__label__logisticstracking asset  management  refers  to  systematic  approach  to  the  governance  and  realization  of  value  from  the  things  that  a  group  or  entity  is  responsible  for,  over  their  whole  life  cycles.  it  may  apply  both  to  tangible  assets  physical  objects  such  as  buildings  or  equipment  and  to  intangible  assets  such  as  human  capital,  intellectual  property,  goodwill  and/or  financial  assets.  asset  management  is  a  systematic  process  of  developing,  operating,  maintaining,  upgrading,  and  disposing  of  assets  in  the  most  costeffective  manner  including  all  costs,  risks  and  performance  attributes.the  term  is  commonly  used  in  the  financial  sector  to  describe  people  and  companies  who  manage  investments
__label__logisticstracking on  behalf  of  others.  those  include,  for  example,  investment  managers  that  manage  the  assets  of  a  pension  fund.it  is  also  increasingly  used  in  both  the  business  world  and  public  infrastructure  sectors  to  ensure  a  coordinated  approach  to  the  optimization  of  costs,  risks,  service/performance  and  sustainability.the  international  standard,  iso  55000,  provides  an  introduction  and  requirements  specification  for  a  management  system  for  asset  management.  by  industry  financial  asset  management  the  most  common  usage  of  the  term  asset  manager  refers  to  investment  management,  the  sector  of  the  financial  services  industry  that  manages  investment  funds  and  segregated  client  accounts.  asset  management  is  part  of
__label__logisticstracking a  financial  company  which  employs  experts  who  manage  money  and  handle  the  investments  of  clients.  from  studying  the  clients  assets  to  planning  and  looking  after  the  investments,  all  things  are  looked  after  by  the  asset  managers  and  recommendations  are  provided  based  on  the  financial  health  of  each  client.  physical  and  infrastructure  asset  management  infrastructure  asset  management  is  the  combination  of  management,  financial,  economic,  engineering,  and  other  practices  applied  to  physical  assets  with  the  objective  of  providing  the  best  value  level  of  service  for  the  costs  involved.  it  includes  the  management  of  the  entire  life  cycleincluding  design,  construction,  commissioning,  operating,  maintaining,
__label__logisticstracking repairing,  modifying,  replacing  and  decommissioning/disposalof  physical  and  infrastructure  assets.  operation  and  maintenance  of  assets  in  a  constrained  budget  environment  require  a  prioritization  scheme.  as  a  way  of  illustration,  the  recent  development  of  renewable  energy  has  seen  the  rise  of  effective  asset  managers  involved  in  the  management  of  solar  systems  solar  park,  rooftops,  and  windmills.  these  teams  often  collaborate  with  financial  asset  managers  in  order  to  offer  turnkey  solutions  to  investors.  infrastructure  asset  management  became  very  important  in  most  of  the  developed  countries  in  the  21st  century,  since  their  infrastructure  network  was  almost  completed  in  the  20th  century  and  they  have
__label__logisticstracking to  manage  to  operate  and  maintain  them  costeffectively.software  asset  management  is  one  kind  of  infrastructure  asset  management.the  international  organization  for  standardization  published  its  management  system  standard  for  asset  management  in  2014.the  iso  55000  series  provides  terminology,  requirements,  and  guidance  for  implementing,  maintaining  and  improving  an  effective  asset  management  system.physical  asset  management:  the  practice  of  managing  the  entire  life  cycle  design,  construction,  commissioning,  operating,  maintaining,  repairing,  modifying,  replacing  and  decommissioning/disposal  of  physical  and  infrastructure  assets  such  as  structures,  production  and  service  plant,  power,  water  and  waste  treatment  facilities,  distribution  networks,  transport  systems,  buildings  and  other  physical  assets.  the  increasing  availability  of
__label__logisticstracking data  from  asset  systems  is  allowing  the  principles  of  total  cost  of  ownership  to  be  applied  to  facility  management  of  an  individual  system,  a  building,  or  across  a  campus.  physical  asset  management  is  related  to  asset  health  management.infrastructure  asset  management  expands  on  this  theme  in  relation  primarily  to  public  sector,  utilities,  property  and  transport  systems.  additionally,  asset  management  can  refer  to  shaping  the  future  interfaces  between  the  human,  built,  and  natural  environments  through  collaborative  and  evidencebased  decision  processesfixed  assets  management:  an  accounting  process  that  seeks  to  track  fixed  assets  for  the  purposes  of  financial  accountingit  asset  management:  the  set  of
__label__logisticstracking business  practices  that  join  financial,  contractual  and  inventory  functions  to  support  life  cycle  management  and  strategic  decision  making  for  the  it  environment.  this  is  also  one  of  the  processes  defined  within  it  service  managementdigital  asset  management:  a  form  of  electronic  media  content  management  that  includes  digital  assets  enterprise  asset  management  enterprise  asset  management  eam  systems  are  asset  information  systems  that  support  the  management  of  an  organizations  assets.  an  eam  includes  an  asset  registry  inventory  of  assets  and  their  attributes  combined  with  a  computerized  maintenance  management  system  cmms  and  other  modules  such  as  inventory  or  materials  management.  assets  that  are  geographically
__label__logisticstracking distributed,  interconnected  or  networked,  are  often  also  represented  through  the  use  of  geographic  information  systems  gis.giscentric  asset  registry  standardizes  data  and  improves  interoperability,  providing  users  the  capability  to  reuse,  coordinate,  and  share  information  in  an  efficient  and  effective  manner  .  a  gis  platform  combined  with  information  of  both  the  hard  and  soft  assets  helps  to  remove  the  traditional  silos  of  departmental  functions.  while  the  hard  assets  are  the  typical  physical  assets  or  infrastructure  assets,  the  soft  assets  might  include  permits,  licenses,  brands,  patents,  rightofways  and  other  entitlements  or  valued  items.the  eam  system  is  only  one  of  the  enables  to  good
__label__logisticstracking asset  management.  asset  managers  need  to  make  informed  decisions  in  order  to  fulfill  their  organizational  goals,  this  requires  good  asset  information  but  also  leadership,  clarity  of  strategic  priorities,  competencies,  interdepartmental  collaboration  and  communications,  workforce  and  supply  chain  engagement,  risk  and  change  management  systems,  performance  monitoring  and  continual  improvement.  public  asset  management  public  asset  management,  also  called  corporate  asset  management,  expands  the  definition  of  enterprise  asset  management  eam  by  incorporating  the  management  of  all  things  of  value  to  a  municipal  jurisdiction  and  its  citizens  expectations.  an  example  in  which  public  asset  management  is  used  is  landuse  development  and  planning.  intellectual  and
__label__logisticstracking nonphysical  asset  management  increasingly  both  consumers  and  organizations  use  assets,  e.g.  software,  music,  books,  etc.  where  the  users  rights  are  constrained  by  a  license  agreement.  an  asset  management  system  would  identify  the  constraints  upon  such  licenses,  e.g.  a  time  period.  if,  for  example,  one  licenses  software,  often  the  license  is  for  a  given  period  of  time.  adobe  and  microsoft  both  offer  time  based  software  licenses.  in  both  the  corporate  and  consumer  worlds,  there  is  a  distinction  between  software  ownership  and  the  updating  of  software.  one  may  own  a  version  of  software,  but  not  newer  versions  of  the  software.  cellular  phones
__label__logisticstracking are  often  not  updated  by  vendors,  in  an  attempt  to  force  purchase  of  newer  hardware.  large  companies  such  as  oracle,  that  license  software  to  clients  distinguish  between  the  right  to  use  and  the  right  to  receive  maintenance/support.  see  also  asset  management  firmit  asset  managementlist  of  asset  management  firmsp2p  asset  managementroboadvisorsoftware  asset  managementiso  55000  references  further  reading  baird,  g.  defining  public  asset  management  for  municipal  water  utilities.  journal  american  water  works  association  may  2011,  103:5:30,  www.awwa.org  external  links  iso/tc  251  iso  asset  management  informationiso  page  for  iso  55000iam  page  for  introduction  to  asset  management
__label__logisticstracking mobile  asset  management  is  managing  availability  and  serviceability  of  assets  used  to  move,  store,  secure,  protect  and  control  inventory  within  the  enterprise  and  along  the  supply  chain  or  in  conjunction  with  service  providing.mobile  assets  are  e.g.  of  the  classes  ofreturnable,  reusable  containers  used  to  transport  raw  materials,  workinprogress  and  finished  goods  through  the  supply  chain.precious  tools  and  apparatuses  used  in  technical  services  and  required  for  proper  performing  such  services  with  fully  valid  certificationany  other  objects  of  a  value  that  justifies  additional  tagging  for  the  purpose  of  managing  the  object  and  its  availabilityany  other  objects  with  a  certification  that  terminates  after
__label__logisticstracking certain  time  which  justifies  the  controlled  return  for  next  inspectionpersons  under  special  threat  on  site  of  operation.rental  companies  are  increasingly  turning  to  asset  tracking  for  all  larger  pieces  of  equipment  in  order  to  manage  theft,  misuse  of  assets  and  to  assist  in  the  management  of  preventive  maintenance  tracking  mobile  assets  the  business  justification  to  invest  in  asset  tracking  capability  is  usually  the  risk  of  loss.  this  can  be  loss  of  the  asset  directly,  or  loss  of  the  ability  to  render  service  to  customers  that  is  enabled  by  the  asset.  for  example,  the  business  may  have  a  few  critical  tools,  and
__label__logisticstracking the  loss  of  just  one  of  these  tools  would  significantly  degrade  the  ability  to  perform  necessary  work.thus,  the  assets  being  tracked  may  a  have  specific  quantifiable  capital  value  or  b  general  aggregate  operational  value.examples  for  such  assets  include  beer  kegs,intermediate  bulk  containers  ibcs  used  in  the  food  and  chemical  industries,racks  for  glass  and  automotive  parts,unit  load  devices  ulds  used  in  the  airline  industry.linereplaceable  unit  lrus  of  infield  operational  installationsrolling  cages,collapsible  aluminum  containers  for  raw  materials,portable  surgical  instrumentsmedical  devices  in  hospitals  and  subject  of  repetitive  certification.  nonasset  mobile  tracking  applications  persons  may  be  tracked  within  a  controlled  geographical  area;  e.g.  hospital
__label__logisticstracking patients,  visitors  in  a  secure  facility,  or  workers  in  power  plants,  chemical  plants,  or  tunnel  construction  sites.  people  can  be  actively  tracked  to  locate  them  reliably  and  quickly  in  the  unfortunate  case  of  disaster.  persontracking  is  a  highly  specialized  application  that  requires  specialpurpose  technology,  and  is  only  workable  within  a  specific,  controlled  environment.  tracking  an  individual  person  in  an  open,  uncontrolled  environment  without  special  instrumentation  is  not  realistically  possible.  concerns  with  usage  of  tracking  mobile  assets  these  assets  are  often  in  the  hands  of  third  party  entities  such  as  suppliers,  customers,  logistics  providers  and  carriers  and  out  of  sight  and
__label__logisticstracking control  of  the  owning  entity.  they  usually  represent  a  significant  capital  expenditure  for  companies  and  their  management  and  maintenance  is  resourceintensive.on  average,  businesses  spend  5  of  annual  revenue  on  logistics  assets,  and  almost  onefifth  of  respondents  spend  more  than  10.  the  annual  costs  include  the  replacement  of  lost  or  damaged  special  containers,  where  typically  up  to  30  of  the  containers  are  surplus  in  circulation  just  because  nobody  knows  when  and  where.  outsourcing  mobile  asset  management  mobile  asset  management  providers  manage  asset  operation  within  the  supply  chain,  directing  the  activities  of  a  clients  third  party  logistics  company  as  needed  and  ensure
__label__logisticstracking proper  services  are  performed  on  the  asset  handling,  cleaning,  maintenance,  repair.  these  providers  also  study  business  processes  within  the  supply  chain  and  help  optimize  each  process.  methods  of  tracking  different  methods  exist  to  track  and  manage  mobile  assets.  today,  companies  use  laborintensive  manual  processes  to  track  assets  between  manufacturers  and  distributors,  which  can  result  in  higher  supply  chain  costs  and  processes  that  are  less  reliable  due  to  natural  human  error.  specific  identification  of  the  containers  origin  and  destination  is  virtually  impossible  under  this  method.  components  of  mobile  asset  management  mobile  asset  management  solutions  can  include  one  or  more  of  these
__label__logisticstracking parts:server  unitdatabase  unitwireless  tags  for  the  unitsillumination  bases  for  wireless  communications  gsmlocating  receivers  gps  asset  tracking  technology  more  sophisticated  mobile  asset  management  companies  use  the  most  advanced  means  of  tracking  assets  available  today,  such  as  radiofrequency  identification.  rfid  automatically  captures  data  on  each  individual  container  and  can  indicate  container  contents  without  ever  having  to  open  the  container.  this  technology  is  also  combined  with  software  applications  that  collect,  maintain,  track  and  analyze  the  data  and  provide  customized  reporting  of  the  location,  status,  and  audit  and  maintenance  history  of  each  asset.  for  example,  wayne  memorial  hospital  has  saved  300,000  by  tracking  for
__label__logisticstracking infusion  pumps  with  rfid  technology  that  can  piggyback  on  the  wifi  system  already  in  place.  that  system  is  known  as  active  rfid  because  it  uses  tags  that  have  batteries  and  constantly  beacon.  the  most  popular  form  of  asset  tracking  using  rfid  is  passive  rfid  using  iso  standard  180006c.  the  financial  services  technology  consortium  created  a  standard  for  tracking  assets  at  bank  locations  see  www.fstc.org.  the  company  that  performed  the  work  for  fstc  and  most  of  the  member  banks  is  odin  and  they  have  a  specialty  rfid  asset  tracking  software.  flexible  pricing  options  management  providers  typically  offer  flexible  financing  options,  including
__label__logisticstracking payperuse,  subscription  or  leasing  models.  each  financing  option  provides  a  predictable  monthly  assetrelated  expense.  benefits  of  mobile  asset  management  the  major  benefits  of  mobile  asset  management  include:improve  visibility  of  assets  in  the  supply  chainmeet  compliance  mandates  of  customersimprove  asset  tracking  and  inventory  control  across  multiple  facilitiesreduce  loss  or  damage  of  goods  while  in  transitstreamline  business  processes  having  to  do  with  assetsreduced  labor  cost  and  human  error  with  automatic  asset  tracking  technologyreductions  in  theft  and  improvements  in  rental  utilization  see  also  track  and  trace  notes
__label__logisticstracking logistics  is  generally  the  detailed  organization  and  implementation  of  a  complex  operation.  in  a  general  business  sense,  logistics  is  the  management  of  the  flow  of  things  between  the  point  of  origin  and  the  point  of  consumption  to  meet  requirements  of  customers  or  corporations.  the  resources  managed  in  logistics  may  include  tangible  goods  such  as  materials,  equipment,  and  supplies,  as  well  as  food  and  other  consumable  items.  the  logistics  of  physical  items  usually  involves  the  integration  of  information  flow,  materials  handling,  production,  packaging,  inventory,  transportation,  warehousing,  and  often  security.in  military  science,  logistics  is  concerned  with  maintaining  army  supply  lines  while  disrupting
__label__logisticstracking those  of  the  enemy,  since  an  armed  force  without  resources  and  transportation  is  defenseless.  military  logistics  was  already  practiced  in  the  ancient  world  and  as  modern  military  have  a  significant  need  for  logistics  solutions,  advanced  implementations  have  been  developed.  in  military  logistics,  logistics  officers  manage  how  and  when  to  move  resources  to  the  places  they  are  needed.logistics  management  is  the  part  of  supply  chain  management  that  plans,  implements,  and  controls  the  efficient,  effective  forward,  and  reverse  flow  and  storage  of  goods,  services,  and  related  information  between  point  of  origin  and  point  of  consumption  to  meet  customers  requirements.  the  complexity  of
__label__logisticstracking logistics  can  be  modeled,  analyzed,  visualized,  and  optimized  by  dedicated  simulation  software.  the  minimization  of  the  use  of  resources  is  a  common  motivation  in  all  logistics  fields.  a  professional  working  in  the  field  of  logistics  management  is  called  a  logistician.  nomenclature  the  term  logistics  is  attested  in  english  from  1846,  and  is  from  french:  logistique,  where  it  was  either  coined  or  popularized  by  military  officer  and  writer  antoinehenri  jomini,  who  defined  it  in  his  summary  of  the  art  of  war  prcis  de  lart  de  la  guerre.  the  term  appears  in  the  1830  edition,  then  titled  analytic  table  tableau  analytique,  and
__label__logisticstracking jomini  explains  that  it  is  derived  from  french:  logis,  lit.  lodgings  cognate  to  english  lodge,  in  the  terms  french:  marchal  des  logis,  lit.  marshall  of  lodgings  and  french:  majorgnral  des  logis,  lit.  majorgeneral  of  lodging:autrefois  les  officiers  de  ltatmajor  se  nommaient:  marchal  des  logis,  majorgnral  des  logis;  de  l  est  venu  le  terme  de  logistique,  quon  emploie  pour  dsigner  ce  qui  se  rapporte  aux  marches  dune  arme.formerly  the  officers  of  the  general  staff  were  named:  marshall  of  lodgings,  majorgeneral  of  lodgings;  from  there  came  the  term  of  logistics  logistique,  which  we  employ  to  designate  those  who  are  in  charge  of
__label__logisticstracking the  functionings  of  an  army.the  term  is  credited  to  jomini,  and  the  term  and  its  etymology  criticized  by  georges  de  chambray  in  1832,  writing:logistique:  ce  mot  me  parat  tre  toutfait  nouveau,  car  je  ne  lavais  encore  vu  nulle  part  dans  la  littrature  militaire.  il  parat  le  faire  driver  du  mot  logis,  tymologie  singulire  logistic:  this  word  appears  to  me  to  be  completely  new,  as  i  have  not  yet  see  it  anywhere  in  military  literature.  he  appears  to  derive  it  from  the  word  lodgings  logis,  a  peculiar  etymology  chambray  also  notes  that  the  term  logistique  was  present  in  the  dictionnaire  de
__label__logisticstracking lacadmie  franaise  as  a  synonym  for  algebra.the  french  word:  logistique  is  a  homonym  of  the  existing  mathematical  term,  from  ancient  greek:  ,  romanized:  logistiks,  a  traditional  division  of  greek  mathematics;  the  mathematical  term  is  presumably  the  origin  of  the  term  logistic  in  logistic  growth  and  related  terms.  some  sources  give  this  instead  as  the  source  of  logistics,  either  ignorant  of  jominis  statement  that  it  was  derived  from  logis,  or  dubious  and  instead  believing  it  was  in  fact  of  greek  origin,  or  influenced  by  the  existing  term  of  greek  origin.  definition  jomini  originally  defined  logistics  as:...  lart  de  bien  ordonner  les
__label__logisticstracking marches  dune  arme,  de  bien  combiner  lordre  des  troupes  dans  les  colonnes,  les  tems  temps  de  leur  dpart,  leur  itinraire,  les  moyens  de  communications  ncessaires  pour  assurer  leur  arrive  point  nomm  ......  the  art  of  well  ordering  the  functionings  of  an  army,  of  well  combining  the  order  of  troops  in  columns,  the  times  of  their  departure,  their  itinerary,  the  means  of  communication  necessary  to  assure  their  arrival  at  a  named  point  ...the  oxford  english  dictionary  defines  logistics  as  the  branch  of  military  science  relating  to  procuring,  maintaining  and  transporting  material,  personnel  and  facilities.  however,  the  new  oxford  american  dictionary  defines
__label__logisticstracking logistics  as  the  detailed  coordination  of  a  complex  operation  involving  many  people,  facilities,  or  supplies,  and  the  oxford  dictionary  online  defines  it  as  the  detailed  organization  and  implementation  of  a  complex  operation.  as  such,  logistics  is  commonly  seen  as  a  branch  of  engineering  that  creates  people  systems  rather  than  machine  systems.according  to  the  council  of  supply  chain  management  professionals  previously  the  council  of  logistics  management,  logistics  is  the  process  of  planning,  implementing  and  controlling  procedures  for  the  efficient  and  effectivetransportation  and  storage  of  goods  including  services  and  related  information  from  the  point  of  origin  to  the  point  of  consumption  for
__label__logisticstracking the  purpose  of  conforming  to  customer  requirements  and  includes  inbound,  outbound,  internal  and  external  movements.academics  and  practitioners  traditionally  refer  to  the  terms  operations  or  production  management  when  referring  to  physical  transformations  taking  place  in  a  single  business  location  factory,  restaurant  or  even  bank  clerking  and  reserve  the  term  logistics  for  activities  related  to  distribution,  that  is,  moving  products  on  the  territory.  managing  a  distribution  center  is  seen,  therefore,  as  pertaining  to  the  realm  of  logistics  since,  while  in  theory  the  products  made  by  a  factory  are  ready  for  consumption  they  still  need  to  be  moved  along  the  distribution  network  according
__label__logisticstracking to  some  logic,  and  the  distribution  center  aggregates  and  processes  orders  coming  from  different  areas  of  the  territory.  that  being  said,  from  a  modeling  perspective,  there  are  similarities  between  operations  management  and  logistics,  and  companies  sometimes  use  hybrid  professionals,  with  for  example  a  director  of  operations  or  a  logistics  officer  working  on  similar  problems.  furthermore,  the  term  supply  chain  management  originally  refers  to,  among  other  issues,  having  an  integrated  vision  of  both  production  and  logistics  from  point  of  origin  to  point  of  production.  all  these  terms  may  suffer  from  semantic  change  as  a  side  effect  of  advertising.  logistics  activities  and
__label__logisticstracking fields  inbound  logistics  is  one  of  the  primary  processes  of  logistics  concentrating  on  purchasing  and  arranging  the  inbound  movement  of  materials,  parts,  or  unfinished  inventory  from  suppliers  to  manufacturing  or  assembly  plants,  warehouses,  or  retail  stores.outbound  logistics  is  the  process  related  to  the  storage  and  movement  of  the  final  product  and  the  related  information  flows  from  the  end  of  the  production  line  to  the  end  user.given  the  services  performed  by  logisticians,  the  main  fields  of  logistics  can  be  broken  down  as  follows:procurement  logistics  consists  of  activities  such  as  market  research,  requirements  planning,  makeorbuy  decisions,  supplier  management,  ordering,  and  order  controlling.
__label__logisticstracking the  targets  in  procurement  logistics  might  be  contradictory:  maximizing  efficiency  by  concentrating  on  core  competences,  outsourcing  while  maintaining  the  autonomy  of  the  company,  or  minimizing  procurement  costs  while  maximizing  security  within  the  supply  process.advance  logistics  consists  of  the  activities  required  to  set  up  or  establish  a  plan  for  logistics  activities  to  occur.distribution  logistics  has,  as  main  tasks,  the  delivery  of  the  finished  products  to  the  customer.  it  consists  of  order  processing,  warehousing,  and  transportation.  distribution  logistics  is  necessary  because  the  time,  place,  and  quantity  of  production  differs  with  the  time,  place,  and  quantity  of  consumption.disposal  logistics  has  as  its  main
__label__logisticstracking function  to  reduce  logistics  costs  and  enhance  services  related  to  the  disposal  of  waste  produced  during  the  operation  of  a  business.reverse  logistics  denotes  all  those  operations  related  to  the  reuse  of  products  and  materials.  the  reverse  logistics  process  includes  the  management  and  the  sale  of  surpluses,  as  well  as  products  being  returned  to  vendors  from  buyers.  reverse  logistics  stands  for  all  operations  related  to  the  reuse  of  products  and  materials.  it  is  the  process  of  planning,  implementing,  and  controlling  the  efficient,  cost  effective  flow  of  raw  materials,  inprocess  inventory,  finished  goods  and  related  information  from  the  point  of  consumption  to
__label__logisticstracking the  point  of  origin  for  the  purpose  of  recapturing  value  or  proper  disposal.  more  precisely,  reverse  logistics  is  the  process  of  moving  goods  from  their  typical  final  destination  for  the  purpose  of  capturing  value,  or  proper  disposal.  the  opposite  of  reverse  logistics  is  forward  logistics.green  logistics  describes  all  attempts  to  measure  and  minimize  the  ecological  impact  of  logistics  activities.  this  includes  all  activities  of  the  forward  and  reverse  flows.  this  can  be  achieved  through  intermodal  freight  transport,  path  optimization,  vehicle  saturation  and  city  logistics.ram  logistics  see  also  logistic  engineering  combines  both  business  logistics  and  military  logistics  since  it  is  concerned
__label__logisticstracking with  highly  complicated  technological  systems  for  which  reliability,  availability  and  maintainability  are  essential,  ex:  weapon  systems  and  military  supercomputers.asset  control  logistics:  companies  in  the  retail  channels,  both  organized  retailers  and  suppliers,  often  deploy  assets  required  for  the  display,  preservation,  promotion  of  their  products.  some  examples  are  refrigerators,  stands,  display  monitors,  seasonal  equipment,  poster  stands  frames.emergency  logistics  or  humanitarian  logistics  is  a  term  used  by  the  logistics,  supply  chain,  and  manufacturing  industries  to  denote  specific  timecritical  modes  of  transport  used  to  move  goods  or  objects  rapidly  in  the  event  of  an  emergency.  the  reason  for  enlisting  emergency  logistics  services  could  be
__label__logisticstracking a  production  delay  or  anticipated  production  delay,  or  an  urgent  need  for  specialized  equipment  to  prevent  events  such  as  aircraft  being  grounded  also  known  as  aircraft  on  groundaog,  ships  being  delayed,  or  telecommunications  failure.  humanitarian  logistics  involves  governments,  the  military,  aid  agencies,  donors,  nongovernmental  organizations  and  emergency  logistics  services  are  typically  sourced  from  a  specialist  provider.the  term  production  logistics  describes  logistic  processes  within  a  value  adding  system  ex:  factory  or  a  mine.  production  logistics  aims  to  ensure  that  each  machine  and  workstation  receives  the  right  product  in  the  right  quantity  and  quality  at  the  right  time.  the  concern  is  with
__label__logisticstracking production,  testing,  transportation,  storage  and  supply.  production  logistics  can  operate  in  existing  as  well  as  new  plants:  since  manufacturing  in  an  existing  plant  is  a  constantly  changing  process,  machines  are  exchanged  and  new  ones  added,  which  gives  the  opportunity  to  improve  the  production  logistics  system  accordingly.  production  logistics  provides  the  means  to  achieve  customer  response  and  capital  efficiency.  production  logistics  becomes  more  important  with  decreasing  batch  sizes.  in  many  industries  e.g.  mobile  phones,  the  shortterm  goal  is  a  batch  size  of  one,  allowing  even  a  single  customers  demand  to  be  fulfilled  efficiently.  track  and  tracing,  which  is  an  essential  part
__label__logisticstracking of  production  logistics  due  to  product  safety  and  reliability  issues,  is  also  gaining  importance,  especially  in  the  automotive  and  medical  industries.construction  logistics  is  known  to  mankind  since  ancient  times.  as  the  various  human  civilizations  tried  to  build  the  best  possible  works  of  construction  for  living  and  protection.  now  the  construction  logistics  emerged  as  vital  part  of  construction.  in  the  past  few  years  construction  logistics  has  emerged  as  a  different  field  of  knowledge  and  study  within  the  subject  of  supply  chain  management  and  logistics.digital  logistics  is  driven  by  a  new  generation  of  webbased,  enterprise  logistics  applications  that  enable  collaboration  and  optimization,
__label__logisticstracking leveraging  a  central  logistics  information  backbone  that  provides  visibility  across  the  enterprise  and  extended  supply  chain.  military  logistics  in  military  science,  maintaining  ones  supply  lines  while  disrupting  those  of  the  enemy  is  a  crucialsome  would  say  the  most  crucialelement  of  military  strategy,  since  an  armed  force  without  resources  and  transportation  is  defenseless.  the  historical  leaders  hannibal,  alexander  the  great,  and  the  duke  of  wellington  are  considered  to  have  been  logistical  geniuses:  alexanders  expedition  benefited  considerably  from  his  meticulous  attention  to  the  provisioning  of  his  army,  hannibal  is  credited  to  have  taught  logistics  to  the  romans  during  the  punic  wars  and
__label__logisticstracking the  success  of  the  angloportuguese  army  in  the  peninsula  war  was  the  due  to  the  effectiveness  of  wellingtons  supply  system,  despite  the  numerical  disadvantage.  the  defeat  of  the  british  in  the  american  war  of  independence  and  the  defeat  of  the  axis  in  the  african  theater  of  world  war  ii  are  attributed  by  some  scholars  to  logistical  failures.militaries  have  a  significant  need  for  logistics  solutions  and  so  have  developed  advanced  implementations.  integrated  logistics  support  ils  is  a  discipline  used  in  military  industries  to  ensure  an  easily  supportable  system  with  a  robust  customer  service  logistic  concept  at  the  lowest  cost  and  in
__label__logisticstracking line  with  often  high  reliability,  availability,  maintainability,  and  other  requirements,  as  defined  for  the  project.in  military  logistics,  logistics  officers  manage  how  and  when  to  move  resources  to  the  places  they  are  needed.supply  chain  management  in  military  logistics  often  deals  with  a  number  of  variables  in  predicting  cost,  deterioration,  consumption,  and  future  demand.  the  united  states  armed  forces  categorical  supply  classification  was  developed  in  such  a  way  that  categories  of  supply  with  similar  consumption  variables  are  grouped  together  for  planning  purposes.  for  instance,  peacetime  consumption  of  ammunition  and  fuel  will  be  considerably  lower  than  wartime  consumption  of  these  items,  whereas  other
__label__logisticstracking classes  of  supply  such  as  subsistence  and  clothing  have  a  relatively  consistent  consumption  rate  regardless  of  war  or  peace.some  classes  of  supply  have  a  linear  demand  relationship:  as  more  troops  are  added,  more  supply  items  are  needed;  or  as  more  equipment  is  used,  more  fuel  and  ammunition  are  consumed.  other  classes  of  supply  must  consider  a  third  variable  besides  usage  and  quantity:  time.  as  equipment  ages,  more  and  more  repair  parts  are  needed  over  time,  even  when  usage  and  quantity  stays  consistent.  by  recording  and  analyzing  these  trends  over  time  and  applying  them  to  future  scenarios,  the  us  armed  forces
__label__logisticstracking can  accurately  supply  troops  with  the  items  necessary  at  the  precise  moment  they  are  needed.  history  has  shown  that  good  logistical  planning  creates  a  lean  and  efficient  fighting  force.  the  lack  thereof  can  lead  to  a  clunky,  slow,  and  illequipped  force  with  too  much  or  too  little  supply.  business  logistics  one  definition  of  business  logistics  speaks  of  having  the  right  item  in  the  right  quantity  at  the  right  time  at  the  right  place  for  the  right  price  in  the  right  condition  to  the  right  customer.  business  logistics  incorporates  all  industry  sectors  and  aims  to  manage  the  fruition  of  project  life
__label__logisticstracking cycles,  supply  chains,  and  resultant  efficiencies.the  term  business  logistics  has  evolved  since  the  1960s  due  to  the  increasing  complexity  of  supplying  businesses  with  materials  and  shipping  out  products  in  an  increasingly  globalized  supply  chain,  leading  to  a  call  for  professionals  called  supply  chain  logisticians.in  business,  logistics  may  have  either  an  internal  focus  inbound  logistics  or  an  external  focus  outbound  logistics,  covering  the  flow  and  storage  of  materials  from  point  of  origin  to  point  of  consumption  see  supplychain  management.  the  main  functions  of  a  qualified  logistician  include  inventory  management,  purchasing,  transportation,  warehousing,  consultation,  and  the  organizing  and  planning  of  these  activities.
__label__logisticstracking logisticians  combine  a  professional  knowledge  of  each  of  these  functions  to  coordinate  resources  in  an  organization.there  are  two  fundamentally  different  forms  of  logistics:  one  optimizes  a  steady  flow  of  material  through  a  network  of  transport  links  and  storage  nodes,  while  the  other  coordinates  a  sequence  of  resources  to  carry  out  some  project  e.g.,  restructuring  a  warehouse.  nodes  of  a  distribution  network  the  nodes  of  a  distribution  network  include:factories  where  products  are  manufactured  or  assembleda  depot  or  deposit,  a  standard  type  of  warehouse  for  storing  merchandise  high  level  of  inventorydistribution  centers  for  order  processing  and  order  fulfillment  lower  level  of  inventory
__label__logisticstracking and  also  for  receiving  returning  items  from  clientstransit  points  for  cross  docking  activities,  which  consist  of  reassembling  cargo  units  based  on  deliveries  scheduled  only  moving  merchandisetraditional  retail  stores  of  the  mom  and  pop  variety,  modern  supermarkets,  hypermarkets,  discount  stores  or  also  voluntary  chains,  consumers  cooperative,  groups  of  consumer  with  collective  buying  power.  note  that  subsidiaries  will  be  mostly  owned  by  another  company  and  franchisers,  although  using  other  company  brands,  actually  own  the  point  of  sale.there  may  be  some  intermediaries  operating  for  representative  matters  between  nodes  such  as  sales  agents  or  brokers.  logistic  families  and  metrics  a  logistic  family  is  a
__label__logisticstracking set  of  products  which  share  a  common  characteristic:  weight  and  volumetric  characteristics,  physical  storing  needs  temperature,  radiation,...,  handling  needs,  order  frequency,  package  size,  etc.  the  following  metrics  may  be  used  by  the  company  to  organize  its  products  in  different  families:physical  metrics  used  to  evaluate  inventory  systems  include  stocking  capacity,  selectivity,  superficial  use,  volumetric  use,  transport  capacity,  transport  capacity  use.monetary  metrics  used  include  space  holding  costs  building,  shelving  and  services  and  handling  costs  people,  handling  machinery,  energy  and  maintenance.other  metrics  may  present  themselves  in  both  physical  or  monetary  form,  such  as  the  standard  inventory  turnover.  handling  and  order  processing  unit  loads
__label__logisticstracking are  combinations  of  individual  items  which  are  moved  by  handling  systems,  usually  employing  a  pallet  of  normed  dimensions.handling  systems  include:  transpallet  handlers,  counterweight  handler,  retractable  mast  handler,  bilateral  handlers,  trilateral  handlers,  agv  and  other  handlers.storage  systems  include:  pile  stocking,  cell  racks  either  static  or  movable,  cantilever  racks  and  gravity  racks.order  processing  is  a  sequential  process  involving:  processing  withdrawal  list,  picking  selective  removal  of  items  from  loading  units,  sorting  assembling  items  based  on  destination,  package  formation  weighting,  labeling  and  packing,  order  consolidation  gathering  packages  into  loading  units  for  transportation,  control  and  bill  of  lading.picking  can  be  both  manual  or  automated.  manual
__label__logisticstracking picking  can  be  both  man  to  goods,  i.e.  operator  using  a  cart  or  conveyor  belt,  or  goods  to  man,  i.e.  the  operator  benefiting  from  the  presence  of  a  miniload  asrs,  vertical  or  horizontal  carousel  or  from  an  automatic  vertical  storage  system  avss.  automatic  picking  is  done  either  with  dispensers  or  depalletizing  robots.sorting  can  be  done  manually  through  carts  or  conveyor  belts,  or  automatically  through  sorters.  transportation  cargo,  i.e.  merchandise  being  transported,  can  be  moved  through  a  variety  of  transportation  means  and  is  organized  in  different  shipment  categories.  unit  loads  are  usually  assembled  into  higher  standardized  units  such  as:  iso  containers,
__label__logisticstracking swap  bodies  or  semitrailers.  especially  for  very  long  distances,  product  transportation  will  likely  benefit  from  using  different  transportation  means:  multimodal  transport,  intermodal  transport  no  handling  and  combined  transport  minimal  road  transport.  when  moving  cargo,  typical  constraints  are  maximum  weight  and  volume.operators  involved  in  transportation  include:  all  train,  road  vehicles,  boats,  airplanes  companies,  couriers,  freight  forwarders  and  multimodal  transport  operators.merchandise  being  transported  internationally  is  usually  subject  to  the  incoterms  standards  issued  by  the  international  chamber  of  commerce.  configuration  and  management  similarly  to  production  systems,  logistic  systems  need  to  be  properly  configured  and  managed.  actually  a  number  of  methodologies  have  been  directly
__label__logisticstracking borrowed  from  operations  management  such  as  using  economic  order  quantity  models  for  managing  inventory  in  the  nodes  of  the  network.  distribution  resource  planning  drp  is  similar  to  mrp,  except  that  it  doesnt  concern  activities  inside  the  nodes  of  the  network  but  planning  distribution  when  moving  goods  through  the  links  of  the  network.traditionally  in  logistics  configuration  may  be  at  the  level  of  the  warehouse  node  or  at  level  of  the  distribution  system  network.regarding  a  single  warehouse,  besides  the  issue  of  designing  and  building  the  warehouse,  configuration  means  solving  a  number  of  interrelated  technicaleconomic  problems:  dimensioning  rack  cells,  choosing  a  palletizing  method
__label__logisticstracking manual  or  through  robots,  rack  dimensioning  and  design,  number  of  racks,  number  and  typology  of  retrieval  systems  e.g.  stacker  cranes.  some  important  constraints  have  to  be  satisfied:  fork  and  load  beams  resistance  to  bending  and  proper  placement  of  sprinklers.  although  picking  is  more  of  a  tactical  planning  decision  than  a  configuration  problem,  it  is  important  to  take  it  into  account  when  deciding  the  racks  layout  inside  the  warehouse  and  buying  tools  such  as  handlers  and  motorized  carts  since  once  those  decisions  are  taken  they  will  work  as  constraints  when  managing  the  warehouse,  same  reasoning  for  sorting  when  designing  the  conveyor
__label__logisticstracking system  or  installing  automatic  dispensers.configuration  at  the  level  of  the  distribution  system  concerns  primarily  the  problem  of  location  of  the  nodes  in  a  geographic  space  and  distribution  of  capacity  among  the  nodes.  the  first  may  be  referred  to  as  facility  location  with  the  special  case  of  site  selection  while  the  latter  to  as  capacity  allocation.  the  problem  of  outsourcing  typically  arises  at  this  level:  the  nodes  of  a  supply  chain  are  very  rarely  owned  by  a  single  enterprise.  distribution  networks  can  be  characterized  by  numbers  of  levels,  namely  the  number  of  intermediary  nodes  between  supplier  and  consumer:direct  store  delivery,  i.e.
__label__logisticstracking zero  levelsone  level  network:  central  warehousetwo  level  network:  central  and  peripheral  warehousesthis  distinction  is  more  useful  for  modeling  purposes,  but  it  relates  also  to  a  tactical  decision  regarding  safety  stocks:  considering  a  two  level  network,  if  safety  inventory  is  kept  only  in  peripheral  warehouses  then  it  is  called  a  dependent  system  from  suppliers,  if  safety  inventory  is  distributed  among  central  and  peripheral  warehouses  it  is  called  an  independent  system  from  suppliers.  transportation  from  producer  to  the  second  level  is  called  primary  transportation,  from  the  second  level  to  consumer  is  called  secondary  transportation.although  configuring  a  distribution  network  from  zero  is  possible,
__label__logisticstracking logisticians  usually  have  to  deal  with  restructuring  existing  networks  due  to  presence  of  an  array  of  factors:  changing  demand,  product  or  process  innovation,  opportunities  for  outsourcing,  change  of  government  policy  toward  trade  barriers,  innovation  in  transportation  means  both  vehicles  or  thoroughfares,  introduction  of  regulations  notably  those  regarding  pollution  and  availability  of  ict  supporting  systems  e.g.  erp  or  ecommerce.once  a  logistic  system  is  configured,  management,  meaning  tactical  decisions,  takes  place,  once  again,  at  the  level  of  the  warehouse  and  of  the  distribution  network.  decisions  have  to  be  made  under  a  set  of  constraints:  internal,  such  as  using  the  available  infrastructure,  or
__label__logisticstracking external,  such  as  complying  with  given  product  shelf  lifes  and  expiration  dates.at  the  warehouse  level,  the  logistician  must  decide  how  to  distribute  merchandise  over  the  racks.  three  basic  situations  are  traditionally  considered:  shared  storage,  dedicated  storage  rack  space  reserved  for  specific  merchandise  and  class  based  storage  class  meaning  merchandise  organized  in  different  areas  according  to  their  access  index.picking  efficiency  varies  greatly  depending  on  the  situation.  for  man  to  goods  situation,  a  distinction  is  carried  out  between  high  level  picking  vertical  component  significant  and  low  level  picking  vertical  component  insignificant.  a  number  of  tactical  decisions  regarding  picking  must  be  made:routing  path:
__label__logisticstracking standard  alternatives  include  transversal  routing,  return  routing,  midpoint  routing  and  largest  gap  return  routingreplenishment  method:  standard  alternatives  include  equal  space  supply  for  each  product  class  and  equal  time  supply  for  each  product  class.picking  logic:  order  picking  vs  batch  pickingat  the  level  of  the  distribution  network,  tactical  decisions  involve  mainly  inventory  control  and  delivery  path  optimization.  note  that  the  logistician  may  be  required  to  manage  the  reverse  flow  along  with  the  forward  flow.  warehouse  management  and  control  although  there  is  some  overlap  in  functionality,  warehouse  management  systems  wms  can  differ  significantly  from  warehouse  control  systems  wcs.  simply  put,  a  wms  plans
__label__logisticstracking a  weekly  activity  forecast  based  on  such  factors  as  statistics  and  trends,  whereas  a  wcs  acts  like  a  floor  supervisor,  working  in  real  time  to  get  the  job  done  by  the  most  effective  means.  for  instance,  a  wms  can  tell  the  system  that  it  is  going  to  need  five  of  stockkeeping  unit  sku  a  and  five  of  sku  b  hours  in  advance,  but  by  the  time  it  acts,  other  considerations  may  have  come  into  play  or  there  could  be  a  logjam  on  a  conveyor.  a  wcs  can  prevent  that  problem  by  working  in  real  time  and  adapting  to  the  situation
__label__logisticstracking by  making  a  lastminute  decision  based  on  current  activity  and  operational  status.  working  synergistically,  wms  and  wcs  can  resolve  these  issues  and  maximize  efficiency  for  companies  that  rely  on  the  effective  operation  of  their  warehouse  or  distribution  center.  logistics  outsourcing  logistics  outsourcing  involves  a  relationship  between  a  company  and  an  lsp  logistic  service  provider,  which,  compared  with  basic  logistics  services,  has  more  customized  offerings,  encompasses  a  broad  number  of  service  activities,  is  characterized  by  a  longterm  orientation,  and  thus  has  a  strategic  nature.outsourcing  does  not  have  to  be  complete  externalization  to  an  lsp,  but  can  also  be  partial:a  single  contract
__label__logisticstracking for  supplying  a  specific  service  on  occasioncreation  of  a  spinoffcreation  of  a  joint  venturethirdparty  logistics  3pl  involves  using  external  organizations  to  execute  logistics  activities  that  have  traditionally  been  performed  within  an  organization  itself.  according  to  this  definition,  thirdparty  logistics  includes  any  form  of  outsourcing  of  logistics  activities  previously  performed  in  house.  for  example,  if  a  company  with  its  own  warehousing  facilities  decides  to  employ  external  transportation,  this  would  be  an  example  of  thirdparty  logistics.  logistics  is  an  emerging  business  area  in  many  countries.the  concept  of  a  fourthparty  logistics  4pl  provider  was  first  defined  by  andersen  consulting  now  accenture  as  an
__label__logisticstracking integrator  that  assembles  the  resources,  planning  capabilities,  and  technology  of  its  own  organization  and  other  organizations  to  design,  build,  and  run  comprehensive  supply  chain  solutions.  whereas  a  thirdparty  logistics  3pl  service  provider  targets  a  single  function,  a  4pl  targets  management  of  the  entire  process.  some  have  described  a  4pl  as  a  general  contractor  that  manages  other  3pls,  truckers,  forwarders,  custom  house  agents,  and  others,  essentially  taking  responsibility  of  a  complete  process  for  the  customer.  horizontal  alliances  between  logistics  service  providers  horizontal  business  alliances  often  occur  between  logistics  service  providers,  i.e.,  the  cooperation  between  two  or  more  logistics  companies  that  are
__label__logisticstracking potentially  competing.  in  a  horizontal  alliance,  these  partners  can  benefit  twofold.  on  one  hand,  they  can  resources  which  are  directly  exploitable.  in  this  example  extending  common  transportation  networks,  their  warehouse  infrastructure  and  the  ability  to  provide  more  complex  service  packages  can  be  achieved  by  combining  resources.  on  the  other  hand,  partners  can  access  intangible  resources,  which  are  not  directly  exploitable.  this  typically  includes  knowhow  and  information  and,  in  turn,  innovation.  logistics  automation  logistics  automation  is  the  application  of  computer  software  or  automated  machinery  to  improve  the  efficiency  of  logistics  operations.  typically  this  refers  to  operations  within  a  warehouse  or  distribution
__label__logisticstracking center  with  broader  tasks  undertaken  by  supply  chain  management  systems  and  enterprise  resource  planning  systems.industrial  machinery  can  typically  identify  products  through  either  barcode  or  rfid  technologies.  information  in  traditional  bar  codes  is  stored  as  a  sequence  of  black  and  white  bars  varying  in  width,  which  when  read  by  laser  is  translated  into  a  digital  sequence,  which  according  to  fixed  rules  can  be  converted  into  a  decimal  number  or  other  data.  sometimes  information  in  a  bar  code  can  be  transmitted  through  radio  frequency,  more  typically  radio  transmission  is  used  in  rfid  tags.  an  rfid  tag  is  card  containing  a  memory  chip
__label__logisticstracking and  an  antenna  which  transmits  signals  to  a  reader.  rfid  may  be  found  on  merchandise,  animals,  vehicles  and  people  as  well.  logistics:  profession  and  organizations  a  logistician  is  a  professional  logistics  practitioner.  professional  logisticians  are  often  certified  by  professional  associations.  one  can  either  work  in  a  pure  logistics  company,  such  as  a  shipping  line,  airport,  or  freight  forwarder,  or  within  the  logistics  department  of  a  company.  however,  as  mentioned  above,  logistics  is  a  broad  field,  encompassing  procurement,  production,  distribution,  and  disposal  activities.  hence,  career  perspectives  are  broad  as  well.a  new  trend  in  the  industry  are  the  4pl,  or  fourthparty  logistics,
__label__logisticstracking firms,  consulting  companies  offering  logistics  services.some  universities  and  academic  institutions  train  students  as  logisticians,  offering  undergraduate  and  postgraduate  programs.  a  university  with  a  primary  focus  on  logistics  is  khne  logistics  university  in  hamburg,  germany.  it  is  nonprofit  and  supported  by  khnefoundation  of  the  logistics  entrepreneur  klaus  michael  khne.the  chartered  institute  of  logistics  and  transport  cilt,  established  in  the  united  kingdom  in  1919,  received  a  royal  charter  in  1926.  the  chartered  institute  is  one  of  the  professional  bodies  or  institutions  for  the  logistics  and  transport  sectors  that  offers  professional  qualifications  or  degrees  in  logistics  management.  cilt  programs  can  be  studied  at
__label__logisticstracking centers  around  uk,  some  of  which  also  offer  distance  learning  options.  the  institute  also  have  overseas  branches  namely  the  chartered  institute  of  logistics  transport  australia  cilta  in  australia  and  chartered  institute  of  logistics  and  transport  in  hong  kong  cilthk  in  hong  kong.  in  the  uk,  logistics  management  programs  are  conducted  by  many  universities  and  professional  bodies  such  as  cilt.  these  programs  are  generally  offered  at  the  postgraduate  level.the  global  institute  of  logistics  established  in  new  york  in  2003  is  a  think  tank  for  the  profession  and  is  primarily  concerned  with  intercontinental  maritime  logistics.  it  is  particularly  concerned  with  container  logistics
__label__logisticstracking and  the  role  of  the  seaport  authority  in  the  maritime  logistics  chain.  the  institute  has  developed  a  community  of  over  8,500  logisticians  who  act  a  global  knowledge  network  committed  to  supporting  the  institutes  mission  of  contributing  to  the  resolution  of  legacy  challenges  in  global  logistics.  challenges  associated  with  the  traditional  approach  of  managing  single  transport  modes,  modal  systems  as  standalone  operations.  the  key  to  overcoming  these  legacy  challenges  is  for  the  individual  stakeholder  groups  within  the  logistics  chain  to  actively  engage  with  each  other.  the  promotion  of  this  agenda  is  the  institutes  work.the  international  association  of  public  health  logisticians  iaphl
__label__logisticstracking is  a  professional  network  that  promotes  the  professional  development  of  supply  chain  managers  and  others  working  in  the  field  of  public  health  logistics  and  commodity  security,  with  particular  focus  on  developing  countries.  the  association  supports  logisticians  worldwide  by  providing  a  community  of  practice,  where  members  can  network,  exchange  ideas,  and  improve  their  professional  skills.  logistics  museums  there  are  many  museums  in  the  world  which  cover  various  aspects  of  practical  logistics.  these  include  museums  of  transportation,  customs,  packing,  and  industrybased  logistics.  however,  only  the  following  museums  are  fully  dedicated  to  logistics:general  logistics:logistics  museum  saint  petersburg,  russiamuseum  of  logistics  tokyo,  japanbeijing  wuzi
__label__logisticstracking university  logistics  museum  beijing,  chinamilitary  logistics:royal  logistic  corps  museum  surrey,  england,  united  kingdomthe  canadian  forces  logistics  museum  montreal,  quebec,  canadamuseum  of  the  army  logistics  hanoi,  vietnam  see  also  references  further  reading  engels,  donald  w.  1980.  alexander  the  great  and  the  logistics  of  the  macedonian  army,  university  of  california  press  194  pages.  onlinehess,  earl  j.  civil  war  logistics:  a  study  of  military  transportation  2017  online  reviewhuston,  james  a.  1966.  the  sinews  of  war:  army  logistics,  17751953,  united  states  army  789  pages.  onlinehandfield,  r.b.,  straube,  f.,  pfohl,  h.c.  wieland,  a.,  trends  and  strategies  in  logistics  and  supply  chain  management:  embracing  global  logistics
__label__logisticstracking complexity  to  drive  market  advantage,  bvl  2013ronald  h.  ballou,  samir  k.  srivastava,  business  logistics:  supply  chain  management,  pearson  education,  2007donald  bowersox,  david  closs,  m.  bixby  cooper,  supply  chain  logistics  management,  mcgrawhill  2012m.  christopher:  logistics  supply  chain  management:  creating  valueadding  networks,  prentice  hall  2010.  onlinej.  v.  jones:  integrated  logistics  support  handbook,  mcgrawhill  logistics  series  2006b.  s.  blanchard:  logistics  engineering  and  management,  pearson  prentice  hall  2004r.g.  poluha:  the  quintessence  of  supply  chain  management:  what  you  really  need  to  know  to  manage  your  processes  in  procurement,  manufacturing,  warehousing  and  logistics  quintessence  series.  first  edition.  springer  heidelberg  new  york  dordrecht  london  2016.  isbn  9783662485132preclk
__label__logisticstracking packaging  is  the  science,  art  and  technology  of  enclosing  or  protecting  products  for  distribution,  storage,  sale,  and  use.  packaging  also  refers  to  the  process  of  designing,  evaluating,  and  producing  packages.  packaging  can  be  described  as  a  coordinated  system  of  preparing  goods  for  transport,  warehousing,  logistics,  sale,  and  end  use.  packaging  contains,  protects,  preserves,  transports,  informs,  and  sells.  in  many  countries  it  is  fully  integrated  into  government,  business,  institutional,  industrial,  and  personal  use.package  labeling  american  english  or  labelling  british  english  is  any  written,  electronic,  or  graphic  communication  on  the  package  or  on  a  separate  but  associated  label.  history  of  packaging  ancient
__label__logisticstracking era  the  first  packages  used  the  natural  materials  available  at  the  time:  baskets  of  reeds,  wineskins  bota  bags,  wooden  boxes,  pottery  vases,  ceramic  amphorae,  wooden  barrels,  woven  bags,  etc.  processed  materials  were  used  to  form  packages  as  they  were  developed:  for  example,  early  glass  and  bronze  vessels.  the  study  of  old  packages  is  an  important  aspect  of  archaeology.the  earliest  recorded  use  of  paper  for  packaging  dates  back  to  1035,  when  a  persian  traveler  visiting  markets  in  cairo,  arab  egypt,  noted  that  vegetables,  spices  and  hardware  were  wrapped  in  paper  for  the  customers  after  they  were  sold.  modern  era  tinning  the
__label__logisticstracking use  of  tinplate  for  packaging  dates  back  to  the  18th  century.  the  manufacturing  of  tinplate  was  the  monopoly  of  bohemia  for  a  long  time;  in  1667  andrew  yarranton,  an  english  engineer,  and  ambrose  crowley  brought  the  method  to  england  where  it  was  improved  by  ironmasters  including  philip  foley.  by  1697,  john  hanbury  had  a  rolling  mill  at  pontypool  for  making  pontypoole  plates.  the  method  pioneered  there  of  rolling  iron  plates  by  means  of  cylinders  enabled  more  uniform  black  plates  to  be  produced  than  was  possible  with  the  former  practice  of  hammering.tinplate  boxes  first  began  to  be  sold  from  ports  in
__label__logisticstracking the  bristol  channel  in  1725.  the  tinplate  was  shipped  from  newport,  monmouthshire.  by  1805,  80,000  boxes  were  made  and  50,000  exported.  tobacconists  in  london  began  packaging  snuff  in  metalplated  canisters  from  the  1760s  onwards.  canning  with  the  discovery  of  the  importance  of  airtight  containers  for  food  preservation  by  french  inventor  nicholas  appert,  the  tin  canning  process  was  patented  by  british  merchant  peter  durand  in  1810.  after  receiving  the  patent,  durand  did  not  himself  follow  up  with  canning  food.  he  sold  his  patent  in  1812  to  two  other  englishmen,  bryan  donkin  and  john  hall,  who  refined  the  process  and  product  and
__label__logisticstracking set  up  the  worlds  first  commercial  canning  factory  on  southwark  park  road,  london.  by  1813,  they  were  producing  the  first  canned  goods  for  the  royal  navy.the  progressive  improvement  in  canning  stimulated  the  1855  invention  of  the  can  opener.  robert  yeates,  a  cutlery  and  surgical  instrument  maker  of  trafalgar  place  west,  hackney  road,  middlesex,  uk,  devised  a  clawended  can  opener  with  a  handoperated  tool  that  haggled  its  way  around  the  top  of  metal  cans.  in  1858,  another  levertype  opener  of  a  more  complex  shape  was  patented  in  the  united  states  by  ezra  warner  of  waterbury,  connecticut.  paperbased  packaging  setup  boxes  were
__label__logisticstracking first  used  in  the  16th  century  and  modern  folding  cartons  date  back  to  1839.  the  first  corrugated  box  was  produced  commercially  in  1817  in  england.  corrugated  also  called  pleated  paper  received  a  british  patent  in  1856  and  was  used  as  a  liner  for  tall  hats.  scottishborn  robert  gair  invented  the  precut  paperboard  box  in  1890flat  pieces  manufactured  in  bulk  that  folded  into  boxes.  gairs  invention  came  about  as  a  result  of  an  accident:  as  a  brooklyn  printer  and  paperbag  maker  during  the  1870s,  he  was  once  printing  an  order  of  seed  bags,  and  the  metal  ruler,  normally  used  to  crease
__label__logisticstracking bags,  shifted  in  position  and  cut  them.  gair  discovered  that  by  cutting  and  creasing  in  one  operation  he  could  make  prefabricated  paperboard  boxes.commercial  paper  bags  were  first  manufactured  in  bristol,  england,  in  1844,  and  the  american  francis  wolle  patented  a  machine  for  automated  bagmaking  in  1852.  20th  century  packaging  advancements  in  the  early  20th  century  included  bakelite  closures  on  bottles,  transparent  cellophane  overwraps  and  panels  on  cartons.  these  innovations  increased  processing  efficiency  and  improved  food  safety.  as  additional  materials  such  as  aluminum  and  several  types  of  plastic  were  developed,  they  were  incorporated  into  packages  to  improve  performance  and  functionality.in  1952,
__label__logisticstracking michigan  state  university  became  the  first  university  in  the  world  to  offer  a  degree  in  packaging  engineering.inplant  recycling  has  long  been  common  for  producing  packaging  materials.  postconsumer  recycling  of  aluminum  and  paperbased  products  has  been  economical  for  many  years:  since  the  1980s,  postconsumer  recycling  has  increased  due  to  curbside  recycling,  consumer  awareness,  and  regulatory  pressure.many  prominent  innovations  in  the  packaging  industry  were  developed  first  for  military  use.  some  military  supplies  are  packaged  in  the  same  commercial  packaging  used  for  general  industry.  other  military  packaging  must  transport  materiel,  supplies,  foods,  etc.  under  severe  distribution  and  storage  conditions.  packaging  problems  encountered  in
__label__logisticstracking world  war  ii  led  to  military  standard  or  mil  spec  regulations  being  applied  to  packaging,  which  was  then  designated  military  specification  packaging.  as  a  prominent  concept  in  the  military,  mil  spec  packaging  officially  came  into  being  around  1941,  due  to  operations  in  iceland  experiencing  critical  losses,  ultimately  attributed  to  bad  packaging.  in  most  cases,  mil  spec  packaging  solutions  such  as  barrier  materials,  field  rations,  antistatic  bags,  and  various  shipping  crates  are  similar  to  commercial  grade  packaging  materials,  but  subject  to  more  stringent  performance  and  quality  requirements.as  of  2003,  the  packaging  sector  accounted  for  about  two  percent  of  the  gross  national
__label__logisticstracking product  in  developed  countries.  about  half  of  this  market  was  related  to  food  packaging.  the  purposes  of  packaging  and  package  labels  packaging  and  package  labeling  have  several  objectivesphysical  protection  the  objects  enclosed  in  the  package  may  require  protection  from,  among  other  things,  mechanical  shock,  vibration,  electrostatic  discharge,  compression,  temperature,  etc.barrier  protection  a  barrier  to  oxygen,  water  vapor,  dust,  etc.,  is  often  required.  permeation  is  a  critical  factor  in  design.  some  packages  contain  desiccants  or  oxygen  absorbers  to  help  extend  shelf  life.  modified  atmospheres  or  controlled  atmospheres  are  also  maintained  in  some  food  packages.  keeping  the  contents  clean,  fresh,  sterile  and
__label__logisticstracking safe  for  the  duration  of  the  intended  shelf  life  is  a  primary  function.  a  barrier  is  also  implemented  in  cases  where  segregation  of  two  materials  prior  to  end  use  is  required,  as  in  the  case  of  special  paints,  glues,  medical  fluids,  etc.containment  or  agglomeration  small  objects  are  typically  grouped  together  in  one  package  for  reasons  of  storage  and  selling  efficiency.  for  example,  a  single  box  of  1000  pencils  requires  less  physical  handling  than  1000  single  pencils.  liquids,  powders,  and  granular  materials  need  containment.information  transmission  packages  and  labels  communicate  how  to  use,  transport,  recycle,  or  dispose  of  the  package  or  product.
__label__logisticstracking with  pharmaceuticals,  food,  medical,  and  chemical  products,  some  types  of  information  are  required  by  government  legislation.  some  packages  and  labels  also  are  used  for  track  and  trace  purposes.  most  items  include  their  serial  and  lot  numbers  on  the  packaging,  and  in  the  case  of  food  products,  medicine,  and  some  chemicals  the  packaging  often  contains  an  expiry/bestbefore  date,  usually  in  a  shorthand  form.  packages  may  indicate  their  construction  material  with  a  symbol.marketing  packaging  and  labels  can  be  used  by  marketers  to  encourage  potential  buyers  to  purchase  a  product.  package  graphic  design  and  physical  design  have  been  important  and  constantly  evolving  phenomena
__label__logisticstracking for  several  decades.  marketing  communications  and  graphic  design  are  applied  to  the  surface  of  the  package  and  often  to  the  point  of  sale  display.  most  packaging  is  designed  to  reflect  the  brands  message  and  identity  on  the  one  hand  while  highlighting  the  respective  product  concept  on  the  other  hand.security  packaging  can  play  an  important  role  in  reducing  the  security  risks  of  shipment.  packages  can  be  made  with  improved  tamper  resistance  to  deter  manipulation  and  they  can  also  have  tamperevident  features  indicating  that  tampering  has  taken  place.  packages  can  be  engineered  to  help  reduce  the  risks  of  package  pilferage  or  the
__label__logisticstracking theft  and  resale  of  products:  some  package  constructions  are  more  resistant  to  pilferage  than  other  types,  and  some  have  pilferindicating  seals.  counterfeit  consumer  goods,  unauthorized  sales  diversion,  material  substitution  and  tampering  can  all  be  minimized  or  prevented  with  such  anticounterfeiting  technologies.  packages  may  include  authentication  seals  and  use  security  printing  to  help  indicate  that  the  package  and  contents  are  not  counterfeit.  packages  also  can  include  antitheft  devices  such  as  dyepacks,  rfid  tags,  or  electronic  article  surveillance  tags  that  can  be  activated  or  detected  by  devices  at  exit  points  and  require  specialized  tools  to  deactivate.  using  packaging  in  this  way  is
__label__logisticstracking a  means  of  retail  loss  prevention.convenience  packages  can  have  features  that  add  convenience  in  distribution,  handling,  stacking,  display,  sale,  opening,  reclosing,  using,  dispensing,  reusing,  recycling,  and  ease  of  disposalportion  control  single  serving  or  single  dosage  packaging  has  a  precise  amount  of  contents  to  control  usage.  bulk  commodities  such  as  salt  can  be  divided  into  packages  that  are  a  more  suitable  size  for  individual  households.  it  also  aids  the  control  of  inventory:  selling  sealed  oneliter  bottles  of  milk,  rather  than  having  people  bring  their  own  bottles  to  fill  themselves.branding/positioning  packaging  and  labels  are  increasingly  used  to  go  beyond  marketing  to  brand
__label__logisticstracking positioning,  with  the  materials  used  and  design  chosen  key  to  the  storytelling  element  of  brand  development.  due  to  the  increasingly  fragmented  media  landscape  in  the  digital  age  this  aspect  of  packaging  is  of  growing  importance.  packaging  types  packaging  may  be  of  several  different  types.  for  example,  a  transport  package  or  distribution  package  can  be  the  shipping  container  used  to  ship,  store,  and  handle  the  product  or  inner  packages.  some  identify  a  consumer  package  as  one  which  is  directed  toward  a  consumer  or  household.packaging  may  be  described  in  relation  to  the  type  of  product  being  packaged:  medical  device  packaging,  bulk  chemical
__label__logisticstracking packaging,  overthecounter  drug  packaging,  retail  food  packaging,  military  materiel  packaging,  pharmaceutical  packaging,  etc.it  is  sometimes  convenient  to  categorize  packages  by  layer  or  function:  primary,  secondary,  etc.primary  packaging  is  the  material  that  first  envelops  the  product  and  holds  it.  this  usually  is  the  smallest  unit  of  distribution  or  use  and  is  the  package  which  is  in  direct  contact  with  the  contents.secondary  packaging  is  outside  the  primary  packaging,  and  may  be  used  to  prevent  pilferage  or  to  group  primary  packages  together.tertiary  or  transit  packaging  is  used  for  bulk  handling,  warehouse  storage  and  transport  shipping.  the  most  common  form  is  a  palletized  unit
__label__logisticstracking load  that  packs  tightly  into  containers.these  broad  categories  can  be  somewhat  arbitrary.  for  example,  depending  on  the  use,  a  shrink  wrap  can  be  primary  packaging  when  applied  directly  to  the  product,  secondary  packaging  when  used  to  combine  smaller  packages,  or  tertiary  packaging  when  used  to  facilitate  some  types  of  distribution,  such  as  to  affix  a  number  of  cartons  on  a  pallet.packaging  can  also  have  categories  based  on  the  package  form.  for  example,  thermoform  packaging  and  flexible  packaging  describe  broad  usage  areas.  symbols  used  on  packages  and  labels  many  types  of  symbols  for  package  labeling  are  nationally  and  internationally  standardized.  for
__label__logisticstracking consumer  packaging,  symbols  exist  for  product  certifications  such  as  the  fcc  and  tv  marks,  trademarks,  proof  of  purchase,  etc.  some  requirements  and  symbols  exist  to  communicate  aspects  of  consumer  rights  and  safety,  for  example  the  ce  marking  or  the  estimated  sign  that  notes  conformance  to  eu  weights  and  measures  accuracy  regulations.  examples  of  environmental  and  recycling  symbols  include  the  recycling  symbol,  the  recycling  code  which  could  be  a  resin  identification  code,  and  the  green  dot.  food  packaging  may  show  food  contact  material  symbols.  in  the  european  union,  products  of  animal  origin  which  are  intended  to  be  consumed  by  humans  have
__label__logisticstracking to  carry  standard,  ovalshaped  ec  identification  and  health  marks  for  food  safety  and  quality  insurance  reasons.bar  codes,  universal  product  codes,  and  rfid  labels  are  common  to  allow  automated  information  management  in  logistics  and  retailing.  countryoforigin  labeling  is  often  used.  some  products  might  use  qr  codes  or  similar  matrix  barcodes.  packaging  may  have  visible  registration  marks  and  other  printing  calibration  and  troubleshooting  cues.  shipping  container  labeling  technologies  related  to  shipping  containers  are  identification  codes,  bar  codes,  and  electronic  data  interchange  edi.  these  three  core  technologies  serve  to  enable  the  business  functions  in  the  process  of  shipping  containers  throughout  the  distribution  channel.
__label__logisticstracking each  has  an  essential  function:  identification  codes  either  relate  product  information  or  serve  as  keys  to  other  data,  bar  codes  allow  for  the  automated  input  of  identification  codes  and  other  data,  and  edi  moves  data  between  trading  partners  within  the  distribution  channel.elements  of  these  core  technologies  include  upc  and  ean  item  identification  codes,  the  scc14  upc  shipping  container  code,  the  sscc18  serial  shipping  container  codes,  interleaved  2of5  and  ucc/ean128  newly  designated  gs1128  bar  code  symbologies,  and  ansi  asc  x12  and  un/edifact  edi  standards.small  parcel  carriers  often  have  their  own  formats.  for  example,  united  parcel  service  has  a  maxicode  2d  code
__label__logisticstracking for  parcel  tracking.rfid  labels  for  shipping  containers  are  also  increasingly  used.  a  walmart  division,  sams  club,  has  also  moved  in  this  direction  and  is  putting  pressure  on  its  suppliers  to  comply.shipments  of  hazardous  materials  or  dangerous  goods  have  special  information  and  symbols  labels,  placards,  etc.  as  required  by  un,  country,  and  specific  carrier  requirements.  on  transport  packages,  standardized  symbols  are  also  used  to  communicate  handling  needs.  some  are  defined  in  the  astm  d5445  standard  practice  for  pictorial  markings  for  handling  of  goods  and  iso  780  pictorial  marking  for  handling  of  goods.  package  development  considerations  package  design  and  development  are  often
__label__logisticstracking thought  of  as  an  integral  part  of  the  new  product  development  process.  alternatively,  development  of  a  package  or  component  can  be  a  separate  process,  but  must  be  linked  closely  with  the  product  to  be  packaged.package  design  starts  with  the  identification  of  all  the  requirements:  structural  design,  marketing,  shelf  life,  quality  assurance,  logistics,  legal,  regulatory,  graphic  design,  enduse,  environmental,  etc.  the  design  criteria,  performance  specified  by  package  testing,  completion  time  targets,  resources,  and  cost  constraints  need  to  be  established  and  agreed  upon.  package  design  processes  often  employ  rapid  prototyping,  computeraided  design,  computeraided  manufacturing  and  document  automation.an  example  of  how  package  design
__label__logisticstracking is  affected  by  other  factors  is  its  relationship  to  logistics.  when  the  distribution  system  includes  individual  shipments  by  a  small  parcel  carrier,  the  sorting,  handling,  and  mixed  stacking  make  severe  demands  on  the  strength  and  protective  ability  of  the  transport  package.  if  the  logistics  system  consists  of  uniform  palletized  unit  loads,  the  structural  design  of  the  package  can  be  designed  to  meet  those  specific  needs,  such  as  vertical  stacking  for  a  longer  time  frame.  a  package  designed  for  one  mode  of  shipment  may  not  be  suited  to  another.with  some  types  of  products,  the  design  process  involves  detailed  regulatory  requirements  for
__label__logisticstracking the  packaging.  for  example,  any  package  components  that  may  contact  foods  are  designated  food  contact  materials.toxicologists  and  food  scientists  need  to  verify  that  such  packaging  materials  are  allowed  by  applicable  regulations.  packaging  engineers  need  to  verify  that  the  completed  package  will  keep  the  product  safe  for  its  intended  shelf  life  with  normal  usage.  packaging  processes,  labeling,  distribution,  and  sale  need  to  be  validated  to  assure  that  they  comply  with  regulations  that  have  the  well  being  of  the  consumer  in  mind.sometimes  the  objectives  of  package  development  seem  contradictory.  for  example,  regulations  for  an  overthecounter  drug  might  require  the  package  to  be
__label__logisticstracking tamperevident  and  child  resistant:  these  intentionally  make  the  package  difficult  to  open.  the  intended  consumer,  however,  might  be  handicapped  or  elderly  and  unable  to  readily  open  the  package.  meeting  all  goals  is  a  challenge.package  design  may  take  place  within  a  company  or  with  various  degrees  of  external  packaging  engineering:  independent  contractors,  consultants,  vendor  evaluations,  independent  laboratories,  contract  packagers,  total  outsourcing,  etc.  some  sort  of  formal  project  planning  and  project  management  methodology  is  required  for  all  but  the  simplest  package  design  and  development  programs.  an  effective  quality  management  system  and  verification  and  validation  protocols  are  mandatory  for  some  types  of  packaging
__label__logisticstracking and  recommended  for  all.  environmental  considerations  package  development  involves  considerations  of  sustainability,  environmental  responsibility,  and  applicable  environmental  and  recycling  regulations.  it  may  involve  a  life  cycle  assessmentwhich  considers  the  material  and  energy  inputs  and  outputs  to  the  package,  the  packaged  product  contents,  the  packaging  process,  the  logistics  system,  waste  management,  etc.  it  is  necessary  to  know  the  relevant  regulatory  requirements  for  point  of  manufacture,  sale,  and  use.the  traditional  three  rs  of  reduce,  reuse,  and  recycle  are  part  of  a  waste  hierarchy  which  may  be  considered  in  product  and  package  development.prevention  waste  prevention  is  a  primary  goal.  packaging  should  be  used
__label__logisticstracking only  where  needed.  proper  packaging  can  also  help  prevent  waste.  packaging  plays  an  important  part  in  preventing  loss  or  damage  to  the  packaged  product  contents.  usually,  the  energy  content  and  material  usage  of  the  product  being  packaged  are  much  greater  than  that  of  the  package.  a  vital  function  of  the  package  is  to  protect  the  product  for  its  intended  use:  if  the  product  is  damaged  or  degraded,  its  entire  energy  and  material  content  may  be  lost.minimization  also  source  reduction  the  mass  and  volume  of  packaging  per  unit  of  contents  can  be  measured  and  used  as  criteria  for  minimizing  the  package
__label__logisticstracking in  the  design  process.  usually  reduced  packaging  also  helps  minimize  costs.  packaging  engineers  continue  to  work  toward  reduced  packaging.reuse  reusable  packaging  is  encouraged.  returnable  packaging  has  long  been  useful  and  economically  viable  for  closed  loop  logistics  systems.  inspection,  cleaning,  repair  and  recouperage  are  often  needed.  some  manufacturers  reuse  the  packaging  of  the  incoming  parts  for  a  product,  either  as  packaging  for  the  outgoing  product  or  as  part  of  the  product  itself.recycling  recycling  is  the  reprocessing  of  materials  pre  and  postconsumer  into  new  products.  emphasis  is  focused  on  recycling  the  largest  primary  components  of  a  package:  steel,  aluminum,  papers,  plastics,  etc.
__label__logisticstracking small  components  can  be  chosen  which  are  not  difficult  to  separate  and  do  not  contaminate  recycling  operations.  packages  can  sometimes  be  designed  to  separate  components  to  better  facilitate  recycling.energy  recovery  wastetoenergy  and  refusederived  fuel  in  approved  facilities  make  use  of  the  heat  available  from  incinerating  the  packaging  components.disposal  incineration,  and  placement  in  a  sanitary  landfill  are  undertaken  for  some  materials.  certain  us  states  regulate  packages  for  toxic  contents,  which  have  the  potential  to  contaminate  emissions  and  ash  from  incineration  and  leachate  from  landfill.  packages  should  not  be  littered.development  of  sustainable  packaging  is  an  area  of  considerable  interest  to  standards  organizations,
__label__logisticstracking governments,  consumers,  packagers,  and  retailers.sustainability  is  the  fastestgrowing  driver  for  packaging  development,  particularly  for  packaging  manufacturers  that  work  with  the  worlds  leading  brands,  as  their  csr  corporate  social  responsibility  targets  often  exceed  those  of  the  eu  directive.  packaging  machinery  choosing  packaging  machinery  includes  an  assessment  of  technical  capabilities,  labor  requirements,  worker  safety,  maintainability,  serviceability,  reliability,  ability  to  integrate  into  the  packaging  line,  capital  cost,  floorspace,  flexibility  changeover,  materials,  multiple  products,  etc.,  energy  requirements,  quality  of  outgoing  packages,  qualifications  for  food,  pharmaceuticals,  etc.,  throughput,  efficiency,  productivity,  ergonomics,  return  on  investment,  etc.packaging  machinery  can  be:purchased  as  standard,  offtheshelf  equipmentpurchased  custommade  or  customtailored
__label__logisticstracking to  specific  operationsmanufactured  or  modified  by  inhouse  engineers  and  maintenance  staffefforts  at  packaging  line  automation  increasingly  use  programmable  logic  controllers  and  robotics.packaging  machines  may  be  of  the  following  general  types:accumulating  and  collating  machinesblister  packs,  skin  packs  and  vacuum  packaging  machinesbottle  caps  equipment,  overcapping,  lidding,  closing,  seaming  and  sealing  machinesbox,  case,  tray,  and  carrier  forming,  packing,  unpacking,  closing,  and  sealing  machinescartoning  machinescleaning,  sterilizing,  cooling  and  drying  machinescoding,  printing,  marking,  stamping,  and  imprinting  machinesconverting  machinesconveyor  belts,  accumulating  and  related  machinesfeeding,  orienting,  placing  and  related  machinesfilling  machines:  handling  dry,  powdered,  solid,  liquid,  gas,  or  viscous  productsinspecting:  visual,  sound,  metal  detecting,  etc.label  dispenserorienting,  unscrambling
__label__logisticstracking machinespackage  filling  and  closing  machinespalletizing,  depalletizing,  unit  load  assemblyproduct  identification:  labeling,  marking,  etc.sealing  machines:  heat  sealer  or  glue  unitsslitting  machinesweighing  machines:  check  weigher,  multihead  weigherwrapping  machines:  stretch  wrapping,  shrink  wrap,  bandingform,  fill  and  seal  machinesother  specialty  machinery:  slitters,  perforating,  laser  cutters,  parts  attachment,  etc.  see  also  brazilian  packaging  marketdocument  automationinmould  labellingpacking  problemspackage  cushioningpolypropylene  raffiaresealable  packaginggift  wrappingzerowaste  lifestyle  references  books,  general  references  yam,  k.l.,  encyclopedia  of  packaging  technology,  john  wiley  sons,  2009,  isbn  9780470087046soroka,  w,  illustrated  glossary  of  packaging  terminology  institute  of  packaging  professionals,  1  further  reading  calver,  g.,  what  is  packaging  design,  rotovision.  2004,  isbn  2880466180.dean,  d.a.,  pharmaceutical  packaging  technology,
__label__logisticstracking 2000,  isbn  0748404406fiedler,  r.m.,  distribution  packaging  technology,  iopp,  1995holkham,  t.,  label  writing  and  planning  a  guide  to  good  customer  communication,  chapman  hall  1995,  isbn  075140361xjankowski,  j.,  shelf  space:  modern  package  design,  19451965,  chronicle  books.  1988  isbn  0811817849.leonard,  e.a.  1996,  packaging,  marcel  dekker.  isbn  0824797558.lockhart,  h.,  and  paine,  f.a.,  packaging  of  pharmaceuticals  and  healthcare  products,  1996,  blackie,  isbn  0751401676meisner,  transport  packaging,  third  edition,  iopp,  2016morris,  s.a.,  food  and  package  engineering,  2011,  isbn  9780813814797opie,  r.,  packaging  source  book,  1991,  isbn  1555215114,  isbn  9781555215118pilchik,  r.,  validating  medical  packaging  2002,  isbn  1566768071robertson,  g.l.,  food  packaging:  principles  and  practice,  3rd  edition,  2013,  isbn  9781439862414selke,  s.,
__label__logisticstracking inventory  american  english  or  stock  british  english  is  the  goods  and  materials  that  a  business  holds  for  the  ultimate  goal  of  resale  or  repair.inventory  management  is  a  discipline  primarily  about  specifying  the  shape  and  placement  of  stocked  goods.  it  is  required  at  different  locations  within  a  facility  or  within  many  locations  of  a  supply  network  to  precede  the  regular  and  planned  course  of  production  and  stock  of  materials.the  concept  of  inventory,  stock  or  workinprocess  has  been  extended  from  manufacturing  systems  to  service  businesses  and  projects,  by  generalizing  the  definition  to  be  all  work  within  the  process  of  production  all  work
__label__logisticstracking that  is  or  has  occurred  prior  to  the  completion  of  production.  in  the  context  of  a  manufacturing  production  system,  inventory  refers  to  all  work  that  has  occurred  raw  materials,  partially  finished  products,  finished  products  prior  to  sale  and  departure  from  the  manufacturing  system.  in  the  context  of  services,  inventory  refers  to  all  work  done  prior  to  sale,  including  partially  process  information.  definition  the  scope  of  inventory  management  concerns  the  balance  between  replenishment  lead  time,  carrying  costs  of  inventory,  asset  management,  inventory  forecasting,  inventory  valuation,  inventory  visibility,  future  inventory  price  forecasting,  physical  inventory,  available  physical  space,  quality  management,  replenishment,  returns  and
__label__logisticstracking defective  goods,  and  demand  forecasting.  balancing  these  competing  requirements  leads  to  optimal  inventory  levels,  which  is  an  ongoing  process  as  the  business  needs  shift  and  react  to  the  wider  environment.inventory  management  involves  a  retailer  seeking  to  acquire  and  maintain  a  proper  merchandise  assortment  while  ordering,  shipping,  handling  and  related  costs  are  kept  in  check.  it  also  involves  systems  and  processes  that  identify  inventory  requirements,  set  targets,  provide  replenishment  techniques,  report  actual  and  projected  inventory  status  and  handle  all  functions  related  to  the  tracking  and  management  of  material.  this  would  include  the  monitoring  of  material  moved  into  and  out  of  stockroom
__label__logisticstracking locations  and  the  reconciling  of  the  inventory  balances.  it  also  may  include  abc  analysis,  lot  tracking,  cycle  counting  support,  etc.  management  of  the  inventories,  with  the  primary  objective  of  determining/controlling  stock  levels  within  the  physical  distribution  system,  functions  to  balance  the  need  for  product  availability  against  the  need  for  minimizing  stock  holding  and  handling  costs.  business  inventory  reasons  for  keeping  stock  there  are  five  basic  reasons  for  keeping  an  inventorytime  the  time  lags  present  in  the  supply  chain,  from  supplier  to  user  at  every  stage,  requires  that  you  maintain  certain  amounts  of  inventory  to  use  in  this  lead  time.  however,
__label__logisticstracking in  practice,  inventory  is  to  be  maintained  for  consumption  during  variations  in  lead  time.  lead  time  itself  can  be  addressed  by  ordering  that  many  days  in  advance.seasonal  demand:  demands  varies  periodically,  but  producers  capacity  is  fixed.  this  can  lead  to  stock  accumulation,  consider  for  example  how  goods  consumed  only  in  holidays  can  lead  to  accumulation  of  large  stocks  on  the  anticipation  of  future  consumption.uncertainty  inventories  are  maintained  as  buffers  to  meet  uncertainties  in  demand,  supply  and  movements  of  goods.economies  of  scale  ideal  condition  of  one  unit  at  a  time  at  a  place  where  a  user  needs  it,  when  he  needs
__label__logisticstracking it  principle  tends  to  incur  lots  of  costs  in  terms  of  logistics.  so  bulk  buying,  movement  and  storing  brings  in  economies  of  scale,  thus  inventory.appreciation  in  value  in  some  situations,  some  stock  gains  the  required  value  when  it  is  kept  for  some  time  to  allow  it  reach  the  desired  standard  for  consumption,  or  for  production.  for  example;  beer  in  the  brewing  industryall  these  stock  reasons  can  apply  to  any  owner  or  product.  special  terms  used  in  dealing  with  inventory  management  stock  keeping  unit  sku  skus  are  clear,  internal  identification  numbers  assigned  to  each  of  the  products  and  their  variants.  skus
__label__logisticstracking can  be  any  combination  of  letters  and  numbers  chosen,  just  as  long  as  the  system  is  consistent  and  used  for  all  the  products  in  the  inventory.stockout  means  running  out  of  the  inventory  of  an  sku.new  old  stock  sometimes  abbreviated  nos  is  a  term  used  in  business  to  refer  to  merchandise  being  offered  for  sale  that  was  manufactured  long  ago  but  that  has  never  been  used.  such  merchandise  may  not  be  produced  anymore,  and  the  new  old  stock  may  represent  the  only  market  source  of  a  particular  item  at  the  present  time.  typology  buffer/safety  stockreorder  levelcycle  stock  used  in  batch  processes,
__label__logisticstracking it  is  the  available  inventory,  excluding  buffer  stockdecoupling  buffer  stock  held  between  the  machines  in  a  single  process  which  serves  as  a  buffer  for  the  next  one  allowing  smooth  flow  of  work  instead  of  waiting  the  previous  or  next  machine  in  the  same  processanticipation  stock  building  up  extra  stock  for  periods  of  increased  demand  e.g.  ice  cream  for  summerpipeline  stock  goods  still  in  transit  or  in  the  process  of  distribution  have  left  the  factory  but  not  arrived  at  the  customer  yetaverage  daily/weekly  usage  quantity  x  lead  time  in  days  safety  stock  inventory  examples  while  accountants  often  discuss  inventory  in  terms
__label__logisticstracking of  goods  for  sale,  organizations  manufacturers,  serviceproviders  and  notforprofits  also  have  inventories  fixtures,  furniture,  supplies,  etc.  that  they  do  not  intend  to  sell.  manufacturers,  distributors,  and  wholesalers  inventory  tends  to  cluster  in  warehouses.  retailers  inventory  may  exist  in  a  warehouse  or  in  a  shop  or  store  accessible  to  customers.  inventories  not  intended  for  sale  to  customers  or  to  clients  may  be  held  in  any  premises  an  organization  uses.  stock  ties  up  cash  and,  if  uncontrolled,  it  will  be  impossible  to  know  the  actual  level  of  stocks  and  therefore  difficult  to  keep  the  costs  associated  with  holding  too  much  or  too
__label__logisticstracking little  inventory  under  control.while  the  reasons  for  holding  stock  were  covered  earlier,  most  manufacturing  organizations  usually  divide  their  goods  for  sale  inventory  into:raw  materials  materials  and  components  scheduled  for  use  in  making  a  product.work  in  process,  wip  materials  and  components  that  have  begun  their  transformation  to  finished  goods.  these  are  used  in  process  of  manufacture  and  as  such  these  are  neither  raw  material  nor  finished  goods.  finished  goods  goods  ready  for  sale  to  customers.goods  for  resale  returned  goods  that  are  salable.stocks  in  transit.consignment  stocks.maintenance  supply.for  example:  manufacturing  a  canned  food  manufacturers  materials  inventory  includes  the  ingredients  to  form  the  foods
__label__logisticstracking to  be  canned,  empty  cans  and  their  lids  or  coils  of  steel  or  aluminum  for  constructing  those  components,  labels,  and  anything  else  solder,  glue,  etc.  that  will  form  part  of  a  finished  can.  the  firms  work  in  process  includes  those  materials  from  the  time  of  release  to  the  work  floor  until  they  become  complete  and  ready  for  sale  to  wholesale  or  retail  customers.  this  may  be  vats  of  prepared  food,  filled  cans  not  yet  labeled  or  subassemblies  of  food  components.  it  may  also  include  finished  cans  that  are  not  yet  packaged  into  cartons  or  pallets.  its  finished  good  inventory  consists
__label__logisticstracking of  all  the  filled  and  labeled  cans  of  food  in  its  warehouse  that  it  has  manufactured  and  wishes  to  sell  to  food  distributors  wholesalers,  to  grocery  stores  retailers,  and  even  perhaps  to  consumers  through  arrangements  like  factory  stores  and  outlet  centers.  capital  projects  the  partially  completed  work  or  work  in  process  is  a  measure  of  inventory  built  during  the  work  execution  of  a  capital  project,  such  as  encountered  in  civilian  infrastructure  construction  or  oil  and  gas.  inventory  may  not  only  reflect  physical  items  such  as  materials,  parts,  partiallyfinished  subassemblies  but  also  knowledge  workinprocess  such  as  partially  completed  engineering  designs  of
__label__logisticstracking components  and  assemblies  to  be  fabricated.  virtual  inventory  a  virtual  inventory  also  known  as  a  bank  inventory  enables  a  group  of  users  to  share  common  parts,  especially  where  their  availability  at  short  notice  may  be  critical  but  they  are  unlikely  to  required  by  more  than  a  few  bank  members  at  any  one  time.  virtual  inventory  also  allows  distributors  and  fulfilment  houses  to  ship  goods  to  retailers  direct  from  stock  regardless  of  whether  the  stock  is  held  in  a  retail  store,  stock  room  or  warehouse.  costs  associated  with  inventory  there  are  several  costs  associated  with  inventory:ordering  costsetup  costholding  costshortage  cost  principle
__label__logisticstracking of  inventory  proportionality  purpose  inventory  proportionality  is  the  goal  of  demanddriven  inventory  management.  the  primary  optimal  outcome  is  to  have  the  same  number  of  days  or  hours,  etc.  worth  of  inventory  on  hand  across  all  products  so  that  the  time  of  runout  of  all  products  would  be  simultaneous.  in  such  a  case,  there  is  no  excess  inventory,  that  is,  inventory  that  would  be  left  over  of  another  product  when  the  first  product  runs  out.  excess  inventory  is  suboptimal  because  the  money  spent  to  obtain  it  could  have  been  utilized  better  elsewhere,  i.e.  to  the  product  that  just  ran  out.the  secondary
__label__logisticstracking goal  of  inventory  proportionality  is  inventory  minimization.  by  integrating  accurate  demand  forecasting  with  inventory  management,  rather  than  only  looking  at  past  averages,  a  much  more  accurate  and  optimal  outcome  is  expected.integrating  demand  forecasting  into  inventory  management  in  this  way  also  allows  for  the  prediction  of  the  can  fit  point  when  inventory  storage  is  limited  on  a  perproduct  basis.  applications  the  technique  of  inventory  proportionality  is  most  appropriate  for  inventories  that  remain  unseen  by  the  consumer,  as  opposed  to  keep  full  systems  where  a  retail  consumer  would  like  to  see  full  shelves  of  the  product  they  are  buying  so  as  not
__label__logisticstracking to  think  they  are  buying  something  old,  unwanted  or  stale;  and  differentiated  from  the  trigger  point  systems  where  product  is  reordered  when  it  hits  a  certain  level;  inventory  proportionality  is  used  effectively  by  justintime  manufacturing  processes  and  retail  applications  where  the  product  is  hidden  from  view.one  early  example  of  inventory  proportionality  used  in  a  retail  application  in  the  united  states  was  for  motor  fuel.  motor  fuel  e.g.  gasoline  is  generally  stored  in  underground  storage  tanks.  the  motorists  do  not  know  whether  they  are  buying  gasoline  off  the  top  or  bottom  of  the  tank,  nor  need  they  care.  additionally,  these  storage
__label__logisticstracking tanks  have  a  maximum  capacity  and  cannot  be  overfilled.  finally,  the  product  is  expensive.  inventory  proportionality  is  used  to  balance  the  inventories  of  the  different  grades  of  motor  fuel,  each  stored  in  dedicated  tanks,  in  proportion  to  the  sales  of  each  grade.  excess  inventory  is  not  seen  or  valued  by  the  consumer,  so  it  is  simply  cash  sunk  literally  into  the  ground.  inventory  proportionality  minimizes  the  amount  of  excess  inventory  carried  in  underground  storage  tanks.  this  application  for  motor  fuel  was  first  developed  and  implemented  by  petrolsoft  corporation  in  1990  for  chevron  products  company.  most  major  oil  companies  use  such
__label__logisticstracking systems  today.  roots  the  use  of  inventory  proportionality  in  the  united  states  is  thought  to  have  been  inspired  by  japanese  justintime  parts  inventory  management  made  famous  by  toyota  motors  in  the  1980s.  highlevel  inventory  management  it  seems  that  around  1880  there  was  a  change  in  manufacturing  practice  from  companies  with  relatively  homogeneous  lines  of  products  to  horizontally  integrated  companies  with  unprecedented  diversity  in  processes  and  products.  those  companies  especially  in  metalworking  attempted  to  achieve  success  through  economies  of  scope  the  gains  of  jointly  producing  two  or  more  products  in  one  facility.  the  managers  now  needed  information  on  the  effect  of
__label__logisticstracking productmix  decisions  on  overall  profits  and  therefore  needed  accurate  productcost  information.  a  variety  of  attempts  to  achieve  this  were  unsuccessful  due  to  the  huge  overhead  of  the  information  processing  of  the  time.  however,  the  burgeoning  need  for  financial  reporting  after  1900  created  unavoidable  pressure  for  financial  accounting  of  stock  and  the  management  need  to  cost  manage  products  became  overshadowed.  in  particular,  it  was  the  need  for  audited  accounts  that  sealed  the  fate  of  managerial  cost  accounting.  the  dominance  of  financial  reporting  accounting  over  management  accounting  remains  to  this  day  with  few  exceptions,  and  the  financial  reporting  definitions  of  cost  have
__label__logisticstracking distorted  effective  management  cost  accounting  since  that  time.  this  is  particularly  true  of  inventory.hence,  highlevel  financial  inventory  has  these  two  basic  formulas,  which  relate  to  the  accounting  period:cost  of  beginning  inventory  at  the  start  of  the  period  inventory  purchases  within  the  period  cost  of  production  within  the  period  cost  of  goods  availablecost  of  goods  available  cost  of  ending  inventory  at  the  end  of  the  period  cost  of  goods  soldthe  benefit  of  these  formulas  is  that  the  first  absorbs  all  overheads  of  production  and  raw  material  costs  into  a  value  of  inventory  for  reporting.  the  second  formula  then  creates  the  new
__label__logisticstracking start  point  for  the  next  period  and  gives  a  figure  to  be  subtracted  from  the  sales  price  to  determine  some  form  of  salesmargin  figure.manufacturing  management  is  more  interested  in  inventory  turnover  ratio  or  average  days  to  sell  inventory  since  it  tells  them  something  about  relative  inventory  levels.inventory  turnover  ratio  also  known  as  inventory  turns  cost  of  goods  sold  /  average  inventory  cost  of  goods  sold  /  beginning  inventory  ending  inventory  /  2and  its  inverseaverage  days  to  sell  inventory  number  of  days  a  year  /  inventory  turnover  ratio  365  days  a  year  /  inventory  turnover  ratiothis  ratio  estimates  how  many  times
__label__logisticstracking the  inventory  turns  over  a  year.  this  number  tells  how  much  cash/goods  are  tied  up  waiting  for  the  process  and  is  a  critical  measure  of  process  reliability  and  effectiveness.  so  a  factory  with  two  inventory  turns  has  six  months  stock  on  hand,  which  is  generally  not  a  good  figure  depending  upon  the  industry,  whereas  a  factory  that  moves  from  six  turns  to  twelve  turns  has  probably  improved  effectiveness  by  100.  this  improvement  will  have  some  negative  results  in  the  financial  reporting,  since  the  value  now  stored  in  the  factory  as  inventory  is  reduced.while  these  accounting  measures  of  inventory  are  very
__label__logisticstracking useful  because  of  their  simplicity,  they  are  also  fraught  with  the  danger  of  their  own  assumptions.  there  are,  in  fact,  so  many  things  that  can  vary  hidden  under  this  appearance  of  simplicity  that  a  variety  of  adjusting  assumptions  may  be  used.  these  include:specific  identificationlower  of  cost  or  marketweighted  average  costmovingaverage  costfifo  and  lifo.queueing  theory.  inventory  turn  is  a  financial  accounting  tool  for  evaluating  inventory  and  it  is  not  necessarily  a  management  tool.  inventory  management  should  be  forward  looking.  the  methodology  applied  is  based  on  historical  cost  of  goods  sold.  the  ratio  may  not  be  able  to  reflect  the  usability  of
__label__logisticstracking future  production  demand,  as  well  as  customer  demand.business  models,  including  just  in  time  jit  inventory,  vendor  managed  inventory  vmi  and  customer  managed  inventory  cmi,  attempt  to  minimize  onhand  inventory  and  increase  inventory  turns.  vmi  and  cmi  have  gained  considerable  attention  due  to  the  success  of  thirdparty  vendors  who  offer  added  expertise  and  knowledge  that  organizations  may  not  possess.inventory  management  in  modern  days  is  online  oriented  and  more  viable  in  digital.  this  type  of  dynamics  order  management  will  require  endtoend  visibility,  collaboration  across  fulfillment  processes,  realtime  data  automation  among  different  companies,  and  integration  among  multiple  systems.  accounting  for  inventory  each  country
__label__logisticstracking has  its  own  rules  about  accounting  for  inventory  that  fit  with  their  financialreporting  rules.for  example,  organizations  in  the  u.s.  define  inventory  to  suit  their  needs  within  us  generally  accepted  accounting  practices  gaap,  the  rules  defined  by  the  financial  accounting  standards  board  fasb  and  others  and  enforced  by  the  u.s.  securities  and  exchange  commission  sec  and  other  federal  and  state  agencies.  other  countries  often  have  similar  arrangements  but  with  their  own  accounting  standards  and  national  agencies  instead.it  is  intentional  that  financial  accounting  uses  standards  that  allow  the  public  to  compare  firms  performance,  cost  accounting  functions  internally  to  an  organization  and  potentially
__label__logisticstracking with  much  greater  flexibility.  a  discussion  of  inventory  from  standard  and  theory  of  constraintsbased  throughput  cost  accounting  perspective  follows  some  examples  and  a  discussion  of  inventory  from  a  financial  accounting  perspective.the  internal  costing/valuation  of  inventory  can  be  complex.  whereas  in  the  past  most  enterprises  ran  simple,  oneprocess  factories,  such  enterprises  are  quite  probably  in  the  minority  in  the  21st  century.  where  one  process  factories  exist,  there  is  a  market  for  the  goods  created,  which  establishes  an  independent  market  value  for  the  good.  today,  with  multistageprocess  companies,  there  is  much  inventory  that  would  once  have  been  finished  goods  which  is  now
__label__logisticstracking held  as  work  in  process  wip.  this  needs  to  be  valued  in  the  accounts,  but  the  valuation  is  a  management  decision  since  there  is  no  market  for  the  partially  finished  product.  this  somewhat  arbitrary  valuation  of  wip  combined  with  the  allocation  of  overheads  to  it  has  led  to  some  unintended  and  undesirable  results.  financial  accounting  an  organizations  inventory  can  appear  a  mixed  blessing,  since  it  counts  as  an  asset  on  the  balance  sheet,  but  it  also  ties  up  money  that  could  serve  for  other  purposes  and  requires  additional  expense  for  its  protection.  inventory  may  also  cause  significant  tax  expenses,  depending
__label__logisticstracking on  particular  countries  laws  regarding  depreciation  of  inventory,  as  in  thor  power  tool  company  v.  commissioner.inventory  appears  as  a  current  asset  on  an  organizations  balance  sheet  because  the  organization  can,  in  principle,  turn  it  into  cash  by  selling  it.  some  organizations  hold  larger  inventories  than  their  operations  require  in  order  to  inflate  their  apparent  asset  value  and  their  perceived  profitability.in  addition  to  the  money  tied  up  by  acquiring  inventory,  inventory  also  brings  associated  costs  for  warehouse  space,  for  utilities,  and  for  insurance  to  cover  staff  to  handle  and  protect  it  from  fire  and  other  disasters,  obsolescence,  shrinkage  theft  and  errors,
__label__logisticstracking and  others.  such  holding  costs  can  mount  up:  between  a  third  and  a  half  of  its  acquisition  value  per  year.  businesses  that  stock  too  little  inventory  cannot  take  advantage  of  large  orders  from  customers  if  they  cannot  deliver.  the  conflicting  objectives  of  cost  control  and  customer  service  often  put  an  organizations  financial  and  operating  managers  against  its  sales  and  marketing  departments.  salespeople,  in  particular,  often  receive  salescommission  payments,  so  unavailable  goods  may  reduce  their  potential  personal  income.  this  conflict  can  be  minimised  by  reducing  production  time  to  being  near  or  less  than  customers  expected  delivery  time.  this  effort,  known  as
__label__logisticstracking lean  production  will  significantly  reduce  working  capital  tied  up  in  inventory  and  reduce  manufacturing  costs  see  the  toyota  production  system.  role  of  inventory  accounting  by  helping  the  organization  to  make  better  decisions,  the  accountants  can  help  the  public  sector  to  change  in  a  very  positive  way  that  delivers  increased  value  for  the  taxpayers  investment.  it  can  also  help  to  incentives  progress  and  to  ensure  that  reforms  are  sustainable  and  effective  in  the  long  term,  by  ensuring  that  success  is  appropriately  recognized  in  both  the  formal  and  informal  reward  systems  of  the  organization.to  say  that  they  have  a  key  role  to
__label__logisticstracking play  is  an  understatement.  finance  is  connected  to  most,  if  not  all,  of  the  key  business  processes  within  the  organization.  it  should  be  steering  the  stewardship  and  accountability  systems  that  ensure  that  the  organization  is  conducting  its  business  in  an  appropriate,  ethical  manner.  it  is  critical  that  these  foundations  are  firmly  laid.  so  often  they  are  the  litmus  test  by  which  public  confidence  in  the  institution  is  either  won  or  lost.finance  should  also  be  providing  the  information,  analysis  and  advice  to  enable  the  organizations  service  managers  to  operate  effectively.  this  goes  beyond  the  traditional  preoccupation  with  budgets  how  much  have
__label__logisticstracking we  spent  so  far,  how  much  do  we  have  left  to  spend?  it  is  about  helping  the  organization  to  better  understand  its  own  performance.  that  means  making  the  connections  and  understanding  the  relationships  between  given  inputs  the  resources  brought  to  bear  and  the  outputs  and  outcomes  that  they  achieve.  it  is  also  about  understanding  and  actively  managing  risks  within  the  organization  and  its  activities.  fifo  vs.  lifo  accounting  when  a  merchant  buys  goods  from  inventory,  the  value  of  the  inventory  account  is  reduced  by  the  cost  of  goods  sold  cogs.  this  is  simple  where  the  cost  has  not  varied  across
__label__logisticstracking those  held  in  stock;  but  where  it  has,  then  an  agreed  method  must  be  derived  to  evaluate  it.  for  commodity  items  that  one  cannot  track  individually,  accountants  must  choose  a  method  that  fits  the  nature  of  the  sale.  two  popular  methods  in  use  are:  fifo  first  in  first  out  and  lifo  last  in  first  out.fifo  treats  the  first  unit  that  arrived  in  inventory  as  the  first  one  sold.  lifo  considers  the  last  unit  arriving  in  inventory  as  the  first  one  sold.  which  method  an  accountant  selects  can  have  a  significant  effect  on  net  income  and  book  value  and,  in  turn,
__label__logisticstracking on  taxation.  using  lifo  accounting  for  inventory,  a  company  generally  reports  lower  net  income  and  lower  book  value,  due  to  the  effects  of  inflation.  this  generally  results  in  lower  taxation.  due  to  lifos  potential  to  skew  inventory  value,  uk  gaap  and  ias  have  effectively  banned  lifo  inventory  accounting.  lifo  accounting  is  permitted  in  the  united  states  subject  to  section  472  of  the  internal  revenue  code.  standard  cost  accounting  standard  cost  accounting  uses  ratios  called  efficiencies  that  compare  the  labour  and  materials  actually  used  to  produce  a  good  with  those  that  the  same  goods  would  have  required  under  standard  conditions.  as
__label__logisticstracking long  as  actual  and  standard  conditions  are  similar,  few  problems  arise.  unfortunately,  standard  cost  accounting  methods  developed  about  100  years  ago,  when  labor  comprised  the  most  important  cost  in  manufactured  goods.  standard  methods  continue  to  emphasize  labor  efficiency  even  though  that  resource  now  constitutes  a  very  small  part  of  cost  in  most  cases.standard  cost  accounting  can  hurt  managers,  workers,  and  firms  in  several  ways.  for  example,  a  policy  decision  to  increase  inventory  can  harm  a  manufacturing  managers  performance  evaluation.  increasing  inventory  requires  increased  production,  which  means  that  processes  must  operate  at  higher  rates.  when  not  if  something  goes  wrong,  the
__label__logisticstracking process  takes  longer  and  uses  more  than  the  standard  labor  time.  the  manager  appears  responsible  for  the  excess,  even  though  s/he  has  no  control  over  the  production  requirement  or  the  problem.in  adverse  economic  times,  firms  use  the  same  efficiencies  to  downsize,  rightsize,  or  otherwise  reduce  their  labor  force.  workers  laid  off  under  those  circumstances  have  even  less  control  over  excess  inventory  and  cost  efficiencies  than  their  managers.many  financial  and  cost  accountants  have  agreed  for  many  years  on  the  desirability  of  replacing  standard  cost  accounting.  they  have  not,  however,  found  a  successor.  theory  of  constraints  cost  accounting  eliyahu  m.  goldratt  developed
__label__logisticstracking the  theory  of  constraints  in  part  to  address  the  costaccounting  problems  in  what  he  calls  the  cost  world.  he  offers  a  substitute,  called  throughput  accounting,  that  uses  throughput  money  for  goods  sold  to  customers  in  place  of  output  goods  produced  that  may  sell  or  may  boost  inventory  and  considers  labor  as  a  fixed  rather  than  as  a  variable  cost.  he  defines  inventory  simply  as  everything  the  organization  owns  that  it  plans  to  sell,  including  buildings,  machinery,  and  many  other  things  in  addition  to  the  categories  listed  here.  throughput  accounting  recognizes  only  one  class  of  variable  costs:  the  truly  variable  costs,
__label__logisticstracking like  materials  and  components,  which  vary  directly  with  the  quantity  producedfinished  goods  inventories  remain  balancesheet  assets,  but  laborefficiency  ratios  no  longer  evaluate  managers  and  workers.  instead  of  an  incentive  to  reduce  labor  cost,  throughput  accounting  focuses  attention  on  the  relationships  between  throughput  revenue  or  income  on  one  hand  and  controllable  operating  expenses  and  changes  in  inventory  on  the  other.  national  accounts  inventories  also  play  an  important  role  in  national  accounts  and  the  analysis  of  the  business  cycle.  some  shortterm  macroeconomic  fluctuations  are  attributed  to  the  inventory  cycle.  distressed  inventory  also  known  as  distressed  or  expired  stock,  distressed  inventory  is  inventory
__label__logisticstracking whose  potential  to  be  sold  at  a  normal  cost  has  passed  or  will  soon  pass.  in  certain  industries  it  could  also  mean  that  the  stock  is  or  will  soon  be  impossible  to  sell.  examples  of  distressed  inventory  include  products  which  have  reached  their  expiry  date,  or  have  reached  a  date  in  advance  of  expiry  at  which  the  planned  market  will  no  longer  purchase  them  e.g.  3  months  left  to  expiry,  clothing  which  is  out  of  fashion,  music  which  is  no  longer  popular  and  old  newspapers  or  magazines.  it  also  includes  computer  or  consumerelectronic  equipment  which  is  obsolete  or  discontinued  and
__label__logisticstracking whose  manufacturer  is  unable  to  support  it,  along  with  products  which  use  that  type  of  equipment  e.g.  vhs  format  equipment  and  videos.in  2001,  cisco  wrote  off  inventory  worth  us  2.25  billion  due  to  duplicate  orders.  this  is  considered  one  of  the  biggest  inventory  writeoffs  in  business  history.  stock  rotation  stock  rotation  is  the  practice  of  changing  the  way  inventory  is  displayed  on  a  regular  basis.  this  is  most  commonly  used  in  hospitality  and  retail  particularity  where  food  products  are  sold.  for  example,  in  the  case  of  supermarkets  that  a  customer  frequents  on  a  regular  basis,  the  customer  may  know  exactly
__label__logisticstracking what  they  want  and  where  it  is.  this  results  in  many  customers  going  straight  to  the  product  they  seek  and  do  not  look  at  other  items  on  sale.  to  discourage  this  practice,  stores  will  rotate  the  location  of  stock  to  encourage  customers  to  look  through  the  entire  store.  this  is  in  hopes  the  customer  will  pick  up  items  they  would  not  normally  see.  inventory  credit  inventory  credit  refers  to  the  use  of  stock,  or  inventory,  as  collateral  to  raise  finance.  where  banks  may  be  reluctant  to  accept  traditional  collateral,  for  example  in  developing  countries  where  land  title  may  be  lacking,
__label__logisticstracking inventory  credit  is  a  potentially  important  way  of  overcoming  financing  constraints.  this  is  not  a  new  concept;  archaeological  evidence  suggests  that  it  was  practiced  in  ancient  rome.  obtaining  finance  against  stocks  of  a  wide  range  of  products  held  in  a  bonded  warehouse  is  common  in  much  of  the  world.  it  is,  for  example,  used  with  parmesan  cheese  in  italy.  inventory  credit  on  the  basis  of  stored  agricultural  produce  is  widely  used  in  latin  american  countries  and  in  some  asian  countries.  a  precondition  for  such  credit  is  that  banks  must  be  confident  that  the  stored  product  will  be  available  if  they
__label__logisticstracking need  to  call  on  the  collateral;  this  implies  the  existence  of  a  reliable  network  of  certified  warehouses.  banks  also  face  problems  in  valuing  the  inventory.  the  possibility  of  sudden  falls  in  commodity  prices  means  that  they  are  usually  reluctant  to  lend  more  than  about  60  of  the  value  of  the  inventory  at  the  time  of  the  loan.  journal  international  journal  of  inventory  research  see  also  cash  conversion  cycleconsignment  stockcost  of  goods  soldeconomic  order  quantityinventory  investmentinventory  management  softwareoperations  researchpinch  point  economicsproject  production  managementservice  levelspare  partstock  management  notes  references  further  reading  kieso,  ,  de;  warfield,  td;  weygandt,  jj  2007.  intermediate  accounting  8th
__label__logisticstracking canadian  edition.  canada:  john  wiley  sons.  isbn  047015313x.cannella  s.,  ciancimino  e.  2010  uptodate  supply  chain  management:  the  coordinated  s,r.  in  advanced  manufacturing  and  sustainable  logistics.  dangelmaier  w.  et  al.  eds.  175185.  springerverlag  berlin  heidelberg,  germany.
__label__logisticstracking transport  or  transportation  is  the  movement  of  humans,  animals  and  goods  from  one  location  to  another.  in  other  words,  the  action  of  transport  is  defined  as  a  particular  movement  of  an  organism  or  thing  from  a  point  a  to  a  point  b.  modes  of  transport  include  air,  land  rail  and  road,  water,  cable,  pipeline  and  space.  the  field  can  be  divided  into  infrastructure,  vehicles  and  operations.  transport  enables  trade  between  people,  which  is  essential  for  the  development  of  civilizations.transport  infrastructure  consists  of  the  fixed  installations,  including  roads,  railways,  airways,  waterways,  canals  and  pipelines  and  terminals  such  as  airports,  railway  stations,
__label__logisticstracking bus  stations,  warehouses,  trucking  terminals,  refueling  depots  including  fueling  docks  and  fuel  stations  and  seaports.  terminals  may  be  used  both  for  interchange  of  passengers  and  cargo  and  for  maintenance.vehicles  traveling  on  these  networks  may  include  automobiles,  bicycles,  buses,  trains,  trucks,  helicopters,  watercraft,  spacecraft  and  aircraft.operations  deal  with  the  way  the  vehicles  are  operated,  and  the  procedures  set  for  this  purpose,  including  financing,  legalities,  and  policies.  in  the  transport  industry,  operations  and  ownership  of  infrastructure  can  be  either  public  or  private,  depending  on  the  country  and  mode.passenger  transport  may  be  public,  where  operators  provide  scheduled  services,  or  private.  freight  transport  has
__label__logisticstracking become  focused  on  containerization,  although  bulk  transport  is  used  for  large  volumes  of  durable  items.  transport  plays  an  important  part  in  economic  growth  and  globalization,  but  most  types  cause  air  pollution  and  use  large  amounts  of  land.  while  it  is  heavily  subsidized  by  governments,  good  planning  of  transport  is  essential  to  make  traffic  flow  and  restrain  urban  sprawl.  history  humans  first  means  of  transport  involved  walking,  running  and  swimming.  the  domestication  of  animals  introduced  a  new  way  to  lay  the  burden  of  transport  on  more  powerful  creatures,  allowing  the  hauling  of  heavier  loads,  or  humans  riding  animals  for  greater  speed
__label__logisticstracking and  duration.  inventions  such  as  the  wheel  and  the  sled  helped  make  animal  transport  more  efficient  through  the  introduction  of  vehicles.  water  transport,  including  rowed  and  sailed  vessels,  dates  back  to  time  immemorial,  and  was  the  only  efficient  way  to  transport  large  quantities  or  over  large  distances  prior  to  the  industrial  revolution.the  first  forms  of  road  transport  involved  animals,  such  as  horses  domesticated  in  the  4th  or  the  3rd  millennium  bce,  oxen  from  about  8000  bceor  humans  carrying  goods  over  dirt  tracks  that  often  followed  game  trails.  many  early  civilizations,  including  those  in  mesopotamia  and  the  indus  valley,  constructed  paved
__label__logisticstracking roads.  in  classical  antiquity,  the  persian  and  roman  empires  built  stonepaved  roads  to  allow  armies  to  travel  quickly.  deep  roadbeds  of  crushed  stone  underneath  kept  such  roads  dry.  the  medieval  caliphate  later  built  tarpaved  roads.  the  first  watercraft  were  canoes  cut  out  from  tree  trunks.  early  water  transport  was  accomplished  with  ships  that  were  either  rowed  or  used  the  wind  for  propulsion,  or  a  combination  of  the  two.  the  importance  of  water  has  led  to  most  cities  that  grew  up  as  sites  for  trading  being  located  on  rivers  or  on  the  seashore,  often  at  the  intersection  of  two  bodies  of
__label__logisticstracking water.  until  the  industrial  revolution,  transport  remained  slow  and  costly,  and  production  and  consumption  gravitated  as  close  to  each  other  as  feasible.  mechanical  the  industrial  revolution  in  the  19th  century  saw  a  number  of  inventions  fundamentally  change  transport.  with  telegraphy,  communication  became  instant  and  independent  of  the  transport  of  physical  objects.  the  invention  of  the  steam  engine,  closely  followed  by  its  application  in  rail  transport,  made  land  transport  independent  of  human  or  animal  muscles.  both  speed  and  capacity  increased  rapidly,  allowing  specialization  through  manufacturing  being  located  independently  of  natural  resources.  the  19th  century  also  saw  the  development  of  the  steam
__label__logisticstracking ship,  which  sped  up  global  transport.with  the  development  of  the  combustion  engine  and  the  automobile  around  1900,  road  transport  became  more  competitive  again,  and  mechanical  private  transport  originated.  the  first  modern  highways  were  constructed  during  the  19th  century  with  macadam.  later,  tarmac  and  concrete  became  the  dominant  paving  materials.  in  1903  the  wright  brothers  demonstrated  the  first  successful  controllable  airplane,  and  after  world  war  i  19141918  aircraft  became  a  fast  way  to  transport  people  and  express  goods  over  long  distances.after  world  war  ii  19391945  the  automobile  and  airlines  took  higher  shares  of  transport,  reducing  rail  and  water  to  freight  and
__label__logisticstracking shorthaul  passenger  services.  scientific  spaceflight  began  in  the  1950s,  with  rapid  growth  until  the  1970s,  when  interest  dwindled.  in  the  1950s  the  introduction  of  containerization  gave  massive  efficiency  gains  in  freight  transport,  fostering  globalization.  international  air  travel  became  much  more  accessible  in  the  1960s  with  the  commercialization  of  the  jet  engine.  along  with  the  growth  in  automobiles  and  motorways,  rail  and  water  transport  declined  in  relative  importance.  after  the  introduction  of  the  shinkansen  in  japan  in  1964,  highspeed  rail  in  asia  and  europe  started  attracting  passengers  on  longhaul  routes  away  from  the  airlines.early  in  u.s.  history,  private  jointstock  corporations  owned
__label__logisticstracking most  aqueducts,  bridges,  canals,  railroads,  roads,  and  tunnels.  most  such  transport  infrastructure  came  under  government  control  in  the  late  19th  and  early  20th  centuries,  culminating  in  the  nationalization  of  intercity  passenger  railservice  with  the  establishment  of  amtrak.  recently,  however,  a  movement  to  privatize  roads  and  other  infrastructure  has  gained  some  ground  and  adherents.  modes  a  mode  of  transport  is  a  solution  that  makes  use  of  a  particular  type  of  vehicle,  infrastructure,  and  operation.  the  transport  of  a  person  or  of  cargo  may  involve  one  mode  or  several  of  the  modes,  with  the  latter  case  being  called  intermodal  or  multimodal  transport.
__label__logisticstracking each  mode  has  its  own  advantages  and  disadvantages,  and  will  be  chosen  for  a  trip  on  the  basis  of  cost,  capability,  and  route.  humanpowered  humanpowered  transport,  a  form  of  sustainable  transport,  is  the  transport  of  people  and/or  goods  using  human  musclepower,  in  the  form  of  walking,  running  and  swimming.  modern  technology  has  allowed  machines  to  enhance  human  power.  humanpowered  transport  remains  popular  for  reasons  of  costsaving,  leisure,  physical  exercise,  and  environmentalism;  it  is  sometimes  the  only  type  available,  especially  in  underdeveloped  or  inaccessible  regions.although  humans  are  able  to  walk  without  infrastructure,  the  transport  can  be  enhanced  through  the  use  of
__label__logisticstracking roads,  especially  when  using  the  human  power  with  vehicles,  such  as  bicycles  and  inline  skates.  humanpowered  vehicles  have  also  been  developed  for  difficult  environments,  such  as  snow  and  water,  by  watercraft  rowing  and  skiing;  even  the  air  can  be  entered  with  humanpowered  aircraft.  animalpowered  animalpowered  transport  is  the  use  of  working  animals  for  the  movement  of  people  and  commodities.  humans  may  ride  some  of  the  animals  directly,  use  them  as  pack  animals  for  carrying  goods,  or  harness  them,  alone  or  in  teams,  to  pull  sleds  or  wheeled  vehicles.  air  a  fixedwing  aircraft,  commonly  called  airplane,  is  a  heavierthanair  craft  where
__label__logisticstracking movement  of  the  air  in  relation  to  the  wings  is  used  to  generate  lift.  the  term  is  used  to  distinguish  this  from  rotarywing  aircraft,  where  the  movement  of  the  lift  surfaces  relative  to  the  air  generates  lift.  a  gyroplane  is  both  fixedwing  and  rotary  wing.  fixedwing  aircraft  range  from  small  trainers  and  recreational  aircraft  to  large  airliners  and  military  cargo  aircraft.two  things  necessary  for  aircraft  are  air  flow  over  the  wings  for  lift  and  an  area  for  landing.  the  majority  of  aircraft  also  need  an  airport  with  the  infrastructure  to  receive  maintenance,  restocking,  refueling  and  for  the  loading  and  unloading
__label__logisticstracking of  crew,  cargo,  and  passengers.  while  the  vast  majority  of  aircraft  land  and  take  off  on  land,  some  are  capable  of  takeoff  and  landing  on  ice,  snow,  and  calm  water.the  aircraft  is  the  second  fastest  method  of  transport,  after  the  rocket.  commercial  jets  can  reach  up  to  955  kilometres  per  hour  593  mph,  singleengine  aircraft  555  kilometres  per  hour  345  mph.  aviation  is  able  to  quickly  transport  people  and  limited  amounts  of  cargo  over  longer  distances,  but  incurs  high  costs  and  energy  use;  for  short  distances  or  in  inaccessible  places,  helicopters  can  be  used.  as  of  april  28,  2009,  the
__label__logisticstracking guardian  article  notes  that  the  who  estimates  that  up  to  500,000  people  are  on  planes  at  any  time.  land  land  transport  covers  all  landbased  transport  systems  that  provide  for  the  movement  of  people,  goods  and  services.  land  transport  plays  a  vital  role  in  linking  communities  to  each  other.  land  transport  is  a  key  factor  in  urban  planning.  it  consists  of  2  kinds,  rail  and  road.  rail  rail  transport  is  where  a  train  runs  along  a  set  of  two  parallel  steel  rails,  known  as  a  railway  or  railroad.  the  rails  are  anchored  perpendicular  to  ties  or  sleepers  of  timber,  concrete  or
__label__logisticstracking steel,  to  maintain  a  consistent  distance  apart,  or  gauge.  the  rails  and  perpendicular  beams  are  placed  on  a  foundation  made  of  concrete  or  compressed  earth  and  gravel  in  a  bed  of  ballast.  alternative  methods  include  monorail  and  maglev.a  train  consists  of  one  or  more  connected  vehicles  that  operate  on  the  rails.  propulsion  is  commonly  provided  by  a  locomotive,  that  hauls  a  series  of  unpowered  cars,  that  can  carry  passengers  or  freight.  the  locomotive  can  be  powered  by  steam,  diesel  or  by  electricity  supplied  by  trackside  systems.  alternatively,  some  or  all  the  cars  can  be  powered,  known  as  a  multiple  unit.
__label__logisticstracking also,  a  train  can  be  powered  by  horses,  cables,  gravity,  pneumatics  and  gas  turbines.  railed  vehicles  move  with  much  less  friction  than  rubber  tires  on  paved  roads,  making  trains  more  energy  efficient,  though  not  as  efficient  as  ships.intercity  trains  are  longhaul  services  connecting  cities;  modern  highspeed  rail  is  capable  of  speeds  up  to  350  km/h  220  mph,  but  this  requires  specially  built  track.  regional  and  commuter  trains  feed  cities  from  suburbs  and  surrounding  areas,  while  intraurban  transport  is  performed  by  highcapacity  tramways  and  rapid  transits,  often  making  up  the  backbone  of  a  citys  public  transport.  freight  trains  traditionally  used  box
__label__logisticstracking cars,  requiring  manual  loading  and  unloading  of  the  cargo.  since  the  1960s,  container  trains  have  become  the  dominant  solution  for  general  freight,  while  large  quantities  of  bulk  are  transported  by  dedicated  trains.  road  a  road  is  an  identifiable  route,  way  or  path  between  two  or  more  places.  roads  are  typically  smoothed,  paved,  or  otherwise  prepared  to  allow  easy  travel;  though  they  need  not  be,  and  historically  many  roads  were  simply  recognizable  routes  without  any  formal  construction  or  maintenance.  in  urban  areas,  roads  may  pass  through  a  city  or  village  and  be  named  as  streets,  serving  a  dual  function  as  urban
__label__logisticstracking space  easement  and  route.the  most  common  road  vehicle  is  the  automobile;  a  wheeled  passenger  vehicle  that  carries  its  own  motor.  other  users  of  roads  include  buses,  trucks,  motorcycles,  bicycles  and  pedestrians.  as  of  2010,  there  were  1.015  billion  automobiles  worldwide.road  transport  offers  a  complete  freedom  to  road  users  to  transfer  the  vehicle  from  one  lane  to  the  other  and  from  one  road  to  another  according  to  the  need  and  convenience.  this  flexibility  of  changes  in  location,  direction,  speed,  and  timings  of  travel  is  not  available  to  other  modes  of  transport.  it  is  possible  to  provide  door  to  door  service  only
__label__logisticstracking by  road  transport.automobiles  provide  high  flexibility  with  low  capacity,  but  require  high  energy  and  area  use,  and  are  the  main  source  of  noise  and  air  pollution  in  cities;  buses  allow  for  more  efficient  travel  at  the  cost  of  reduced  flexibility.  road  transport  by  truck  is  often  the  initial  and  final  stage  of  freight  transport.  water  water  transport  is  movement  by  means  of  a  watercraftsuch  as  a  barge,  boat,  ship  or  sailboatover  a  body  of  water,  such  as  a  sea,  ocean,  lake,  canal  or  river.  the  need  for  buoyancy  is  common  to  watercraft,  making  the  hull  a  dominant  aspect  of  its
__label__logisticstracking construction,  maintenance  and  appearance.in  the  19th  century,  the  first  steam  ships  were  developed,  using  a  steam  engine  to  drive  a  paddle  wheel  or  propeller  to  move  the  ship.  the  steam  was  produced  in  a  boiler  using  wood  or  coal  and  fed  through  a  steam  external  combustion  engine.  now  most  ships  have  an  internal  combustion  engine  using  a  slightly  refined  type  of  petroleum  called  bunker  fuel.  some  ships,  such  as  submarines,  use  nuclear  power  to  produce  the  steam.  recreational  or  educational  craft  still  use  wind  power,  while  some  smaller  craft  use  internal  combustion  engines  to  drive  one  or  more  propellers,  or
__label__logisticstracking in  the  case  of  jet  boats,  an  inboard  water  jet.  in  shallow  draft  areas,  hovercraft  are  propelled  by  large  pusherprop  fans.  see  marine  propulsion.although  it  is  slow  compared  to  other  transport,  modern  sea  transport  is  a  highly  efficient  method  of  transporting  large  quantities  of  goods.  commercial  vessels,  nearly  35,000  in  number,  carried  7.4  billion  tons  of  cargo  in  2007.  transport  by  water  is  significantly  less  costly  than  air  transport  for  transcontinental  shipping;  short  sea  shipping  and  ferries  remain  viable  in  coastal  areas.  other  modes  pipeline  transport  sends  goods  through  a  pipe;  most  commonly  liquid  and  gases  are  sent,  but  pneumatic
__label__logisticstracking tubes  can  also  send  solid  capsules  using  compressed  air.  for  liquids/gases,  any  chemically  stable  liquid  or  gas  can  be  sent  through  a  pipeline.  shortdistance  systems  exist  for  sewage,  slurry,  water  and  beer,  while  longdistance  networks  are  used  for  petroleum  and  natural  gas.cable  transport  is  a  broad  mode  where  vehicles  are  pulled  by  cables  instead  of  an  internal  power  source.  it  is  most  commonly  used  at  steep  gradient.  typical  solutions  include  aerial  tramway,  elevators,  escalator  and  ski  lifts;  some  of  these  are  also  categorized  as  conveyor  transport.spaceflight  is  transport  out  of  earths  atmosphere  into  outer  space  by  means  of  a  spacecraft.
__label__logisticstracking while  large  amounts  of  research  have  gone  into  technology,  it  is  rarely  used  except  to  put  satellites  into  orbit,  and  conduct  scientific  experiments.  however,  man  has  landed  on  the  moon,  and  probes  have  been  sent  to  all  the  planets  of  the  solar  system.suborbital  spaceflight  is  the  fastest  of  the  existing  and  planned  transport  systems  from  a  place  on  earth  to  a  distant  other  place  on  earth.  faster  transport  could  be  achieved  through  part  of  a  low  earth  orbit,  or  following  that  trajectory  even  faster  using  the  propulsion  of  the  rocket  to  steer  it.  elements  infrastructure  infrastructure  is  the  fixed  installations
__label__logisticstracking that  allow  a  vehicle  to  operate.  it  consists  of  a  roadway,  a  terminal,  and  facilities  for  parking  and  maintenance.  for  rail,  pipeline,  road  and  cable  transport,  the  entire  way  the  vehicle  travels  must  be  constructed.  air  and  watercraft  are  able  to  avoid  this,  since  the  airway  and  seaway  do  not  need  to  be  constructed.  however,  they  require  fixed  infrastructure  at  terminals.terminals  such  as  airports,  ports,  and  stations,  are  locations  where  passengers  and  freight  can  be  transferred  from  one  vehicle  or  mode  to  another.  for  passenger  transport,  terminals  are  integrating  different  modes  to  allow  riders,  who  are  interchanging  between  modes,  to
__label__logisticstracking take  advantage  of  each  modes  benefits.  for  instance,  airport  rail  links  connect  airports  to  the  city  centers  and  suburbs.  the  terminals  for  automobiles  are  parking  lots,  while  buses  and  coaches  can  operate  from  simple  stops.  for  freight,  terminals  act  as  transshipment  points,  though  some  cargo  is  transported  directly  from  the  point  of  production  to  the  point  of  use.the  financing  of  infrastructure  can  either  be  public  or  private.  transport  is  often  a  natural  monopoly  and  a  necessity  for  the  public;  roads,  and  in  some  countries  railways  and  airports  are  funded  through  taxation.  new  infrastructure  projects  can  have  high  costs  and  are
__label__logisticstracking often  financed  through  debt.  many  infrastructure  owners,  therefore,  impose  usage  fees,  such  as  landing  fees  at  airports,  or  toll  plazas  on  roads.  independent  of  this,  authorities  may  impose  taxes  on  the  purchase  or  use  of  vehicles.  because  of  poor  forecasting  and  overestimation  of  passenger  numbers  by  planners,  there  is  frequently  a  benefits  shortfall  for  transport  infrastructure  projects.  vehicles  a  vehicle  is  a  nonliving  device  that  is  used  to  move  people  and  goods.  unlike  the  infrastructure,  the  vehicle  moves  along  with  the  cargo  and  riders.  unless  being  pulled/pushed  by  a  cable  or  musclepower,  the  vehicle  must  provide  its  own  propulsion;  this
__label__logisticstracking is  most  commonly  done  through  a  steam  engine,  combustion  engine,  electric  motor,  a  jet  engine  or  a  rocket,  though  other  means  of  propulsion  also  exist.  vehicles  also  need  a  system  of  converting  the  energy  into  movement;  this  is  most  commonly  done  through  wheels,  propellers  and  pressure.vehicles  are  most  commonly  staffed  by  a  driver.  however,  some  systems,  such  as  people  movers  and  some  rapid  transits,  are  fully  automated.  for  passenger  transport,  the  vehicle  must  have  a  compartment,  seat,  or  platform  for  the  passengers.  simple  vehicles,  such  as  automobiles,  bicycles  or  simple  aircraft,  may  have  one  of  the  passengers  as  a  driver.
__label__logisticstracking operation  private  transport  is  only  subject  to  the  owner  of  the  vehicle,  who  operates  the  vehicle  themselves.  for  public  transport  and  freight  transport,  operations  are  done  through  private  enterprise  or  by  governments.  the  infrastructure  and  vehicles  may  be  owned  and  operated  by  the  same  company,  or  they  may  be  operated  by  different  entities.  traditionally,  many  countries  have  had  a  national  airline  and  national  railway.  since  the  1980s,  many  of  these  have  been  privatized.  international  shipping  remains  a  highly  competitive  industry  with  little  regulation,  but  ports  can  be  publicowned.  policy  as  the  population  of  the  world  increases,  cities  grow  in  size
__label__logisticstracking and  populationaccording  to  the  united  nations,  55  of  the  worlds  population  live  in  cities,  and  by  2050  this  number  is  expected  to  rise  to  68.  public  transport  policy  must  evolve  to  meet  the  changing  priorities  of  the  urban  world.  the  institution  of  policy  enforces  order  in  transport,  which  is  by  nature  chaotic  as  people  attempt  to  travel  from  one  place  to  another  as  fast  as  possible.  this  policy  helps  to  reduce  accidents  and  save  lives.  functions  relocation  of  travelers  and  cargo  are  the  most  common  uses  of  transport.  however,  other  uses  exist,  such  as  the  strategic  and  tactical  relocation  of
__label__logisticstracking armed  forces  during  warfare,  or  the  civilian  mobility  construction  or  emergency  equipment.  passenger  passenger  transport,  or  travel,  is  divided  into  public  and  private  transport.  public  transport  is  scheduled  services  on  fixed  routes,  while  private  is  vehicles  that  provide  ad  hoc  services  at  the  riders  desire.  the  latter  offers  better  flexibility,  but  has  lower  capacity,  and  a  higher  environmental  impact.  travel  may  be  as  part  of  daily  commuting,  for  business,  leisure  or  migration.shorthaul  transport  is  dominated  by  the  automobile  and  mass  transit.  the  latter  consists  of  buses  in  rural  and  small  cities,  supplemented  with  commuter  rail,  trams  and  rapid  transit  in
__label__logisticstracking larger  cities.  longhaul  transport  involves  the  use  of  the  automobile,  trains,  coaches  and  aircraft,  the  last  of  which  have  become  predominantly  used  for  the  longest,  including  intercontinental,  travel.  intermodal  passenger  transport  is  where  a  journey  is  performed  through  the  use  of  several  modes  of  transport;  since  all  human  transport  normally  starts  and  ends  with  walking,  all  passenger  transport  can  be  considered  intermodal.  public  transport  may  also  involve  the  intermediate  change  of  vehicle,  within  or  across  modes,  at  a  transport  hub,  such  as  a  bus  or  railway  station.taxis  and  buses  can  be  found  on  both  ends  of  the  public  transport  spectrum.
__label__logisticstracking buses  are  the  cheapest  mode  of  transport  but  are  not  necessarily  flexible,  and  taxis  are  very  flexible  but  more  expensive.  in  the  middle  is  demandresponsive  transport,  offering  flexibility  whilst  remaining  affordable.international  travel  may  be  restricted  for  some  individuals  due  to  legislation  and  visa  requirements.  medical  an  ambulance  is  a  vehicle  used  to  transport  people  from  or  between  places  of  treatment,  and  in  some  instances  will  also  provide  outofhospital  medical  care  to  the  patient.  the  word  is  often  associated  with  roadgoing  emergency  ambulances,  which  form  part  of  emergency  medical  services,  administering  emergency  care  to  those  with  acute  medical  problems.air  medical  services
__label__logisticstracking is  a  comprehensive  term  covering  the  use  of  air  transport  to  move  patients  to  and  from  healthcare  facilities  and  accident  scenes.  personnel  provide  comprehensive  prehospital  and  emergency  and  critical  care  to  all  types  of  patients  during  aeromedical  evacuation  or  rescue  operations,  aboard  helicopters,  propeller  aircraft,  or  jet  aircraft.  freight  freight  transport,  or  shipping,  is  a  key  in  the  value  chain  in  manufacturing.  with  increased  specialization  and  globalization,  production  is  being  located  further  away  from  consumption,  rapidly  increasing  the  demand  for  transport.  transport  creates  place  utility  by  moving  the  goods  from  the  place  of  production  to  the  place  of  consumption.  while
__label__logisticstracking all  modes  of  transport  are  used  for  cargo  transport,  there  is  high  differentiation  between  the  nature  of  the  cargo  transport,  in  which  mode  is  chosen.  logistics  refers  to  the  entire  process  of  transferring  products  from  producer  to  consumer,  including  storage,  transport,  transshipment,  warehousing,  materialhandling,  and  packaging,  with  associated  exchange  of  information.  incoterm  deals  with  the  handling  of  payment  and  responsibility  of  risk  during  transport.containerization,  with  the  standardization  of  iso  containers  on  all  vehicles  and  at  all  ports,  has  revolutionized  international  and  domestic  trade,  offering  a  huge  reduction  in  transshipment  costs.  traditionally,  all  cargo  had  to  be  manually  loaded  and  unloaded
__label__logisticstracking into  the  haul  of  any  ship  or  car;  containerization  allows  for  automated  handling  and  transfer  between  modes,  and  the  standardized  sizes  allow  for  gains  in  economy  of  scale  in  vehicle  operation.  this  has  been  one  of  the  key  driving  factors  in  international  trade  and  globalization  since  the  1950s.bulk  transport  is  common  with  cargo  that  can  be  handled  roughly  without  deterioration;  typical  examples  are  ore,  coal,  cereals  and  petroleum.  because  of  the  uniformity  of  the  product,  mechanical  handling  can  allow  enormous  quantities  to  be  handled  quickly  and  efficiently.  the  low  value  of  the  cargo  combined  with  high  volume  also  means  that
__label__logisticstracking economies  of  scale  become  essential  in  transport,  and  gigantic  ships  and  whole  trains  are  commonly  used  to  transport  bulk.  liquid  products  with  sufficient  volume  may  also  be  transported  by  pipeline.air  freight  has  become  more  common  for  products  of  high  value;  while  less  than  one  percent  of  world  transport  by  volume  is  by  airline,  it  amounts  to  forty  percent  of  the  value.  time  has  become  especially  important  in  regards  to  principles  such  as  postponement  and  justintime  within  the  value  chain,  resulting  in  a  high  willingness  to  pay  for  quick  delivery  of  key  components  or  items  of  high  valuetoweight  ratio.  in  addition
__label__logisticstracking to  mail,  common  items  sent  by  air  include  electronics  and  fashion  clothing.  impact  economic  transport  is  a  key  necessity  for  specializationallowing  production  and  consumption  of  products  to  occur  at  different  locations.  throughout  history,  transport  has  been  a  spur  to  expansion;  better  transport  allows  more  trade  and  a  greater  spread  of  people.  economic  growth  has  always  been  dependent  on  increasing  the  capacity  and  rationality  of  transport.  but  the  infrastructure  and  operation  of  transport  have  a  great  impact  on  the  land,  and  transport  is  the  largest  drainer  of  energy,  making  transport  sustainability  a  major  issue.due  to  the  way  modern  cities  and  communities
__label__logisticstracking are  planned  and  operated,  a  physical  distinction  between  home  and  work  is  usually  created,  forcing  people  to  transport  themselves  to  places  of  work,  study,  or  leisure,  as  well  as  to  temporarily  relocate  for  other  daily  activities.  passenger  transport  is  also  the  essence  of  tourism,  a  major  part  of  recreational  transport.  commerce  requires  the  transport  of  people  to  conduct  business,  either  to  allow  facetoface  communication  for  important  decisions  or  to  move  specialists  from  their  regular  place  of  work  to  sites  where  they  are  needed.  planning  transport  planning  allows  for  high  utilization  and  less  impact  regarding  new  infrastructure.  using  models  of  transport
__label__logisticstracking forecasting,  planners  are  able  to  predict  future  transport  patterns.  on  the  operative  level,  logistics  allows  owners  of  cargo  to  plan  transport  as  part  of  the  supply  chain.  transport  as  a  field  is  also  studied  through  transport  economics,  a  component  for  the  creation  of  regulation  policy  by  authorities.  transport  engineering,  a  subdiscipline  of  civil  engineering,  must  take  into  account  trip  generation,  trip  distribution,  mode  choice  and  route  assignment,  while  the  operative  level  is  handled  through  traffic  engineering.because  of  the  negative  impacts  incurred,  transport  often  becomes  the  subject  of  controversy  related  to  choice  of  mode,  as  well  as  increased  capacity.  automotive  transport
__label__logisticstracking can  be  seen  as  a  tragedy  of  the  commons,  where  the  flexibility  and  comfort  for  the  individual  deteriorate  the  natural  and  urban  environment  for  all.  density  of  development  depends  on  mode  of  transport,  with  public  transport  allowing  for  better  spatial  utilization.  good  land  use  keeps  common  activities  close  to  peoples  homes  and  places  higherdensity  development  closer  to  transport  lines  and  hubs,  to  minimize  the  need  for  transport.  there  are  economies  of  agglomeration.  beyond  transport,  some  land  uses  are  more  efficient  when  clustered.  transport  facilities  consume  land,  and  in  cities  pavement  devoted  to  streets  and  parking  can  easily  exceed  20  percent
__label__logisticstracking of  the  total  land  use.  an  efficient  transport  system  can  reduce  land  waste.too  much  infrastructure  and  too  much  smoothing  for  maximum  vehicle  throughput  mean  that  in  many  cities  there  is  too  much  traffic  and  manyif  not  allof  the  negative  impacts  that  come  with  it.  it  is  only  in  recent  years  that  traditional  practices  have  started  to  be  questioned  in  many  places;  as  a  result  of  new  types  of  analysis  which  bring  in  a  much  broader  range  of  skills  than  those  traditionally  relied  onspanning  such  areas  as  environmental  impact  analysis,  public  health,  sociology  and  economicsthe  viability  of  the  old  mobility  solutions
__label__logisticstracking is  increasingly  being  questioned.  environment  transport  is  a  major  use  of  energy  and  burns  most  of  the  worlds  petroleum.  this  creates  air  pollution,  including  nitrous  oxides  and  particulates,  and  is  a  significant  contributor  to  global  warming  through  emission  of  carbon  dioxide,  for  which  transport  is  the  fastestgrowing  emission  sector.  by  subsector,  road  transport  is  the  largest  contributor  to  global  warming.  environmental  regulations  in  developed  countries  have  reduced  individual  vehicles  emissions;  however,  this  has  been  offset  by  increases  in  the  numbers  of  vehicles  and  in  the  use  of  each  vehicle.  some  pathways  to  reduce  the  carbon  emissions  of  road  vehicles  considerably
__label__logisticstracking have  been  studied.  energy  use  and  emissions  vary  largely  between  modes,  causing  environmentalists  to  call  for  a  transition  from  air  and  road  to  rail  and  humanpowered  transport,  as  well  as  increased  transport  electrification  and  energy  efficiency.other  environmental  impacts  of  transport  systems  include  traffic  congestion  and  automobileoriented  urban  sprawl,  which  can  consume  natural  habitat  and  agricultural  lands.  by  reducing  transport  emissions  globally,  it  is  predicted  that  there  will  be  significant  positive  effects  on  earths  air  quality,  acid  rain,  smog  and  climate  change.  see  also  references  bibliography  bardi,  edward;  john  coyle  robert  novack  2006.  management  of  transportation.  thomson  southwestern.  isbn  0324314434.chopra,  sunil
__label__logisticstracking peter  meindl  2007.  supply  chain  management.  pearson.  isbn  9780132086080.christopher  p.  cooper;  rebecca  shepherd  1998.  tourism:  principles  and  practice.  financial  times  prent.int.  isbn  9780582312739.  retrieved  22  december  2012.lay,  maxwell  g  1992.  ways  of  the  world:  a  history  of  the  worlds  roads  and  of  the  vehicles  that  used  them.  rutgers  university  press.  isbn  0813526914.stopford,  martin  1997.  maritime  economics.  london:  routledge.  isbn  0415153107.  external  links  transportation  from  ucb  libraries  govpubstransportation  at  curlieamerica  on  the  move  an  online  transportation  exhibition  from  the  national  museum  of  american  history,  smithsonian  institutionworld  transportation  organization  the  world  transportation  organization  the  nonprofit  advisory  organization
__label__logisticstracking a  warehouse  is  a  building  for  storing  goods.  warehouses  are  used  by  manufacturers,  importers,  exporters,  wholesalers,  transport  businesses,  customs,  etc.  they  are  usually  large  plain  buildings  in  industrial  parks  on  the  outskirts  of  cities,  towns  or  villages.they  usually  have  loading  docks  to  load  and  unload  goods  from  trucks.  sometimes  warehouses  are  designed  for  the  loading  and  unloading  of  goods  directly  from  railways,  airports,  or  seaports.  they  often  have  cranes  and  forklifts  for  moving  goods,  which  are  usually  placed  on  iso  standard  pallets  loaded  into  pallet  racks.  stored  goods  can  include  any  raw  materials,  packing  materials,  spare  parts,  components,  or  finished
__label__logisticstracking goods  associated  with  agriculture,  manufacturing,  and  production.  in  india  and  hong  kong,  a  warehouse  may  be  referred  to  as  a  godown.  history  a  warehouse  can  be  defined  functionally  as  a  building  in  which  to  store  bulk  produce  or  goods  wares  for  commercial  purposes.  the  built  form  of  warehouse  structures  throughout  time  depends  on  many  contexts:  materials,  technologies,  sites,  and  cultures.in  this  sense,  the  warehouse  postdates  the  need  for  communal  or  statebased  mass  storage  of  surplus  food.  prehistoric  civilizations  relied  on  family  or  communityowned  storage  pits,  or  palace  storerooms,  such  as  at  knossos,  to  protect  surplus  food.  the  archaeologist  colin  renfrew
__label__logisticstracking argued  that  gathering  and  storing  agricultural  surpluses  in  bronze  age  minoan  palaces  was  a  critical  ingredient  in  the  formation  of  protostate  power.the  need  for  warehouses  developed  in  societies  in  which  trade  reached  a  critical  mass  requiring  storage  at  some  point  in  the  exchange  process.  this  was  highly  evident  in  ancient  rome,  where  the  horreum  pl.  horrea  became  a  standard  building  form.  the  most  studied  examples  are  in  ostia,  the  port  city  that  served  rome.  the  horrea  galbae,  a  warehouse  complex  on  the  road  towards  ostia,  demonstrates  that  these  buildings  could  be  substantial,  even  by  modern  standards.  galbas  horrea  complex  contained
__label__logisticstracking 140  rooms  on  the  ground  floor  alone,  covering  an  area  of  some  225,000  square  feet  21,000  m.  as  a  point  of  reference,  less  than  half  of  u.s.  warehouses  today  are  larger  than  100,000  square  feet  9290  m.the  need  for  a  warehouse  implies  having  quantities  of  goods  too  big  to  be  stored  in  a  domestic  storeroom.  but  as  attested  by  legislation  concerning  the  levy  of  duties,  some  medieval  merchants  across  europe  commonly  kept  goods  in  their  large  household  storerooms,  often  on  the  ground  floor  or  cellars.  an  example  is  the  fondaco  dei  tedeschi,  the  substantial  quarters  of  german  traders  in  venice,
__label__logisticstracking which  combined  a  dwelling,  warehouse,  market  and  quarters  for  travellers.from  the  middle  ages  on,  dedicated  warehouses  were  constructed  around  ports  and  other  commercial  hubs  to  facilitate  largescale  trade.  the  warehouses  of  the  trading  port  bryggen  in  bergen,  norway  now  a  world  heritage  site,  demonstrate  characteristic  european  gabled  timber  forms  dating  from  the  late  middle  ages,  though  what  remains  today  was  largely  rebuilt  in  the  same  traditional  style  following  great  fires  in  1702  and  1955.during  the  industrial  revolution,  the  function  of  warehouses  evolved  and  became  more  specialised.  always  a  building  of  function,  in  the  past  few  decades  warehouses  have  adapted  to
__label__logisticstracking standardisation,  mechanisation,  technological  innovation  and  changes  in  supply  chain  methods.the  mass  production  of  goods  launched  by  the  industrial  revolution  of  the  18th  and  19th  centuries  fuelled  the  development  of  larger  and  more  specialised  warehouses,  usually  located  close  to  transport  hubs  on  canals,  at  railways  and  portside.  specialisation  of  tasks  is  characteristic  of  the  factory  system,  which  developed  in  british  textile  mills  and  potteries  in  the  midlate  1700s.  factory  processes  speeded  up  work  and  deskilled  labour,  bringing  new  profits  to  capital  investment.warehouses  also  fulfill  a  range  of  commercial  functions  besides  simple  storage,  exemplified  by  manchesters  cotton  warehouses  and  australian  wool  stores:
__label__logisticstracking receiving,  stockpiling  and  despatching  goods;  displaying  goods  for  commercial  buyers;  packing,  checking  and  labelling  orders,  and  dispatching  them.the  utilitarian  architecture  of  warehouses  responded  fast  to  emerging  technologies.  before  and  into  the  nineteenth  century,  the  basic  european  warehouse  was  built  of  loadbearing  masonry  walls  or  heavyframed  timber  with  a  suitable  external  cladding.  inside,  heavy  timber  posts  supported  timber  beams  and  joists  for  the  upper  levels,  rarely  more  than  four  to  five  stories  high.a  gabled  roof  was  conventional,  with  a  gate  in  the  gable  facing  the  street,  rail  lines  or  port  for  a  crane  to  hoist  goods  into  the  windowgates  on  each
__label__logisticstracking floor  below.  convenient  access  for  road  transport  was  builtin  via  very  large  doors  on  the  ground  floor.  if  not  in  a  separate  building,  office  and  display  spaces  were  located  on  the  ground  or  first  floor.technological  innovations  of  the  early  19th  century  changed  the  shape  of  warehouses  and  the  work  performed  inside  them:  cast  iron  columns  and  later,  moulded  steel  posts;  sawtooth  roofs;  and  steam  power.  all  except  steel  were  adopted  quickly  and  were  in  common  use  by  the  middle  of  the  19th  century.1.  strong,  slender  cast  iron  columns  began  to  replace  masonry  piers  or  timber  posts  to  carry  levels  above
__label__logisticstracking the  ground  floor.  as  modern  steel  framing  developed  in  the  late  19th  century,  its  strength  and  constructability  enabled  the  first  skyscrapers.  steel  girders  replaced  timber  beams,  increasing  the  span  of  internal  bays  in  the  warehouse.2.  the  sawtooth  roof  brought  natural  light  to  the  top  story  of  the  warehouse.  it  transformed  the  shape  of  the  warehouse,  from  the  traditional  peaked  hip  or  gable  to  an  essentially  flat  roof  form  that  was  often  hidden  behind  a  parapet.  warehouse  buildings  now  became  strongly  horizontal.  inside  the  top  floor,  the  vertical  glazed  pane  of  each  sawtooth  enabled  natural  lighting  over  displayed  goods,  improving  buyer
__label__logisticstracking inspection.3.  hoists  and  cranes  driven  by  steam  power  expanded  the  capacity  of  manual  labour  to  lift  and  move  heavy  goods.two  more  new  power  sources,  hydraulics,  and  electricity,  reshaped  warehouse  design  and  practice  at  the  end  of  the  19th  century  and  into  the  20th  century.1.  public  hydraulic  power  networks  were  constructed  in  many  large  industrial  cities  around  the  world  in  the  1870s80s,  exemplified  by  manchester.  they  were  highly  effective  to  power  cranes  and  lifts,  whose  application  in  warehouses  served  taller  buildings  and  enabled  new  labour  efficiencies.2.  public  electricity  networks  emerged  in  the  1890s.  they  were  used  at  first  mainly  for  lighting
__label__logisticstracking and  soon  to  electrify  lifts,  making  possible  taller,  more  efficient  warehouses.  it  took  several  decades  for  electrical  power  to  be  distributed  widely  throughout  cities  in  the  western  world.20thcentury  technologies  made  warehousing  ever  more  efficient.  electricity  became  widely  available  and  transformed  lighting,  security,  lifting  and  transport  from  the  1900s.  the  internal  combustion  engine,  developed  in  the  late  19th  century,  was  installed  in  massproduced  vehicles  from  the  1910s.  it  not  only  reshaped  transport  methods  but  enabled  many  applications  as  a  compact,  portable  power  plant,  wherever  small  engines  were  needed.the  forklift  truck  was  invented  in  the  early  20th  century  and  came  into  wide
__label__logisticstracking use  after  world  war  ii.  forklifts  transformed  the  possibilities  of  multilevel  pallet  racking  of  goods  in  taller,  singlelevel  steelframed  buildings  for  higher  storage  density.  the  forklift,  and  its  load  fixed  to  a  uniform  pallet,  enabled  the  rise  of  logistic  approaches  to  storage  in  the  later  20th  century.  typology  warehouses  are  generally  considered  industrial  buildings  and  are  usually  located  in  industrial  districts  or  zones  such  as  the  outskirts  of  a  city.  loopnet  categorizes  warehouses  using  the  industrial  property  type.  craftsman  book  companys  2018  national  building  cost  manual  lists  warehouses  under  the  industrial  structures  section.  in  the  uk,  warehouses  are  classified  under
__label__logisticstracking the  town  and  country  planning  act  1990  as  the  industrial  category  b8  storage  and  distribution.types  of  warehouses  include  storage  warehouses,  distribution  centers  including  fulfillment  centers  and  truck  terminals,  retail  warehouses,  cold  storage  warehouses,  and  flex  space.  retail  warehouses  these  displayed  goods  for  the  home  trade.  this  would  be  finished  goods  such  as  the  latest  cotton  blouses  or  fashion  items.  their  street  frontage  was  impressive,  so  they  took  the  styles  of  italianate  palazzi.richard  cobdens  construction  in  manchesters  mosley  street  was  the  first  palazzo  warehouse.  there  were  already  seven  warehouses  on  portland  street  when  they  commenced  building  the  elaborate  watts  warehouse  of
__label__logisticstracking 1855,  but  four  more  were  opened  before  it  was  finished.  cool  warehouses  and  cold  storage  cold  storage  preserves  agricultural  products.  refrigerated  storage  helps  in  eliminating  sprouting,  rotting  and  insect  damage.  edible  products  are  generally  not  stored  for  more  than  one  year.  several  perishable  products  require  a  storage  temperature  as  low  as  25  c.cold  storage  helps  stabilize  market  prices  and  evenly  distribute  goods  both  on  demand  and  timely  basis.  the  farmers  get  the  opportunity  of  producing  cash  crops  to  get  remunerative  prices.  the  consumers  get  the  supply  of  perishable  commodities  with  lower  fluctuation  of  prices.ammonia  and  freon  compressors  are  commonly  used
__label__logisticstracking in  cold  storage  warehouses  to  maintain  the  temperature.  ammonia  refrigerant  is  cheaper,  easily  available,  and  has  a  high  latent  heat  of  evaporation,  but  it  is  also  highly  toxic  and  can  form  an  explosive  mixture  when  mixed  with  fuel  oil.  insulation  is  also  important,  to  reduce  the  loss  of  cold  and  to  keep  different  sections  of  the  warehouse  at  different  temperatures.there  are  two  main  types  of  refrigeration  system  used  in  cold  storage  warehouses:  vapor  absorption  systems  vas  and  vaporcompression  systems  vcs.  vas,  although  comparatively  costlier  to  install,  is  more  economical  in  operation.the  temperature  necessary  for  preservation  depends  on  the  storage  time
__label__logisticstracking required  and  the  type  of  product.  in  general,  there  are  three  groups  of  products,  foods  that  are  alive  e.g.  fruits  and  vegetables,  foods  that  are  no  longer  alive  and  have  been  processed  in  some  form  e.g.  meat  and  fish  products,  and  commodities  that  benefit  from  storage  at  controlled  temperature  e.g.  beer,  tobacco.location  is  important  for  the  success  of  a  cold  storage  facility.  it  should  be  in  close  proximity  to  a  growing  area  as  well  as  a  market,  be  easily  accessible  for  heavy  vehicles,  and  have  an  uninterrupted  power  supply.  overseas  warehouses  these  catered  for  the  overseas  trade.  they  became  the
__label__logisticstracking meeting  places  for  overseas  wholesale  buyers  where  printed  and  plain  could  be  discussed  and  ordered.  trade  in  cloth  in  manchester  was  conducted  by  many  nationalities.behrens  warehouse  is  on  the  corner  of  oxford  street  and  portland  street.  it  was  built  for  louis  behrens  son  by  p  nunn  in  1860.  it  is  a  fourstorey  predominantly  red  brick  build  with  23  bays  along  portland  street  and  9  along  oxford  street.  the  behrens  family  were  prominent  in  banking  and  in  the  social  life  of  the  german  community  in  manchester.  packing  warehouses  the  main  purpose  of  packing  warehouses  was  the  picking,  checking,  labelling  and  packing
__label__logisticstracking of  goods  for  export.  the  packing  warehouses:  asia  house,  india  house  and  velvet  house  along  whitworth  street  in  manchester  were  some  of  the  tallest  buildings  of  their  time.  see  list  of  packing  houses.  railway  warehouses  warehouses  were  built  close  to  the  major  stations  in  railway  hubs.  the  first  railway  warehouse  to  be  built  was  opposite  the  passenger  platform  at  the  terminus  of  the  liverpool  and  manchester  railway.  there  was  an  important  group  of  warehouses  around  london  road  station  now  piccadilly  station.in  the  1890s  the  great  northern  railway  companys  warehouse  was  completed  on  deansgate:  this  was  the  last  major  railway  warehouse
__label__logisticstracking to  be  built.the  london  warehouse  picadilly  was  one  of  four  warehouses  built  by  the  manchester,  sheffield  and  lincolnshire  railway  in  about  1865  to  service  the  new  london  road  station.  it  had  its  own  branch  to  the  ashton  canal.  this  warehouse  was  built  of  brick  with  stone  detailing.  it  had  cast  iron  columns  with  wrought  iron  beams.  canal  warehouses  all  these  warehouse  types  can  trace  their  origins  back  to  the  canal  warehouses  which  were  used  for  transshipment  and  storage.  castlefield  warehouses  are  of  this  type  and  important  as  they  were  built  at  the  terminus  of  the  bridgewater  canal  in  1761.  operations
__label__logisticstracking a  customised  storage  building,  a  warehouse  enables  a  business  to  stockpile  goods,  e.g.,  to  build  up  a  full  load  prior  to  transport,  or  hold  unloaded  goods  before  further  distribution,  or  store  goods  like  wine  and  cheese  that  require  maturation.  as  a  place  for  storage,  the  warehouse  has  to  be  secure,  convenient,  and  as  spacious  as  possible,  according  to  the  owners  resources,  the  site  and  contemporary  building  technology.  before  mechanised  technology  developed,  warehouse  functions  relied  on  human  labour,  using  mechanical  lifting  aids  like  pulley  systems.  storage  and  shipping  systems  some  of  the  most  common  warehouse  storage  systems  are:pallet  racking  including  selective,
__label__logisticstracking drivein,  drivethru,  doubledeep,  pushback,  and  gravity  flowcantilever  racking  uses  arms,  rather  than  pallets,  to  store  long  thin  objects  like  timber.mezzanine  adds  a  semipermanent  story  of  storage  within  a  warehousevertical  lift  modules  are  packed  systems  with  vertically  arranged  trays  stored  on  both  sides  of  the  unit.horizontal  carousels  consist  of  a  frame  and  a  rotating  carriage  of  bins.vertical  carousels  consisting  of  a  series  of  carriers  mounted  on  a  vertical  closedloop  track,  inside  a  metal  enclosure.a  piece  pick  is  a  type  of  order  selection  process  where  a  product  is  picked  and  handled  in  individual  units  and  placed  in  an  outer  carton,  tote  or
__label__logisticstracking another  container  before  shipping.  catalog  companies  and  internet  retailers  are  examples  of  predominantly  piecepick  operations.  their  customers  rarely  order  in  pallet  or  case  quantities;  instead,  they  typically  order  just  one  or  two  pieces  of  one  or  two  items.  several  elements  make  up  the  piecepick  system.  they  include  the  order,  the  picker,  the  pick  module,  the  pick  area,  handling  equipment,  the  container,  the  pick  method  used  and  the  information  technology  used.  every  movement  inside  a  warehouse  must  be  accompanied  by  a  work  order.  warehouse  operation  can  fail  when  workers  move  goods  without  work  orders,  or  when  a  storage  position  is  left
__label__logisticstracking unregistered  in  the  system.material  direction  and  tracking  in  a  warehouse  can  be  coordinated  by  a  warehouse  management  system  wms,  a  database  driven  computer  program.  logistics  personnel  use  the  wms  to  improve  warehouse  efficiency  by  directing  pathways  and  to  maintain  accurate  inventory  by  recording  warehouse  transactions.  automation  and  optimization  some  warehouses  are  completely  automated,  and  require  only  operators  to  work  and  handle  all  the  task.  pallets  and  product  move  on  a  system  of  automated  conveyors,  cranes  and  automated  storage  and  retrieval  systems  coordinated  by  programmable  logic  controllers  and  computers  running  logistics  automation  software.  these  systems  are  often  installed  in  refrigerated  warehouses
__label__logisticstracking where  temperatures  are  kept  very  cold  to  keep  the  product  from  spoiling.  this  is  especially  true  in  electronics  warehouses  that  require  specific  temperatures  to  avoid  damaging  parts.  automation  is  also  common  where  land  is  expensive,  as  automated  storage  systems  can  use  vertical  space  efficiently.  these  highbay  storage  areas  are  often  more  than  10  meters  33  feet  high,  with  some  over  20  meters  65  feet  high.  automated  storage  systems  can  be  built  up  to  40m  high.for  a  warehouse  to  function  efficiently,  the  facility  must  be  properly  slotted.  slotting  addresses  which  storage  medium  a  product  is  picked  from  pallet  rack  or  carton
__label__logisticstracking flow,  and  how  they  are  picked  picktolight,  picktovoice,  or  picktopaper.  with  a  proper  slotting  plan,  a  warehouse  can  improve  its  inventory  rotation  requirementssuch  as  first  in,  first  out  fifo  and  last  in,  first  out  lifocontrol  labor  costs  and  increase  productivity.pallet  racks  are  commonly  used  to  organize  a  warehouse.  it  is  important  to  know  the  dimensions  of  racking  and  the  number  of  bays  needed  as  well  as  the  dimensions  of  the  product  to  be  stored.  clearance  should  be  accounted  for  if  using  a  forklift  or  pallet  mover  to  move  inventory.  recent  trends  modern  warehouses  commonly  use  a  system  of  wide  aisle
__label__logisticstracking pallet  racking  to  store  goods  which  can  be  loaded  and  unloaded  using  forklift  trucks.traditional  warehousing  has  declined  since  the  last  decades  of  the  20th  century,  with  the  gradual  introduction  of  just  in  time  techniques.  the  jit  system  promotes  product  delivery  directly  from  suppliers  to  consumer  without  the  use  of  warehouses.  however,  with  the  gradual  implementation  of  offshore  outsourcing  and  offshoring  in  about  the  same  time  period,  the  distance  between  the  manufacturer  and  the  retailer  or  the  parts  manufacturer  and  the  industrial  plant  grew  considerably  in  many  domains,  necessitating  at  least  one  warehouse  per  country  or  per  region  in  any  typical
__label__logisticstracking supply  chain  for  a  given  range  of  products.recent  retailing  trends  have  led  to  the  development  of  warehousestyle  retail  stores.  these  highceiling  buildings  display  retail  goods  on  tall,  heavyduty  industrial  racks  rather  than  conventional  retail  shelving.  typically,  items  ready  for  sale  are  on  the  bottom  of  the  racks,  and  crated  or  palletized  inventory  is  in  the  upper  rack.  essentially,  the  same  building  serves  as  both  a  warehouse  and  retail  store.another  trend  relates  to  vendormanaged  inventory  vmi.  this  gives  the  vendor  the  control  to  maintain  the  level  of  stock  in  the  store.  this  method  has  its  own  issue  that  the  vendor  gains
__label__logisticstracking access  to  the  warehouse.large  exporters  and  manufacturers  use  warehouses  as  distribution  points  for  developing  retail  outlets  in  a  particular  region  or  country.  this  concept  reduces  end  cost  to  the  consumer  and  enhances  the  production  sale  ratio.crossdocking  is  a  specialised  type  of  distribution  center  dc  in  that  little  or  no  inventory  is  stored  and  product  is  received,  processed  if  needed  and  shipped  within  a  short  timeframe.  as  in  warehousing,  there  are  different  types  of  crossdocks.reverse  logistics  is  another  type  of  warehousing  that  has  become  popular  for  environmental  reasons.  the  term  refers  to  items  that  are  going  from  the  end  user  back
__label__logisticstracking to  the  distributor  or  manufacturer.  education  there  are  few  nonprofit  organizations  which  are  focused  on  imparting  knowledge,  education  and  research  in  the  field  of  warehouse  management  and  its  role  in  the  supply  chain  industry.  the  warehousing  education  and  research  council  werc  and  international  warehouse  logistics  association  iwla  in  illinois,  united  states.  they  provide  professional  certification  and  continuing  education  programs  for  the  industry  in  the  country.  the  australian  college  of  training  have  government  funded  programs  to  provide  personal  development  and  continuation  training  in  warehousing  certs  ii  v  diploma,  they  operate  in  western  australia  online  and  face  to  face,  or  australia  wide
__label__logisticstracking for  online  only  courses.  safety  warehousing  has  unique  health  and  safety  challenges  and  has  been  recognized  by  the  national  institute  for  occupational  safety  and  health  niosh  as  a  priority  industry  sector  in  the  national  occupational  research  agenda  nora  to  identify  and  provide  intervention  strategies  regarding  occupational  health  and  safety  issues.  see  also  references  further  reading  kumar  2014.  warehouse  layout  planning  and  part  feeding  methods.  yes  dee  publishing  pvt  ltd.  isbn  9789380381381.the  story  of  the  bale..  manchester:  lloyds  packing  warehouses  ltd,  princess  street,  1926  external  links  warehouse  analytics  for  astute  logisticians  smart  conference  2011online  shopping  drives  demand  for  warehousing  space  august
__label__logisticstracking in  commerce,  supply  chain  management  scm,  the  management  of  the  flow  of  goods  and  services,  involves  the  movement  and  storage  of  raw  materials,  of  workinprocess  inventory,  and  of  finished  goods  from  point  of  origin  to  point  of  consumption.  interconnected,  interrelated  or  interlinked  networks,  channels  and  node  businesses  combine  in  the  provision  of  products  and  services  required  by  end  customers  in  a  supply  chain.  supplychain  management  has  been  defined  as  the  design,  planning,  execution,  control,  and  monitoring  of  supplychain  activities  with  the  objective  of  creating  net  value,  building  a  competitive  infrastructure,  leveraging  worldwide  logistics,  synchronizing  supply  with  demand  and  measuring  performance
__label__logisticstracking globally.scm  practice  draws  heavily  from  the  areas  of  industrial  engineering,  systems  engineering,  operations  management,  logistics,  procurement,  information  technology,  and  marketing  and  strives  for  an  integrated  approach.  marketing  channels  play  an  important  role  in  supplychain  management.  current  research  in  supplychain  management  is  concerned  with  topics  related  to  sustainability  and  risk  management,  among  others.  some  suggest  that  the  people  dimension  of  scm,  ethical  issues,  internal  integration,  transparency/visibility,  and  human  capital/talent  management  are  topics  that  have,  so  far,  been  underrepresented  on  the  research  agenda.although  it  has  the  same  goals  as  supply  chain  engineering,  supply  chain  management  is  focused  on  a  more  traditional  management
__label__logisticstracking and  business  based  approach,  whereas  supply  chain  engineering  is  focused  on  a  mathematical  model  based  one.  mission  supplychain  management,  techniques  with  the  aim  of  coordinating  all  parts  of  sc  from  supplying  raw  materials  to  delivering  and/or  resumption  of  products,  tries  to  minimize  total  costs  with  respect  to  existing  conflicts  among  the  chain  partners.  an  example  of  these  conflicts  is  the  interrelation  between  the  sale  department  desiring  to  have  higher  inventory  levels  to  fulfill  demands  and  the  warehouse  for  which  lower  inventories  are  desired  to  reduce  holding  costs.  origin  of  the  term  and  definitions  in  1982,  keith  oliver,  a  consultant  at
__label__logisticstracking booz  allen  hamilton  introduced  the  term  supply  chain  management  to  the  public  domain  in  an  interview  for  the  financial  times.in  the  mid1990s,  more  than  a  decade  later,  the  term  supply  chain  management  gained  currency  when  a  flurry  of  articles  and  books  came  out  on  the  subject.  supply  chains  were  originally  defined  as  encompassing  all  activities  associated  with  the  flow  and  transformation  of  goods  from  raw  materials  through  to  the  end  user,  as  well  as  the  associated  information  flows.  supplychain  management  was  then  further  defined  as  the  integration  of  supply  chain  activities  through  improved  supplychain  relationships  to  achieve  a  competitive  advantage.in
__label__logisticstracking the  late  1990s,  supplychain  management  scm  rose  to  prominence,  and  operations  managers  began  to  use  it  in  their  titles  with  increasing  regularity.other  commonly  accepted  definitions  of  supplychain  management  include:the  management  of  upstream  and  downstream  valueadded  flows  of  materials,  final  goods,  and  related  information  among  suppliers,  company,  resellers,  and  final  consumers.the  systematic,  strategic  coordination  of  traditional  business  functions  and  tactics  across  all  business  functions  within  a  particular  company  and  across  businesses  within  the  supply  chain,  for  the  purposes  of  improving  the  longterm  performance  of  the  individual  companies  and  the  supply  chain  as  a  wholea  customerfocused  definition  is  given  by  hines  2004:p76:
__label__logisticstracking supply  chain  strategies  require  a  total  systems  view  of  the  links  in  the  chain  that  work  together  efficiently  to  create  customer  satisfaction  at  the  end  point  of  delivery  to  the  consumer.  as  a  consequence,  costs  must  be  lowered  throughout  the  chain  by  driving  out  unnecessary  expenses,  movements,  and  handling.  the  main  focus  is  turned  to  efficiency  and  added  value,  or  the  end  users  perception  of  value.  efficiency  must  be  increased,  and  bottlenecks  removed.  the  measurement  of  performance  focuses  on  total  system  efficiency  and  the  equitable  monetary  reward  distribution  to  those  within  the  supply  chain.  the  supplychain  system  must  be  responsive
__label__logisticstracking to  customer  requirements.the  integration  of  key  business  processes  across  the  supply  chain  for  the  purpose  of  creating  value  for  customers  and  stakeholdersaccording  to  the  council  of  supply  chain  management  professionals  cscmp,  supplychain  management  encompasses  the  planning  and  management  of  all  activities  involved  in  sourcing,  procurement,  conversion,  and  logistics  management.  it  also  includes  coordination  and  collaboration  with  channel  partners,  which  may  be  suppliers,  intermediaries,  thirdparty  service  providers,  or  customers.  supplychain  management  integrates  supply  and  demand  management  within  and  across  companies.  more  recently,  the  loosely  coupled,  selforganizing  network  of  businesses  that  cooperate  to  provide  product  and  service  offerings  has  been  called  the
__label__logisticstracking extended  enterprise.a  supply  chain,  as  opposed  to  supplychain  management,  is  a  set  of  organizations  directly  linked  by  one  or  more  upstream  and  downstream  flows  of  products,  services,  finances,  or  information  from  a  source  to  a  customer.  supplychain  management  is  the  management  of  such  a  chain.supplychainmanagement  software  includes  tools  or  modules  used  to  execute  supply  chain  transactions,  manage  supplier  relationships,  and  control  associated  business  processes.supplychain  event  management  scem  considers  all  possible  events  and  factors  that  can  disrupt  a  supply  chain.  with  scem,  possible  scenarios  can  be  created  and  solutions  devised.in  many  cases,  the  supply  chain  includes  the  collection  of  goods  after
__label__logisticstracking consumer  use  for  recycling.  including  thirdparty  logistics  or  other  gathering  agencies  as  part  of  the  rm  repatriation  process  is  a  way  of  illustrating  the  new  endgame  strategy.  functions  supplychain  management  is  a  crossfunctional  approach  that  includes  managing  the  movement  of  raw  materials  into  an  organization,  certain  aspects  of  the  internal  processing  of  materials  into  finished  goods,  and  the  movement  of  finished  goods  out  of  the  organization  and  toward  the  end  consumer.  as  organizations  strive  to  focus  on  core  competencies  and  become  more  flexible,  they  reduce  their  ownership  of  raw  materials  sources  and  distribution  channels.  these  functions  are  increasingly  being  outsourced
__label__logisticstracking to  other  firms  that  can  perform  the  activities  better  or  more  cost  effectively.  the  effect  is  to  increase  the  number  of  organizations  involved  in  satisfying  customer  demand,  while  reducing  managerial  control  of  daily  logistics  operations.  less  control  and  more  supplychain  partners  lead  to  the  creation  of  the  concept  of  supplychain  management.  the  purpose  of  supplychain  management  is  to  improve  trust  and  collaboration  among  supplychain  partners  thus  improving  inventory  visibility  and  the  velocity  of  inventory  movement.  in  this  section  we  have  to  communicate  with  all  the  vendors,  suppliers  and  after  that  we  have  to  take  some  comparisons  after  that  we  have
__label__logisticstracking to  place  the  order.  importance  organizations  increasingly  find  that  they  must  rely  on  effective  supply  chains,  or  networks,  to  compete  in  the  global  market  and  networked  economy.  in  peter  druckers  1998  new  management  paradigms,  this  concept  of  business  relationships  extends  beyond  traditional  enterprise  boundaries  and  seeks  to  organize  entire  business  processes  throughout  a  value  chain  of  multiple  companies.in  recent  decades,  globalization,  outsourcing,  and  information  technology  have  enabled  many  organizations,  such  as  dell  and  hewlett  packard,  to  successfully  operate  collaborative  supply  networks  in  which  each  specialized  business  partner  focuses  on  only  a  few  key  strategic  activities.  this  interorganisational  supply  network  can
__label__logisticstracking be  acknowledged  as  a  new  form  of  organisation.  however,  with  the  complicated  interactions  among  the  players,  the  network  structure  fits  neither  market  nor  hierarchy  categories.  it  is  not  clear  what  kind  of  performance  impacts  different  supplynetwork  structures  could  have  on  firms,  and  little  is  known  about  the  coordination  conditions  and  tradeoffs  that  may  exist  among  the  players.  from  a  systems  perspective,  a  complex  network  structure  can  be  decomposed  into  individual  component  firms.  traditionally,  companies  in  a  supply  network  concentrate  on  the  inputs  and  outputs  of  the  processes,  with  little  concern  for  the  internal  management  working  of  other  individual  players.  therefore,
__label__logisticstracking the  choice  of  an  internal  management  control  structure  is  known  to  impact  local  firm  performance.in  the  21st  century,  changes  in  the  business  environment  have  contributed  to  the  development  of  supplychain  networks.  first,  as  an  outcome  of  globalization  and  the  proliferation  of  multinational  companies,  joint  ventures,  strategic  alliances,  and  business  partnerships,  significant  success  factors  were  identified,  complementing  the  earlier  justintime,  lean  manufacturing,  and  agile  manufacturing  practices.  second,  technological  changes,  particularly  the  dramatic  fall  in  communication  costs  a  significant  component  of  transaction  costs,  have  led  to  changes  in  coordination  among  the  members  of  the  supply  chain  network.many  researchers  have  recognized  supply  network
__label__logisticstracking structures  as  a  new  organisational  form,  using  terms  such  as  keiretsu,  extended  enterprise,  virtual  corporation,  global  production  network,  and  next  generation  manufacturing  system.  in  general,  such  a  structure  can  be  defined  as  a  group  of  semiindependent  organisations,  each  with  their  capabilities,  which  collaborate  in  everchanging  constellations  to  serve  one  or  more  markets  in  order  to  achieve  some  business  goal  specific  to  that  collaboration.supplychain  management  is  also  important  for  organizational  learning.  firms  with  geographically  more  extensive  supply  chains  connecting  diverse  trading  cliques  tend  to  become  more  innovative  and  productive.the  securitymanagement  system  for  supply  chains  is  described  in  iso/iec  28000  and  iso/iec
__label__logisticstracking 28001  and  related  standards  published  jointly  by  the  iso  and  the  iec.  supplychain  management  draws  heavily  from  the  areas  of  operations  management,  logistics,  procurement,  and  information  technology,  and  strives  for  an  integrated  approach.  historical  developments  six  major  movements  can  be  observed  in  the  evolution  of  supplychain  management  studies:  creation,  integration,  and  globalization,  specialization  phases  one  and  two,  and  scm  2.0.  creation  era  the  term  supply  chain  management  was  first  coined  by  keith  oliver  in  1982.  however,  the  concept  of  a  supply  chain  in  management  was  of  great  importance  long  before,  in  the  early  20th  century,  especially  with  the  creation  of
__label__logisticstracking the  assembly  line.  the  characteristics  of  this  era  of  supplychain  management  include  the  need  for  largescale  changes,  reengineering,  downsizing  driven  by  cost  reduction  programs,  and  widespread  attention  to  japanese  management  practices.  however,  the  term  became  widely  adopted  after  the  publication  of  the  seminal  book  introduction  to  supply  chain  management  in  1999  by  robert  b.  handfield  and  ernest  l.  nichols,  jr.,  which  published  over  25,000  copies  and  was  translated  into  japanese,  korean,  chinese,  and  russian.  integration  era  this  era  of  supplychainmanagement  studies  was  highlighted  with  the  development  of  electronic  data  interchange  edi  systems  in  the  1960s,  and  developed  through  the  1990s
__label__logisticstracking by  the  introduction  of  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  systems.  this  era  has  continued  to  develop  into  the  21st  century  with  the  expansion  of  internetbased  collaborative  systems.  this  era  of  supplychain  evolution  is  characterized  by  both  increasing  value  added  and  reducing  costs  through  integration.a  supply  chain  can  be  classified  as  a  stage  1,  2  or  3  network.  in  a  stage  1type  supply  chain,  systems  such  as  production,  storage,  distribution,  and  material  control  are  not  linked  and  are  independent  of  each  other.  in  a  stage  2  supply  chain,  these  are  integrated  under  one  plan  and  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  is  enabled.  a
__label__logisticstracking stage  3  supply  chain  is  one  that  achieves  vertical  integration  with  upstream  suppliers  and  downstream  customers.  an  example  of  this  kind  of  supply  chain  is  tesco.  globalization  era  it  is  the  third  movement  of  supplychainmanagement  development,  the  globalization  era,  can  be  characterized  by  the  attention  given  to  global  systems  of  supplier  relationships  and  the  expansion  of  supply  chains  beyond  national  boundaries  and  into  other  continents.  although  the  use  of  global  sources  in  organisations  supply  chains  can  be  traced  back  several  decades  e.g.,  in  the  oil  industry,  it  was  not  until  the  late  1980s  that  a  considerable  number  of  organizations  started
__label__logisticstracking to  integrate  global  sources  into  their  core  business.  this  era  is  characterized  by  the  globalization  of  supplychain  management  in  organizations  with  the  goal  of  increasing  their  competitive  advantage,  adding  value,  and  reducing  costs  through  global  sourcing.  specialization  era  phase  i:  outsourced  manufacturing  and  distribution  in  the  1990s,  companies  began  to  focus  on  core  competencies  and  specialization.  they  abandoned  vertical  integration,  sold  off  noncore  operations,  and  outsourced  those  functions  to  other  companies.  this  changed  management  requirements,  as  the  supply  chain  extended  beyond  the  company  walls  and  management  was  distributed  across  specialized  supplychain  partnerships.this  transition  also  refocused  the  fundamental  perspectives  of  each
__label__logisticstracking organization.  original  equipment  manufacturers  oems  became  brand  owners  that  required  visibility  deep  into  their  supply  base.  they  had  to  control  the  entire  supply  chain  from  above,  instead  of  from  within.  contract  manufacturers  had  to  manage  bills  of  material  with  different  partnumbering  schemes  from  multiple  oems  and  support  customer  requests  for  workinprocess  visibility  and  vendormanaged  inventory  vmi.the  specialization  model  creates  manufacturing  and  distribution  networks  composed  of  several  individual  supply  chains  specific  to  producers,  suppliers,  and  customers  that  work  together  to  design,  manufacture,  distribute,  market,  sell,  and  service  a  product.  this  set  of  partners  may  change  according  to  a  given  market,  region,
__label__logisticstracking or  channel,  resulting  in  a  proliferation  of  trading  partner  environments,  each  with  its  own  unique  characteristics  and  demands.  specialization  era  phase  ii:  supplychain  management  as  a  service  specialization  within  the  supply  chain  began  in  the  1980s  with  the  inception  of  transportation  brokerages,  warehouse  management  storage  and  inventory,  and  nonassetbased  carriers,  and  has  matured  beyond  transportation  and  logistics  into  aspects  of  supply  planning,  collaboration,  execution,  and  performance  management.market  forces  sometimes  demand  rapid  changes  from  suppliers,  logistics  providers,  locations,  or  customers  in  their  role  as  components  of  supplychain  networks.  this  variability  has  significant  effects  on  supplychain  infrastructure,  from  the  foundation  layers  of
__label__logisticstracking establishing  and  managing  electronic  communication  between  trading  partners,  to  more  complex  requirements  such  as  the  configuration  of  processes  and  work  flows  that  are  essential  to  the  management  of  the  network  itself.supplychain  specialization  enables  companies  to  improve  their  overall  competencies  in  the  same  way  that  outsourced  manufacturing  and  distribution  has  done;  it  allows  them  to  focus  on  their  core  competencies  and  assemble  networks  of  specific,  bestinclass  partners  to  contribute  to  the  overall  value  chain  itself,  thereby  increasing  overall  performance  and  efficiency.  the  ability  to  quickly  obtain  and  deploy  this  domainspecific  supplychain  expertise  without  developing  and  maintaining  an  entirely  unique  and  complex
__label__logisticstracking competency  in  house  is  a  leading  reason  why  supplychain  specialization  is  gaining  popularity.outsourced  technology  hosting  for  supplychain  solutions  debuted  in  the  late  1990s  and  has  taken  root  primarily  in  transportation  and  collaboration  categories.  this  has  progressed  from  the  application  service  provider  asp  model  from  roughly  1998  through  2003,  to  the  ondemand  model  from  approximately  2003  through  2006,  to  the  software  as  a  service  saas  model  currently  in  focus  today.  supplychain  management  2.0  scm  2.0  building  on  globalization  and  specialization,  the  term  scm  2.0  has  been  coined  to  describe  both  changes  within  supply  chains  themselves  as  well  as  the  evolution  of
__label__logisticstracking processes,  methods,  and  tools  to  manage  them  in  this  new  era.  the  growing  popularity  of  collaborative  platforms  is  highlighted  by  the  rise  of  tradecards  supplychaincollaboration  platform,  which  connects  multiple  buyers  and  suppliers  with  financial  institutions,  enabling  them  to  conduct  automated  supplychain  finance  transactions.web  2.0  is  a  trend  in  the  use  of  the  world  wide  web  that  is  meant  to  increase  creativity,  information  sharing,  and  collaboration  among  users.  at  its  core,  the  common  attribute  of  web  2.0  is  to  help  navigate  the  vast  information  available  on  the  web  in  order  to  find  what  is  being  bought.  it  is  the  notion  of
__label__logisticstracking a  usable  pathway.  scm  2.0  replicates  this  notion  in  supply  chain  operations.  it  is  the  pathway  to  scm  results,  a  combination  of  processes,  methodologies,  tools,  and  delivery  options  to  guide  companies  to  their  results  quickly  as  the  complexity  and  speed  of  the  supplychain  increase  due  to  global  competition;  rapid  price  fluctuations;  changing  oil  prices;  short  product  life  cycles;  expanded  specialization;  near,  far,  and  offshoring;  and  talent  scarcity.  businessprocess  integration  successful  scm  requires  a  change  from  managing  individual  functions  to  integrating  activities  into  key  supplychain  processes.  in  an  example  scenario,  a  purchasing  department  places  orders  as  its  requirements  become  known.  the
__label__logisticstracking marketing  department,  responding  to  customer  demand,  communicates  with  several  distributors  and  retailers  as  it  attempts  to  determine  ways  to  satisfy  this  demand.  information  shared  between  supplychain  partners  can  only  be  fully  leveraged  through  process  integration.supplychain  businessprocess  integration  involves  collaborative  work  between  buyers  and  suppliers,  joint  product  development,  common  systems,  and  shared  information.  according  to  lambert  and  cooper  2000,  operating  an  integrated  supply  chain  requires  a  continuous  information  flow.however,  in  many  companies,  management  has  concluded  that  optimizing  product  flows  cannot  be  accomplished  without  implementing  a  process  approach.  the  key  supplychain  processes  stated  by  lambert  2004  are:customerrelationship  managementcustomerservice  managementdemandmanagement  styleorder  fulfillmentmanufacturingflow  managementsupplierrelationship
__label__logisticstracking managementproduct  development  and  commercializationreturns  managementmuch  has  been  written  about  demand  management.  bestinclass  companies  have  similar  characteristics,  which  include  the  following:internal  and  external  collaborationinitiatives  to  reduce  lead  timetighter  feedback  from  customer  and  market  demandcustomerlevel  forecastingone  could  suggest  other  critical  supply  business  processes  that  combine  these  processes  stated  by  lambert,  such  as:customer  service  management  processcustomer  relationship  management  concerns  the  relationship  between  an  organization  and  its  customers.  customer  service  is  the  source  of  customer  information.  it  also  provides  the  customer  with  realtime  information  on  scheduling  and  product  availability  through  interfaces  with  the  companys  production  and  distribution  operations.  successful  organizations  use  the  following  steps
__label__logisticstracking to  build  customer  relationships:determine  mutually  satisfying  goals  for  organization  and  customersestablish  and  maintain  customer  rapportinduce  positive  feelings  in  the  organization  and  the  customersprocurement  processstrategic  plans  are  drawn  up  with  suppliers  to  support  the  manufacturing  flow  management  process  and  the  development  of  new  products.  in  firms  whose  operations  extend  globally,  sourcing  may  be  managed  on  a  global  basis.  the  desired  outcome  is  a  relationship  where  both  parties  benefit  and  a  reduction  in  the  time  required  for  the  products  design  and  development.  the  purchasing  function  may  also  develop  rapid  communication  systems,  such  as  electronic  data  interchange  edi  and  internet  linkage,  to  convey
__label__logisticstracking possible  requirements  more  rapidly.  activities  related  to  obtaining  products  and  materials  from  outside  suppliers  involve  resource  planning,  supply  sourcing,  negotiation,  order  placement,  inbound  transportation,  storage,  handling,  and  quality  assurance,  many  of  which  include  the  responsibility  to  coordinate  with  suppliers  on  matters  of  scheduling,  supply  continuity  inventory,  hedging,  and  research  into  new  sources  or  programs.  procurement  has  recently  been  recognized  as  a  core  source  of  value,  driven  largely  by  the  increasing  trends  to  outsource  products  and  services,  and  the  changes  in  the  global  ecosystem  requiring  stronger  relationships  between  buyers  and  sellers.product  development  and  commercializationhere,  customers  and  suppliers  must  be  integrated  into
__label__logisticstracking the  product  development  process  in  order  to  reduce  the  time  to  market.  as  product  life  cycles  shorten,  the  appropriate  products  must  be  developed  and  successfully  launched  with  evershorter  time  schedules  in  order  for  firms  to  remain  competitive.  according  to  lambert  and  cooper  2000,  managers  of  the  product  development  and  commercialization  process  must:coordinate  with  customer  relationship  management  to  identify  customerarticulated  needs;select  materials  and  suppliers  in  conjunction  with  procurement;  anddevelop  production  technology  in  manufacturing  flow  to  manufacture  and  integrate  into  the  best  supply  chain  flow  for  the  given  combination  of  product  and  markets.integration  of  suppliers  into  the  new  product  development  process  was
__label__logisticstracking shown  to  have  a  major  impact  on  product  target  cost,  quality,  delivery,  and  market  share.  tapping  into  suppliers  as  a  source  of  innovation  requires  an  extensive  process  characterized  by  development  of  technology  sharing,  but  also  involves  managing  intellectual  property  issues.manufacturing  flow  management  processthe  manufacturing  process  produces  and  supplies  products  to  the  distribution  channels  based  on  past  forecasts.  manufacturing  processes  must  be  flexible  in  order  to  respond  to  market  changes  and  must  accommodate  mass  customization.  orders  are  processes  operating  on  a  justintime  jit  basis  in  minimum  lot  sizes.  changes  in  the  manufacturing  flow  process  lead  to  shorter  cycle  times,  meaning  improved
__label__logisticstracking responsiveness  and  efficiency  in  meeting  customer  demand.  this  process  manages  activities  related  to  planning,  scheduling,  and  supporting  manufacturing  operations,  such  as  workinprocess  storage,  handling,  transportation,  and  time  phasing  of  components,  inventory  at  manufacturing  sites,  and  maximum  flexibility  in  the  coordination  of  geographical  and  final  assemblies  postponement  of  physical  distribution  operations.physical  distributionthis  concerns  the  movement  of  a  finished  product  or  service  to  customers.  in  physical  distribution,  the  customer  is  the  final  destination  of  a  marketing  channel,  and  the  availability  of  the  product  or  service  is  a  vital  part  of  each  channel  participants  marketing  effort.  it  is  also  through  the  physical  distribution
__label__logisticstracking process  that  the  time  and  space  of  customer  service  become  an  integral  part  of  marketing.  thus  it  links  a  marketing  channel  with  its  customers  i.e.,  it  links  manufacturers,  wholesalers,  and  retailers.outsourcing/partnershipsthis  includes  not  just  the  outsourcing  of  the  procurement  of  materials  and  components,  but  also  the  outsourcing  of  services  that  traditionally  have  been  provided  inhouse.  the  logic  of  this  trend  is  that  the  company  will  increasingly  focus  on  those  activities  in  the  value  chain  in  which  it  has  a  distinctive  advantage  and  outsource  everything  else.  this  movement  has  been  particularly  evident  in  logistics,  where  the  provision  of  transport,  storage,  and
__label__logisticstracking inventory  control  is  increasingly  subcontracted  to  specialists  or  logistics  partners.  also,  managing  and  controlling  this  network  of  partners  and  suppliers  requires  a  blend  of  central  and  local  involvement:  strategic  decisions  are  taken  centrally,  while  the  monitoring  and  control  of  supplier  performance  and  daytoday  liaison  with  logistics  partners  are  best  managed  locally.performance  measurementexperts  found  a  strong  relationship  from  the  largest  arcs  of  supplier  and  customer  integration  to  market  share  and  profitability.  taking  advantage  of  supplier  capabilities  and  emphasizing  a  longterm  supplychain  perspective  in  customer  relationships  can  both  be  correlated  with  a  firms  performance.  as  logistics  competency  becomes  a  critical  factor  in
__label__logisticstracking creating  and  maintaining  competitive  advantage,  measuring  logistics  performance  becomes  increasingly  important,  because  the  difference  between  profitable  and  unprofitable  operations  becomes  narrower.  a.t.  kearney  consultants  1985  noted  that  firms  engaging  in  comprehensive  performance  measurement  realized  improvements  in  overall  productivity.  according  to  experts,  internal  measures  are  generally  collected  and  analyzed  by  the  firm,  including  cost,  customer  service,  productivity,  asset  measurement,  and  quality.  external  performance  is  measured  through  customer  perception  measures  and  best  practice  benchmarking.warehousing  managementto  reduce  a  companys  cost  and  expenses,  warehousing  management  is  concerned  with  storage,  reducing  manpower  cost,  dispatching  authority  with  on  time  delivery,  loading  unloading  facilities  with  proper  area,
__label__logisticstracking inventory  management  system  etc.workflow  managementintegrating  suppliers  and  customers  tightly  into  a  workflow  or  business  process  and  thereby  achieving  an  efficient  and  effective  supply  chain  is  a  key  goal  of  workflow  management.  theories  there  are  gaps  in  the  literature  on  supplychain  management  studies  at  present  2015:  there  is  no  theoretical  support  for  explaining  the  existence  or  the  boundaries  of  supplychain  management.  a  few  authors,  such  as  halldorsson  et  al.,  ketchen  and  hult  2006,  and  lavassani  et  al.  2009,  have  tried  to  provide  theoretical  foundations  for  different  areas  related  to  supply  chain  by  employing  organizational  theories,  which  may  include  the  following:resourcebased  view
__label__logisticstracking rbvtransaction  cost  analysis  tcaknowledgebased  view  kbvstrategic  choice  theory  sctagency  theory  atchannel  coordinationinstitutional  theory  intsystems  theory  stnetwork  perspective  npmaterials  logistics  management  mlmjustintime  jitmaterial  requirements  planning  mrptheory  of  constraints  toctotal  quality  management  tqmagile  manufacturingtimebased  competition  tbcquick  response  manufacturing  qrmcustomer  relationship  management  crmrequirements  chain  management  rcmdynamic  capabilities  theorydynamic  management  theoryavailabletopromise  atpsupply  chain  roadmaphowever,  the  unit  of  analysis  of  most  of  these  theories  is  not  the  supply  chain  but  rather  another  system,  such  as  the  firm  or  the  supplierbuyer  relationship.  among  the  few  exceptions  is  the  relational  view,  which  outlines  a  theory  for  considering  dyads  and  networks  of  firms  as  a  key  unit  of
__label__logisticstracking analysis  for  explaining  superior  individual  firm  performance  dyer  and  singh,  1998.  supply  chain  in  the  study  of  supplychain  management,  the  concept  of  centroids  has  become  an  important  economic  consideration.  a  centroid  is  a  location  that  has  a  high  proportion  of  a  countrys  population  and  a  high  proportion  of  its  manufacturing,  generally  within  500  mi  805  km.  in  the  us,  two  major  supply  chain  centroids  have  been  defined,  one  near  dayton,  ohio,  and  a  second  near  riverside,  california.the  centroid  near  dayton  is  particularly  important  because  it  is  closest  to  the  population  center  of  the  us  and  canada.  dayton  is  within  500
__label__logisticstracking miles  of  60  of  the  us  population  and  manufacturing  capacity,  as  well  as  60  of  canadas  population.  the  region  includes  the  interchange  between  i70  and  i75,  one  of  the  busiest  in  the  nation,  with  154,000  vehicles  passing  through  per  day,  of  which  3035  are  trucks  hauling  goods.  in  addition,  the  i75  corridor  is  home  to  the  busiest  northsouth  rail  route  east  of  the  mississippi  river.  walmart  strategic  sourcing  approaches  in  2010,  walmart  announced  a  big  change  in  its  sourcing  strategy.  initially,  walmart  relied  on  intermediaries  in  the  sourcing  process.  it  bought  only  20  of  its  stock  directly,  but  the  rest
__label__logisticstracking were  bought  through  the  intermediaries.  therefore,  the  company  came  to  realize  that  the  presence  of  many  intermediaries  in  the  product  sourcing  was  actually  increasing  the  costs  in  the  supply  chain.  to  cut  these  costs,  walmart  decided  to  do  away  with  intermediaries  in  the  supply  chain  and  started  direct  sourcing  of  its  goods  from  the  suppliers.  eduardo  castrowright,  the  then  vice  president  of  walmart,  set  an  ambitious  goal  of  buying  80  of  all  walmart  goods  directly  from  the  suppliers.  walmart  started  purchasing  fruits  and  vegetables  on  a  global  scale,  where  it  interacted  directly  with  the  suppliers  of  these  goods.  the  company
__label__logisticstracking later  engaged  the  suppliers  of  other  goods,  such  as  cloth  and  home  electronics  appliances,  directly  and  eliminated  the  importing  agents.  the  purchaser,  in  this  case  walmart,  can  easily  direct  the  suppliers  on  how  to  manufacture  certain  products  so  that  they  can  be  acceptable  to  the  consumers.  thus,  walmart,  through  direct  sourcing,  manages  to  get  the  exact  product  quality  as  it  expects,  since  it  engages  the  suppliers  in  the  producing  of  these  products,  hence  quality  consistency.  using  agents  in  the  sourcing  process  in  most  cases  lead  to  inconsistency  in  the  quality  of  the  products,  since  the  agents  source  the  products  from
__label__logisticstracking different  manufacturers  that  have  varying  qualities.walmart  managed  to  source  directly  80  profit  its  stock;  this  has  greatly  eliminated  the  intermediaries  and  cut  down  the  costs  between  515,  as  markups  that  are  introduced  by  these  middlemen  in  the  supply  chain  are  cut.  this  saves  approximately  415  billion.  this  strategy  of  direct  sourcing  not  only  helped  walmart  in  reducing  the  costs  in  the  supply  chain  but  also  helped  in  the  improvement  of  supply  chain  activities  through  boosting  efficiency  throughout  the  entire  process.  in  other  words,  direct  sourcing  reduced  the  time  that  takes  the  company  to  source  and  stocks  the  products  in  its
__label__logisticstracking stock.  the  presence  of  the  intermediaries  elongated  the  time  in  the  process  of  procurement,  which  sometimes  led  to  delays  in  the  supply  of  the  commodities  in  the  stores,  thus,  customers  finding  empty  shelves.  walmart  adopted  this  strategy  of  sourcing  through  centralizing  the  entire  process  of  procurement  and  sourcing  by  setting  up  four  global  merchandising  points  for  general  goods  and  clothing.  the  company  instructed  all  the  suppliers  to  bring  their  products  to  these  central  points  that  are  located  in  different  markets.  the  procurement  team  assesses  the  quality  brought  by  the  suppliers,  buys  the  goods,  and  distributes  them  to  various  regional  markets.
__label__logisticstracking the  procurement  and  sourcing  at  centralized  places  helped  the  company  to  consolidate  the  suppliers.the  company  has  established  four  centralized  points,  including  an  office  in  mexico  city  and  canada.  just  a  mere  piloting  test  on  combining  the  purchase  of  fresh  apples  across  the  united  states,  mexico,  and  canada  led  to  the  savings  of  about  10.  as  a  result,  the  company  intended  to  increase  centralization  of  its  procurement  in  north  america  for  all  its  fresh  fruits  and  vegetables.  thus,  centralization  of  the  procurement  process  to  various  points  where  the  suppliers  would  be  meeting  with  the  procurement  team  is  the  latest  strategy  which
__label__logisticstracking the  company  is  implementing,  and  signs  show  that  this  strategy  is  going  to  cut  costs  and  also  improve  the  efficiency  of  the  procumbent  process.strategic  vendor  partnerships  is  another  strategy  the  company  is  using  in  the  sourcing  process.  walmart  realized  that  in  order  for  it  to  ensure  consistency  in  the  quality  of  the  products  it  offers  to  the  consumers  and  also  maintain  a  steady  supply  of  goods  in  its  stores  at  a  lower  cost,  it  had  to  create  strategic  vendor  partnerships  with  the  suppliers.  walmart  identified  and  selected  the  suppliers  who  met  its  demand  and  at  the  same  time  offered  it
__label__logisticstracking the  best  prices  for  the  goods.  it  then  made  a  strategic  relationship  with  these  vendors  by  offering  and  assuring  the  longterm  and  high  volume  of  purchases  in  exchange  for  the  lowest  possible  prices.  thus,  the  company  has  managed  to  source  its  products  from  same  suppliers  as  bulks,  but  at  lower  prices.  this  enables  the  company  to  offer  competitive  prices  for  its  products  in  its  stores,  hence,  maintaining  a  competitive  advantage  over  its  competitors  whose  goods  are  a  more  expensive  in  comparison.another  sourcing  strategy  walmart  uses  is  implementing  efficient  communication  relationships  with  the  vendor  networks;  this  is  necessary  to  improve  the
__label__logisticstracking material  flow.  the  company  has  all  the  contacts  with  the  suppliers  whom  they  communicate  regularly  and  make  dates  on  when  the  goods  would  be  needed,  so  that  the  suppliers  get  ready  to  deliver  the  goods  in  time.  the  efficient  communication  between  the  companys  procurement  team  and  the  inventory  management  team  enables  the  company  to  source  goods  and  fill  its  shelves  on  time,  without  causing  delays  and  empty  shelves.  in  other  words,  the  company  realized  that  in  ensuring  a  steady  flow  of  the  goods  into  the  store,  the  suppliers  have  to  be  informed  early  enough,  so  that  they  can  act  accordingly
__label__logisticstracking to  avoid  delays  in  the  delivery  of  goods.  thus,  efficient  communication  is  another  tool  which  walmart  is  using  to  make  the  supply  chain  be  more  efficient  and  to  cut  costs.crossdocking  is  another  strategy  that  walmart  is  using  to  cut  costs  in  its  supply  chain.  crossdocking  is  the  process  of  transferring  goods  directly  from  inbound  trucks  to  outbound  trucks.  when  the  trucks  from  the  suppliers  arrive  at  the  distribution  centers,  most  of  the  trucks  are  not  offloaded  to  keep  the  goods  in  the  distribution  centers  or  warehouses;  they  are  transferred  directly  to  another  truck  designated  to  deliver  goods  to  specific  retail
__label__logisticstracking stores  for  sale.  crossdocking  helps  in  saving  the  storage  costs.  initially,  the  company  was  incurring  considerable  costs  of  storing  the  suppliers  from  the  suppliers  in  its  warehouses  and  the  distributions  centers  to  await  the  distribution  trucks  to  the  retail  stores  in  various  regions.  taxefficient  supplychain  management  taxefficient  supplychain  management  is  a  business  model  that  considers  the  effect  of  tax  in  the  design  and  implementation  of  supplychain  management.  as  the  consequence  of  globalization,  crossnational  businesses  pay  different  tax  rates  in  different  countries.  due  to  these  differences,  they  may  legally  optimize  their  supply  chain  and  increase  profits  based  on  tax  efficiency.  sustainability
__label__logisticstracking and  social  responsibility  in  supply  chains  supplychain  sustainability  is  a  business  issue  affecting  an  organizations  supply  chain  or  logistics  network,  and  is  frequently  quantified  by  comparison  with  sech  ratings,  which  uses  a  triple  bottom  line  incorporating  economic,  social,  and  environmental  aspects.  sech  ratings  are  defined  as  social,  ethical,  cultural,  and  health  footprints.  consumers  have  become  more  aware  of  the  environmental  impact  of  their  purchases  and  companies  sech  ratings  and,  along  with  nongovernmental  organizations  ngos,  are  setting  the  agenda  for  transitions  to  organically  grown  foods,  antisweatshop  labor  codes,  and  locally  produced  goods  that  support  independent  and  small  businesses.  because  supply  chains
__label__logisticstracking may  account  for  over  75  of  a  companys  carbon  footprint,  many  organizations  are  exploring  ways  to  reduce  this  and  thus  improve  their  sech  rating.for  example,  in  july  2009,  walmart  announced  its  intentions  to  create  a  global  sustainability  index  that  would  rate  products  according  to  the  environmental  and  social  impacts  of  their  manufacturing  and  distribution.  the  index  is  intended  to  create  environmental  accountability  in  walmarts  supply  chain  and  to  provide  motivation  and  infrastructure  for  other  retail  companies  to  do  the  same.it  has  been  reported  that  companies  are  increasingly  taking  environmental  performance  into  account  when  selecting  suppliers.  a  2011  survey  by  the
__label__logisticstracking carbon  trust  found  that  50  of  multinationals  expect  to  select  their  suppliers  based  upon  carbon  performance  in  the  future  and  29  of  suppliers  could  lose  their  places  on  green  supply  chains  if  they  do  not  have  adequate  performance  records  on  carbon.the  us  doddfrank  wall  street  reform  and  consumer  protection  act,  signed  into  law  by  president  obama  in  july  2010,  contained  a  supply  chain  sustainability  provision  in  the  form  of  the  conflict  minerals  law.  this  law  requires  secregulated  companies  to  conduct  third  party  audits  of  their  supply  chains  in  order  to  determine  whether  any  tin,  tantalum,  tungsten,  or  gold  together  referred
__label__logisticstracking to  as  conflict  minerals  is  mined  or  sourced  from  the  democratic  republic  of  the  congo,  and  create  a  report  available  to  the  general  public  and  sec  detailing  the  due  diligence  efforts  taken  and  the  results  of  the  audit.  the  chain  of  suppliers  and  vendors  to  these  reporting  companies  will  be  expected  to  provide  appropriate  supporting  information.incidents  like  the  2013  savar  building  collapse  with  more  than  1,100  victims  have  led  to  widespread  discussions  about  corporate  social  responsibility  across  global  supply  chains.  wieland  and  handfield  2013  suggest  that  companies  need  to  audit  products  and  suppliers  and  that  supplier  auditing  needs  to  go
__label__logisticstracking beyond  direct  relationships  with  firsttier  suppliers.  they  also  demonstrate  that  visibility  needs  to  be  improved  if  supply  cannot  be  directly  controlled  and  that  smart  and  electronic  technologies  play  a  key  role  to  improve  visibility.  finally,  they  highlight  that  collaboration  with  local  partners,  across  the  industry  and  with  universities  is  crucial  to  successfully  managing  social  responsibility  in  supply  chains.  circular  supplychain  management  circular  supplychain  management  cscm  is  the  configuration  and  coordination  of  the  organisational  functions  marketing,  sales,  rd,  production,  logistics,  it,  finance,  and  customer  service  within  and  across  business  units  and  organizations  to  close,  slow,  intensify,  narrow,  and  dematerialise  material  and
__label__logisticstracking energy  loops  to  minimise  resource  input  into  and  waste  and  emission  leakage  out  of  the  system,  improve  its  operative  effectiveness  and  efficiency  and  generate  competitive  advantages.  by  reducing  resource  input  and  waste  leakage  along  the  supply  chain  and  configure  it  to  enable  the  recirculation  of  resources  at  different  stages  of  the  product  or  service  lifecycle,  potential  economic  and  environmental  benefits  can  be  achieved.  these  comprise  e.g.  a  decrease  in  material  and  waste  management  cost  and  reduced  emissions  and  resource  consumption.  components  management  components  scm  components  are  the  third  element  of  the  foursquare  circulation  framework.  the  level  of  integration  and  management
__label__logisticstracking of  a  business  process  link  is  a  function  of  the  number  and  level  of  components  added  to  the  link.  consequently,  adding  more  management  components  or  increasing  the  level  of  each  component  can  increase  the  level  of  integration  of  the  business  process  link.literature  on  business  process  reengineering  buyersupplier  relationships,  and  scm  suggests  various  possible  components  that  should  receive  managerial  attention  when  managing  supply  relationships.  lambert  and  cooper  2000  identified  the  following  components:planning  and  controlwork  structureorganization  structureproduct  flow  facility  structureinformation  flow  facility  structuremanagement  methodspower  and  leadership  structurerisk  and  reward  structureculture  and  attitudehowever,  a  more  careful  examination  of  the  existing  literature  leads  to
__label__logisticstracking a  more  comprehensive  understanding  of  what  should  be  the  key  critical  supply  chain  components,  or  branches  of  the  previously  identified  supply  chain  business  processesthat  is,  what  kind  of  relationship  the  components  may  have  that  are  related  to  suppliers  and  customers.  bowersox  and  closs  1996  state  that  the  emphasis  on  cooperation  represents  the  synergism  leading  to  the  highest  level  of  joint  achievement.  a  primarylevel  channel  participant  is  a  business  that  is  willing  to  participate  in  responsibility  for  inventory  ownership  or  assume  other  financial  risks,  thus  including  primary  level  components.  a  secondarylevel  participant  specialized  is  a  business  that  participates  in  channel  relationships
__label__logisticstracking by  performing  essential  services  for  primary  participants,  including  secondary  level  components,  which  support  primary  participants.  thirdlevel  channel  participants  and  components  that  support  primarylevel  channel  participants  and  are  the  fundamental  branches  of  secondarylevel  components  may  also  be  included.consequently,  lambert  and  coopers  framework  of  supply  chain  components  does  not  lead  to  any  conclusion  about  what  are  the  primary  or  secondarylevel  specialized  supply  chain  components  that  is,  which  supply  chain  components  should  be  viewed  as  primary  or  secondary,  how  these  components  should  be  structured  in  order  to  achieve  a  more  comprehensive  supply  chain  structure,  and  how  to  examine  the  supply  chain  as  an
__label__logisticstracking integrative  one.  reverse  supply  chain  reverse  logistics  is  the  process  of  managing  the  return  of  goods.  it  is  also  referred  to  as  aftermarket  customer  services.  any  time  money  is  taken  from  a  companys  warranty  reserve  or  service  logistics  budget,  one  can  speak  of  a  reverse  logistics  operation.reverse  logistics  is  also  the  process  of  managing  the  return  of  goods  from  store,  which  the  returned  goods  are  sent  back  to  warehouse  and  after  that  either  warehouse  scrap  the  goods  or  send  them  back  to  supplier  for  replacement  depending  on  the  warranty  of  the  merchandise.3  systems  and  value  supply  chain  systems  configure  value
__label__logisticstracking for  those  that  organize  the  networks.  value  is  the  additional  revenue  over  and  above  the  costs  of  building  the  network.  cocreating  value  and  sharing  the  benefits  appropriately  to  encourage  effective  participation  is  a  key  challenge  for  any  supply  system.  tony  hines  defines  value  as  follows:  ultimately  it  is  the  customer  who  pays  the  price  for  service  delivered  that  confirms  value  and  not  the  producer  who  simply  adds  cost  until  that  point.  global  applications  global  supply  chains  pose  challenges  regarding  both  quantity  and  value.  supply  and  value  chain  trends  include:globalizationincreased  crossborder  sourcingcollaboration  for  parts  of  value  chain  with  lowcost  providersshared  service
__label__logisticstracking centers  for  logistical  and  administrative  functionsincreasingly  global  operations,  which  require  increasingly  global  coordination  and  planning  to  achieve  global  optimumscomplex  problems  involve  also  midsized  companies  to  an  increasing  degreethese  trends  have  many  benefits  for  manufacturers  because  they  make  possible  larger  lot  sizes,  lower  taxes,  and  better  environments  e.g.,  culture,  infrastructure,  special  tax  zones,  or  sophisticated  oem  for  their  products.  there  are  many  additional  challenges  when  the  scope  of  supply  chains  is  global.  this  is  because  with  a  supply  chain  of  a  larger  scope,  the  lead  time  is  much  longer,  and  because  there  are  more  issues  involved,  such  as  multiple  currencies,  policies,
__label__logisticstracking and  laws.  the  consequent  problems  include  different  currencies  and  valuations  in  different  countries,  different  tax  laws,  different  trading  protocols,  vulnerability  to  natural  disasters  and  cyber  threats,  and  lack  of  transparency  of  cost  and  profit.  supply  chain  consulting  supplychain  consulting  is  the  providing  of  expert  knowledge  in  order  to  assess  the  productivity  of  a  supplychain  and,  ideally,  to  enhance  the  productivity.supply  chain  consulting  is  a  service  involved  in  transfer  of  knowledge  on  how  to  exploit  existing  assets  through  improved  coordination  and  can  hence  be  a  source  of  competitive  advantage;  hereby  the  role  of  the  consultant  is  to  help  management  by  adding
__label__logisticstracking value  to  the  whole  process  through  the  various  sectors  from  the  ordering  of  the  raw  materials  to  the  final  product.on  this  regard,  firms  either  build  internal  teams  of  consultants  to  tackle  the  issue  or  use  external  ones,  companies  choose  between  these  two  approaches  taking  into  consideration  various  factors.the  use  of  external  consultants  is  a  common  practice  among  companies.  the  whole  consulting  process  generally  involves  the  analysis  of  the  entire  supplychain  process,  including  the  countermeasures  or  correctives  to  take  to  achieve  a  better  overall  performance.  certification  skills  and  competencies  supply  chain  professionals  need  to  have  knowledge  of  managing  supply  chain  functions
__label__logisticstracking such  as  transportation,  warehousing,  inventory  management,  and  production  planning.  in  the  past,  supply  chain  professionals  emphasized  logistics  skills,  such  as  knowledge  of  shipping  routes,  familiarity  with  warehousing  equipment  and  distribution  center  locations  and  footprints,  and  a  solid  grasp  of  freight  rates  and  fuel  costs.  more  recently,  supplychain  management  extends  to  logistical  support  across  firms  and  management  of  global  supply  chains.  supply  chain  professionals  need  to  have  an  understanding  of  business  continuity  basics  and  strategies.  roles  and  responsibilities  supply  chain  professionals  play  major  roles  in  the  design  and  management  of  supply  chains.  in  the  design  of  supply  chains,  they  help  determine
__label__logisticstracking whether  a  product  or  service  is  provided  by  the  firm  itself  insourcing  or  by  another  firm  elsewhere  outsourcing.  in  the  management  of  supply  chains,  supply  chain  professionals  coordinate  production  among  multiple  providers,  ensuring  that  production  and  transport  of  goods  happen  with  minimal  quality  control  or  inventory  problems.  one  goal  of  a  welldesigned  and  maintained  supply  chain  for  a  product  is  to  successfully  build  the  product  at  minimal  cost.  such  a  supply  chain  could  be  considered  a  competitive  advantage  for  a  firm.beyond  design  and  maintenance  of  a  supply  chain  itself,  supply  chain  professionals  participate  in  aspects  of  business  that  have  a
__label__logisticstracking bearing  on  supply  chains,  such  as  sales  forecasting,  quality  management,  strategy  development,  customer  service,  and  systems  analysis.  production  of  a  good  may  evolve  over  time,  rendering  an  existing  supply  chain  design  obsolete.  supply  chain  professionals  need  to  be  aware  of  changes  in  production  and  business  climate  that  affect  supply  chains  and  create  alternative  supply  chains  as  the  need  arises.individuals  working  in  supplychain  management  can  attain  a  professional  certification  by  passing  an  exam  developed  by  a  third  party  certification  organizations.  the  purpose  of  certification  is  to  guarantee  a  certain  level  of  expertise  in  the  field.  education  the  knowledge  needed  to  pass
__label__logisticstracking a  certification  exam  may  be  gained  from  several  sources.  some  knowledge  may  come  from  college  courses,  but  most  of  it  is  acquired  from  a  mix  of  onthejob  learning  experiences,  attending  industry  events,  learning  best  practices  with  their  peers,  and  reading  books  and  articles  in  the  field.  certification  organizations  may  provide  certification  workshops  tailored  to  their  exams.  there  are  also  free  websites  that  provide  a  significant  amount  of  educational  articles,  as  well  as  blogs  that  are  internationally  recognized  which  provide  good  sources  of  news  and  updates.  university  rankings  the  following  north  american  universities  rank  high  in  their  masters  education  in  the
__label__logisticstracking scm  world  university  100  ranking,  which  was  published  in  2017  and  which  is  based  on  the  opinions  of  supply  chain  managers:  michigan  state  university,  penn  state  university,  university  of  tennessee,  massachusetts  institute  of  technology,  arizona  state  university,  university  of  texas  at  austin  and  western  michigan  university.  in  the  same  ranking,  the  following  european  universities  rank  high:  cranfield  school  of  management,  vlerick  business  school,  insead,  cambridge  university,  eindhoven  university  of  technology,  london  business  school  and  copenhagen  business  school.  in  the  2016  eduniversal  best  masters  ranking  supply  chain  and  logistics  the  following  universities  rank  high:  massachusetts  institute  of  technology,  kedge  business  school,
__label__logisticstracking purdue  university,  rotterdam  school  of  management,  pontificia  universidad  catolica  del  peru,  universidade  nova  de  lisboa,  vienna  university  of  economics  and  business  and  copenhagen  business  school.  organizations  there  are  a  number  of  organizations  that  provide  certification  exams,  such  as  cscmp  council  of  supply  chain  management  professionals,  iipmr  international  institute  for  procurement  and  market  research,  apics  the  association  for  operations  management,  iscea  the  international  supply  chain  education  alliance  and  ioscm  institute  of  supply  chain  management.  apics  certification  is  called  certified  supply  chain  professional,  or  cscp,  and  isceas  certification  is  called  the  certified  supply  chain  manager  cscm,  ciscm  chartered  institute  of  supply  chain
__label__logisticstracking management  awards  certificate  as  chartered  supply  chain  management  professional  cscmp.  another,  the  institute  for  supply  management,  is  developing  one  called  the  certified  professional  in  supply  management  cpsm  focused  on  the  procurement  and  sourcing  areas  of  supplychain  management.  the  supply  chain  management  association  scma  is  the  main  certifying  body  for  canada  with  the  designations  having  global  reciprocity.  the  designation  supply  chain  management  professional  scmp  is  the  title  of  the  supply  chain  leadership  designation.  topics  addressed  by  selected  professional  supply  chain  certification  programmes  the  following  table  compares  topics  addressed  by  selected  professional  supply  chain  certification  programmes.  see  also  associationsinformsinstitute  of  industrial  engineers
__label__logisticstracking package  tracking  or  package  logging  is  the  process  of  localizing  shipping  containers,  mail  and  parcel  post  at  different  points  of  time  during  sorting,  warehousing,  and  package  delivery  to  verify  their  provenance  and  to  predict  and  aid  delivery.package  tracking  developed  historically  because  it  provided  customers  information  about  the  route  of  a  package  and  the  anticipated  date  and  time  of  delivery.  this  was  important  because  mail  delivery  often  included  multiple  carriers  in  varying  environmental  circumstances,  which  made  it  possible  for  a  mail  to  get  lost.  identification  mail  tracking  is  made  possible  through  certified  mail  and  registered  mail,  additional  postal  services  that  require
__label__logisticstracking the  identity  of  a  piece  of  mail  to  be  recorded  during  various  points  of  delivery,  so  that  the  sender  can  obtain  a  proof  of  delivery  and  the  receiver  can  predict  the  time  of  delivery.  the  service  is  provided  for  an  additional  charge  but  recently  free  service  has  been  introduced  as  the  cost  of  the  associated  technology  has  been  decreasing.initially,  a  piece  of  mail  was  identified  by  the  sending  date  and  the  addresses  of  the  sender  and  the  recipient;  later  tracking  numbers  came  to  be  used  for  identification.  traceability  has  been  improved  even  further  by  barcoding:  by  nonspecific  1d  linear  barcodes
__label__logisticstracking and  2d  matrix  barcodes  and  specialized  augmented  postal  codes  such  as  postal  alpha  numeric  encoding  technique  planet,  postal  numeric  encoding  technique  postnet  and  intelligent  mail  barcode,  and  other  electronic  product  codes  epcs.  methods  to  identify  the  location  of  the  mail,  two  methods  have  been  used.  one  approach  involves  reporting  the  arrival  or  departure  of  the  package  and  recording  the  identity  of  the  package,  the  location,  the  time,  and  the  status.  this  approach  has  been  used  for  package  tracking  provided  by  the  delivery  companies,  such  as  deutsche  post,  united  parcel  service,  airroad,  or  fedex.  another  approach  is  to  use  a  gpsbased
__label__logisticstracking vehicle  tracking  system  and  nowadays  beacons  to  locate  the  vehicle  that  contains  the  package  and  record  it  in  a  realtime  database.as  package  tracking  technologies  have  evolved,  it  has  also  become  possible  to  increase  the  amount  of  information  and  metrics  returned  about  a  package  and  to  report  beside  its  location  also  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  acceleration,  elevation  and  exposure  to  light  at  different  time  pointsfactors  that  are  important  for  delicate  or  perishable  contents.  querying  and  reporting  webbased  package  tracking  has  been  used  from  the  early  days  of  the  internet  to  automate  customer  service  and  as  a  cheaper  alternative  to  phonebased  call  centers,
__label__logisticstracking providing  the  ability  to  track  the  status  of  a  package  within  minutes.  the  service  became  quickly  popular:  for  ups  the  number  of  packages  tracked  on  the  web  increased  from  600  a  day  in  1995  to  3.3  million  a  day  in  1999.  online  package  tracking  became  available  for  all  major  carrier  companies,  and  was  improved  by  the  emergence  of  websites  that  offered  consolidated  tracking  for  different  mail  carriers.  with  the  rise  of  smart  phones,  package  tracking  mobile  apps  were  able  to  send  tracking  info  to  customers  cell  phones.  with  improved  data  processing,  email  programs  were  able  to  automatically  detect  tracking  numbers
__label__logisticstracking in  messages  and  receipts  and  print  the  real  time  location  of  the  package.  internal  package  tracking  most  traditional  package  tracking  systems  do  not  track  packages  after  a  package  is  dropped  off  at  a  centralized  mail  services  center  with  singlepoint  delivery,  such  as  the  ones  used  at  apartment  complexes,  college  residence  halls,  corporate  mailrooms,  postoffice  box  stores  and  mail  and  parcel  centers.  these  mail  services  centers  receive  all  incoming  mail  and  sort  it;  the  mail  may  then  be  delivered  to  individual  recipients  or  the  recipients  may  have  to  pick  up  the  mail  themselves.  to  cover  that  gap  and  track  a  package
__label__logisticstracking at  different  points  within  the  internal  delivery  process,  specialized  internal  or  inbound  package  tracking  systems  have  been  developed.these  systems  log  in  the  packages  that  arrive  by  recording  the  items  from  different  carrier  companies,  the  time  the  delivery  is  made,  the  name  of  the  recipient,  tracking  number  and  other  data.  the  recipients  are  notified  of  the  packages  or  sent  reminders.  once  the  package  is  received  by  the  end  recipient,  the  systems  record  the  timestamp,  the  recipient  signature  and  method  of  authentication  and  the  package  is  logged  out.several  technologies  have  evolved  with  slightly  different  features  winn  solutions  or  wits,  packagelog,  paklog,  sclogic,
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  refers  to  the  method  of  tracking  physical  assets,  either  by  scanning  barcode  labels  attached  to  the  assets  or  by  using  tags  using  gps,  ble  or  rfid  which  broadcast  their  location.  these  technologies  can  also  be  used  for  indoor  tracking  of  persons  wearing  a  tag.  rfid  passive  rfid  tags  broadcast  their  location  but  have  limited  transmission  range  typically  a  few  meters.  longerrange  smart  tags  use  active  rfid  where  a  radio  transmitter  is  powered  by  a  battery  and  can  transmit  up  to  2000  meters  6,600  feet  in  optimum  conditions.  rfidbased  asset  tracking  requires  an  infrastructure  to  be  put  in  place
__label__logisticstracking before  the  whereabouts  of  tags  may  be  ascertained.  an  asset  tracking  system  can  record  the  location  and  usage  of  the  assets  and  generate  various  reports.  barcodes  assets  can  be  tracked  via  manually  scanning  barcodes  such  as  qr  codes.  qr  codes  can  be  scanned  using  smartphones  with  cameras  and  dedicated  apps,  as  well  as  with  barcode  readers.  nfc  latest  trend  in  asset  tracking  is  using  nfc.  nfc  technology  simplifies  tracking  of  assets  by  tapping  the  assets  and  getting  the  details.  this  is  an  advantage  for  tracking  critical  assets  where  user  needs  to  see  the  condition  of  the  asset  to  be  tracked.
__label__logisticstracking gps  asset  tracking  assets  may  also  be  tracked  globally  using  devices  which  combine  the  gps  system  and  mobile  phone  and/or  satellite  phone  technology.  such  devices  are  known  as  gps  asset  trackers  and  are  different  from  other  gps  tracking  units  in  that  they  rely  on  an  internal  battery  for  power  rather  than  being  hardwired  to  a  vehicles  battery.  the  frequency  with  which  the  position  of  the  device  must  be  known  or  available  dictates  the  quality,  size  or  type  of  gps  asset  tracker  required.  it  is  common  for  asset  tracking  devices  to  fail  due  to  faraday  cage  effects  as  a  huge  proportion
__label__logisticstracking of  the  worlds  assets  are  moved  via  intermodal  containers.  however  modern  tracking  technology  has  now  seen  advances  in  signal  transmission  that  allows  enough  signal  strength  reception  from  the  gps  satellite  system  which  can  then  be  reported  via  gprs  to  terrestrial  networks.mobile  phones  are  personal  devices.  asset  tracking  apps  for  smart  devices  had  been  used  as  a  means  of  personal  tracking  and  rescues.  for  example,  find  my  iphone  is  an  app  and  service  provided  by  apple;  it  was  used  in  rescuing  a  missing  person  in  deep  ravine  from  a  car  accident  after  other  attempts  failed.  there  are  also  tracking  apps  combined
__label__logisticstracking with  viewing  functions  used  as  a  surveillance  similar  to  faas  automatic  dependent  surveillance  broadcast  adsb.  wifi,  ir,  and  bluetooth  for  indoor  asset  tracking  wifi  combined  with  another  technology  like  ir  has  been  used.  bluetooth  technology  has  also  been  used,  and  may  provide  more  accuracy  even  if  bluetooth  technology  wasnt  primarily  developed  for  localisation.  see  also  track  tracenearfield  communicationbarcoderadiofrequency  identification  references
__label__logisticstracking for  better  or  worse,  we  live  in  a  complex,  global  world.  no  industry  represents  this  complexity  better  than  logistics  and  transportation.  most  modern  goods  travel  thousands  of  miles,  changing  hands  half  a  dozen  times  or  more,  before  they  reach  their  final  destinations.  in  this  complex  landscape,  missteps  along  the  supply  chain  are  unavoidable.  no  matter  how  solid  the  logistics  network  for  a  particular  asset,  at  some  point  a  truck  will  get  stuck  in  traffic,  or  a  crate  will  be  delayed  at  a  warehouse,  or  an  asset  will  go  missing  altogether.  with  traditional  supply  chain  management  solutions,  logistics  managers  often  dont
__label__logisticstracking find  out  about  delayed  or  misrouted  assets  until  those  assets  arrive  hours  lateor  not  at  allat  their  destinations.  these  hours  translate  into  lost  productivity,  delayed  production  and  damaged  client  relationships.  the  logistics  industry  needs  a  way  to  pinpoint  the  location  of  assets  in  real  time,  as  they  travel  along  worldwide  transportation  routes.  if  a  negative  event  occurs,  early  intervention  could  significantly  reduce  losses  further  down  the  supply  chain.  but  when  it  comes  to  visualizing  mobile  assets,  traditional  rfid  technology  falls  short.  although  rfid  tags  help  track  goods  as  they  arrive  at  each  destination,  they  give  no  information  about  what  happens
__label__logisticstracking in  between,  leaving  logistics  managers  largely  in  the  dark  about  the  state  of  the  goods  they  are  charged  with  moving  safely,  and  quickly,  through  a  complex  supply  chain.  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  the  logistics  and  transportation  industry  finally  has  a  comprehensive  solution  for  managing  goods  at  every  step  along  its  logistics  networks.  representing  the  latest  in  iot  technology,  smart  logistics  solutions  have  the  power  to  transform  the  modern  supply  chain  as  we  know  it.  for  the  first  time,  the  industry  can  visualize  and  manage  critical  goods  from  anywhere,  at  any  time,  on  a  global  scale.  from  a
__label__logisticstracking user  perspective,  smart  logistics  solutions  are  fairly  straightforward  to  deploy.  a  small,  batterypowered  smart  tracking  device  is  securely  mounted  onto  a  container,  truck  or  wagon  carrying  goods.  once  mounted,  the  device  collects  realtime  information  about  the  exact  location  of  those  goods  at  any  point  along  the  supply  chain  and  securely  transmits  that  information  through  sigfoxs  global  iot  network.  the  information  can  be  aggregated  on  a  customized  app  platform  or  connected  directly  to  a  companys  existing  logistic  information  system.  unlike  most  firstgeneration  smart  devices,  objects  that  connect  to  the  sigfox  network  dont  rely  on  wifi  or  4g,  so  connectivity  is  never
__label__logisticstracking an  issue,  regardless  of  where  an  asset  travels.  each  device  is  plug  and  play,  so  no  pairing  or  infrastructure  is  required  and  devices  can  be  transferred  as  needed  from  one  asset  to  another.  the  level  of  data  that  these  intelligent  devices  are  able  to  collect  and  organize  is  unprecedented.  a  logistics  manager  can  now  pull  up  his  app  dashboard  at  any  time  to  see  uptotheminute  information  about  the  exact  location  of  an  asset,  the  speed  at  which  it  is  moving,  and  its  estimated  arrival  time  based  on  current  travel  conditions.  and  when  an  asset  does  arrive  at  a  location,  automated
__label__logisticstracking time  and  date  stamps  replace  the  need  to  scan  rfid  barcodes  altogether.  streamline  field  operations  thanks  to  this  unprecedented  level  of  information,  global  companies  have  seen  their  supply  chains  become  leaner  and  more  efficient  than  ever  before.  take  a  company  that  manufactures  smartphones.  each  phone  contains  dozens  of  individually  sourced  components  which  must  crisscross  the  globe,  often  stopping  at  multiple  assembly  points  along  the  way,  before  the  finished  product  is  delivered  to  a  warehouse  or  distribution  center,  and  finally,  to  retailers.  in  the  past,  a  supply  chain  with  this  level  of  complexity  was  a  logistics  nightmare.  if  a  question  arose
__label__logisticstracking about  the  whereabouts  of  a  particular  component,  a  logistics  manager  at  the  smartphone  company  had  to  rely  on  limited  information  gathered  through  rfid  tag  scans.  that  manager  might  know  with  certainty  that  a  shipment  of  components  left  a  factory  in  chinas  hunan  province,  headed  first  by  truck,  then  by  rail  and  finally  by  boat,  for  an  assembly  plant  in  taiwan.  but  what  if  the  driver  of  the  truck  got  misrouted  and  ended  up  at  the  wrong  rail  station,  fifty  miles  in  the  wrong  direction?  or  what  if  a  storm  caused  the  boat  to  be  delayed?  tracking  a  missing  asset  down
__label__logisticstracking while  it  is  enroute  is  timeconsuming  at  best.  when  that  asset  travels  through  areas  with  limited  infrastructure,  tracking  becomes  nearly  impossible.  with  smart  logistics  solutions,  the  logistics  manager  at  the  smartphone  company  can  now  see  his  entire  logistics  workflow  in  a  single  glance.  he  can  watch  assets  in  real  time  or  dig  deeper  into  the  data  on  a  single  asset.  and  he  can  do  this  at  any  time,  from  anywhere.  now,  when  a  question  about  a  component  arises,  he  does  not  need  to  spend  hours  on  the  phone,  trying  to  connect  with  ontheground  personnel.  with  his  app  dashboard  acting  as
__label__logisticstracking a  virtual  control  tower,  he  can  answer  that  question  with  the  click  of  a  button.  if  any  component  requires  special  handling  or  temperature  control,  geolocation  capabilities  can  be  coupled  with  transportation  conditions  monitoring  for  added  value.  now,  a  manager  is  also  alerted  if  an  asset  falls  outside  a  predetermined  temperature  range,  or  receives  unexpected  vibrations  or  shocks.  not  only  can  the  smartphone  logistics  manager  track  the  location  of  mobile  goods  with  ease,  but  he  receives  realtime  alerts  that  inform  him  of  unexpected  events.  if  a  truck  carrying  components  gets  stuck  in  traffic,  or  travels  away  from  a  predetermined  route,  the
__label__logisticstracking smart  logistics  app  will  issue  an  alert  that  informs  the  manager  of  the  delay  and  gives  a  new  estimated  arrival  time.  likewise,  if  a  container  traveling  by  boat  or  rail  is  delayed,  the  manager  will  learn  about  it  in  real  time,  instead  of  having  to  wait  until  it  arrives  late  at  its  next  destination.  these  uptotheminute  alerts  allow  that  smartphone  company  to  remain  agile  and  respond  quickly  across  a  complex,  global  transportation  network.  delayed  assets  can  cause  major  disruptions  further  down  the  supply  chain,  but  logistic  managers  now  have  the  information  they  need  to  mobilize  quickly.  what  could  have  been
__label__logisticstracking a  costly  disruption  turns  into  a  minor  hiccup,  thanks  to  smart  logistics.  of  course,  the  final  element  needed  to  create  a  lean  supply  chain  is  constant  improvement.  its  one  thing  to  quickly  address  problems,  but  the  true  goal  is  to  plan  ahead  and  correct  issues  before  they  ever  occur.  smart  logistics  solutions  allow  companies  to  evaluate  and  improve  their  supply  chain  networks  with  an  unprecedented  level  of  accuracy.  the  staggering  amount  of  information  about  transportation  routes,  warehouse  delays  and  network  gaps  acts  as  a  complete  audit  trail,  giving  companies  all  of  the  data  they  need  to  analyze  and  repair  inefficiencies
__label__logisticstracking in  their  supply  chains.  as  our  global  economy  becomes  even  more  complex  and  interconnected,  the  logistics  and  transportation  industry  must  be  at  the  forefront  of  innovation,  helping  create  a  roadmap  for  success.  undoubtedly,  smart  logistics  solutions  will  remain  a  powerful  ally  in  this  process,  giving  the  industry  the  tools  it  needs  to  remain  lean  and  agile  in  an  everchanging  world.
__label__logisticstracking getty  images  its  not  just  about  location  feeding  the  blockchain  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many
__label__logisticstracking organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find
__label__logisticstracking key  developments  in  iot  have  been  transforming  the  transportation  sector  in  order  to  gain  realtime  fleet  management  wins.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  becoming  prevalent  within  ,  and  a  new  area  of  growth  is  being  seen,  especially  in  transportation.  according  to  the  idc,  the  transportation  industry  has  now  become  the  secondlargest  segment  investing  in  iot  with  an  approximate  spend  of  78  billion  since  2016.  one  of  the  key  areas  where  this  investment  has  been  used  is  fleet  management.  iotenabled  fleet  management  systems  fmss  allow  companies  to  receive  realtime  information  of  their  vehicles,  allowing  them  to  make  more  informed  decisions.
__label__logisticstracking approximately,  20m  was  lost  last  year  in  revenue  due  to  empty  miles.  to  have  more  control  over  their  fleet  operations.  time  is  saved  by  choosing  the  best  possible  route,  and  realtime  updates  allow  drivers  to  avoid  congestion,  reducing  fuel  consumption.  costs  can  also  be  reduced  by  bringing  down  the  number  of  lost  or  damaged  assets,  as  well  as  the  percentage  of  spoilage  on  any  perishable  consignments,  as  alerts  are  sent  immediately  when  assets  go  outside  specifications.  transport  companies  are  beginning  to  consider  the  environmental  benefits  iot  can  provide.  conducted  by  inmarsat  demonstrated  that  44  percent  were  prioritizing  environmental  monitoring  and
__label__logisticstracking 65  percent  expected  to  become  more  sustainable  in  the  future  due  to  iot  implementation.  as  the  demand  for  travel  continues  to  increase,  so  does  the  level  of  co2  emissions,  which  are  expected  to  increase  by  60  percent  by  2050.  therefore,  companies  are  expected  to  reduce  their  carbon  footprint  as  much  as  possible  and  meet  the  climate  change  act  legislation.  this  is  particularly  prevalent  for  the  transportation  sector  as  fleets  travel  thousands  of  miles  and  are  a  major  contributor  to  co2  emissions.  car  makers  have  already  been  set  strict  targets  that  must  be  met,  and  they  will  be  fined  95  for
__label__logisticstracking every  gram  of  co2  that  exceeds  the  target.  we  can  expect  that  it  wont  be  long  until  logistic  companies  will  be  facing  similar  fines,  so  it  is  important  to  stay  ahead  of  legislation.  iotenabled  technologies  give  companies  the  competitive  edge  to  achieve  environmental  sustainability  before  regulations  are  put  into  place.  since  amazons  introduction  of  their  delivery  drone,  there  has  been  growing  discussion  around  being  the  way  forward.  drones  are  not  the  only  option  when  it  comes  to  autonomous  vehicles,  and  autonomous  trucks  are  very  much  a  viable  option,  predicted  to  be  a  reality  by  2030.  rolls  royce  has  even  introduced
__label__logisticstracking plans  to  launch  autonomous  cargo  ships  in  the  same  year.  in  the  future,  it  is  a  possibility  that  the  entire  supply  chain  will  be  selforchestrated.  iot  transportation,  from  a  commercial  perspective,  is  not  the  only  movement;  public  transportation  is  predicted  to  integrate  iot  into  their  operations  over  the  coming  years.  mckinsey  has  recently  conducted  a  research  project  into  future  predictions  of  iot  applications  in  this  field.  some  of  the  key  applications  mentioned  were  realtime  public  transport  information,  digital  payment,  autonomous  vehicles,  intelligent  traffic  signals,  smart  parking,  and  predictive  maintenance  of  the  transportation  infrastructure.  each  of  these  ideas  are  aimed  at
__label__logisticstracking improving  the  current  infrastructure  to  make  the  system  more  efficient  and  hopefully  more  reliable.  although  major  cities  around  the  world  have  begun  planning  iot  implementation,  mckinsey  predicts  these  solutions  may  only  start  coming  into  fruition  in  the  year  2025.  written  by  mike  jeffs,  chief  commercial  officer,
__label__logisticstracking views  the  time  when  it  was  enough  to  just  move  goods  from  point  a  to  point  b,  passed  a  long  time  ago.  because  of  high  competition  and  multiple  challenges,  the  main  focus  is  made  on  customers,  meeting  their  needs  and  expectations.  now  the  toppriority  objectives  of  logistics  companies  are  to  ensure  delivery,  supply  chain  visibility,  product  lifecycle  transparency  and  quality  services.  the  success  of  any  logistics  company  lies  in  efficient  inventory  management  and  warehousing,  automation  of  internal  business  processes,  fast  delivery  and  taking  care  of  safe  storage  and  quality  of  goods.  the  accomplishment  of  principles  that  include  moving  the  right
__label__logisticstracking product  in  the  right  quantity  and  condition,  at  the  right  time  and  at  the  right  price  to  the  right  place  and  the  right  customer.  since  the  task  is  very  complicated,  there  comes  an  increasing  necessity  in  the  use  of  innovative  solutions  to  achieve  goals.  bringing  with  it  smart  connections  and  use  cases,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  about  to  revolutionize  the  logistics  domain.  offering  many  advantages  and  opportunities,  iotbased  solutions  are  becoming  widely  introduced  in  the  sector.  supply  chain  monitoring,  vehicle  tracking,  inventory  management,  safe  transportation  and  automation  of  processes  are  the  key  to  iot  applications  and  the  principal
__label__logisticstracking components  of  connected  logistics  systems.  in  the  logistics  domain,  iot  can  create  a  smart  location  management  system  that  will  enable  companies  to  easily  track  driver  activities,  vehicle  location,  and  delivery  status.  once  goods  are  delivered  or  come  to  a  certain  place,  a  manager  is  notified  by  a  push  message.  such  a  solution  is  an  irreplaceable  assistant  in  delivery  planning  and  compilation  and  viewing  of  schedules.  all  changes  are  instantly  detected  and  reflected  in  real  time.  so,  iot  technology  can  be  successfully  used  for  improving  location  management  and  streamlining  business  processes.  inventory  management  and  warehousing  are  one  of  the  most  important
__label__logisticstracking parts  of  the  connected  logistics  ecosystem.  the  placement  of  small  inexpensive  sensors  will  allow  companies  to  easily  track  inventory  items,  monitor  their  status  and  position  and  create  a  smart  warehouse  system.  with  the  help  of  iot  technology  employees  will  be  able  to  successfully  prevent  any  losses,  ensure  safe  storage  of  goods,  as  well  as  efficiently  locating  an  item  needed.  by  now,  almost  all  logistics  companies  have  already  adopted  such  iot  solutions  in  their  work.  the  minimization  of  human  errors  also  becomes  possible  due  to  iot.  predictive  analytics  is  taking  center  stage  in  different  industries,  helping  companies  and  corporations  create  effective
__label__logisticstracking business  development  strategies,  improve  the  decisionmaking  process,  make  smart  business  insights,  manage  risks  and  a  lot  more.  internetenabled  devices  are  here  to  collect  large  data  amounts  and  transmit  them  to  the  central  system  for  further  analysis.  iot  and  solutions  can  be  applied  for  route  and  delivery  planning  and  identification  of  various  defects  before  something  goes  wrong.  the  results  are  a  timely  replacement  of  machinery  parts,  prevention  of  any  crashes  and  efficient  vehicle/equipment  maintenance.  supply  chain  management  carries  various  challenges,  from  illegal  food  practices  to  taking  care  of  product  conditions.  thats  why  both  companies  and  their  customers  want  the  option  to
__label__logisticstracking trace  the  product  lifecycle  from  the  origin  of  goods  to  their  transportation  to  the  customers  hands.  while  ,  it  can  add  great  value  to  supply  chains  too.  walking  hand  in  hand,  they  can  fulfill  the  need  for  supply  chain  security,  transparency  and  traceability.  the  placement  of  radiofrequency  identification  tags  and  sensors  will  allow  monitoring  of  things  such  as  product  temperature  and  humidity,  vehicle  location  and  stages  of  the  transportation  process.  the  data  is  recorded  and  saved  in  the  blockchain,  every  product  is  given  a  digital  id  that  secures  all  information  about  it  along  with  the  product  lifecycle.  in  the  near
__label__logisticstracking future,  we  will  become  the  witnesses  of  the  widespread  use  and  adoption  of  selfdriving  vehicles,  being  tested  at  the  moment.  logistics  companies  will  be  the  first  to  take  an  advantage  of  their  integration  into  business  processes.  while  iot  devices  are  responsible  for  collecting  large  data  amounts,  the  analytics  system  turns  them  into  smart  driving  routes  and  directions.  this  way,  businesses  can  also  minimize  car  accidents,  reduce  operating  costs  and  optimize  road  traffic.  drones,  having  the  highest  potential  in  retail,  logistics,  agriculture  and  ecommerce,  drones  and  droids  can  add  speed  and  efficiency  to  the  working  environment.  in  the  logistics  industry,  drones
__label__logisticstracking can  ensure  business  process  automation  by  providing  smart  inventory  tracking,  fast  transportation  of  goods,  and  instant  instore  delivery.  whats  more,  they  enable  to  solve  lastmile  delivery  problems.  the  market  is  quickly  developing,  according  to  ,  it  is  expected  to  reach  11.2bn  by  2020.  being  under  technological  progress  and  facing  a  lot  of  challenges,  todays  logistics  industry  sees  a  rapid  transformation  and  growth.  coming  up  with  inventory  tracking  and  location  management  solutions,  ,  and  intelligent  communications,  iot  will  revolutionize  the  logistics  domain.  read  about  the  latest  technological  developments  and  data  trends  transforming  the  world  of  gaming  analytics  in  this  exclusive  ebook
__label__logisticstracking from  the  datax  team.  sign  up  for  this  week  in  innovation  to  stay  up  to  date  with  all  the  news,  features,  interviews  and  more  from  the  worlds  most  innovative  companies  read  next:  how  artificial  intelligence  is  transforming  print  security  i
__label__logisticstracking written  by  iot  technology  unlocks  the  value  in  supply  chains  realtime  asset  tracking  streamlines  field  operations  reducing  delayrelated  costs  with  improved  speed  and  accuracy  building  a  lean  supply  chain  gregg  abbate  is  theilogistics  key  account  manager  of  compare  over  100  instantly  2019  global  trade.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking in  market  sectors  running  the  gamut  from  agriculture  to  manufacturing,  every  step  in  the  production  and  transit  process  presents  challenges  that  can  make  or  break  a  supply  chain.  transportation  delays,  lax  monitoring  of  cargo,  theft,  operator  errors,  outdated  it  failures:  all  these  factors  and  more  can  jeopardize  profits  and  ratchet  up  cost  pressure,  which  remains  unrelenting,  no  matter  the  business.  these  sensors  track  each  shipments  location  via  gps  and  note  whether  temperature  or  humidity  rise  above  or  fall  below  acceptable  boundaries.  especially  when  it  comes  to  perishables,  the  consequences  extend  beyond  the  bottom  line.  a  full  30  of  all  perishable
__label__logisticstracking produce  and  products  never  make  it  all  the  way  from  the  farm  to  the  table,  according  to  a  recent  .  its  a  disheartening  case  of  waste  and  yet  an  opportunity  to  apply  high  tech  to  a  pain  point  that  impacts  growing  populations  and  areas  where  food  insecurity  runs  high.  given  all  thats  at  stake,  the  value  of  a  connected  logistics  platform  is  beyond  question.  and  the  next  generation  of  successful  supply  chain  managementknown  as  logistics  4.0will  leverage  edge  computing  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  yield  realtime  automated,  senseandrespond  feedback  mechanisms.  it  will  also  place  cybersecurity  and  the  safe
__label__logisticstracking handling  of  data  at  a  premium,  as  the  eus  28  member  countries  adapt  to  the  general  data  protection  regulation  gdpr.  effective  may  25,  businesses  must  report  security  breaches  the  eus  information  commissioners  office,  a  voluntary  action  prior  to  the  gdpr.  here  are  three  examples  of  how  the  iot  is  transforming  supply  chains  today.  rogue  ale,  based  in  newport,  oregon,  is  putting  more  efficient  supply  chain  tracking  tools  and  management  to  work  in  managing  an  especially  tricky  perishable.  rogue  produces  hops  meant  to  be  used  in  brewing  fresh  hop  or  wet  hop  beers.  in  other  words,  the  hops  are  not  dried
__label__logisticstracking in  the  field  but  are  shipped  quickly  for  immediate  use  in  breweries.  but  theyre  also  a  volatile  crop  that  must  land  in  a  beer  vat  within  12  hours  of  harvest,  or  else  they  start  to  go  bad.  too  much  heat  and  they  start  to  smell  like  compostnot  exactly  your  bartenders  brew  of  choice.  with  the  help  of  sensors,  rogue  is  now  able  to  collect  temperature  and  humidity  data  on  its  shipments  at  every  stage  between  the  hop  yard  and  the  brewery.  these  sensors  track  each  shipments  location  via  gps  and  note  whether  temperature  or  humidity  rise  above  or  fall  below
__label__logisticstracking acceptable  boundaries.  the  end  result  is  preserved  product,  thanks  to  data  that  measures  the  condition  of  the  crop  through  every  step  in  the  chain.  one  area  of  logistics  that  keeps  executives  up  at  night  involves  the  integrity  of  equipment  through  critical  elements  of  the  supply  chain.  any  sort  of  equipment  failurea  train  derailment,  for  examplecan  jeopardize  the  delivery  of  product,  jack  up  fleet  replacement  costs  and  negatively  impact  worker  safety.  union  pacificthe  largest  railroad  in  the  united  stateshas  introduced  iot  as  a  valuable  asset  in  monitoring  the  reliability  and  condition  of  its  equipment.  the  companys  predicts  equipment  failures  and  reduces
__label__logisticstracking derailment  risks  through  an  array  of  acoustic  and  visual  sensors  on  tracks.  these  monitor  the  integrity  of  train  wheels  by  sending  more  than  20  million  temperature  readings  per  day  to  the  union  pacific  data  center,  which  are  then  processed  via  data  analytics.  on  average,  three  railcars  per  day  are  found  to  exceed  safety  thresholds  and  pulled  out  for  inspection  and  servicing:  a  huge  step  forward  in  preventing  bearingrelated  derailments,  which  can  result  in  costly  delays  and  up  to  40  million  in  damages  per  incident.  an  unbroken  chain  of  refrigerated  environments  can  mean  the  difference  between  usable  and  spoiled  vaccines  or
__label__logisticstracking food.  thanks  to  the  iot  and  artificial  intelligence,  its  now  possible  to  get  realtime  assessments  of  the  safety  and  quality  of  food  and  pharma  products.  and  while  such  shipments  will  always  be  vulnerable  to  theft  or  accident,  aipowered  predictive  analytics  can  provide  forecasting  based  on  combinations  of  data  that  highlight  an  increased  risk.  these  include  weather  plus  location,  a  rainy  day  plus  low  visibility,  or  a  holiday  plus  time  of  the  day  with  location.  especially  in  these  cases,  this  helps  to  plan  for  and  accommodate  hazards  or  caution  flags  in  the  transit  route  as  they  arise.  the  events  of  the
__label__logisticstracking next  few  years  will  see  connected  logistics  harnessing  the  power  of  blockchain.  the  decentralized  digital  ledger  may  be  most  commonly  associated  with  cryptocurrency,  but  its  applications  go  far  beyond  it.  platform,  for  example,  works  in  tandem  with  the  iot  to  improve  the  seafood  supply  chain  from  ocean  to  table.  iot  sensors  are  affixed  to  harvested  fish  to  gauge  shipping  location,  transport  temperature,  movement,  humidity  and  more.  using  hyperledger  sawtooth,  anyone  along  the  supply  chain  can  track  the  fish.  then  the  final  buyer  can  access  a  complete  record  of  information  and  trust  that  the  information  is  accurate  and  complete.  previously,  the
__label__logisticstracking information  available  to  any  one  company  in  the  supply  chain  was  fairly  narrow,  says  michael  reed,  director  of  intels  blockchain  program  office.  blockchain  implementation  allowed  us  to  know  for  certain  when  the  fisherman  caught  the  fish,  when  they  stored  it,  its  temperature  at  any  time,  when  it  was  inspected  and  exactly  when  it  arrived  at  a  restaurant.  in  the  years  to  come,  blockchain  also  promises  to  bolster  layers  of  security  for  aidriven  networks  that  manage  logistics.  since  the  ledger  is  immutable,  information  recorded  there,  including  contracts,  cannot  be  altered  or  destroyed.  diving  into  the  logistical  revolution  may  seem  intimidating,  especially
__label__logisticstracking for  those  unfamiliar  with  iot,  ai  and  blockchain.  fortunately,  theres  a  wealth  of  information  available  on  the  internet,  from  white  papers  to  videos,  that  explain  the  basics  and  provide  examples  of  technology  in  action.  when  youre  ready  to  take  that  first  step,  remember:  much  like  connected  logistics  itself,  its  all  about  a  safe,  steady  journey.  how  is  the  iot  triggering  business  growth  and  transportation?  see  from  forbes  insights  in  partnership  with  intel  forbes  insights  is  the  strategic  research  and  thought  leadership  practice  of  forbes  media.  by  leveraging  proprietary  databases  of  seniorlevel  executives  in  the  forbes  c...
__label__logisticstracking whether  youre  in  manufacturing,  retail,  distribution,  or  shipping,  planning  and  managing  the  flow  of  raw  materials  and  finished  goods  through  your  supply  chain  is  a  challenge.  materials  are  often  improperly  shipped  or  stored,  which  can  damage  sensitive  goods.  plus,  the  sheer  size  and  capacity  of  a  large  operation  can  lead  to  disorganization  in  a  manufacturing  warehouse  or  distribution  facility.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  decrease  material  waste  and  improve  logistics  is  with  the  use  of  realtime  location  systems  rtls.  in  the  past,  supply  chain  tracking  and  monitoring  solutionslike  ultra  wideband  uwb  and  infrared  technologiesrequired  significant  infrastructure,  which  came  with
__label__logisticstracking a  major  installation  headache  and  a  significant  price  tag  often  10  per  square  meter.  today,  there  are  assettracking  solutions  on  the  market,  like  airfinder,  that  can  be  installed  and  operated  for  10  times  less  than  uwb  and  infrared.  before  we  get  into  more  details  as  to  what  you  should  look  for  when  selecting  a  supply  chain  management  iot  solution,  lets  look  at  several  use  cases  of  iot  applications  in  logistics.  if  you  work  with  numerous  u.s.  vendors  to  create  a  single  component  for  your  devicesay,  a  network  of  sheet  metal  vendors  for  an  auto  manufacturerrtls  can  be  used  to  track
__label__logisticstracking pallets  of  this  component  from  every  vendor,  from  the  time  the  pallets  are  packed  until  the  time  they  enter  your  manufacturing  yard.  this  way  youll  know  well  ahead  of  time  if  a  shipment  is  delayed,  allowing  you  to  keep  production  running  smoothly  with  your  plan  b.  truck  drivers  have  little  to  no  incentive  to  ensure  your  goods  are  delivered  precisely  where  youve  instructed,  which  often  leads  to  lost  or  misplaced  shipments.  if  you  use  rtls,  youll  know  precisely  where  pallets  have  been  placed.  materials  moved  inside  a  facility  for  assembly  or  shipping  often  fall  prey  to  what  we  call  the
__label__logisticstracking flat  spot  probleme.g.  being  left  on  any  flat  surface  available.  misplaced  materials  can  lead  to  slower  production  times,  employee  frustration,  and,  ultimately,  customer  dissatisfaction.  with  rtls  you  know  the  location  of  tagged  materials,  like  a  specialty  test  fixture,  at  all  times.  some  factories  regularly  receive  shipments  of  perishable  or  sensitive  goods  that  only  stay  fresh  for  a  short  time,  and/or  require  specific  environmental  conditions  to  maintain  quality.  using  an  iot  application  for  logistics,  you  can  tag  a  crate  of  eggs  or  a  barrel  of  milk  and  monitor  the  humidity  in  the  storage  area,  the  temperature  of  the  product,  and  the
__label__logisticstracking shock  and  vibration  levels  these  items  experience  during  shipment.  you  can  use  this  information  to  notify  truck  drivers  of  damaged  shipments  long  before  they  arrive  at  your  factory,  and  get  a  new  shipment  on  its  way.  if  youre  involved  in  the  transport  of  goods  from  point  a  to  point  b,  you  need  to  know  where  your  vehicles  are  at  all  times  for  safety  and  compliance  reasons.  without  a  tracking  system,  it  can  become  easy  to  make  erroneous  assumptions.  for  example,  you  might  assume  that  bob  is  with  his  assigned  vehiclebut  what  if  he  took  a  different  vehicle  that  day?  or
__label__logisticstracking what  if  that  vehicle  is  in  the  shop  and  hes  in  another,  and  youre  simple  unaware?  this  type  of  tracking  system  allows  you  to  ensure  you  know  where  each  vehicle  in  your  fleet  is  so  you  can  hold  up  your  end  of  the  supply  chain.  do  you  need  roomlevel  accuracy,  or  more  specific  location  capabilities?  this  will  make  a  difference  in  the  kind  of  system  you  select.  for  some  systems  like  airfinder,  a  higher  number  of  reference  points  can  be  added  to  increase  location  accuracy.  if  youre  building  new  construction,  systems  like  infrared  or  wifibased  rtls  may  work  well  for
__label__logisticstracking you.  but  if  youre  retrofitting  a  system  in  your  current  building,  youll  want  to  select  rtls  that  is  easier  to  install.  the  total  cost  of  ownership  is  one  of  the  most  important  considerations  for  manufacturers  looking  to  implement  an  iotbased  monitoring  and  tracking  solution.  battery  life,  tag  cost,  power  consumption,  and  employee  training  all  come  into  play  when  calculating  cost,  so  evaluate  them  all  when  considering  a  solution.  tag  cost  varies  dramatically.  passive  rfid  tags  can  be  pennies  on  the  dollar,  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  tags  can  be  obtained  for  less  than  15,  and  wifi  tags  are  typically  around  4060.
__label__logisticstracking the  tag  cost,  of  course,  makes  an  impact  on  whether  or  not  an  iotbased  logistics  solution  will  work  for  you  or  not.  battery  life  impacts  affordability  and  maintenance.  airfinder  tags,  for  instance,  do  not  beacon  continually,  so  they  last  up  to  three  times  as  long  as  traditional  ble  tags.  when  you  implement  an  iot  application  of  any  sort  on  your  network,  keeping  your  data  secure  is  a  top  priority.  the  airfinder  system  uses  multiple  layers  of  device  and  data  security  to  ensure  your  data  and  it  networks  are  safe.  ble  data  is  encrypted  endtoend  using  modern  aes  tls  data  transport
__label__logisticstracking methods.  a  standalone  data  network,  which  can  be  connected  via  cellular,  eliminates  it  network  vulnerability.  airfinder  is  an  intelligent  rfid  solution  that  uses  reference  point  ble  beacons  placed  throughout  your  facility.  these  devices  provide  location  information  to  tagged  assets.  airfinder  tagsattached  to  any  item  you  want  to  track  or  monitorwake  up  at  certain  intervals  and  check  to  see  if  theyve  been  moved.  if  they  have,  they  send  out  their  updated  location.  if  not,  they  go  back  to  sleep.  once  location  information  is  received  by  the  gateway,  it  is  sent  to  the  cloud.  this  approach  to  supply  chain  tracking  means  that
__label__logisticstracking tags  last  longer,  location  accuracy  increases,  and  the  latency  of  location  updates  is  minimized.  if  youd  like  to  learn  more  about  airfinder,  or  download  the  white  paper  below.  youll  learn  how  largescale  manufacturing  operations  track  and  monitor  materials  in  their  plants,  and  how  you  can  get  started  tracking,  too.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  these  stories  on  rtls  use  cases  by  link  labs,  inc.  130  holiday  ct.  annapolis,  md  21401  call  us:
__label__logisticstracking the  blume  global  team  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  collection  of  interconnected  physical  devices  that  can  monitor,  report  on  and  send  and  exchange  data.  iot  devices  are  typically  connected  to  computer  systems  via  data  or  wifi  networks.  iot  devices  use  sensors  to  measure  specific  aspects  of  the  world  around  them,  including  location,  temperature,  humidity,  light  levels,  movement,  handling,  speed  of  movement  and  other  environmental  factors.  iot  devices  come  in  many  form  factors  including  rfid  chips,  smart  devices  and  mobile  sensors.  in  the  supply  chain,  internet  of  things  devices  are  an  effective  way  to  track  and  authenticate  products  and
__label__logisticstracking shipments  using  gps  and  other  technologies.  they  can  also  monitor  the  storage  conditions  of  products  which  enhances  quality  management  throughout  the  .  iot  devices  have  revolutionized  supply  chain  management  scm.  its  much  easier  to  understand  where  goods  are,  how  they  are  being  stored  and  when  they  can  be  expected  at  a  specific  location.  iot  devices  can  be  attached  to  specific  storage  containers  or  to  raw  materials  or  products  themselves.  the  iot  device  will  transmit  its  location,  which  can  be  picked  up  by  gps  satellites  and  used  to  track  movement  of  goods.  tracking  speed  of  movement  and  the  traffic  flow  of
__label__logisticstracking products  makes  it  much  easier  to  predict  how  goods  will  move  through  the  supply  chain.  suppliers,  manufacturers  and  distribution  centers  can  prepare  to  receive  goods,  which  reduces  handling  times  and  ensures  the  efficient  processing  of  materials.  some  goods  like  food  and  chemicals  need  to  be  stored  in  ideal  conditions.  specialist  iot  devices  can  monitor  areas  like  temperature,  humidity,  exposure  to  an  atmosphere,  light  intensity  and  other  environmental  factors.  these  devices  may  even  trigger  an  alarm  if  certain  thresholds  are  breached.  this  makes  it  much  easier  to  track  the  quality  of  goods  through  the  supply  chain  and  to  reduce  spoilage.  goods
__label__logisticstracking tracking  and  route  planning  through  iot  devices  can  identify  where  and  when  goods  are  delayed  in  transit.  this  allows  for  contingency  planning  and  alternative  routes  to  speed  up  the  supply  chain.  goods  can  remain  tagged  with  iot  devices  when  they  are  in  a  distribution  center.  this  can  make  it  much  easier  to  find  specific  products  within  a  large  warehouse  and  ensures  accurate  identification  and  management  of  goods.  verified  tracking  through  iot  devices  means  that  scm  can  validate  exactly  when  goods  arrive.  this  can  trigger  other  administrative  tasks  like  supplier  payments  or  onward  shipping  requests.  iot  devices  are  a  major  benefit
__label__logisticstracking for  all  aspects  of  supply  chain  management:  iot  devices  rely  on  good  network  connectivity  to  function  well.  they  need  to  be  able  to  transmit  their  positions  to  gps  satellites  and  other  types  of  iot  devices  may  require  wifi,  bluetooth  or  other  connectivity.  they  will  not  function  as  effectively  in  areas  with  lots  of  electrical  or  radio  frequency  interference.  iot  devices  also  rely  on  being  installed  and  powered  properly.  they  should  only  be  handled,  attached  or  removed  by  trained  people.  its  also  important  to  use  the  right  iot  device  for  the  right  job,  as  they  can  easily  be  damaged  if  theyre
__label__logisticstracking welcome  to  www.automotivelogistics.media.  this  site  uses  cookies.  .  powertrain  forecast  to  2030  report:  powertrain  forecast  to  2030  report:  climate  change  vs.  carmakers  report:  automotive  headwinds  align  into  a  perfect  storm  automotive  logistics  uk  automotive  logistics  mexico  fvl  north  america  gefco  georgia  ports  authority  kuehne  nagel  as  vehicles  incorporate  more  new  technologies  and  highly  sophisticated  components,  it  has  become  increasingly  complicated  and  expensive  to  ship  these  parts.  consequently,  the  risks  for  oem  shipments  have  increased  proportionately.  a  sea  container  packed  with  20,000  worth  of  car  engines  may  take  six  weeks,  or  even  longer,  to  travel  from  its  point  of  origin  to
__label__logisticstracking its  destination  and  ensuring  that  it  arrives  on  time  and  undamaged  is  of  utmost  importance.  what,  historically,  has  the  automotive  industry  done  to  mitigate  parts  damage  throughout  the  supply  chain?  back  in  the  1990s,  while  working  as  a  materials  handling  engineer  for  chrysler  corporation  in  auburn  hills,  michigan,  agron  galimuna,now  of  triwall  austria  packaging  systems  pictured,  left,  with  krenar  komoni  of  tive,  was  part  of  a  chrysler  team  that  collaborated  with  counterparts  from  general  motors  and  ford  to  build  a  test  laboratory  where  the  big  three  could  simulate  packaging  and  shipping  scenarios  for  the  automotive  industry.  the  mission  of  their
__label__logisticstracking joint  research  was  to  identify  hypothetical  supply  chain  problems  and  avoid  costly  packaging  and  shipping  mistakes.  fitted  out  with  everything  from  an  elaborate  shake  table  to  deep  freeze  refrigeration,  the  lab  enabled  the  oems  to  replicate  realworld  variables,  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  and  mechanical  motion,  which  can  impact  the  quality  of  a  product  on  arrival.  both  the  lab  and  the  testing,  however,  were  extremely  expensive,  and  the  data  generated  merely  projected  possible  trouble  spots;  it  never  pretended  to  offer  realtime  guidance.  more  than  20  years  later,  the  automotive  industry  is  poised  for  a  revolution  in  its  materials  handling  practices,  to
__label__logisticstracking which  triwall  can  attest  as  a  provider  of  packaging  and  logistics  services  to  oems  such  as  bmw,  toyota  and  jlr.  new  technologies  like  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  and  mobile  gps  tracking  are  coming  together  to  create  realtime  monitoring  capabilities  that  allow  vehiclemakers  to  track  components  from  the  assembly  line,  throughout  the  logistics  journey,  to  the  products  arrival  at  its  final  assembly  point.  with  realtime  visibility  into  variables  such  as  temperature,  humidity  and  motion,  vehiclemakers  can  capture  potentially  harmful  incidents  as  they  happen  and  quickly  make  corrections.  both  the  shipper  and  their  logistics  partners  also  have  the  ability  to  capture
__label__logisticstracking a  detailed  profile  of  temperature,  humidity  and  motion  data  throughout  the  containers  journey.  this  information  can  then  be  processed  with  root  cause  analysis  that  identifies  the  exact  time  and  place  of  realtime  problems  and  presents  opportunities  for  future  avoidance.  in  addition,  realtime  exception  analysis  makes  it  perfectly  clear  who  is  responsible  for  a  shipment  when  an  incident  does  occur.  if  a  container  is  dropped  and  the  product  damaged,  the  product  owner  can  see  exactly  where  the  accident  happened  and  who  was  responsible.  mpuadsimilarly,  if  a  container  was  left  sitting  on  a  dock  in  salty  air  for  several  weeks,  that  data
__label__logisticstracking can  shed  light  on  the  root  cause  when  the  container  is  opened  and  rust  damage  is  discovered.  the  manufacturer  can  use  the  comprehensive  location  data  to  seek  recompense  from  the  responsible  shipper.  with  the  tools  to  measure  these  exceptions,  instead  of  just  asking  why  are  my  parts  rusted?  the  manufacturer  can  ask  instead:  why  was  my  container  sitting  for  six  weeks  on  a  dock?.  alternatively,  the  system  may  detect  rough  handling  of  the  container  during  a  particular  time  frame  in  a  particular  place.  this  may  prove  that  the  shipments  were  deliberately  transported  during  a  storm  when  the  responsible  course  would
__label__logisticstracking have  been  to  avoid  it.  these  systems  can  detect  material  handling  aberrations  with  other  transportation  modes,  too.  for  instance,  air  freight,  which  is  the  fastest  but  also  most  expensive  mode  of  transport,  unfortunately  has  the  reputation  for  being  the  most  physical  challenging.  however,  with  iot  tracking  systems,  we  finally  have  a  way  of  ensuring  that  these  highcost  transports  actually  pay.  to  be  truly  effective,  iot  monitoring  technology  needs  to  be  easy  for  everyone  to  use,  as  demonstrated  during  recent  testing  of  a  new  iot  tracking  product  at  a  vehiclemaker  in  austria.  in  this  test,  a  sensor  was  attached  to  a
__label__logisticstracking car  battery  which  was  mounted  on  a  forklift  that  was  run  over  rough  terrain  to  monitor  the  impact  on  the  battery  in  real  time.  the  iot  sensors  quickly  delivered  a  signal  that  showed  up  on  a  computer  screen  every  time  an  impact  occurred  and  the  progress  of  the  battery  across  the  shopfloor  was  easily  tracked.  with  easytouse  and  effective  applications  such  as  these,  iot  technology  promises  to  make  a  big  impact  in  the  near  future  on  how  automotive  manufacturers  maintain  the  quality  of  their  products  throughout  the  supply  chain.  agron  galimuna  is  executive  managing  director  at  triwall  austria  packaging  systems
__label__logisticstracking and  krenar  komoni  is  ceo  and  founder  at  tive.  join  supply  chain  and  automotive  it  experts  from  bmw,  daimler,  gm,  magna,  nio,  pirelli,  samsung  and  many  more  at  ,  as  they  strategize  and  outline  practical  steps  for  future  automotive  supply  chains,  on  1921  march  2019  in  atlanta.  danish  shipping  line  dfds  isintroducing  the  roro  vessel,  hollandia  seaways  ,  to  the  gothenburgghent  route,  with  volvo  set  to  be  one  of  its  customers  southkoreas  ecopro  bm,  acathode  manufacturerforelectric  vehicle  batteries,  has  signeda  memorandum  of  understandingwith  mine  development  companyblackstone  mineralstoadvanceblackstones  ta  khoa  nickel  project  in  northern  vietnam  lineside  workers  at  nissans  tochigi  plant
__label__logisticstracking in  japan  are  now  learning  a  series  of  innovative  production  techniques  as  the  company  prepares  for  an  electric,connected  generation  of  cars  reusable  packaging  systems  company  ssi  schaefer  will  provide  design,  manufacturing  and  distribution  support  to  large  industrial  manufacturers,  with  an  emphasis  on  the  automotive  industry  unipart  logistics  has  signed  a  contract  with  jaguar  land  rover  jlr  to  continue  providing  packing  services  to  the  oem  for  a  further  four  years.  the  agreement  will  secure  work  for  around  100  employees  at  uniparts  two  plants  in  central  england  and  run  to  the  end  of  ...  the  vehiclemaker  has  officially  opened  a  65m  service
__label__logisticstracking parts  centre  in  michigan  that  will  pack  120m  parts  per  year  for  the  ac  delco  and  gm  genuine  parts  brands.the  new  facility,  which  covers  102,000  sq.m  in  the  suburb  of  burton  in  flint,  is  triple  the  size  of  the  facility  it  is  replacing  and  employs  800  people,  according  to  gm.  automotive  logistics  is  the  leading  resource  for  automotive  logistics  and  supply  chain  professionals  globally.  join  today  to  access  automotive  logistics  wealth  of  global  news,  insights,  intelligence  and  to  make  important  connections  across  the  automotive  industry.  your  free  registration  includes:  site  powered  by
__label__logisticstracking a  definition  of  iot  products  has  been  a  involving  the  technology,  but  broadly  speaking,  it  refers  to  any  device  that  connects  to  the  internet  other  than  your  standard  laptop,  desktop  or  smartphone.  when  combined  with  various  sensors,  its  easy  to  see  how  the  ability  to  share  data  quickly  over  the  internet  can  come  in  handy  for  supply  chain  operators.  while  spending  might  be  starting  to  speed  up  now,  this  line  of  thinking  around  data  sharing  has  been  around  for  a  number  of  years.  these  points  must  have  hit  home  with  carriers,  logistics  providers  and  other  supply  chain  operators,  as  many
__label__logisticstracking of  these  companies  have  since  announced  iot  projects  they  say  will  provide  them  greater  transparency  or  help  in  eliminating  slow  and  laborious  manual  processes.  earlier  this  year,  the  started  using  an  iot  application  to  help  manage  its  shipping  operations.  it  uses  sensors  around  the  port  to  collect  water  and  weather  information  to  help  with  ship  scheduling.  this  kind  of  sensor  deployment  provides  operators  with  a  realtime  overview  of  whats  happening  at  the  port.  all  of  this  data  collection  can  also  help  with  further  technology  implementation  in  the  future  this  lays  the  foundation  to  facilitate  autonomous  shipping  in  the  port  of
__label__logisticstracking rotterdam  in  the  future,  the  port  said  in  a  earlier  this  year.  meanwhile,  the  carriers  hauling  containers  are  also  looking  to  iot  to  better  understand  their  operations.  msc  has  with  iot  devices  to  track  the  location,  temperature,  vibration  and  other  aspects  of  a  containers  journey.  this  will  give  msc  greater  transparency  into  the  journey  of  a  container,  but  it  also  expects  it  to  help  expedite  the  customs  process.  iot  is  also  proving  useful  in  the  warehouse.  are  one  of  the  more  highflying  ways  of  managing  inventory.  drones  can  scan  rfid  tags  throughout  a  warehouse,  eliminating  the  need  for  a  human
__label__logisticstracking to  do  this  work  and  potentially  helping  address  labor  shortages  in  warehouse  work.  as  iot  technology  reaches  new  heights,  so  too  will  the  money  being  spent  on  the  technology.  whether  companies  find  value  in  these  investments  will  come  down  to  whether  the  devices  are  collecting  quality  data  and  if  the  companies  are  able  to  use  this  data  to  make  meaningful  changes  to  the  status  quo.  this  story  was  first  published  in  our  weekly  newsletter,  supply  chain  dive:  operations.  .  follow  on  subscribe  to  to  get  the  mustread  news  insights  in  your  inbox.  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,
__label__logisticstracking risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.  the  free  newsletter  covering  the  top  industry  headlines  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.  the  free  newsletter  covering  the  top  industry  headlines  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.
__label__logisticstracking supply  chain  management  is  the  key  to  success  in  every  business  retail,  service,  and  manufacturing.  anyone  wellversed  with  logistics  will  testify  about  nightmarish  situations  when  a  container,  freighter  or  personnel  cannot  be  located  due  to  lack  of  adequate  tracing  tools.  such  scenarios  make  it  imperative  that  every  stakeholder  in  supply  chain  industry  and  management  utilize  benefits  offered  by  the  internet  of  things  iot.  more  internet  of  things  can  broadly  be  described  as  connecting  small  and  large  devices  through  the  internet.  such  connectivity  enables  them  to  be  controlled,  tracked  and  traced  easily  by  anyone  who  has  authorized  access,  even  from  a
__label__logisticstracking remote  location.  everyday  examples  of  iot  includes  smartphones  that  can  be  tracked  and  traced  when  misplaced  or  stolen,  refrigerators  and  air  conditioners  whose  temperatures  can  be  adjusted  remotely.  the  same  principle  holds  good  when  it  comes  to  the  large  logistics  and  supply  chain  industry.  logistics  and  supply  chain  management  is  prone  to  various  natural  and  manmade  vagaries.  these  include  climatic  conditions,  power  outages  for  any  reason,  traffic  snarls,  port  congestions,  labor  strikes  at  airlines  operating  freighters  and  vehicle  breakdowns,  among  others.  businesses  that  have  shipped  cargo  or  awaiting  delivery  stand  to  lose  heavily  if  their  consignment  is  delayed.  blasphemous  volumes
__label__logisticstracking of  perishable  products  like  foodstuff  are  inadvertently  lost  due  to  poor  or  inadequate  logistical  support.  food  and  agriculture  organization  of  united  nations  fao  estimates  that  onethird  of  food  produced  worldwide  is  lost  or  wasted,  partly  due  to  faulty  or  insufficient  supply  chain.  an  fao  report  states,  mere  25  percent  of  the  lost  and  wasted  food  would  be  sufficient  to  feed  all  the  hungry  and  undernourished  people  of  the  world.  other  common  items  lost  or  damaged  in  supply  chain  include  electronics,  garments,  and  medicines.  losses  and  damages  of  these  goods  occur  due  to  lack  of  proper  warehousing  facilities,  faulty  transport,  climatic
__label__logisticstracking conditions,  and  delays.  there  are  also  examples  of  arms  and  ammunition  falling  into  the  wrong  hands  due  to  logistical  blunders.  such  losses  can  prove  very  expensive  not  only  regarding  value  but  also  death  and  destruction  wrought  to  human  life  and  infrastructure.  temperature  control  is  essential  when  handling  reefers,  freighters,  and  cold  storages.  massive  amounts  of  food  are  lost  annually  due  to  improper  cooling  temperatures.  the  problem  is  more  pronounced  with  reefers  sent  to  foreign  countries.  often,  handlers  at  the  ports  fail  to  connect  power  causing  perishables  to  rot.  similarly,  cold  storages  also  have  to  maintain  proper  humidity  and  temperatures  to
__label__logisticstracking ensure  food  consignments  remain  fresh.  with  iot,  logistics  providers  can  accurately  track  the  temperature  of  reefers,  freighters,  and  cold  storages  and  check  if  they  are  maintained  at  desired  levels.  they  can  alert  handlers  to  take  immediate  action,  should  any  aberrations  in  temperature  be  detected.  logistics  and  supply  chain  depends  on  timely  delivery  to  the  intended  consignee.  a  logistics  company  serves  as  the  intermediate  consignee;  once  a  shipment  is  handed  over.  upon  receiving  the  consignment,  they  have  to  ensure  its  timely  delivery.  though  every  logistics  provider  tries  to  deliver  consignments  on  or  before  schedule,  their  efforts  are  impeded  in  different  ways:
__label__logisticstracking they  are  unable  to  track  the  location  of  a  container  or  truck  and  schedule  its  loading  on  freighters  for  timely  delivery.  a  vehicle  could  be  caught  in  traffic  snarls  or  delayed  for  any  other  reason.  the  absence  of  such  tracking  information  can  prove  frustrating  to  the  consignee,  consigner,  and  supply  chain  managers.  iot  makes  it  possible  to  pinpoint  the  location  of  a  vehicle  or  cargo  and  schedule  its  loading  or  delivery.  timely  maintenance  of  vehicles  and  knowing  whether  there  are  any  breakdowns  on  any  particular  route  is  of  great  significance  for  logistics  providers.  can  prove  cumbersome,  especially  in  peak  seasons
__label__logisticstracking when  there  are  large  movements  of  goods.  through  iot,  it  is  possible  to  create  maintenance  schedules  for  the  fleet  and  ensure  adequate  trucks  and  freighters  are  available  on  any  given  day  for  seamless  cargo  movement.  roadside  breakdowns  of  vehicles  carrying  shipments  can  be  tracked  with  iot.  this  enables  getting  the  vehicle  repaired  quickly  by  contacted  mechanics  or  nearest  garages.  keeping  tabs  on  a  fleet  is  vital  for  every  logistics  provider.  iot  can  play  a  major  role  in  the  transportation  of  dangerous  cargo  such  explosives,  gases,  corrosives,  radioactive  material,  flammable  liquids  and  solids,  oxidizers,  biohazardous,  toxic  and  contaminating  substances.  such  goods
__label__logisticstracking require  excellent  handling,  from  the  time  they  are  received  to  storage  and  delivery.  iot  enabled  tankers  and  containers  facilitate  realtime  tracking  of  dangerous  cargo.  logistics  providers  can  divert  hazardous  cargo  to  safer  routes  and  minimize  chances  of  accidents.  it  also  enables  supply  chain  managers  to  detect  leaks  and  spillages  and  take  immediate  measures  to  prevent  damage  to  the  environment,  loss  of  property  and  life.  iot  means  you  can  also  ensure  explosives  do  not  fall  into  the  wrong  hands.  safety  of  explosives  and  other  dangerous  cargo  is  assuming  greater  significance  in  light  of  terror  attacks  perpetrated  by  radical  groups  worldwide.  iot
__label__logisticstracking does  not  significantly  increase  operational  costs  of  any  logistics  company.  it  facilitates  better  supply  chain  management  by  providing  realtime  tracking  of  cargo.  this  translates  into  excellent  customer  service  as  logistics  providers  can  provide  realtime  data  to  shippers  and  consignees.  iot  also  helps  in  reducing  the  environmental  impact  of  logistics  and  supply  chain  management,  among  other  benefits.  astute  fleet  and  personnel  management  through  iot  can  save  money  on  vehicle  repairs  and  gasoline  while  enabling  timely  pickups,  proper  warehousing,  and  delivery.  a  major  snarl  that  iot  in  logistics  and  supply  chain  management  encounters  is  poor  internet  coverage  in  various  foreign  countries.  while
__label__logisticstracking it  is  possible  to  track  consignments,  control  warehouse,  manage  fleet  and  staff  by  iot  in  countries  that  have  higher  rates  of  internet  proliferation,  the  scenario  changes  drastically  when  it  comes  to  locations  where  connectivity  is  limited.  for  example,  iot  is  barely  used  in  a  country  like  india  despite  the  presence  of  .  this  is  because  internet  connectivity  in  india  remains  patchy.  iot  for  logistics  and  supply  chain  management  is  here  to  stay.  in  fact,  success  and  profits  of  logistics  and  supply  chain  providers  will  depend  upon  how  rapidly  they  can  implement  iot  in  various  areas  of  their  operation.  customers  will
__label__logisticstracking tilt  towards  logistics  providers  that  can  provide  realtime  tracking  rather  than  occasional  updates  of  consignments.  iot  will  enable  logistics  and  supply  chain  management  to  improve  efficiency,  environment  safety  and  make  better  profits.  to  read  more  about  look  to  kencos  ebook  on  the  subject.  thanks  for  reading  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  garima  is  a  free  thinker  and  an  enthusiastic  writer.  her  area  of  interest  in  blogging  is  business  ideas,  tips  on  career,  business  startup  and  education  related  topics.
__label__logisticstracking no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__logisticstracking products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  transforming  logistics  with  ai  and  iot  its  always  been  the  biggest  challenge  in  the  logistics  sector  to  keep  track  of  where  everything  is.  while
__label__logisticstracking most  transportation  logistics  service  providers  are  already  using  mobile  technologies,  a  changing  regulatory  environment,  rising  labor  rates,  increased  traffic,  and  the  volatile  nature  of  fuel  prices  continue  to  make  operations  challenging.  on  top  of  that,  companies  are  also  facing  rising  demand  from  the  market  with  a  growing  need  for  more  transparency.  the  latest  developments  in  ai  and  iot  are  shaping  the  future  of  logistics  with  datadriven,  intelligent  supply  chains  that  use  machine  learning  systems.  ai  delivers  an  opportunity  for  the  next  level  of  optimization  in  logistics  while  allowing  businesses  to  be  flexible  and  fast  with  the  changing  customer  demands  and
__label__logisticstracking industry  trends.  since  iot  and  ai  has  a  huge  potential  to  keep  almost  everything  connected  e.g.,  assets,  trucks,  etc.  using  embedded  sensors,  it  provides  unprecedented  visibility  into  personnel,  operations,  equipment,  and  transactions.  with  the  right  intelligent  solution  in  place,  companies  can  connect  all  assets  across  a  centralized  cloud  network,  and  capture  critical  data  for  further  analysis  with  ml  models  to  make  sure  everything  is  in  order.  as  it  facilitates  ,  companies  can  effectively  ensure  compliance,  improve  performance  and  agility,  and  reduce  risk.  once  a  proper  iotenabled  infrastructure  is  created  and  deployed,  it  enables  organizations  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key
__label__logisticstracking assets  to  optimize  logistics,  prevent  quality  issues,  and  maintain  inventory  levels.  users  can  analyze  the  collected  data  and  identify  patterns  to  take  the  right  actions  and  optimize  business  processes.  iotdriven  solutions  allow  fleet  managers  to  monitor  and  manage  everything  from  a  single  place,  which  helps  them  make  informed  decisions  about  how  goods  are  monitored,  stored,  routed,  and  delivered  to  customers.  a  recent  study  suggests  that  companies  that  invested  in  iot  have  observed  a  dramatic  increase  in  their  efficiency.  through  an  increasing  number  of  embedded  sensors,  connected  devices,  and  analytics  technologies,  companies  in  transport  and  logistics  can  more  intelligently  exploit  their
__label__logisticstracking rich  and  complex  data  asset  base,  optimize  operations,  and  create  new  revenue  possibilities.  aigenerated  predictive  analytics  can  be  used  to  avoid  risk,  optimize  routes,  predict  demands,  prevent  inaccurate  stocking,  and  respond  proactively  to  future  developments.  the  logistics  business  requires  a  lot  of  planning,  flexibility  and  ability  to  adjust  when  unexpected  circumstances  occur.  ai  and  iot  not  only  automate  a  lot  of  processes  but  also  help  companies  to  save  a  considerable  amount  of  money  and  time  spent  in  ensuring  smooth  operations.  contact  us  if  you  want  to  learn  more  about  deploying  ai  in  your  logistics  business.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,
__label__logisticstracking we  use  cookies  to  improve  our  site  and  your  experience.  by  continuing  to  browse  our  site,  you  accept  our  cookie  policy.  from  telematics  to  v2v  communication,  we  take  a  quick  survey  of  connected  shipping  and  transport  today,  and  look  at  where  things  are  headed.  the  internet  of  things  iot  surrounding  shipping,  logistics  and  transport  is  growing  in  size  and  sophistication.  this  iot  ecosystem  becomes  active  when  mobile  connectivity  meets  vehicles  and  containers  equipped  with  sensors.  with  a  twoway  channel  to  the  cloud,  connected  assets  share  and  receive  data.  the  possible  uses  for  that  data  are  just  beginning  to  be  realised.
__label__logisticstracking from  location  tracking  to  assisted  and  autonomous  drive,  iot  is  transforming  the  entire  transport  chain.  modern  telematics  systems  are  capable  of  analysing  vehicle  performance  and  driver  behaviour,  providing  comprehensive  feedback  to  both  managers  and  drivers.  telematics  and  tracking  allow  for  optimised  route  planning  and  vehicle  maintenance  based  on  near  realtime  data.  for  commercial  fleets,  managing  fuel  consumption  has  long  been  a  challenge.  telematics  allow  vehicles  to  record  detailed  input  such  as  road  conditions  and  elevations.  this  data  can  then  be  used  to  guide  other  connected  vehicles  to  accelerate  and  brake  more  efficiently.  as  better  performance  leads  to  reduced  emissions,  fleets
__label__logisticstracking are  also  able  to  become  more  green  and  improve  corporate  responsibility.  in  the  longterm,  the  shipping  and  transport  market  is  expected  to  become  increasingly  dominated  by  a  handful  of  players  operating  across  multiple  continents.  with  better  oversight,  fleet  managers  can  effectively  coordinate  drivers,  dispatchers  and  call  centers  across  wide  areas.  assigning  routes  and  loads  is  easier  with  realtime  details  on  the  location  and  condition  of  vehicles  and  goods.  iot  technology  also  helps  reduce  the  risks  of  theft  and  piracy,  container  damage,  and  disruption  of  refrigeration.  getting  the  product  to  the  customer  at  the  right  time,  right  place  and  right  cost
__label__logisticstracking is  what  the  business  is  all  about.  iot  provides  global  scale  with  closeup  focus.  instead  of  scanning  bar  codes,  it  is  becoming  economically  feasible  to  use  sensors  to  track  assets  in  transit.  detailed  updates  let  customers  know  customers  exactly  when  to  expect  their  delivery.  in  europe,  drivers  are  legally  required  to  accurately  record  their  activities,  retain  the  records,  and  produce  them  on  demand  to  transport  authorities.  digital  tachographs  which  record  speed,  distance,  and  drivers  activity  ensure  regulatory  compliance  and  accurate  record  keeping  for  the  entire  fleet.  using  data  from  connected  vehicles,  insurance  companies  are  offering  fleets  policies  with  rates  based
__label__logisticstracking on  usage,  driver  behaviour  and  other  variables.  these  models  are  called  userbased  insurance  ubi,  pay  as  you  drive  payd,  and  pay  how  you  drive  phyd.  already  a  standard  procedure  in  the  uk,  us  and  italy,  insurance  underwriters  in  many  other  countries  are  preparing  to  provide  ubi.  stolen  vehicle  tracking  svt,  or  stolen  vehicle  recovery  svr,  is  also  growing  in  popularity.  in  the  event  of  a  reported  theft,  the  svt  system  interacts  with  the  police  to  locate  and  recover  the  stolen  vehicle.  factoryinstalled  telematics  hardware  is  becoming  standard  in  commercial  vehicles.  this  puts  the  pressure  on  oems  to  either  build  iot
__label__logisticstracking competence  inhouse,  or  to  work  with  specialised  service  providers.  manufacturers  also  must  decide  how  to  work  with  aftermarket  players  to  offer  invehicle  software  and  connected  services.  with  undefined  possibilities,  enduser  data  is  a  valuable  commodity.  finding  ways  to  use  that  data  effectively  could  lead  to  collaborations  with  both  disruptors  and  established  players  in  logistics  ecosystem.  today,  iot  solution  providers  usually  act  as  the  gatekeepers  for  commercial  vehicle  data,  but  open  interfaces  are  giving  fleet  managers  more  control.  the  ability  to  collect  data  from  mixed  fleets  will  allow  fleet  managers  to  assume  a  more  prominent  role,  working  in  partnership  with  oems
__label__logisticstracking who  can  only  collect  data  from  the  vehicles  they  manufacture.  as  mobile  communication  become  increasingly  rapid,  vehicles  are  able  to  communicate  in  near  realtime.  this  allows  trucks  to  drive  in  platoons,  automatically  maintaining  speed  and  distance  between  one  another.  not  only  does  this  free  up  space  on  the  road  for  other  vehicles,  it  also  produces  less  air  drag,  which  leads  to  lower  fuel  consumption  and  emissions.  commercial  vehicle  oems  are  increasingly  expected  to  integrate  videobased  solutions  in  standard  offers.  these  cameras  allow  work  to  be  automated  or  performed  remotely.  as  technology  improves,  drivers  may  be  able  to  issue  instructions  to
__label__logisticstracking the  truck  with  a  simple  move  of  their  hand  or  a  few  words.  as  the  connected  vehicles  market  begins  to  mature  an  ecosystem  that  brings  together  vehicle  markets,  connectivity  providers,  applications  and  the  end  users  whether  enterprise  or  consumer  needs  to  be  brought  together.
__label__logisticstracking the  world  is  entering  a  new  era  in  logistics;  one  where  it  is  possible  to  oversee  the  complete  supply  chain  in  real  time  by  ,  cheaply  and  using  little  energy.  by  frank  sauber  the  supply  chain  is  complex  and  involves  many  actors,  in  cluding  subcontractors  and  transportation  companies,  making  it  difficult  to  have  an  endtoend  view.  supply  chain  managers  can  be  almost  blind  on  some  parts  of  the  physical  ows,  which  creates  instability,  reduces  planning  accuracy  and  agility,  and  increases  lead  times.  business  success  is  rooted  in  supply  chain  visibility.  however,  achieving  that  presents  a  real  challenge,  because  there  are
__label__logisticstracking so  many  actors  and  factors  that  can  cause  bottlenecks  and  delays.  across  all  industries,  however,  digital  technologies  are  fundamentally  changing  how  logistics  works.  the  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  computing,  and  especially  geolocation  technologies  are  dramatically  boosting  the  transparency  of  supply  chain  operations  for  suppliers,  manufacturers,  and  end  customers.  logistics  companies  can  now  choose  from  a  wealth  of  technology  options.  smart  logistics  make  it  possible  for  companies  to  constantly  evaluate  and  optimize  their  supply  chains.  with  a  system  thats  drawing  on  a  wealth  of  data  from  many  connected  devices,  companies  can  now  expect  instant  visibility  of  warehouse  delays  and  routes
__label__logisticstracking taken,  helping  them  to  address  supply  chain  inefficiencies  or  even  eradicate  them  altogether.  iot  is  transforming  logistics  and  management.  cisco  and  dhl  estimate  that  iot  technologies  like  asset  tracking  solutions  could  create  1.9  trillion  in  economic  value  for  the  global  supply  chain  and  logistics  sector.  innovation  is  happening  at  the  level  of  sensors  attached  to  goods  and  assets  as  well  as  at  the  networks  level,  capturing  and  transferring  data  all  the  way  from  the  production  line  to  the  point  of  final  delivery.  logistics  companies  can  now  choose  from  a  wealth  of  technology  options.  right  now,  they  may  be  using  rfid
__label__logisticstracking or  bluetooth  technologies  to  monitor  goods  in  the  warehouse,  but  what  happens  once  the  goods  exit  past  the  gate?  trucks  might  have  gps,  but  the  trailer  sitting  in  a  parking  lot  probably  doesnt.  cellular  technology  could  be  used  to  track  a  container  crosscontinent,  but  it  may  run  out  of  battery.  although  geolocation  technologies  have  been  around  for  years,  their  spread  has  been  limited  mainly  because  network  services  lack  worldwide  coverage,  global  reach,  and  a  low  total  cost  of  ownership  tco.  today,  change  is  being  driven  by  new  geolocation  solutions  that  use  network  services  based  on  lowpower  widearea  lpwa  networks.  global
__label__logisticstracking iot  services  provider  is  one  such  network  bringing  down  the  cost  and  energy  consumption  required  to  securely  connect  iot  trackers  and  sensors  to  the  cloud.  the  network  currently  spans  50  countries  and  will  cover  more  than  60  by  the  end  of  2018.  thanks  to  sigfoxs  radio  technology  and  disruptive  network  architecture,  longbatterylife  iot  tracking  devices  and  lowtco  solutions  are  now  available  on  the  market,  with  global  network  coverage  able  to  meet  international  business  needs.  ideally  suited  for  small  amounts  of  data,  such  as  geolocation  information,  sigfoxs  iot  network  is  currently  being  used  across  supply  and  production  chains,  logistics,  and  shipping
__label__logisticstracking and  packaging.  sigfox  is  unique  in  the  lpwa  landscape  in  that  all  its  base  stations  catching  radio  signals  sent  by  objects  are  part  of  the  same  network.  that  means  that  moving  containers,  pallets,  rti,  uld,  and  trailers  equipped  with  iot  trackers  can  transmit  their  data  all  over  the  world  a  real  game  changer  when  compared  to  existing  gsmbased  solutions.  there  are  many  ways  to  locate  an  asset  and  the  right  combination  of  technologies  will  depend  on  each  organizations  requirements.  gps  is  available  to  companies  that  require  very  precise  location  details  mainly  for  outdoor  purposes  using  the  low  cost  and  low
__label__logisticstracking power  advantages  of  lpwan  technologies  to  transmit  the  geolocation  data  captured  by  gps  trackers.  gps,  however,  is  usually  a  more  powerhungry  feature.  another  option  is  to  use  lpwa  network  data.  by  leveraging  the  received  signal  strength  indicator  rssi  coming  from  the  messages  sent  by  the  tracking  device  and  received  by  the  network  infrastructure,  its  possible  to  locate  any  asset.  such  a  networkbased  location  solution  enables  the  geolocation  application  to  operate  with  very  low  cost  and  low  energy  location  devices  equipped  with  just  a  sigfox  module.  this  method  provides  a  kilometerlevel  tracking  accuracy  of  between  1  km  and  10  km.  when
__label__logisticstracking even  greater  accuracy  is  needed  and  for  urban,  indoor  environments,  surrounding  wifi  signals  can  be  intercepted  to  obtain  their  location,  and  then  by  querying  worldwide  databases,  mac  addresses  sent  to  the  cloud  by  the  trackers  via  the  sigfox  network  can  be  translated  into  geographical  positions.  this  technology  is  leveraging  the  global  footprint  of  the  wifi  infrastructure,  which  has  both  indoor  and  outdoor  coverage  and  a  high  density  in  urban  areas.  intercontinental  ows  like  sea  freight  with  long  lead  times,  production  ows  involving  external  players  like  suppliers  or  subcontractors,  and  equipment  monitoring  like  reusable  packaging  are  all  blind  ows  that  can
__label__logisticstracking benefit  from  using  geolocation  technologies  in  this  way.  there  are  huge  advantages  associated  with  more  accurate  asset  tracking.  improvements  to  service  levels  for  clients  might  include  a  reduction  in  lead  times  because  detecting  containers  unloading  at  the  arrival  port  helps  to  accelerate  logistics  operations  at  its  destination.  likewise,  alerts  about  delays  can  help  trigger  corrective  actions  to  better  manage  priorities  between  clients  and  improve  supply  chain  planning.  any  company  can  benefit  from  increased  visibility  around  its  supply  chain.  among  the  early  adopters  of  iot  geolocation  and  iot  tracking  solutions  is  michelin,  the  global  tire  manufacturer,  which  tracks  its  intercontinental  seafreight
__label__logisticstracking containers  in  real  time.  by  providing  freighters  with  a  geolocation  service  with  which  to  monitor  its  containers  from  the  initial  warehouse  to  the  final  point  of  delivery,  michelin  has  been  able  to  improve  its  operational  value  by  reducing  lead  time,  providing  alerts  about  delays,  and  ensuring  appropriate  transport  conditions.  eye  in  the  sky:  there  are  huge  advantages  associated  with  more  accurate  asset  tracking,  and  blind  ows  can  benefit  most  from  geolocation  technologies.  using  this  iot  solution  has  enabled  michelin  to  decrease  transit  stocks  by  10  percent,  increase  estimated  time  of  arrival  eta  accuracy  by  40  percent  and  reduce  out  of
__label__logisticstracking stock  oos  situations  due  to  exceptional  causes,  such  as  bad  weather,  by  a  factor  of  4.  other  companies,  including  airbus  and  total,  are  now  following  suit,  working  with  sigfox  and  its  ecosystem  of  partners  to  deploy  global  geolocation  solutions,  in  order  to  improve  logistics  ow  and  track  freight,  optimize  rolling  stock,  and  help  manage  trailer  fleets.  the  global  supply  chain  iot  tracking  devices  dont  need  to  send  huge  amounts  of  data  and  can  run  seamlessly  on  simple  networks.  the  success  of  the  connected  supply  chain  of  the  future  will,  therefore,  rely  on  the  solution,  as  well  as  the  network  it
__label__logisticstracking connects  to,  and  their  ability  to  meet  key  supply  chain  requirements  such  as  compatibility  with  multiple  transport  modes,  stakeholders,  and  destinations.  having  a  worldwide  footprint,  a  global  reach  for  data,  and  a  businessconsistent  tco  will  also  be  critical  factor.  what  should  be  the  per  unit  or  bundle  cost  a  company  should  charge  to  track  the  clients  products?  pingback:  required  fields  are  marked  in  many  companies,  lot  of  work  time  goes  into  monitoring  and  managing  the  consumption  and  reordering  of  supplies  like  printer  paper  to  run  operations.  a  prototype  of  vr  glasses  has  been  tested  on  cows  on  a  farm  in
__label__logisticstracking the  moscow  region,  russia  to  improve  cow  conditions.  the  ericsson  mobility  report  is  released  twice  each  year  and  provides  projections  and  analyses  of  the  latest  trends  in  the  mobile  industry,  including  subscription,  mobile  data  traffic  and  population  coverage.  sierra  wireless  announced  the  launch  of  the  airlink  managed  network  service  with  embedded  firstnet  connectivity.  following  the  launch  of  its  first  two  nano  satellites  into  the  stratosphere  in  late  2018,  dutch  startup  hiber  is  excited  to  announce  that  its  iot  network,  bringing  low  power  and  low  cost  connectivity  to  remote  and  developing  areas  for  the  first  time  ever,  is  now  live.  smart
__label__logisticstracking we  will  only  ship  you  the  tracking  devices  you  need,  when  and  where  you  need  them.  tracking  devices  come  charged  and  ready  to  go.  there  are  no  wires  to  connect  or  buttons  to  press.  receive  alerts  when  they  occur.  whether  you  are  shipping  via  land,  sea,  rail  or  air,  we  monitor  the  location  and  the  condition  of  your  shipment  almost  anywhere  around  the  globe.  need  to  use  the  tracking  devices  again?  go  right  ahead  otherwise,  well  organize  the  pickup  of  the  tracking  devices  when  youre  ready  to  return  them.  bell.one  platform  can  track  the  products  in  near  real  time  and
__label__logisticstracking provide  the  manufacturer  the  exact  location  of  their  products  across  the  globe.  the  location  is  also  augmented  with  the  ability  to  notify  relevant  personnel  when  the  products  are  in  unexpected  locations.  bell.one  platform  is  able  to  automatically  display  the  exact  location  of  trucks  and  also  display  the  nearest  truck  to  the  pickup  location.  visibility  is  provided  both  to  desktops  as  well  as  a  noc  dashboard.  bell.one  platform  can  track  the  product  location  as  well  as  the  condition.  with  sensors  designed  to  indicate  packaging  breach  alerts  can  be  generated  at  the  point  of  incidence.  bell.one  platform  can  monitor  a  variety  of
__label__logisticstracking asset  conditions  include  temperature,  pressure,  humidity,  shock,  altitude,  light  exposure  and  custom  environments  including  gases.  any  change  in  the  condition  is  matched  against  a  specified  control  threshold  and  reported  in  real  time.  bell.one  platform  is  able  to  monitor  the  temperature  around  the  material  and  automatically  report  any  deviations  from  set  thresholds.  the  deviation  provides  not  only  the  temperature  but  the  duration  and  the  locations.  bell.one  platform  can  monitor  the  assets  in  real  time  providing  alerts  when  an  asset  is  moved.  the  assets  can  be  monitored  on  a  global  scale  with  automated  cycle  counts.  bell.one  platform  can  monitor  the  assets  in
__label__logisticstracking real  time  providing  alerts  when  an  asset  is  tampered  or  moved.  the  assets  can  be  monitored  by  geography  and  asset  owner.  global  reach.  realtime  monitoring.  actionable  data  reporting.  ondemand  managed  service.  quickly  scalable  customizable.  published  api.  smart  device.  intelligent  reporting.  on  time  delivery.  enforcing  slas  verifiable  chain  of  custody.
__label__logisticstracking in  july  2018,  110  tons  of  cobalt  were  from  a  port  in  the  netherlands.  drums  with  the  valuable  battery  metal  disappeared  from  a  secure  area  of  a  warehouse  of  the  rotterdam  sea  port.  at  that  time,  the  value  of  the  batch  of  cobalt  was  equal  to  more  than  100  million  dollars.  the  thoroughly  planned  and  perfectly  executed  theft  occurred  amidst  a  hype  on  price  fluctuations  for  cobalt  on  the  world  metal  exchanges  that  happened  due  to  a  significant  asymmetry  in  a  supplyanddemand  ratio  of  minerals  on  the  global  market.  undoubtedly,  the  supplier  of  that  shipment  has  lost  something  more  valuable
__label__logisticstracking than  just  100  m.  most  probably,  its  business  reputation  was  damaged.  a  shipment  agency  which  was  providing  the  delivery  as  well  as  the  port  of  rotterdam  lost  a  significant  part  of  their  credibility  since  mass  media  broadcasted  them  as  culprits  of  the  accident.  an  insurance  company  involved  in  the  deal  had  to  indemnify  either  the  carrier  or  the  supplier  of  the  goods.  a  buyer  of  the  cobalt  faced  an  unexpected  interruption  in  its  workflow  that  could  probably  entail  significant  losses  due  to  a  tense  situation  in  a  battery  sector.  hence,  a  lack  of  security  in  logistics  has  resulted  in  numerous
__label__logisticstracking reputational,  operational,  and  financial  risks  for  a  number  of  organizations.  the  risks  that  swooped  in  due  to  a  seemingly  trivial  missing  of  commodity.  could  it  be  possible  to  prevent  such  an  accident?  of  course,  it  could  in  case  a  certain  technological  solution  was  implemented  in  the  delivery  process.  the  solution  we  mean  belongs  to  a  wide  range  of  the  iotenabled  systems  available  now  in  a  realm  of  safety  transportation.  lets  consider  how  logistics  can  benefit  from  various  hardwaresoftware  solutions  developed  by  the  companies.  transportation  is  exposed  to  a  fundamental  reshaping  nowadays  due  to  a  technological  leapfrog  in  information  technologies.  and
__label__logisticstracking the  heaviest  effect  in  such  a  transformation  belongs  to  the  internet  of  things.  selfparking  teslas,  driverless  trucks,  cargo  drones,  and  delivery  robots  are  just  few  of  numerous  disruptive  innovations  that  appeared  possible  in  logistics  thanks  to  the  internetbased  connectivity.  gps,  cellular  internet,  and  blockchain  happen  to  be  the  technologies  capable  of  solving  many  traditional  problems  in  the  transportation  sector.  do  you  know  that  up  to  30  of  all  products  never  get  to  their  destinations?  the  losses  appeared  due  to  delayed  deliveries.  the  iotenabled  fleettracking  systems  are  designed  to  meet  the  challenge  but  more  on  that  later.  since  automation  as  such
__label__logisticstracking is  aimed  at  mitigation  of  negative  human  factors,  drones  and  autonomous  vehicles  seem  a  feasible  solution  for  the  logistic  use  cases  where  humans  are  inferior  to  machines.  oftentimes,  this  is  not  about  a  capitalistic  greed  when  human  employees  are  fired  due  to  merely  mercantilist  objectives.  quite  specific  but  numerous  cases  require  the  concern  of  human  life.  first  of  all,  it  relates  to  military  applications  where  airforce  pilots,  for  example,  are  replaced  with  land  operators  of  the  armed  drones  in  many  missions.  another  case  is  deepwater  explorations  the  lion  share  of  which  is  executed  by  the  submersible  unmanned  vehicles.  according  to
__label__logisticstracking the  global  revenue  for  drones  will  reach  11.2  billion  by  2020.  young  startups  and  mature  industrial  behemoths  engaged  in  the  iot  sector  clearly  realize  that  logistics  is  a  very  promising  field  for  various  iot  implementations.  the  available  iot  solutions  that  have  already  proved  their  feasibility  in  transportation  would  rather  increase  the  interest  of  customers  to  the  other  newlydeveloped  systems  than  overheat  competition.  of  course,  competition  will  grow,  but  due  to  a  relative  infancy  of  the  iot  sector  there  will  be  enough  space  for  every  decent  player  on  the  market.  enthusiastically  estimates  that  iot  implementations  in  the  logistics  industry  can  generate
__label__logisticstracking about  2  trillion.  we  share  such  a  vision  through  representing  the  following  examples  of  the  viable  iot  solutions  in  smart  transportation.  when  something  wrong  happens  with  your  containers  somewhere  in  your  supply  chain,  your  should  be  informed  about  it  to  intervene  timely.  the  system  based  on  both  the  iot  and  blockchain  technologies  guarantees  you  a  full  awareness  of  the  status  of  all  your  shipments  in  a  real  time.  smart  containers  equipped  with  iot  sensors  connected  to  a  cloud  database  provide  a  total  traceability  of  all  deliveries.  the  remote  control  of  shipments  is  backed  by  immutable  records  in  a  distributed  ledger.
__label__logisticstracking this  is  where  meets  the  iot.  logistics  security  based  on  a  robust  data  verification  is  what  blockchain  can  provide  with  outstanding  efficiency  and  reliability.  the  cobalt  theft  in  rotterdam  described  at  the  beginning  of  the  present  article  could  hardly  occur  be  the  shipment  connected  to  a  traceandtrack  iot  system.  once  the  iot  makes  inanimate  objects  things  literally  communicative,  the  provided  ability  to  communicate  with  containers  can  eliminate  numerous  risks  inherent  in  a  logistics  routine.  skycell  got  wind  right:  no  need  to  rely  on  chance  anymore  if  the  iot  offers  you  a  precise  knowledge  about  everything  taking  place  within  your  supply
__label__logisticstracking chain.  smart  shipment  implies  smart  containers  first  of  all.  and  the  option  to  pay  for  a  tracking  service  in  crypto  btc  and  eth  wouldnt  hurt  in  the  21st  century,  right?  a  fleet  management  provider  from  lithuania  is  not  a  novice  in  a  logistics  market.  customers  from  127  countries  are  available  since  2007.  the  success  is  grounded  on  a  wide  array  of  services  from  ruptela.  unlike  skycell,  the  company  focuses  on  the  security  of  vehicles  in  addition  to  containers.  besides,  ruptela  offers  hardware  and  accessories  along  with  software.  such  a  holistic  approach  to  logistics  security  is  bearing  fruit.  the  gpsbased  fleet
__label__logisticstracking monitoring  and  control  system  from  ruptela  covers  a  standard  number  of  tasks  for  every  transport  manager:  data  on  vehicles,  drivers,  passengers,  and  cargo  is  collected  in  a  realtime  mode  through  various  domainspecific  iot  devices.  since  fuel  is  blood  for  vehicles,  ruptela  takes  care  of  the  health  of  fleets  via  the  fuel  control  and  fuel  theft  protection  systems.  sensors  with  opening  notifications  prevent  unauthorized  access  to  cargo.  various  means  of  driver  identification  along  with  such  straightforward  features  as  remote  ignition  blocking  help  keep  vehicles  secure.  continuous  monitoring  in  refrigerating  equipment  protects  perishable  products  from  damaging.  hence,  ruptela  provides  customers  with  one
__label__logisticstracking of  the  most  comprehensive  sets  of  iot  solutions  in  a  logistics  security  market.  seafood  is  perishable  and  this  is  a  problem  unless  sea  product  supply  chains  are  provided  with  a  reliable  trackandtrace  iot  system.  the  hyperledgerbased  startup  shows  how  such  a  system  can  work.  like  in  the  case  of  skycell,  we  see  what  a  fruitful  symbiosis  appears  when  the  internet  of  things  is  complemented  with  distributed  ledgers.  sawtooth  bets  on  a  total  transparency  of  the  entire  journey  of  sea  products  from  fishing  vessels  to  our  tables.  nobody  but  end  customers  should  figure  out  whether  one  or  another  supplier  of  sea
__label__logisticstracking products  is  credible  enough.  location,  temperature,  humidity,  motion,  shock,  and  many  other  telemetry  parameters  monitored  by  iot  devices  come  into  play  when  secure  logistics  of  seafood  takes  place.  but  how  can  we  make  sure  that  the  collected  data  is  original?  the  problem  of  trust  is  what  distributed  ledger  technologies  dlt  can  solve  like  no  other.  thats  why  sawtooth  applied  hyperledger  to  its  tracking  system  through  which  vendors  and  consumers  know  what  they  are  getting  and  what  they  are  paying  for.  sawtooth  solutions  are  not  limited  to  seafood  supply  chains  only,  however.  a  similar  trackand  trace  iot  dlt  system  can  be
__label__logisticstracking applied  to  any  other  sector  of  logistics  since  transparency  is  the  other  side  of  the  same  coin  of  security  in  a  transportation  industry.  one  of  the  almost  vacant  but,  at  the  same  time,  most  promising  niches  in  logistics  is  represented  by  only  few  manufacturers  of  auvs  autonomous  unmanned  vehicles.  a  young,  ambitious,  and  extremely  interesting  startup  is  an  illustrious  representative  of  that  cohort.  once  military  armed  drones  are  coming  to  a  common  practice  in  the  air  force,  why  not  apply  cargo  auvs  to  the  commercial  air  logistics?  a  small  but  brave  team  of  natilus  believes  that  the  contemporary  navigation  and
__label__logisticstracking remote  control  electronics  allows  making  unmanned  cargo  drones  real.  in  fact,  two  basic  challenges  arise  before  any  drone  manufacturer:  a  loadcarrying  capacity  and  flight  range.  the  current  stage  of  development  implies  quite  a  simple  principle:  the  larger  the  better  in  this  respect.  we  havent  seen  cargo  drones  capable  of  competing  with  boings  and  airbuses  yet  the  niche  is  really  vacant.  however,  the  very  mission  of  drones  is  hardly  about  transcontinental  flights.  a  fleet  of  middleweight  drones  capable  of  delivering  several  tons  of  cargo  each  within  a  radius  of  1000  kilometers  in  a  secure  and  inexpensive  manner  looks  like  a  very
__label__logisticstracking reasonable  solution  from  a  commercial  logistics  perspective.  natilus  believes  that  a  dronebased  freight  can  be  double  cheaper  than  a  conventional  air  transportation.  only  time  will  tell  whether  it  is  so,  but  the  commitment  of  natilus  deserves  respect  in  any  case.  despite  quite  a  long  history  of  transportation,  the  security  of  cargo,  safety  of  vehicles,  and  feasibility  of  routes  remain  challenging  in  the  contemporary  logistics  up  to  now.  anyone  can  find  various  explanations  why  so.  however,  the  continuous  traceability  of  moving  objects  vehicles  and  containers  makes  many  of  the  challenges  less  stressful.  the  given  above  iot  in  logistics  show  the  solutions
__label__logisticstracking worth  applying  by  customers  as  well  as  adopting  by  competitors.  since  both  iot  and  blockchain  technologies  have  proved  their  efficiency  in  a  transportation  market,  the  iot  companies  that  still  stand  away  from  logistics  are  suggested  to  undertake  developing  new  commercially  viable  iot  projects  for  a  shipment  sector.  practice  confirms  that  supply  chains  benefit  a  lot  from  the  iotenabled  trackandtrace  systems.  challenges  inherent  in  logistics  can  be  turned  into  a  working  routine  by  the  iot  professionals.  routine  does  not  necessarily  imply  something  boring  and  mundane.  this  is  about  a  stable  and  beneficial  business  when  a  winwin  strategy  brings  profits  to  both
__label__logisticstracking shippers  and  iot  developers.  indeed,  the  internet  of  things  transportation  provides  a  wide  field  for  every  decent  iot  solution  with  enough  room  to  exist.  how  much  does  it  cost  to  create  iot  solution?  smart  lock:  why  sloth  is  a  driver  of  the  iot  progress  iot  lecture  2:  proceeding  data  from  raspi  to  a  cloud  indeema  receives  clutch  leader  award  for  top  development  companies  in  ukraine  6  promising  germanaustrian  iot  startups  giving  a  presentation  with  perfect  ui/ux  design  5  iot  trends  to  watch  in  2020
__label__logisticstracking ,  a  very  well  known  buzzword  internet  of  things  has  become  the  next  step  in  technological  revolution.  its  about  connectivity,  optimization,  smart  management  and  much  more.  because  it  is  such  a  big  phrase,  it  can  be  difficult  to  visualize  what  kind  of  solutions  it  might  bring  in  a  specific  industry.  thats  why  we  prepared  these  use  cases  in  iot  transportation  and  logistics  so  help  finding  perfect  solutions  that  you  might  not  think  about.  related:  fleet  management  the  first  use  case  of  iot  in  transportation  and  logistics  is  fleet  management.  thanks  to  sensors  and  devices  embedded  in  the  vehicles  we  can
__label__logisticstracking gather  informations  about  condition  of  the  vehicle,  the  amount  of  fuel  or  driver  behaviour.  monitoring  the  condition  of  important  parts  of  vehicles  like  tire  pressure,  coolant  level  and  so  on  can  minimize  the  number  of  unexpected  failures.  having  realtime  access  to  these  data  makes  maintenance  a  lot  easier  and  more  effective.  this  type  of  smart  fleet  management  system  is  used  by  .  they  developed  a  monitoring  system  that  collects  data  from  gps  and  iot  sensors  to  minimize  the  number  of  fixes.  internet  of  things  solutions  in  transportation  can  also  be  used  to  describe  drivers  behaviour.  you  can  get  access  to
__label__logisticstracking information  about  the  speed  of  a  vehicle,  time  between  stops  or  even  driving  habits  how  the  driver  is  using  breaks  etc..  these  data  can  help  you  teach  your  drivers  how  to  drive  more  efficiently  and  use  less  fuel.  another  way  to  use  iot  in  logistics  is  by  installing  sensors  and  devices  responsible  for  maintaining  the  right  temperature  and  humidity  conditions  within  the  truck.  its  extremely  important  when  transporting  foods  and  medicines.  internet  of  things  gives  us  the  advantage  not  only  based  on  the  realtime  knowledge  on  the  situation.  many  devices  control  and  correct  the  situation  when  its  not  meeting  the
__label__logisticstracking standards.  source:  inventory  and  warehouse  management  another  iot  solution  in  logistics  is  warehouse  management  system  wms  or  inventory  management  system.  implementing  this  type  of  solution  will  improve  the  overall  warehouse  performance.  its  extremely  important  to  manage  the  warehouse  space  efficiently  in  order  to  make  the  delivery  of  goods  fast  and  easy.  moreover,  using  smart  systems  can  also  help  you  optimize  your  space  and  locate  packages  in  the  most  optimal  place.  installing  smart  sensors  in  the  warehouse  can  be  a  great  way  to  automatically  create  orders  when  theres  little  supply  left.  this  can  be  a  good  way  to  manage  limited  space
__label__logisticstracking in  the  warehouse.  rfid  tags  are  often  used  by  companies  to  manage  their  products  and  warehouses.  they  automatically  send  informations  to  database  when  the  product  has  left  the  warehouse.  supply  chain  management  before  product  gets  to  its  final  destination,  it  goes  through  a  whole  process  of  shipment.  when  millions  of  different  goods  are  changing  its  locations  at  the  same  time,  its  difficult  to  manage  them  efficiently.  thanks  to  iot  sensors  the  whole  process  can  be  much  more  effective  and  error  resistant.  iot  solutions  in  logistics  can  give  realtime  data  on  the  location  of  goods,  identify  whether  there  was  a  theft
__label__logisticstracking or  the  shipment  has  been  delayed.  from  a  sales  point,  its  crucial  to  have  access  to  the  highly  demanded  products  that  sale  quickly.  using  internet  of  things  in  supply  chain  management  can  help  manage  demand  and  plan  the  amount  of  goods  being  produced,  ordered  and  shipped  efficiently.  the  whole  process  can  be  optimized  to  minimize  costs  and  maximize  profit.  for  example,  is  using  iot  technologies  to  order  parts  from  different  countries  and  ship  vehicles  to  suppliers.  track  and  trace  making  sure  the  goods  are  in  the  right  trucks,  on  the  way  to  the  right  warehouses  etc.  is  crucial  in  transportation
__label__logisticstracking and  logistics.  it  also  takes  a  lot  of  time  and  resources  and  is  very  error  prone.  iot  sensors  like  rfid  radiofrequency  identification  or  aidc  automatic  identification  and  data  capture  are  great  methods  to  track  your  goods  and  manage  them  properly.  rfid  uses  radio  waves  to  determine  the  position  of  goods  based  on  implemented  microchips.  these  tags  can  transport  informations  not  only  about  what  the  product  is  and  where  it  is  but  also  where  its  supposed  to  be  shipped  etc.  the  biggest  advantage  of  rfid  over  traditional  scanning  is  that  it  is  being  done  wirelessly.  moreover,  data  can  be  transported  onto
__label__logisticstracking the  database  in  realtime.  so  you  can  have  access  to  informations  from  anywhere.  is  using  rfid  system  to  deliver  their  products  to  their  stores  in  over  20  countries.  source:  predictive  maintenance  machines  are  the  key  to  every  warehouse  and  every  logistic  center.  thats  why  predictive  maintenance  has  become  more  and  more  popular.  the  regular  way  of  maintenance  planning  is  by  the  age  of  a  machinery.  it  has  been  proven  to  not  be  an  effective  way  since  most  of  errors  happens  randomly.  machine  learning  allows  searching  for  patterns  and  repetitive  scenarios  to  predict  issues.  it  collects  previous  and  realtime  data  and
__label__logisticstracking processes  them  to  identify  possible  future  errors.  predictive  maintenance  is  a  great  way  of  using  iot  in  logistics.  it  helps  to  maintain  the  right  condition  of  all  devices  and  systems.  related:  customer  order  and  delivery  tracking  as  mentioned  before,  products  tracking  is  an  extremely  important  iot  solution  in  logistics.  but  its  not  only  for  companys  satisfaction.  internet  of  things  can  be  also  a  great  form  of  improving  customer  service  and  manage  delivery  process.  thanks  to  iot  not  only  company  but  also  a  customer  can  have  realtime  access  to  informations  about  their  order  since  the  moment  their  purchase  the  product.  moreover,
__label__logisticstracking some  companies  use  sensors  in  their  products  to  automatically  reorder  the  product  when  theres  little  of  it  left.  its  extremely  convenient  for  customers  and  beneficial  for  company.  alternative  distribution  methods  internet  of  things  were  surrounded  with  today  is  only  a  small  portion  of  what  its  going  to  be  like  in  the  next  few  years.  right  now,  were  focusing  on  implementing  different  type  of  sensors.  they  help  us  manage  the  whole  logistics  process  more  efficiently  and  costeffectively.  however,  the  same  sensors  can  be  a  huge  part  of  autonomous  distribution.  whether,  its  only  within  a  warehouse  or  globally.  companies  are  testing  using
__label__logisticstracking drones  as  a  delivery  method.  its  only  a  part  of  what  it  will  be  like  in  the  future.  source:  summary  internet  of  things  is  evolving  quickly.  it  offers  a  lot  of  great  solutions  to  optimize  processes  in  many  industries,  also  in  transportation  and  logistics.  the  examples  described  above  are  only  a  smart  part  of  how  iot  can  help  you  in  your  business.  do  you  have  an  iot  idea  but  youre  not  sure  how  to  make  it  a  reality?  contact  us  and  well  give  you  a  free  trial  im  a  university  graduate  from  innovation  and  public  zone  management  branding  speciality.  i
__label__logisticstracking have  high  level  both  english  and  management  skills.  moreover,  im  ambitious  and  hope  to  start  my  own  company  one  day.  boosthigh  gives  me  an  opportunity  to  evolve  and  make  an  impact  on  its  future.  currently  im  using  my  knowledge  and  experience  to  help  boosthigh  boost  high  48  665  002  628  officeboosthigh.com  boosthigh  sp.  z  o.o.  poland,  bydgoszcz,  bydgoskich  przemysowcw  6,  85862  vatid:  pl  9532753704
__label__logisticstracking iot  is  revitalizing  the  logistics  industry  with  impressive  applications.  the  number  of  connected  devices  is  projected  to  cross  50  billion  by  the  next  of  2020.  logistics  and  supply  chain  are  the  most  crucial  stakeholders.  transporters  confirm  that  they  are  attaining  remarkable  profits  by  improving  resource  optimization  with  smart  devices.  below  are  some  of  the  most  vital  use  cases  of  .  the  ridehailing  services  like  uber  and  lyft  are  already  leveraging  the  power  of  gps  to  ensure  realtime  surveillance,  monitoring,  and  tracking  of  vehicles.  however,  iot  in  supply  chain  and  logistics  can  be  even  more  effective.  it  allows  scheduling  of  fleet
__label__logisticstracking apart  from  freight  management.  the  iot  apps  with  gps  technology  also  display  weather  and  road  conditions  collected  from  various  vehicles.  iot  also  provides  the  ability  to  track  vehicle  health.  an  efficiently  built  app  would  display  the  info  regarding  condition  of  tires  and  mechanics  by  acquiring  the  information  from  onboard  devices.  moreover,  the  technology  also  assists  drivers  in  parking  and  managers  in  fuel  optimization.  with  alarming  amount  of  traffic  bustling  through  highways  and  midtown  roads,  the  future  of  mobility  might  appear  bleak.  a  couple  of  decades  back,  some  industrialists  and  city  administrations  wished  to  redesign  routes  so  that  small  parcel  delivery
__label__logisticstracking network  follows  different  route  from  the  ones  followed  by  private  cars.  fortunately,  innovations  in  drone  technology  are  playing  a  crucial  role  in  addressing  this  challenge.  the  startups  like  flirtey  are  demonstrating  the  fact  that  delivery  through  minidrones  is  more  than  a  concept.  although  the  services  provided  by  such  startups  are  on  a  very  small  scale,  yet  administrations  forecast  that  they  will  be  able  to  transfer  the  traffic  load  consumed  by  parcel  and  food  delivery  services  entirely  on  drones.  smart  iot  devices  enable  you  to  make  efficient  warehouse  management  as  well  as  inventory  tracking.  the  management  of  large  warehouses  is  often
__label__logisticstracking a  huge  mess  for  managers.  iot  devices  with  the  leverage  of  smartphone  app  provide  the  ability  of  aggregate  planning  and  improved  crossdocking  and  drop  shipping.  instead  of  verifying  product  units  manually,  rfid  and  barcode  tags  ensure  that  machines  with  scanners  perform  this  job  for  you.  the  results  of  can  be  seen  over  purposebuilt  smartphone  app.  consequently,  inventory  tracking  becomes  excessively  easier  and  effective  as  well.  besides,  the  cost  of  operations  are  is  reduced  significantly.  iot  is  leading  a  revolution  in  transport  industry  by  enabling  autonomous  mobility.  selfdriving  cars  are  highly  reliant  on  intelligent  devices  embedded  in  the  vehicle.  innoviz  lidar
__label__logisticstracking is  an  example.  this  device  measures  the  distance  of  surrounding  objects  while  an  autonomous  vehicle  moves  ahead  and  takes  turns.  it  shares  realtime  data  prompting  the  vehicle  to  decide  about  pushing  acceleration  and  brakes  at  an  appropriate  time.  the  widespread  adoption  of  lidar  will  not  only  facilitate  authorities  in  solving  traffic  problems  but  will  also  ensure  improvement  in  vehicles  fuel  efficiency.  lidar  mounted  selfdriving  vehicles  have  been  tested  for  millions  of  miles.  the  manufacturers  and  independent  reviewers  confirm  that  this  technology  will  drastically  reduce  road  accidents.  thousands  of  logistics  vehicles  operating  in  various  regions  of  the  us  develop  a  huge
__label__logisticstracking traffic  network.  the  use  of  iot  devices  in  these  vehicles  enables  the  fleet  managers  to  collaborate  and  create  a  connected  mesh.  it  allows  you  to  understand  driving  behaviors  of  drivers  by  utilizing  heat  map.  the  devices  improve  safety  of  fleet  and  provide  mechanism  to  enhance  fatigue  management.  one  of  the  most  crucial  aspects  is  the  development  of  route  plans  by  using  the  data  from  various  devices  embedded  in  vehicle.  you  do  not  need  to  be  present  in  the  vehicle.  instead,  you  can  monitor  fleet  remotely  using  smartphone  apps.  mob  inspire  is  the  leader  in  mobile  app  development.  share  the  objectives
__label__logisticstracking that  you  want  to  achieve  with  a  mobile  app  and  our  developers  will  assist  you  in  development  of  highly  efficient  and  costeffective  software.  228  hamilton  avenue  3rd  floor,  palo  alto,  ca,  usa  phone  :  1  650  8003640  email  :
__label__logisticstracking the  speed  of  business  today  is  faster  than  ever:  manufacturers  and  suppliers  want  more  efficient  handling  of  cargo,  customers  want  quicker  delivery  of  goods,  and  logistics  companies  want  more  ways  to  streamline  operations.  the  need  to  optimize  the  factory  service  chainthe  various  elements  that  comprise  shipping  and  deliveryis  more  important  than  ever.  but  doing  so  is  a  challenge.  with  so  many  moving  parts  factories,  warehouses,  oceangoing  vessels,  containerized  ports,  trucking  fleets,  and  rail  lines  as  well  as  constantly  changing  factors  such  as  weather  and  traffic,  logistics  companies  are  forever  playing  catchup.  and  because  shipping  and  delivery  involves  crossing  state  and
__label__logisticstracking international  borders,  safety  is  critical.  what  would  it  take  for  shipping  companies  to  get  ahead  of  the  curvenot  just  improve  delivery  times  but  predict  and  prepare  for  future  demand?  what  if  trucking  companies  could  optimize  transit  routes  in  real  time?  what  if  rail  transportation  could  implement  positive  train  control  ptc  while  reducing  operating  costs  and  achieving  totheminute  delivery?  what  if  there  was  a  way  to  visualize  an  entire  supply  chain  with  a  single  dashboard?  for  more  than  30  years,  wind  river  has  been  producing  innovative  software  to  help  the  worlds  largest  companies  succeed.  from  vxworks  ,  the  industrys  leading  operating
__label__logisticstracking system  for  embedded  devices,  to  wind  river  titanium  cloud  ,  the  first  fully  integrated  network  virtualization  platform,  wind  river  is  the  only  company  that  can  offer  businesses  in  logistics  and  shipping  a  complete  digital  solution.  now,  with  wind  river  helix  device  cloud,  companies  can  connect  thousands  of  edge  devices  to  a  central  system  for  instantaneous  monitoring  and  updating.  picture  a  milelong  train,  covered  in  thousands  of  sensors,  all  reporting  data  in  real  time  to  a  cloudbased  platform.  or  imagine  a  trucking  company  monitoring  the  positions  of  hundreds  of  vehicles,  optimizing  the  route  for  each  one  on  a  momentbymoment  basis.  working
__label__logisticstracking in  tandem  with  titanium  cloud,  device  cloud  allows  each  of  these  data  points  to  be  aggregated  and  analyzed  for  comprehensive  business  insights.  not  just  information  about  where  devices  are  and  how  theyre  performing,  but  predictive  analytics  to  determine  what  resources  will  be  needed  in  the  future.  by  leveraging  an  internet  of  things  iot  platform  designed  specifically  for  industryhighly  available,  highly  reliable,  and  featurecompleteshipping  companies  will  achieve  levels  of  efficiency  like  never  before.  logistics  are  about  to  get  a  lot  easier.  the  worlds  leading  oil  companies  and  energy  producers  will  achieve  unprecedented  efficiency  by  virtualizing  the  control  systems  in  refineries  and
__label__logisticstracking power  plants,  permanently  reducing  the  cost  of  upgrades.  food  and  beverage  producers,  pharmaceutical  companies,  and  other  major  manufacturers  can  tap  into  the  next  generation  of  robust  remote  applications  to  gain  higher  levels  of  complex  process  automation.  healthcare  companies,  hospital  networks,  and  individual  physicians  will  leverage  the  power  of  onpremises  cloud  networks  to  provide  better  care,  consolidate  medical  systems,  and  practice  predictive  medicine.  property  management  companies  and  building  operators  will  benefit  from  innovative  ways  to  manage  multiple  systems  simultaneously  to  improve  facility  use.  airport  operators,  rail  companies,  and  manufacturers  will  discover  innovative  ways  to  improve  the  passenger  experience,  as  well  as
__label__logisticstracking vehicle  performance,  safety,  scheduling,  and  security.  trust  systemcritical  devices  to  the  industrys  leading  operating  system,  offering  scalability,  security,  and  realtime  performance.  virtualize  an  industrial  data  center  with  the  first  fully  integrated,  featurecomplete  network  software  virtualization  platform.  more  industries  are  discovering  the  benefits  of  a  virtualized,  flexible  architecture.  learn  the  key  processes  and  software  components  of  an  endtoend  iot  solution.  top  wind  river  technology  leaders  share  the  latest  breakthroughs  in  virtualization.
__label__logisticstracking blockchain,  iot  and  mobile  technologies  can  be  integrated  into  a  single  powerful  solution  for  realtime  logistics  tracking.  this  could  solve  issues  with  transparency  and  record  verification  and  tracking  that  continue  to  haunt  the  logistics  sector  even  in  the  digital  era.  e.g.  securely  stored  and  documented  within  a  blockchain.  replace  paper  assets  and  signatures  with  digital  ones  smart  contracts  high  degree  of  security  and  reliability  unified  source  of  logistics  information
__label__logisticstracking dublin  the  report  has  been  added  to  offering.  the  report  iot  in  logistics:  technologies  and  usage  cases  is  an  attempt  to  analyze  the  key  trends  expected  to  impact  the  logistics  industry  and  its  various  stakeholders  in  2018.  the  global  lot  devices  market  in  the  logistics  sector  is  expected  to  grow  from  us90  million  in  2015  to  us2,438  million  by  2020,  growing  at  a  cagr  of  93.5  from  2016  to  2020.  during  the  same  period,  the  number  of  lot  connections  within  the  industry  is  expected  to  increase  from  15  million  to  255.5  million  by  2020.  in  the  logistics  sector,  keeping  track
__label__logisticstracking of  the  current  location  of  the  vehicle  and  parcel  has  always  been  a  major  challenge.  consequently,  internet  of  things  lot  is  redefining  nextgeneration  logistics  and  fleet  management  with  its  ubiquitously  connecting  capabilities.  lot  can  enable  logistics  organizations.to  accomplish  transparency,  efficiency,  maintenance,  automation,  and  cost  optimization  all  throughout  supply  chain  processes.  the  north  america  region  is  the  dear  leader  when  it  comes  to  lot  software  and  services  revenue  in  the  logistics  sector  with  more  than  50  of  the  revenue  coming  from  this  region  in  2015.  asiapacific  and  western  europe  are  the  second  and  third  largest  regions  with  combined  revenue  of  more
__label__logisticstracking than  us  184  million  in  2015.  technological  advancements  are  opening  up  a  range  of  new  opportunities  for  logistics  companies,  as  lot  solutions  for  the  logistics  sector  are  more  affordable  and  useful.  lot  is  playing  a  great  role  in  logistics  by  tracking  and  tracing  the  products  to  provide  complete  visibility  into  operation  and  monitor  everything  in  real  time.  integration  of  lot  and  big  data  in  logistics  is  expected  to  be  a  game  changer  which  can  enhance  the  accuracy  of  their  demand  forecasts,  discover  new  demand  patterns,  and  develop  new  services  by  sharing  data  with  partners  across  the  supply  chain.  in  addition,
__label__logisticstracking they  can  increases  asset  uptime  and  throughput,  engage  in  preventive  maintenance  and  conduct  realtime  supply  planning  utilizing  dynamic  data  feeds  from  production  sensors  and  the  lot.  1  in  a  nutshell  2  background:  business  challenges  3  iot  technologies  and  opportunities  4  logistics  usage  cases  5  market  size  and  forecast  6  key  market  drivers  and  inhibitors  7  vendor  landscape  8  future  outlook  for  more  information  about  this  report  visit  researchandmarkets.com  laura  wood,  senior  press  manager  for  e.s.t  office  hours  call  19173000470  for  u.s./can  toll  free  call  18005268630  for  gmt  office  hours  call  35314168900  related  topics:  ,  researchandmarkets.com  laura  wood,  senior  press  manager
__label__logisticstracking a  d  b  y  p  i  t  n  e  y  b  o  w  e  s  with  the  introduction  of  industry  4.0  or  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot,  digital  transformation  has  begun  to  show  its  profound  impact  on  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry.  as  industry  regulations  have  forced  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry  to  do  more  with  less,  the  profitability  is  threatened  across  the  board.  at  the  same  time,  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry  is  witnessing  cutthroat  competition  and  demands  a  digital  transformation  for  efficient  business  operations.  implementation  of  iiot  in  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry  is  a  way  out
__label__logisticstracking many  of  the  most  advanced  and  successful  blockchain  projects  involve  use  cases  related  to  supply  chain  and  logistics,  ranging  from  documentation  management  and  goods  tracking  to  trade  finance.  having  access  to  a  golden  record  of  key  data  is  clearly  a  benefit  in  its  own  right  no  more  phone  calls  and  email  exchanges  to  reconcile  data,  everybody  knows  where  the  goods  are,  and  so  on.  but  for  many  use  cases,  thats  not  enough.  any  blockchain  network  that  involves  the  tracking  of  an  asset  whether  its  an  expensive  piece  of  equipment  or  a  shipment  of  fresh  strawberries  needs  more  data  than  just
__label__logisticstracking the  location  of  the  items.  have  those  strawberries  been  kept  within  a  prescribed  temperature  range?  has  the  equipment  got  damp  at  any  stage?  and  even,  is  this  item  genuine,  and  has  nobody  tampered  with  it?  without  an  understanding  of  the  condition  of  the  goods,  companies  wont  be  able  to  leverage  the  benefits  of  blockchain  networks  to  full  effect.  enter  the  internet  of  things  iot  there  are  also  more  futuristic  applications  of  the  iot/blockchain  combo:  many  paint  vivid  pictures  of  selfmanaged  potentially  even  selfowned  devices  that  interact  autonomously  and  settle  economic  transactions  between  them.  when  my  colleague  paul  miller  and  i
__label__logisticstracking embarked  on  a  research  project  to  discover  the  state  of  the  art  when  it  comes  to  iot  and  blockchain  in  combination,  we  werent  surprised  to  find  that  this  future  hasnt  arrived  yet.  what  did  surprise  us,  though,  was  the  comparatively  small  number  of  projects  that  are  moving  beyond  the  proof  of  concept  poc/pilot  phases  for  use  cases  that  are  achievable  today.  or  maybe  we  shouldnt  have  been  surprised  operationalizing  is  hard  organizations  find  it  difficult  enough  to  grapple  with  new  technologies  like  blockchain  and  iot  without  adding  the  complexity  of  doing  all  of  this  at  scale  and  in  the  sorts
__label__logisticstracking of  loose  federations  of  partners  and  competitors  where  blockchain  makes  the  most  sense.  and  we  also  found  that  there  are  still  many  projects  where  the  teams  have  failed  to  address  some  of  the  fundamental  questions  that  need  answers  before  tech  development  proceeds.  these  include:  interested  in  finding  out  more?  readpauls  blog  post,  or  check  out  the  full  report,  martha  bennett,  vice  president  and  principal  analyst  at  forrester  contributed  this  article,  which  can  also  be  found  .  the  views  and  opinions  expressed  in  this  article  are  those  of  the  author  and  do  not  necessarily  reflect  those  of  cdotrends.
__label__logisticstracking iot  is  making  supply  chain  management  less  challenging  and  more  efficient,  providing  companies  an  opportunity  to  expand  beyond  bounds.  in  fact,  logistics  is  one  of  the  primary  sectors  to  embrace  iot  with  such  an  open  heart.  and  why  shouldnt  it?  with  the  ability  to  improve  operational  efficiency  and  enhance  revenue  opportunities,  iot  has  the  power  to  revolutionize  the  supply  chain  sector  within  the  next  few  years.  as  datadriven  technology,  iot  in  logistics  allows  extraction  of  data  from  every  entity  part  of  the  loop.  for  logistics  and  supply  chain  companies,  availability  of  a  larger  set  of  realtime  data  and  the  ability
__label__logisticstracking to  analyze  it  can  improve  the  strategic  decisionmaking  capabilities.  the  pace  at  which  this  sector  is  embracing  iot  is  such  that  it  is  difficult  to  summarize  its  real  impact  at  the  moment.  however,  a  look  at  how  it  is  being  implemented  as  of  now  can  clearly  indicate  the  potential  it  holds.  iot  is  enhancing  the  overall  visibility  in  the  supply  chain.  you  can  track  the  location  of  your  shipment  down  to  the  individual  unit.  location  tracking  is  not  just  limited  to  ensuring  timely  shipment.  in  fact,  the  locationbased  data  captured  through  iot  in  logistics  technologies  helps  shipping  companies  ensure  the
__label__logisticstracking quality  of  goods  from  the  manufacturing  unit  to  the  time  it  reaches  its  destination.  this  information  is  useful  in  case  of  perishable  goods,  fruits  for  instance.  locationbased  data  can  help  companies  decipher  information  regarding  the  exact  point  where  the  quality  might  have  declined.  similarly,  for  long  route  shipments,  contextual  location  information  can  play  a  vital  role  in  choosing  the  best  alternative  route  in  case  of  a  potential  disruption.  realtime  location  data,  therefore,  offers  a  more  insightful  understanding  of  each  link  in  the  supply  chain.  pfizer  a  pharmaceutical  company  uses  to  obtain  information  depending  on  the  route  involved.  iot  can  improve
__label__logisticstracking the  supply  chain  intelligence.  the  ability  to  capture  shipment  while  it  is  on  the  route  can  help  companies  reduce  risks  and  take  immediate  measures,  especially  for  temperature  sensitive  shipments  if  something  goes  wrong.  also,  the  ability  to  monitor  the  temperature  throughout  the  shipment  is  helping  supply  chain  companies  maintain  the  quality  of  perishable  goods  and  pharmaceutical  products.  the  data  is  being  used  by  a  system  that  notifies  the  respective  personnel  in  case  there  is  a  slip  in  the  temperature.  iot  based  technologies  can  capture  data  related  to  environmental  factors  such  as  pressure,  humidity,  light  exposure.  these  systems  provide  vital  information
__label__logisticstracking regarding  the  route  to  help  companies  analyze  the  safety  aspect.  this  capability  can  reduce  the  supply  chain  waste  even  for  the  most  sensitive  shipments.  a  fedex  subsidiary  offers  sensorbased  logistics  tracking.  it  detects  changes  in  light,  humidity,  pressure,  and  temperature.  in  addition,  it  offers  time  and  locationbased  alerts  and  is  currently  available  in  20  countries.  with  iot  powered  system,  supply  chain  companies  can  track  the  location  of  their  vehicles  as  well  as  the  staff  assigned  to  a  vehicle  at  any  given  time.  it  gives  a  more  transparent  view  of  how  the  resources  are  utilized  and  provides  insights  to  further  improve
__label__logisticstracking resource  allocation.  iot  can  help  companies  automate  vehicle  maintenance  and  repair.  compliance  and  safety  are  critical  aspects  of  supply  chain  management  and  automating  these  process  can  help  companies  avoid  trouble.  similarly,  there  are  supply  chain  companies  that  are  planning  to  use  the  same  technology  to  keep  track  of  their  drivers  health  as  well.  with  a  more  accurate  information  about  the  vehicle,  the  driver,  and  the  traffic,  better  strategies  can  improve  the  fleet  and  fuel  cost  management.  offers  fleet  management  solutions  for  cars  as  well  as  light  and  heavyduty  trucks.  these  solutions  increase  fleet  efficiency  and  help  businesses  cut  down  on
__label__logisticstracking time  and  fuel  costs.  supply  chain  sector  is  responsible  for  internationally  which  accounts  for  around  2800  megatons  of  carbon  footprint  every  year.  it  is  important  that  companies  showcase  a  more  responsible  behavior  and  play  an  active  part  in  curbing  the  situation.  this  is  one  more  area  where  iot  in  logistics  can  revolutionize  the  way  things  are  done.  and  system  can  allow  these  companies  to  analyze,  monitor,  and  even  manage  the  carbon  footprint  at  every  level.  companies  can  pinpoint  the  process  causing  higher  carbon  emission  and  take  specific  measures  to  make  the  process  more  efficient.  picture  credit:  sheila  fitzgerald  the  data
__label__logisticstracking collected  through  iot  sensors  make  it  possible  for  the  companies  to  optimize  their  load  and  choose  the  most  efficient  transport  mode  for  any  particular  shipment.  a  number  of  popular  manufacturers  including  nippon  yusen  kabushiki  kaisha  nyk  has  developed  which  act  as  a  hope  for  the  industry.  the  design  incorporates  renewable  energy  sources  to  power  the  ships.  meeting  the  demand  is  one  of  the  critical  efficiency  metrics  for  the  supply  chain  sector.  the  application  of  iot  technologies  in  the  industry  is  not  limited  to  the  technical  aspects,  it  can  also  offer  insights  that  improve  the  ability  to  forecast  demand.  the  data
__label__logisticstracking captured  through  iot  can  enable  a  better  understanding  of  customer  behavior,  product  usage,  needs,  and  demand.  iot  devices  can  provide  data  that  is  more  than  the  simple  point  of  sales  data.  they  can  provide  data  that  can  track  back  to  the  actions  that  drive  the  consumer  to  that  point.  from  a  simple  when  they  purchase  to  why  they  purchase,  and  how  they  use  it,  iot  is  making  it  easier  for  the  manufacturers  and  suppliers  to  decipher  the  consumer  perspective.  stop  shop  a  supermarket  chain  uses  an  developed  by  blue  sky  logistics  to  better  manage  its  supply  chain  processes.  availability  of
__label__logisticstracking the  realtime  granular  data  is  paving  a  way  for  a  smarter  and  more  efficient  supply  chain.  we  can  sense  a  revolution  ahead  and  iot  in  logistics  is  paying  a  pivotal  role  in  making  it  a  reality.  major  supply  chain  giants  such  as  amazon  and  dhl  are  already  ahead  in  the  game.  it  wont  be  wrong  to  say  that  iot  technologies,  soon,  will  become  an  industry  standard  and  we  will  witness  a  drastic  difference  in  the  way  logistics  and  supply  chain  functions  are  managed.  jenny  harrison  is  a  passionate  technology  and  lifestyle  blogger.  she  loves  to  get  engaged  with  the  readers
__label__logisticstracking who  are  seeking  for  home,  lifestyle  and  techrelated  information  on  the  internet.  she  is  a  featured  blogger  at  various  high  authority  blogs  and  magazines  in  which  she  shared  her  research  and  experience  with  the  vast  online  community.  follow  her  on  twitter  for  more  updates.  transmetrics  blog  covers  the  latest  news  and  innovations  in  logistics  globally  and  in  europe.  subscribe  to  learn  more  about  the  latest  logistics  innovation  news,  and  get  valuable  insights  from  the  best  logistics  startups  and  industry  experts.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies
__label__logisticstracking that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features
__label__logisticstracking of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your  website.
__label__logisticstracking massscale  iot  applications  are  often  implemented  to  manage  assets,  especially  in  the  logistics  space.  to  track  small  devices,  manufacturers  use  lowpower  chipsets  allowing  the  devices  batteries  to  last  for  years.  the  tradeoff?  a  lack  of  embedded  gps  modules.  intersec  enables  the  extraction  of  location  information  for  iot  devices  in  realtime,  regardless  of  the  availability  of  gps  functionality  on  a  given  device.  schedule  complex  operations  to  maximize  your  operational  efficiency  while  satisfying  your  customers  needs.  our  visual  studio  makes  it  easy  to  create  the  workflows  and  logics  that  fit  your  constraints  exactly.  interesting  article  to  read  by  once  more  :  white
__label__logisticstracking according  to  a  study  by  ,  the  asset  tracking  iot  device  market  will  triple  from  22  million  to  70  million  devices  by  2022.  before,  we  start  talking  about  asset  management  and  asset  tracking,  here  are  a  few  other  numbers  to  review.  according  to  a  2016  report  by  supply  chain  resilience,  it  is  estimated  that  1  in  every  3  organizations  reported  losses  of  more  than  1  million  over  the  previous  year  due  to  supply  chain  disruptions.  yet  another  finding  of  the  business  continuity  institute  bci  and  zurich  insurance  group  report  reveals  that  the  number  of  disruptions  are  on  the  rise  the
__label__logisticstracking number  of  organizations  that  experienced  at  least  eleven  disruptions  increased  from  7  in  2015  to  22  in  2016.  also,  contrary  to  popular  belief,  the  reason  for  majority  of  such  disruptions  is  human  or  technical  factors.  insurer  allianz  global  corporate  and  specialty  found  that  the  majority  88  of  business  insurance  claims  originated  from  technical  or  human  factors,  not  natural  catastrophes.  a  lot  of  data  to  take  in,  the  bottom  line  asset  management  systems  and  supply  chain  mechanisms  need  an  overhaul.  just  to  get  a  headsup,  asset  tracking  and  asset  management  refers  to  the  systematic  process  of  monitoring  and  maintaining  things  of
__label__logisticstracking value  for  a  business  entity  or  organization.  this  may  include  human  assets  like  human  resources,  moving  assets  like  vehicle  fleets  or  cranes  or  nonmoving  objects  like  industrial  shop  floor  equipment,  raw  materials  or  finished  goods.  traditionally,  manufacturers  or  asset  owners  have  been  using  asset  inventory  management  solutions  to  monitor  their  assets  and  they  have  been  using  separate  operational  technology  solutions  like  scada  systems.  the  asset  management  solutions  ranged  from  eam  applications  while  asset  tracking  solutions  included  simple  barcode  or  rfid  solutions  to  gps  tracking  devices  or  solutions  whereas  asset  monitoring  and  control  has  been  predominantly  performed  by  m2m  systems  and
__label__logisticstracking scada  systems.  all  of  these  have  coexisted  in  parallel  in  an  organization  and  have  been  used  by  different  stakeholders  for  solving  different  purposes.  these  solutions  have  been  providing  information  on  the  current  status,  controlling  a  process,  managing  assets,  plan  maintenance  strategies,  track  locations  and  state  awareness  but  they  have  all  been  focusing  on  standalone  functions,  separate  group  of  stakeholders  and  disparate  processes.  an  iotenabled  digital  asset  tracking  and  management  solution  connects  multiple  stakeholders,  processes,  workforce  and  assets  across  the  business  value  chain  into  a  single  integrated  strategic  system.  an  iotenabled  digital  asset  management  system  connects  these  silos  and  gives  a
__label__logisticstracking unified  view  in  a  system  that  is  backed  by  data  analytics.  an  iotenabled  smart  digital  asset  management  software  does  everything  that  traditional  solutions  do  location  of  an  asset,  its  current  condition,  manage  asset  lifecycle,  control  processes,  etc.  also,  it  adds  intelligence  to  automated  workflows,  realtime  alerts,  insights  from  data,  dynamic  edge  control  of  assets,  predictive  maintenance,  crossdomain  analytics  and  realtime  visibility.  for  long,  assetintensive  sectors  like  manufacturing,  logistics  or  utilities  have  been  dealing  with  problems  related  to  delayed  product  deliveries,  inventory  thefts  and  loss  and  goods  being  delivered  in  poor  condition.  however,  digital  technologies  like  quest  asset  tracking  solutions  driven
__label__logisticstracking by  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  the  way  companies  track  assets  through  the  supply  chain.  quest  asset  tracking  platform  enables  business  owners  to  locate,  track,  monitor  and  assess  products  and  remote  assets  in  realtime.  it  also  facilitates  product  owners  to  securely  track  the  realtime  location  and  status  of  a  product  right  from  the  manufacturing  unit  and  at  every  step  of  the  supply  chain,  till  it  reaches  the  end  customer.  quests  asset  tracking  solution  is  designed  to  ensure  that  owners  are  always  in  control  of  their  products/fleet/assets  and  never  in  the  blind.  quests  asset  tracking  solution  helps  in  ensuring
__label__logisticstracking optimized  itat  for  faster  retrieval  of  packages  from  the  inventory  to  shipping.  manufacturing  units  with  multiple  production  lines  but  limited  palletiser  lines  experience  large  number  of  issues  in  product  classification.  also,  several  units  have  manual  dependency  for  checking  finished  goods,  which  not  only  leads  to  high  overheads  but  also  greater  error  percentage.  quests  asset  tracking  solution  can  help  manufacturers  to  check  product/packaging  issues  to  a  great  extent.  the  solution  leverages  advanced  deep  learning  for  object  classification  and  characterization  using  cameras,  device  and  cloud  infrastructure  to  check  every  product  in  the  palletiser  line.  the  solution  allows  manufacturers  to  get  a  clear
__label__logisticstracking 360degree  view  of  every  product/package  and  check  if  every  attribute  of  every  package  like  seal,  position,  label  and  quantity  is  as  per  standard.  using  predictive  analytics,  manufacturers  can  take  corrective  actions  or  prevent  failures.  for  e.g.  if  the  system  captures  and  detects  any  slipup  in  the  packaging/content/labelling,  it  would  immediately  send  an  alert  to  divert  the  faulty  product  item  for  further  scrutiny.  :  logistics  or  supply  chain  companies  owning  large  fleets  of  vehicles  across  different  states  or  countries  face  the  arduous  challenge  of  tracking  every  single  vehicle  in  a  fleet  line.  companies  often  face  problems  like  vehicle  breakdowns,  poor  driver
__label__logisticstracking performance  or  even  product  thefts  or  losses.  :  quests  fleet  management  solution  enables  logistics  companies  or  fleet  owners  to  keep  track  of  every  single  vehicle  from  anywhere  anytime.  the  solution  enables  them  to  monitor  critical  aspects  like  realtime  location  and  condition  of  the  vehicle,  vehicle  and  driver  performance.  based  on  the  driving  pattern  or  vehicle  condition,  fleet  managers  or  owners  can  get  a  better  understanding  of  the  current  conditions  and  allow  them  to  make  necessary  adjustments  to  prevent  vehicle  breakdown  or  other  accidents.  understanding  that  effective  asset  management  is  a  key  concern  for  businesses  that  look  at  balancing  productivity  with
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  iot  and  the  use  of  mobile  technology  in  the  enterprise  arepavingthe  way  for  better  quality  business  intelligence.  by  leveraging  your  business  data  with  iotenabled  technologies  and  devices  your  overall  supply  chain  will  be  more  productive.  to  better  understand  yourprocesses  and  improve  operations  to  increase  productivity  takes  .  this  visibility  into  your  organization  is  achievable  with  the  rightsystems  in  place.  with  the  iot,  the  connection  of  your  enterprise  devices  to  your  employees  and  the  ability  to  collect/capture  data  and  filter  it  all  back  to  yoursoftware  and  databasecan  get  you  the  visibility  you  need  in  realtime  to  make
__label__logisticstracking smarter,faster,  and  proactivedecisions.  mobile  technologies  for  the  transportation  and  logistics  businesses  include  rfid  tags,  readers,  handheld  devices,  scanners,  and  mobile  computers  and  they  are  working  together  to  maximize  supply  chain  efficiency.  enterprises  can  give  their  physical  assets  a  digitalvoice  with  iotenabled  devices  that  track  inventory  data,  equipment,  and  vehicles.  transportation  and  logistics  warehousesare  doing  just  that  by  using  the  cloud  to  transmit  information  digitally  which  allows  them  to  see  that  the  right  products  are  in  the  right  place  at  the  right  time.  time  intensiveand  manual  tasks  within  the  yard  causes  errors  which  can  lead  to  a  string  of  additional  problems.
__label__logisticstracking by  implementingrfid  systems  to  automate  asset  tracking  and  enablingmore  machinetomachine  information  sharing  your  business  will  greatly  reduce  the  common  yard  gate  congestion,  product  shrinkage  wasted  fuel  and  lost  time.  in  transportation  and  logistics,  the  maintenance  schedule  of  your  fleet  is  an  important  factor  in  your  business.  making  sure  your  vehicles  are  being  serviced  on  a  regular  basiswill  keep  downtime  to  a  minimum.  your  fleet  is  a  critical  asset  and  having  the  visibility  into  the  performance  of  these  assets  with  rfid  systems,  scanners,  and  mobile  computers  can  keep  your  fleet  moving.  capturing  and  collecting  data  by  field  technicians  will  help  your
__label__logisticstracking business  to  make  informeddecisions  around  allocation  of  time  and  resources.  additionally,  tracking  and  monitoring  equipment  in  the  field  will  increase  the  security  of  assets.  with  iot,  your  company  will  have  the  insight  remotely  to  facilitate  needbased  responses.  beyond  traditional  fleet  management,  new  technology  allows  us  to  connect  our  vehicles  to  our  devices  and  back  to  our  business  systems.  keeping  your  workers  connected  at  all  times  for  visibility  into  where  your  fleet  is,  the  route,  speed,  performance  along  with  the  goods  or  assets  within  the  vehicle  are  just  a  few  ways  t  l  companies  are  increasing  efficiency,  lowering  costs,  and  improving
__label__logisticstracking safety.  informational  sources  include:  zebra  technologies  sorry,  the  comment  form  is  closed  at  this  time.  provided  reliable  and  functional  options  and  solutions  for  our  clients.  we  do  not  get  a  whole  lot  from  you  guys,  but  we  do  have  a  standing  order  for  the  zebra  labels,  we  get  in  a  shipment  the  first  of  every  month,  i  like  how  you  guys  send  me  a  notice  when  product  is  shipped  and  a  notice  when  it  is  signed  for  and  delivered,  i  also  like  how  my  rep  will  check  in  with  me  and  make  sure  we  are  doing  alright  and  if  we
__label__logisticstracking need  anything  or  things  that  are  going  on.  i  just  like  the  personal  touch  and  i  think  we  have  a  good  relationship  with  the  two  companies  and  we  are  happy  and  the  labels  are  good  quality  and  are  better  than  the  ones  we  used  before,  had  problems  with  them.  abr  worked  with  us  on  the  quantities  we  needed,  shipped  promptly,  and  the  product  came  well  packed.  excellent  content,  excellent  service.  we  are  a  long  time  user  of  a  lot  of  your  products.  recently  our  current  label  printer  died  and  we  were  in  dire  need  of  a  new  one  asap.  without
__label__logisticstracking this  printer  our  manufacturing  facility  is  at  a  standstill  since  production  labels  are  needed  on  everything  we  ship  out  along  with  barcodes.  we  were  able  to  get  a  new  tsc  label  printer  shipped  to  us  asap  and  was  able  to  get  back  on  track  without  a  hiccup  in  production.  i  can  go  on,  on  how  abr  has  impacted  our  company  on  a  day  to  day  basis,  from  our  motorola  barcode  scanner,  tsc  label  machine  and  numerous  rushes  we  have  needed  on  ribbons/labels.  abr  has  always  came  through  for  us.  thanks  abr...for  helping  universal  metal  inc.  run  more  efficiently.  business  has
__label__logisticstracking been  improved  here  at  ec  source  in  the  office  and  from  the  field.  we  were  able  to  install  these  labels  on  our  tools  and  some  equipment  and  really  noticed  an  improvement  in  accountability.  it  has  been  a  a  real  pleasure  doing  business  with  abr.  thank  you  from  the  fleet  family  ec  source  best  communication  i  can  ask  for  and  always  have  in  hand  what  my  company  and  myself  need  at  the  moment.  thank  you  for  everything  and  keep  the  hard  work  coming.  nothing  but  great  wishes  from  my  company  and  i.  american  bar  code  staff  are  always  a  key  stroke
__label__logisticstracking away.  quick,  prompt  and  technical  assistance  is  always  quick  and  efficient.  in  our  business  quick  response  is  key  to  keep  satisfied  customers.  the  staff  and  especially  drew  henderson  ,  have  help  make  all  the  processes  i  perform  with  you  company  a  great  experience  i  recommend  your  services  to  many  of  our  customers  and  we  have  many  repeat  purchases.  copyright  2019  abr  american  barcode  and  rfid  begin  olark  code  end  olark  code
__label__logisticstracking internet  of  things  industry  4.0  or  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  is  facilitating  more  and  more  physical  objects  to  connect  to  the  internet  and  exchange  data  with  minimal  human  intervention.  idc  estimates  that  by  2018,  nearly  onethird  of  the  top  twenty  market  leaders  in  almost  every  industry  will  experience  disruption  generated  by  iot.  the  implications  are  huge,  especially  for  assetintensive  industries  such  as  logistics  and  transportation,  manufacturing,  construction  and  aviation.  these  industries  face  numerous  challenges  which  could  be  addressed  through  enterprise  asset  management  solutions  such  as  iotbased  asset  monitoring  systems.  assetintensive  industries  deal  with  highly  volatile  supplychains,  that  are  affected  by
__label__logisticstracking unpredictable  events  such  as  natural  disasters,  adverse  weather  conditions,  changes  in  legislation,  political  swings,  sudden  surge  in  oil  price,  international  trade  policy  updates,  inflation,  measures  to  minimize  environmental  impacts,  necessity  to  maintain  occupational  health  and  safety  standards,  and  so  on.  ineffective  management  of  the  above  processes  increases  the  operational  expense  and  reduces  profitability.  businesses  in  assetheavy  segments  require  increasingly  connected,  smart  and  prevalent  devices  throughout  their  supplychain,  to  locate  their  moveable  assets,  regulate  costs  and  open  up  new  and  innovative  services  for  customers.  bi  intelligence  points  out  that  the  application  of  iot  devices  and  asset  tracking  solutions  account  for  1.9
__label__logisticstracking trillion  of  economic  value  in  the  global  supply  chain  and  logistics  domain.  building  a  flexible  and  customized  solution  to  track  your  assets,  without  making  significant  process  changes  can  save  both  your  time  and  money.  this,  in  turn,  paves  way  for  the  creation  of  new  business  opportunities  and  improved  operational  efficiency  in  industries.  the  application  of  iot  brings  numerous  advantages  to  businesses  which  include:  the  leading  beneficiary  of  iot  in  2017  was  the  manufacturing  sector,  with  the  hottest  applications  being  industrial  assets  management,  inventory  and  warehouse  management  and  supply  chain  management.  increasing  interconnection  of  assets  such  as  machinery,  plants,  equipment  has
__label__logisticstracking forced  manufacturing  to  embrace  digitalization.  to  fulfill  customer  demands,  detect  design  and  quality  issues,  and  track  resources  precisely.  businesses  that  rise  to  face  the  challenges  posed  by  digital  transformation  should  look  towards  iot  immediately.  increased  visibility  of  shipments,  enhanced  security  and  extreme  care  of  assets  in  transit  enable  organizations  to  concentrate  on  more  productive  areas  of  business.  iot  has  implemented  the  operational  enhancements  which  businesses  need  to  differentiate  themselves  and  compete  effectively  in  the  market.  it  really  doesnt  matter  which  type  of  business  you  have  what  matters  the  most  is  which  strategy  you  follow  to  improve  your  web  presence.  web
__label__logisticstracking presence  plays  a  crucial  role  when  it  comes  to  enhancing  the  customer  base  and  earning  more  roi  in  less  time  construction  problems  can  happen  anywhere.  and,  it  normally  starts  with  a  small  calculation  problem  or  someone  that  cant  read  designs  and  drawings  correctly.  the  results  can  be  catastrophic  with  a  lot  of  damage  to  structures  and  to  vehicles.  this  is  something  that  can  happen  so  easily.  when  you  are  digging  a  hole  that  is  unsustainable  or  that  are  just  unstable.  it  can  collapse  at  any  moment.  and,  if  you  are  working  on  a  construction  site,  this  can  become  even  more
__label__logisticstracking dangerous.  you  might  have  heard  about  the  dodighydro  excavationtechnology  that  is  making  it  so  much  easier  at  construction  sites.  especially  when  it  comes  to  digging  underground  and  to  unclog  certain  areas.  you  might  have  heard  abouthydro  excavationbefore,  but  what  is  it  exactly  and  how  does  it  work.  and,  is  this  something  that  you  really  going  to  need  in  your  life?  vacuum  excavation;  used  for  unblocking  drains,  sewer  drains  and  even  for  mining  purposes.  something  that  we  wont  be  able  to  live  without  today.  is  there  really  such  a  thing  as  nondestructive  digging?  where  you  can  dig  in  the  ground  or
__label__logisticstracking soil  without  making  a  big  mess?  therefore  as  the  abovestage  adage  goes  your  business  probably  does  and  certainly  should  side  with  your  customers  even  if  they  stand  out  wrong.  this  is  because  when  any  customer  voices  his/her  displeasure;  you  usually  have  a  good  idea  as  to  why  they  are  right  or  wrong.  javascript  universe  has  been  phenomenal  in  mobile  application  development  and  its  popularity  among  the  developers  worldwide  is  proof  of  it.  but,  when  ryan  dahl  released  node.js  in  2009  as  a  javascript  for  the  development  of  serverside  applications,  it  became  an  instant  sensation  and  over  the  years  adopted  by
__label__logisticstracking brochure:  learn  how  impinj  connects  the  everyday  world.  connected  stores  whitepaper:  explore  the  results  of  an  iot  connected  store  experiment  done  in  partnership  with  deloitte,  impinj,  ptc,  monolith,  and  ncr.  impinj  software  offers  data  services  and  systems  management  for  deploying  and  managing  rain  systems  and  connecting  rain  data  to  business  and  consumer  applications  an  endpoint  comprises  an  impinj  tag  chip  attached  to  an  individual  item,  providing  a  unique  identifier  that  communicates  with  rain  connectivity  devices  subscribe  to  start  receiving  the  latest  stories  from  impinj.  impinj  rain  rfid  solutions  automate  the  management  of  warehouse  assets  in  a  fastpaced  global  economy,  there
__label__logisticstracking is  little  room  for  mistakes.  organizations  still  reliant  on  manual  asset  management  methodsbarcodes,  spreadsheets,  and  sticky  notesrisk  making  costly  errors  that  can  have  big  impacts  down  the  line.  businesses  need  to  know  the  location,  inventory  levels,  and  maintenance  records  of  assets  in  real  time  so  they  can  operate  efficiently  and  effectively.  impinj  rain  rfid  solutions  automate  the  management  of  supply  chain  and  logistics  assets,  helping  you  rain  rfid  is  an  inexpensive,  batteryfree  technology  that  wirelessly  connects  information  about  an  items  identity,  location,  and  authenticity  to  business  enterprise  systems.  assets  are  tracked  as  they  move  in  or  out  of  rooms,and  through
__label__logisticstracking your  warehouse  or  facility.  this  lets  staff  see  their  location  in  realtimeand  gain  visibility  into  equipmentstatus  for  efficient,  easy  resource  planning.  all  industries  automate  tracking  of  returnable  transport  items  rti  such  as  gas  cylinders  and  kegs  to  ensure  accurate  recordkeeping,  decrease  errors,  and  prevent  loss.  all  industries  converging  datas  impinj  iot  connector  for  splunk  allows  users  to  analyze  realtime  event  and  item  data  gathered  by  the  impinj  platform  in  the  splunk  interface.  attach  impinjpowered  rain  rfid  tags  to  mobile  tools,  equipment,  and  other  assets.  use  impinj  readers  and  gateways  installed  in  doorways  and  ceilings  to  wirelessly  identify  and  locate  items.
__label__logisticstracking get  accurate,  realtime  data  about  assets  in  your  operation  delivered  to  your  business  software  systems.  use  accurate,  realtime  asset  tracking  from  the  impinj  rain  rfid  platform  to  reduce  the  cost  of  asset  management  byimproving  equipment  utilization,  streamlining  preventative  maintenance,  minimizing  asset  loss,  preventing  linedown  situations,  and  reducing  labor  costs  related  to  searching  for  assets.  impinj  nasdaq:  pi  wirelessly  connects  billions  of  everyday  items  such  as  apparel,  medical  supplies,  automobile  parts,  luggage  and  food  to  consumer  and  business  applications  such  as  inventory  management,  patient  safety,  asset  tracking  and  item  authentication.  the  impinj  platform  uses  rain  rfid  to  deliver  timely  information  about
__label__logisticstracking these  items  to  the  digital  world,  thereby  enabling  the  internet  of  things.  20122018  impinj,  inc.  all  rights  reserved  impinj,  the  impinj  logo  and  impinj  products  referenced  in  this  document  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks  of  impinj,  inc  see  www.impinj.com/trademarks.  other  company,  product  or  service  names  may  be  trademarks  or  service  marks  of  others.  impinj  nasdaq:  pi  wirelessly  connects  billions  of  everyday  items  such  as  apparel,  medical  supplies,  and  automobile  parts  to  consumer  and  business  applications  such  as  inventory  management,  patient  safety,  and  asset  tracking.  the  impinj  platform  uses  rain  rfid  to  deliver  timely  information  about  these  items  to  the  digital
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  transform  your  business  by  accurately  tracking  your  highvalue  assets  in  real  time,  wherever  they  are  located.  partner  with  sierra  for  cuttingedge  iotenabled  asset  tracking  that  lets  you  maintain  constant  visibility  of  people,  cargo,  heavy  equipment,  or  any  mission  critical  asset.  in
__label__logisticstracking a  world  of  increasingly  complex  and  globalized  logistics,  the  ability  to  accurately  track  your  assets  is  a  significant  competitive  advantage.  especially  when  you  consider  that  companies  are  losing  2.4  billion  dollars  to  cargo  loss  or  damage  and  more  than  30  billion  dollars  to  theft  every  year.  by  deploying  an  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  solution,  you  gain  global  visibility  of  assets  wherever  they  are  in  realtime,  improving  efficiency,  eliminating  delays,  reducing  operational  costs,  and  preventing  theft,  loss,  and  vandalism.  asset  tracking  has  many  realworld  applications  including:  no  matter  which  assets  you  want  to  track  or  whether  youd  like  to  build  or
__label__logisticstracking buy,  sierra  wireless  has  you  covered.  with  our  broad  portfolio,  we  can  help  you  stay  connected  to  your  highvalue  assets  in  realtime  no  matter  what  your  unique  business  needs  are.  our  devicetocloud  asset  tracking  capabilities  with  modules,  gateways,  connectivity,  and  iot  platform  integration  means  we  can  build  a  customized  solution  tailored  specifically  to  your  needs.  if  you  need  to  start  tracking  your  assets  fast,  we  have  a  variety  of  prepackaged,  managed  solutions  that  are  both  costeffective  and  turnkey  for  small  and  medium  businesses  with  limited  resources.  get  ready  to  build  or  buy  your  asset  tracking  solution.  start  with  sierra  today.
__label__logisticstracking in  an  increasingly  complex  and  globalized  logistics  landscape,  being  able  to  accurately  track  assets  as  they  move  throughout  the  supply  chain  can  be  a  huge  advantage  for  businesses.  with  more  visibility  and  control  over  their  logistics  network,  businesses  have  a  great  opportunity  to  reduce  loss  and  theft,  save  money,  improve  operational  efficiencies,  and  even  creating  new  business  opportunities  based  on  this  intelligence.  for  more  than  15  years,  sierra  wireless  has  been  helping  companies  design,  develop,  and  deploy  reliable  and  costeffective  iot  connectivity  solutions.  as  a  leading  provider  of  endtoend  managed  tracking  solutions,  we  help  forwardthinking  enterprises  create  truly  connected  tracking
__label__logisticstracking networks  that  utilize  the  latest  ltem  and  nbiot  standards  to  provide  highlyaccurate  geolocation  capabilities  in  an  extremely  compact  size.  sierra  wireless  offers  all  of  the  building  blocks  software,  hardware,  and  connectivity  expertise  to  create  a  comprehensive  asset  tracking  solution.  alternatively,  to  save  on  development  time  and  accelerate  your  time  to  market,  sierra  wireless  also  offers  endtoend,  market  ready  managed  services  to  track  any  asset,  almost  anywhere  in  the  world.  having  accurate  data  on  mobile  assets  gives  enterprises  the  ability  to  modernize  their  logistics  operations,  lower  costs  and  improve  the  flow  of  assets  as  they  make  their  way  to  clients.  with
__label__logisticstracking 81  of  companies  reporting  at  least  one  disruption  in  the  supply  chain  in  the  past  year,  asset  tracking  can  be  a  key  tool  in  improving  their  responsiveness  and  reducing  time  to  market.  its  common  for  assets  to  cross  many  international  borders  in  their  journey  to  customers,  hence,  delays  are  sometimes  inevitable.  but  by  using  iotenabled  trackers  with  builtin  alerts  for  inbound  and  outbound  shipments,  logistics  managers  can  take  contingency  measures  if  any  assets  are  postponed  or  disrupted.  predictive  analytics  can  be  used  to  forecast  delays  before  they  happen.  having  the  ability  to  track  exactly  where  any  mobile  asset  is  in
__label__logisticstracking the  entire  supply  chain  is  particularly  useful  when  looking  for  items  that  have  been  stolen  or  lost.  in  the  us  alone,  cargo  theft  is  estimated  to  cost  more  than  30bn  a  year.  even  a  small  improvement  on  this  figure  potentially  generates  hundreds  of  millions  of  dollars  in  annual  savings.  there  is  also  the  potential  to  establish  new  revenue  streams.  in  fact,  79  of  supply  chain  leaders  record  higher  revenue  growth  than  their  industry  average.  as  the  adoption  rate  of  iot  devices  continues  to  climb,  so  will  situations  where  enterprises  are  able  to  create  new  revenue  streams  or  price  their  services
__label__logisticstracking more  competitively  for  clients.  with  89  of  companies  now  competing  mostly  on  customer  experience,  iotbased  asset  tracking  can  allow  businesses  to  create  a  truly  customercentric  supply  network  that  delivers  a  crucial  competitive  edge.  in  order  to  provide  this  level  of  service  a  key  element  is  the  devicetocloud  integration.  the  iot  devices  in  the  supply  chain  must  connect  seamlessly  and  reliably  to  the  cloud  wherever  they  are  located,  run  applications  that  provide  insights  from  cloud  to  the  edge.  edge  computing  reduces  the  amount  of  bandwidth  needed,  limits  demands  on  cloud  processing  and  cloud  storage,  and  speeds  up  the  transmission  of  information,
__label__logisticstracking allowing  for  a  realtime  view  of  the  supply  chain.  tracking  assets  as  they  move  though  the  supply  chain  is  a  huge  advantage  for  businesses.  but  generating  realtime  data  on  mobile  assets  is  hard,  due  to:  with  more  than  150  million  devices  shipped  worldwide,  weve  developed  numerous  successful  iot  deployments.  by  starting  with  sierra  wireless,  companies  can  be  confident  theyll  build  a  technology  solution  that  offers  the  right  combination  of  simplicity,  security,  and  scalability  all  while  triggering  a  transition  in  operations.  start  with  sierra  wireless  and  we  will  partner  with  your  organization  in  two  significant  ways.  sierra  wireless  gives  enterprises  the
__label__logisticstracking ability  to  move  away  from  legacy  systems  and  leverage  the  potential  of  iot  including:  our  precertified  wireless  solutions,  expert  professional  services,  and  strong  relationships  with  the  worlds  leading  wireless  carriers  accelerate  network  certification  and  integration.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.  expert  panel:  how  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  drives  supply  chain  transformation
__label__logisticstracking you  have  businesscritical  assetswe  can  help  you  track,  monitor,  and  manage  them.  gain  visibility  into  where  they  are,  what  theyre  doing,  and  the  condition  theyre  in;  realizing  efficiencies  in  your  supply  chain  and  optimizing  your  assets  usage.  single,  centralized  user  interface  tracks,  monitors,  and  manages  virtually  any  connected  asset  easily  attached  tracker  monitors  connected  outdoor  assets  with  a  regular  daily  ping  rate  see  into  freight  operations  blind  spots  and  monitor  condition  of  the  goods  being  transported  attach  iot  sensors  to  assets  that  need  to  be  returned  to  the  manufacturer  for  reuse  collect  and  survey  vital  data  for  optimized  equipment  performance
__label__logisticstracking track  your  valuable  shipments  to  mitigate  loss  or  theft  know  the  location,  movement  and  condition  of  packages  as  they  travel  manage  available  inventory  and  see  asset  locations  to  keep  operations  running  gather  and  analyze  data  for  valuable  shipments  with  monitoring  devices  on  containers  or  trailers  keep  track  of  supply  chain  components  and  elements  in  near  realtime  use  trackers  for  location  and  movement  of  vehicles  to  determine  if  theyre  where  they  should  be  iot  platforms  to  manage  inventory,  suppliers,  and  customers  we  are  committed  to  protecting  your  .  thank  you  for  contacting  us  about  asset  management.  an  att  representative  will  contact
__label__logisticstracking you  shortly  to  provide  any  additional  information  and  answer  any  questions.  your  feedback  will  help  us  to  improve  att  business  so  you  continue  to  have  a  great  experience  when  visiting  us  att  intellectual  property.  all  rights  reserved.  att,  the  att  logo  and  all  other  att  marks  contained  herein  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property  and/or  att  affiliated  companies.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  this  site  uses  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies.  these  help  the  site  function  better.  they  also  help  us  improve  it.  this  data  gives  us  feedback  on  how  you  use  our  products  and
__label__logisticstracking services,  helps  us  develop  promotional  and  marketing  material  more  relevant  to  you,  and  allows  us  to  connect  you  with  apt  content  from  third  parties.  read  more  about  cookies  and  how  to  manage  your  settings  for  information  specifically  applicable  to  users  in  the  european  economic  area,  please  .  please  provide  the  following  information  to  access  your  document:  to  access  your  content,  please  check  your  browser  settings  to  make  sure  popup  windows  are  allowed.
__label__logisticstracking rfid  and  iot  solutions  used  in  supply  chain  management  applications  can  significantly  improve  global  logistic  chains  and  increase  overall  efficiency  by  automating  the  identification  processes.  the  technology  is  impacting  entire  value  chains  from  raw  materials  to  inbound  and  outbound  transportation,  production  workflows,  warehousing  and  distribution.  rfid  and  iot  features  many  benefits  to  manufacturers,  suppliers  and  distributors  related  posts  counterfeit  goodsillegitimately  made  or  adulterated  consumer  goodsare  the  bane  of  the  luxury  goods  marketplace.  by  some  estimates,  the  business  of  in  the  military,  efficiency  is  critical.  however,  with  increasing  pressure  to  perform,  respond,  and  adapt  quickly  to  unknown  situations,  there  with  benefits
__label__logisticstracking ranging  from  predictive  maintenance  to  reduced  operating  costs,  its  no  wonder  more  than  90  of  executives  surveyed  say  downloads  corporate  offices  11075  santa  monica  blvd,  suite  350  los  angeles,  ca  90025  18778866549  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  corporate  offices  11075  santa  monica  blvd,  suite  350  los  angeles,  ca  90025  18778866549
__label__logisticstracking overview  gain  a  competitive  advantage  with  asset  tracking  from  tmobile  for  business  and  roambee.  ondemand  visibility.  reliable  coverage.  impactful  insights.  learn  how  better  data  drives  better  business  decisions.  our  nbiot  network  helps  extend  battery  life  and  provides  the  security  and  reliability  of  lte  connectivity  without  being  dragged  down  by  an  old  2g  connection.  founded  in  2014,  roambee  is  dedicated  to  pushing  the  boundaries  of  endtoend  visibility  for  supply  chains  and  enterprise  assets.  roambees  iot  solutions  are  designed  to  address  a  broad  range  of  enterprise  challenges  with  patented  hardware  and  software  technology.  when  your  assets  are  connected,  they  can  communicate  all
__label__logisticstracking kinds  of  important  data.  and  with  powerful  new  insights,  youll  be  able  to  optimize  operations  and  reduce  costs,  so  your  business  can  run  at  its  best.  get  insights  on  things  like  location,  temperature,  and  more.  satellite  trackers  help  you  find  assets  and  monitor  movements  to  make  the  most  of  your  resources.  the  gps  tracking  device  easily  attaches  to  just  about  anything.  get  location  and  condition  alerts  to  help  improve  asset  management.  less  manpower  equals  lower  overhead  costs  for  your  business.  locate  misplaced  assets  through  ondemand  data  gathering  and  analysis.  for  each  of  the  small  tracking  devices  plus  taxes  and  fees.
__label__logisticstracking and  even  bettertheres  no  down  payment.  your  phones,  tablets,  iot  solutions,  and  other  mobile  business  products  are  all  billed  in  one  convenient  place.  coverage  not  available  in  some  areas.  read  how  the  right  iot  solution  can  help  drive  results  and  reduce  risks  in  asset  tracking,  equipment  monitoring  and  more.  tmobile  and  roambee  are  joining  forces  to  enable  smarter  operations  powered  by  narrowband  iot  nbiot  to  help  deliver  endtoend  supply  chain  visibility,  business  efficiencies,  and  risk  mitigation.  roambees  beeaware  is  a  cloudenabled  cellular  wireless  tracking  solution  that  monitors  and  manages  the  location  and  condition  of  goods,  assets,  or  equipmentall  on  tmobiles
__label__logisticstracking nationwide  nbiot  network.  its  an  ideal  solution  for  keeping  track  of  highvalue  assets  infield  or  intransit.  tmobiles  asset  tracking  solution  from  roambee  costs  10  per  device,  per  month  plus  taxes  fees.  theres  no  annual  service  contract.  and  the  best  part?  it  includes  all  necessary  hardware,  software,  connectivity  data,  and  reporting  tools.  theres  no  expensive  hardware  for  you  to  buy,  no  complicated  software  to  maintain,  and  no  costly  data  plans  to  purchase.  through  roambees  secure  portal,  youll  have  all  the  information  available  to  you  on  your  smartphone,  tablet,  or  laptop.  also,  when  youre  done  using  the  service,  simply  send  the  devices
__label__logisticstracking back  to  roambee  in  our  prepaid  packaging  or  take  advantage  of  our  reverse  logistics  service.  its  that  simple  tmobile  will  simply  add  a  monthly  charge  to  your  current  statement.  for  more  information,  please  contact  your  tmobile  account  representative.  yes,  this  device  only  works  on  tmobiles  narrowband  iot  network.  no,  these  devices  are  not  available  in  tmobile  retail  stores.  narrowband  iot  nbiot  is  a  standardsbased  low  power  wide  area  lpwa  technology  developed  to  enable  a  wide  range  of  new  iot  devices  and  services.  for  lpwa  applications,  such  as  smart  metering,  tracking  of  assets,  and  monitoring  equipment,  the  key  requirement  is  the
__label__logisticstracking ability  to  periodically  exchange  small  amounts  of  data  easily,  reliably,  and  costeffectively.  to  learn  more  about  nbiot,  .  theres  a  portfolio  of  comprehensive  analytics  and  reporting  options  to  choose  from.  these  reports  help  provide  important  information  about  your  shipments  as  well  as  valuable  insights  into  opportunities  for  business  optimization,  roi  improvement,  or  issue  resolution.  you  can  automatically  send  reports  within  your  defined  parameters  or  access  them  on  demand  through  roambees  portal  dashboards.  report  types  include  alert  heat  maps,  aggregate  shipment  or  asset  data,  statistical  data  distributions  or  deviations  from  averages  or  means,  transporter/lane  performance,  and  more.  for  any  billing  or
__label__logisticstracking network  issues  please  contact  tmobile  customer  care  at  18009378997.  for  any  troubleshooting  assistance  needed  with  the  roambee  portal,  please  contact  roambee  directly  at  18445116965  or  email  .  your  roambee  beeaware  device  should  come  fully  charged.  however,  we  always  recommend  you  charge  it  upon  receipt.  by  then  you  should  have  also  received  a  roambee  portal  registration  email  giving  you  access  to  roambees  analytics  portal.  to  get  started  please  either  follow  the  setup  steps  included  in  the  quick  start  guide  or  contact  our  customer  care  team  at  18009378997  for  assistance.  if  you  have  issues  with  billing  or  connectivity,  please  contact  tmobile  customer
__label__logisticstracking last  updated:  industries  of  nearly  every  kind  benefit  from  asset  tracking  not  only  because  it  prevents  theft,  loss,  and  damage,  but  because  assets  comprise  such  a  large  percentage  of  a  companys  holdings  that  asset  management  is  essential  for  meeting  compliance  and  industry  standard  regulations.  asset  tracking  that  delivers  realtime  data  contributes  to  a  healthy  bottom  line,  and  iot  devices  and  systems  make  asset  tracking  more  accurate  and  reliable  than  ever  before.  according  to  a  by  mobile  experts,  which  follows  multiple  vertical  markets,  illustrating  future  trends  in  detail  and  includes  descriptions  of  transportation,  healthcare,  agriculture,  industrial,  retail,  and  consumer  markets,  the
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  iot  device  market  will  triple  by  2022.  evaluated  in  the  report  include  bluetooth,  uwb,  wifi,  802.15.4,  lpwa,  2g,  lte,  nbiot,  5g,  satellite,  infrared,  ultrasound,  nfc,  and  rfid.  specifically,  mobile  experts  principal  analyst  joe  madden  says  expected  annual  shipments  of  asset  tracking  iot  devices  will  grow  from  22  million  to  70  million,  and  approximately  50  of  those  devices  will  send  data  through  a  cloudbased  service  provider.  obviously,  iot  is  here  to  stay,  and  there  are  some  superb  asset  tracking  iot  devices  and  systems  on  the  market  already.  to  assist  you  in  finding  iot  devices  and  systems  for  tracking  your
__label__logisticstracking assets,  we  have  rounded  up  48  of  the  best  available.  our  top  iot  device  and  system  picks  cover  a  range  of  technologies  and  applications  and  come  to  you  from  some  of  the  worlds  leaders  in  technology.  weve  also  chosen  iot  asset  tracking  devices  and  systems  that  are  appropriate  for  small  businesses  through  enterprises.  please  note,  we  have  listed  our  top  48  iot  devices  and  systems  for  asset  tracking  here  in  alphabetical  order  to  make  your  search  easier;  thus,  they  are  not  listed  by  any  ranking  or  rating.  aircable  gateway  combines  wifi  and  ble  and  is  a  very  small  bluetooth  smart
__label__logisticstracking mesh  and  beacon  interface  to  the  cloud.  but,  dont  let  its  size  fool  you;  the  aircable  gateway  has  a  long  range  and  scans  for  ibeacon,  eddystone,  and  mesh  asset  beacons  to  send  location  information  to  the  server.  49  aruba  networks  is  a  leading  provider  of  nextgeneration  network  access  solutions  for  the  mobile  enterprise.  their  tracking  solution  reduces  equipment  costs  and  helps  businesses  track  assets  with  their  bleenabled  aruba  wlan  infrastructure  and  ble  tags.  contact  for  a  quote  particle,  formerly  known  as  spark,  creates  hardware  and  software  tools  to  help  you  prototype,  scale,  and  manage  iot  products.  the  asset  tracker  from
__label__logisticstracking particle  is  a  solution  for  tracking  and  monitoring  using  cellular  technology.  the  device  is  equipped  with  a  weatherproof  enclosure  and  a  gps  shield  and  uses  3g  or  2g  to  communicate  with  the  particle  cloud  and  the  world  at  large.  att  business  provides  atts  enterprise  solutions  including  those  for  security,  iot,  cloud,  and  smart  cities.  the  att  iot  shipping  container  and  trailer  monitoring  devices  are  a  solution  for  tracking  the  condition  of  your  containers  and  their  contents  throughout  the  duration  of  their  trips.  the  devices  attach  to  your  containers  or  trailers  and  gather  at  a  from  a  variety  of  sensors  that
__label__logisticstracking collect  data  and  send  it  to  the  cloud  for  you  to  view  using  an  application  that  sends  alerts  and  notifications  and  is  customizable.  contact  for  a  quote  microchiptech  creates  8bit,  16bit,  and  32bit  mcus,  analog,  and  flaship  solutions,  and  atmel  provides  turnkey  software  and  hardware  solutions  based  on  their  sam  d20  series  of  lowpower  micro  controllers.  together,  microchiptech  and  atmel  present  the  gps  asset  tracking  devices  for  fleet  management  and  asset,  vehicle,  and  personal  asset  tracking.  contact  for  a  quote  advanced  tracking  technologies,  inc.  atti  is  a  leading  manufacturer  of  gps  vehicle  and  asset  tracking  systems.  specifically,  their  gps  asset
__label__logisticstracking tracking  devices  are  designed  for  fixed  or  mobile  assets.  companies  needing  accurate,  realtime  monitoring  choose  attis  satellite  asset  tracker  to  track  their  large  equipment,  such  as  bulk  containers,  trailers,  heavy  equipment,  generators,  vehicles,  and  boats.  contact  for  a  quote  ayantras  iot  solutions  utilize  wireless  and  web  technologies.  their  solutions  make  it  possible  for  you  to  connect  to  your  remote  assets  and  collect  useful  data  on  asset  utilization,  status,  faults,  and  location.  ayantra  offers  asset  management  products  for  portable  generators,  compressors,  pumps,  cranes,  forklifts,  heavy  equipment,  refrigerated  trailers,  and  more.  specifically,  their  enables  fleet  managers  to  track  each  machine  and  ensure
__label__logisticstracking proper  maintenance.  contact  for  a  quote  bewheres  iot  asset  tracking  solutions  are  innovative,  rugged,  and  weatherproof  with  a  range  of  up  to  250  meters.  their  industrialized  hardware,  sensors,  and  software  applications  track  asset  information  in  real  time.  their  iot  tracking  devices  give  users  more  visibility  into  their  assets.  contact  for  a  quote  blackberry  is  a  mobilenative  software  company  dedicated  to  securing  the  enterprise  of  things.  their  radar  solution  is  an  allencompassing  solution  for  tracking  trailers,  containers,  and  equipment  that  delivers  realtime  asset  monitoring  and  powerful  analytics  to  empower  companies  to  increase  their  operational  efficiency  and  improve  decision  making.  contact  for
__label__logisticstracking a  quote  brickhouse  security  is  a  trusted  name  in  security,  surveillance,  and  personal  protection.  now,  they  are  making  a  name  for  themselves  in  the  world  of  iot  asset  trackers  with  their  spark  nano  5.0  gps  tracker.  this  toprated  device  is  portable,  faster,  more  accurate,  and  longer  lasting  than  ever  before.  129.95  calamp  is  a  telematics  pioneer  leading  a  global  connected  economy  that  streamlines  complex  iot  deployments  and  advances  intelligent  solutions.  the  calamp  atu620  is  a  fieldreplaceable  aa  batteryoperated  asset  tracking  unit  suitable  for  longterm,  reliable  deployments.  contact  for  a  quote  cellocatorpointer  delivers  automatic  vehicle  location  avl  solutions  for  fleet  management,
__label__logisticstracking car  and  driver  safety,  public  safety,  and  vehicle  security.  their  cellotrack  nano  is  an  asset  and  cargo  tracking/management  iot  solution  based  on  a  smart  hub  and  wireless  sensor  network  wsn.  get  the  knowledge  you  need  to  tack  and  manage  your  cargo  and  assets  more  effectively  with  cellotrack  nano.  contact  for  a  quote  sequans,  a  leading  supplier  of  singlemode  lte  chipsets,  offers  two  product  lines:  streamrichlte  for  high  throughput  devices  and  streamlitelte  for  m2m  and  iot.  their  cloe  lte  cat  m1  tracker  platform  allows  you  to  connect  and  locate  objects  everywhere.  cloe  integrates  sequans  monarch  lte  cat  m1/nb1  chip  with  stmicroelectronics
__label__logisticstracking teseo  iii  gnss  chip  for  lte,  gnss,  and  accelerometer  performance  in  a  single  platform.  contact  for  a  quote  fathom  is  synonymous  with  the  next  generation  of  indoor  location  technology  and  utilizes  bluetooth  to  enable  asset  tracking  and  rtls  with  twometer  or  better  accuracy.  when  you  add  bluetooth  to  your  asset  tracking  system,  you  can  automate  your  tag  tracking.  contact  for  a  quote  with  their  userfriendly  iot  ecosystem,  fathym  gives  enterprise  customers  the  ability  to  innovate  iot  solutions.  fathym  asset  tracking  fleet  management  is  a  solution  for  tracking  and  managing  your  assets,  vehicle  fleets,  and  more  by  providing  fleet  managers  with
__label__logisticstracking road  conditions  and  vehicle  information  you  can  use  to  optimize  routing  and  keep  transportation  assets  moving  safely  and  efficiently.  contact  for  a  quote  fleetilla  offers  vehicle,  asset,  and  trailer  tracking  gps  solutions  that  reduce  operating  costs  for  fleets  of  any  size  while  enhancing  customer  satisfaction  and  return  on  investment.  their  asset  and  trailer  tracking  solutions  expand  visibility,  improve  billing,  eliminate  redundancy,  save  time,  and  improve  security.  contact  for  a  quote  fleetmatics  is  a  fleet  management  solution  for  making  quick  decisions,  reducing  costs,  and  increasing  revenue.  their  reveal  gps  fleet  tracking  system  provides  realtime  fleet  monitoring  and  helps  prevent  breakdowns  while
__label__logisticstracking boosting  fleet  safety  and  security.  combine  the  driver  id  key  fob  with  fleetmatics  reveal  driver  management  software  to  get  a  complete  picture  of  each  driver  and  vehicle.  contact  for  a  quote  tech360  provides  tailormade  tracking  solutions.  their  advanced  monitoring  and  control  systems  use  gsm,  gps,  and  sub  1ghz  rf  communication  integrated  with  automotive,  personal,  heavyduty,  waterproof,  and  assettracking  products.  specifically,  tech360s  galil  avl  tracking  system  is  a  highend  gps  asset  tracking  system  that  is  compact  and  userfriendly.  contact  for  a  quote  easytracgps  delivers  vital  insight  through  gps  tracking.  their  geotraxir  is  a  leadingedge  iot  asset  tracking  device  that  is  flexible,
__label__logisticstracking yet  precise.  fully  featured  with  a  rugged  design  in  a  small  formfactor,  geotraxir  is  ideal  for  trailers,  generators,  pumps,  chillers,  and  other  powered  assets.  239.95  geotab  is  an  awardwinning  provider  of  secure  open  platform  telematics  technology  that  helps  fleet  managers  improve  productivity,  safety,  and  eld  compliance.  their  go7  is  a  leading  small  formfactor  vehicle  iot  tracking  device  that  plugs  directly  to  a  vehicles  obdii  port  or  an  adapter  for  vehicles  lacking  the  port.  contact  for  a  quote  globalsat  worldcom  group  offers  several  fleet  and  asset  management  products.  they  understand  that  data  plays  a  critical  role  in  fleet  management  and  vehicle
__label__logisticstracking telematics.  they  also  understand  that  asset  management  relies  on  advanced  technology  like  iot;  their  fleet  asset  management  trackers  deliver  realtime  information  to  improve  productivity  and  accountability.  specifically,  globalsats  tr151  vehicle  asset  tracker  is  a  durable,  waterresistant  iot  device  that  handles  gps/gsm/gprs  tracking.  contact  for  a  quote  gps  insight  delivers  tailored  gps  tracking  solutions  for  fleet  intelligence  for  commercial  and  government  vehicles  and  assets.  companies  choose  gps  insight  tracking  devices  because  they  are  configurable,  support  optional  features,  and  are  available  for  lightduty  or  heavyduty  vehicles.  gps  insights  iot  asset  tracking  devices  give  you  the  information  you  need  about  your  assets  when
__label__logisticstracking you  need  it  and  in  the  way  you  want  to  see  it.  contact  for  a  quote  greenwave  systems  is  a  global  iot  software  and  service  provider  that  empowers  richer  networks  and  smarter  services  with  the  axon  platform.  a  cloud  management  system  for  interoperability  and  iot  networks,  axon  platform  empowers  companies  to  translate  communication  from  a  range  of  devices  into  a  common  ipbased  language  to  create  a  managed  service.  contact  for  a  quote  geoforce  combines  cloudbased  software  with  rugged  gps  tracking  devices,  global  satellites,  and  cellular  networks  to  make  field  operations  and  asset  tracking  easier.  their  gt1  asset  tracker  is  a
__label__logisticstracking rugged  iecex/atex  zone  0  gps  tracking  device.  in  fact,  gt1  is  so  versatile  that  it  tracks  assets  in  locations  that  are  too  much  for  other  iot  trackers.  haystack  gives  developers  a  powerful  new  wireless  platform  built  on  the  dash7  opensource  wireless  data  standard.  in  fact,  haystacks  iot  technology  system  transforms  asset  tracking  by  providing  a  practical  way  to  interact  with  data  on  tracking  devices  without  being  limited  by  short  range,  poor  battery  life,  or  high  costs.  contact  for  a  quote  helios  wire  is  democratizing  iot  by  building  a  disruptive,  spaceenabled  iot  service  with  up  to  five  billion  transmitters  around  the
__label__logisticstracking world.  the  helios  system  is  designed  for  existing  and  emerging  iot  and  machinetomachine  m2m  applications  including  monitoring  and  tracking  fixed  and  mobile  assets  in  transportation,  consumer,  logistics,  security  and  public  safety,  energy,  mining,  industrial  and  construction,  agriculture,  animal  management,  and  other  industries.  please  note,  helios  wire  plans  to  launch  their  satellites  using  a  phased  approach  beginning  in  2018.  contact  for  a  quote  ibm  and  vodafone  have  teamed  up  to  deliver  mobile  asset  optimization  to  empower  users  to  determine  how  the  weather  will  impact  your  supply  chain  and  optimize  the  lifecycle  of  your  assets.  the  result  is  improved  asset  visibility  and
__label__logisticstracking recovery  through  analytics,  thanks  to  watson  iot.  contact  for  a  quote  a  leading  global  software  solutions  provider,  klouddata  delivers  comprehensive  leadingedge  capabilities  in  enterprise,  analytics,  and  mobility  solutions.  their  realtime  automated  asset  intelligence  solution,  taasai  is  an  advanced  solution  for  rfid  and  sensordriven  rtls  service  for  tracking  and  managing  your  assets  within  and  across  your  enterprise.  contact  for  a  quote  kontakt.io  digitizes  the  physical  world  with  beacons  and  infrastructure  management  tools  that  are  the  cornerstone  of  smart,  iotconnected  world.  their  bluetooth  beacons  and  location  solutions  help  you  locate,  track,  and  analyze  the  flow  of  your  assets  and  staff.  link  labs
__label__logisticstracking empowers  companies  to  track  assets  within  a  defined  area  with  airfinder,  a  realtime  location  system  rtls  that  enables  lowcost  secure  asset  tracking.  this  iot  asset  tracking  device  is  a  simple  and  effective  system  that  will  help  you  cut  asset  tracking  costs.  contact  for  a  quote  losant  is  an  iot  developer  platform  for  building  and  visualizing  realtime  iot  solutions  with  ease.  their  asset  tracking  solutions  empower  companies  to  use  connected  devices  for  simple  location  monitoring.  losants  iot  asset  tracking  system  also  gives  users  the  flexibility  to  choose  and  connect  to  tracking  devices  using  any  communication  method  on  any  network.  contact  for
__label__logisticstracking a  quote  nimbelink  is  known  for  being  m2m  experts.  their  iot  asset  tracking  system  is  designed  as  a  full  stack  solution  and  is  ready  for  devices,  networks,  and  applications.  get  immediate  connectivity  to  your  assets  with  nimbelink  asset  tracker.  contact  for  a  quote  nimble  wireless  empowers  customers  to  connect  wirelessly  to  remote  assets  to  control  and  manage  them.  nimbles  stateoftheart  iot  solutions  are  ideal  for  cold  chain  transportation  and  logistics,  telecom  infrastructure,  green  energy,  and  healthcare  industries.  specifically,  the  nimble  n5  asset  monitor  monitors  asset  temperature  and  location  in  real  time.  contact  for  a  quote  numerex  is  a  leading  provider
__label__logisticstracking of  managed  enterprise  solutions  that  enable  the  iot.  numerex  offers  a  host  of  iot  devices  that  are  purposebuilt  for  multiple  vertical  markets.  all  of  numerexs  iot  devices  are  built  for  reliability,  scalability,  and  flexibility  in  mind.  contact  for  a  quote  orbcomm  is  a  leading  global  provider  of  iot  and  m2m  solutions  that  are  purposebuilt  for  remote  asset  tracking,  management,  and  control.  in  fact,  their  iot  devices  are  powerful  and  rugged  enough  to  monitor  and  control  assets  in  some  of  the  worlds  most  remote  locations  with  complete  global  coverage  across  multiple  satellite  and  cellular  networks.  contact  for  a  quote  romteck  solutions
__label__logisticstracking is  a  leading  australian  developer  of  mission  and  safety  critical  iot  solutions.  their  iot  tracking  systems  deliver  industrialgrade  rfid  and  gps  tracking  solutions  for  companies  requiring  longrange  identification  and  authentication  of  vehicles  and  assets,  including  those  in  harsh  and  remote  environments.  for  skip  bin  asset  location  management,  romtecks  wheres  yr  bin  is  an  ideal  solution  combining  rfid  technology  with  gps  tracking  and  mobile  telephony.  contact  for  a  quote  sensolus  provides  internetbased  tracking  solutions  to  turn  your  nonpowered  assets  into  intelligent  assets.  their  iot  asset  tracking  devices  provide  carefree  tracking  of  your  nonpowered  assets  directly  from  the  cloud  and  track  assets
__label__logisticstracking for  five  years  using  three  aa  batteries.  contact  for  a  quote  stanley  healthcare  enables  17,000  healthcare  organizations  around  the  world  to  transform  their  safety,  security,  and  operational  efficiency.  their  healthcare  asset  tracking  management  system,  aeroscout  asset  management  solution,  helps  healthcare  organizations  improve  staff  efficiency,  increase  equipment  utilization,  and  lower  operational  costs  because  it  delivers  automated  iot  asset  tracking  and  management.  contact  for  a  quote  telefnicas  iot  asset  tracking  and  management  solution  provides  realtime  positioning  and  visibility  for  powered  and  nonpowered  assets.  organizations  benefit  from  the  smart  mobility  and  single  point  of  contact  for  monitoring  assets,  optimizing  their  usage,  and  preventing
__label__logisticstracking damage  to  them  with  telefnicas  iot  asset  tracking  solution.  contact  for  a  quote  telematics  from  bell  provides  builtin  connectivity  to  vehicles  and  delivers  enhanced  safety  features  and  information  to  organizations.  ideal  for  industries  needing  instant  visibility  into  vehicles  and  assets,  telematics  from  bell  delivers  better  service  to  customer  and  improves  driver  performance  and  asset  usage.  contact  for  a  quote  telit  delivers  endtoend  iot  solutions  including  modules,  connectivity,  platforms,  and  more.  their  asset  tracking  system  helps  you  securely  track  the  location  and  health  of  your  assets,  equipment,  fleets,  and  inventory  with  remote  tracking  capabilities.  contact  for  a  quote  a  verizon  company,
__label__logisticstracking telogis  delivers  an  awardwinning,  cloudbased  software  platform  that  transforms  your  asset  tracking  practices.  this  webbased  fleet  management  solution  is  built  on  a  scalable  platform  that  integrates  with  your  business  from  logistics  and  maintenance  through  dispatch  and  payroll.  contact  for  a  quote  thinkrace  is  a  manufacturer  of  safety  and  fitness  devices  like  gps  trackers,  smart  watches,  and  fitness  bands.  their  iot  asset  trackers  are  available  for  a  variety  of  asset  types,  from  vehicles  to  pallets.  contact  for  a  quote  tive  provides  sensordriven  awareness  and  analysis  of  intransit  goods  and  provides  greater  visibility  and  insight  into  your  assets  and  goods  in  transit.
__label__logisticstracking their  multisensor  tracker  is  a  lowpower  iot  device  that  uses  cellular  connectivity  for  realtime  asset  monitoring.  contact  for  a  quote  us  fleet  tracking  is  a  leader  in  providing  live  asset  and  vehicle  gps  tracking  devices  and  software.  their  iot  are  top  sellers  and  are  easy  to  install,  but  their  newest  iot  asset  tracking  device,  the  atv4  gps,  is  the  first  live  4g  lte  gps  tracker.  299  cost  of  required  service  plan  verizon  enterprise  provides  it,  mobility,  security,  and  iot  enterprise  solutions.  verizon  launched  their  lte  catm1  to  fully  support  catm1  devices  to  simplify  the  adoption  of  iot  solutions.  with  vltecatm1,
__label__logisticstracking you  can  track  and  monitor  your  critical  assets  and  improve  customer  satisfaction  while  using  data  analytics  to  make  better  business  decisions.  the  system  supports  a  wide  variety  of  iot  applications  and  improves  iot  coverage  with  improved  inbuilding  and  inground  penetration.  contact  for  a  quote  vodafone  iot  powers  iot  to  deliver  real  business  value.  their  narrowbandiot  nbiot  is  a  lowpower  iot  solution  for  wide  area  deployment.  vodafone  nbiot  is  a  system  designed  to  expand  iot  connectivity  to  make  asset  tracking  easier  in  nearly  any  area  of  the  world.  contact  for  a  quote  zubie  provides  solutions  for  tracking  drivers  and  assets.  their
__label__logisticstracking lowcost  fleet  tracking  solution  is  simple  and  does  not  require  a  contract  or  entail  any  hidden  fees.  zubie  business  is  an  iot  system  for  asset  tracking  that  is  easy  to  install  and  use;  simply  plug  a  small  cellular  device  into  the  obdii  port  of  your  vehicles  and  track  them.  free  trial  of  zubie  business  available  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  keep  up  to  date  on  the  latest  from  camcode  tel:  8006273917  fax:  2165874719  copyright  2019  horizons,  inc.  all  rights  reserved
__label__logisticstracking try  these  quick  links  to  visit  popular  site  sections  by  signing  in,  you  agree  to  our  .  forgot  your  intel  or  ?  do  you  work  for  intel?  .  dont  have  an  intel  account?  for  a  basic  account.  the  browser  version  you  are  using  is  not  recommended  for  this  site.  please  consider  upgrading  to  the  latest  version  of  your  browser  by  clicking  one  of  the  following  links.  data  is  being  generated  all  around  us  by  millions  of  connected  things.  making  sense  of  this  data  in  an  economical  and  practical  way  can  transform  the  supply  chain  to  a  degree  never  before  possible,
__label__logisticstracking helping  to  increase  efficiency,  make  better  decisions  in  real  time  and  create  more  value  for  customers  and  employees.  get  the  right  level  of  performance  and  intelligence  exactly  where  you  need  it  most.  intel  uses  smart  technology  that  is  powered  by  iot  to  connect  shipments.  the  way  that  goods  move  across  the  globe  is  transformed  with  near  realtime  location  data  and  integrity  monitoring  and  management.  learn  more  maintaining  a  highperforming  supply  chain  is  critical  in  competitive  global  markets  and  warehouse  management  is  no  exception.  iotenabled  technologies  allow  for  the  improvement  of  tracking,  registering,  reporting,  and  securing  of  products  and  finished  goods
__label__logisticstracking throughout  the  entire  logistics  flow.  learn  more  increase  supply  chain  visibility  with  intelbased  iot  technology.  whether  it  is  automating  freight  tracking  or  generating  warehouse  efficiencies,  intel  is  developing  breakthrough  technologies  that  are  transforming  the  industry.  cut  costs  with  economical  and  multifunction  sensor  tags.  take  quick  action  with  continuous  monitoring.  integrate  the  solution  with  your  current  systems.  intel  and  partners  can  help  you  solve  your  logistics  challenges.  extract  greater  value  from  your  freight  information.  receive  the  latest  news  and  updates  from  industry  experts  on  the  technology  and  trends  shaping  the  future  of  iot,  delivered  directly  to  your  inbox.  your  email  with
__label__logisticstracking the  intel  perspective  on  the  weeks  top  logistics  and  supply  chain  stories  will  arriveevery  friday  morning  enjoy  due  to  a  technical  difficulty,  we  were  unable  to  submit  the  form.  please  try  again  after  a  few  minutes.  we  apologize  for  the  inconvenience.  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  iot  technology  is  transforming  business  by  improving  interoperability,  security  and  connectivity,  providing  near  realtime  tracking  of  shipments  across  the  entire  supply  chain.  intel  has  announced  the  intel  connected  logistics  platform  intel  clp,  a  costeffective  internet  of  things  iot  solution  enabling  users
__label__logisticstracking as  with  many  other  areas  of  the  economy,  the  digital  revolution  is  having  a  profound  effect  on  delivery  logistics.  the  combination  of  mobile  computing,  analytics,  and  ,  all  of  which  are  fueled  by  the  internet  of  things  iot,  is  changing  how  delivery  and  fulfillment  companies  are  conducting  their  operations.  one  of  the  most  popular  methods  for  fulfilling  deliveries  today  is  through  thirdparty  logistics,  which  involves  any  company  that  provides  outsourced  services  to  move  products  and  resources  from  one  area  to  another.  thirdparty  logistics,  or  3pl,  can  be  one  service,  such  as  transportation  or  a  warehouse,  or  an  entire  system  that
__label__logisticstracking maintains  the  whole  supply  chain.  but  the  iot  is  going  to  changehow  this  process  operates.  below,  weve  outlined  the  impact  of  iot  on  supply  chain,  and  how  iot  management  will  transform  inventory,  logistics,  ,  and  more.  one  of  the  biggest  trends  poised  to  upend  supply  chain  management  is  asset  tracking,  which  gives  companies  a  way  to  totally  overhaul  their  supply  chain  and  logistics  operations  by  giving  them  the  tools  to  make  better  decisions  and  save  time  and  money.delivery  company  dhl  and  tech  giant  cisco  estimated  in  2015  that  such  as  asset  tracking  solutions  could  have  an  impact  of  more  than
__label__logisticstracking 1.9  trillion  in  the  supply  chain  and  logistics  sector.  and  this  transformation  is  already  underway.  a  recent  survey  by  gt  nexus  and  capgemini  found  that  70  of  retail  and  manufacturing  companies  have  already  started  a  digital  transformation  project  in  their  supply  chain  and  logistics  operations.  is  not  new  by  any  means.  freight  and  shipping  companies  have  used  barcode  scanners  to  track  and  manage  their  inventory.  but  new  developments  are  making  these  scanners  obsolete,  as  they  can  only  collect  data  on  broad  types  of  items,  rather  than  the  location  or  condition  of  specific  items.  newer  asset  tracking  solutions  which  well  get
__label__logisticstracking into  shortly  in  the  next  section  offer  much  more  vital  and  usable  data,  especially  when  paired  with  other  iot  technologies.  there  are  several  new  pieces  of  technology  that  are  already  changing  how  logistics  companies  work.  first  is  active  and  passive  rfid  tags,  which  provide  data  on  items  to  which  theyre  attached.  the  main  difference  between  the  two  is  that  passive  tags  have  an  rfid  antenna  and  a  microchip  for  storing  information,  while  active  tags  have  their  own  battery  power  and  can  sometimes  include  additional  sensors.  internetconnected  trackers  use  longrange  networks  or  low  power  wide  area  networks  lpwans  to  let  companies
__label__logisticstracking track  specific  items  throughout  their  delivery  journeys.  in  the  same  vein,  satellite  trackers  provide  location  data  on  an  item  almost  anywhere  on  the  planet,  even  in  areas  that  do  not  have  cellular  coverage.  bluetooth  tags  and  beacons  offer  tracking  data  in  smaller,  more  confined  areas,  and  companies  most  often  use  them  in  retail  stores  to  monitor  customer  traffic  and  offer  marketing  messages  to  said  customers.  finally,  nearfield  communication  nfc  tags,  based  on  rfid  standards,  allow  workers  to  use  their  mobile  devices  as  readers  for  the  nfc  tags,  which  provides  an  advantage  over  rfid  tags  and  readers.  to  read  about  asset
__label__logisticstracking tracking  technologiesin  more  detail,  click  .  companies  and  even  governments  that  operate  vast  numbers  of  vehicles  are  more  frequently  using  solutions  to  make  the  process  more  efficient.  much  like  inventory  and  warehouse  management,  these  solutions  use  gps  and  other  tracking  technologies  to  gather  data  in  real  time  on  the  locations  and  operations  of  their  vehicles.  bi  intelligence,  business  insiders  premium  research  service,  estimates  that  connected  fleet  management  solutionswill  reach  180  million  commercial  vehicles  in  north  america,  or  90  of  the  total  market,  by  2020.  this  would  represent  a  tenfold  increase  from  2010.  companies  are  deploying  these  solutions  in  three  main
__label__logisticstracking ways:  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  powering  transformation  for  enterprises,  consumers,  and  governments.  emerging  tools  and  technologies  like  smart  speakers,  machine  learning,  and  5g  are  enabling  huge  gains  to  efficiency  and  more  control  at  home  and  in  the  workplace.  the  continued  growth  of  the  iot  industry  is  going  to  be  a  transformative  force  across  all  organizations.  by  integrating  all  of  our  modern  day  devices  with  internet  connectivity,  the  iot  market  is  on  pace  to  grow  to  over  3  trillion  annually  by  2026.  ,  business  insiders  premium  research  service,  is  keeping  its  finger  on  the  pulse  of  this  ongoing  revolution
__label__logisticstracking by  conducting  our  third  annual  ,  which  provides  us  with  critical  insights  on  the  most  pivotal  new  developments  within  the  iot  and  explains  how  toplevel  perspectives  are  changing  year  to  year.  our  survey  includes  nearly  400  responses  from  key  executives  around  the  world,  including  csuite  and  directorlevel  respondents.  through  this  exclusive  study  and  indepth  research  into  the  field,  business  insider  intelligence  details  the  components  that  make  up  the  iot  ecosystem.  we  size  the  iot  market  and  use  exclusive  data  to  identify  key  trends  in  the  connected  devices  sector.  and  we  profile  the  enterprise,  governmental,  and  consumer  iot  segments  individually,  drilling
__label__logisticstracking down  into  the  drivers  and  characteristics  that  are  shaping  each  market.  interested  in  getting  the  full  report?  here  are  two  ways  to  access  it:  premium  the  choice  is  yours.  but  however  you  decide  to  acquire  this  report,  youve  given  yourself  a  powerful  advantage  in  your  understanding  of  the  fastmoving  world  of  the  iot.
__label__logisticstracking this  is  a  preview  of  a  research  report  from  ,  business  insiders  premium  research  service.  to  learn  more  about  business  insider  intelligence,  .  using  sensors,  tags,  and  other  iot  devices  to  track  goods  through  the  global  supply  chain  is  one  of  the  fundamental  use  cases  for  the  internet  of  things,  and  also  one  of  the  most  impactful.  cisco  and  dhl,  the  worlds  largest  logistics  provider,  estimated  last  year  that  1.9  trillion  dollars  of  economic  value  could  be  created  by  the  use  of  iot  devices  and  asset  tracking  solutions  in  the  global  supply  chain  and  logistics  sector.  the  enormous  potential  value
__label__logisticstracking created  by  these  asset  tracking  technologies  is  due  to  the  incredibly  broad  array  of  benefits  that  companies  can  obtain  from  them.  asset  tracking  solutions  can  create  fiscal  savings  for  supply  chain  and  logistics  operators  at  almost  every  step  inthe  supply  chain  journey  including  extraction,  transportation,  production,  storage,  and  final  delivery  to  the  customer.  they  can  also  help  with  compliance  reporting  and  result  innew  revenue  opportunities  for  supply  chain  and  logistics  operators.  all  of  these  benefits  are  derived  from  the  insights  that  companies  can  gain  from  the  data  that  asset  tracking  solutions  provide.  tracking  tags  and  sensors  can  deliver  realtime  data
__label__logisticstracking about  the  location  of  goods  in  transit  or  in  a  warehouse,  as  well  as  data  on  the  condition  of  those  goods  such  as  temperature,  pressure,  or  potential  damage  to  their  packaging.  however,  gaining  operational  insights  from  these  solutionscan  be  a  challenging  task  ifcompanies  dont  implement  organizational  changes  and  other  technologies  that  enable  them  to  take  instant  action  on  realtime  tracking  data.  the  report  from  examines  the  various  technologies  that  can  be  used  for  asset  tracking  today,  and  breaks  down  trends  impacting  adoption  of  these  different  technologies.  we  also  explain  the  multitude  of  different  benefits  that  can  potentially  be  derived  from
__label__logisticstracking these  technologies,  and  detail  how  different  industries  are  taking  advantage  of  some  of  these  benefits.  lastly,  we  detail  the  major  challenges  involved  in  implementing  asset  tracking  solutions,  and  offer  some  best  practices  for  overcoming  these  challenges.  here  are  some  of  the  key  takeaways  from  the  report:  in  full,  the  report:
__label__logisticstracking your  message  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  one  of  our  experts  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  request  or  to  inquire  for  additional  information  if  needed.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how
__label__logisticstracking we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  dear  name,  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  vacancies.  you  will  receive  weekly  notifications  based  on  your  career  preferences.  we  are  looking  forward  to  getting  in  touch  with  you.  best  regards,  recruiting  team  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.
__label__logisticstracking check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  your  email  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  our  expert  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  question  in  detail.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  fleet  management  and  logistics  are  the  two  industries  at  the  verge  of  major  transformations.  in  the  niche  say  that  there  are  tectonic  shifts  in  logistics,  supply  chain  and
__label__logisticstracking transportation  processes.  under  twothirds  62  also  state  that  their  business  is  already  undergoing  a  profound  transformation.  more  change  has  taken  place  in  the  last  two  years  alone  than  within  the  preceding  decade.  several  factors  contribute  to  this:  in  this  post,  we  have  lined  up  the  key  transformative,  and  more  importantly  already  accessible,  technologies  capable  to  bring  major  improvements  to  fleet  and  asset  management.  iot  technology  has  already  made  a  ,  including  automotive  oems.  iotequipped  machinery  is  heavily  present  on  the  production  floors,  resulting  in  faster,  better  and  safer  production.  but  iot  and  sensor  technology  also  have  a  bright  future  beyond
__label__logisticstracking the  production  facilities.  in  just  one  year,  over  250  million  cars  will  be  connected.  within  the  next  two  years,  units  will  be  installed  to  vehicles  and  consumer  spending  on  connected  cars  will  double  within  the  same  period.  in  fact,  consumers  are  commanding  the  demand  for  smarter  driving  experience.  they  want  to  remain  productive  on  the  go  and  expect  their  interactions  with  the  vehicle  to  become  similar  to  a  smartphone  a  trend  automotive  leaders  should  pay  attention  to.  sensors  and  connected  units  can  largely  facilitate  the  driving  experience  in  several  ways:  for  fleet  managers,  this  titanic  shift  towards  connected,  and  potentially
__label__logisticstracking autonomous,  vehicles  presents  an  additional  host  of  benefits  and  opportunities:  with  the  help  of  sensor  technology  and  ,  fleet  managers  can  gain  a  unified  view  of  their  entire  ecosystem  and  optimize  multiple  operational  facets  including:  case  in  point:  has  recently  installed  sensors  and  cellular  service  on  .  in  the  first  year  of  adopting  this  new  fleet  management  system,  the  company  managed  to  increase  its  fuel  efficiency  by  6  and  obtained  15  million  in  savings.  per  ,  adoption  of  new  routing  software  powered  by  connectivity  and  analytics  can  improve  logistics  efficiencies  by  25.  insights  obtained  from  sensors  can  reduce  operational  costs
__label__logisticstracking and  improve  your  fleet  efficiency.  by  knowing  exactly  when  a  certain  part  is  due  for  replacement  and  when  a  vehicle  should  be  routed  for  an  inspection,  you  can  streamline  your  maintenance  supply  chain  and  schedule.  a  predictive  maintenance  system  can  improve  asset  availability  by  1030  and  significantly  trim  inventory  management  costs.  beyond  optimizing  the  repairs,  predictive  maintenance  systems  can  also  mitigate  the  risks  of  unplanned  breakdowns.  to  understand  how  predictive  maintenance  functions,  lets  take  a  waste  management  truck  as  an  example.  sensors  can  be  installed  to  capture  the  following  data:  data  collected  from  these  sensors  can  be  instantly  dispatched  for
__label__logisticstracking analysis  using  and  the  driver  can  be  immediately  notified  if  any  potential  failure  is  detected.  so  the  general  predictive  maintenance  algorithm  operates  the  following  way:  such  predictive  analytics  for  logistics  and  fleet  management  industries  enable  the  following  benefits:  telecommunications  informatics  systems  are  becoming  increasingly  present  in  vehicles.  per  ,  15  of  cars  now  come  with  telematics  units  installed  and  100  million  telematics  systems  are  now  in  operation  around  the  world.  a  telematics  system  is  a  connected  onboard  hardware  unit,  consisting  of  an  iot  sensors  or  a  blackbox  computer  with  gps,  capable  of  sharing  data  in  realtime  or  within  preprogrammed  intervals
__label__logisticstracking of  time.  they  are  a  major  shift  from  the  standard  gps  vehicle  trackers  that  only  provide  visibility  into  the  assets  geolocation.  there  are  several  popular  use  cases  of  telematics  in  vehicle  fleet  management:  todays  advanced  telematics  systems  also  support  twoway  communication,  meaning  that  drivers  can  receive  instant  updates  on  route  plan  changes  e.g.  due  to  congestion  and  schedules.  as  well,  they  can  be  used  to  provide  feedback  and  training  to  drivers  based  on  their  common  driving  patterns  and  behaviors.  such  newgen  vehicle  tracking  systems  can  reduce  preventable  accidents  by  enabling  companies  to  proactively  manage  the  risk  behavior  among  staff.  by
__label__logisticstracking having  a  better  understanding  of  fuel  consumption,  businesses  can  accurately  forecast  fuel  costs  and  even  slash  those.  telematics,  especially  when  paired  with  realtime  location  systems,  can  help  achieve  greater  route  optimization,  map  out  better  fueling  strategies  and  improve  the  overall  vehicle  operations.  compact  devices  capturing  location  data  are  another  tech  addon  worth  considering  to  ensure  smoother  logistics  management  onsite  and  enroute.  by  capturing  location  data  alone  you  can  unlock  the  following  benefits:  beyond  collecting  onsite  data,  advanced  telematics  systems  now  support  the  collection  and  analysis  of  the  following  geo/location  data  points:  finally,  by  having  a  360degree  view  of  your  operations
__label__logisticstracking and  asset  locations  at  all  times  you  can  effectively  match  your  fleet  size  to  the  current  and  future  demand.  by  knowing  your  numbers,  you  can  proactively  manage  seasonal  variations  in  demand  and  optimize  staffing  levels.  the  use  of  telematics  is  said  to  reduce  the  overtime  costs  and  boost  drivers  productivity  .  near  field  communication  nfc  technology  has  been  popularized  by  the  financial  industry.  but  this  type  of  shortrange  wireless  connectivity  can  be  also  effectively  applied  towards  security  and  access  management  in  the  .  an  nfcpowered  vehicle  entry  system  relies  on  a  wireless  connection  and  onboard  sensors  to  identify  the  security
__label__logisticstracking key,  stored  on  the  drivers  personal  device  a  smartphone.  the  car  door  unlocks  automatically  when  the  driver  approaches  the  vehicle  and  activates  the  preprogrammed  individual  settings  e.g.  seat  or  rearview  mirror  position.  by  opting  for  a  smart  key  for  cars  in  your  fleet,  you  immediately  solve  several  problems:  fleet  managers  no  longer  need  to  coordinate  facetoface  key  handovers  or  manually  adjust  settings  to  accommodate  a  lastmoment  alliteration.  digital  key  management  can  be  further  integrated  into  your  dispatch  and  scheduling  system,  and  new  keys  can  be  automatically  generated  for  drivers  based  on  their  id  cards  and  planned  routes.  apart  from  fleet
__label__logisticstracking management  companies,  the  following  businesses  can  largely  improve  their  operations  with  this  technology:  infopulse  team  has  recently  helped  a  german  automotive  company  to  develop  and  implement  a  secure  and  efficient  nfcbased  digital  key  solution.  this  new  addon  to  their  system  enabled  the  following:  to  learn  more  about  the  exact  technologies  we  have  used,  .  the  distributed  ledger  technology  has  already  found  .  due  to  its  immutable  nature,  blockchain  became  an  excellent  candidate  for  data  recording,  storage,  and  exchanges.  supply  chain  management,  in  particular,  benefits  as  blockchain  can  streamline  and  secure  transaction  flow,  as  well  as  increase  the  visibility  into  operations.
__label__logisticstracking a  single  ledger  can  be  used  to  store  and  exchange  all  the  information  related  to  the  origin,  authenticity,  certifications,  transportation  conditions  and  realtime  locations  of  your  products  and  assets.  this  way  digital  logistics  data  becomes  more  comprehensive  and  allows  you  to  make  more  informed  decisions.  beyond  improving  the  supply  chain,  logistics  and  automotive  industries  can  also  leverage  blockchain  for  predictive  maintenance.  recently,  ,  in  collaboration  with  microsoft  and  viseo,  experimented  with  creating  a  digital  twin  of  its  vehicles,  backed  by  a  blockchain  system.  the  solution  aggregates  data  about  all  the  vehicles  maintenance  events  to  the  vehicles  digital  twin.  this  way
__label__logisticstracking the  data  becomes  fully  traceable,  and  can  be  viewed  by  any  authorized  party  a  technician  in  the  dealership,  insurance  company,  oem,  current  or  future  owner.  such  a  system  can  be  further  adapted  for  predictive  maintenance.  smart  contracts  can  be  used  to  automatically  condition  a  vehicle  for  immediate  maintenance  after  a  certain  event  occurs,  further  automating  the  process.  fleet  management  solutions  can  also  incorporate  blockchain  to  improve  asset  sharing.  the  technology  allows  granting  ultra  secure,  yet  temporary  access  to  a  vehicle  in  a  particular  area  or  distance.  the  controlling  body  chief  manager  can  instantly  trace  who,  when  and  where  used  a
__label__logisticstracking certain  asset  and  automatically  revoke  the  access  key  when  the  usage  time  expires  or  if  the  car  leaves  the  designated  geofence.  read  to  learn  more  about  blockchainbased  systems  for  secure  asset  sharing  in  the  automotive  industry.  the  global  automotive  advanced  driver  assistant  adas  market  is  expected  to  between  20172022.  new  government  safety  regulations  clearly  contribute  to  that  growth,  but  more  importantly,  oems  and  fleet  managers  are  preparing  for  the  arrival  of  semiautonomous  and  ultimately  driverless  trucks.  platooning  is  a  technique  of  linking  convoy  of  trucks  to  into  one  entity  using  connectivity  technology.  a  platoon  of  trucks  can  safely  drive  at
__label__logisticstracking a  high  speed  with  reduced  fuel  usage  and  co2  emissions.  recently  run  on  a  stretch  of  north  carolina  540  known  as  the  triangle  expressway.  volvo  estimated  that  platooning  technique  can  significantly  optimize  truck  fleet  management  operational  costs  and  achieve  up  to  10  of  savings  in  fuel.  adas  software  is  a  central  component  enabling  platooning  and  semiautonomous  driving.  adas  enables  effective  grouping  of  vehicles  so  that  they  could  travel  at  a  short  distance  and  accelerate/brake  simultaneously  per  the  commands  from  a  lead  truck.  sensor  technology  is  integral  as  well  for  developing  new  gen  solutions.  iot  devices,  attached  to  the  vehicle,  can
__label__logisticstracking collect  additional  information  from  the  environment  road  conditions,  weather,  obstacles,  traffic  etc.  to  further  assist  with  driving.  mckinsey  predicts  that  in  two  years,  the  industry  will  switch  to  driverless  platooning.  fleet  control  will  be  performed  by  the  driver  sitting  in  the  lead  truck,  while  connected  vehicles  will  be  unmanned.  driverless  platooning  can  reduce  the  tco  for  a  fleet  manager  for  another  10  and  trim  the  labor  costs.  help  making  sense  of  big  data  in  logistics  and  fleet  management.  beyond  powering  all  sorts  of  analytics  and  fleet  management  services,  ai  is  also  taking  a  new  role  as  the  drivers  safety  assistant.
__label__logisticstracking the  connected  vehicles,  equipped  with  engine  electronics,  cameras,  sensors  and  iot  devices,  already  tell  you  how  the  driver  is  performing.  ml  algorithms  can  decipher  the  different  cues  collected  by  those  systems  and  identify  the  common  patterns  of  fatigue  or  otherwise  risky  driver  behavior.  the  collected  patterns  are  sent  to  the  cloud  fleet  management  system  for  analysis,  and  send  updates  to  the  drivers  smartphone  and  onboard  computer.  some  of  the  latest  incabin  devices  also  come  equipped  with  teraflop  processors  similar  to  those  present  in  the  xbox.  such  gadgets  support  computer  vision  and  allow  managers  to  capture  more  complex  patterns  and  risks
__label__logisticstracking from  streamed  hd  video.  for  instance,  the  system  can  instantly  detect  frequent  yawning,  obvious  distraction  and  other  behaviors  like  failing  to  maintain  a  proper  safe  distance  considering  the  road  conditions.  on  an  operational  level,  ai  and  ml  are  helping  logistics  and  transportation  companies  to  overcome  the  amazon  effect.  state  that  they  are  feeling  increased  operational  pressure  due  to  heightened  consumer  expectations  when  it  comes  to  the  speed  of  delivery.  for  logistics  companies  the  final  mile  is  being  redefined  almost  every  day,  forcing  businesses  to  get  more  creative  with  their  operations  freights,  pickups  and  deliveries  need  to  be  scheduled  more  frequently
__label__logisticstracking and  effectively  to  minimize  the  time.  by  relying  on  ai,  businesses  can  dramatically  advance  their  logistics  operations.  dhl  recently  developed  and  deployed  an  mlbased  tool  for  predicting  air  freight  transit  time  delays  and  enabling  proactive  action.  by  analyzing  58  different  data  points,  the  system  can  predict  the  average  daily  transit  time  for  any  given  lane  up  to  a  week  in  advance.  additionally,  the  solution  can  circle  out  the  major  factors  affecting  shipment  delays,  both  temporal  e.g.  departure  day  or  operational  e.g.  airline  ontime  performance.  such  insights  allow  you  to  plan  ahead  your  operations  and  ensure  smooth  and  timely  deliveries  despite
__label__logisticstracking the  obstacles.  looking  ahead,  digital  transformation  in  automotive,  logistics  and  transportation  industries  will  only  accelerate.  favorable  legislation  for  semiautonomous  driving  is  now  under  approval  in  the  us  and  eu  markets.  the  falling  costs  of  sensor  technology  and  the  rising  commoditization  of  ai,  ml  and  blockchain  technologies  are  prompting  more  businesses  to  innovate.  to  learn  how  to  apply  the  new  technologies  to  your  business,  .  our  company  has  been  a  trusted  automotive  partner  for  several  major  automotive  brands  and  has  handson  experience  with  developing  and  deploying  both  pilot  and  productionready  blockchain,  ai  and  iot  projects.  2019,  infopulse.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking we  will  see  applications  of  iot  for  real  monitoring  indoor,  outdoor,  and  intransit  of  goods  and  assets  worldwide.  these  use  cases  can  be  applied  across  many  industry  segments.  you  will  see  how  iot  extends  an  enterprise  supply  chain  by  providing  shipment  visibility.  why  this  is  critical  for  tracing  highvalue  items  for  many  businesses  ranging  from  food,  cars,  construction  equipment  to  medicines  and  hospital  equipment.  we  will  provide  samples  of  products  currently  out  on  the  market  that  has  gone  through  many  proofofconcept  poc  trials  with  many  customers.  realworld  stories  of  how  iot  is  intended  to  improve  the  everyday  lives  of  people
__label__logisticstracking like  you  and  me.  target  audience:  intermediate  level  folks  that  have  some  knowledge  of  iot  and  interested  in  learning  how  to  apply  this  technology.  this  would  also  be  appropriate  for  product  designers  and  data  scientists  to  see  what  to  build  and  why,  and  of  course  the  need  for  interpreting  data.  the  audience  will  take  away  three  key  items:  real  examples  of  iot  devices  providing  realtime  visibility  to  an  enterprise  supply  chain.  what  this  means  for  improving  your  business.  how  iot  device  data  change  how  a  company  protects  and  promotes  their  business  to  their  customers.  examples  will  include  brand  protection;  cold
__label__logisticstracking chain  monitoring  and  the  impact  of  iot  on  food  and  medicines;  and  finally  product  traceability  anywhere  in  the  world  why  iot  devices  open  up  new  customer  service  opportunity  for  any  business  from  manufacturers  to  shipping  and  delivery  companies.  jim  is  an  experienced  executive  with  over  20  years  in  the  enterprise  software,  life  sciences,  healthcare,  and  manufacturing  industry.  he  leads  the  tsystems  north  america  healthcare  and  life  sciences  vertical.  he  has  been  engaging  with  clients  on  digital  transformation  through  numerous  projects  leveraging:  cloud,  big  data,  and  iot.  he  has  a  background  and  experience  in  clinical  development;  supply  chain  management;  manufacturing;  crm
__label__logisticstracking sales  and  service;  iot;  big  data  /  analytics;  cloud  computing;  blockchain,  and  regulatory  standards.  he  is  leading  the  effort  for  applying  iot  for  various  businesses  that  use  sap,  oracle  and  microsoft  solutions.  enduser,  enterprise,  small  /  medium  enterprise  cloud,  security,  mobile,  infrastructure  cxo,  vp  /  director,  business  line  management,  operations  intermediate  manufacturing,  industrials,  consumer,  pharmaceutical  /  biotech,  automotive  join  the  iot  community  at  session  abstract:  5g  networks  can  become  the  catalyst  for  realising  the  potential  of  smart  factories  and  keith  frederick  cso  chief  security  officer  of  iot  community  gold  member  rignet,  is  a  recognized  security
__label__logisticstracking location  tracking  and  asset  management  have  been  among  the  earliest  sector  to  see  widespread  adoption  of  first  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  and  now  internet  of  things  iot  applications.  the  reasons  behind  this  are  the  relative  maturity  of  these  markets  and  the  clear  need  to  track  and  manage  assets  in  deployment.  for  example,  theres  a  clear  business  case  for  tracking  the  location  of  a  high  value  asset  such  as  an  item  of  heavy  equipment.  with  dollar  values  in  the  hundreds  of  thousands  and  a  wellestablished  leasing  business  model  tracking  an  excavator  is  both  a  logical  and  productive  activity  for  an  asset  owner
__label__logisticstracking to  engage  in.  however,  the  nature  of  the  industries  these  types  of  assets  are  deployed  in  means  that  global  coverage  is  required  and  often  this  is  in  areas  where  cellular  coverage  is  patchy  or  nonexistent.  at  this  end  of  the  market,  satellite  communications  have  been  routinely  used  to  track  asset  locations.  however,  the  market  is  now  maturing  to  do  more  with  that  connectivity  than  simply  present  a  flashing  location  icon  on  a  map.  now,  the  data  connection  can  be  used  to  monitor  the  performance  of  the  excavator,  log  the  hours  that  it  has  been  used  or  enable  predictive  maintenance.  importantly,
__label__logisticstracking the  connectivity  enables  new  business  models  for  the  excavator  industry.  instead  of  using  iot  to  monitor  the  excavator,  the  owner  or  manufacturer  can  harness  iot  to  enable  servitization.  where  once,  a  mining  company  might  lease  excavators  on  a  monthly  basis,  they  can  now  pay  per  scoop  of  a  bucket  or  per  hour  of  operation.  such  new  models  enable  greater  flexibility  for  customer  organisations  and  allow  device  owners  and  makers  to  ensure  maximised  uptime  because  they  can  get  a  clear  picture  of  how  the  equipment  is  being  used  and  when  it  will  need  maintenance  or  replacement  parts.  this  has  high  value
__label__logisticstracking benefits  to  equipment  operators  because  downtime  in  a  mining  operation  has  a  far  greater  cost  per  hour  than  the  cost  of  leasing  an  excavator.  the  business  case  here  is  easy  to  identify  but  only  more  recently  have  increasing  volumes  of  lower  value  assets  become  possible  to  be  location  tracked  and  asset  managed.  the  decreasing  cost  of  electronics  in  the  form  of  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  forms  of  satellite,  cellular  and  low  power  wide  area  networks  lpwan  is  opening  up  new  markets  at  the  same  time  as  more  efficient  systems  and  software  are  coming  to  market  that  enable  more  to
__label__logisticstracking be  done  with  data  collected  from  sensors  integrated  into  assets.  this  has  resulted  in  the  technology  being  applied  to  shipping  containers,  road  haulage  and  other  vehicle  tracking.  however,  the  reduced  costs  involved,  especially  in  relation  to  lpwan  networks,  although  cellular  capacity  will  also  cost  cents  per  month  for  some  applications,  are  enabling  tracking  of  assets  of  relatively  low  value.  cows  and  bicycles  are  routinely  cited  as  trackable  assets  by  the  vendor  community.  this  will  see  larger  volumes  of  assets  tracked  and  managed  than  ever  before.  overall,  we  expect  annual  shipments  of  asset  tracking  iot  devices  to  grow  from  22  million
__label__logisticstracking to  70  million  by  2022,  said  joe  madden,  the  principal  analyst  at  research  firm  mobile  experts  llc.  whats  more,  about  half  of  these  devices  will  send  data  through  a  cloudbased  service  provider,  driving  service  revenue  growth  from  us2.2bn  in  2016  to  us7.5bn  in  2022.  the  report  emphasises  that  lpwan  connectivity  adoption  is  taking  off,  encompassing  the  various  different  lpwa  technologies.  in  2017,  the  report  says,  approximately  ten  million  narrowbandiot  nbiot  equipped  bicycles  were  deployed  in  china  this  and  lora  devices  will  be  found  on  pallets,  trucks,  fork  lift  trucks  and  other  key  assets.  hospitals  that  use  wifi  to  track  major
__label__logisticstracking assets  will  have  new  options  for  tracking  medicines,  organs  and  other  highly  critical  items.  in  addition,  cattle  ranchers  can  increase  yield  by  1020  by  preventing  theft,  injury  or  other  problems  with  their  herd.  maddens  expectations  are  borne  out  by  a  study  by  abi  research  which  projects  the  market  will  reach  500  million  tracked  things  by  2023.  the  firm  says  lowcost,  batterypowered  tracker  devices  that  are  integrated  with  connectivity,  cloud  storage  and  software  platforms  will  provide  seamless  visibility  of  assets  to  multiple  stakeholders  across  a  supply  chain.  simple  lowcost  lpwaenabled  asset  tracking  solutions  will  transform  the  supply  chain  and  logistics  industry
__label__logisticstracking the  way  smart  meters  are  transforming  the  energy  and  water  distribution  industry,  said  adarsh  krishnan,  a  principal  analyst  at  abi  research,  who  added  that  logistics  companies  have  been  early  adopters  of  asset  tracking  solutions  driven  by  life  sciences  and  healthcare  customers  because  of  strict  regulations  and  the  need  to  mitigate  supply  chain  risks,  especially  in  the  transportation  of  sensitive  and  highvalue  biomedical  assets.  intermodal  refrigerators  containers  used  in  cold  chain  applications  have  already  witnessed  connectivity  adoption  and  krishnan  expects  connectivity  adoption  in  dry  containers,  which  accounts  for  nearly  90  of  total  container  fleet  in  the  world,  to  follow.  in  addition,
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  solutions  will  have  the  most  impact  on  tool  and  heavy  equipment  rental  companies  with  over  45  penetration  of  rental  inventory  by  2023.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned
__label__logisticstracking from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__logisticstracking industry  depends  on  a  perfectly  tuned  supplychain  and  logistics  engine  and  managing  the  fleet  and  various  assets.  iot  is  bringing  safety,  costeffectiveness,  and  fuel  efficiency  into  fleet  operations.  we  help  you  develop  smarter  supply  chain  management  solutions.  we  specialize  in  developing  robust  and  scalable  iot  architecture  for  connecting  various  assets  including  sensors,  containers,  equipment,  vehicles,  and  people.  with  our  solutions,  companies  can  track  and  manage  the  entire  logistics  infrastructure  effortlessly  and  efficiently.  route  management  fuel  management  preventive  maintenance  green  operations  driver  and  vehicle  safety  realtime  monitoring  click  here  to  download  our  enterprise  iot  data  sheet  this  ebook  should  help  you
__label__logisticstracking with  iot  2017  ecosystem,  advancements  in  iot  with  technologies  involved,  industry  challenges  in  iot  implementations,  major  iot  industry  use  cases,  key  iot  players  and  partnerships  with  their  respective  products  and  platforms,  iot  2020  predictions  from  10  global  research  bodies,  iot  investments  landscape  and  future,  and  more  in  this  podcast  you  can  get  more  information  about  the  overview  of  iot  and  industry  4.0  and  calsofts  take  on  it  with  the  help  of  below  topics:  interoperability,  information  transparency,  technical  assistance,  decentralized  decision  calsoft  is  isv  preferred  product  engineering  services  partner  in  storage,  networking,  virtualization,  cloud,  iot  and  analytics  domains.  our  solution  accelerators
__label__logisticstracking and  frameworks  augment  gotomarket  plans  and  expedite  product  launches  to  meet  customer  business  goals.  with  the  us  headquarters  in  san  jose  and  india  headquarters  in  pune,  calsoft  also  has  a  presence  in  bangalore.  this  site  uses  functional  cookies  and  external  scripts  to  improve  your  experience.  this  site  uses  functional  cookies  and  external  scripts  to  improve  your  experience.  which  cookies  and  scripts  are  used  and  how  they  impact  your  visit  is  specified  on  the  left.  you  may  change  your  settings  at  any  time.  your  choices  will  not  impact  your  visit.  these  settings  will  only  apply  to  the  browser  and  device  you
__label__logisticstracking this  article  is  courtesy  of  techrepublic  premium.  for  more  content  like  this,  as  well  as  a  full  library  of  ebooks  and  whitepapers,  sign  up  for  premium  today.  read  more  about  it  .  the  number  and  variety  of  enterprise  iot  initiatives  are  growing,  but  gartner  says  most  businesses  are  still  holding  back.  here  are  some  compelling  use  cases  and  what  companies  can  take  away  from  them.  in  a  2015  survey  conducted  by  gartner,  only  29  of  respondents  were  using  iotbut  gartner  predicted  that  by  the  start  of  2017,  .  among  were  data  center  monitoring  and  automation,  supply  chain  and  inventory  management,
__label__logisticstracking facility  management,  personalized  advertising,  asset  management,  security  monitoring  and  surveillance,  and  patient  monitoring.  but  beyond  this  range  of  iot  projects,  a  majority  of  companies  still  had  either  formative  plans  or  no  plans  to  implement  iot.  with  all  of  the  hype  about  iot,  why  are  some  organizations  moving  slowly?  some  companies  simply  dont  see  a  need  for  iot  in  their  operations;  others  are  concerned  about  the  changes  that  the  technology  might  create  in  business  processes  that  have  worked  relatively  wellprocesses  everyone  understands.  in  other  cases,  companies  feel  that  they  simply  dont  have  the  bandwidth  or  the  expertise  to  address  iot  or
__label__logisticstracking that  investing  in  iot  would  create  a  budgetary  strain.  download  this  article  and  thousands  of  whitepapers  and  ebooks  from  our  premium  library.  enjoy  expert  it  analyst  briefings  and  access  to  the  top  it  professionals,  all  in  an  adfree  experience.  the  bottom  line  here  is  that  many  companies  still  need  to  be  convinced  of  iots  benefits.  for  iot  promoters,  then,  the  task  is  to  show  how  iot  really  helps  companies  and  just  what  the  payoff  is.  here  are  five  realworld  examples  of  beneficial  iot  at  work.  for  years  the  food  and  grocery  industry  has  done  track  and  trace,  but  the  problem
__label__logisticstracking was  that  the  information  wasnt  necessarily  visible  to  all  parties,  said  frederick  wu,  president  and  founder  of  ,  which  provides  iot  cold  chain  solutions.  without  this  visibility,  it  is  difficult  to  track  so  you  can  prevent  something  from  happening,  and  this  costs  companies  money.  if  a  customer  returns  a  head  of  lettuce  to  a  retailer  because  it  spoils,  it  is  possible  that  its  shelf  life  was  reduced  because  it  wasnt  property  refrigerated  at  some  point  along  the  supply  chainbut  you  have  to  know  where  the  problem  occurred  if  youre  going  to  take  meaningful  steps  to  avoid  waste  in  the  future.
__label__logisticstracking wu  and  others  maintain  that  theyre  getting  less  goods  spoilage  and  greater  profit  margins  because  of  iots  ability  to  monitor  perishable  goods.  logistics  companies  can  now  plan  best  routes  for  drivers,  monitor  in  real  time  the  location  of  any  vehicle,  redeploy  trucks  on  alternate  routes  when  changes  in  transportation  plans  occur,  and  even  monitor  truck  braking,  engine  performance,  etc.,  to  assess  whether  drivers  are  driving  safely  and  fuel  consciously.  all  this  data  is  collected  by  iot  sensors  that  automatically  transmit  back  to  headquarters.  this  saves  drivers  from  making  out  logging  reports  and  also  gives  a  single  pane  of  glass  view
__label__logisticstracking of  all  logistics  routes  to  managers  at  hq  at  a  given  point  in  time.  the  practice  has  reduced  carbon  footprints  for  transportation  companies  in  their  sustainability  practices,  which  many  of  their  customers  demand  to  see  as  part  of  the  vendor  evaluation  process.  iot  has  improved  driver  monitoring  and  ontime  deliveries,  as  well.  on  the  bottom  line,  and  given  food  and  transportation  companies  a  competitive  advantagekey  factors,  since  fuel  can  account  for  10  of  the  total  cost  of  a  consumer  product.  in  melbourne,  australia,  on  trams  to  detect  when  rails  and/or  tram  components  are  beginning  to  fail.  when  they  detect  potential
__label__logisticstracking issues,  they  send  out  crews  to  perform  preventive  maintenance  to  keep  the  trams  running  without  interruptions  to  customers.  should  there  be  an  interruption  in  service,  the  system  also  autoissues  warnings  and  recommendations  for  alternate  routes  to  the  mobile  devices  of  commuters.  the  practices  build  customer  satisfaction  and  keep  the  trams  running.  tram  punctuality  and  service  delivery  are  always  a  priority  at  yarra  trams,  said  neil  roberts,  director  of  ict  at  yarra  trams.  access  to  this  important  information  enables  operations  teams  to  ensure  our  fleet  regularly  exceeds  punctuality  and  service  delivery  goals.  often  faced  with  dangerous  and  inaccessible  locations  they  must
__label__logisticstracking explore  and  evaluate,  mining  companies  have  begun  relying  on  iotequipped  drones  to  survey  these  difficulttoaccess  areas.  this  eliminates  the  expense  and  the  risk  of  sending  out  an  ontheground  team  of  human  surveyors.  data  gets  reported,  consolidated,  and  analyzed  sooner,  and  surveyor  field  hours  are  conserved.  together,  these  savings  contribute  to  leaner  operations  and  faster  times  to  actionable  data.  fertilizer  is  a  major  cost  factor  for  farmers,  concerning  them  almost  as  much  as  the  weather.  now,  fertilizer  spreaders  equipped  with  iot  can  use  software  when  spreading  a  field.  this  iotgis  geographic  information  system  technology  autodetects  when  soil  types  or  other  natural
__label__logisticstracking outcroppings  within  each  field  require  different  fertilizer  mixes  for  optimal  crop  yield.  the  spreader  takes  this  information  and  makes  an  automatic  adjustment  to  the  mix.  in  eastern  north  carolina,  the  fields  tend  to  be  poorly  drained,  so  there  are  many  open  surface  ditches  to  facilitate  drainage  and  the  fields  tend  to  be  long  and  narrow,  said  carl  crozier,  professor  of  crop  and  soil  science  and  extension  specialist  at  ncsu.  consequently,  when  planning  out  a  grid  for  fertilization,  these  ditches  have  to  be  planned  for  as  the  fertilization  driving  pattern  is  mapped  out.  how  can  companies  on  the  iot  sidelines  learn
__label__logisticstracking refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  the  transportation  industry  is  the  secondlargest  segment  investing  in  the  ,  spending  approximately  78  billion  from  2016.  a  small  portion  of  this  investment  goes  in  monitoring  the  fleet  management.  the  iot  in  smart  transportation  has  rapidly  changed  the  trucking  industry  with  the  help  of  mobile  and  connectivity  advancements.  smart  gadgets  are  playing  the  vital  role  as  they  carry  out  the  important  operations  and  make  work  more  efficient  and  safer  to  use.  to  make  trucking  a  more  effective  system,  iot  has  made  everything  possible
__label__logisticstracking from  effective  road  safety  issues  to  the  monitoring  of  the  systems  in  fleet  management.  as  70  percent  of  all  freight  transportation  is  done  via  trucks,  the  american  trucking  association  stresses  that  the  trucking  business  is  a  major  part  of  the  u.s.  economy.  through  iot,  we  are  getting  closer  to  a  future  where  autonomous  trucks  will  become  reality.  biz4intellia,  an  endtoend  iot  solution  provider,  has  come  up  with  the  best  salient  features  in  transportation  in  the  following  way:  business  leaders  look  for  realtime  fleet  information  so  that  they  can  reap  business  benefits  to  making  intelligent  decisions  realtime.  the  fleet  management  technology
__label__logisticstracking is  slowly  and  gradually  getting  adopted  with  the  improvements  in  operational  efficiency,  maintenance  cost,  fuel  consumption,  regulatory  compliance,  and  speed  up  accident  response.  gps  tracking,  geofencing,  customized  dashboards,  and  realtime  business  decisions  are  some  of  the  key  features  fleet  management  offers.  public  transit  systems  offer  many  benefits  to  passengers.  but,  tracking  the  realtime  location  of  the  vehicle  and  knowing  when  it  will  arrive  at  a  particular  stop  was  always  a  challenge.  as  realtime  tracking  of  the  vehicle  is  possible  with  the  help  of  ,  the  data  that  is  tracked  is  sent  to  an  engineer  or  to  a  central  system  and,
__label__logisticstracking then,  to  an  internetenabled  mobile  device.  the  internet  of  things  has  eradicated  all  the  challenges  that  were  faced  in  a  public  transit  system  and  has  enabled  rerouting  features  to  help  people  make  alternate  arrangements  as  realtime  tracking  of  the  vehicle  is  easily  done.  iot  in  transportation  has  smart  inventory  management  that  acts  as  a  catalyst  telling  the  realtime  information  across  the  warehouse,  distribution,  and  production  center,  which  reduces  the  cost  of  inventory  and  improves  the  predictive  maintenance.  smart  inventory  management  systems  have  lowered  the  inventory  cost  and  reduced  the  management  errors  of  the  inventory.  the  quality  and  depth  of  data
__label__logisticstracking from  iot  sensors  and  systems  have  strengthened  the  legalized  inventory  management  system.  iot  in  transportation  enables  the  asset  tracking  feature,  which  keeps  track  of  the  physical  assets  and  their  information,  like  location,  status,  etc.  with  biz4intellia,  an  endtoend  iot  solution  provider,  one  can  track  the  realtime  location  of  their  truck  and  can  know  how  much  load  there  is  on  the  trailer  of  the  respective  truck.  not  only  this,  but  the  latitude  and  longitude  of  an  asset  can  also  be  known  by  iot  in  transportation.  the  advanced  analytics  tracks  all  the  devices  like  sensors,  axels,  and  tells  about  the  threshold  and
__label__logisticstracking tolerance  of  the  device.  iot  in  the  transportation  industry  has  come  up  with  an  advanced  form  of  gps,  i.e.  geofencing.  it  captures  the  location  of  an  asset  or  device  with  the  coordinates  of  a  particular  area.  geofencing  helps  in  starting  the  automated  tasks.  iot  in  the  transportation  industry  is  the  most  benefitted  from  geofencing.  it  allows  you  to  receive  alerts  when  a  driver  deviates  from  the  prescribed  path,  as  it  can  bring  delay  in  delivery  time  and  cause  accidental  loss.  this  technology  has  manifested  the  paper  logs  as  it  came  up  with  a  digital  and  cloudbased  monitoring  system  that  tells
__label__logisticstracking about  realtime  data  of  the  truck.  increased  transparency  and  accountability  has  made  the  iot  in  transportation  more  costeffective  and  reduced  time.  the  internet  of  things  has  changed  the  business  performance  of  many  organizations  and  is  predicted  to  cut  the  emissions  from  trucks  in  the  u.s.  by  25  percent.  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__logisticstracking iot  solutions  for  asset  monitoring  add  automation  and  intelligence  to  asset  management  and  asset  tracking  operations.  by  attaching  or  embedding  an  iot  sensor  to  things  such  as  vehicles,  shipping  containers,  or  medical  devices,  companies  can  actively  monitor  assetspecific  information  on  a  predetermined  basis.  the  use  cases  for  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  are  incredibly  broad,  and  the  insights  and  control  they  provide  offer  significant  benefits.  regulatory  demands  and  competitive  pressures  have  influenced  an  increasing  number  of  organizations  to  implement  connected  asset  monitoring  solutions.  however,  many  organizations  are  constrained  by  an  overabundance  of  fragmented  services  and  tools  that  result  in  iot  complexity.
__label__logisticstracking as  an  independent,  expert  advisor  with  nearly  two  decades  of  iot  knowledge  and  experience,  kore  is  positioned  to  help  customers  simplify  and  manage  the  entire  iot  deployment  lifecycle  to  successfully  implement  asset  monitoring  solutions.  with  our  technologyagnostic  approach,  we  can  help  you  maximize  the  value  of  your  iot  investment  by  enabling  iot  solutions  that  generate  visibility  into  asset  status,  ensure  optimal  asset  performance,  and  ultimately  increase  asset  value  to  impact  the  bottom  line.  in  the  face  of  overwhelming  iot  complexity,  kore  understands  that  each  business  has  its  own  asset  monitoring  solution  requirements.  this  is  why  we  take  a  complete,  endtoend
__label__logisticstracking approach  for  deploying,  managing,  and  maintaining  iot  solutions  that  produce  insights  and  deliver  value  to  your  business.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  fleet  management,  fleet  managers  benefit  from  access  to  centralized,  vital  insights  into  specific  areas  of  vehicle  diagnostics  and  driver  performance.  with  access  to  data  regarding  the  specific  status  of  fleet  vehicles  and  drivers,  businesses  can  effectively  obtain  regulatory  compliance  for  hos,  improve  driver  behavior,  and  build  maintenance  analytics  to  prevent  unexpected  vehicle  repairs.  in  the  iot  healthcare  space,  outpatient  monitoring  solutions  can  be  implemented  to  continuously  monitor  the  performance  of  medical  devices  and  ensure  optimal  functionality
__label__logisticstracking and  availability.  with  realtime  monitoring  of  patient  biometrics  via  these  connected  medical  devices,  healthcare  providers  can  implement  accurate,  preventative  care  and  facilitate  selfcare  education  to  improve  patient  outcomes  and  quality  of  care.  with  asset  monitoring  solutions,  logistics  and  supply  chain  managers  can  continuously  monitor  temperature  levels  for  perishable  foods  and  other  items  to  maintain  quality  and  remotely  troubleshoot  and  resolve  issues  should  they  arise.  with  constant  access  to  container  data,  logistics  companies  can  reduce  waste,  eliminate  storage  facility  downtime,  and  improve  operational  efficiencies.  industrial  organizations  can  continuously  monitor  equipment  to  ensure  optimal  functionality  and  availability,  and  remotely  troubleshoot  and  resolve
__label__logisticstracking issues  should  anomalies  be  detected.  with  constant  access  to  equipment  data,  industrial  companies  can  reduce  costs  and  improve  efficiencies  by  maintaining  equipment  health  to  eliminate  unplanned  downtime.  construction  managers  can  leverage  iot  equipment  monitoring  to  ensure  worker  safety,  operational  efficiency,  and  inventory  control.  by  remotely  monitoring  and  troubleshooting  issues  before  they  arise,  construction  teams  can  mitigate  negative  impacts  to  equipment  health,  improving  both  bottomline  costs  and  operational  uptime.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  auto  insurance  customers,  insurers  can  accurately  monitor  and  measure  factors  such  as  driving  frequency,  speed,  acceleration,  and  braking  to  develop  personalized  policy  agreements.  with  customized,
__label__logisticstracking safetybased  insurance  rates,  insurance  organizations  can  better  service  customers  while  encouraging  safer  driver  behavior  and  reducing  insurance  claim  costs.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  vehicle  telematics,  automakers  can  add  value  for  their  customers  by  offering  access  to  centralized,  vital  insights  into  specific  areas  of  vehicle  diagnostics.  with  access  to  data  regarding  the  specific  status  of  their  vehicles,  customers  benefit  from  preventative  maintenance,  automatic  safety  alerts,  and  ultimately  an  extension  of  their  vehicles  life.  enable  roaming  to  400  carriers  and  coverage  in  180  countries  worldwide  with  connectivity  from  top  cellular  and  satellite  providers.  streamline  enterprise  operations  with  the  right
__label__logisticstracking mix  of  turnkey,  managed  hardware  from  leading  oems.  realize  efficiencies  with  procurement,  staging,  kitting,  and  provisioning  for  comprehensive  tablet  and  wearablebased  solutions.  enhance  your  iot  solution  outcomes  with  locationbased  services  and  centralized  application  enablement.  implement,  manage,  and  maintain  a  successful  iot  solution  from  strategy  development  to  endoflife  disposition.  recent  blogs  11.22.2019  iot  potential  is  as  limitless  as  its  platform  11.15.2019  global  iot  expansion  simplified  news  10.22.2019  kore  unlocks  the  learning  potential  of  iot  and  sustainability  at  mobile  world  congress  10.22.2019  kore  introduces  new  platform  to  enable  innovative  iot  connectivity,  solutions,  analytics  services  events  april  1  april  3,  2020  field  service
__label__logisticstracking management  2020  may  12  may  13,  2020  field  service  connect  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  2019  kore  wireless
__label__logisticstracking companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__logisticstracking by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__logisticstracking keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__logisticstracking task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__logisticstracking total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__logisticstracking and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__logisticstracking logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__logisticstracking and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__logisticstracking idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__logisticstracking with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__logisticstracking urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__logisticstracking also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__logisticstracking videos  visual  explanations  of  how  the  sigfox  technology  can  be  used.  brochure  download  this  materials  to  learn  more  in  depth  about  some  of  our  best  use  cases.  want  to  know  more  about  sigfoxs  best  use  cases?  take  a  look  at  these  brochures.  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required
__label__logisticstracking message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  email  required  phone  required  type  subject  required  message  name  required  country  required  email  required  subject  required  attachment  message
__label__logisticstracking tracking  devices  is  a  primary  function  of  an  it  asset  management  itam  program.  but  as  organizations  become  more  dependent  on  mobile  it  environments,  how  do  practitioners  find  reliable  ways  to  track  those  assets  when  they  are  literally  on  the  move?  several  industries  already  are  using  a  lesserknown  feature  of  an  evolving  technology  to  chase  down  those  traveling  assets.  the  internet  of  things  iot  gives  asset  managers  an  arsenal  of  powerful  tools  that  can  tell  them  more  about  their  assets  in  transit  than  theyd  ever  thought  possible.  the  iot  is  a  combination  of  computers,  machines,  and  other  devices  that  talk  to
__label__logisticstracking each  other  over  the  internet  protocol  ip.  its  the  same  technology  that  hosts  the  world  wide  web,  but  these  devices  arent  meant  to  help  a  user  send  friend  requests  on  facebook.  instead,  they  use  the  ip  to  collect,  store,  and  share  data  without  the  need  of  human  intervention.  with  the  iot,  asset  managers  not  only  can  track  the  location  of  assets,  but  also  get  information  about  their  environment:  temperature,  light  exposure,  evidence  of  human  or  animal  tampering,  and  even  their  interaction  with  other  assets.  to  get  an  idea  of  just  how  powerful  the  iot  tracking  technology  can  be,  take  a
__label__logisticstracking look  at  these  four  industries  that  are  using  the  iot  to  keep  up  with  their  nomadic  assets.  as  cool  as  it  may  be  to  have  a  dripping  ice  cream  cone  on  a  hot  summers  day,  warm  temperatures  often  leave  dairy  companies  out  in  the  cold.  transporting  frozen  treats  across  a  hot  terrain  takes  more  than  just  a  refrigerated  van.  the  freezer  systems  need  to  be  able  to  respond  to  changes  in  temperature  to  ensure  the  dairy  delights  stay  stone  cold.  using  the  iot,  companies  can  find  out  exactly  when  the  temperature  drops  enough  to  start  making  the  ice  cream  sweat
__label__logisticstracking and  precisely  where  that  happened.  with  the  right  adjustments,  the  iot  helps  those  icy  assets  stay  that  way.  tracking  mobile  assets  can  be  a  headache,  but  not  tracking  them  could  cause  a  fever.  heat,  light,  and  humidity  are  just  some  of  the  environmental  factors  that  can  make  a  good  drug  go  bad.  and  while  an  it  asset  manager  might  be  worried  about  a  cyber  virus,  catching  the  real  kind  can  be  fatal  for  some  people.  prescription  medications  and  vaccines  need  to  be  transported  in  stable  environments  and  sometimes  depending  on  where  they  are  going  under  tight  security.  pharmaceutical  companies  have
__label__logisticstracking begun  using  the  iot  to  find  the  exact  location  of  these  assets  in  transit  in  the  event  that  something  goes  wrong.  plus,  using  the  iot  can  help  prevent  a  drug  meant  to  be  delivered  to  a  real  physician  from  falling  into  the  hands  of  dr.  feel  good.  when  it  comes  to  saving  a  human  life,  you  cant  skip  a  beat.  people  awaiting  vital  organs  for  a  transplant  dont  have  the  time  to  spare  while  their  medical  team  looks  for  those  assets.  the  tracking  features  of  the  iot  can  help  all  of  them  breathe  a  little  easier.  with  the  iot,  medical
__label__logisticstracking staff  can  stay  on  the  pulse  of  organ  delivery  and  get  an  alert  when  the  transport  team  gets  close  to  the  hospital  and  again  as  it  arrives.  this  allows  the  doctors,  nurses,  and  others  involved  in  patient  care  to  mobilize  just  in  time  to  kick  start  that  heart.  what  do  student  exams  have  to  do  with  it  asset  management?  they  both  have  a  lot  of  data  at  stake.  couriers  sometimes  get  an  f  for  losing  entire  bags  of  exam  results.  when  that  happens,  an  exam  board  can  lose  thousands  of  dollars  per  delivery.  but  this  is  one  place  you  might
__label__logisticstracking want  to  look  for  the  answers  online.  the  iot  tracking  device  can  locate  a  lost  bag  so  students  can  get  the  credit  they  deserve.  meanwhile,  if  someone  was  trying  to  cheat  by  opening  the  package  and  looking  inside,  the  iot  can  record  that  information,  too.  with  the  iot,  the  days  of  having  to  physically  account  for  mobile  it  assets  that  are  outside  the  scope  of  a  discovery  tool  could  be  numbered.  although  ediscovery  tools  can  help  find  those  assets  when  they  are  not  on  home  base,  the  technology  only  goes  so  far.  mobile  assets,  such  as  smart  phones,  are  also
__label__logisticstracking hard  to  tag.  a  bar  code  on  the  outside  of  an  assets  case  is  only  good  if  the  case  is  on  the  asset,  and  rfid  devices  have  too  many  parts  and  pieces  for  something  thats  made  to  go  inside  of  a  pocket.  the  iot  can  help  the  mobile  it  asset  manager  keep  accurate  inventory  while  also  keeping  tabs  on  where  in  the  world  that  asset  is.  iaitam  is  committed  to  respecting  and  protecting  your  privacy  rights.  you  can  view  our  policy  .  click  i  agree  if  you  accept  the  policy.  iaitam  is  committed  to  respecting  and  protecting  your  privacy  rights.
__label__logisticstracking you  can  view  our  policy  at  iaitam.org/privacypolicy.  click  save  preferences  if  you  accept  the  policy.  privacy  policy  these  are  necessary  for  our  website  to  function.  cookies  used  these  cookies  are  set  by  google  analytics  and  allow  us  to  track  site  performance  to  provide  you  with  the  best  viewing  experience.  cookies  used  you  must  enable  these  cookies  to  view  vimeo  videos  cookies  used  vimeo.com  these  cookies  allow  sharing  on  your  social  media  profiles.  cookies  used  facebook.com  these  cookies  allow  us  to  serve  advertisements  across  the  web.  cookies  used  appnexus.com  google.com
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  asset  tracking  is  the  process  of  keeping  track  of  your  companys  physical  assets  and  their  information  location,  status,  due  dates,  etc..  depending  on  your  business,  physical  assets  can  mean  different  kinds  of  equipment,  it  devices,  tools,  or  vehicles,  for  example.  the  term  asset  tracking  is  often  used  interchangeably  with  the  term  asset  management  .  the  ultimate  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  simple:  to  save  time  and  money.  tracking  company  assets  provides  invaluable  information  about  asset  usage  who  is  using  what,  where  and  when,  maintenance  and  calibration  schedules,  and  need  for  new  equipment.  the  data  collected  via  asset  tracking
__label__logisticstracking can  be  used  to  support  decision  making,  prevent  losses,  and  maximize  asset  utilization  rates.  various  industries  can  benefit  from  asset  tracking.  however,  the  use  cases  can  vary  depending  on  the  business  domain.  here  are  some  examples:  :  keeping  track  of  commonly  used  tools  across  multiple  work  sites  and  warehouses.  :  indoor  tracking  of  medical  equipment.  :  making  sure  expensive  laboratory  equipment  stays  within  university  campus  area  geofencing.  :  keeping  records  of  leased  equipment  and  generating  customer  invoicing  information  based  on  actual  usage.  there  are  many  ways  to  track  assets.  some  companies  do  it  manually  by  using  pen  and  paper  or
__label__logisticstracking excel  sheets.  however,  the  most  efficient  way  to  track  your  company  assets  is  to  utilize  an  asset  tracking  software  .  better  yet,  deploy  a  solution  that  comes  with  a  mobile  application  and  scannable  asset  tags.  the  mobile  application  lets  you  easily  check  and  update  asset  information  on  the  go.  the  tags,  in  turn,  are  used  to  identify  assets  and  they  act  as  links  between  the  physical  items  and  their  information  in  the  database.  technology  options  for  asset  tags  are  vast:  examples  include  barcodes,  qr  codes,  nfc,  gps,  and  beacons.  this  article  was  originally  posted  on  iotforall.com  on  january  17,  2018.
__label__logisticstracking the  old  way  dedicated  asset  management  solutions  iotenabled  asset  management  solutions  locations:  usage  hours:  warehouse  inventory:  material  flows:  infotrackinno.com  358  44  285  2131  pinninkatu  47  fi33100,  tampere  finland  start  typing  and  press  enter  to  search
__label__logisticstracking one  of  the  most  complex  challenges  large  organizations  face  is  efficiently  keeping  track  of  critical  assets  while  reporting  realtime  item  disposition.  it  is  a  scenario  that,  without  a  reliable,  automated  asset  tracking  system,  often  increases  redundancies,  expenditures  and  labor.  iot  tracking  technologies  vastly  reduce  human  effort  and  error  .  because  rfid,  ble  and  gps  technologies  read  multiple  tags  at  once  without  requiring  a  line  of  sight,  customers  are  able  to  without  scanning  labels  onebyone.  when  tracking  assets  is  easy  to  do,  it  gets  done.  radiants  iot  asset  tracking  solution  consumes  realtime  data  from  thousands  of  rfid  iot  sensors  at  multiple
__label__logisticstracking locations  to  locate  critical  production  and  nonproduction  assets  where  is  it?  and  to  enable  preventative  insights  and  analytics  to  monitor  and  protect  their  health  how  is  it?.  benefits  are  recognized  across  many  departments:  radiants  harnesses  the  latest  in  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  bluetooth  ble  and  gps  technologies  to  locate  assets  in  a  wide  variety  of  environments.  the  time  it  takes  to  conduct  inventory  is  significantly  reduced  while  data  accuracy  is  increased.  everything  from  computers,  smart  devices,  book,  furniture,  vehicles,  and  supplies  can  be  reliably  located.  radiants  vat  platform  is  device  agnostic  integrates  and  works  with  many  different  types  of  sensors
__label__logisticstracking empowering  customers  to  have  a  heterogeneous  sensor  environment  providing  investment  protection  plus  forward  and  backward  compatibility  all  in  a  single  intuitive  system  that  can  quickly  deploy  on  premise  or  as  cloudbased;  in  many  cases  with  little  to  no  infrastructure  required.  our  iot  /  rfid  asset  management  system  integrates  with  erp  systems  like  and  ,  and  delivers  standard  reporting  including:  the  solution  is  utilized  used  by  public  and  private  organizations  to  solve  complex  asset  management  challenges,  including  the  areas  of:  at  radiant,  we  keep  track  of  our  clients  most  valuable  assets.  for  building  safety,  this  may  be  people.  for  large  corporations,
__label__logisticstracking they  are  often  complex  technology  systems  ranging  from  it  devices  and  servers  to  manufacturing  and  heavy  industrial  equipment.as  one  of  the  fastest  growing  in  the  industry,  more  organizations  trust  radiant  with  what  matters  most.  radiants  high  performance  active  and  passive  rf  technology  solutions,  coupled  with  worldclass  service  and  support,  keeps  tabs  on  your  assets  so  you  can  focus  on  everything  else.  the  privacy  shield  program,  which  is  administered  by  ...  radiant  is  pleased  to  announce  commercial  availability  ...  austin,  texas  after  a  comprehensive  qualification  ...  1301  s.  capital  of  texas  hwy.,  suite  a300  austin,  tx  78746  8555460114  inforadiantrfid.com  as  a
__label__logisticstracking leader  among  rfid  and  iot  companies,  we  provide  a  focused,  consultative  and  strategic  approach  to  systems  integration.  our  mission  is  to  develop  reliable,  innovative  and  intuitive  rfid  and  iot  solutions  that  assist  private  and  public  organizations  to  operate  profitably  and  sustainably.
__label__logisticstracking 15  reduced  maintenance  costs  companies  who  monitor  asset  performance  can  prevent  problems  before  they  occur  and  reduce  maintenance  costs  by  15.  40  improved  workplace  utilization  companies  using  fleet  management  services  outperform  their  peers  in  terms  of  workforce  utilization  by  40.  15  reduced  fuel  costs  monitoring  vehicle  fleets  can  help  companies  identify  potential  problems  and  reduce  fuel  costs  by  15.  safetransport  is  using  particle  to  bring  the  field  of  fleet  management  to  the  school  commute.  powered  by  particles  asset  tracker,  administrators  can  now  monitor  drivers  speeds,  identify  which  buses  are  behind  schedule,  communicate  proactively  with  parents,  and  more.  learn  how  particles
__label__logisticstracking platform  enables  companies  to  build  their  own  fleet  management  system.  read  the  blog  post  this  paper  reviews  how  iot  technologies  are  modernizing  operations  in  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry.  read  the  white  paper  this  paper  reviews  major  iot  use  cases  like  remote  monitoring,  preventative  maintenance,  and  more.  read  the  white  paper  particle  is  an  enterprise  iot  platform  that  offers  everything  you  need  to  power  an  iot  product,  from  device  to  cloud.  as  the  most  widely  used  iot  platform,  particles  tools  are  used  by  over  160,000  engineers  in  more  than  170  countries,  and  by  8,500  companies.  particle  2019,  all  rights  reserved
__label__logisticstracking connect  anywhere  and  everywhere  with  cellular  iot,  now  with  lte  support  bring  your  product  online  with  wifi,  ideal  for  indoor  and  smart  home  applications  create  lowpower,  resilient  local  device  networks  with  particle  mesh  a  realtime  operating  system  designed  for  cloudconnected  embedded  hardware  cloud  infrastructure  to  build,  connect,  and  manage  your  iot  device  fleet  a  draganddrop  iot  application  builder  to  create  business  rules  in  the  cloud  welldocumented  and  easytouse  tools  to  supercharge  your  iot  development  build  your  iot  product  from  concept  to  market  with  a  team  of  iot  experts  connect  your  constantly  moving  assets  to  keep  track  of  them  anywhere,  anytime
__label__logisticstracking monitor  machine  performance  to  curtail  maintenance  issues  in  advance  collect  data  with  sensors  to  ensure  your  operations  meet  regulatory  standards  supervise  assets  remotely  to  collect  and  respond  to  environmental  indicators  improve  operating  efficiency  by  optimizing  management  of  raw  materials
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  or  iot  is  the  network  of  physical  things  connected  to  the  internet  by  sensor  devices  that  collect  data  on  objects  and  exchange  information  without  requiring  human  interaction.  iot  involves  internetenabling  devices  beyond  your  standard  computer  and  smartphone.  this  technology  provides  the  ability  to  digitize  a  variety  of  mixed  assets,  which  allows  for  them  to  be  tracked  online.  for  a  device  to  be  iotenabled,  it  needs  to  have  its  own  unique  address  and  the  ability  to  connect  to  the  internet.  some  tracking  solutions,  such  as  the  ,  connect  directly  to  the  internet.  others  connect  via  a  proxy
__label__logisticstracking device,  such  as  when  a  smartphone  is  used  to  capture  .  the  ble  beacon  gives  the  asset  a  unique  address  and  the  app  translates  additional  sensor  information,  such  as  the  time  of  scan  and  location.  iot  leverages  internetenabled  trackers  and  wireless  technologies  such  as  and  to  connect  assets  to  the  internet  of  things.  iot  enables  physical  assets  to  be  tracked  and  managed  virtually  from  anywhere  online.  a  contractor  can  use  a  on  a  cement  mixer,  a  on  small  tools,  a  fleet  tracker  on  pickup  trucks,  and  a  plugin  on  a  piece  of  heavy  equipment  and  connect  them  all  to  the
__label__logisticstracking internet  using  iot  technology.  items  can  be  located  on  a  virtual  map,  assigned  to  jobs,  or  scheduled  for  maintenance.  once  online,  additional  information  such  as  pictures,  past  usage,  and  maintenance  history  can  easily  be  associated  with  each  asset  to  help  prevent  loss,  promote  efficient  utilization,  and  extend  asset  lifetime.  unlike  on  a  spreadsheet,  these  iotenabled  assets  are  now  digitally  managed  and  automatically  updated  with  tracking  information  without  manual  data  entry.  collecting  information  from  an  iot  network  is  useless  without  the  ability  to  analyze  it.  iot  monitoring  solutions  are  typically  paired  with  a  mobile  or  web  interface  to  interpret  the  data
__label__logisticstracking for  human  use.  this  comprehensive  set  of  iot  analysis  tools  can  include  asset  inventory  and  location  tracking,  fleet  telematics,  driver  compliance,  and  maintenance  tracking  for  customizable  and  meaningful  reports  to  make  better  decisions.  typical  asset  types  things  tracker  technology  sensor  data  capture  connectivity  2019  tenna.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking we  work  with  fortune  500/1000  firms,  multinational  companies  and  innovative  product  startups.  we  offer  endtoend  digital  services  and  product  engineering  expertise  across  industry  verticals  to  enterprises,  worldwide.  our  flagship  solutions  improve  productivity,  streamlines  workflow,  achieves  higher  roi  and  reduces  cost.  we  provide  digital  transformation  solutions  across  multiple  industry  verticals.  we  have  published  several  thought  leadership  papers  and  blogs.  we  intend  to  keep  our  readers  informed  with  the  latest  in  digital  technology.  one  of  the  fastest  emerging  digital  transformation  firms.  we  are  proud  to  win  several  awards  and  recognition  from  global  industry  forums.  a  lot  has  been  said  about  ways  in
__label__logisticstracking which  internet  of  things  iot  can  transform  companies.  mind  numbing  figures  in  expected  savings  and  cxo  surveys  showing  that  majority  is  already  investing  or  planning  to  invest  in  iot  make  it  a  must  look  at  initiative.  the  moment  internet  of  things  is  brought  into  an  industrial  perspective;  the  benefits  are  either  in  one  or  more  of  these  realms:  increasing  efficiency,  reducing  cost  or  improving  customer  experience.  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  has  now  become  a  common  word  in  the  enterprise  arena.  the  internet  of  things  is  becoming  a  fast  adopted  technology  solution  which  is  moving  from  the  academia  to  the
__label__logisticstracking industry.  this  is  primarily,  due  to  the  explosion  of  lowcost  sensors,  affordable  connectivity,  scalable  cloud  platforms,  ingestion,  processing  and  storage  capabilities  of  vast  amounts  of  structured/  unstructured  data  by  the  big  data  platforms,  ubiquitous  mobile  applications  and  smart  machine  learning  tools.  technology  companies  and  service  providers  are  increasingly  bombarding  companies  with  innovative  solutions  and  ways  on  how  they  can  connect  things  to  radically  change  their  business  operations.  companies  have  moved  beyond  the  acquaintance  phase  with  internet  of  things  and  are  now  in  the  let  us  try  phase.  this  paper  emphasizes  the  importance  of  a  smart  asset  management  system  in  industrial
__label__logisticstracking iot,  its  advantages  over  a  traditional  solution  and  the  components  of  smart  asset  management  system.  a  common  and  predominant  application  of  the  iiot  seen  across  industries  is  for  physical  asset  management  and  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  a  study  conducted  by  cisco  shows  that  over  the  next  ten  years,  the  potential  bottomline  value  that  can  be  created  as  organizations  harness  iot  solutions  will  be  close  to  8  trillion  dollars  and  25  of  this  or  2.1  trillion  dollars  is  from  asset  utilization.  traditionally  asset  intensive  industries  like  manufacturing,  industrial  machinery,  logistics  and  transportation,  oil  and  gas,  heavy  machinery  and  construction,  equipment  rental,
__label__logisticstracking etc.  are  constrained  by  lack  of  visibility  of  their  assets  and  they  continuously  try  to  track  their  roa.  most  of  these  companies  are  interested  in  monitoring  their  assets,  the  work  each  asset  is  doing,  whether  it  is  being  overworked  or  underutilized,  the  current  location  of  the  asset,  the  lifetime  value  of  the  asset  etc.  a  study  conducted  by  forrester  and  sap  shows  twothirds  of  companies  in  these  sectors  are  using  or  planning  to  use  iotenabled  asset  monitoring  solutions.  the  physical  assets  can  be  categorized  into  different  groups:  human  and  nonhuman,  moving  and  nonmoving,  onpremise  or  field  asset.  the  human  asset
__label__logisticstracking can  be  your  human  resources  like  shop  floor  employees,  sales  executives  and  field  force  personnel.  the  moving  assets  can  be  your  trucks,  train  wagons,  cranes  and  rental  cars.  whereas  the  nonmoving  assets  are  the  huge  machines  in  your  shop  floor,  the  boilers,  long  pipelines,  gas  cylinders,  coolers,  network  towers,  etc.  different  kinds  of  assets  bring  different  challenges  and  different  business  objectives  for  managing  them.  the  manufacturers  of  assets,  oems  have  different  objectives  from  their  asset  management  and  the  operator  or  owner  of  assets  have  different  objectives  from  their  asset  management.  more  often,  the  oems  want  to  monitor  customer  data,  usage
__label__logisticstracking data  and  improve  customer  experience  by  monitoring  their  assets  whereas  the  owner  or  operators  monitor  the  data  from  a  heterogeneous  group  of  assets  they  own,  to  better  manage  and  effectively  utilize  them.  in  this  paper,  most  of  our  asset  management  discussion  will  be  restricted  towards  the  latter  use  case  where  increasing  efficiency  from  a  heterogeneous  mix  of  assets  is  the  primary  objective.  the  matrix  shows  an  indicative  list  of  asset  management/asset  tracking  applications.  traditionally,  owners/operators  of  assets  have  been  using  technology  solutions  to  monitor  their  assets  and  they  have  been  using  separate  operational  technology  solutions  like  scada  systems  for  over
__label__logisticstracking decades  now.  the  asset  management  solutions  range  from  eam  applications,  tracking  solutions  range  from  simple  barcode  or  rfid  solutions  to  gps  solutions  whereas  the  process  or  asset  control  is  predominantly  performed  by  m2m  systems  and  scada  systems.  all  of  these  coexist  in  parallel  inside  an  organization  and  have  been  used  by  different  stakeholders  for  solving  different  purposes.  these  solutions  have  been  providing  information  on  the  current  status,  controlling  a  process,  managing  assets,  plan  maintenance  strategies,  track  locations  and  state  awareness  but  they  have  all  been  focusing  on  standalone  functions,  separate  group  of  stakeholders  and  disparate  processes.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking means  that  the  traditional  solutions,  processes,  workforce,  and  assets  are  made  into  more  cognizant  and  integrated  unit  to  work  as  a  single  strategic  system  enabling  organizations  to  transform  their  operations,  digitally.  traditionally,  these  were  operating  in  silos,  which  have  been  made  into  a  single  all  compassing  smart  solution  with  web,  wireless  and  analytics.  thus,  offering  far  more  advantages  than  the  traditional  solutions.  this  can  be  dubbed  as  the  transformational  technology  which  can  change  the  game  and  disrupt  business  processes.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring  solution  does  everything  that  traditional  solutions  do  like  letting  the  organizations  know  where  the  asset  is,  what
__label__logisticstracking is  the  condition  of  the  asset,  manage  asset  lifecycle,  control  processes,  etc.  also,  it  adds  intelligence  to  automated  workflows,  realtime  alerts,  insights  from  data,  dynamic  edge  control  of  assets,  predictive  maintenance,  crossdomain  analytics  and  realtime  visibility.  iot  smart  asset  management  solution  typically  comprises  the  following:  there  can  be  a  lot  of  derived  solutions  or  variations  of  these  to  make  it  specific  to  an  industry  or  a  business  process.  for  example,  condition  monitoring  can  be  as  simple  as  monitoring  if  a  fuel  storage  tank  is  full  or  not  to  an  extent  where  we  can  monitor  the  level  of  harmful  gases,  employee
__label__logisticstracking vitals  etc.  in  a  hazardous  environment.  one  such  use  of  smart  asset  management  in  a  manufacturing  industry  as  shown  in  figure  3.  most  companies  which  have  assets  on  premise  or  are  spread  across  geographies  have  a  horde  of  problems  to  deal  with.  like  poor  health  of  assets,  excessive  maintenance  costs,  high  mean  time  to  repair,  theft,  pilferage,  underutilization,  under  performance  and  more.  iotenabled  smart  asset  management  brings  in  a  more  holistic  approach  to  asset  management  and  asset  monitoring  rather  than  a  modulebased  approach.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring  provides  the  right  visibility  for  organizations  to  overcome  these  challenges.  the  key  advantage
__label__logisticstracking of  iot  is  the  ability  to  get  to  the  domain  data  and  seamlessly  integrate  it  with  a  unified  solution  so  that  the  management  has  insights  to  make  the  right  decision.  iot  solutions  bring  in  the  inherent  value  of  automation,  innovation,  and  digital  transformation.  traditional  solutions  brought  in  a  lot  of  information  but  lacked  insight.  there  was  a  lot  of  human  involvement,  offline  data  crunching,  and  iterations  to  perform  actions.  the  time  lag  made  lot  of  actions  either  reactive  or  excessive/preventive.  iot  solutions  connect  machine  with  people,  with  processes  and  systems  in  ways  like  never  before.  this  facilitates  automation.  the  human
__label__logisticstracking intervention  is  needed  only  for  decision  making  rather  than  performing  mundane  tasks,  rulebased  preset  actions,  measuring  field  data,  collecting  audit  logs  for  regulatory  compliance.  the  primary  advantage  of  smart  asset  monitoring  is  automating  all  of  this.  thus,  increases  the  accuracy,  reduces  cost,  improves  process  efficiency  and  eliminates  noncompliance.  physical  checks,  routine  tasks  and  periodic  monitoring  can  all  be  reduced  drastically  and  now  be  made  based  on  the  actual  condition  and  usage  of  the  asset.  for  example,  a  leading  telecom  company  is  using  iot  based  smart  asset  monitoring  solution  to  automatically  adjust  antenna  alignments  and  has  reduced  ownership  costs  by  eliminating
__label__logisticstracking unnecessary  manual  trips  to  the  telecom  tower  sites.  the  possibilities  of  bringing  in  innovative  valueadd  with  smart  asset  management  is  endless.  data  analytics  at  the  edge  help  realtime  and  near  realtime  decision  making  with  the  help  of  machine  learning  and  other  advanced  intelligence.  data  from  multiple  machines  integrated  with  information  about  the  product  usage  can  unlock  new  insights  which  were  never  seen  before.  this  will  enable  the  management  to  come  up  with  innovative  decisions  and  solutions  to  face  the  common  challenges  that  their  business  has  been  facing  for  many  years.  for  example,  a  company  called  sharper  shape  is  using  drones
__label__logisticstracking and  machine  learning  as  a  part  of  their  asset  monitoring  to  watch  the  trees  that  are  in  the  risk  of  falling  into  power  lines  to  proactively  avoid  disruption.  digital  age  businesses  are  transforming  themselves  to  uniquely  combine  product  and  service  to  offer  their  product  as  a  service.  an  iot  solution  like  smart  asset  management  is  a  key  to  bring  in  new  service  lines  or  new  business  models  into  the  company.  traditionally,  the  companys  physical  assets  which  were  seen  as  a  cost  or  a  burden  in  the  balance  sheet  can  now  be  effectively  managed  to  bring  in  additional  revenue.  with  more
__label__logisticstracking data,  control  and  insight  a  company  is  able  to  look  at  trends  where  they  can  identify  new  market  opportunities.  capitalizing  on  those  opportunities  can  bring  in  more  revenues  to  the  company.  figure  4  shows  the  value  chain  of  data  that  can  transform  organizations  and  move  from  their  existing  technology  to  become  a  smart  and  cognitive  organization.  for  example,  a  leading  crane  company  based  in  the  united  states  was  previously  offering  their  crane  rental  services  for  days  or  months.  with  smart  asset  iot  solution,  they  are  looking  at  enabling  lifting  as  a  service  for  their  customers  where  customers  can  pay  for
__label__logisticstracking the  load  they  want  to  lift  rather  than  paying  it  for  the  entire  day/month.  the  company  as  well  can  have  better  control  over  the  equipment  usage  and  can  get  more  revenue  from  usage  of  the  cranes.  the  internet  of  things  is  here  to  stay.  smart  asset  management  is  a  new  generation  concept  and  a  comprehensive  enterprise  asset  management  application.  it  proves  to  be  successful  in  enabling  asset  owners  to  manage  and  maintain  their  plant,  facilities,  and  equipment  in  a  much  more  efficient  manner.  smart  solutions  like  smart  asset  management  will  be  disruptive  in  nature.  leaders  of  organizations  have  little  choice
__label__logisticstracking either  to  get  onboard  proactively  or  be  forced  to  adopt  by  the  competition  or  to  be  disrupted.  success  will  come  from  partnerships  and  the  entire  ecosystem  players.  involve  experts  in  the  technology  to  advice  on  the  impact  of  this  in  your  business.  the  rewards  at  the  end  of  the  journey  will  make  the  journey  worthwhile.  this  whitepaper  is  written  by  raakesh  rajan,  senior  consultant  digital  business  consulting,  rapidvalue.  raakesh  is  part  of  the  business  consulting  team  at  rapidvalue.  he  helps  clients  to  add  value  to  their  business  through  digital  initiatives.  he  has  experience  implementing  largescale  digital  transformational  initiatives  and  products.
__label__logisticstracking raakesh  has  worked  on  multiple  domains  such  as  manufacturing,  heavy  equipment,  retail,  and  oil  gas  industries.  prior  to  rapidvalue,  he  was  part  of  strategy  growth  initiative  team  at  accenture,  to  identify  the  right  digital  technology  solution  and  the  adoption  strategy.  if  youd  like  to  know  more  on  this  subject  or  learn  more  on  iot  solution  offerings  by  rapidvalue,  please  reach  out  to  us  at  contactusrapidvaluesolutions.com.  wed  be  happy  to  hear  from  you
__label__logisticstracking 06.08.2019  the  internet  of  things  is  actually  a  pretty  simple  concept.  it  means  taking  all  the  physical  places  and  things  in  the  world  and  connecting  them  to  the  internet  leverage,  iot  101.  an  introduction  to  the  internet  of  things,  2018  in  the  simplest  of  terms,  .  the  internet  is  a  great  resource  to  store  and  transmit  information,  and  by  embracing  iot,  the  potential  for  automation  and  digitalization  is  nearly  endless.  when  everyday  objects  are  equipped  with  the  ability  to  send  and  receive  information  online,  they  become  much  more  than  blind,  deaf  boxes.  not  only  objects,  but  also  processes  and  whole
__label__logisticstracking environments  can  be  part  of  an  integrated  flux  of  information.  as  we  have  adjusted  to  the  evolution  from  the  first  portable  phones,  which  were  only  able  to  perform  one  or  two  main  functions,  to  todays  smartphones,  imagine  what  the  world  will  look  like  when  we  are  able  to  experience  the  same  transformation  for  other  everyday  objects  and  processes.  data  collection  is  not  where  the  potential  of  iot  stops.  .  this  can  be  applied  both  to  consumer  and  industry  solutions,  and  the  growth  is  expected  to  reach  outstanding  levels  in  the  upcoming  years.  ishs  report,  iot  trend  watch  2018,  describes  a
__label__logisticstracking world  with  .  what  does  this  mean  in  practice?  as  iot  becomes  more  and  more  the  norm,  we  are  growing  comfortable  with  the  idea  of  smart  homes,  smart  cars,  integrated  environments  that  can  receive  information  in  realtime,  learn  from  it,  and  act  based  on  that  information  to  eliminate  frustration  and  save  us  time,  energy,  and  money.  when  we  scale  up  this  approach,  the  benefits  become  even  more  obvious.  nowadays,  many  companies  have  adopted  automated  asset  management,  and  dont  rely  anymore  on  physical  counting  in  the  form  of  excel  spreadsheets.  however,  iot  can  bring  asset  management  one  step  further,  by  making
__label__logisticstracking systems  smart  in  addition  to  being  automated.  for  example,  what  if  you  not  only  knew  the  exact  location  and  state  of  each  one  of  your  assets  but  could  also  optimize  safety  checks,  maintenance  and  repair  operations,  and  preventive  routine  checkups?  even  if  you  are  still  debating  whether  or  not  digitalization  is  the  right  step  for  your  business,  you  can  acknowledge  the  potential  benefits  of  an  inventory  that  assesses  and  selfcorrects.  iotpowered  asset  management  empowers  businesses  to  optimize  their  resources,  reduce  risks,  and  leverage  realtime  information  for  increased  efficiency  and  a  more  effective  sales  cycle.  it  is  not  surprising  that  the
__label__logisticstracking companies  who  would  benefit  the  most  from  adopting  iot  operate  in  sectors  that  are  traditionally  assetintensive.  for  logistics,  retail,  manufacturing,  equipment  rental,  the  benefits  of  realtime  visibility  and  asset  tracking  are  selfexplanatory,  as  inventory  inefficiency  can  be  extremely  costly.  in  fact,  a  2019  forrester  consulting  survey  focusing  on  companies  that  have  already  embraced  digitalization,  found  that  92  of  enterprises  show  high  interest  in  a  platform  to  unify  data  collected  by  and  used  across  intelligent  technologies  and  business  processes1  this  is  what  does.  if  you  are  working  with  any  moving  assets,  radea  can  deliver  realtime  inventory  and  asset  tracking  information.  to
__label__logisticstracking introduce  you  to  the  benefits  of  radea,  we  collected  some  frequently  asked  questions  for  your  information.  .  it  can  be  integrated  into  existing  systems  and  will  manage  your  assets  through  the  whole  lifecycle,  providing  you  with  business  intelligence  that  can  help  you  optimize  your  sales  cycle,  cut  costs,  and  reach  your  business  goals.  .  it  is  a  cloud  solution,  so  you  can  access  it  anywhere  anytime  and  it  can  help  you  achieve  100  inventory  accuracy.  eliminate  out  of  stock  and  overstock  and  learn  in  realtime  where  are  your  assets  at  any  given  time,  what  is  selling  and  what  isnt,  how
__label__logisticstracking fast  is  your  sales  cycle,  when  some  of  your  items  require  maintenance,  and  much  more.  leverage  the  benefits  of  a  digital  inventory  powered  by  iot  technology  for  realtime  information  and  increased  inventory  efficiency.  this  means  reducing  human  error,  improving  safety,  and  achieving  inventory  efficiency.  no  costly  discoveries  at  the  end  of  the  year  that  you  are  missing  a  large  part  of  your  inventory  and  dont  know  where  it  is.  you  can  also  free  your  staffs  time  by  eliminating  menial,  repetitive  tasks  and  allowing  them  to  focus  on  your  customers  instead.  if  you  have  a  complete  overview  of  your  inventory,  you
__label__logisticstracking can  change  your  sales  strategy  much  faster  to  accommodate  consumers  patterns.  you  can  move  fastselling  items  to  the  right  location,  discover  much  faster  what  is  selling  and  what  isnt,  only  keep  in  stock  what  you  need,  and  always  give  the  consumers  what  they  need  at  the  right  moment.  ever  found  a  solution  that  seems  good  but  cannot  be  adjusted  to  your  specific  needs?  radea  can  be  customized  to  only  include  what  you  need  and  respond  to  your  specific  business  circumstances.  the  need  for  digitalization  and  automation  is  only  going  to  become  more  pressing.  realtime  inventory  management  can  help  you  implement
__label__logisticstracking a  sustainable  and  transparent  supply  chain,  reduce  waste,  and  increase  your  profits  in  a  constantly  changing  retail  and  industrial  environment.  or  download  our  .  .  sources  1  a  forrester  consulting  thought  leadership  paper  commissioned  by  sap,  january  2019.  leaders  place  innovation  at  the  heart  of  digital  transformation  .  12.09.2019  28.08.2019  06.08.2019  facebook  twitter  linkedin  salo  iot  campus  joensuunkatu  7  fi  24100  salo  finland  tel.  358  2  727  7700  infonordicid.com  copyright  2019  nordic  id  oyj.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking your  search  did  not  match  any  results.  we  suggest  you  try  the  following  to  help  find  what  youre  looking  for:  use  oracle  internet  of  things  iot  asset  monitoring  cloud  to  improve  profitability  through  automated  monitoring  and  alerting  of  assets.  gain  realtime  visibility  into  asset  health  and  utilization,  and  predict  future  events.  track  any  assetanywhere,  anytime,  indoor  or  outdoorand  achieve  roi  in  days.  instantly  transform  assets  into  digital  twins  and  intelligently  monitor  the  assets  health,  location,  and  utilization.  predict  asset  and  equipment  failures  before  they  happen  and  minimize  the  unplanned  downtime.  optimize  the  enterprise  supply  chain  and  improve  customer  experience  with
__label__logisticstracking intelligent  iot  insights.  softbanks  mobility  as  a  service  is  powered  by  oracle  iot  cloud.  learn  how  softbank  uses  oracles  cloud  services  to  enable  connected  scooters.  lochbridge  offers  strategic  consulting  so  businesses  can  leverage  iot  opportunities.  oracle  iot  cloud  enables  lochbridge  to  deliver  the  predictive  power  of  iot  to  know  when  any  connected  vehicle  needs  service,  when  to  adjust  operations,  and  how  to  avoid  downtime.  technical  director  scott  rogers  explains  how  oracle  iot  cloud  helps  them  be  more  competitive  and  better  serve  their  customers.  head  of  product  strategy  timur  aliev  explains  how  oracle  iot  cloud  helps  nec  corporations  carrier  customers  monitor
__label__logisticstracking keyboardarrowleft  filterlist  openinnew  sage  fixed  assets  solutions  help  companies  eliminate  redundant  data  entry,  increase  accuracy,  and  reduce  costs  while  guarding  against  regulatory  noncompliance.  by  combining  over  300,000  irs  tax  and  gaap  rules  as  well  as  more  than  50  depreciation  methods  and  an  intuitive  interface,  with  comprehensive  depreciation  calculations  for  financial  and  tax  reporting,  asset  inventory  tracking  and  reconciliation,  constructionin  progress  management,  and  customized  reporting.  sage  fixed  assets  solutions  help  companies  eliminate  redundant  data  entry,  increase  accuracy,  and  reduce  costs  while  guarding  against  regulatory  noncompliance.  by  combining  over  300,000  irs  tax  and  gaap  rules  as  well  as  more  than  50  depreciation
__label__logisticstracking methods  and  an  intuitive  interface,  with  comprehensive  depreciation  calculations  for  financial  and  tax  reporting,  asset  inventory  tracking  and  reconciliation,  constructionin  progress  management,  and  customized  reporting.  openinnew  fiix  creates  easytouse,  intelligent  maintenance  management  asset  tracking  software  that  empowers  businesses  to  organize  their  maintenance  departments  and  turn  data  into  actionable  insights.  its  innovative  multitenant  cloudbased  cmms  mobilizes  the  maintenance  workforce  with  an  unparalleled  mobile  experience,  and  seamlessly  interfaces  with  enterprise  software  to  connect  your  entire  organization  revolutionizing  how  thousands  of  companies  worldwide  schedule,  organize,  and  track  maintenance.  fiix  creates  easytouse,  intelligent  maintenance  management  asset  tracking  software  that  empowers  businesses  to  organize  their
__label__logisticstracking maintenance  departments  and  turn  data  into  actionable  insights.  its  innovative  multitenant  cloudbased  cmms  mobilizes  the  maintenance  workforce  with  an  unparalleled  mobile  experience,  and  seamlessly  interfaces  with  enterprise  software  to  connect  your  entire  organization  revolutionizing  how  thousands  of  companies  worldwide  schedule,  organize,  and  track  maintenance.  openinnew  ezofficeinventory  is  the  leading  nonintrusive  asset  tracking  software.  our  intuitive  interface  means  youll  be  up  and  running  in  minutes,  using  features  geared  specifically  to  your  asset  management  needs.  we  support  team  collaboration  around  asset  reservations,  maintenance,  checkouts,  and  audits,  with  barcode  and  qr  code  scans  via  our  mobile  app.  we  also  support  rfid  tag  scans
__label__logisticstracking on  external  scanners.were  the  complete  asset  tracking  system  from  procurement  to  retirement.  try  us  out  for  free  ezofficeinventory  is  the  leading  nonintrusive  asset  tracking  software.  our  intuitive  interface  means  youll  be  up  and  running  in  minutes,  using  features  geared  specifically  to  your  asset  management  needs.  we  support  team  collaboration  around  asset  reservations,  maintenance,  checkouts,  and  audits,  with  barcode  and  qr  code  scans  via  our  mobile  app.  we  also  support  rfid  tag  scans  on  external  scanners.were  the  complete  asset  tracking  system  from  procurement  to  retirement.  try  us  out  for  free  openinnew  upkeeps  asset  tracking  software  is  a  modern  maintenance  and  asset
__label__logisticstracking management  solution  for  your  team.  from  your  desktop  to  your  phone  and  even  your  tablet,  upkeep  is  easily  accessible  from  anywhere  at  any  time.  create  work  orders  onthego,  get  notifications  when  tasks  are  updated,  and  receive  alerts  straight  from  your  app  when  assets  go  down  making  your  business  run  more  efficiently  than  ever  before.  upkeeps  asset  tracking  software  is  a  modern  maintenance  and  asset  management  solution  for  your  team.  from  your  desktop  to  your  phone  and  even  your  tablet,  upkeep  is  easily  accessible  from  anywhere  at  any  time.  create  work  orders  onthego,  get  notifications  when  tasks  are  updated,  and  receive
__label__logisticstracking alerts  straight  from  your  app  when  assets  go  down  making  your  business  run  more  efficiently  than  ever  before.  openinnew  asset  panda  is  a  powerful  cloud/mobile  app  asset  tracking  platform.  we  help  people  track,  manage  and  support  their  assets  throughout  their  life  cycle.  our  software  is  configured  to  the  way  our  clients  work,  secure  and  leverages  the  mobile  devices  your  employees  carry.  features:  check  in/out,  barcode  scan,  parent/child,  robust  reporting,  support  ticketing  workflow,  full  life  cycle  management,  depreciation,  api,  role  based  security  and  much  more.  get  a  free  guided  demo  today  asset  panda  is  a  powerful  cloud/mobile  app  asset  tracking  platform.
__label__logisticstracking we  help  people  track,  manage  and  support  their  assets  throughout  their  life  cycle.  our  software  is  configured  to  the  way  our  clients  work,  secure  and  leverages  the  mobile  devices  your  employees  carry.  features:  check  in/out,  barcode  scan,  parent/child,  robust  reporting,  support  ticketing  workflow,  full  life  cycle  management,  depreciation,  api,  role  based  security  and  much  more.  get  a  free  guided  demo  today  openinnew  sap  cloud  erp  helps  lower  operational  and  administrative  costs  by  integrating  all  inbound  and  outbound  asset  tracking  and  warehousing  processes  and  improving  connectivity  with  warehouse  automation  equipment  and  logistics  service  providers.  dynamically  link  customer  service  goals  with  inventory
__label__logisticstracking investments  across  your  multistage  supply  chain  so  you  can  balance  inventory  levels,  analyze  demand  inputs  and  signals,  and  model  the  impact  of  decisions  on  global  stock.  sap  cloud  erp  helps  lower  operational  and  administrative  costs  by  integrating  all  inbound  and  outbound  asset  tracking  and  warehousing  processes  and  improving  connectivity  with  warehouse  automation  equipment  and  logistics  service  providers.  dynamically  link  customer  service  goals  with  inventory  investments  across  your  multistage  supply  chain  so  you  can  balance  inventory  levels,  analyze  demand  inputs  and  signals,  and  model  the  impact  of  decisions  on  global  stock.  openinnew  track  your  organizations  it  and  nonit  assets  like  contracts,
__label__logisticstracking hardware,  software,  throughout  its  lifecycle  with  freshservices  asset  management.  the  tool  puts  a  refreshing  user  experience  on  top  of  powerful  ticketing  and  asset  management  capabilities  like  autodiscovery  of  new  resources,  powerful  configuration  management,  and  enhanced  impact  analysis.  track  your  organizations  it  and  nonit  assets  like  contracts,  hardware,  software,  throughout  its  lifecycle  with  freshservices  asset  management.  the  tool  puts  a  refreshing  user  experience  on  top  of  powerful  ticketing  and  asset  management  capabilities  like  autodiscovery  of  new  resources,  powerful  configuration  management,  and  enhanced  impact  analysis.  openinnew  assetcloud  asset  management  software  makes  it  painless  to  manage  your  companys  physical  assets.  quickly  conduct  audits
__label__logisticstracking and  always  know  what  you  have  and  who  has  it.  the  information  you  need  will  be  at  your  fingertips  with  our  smartphone  and  tablet  apps,  available  for  ios  and  android  users.  for  those  looking  to  implement  a  complete  asset  tracking  solution,  wasp  provides  everything  you  need,  including  handheld  scanners,  barcode  printers,  asset  tags,  personalized  training  and  tech  support.  assetcloud  asset  management  software  makes  it  painless  to  manage  your  companys  physical  assets.  quickly  conduct  audits  and  always  know  what  you  have  and  who  has  it.  the  information  you  need  will  be  at  your  fingertips  with  our  smartphone  and  tablet  apps,  available
__label__logisticstracking for  ios  and  android  users.  for  those  looking  to  implement  a  complete  asset  tracking  solution,  wasp  provides  everything  you  need,  including  handheld  scanners,  barcode  printers,  asset  tags,  personalized  training  and  tech  support.  openinnew  built  for  government  contractors,  equip  helps  teams  efficiently  track  assets  and  more  easily  meet  property  management  standards.  track  the  location,  custodianship,  and  contractual  requirements  of  your  assets  through  their  lifecycle.  use  the  mobile  app  to  scan  barcodes  and  perform  inventory  quickly.  easily  generate  reports  and  forms  such  as  dd1149s,  iuid  registry  forms,  and  more.  this  highly  configurable  and  flexible  system  can  scale  to  work  for  you.  built
__label__logisticstracking for  government  contractors,  equip  helps  teams  efficiently  track  assets  and  more  easily  meet  property  management  standards.  track  the  location,  custodianship,  and  contractual  requirements  of  your  assets  through  their  lifecycle.  use  the  mobile  app  to  scan  barcodes  and  perform  inventory  quickly.  easily  generate  reports  and  forms  such  as  dd1149s,  iuid  registry  forms,  and  more.  this  highly  configurable  and  flexible  system  can  scale  to  work  for  you.  openinnew  gocodes  provides  a  total  gps  enabled  asset  tracking  solution  that  includes  everything  small  medium  sized  teams  need  to  securely  track  and  manage  their  equipment  onthego.  our  solution  includes  powerful  and  secure  cloudbased  software,  mobile
__label__logisticstracking scanner  apps  and  patented  qr  code  labels.  so  youre  up  and  running  fast  gocodes  provides  a  total  gps  enabled  asset  tracking  solution  that  includes  everything  small  medium  sized  teams  need  to  securely  track  and  manage  their  equipment  onthego.  our  solution  includes  powerful  and  secure  cloudbased  software,  mobile  scanner  apps  and  patented  qr  code  labels.  so  youre  up  and  running  fast  openinnew  gigatraks  asset  tracking  software  can  easily  checkin  and  checkout  assets  that  can  be  assigned  or  tracked  to  a  location  or  person.  our  asset  tracking  system  retains  records  of  usage,  maintenance,  and  history  of  assets.  everything  is  logged  using  a
__label__logisticstracking barcode  scanning  system  via  a  standardized  check  in/out  process.  keeping  a  historical  data  trail  for  each  asset  helps  to  locate  assets  when  needed,  reduces  disruptions  in  operations,  and  avoids  the  expense  of  purchasing  unnecessary  replacements.  gigatraks  asset  tracking  software  can  easily  checkin  and  checkout  assets  that  can  be  assigned  or  tracked  to  a  location  or  person.  our  asset  tracking  system  retains  records  of  usage,  maintenance,  and  history  of  assets.  everything  is  logged  using  a  barcode  scanning  system  via  a  standardized  check  in/out  process.  keeping  a  historical  data  trail  for  each  asset  helps  to  locate  assets  when  needed,  reduces  disruptions  in
__label__logisticstracking operations,  and  avoids  the  expense  of  purchasing  unnecessary  replacements.  openinnew  ingenium  is  a  feature  rich  asset  management  tool.  it  can  be  adapted  to  the  users  environment  through  the  use  of  unlimited  user  defined  data,  custom  views,  field  aliases  and  standard,  custom  and  report  write  reports.  four  data  collection  methods  are  supports  including  bluetooth  and  phone  apps..  subscription  services  are  provided  on  highly  secure  servers  in  a  multitenant  environment.  asset  may  be  tracked  individually  or  in  groups.  images,  videos  and  url  links  are  supported.  ingenium  is  a  feature  rich  asset  management  tool.  it  can  be  adapted  to  the  users  environment  through
__label__logisticstracking the  use  of  unlimited  user  defined  data,  custom  views,  field  aliases  and  standard,  custom  and  report  write  reports.  four  data  collection  methods  are  supports  including  bluetooth  and  phone  apps..  subscription  services  are  provided  on  highly  secure  servers  in  a  multitenant  environment.  asset  may  be  tracked  individually  or  in  groups.  images,  videos  and  url  links  are  supported.  openinnew  ensuring  assets  are  accounted  for  is  critical  for  any  it  organization.  thats  why  we  designed  alloy  navigator  with  a  strong  set  of  tools  that  allow  you  to  audit  and  track  your  it  equipment,  integrate  it  with  3rd  party  tools  and  analyze  your  environment
__label__logisticstracking in  meaningful  ways.  multiple  platform  support,  varied  auditing  methods  and  intelligent  software  licensing  make  alloy  navigator  a  complete  it  inventory  solution.  ensuring  assets  are  accounted  for  is  critical  for  any  it  organization.  thats  why  we  designed  alloy  navigator  with  a  strong  set  of  tools  that  allow  you  to  audit  and  track  your  it  equipment,  integrate  it  with  3rd  party  tools  and  analyze  your  environment  in  meaningful  ways.  multiple  platform  support,  varied  auditing  methods  and  intelligent  software  licensing  make  alloy  navigator  a  complete  it  inventory  solution.  openinnew  field  eagle  is  an  award  winning  inspection  and  safety  audit  system  that  supports  mobile
__label__logisticstracking inspection  and  safety  audit  processes.  with  a  powerful  inspection  and  asset  tracking  backbone,  it  integrates  with  other  data  systems  to  maximize  operational,  reporting  and  productivity  goals.  digitize  your  ehs,  maintenance  and  field  operations  to  achieve  realtime  communication,  visibility  and  risk  management  control.  high  risk  industries  capitalize  on  operational  efficiency  as  a  competitive  advantage.  field  eagle  is  an  award  winning  inspection  and  safety  audit  system  that  supports  mobile  inspection  and  safety  audit  processes.  with  a  powerful  inspection  and  asset  tracking  backbone,  it  integrates  with  other  data  systems  to  maximize  operational,  reporting  and  productivity  goals.  digitize  your  ehs,  maintenance  and  field  operations
__label__logisticstracking to  achieve  realtime  communication,  visibility  and  risk  management  control.  high  risk  industries  capitalize  on  operational  efficiency  as  a  competitive  advantage.  openinnew  square  for  retail  has  all  the  tools  you  need  for  smooth  selling  with  software,  hardware,  and  payments  built  just  for  retailers.  sell  in  store  and  online  seamlessly  with  an  integrated  online  store.  ring  up  a  sale  in  seconds  with  our  easytouse  ipad  pos.  track  and  transfer  multilocation  inventory  and  understand  your  profit  margin.  manage  your  employees  with  timecards.  add  inventory  from  your  pos  and  instantly  create  customer  profiles.  generate  and  print  barcode  labels.  get  started  free.  square  for  retail
__label__logisticstracking has  all  the  tools  you  need  for  smooth  selling  with  software,  hardware,  and  payments  built  just  for  retailers.  sell  in  store  and  online  seamlessly  with  an  integrated  online  store.  ring  up  a  sale  in  seconds  with  our  easytouse  ipad  pos.  track  and  transfer  multilocation  inventory  and  understand  your  profit  margin.  manage  your  employees  with  timecards.  add  inventory  from  your  pos  and  instantly  create  customer  profiles.  generate  and  print  barcode  labels.  get  started  free.  openinnew  manageengine  servicedesk  plus  is  a  help  desk  and  asset  management  software.  it  offers  an  integrated  package  with  incident  managementtrouble  ticketing,  asset  tracking,  purchasing,  contract  management,  selfservice
__label__logisticstracking portal,  and  knowledge  base  at  an  affordable  price  point.  servicedesk  plus  provides  all  that  you  need  to  have  a  fullfledged  it  help  desk  and  a  productive  help  desk  staff.  manageengine  servicedesk  plus  is  available  in  both  onpremise  and  ondemand.  manageengine  servicedesk  plus  is  a  help  desk  and  asset  management  software.  it  offers  an  integrated  package  with  incident  managementtrouble  ticketing,  asset  tracking,  purchasing,  contract  management,  selfservice  portal,  and  knowledge  base  at  an  affordable  price  point.  servicedesk  plus  provides  all  that  you  need  to  have  a  fullfledged  it  help  desk  and  a  productive  help  desk  staff.  manageengine  servicedesk  plus  is  available  in
__label__logisticstracking both  onpremise  and  ondemand.  openinnew  redlist  is  a  production  planning,  and  asset  management  solution  for  your  team.  for  desktop,  phone  and  tablet,  redlist  is  easily  accessible  from  anywhere  at  any  time.  create  work  orders  onthego,  capture  critical  data  in  realtime,  get  notifications  when  tasks  are  updated,  and  receive  alerts  when  assets  go  down.  redlist  builds  the  fastest  and  easiest  digital  tools  that  eliminate  the  data  gaps  between  managers  teams  and  machines,  making  your  business  run  better  than  ever.  redlist  is  a  production  planning,  and  asset  management  solution  for  your  team.  for  desktop,  phone  and  tablet,  redlist  is  easily  accessible  from
__label__logisticstracking anywhere  at  any  time.  create  work  orders  onthego,  capture  critical  data  in  realtime,  get  notifications  when  tasks  are  updated,  and  receive  alerts  when  assets  go  down.  redlist  builds  the  fastest  and  easiest  digital  tools  that  eliminate  the  data  gaps  between  managers  teams  and  machines,  making  your  business  run  better  than  ever.  openinnew  try  asap  systems  inventory  management  and  asset  tracking  system  for  stockrooms  and  warehouses.  builtin  flexibility  to  meet  your  needs  including  options  like  multisite  tracking,  tracking  batchlot,  serialization,  kitting,  and  expiration  date  tracking.  compatible  with  rugged  barcode  scanners,  barcode  label  printers,  and  features  a  smartphoneenabled  mobile  app.  user  configurable
__label__logisticstracking reports,  barcode  labels,  security  levels  and  more.  watch  a  live  demo  and  get  your  free  trial  today  try  asap  systems  inventory  management  and  asset  tracking  system  for  stockrooms  and  warehouses.  builtin  flexibility  to  meet  your  needs  including  options  like  multisite  tracking,  tracking  batchlot,  serialization,  kitting,  and  expiration  date  tracking.  compatible  with  rugged  barcode  scanners,  barcode  label  printers,  and  features  a  smartphoneenabled  mobile  app.  user  configurable  reports,  barcode  labels,  security  levels  and  more.  watch  a  live  demo  and  get  your  free  trial  today  openinnew  cro  software  solutions  is  an  efficiency  software  that  manages  your  assets  bins,  containers,  portable  toilets  etc  drivers
__label__logisticstracking gps  tracking,  routing,  edl  etc,  dispatchers,  accountants  auto  invoicing,  seamless  integration  to  all  qb  versions  and  your  customers.  the  only  software  you  need  for  the  metal  recycling,  waste  management,  portable  toilet,  and  service  industry.  cro  software  solutions  is  an  efficiency  software  that  manages  your  assets  bins,  containers,  portable  toilets  etc  drivers  gps  tracking,  routing,  edl  etc,  dispatchers,  accountants  auto  invoicing,  seamless  integration  to  all  qb  versions  and  your  customers.  the  only  software  you  need  for  the  metal  recycling,  waste  management,  portable  toilet,  and  service  industry.  openinnew  improve  utilization  and  reduce  fleet  size.smartraks  mobility  portfolio  offers  solutions  for  organizations  with  shared
__label__logisticstracking vehicles  who  are  challenged  with  low  utilization  and  under  pressure  to  reduce  fleet  size  and  budget.  our  integrated  sharing  economy  technologies  can  help  you  reduce  your  fleet  size  by  at  least  10,  resulting  in  significant  cost  savings.our  solutions  include:online  car  bookings,  electronic  key  cabinets,  keyless  entry,  telematics  and  gps  tracking.  improve  utilization  and  reduce  fleet  size.smartraks  mobility  portfolio  offers  solutions  for  organizations  with  shared  vehicles  who  are  challenged  with  low  utilization  and  under  pressure  to  reduce  fleet  size  and  budget.  our  integrated  sharing  economy  technologies  can  help  you  reduce  your  fleet  size  by  at  least  10,  resulting  in  significant  cost
__label__logisticstracking savings.our  solutions  include:online  car  bookings,  electronic  key  cabinets,  keyless  entry,  telematics  and  gps  tracking.  openinnew  sortly  is  the  simplest  asset  tracking  system  to  visually  track  all  your  items  and  their  details  like  location,  condition  etc  for  a  more  intuitive  and  less  maddening  way  to  track  your  business  assets.  sortly  is  so  intuitive  you  can  have  it  set  up  in  minutes,  all  on  your  own.  create  a  free  account  today.key  features:  access  on  computer,  tablet,  phone  give  team  or  customers  access  create  or  connect  to  any  barcodes  or  qr  codes  check  in/out  scanner  customizable  fields  sortly  is  the  simplest  asset  tracking
__label__logisticstracking system  to  visually  track  all  your  items  and  their  details  like  location,  condition  etc  for  a  more  intuitive  and  less  maddening  way  to  track  your  business  assets.  sortly  is  so  intuitive  you  can  have  it  set  up  in  minutes,  all  on  your  own.  create  a  free  account  today.key  features:  access  on  computer,  tablet,  phone  give  team  or  customers  access  create  or  connect  to  any  barcodes  or  qr  codes  check  in/out  scanner  customizable  fields  openinnew  trackabout  is  a  service  for  tracking,  managing,  maintaining  and  optionally  renting  physical  assets.  it  integrates  with  existing  enterprise  systems  and  provides  relevant,  accurate  data  that  enables
__label__logisticstracking better  control  over  your  assets.  trackabout  corrects  real  world  problems  like  missed  scans,  syncing  devices  out  of  order,  billing  mistakes  and  rental  disputes.  trackabout  is  a  service  for  tracking,  managing,  maintaining  and  optionally  renting  physical  assets.  it  integrates  with  existing  enterprise  systems  and  provides  relevant,  accurate  data  that  enables  better  control  over  your  assets.  trackabout  corrects  real  world  problems  like  missed  scans,  syncing  devices  out  of  order,  billing  mistakes  and  rental  disputes.  openinnew  our  product  focuses  on  simplicity.  we  have  all  the  major  features  and  more  offered  at  a  fraction  of  the  price  of  our  competitors.  customize  a  user  portal
__label__logisticstracking for  your  end  users  to  login  and  request  items.  saml  sso  is  available  as  wellcheck  assets  in  /  out  to  users  as  well  as  reserve  items  to  usersmobile  apps  can  scan  barcodes  and  qrcodes,  check  assets  in  /  out.customized  and  automated  reportinguser  accounts  with  role  based  access  rights  and  more..  our  product  focuses  on  simplicity.  we  have  all  the  major  features  and  more  offered  at  a  fraction  of  the  price  of  our  competitors.  customize  a  user  portal  for  your  end  users  to  login  and  request  items.  saml  sso  is  available  as  wellcheck  assets  in  /  out  to  users  as  well
__label__logisticstracking as  reserve  items  to  usersmobile  apps  can  scan  barcodes  and  qrcodes,  check  assets  in  /  out.customized  and  automated  reportinguser  accounts  with  role  based  access  rights  and  more..  openinnew  intellitrack  is  a  comprehensive,  affordable  asset  management  solution.  with  our  software,  you  can  perform  physical  inventories  and  track  depreciation  on  fixed  assets.you  can  also  manage  unique  rotational  assets  with  options  to  checkin  and  out,  assign  to  employees  and  projects,  and  create  reservations.  with  enhanced  capabilities  and  optional  integrations  to  third  party  software,  intellitrack  adapts  to  your  needs  and  scales  as  you  grow.  intellitrack  is  a  comprehensive,  affordable  asset  management  solution.  with  our
__label__logisticstracking software,  you  can  perform  physical  inventories  and  track  depreciation  on  fixed  assets.you  can  also  manage  unique  rotational  assets  with  options  to  checkin  and  out,  assign  to  employees  and  projects,  and  create  reservations.  with  enhanced  capabilities  and  optional  integrations  to  third  party  software,  intellitrack  adapts  to  your  needs  and  scales  as  you  grow.  openinnew  tool  tracking  doesnt  have  to  be  hard  or  complicated.  we  make  tool  tracking  simple  by  focusing  on  field  personnel.  sharemytoolbox  makes  it  easy  for  the  field  to  search,  find  and  transfer  tools  using  a  phone  app.  with  the  field  updating  tool  movements  as  they  happen,  an  up
__label__logisticstracking to  date  inventory  is  always  available  to  the  office.  our  entire  system  is  mobile  and  cloud  based  which  makes  it  quick  and  easy  to  setup.  start  a  free  trial  and  see  how  easy  tool  tracking  can  be  tool  tracking  doesnt  have  to  be  hard  or  complicated.  we  make  tool  tracking  simple  by  focusing  on  field  personnel.  sharemytoolbox  makes  it  easy  for  the  field  to  search,  find  and  transfer  tools  using  a  phone  app.  with  the  field  updating  tool  movements  as  they  happen,  an  up  to  date  inventory  is  always  available  to  the  office.  our  entire  system  is  mobile  and  cloud
__label__logisticstracking based  which  makes  it  quick  and  easy  to  setup.  start  a  free  trial  and  see  how  easy  tool  tracking  can  be  openinnew  maximo  enterprise  asset  management  eam  system  is  a  powerful  tool  for  managing  and  maintaining  an  organizations  precious  physical  assets.  xybion  team  assists  in  the  maximo  implementation  and  full  utilization  of  this  powerful  and  multifaceted  product.  our  team  possesses  realtime  experience  working  with  ibm  maximo  in  complex  and  regulated  environments  in  various  industries.  we  bring  some  of  the  deepest  domain  expertise  in  the  industry  via  our  enterprise  asset  management  practice.  maximo  enterprise  asset  management  eam  system  is  a  powerful
__label__logisticstracking tool  for  managing  and  maintaining  an  organizations  precious  physical  assets.  xybion  team  assists  in  the  maximo  implementation  and  full  utilization  of  this  powerful  and  multifaceted  product.  our  team  possesses  realtime  experience  working  with  ibm  maximo  in  complex  and  regulated  environments  in  various  industries.  we  bring  some  of  the  deepest  domain  expertise  in  the  industry  via  our  enterprise  asset  management  practice.  openinnew  canfigure  has  been  designed  to  provide  a  scalable,  cost  effective  solution.  its  library  of  welldesigned  modules  enables  you  to  implement  only  the  functionality  you  require,  and  then  expand  at  a  pace  that  suits  you.  the  outofthebox  functionality  includes  support
__label__logisticstracking for  integrated  cmdb,  asset  management,  change  management  and  service  desk.  the  intuitive  administrative  functions  enable  you  to  customize  and  expand  the  database  to  incorporate  any  configuration  information  you  may  wish  to  track.  canfigure  has  been  designed  to  provide  a  scalable,  cost  effective  solution.  its  library  of  welldesigned  modules  enables  you  to  implement  only  the  functionality  you  require,  and  then  expand  at  a  pace  that  suits  you.  the  outofthebox  functionality  includes  support  for  integrated  cmdb,  asset  management,  change  management  and  service  desk.  the  intuitive  administrative  functions  enable  you  to  customize  and  expand  the  database  to  incorporate  any  configuration  information  you  may
__label__logisticstracking wish  to  track.  openinnew  seemymachines  is  a  scalable  and  secure  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  platform  that  automates  processes  such  as  asset  management  and  tracking,  condition  monitoring,  rtls,  and  attendance/access  control.  the  platform  integrates  best  practices  and  expertise  for  a  smooth  implementation  in  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  healthcare,  transportation,  wind/solar  energy,  professional  services,  and  power  generation/transmission.  seemymachines  is  a  scalable  and  secure  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  platform  that  automates  processes  such  as  asset  management  and  tracking,  condition  monitoring,  rtls,  and  attendance/access  control.  the  platform  integrates  best  practices  and  expertise  for  a  smooth  implementation  in  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  healthcare,
__label__logisticstracking transportation,  wind/solar  energy,  professional  services,  and  power  generation/transmission.  openinnew  asset  manager  web  edition  is  a  webbased  asset  management  software  for  tracking  your  companys  fixed  assets.  access  it  from  your  computer  or  tablet  wherever  you  are  in  the  office,  shop,  warehouse,  or  onthego.  check  in  or  out  assets  from  or  to  your  team;  manage  service  schedules  and  completed  service,  track  purchases,  asset  history,  and  more.  asset  manager  web  edition  is  a  webbased  asset  management  software  for  tracking  your  companys  fixed  assets.  access  it  from  your  computer  or  tablet  wherever  you  are  in  the  office,  shop,  warehouse,  or  onthego.  check  in  or
__label__logisticstracking out  assets  from  or  to  your  team;  manage  service  schedules  and  completed  service,  track  purchases,  asset  history,  and  more.  openinnew  spacerunner  surpasses  conventional  asset  tracking  saas  products  by  empowering  users  with  its  live  excel  integration,  powerful  applied  calculations,  and  conditional  formatting  rules.  with  spacerunner,  easily  synchronize  bim  data  creating  dynamic  visual  icons  linked  together  with  limitless  parentchild  relationships.  by  adding  realtime  sensor  data  feeds,  you  can  fully  realize  a  true  digital  twin  of  your  facility.  dont  get  left  behind,  join  the  future  of  asset  management  with  spacerunner.  spacerunner  surpasses  conventional  asset  tracking  saas  products  by  empowering  users  with  its  live
__label__logisticstracking excel  integration,  powerful  applied  calculations,  and  conditional  formatting  rules.  with  spacerunner,  easily  synchronize  bim  data  creating  dynamic  visual  icons  linked  together  with  limitless  parentchild  relationships.  by  adding  realtime  sensor  data  feeds,  you  can  fully  realize  a  true  digital  twin  of  your  facility.  dont  get  left  behind,  join  the  future  of  asset  management  with  spacerunner.  openinnew  siteline  empowers  you  to  more  efficiently  manage  information  overload  in  your  electric  utility  developed  by  a  team  that  has  provided  software  solutions  to  more  than  25,000  users,  siteline  allows  you  to  identify  and  track  potential  problems  quickly  through  red/amber/green  rag  statuses.  all  so  you  can
__label__logisticstracking ward  off  the  catastrophic  costs  associated  with  issues  like  transformer  failure  and  ensure  reliability  through  more  informed  decisionmaking.  siteline  empowers  you  to  more  efficiently  manage  information  overload  in  your  electric  utility  developed  by  a  team  that  has  provided  software  solutions  to  more  than  25,000  users,  siteline  allows  you  to  identify  and  track  potential  problems  quickly  through  red/amber/green  rag  statuses.  all  so  you  can  ward  off  the  catastrophic  costs  associated  with  issues  like  transformer  failure  and  ensure  reliability  through  more  informed  decisionmaking.  openinnew  clearpathgps  asset  tracking  can  be  used  on  any  type  of  asset  in  any  location.  keep  track  of  exactly
__label__logisticstracking where  your  assets  are,  when  they  need  maintenance,  andof  coursemake  sure  it  doesnt  get  lost,  stolen,  or  hoarded  on  a  job  site  collecting  dust  instead  of  racking  up  engine  hours.  our  industryleading  service  and  support  teams  at  clearpathgps  are  ready  to  help  custom  tailor  the  system  to  fit  your  companys  unique  needs.  solar  powered,  battery,  and  dual  mode  powered  tracker  options.  clearpathgps  asset  tracking  can  be  used  on  any  type  of  asset  in  any  location.  keep  track  of  exactly  where  your  assets  are,  when  they  need  maintenance,  andof  coursemake  sure  it  doesnt  get  lost,  stolen,  or  hoarded  on  a  job
__label__logisticstracking site  collecting  dust  instead  of  racking  up  engine  hours.  our  industryleading  service  and  support  teams  at  clearpathgps  are  ready  to  help  custom  tailor  the  system  to  fit  your  companys  unique  needs.  solar  powered,  battery,  and  dual  mode  powered  tracker  options.  openinnew  assettiger  is  a  free  for  first  250  assets  easy  to  use,  fully  functioning  solution  for  all  your  fixed  asset  management  needs.  the  program  offers  all  of  your  assets  at  your  fingertips  in  a  sleek,  easytounderstand,  custom  website.  link  your  worksites  around  the  world  with  access  whenever  you  need  it.  as  long  as  you  can  connect  to  the  internet,  you
__label__logisticstracking can  access  our  system  from  your  computer,  smartphone,  or  tablet  eliminating  needs  to  purchase  extra  equipment.  assettiger  is  a  free  for  first  250  assets  easy  to  use,  fully  functioning  solution  for  all  your  fixed  asset  management  needs.  the  program  offers  all  of  your  assets  at  your  fingertips  in  a  sleek,  easytounderstand,  custom  website.  link  your  worksites  around  the  world  with  access  whenever  you  need  it.  as  long  as  you  can  connect  to  the  internet,  you  can  access  our  system  from  your  computer,  smartphone,  or  tablet  eliminating  needs  to  purchase  extra  equipment.  openinnew  teletrac  navman  director  is  an  integrated,  highperformance,  automated
__label__logisticstracking vehicle  location,  total  fleet  management  and  communication  system.  realtime  vehicle  information,  using  active  gps  and  the  prism  onboard  data  recorder,  is  delivered  via  a  flexible,  webbased  manager  portal.  twoway  communications  and  a  wide  range  of  detailed  reports  give  businesses  the  tools  needed  to  boost  productivity  and  reduce  costs.  teletrac  navman  director  is  an  integrated,  highperformance,  automated  vehicle  location,  total  fleet  management  and  communication  system.  realtime  vehicle  information,  using  active  gps  and  the  prism  onboard  data  recorder,  is  delivered  via  a  flexible,  webbased  manager  portal.  twoway  communications  and  a  wide  range  of  detailed  reports  give  businesses  the  tools  needed  to  boost
__label__logisticstracking productivity  and  reduce  costs.  openinnew  vizor  is  an  itil  certified  it  asset  management  solution.  vizor  manages  the  complete  it  asset  lifecycle  combining  network  discovery  and  inventory  data  with  purchase,  warranty  and  maintenance  details.  allocation  of  assets  to  employees  and  locations  is  simplified  so  you  always  know  exactly  who  has  what.  vizor  audits  your  network  or  integrates  with  existing  tools  such  as  microsoft  sccm  and  lansweeper.  vizor  is  completely  modular  so  you  only  purchase  the  features  you  need.  try  now  for  free.  vizor  is  an  itil  certified  it  asset  management  solution.  vizor  manages  the  complete  it  asset  lifecycle  combining  network  discovery
__label__logisticstracking and  inventory  data  with  purchase,  warranty  and  maintenance  details.  allocation  of  assets  to  employees  and  locations  is  simplified  so  you  always  know  exactly  who  has  what.  vizor  audits  your  network  or  integrates  with  existing  tools  such  as  microsoft  sccm  and  lansweeper.  vizor  is  completely  modular  so  you  only  purchase  the  features  you  need.  try  now  for  free.  openinnew  many  evidence  tracking  systems  are  not  much  more  than  a  glorified  inventory  control  system.  its  important  to  find  a  system  that  solves  all  the  critical  needs  of  property  and  evidence  management.  our  evidence  tracking  software  safe  is  more  than  just  barcodes  and
__label__logisticstracking inventory  control,  its  an  endtoend  chain  of  custody  software  for  physical  and  digital  evidence,  resolving  each  of  the  critical  issues  facing  evidence  management.  many  evidence  tracking  systems  are  not  much  more  than  a  glorified  inventory  control  system.  its  important  to  find  a  system  that  solves  all  the  critical  needs  of  property  and  evidence  management.  our  evidence  tracking  software  safe  is  more  than  just  barcodes  and  inventory  control,  its  an  endtoend  chain  of  custody  software  for  physical  and  digital  evidence,  resolving  each  of  the  critical  issues  facing  evidence  management.  openinnew  real  asset  management,  an  mri  software  company,  is  a  leading  provider
__label__logisticstracking of  asset  tracking  software.  its  cloud/mobile  enabled  asset  tracking  and  data  capture  solution  ensures  that  organizations  can  manage  and  track  their  business  critical  assets,  either  on  a  daily  operational  basis  or  during  a  routine  audit.  the  system  can  utilize  barcode,  rfid,  nfc,  and  gps  technology  where  required.  keep  a  database  of  all  assets  and  manage  issues/returns  and  reservations.  real  asset  management,  an  mri  software  company,  is  a  leading  provider  of  asset  tracking  software.  its  cloud/mobile  enabled  asset  tracking  and  data  capture  solution  ensures  that  organizations  can  manage  and  track  their  business  critical  assets,  either  on  a  daily  operational  basis  or
__label__logisticstracking during  a  routine  audit.  the  system  can  utilize  barcode,  rfid,  nfc,  and  gps  technology  where  required.  keep  a  database  of  all  assets  and  manage  issues/returns  and  reservations.  openinnew  awarded  best  overall  value  from  infotech  research  group  for  the  3rd  year  in  a  row,  agiloft  offers  a  complete  asset  management  solution  out  of  the  box,  along  with  the  ability  to  quickly  customize  the  solution  to  your  exact  needs  at  a  fraction  of  the  cost  of  competing  vendors.  our  agile  platform  allows  us  to  customize  it  for  you  live  during  the  demo  so  you  get  a  trial  system  you  can  actually  use
__label__logisticstracking and  a  fast,  affordable  deployment.  start  today  with  a  custom  demo.  awarded  best  overall  value  from  infotech  research  group  for  the  3rd  year  in  a  row,  agiloft  offers  a  complete  asset  management  solution  out  of  the  box,  along  with  the  ability  to  quickly  customize  the  solution  to  your  exact  needs  at  a  fraction  of  the  cost  of  competing  vendors.  our  agile  platform  allows  us  to  customize  it  for  you  live  during  the  demo  so  you  get  a  trial  system  you  can  actually  use  and  a  fast,  affordable  deployment.  start  today  with  a  custom  demo.  sap  s/4hana,  the  nextgeneration  business  suite
__label__logisticstracking designed  to  provide  ultimate  sophistication  in  the  simplest  possible  manner.  sap  s/4hana,  the  nextgeneration  business  suite  designed  to  provide  ultimate  sophistication  in  the  simplest  possible  manner.  take  full  control  of  your  assets  with  cheqrooms  easytouse,  innovative  asset  tracking  software.  take  full  control  of  your  assets  with  cheqrooms  easytouse,  innovative  asset  tracking  software.  a  simple  to  use,  mobile  first  maintenance  software  solution  that  allows  you  to  easily  manage  assets,  pms,  wos  and  more.  a  simple  to  use,  mobile  first  maintenance  software  solution  that  allows  you  to  easily  manage  assets,  pms,  wos  and  more.  a  construction  industry  asset  management  solution  to  prevent
__label__logisticstracking missing  assets,  broken  tools,  expired  certificates  and  lapsed  maintenance.  a  construction  industry  asset  management  solution  to  prevent  missing  assets,  broken  tools,  expired  certificates  and  lapsed  maintenance.  complete  bar  code  system  with  specialized  software  designed  to  meet  a  companys  enterprisewide  asset  information  needs.  complete  bar  code  system  with  specialized  software  designed  to  meet  a  companys  enterprisewide  asset  information  needs.  asset  trailer  management  solution  that  helps  businesses  with  realtime  visibility,  detention  management  and  automated  checks.  asset  trailer  management  solution  that  helps  businesses  with  realtime  visibility,  detention  management  and  automated  checks.  lighthouse,  powered  by  team  software,  is  a  mobile  workforce  management  solution  designed
__label__logisticstracking for  the  security  and  cleaning  industries.  lighthouse,  powered  by  team  software,  is  a  mobile  workforce  management  solution  designed  for  the  security  and  cleaning  industries.  comprehensive  equipment  rental  software  for  multibranch  /  multiuser  equipment  hire  rental  companies.  comprehensive  equipment  rental  software  for  multibranch  /  multiuser  equipment  hire  rental  companies.  complete,  scalable  solution  for  managing  practically  all  types  of  assets  typically  found  on  a  construction  site.  complete,  scalable  solution  for  managing  practically  all  types  of  assets  typically  found  on  a  construction  site.  cloudbased,  software  solution  to  help  manage  dot  and  osha  safety  compliance  for  personnel,  assets,  accidents,  and  training.  cloudbased,  software  solution
__label__logisticstracking to  help  manage  dot  and  osha  safety  compliance  for  personnel,  assets,  accidents,  and  training.  tenna  affordably  tracks  and  manages  your  entire  inventory  on  one  consolidated  platform,  connecting  your  field  with  your  office.  tenna  affordably  tracks  and  manages  your  entire  inventory  on  one  consolidated  platform,  connecting  your  field  with  your  office.  hardcat  asset  management  makes  implementation  flexible  and  affordable,  choose  the  modules  to  suit  your  business  operations.  hardcat  asset  management  makes  implementation  flexible  and  affordable,  choose  the  modules  to  suit  your  business  operations.  manage  equipment  assets  the  smart  way.  save  time  by  letting  users  find  book  items  online.  automatically  track  send
__label__logisticstracking reminders.  manage  equipment  assets  the  smart  way.  save  time  by  letting  users  find  book  items  online.  automatically  track  send  reminders.  cloudbased  enterprise  mobility  platform  that  provides  continuous  monitoring  of  connected  devices  anywhere  in  the  world.  cloudbased  enterprise  mobility  platform  that  provides  continuous  monitoring  of  connected  devices  anywhere  in  the  world.  mobiwork  specializes  in  smartphone  and  cloudbased  mobile  workforce  solutions  for  anybusiness  with  employees  in  the  field  such  as  mobiwork  specializes  in  smartphone  and  cloudbased  mobile  workforce  solutions  for  anybusiness  with  employees  in  the  field  such  as  we  also  offer  data  migration  services  to  convert  over  from  antiquated  systems  and  outsource
__label__logisticstracking solutions  we  also  offer  data  migration  services  to  convert  over  from  antiquated  systems  and  outsource  solutions  mobile  form  building  system  that  offers  image  and  audio  recording,  signature  capture,  offline  data  collection,  gps,  and  mapping.  mobile  form  building  system  that  offers  image  and  audio  recording,  signature  capture,  offline  data  collection,  gps,  and  mapping.  an  easy  out  of  the  box  asset  tracking  saas  that  breaks  down  the  barriers  of  rfid  for  small  to  medium  sized  businesses.  an  easy  out  of  the  box  asset  tracking  saas  that  breaks  down  the  barriers  of  rfid  for  small  to  medium  sized  businesses.  traverse  tracking  software  records
__label__logisticstracking the  movement  of  items  from  place  to  place  or  from  person  to  person  using  bar  codes  or  rfid  traverse  tracking  software  records  the  movement  of  items  from  place  to  place  or  from  person  to  person  using  bar  codes  or  rfid  asset  tracking  and  barcoding  software  that  offers  realtime  asset  reporting,  movement  records,  asset  images  and  availability  status.  asset  tracking  and  barcoding  software  that  offers  realtime  asset  reporting,  movement  records,  asset  images  and  availability  status.  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  software  that  includes  barcoding  and  radio  frequency  and  identification  functionalities.  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  software  that  includes  barcoding  and  radio
__label__logisticstracking frequency  and  identification  functionalities.  itam  solution  offering  features  such  as  reporting,  workflow  management,  api  integrations,  and  more.  itam  solution  offering  features  such  as  reporting,  workflow  management,  api  integrations,  and  more.  activo  fix  asset  management  solutions,  jakarta  features:  asset  registration,  auditing  tracking,  depreciation,  workflow.  more.  activo  fix  asset  management  solutions,  jakarta  features:  asset  registration,  auditing  tracking,  depreciation,  workflow.  more.  tracking  of  business,  personal  it  assets  from  anywhere  and  at  any  time.  integration  with  sap  and  with  a  legacy  system.  tracking  of  business,  personal  it  assets  from  anywhere  and  at  any  time.  integration  with  sap  and  with  a  legacy  system.  schedule,  manage
__label__logisticstracking and  maintain  portable  and  fixed  equipment  and  facility  inventories.  schedule,  manage  and  maintain  portable  and  fixed  equipment  and  facility  inventories.  webbased  asset  management  solution  that  helps  firms  with  tracking  and  visibility  of  inventory.  webbased  asset  management  solution  that  helps  firms  with  tracking  and  visibility  of  inventory.  online  asset  management.  work  smarter  and  identify  assets  that  have  reoccurring  issues.  track  which  assets  need  upgrades  and  where  they  online  asset  management.  work  smarter  and  identify  assets  that  have  reoccurring  issues.  track  which  assets  need  upgrades  and  where  they  reserve.  lend.  track  everything  its  that  easy.  reserve.  lend.  track  everything  its  that  easy.
__label__logisticstracking iosbased  asset  tracking  solution  that  enables  businesses  to  track  valuable  assets  and  prevent  theft  or  loss  of  those  items.  iosbased  asset  tracking  solution  that  enables  businesses  to  track  valuable  assets  and  prevent  theft  or  loss  of  those  items.  a  gartner  magic  quadrant  leader  in  2014,  2015,  2016,  nlyte  has  the  largest  and  most  sophisticated  dcim  implementations  in  the  world.  a  gartner  magic  quadrant  leader  in  2014,  2015,  2016,  nlyte  has  the  largest  and  most  sophisticated  dcim  implementations  in  the  world.  an  asset  management  solution  that  is  automates  the  processes  of  acquisition,  recording,  allocation  and  distribution.  an  asset  management  solution  that
__label__logisticstracking is  automates  the  processes  of  acquisition,  recording,  allocation  and  distribution.  rfid  asset  tracking  solution  that  doesnt  stop  with  mere  asset  tracking  but  goes  the  extra  mile  to  help  with  industry  specific  needs  rfid  asset  tracking  solution  that  doesnt  stop  with  mere  asset  tracking  but  goes  the  extra  mile  to  help  with  industry  specific  needs  simbatraceability  solution  for  fresh  food  designed  to  work  on  the  plant  floor.  simbatraceability  solution  for  fresh  food  designed  to  work  on  the  plant  floor.  single  source  fleet  management  platform  provider  for  fleets  the  transportation  industry  single  source  fleet  management  platform  provider  for  fleets  the  transportation  industry
__label__logisticstracking sensolus  increases  the  efficiency  in  supply  chain  and  logistics  operations.  sensolus  increases  the  efficiency  in  supply  chain  and  logistics  operations.  asset  tracking  software  designed  to  control  and  manage  mobile  and  fixed  assets.  asset  tracking  software  designed  to  control  and  manage  mobile  and  fixed  assets.  apptricity  asset  is  a  mobile  and  webbased  solution  designed  to  automate  and  simplify  asset  tracking,  eliminating  manual  processes.  apptricity  asset  is  a  mobile  and  webbased  solution  designed  to  automate  and  simplify  asset  tracking,  eliminating  manual  processes.  webbased  asset  lifecycle  tracking  and  work  order  management  system,  with  a  powerful  map  interface.  webbased  asset  lifecycle  tracking  and  work
__label__logisticstracking order  management  system,  with  a  powerful  map  interface.  ensure  that  every  worker  has  the  right  qualifications,  permits  and  security  clearance,  so  they  are  safe  and  ready  to  work.  ensure  that  every  worker  has  the  right  qualifications,  permits  and  security  clearance,  so  they  are  safe  and  ready  to  work.  insight  mobile  data  develops  innovative  fleet  management,  asset  tracking  and  mobility  solutions  to  organizations  with  mobile  workforces  insight  mobile  data  develops  innovative  fleet  management,  asset  tracking  and  mobility  solutions  to  organizations  with  mobile  workforces  track  computers,  equipment,  furniture,  vehicles  and  other  valuable  assets  using  this  comprehensive  pc  application  and  barcode  scanner.  track
__label__logisticstracking computers,  equipment,  furniture,  vehicles  and  other  valuable  assets  using  this  comprehensive  pc  application  and  barcode  scanner.  trackimos  gps  tracking  platform  allows  users  to  view  and  monitor  all  assets  simultaneously  on  a  pc  or  mobile  device.  trackimos  gps  tracking  platform  allows  users  to  view  and  monitor  all  assets  simultaneously  on  a  pc  or  mobile  device.  tracmor  is  a  cloud  based  asset  and  inventory  management  system.  tracmor  is  a  cloud  based  asset  and  inventory  management  system.  allows  customers  to  locate  assets  quickly  and  track  information  like  asset  class,  type,  serial  number,  and  purchase  order.  allows  customers  to  locate  assets  quickly  and  track
__label__logisticstracking information  like  asset  class,  type,  serial  number,  and  purchase  order.  a2b  tracking  is  an  asset  management  software  platform  which  leverages  rfid  to  track  inventory  30x  faster  and  with  99  accuracy.  a2b  tracking  is  an  asset  management  software  platform  which  leverages  rfid  to  track  inventory  30x  faster  and  with  99  accuracy.  a  solution  for  enterprises  to  track  assets,  people,  and  materials  using  low  cost  bluetooth  beacon  tags  using  web  and  mobile  app.  a  solution  for  enterprises  to  track  assets,  people,  and  materials  using  low  cost  bluetooth  beacon  tags  using  web  and  mobile  app.  fuels  business  decisions  to  optimize  business  operations  and
__label__logisticstracking boost  your  profits.  fuels  business  decisions  to  optimize  business  operations  and  boost  your  profits.  asset  redeployment  management  system  allowing  companies  to  post,  track,  buy,  and  sell  equipment  not  being  used  in  its  present  location.  asset  redeployment  management  system  allowing  companies  to  post,  track,  buy,  and  sell  equipment  not  being  used  in  its  present  location.  web  based  solutions  that  cater  for  various  business  strategies  such  as  pension  management,  asset  management  multimanager  sectors.  web  based  solutions  that  cater  for  various  business  strategies  such  as  pension  management,  asset  management  multimanager  sectors.  asset  management  software  for  municipalities  asset  management  software  for  municipalities  asset  management
__label__logisticstracking software  that  offers  barcode  labeling  and  scanning,  label  design  and  printing,  user  defined  fields,  and  sql  database.  asset  management  software  that  offers  barcode  labeling  and  scanning,  label  design  and  printing,  user  defined  fields,  and  sql  database.  manages  site  qualifications  through  its  core  competency  management  system,  as  well  as  ongoing  occupational  health  assessments,  etc.  manages  site  qualifications  through  its  core  competency  management  system,  as  well  as  ongoing  occupational  health  assessments,  etc.  integrated  label,  scanner,  and  software  solutions  for  fast  paper  free  audits  of  movable  property.  integrated  label,  scanner,  and  software  solutions  for  fast  paper  free  audits  of  movable  property.  a  cloudsoftware
__label__logisticstracking suite  rugged  handheld  device  solution  designed  to  assists  material  controllers  in  tracking  construction  materials.  a  cloudsoftware  suite  rugged  handheld  device  solution  designed  to  assists  material  controllers  in  tracking  construction  materials.  solution  that  helps  businesses  track,  import,  order,  check  in  /  out,  and  manage  all  assets.  solution  that  helps  businesses  track,  import,  order,  check  in  /  out,  and  manage  all  assets.  track  corrective  actions,  risk  management,  improvement  projects,  and  audits  for  iso9001  compliance.  track  corrective  actions,  risk  management,  improvement  projects,  and  audits  for  iso9001  compliance.  asset  tracking  solution  that  helps  you  manage  and  track  equipment,  inventory,  vehicles  and  other  assets  of
__label__logisticstracking the  organization.  asset  tracking  solution  that  helps  you  manage  and  track  equipment,  inventory,  vehicles  and  other  assets  of  the  organization.  asset  management  system  with  features  like  asset  audit  and  activity  reports,  loan  /  return  reports,  and  pat  testing  reports.  asset  management  system  with  features  like  asset  audit  and  activity  reports,  loan  /  return  reports,  and  pat  testing  reports.  fixed  asset  and  inventory  management  software  with  asset  tracking  and  barcode  reading  technology.  fixed  asset  and  inventory  management  software  with  asset  tracking  and  barcode  reading  technology.  cloud  based  asset  tracking  solution  that  consists  of  an  apple  or  android  app  and  a  windows
__label__logisticstracking desktop  client.  cloud  based  asset  tracking  solution  that  consists  of  an  apple  or  android  app  and  a  windows  desktop  client.  asset  management  solution  with  features  such  as  statistics,  corrective  maintenance,  and  geographic  positioning.  asset  management  solution  with  features  such  as  statistics,  corrective  maintenance,  and  geographic  positioning.  cerebra  is  an  artificial  intelligence  platform  tuned  for  industrial  iot,  powering  usecases  across  asset  and  process  heavy  industries.  cerebra  is  an  artificial  intelligence  platform  tuned  for  industrial  iot,  powering  usecases  across  asset  and  process  heavy  industries.  citywide  asset  manager  citywide  am  is  an  enterprise  asset  management  solution  and  asset  register  that  supports  all  asset
__label__logisticstracking classes.  citywide  asset  manager  citywide  am  is  an  enterprise  asset  management  solution  and  asset  register  that  supports  all  asset  classes.  real  time,  seamless  location  monitoring  of  select  vehicles  or  other  valuable  assets  via  an  intuitive  dashboard.  real  time,  seamless  location  monitoring  of  select  vehicles  or  other  valuable  assets  via  an  intuitive  dashboard.  wynnes  software  enables  construction  companies  to  manage  their  tools  and  equipment  more  efficiently  among  numerous  job  sites.  wynnes  software  enables  construction  companies  to  manage  their  tools  and  equipment  more  efficiently  among  numerous  job  sites.  we  ensure  every  person  on  site,  and  their  equipment,  is  qualified  and  skilled  to
__label__logisticstracking be  there,  supporting  and  improving  their  safety.  we  ensure  every  person  on  site,  and  their  equipment,  is  qualified  and  skilled  to  be  there,  supporting  and  improving  their  safety.  software  system  for  time  and  attendance  data,  equipment  tracking,  inventory  control  management,  asset  tracking,  and  more.  software  system  for  time  and  attendance  data,  equipment  tracking,  inventory  control  management,  asset  tracking,  and  more.  web  based  fleet  management  software  with  tracking,  alerts,  reports,  scheduling,  elogs  and  maintenance  tools  to  help  you  run  your  fleet.  web  based  fleet  management  software  with  tracking,  alerts,  reports,  scheduling,  elogs  and  maintenance  tools  to  help  you  run  your  fleet.
__label__logisticstracking exhibitforce  delivers  an  awardwinning  erp  solution  for  a  business  of  any  size  with  customized  functionality  to  streamline  operations  a  exhibitforce  delivers  an  awardwinning  erp  solution  for  a  business  of  any  size  with  customized  functionality  to  streamline  operations  a  asset  tracking  software  for  small,  medium,  and  enterprise  environments.  asset  tracking  software  for  small,  medium,  and  enterprise  environments.  a  webbased  asset  and  spend  management  solution  that  keeps  asset,  budget,  spend  and  accounting  data  on  one  application.  a  webbased  asset  and  spend  management  solution  that  keeps  asset,  budget,  spend  and  accounting  data  on  one  application.  saas  software  for  contract,  building  and  facilities  management
__label__logisticstracking saas  software  for  contract,  building  and  facilities  management  hakuna  matata  asset  tracking  and  management  app  coupled  with  rfid/qrcode/iot  bridges  the  office  with  the  field  of  any  enterprise.  hakuna  matata  asset  tracking  and  management  app  coupled  with  rfid/qrcode/iot  bridges  the  office  with  the  field  of  any  enterprise.  track  manage  assets,  plan  new  capacity  to  acquire  the  best  value  from  legacy  assets.  track  manage  assets,  plan  new  capacity  to  acquire  the  best  value  from  legacy  assets.  infotycoon  designed  to  manage  the  full  asset  management  life  cycle  infotycoon  designed  to  manage  the  full  asset  management  life  cycle  manage  your  resources  in  connection  to
__label__logisticstracking fixed,  geographical  locations.  workflow  management,  photo  documentation,  forms,  gps  tracking.  manage  your  resources  in  connection  to  fixed,  geographical  locations.  workflow  management,  photo  documentation,  forms,  gps  tracking.  with  the  power  of  iot,  discover  indoor  and  outdoor  geolocalization,  monitor  your  assets  in  a  more  efficient  way.  with  the  power  of  iot,  discover  indoor  and  outdoor  geolocalization,  monitor  your  assets  in  a  more  efficient  way.  allinone  big  data  solution  for  the  field  service  industry.  optimize  field  operations,  increase  efficiency,  eliminate  costs,  and  more.  allinone  big  data  solution  for  the  field  service  industry.  optimize  field  operations,  increase  efficiency,  eliminate  costs,  and  more.  bar  code
__label__logisticstracking based  inventory  management  system,  that  includes  inventory,  item  tracking,  and  asset  tracking  features.  bar  code  based  inventory  management  system,  that  includes  inventory,  item  tracking,  and  asset  tracking  features.  next  generation  location  tracking  for  warehousing  and  healthcare  with  accuracy  up  to  5cm.  next  generation  location  tracking  for  warehousing  and  healthcare  with  accuracy  up  to  5cm.  you  have  lots  of  keys  and  assets  that  are  lent  out  of  your  business  daily,  you  need  a  system  that  can  handle  this  data  superfast  you  have  lots  of  keys  and  assets  that  are  lent  out  of  your  business  daily,  you  need  a  system  that  can
__label__logisticstracking handle  this  data  superfast  manage  petro  is  the  netflix  of  the  fuel  delivery  managment  backoffice  world  nobody  needs  a  blackbuster  membership  anymore.  manage  petro  is  the  netflix  of  the  fuel  delivery  managment  backoffice  world  nobody  needs  a  blackbuster  membership  anymore.  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  solution  that  allows  organizations  to  manage  their  assets.  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  solution  that  allows  organizations  to  manage  their  assets.  mix  now  is  simple,  affordable  fleet  management  software  for  small  fleets.  reduce  10  on  overall  maintenance  costs,  overtime  and  more  mix  now  is  simple,  affordable  fleet  management  software  for  small  fleets.  reduce  10  on
__label__logisticstracking overall  maintenance  costs,  overtime  and  more  asset  clarity  and  data  management  solution  that  helps  firms  with  asset  tagging,  inspections  and  permissions  asset  clarity  and  data  management  solution  that  helps  firms  with  asset  tagging,  inspections  and  permissions  payment  fusion  control  center  provides  healthcare  technology  and  security  teams  with  the  tools  to  remotely  secure,  manage,  and  monitor  payment  fusion  control  center  provides  healthcare  technology  and  security  teams  with  the  tools  to  remotely  secure,  manage,  and  monitor  providing  a  costeffective  inventory  management  system  that  enables  organizations  to  conduct  inventory  counts  with  ease.  providing  a  costeffective  inventory  management  system  that  enables  organizations  to  conduct
__label__logisticstracking inventory  counts  with  ease.  skypatrol  protekgps  is  the  master  and  global  leader  in  fleet  management  systems  skypatrol  protekgps  is  the  master  and  global  leader  in  fleet  management  systems  composite  hardware  software  iot  solution  for  rfid  container  and  asset  tagging  and  tracking.  used  by  yard  managers  and  manufacturers.  composite  hardware  software  iot  solution  for  rfid  container  and  asset  tagging  and  tracking.  used  by  yard  managers  and  manufacturers.  razor  tracking  is  the  1  agribusiness  logistics  software  platform  in  the  nation.  we  provide  powerful  and  easy  to  use  equipment,  vehicle  razor  tracking  is  the  1  agribusiness  logistics  software  platform  in  the  nation.  we
__label__logisticstracking provide  powerful  and  easy  to  use  equipment,  vehicle  real  estate  asset  database  for  tracking  and  storing  data  used  by  real  estate  investment  trust  reit  funds  and  insurance  companies.  real  estate  asset  database  for  tracking  and  storing  data  used  by  real  estate  investment  trust  reit  funds  and  insurance  companies.  track  almost  anything,  anytime,  anywhere.  no  rfid,  no  chip,  no  hardware.  track  almost  anything,  anytime,  anywhere.  no  rfid,  no  chip,  no  hardware.  webbased  school  asset  tracking  software  with  qr  asset  tagging,  scanning,  document  and  media  storage,  and  network  management.  webbased  school  asset  tracking  software  with  qr  asset  tagging,  scanning,  document  and  media
__label__logisticstracking storage,  and  network  management.  endtoend  management  platform  for  your  wireless  iot  assets.  manage  automate  all  your  requests,  procurement,  devices,  and  bills.  endtoend  management  platform  for  your  wireless  iot  assets.  manage  automate  all  your  requests,  procurement,  devices,  and  bills.  siteintel  is  a  dynamic  site  /  asset  /  image  capture  tracking  application  that  consolidates  data  from  multiple  sources  to  the  cloud  siteintel  is  a  dynamic  site  /  asset  /  image  capture  tracking  application  that  consolidates  data  from  multiple  sources  to  the  cloud  the  software  provides  tracking  and  management  of  both  company  and  customer  property  and  meets  federal  government  property  requirements.  the  software
__label__logisticstracking provides  tracking  and  management  of  both  company  and  customer  property  and  meets  federal  government  property  requirements.  asure  smartmove  allows  companies  to  efficiently  manage  people,  space,  and  asset  datawith  just  one  system.  asure  smartmove  allows  companies  to  efficiently  manage  people,  space,  and  asset  datawith  just  one  system.  cloud  based  solution  for  small  midsized  companies.  features  include  ,  spend  /  asset  management,  purchasing,  and  collaboration  tools.  cloud  based  solution  for  small  midsized  companies.  features  include  ,  spend  /  asset  management,  purchasing,  and  collaboration  tools.  cafm,  cmms,  iwms...  with  easy  access  to  drawings  floor  plans,  maps,  charts  cafm,  cmms,  iwms...  with  easy  access
__label__logisticstracking to  drawings  floor  plans,  maps,  charts  saas  solution  that  enables  businesses  to  track  and  manage  assets,  generate  purchase  orders  and  schedule  reports.  saas  solution  that  enables  businesses  to  track  and  manage  assets,  generate  purchase  orders  and  schedule  reports.  an  asset  and  management  tracking  system  that  is  simple  and  easy  to  use  with  no  complicated  or  expensive  barcode  equipment  required.  an  asset  and  management  tracking  system  that  is  simple  and  easy  to  use  with  no  complicated  or  expensive  barcode  equipment  required.  tegos  plugandplay  asset  tracking  system  with  edge  computingcapabilities  is  ideal  for  distributed  workforce  and  assets  on  the  move.  tegos  plugandplay
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  system  with  edge  computingcapabilities  is  ideal  for  distributed  workforce  and  assets  on  the  move.  monitor.  automate.  manage  your  business  in  realtime.  monitor.  automate.  manage  your  business  in  realtime.  webbased  tracking  solution  to  give  construction,  mining  and  oil  gas  companies  control  visibility  over  their  assets.  webbased  tracking  solution  to  give  construction,  mining  and  oil  gas  companies  control  visibility  over  their  assets.  gpsenabled  mobile  tracking  application  for  businesses  that  helps  remain  connected  to  assets  and  employees.  gpsenabled  mobile  tracking  application  for  businesses  that  helps  remain  connected  to  assets  and  employees.  online  asset,  equipment  rental,  job  management  tailored  to  fit  your
__label__logisticstracking business  needs,  not  the  other  way  around.  online  asset,  equipment  rental,  job  management  tailored  to  fit  your  business  needs,  not  the  other  way  around.  an  intuitive  yet  powerful  information  management  platform  that  offers  a  high  degree  of  customization  and  flexibility.  an  intuitive  yet  powerful  information  management  platform  that  offers  a  high  degree  of  customization  and  flexibility.  fixed  assets  tracking  tool  that  enables  retaining  information  about  assets  through  summary  reports  and  custom  fields.  fixed  assets  tracking  tool  that  enables  retaining  information  about  assets  through  summary  reports  and  custom  fields.  a  software  to  record  and  manage  your  fixed  assets  inventory  with  tracking
__label__logisticstracking features  via  web  or  app.  a  software  to  record  and  manage  your  fixed  assets  inventory  with  tracking  features  via  web  or  app.  its  time  to  take  control  of  the  things  that  matter,  and  verizon  connect  asset  tracking  solutions  are  here  to  help.  its  time  to  take  control  of  the  things  that  matter,  and  verizon  connect  asset  tracking  solutions  are  here  to  help.  delivers  business  insights  and  value  by  providing  information  on  the  location,  status,  condition  and  history  of  your  assets.  delivers  business  insights  and  value  by  providing  information  on  the  location,  status,  condition  and  history  of  your  assets.  webbased  solution
__label__logisticstracking that  provides  retail  management  through  dashboards,  item  chain,  merchandising,  verification  processes  and  more.  webbased  solution  that  provides  retail  management  through  dashboards,  item  chain,  merchandising,  verification  processes  and  more.  streamlines  your  auditing  and  reporting  with  automated  alerts  to  reduce  the  consumption  of  asset  management  resources.  streamlines  your  auditing  and  reporting  with  automated  alerts  to  reduce  the  consumption  of  asset  management  resources.  zedasasset  is  an  asset  tracking  software  for  maintenance  and  technical  asset  management  that  provides  optimization.  zedasasset  is  an  asset  tracking  software  for  maintenance  and  technical  asset  management  that  provides  optimization.  an  interactive  solution  with  features  for  livedata  capture,  collaboration,  multilevel
__label__logisticstracking reporting,  asset  data  management,  and  more.  an  interactive  solution  with  features  for  livedata  capture,  collaboration,  multilevel  reporting,  asset  data  management,  and  more.  asset  tracking  software  enables  you  to  label  or  barcode  your  equipment,  manage  the  lifecycle  of  your  assets,  track  asset  locations,  and  create  accurate  usage  reports  with  performance  analytics.  about  capterra  for  buyers  for  vendors  settings  contact  us  select  your  country:
__label__logisticstracking traditional  or  modern  or  the  highly  advanced  the  key  to  profitability  in  manufacturing,  both  product,  and  process  manufacturing,  is  in  the  most  productive  utilization  of  your  assets,  physical  as  well  as  human.  a  performancedriven  company  would  be  obsessed  with  quantifying,  tracking,  measuring,  and  monitoring  their  assets.  thanks  to  the  power  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  managing  your  assets  is  now  smarter  than  ever  because  it  is  now  accurate,  comprehensive,  intelligent  and  realtime.  and  compared  to  legacy  models  of  asset  management,  giving  you  a  competitive  advantage  if  deployed  right  and  quick.  lets  see  how  it  works.  before  diving  deep  into
__label__logisticstracking the  discussion,  lets  have  some  insights  on  what  is  iot,  its  growth  and  how  it  improves  asset  tracking  process.  the  below  infographics  would  help  you  understand  the  significance  of  iot  in  asset  tracking.  well,  by  now  youd  have  got  an  idea  of  how  iotenabled  asset  tracking  benefits  manufacturing.  the  sections  below  will  help  you  understand  the  comprehensive  with  iot.  asset  tracking  refers  to  tracking  with  the  help  of  mobile  and  sensors  embedded  on  vehicles,  assets,  and  employees.  through  iotbased  equipment  and  capital  assettracking  solution,  you  can  know  the  location,  status,  and  operating  performance  of  assets  across  your  operations  in  realtime.
__label__logisticstracking this  will  help  you  better  monitor  equipment,  track  inventory,  service  equipment,  and  make  workers  more  efficient.  the  advanced  digital  capability  also  allows  assets  to  be  tracked  and  monitored  remotely.  as  companies  improve  their  means  to  capture  asset  use,  managers  and  employees  can  begin  benefiting  from  realtime  operational  insights;  improving  agility  and  creating  better  use.  with  iot,  you  can  monitor  your  machinery  without  manual  intervention.  with  realtime  asset  health  monitoring,  a  manufacturing  plant  can  achieve  lower  operational  costs  by  monitoring  equipment  and  operating  parameters  to  automatically  trigger  alerts  and  protectively  initiate  a  service  response.  iot  sensors  placed  throughout  a  factory  can
__label__logisticstracking determine  when  machines  require  maintenance  or  alert  plant  managers  if  the  temperature  or  humidity  levels  are  too  high  for  sensitive  processes  such  as  painting  or  mixing  ingredients.  a  consumer  packaged  goods  company  can  use  the  asset  and  material  tracking  to  detect  and  reduce  theft  and  maintain  inventory  levels  by  tagging  and  tracking  products  throughout  the  supply  chain.  a  process  manufacturing  unit  can  use  connected  operations  intelligence  to  achieve  cost  savings  by  effecting  changes  in  their  procurement  model  based  on  realtime  consumable  data.  a  strong  sensing  and  analyticsbased  tracking  solution  can  help  you  create  a  more  efficient  assembly  line.  by  connecting
__label__logisticstracking locationtracking  sensors  on  the  production  line  including  beacons  on  workers,  rfid  tags  on  products,  and  rsp  readers  on  workstations  and  integrating  datavisualization  tools,  you  can  enable  your  production  managers  can  track  key  performance  indicators  at  workstations,  see  where  defects  occur,  understand  their  causes,  and  immediately  address  them.  they  can  identify  delays  in  the  assembly  line  down  to  individual  operators,  increase  process  compliance,  and  introduce  predictability.  being  assetintensive,  manufacturing  companies  face  tight  budgets,  stringent  regulations  and  high  pressure  to  improve  asset  performance,  even  while  being  confronted  with  aging  assets  and  workforce.  managing  an  asset  with  these  challenges  requires  informed  decisionmaking  based
__label__logisticstracking on  insight,  knowledge  and  forecasting.  data  is  a  powerful  tool  to  achieve  this  goal.  thanks  to  iot,  measurement  techniques  that  were  complex  and  expensive  are  now  more  affordable,  accessible  and  increasingly  important.  even  as  you  enhance  your  operations  and  supply  chain  as  a  connected  enterprise  building  an  analytics  layer  on  top  of  it  helps  you  find  field  data  faster  and  immediately  available  for  processing.  add  to  that  the  power  of  having  more  relevant  measurements  and  observations  of  superior  quality  at  your  fingertips  leads  to  informed  decisionmaking.  track,  monitor,  and  measure  can  also  be  applied  to  human  resources  provided  enough  care
__label__logisticstracking is  taken  to  protect  privacy  and  compliance  with  local  laws.  for  example,  sensors  embedded  in  employee  uniforms  and  helmets,  in  some  of  the  industries,  can  detect  hazardous  conditions  such  as  toxic  gases,  or  warn  of  overexertion  based  on  the  reading  of  an  employees  heartbeat.  in  another  example,  gpsenabled  devices  or  mobile  applications  help  track  the  precise  physical  location  of  workers  in  order  to  deploy  them  most  efficiently  to  new  work  assignments.  a  typical  iot  smart  asset  management  solution  comprises  remote  asset  tracking,  asset  health/condition  monitoring,  ,  asset  workflow  automation,  and  predictive  asset  maintenance.  you  need  an  endtoend  solution,  which  includes
__label__logisticstracking recommendations  on  what  devices  to  adopt,  building  an  iot  platform,  implementing  analytics,  and  using  digital  solutions  to  integrate  the  enterprise.  is  your  asset  management  system  conventional?  transform  the  process  now  with  the  nextgeneration  iot  solution.  required  fields  are  marked  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies
__label__logisticstracking will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed
__label__logisticstracking when  a  part  or  tool  goes  missing,  a  production  line  has  to  adjust  and  work  around  the  disruption.  if  this  happens  multiple  times  each  day,  it  quickly  eats  into  fabrication  times  and  revenues.  delays  also  drive  up  costs  for  warehousing,  production,  labor,  and  more.  its  a  big  problem,  with  a  tiny  solution.  asset  tracking,  whether  its  parts,  people,  or  equipment,  is  incorporating  internet  of  things  iot  advancements  with  thin  tags  that  can  be  automatically  tracked  throughout  the  factory  or  yard.  iot  bluetooth  lowenergy  ble  devices  are  joining  passive  rfid  in  the  asset  management  and  tracking  space.  its  a  new  way
__label__logisticstracking to  track  that  comes  with  tradeoffs  in  battery  life  and  cost  against  improved  functionality.  each  excels  in  distinct  ways,  and  well  be  considering  a  few  reasons  that  asset  monitoring  iot  platforms  can  be  beneficial  for  todays  manufacturers.  most  manufacturing  plants  rely  on  barcode  scanning  to  track  a  component  as  it  moves  through  production.  workers  scan  traveler  documents  after  completing  each  step,  and  then  both  the  product  and  the  paperwork  move  on  to  the  next  phase.  as  with  any  humandriven  process,  mistakes  can  occur  and  slow  things  down.  iot  asset  management  solutions  minimize  these  risks  by  updating  component  location  as  soon
__label__logisticstracking as  they  arrive.  they  can  even  automatically  update  again  as  product  and  paperwork  leave  a  station.  empower  your  erp  to  better  understand  your  operations  and  have  a  consistent  understanding  of  where  your  components  are.  and  save  your  employees  valuable  time  by  reducing  unnecessary  search  time.  when  exceptions  occur  and  a  piece  needs  to  be  reworked,  traditional  barcode  systems  can  break  down.  the  automated  nature  of  iot  asset  tracking  platforms  allows  them  to  update  a  current  status  report  automatically.  erp  systems  can  take  this  data  to  understand  how  many  elements  are  at  each  step  in  the  manufacturing  process,  all  without  staff
__label__logisticstracking having  to  worry  how  to  scan  a  barcode  when  the  normal  flow  is  interrupted.  many  of  todays  largescale  manufacturers  employ  expeditors  in  each  shift.  these  team  members  typically  scour  the  factory  floor  and  different  product  areas  to  locate  the  pieces  that  are  missing  or  misplaced.  weve  seen  partners  use  multiple  expeditors  in  each  shift  to  be  able  to  locate  the  components  and  parts  that  dont  make  it  from  one  work  center  to  the  next  on  time.  iot  asset  tracking  solutions  speed  up  this  process  significantly.  by  continuously  recording  location  and  movement  within  the  factory,  expeditors  can  significantly  speed  up  their
__label__logisticstracking activities.  your  team  also  can  often  .  many  asset  monitoring  iot  platforms  can  be  configured  to  automatically  send  out  warnings  or  notices  with  location  information  when  a  certain  asset  has  not  moved  to  the  next  stage  in  a  certain  amount  of  time.  floor  teams  are  busy.  notifications  that  a  part  is  ready  to  move  to  the  next  stage  or  an  alert  that  it  has  sat  in  a  rework  station  for  hours  can  be  the  right  reminder  they  need  to  keep  your  processes  moving  and  efficient.  realtime  location  information  enables  expeditors  to  address  the  most  impactful  problems  as  they  occur.  active
__label__logisticstracking based  dont  require  assets  to  pass  through  specific  gates  that  are  common  in  passive  rfid  deployments.  you  deploy  forklifts,  walkie  stackers,  side  loaders,  and  other  equipment  where  theyre  needed.  if  a  tracking  system  doesnt  cover  the  whole  facility,  location  data  for  important  equipment  can  be  missed,  since  the  most  efficient  usage  or  immediate  need  doesnt  always  involve  running  past  a  fixed  location  so  that  an  old  rfid  gate  could  track  them.  iot  asset  tracking  systems  can  provide  continuous  indoor  and  outdoor  mapping  using  whatever  is  available,  such  as  .  iot  sensors  support  a  long  readrange  and  can  even  include  multiple
__label__logisticstracking sensors  and  data  options,  allowing  you  to  track  physical  location,  condition  e.g.  temperature,  as  well  as  overall  usage.  automatically  keeping  tabs  on  the  hours  of  service  for  each  device  can  help  you  ensure  they  get  the  scheduled  maintenance  they  need.  protect  your  people  and  equipment  while  meeting  its  warranty  requirements  too.  at  the  same  time,  youre  able  to  design  factory  floors  to  best  fit  production.  standard  iotbased  systems  can  easily  adapt  to  virtually  any  layout.  you  can  prioritize  your  floor  for  efficiency  and  adjust  as  needed  without  having  to  remove  fixed,  expensive  readers.  raw  ingredients  present  significant  challenges  for  manufacturers,
__label__logisticstracking especially  when  it  comes  to  perishable  goods.  the  larger  a  manufacturer  scales,  the  more  of  an  issue  they  can  become  without  proper  asset  tracking  systems.  if  youre  using  a  55gallon/200l  barrel  of  cream,  for  instance,  it  can  be  tempting  for  workers  to  grab  the  barrel  thats  closest  to  the  door  instead  of  the  oldest.  not  following  fifo  may  lead  to  more  spoilage  and  waste.  an  iot  tracking  system  can  introduce  a  check  for  the  worker  to  verify  that  the  proper  barrel  is  being  used  or  can  automatically  warn  floor  leads  that  a  barrel  still  in  storage  is  nearing  its  expiration
__label__logisticstracking date.  some  tags  also  include  thermometers,  so  warnings  can  also  prevent  spoilage  if  a  refrigerator  fails  or  a  door  is  left  open.  functionality  such  as  temperature  sensing  is  a  made  possible  by  batterypowered  iot  systems.  iot  realtime  asset  tracking  solutions  help  manufacturers  extend  their  justintime  manufacturing  processes  to  their  suppliers.  you  can  lower  the  amount  of  safety  margin  you  have  in  your  supply  chain  by  tracking  assets  not  only  in  your  facilities  but  also  at  vendors  and  over  the  road.  you  can  visualize  issues  with  assets  weeks  ahead  of  time  to  understand  what  you  need  to  prepare  for  now.  its
__label__logisticstracking a  simple  and  effective  way  to  reduce  safety  margins  and  improve  your  ability  to  save  money  and  protect  your  production.  talk  to  us  to  learn  how  you  might  apply  this  to  your  plant  and  the  variety  of  benefits  you  might  see.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  by  link  labs,  inc.  130  holiday  ct.  annapolis,  md  21401  call  us:
__label__logisticstracking modern  institutions  require  high  quality  maintenance,  especially  when  it  comes  to  equipment  and  estimation  of  available  resources.  staff  are  often  involved  into  searching  for  assets  around  a  facility,  which  is  timeconsuming  and  generates  additional  costs.  asset  tracking  enables  the  realtime  identification  of  equipment  and  devices,  resolving  staff  problems  simultaneously.  the  solution  is  available  in  two  complementary  systems:  with  comarch  beacon  and  with  comarch  rfid.  each  one  finds  application  in  various  sectors  and  institutions,  contributing  to  cost  reduction,  efficiency  improvement  and  process  optimization.  comarch  asset  tracking  is  a  comprehensive  solution  provided  in  saas  software  as  a  service  or  deployment  model.  it
__label__logisticstracking is  composed  of  transmitters  comarch  beacons,  ble  bracelets  rfid  tags  and  receivers  iot  hubs  connected  to  a  cloud  database  iot  platform.  transmitters  are  installed  on  tracked  objects.  location  information  is  collected  by  iot  hubs  installed  in  crucial  places  such  as  rooms,  corridors  and  storage  locations.  after  the  iot  hub  transfers  the  data  to  the  iot  platform,  that  information  becomes  accessible  online  via  web  and  mobile  applications.  additionally,  the  iot  platform  allows  easy  control  and  management  by  defining  simple  rules  and  alerts.  comarch  beacon/ble  bracelet  is  a  compact  ble  bluetooth  low  energy  device  broadcasting  a  radio  signal,  readable  for  example  by
__label__logisticstracking any  smartphone.  beacon/ble  bracelet  provides  a  realtime  signal  to  the  iot  hub,  which  is  a  gateway  connecting  all  beacons  to  iot  platform.  beacon/ble  bracelet  can  be  equipped  with  additional  sensors  like  accelerometer  or  temperature  making  it  perfect  for  tracking  sensitive  objects.  rfid  tag  is  a  simple  sticker,  using  passive  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  technology.  passive  means  that  an  rfid  tag  does  not  broadcast  any  signal  by  itself.  each  asset  equipped  with  an  rfid  tag  is  detectable  when  it  is  near  an  iot  hub  with  rfid  reader.  on  sensing  the  connection,  the  iot  hub  provides  the  information  to  iot  platform  that
__label__logisticstracking the  asset  has  been  moved  outside  or  within  a  given  area.  copyright  2015  2019  comarch  sa.  all  rights  reserved.  our  site  uses  cookies  to  better  meet  your  requirements.  proper  configuration  of  browser  options  allows  you  to  block  or  remove  cookies  but  can  also  cause  the  site  to  not  function  properly  or  even  at  all.by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  with  no  change  to  your  browser  settings,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  we  changed  our  privacy  policy  for  cookies  and  other  similar  technologies.
__label__logisticstracking physical  assets  can  be  single  items  or  huge  complex  structures,  containing  tens  of  thousands  of  sensors.  these  sensors  and  assets  require  maintenance  of  different  types.  electrical,  mechanical,  hydraulic,  software  and  even  compliancebased,  to  ensure  the  physical  asset  is  operating  within  regulatory  frameworks.  iot  technology  can  help  with  the  process  of  asset  management,  making  it  proactive,  automated  and  more  intelligent.  the  volume  of  iotenabled  equipment  and  edge  computing  devices  that  may  be  collecting  data  in  a  typical  physical  asset  driven  environment  can  be  enormous.  sensors,  external  data,  archived  data,  thermometers,  mobile  devices  and  so  on  many  of  which  may  also  be
__label__logisticstracking remote  and  unmanned.  to  release  the  value  of  this  information,  an  optimal  solution  is  to  deploy  a  cloudbased  platform  that  can  unify,  process  and  analyse  all  this  data  from  the  assets.  then  organisations  can  benefit  from  realtime,  continually  updated  analysis  of  performance,  trends,  equipment  status,  historical  data,  events,  external  data  and  other  for  optimal  insight.  iot  can  change  your  current  asset  management  practice  into  an  automated,  intelligent  and  unified  approach  one  that  enhances  your  productivity  and  improves  your  bottom  line.  for  more  information  2019  crayon  group
__label__logisticstracking but  more  than  container  tracking,  iot  technology  has  evolved  to  allow  businesses  to  track  the  contents  of  containers  as  well.  .  this  is  mainly  because  asset  tracking  can  increase  visibility  and  protection  for  highvalue  assets  through  geofence  alerts,  as  well  as  monitoring  maintenance  requirements  before  accidents  or  malfunctions  occur.  these  initiatives  towards  safer  shipments  show  how  asset  management  can  help  enterprises  effectively  keep  an  eye  on  their  physical  assets.  and  with  the  implementation  of  iot  technology,  asset  management  can  be  further  enhanced  in  the  following  ways:  last  march,  .  adidas  ceo  kasper  rorsted  explained  that  its  suppliers  couldnt  measure  up
__label__logisticstracking to  the  sudden  increase  of  product  demand,  as  the  company  did  not  predict  nor  prepare  for  such  an  event.  a  supply  chain  failure  such  as  this  one,  which  can  mean  millions  in  opportunity  costs,  can  be  averted  with  the  help  of  iotenabled  asset  management.  the  realtime  visibility  that  iot  technology  provides  allows  its  sensors  to  accurately  control  a  companys  inventory.  this  will  not  only  help  manufacturers  properly  schedule  their  supply  production,  but  it  will  also  estimate  the  necessary  quantity  as  well.  moreover,  iotenabled  asset  management  can  optimise  a  companys  supply  chain  as  a  whole  with  the  automatisation  of  factory  management.
__label__logisticstracking by  using  a  centralised  dashboard,  businesses  can  easily  monitor  their  assets  thanks  to  the  realtime  updates,  performance  data,  and  gps  services  that  an  iot  system  provides.  these  developments  are  partly  why  the  across  various  sectors  this  year.  indeed,  both  the  automotive  and  construction  industries  are  investing  a  significant  amount  of  money  in  iot  technology  for  tracking  their  valuable  goods.  these  businesses  will  integrate  iotenabled  asset  tracking  solutions  by  applying  sensors  in  their  vehicles  and  construction  equipment,  respectively.  in  turn,  the  sensors  will  be  able  to  report  to  manufacturers  how  well  their  products  are  working  automatically  no  matter  where  they  may
__label__logisticstracking be.  another  key  advantage  of  iotenabled  asset  tracking  is  in  predictive  maintenance,  as  medivators,  a  medical  equipment  manufacturer  that  recently  invested  in  the  iot,  can  attest  to.  by  connecting  their  equipment  to  the  cloud,  the  company  saw  a  78  increase  in  software  issue  diagnosis  and  correction  without  the  presence  of  a  field  technician.  ,  and  that  they  are  able  to  better  diagnose  issues  remotely,  and  send  out  a  software  patch  or  a  fix  without  having  to  roll  out  a  truck  to  fix  it.  given  this,  it  should  be  no  surprise  as  to  why  more  and  more  industries  believe  iot  technology
__label__logisticstracking can  improve  the  quality  of  the  overall  quality  of  their  assets.  for  example,  automobile  manufacturers  would  normally  perform  periodic  maintenance  once  month  at  least,  which  is  very  costly,  as  it  would  require  the  plant  to  shut  down  for  a  day.  in  contrast,  predictive  maintenance  not  only  checks  the  quality  of  an  asset,  but  also  searches  for  errors  it  can  correct  during  the  production  process.  the  cars  themselves  can  also  be  configured  to  be  part  of  the  iot,  so  that  their  safety  will  be  thoroughly  reviewed  both  before  and  after  being  released  into  the  market.  we  at  lemonbeat  wish  to  encourage
__label__logisticstracking an  open  discussion  culture.  whilst  using  a  real  name  is  not  mandatory,  we  encourage  all  participants  to  comment  in  a  respectful  manner.  we  reserve  our  right  to  shorten  or  delete  posts  that  do  not  match  common  quality  standards.  please  note  that  by  giving  a  comment,  the  website  will  store  your  ipadress  as  well  as  the  name  and  email  adress  you  enter.  therefor  please  check  our  statement  before  you  post  wir  von  lemonbeat  mchten  eine  offene  diskussionskultur  frdern.  obwohl  die  verwendung  eines  echten  namens  nicht  zwingend  vorgeschrieben  ist,  ermutigen  wir  alle  teilnehmer,  sich  respektvoll  zu  uern.  wir  behalten  uns  das  recht
__label__logisticstracking vor,  beitrge  zu  krzen  oder  zu  lschen,  die  nicht  den  blichen  qualittsstandards  entsprechen.  bitte  beachten  sie,  dass  die  website  ihre  ipadresse  sowie  den  namen  und  die  emailadresse,  die  sie  hier  eingeben,  speichert.  beachten  sie  daher  bitte  auch  unsere  bevor  sie  posten  required  fields  are  marked  download  now  die  kollegen  manuel  und  thomas  bild  sind  heute  nach  mailand,  um  zusammen  mit  unserem  partner  servitly  an  der  perfektionierung  unserer  visualisierungsplattform  fr  unsere  iot  monitoring  lsungen  zu  feilen.  mit  erleichterung  stellen  wir  fest:  dort  ist  es  auch  kalt  greetings  just  in:  umfrage  beim  innogy  forum  energieeffizienz  2019  im  dortmunderu.  wir  denken,  das  kann
__label__logisticstracking ruhig  mal  so  stehen  bleiben.  trends  zukunft  lemonbeat  guten  morgen  so  langsam  kommt  auch  bei  uns  weihnachtsstimmung  auf  mehr  dazu  gibts  brigens  hier:  lemonbeats  lean  building  management,  2  anwendungen,  1  technologie  lemonbeats  lean  building  management  lsung  fr  kostenoptimierte  ableseprozesse  und  effektive  kundenbindung  fr  netzbetreibern  und  energievertriebe.  www.lemonbeat.de  nur  ein  klitzekleiner  eindruck  von  dem,  was  die  dashboards  unserer  leanbuildingmanagement  lsung  leisten.  aktuelle  status  der  heizkessel,  pumpen,  balgengaszhler.  fehlt  jetzt  nur  noch  der  tempsensor  im  bro.  so  kalt  ist  es  hier  drin  nmlich  nicht...  wespeakiot  iot  20172018  lemonbeat  gmbh  stay  alert  by  importing  our  or  find  us  on
__label__logisticstracking iot  asset  tracking  is  a  fastgrowing  phenomenon  across  a  number  of  industries.  it  is  expected  that  ,  there  will  be  267  million  active  asset  trackers  in  use  worldwide  for  agriculture,  supply  chain,  construction,  mining,  and  other  markets.  and  its  no  wonderfor  assetintensive  organizations,  utilization,  risk,  and  return  on  assets  are  critical  elements  with  regard  to  staying  competitive.  would  your  business  benefit  from  an  iot  tracking  system?  keep  reading  to  find  out.  asset  tracking  refers  to  monitoring  the  location  of  specific  assets  that  are  important  to  your  business,  whether  those  assets  are  hammers,  xray  machines,  vehicles,  shipping  crates,  or  even  people.
__label__logisticstracking real  time  asset  tracking  means  tracking  the  movement  of  an  asset  as  it  occurs,  so  you  know  its  whereabouts  at  all  times.  how  does  the  iot  fit  in?  rather  than  tracking  assets  manuallyhaving  a  supervisor  fill  out  a  form  stating  that  an  asset  arrived  at  a  specific  location,  for  exampleiot  tracking  systems  use  sensors  and  asset  management  software  to  track  things  automatically.  assets  to  be  tracked  are  affixed  with  sensors,  which  continuously  or  periodically  broadcast  their  location  information  over  the  internet;  the  software  then  displays  that  information  for  you  to  see.  the  various  types  of  iot  asset  tracking  systems  differ
__label__logisticstracking in  the  way  in  which  the  location  information  is  transmitted,  usually  via  gps,  wifi,  or  cellular  networks.  with  sensor  technology  having  advanced  to  the  point  where  the  costs  are  quite  low,  the  biggest  expense  now  associated  with  iot  asset  tracking  is  internet  connectivityan  area  that  continues  to  develop  and  will  likely  drive  even  bigger  growth  as  more  lowercost  options  arise.  poor  management  of  physical  assets  can  be  detrimental  to  productivity,  and  have  a  negative  impact  on  the  bottom  line.  your  company  could  be  losing  hundreds  of  thousands  of  dollars  in  time  wasted  searching  for  equipment;  in  some  cases,  like  construction,
__label__logisticstracking the  can  also  add  up  significantly.  asset  tracking  provides  a  way  to  address  these  and  other  challenges,  no  matter  what  industry  youre  in:  can  every  business  requires  a  different  approach  to  asset  tracking;  we  can  help  design  yours.  has  everything  you  need  to  get  started,  including  a  ;  a  ;  and  an  that  simplifies  the  management  of  it  all.  if  youd  like  to  talk  with  us  about  our  real  time  asset  tracking  solution  and  how  it  might  work  for  you,  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645
__label__logisticstracking hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is  a  publicly  traded  leader  in  sustainable  energy,  energy  conservation  solutions,  and  iot  technology.  to  learn  more  about  our  corporate  governance  visit  our  .
__label__logisticstracking announcing  maximo  asset  monitor:  advanced  aipowered  remote  monitoring  at  enterprise  scale  support  realtime  data  collection  from  iot  devices  and  use  diagnostic  and  analysis  tools  to  optimize  the  availability,  reliability  and  usable  life  of  your  assets.  extend  equipment  lifecycles  by  optimizing  your  maintenance  strategy.  embed  risk  management  into  business  processes  and  improve  return  on  investment.  enhance  equipment  maintenance  practices  with  iot  and  ai.  use  tracking  and  traceability  to  meet  increasingly  complex  health,  safety  and  environmental  requirements.  establish  a  single  technology  system  to  manage  virtually  all  asset  types.  unify  and  standardize  processes  for  wideranging  asset  functions  across  your  entire  enterprise.  idc  analyst
__label__logisticstracking report  positions  ibm  as  a  worldwide  leader  for  saas  and  cloudenabled  assetintensive  enterprise  asset  management  eam.  preventive  maintenance  software  helps  you  maintain  equipment  for  stable,  continuous  operations,  ensures  warranty  compliance  and  helps  you  get  ahead  of  issues  that  can  impact  production.  computerized  maintenance  management  systems  cmms  tell  you  where  an  asset  is,  what  it  needs,  who  should  work  on  it  and  when.  it  makes  critical  asset  management  workflow  automated,  accessible  and  auditable.  remotely  monitor  critical  assets  and  operations  with  aipowered  monitoring  at  enterprise  scale.  aggregate  operating  state  and  it  data  with  process  parameters  across  repositories  to  provide  enterprisewide  visibility  into
__label__logisticstracking performance  and  receive  fewer,  more  accurate  alerts  and  greater  insights.  essential  insights  for  intelligent  asset  maintenance  and  operation  enable  aipowered  monitoring  at  enterprise  scale  with  ibm  maximo  asset  management,  cheniere  is  building  up  a  rich  store  of  data  on  how  its  assets  perform.  with  ibm  maximo,  cheniere  approaches  the  u.s.  shale  boom  with  predictive  maintenance,  optimized  repairs  and  reduced  costs  to  prolong  the  life  of  assets  over  time.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  means  using  some  kind  of  management  system,  software  or  solution  to  control,  track  and  maintain  an  organizations  physical,  technological  and  even  human  assets.  the  primary  objective  of  eam
__label__logisticstracking is  to  optimize  the  quality  and  utilization  of  assets  while  reducing  costs.  in  almost  every  assetintensive  industry,  organizations  are  challenged  with  how  to  maximize  the  value  of  assets  throughout  their  lifecycle.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  provides  a  way  for  organizations  to  track,  assess,  manage  and  optimize  the  quality,  reliability  and  maintenance  of  a  wide  range  of  physical  and  technological  assets.  as  a  result,  organizations  can  wield  greater  control  of  the  complex  asset  environments  necessary  for  bottomline  results.  an  enterprise  asset  management  eam  framework  guides  asset  management  initiatives  through  the  use  of  common  standards,  such  as  iso  55000.  ibm  maximo  provides
__label__logisticstracking an  integrated  approach  to  eam  for  managing  discrete  or  complex  assets,  which  helps  organizations  break  down  silos  to  align  operations  with  overall  business  objectives.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  software,  such  as  ibm  maximo,  delivers  a  cloudbased  framework  for  managing  assets  with  options  to  address  the  specific  needs  of  complex  industries,  including  utilities,  oil  and  gas,  mining,  manufacturing,  transportation,  life  sciences,  healthcare,  nuclear  power  and  service  providers.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  is  designed  to  help  assetintensive  organizations  manage  their  assets  through  several  core  capabilities,  including  work  management,  asset  management,  planning  and  scheduling,  supply  chain  management  and  health  and  safety  initiatives.  enterprise
__label__logisticstracking asset  management  eam  is  the  optimal  lifecycle  management  of  an  organizations  physical  assets,  whereas  a  cmms,  which  stands  for  computerized  maintenance  management  system,is  one  aspect  of  eam,  focused  on  maintaining  data  about  the  maintenance  operations  of  an  organization.  todays  enterprise  assets  are  connected  in  a  complex  ecosystem,  pulling  in  reams  of  data  from  the  internet  of  things  iot.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  can  help  you  put  that  data  to  work  drawing  out  insights  to  make  better  decisions  and  automate  activities.  this  improved  decisionmaking  drives  optimized  operations  and  enables  bestinclass  maintenance  programs.  an  enterprise  asset  management  eam  solution  like  ibm  maximo
__label__logisticstracking is  designed  to  optimize  management  of  an  organizations  assets  for  added  value  in  many  areas,  including:  reduced  operational  costs  reduced  equipment  downtime  decreased  inventory  maintenance  and  repair  increased  maintenance  productivity  increased  control  over  overstocking  and  stockpiling  increased  efficiency  in  managing  labor,  inventory  and  other  support  services  powered  by  ibms  investments  in  artificial  intelligence,  fueled  by  iot  data,  and  built  for  hybrid  cloud,  ibm  maximo  is  extending  its  leadership  as  the  most  trusted  enterprise  asset  management  system  on  the  planet.  ibm  was  named  a  leader  in  the  gartner  magic  quadrant  for  enterprise  asset  management  software  2018,  positioned  highest  for  the  ability
__label__logisticstracking to  execute  and  furthest  for  completeness  of  vision.  ibm  maximo  has  flexible  deployment  options:  it  is  available  as  an  onpremises  or  softwareasaservice  saas  offering.  talk  with  an  ibm  expert  about  aligning  an  enterprise  asset  management  eam  solution  to  your  business  needs.
__label__logisticstracking published  june  11,  2018  these  days,  everyone  expects  to  know  where  their  stuff  is.  whether  its  an  xray  machine  in  a  hospital,  a  shipment  being  delivered,  or  the  location  of  your  spouses  car.  in  case  my  wife  is  reading,  ive  never  tried  that  last  one.  promise.  no  matter  what  industry  youre  in,  theres  a  good  chance  you  can  leverage  asset  tracking  hardware  to  your  advantage.  having  the  ability  to  monitor  physical  assets  gives  organizations  greater  visibility  into  their  operations,  helps  prevent  losses,  and  even  enables  better  customer  service.  for  those  of  you  who  havent  yet  invested  in  asset  tracking  tools,
__label__logisticstracking where  is  asset  tracking  headed  in  the  future?  it  depends  on  the  type  of  tracking  youre  talking  about.  one  way  to  think  of  asset  tracking  is  the  idea  of  tracking  fleets  of  vehicles  and  packages  in  transit  with  gps.  this  type  of  tracking  represents  a  fairly  mature  market,  because  it  uses  now  inexpensive  technologies  that  have  been  around  for  a  long  time,  like  gsm,  2g,  and  various  other  cellular  backhaul.  commonly  used  vehicle  trackers  range  from  the  small  devices  that  plug  directly  into  the  obd  port  of  a  car  to  the  magnetic  battery  powered  gps  trackers.  despite  the  low  cost,
__label__logisticstracking however,  tracking  vehicles  in  this  way  is  becoming  less  necessary  due  to  smartphones.  almost  everyone  has  a  phone,  and  its  much  easier  to  install  an  app  on  a  workers  phone  and  track  where  the  phone  is  than  it  is  to  install  a  device  in  a  car  to  track  gps.  i  think  well  see  more  fleet  tracking  being  done  via  smartphone  in  the  future.  but  it  will  also  introduce  other  issues  related  to  phone  ownership:  will  employees  want  such  an  app  installed  on  their  phones?  who  will  pay  for  the  data  use?  will  employers  need  to  purchase  phones  for  their  workers?
__label__logisticstracking that  last  one  means  more  people  will  need  to  start  carrying  two  phones,  which  could  also  be  problematic.  phone  tracking  isnt  the  only  thing  that  will  contribute  to  the  decline  of  vehicle  tracking.  technology  like  ltem  combined  with  wifi  sniffing  is  making  it  possible  to  track  packages  and  shipments  which  are  inside  a  truck,  which  means  gpsenabled  devices  wont  work  rather  than  the  vehicles  transporting  them.  allows  tracking  devices  to  connect  to  cellular  networks  at  lower  cost  and  with  much  longer  battery  lives.  also,  hybrid  asset  tracking  solutions  that  use  shortrange  connections,  like  ,  are  poised  to  do  very  well
__label__logisticstracking in  the  future.  solutions  like  these  save  moneybecause  they  reduce  the  amount  of  trackers  neededand  help  address  the  problem  of  having  to  return  numerous  trackers  once  a  delivery  is  complete.  more  organizations  are  also  starting  to  realize  the  benefits  of  indoor  asset  tracking,  which  has  use  cases  for  everything  from  healthcare  tracking  samples  in  a  lab  or  critical  capital  equipment,  for  example  to  construction  to  track  workers  or  prefab  pieces  on  a  construction  site  to  manufacturing  tracking  inventory.  on  the  indoor  tracking  side,  technologies  like  have  become  more  prevalent,  making  it  easier  to  track  things  inside.  other  technologies  are  also
__label__logisticstracking continuing  to  mature,  including  and  all  these  systems  are  becoming  easier  to  employ  and  manage  and  less  expensive,  which  will  put  them,  for  the  most  part,  within  reach  of  most  organizations  as  time  goes  on.  in  my  view,  location  tracking  isand  will  continue  to  bea  cornerstone  of  the  iot.  thats  because  most  iot  applications  are  grounded  in  where  the  connected  device  is  located.  even  if  its  part  of  a  smart  grid,  like  an  electric  meter,  you  have  to  know  what  house  is  connected  with  the  meter  and  where  the  meter  is  installed  before  anything  else  can  be  done.  for  that
__label__logisticstracking reason,  location  tracking  will  always  have  value.  but  knowing  the  location  of  things  also  adds  value,  often  saving  time  spent  provisioning.  for  example,  imagine  a  cold  chain  monitor  at  a  pharmacy.  if  it  doesnt  know  its  location,  someone  has  to  type  in  the  serial  number  of  the  device  and  its  location.  but  what  if  the  monitor  could  detect  and  signal  its  own  location  automatically?  that  makes  it  even  easier  to  use.  or  what  if  a  smart  dishwasher  could  pass  maintenance  information  to  the  cloud  automatically,  including  information  about  where  its  located?  the  prospect  of  a  maintenance  crew  showing  up  without
__label__logisticstracking your  intervention  might  be  a  little  scary,  but  it  could  benefit  both  homeowners  and  manufacturers.  it  could  also  pose  some  interesting  ethical  dilemmaswhat  implications  does  automatic  location  tracking  have  on  privacy?  let  us  know  your  thoughts  in  the  comments  below.  now  asset  tracking  has  a  bright  future,  but  it  can  also  be  implemented  now,  to  help  you  improve  productivity  and  save  money.  about  your  specific  use  case  and  well  work  with  you  to  find  out  how  one  or  more  of  our  connectivity  solutions  can  help.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto
__label__logisticstracking of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy
__label__logisticstracking and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__logisticstracking iot  is  typically  associated  with  smart  homes  or  vehicles.  one  compelling  but  perhaps  lesser  known  use  case  is  asset  tracking.  iot  can  enable  items  to  be  tracked  anywhere  at  any  time.  it  can  also  provide  valuable  information  on  the  items  state  and  environment,  including  the  level  of  humidity  or  light  exposure,  or  evidence  of  tampering.  those  in  the  business  of  selling  and  shipping  ice  cream  face  quite  the  logistical  challenge:  how  to  transport  the  popular  icy  dessert  across  a  of  varying  climates.  no  one  likes  melted  ice  cream,  especially  not  when  it  hits  profit  margins.  if  ice  cream  arrives  at
__label__logisticstracking its  destination  spoiled,  it  could  cost  the  manufacturer  thousands.  therefore,  its  important  to  be  aware  of  temperature  changes  during  transit.  in  one  case  of  spoiled  ice  cream,  an  internet  of  things  iot  enabled  asset  tracker  pinpointed  the  exact  moment  when  the  temperature  changed  and  caused  the  ice  cream  to  defrost;  it  was  when  the  shipment  was  transferred  from  one  vehicle  to  another  at  a  depot.  this  type  of  information  has  the  potential  to  save  hundreds  of  thousands  of  british  pounds,  in  addition  to  protecting  a  companys  reputation.  the  pharmaceutical  sector  ships  time  critical  and  extremely  sensitive  assets.  take  for  example
__label__logisticstracking vaccines.  pharmaceutical  companies  must  now  ensure  that  a  shipment  of  vaccines  is  closely  monitored  and  secure  in  order  to  ensure  its  safe  arrival  at  its  destination,  wherever  that  may  be  in  the  world.  with  advances  in  cellular  technology,  gps  and  locationbased  technology,  it  is  now  possible  to  pinpoint  the  exact  location  of  these  vital  assets,  thereby  enabling  quick  and  decisive  action  should  an  issue  occur.  iot  can  also  track  environmental  variables  such  as  temperature,  humidity  and  exposure  to  light,  which  may  damage  medical  cargo.  it  is  hard  to  think  of  a  more  precious  and  timesensitive  delivery  to  track  than  blood
__label__logisticstracking or  organs  scheduled  for  transplant.  in  addition  to  monitoring  temperature  and  other  environmental  variables,  tracking  can  enable  vital  minutes  to  be  saved.  it  is  possible  for  the  delivery  company  to  geofence  a  hospital,  enabling  an  automatic  alert  to  be  sent  as  soon  as  an  organ  arrives,  or  even  when  it  is  close  to  arrival,  helping  to  ensure  hospital  staff  is  on  hand  to  collect  the  delivery.  in  this  case,  every  second  counts.  the  delivery  of  exam  papers  is  not  a  particularly  risky  business,  however,  returning  the  completed  answers  from  students  is  a  different  story  it  is  not  uncommon  for  bags
__label__logisticstracking of  completed  examinations  to  go  missing  if  not  tracked.  it  may  be  the  case  that  a  courier  has  lost  a  package,  or  it  has  been  left  behind  in  a  depot.  this  can  cost  an  examination  board  thousands  per  delivery.  trackers  can  locate  the  assets  and  also,  importantly,  detect  tampering  by  monitoring  if  the  package  has  been  exposed  to  light  or  has  been  opened.  lastly,  and  perhaps  most  sobering,  is  the  use  of  iot  to  track  the  transportation  of  human  remains.  for  example,  companies  that  specialize  in  turning  ashes  into  precious  jewelry,  iot  assists  the  accurate  tracking  of  such  sensitive  cargo.
__label__logisticstracking this  can  help  to  ensure  compliance  with  shipping  regulation,  which  can  vary  according  to  each  country.  through  a  combination  of  sophisticated  sensor  technology  and  advances  in  cellular  technology,  the  scope  for  accurate  asset  tracking  via  iot  has  increased  significantly,  delivering  organizations  valuable  savings  in  terms  of  speed,  cost,  service  and  reputation.  mohsen  mohseninia,  vp  of  market  development,  europe,  and  richard  jennings,  ceo  and  cofounder,  .
__label__logisticstracking we  work  with  fortune  500/1000  firms,  multinational  companies  and  innovative  product  startups.  we  offer  endtoend  digital  services  and  product  engineering  expertise  across  industry  verticals  to  enterprises,  worldwide.  our  flagship  solutions  improve  productivity,  streamlines  workflow,  achieves  higher  roi  and  reduces  cost.  we  provide  digital  transformation  solutions  across  multiple  industry  verticals.  we  have  published  several  thought  leadership  papers  and  blogs.  we  intend  to  keep  our  readers  informed  with  the  latest  in  digital  technology.  one  of  the  fastest  emerging  digital  transformation  firms.  we  are  proud  to  win  several  awards  and  recognition  from  global  industry  forums.  a  lot  has  been  said  about  ways  in
__label__logisticstracking which  internet  of  things  iot  can  transform  companies.  mind  numbing  figures  in  expected  savings  and  cxo  surveys  showing  that  majority  is  already  investing  or  planning  to  invest  in  iot  make  it  a  must  look  at  initiative.  the  moment  internet  of  things  is  brought  into  an  industrial  perspective;  the  benefits  are  either  in  one  or  more  of  these  realms:  increasing  efficiency,  reducing  cost  or  improving  customer  experience.  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  has  now  become  a  common  word  in  the  enterprise  arena.  the  internet  of  things  is  becoming  a  fast  adopted  technology  solution  which  is  moving  from  the  academia  to  the
__label__logisticstracking industry.  this  is  primarily,  due  to  the  explosion  of  lowcost  sensors,  affordable  connectivity,  scalable  cloud  platforms,  ingestion,  processing  and  storage  capabilities  of  vast  amounts  of  structured/  unstructured  data  by  the  big  data  platforms,  ubiquitous  mobile  applications  and  smart  machine  learning  tools.  technology  companies  and  service  providers  are  increasingly  bombarding  companies  with  innovative  solutions  and  ways  on  how  they  can  connect  things  to  radically  change  their  business  operations.  companies  have  moved  beyond  the  acquaintance  phase  with  internet  of  things  and  are  now  in  the  let  us  try  phase.  this  paper  emphasizes  the  importance  of  a  smart  asset  management  system  in  industrial
__label__logisticstracking iot,  its  advantages  over  a  traditional  solution  and  the  components  of  smart  asset  management  system.  a  common  and  predominant  application  of  the  iiot  seen  across  industries  is  for  physical  asset  management  and  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  a  study  conducted  by  cisco  shows  that  over  the  next  ten  years,  the  potential  bottomline  value  that  can  be  created  as  organizations  harness  iot  solutions  will  be  close  to  8  trillion  dollars  and  25  of  this  or  2.1  trillion  dollars  is  from  asset  utilization.  traditionally  asset  intensive  industries  like  manufacturing,  industrial  machinery,  logistics  and  transportation,  oil  and  gas,  heavy  machinery  and  construction,  equipment  rental,
__label__logisticstracking etc.  are  constrained  by  lack  of  visibility  of  their  assets  and  they  continuously  try  to  track  their  roa.  most  of  these  companies  are  interested  in  monitoring  their  assets,  the  work  each  asset  is  doing,  whether  it  is  being  overworked  or  underutilized,  the  current  location  of  the  asset,  the  lifetime  value  of  the  asset  etc.  a  study  conducted  by  forrester  and  sap  shows  twothirds  of  companies  in  these  sectors  are  using  or  planning  to  use  iotenabled  asset  monitoring  solutions.  the  physical  assets  can  be  categorized  into  different  groups:  human  and  nonhuman,  moving  and  nonmoving,  onpremise  or  field  asset.  the  human  asset
__label__logisticstracking can  be  your  human  resources  like  shop  floor  employees,  sales  executives  and  field  force  personnel.  the  moving  assets  can  be  your  trucks,  train  wagons,  cranes  and  rental  cars.  whereas  the  nonmoving  assets  are  the  huge  machines  in  your  shop  floor,  the  boilers,  long  pipelines,  gas  cylinders,  coolers,  network  towers,  etc.  different  kinds  of  assets  bring  different  challenges  and  different  business  objectives  for  managing  them.  the  manufacturers  of  assets,  oems  have  different  objectives  from  their  asset  management  and  the  operator  or  owner  of  assets  have  different  objectives  from  their  asset  management.  more  often,  the  oems  want  to  monitor  customer  data,  usage
__label__logisticstracking data  and  improve  customer  experience  by  monitoring  their  assets  whereas  the  owner  or  operators  monitor  the  data  from  a  heterogeneous  group  of  assets  they  own,  to  better  manage  and  effectively  utilize  them.  in  this  paper,  most  of  our  asset  management  discussion  will  be  restricted  towards  the  latter  use  case  where  increasing  efficiency  from  a  heterogeneous  mix  of  assets  is  the  primary  objective.  the  matrix  shows  an  indicative  list  of  asset  management/asset  tracking  applications.  traditionally,  owners/operators  of  assets  have  been  using  technology  solutions  to  monitor  their  assets  and  they  have  been  using  separate  operational  technology  solutions  like  scada  systems  for  over
__label__logisticstracking decades  now.  the  asset  management  solutions  range  from  eam  applications,  tracking  solutions  range  from  simple  barcode  or  rfid  solutions  to  gps  solutions  whereas  the  process  or  asset  control  is  predominantly  performed  by  m2m  systems  and  scada  systems.  all  of  these  coexist  in  parallel  inside  an  organization  and  have  been  used  by  different  stakeholders  for  solving  different  purposes.  these  solutions  have  been  providing  information  on  the  current  status,  controlling  a  process,  managing  assets,  plan  maintenance  strategies,  track  locations  and  state  awareness  but  they  have  all  been  focusing  on  standalone  functions,  separate  group  of  stakeholders  and  disparate  processes.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking means  that  the  traditional  solutions,  processes,  workforce,  and  assets  are  made  into  more  cognizant  and  integrated  unit  to  work  as  a  single  strategic  system  enabling  organizations  to  transform  their  operations,  digitally.  traditionally,  these  were  operating  in  silos,  which  have  been  made  into  a  single  all  compassing  smart  solution  with  web,  wireless  and  analytics.  thus,  offering  far  more  advantages  than  the  traditional  solutions.  this  can  be  dubbed  as  the  transformational  technology  which  can  change  the  game  and  disrupt  business  processes.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring  solution  does  everything  that  traditional  solutions  do  like  letting  the  organizations  know  where  the  asset  is,  what
__label__logisticstracking is  the  condition  of  the  asset,  manage  asset  lifecycle,  control  processes,  etc.  also,  it  adds  intelligence  to  automated  workflows,  realtime  alerts,  insights  from  data,  dynamic  edge  control  of  assets,  predictive  maintenance,  crossdomain  analytics  and  realtime  visibility.  iot  smart  asset  management  solution  typically  comprises  the  following:  there  can  be  a  lot  of  derived  solutions  or  variations  of  these  to  make  it  specific  to  an  industry  or  a  business  process.  for  example,  condition  monitoring  can  be  as  simple  as  monitoring  if  a  fuel  storage  tank  is  full  or  not  to  an  extent  where  we  can  monitor  the  level  of  harmful  gases,  employee
__label__logisticstracking vitals  etc.  in  a  hazardous  environment.  one  such  use  of  smart  asset  management  in  a  manufacturing  industry  as  shown  in  figure  3.  most  companies  which  have  assets  on  premise  or  are  spread  across  geographies  have  a  horde  of  problems  to  deal  with.  like  poor  health  of  assets,  excessive  maintenance  costs,  high  mean  time  to  repair,  theft,  pilferage,  underutilization,  under  performance  and  more.  iotenabled  smart  asset  management  brings  in  a  more  holistic  approach  to  asset  management  and  asset  monitoring  rather  than  a  modulebased  approach.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring  provides  the  right  visibility  for  organizations  to  overcome  these  challenges.  the  key  advantage
__label__logisticstracking of  iot  is  the  ability  to  get  to  the  domain  data  and  seamlessly  integrate  it  with  a  unified  solution  so  that  the  management  has  insights  to  make  the  right  decision.  iot  solutions  bring  in  the  inherent  value  of  automation,  innovation,  and  digital  transformation.  traditional  solutions  brought  in  a  lot  of  information  but  lacked  insight.  there  was  a  lot  of  human  involvement,  offline  data  crunching,  and  iterations  to  perform  actions.  the  time  lag  made  lot  of  actions  either  reactive  or  excessive/preventive.  iot  solutions  connect  machine  with  people,  with  processes  and  systems  in  ways  like  never  before.  this  facilitates  automation.  the  human
__label__logisticstracking intervention  is  needed  only  for  decision  making  rather  than  performing  mundane  tasks,  rulebased  preset  actions,  measuring  field  data,  collecting  audit  logs  for  regulatory  compliance.  the  primary  advantage  of  smart  asset  monitoring  is  automating  all  of  this.  thus,  increases  the  accuracy,  reduces  cost,  improves  process  efficiency  and  eliminates  noncompliance.  physical  checks,  routine  tasks  and  periodic  monitoring  can  all  be  reduced  drastically  and  now  be  made  based  on  the  actual  condition  and  usage  of  the  asset.  for  example,  a  leading  telecom  company  is  using  iot  based  smart  asset  monitoring  solution  to  automatically  adjust  antenna  alignments  and  has  reduced  ownership  costs  by  eliminating
__label__logisticstracking unnecessary  manual  trips  to  the  telecom  tower  sites.  the  possibilities  of  bringing  in  innovative  valueadd  with  smart  asset  management  is  endless.  data  analytics  at  the  edge  help  realtime  and  near  realtime  decision  making  with  the  help  of  machine  learning  and  other  advanced  intelligence.  data  from  multiple  machines  integrated  with  information  about  the  product  usage  can  unlock  new  insights  which  were  never  seen  before.  this  will  enable  the  management  to  come  up  with  innovative  decisions  and  solutions  to  face  the  common  challenges  that  their  business  has  been  facing  for  many  years.  for  example,  a  company  called  sharper  shape  is  using  drones
__label__logisticstracking and  machine  learning  as  a  part  of  their  asset  monitoring  to  watch  the  trees  that  are  in  the  risk  of  falling  into  power  lines  to  proactively  avoid  disruption.  digital  age  businesses  are  transforming  themselves  to  uniquely  combine  product  and  service  to  offer  their  product  as  a  service.  an  iot  solution  like  smart  asset  management  is  a  key  to  bring  in  new  service  lines  or  new  business  models  into  the  company.  traditionally,  the  companys  physical  assets  which  were  seen  as  a  cost  or  a  burden  in  the  balance  sheet  can  now  be  effectively  managed  to  bring  in  additional  revenue.  with  more
__label__logisticstracking data,  control  and  insight  a  company  is  able  to  look  at  trends  where  they  can  identify  new  market  opportunities.  capitalizing  on  those  opportunities  can  bring  in  more  revenues  to  the  company.  figure  4  shows  the  value  chain  of  data  that  can  transform  organizations  and  move  from  their  existing  technology  to  become  a  smart  and  cognitive  organization.  for  example,  a  leading  crane  company  based  in  the  united  states  was  previously  offering  their  crane  rental  services  for  days  or  months.  with  smart  asset  iot  solution,  they  are  looking  at  enabling  lifting  as  a  service  for  their  customers  where  customers  can  pay  for
__label__logisticstracking the  load  they  want  to  lift  rather  than  paying  it  for  the  entire  day/month.  the  company  as  well  can  have  better  control  over  the  equipment  usage  and  can  get  more  revenue  from  usage  of  the  cranes.  the  internet  of  things  is  here  to  stay.  smart  asset  management  is  a  new  generation  concept  and  a  comprehensive  enterprise  asset  management  application.  it  proves  to  be  successful  in  enabling  asset  owners  to  manage  and  maintain  their  plant,  facilities,  and  equipment  in  a  much  more  efficient  manner.  smart  solutions  like  smart  asset  management  will  be  disruptive  in  nature.  leaders  of  organizations  have  little  choice
__label__logisticstracking either  to  get  onboard  proactively  or  be  forced  to  adopt  by  the  competition  or  to  be  disrupted.  success  will  come  from  partnerships  and  the  entire  ecosystem  players.  involve  experts  in  the  technology  to  advice  on  the  impact  of  this  in  your  business.  the  rewards  at  the  end  of  the  journey  will  make  the  journey  worthwhile.  this  whitepaper  is  written  by  raakesh  rajan,  senior  consultant  digital  business  consulting,  rapidvalue.  raakesh  is  part  of  the  business  consulting  team  at  rapidvalue.  he  helps  clients  to  add  value  to  their  business  through  digital  initiatives.  he  has  experience  implementing  largescale  digital  transformational  initiatives  and  products.
__label__logisticstracking raakesh  has  worked  on  multiple  domains  such  as  manufacturing,  heavy  equipment,  retail,  and  oil  gas  industries.  prior  to  rapidvalue,  he  was  part  of  strategy  growth  initiative  team  at  accenture,  to  identify  the  right  digital  technology  solution  and  the  adoption  strategy.  if  youd  like  to  know  more  on  this  subject  or  learn  more  on  iot  solution  offerings  by  rapidvalue,  please  reach  out  to  us  at  contactusrapidvaluesolutions.com.  wed  be  happy  to  hear  from  you
__label__logisticstracking track  and  trace  for  industrial  tools  refer  to  systems  capable  of  recognizing  and  reporting  the  location  and  status  of  tools  in  a  facility.  todays  production  of  industrial  and  consumer  goods  requires  exacting  work.  precise  application  of  pressure  or  torque  is  required  in  many  industries  and  operator  errors  can  cause  costly  defects.  track  and  trace  technology  can  improve  production  safety,  quality,  and  productivity.  the  goal  of  track  and  trace  is  to  manage  handheld  power  tools  in  manufacturing  and  maintenance  environments  more  efficiently.  asset  tracking  is  currently  done  via  barcode  and  a  variety  of  manual  steps  in  most  cases.  however,  new  solutions
__label__logisticstracking leveraging  smart  tags,  ,  and  are  coming  to  market  to  globally  track  all  varieties  of  objects  in  real  time.  the  track  and  trace  solutions  market  is  projected  to  reach  usd  3.93  billion  by  2023  from  usd  1.65  billion  in  2018,  at  a  cagr  of  18.9.  source:
__label__logisticstracking the  volume,  complexity,  and  interconnected  nature  of  devices,  data,  and  assets  continues  to  grow  as  the  internet  of  things  iot  expands  in  both  the  industrial  and  consumer  markets.  its  predicted  that  by  2020  there  will  be  more  than  50  billion  smart  objects  in  the  world.  these  objects  span  various  use  cases,  including  wearables,  automotive,  smart  cities,  smart  manufacturing,  healthcare,  and  building  automation.  our  expertise  in  asset  management,  analytics,  cloud,  connectivity,  enterprise  planning,  and  mobile  enables  us  to  provide  exceptional  iot  solutions  based  on  strategic  assessments  and  roadmaps.  we  deliver  the  design,  development,  implementation,  integration,  and  training  necessary  to  help  you
__label__logisticstracking succeed.  customers  demand  the  ability  to  connect  with  any  device,  at  any  time,  from  any  location.  to  meet  these  expectations,  its  essential  to  build  an  iot  strategy  that  addresses  all  key  features  of  this  new,  connected  architecture:  our  solutions  leverage  ibm  watson  iot  and  bluemix  to  provide  cloudbased  services  for  connectivity,  information  management,  analytics,  and  risk  management.  enterprise  asset  management  eam  helps  you  gain  nearrealtime  visibility  into  your  most  crucial  assets.  this  information  is  imperative  to  ensure  proper  usage,  extend  the  life,  improve  reliability,  and  get  the  best  return  on  these  critical  assets.  eam  encompasses  all  types  of  assets  that
__label__logisticstracking are  instrumental  in  delivering  products  and  services  at  the  level  your  customers  expect,  and  requires  continuous  tracking,  assessment,  and  management  of  a  myriad  of  physical,  technical,  and  human  resources.  we  provide  a  complete,  streamlined  asset  lifecycle  and  maintenance  management  solution  on  the  ibm  maximo  platform.  as  assets  grow  in  complexity  and  cost,  companies  require  an  efficient  method  of  predicting,  analyzing,  and  acting  upon  potential  issues  and  asset  failures.  predictive  analytics  solutions  are  essential  to  managing  the  lifecycle  of  an  asset  and  the  associated  decisionmaking  processing.  integrating  asset  and  operational  data  with  these  analytics  solutions  provides  the  intelligence  to  streamline  predictive
__label__logisticstracking maintenance  and  quality,  and  ultimately  ensure  that  assets  are  running  and  performing  properly.  our  services  and  solutions  are  based  on  ibms  predictive  maintenance  quality  pmq  platform  to  help  with  realtime  capabilities,  big  data,  predictive  analytics,  business  intelligence,  open  architecture,  data  integration,  and  process  integration.  2019  perficient,  inc.  all  rights  reserved
__label__logisticstracking typical  inventory  maintained  at  any  organizational  level  is  manually  kept  in  an  excel  sheet  or  is  maintained  on  a  system.  these  measures  are  prone  to  inaccuracies  by  the  very  nature  of  the  process.  the  assets  which  are  moving  and  those  that  get  distributed  to  multiple  locations  in  some  cases  to  remote  locations  or  vendor  locations  etc  rarely  get  updated  in  terms  of  locations  and  the  number  maintained  in  the  system  can  not  be  correct.  a  search  online  on  a  real  time  basis  for  assets  to  know  where  the  location  b  time  and  cost  savings  during  audit  c  operational  efficiencies  due
__label__logisticstracking to  availability  of  assets  on  a  just  in  time  basis  e  tracking  provides  security,  since  any  unauthorized  movements  raise  alarms  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  were  not  around  right  now.  but  you  can  send  us  an  email  and  well  get  back  to  you,  asap.
__label__logisticstracking a  blog  about  software  development  best  practices,  howtos,  and  tips  from  practitioners.  thats  the  power  of  iot  and  smart  asset  management.  iot  is  not  just  a  buzzword  today  using  iot,  industries  such  as  manufacturing  have  been  able  to  lower  their  costs,  optimize  the  production,  enable  faster  communication,  enhance  their  plant  automation,  and  do  remote  monitoring  and  analytics  of  their  assets.  as  you  might  be  knowing,  the  assetintensive  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  transportation,  heavy  machinery,  oil  and  gas,  industrial  machinery,  etc.  invest  billions  of  dollars  in  their  assets.  monitoring  and  analyzing  these  assets  to  maintain  the  asset  health  and  keep  a
__label__logisticstracking track  of  inventory  is  very  challenging  and  expensive.  i  have  seen  that  because  of  the  lack  of  visibility  of  their  assets,  these  industries  are  not  able  to  track  the  roa  return  on  assets.  to  be  able  to  achieve  optimal  roa,  these  companies  need  to  monitor  their  assets,  know  what  work  each  asset  is  doing,  how  much  each  asset  is  utilized,  and  the  lifetime  value  of  the  asset.  on  the  other  hand,  oems  are  interested  in  monitoring  the  customer  data  and  understanding  how  the  customers  are  using  the  assets  so  that  they  can  improve  the  customer  experience.  some  15  years  ago,
__label__logisticstracking during  my  interactions  with  business  leaders  and  asset  operators,  i  saw  them  using  separate  technology  solutions  for  their  specific  needs  of  asset  management.  even  today,  there  are  some  solutions  which  track  the  assets  using  rfid  solutions,  barcode,  or  gps  solutions.  traditionally,  m2m  systems  have  been  used  for  asset  or  process  control.  all  such  systems  are  used  for  managing  the  assets,  understanding  the  health  of  the  assets,  planning  of  maintenance,  tracking  locations  of  the  assets  etc.  however,  such  technologies  focus  on  specific  aspects  and  work  in  isolation  and  address  some  very  specific  business  requirements.  a  common  complaint  which  i  have  been
__label__logisticstracking hearing  from  business  leaders  is  that  these  technologies  do  not  offer  a  cohesive  solution  for  endtoend  needs  of  all  the  stakeholders.  iotenabled  smart  asset  monitoring  and  analytics  solutions  leverage  web,  analytics,  and  wireless  to  combine  all  the  traditional  solutions,  processes,  assets,  and  workflows  into  a  single  solution  to  offer  a  centralized  consolidated  tracking  and  monitoring  and  analytics  system.  these  systems  provide  anytime,  anywhere  access  and  any  device  connectivity  with  enormous  scalability  and  effective  itot  integrations.  apart  from  offering  the  intelligence  on  how  the  assets  are  doing,  the  smart  asset  management  and  remote  monitoring  and  analytics  solutions  also  offer  useful  insights
__label__logisticstracking from  machine  data,  help  in  predictive  maintenance,  help  in  making  the  automated  workflows  more  intelligent,  and  provide  realtime  visibility  on  all  the  important  aspects  to  the  stakeholders.  through  dynamic  and  automated  asset  monitoring  and  tracking,  organizations  can  get  realtime  data  using  smart  sensors  and  devices,  and  gain  realtime  visibility  into  the  operational  status.  this  enables  them  to  quickly  respond  to  various  conditions.  irrespective  of  the  physical  locations  of  the  assets,  smart  asset  management  enables  monitoring  of  their  performance  through  a  centralized  location  with  anytime,  anywhere  access  using  a  single  dashboard  which  tracks  and  analyses  various  performance  parameters  of  each  asset.
__label__logisticstracking for  one  of  my  earlier  clients,  we  had  built  and  created  value  through  an  integrated  sensor  to  cloud  iot  solution.  the  solution  was  deployed  through  saas  software  as  a  service  subscription  model  with  a  best  combination  of  capex  and  opex.  the  objective  of  the  solution  was  to  help  them  remotely  monitor  and  analyze  a  large  number  of  generators  located  at  different  geographical  locations.  the  solution  monitored  important  parameters  such  as  engine  oil  pressure,  engine  temperature,  fuel  levels,  dg  run  hours  etc.  for  thousands  of  generators  and  offered  near  realtime  analysis,  reports,  and  alerts.  the  oee  overall  equipment  effectiveness  monitoring  and
__label__logisticstracking analytics  helped  in  decision  support  system.  using  this  solution,  the  engineers,  technicians,  supervisors,  plant  incharge  could  monitor,  manage,  and  control  thousands  of  generators  from  a  single  location  it  helped  them  increase  the  ontime  performance,  enable  efficient  maintenance  of  the  generators,  reduce  operating  costs,  and  effective  disaster  control.  the  same  solution  which  was  used  by  the  oem  was  later  on  used  by  facilities  management  for  remote  monitoring  and  analytics  for  large  number  of  generators  along  with  other  utility  equipment  and  linkage  to  energy  efficiency  monitoring  and  analytics.  it  was  also  useful  for  connected  supply  chain  for  lease  management,  dealer  management  and
__label__logisticstracking warranty  management.  interestingly,  in  this  particular  solution,  the  scope  further  extended  to  iotenabled  generator  as  a  service  for  multivariant,  multimake  and  multiconfigurations  for  different  type  of  applications.  more  on  this  in  the  upcoming  blogs.  if  you  have  ever  been  to  sweden,  you  will  notice  thousands  of  acres  of  farms  and  hardly  any  person  to  monitor  those.  that  might  make  you  wonder  who  is  managing  the  farms,  the  cattle,  the  machinery  etc.  on  the  farm.  the  answer  is  technology.  the  farms  there  are  wired  up  over  wireless  through  sensors  and  tracking  devices.  the  sensors  keep  track  of  the  machines,  their  performance,
__label__logisticstracking maintenance  etc.  and  send  data  to  a  centralized  system  with  an  efficient  rolebased  authentication.  the  sensor  to  cloud  iot  enabled  itot  integrated  intelligent  tracking  solutions  help  in  monitoring  and  analysis  of  critical  parameters  in  dairy  farm  equipment  like  vacuum  pressure,  pulsation  pressure,  pulsation  frequency,  temperature  and  other  critical  parameters.  this  analysis  further  helps  in  optimum  asset  management  and  inventory  management  and  itot  integrations  where  the  system  analyses  the  data  and  automatically  manages  the  integrated  spare  parts  procurement  and  dispatch  as  per  the  need  so  when  the  field  engineers  visit  the  farms  for  machine  maintenance,  they  dont  need  to  waste  their
__label__logisticstracking time  waiting  for  the  new  spare  part  to  arrive  the  system  has  already  got  it  delivered  smart  asset  management  solutions  not  only  help  in  asset  monitoring  and  analytics  but  can  also  help  in  controlling  of  the  system  in  response  to  specific  conditions  as  well  as  condition  based  maintenance  and  early  warning  alerts.  these  solutions  can  facilitate  shutting  on  or  off  certain  equipment  to  avoid  production  issues  or  minimize  wastages.  it  is  impossible  to  have  manual  monitoring  of  the  assets  at  various  sites  24/7.  how  to  get  alarms  for  critical  situations  such  as  when  the  machines  have  low  fuel  levels,  machine
__label__logisticstracking temperature  goes  higher  than  the  allowed  limit,  the  engine  speed  is  not  optimal,  other  physical  irregularities  like  fuel  theft?  how  to  get  updated  when  a  machine  is  not  performing  at  its  optimal  performance  or  a  particular  spare  part  needs  repair  or  replacement?  smart  asset  management  solutions  make  it  easy  by  raising  alarms  in  case  any  anomalies  are  detected.  quick  restoration  can  then  be  achieved  through  automation  or  through  manual  intervention.  also,  the  early  warning  alerts  help  for  corrective  action  or  specific  decision  support.  the  early  warning  alerts  or  the  real  time  alerts  can  also  be  linked  with  the  integrated  supply
__label__logisticstracking chain  management  for  effective  optimization.  oee,  as  we  all  know,  is  one  of  the  key  manufacturing  metrics  for  measuring  the  true  productivity  and  efficiency  of  a  manufacturing  unit  and  in  turn  help  for  decision  support  to  minimize  the  losses.  using  iot  technology,  manufacturers  have  started  monitoring  and  analyzing  the  three  key  aspects:  quality,  availability,  and  performance  of  the  machines  automatically,  in  realtime.  now  you  wont  see  workers  going  to  the  machines  to  note  down  the  readings  on  a  piece  of  paper  and  later  entering  those  numbers  into  an  excel  spreadsheet  for  further  analysis.  the  shop  floor  managers  and  the  manufacturers
__label__logisticstracking sitting  in  their  offices  far  away  from  the  plant  can  now  observe  the  oee  in  realtime  they  are  able  to  view  and  analyze  data  for  a  particular  shift,  a  particular  day,  any  particular  week,  month  or  even  for  benchmarking  of  one  machine  to  other  or  one  section  to  other.  as  we  see  through  many  such  examples,  iot  enabled  smart  asset  management  helps  forwardthinking  enterprises  benefit  from  the  highlyconnected  world  and  reduces  their  cost  of  operations,  increases  customer  satisfaction,  and  enhances  the  business  performance.  if  you  want  to  discuss  how  you  can  leverage  the  iot  revolution  in  asset  management,  just  connect
__label__logisticstracking with  me  on  or  leave  comment  below  and  i  will  be  happy  to  get  in  touch  with  you.  us  1  800  902  6361  india  91  20  4900  7000  email  infoclariontech.com  corporate  office  s4,  magarpatta  city,  hadapsar,  pune  411028  copyright  2019  clarion.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  is  more  than  just  a  buzzword.  manufacturers  are  already  deploying  the  technology  in  their  organizations  and  have  plans  for  further  implementations  in  the  near  future.  the  internet  of  things  has  generated  a  considerable  amount  of  buzz  in  both  the  consumer  and  commercial  worlds.  the  idea  is  that  physical  objects  or  things  are  embedded  with  software,  electronics,  sensors  and  internet  connectivity  that  all  allow  the  devices  to  communicate  with  manufacturers,  users  and  even  other  objects  with  the  same  functionality.  on  the  business  side,  the  internet  of  things  is  heralded  as  the  integration  between  physical  equipment  and  information
__label__logisticstracking technology  systems.  it  allows  objects  to  send  and  exchange  data  over  the  internet  wireless  and  wired  to  central  databases  and  systems,  giving  businesses  a  wealth  of  granular  data  that  can  help  them  make  decisions  to  improve  efficiency  and  cut  costs.  as  reported  by  plant  services,  a  recent  study  conducted  by  forrester  research  and  sponsored  by  zebra  technologies  has  turned  up  some  interesting  insights  into  how  the  manufacturing  sector  plans  on  within  its  operations.  in  a  survey  of  600  decisionmakers  in  the  manufacturing  industry,  97  percent  indicated  that  the  internet  of  things  will  be  one  of  the  most  impactful  technological  changes
__label__logisticstracking in  the  industry.  this  booming  technological  and  operational  trend  has  already  established  a  solid  foothold  in  the  industry  83  percent  of  respondents  said  their  companies  are  already  making  use  of  the  iot  in  some  part  of  their  operations.  another  87  percent  said  their  teams  were  ready  to  make  further  deployments.  as  plant  services  noted,  many  of  the  surveys  respondents  were  from  manufacturers  it,  engineering,  operations  and  product  development  departments.  reliability  and  maintenance  decisionmakers  were  not  consulted  during  the  survey.  jim  hilton,  senior  director  and  global  manufacturing  principal  for  zebra  technologies,  said  that  the  results  would  have  been  different  if  maintenance
__label__logisticstracking teams  were  surveyed.  iot  deployments  can  have  a  significant  impact  on  asset  management  and  maintenance  since  they  involve  new  asset  types  and  introduce  a  deluge  of  data  that  teams  need  to  prepare  for  if  the  implementation  is  to  be  successful.  regardless,  hilton  sees  the  iot  as  having  a  transformative  effect  on  maintenance  and  operations.  humanmachine  interfaces,  machinetomachine  and  secure/remote  visibility  will  most  certainly  raise  the  ability  to  rethink  maintenance  practices.  reactive  will  become  preventative,  then  predictive.  the  quicker  an  operation  can  progress  to  productivity  functionality,  the  quicker  the  return  benefits  will  be  realized,  hilton  said.  for  the  most  part,  manufacturers
__label__logisticstracking are  well  aware  of  what  the  iot  can  do  for  them.  in  terms  of  tangible  business  results,  most  business  leaders  are  hoping  the  iot  can  help  them  achieve  two  goals:  improve  the  customer  experience  and  gain  deeper  insights  into  their  operations  and  supply  chains.  for  the  latter,  assetintensive  industries  like  manufacturing  are  expecting  the  iot  to  dramatically  improve  their  asset  management  practices.  another  study  from  forrester  and  sap  broke  down  what  industries  are  expected  to  adopt  and  utilize  iot  capabilities  for  their  asset  management  and  maintenance  departments.  the  study  found  that  among  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  construction,  energy  utilities,  oil
__label__logisticstracking and  gas,  aerospace  and  transportation/logistics,  66  percent  of  respondents  said  they  have  already  implemented  or  plan  to  deploy  iot  technologies  for  asset  management  purposes.  but  these  plans  will  not  be  without  their  challenges.  the  authors  of  the  study  explained  that  its  not  as  simple  as  just  installing  some  software  and  buying  new  internetconnected  equipment.  becoming  an  iotpowered  business  means  fostering  a  seamless  integration  of  both  physical  and  digital  assets  and  ensuring  that  the  technology  facilitates  key  operational  processes.  this  means  that  significant  investments  in  it  infrastructure  must  precede  the  deployment  of  the  iot,  and  the  overall  complexity  of  implementations  can
__label__logisticstracking stump  even  the  smartest  organizations.  essentially,  as  interesting  as  the  technology  is  on  its  own,  it  means  nothing  if  the  business  cant  achieve  its  goals,  such  as  improved  efficiency,  cost  savings,  safety,  etc.  additionally,  the  researchers  found  that  many  organizations  have  yet  to  determine  executive  ownership  of  iot  deployments.  the  iot  is  a  crossfunctional  initiative,  so  its  difficult  to  pin  down  exactly  who  should  manage  it  and  which  department  the  budget  for  it  should  come  from.  preexisting  organizational  silos  make  it  hard  to  coordinate  iot  usage  across  functional  areas,  and  if  all  executives  arent  fully  sold  on  the  benefits,  it
__label__logisticstracking may  be  tough  to  garner  organizational  support.  regardless  of  the  myriad  challenges  that  come  with  the  iot,  manufacturers  cant  simply  ignore  this  trend.  as  hilton  stated,  the  iot  offers  clear  businesswide  benefits,  especially  as  it  pertains  to  asset  management  and  maintenance.  but  where  exactly  does  internetconnected  technology  fit  in?  one  of  the  most  visible  ways  is  how  the  iot  facilitates  mass  data  collection  from  assets  throughout  the  value  chain.  for  example,  if  a  certain  component  or  subassembly  of  an  asset  is  starting  to  perform  at  a  suboptimal  level,  the  asset  itself  will  stream  that  data  to  a  central  system  where
__label__logisticstracking maintenance  managers  can  see  it  and  put  in  a  work  order  for  repair  before  the  asset  fails  completely.  this  is  known  as  predictive  maintenance.  using  an  array  of  embedded  monitoring  tools,  assets  can  consistently  communicate  the  state  of  their  thermal  properties,  lubrication  levels,  oil  testing,  vibrations  and  other  key  indicators  of  asset  health.  this  data  helps  asset  management  teams  spot  deficiencies  before  they  lead  to  unscheduled  downtime.  here  are  a  few  reasons  why  this  is  so  beneficial  to  manufacturers:  the  iots  place  in  manufacturing  is  all  but  guaranteed,  and  while  there  are  considerable  hurdles  that  businesses  must  overcome  to  make
__label__logisticstracking welcome  to  the  to  learn  more,readthis  ebook  full  ofrelevant  content  forsmart  utilities,  powering  an  alwayson  world  .  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  view  the  id  like  to  receive  news  and  commercial  info  from  schneider  electric  and  its  affiliates  via  electronic  communication  means  such  as  email.  for  more  details,  please  read  our  marketing  automation  platform
__label__logisticstracking in  the  roller  coaster  transformation  of  the  digital  world,  iot  has  striked  its  marks  in  every  industry.  with  the  use  of  iot  globally,  the  traditional  methods  of  every  industry  has  been  replaced  and  a  better  approach  has  been  developed  which  has  better  efficiencies,  accuracy  and  production.but  a  challenging  situation  occurs  when  assets  dont  perform  well  ,  get  broken  or  get  defected,  therefore  stopping  the  process  in  between.  internet  of  things  iot  in  oil  and  gas  industry  comes  up  with  a  single  strategic  system  which  tracks  the  information  about  an  asset  and  thus  helps  in  doing  better  business.  from  the  past
__label__logisticstracking statistics  it  has  been  known  that  most  of  the  injuries  occur  to  people  because  of  the  improper  knowledge  about  the  usage  of  an  asset.  many  people  like  construction  workers  and  people  who  provide  maintenance  need  safety  because  of  this  reason.  iot  in  oil  and  gas  industry  has  removed  the  risk  of  peoples  lives  and  has  transformed  everything  digitally  which  not  only  removed  the  use  of  assets  but  one  can  also  track  information  about  an  asset  like  where  the  asset  is,  what  is  the  condition  of  asset  and  many  more.  iot  in  oil  and  gas  industry  brought  a  new  skilled  workforce
__label__logisticstracking as  the  skills  that  were  used  few  years  back  were  the  traditional  ones.  the  need  to  reskill  and  adjust  people  according  to  new  technology  became  a  major  concern  to  meet  the  business  needs.  as  the  technologically  advanced,  assets  came  into  the  picture  and  managing  them  was  equally  important.  to  manage  an  asset,  asset  mapping  was  found.  it  includes  realtime  location,  status  updates  from  systems,  maintenance  of  a  device  and  other  important  information  about  an  asset.  an  asset  increases  the  efficiency  and  productivity  of  the  work  done  as  it  sends  alerts  to  the  workers  about  the  equipment.  the  implementation  of  iot
__label__logisticstracking in  oil  and  gas  industry  has  saved  the  time  and  cost  of  many  organizations.  although  in  traditional  oil  and  gas  industry  lot  of  data  was  collected  but  getting  a  deep  understanding  out  of  it  was  a  challenge.  with  the  footprint  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  industry,  interaction  of  people  with  machine  got  increased  which  facilitated  automation.  monotonous  tasks  got  decreased  and  involvement  of  human  was  there  only  in  decision  making.  smart  asset  monitoring  helps  in  automating  all  these  features  and  thus  increases  the  accuracy,  reduces  cost,  saves  time  and  eliminates  noncompliance.  smart  asset  management  in  iotoil  and  gas  has
__label__logisticstracking transformed  many  businesses  into  digital  platform.  not  only  this  but  the  physical  assets  or  machines  that  were  only  increasing  the  burden  for  an  industry  now  adds  to  the  total  profit  of  a  company.  however  it  would  not  be  enough  to  know  that  how  iot  has  bought  a  layer  of  change  in  asset  management  and  especially  in  oil  and  gas  industry.  it  has  not  only  transformed  everything  digitally  and  increased  the  revenue  but  also  it  has  helped  people  who  invested  in  this  industry  to  create  a  robust  network.  want  to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?
__label__logisticstracking curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__logisticstracking the  demand  for  asset  tracking  iot  devices  will  grow  by  3x  in  the  year  2022,  as  per  global  asset  management  experts.  industries  like  transportation,  industrial,  manufacturing,  agriculture,  etc.  will  get  massive  benefits  from  this  technology.  the  asset  management  or  is  one  of  the  most  popular  application  areas  of  .  asset  management  refers  to  a  systematic  approach  of  managing  the  asset  or  device  to  balance  and  improve  productivity  with  low  maintenance  this  leads  to  low  costeffectiveness  in  an  organization.  a  physical  asset  can  either  be  a  simple  single  device  or  it  can  be  a  huge  complex  structure  which,  composed  with  a
__label__logisticstracking lot  of  sensors.  these  assets  and  sensors  require  various  types  of  maintenance  such  as  electrical,  hydraulic,  and  mechanical,  to  ensure  that  these  are  being  operated  within  a  proper  regulatory  framework.  asset  management  is  a  process  of  tracking  every  physical  device,  small  or  big  of  an  organization.  it  gives  detailed  information,  like  who  is  using  the  device  user,  location  of  the  device,  the  health  of  the  device,  performance  of  the  device.  if  a  device  is  connected  to  some  sensors,  the  sensor  data  is  also  needed  to  be  tracked.  the  asset  can  be  a  vehicle,  it  devices,  electronic  device  or  any  other
__label__logisticstracking devices  used  in  an  organization.  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  computing  concept  which  is  a  combination  of  hardware,  software,  sensors,  actuators,  etc.  iot  describes  the  ideas  of  how  daily  physical  devices  are  being  connected  to  the  internet  and  they  can  identify  themselves  to  other  devices.  in  very  simple  words,  the  example  you  have  an  electronic  device  in  the  us,  you  can  manage  and  monitor  all  the  details  of  the  device  like  health  performance,  etc.  you  can  also  manipulate  that  device  while  you  are  sitting  in  india,  with  the  help  of  the  internet  i.e.,  nothing  but  iot.  internet  of  thing
__label__logisticstracking defines  a  world  where  anything  can  be  connected  and  communicated  intelligently.  in  other  words,  with  the  help  of  iot,  the  physical  world  is  becoming  one  big  information  system.  before  we  discuss  the  advantages  of  iot  in  asset  management,  lets  first  understand  how  the  organization  manages  its  asset  and  what  kind  of  information  they  can  track  without  using  the  iot  platform.  the  old  way  of  managing  assets  in  an  organization  is  to  use  a  siloes  system  such  as  handwritten  lists  or  excel  sheets  to  track  their  asset  details,  which  are  less  efficient,  vulnerable  to  errors,  more  time  consuming  and  need  of
__label__logisticstracking more  human  resources  as  an  asset  manager.  iot  integrates  physical  asset  devices  and  it  system  by  sending  and  exchanging  the  data  over  the  internet.  iot  takes  typical  asset  management  software  to  an  advanced  level  by  allowing  connected  devices  to  automatically  communicate  between  themselves  and  send  the  information  to  the  required  destination  in  an  automated  process  by  eliminating  human  efforts.  for  example,  an  ordinary  physical  device  can  be  turned  into  the  iot  device  by  installing  some  sensors  to  it.  the  sensors  can  be  connected  to  a  central  monitoring  system.  by  this,  the  sensors  will  automatically  send  the  respective  information  like  existing
__label__logisticstracking location,  running  status,  health,  possible  malfunctions  to  the  central  monitoring  system.  by  visualizing  this,  the  asset  manager  can  take  proactive  action  on  that  specific  asset  that  needs  urgent  maintenance  and  create  a  work  order  for  that  device.  a  mail  will  be  sent  to  a  field  engineer  to  check  the  device  and  repair  it.  by  this,  the  physical  device  downtime  possibility  can  be  eliminated  in  an  organization  and  make  a  huge  growth  in  productivity.  by  the  help  of  many  open  sources  and  paid  individuals,  the  iot  platform  is  already  launched  by  different  organization  like  ibm,  ptc,  etc.  as  the  internet  of
__label__logisticstracking things  iot  can  automate  end  to  end  process  by  continuously  sending  the  asset  status,  health  and  other  parameters  to  the  central  system.  the  sensors  enabled  a  system,  decreases  the  human  resource  need  to  unnecessarily  check  each  asset  and  do  the  maintenance.  iot  specifically  identifies  the  exact  asset  which  needs  to  get  attention  and  which  does  not.  if  some  device  is  failing  to  send  the  expected  data  through  the  sensors  to  the  central  system,  the  field  engineer  can  be  notified  to  proactively  check  that  device  and  prevent  the  device  downtime  failure  which  leads  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  a  device  or
__label__logisticstracking asset.  internet  of  things  iot  enabled  asset  management  provides  predictive  maintenance  which  can  stop  a  device  from  failure.  by  using  certain  sensors,  we  can  keep  tracking  the  performance  data  of  a  device,  based  on  that  we  can  conclude  when  the  asset  is  likely  to  fail  and  need  attention.  the  maintenance  manager  then  notices  the  problem  and  assigns  some  engineer  to  look  into  it.  without  rectifying  the  source  from  where  the  expenses  are  created  its  difficult  for  any  business  to  cut  down  the  maintenance  cost.  if  the  maintenance  manager  is  unaware  of  the  root  cause  of  the  problem  an  asset  is
__label__logisticstracking facing,  he  cannot  take  the  proper  action  in  fixing  the  device.  iot  enabled  asset  will  give  the  information  in  the  form  of  data  of  the  parameter  and  based  on  the  root  cause  can  be  rectified  and  take  the  smart  financial  decisions.  we  at  optimizemro,  help  companies  achieve  realtime  asset  monitoring,  develop  robust  predictive  maintenance  strategy  and  implement  asset  tracking.  our  dedicated  iot  asset  monitoring  platform  will  enable  higher  asset  uptime  and  better  roi  from  cmms  /  eam.  smart  solutions  for  mro,
__label__logisticstracking social  network  for  security  executives:  help  make  right  cyber  security  decisions  this  is  a  list  of  various  use  cases  of  iot.  some  of  them  have  been  detailed,  because  of  current  or  potential  challenges  and  usage  trends.  there  are  two  types  of  systems:  old  systems  with  hardly  any/nil  instrumentation,  and  the  relatively  new  ones  with  instruments  which  generate  lot  of  data  using  automation  systems,  robots,  nc  machines,  plcs,  digital  gauges,  cameras,  sensors,  wireless  tools  and  others  devices.  these  data  cant  easily  be  combined  and  analyzed,  creating  a  challenge  that  traditional  manufacturing  systems  were  not  designed  for.  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted
__label__logisticstracking for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  with  current  thrust  of  make  in  india,  and  the  appetite  of  the  industry  and  start  ups,  this  perhaps  has  the  biggest  potential  in  india.  manufacturing  has  three  areas  of  use  cases:  a.  manufacturing  operations  operations  of  manufacturing  include  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  iot.  b.  production  asset  management  and  maintenance  this  is  the  second  largest  iot  use  case  in  manufacturing  and  in  reality  also
__label__logisticstracking consists  of  a  range  of  potential  applications.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring  and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way.  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  signs  of  warning,  use  real  time  data  to  create  a  maintenance  timeline  and  preemptively  service  equipment.  e.g.  a  gas  turbine  noise  levels  and  frequency  spectrum  can  be  a  great  source  of  information  on  health  of  the
__label__logisticstracking blades  and  bearings.  c.  field  service  this  covers  manufacturing  plant,  warehouse,  extended  supply  chain  and  customer  site.  some  examples  of  detailed  use  cases  and  the  benefits  iot  offers:  production  flow  monitoring:  optimize  flow,  eliminate  waste  and  avoid  unnecessary  work  in  process  inventory.  remote  equipment  management,  including  setting  specific  limits  and  parameters  to  save  energy  and  costs.  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts:  optimize  machine  availability,  minimize  interruption  and  increase  throughput.  usage  of  data  product,  customer  sentiment  and  more  for  quality  monitoring,  origin/sourcing  of  material  and  enhancement  in  function  of  outcomes.  i.  conventional  ii.  renewable  energy:  solar,  wind  etc.  weather  and  demand  to  supply
__label__logisticstracking optimization  and  control  solar,  wind  being  the  infirm  energy  supply  sources,  but  penetrating  rapidly  in  the  overall  system  and  using  free/renewable  resource;  has  a  high  impact  and  attention  requirement  in  planning  and  control  in  an  overall  system  of  energy  generation  to  usage  chain.  iot  has  a  large  potential  to  benefit  these  systems.  monitoring,  ops  and  maintenance  large  remote  and  generally  unattended  power  plants,  as  well  as  distributed  smaller  systems  will  be  better  served  with  iot  systems.  cost,  bidding  short  and  long  term,  considering  time  of  the  day  seasonal,  specific  events  a  large  decision  making  input  can  come  from  large  network
__label__logisticstracking of  iot  sensors  across  the  globe,  starting  with  weather  data  and  rapidly  erratic  one  thanks  to  climate  changes.  load  demands  in  large  industries  as  well  as  urban/rural  areas  can  be  assessed  and  managed  when  smart  equipment  with  logical,  machine  learnt  decision  making  systems  are  implemented.  example:  peak  demand:  curtailment  of  peak  to  generator  response;  and  optimized  cost  of  generation  with  a  mix  of  generators  and  storage  could  be  greatly  benefited  from  iot.  b.  transmission  distribution  twoway  communications  and  smart  devices  extend  your  realtime  capabilities  to  include  distribution  automation,  demand  response  and  distributed  energy  resources.  applications  allow  you  to  accurately  monitor,
__label__logisticstracking measure  and  predict  your  business  performance.  from  billing  data  access  and  reportingto  powering  solutions  like  phase  detection,  voltage  imbalances,  harmonics  with  most  energy  efficient  loads:  lights,  computers,  variable  drives  etc.  being  the  cause  of  harmonics.  rural,  remote  applications  including  micro  grids,  supported  by  energy  storage,  multi  sourced  supply  including  renewable  energy  can  make  use  of  iot  for  improving  customer  experience,  supplydemand  management  dsm,  reduced  costs  and  maintenance.  example:  maximizing  asset  life  and  utilization  most  transformers  are  over  designed  and  right  voltage,  temperature,  old  condition,  gis  data,  e.g.  can  help  optimize  their  capacities,  location  and  thus  reduce  cost,  maintenance,  down  time.
__label__logisticstracking c.  smart  grid  and  smart  metering  smart  meter  helps  utilities  to:  reduce  operating  expenses  by  managing  manual  operations  remotely;  improve  forecasting  and  streamline  powerconsumption;  improve  customer  service  through  profiling  and  segmentation;  reduce  energy  theft;  and  simplify  microgeneration  monitoring  and  track/manage  renewable  power.  with  builtin  capabilities  to  enable  auto  shutoff,  conservation  voltage  reduction  cvr,  phase  detection,  and  net  metering  for  solar  e.g..  consumers  can  enter  an  event,  such  as  purchasing  a  new  water  heater,  solar  photovoltaic  system,  and  compare  usage  before  and  after.  each  piece  of  information  empowers  them  to  make  some  impactful  decisions.  should  they  leave  a  light  or  computer
__label__logisticstracking on,  considering  that  frequent  switching  is  also  not  recommended?  small  decisions  with  a  potentially  big  return.  d.  ops  predictive  maintenance  a.  exploration  help  in  site  survey,  data  analysis  and  improving  success  rates.  estimates  of  return  on  investments  will  be  possible  considering,  resource  availability,  cost  of  drilling,  transportation,  and  even  price  bidding.  b.  wells/mine  and  environmental  metrics  from  production  trends  to  environment  all  areas  can  be  benefited.  the  current  industry  uses  basic  tools  like  excel.  c.  optimization  for  improving  profits  operations,  maintenance  and  supplydemand  can  have  high  impacts,  and  considering  the  size  of  the  energy  market,  investment  in  iot  has  a
__label__logisticstracking very  high  potential  return.  d.  sale:  data  analytics  and  price  strategy,  forecasting  with  consumption  trends  save  the  consumers  from  wild  price  fluctuations,  including  the  very  sensitive  industrial  users.  a.  smart  cities  b.  traffic  optimization  thousands  of  cross  linked  road,  millions  of  vehicles,  and  drivers,  airports,  ports  can  be  helped  with  weather  data,  signaling,  movement  optimization,  and  major  event  vip  managements.  c.  public  safety  use  of  visual  monitoring  and  personnel  movements  data  collected  and  learnt,  can  help  decide  deployment  of  vigilance  personnel,  roster  duties.  emergency  services  such  as  fire,  ambulance,  police,  disaster  management  are  in  dire  need  of  iot  help  e.g.
__label__logisticstracking for  traffic,  location  of  victims,  crime  etc.  a.  telematics  and  fleet  management  it  will  help  improving  efficiency,  productivity  and  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  asset  tracking  is  becoming  used  more  and  more  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in  urban  environments.  b.  automatic  vehicles  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles.  driverless  taxis  can  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits  idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel
__label__logisticstracking closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  c.  asset  tracking  and  remote  monitoring  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  and  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  d.  condition  based  maintenance/predictive  maintenance  e.  automobile  i.  real  time  diagnostics  ii.  remote  vehicle  management  iii.  in  car  connectivity  and  infotainment  a.  automated  checkouts  b.  footfall  analytics  promos  c.  inventory  optimization  a.  network  maintenance  b.  connected  homes/cars  c.  data  monetization  a.  proactive  and
__label__logisticstracking connected  monitoring  b.  early  detection  and  diagnosis  c.  remote  measurements  d.  wearables  e.  health  and  fitness  tracking  f.  support  for  disability  currently,  over  a  billion  people  including  children  or  about  15  of  the  worlds  population  are  estimated  to  be  living  with  disability.  iot  can  offer  them  the  assistance  and  support  they  need  to  achieve  a  good  quality  of  life  and  allows  them  to  participate  in  the  social  and  economic  life.  a.  usage  based  insurance  b.  telematics  for  insurance  c.  insured  asset  management  :  tags:  join  ciso  platform  :  connect  with  security  peers,  find/  post  jobs,  share  your  knowledge  or  follow
__label__logisticstracking us  5  members  5  members  email:  contactcisoplatform.com  mobile:  91  99002  62585  infosec  media  private  limited,first  floor,  48,dr  dv  gundappa  road,  basavanagudi,bangalore,karnataka  560004  2019  created  by  .  powered  by  please  check  your  browser  settings  or  contact  your  system  administrator.
__label__logisticstracking services  our  story  process  from  the  blog  engagement  model  case  studies  our  works  our  team  resources  careers  technologies  work  with  peerbits  healthcare  logistics  education  retail  finance  wellness  fitness  oil  and  gas  transportation  work  with  peerbits  services  cloud  team  ui/ux  design  enterprise  mobility  startups  delivery  efficient  way  of  transportation  taxi  the  fastest  way  to  hail  a  taxi.  fuel  delivery  manage  your  fuel  business  with  a  mobility  solution  gas  delivery  manage  your  cooking  gas  business  with  a  delivery  app  mobile  finance  manage  banks  and  fintech  startups  on  demand  move  from  pull  to  push  economy.  warehouse  restaurant  mcommerce  work  with  peerbits  our  story
__label__logisticstracking process  engagement  model  our  team  resources  careers  from  the  blog  the  iot  is  a  system  of  interrelated  computing  devices,  mechanical  and  digital  machines,  objects,  animals  or  people  that  are  provided  with  unique  identifiers  and  the  ability  to  transfer  data  over  a  network  without  requiring  humantohuman  or  humantocomputer  interaction.  wikipedia  one  of  the  biggest  problems  faces  is  the  tracking  of  fleet.  with  vehicle  tracking  solutions  powered  by  iot  devices,  a  vehicle  tracking  system  vts  is  not  only  implementable  but  also  economical.  gps  or  the  global  positioning  satellite  system  has  been  around  long  before  iot  devices  came  out.  while  gps  data  transmitted
__label__logisticstracking to  a  host  over  a  mobile  data  connection  is  enough  to  track  the  moment  of  a  vehicle  in  real  time,  iot  essentially  makes  vehicle  tracking  solutions  a  lot  more  efficient,  economical,  automated,  and  reliable.  iot  devices,  also  known  as  connected  devices,  are  regular  household  and  commercial  appliances  and  gadgets,  except  you  can  connect  and  control  them  over  a  network:  a  personal  network  or  the  internet.  yes,  you  can  switch  on  your  air  conditioner  with  your  smartphone  from  anywhere  if  both  are  connected  to  the  internet.  but  thats  only  a  smaller  part  of  what  connected  devices  can  achieve.  read  more:  imagine
__label__logisticstracking how  easy  it  would  be  to  track  things  if  everything  could  connect  to  the  network.  we  can  only  anticipate  the  way  it  will  revolutionize  different  industries.  consumers  are  already  the  biggest  beneficiary  of  this  era  of  connected  devices  while  businesses  are  still  traversing  how  this  technology  breakthrough  will  improve  their  bottom  line.  growth  is  already  significant  in  the  iot  sector.  in  2015,  to  understand  the  implications  of  internet  of  thing  iot  devices  on  logistics  sector.  as  per  the  study,  there  were  15  billion  connected  devices  in  2015  and  they  will  rise  to  50  billion  by  2020a  staggering  rise  of  333
__label__logisticstracking since  2012  in  the  number  of  iot  devices.  the  report  further  indicates  that  logistics  industry  would  be  the  biggest  beneficiary  of  iot.  businesses  can  ensure  that  all  their  vehicles  are  working  properly  by  setting  alerts  for  maintenance,  wear  tear  of  tire,  deviations  in  temperature,  and  many  more.  moreover,  you  can  run  preventive  maintenance  with  your  vehicle  management  system  that  keeps  your  fleet  in  the  best  condition  and  safe.  it  also  prevents  any  sudden  expenses  or  incurring  delays  due  to  breakdowns.  a  fleet  will  generate  a  huge  amount  of  information  such  as  the  tracking  speed,  fuel  consumption,  distance  traveled,  utilization  of
__label__logisticstracking vehicles,  and  many  more.  to  monitor  all  these  data  manually  would  be  a  tough  task.  moreover,  its  prone  to  human  errors.  however,  with  the  help  of  iot  and  the  ,  you  can  keep  an  eye  on  all  these  data  and  subsequently  analyze  it  to  enhance  the  overall  efficiency  of  your  fleet  system.  early  adopters  of  iot  enjoys  an  absolute  advantage  over  others  due  to  two  reasons.  first,  it  reduces  the  overall  cost  by  optimum  utilization  of  resources,  and  second,  it  helps  in  acquiring,  sharing  and  acting  on  realtime  data  which  results  in  quick  and  precise  decisions.  the  technology  is  still
__label__logisticstracking evolving,  and  as  providers  find  many  use  cases,  internet  of  things  will  turn  out  to  be  the  lifeline  of  the  fleet  management  industry.  an  is  way  lot  efficient  than  a  traditional  vehicle  tracking  system  is.  if  youre  into  logistic  industry,  you  should  definitely  think  about  upgrading  your  systems.  get  peerbits  latest  articles  straight  to  your  inbox.  delivering  excellence,  righteously  call  us  24/7  career  skype:  email:  we  appreciate  your  attention  and  wants  to  complement  you.  your  personal  information  remains  intact  with  us
__label__logisticstracking new  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  system  of  interrelated  computing  devices,  mechanical  and  digital  machines,  objects,  animals  or  people  that  are  provided  with  unique  identifiers  and  the  ability  to  transfer  data  over  a  network  without  requiring  humantohuman  or  humantocomputer  interaction  one  of  the  biggest  problems  the  logistics  industry  faces  is  tracking  of  the  fleet.  iot  essentially  makes  vehicle  tracking  solutions  a  lot  more  efficient,  economical  and  automated.  there  can  be  n  number  of  use  cases  for  iot  and  one  the  very  pertinent  case  being  in  the  fleet  management  system.  iot  based  device  can  capture  a  lot  of  parameters
__label__logisticstracking such  as  driver  behavior,  idling  and  stopping  time.  presentday  vehicle  tracking  system  can  be  used  for  fuel  monitoring,  load  monitoring,  temperature  monitoring  and  rfid/biometric  integration  and  so  on.  radiofrequency  identification  or  rfid:  rfid  helps  control  and  track  products.  global  positioning  system  or  gps:  gps  tracking  solutions  obtain  realtime  information  on  routes.  onboard  diagnostics  or  obd  ii:  obd  ii  obtains  information  on  vehicle  maintenance  and  driving  conditions.  iot  plays  an  important  role  in  fleet  management  by  connecting  applications  to  deliver  the  data  and  services  that  make  fleet  operations  safer,  greener,  and  more  costeffective.  internet  of  things  created  a  tremendous  impact  on
__label__logisticstracking fleet  management  with  machinetomachine  m2m  solutions  to  make  the  smart  city  come  alive.  with  iot  for  fleet  management,  we  can  not  only  keep  track  of  vehicles  but  also  monitor  highvalue  assets  in  remote  locations.  the  power  of  iot  is  being  harnessed  in  every  possible  way  to  make  the  world  more  connected.  this  interconnectivity  enables  us  to  control  every  connected  object  despite  being  miles  away.  just  think  how  smart  home  apps  enable  you  to  control  the  thermostat  from  your  mobile  device.  it  continues  to  expand  into  new  areas  like  healthcare,  retail,  agriculture,  security,  disaster  management,  etc.  the  supply  chain  is  made
__label__logisticstracking up  of  various  stakeholders  including  manufacturers,  transport  companies  and  retailers.  information  sharing  and  connectivity  is  essential  for  all  of  them.  therefore,  iot  has  an  important  role  to  play  in  this  industry.  iot  is  not  something  which  is  going  to  happen  in  the  future  it  is  happening  right  now.  it  has  become  the  norm.  it  has  already  started  affecting  a  lot  of  aspects  of  our  lives.  predictions  are  that  there  could  be  28  billion  connected  objects  by  the  year  2021.  businesses  have  tremendous  opportunities  to  benefit  from  such  a  hyperconnected  world  and  iot,  undoubtedly,  has  set  to  become  the  backbone  of
__label__logisticstracking the  fleet  management  industry.  enterprise  expertise  with  24x7  support.  our  team  will  get  in  touch  with  you  within  24  48  hours.  this  ebook  aims  to  educate  you  about  tookan  and  its  services  in  some  depth  also  discussing  its  applicability  to  everything  you  need  to  know  to  start,  build  and  grow  your  marketplace  business.  we  are  market  leaders  in  delivering  mobility  solutions  to  entrepreneurs  and  enterprises  looking  to  provide  an  omni  channel  experience  to  their  customers.  our  mission  is  to  engineer  and  maximize  mobile  roi.  clicklabs  inc,  it  park  plot  no  16,  sector  22,  panchkula,  haryana  134109,  india  30  cecil  street
__label__logisticstracking our  team  will  get  in  touch  with  you  for  the  next  steps,  for  questions  or  rush  request  please  email  our  team  will  get  in  touch  with  you  for  the  next  steps,  for  questions  or  rush  request  please  email  didnt  find  what  you  need?
__label__logisticstracking the  hence,  iotbased  fleet  tracking  systems  facilitates  vehicles  with  sensors,  data  and  the  internet  to  monitor  fleets  in  a  smarter  way.  as  a  result,  transformation  fleet  management  into  a  more  sustainable  efficient,  reliable,  economical  and  automated  business.  location  data  collected  by  onvehicle  sensors,  including  gps  and  obd  ii  sensors,  makes  it  easier  to  get  control  of  your  fleet.  gps  data  is  transmitted  to  a  host  over  a  mobile  data  connection.  as  a  result,  this  is  fast  enough  to  track  the  movement  of  a  vehicle  in  real  time.  data  from  all  sensors  is  sent  to  the  local  gateway  over  a  mobile
__label__logisticstracking data  connection  as  the  vehicle  moves.  this  gives  you  realtime  tracking,  hence  you  can  monitor  drivers  routes  and  dispatch  tasks  efficiently.  you  can  also  get  complete  record  about  the  vehicle,  route,  location,  driver,  time  and  delivery  from  the  secure  application  server.  the  obd  ii  sensors,  provide  a  detailed  analysis  of  the  engine  speed,  torque  at  transmission,  accelerator  and  pedal  position.  this  gives  you  complete  control  of  your  vehicles  and  enables  you  to  check  the  operational  health  of  your  fleet.  many  of  the  iot  based  fleet  vehicle  tracking  systems  provide  predictive  maintenance.  therefore,  assisting  in  ordering  parts,  components  and  vehicle  availability,
__label__logisticstracking before  it  causes  an  issue.  iot  provides  many  new  tools  to  gather,  share,  and  act  on  realtime  information,  helping  companies  to  make  rapid  decisions.  logistic  companies  can  move  to  the  cloud  for  their  daily  operations  and  track  fleets  anywhere,  anytime,  and  on  any  device.  then  using  the  collective  data  from  iot  devices,  logistic  companies  gain  valuable  insights  into  driver  behaviour,  scheduling  and  effective  routing.  iot  opens  the  doors  to  new  possibilities  by  supporting  thirdparty  apis  for  traffic  reporting,  average  speed,  and  driver  behaviour  monitoring.  with  the  proper  application  of  iot,  logistic  companies  can  benefit  from  improved  performance  behind  the  wheel.
__label__logisticstracking also,  capture  useful  fleet  data  to  reduce  running  costs  and  make  optimal  use  of  resources.  download  your  free  copy  of  the  compass  tracking  case  study,  to  find  out  how  jt  iot  can  help  you  and  your  customers.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  any  other  questions  about  please  feel  free  to  .
__label__logisticstracking search  senior  writer,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  reached  that  fun  phase  in  which  everyone  has  started  to  figure  out  a  wider  array  of  meaningful  use  cases  for  the  technology,  but  few  of  those  uses  are  fully  mature.  from  the  industrial  iot  and  predictive  maintenance  to  nebulous  smart  city  tech  the  iots  hitting  a  new  growth  spurt,  and  one  of  the  newest  applications  is  headed  to  a  highway  near  you.  or,  actually,  its  coming  to  a  really  big  parking  lot  somewhere  near  you.  fleet  management  is  one  of  the  longpromised  applications  of  iot  tech  thats  starting  to  take  off
__label__logisticstracking lately,  with  announcements  this  month  from  companies  like  silicon  labs  and  cognosos,  who  rolled  out  a  vehicletracking  system  for  lot  operators.  the  idea  is  to  use  a  small  socbased  identifier  tag,  applied  to  the  visor  or  rearview  mirror  and  scanned  into  the  system  by  a  smartphone  app,  to  provide  realtime  location  and  status  information  about  a  tracked  vehicle.  theres  even  an  accelerometer  to  help  provide  pinpoint  accurac,  and  to  alert  the  user  if  a  car  is  being  moved.  the  ability  to  graft  meaningful  intelligence  onto  vehicles  that  werent  designed  with  any  such  systems  in  mind  is  a  powerful  one,  and
__label__logisticstracking its  a  technique  being  used  in  other  fields  to  iotify  existing  hardware  witness  aging  industrial  machinery  sporting  new  connected  sensors  and  older  medical  devices  with  asset  tracking  and  diagnostic  abilities  added  in  via  similar  modules.  the  term  internet  of  things  has  always  been  a  partial  misnomer.  iot  devices  talk  to  each  other  and  to  backends  via  a  huge  range  of  different  connectivity  technologies,  from  sms  to  licensed  cellular  to  specialist  lowpower  wan  networks.  nevertheless,  regular  old  wifi  remains  an  important  type  of  iot  connectivity.  a  newly  released  forecast  from  cisco  estimates  that  by  2022  more  than  half  of  all  ip
__label__logisticstracking network  connections  around  the  world  will  be  some  form  of  iot  or  m2m  device,  instead  of  a  laptop  or  smartphone.  thats  a  sharp  increase  from  ciscos  previous  estimates  of  that  number,  but  the  company  said  that  the  profusion  of  highbandwidth  iot  use  cases,  including  autonomous  vehicles,  connected  health  devices  and  video  surveillance  means  that  iots  share  of  ip  traffic  has  spiked.  with  millions  of  devices  communicating  different  kinds  of  information  via  different  kinds  of  networks,  the  iot  is  crying  out  for  some  standardization,  to  help  unlock  its  true  potential  as  a  transformative  technology.  unfortunately,  there  is  also  a  profusion  of
__label__logisticstracking different  standards,  whether  theyre  from  industry  umbrella  groups,  technical  committees  or  vendors  pronouncing  their  connectivity  framework  as  standards.  nevertheless,  the  international  organization  for  standardization  a  panindustrial  regulatory  standardssetting  body  thats  been  around  in  one  form  or  another  since  the  1920s  has  made  its  considerable  presence  felt  in  the  world  of  iot  by  ratifying  the  open  connectivity  foundations  ocf  1.0  specification  as  an  international  standard.  the  standard  mandates  publickeybased  security,  cloud  management  and  interoperability  for  iot  systems  in  an  attempt  to  create  a  useful,  open  framework  for  iot.  whether  ocf  1.0  winds  up  being  a  meaningful  way  to  cut  through  the
__label__logisticstracking wild  undergrowth  of  competing  iot  standards  and  technologies  remains  to  be  seen,  but  an  official  iso  seal  of  approval  certainly  lends  credibility  to  the  foundations  efforts.  aruba  announced  earlier  this  month  that  its  latest  generation  of  new  access  points  will  boast  zigbee  and  bluetooth  5  capabilities.  the  idea  is  to  broaden  the  array  of  different  iot  device  types  that  can  use  their  aps,  and  reduce  the  need  for  alternative  network  deployments  to  handle  an  iot  infrastructure.  thats  handy  for  businesses  using  those  specific  network  protocols  and,  as  mentioned,  plenty  of  them  are  simply  using  wifi  for  iot  tasks  already  though
__label__logisticstracking there  are  still  plenty  of  iot  networking  standards  for  which  youll  need  separate  hardware.  and  the  path  toward  broader  deployments,  at  least  for  iiot  companies,  just  got  a  little  smoother  with  the  news  that  ges  predix  infrastructure  will  receive  a  new  predix  edge  upgrade  aimed  at  helping  industrial  companies  adapt  to  an  edgefocused  environment  by  making  the  deployment  process  simpler  and  more  automated.  its  also  got  compliance  and  security  features  builtin,  and  can  help  enable  the  edge  architectures  key  value  propositions  of  remote  processing  and  operation  in  limitedconnectivity  environments.  jon  gold  covers  iot  and  wireless  networking  for  network  world.  take
__label__logisticstracking thingsboard  platform  provides  outofthebox  components  and  apis  to  dramatically  reduce  time  to  market  and  your  effort  to  developfleet  tracking  solutions  and  gps  vehicle  tracking  systems.save  up  to  90  of  development  time  for  your  fleet  tracking  project  by  utilizing  following  benefits:  the  platform  provides  production  ready  server  infrastructure  to  connect  your  smart  cars  and  vehicles,  collect,  store  and  analyze  various  vehicle  data,  and  share  results  of  the  analysis  with  your  customers  and  endusers.  the  following  interactive  dashboard  hosted  on  live  demo  server  represents  vehicle  routes  and  state  indicators  visualization  that  may  be  embedded  in  your  iot  fleet  tracking  project.  see  dashboard
__label__logisticstracking description  below.  the  attached  dashboard  demonstrates  realtime  data  from  vehicle  sensors  that  is  collected  using  thingsboard  mqtt  api.  the  data  is  stored  in  cassandra  db  on  our  demo  server.  we  would  like  to  highlight  following  features:  the  diagram  below  identifies  data  flow  and  integration  points  for  typical  fleet  tracking  solution  that  uses  thingsboard  platform  to  collect  and  analyze  vehicle  data.  you  may  notice  that  there  are  plenty  of  connectivity  options  for  vehicle  sensors:  either  direct  connection  to  the  cloud  or  through  the  iot  gateway.platform  supports  industry  standard  encryption  algorithms  ssl  and  device  credentials  types  x.509  certificates  and  access  tokens.the  collected
__label__logisticstracking data  is  stored  in  cassandra  faulttolerant  and  reliable  nosql  database.thingsboard  rule  engine  allows  you  to  forward  incoming  data  to  various  analytics  systems,  such  as  apache  spark  or  hadoop  using  kafka  or  other  message  buses.
__label__logisticstracking it  is  the  internet  of  things,  but  with  an  enterprise  angle.  take  that  to  mean  industry  vertical  applications,  development  ecosystems,  product  design,  hardware,  deployment  and  more.  iot  is  truly  a  groundbreaking  innovation  that  affects  everything  in  our  lives  from  kitchen  appliances  to  major  business  operations.  things  like  gps  trackers,  sensors  and  even  everyday  objects  can  all  be  embedded  with  electronics  and  internet  connectivity  to  make  them  smart.  these  smart  objects  can  connect  to  the  cloud,  be  remotely  controlled  and  communicate  with  each  other.  iot  paved  the  way  for  tech  companies  to  create  tailormade  solutions  for  business  operations  and  daily  challenges.
__label__logisticstracking the  radical  changes  in  sophisticated  mobile  devices,  computers  and  advanced  machinery  were  somewhat  expected  because  of  the  speed  of  their  development  in  recent  years,  but  controlling  the  temperature  of  your  coffee  cup  via  your  smartphone  was  a  pleasant  surprise  for  everyone.  the  ability  to  create  vast  networks  of  connected  devices  has  already  deeply  affected  every  industry  in  the  world,  leading  to  iot  being  widely  considered  in  technological  history.  source:  shutterstock  although  gps  technology  has  been  around  for  decades,  the  emergence  of  iot  has  reshaped  the  way  we  use  gpsbased  applications  and  devices.  iot  technology  enhances  gps  devices  to  transmit  data
__label__logisticstracking remotely  and  connect  to  other  systems  and  sensors.  devices  can  collect  and  transmit  comprehensive  vehicle  data,  including  fuel  monitoring,  remote  temperature  monitoring  and  driver  identification.  take  a  look  at  some  examples  of  how  iot  connectivity  can  enhance  the  capabilities  of  gps  tracking  technology:  the  biggest  challenge  in  the  transport  and  logistics  industry  is  the  tracking  of  vehicles  and  where  they  are  headed.  can  be  a  logistical  nightmare.  with  hundreds  of  moving  assets  and  employees  scattered  across  cities  or  even  countries,  it  becomes  almost  impossible  to  keep  track  of  their  movements  and  plan  efficient  routes  and  provide  customers  with  accurate  etas.
__label__logisticstracking the  introduction  of  iotenabled  tracking  devices  completely  changed  the  way  fleet  companies  handle  their  business  operations.  field  managers  now  have  access  to  actionable  realtime  information  about  their  vehicles,  giving  them  total  control  over  their  assets  to  optimize  the  performance  of  their  workforce.  organizations  can  use  realtime  location  tracking  to  make  immediate  changes  to  routes  in  the  event  of  road  closures  or  traffic  and  ensures  they  can  respond  promptly  when  customers  require  urgent  services.  iot  has  promising  implications  for  the  lives  of  people  with  disabilities.  it  can  be  frustrating  to  depend  on  other  people  to  travel  or  take  care  of  your
__label__logisticstracking daily  needs.  new  innovations  are  developing  rapidly  to  empower  people  with  disabilities  with  the  help  of  advanced  sensors  and  iot  technology.  once  a  seemingly  farfetched  idea,  selfdriving  vehicles  will  soon  be  available  to  those  unable  to  drive  themselves.  personal  gps  tracking  devices  offer  a  myriad  of  tools  to  assist  people  and  ensure  their  safety,  such  as  a  panic  button,  event  alerts  and  live  tracking.  gps  trackers  with  iotenabled  sensors  provide  the  necessary  navigation  tools  when  moving  around  and  can  scan  the  surroundings  of  people  with  visual  impairments  to  direct  their  movements  and  keep  them  safe.  tracking  devices  also  provide  additional
__label__logisticstracking safeguards  in  the  form  of  personal  locators.  source:  shutterstock  losing  a  child  is  every  parents  worst  nightmare,  and  parents  have  every  right  to  be  worried.  the  statistics  on  missing  and  abducted  children  show  that  our  kids  are  very  vulnerable  to  the  outside  world.  iotenabled  tracking  devices  are  the  best  way  to  give  parents  peace  of  mind  without  restricting  a  childs  freedom.  these  devices  create  a  protective  barrier  around  children  to  keep  an  eye  on  them  at  all  times.  by  drawing  virtual  fences  around  specific  locations,  such  as  home  and  school,  parents  can  know  their  children  are  where  they  should  be
__label__logisticstracking without  having  to  actively  watch  the  tracker.  tools,  such  as  instant  event  alerts  and  an  sos  button,  can  be  lifesavers  in  emergency  situations,  giving  parents  the  chance  to  rush  to  their  childs  aid.  reveal  a  surprising  amount  of  information  about  our  driving  habits.  iot  technology  greatly  improves  a  drivers  monitoring  capabilities,  with  instant  updates  about  their  behavior  behind  the  wheel.  with  sensors  onboard,  tracking  devices  detect  and  help  prevent  the  driver  from  speeding,  idling,  harsh  braking  and  other  risky  driving  practices.  for  businesses  with  a  fleet  of  vehicles,  fleet  management  systems  integrated  with  iot  and  gps  technologies  have  unprecedented  benefits
__label__logisticstracking when  it  comes  to  .  with  the  driver  performance  reports  provided  by  the  management  system,  unruly  drivers  can  be  identified  and  encouraged  to  adopt  safer  driving  habits  through  training  schemes,  warnings  or  rewards  for  safe  driving.  in  emergency  situations,  managers  can  locate  vehicles  and  drivers  on  demand  to  dispatch  emergency  services  to  the  scene,  potentially  prevent  serious  injuries  and  reduce  vehicle  downtime  drastically.  source:  shutterstock  is  an  extremely  demanding  undertaking.  perishable  goods  such  as  vegetables,  baked  goods  and  meat  products  must  be  kept  in  a  carefully  controlled  environment  when  transported  over  long  distances,  which  means  they  must  be  monitored  around
__label__logisticstracking the  clock.  traditionally,  drivers  had  to  complete  this  laborious  process  manually  by  inspecting  the  cargo  at  regular  intervals.  these  days,  field  managers  use  gps  tracking  devices  containing  iotenabled  sensors  installed  into  each  vehicle  at  relatively  low  cost  to  monitor  every  vehicle  and  cargo  hold  simultaneously.  advanced  sensors  can  detect  any  changes  in  the  condition  of  the  cargo  hold  and  effortlessly  transfer  the  data  to  the  cloud.  field  managers  can  check  the  state  of  their  goods  remotely  from  anywhere  in  the  world  and  make  necessary  changes,  such  as  adjusting  the  temperature  and  humidity  settings  or  informing  the  driver  about  a  malfunction.
__label__logisticstracking iot  technology  is  spreading  like  wildfire  throughout  the  world.  its  already  had  a  huge  effect  on  many  aspects  of  our  lives,  and  its  still  evolving.  gpsbased  devices  and  tracking  systems  have  been  considerably  enhanced  by  the  emergence  of  iotenabled  systems  and  connected  sensors.  with  iots  superior  connectivity  and  the  vast  network  of  connected  devices,  technological  marvels  like  selfdriving  vehicles,  smart  homes  and  even  smart  cities  have  become  possible.  all  iot  agenda  network  contributors  are  responsible  for  the  content  and  accuracy  of  their  posts.  opinions  are  of  the  writers  and  do  not  necessarily  convey  the  thoughts  of  iot  agenda.  please  check
__label__logisticstracking the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs
__label__logisticstracking dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...
__label__logisticstracking open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade
__label__logisticstracking global  sales  global  sales  easily  track  your  trucks,  bikes,  and  other  vehicles  with  hologram  iot  sim  cards,  cellular  network,  and  device  management  dashboard.  track  vehicles  to  gain  profitable  insights  or  ensure  you  never  lose  valuable  assets  receive  realtime  updates  about  uptime  and  downtime  from  vehicles  on  the  go  utilize  our  dashboard  and  apis  to  make  your  data  useful  receive  real  time  updates  when  your  device  is  down  or  vehicle  is  unavailable  push  code  updates  to  your  device  trackers  over  cellular  use  our  network  to  track  vehicles  across  international  borders  or  spread  out  among  different  continents  protect  your  organization  from  device
__label__logisticstracking refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  system  of  interrelated  computing  devices,  mechanical  and  digital  machines,  objects,  animals  or  people  that  are  provided  with  unique  identifiers  and  the  ability  to  transfer  data  over  a  network  without  requiring  humantohuman  or  humantocomputer  interaction.  wikipedia  these  are  among  the  many  technologies  enable  iot  app  development:  one  of  the  biggest  problems  the  logistics  industry  faces  is  the  tracking  of  a  fleet.  with  vehicle  tracking  solutions  powered  by  iot  devices,  a  vehicle  tracking  system  vts  is  not  only
__label__logisticstracking implementable,  but  also  economical.  iot,  in  the  frame  of  vtss,  currently  works  on  three  main  technologies:  gps  has  been  around  long  before  iot  devices  came  out.  and  now,  gps  data  is  transmitted  to  a  host  over  a  mobile  data  connection  fast  enough  to  track  the  movement  of  a  vehicle  in  real  time.  iot  essentially  makes  vtss  a  lot  more  efficient,  economical,  automated,  and  reliable.  iot  devices,  also  known  as  connected  devices,  are  regular  household  and  commercial  appliances  and  gadgets,  except  you  can  connect  and  control  them  over  a  network:  a  personal  network  or  the  internet.  yes,  you  can  switch  on
__label__logisticstracking your  air  conditioner  with  your  smartphone  from  anywhere  if  both  are  connected  to  the  internet.  but  thats  only  a  smaller  part  of  what  connected  devices  can  achieve.  imagine  how  easy  it  would  be  to  track  things  if  everything  could  connect  to  the  network.  we  can  only  anticipate  the  way  it  will  revolutionize  different  industries.  consumers  are  already  the  biggest  beneficiary  of  this  era  of  connected  devices,  while  businesses  are  still  traversing  how  this  technology  breakthrough  will  improve  their  bottom  line.  growth  is  already  significant  in  the  iot  sector.  in  2015,  to  understand  the  implications  of  internet  of  thing  iot  devices
__label__logisticstracking on  logistics  sector.  as  per  the  study,  there  were  15  billion  connected  devices  in  2015  and  they  will  rise  to  50  billion  by  2020  a  staggering  rise  of  333  since  2012  in  the  number  of  iot  devices.  the  report  further  indicates  that  the  logistics  industry  would  be  the  biggest  beneficiary  of  iot.  the  technology  is  still  evolving,  and  as  vts  providers  find  many  use  cases,  iot  will  turn  out  to  be  the  lifeline  of  the  fleet  management  industry.  an  iotbased  fleet  tracking  system  is  way  lot  efficient  than  a  traditional  vehicle  tracking  system  is.  if  youre  in  the  logistics  industry,
__label__logisticstracking cambridge,  uk,  april  3,  2014  senaptic,  a  new  company  focusing  on  ultrascalable,  private  network  solutions  for  iot,is  employing  an  oldfashioned,  revenuefirst  approach  to  the  development  ofsmart  cities  and  utilities.  ringtrack,  a  cambridgeshire  based  specialising  in  vehicle  tracking  and  asset  recovery,  has  developed  an  m2m  and  telematics  platform  which  is  packaged  and  ready  to  use  with  any  oem  device  you  choose.  sydney,  australia  navman  wireless  is  to  make  its  gps  fleet  management  product  available  to  telstra  customers  under  a  new  monthly  repayment  option.  this  will  be  the  first  time  that  telstra  has  offered  fleet  management  technology  dragons  den  star  and  serial
__label__logisticstracking entrepreneur  peter  jones  has  sold  wireless  logic  to  eci  partners,  a  uk  midmarket  private  equity  firm,  for  38m.  wireless  logic  was  an  independent  m2m  communications  specialist,  with  3600  customers  and  nearly  600,000  sims  under  management  in  the  uk  and  continental  europe.  skype  has  been  integrated  into  nextraqs  fleet  dispatch  integrated  gps  dispatching  product,  combining  with  sms  and  garmin  dispatching  software.  vehicle  tracking  is  now  a  critical  operational  tool  for  many  fleets,  according  to  the  ctrack  vehicle  tracking  survey  2011,  with  70  of  users  cutting  operational  costs  and  almost  6  out  of  10  increasing  productivity.  uk  telematics  specialist  autotxt  is  using
__label__logisticstracking the  m2m  services  and  the  mobile  radio  communications  network  of  deutsche  telekom  for  its  vehicle  antitheft  protection  products.  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.
__label__logisticstracking the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__logisticstracking in  todays  world  of  technological  diversity,  fleet  management  solutions  have  evolved  way  beyond  simple  gps  tracking  systems.  the  world  of  fleet  iot  is  expanding.  at  the  same  time,  its  increasingly  important  that  technology  is  integrated  so  that  fleet  managers  can  centralize  all  of  their  actionable  information  into  one  data  hub.  having  only  one  system  to  manage  makes  it  easier  to  focus  your  efforts  and  also  lightens  your  workload  the  true  value  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  lies  in  the  data.  a  found  that  the  top  five  roi  from  iot  data  was:  telematics  the  fleet  iot  hub  open  platform  telematics
__label__logisticstracking is  revolutionizing  fleet  capabilities  by  acting  as  an  iot  hub  for  the  vehicle.  by  adding  on  hardware  accessories  to  your  geotab  go  device,  you  can  go  beyond  basic  gps  tracking  and  take  your  fleet  to  the  next  level.  see  also  :  one  expansion  port  with  vast  possibilities  the  basis  of  the  integration  capability  with  the  geotab  go  device  is  the  patented  inputoutput  expander  iox.  a  cursory  review  of  the  geotab  go  specification  sheet  provides  details  as  to  where  the  iox  port  is  physically  located  on  the  device  as  well  as  examples  of  the  types  of  integrations  the  device  is  capable
__label__logisticstracking of  via  different  iox  cable  types.  geotab  provides  certain  iox  products,  such  as  the  ,  which  have  been  designed  and  built  solely  by  geotab  engineering  team  members.  other  iox  products,  such  as  the  ,  provide  a  means  for  thirdparty  devices  to  integrate  with  geotab  and  allows  partners  to  bring  in  data  for  things  like  weighscales,  tire  pressure  monitoring  systems,  and  camera  systems.  for  a  preview  of  some  more  businessspecific  fleet  solutions,  read  our  post  on  the  .  advanced  iox  integration  for  fleets  lets  have  a  look  at  some  unique  application  possibilities  when  leveraging  the  iox  port  on  your  geotab  go
__label__logisticstracking device.  relay  control  with  the  ioxoutput  if  you  have  a  need  to  send  nearreal  time  commands  to  a  component  within  a  fleet  asset,  ioxoutput  would  be  a  good  solution  to  learn  more  about.  examples  of  ioxoutput  applications:  such  applications  involve  the  usage  of  an  tied  into  a  relay  circuit  within  some  functional  component  of  the  fleet  asset.  with  the  hardware  installed  in  this  manner,  a  command  can  be  sent  via  the  mygeotab  web  interface  or  the  geotab  api  in  order  to  control  the  state  of  a  relay  circuit  within  the  vehicle.  bidirectional  message  transfer  with  the  ioxrs232  in  general,  hardware
__label__logisticstracking integrations  with  the  geotab  go  device  only  involve  readable  data  being  received  from  other  peripheral  devices  located  within  the  fleet  asset.  leveraging  the  allows  for  such  flexibility  for  twoway  device  communication.  similar  to  the  example  described  above  for  the  ioxoutput  commands  initiated  via  web  requests,  it  is  possible  to  send  messages  back  to  a  peripheral  device  which  is  connected  to  a  geotab  go.  simple  application  of  ioxrs232:  consider  an  incab  display  monitor  connected  to  a  go  device  which  presents  the  driver  with  a  written  text  message  whenever  they  break  a  mygeotab  rule.  using  mygeotab  web  request  notifications,  the  outbound  text
__label__logisticstracking message  could  include  written  details  such  as  the  rule  name,  zone  name,  speed,  etc.  which  could  assist  in  driver  coaching  efforts  and  even  routing  applications.  note  that  hardware  addon  integrations  like  this  require  the  implementation  of  geotabs  .  how  to  develop  your  own  iox  addon  a  relatively  new  functionality  in  geotabs  hardware  addon  suite  of  options  is  the  ability  for  thirdparty  companies  to  design  their  own  hardware,  capable  of  communicating  directly  to  the  geotab  go  device.  this  option  truly  underlines  the  fact  that  geotab  is  open  to  providing  a  platform  for  anyone  to  build  on  and  leverage  in  order  to
__label__logisticstracking improve  their  own  business  processes.  an  example  of  this  type  of  application  would  be  the  direct  integration  of  a  thirdparty  device  which  is  programmed  to  read  and  interpret  proprietary  signals  on  an  assets  can  network.  the  thirdparty  device  could  translate  the  proprietary  engine  data  signals  into  a  desirable  format  for  the  go7  device  and  send  the  data  directly  to  the  go  where  it  would  be  recorded  and  transmitted  to  the  cloud.  for  more  details  on  this  functionality,  please  see  this  post  on  .  iox  is  open  for  business  now  that  you  have  a  taste  of  some  of  the  capabilities  of
__label__logisticstracking the  iox  for  geotab  go,  its  time  to  think  about  how  it  can  better  enrich  your  business.  geotab  is  constantly  working  to  bring  on  more  partners,  new  ideas  and  unique  use  cases  in  order  to  help  solve  some  of  the  most  difficult  problems  in  todays  ever  diversifying  fleets.  iox  is  only  one  way  to  power  up  your  fleet.  there  are  endless  opportunities  for  fleets  to  innovate  and  find  more  value.  read  more  about  .  if  youd  like  to  learn  more  about  some  interesting  iox  applications,  be  sure  to  check  out  these  posts:  have  any  neat  ideas  for  new  fleet  iot
__label__logisticstracking your  search  did  not  match  any  results.  we  suggest  you  try  the  following  to  help  find  what  youre  looking  for:  drive  fleet  efficiency  with  oracle  internet  of  things  iot  fleet  monitoring  clouds  realtime  monitoring  of  vehicles,  drivers,  and  trips.  gain  realtime  visibility  into  vehicle  location,  cost  of  operation,  vehicle  usage,  and  driving  behavior.  get  realtime  vehicle  location,  status,  and  healthall  at  your  fingertips.  instantly  connect  your  fleet  and  digitally  transform  your  logistics  operations.  improve  customer  experiences  with  better  eta  predictions  and  their  impact  on  the  supply  chain.  optimize  transportation  and  logistics  processes.  softbanks  mobility  as  a  service  is  powered  by
__label__logisticstracking oracle  iot  cloud.  learn  how  softbank  benefits  from  oracles  cloud  services.  lochbridge  offers  strategic  consulting  so  businesses  can  leverage  iot  opportunities.  oracle  iot  cloud  enables  lochbridge  to  deliver  the  predictive  power  of  iot  to  know  when  any  connected  vehicle  needs  service,  when  to  adjust  operations,  and  how  to  avoid  downtime.  scott  rogers,  technical  director  at  noble  plastics,  explains  how  oracles  iot  cloud  allows  them  to  be  more  competitive  and  to  better  serve  their  customers.  see  whats  included  with  your  monthly  subscription.  user/month
__label__logisticstracking netwin  group  has  over  22  years  of  experience  in  providing  professional  software  solutions  to  its  clients  globally.  netwin  systems  software  caters  to  clients  in  banking,  finance  and  insurance  sector,  while  netwin  infosolutions  caters  to  clients  in  retail,  mfg,  hospitality  and  healthcare  sectors.netwin  infosolutions  has  delivered  innovative  and  valuable  solutions  in  the  field  of  internet  of  things  iot  and  data  analytics.  recently  netwin  has  introduced  ingenious,  the  nextgen  iot  gps  tracking  solution  designed  to  deliver  personal  tracking  solution  for  vehicles,school  bus  tracking  and  fleet  management.  ingenious  with  its  combined  suite  of  connected  navigation,  mobile  application  and  dashboard  analytics  platform.  ingenious  app
__label__logisticstracking on  your  mobile  combines  with  gps  obd  onboard  device  in  your  car  to  make  your  car  a  smart  car  and  you  a  smarter  driver.  just  plug  n  play  ingenious  obd  device  into  your  car  and  make  your  car  always  connected  to  the  cloud.  ingenious  app  on  your  mobile  plugs  into  your  cars  live  datafeed  in  the  cloud  and  brings  you  all  the  useful  insights  at  your  fingertips.  reinventing  ingenious  vehicle  tracking  platformnetwin  infosolutions  has  glad  to  inform  that  we  have  added  fleet  management  ifm  solution  to  its  forte  of  ingenious  vehicle  tracking  platform.  ingenious  fleet  management  solution  has  great  features
__label__logisticstracking required  for  very  complex  nature  of  logistics  and  transportation  business.  ingenious  fleet  management  platform  has  focused  on  the  commercial  vehicles  starting  with  small  tempo  to  a  large  truck.  it  can  be  fitted  with  any  size  of  commercial  vehicle.  ingenious  fleet  management  solution  allows  transport  manager  to  assign  driver  to  each  truck,  analyse  driver  behaviour,  and  monitor  fuel  consumption  and  fuel  efficiency  of  vehicle.a  great  feature  is  warehouse  efficiency  tracking.  it  allows  warehouse  manager  to  monitor  that  how  much  time  warehouse  staff  takes  to  load  or  unload  a  truck,  based  on  the  time  analysis  of  entire  day  or  week  including  all
__label__logisticstracking fleets  warehouse  efficiency  report  is  provided  to  warehouse  manager.with  the  release  of  ifm,  netwin  has  also  changed  the  entire  ui  of  ingenious  platform,  netwin  has  made  the  ingenious  platform  more  appealing  in  new  look  and  also  moved  from  to  gpstrackerfleetmanagementfleettrackingingeniousgpstrack
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  can  help  you  harness  the  power  of  the  iot  for  the  robust,  mobile  connectivity  your  fleet  operations  need.  in  a  world  of  increasingly  complex  and  globalized  logistics,  the  ability  to  accurately  track  your  assets  is  a  significant  competitive  advantage.
__label__logisticstracking especially  when  you  consider  that  companies  are  losing  2.4  billion  dollars  to  cargo  loss  or  damage  and  more  than  30  billion  dollars  to  theft  every  year.  by  deploying  an  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  solution,  you  gain  global  visibility  of  assets  wherever  they  are  in  realtime,  improving  efficiency,  eliminating  delays,  reducing  operational  costs,  and  preventing  theft,  loss,  and  vandalism.  asset  tracking  has  many  realworld  applications  including:  no  matter  which  assets  you  want  to  track  or  whether  youd  like  to  build  or  buy,  sierra  wireless  has  you  covered.  with  our  broad  portfolio,  we  can  help  you  stay  connected  to  your  highvalue  assets
__label__logisticstracking in  realtime  no  matter  what  your  unique  business  needs  are.  our  devicetocloud  asset  tracking  capabilities  with  modules,  gateways,  connectivity,  and  iot  platform  integration  means  we  can  build  a  customized  solution  tailored  specifically  to  your  needs.  if  you  need  to  start  tracking  your  assets  fast,  we  have  a  variety  of  prepackaged,  managed  solutions  that  are  both  costeffective  and  turnkey  for  small  and  medium  businesses  with  limited  resources.  get  ready  to  build  or  buy  your  asset  tracking  solution.  start  with  sierra  today.  fleet  operators  must  strive  to  achieve  the  lowest  possible  total  cost  of  ownership  tco  for  their  fleets  while  complying  with
__label__logisticstracking increasingly  stringent  environmental  and  safety  regulations.  fuel  consumption,  route  management,  driver  performance  and  vehicle  maintenance  all  play  a  part  in  this  goal.  fortunately,  the  internet  of  things  iot  also  plays  a  part,  by  connecting  applications  to  deliver  the  data  and  services  that  make  fleet  operations  safer,  greener,  and  more  costeffective.  learn  how  to  leverage  iot  solutions  in  fleet  management  to  make  fleet  operations  safer,  cleaner  and  more  cost  effective.  the  latest  fleet  management  solutions  take  advantage  of  the  iot  to  provide  fleet  operators  with  a  wide  range  of  benefits  over  the  lifetime  of  a  fleet,  including:  for  fleet  operators  wanting
__label__logisticstracking to  achieve  the  best  possible  roi  from  iotenabled  solutions,  the  key  is  to  equip  vehicles  with  wireless  technologies  designed  to  support  long  lifecycles.  primary  considerations  include:  robust  connectivity,  scalability,  and  the  flexibility  to  support  new  revenue  models.  select  telematics  devices  designed  to  perform  reliably  as  vehicles  cross  boundaries  from  rural  to  urban,  between  network  providers,  and  as  networks  evolve  from  2g  and  3g  to  4g/lte.  deploy  sims  and  modules  that  will  remain  compatible  to  avoid  the  cost  of  upgrading  devices  in  the  field.  for  oems,  telematics  service  providers  and  it  departments,  the  key  is  to  develop  connected  fleet  management  solutions
__label__logisticstracking using  technologies  that  are  scalable,  easy  to  deploy,  and  compatible  with  existing  and  evolving  standards.  solution  providers  can  further  reduce  tco  by  using  integrated  devicetocloud  iot  platforms  that  simplify  development,  allow  software  updates  across  multiple  device  types,  and  support  applications  integration  with  a  diverse  range  of  solutions  and  service  providers.  cloudbased  services  bundled  with  connectivity  services  offer  additional  flexibility  to  let  fleet  operators  support  the  flexible  business  models  they  need  today  and  position  for  the  future.  tracking  assets  as  they  move  though  the  supply  chain  is  a  huge  advantage  for  businesses.  but  generating  realtime  data  on  mobile  assets  is  hard,
__label__logisticstracking due  to:  the  most  challenging  aspect  of  fleet  management  solutions  is  that  they  require  more  than  just  machinetomachine  communications;  they  require  highlymobile  and  highlyreliable  connectivity.  sierra  wireless  offers  endtoend  connectivity  and  security,  a  host  of  oem  and  service  provider  partners,  and  expertise  in  largescale  wireless  deployments.  sierra  wireless  modules,  gateways,  and  platforms  allow  fleet  management  solution  developers  to  focus  on  creating  innovative  services  instead  of  worrying  about  connectivity  issues.  fleet  management  solution  providers  and  developers  can  count  on  sierra  wireless  for:  sierra  wireless  endtoend  solutions  allow  service  providers  to  select  flexible  business  models  by  bundling  connectivity  services  with  devices  to
__label__logisticstracking support  either  capex  or  opex  models.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  provides  managed  solutions  for  companies  whose  fleets  move  between  multiple  suppliers,  customers  and  manufacturers.  by  using  the  internet  of  things  iot,  our  managed  fleet  tracking  solutions  wirelessly  track  vehicles  virtually  anywhere  in  the  world.  in  a  world  of  increasingly
__label__logisticstracking complex  and  globalized  logistics,  the  ability  to  accurately  track  your  assets  is  a  significant  competitive  advantage.  especially  when  you  consider  that  companies  are  losing  2.4  billion  dollars  to  cargo  loss  or  damage  and  more  than  30  billion  dollars  to  theft  every  year.  by  deploying  an  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  solution,  you  gain  global  visibility  of  assets  wherever  they  are  in  realtime,  improving  efficiency,  eliminating  delays,  reducing  operational  costs,  and  preventing  theft,  loss,  and  vandalism.  asset  tracking  has  many  realworld  applications  including:  no  matter  which  assets  you  want  to  track  or  whether  youd  like  to  build  or  buy,  sierra  wireless  has
__label__logisticstracking you  covered.  with  our  broad  portfolio,  we  can  help  you  stay  connected  to  your  highvalue  assets  in  realtime  no  matter  what  your  unique  business  needs  are.  our  devicetocloud  asset  tracking  capabilities  with  modules,  gateways,  connectivity,  and  iot  platform  integration  means  we  can  build  a  customized  solution  tailored  specifically  to  your  needs.  if  you  need  to  start  tracking  your  assets  fast,  we  have  a  variety  of  prepackaged,  managed  solutions  that  are  both  costeffective  and  turnkey  for  small  and  medium  businesses  with  limited  resources.  get  ready  to  build  or  buy  your  asset  tracking  solution.  start  with  sierra  today.  for  years,  fleet  tracking
__label__logisticstracking and  management  solutions  have  helped  companies  to  make  commercial  trucks  and  cars  safer  and  more  efficient.  today,  growing  commercial  and  regulatory  pressures  are  introducing  new  standards  that  require  fleet  owners  to  do  even  more.  simple  tachometers  that  report  basic  driving  statistics  after  a  journey  are  no  longer  enough.  a  growing  emphasis  on  energy  savings,  emissions  reduction  and  driver  safety  is  raising  the  bar  and  sending  fleet  owners  in  search  of  new  solutions  that  give  them  more  actionable  intelligence  about  their  fleets  in  real  time.  connected  telematics  devices  are  a  crucial  part  of  this  new  drive  for  smarter  fleets.  as  both
__label__logisticstracking vehiclebased  sensors  and  backend  data  processing  capabilities  evolve,  fleet  owners  need  more  reliable,  higherspeed  communications  to  get  critical  driver  and  vehicle  performance  data  to  where  it  is  needed,  quickly,  accurately  and  securely.  todays  commercial  cars  and  trucks  are  not  simply  a  mode  of  transportation  for  their  drivers;  they  are  internet  of  things  iotconnected  vehicles  in  constant  touch  with  the  companies  who  own  the  fleets.  vehicle  monitoring  and  tracking  technology  offers  benefits  for  fleet  owners  that  extend  beyond  compliance.  these  applications  fall  into  several  important  areas:  tracking  technology  can  help  improve  driver  safety  by  alerting  fleet  management  systems  to  undesirable  conduct
__label__logisticstracking on  the  road,  such  as  speeding  and  rapid  acceleration  or  deceleration.  tracking  fuel  usage  enables  fleet  owners  to  reduce  their  own  costs,  which  is  especially  important  given  the  volatile  nature  of  gasoline  prices.  iot  connected  tracking  equipment  can  be  especially  useful  when  detecting  excessive  idling.  fleet  owners  can  reduce  the  cost  of  ownership  and  minimize  shipping  charges  by  tracking  and  monitoring  trucks  that  carry  expensive  or  commonly  stolen  cargo,  such  as  electronics  or  pharmaceuticals.  awareness  of  the  status  and  location  of  the  cargo  lessens  the  likelihood  of  the  cargo  or  vehicle  being  damaged  or  stolen.  advances  in  iot  and  sensor
__label__logisticstracking technology  have  resulted  in  a  new  generation  of  fleet  tracking  solutions,  capable  of  not  just  remotely  tracking  a  fleet,  but  also  sensing  the  environment  that  it  is  in.  sierra  wireless  managed  solutions  are  fullyintegrated  from  device  to  cloud  to  deliver  accurate,  timely  visibility  into  the  location  of  fleets  and  highvalue  assets.  the  specialized  devices  work  seamlessly  with  applications,  and  all  applications  offer  webbased  interfaces  that  allow  users  to  access  information  from  pcs,  tablets,  or  smartphones.  advanced  analytics  deliver  reports  and  visualizations  specifically  designed  for  each  vertical  industry.  sierra  wireless  fleet  tracking  solutions  include  hardware,  network,  and  software  applications  for  remote
__label__logisticstracking fleet  management,  gps  tracking,  mapping,  display,  reporting,  geofencing  and  alerts.  managed  solutions  for  fleet  tracking  include:  increased  roi,  improved  productivity,  theft  recovery  and  enhanced  safety  for  employees  and  assets  are  just  a  few  of  the  reasons  companies  deploy  fleet  tracking  solutions.  better  utilization  of  vehicles  can  reduce  fleet  size,  saving  on  maintenance,  operating,  and  replacement  costs.  we  provide  professional  services  including  installation  and  configuration,  and  we  deploy  tracking  devices  on  your  highvalue  assets.  the  devices  monitor  the  assets  critical  metrics  and  send  data  to  the  application  via  cellular  or  satellite  communication,  depending  on  the  devices  and  network  implemented.  the  application
__label__logisticstracking uses  this  data  to  manage  fleets  and  present  information  via  a  friendly  web  interface  that  alerts  logistics  managers  to  potential  problems,  while  an  integrated  mapping  function  makes  it  easy  to  visualize  materials  movement.  fleet  tracking  solutions  tell  users  where  their  fleets  are,  how  theyre  doing,  and  when  they  will  arrive.  ensuring  asset  visibility  translates  into  enhanced  productivity,  decreased  costs  and  losses,  and  increased  revenue.  our  fleet  tracking  solutions  are  marketready,  turnkey  and  managed  by  sierra  wireless  for  rapid  installation,  deployment  and  roi.  all  solution  components  are  seamlessly  integrated,  with  no  need  for  applications  development  because  the  software  is  userconfigurable  to
__label__logisticstracking meet  each  enterprises  operational  needs.  sierra  wireless  has  a  proven  track  record  when  it  comes  to  implementing  m2m  solutions.  with  a  network  platform  that  delivers  a  comprehensive  view  of  your  deployment  and  strong  relationships  with  leading  wireless  and  satellite  providers  for  worldwide  coverage,  you  can  be  assured  of  robust,  reliable  connectivity  for  your  asset  tracking  deployment.  sierra  wireless  manufactures,  installs,  and  supports  all  fleet  tracking  iot  devices.  the  devices  are  built  with  reliability,  scalability,  and  flexibility  in  mind.  our  fleet  tracking  devices  come  with  both  wired  and  obd  harness  configurations,  depending  on  the  needs  of  the  user.  each  of  our
__label__logisticstracking iot  devices  are  designed  to  address  the  specific  needs  of  each  vertical  application.  the  gnx5p  is  a  highly  configurable,  featurerich,  mobile  asset  tracking  device  designed  to  service  a  wide  variety  of  market  and  industry  requirements.  the  gnx5p  is  an  ideal  solution  for  mobile  resource  management,  vehicle  tracking  and  many  other  locationaware  applications  and  services.  the  gnx5p  utilizes  lte  cat  1  wireless  technology  for  compatibility  with  the  latest  wireless  network  architecture.  the  gnx5p  incorporates  leading  edge,  quality  components  for  superior  reliability  including  internal  cellular  and  gps  antennas  and  an  autocalibrating  3axis  accelerometer  for  monitoring  and  reporting  of  rapid  acceleration,  deceleration,  harsh
__label__logisticstracking cornering  and  other  events.  thank  you  your  message  has  been  sent.  a  sales  representative  will  contact  you  shortly.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  iot  is  revolutionizing  and  enabling  the  communication  industry  to  leap  forward  in  the  way  devicetodevice  interaction  takes  place.  this  aspect  of  machinetomachine  communication  is  paving  way  for  the  transitioning  of  transportation  industry  from  traditional  ecosystem.  we  help  create  and  modernize  robust  platforms  to  operate,  collaborate  and  execute  all  internet  of  things  iot  enabled  vehicle  tracking  system  vts  solutions  seamlessly.  we  are  addressing  all  the  challenges  from  typical  use  case  scenarios  by  integrating  endtoend  fleet  management  system  comprising  incloud  data  management,  invehicle  data  collection,  and  user  analytics.  our  vehicle  tracking  platform  helps  monitor  and  manage  an  infinite
__label__logisticstracking number  of  vehicles  realtime.  realtime  vehicle  tracking  connected  vehicle  sensors  fuel  tracking  vehicle  location  tracking  speed  control  fleet  analytics  vehicle  leasing  solutions  fleet  management  traffic  management  vehicle  scheduling  solutions  the  highlypractical  solution  helps  integrate  your  vehicles  sensors,  control  units,  data  transmitters,  and  the  hardware  module  to  track  its  performance,  health,  and  cost  factors  glitchfree.  monitoring  realtime  vehicle  health  timely  alerts  and  notifications  auto  maintenance  scheduling  smart  vehicle  maintenance  analytics  damage  detection  remote  diagnostics  cloud  overtheair  updates  cloud  locationbased  maintenance  with  our  advanced  api,  create  your  libraries  and  connect  with  any  iot  devices  hasslefree.  we  are  continually  working  to  cover  various
__label__logisticstracking iot  devices  to  make  your  prototyping  smooth  and  efficient.  we  support  multiple  platforms  and  protocols  including:  manage  your  devices  in  realtime  and  enable  smooth  communication  across  them.  our  license  and  device  management  solutions  offer  adaptable  and  automatic  provisioning.  store  the  device  data  in  realtime  with  complete  control  and  ownership.  our  pocketfriendly  solutions  help  you  access  your  data  anytime.  automatic  triggers,  jobs,  and  functions  to  process  the  data  received  from  the  appropriate  devices.  easily  send  notifications  through  sms,  voice  calls,  social  media  or  other  mediums.  endtoend  customization  of  the  iot  dashboards,  add  or  remove  the  drag  drop  widgets  with  ease.  analyze
__label__logisticstracking the  data  for  sound  decision  making.  realtime  monitoring  and  tracking  of  the  connected  devices  to  analyze  and  study  the  users  behavior.  analyze  the  data  collected  from  devices  and  get  valuable  insights  to  help  take  smarter  actions.  improve  your  offerings  with  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  machine  learning  such  as  vehicle  management,  predictive  maintenance  and  much  more.  our  rfid  radiofrequency  identification  wireless  devices  assist  in  controlling  and  tracking  vehicles.  coupled  with  iot  solutions,  you  can  monitor,  manage,  and  control  the  entire  fleet  as  per  your  discretion.  our  gps  global  positioning  system  vehicle  tracking  devices  help  obtain  realtime  information  on  routes  to  be
__label__logisticstracking operated  by  the  fleet,  the  driving  pattern,  and  much  more.  our  obd  onboard  diagnostics  devices  provide  valuable  information  on  fleet  maintenance  and  driving  conditions.  coupled  with  our  iot  solutions,  you  receive  comprehensive  reports  on  driver  behavior,  breakdown  frequency,  fuel  utilization,  and  much  more.  we  assist  businesses  of  all  sizes  to  track  their  fleet,  remove  paperwork  and  reduce  unforeseen  mishaps  seamlessly.  our  vehicle  telematics  solution  ensures  live  tracking  of  the  fleet  and  provides  pinpoint  location  using  the  integrated  gps  device.  track  and  monitor  the  fuel  usage  of  each  vehicle  via  this  advanced  feature.  save  on  unexpected  fuel  cost  and  reduce  wastage
__label__logisticstracking simultaneously.  iot  devices  help  monitor  the  speed  limit  and  send  notifications  if  the  vehicle  surpasses  its  momentum  limit.  the  advanced  equipment  further  controls  the  speed  to  acceptable  levels  as  per  handlers  discretion.  endtoend  report  on  vehicle  utilization  including  the  number  of  trips,  distance  traveled,  fuel  usage,  and  much  more.  the  reports  can  be  customized  seamlessly.  manage  the  entire  fleet  and  drivers  with  your  customized  vehicle  management  system.  monitor  vehicle  movement,  assign  drivers,  set  routes,  and  much  more  with  ease.  receive  customized  iot  vehicle  tracking  applications  with  topoftheline  coding  for  all  leading  platforms  including  ios,  android  and  web.  this  unique  feature
__label__logisticstracking helps  you  eliminate  the  language  barrier  with  customized  language  selection  options  for  users.  this  smart  feature  lets  vehicles  communicate  with  each  other  and  share  alerts  such  as  oncoming  traffic,  accident  alert,  lousy  weather  alert,  roadside  support  request  and  much  more.  an  inbuilt  voice  recognition  feature  allowing  users  to  unlock  the  vehicle,  call  for  navigation  assist,  request  roadside  assistance,  communicate  valuable  information  and  much  more.  based  on  vehicle  usage,  driving  pattern,  distance  traveled  and  others,  the  platform  predicts  the  health  of  the  vehicle  and  alerts  handlers  with  comprehensive  maintenance  report.  want  to  see  how  our  iot  vehicle  tracking  software  looks  and
__label__logisticstracking functions?  go  ahead,  click  on  the  link  below  and  view  our  exclusive  demos.  no,  the  powerful  iot  based  vehicle  tracking  software  is  designed  and  developed  to  track  and  manage  infinite  vehicles/fleet.  yes,  our  teams  will  be  delighted  to  assist  you  with  adding  new  features  to  match  your  growing  requirements.  yes,  our  platform  can  be  customized  to  add  any  language  of  your  choice.  you  can  discuss  your  requirements  further  with  our  experts.  yes,  we  have  dedicated  teams  to  assist  you  with  roundtheclock  support  after  launch.  as  per  the  agreement,  we  will  offer  you  any  assistance  with  regards  to  your  platforms  functionality.
__label__logisticstracking no,  our  userfriendly  interface  will  guide  you  step  by  step  all  the  way  long.  you  can  get  started  almost  immediately  with  our  stateoftheart  platform.  characters  remaining  start  your  venture  right  away  with  our  on  demand  apps  level  5,  tamarai  tech  park,  thiru  vi  ka  industrial  estate,  inner  ring  road,  chennai,  tamil  nadu  600032,  india.  level  11  prestige  trade  tower,  46,  palace  road,  sampangi  rama  nagar,  bangalore,  karnataka  560001,  india.  usa,  malaysia,  singapore,  india.  at  appdupe,  we  know  that  our  customers  are  entrepreneurs  and  keeping  them  succeeding  is  what  will  make  us  stronger.  so,  we  promise  you,  life  time  updates  free
__label__logisticstracking of  charge.  yes,  we  know  that  apple  and  google  keep  coming  out  with  new  versions  of  their  mobile  oss  and  other  companies  we  clone  from  also  keep  updating  their  features  and  ux  to  stay  uptodate.  we  will  take  care  of  that  for  you,  leaving  you  to  do  what  you  do  best,  win  picmix  and  picyou  are  almost  exact  clones  of  instagram.  mycitydeal  and  wimdu  are  clones  of  groupon  and  airbnb  respectively.  the  only  thing  companies  can  patent  is  methodology  for  achieving  an  action  or  leading  to  an  endpoint.  if  you  can  figure  out  another  way  to  do  that,  without  infringing
__label__logisticstracking on  others  ip,  you  totally  can.  we  could,  so  we  did.  characters  remaining  copyright  2019  disclaimer:  appdupe  neither  represents  nor  have  any  control  over  the  trademarks  of  uber  and  gojek.  we  use  the  terms  uber  and  gojek  for  a  better  understanding  of  our  services.  our  offerings  intend  no  harm  to  any  organization  or  individual.
__label__logisticstracking site  translated  by  contexpert  services.  asset  trackingrefers  to  tracking  the  movement  of  physicalassets,  either  by  scanningbarcodetags  attached  to  the  assets  or  by  using  smart  tags,  like  passive  rfid,  which  broadcast  their  location,  but  which  have  limited  transmission  range  typically  a  few  meters.  longerrange  smart  tags  use  active  rfid  where  a  radio  transmitter  is  powered  by  a  battery  and  can  transmit  up  to  2000  meters  6,600  feet  in  optimum  conditions.  rfidbased  asset  tracking  requires  an  infrastructure  to  be  put  in  place  before  the  whereabouts  of  tags  may  be  ascertained.  an  asset  tracking  system  can  record  the  location  and  usage  of  the
__label__logisticstracking assets  and  generate  various  reports.  assets  may  also  be  tracked  globally  using  devices  which  combine  the  gpsglobal  positioning  systemsystem  and  mobile  phonecellular  networkand/or  satellite  phonesatellite  phonetechnology.  such  devices  are  known  as  gps  asset  trackers  and  are  primarily  differentiated  from  other  gps  trackersgps  tracking  unitby  virtue  of  the  fact  that  they  rely  on  an  internal  battery  for  power  rather  than  being  dependent  on  hardwiring  to  a  vehicles  battery.  the  frequency  with  which  the  position  of  the  device  must  be  known  or  available  dictates  the  quality,  size  or  type  of  gps  asset  tracker  required.  it  is  common  for  asset  tracking  devices  to
__label__logisticstracking fail  due  tofaraday  cageeffects  as  a  huge  proportion  of  the  worlds  assets  are  moved  via  containers.  howevermodern  tracking  technology  has  now  seen  advances  in  signal  transmission  that  allows  enough  signal  strength  to  reach  the  gps  satellite  system  which  can  then  be  reported  via  gprs  to  terrestrial  networks.  avehicle  tracking  systemcombines  the  use  ofautomatic  vehicle  locationin  individual  vehicles  withsoftwarethat  collects  thesefleetdata  for  a  comprehensive  picture  of  vehicle  locations.  fleet  management  software  enables  people  to  accomplish  a  series  of  specific  tasks  in  the  management  of  any  or  all  aspects  relating  to  a  companys  fleet  of  vehicles.  these  specific  tasks  encompass  all  operations
__label__logisticstracking from  vehicle  acquisition  to  disposal.  software,  depending  on  its  capabilities,  allows  functions  such  as  driver  and  vehicle  profiling,  trip  profiling,  dispatch,  vehicle  efficiency,  etc.  it  can  provide  remote  control  features,  such  as  geofencing  and  active  disabling.  current  vehicle  diagnostic  information  can  also  be  related  to  a  management  site,  depending  on  the  type  of  hardware  installed  in  the  vehicles.  new  platform,  based  onfleet  management  software,  isfleet  controllingwith  higher  amount  of  information  available  for  both  drivers  and  dispatchers  of  a  fleet.  today  online  software  platforms  are  very  popular:  users  no  longer  have  to  install  software  and  they  can  access  the  software  through
__label__logisticstracking a  web  browser.  recent  advances  in  fleet  management  allow  for  the  addition  ofovertheairota  security  and  control  of  fleet  vehicles.  fleet  security  and  control  includes  security  of  the  vehicle  while  stopped  or  not  in  operation  and  the  ability  to  safely  disable  a  vehicle  while  in  operation.  this  allows  the  fleet  manager  to  recover  stolen  or  rogue  vehicles  while  reducing  the  chance  of  lost  or  stolen  cargo.the  additional  of  fleet  security  and  control  to  a  fleet  management  system  gives  afleet  cardmanager  preventative  measures  to  address  cargo  damage  and  loss.
__label__logisticstracking prevent  intrusions  and  get  all  your  connected  iot  devices  to  communicate  safely  with  encrypted  protocols.  integrate  devices  from  the  worlds  leading  electronics  companies  and  appliance  manufacturers.  connecting  iot  devices  mywakes  implements  webhooks  and  provides  a  complete  set  of  web  apis:  now  you  can  call  any  custom  action  on  any  platform  and  operate  devices  remotely.  implement  the  mywakes  functions  in  the  application  and  use  the  platforms  data,  in  a  manner  that  is  transparent  to  the  end  user,  in  little  time  and  with  few  lines  of  code.  the  mywakes  developer  platform  project  for  developers  helps  speed  up  software  development  and  testing,  with
__label__logisticstracking sdks  for  more  than  30  programming  languages.  the  mywakes  iot  devices  are  integrated  in  ifttt,  which  means  they  can  all  be  connected  with  whatever  products  and  apps  you  prefer.  therefore,  youll  be  able  to  lower  the  thermostat  setting  when  you  leave  the  house  in  the  morning  and  raise  it  when  you  leave  work,  so  that  youll  find  your  home  at  the  desired  temperature  when  you  arrive.  thanks  to  the  efforts  made  we  are  now  also  connected  to  the  other  wellknown  iot  platforms,  such  as  stringify,  microsoft  flow  and  zapier.  this  means  you  can  connect  mywakes  to  any  type  of  device
__label__logisticstracking by  the  leading  electronics  companies,  such  as  samsung,  lg,  philips  and  whirlpool,  as  well  as  to  your  android  or  apple  smartphones,  and  much  more.  directly  from  the  app:  you  can  create  your  own  custom  applets.  connect  your  mywakes  device  to  hundreds  of  objects,  such  as  gates,  webcams,  light  bulbs  and  more.  weve  prepared  a  few  solutions  that  will  give  you  an  idea  of  the  power  of  this  tool.  you  can  automatically  enable  your  android  smartphones  bluetooth  when  you  start  your  car  so  that  your  phone  is  connected  to  the  handsfree  functions,  and  then  see  it  automatically  disabled  when  the  car
__label__logisticstracking is  turned  off,  in  order  to  save  battery  power.  save  the  summary  data  of  each  of  your  trips  on  a  spreadsheet  in  google  drive  or  as  a  note  on  evernote  or  automatically  send  yourself  an  email  with  the  position  of  where  you  parked  the  car.  simply  sign  up  on  ifttt  to  use  this  powerful  integration  tool  and  start  creating  your  own  applets.  the  logic  is  basically  if  this,  then  that,  where  in  the  place  of  this  you  can  choose  a  specific  event  and  in  the  place  of  that  you  can  choose  one  of  the  actions  available  within  the  various  services.
__label__logisticstracking you  can  continue  to  check  the  status  of  generated  events  and  calls  to  ifttt  on  the  mywakes  website.  mywakes  supports  btraced:  the  mobile  app  that  allows  iphone  and  android  smartphone  gps  tracking.  using  a  smartphone  app  to  track  your  movements  is  now  possible  thanks  to  the  new  interface  developed  by  mywakes  forbtracedtracking  app.  btraced  app  is  available  for  ios...  mywakes  tracking  apis  are  ranked  seventh  in  programmable  webs  sdks  and  sample  code  listings,  the  leading  source  of  news  information  about  apis.  programmable  web,  the  leading  source  of  news  information  about  apis,  chronicling  the  evolution  of  the  global...  mywakes  integrates  avioportolano
__label__logisticstracking flight  chartsand  overlays  the  map  with  the  tracks  of  your  flights.  mywakes  increases  flight  tracking  services  thanks  to  the  new  connection  between  its  gps  flight  tracker  system  and  the  avioportolano  maps  reference  for  aeronautical...  we  have  just  released  our  new  web  api.  its  based  on  industrystandard  rest  principles  and  allows  your  applications  and  devices  to  fully  interact  with  mywakes  platform  through  standard  http  requests.  we  have  just  released  our  new  web  api.  its  based  on...  stay  up  to  date  on:  inserisci  il  tuo  indirizzo  email  per  ricevere  aggiornamenti  damywakes.
__label__logisticstracking fleet  management  is  an  administrative  approach  that  allows  companies  to  organize  and  coordinate  work  vehicles  with  the  aim  to  improve  efficiency,  reduce  costs,  and  provide  compliance  with  government  regulations.  while  most  commonly  used  for  vehicletracking,  fleet  management  includes  following  and  recording  mechanical  diagnostics  and  driver  behavior.  automated  fleet  management  solutions  to  connect  vehicles  and  monitor  driver  activities,  allowing  managers  to  gain  an  unprecedented  level  of  insight  into  fleet  performance  and  driver  behavior.  this  enables  them  to  know  where  vehicles  and  drivers  are  at  all  times,  identify  potential  problems  much  sooner  and  mitigate  risks  before  they  become  larger  issues  that  can
__label__logisticstracking jeopardize  client  satisfaction,  impact  driver  safety  or  increase  costs.  the  fleet  management  market  size  is  expected  to  grow  from  usd  13.78  billion  in  2017  to  usd  28.66  billion  by  2022,  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  15.8.  source:  fleet  management  market  was  valued  at  7,755  million,  and  is  expected  to  reach  34,629  million  by  2022.  source:  the  global  smart  fleet  management  market  size  is  expected  to  reach  usd  565.1  billion  by  2025.  the  market  is  anticipated  to  register  a  cagr  of  7.6  from  2017  to  2025.  source:  1.  monitoring  and  reacting  to  road  conditions  for  fleet  managers  that
__label__logisticstracking rely  on  accurate  weather  forecasting  to  allocate  and  deploy  vehicles,  having  uptodate  weather  information  is  critical  to  ongoing  operations.  for  impacts  on  road  conditions,  iot  data  can  be  used  in  a  variety  of  ways.  iot  sensors  cancollect  a  myriad  ofroad  weather  data.all  this  data  is  transmitted  in  realtime,  cloudbased  software,  and  then  filtered  down  and  pushed  to  a  data  dashboard.  2.  monitor  and  optimize  vehicle  health  although  a  primary  use  of  iot  data  in  afleet  management  systemis  generating  hyperlocal  realtime  data  for  road  conditions,  an  important  secondary  use  of  afleet  solutionis  to  assist  in  proper  vehicle  maintenance.  3.  provide  management
__label__logisticstracking with  actionable  insights  an  iotfleet  solutioncollects  the  data  that  fleet  managers  need  to  properly  allocate  and  deploy  resources.  the  data  generated  by  an  iotfleet  monitoring  systemalso  keeps  your  fleet  operators  safe.  utilizing  a  properly  configuredfleet  management  system  they  can  see  the  health  and  deployment  of  their  operations  in  realtime,  and  more  efficiently  allocate  assets  where  they  need  them  and  when  they  need  them.  you  may  need  to  link  with  many  different  types  of  stakeholders.  stakeholders  at  the  corporate  level:  finance,  hr,  other  project  teams  stakeholders  at  country  level:  fleet  managers,  procurement,  hr,  and  directly  or  indirectly:  your  drivers,bus  operators,  technicians,
__label__logisticstracking and  taxpayers,  among  others.  department  of  transport  hod  accounting  officer  head  of  supply  chain  cfo  transport  officer  drivers  suppliers  society  government  creditors  shareholders  customers  vehicles  usetelematicslikegpsfor  reliable  global  automatic  vehicle  location  avl  detection,  though  some  useglonassor  less  expensivecellulartriangulationin  remote  andlesstraveledareas.although  commonly  associated  with  delivery  cars  and  trucks,  the  boating  industry  uses  fleet  management  technology  as  well.  1.  connectivity:rightconnection  todrivers  and  workers,  companiescan  leverage  their  fleet  as  efficiently  as  possible.  2.  screenthe  most  important  information:  fleet  operators  must  strive  to  achieve  the  lowest  possible  total  cost  of  ownership  tco  for  their  fleets  while  complying  with  increasingly  stringent  environmental  and  safety  regulations.
__label__logisticstracking fuel  consumption,  route  management,  driver  performance,  and  vehicle  maintenance  all  play  a  part  in  this  goal.  3.  monitoring  systems:  gather  valuable  data  regarding  the  realtime  location  and  management  of  thefleet  and  the  complete  history  of  activities  of  thevehicles.  doing  so,  it  enablesto  control  the  activities  of  the  company  in  order  to  promote  efficiency,  encourage  customersatisfaction  and  increase  profitability.  4.  cloudbased  software  softwareasaservice:  these  software  solutions  can  assist  with  common  tasks  such  as  scheduling,  fleet  maintenance,  ifta  compliance,  route  planning,and  load  optimization.  5.  weather  forecasting  technologyis  great  for  providing  a  rough  idea  of  what  the  weather  will  be  like  over  a
__label__logisticstracking period  of  time.  1.  driver  behavior:  by  combining  received  data  from  the  vehicle  tracking  system  and  the  onboard  computer,  it  is  possible  to  form  a  profile  for  any  givendriveraverage  speed,  the  frequency  of  detours,  breaks,  the  severity  of  maneuvers,  etc..  2.mechanical  diagnostics:  an  advanced  fleet  management  systems  fms  can  connect  to  the  vehiclesonboard  computer,  and  gather  data  for  the  user.  data  such  as  mileage  andfuel  consumptionare  gathered  into  a  global  statistics  scheme.  3.fleet  management  software:it  allows  functions  such  as  recording  driver  and  vehicle  details,  the  tracking  of  procurement  costs,  scheduling  of  maintenance  and  servicing  tasks,  import  of  fuel  transactions,  and
__label__logisticstracking measuring  of  fleet  performance  via  reports  and  charts.  4.fleet  security  and  control:  itincludes  security  of  the  vehicle  while  stopped  or  not  in  operation  and  the  ability  to  safely  disable  a  vehicle  while  in  operation.  1.  avoiding  information  overload:  fleet  management  software  provides  tools  to  cope  by  filtering  all  the  information.this  helps  fleet  managersstay  in  control  at  all  times  without  the  need  to  spend  all  day  going  crosseyed  over  detailed  reports.  2.  integrating  fleet  data  into  existing  software  systems:  integration  with  other  software  systems  is  handled  through  apis.  this  allows  a  developer  to  quickly  and  easily  let  existing  systems  communicate  with
__label__logisticstracking fleet  management  software.  3.  making  sure  all  assets  are  fully  utilized:  gps  tracking  makes  sure  that  all  vehicles  are  accounted  for  and  being  utilized  efficiently.  fleets  often  find  gps  fleet  tracking  provides  them  with  accurate  information  they  need  to  make  profitable  decisions.  4.  finding  specific  fleet  information  quickly:  vehicles,  drivers,  and  teams  can  all  be  tagged  with  meaningful  labels  for  rapid  reporting.  5.  use  software  systems  that  are  scalable  and  able  to  handle  rapid  growth.  6.  fuel  price  volatility  is  a  major  factor  impacting  planned  fleet  budgets.  being  able  to  prove  compliance  with  all  applicable  regulations  that  cover  fleet  activities
__label__logisticstracking according  to  a  recent  report  from  swedish  research  firm  berg  insight,  fleet  management  and  mobile  resource  management  is  the  most  popular  use  case  for  major  cellular  iot  deployments  globally  in  terms  of  the  number  of  projects,  followed  by  retail  applications,  aftermarket  automotive  and  oem  automotive  as  well  as  smart  homes  and  buildings.  fleet  management  solutions  are  telematicsbased  services  that  allow  companies  in  the  transport  vertical  to  track  their  vehicles  in  real  time,  reduce  operative  fleet  costs,  protect  personnel  and  assets  and  increase  productivity.  these  solutions  allow  companies  to  monitor  the  geographical  position  of  the  vehicles,  ensuring  compliance  with  established  routes
__label__logisticstracking and  schedules.  fleet  management  solutions  also  optimize  working  times  and  reduce  fuel  costs  by  controlling  routes  and  work  processes.  data  and  diesel  move  the  supply  chain,  omitracs  vp  of  data  and  iot  solutions,  brad  taylor  said  during  a  presentation  at  the  enterprise  iot  summit,  which  took  place  in  austin,  texas,  earlier  this  year.  the  executive  said  that  the  firms  solutions  use  routing  algorithms  to  guide  planning  and  timely  deliveries  as  well  as  predictive  analytics,  which  allows  companies  to  avoid  potential  risks.  omnitracs  is  a  provider  of  fleet  management,  routing  and  predictive  analytics  solutions  for  private  and  forhire  fleets.  omnitracs  deliver
__label__logisticstracking softwareasaservicebased  solutions  to  help  more  than  50,000  private  and  forhire  fleet  customers  manage  nearly  1,500,000  mobile  assets  in  more  than  70  countries.  omnitracs  portfolio  includes  solutions  for  compliance,  safety  and  security,  productivity,  telematics  and  tracking,  transportation  management  tms,  planning  and  delivery,  data  and  analytics,  and  professional  services.  taylor  also  said  that  fleet  iot  data  is  evolving  and  also  highlighted  that  data  transmission  per  vehicle  will  continue  to  grow.  during  his  presentation,  the  executive  also  said  that  advanced  driverassistance  systems  adas  will  cause  exponential  growth  in  safety  events  and  that  regulatory  standards  for  fleets  are  getting  smarter.  related  related  contributing  writer,
__label__logisticstracking emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__logisticstracking indeed,  the  future  is  bright  for  automotive  industry  after  leveraging  internet  of  thingsiot.  according  to  business  insider  prediction,  over  the  next  5  years,  267  billion  will  be  spent  on  automotive  iot  solutions.  automotive  iot  adds  new  layers  to  the  traditional  car  concept,  causing  a  paradigm  shift  from  traditional  to  smart  connected  cars  by  making  use  of  industrial  .  rider  safety  is  the  first  and  foremost  concern  for  enabled  smart  vehicles.  safety  can  be  ensured  by  implementing  software  development  kitssdks  into  hardware  like  data  transmitters,  sensors  or  vehicle  control  units.  moving  on  to  predictive  maintenance,  user  needs  to  know  how  healthy
__label__logisticstracking his  vehicle  is.  smart  vehicles  make  use  of  data  collected  from  vehicle  sensors,  health  monitoring  on  realtime  basis,  scheduling  automated  maintenance,  usage  of  seatbelts,  antidrowsiness  solutions,  inlane  position  control  mechanisms  etc.  connected  car  owners  can  now  leverage  cloud  enable  a  platform  for  value  added  user  services  and  apps.  lets  see  what  all  comes  your  way  along  with  super  experience  of  connected  cars.  automotive  iot  comes  with  remote  autocompanion  apps,  incar  infotainment  apps,  city  navigation,  locationbased  services,  drive  assist  apps,  carondemand  services,  usagebased  insurance,  remote  diagnostics,  car  security  services  to  name  a  few.  on  top  of  these,  you  get  the  best
__label__logisticstracking database  integration.  automotive  iot  encourages  implementation  of  endtoend  fleet  management  by  leveraging  invehicle  data  collection,  incloud  data  management  and  user  analytics,  and  many  more.  fleet  management  solutions  target  at  connected  sensors,  location  tracking  and  scheduling,  speed  control,  fuel  tracking,  usage  analytics,  driver  and  fleet  management,  traffic  management  and  sometimes  even  workload  management.  a  duplex  blackbox  ensures  car  safety  and  guides  you  in  going  on  the  correct  track  for  crash  resistance.  it  also  supports  easy  roadside  assistance  and  informing  a  certain  set  of  contacts  during  accidents  emergencies  and  increasing  infotainment.  telematics  is  one  of  the  major  automotive  iot  use  case  because
__label__logisticstracking it  itself  controls  navigation,  security,  safety,  communications  etc.  driver  assistance  focusses  on  partial  or  full  automatic  driving  including  the  scenarios  of  operational  assistance  in  heavy  traffic  on  lanes  or  parking  areas,  inlane  or  in  highways.  the  technology  today  promises  to  streamline  the  automotive  industry  and  improve  on  productivity.benefits  are  not  only  for  the  companies  alone  but  also  to  the  customers.  stay  tuned  to  know  more  use  cases  in  other  industries  like  logistics,  healthcare,  food  processing,  manufacturing  etc.  certain  products  need  to  be  transported  in  certain  temperature  conditions.  some  special  material,  like  food,  blood  or  vaccination,  must  be  kept  refrigerated.  industries
__label__logisticstracking that  specially  deal  with  perishable  products  are  deploying  iot  enabled  cold  chain  before  implementing  iot  in  any  business  process,  its  important  to  know  how  we  are  going  to  design  the  layout.  let  us  first  understand  what  iot  architecture  really  is.  we  know  what  value  iot  brings  to  the  future  is  coming  faster  than  you  think  it  is  it  is  forecasted  by  statistica  by  2020,30  billioniot  devices  will  be  deployed  globally.  which  eventually  accounts  for  tons  of  data  on  the  cloud.  you  we  hear  new  tech  buzzwords  everyday  iot  is  one  of  them.  do  we  really  understand  what  is  the  context
__label__logisticstracking of  this  concept?  before  getting  on  the  details  of  iot  edge,  let  us  first  understand  enterprise  integration  with  the  new  iot  ecosystem  is  key  in  driving  overall  enterprise  efficiency.  when  all  the  business  systems  are  connected  to  the  iot  ecosystem,  it  brings  up  the  fully  automated  and  connected  enterprise  where  i  like  viewing  web  sites  which  comprehend  the  price  of  delivering  the  excellent  useful  resource  free  of  charge.  i  truly  adored  reading  your  posting.  thank  you  required  fields  are  marked  click  to  read  our  privacy  policy.  keyboardarrowleft  keyboardarrowright
__label__logisticstracking smarter  the  assembled  a  panel  of  fleet  management  technology  experts  from  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  on  march  16,  2017  to  provide  insights  into  improving  fleet  management  with  ultraconnected  logistics.  ,  global  telecom  and  future  of  mobility,  deloitte,  setup  the  topic  by  providing  a  peek  into  the  future  state  of  iot  fleet  management.  iot  will  be  an  ecosystem  of  providers  including  vehicles  and  sensors,  sending  information  via  a  wireless  and/or  mobile  networks,  creating  vast  amounts  of  data  and  driving  efficiencies  back  to  the  business.  fleet  management  market  to  be  worth  28b  by  2021.  need  to  repair  soon  ,  att,
__label__logisticstracking and  ,  totaltrax,  discussed  their  work  in  microtracking  of  food  products.  i  think  we  can  all  agree  that  want  to  consume  food  that  has  been  maintained  at  the  correct  temperature,  humidity,  light  exposure  from  production  to  table.  imagine  the  scenario  where  a  customer  consumes  spoiled  food.  this  customer  goes  back  to  the  grocery  store  and  confronts  the  manager.  worst  case  scenario,  this  customer  retains  legal  counsel  sues  the  grocery  store.  now  the  grocery  store  needs  food  tracking  data  from  creation  to  delivery.  in  the  case  of  cabbage,  they  need  to  start  with  which  field  the  cabbage  came  from  and  the
__label__logisticstracking field  temperature  when  the  cabbage  was  picked.  next,  they  need  to  know  at  the  pallet  or  shelf  level  the  temperature  and  humidity  the  cabbage  was  stored  and  transported  at.  as  a  conscientious  grocer,  when  the  problem  is  found,  they  need  to  find  the  other  spoiled  cabbage  and  pull  those  items  to  prevent  another  sick  customer.  instead  of  disposing  of  an  entire  field  or  truck  full  of  cabbage,  with  iot  data,  the  grocer  can  pinpoint  the  issue  before  it  happens  and  hopefully  prevent  anyone  from  getting  sick.  ,  city  of  atlanta,  mayors  office  of  innovation,  alluded  to  future  uses  of  autonomous
__label__logisticstracking vehicles  including  mapping  potholes  and  road  striping.  he  didnt  want  to  let  the  cat  out  of  the  bag  but  he  let  the  audience  know  that  city  of  atlanta  would  be  making  a  formal  announcement  on  autonomous  vehicles  later  this  year.  potholes  are  always  an  ongoing  problem  in  all  large  cities;  i  would  love  driving  over  fewer  potholes  strategy,  big  data  business  development  leader,  verizon  telematics,  cited  that  labor  costs  are  still  the  highest  cost  center  of  any  company.  his  customers  are  finding  value  in  analyzing  data  from  iot  sensors.  by  collecting  and  analyzing  iot  sensor  data,  his  customers  are  able
__label__logisticstracking to  increase  worker  efficiency  by  1  work  order,  or  3  to  5  deliveries  per  day.  this  productivity  increase  creates  cost  savings  that  directly  affect  the  bottom  line.  ,  senior  product  manager  automotive  engineering,  ups,  shared  how  they  are  harnessing  the  power  of  iot  sensors  in  their  delivery  trucks.  phillip  made  the  analogy  that  ups  is  monitoring  their  vehicles  like  a  doctor  is  monitoring  your  heart  with  an  ekg.  correlating  this  iot  sensor  data  with  gps  coordinates,  ups  is  now  in  the  mode  of  predictive  maintenance  instead  of  reactive  maintenance.  this  means  that  ups  maintenance  is  notified  of  a  repair  with
__label__logisticstracking a  part  is  in  yellow  status,  indicating  that  the  part  needs  to  be  replaced  soon,  minimizing  reactive  fixes  after  the  part  becomes  inoperable.  ups  is  taking  this  one  iot  sensor  data  one  step  further  by  sharing  the  data  with  their  vehicle  manufacturers,  and  recommending  engineering  design  changes.  since  ups  buying  thousands  of  vehicles,  and  they  have  the  data  to  back  up  their  recommendations,  manufacturers  are  listening.  with  large  and  small  companies  creating  ultraconnected  logistics  with  iot  innovation,  roi  value  is  now  a  reality  in  2017.  the  team  from  was  onhand  to  demo  their  innovative  technology  in  the  automotive  market.  ,
__label__logisticstracking ceo,  ,  is  working  with  major  automakers  to  prevent  hackers  from  unauthorized  control  of  vehicles  and  accessing  private  vehicle  data.  raceiq  was  named  s  march  2017  top  innovator.  thank  you  to  our  speakers  for  sharing  your  insights  into  todays  fleet  management  opportunities.
__label__logisticstracking 1914  292  0220  the  client  is  a  logistics  service  provider  based  out  of  middle  east.  they  are  the  trusted  advisors  for  logistics  customers  who  have  a  complex  fleet  of  vehicles  and  large  mobile  workforce.  the  company  offers  top  notch  fleet  solutions  services  worldwide.  with  over  20  years  of  experience  in  the  logistics  space,  the  clients  leadership  team  was  on  a  constant  hunt  to  leverage  digital  technologies;  in  order  to  offer  iot  logistics  solutions  and  expands  its  customer  base.  most  logistics  customers  have  four  main  business  concerns;  realtime  tracking  monitoring  of  vehicles,  understanding  driving  habits  of  workforce,  tracking  vehicle  idling  fuel
__label__logisticstracking usage  trends,  and  predicting  vehicle  failures  .  with  the  existing  fleet  tracking  systems,  they  had  no  means  to  track  their  fleet  of  vehicles  in  realtime;  to  avoid  any  breakdown,  failure,  or  delay  in  their  supply  chain  operations.  there  were  no  insights  for  the  companies  to  understand  the  driving  habits  of  workforce  like  harsh  braking,  cornering,  etc.,  due  to  which  they  were  unable  to  put  focus  on  improving  the  performance  of  inefficient  discourteous  drivers  through  trainings.  in  addition,  they  had  no  means  to  identify  unplanned  stops  of  each  vehicle,  drive  time  versus  customer  service  time  and  vehicle  idle  time.  in  addition,
__label__logisticstracking their  existing  system  lacked  capabilities  to  track  vehicle  idling  fuel  usage  trends  to  optimize  fuel  consumption,  making  it  impossible  to  set  up  a  costeffective  fleet  optimization  engine.  unexpected  failure/breakdown  of  vehicles  resulted  in  a  huge  loss  in  vehicle  productivity  and  maintenance  costs.  also,  their  existing  manual  process  for  vehicle  repairs  and  maintenance  was  timeconsuming.  our  client  wanted  to  address  all  these  impediments  smartly  with  an  efficient  iot  fleet  management  solution  that  utilizes  diagnostic  data  of  the  vehicles,  drivers  and  history  of  unplanned  events.  and,  such  data  needs  to  be  obtained  from  installed  gps  enabled  devices  iot  assets  in  the  vehicles.
__label__logisticstracking these  devices  provide  information  such  as  vehicle  speed,  engine  coolant  temperature  rpm,  trip  mileage/fuel  consumption,  hard  acceleration/brake,  engine  idle  time  etc.  by  analyzing  the  collected  data,  a  complete  picture  of  realtime  operations  can  be  made  available.  these  insights  would  help  them  select  the  most  appropriate  route,  maximize  uptime,  control  costs,  and  reduce  fuel;  thereby  boosting  productivity,  increasing  operational  efficiency,  and  optimizing  fleet.  however,  to  architect  such  a  solution  they  required  an  integrated  iot  data  analytics  platform;  which  supports  any  kind  of  device  and  possesses  an  ability  to  perform  analytics  for  critical  insights.  to  create  such  a  robust  predictive  analytics  fleet
__label__logisticstracking management  solution,  they  engaged  saviant  as  their  azure  iot  hub,  azure  table  storage,  stream  analytics,  event  hub,  azure  ml,  app  service  power  bi  saviants  coldchain  monitoring  logistics  expertise  helped  create  an  iot  fleet  management  solution,  using  azure  platform,  that  provides  intelligent  business  insights  to  improve  fleet  operational  efficiency.  the  solution  creates  a  positive  impact  on  iot  vehicle  tracking,  preventive  vehicle  maintenance,  driver  performance  and  overall  fleet  operations.  the  clients  logistics  customers  can  login  to  a  web  portal  to  track  monitor  their  vehicles,  schedule  maintenance  activities,  supervise  driver  behavior  and  predict  asset  failure  for  improved  operational  efficiency  and  faster  operational  support.
__label__logisticstracking however,  three  major  challenges  were  faced  while  devising  the  smart  fleet  management  iot  solution;  how  to  provide  support  to  any  iot  device  installed  in  the  vehicle,  how  to  receive  data  from  the  respective  iot  devices  and  how  to  analyze  the  collected  iot  data.  saviants  team  of  iot  data  analytics  consultants  overcame  these  obstacles  by  developing  the  solution  architecture  leveraging  microsoft  azure  iot  suite.  the  iot  gateway  supports  any  kind  of  iot  devices  such  as  gl213  and  618;  which  are  gps  vehicle  tracking  devices  that  collect  data  related  to  vehicle  speed,  engine  coolant  temperature  rpm,  trip  mileage/fuel  consumption,  hard  acceleration/brake,  engine
__label__logisticstracking idle  time  etc.  the  analytics  engine  leverages  this  collected  iot  vehicle  tracking  data  to  derive  realtime  predictive  insights  and  power  bi  tool  helped  to  generate  various  analytics  reports  for  intelligent  decisionmaking.  although  this  smart  fleet  management  iot  solution  was  delivered  as  a  proofofconcept,  our  middle  east  client  was  impressed  on  gaining  visible  potential  benefits,  one  of  which  includes  the  solutions  scalability  to  handle  up  to  5000  vehicles.  the  iot  fleet  management  solution  helps  in  taking  intelligent  actions  quickly,  to  manage  their  fleet  of  vehicles  effectively.  this  iot  solution  is  backed  by  azure  based  fleet  analytics  engine  that  provides  deep  insights
__label__logisticstracking into  driver  performance,  fuel  usage  trends,  realtime  vehicle  tracking  and  predictive  maintenance  of  vehicles.  these  insights  help  in  overall  improvement  of  operational  efficiency,  thereby  maximizing  business  outcomes.  solution  enabled  connect  500,000  smart  meters  with  increased  battery  life  of  meter  by  50  and  reduced  communication  time  to  200300  ms.  iiot  solution  connects  3000  enddevices  and  supports  robust  data  management  system  to  house  upto  150  gb  of  data  records  per  day.  food  service  specialist  unlocks  actionable  insights  on  food  temperature  delivery  driver  performance  for  intelligent  decisionmaking.  saviant  is  the  preferred  data  analytics  intelligent  solutions  partner  for  leading  assetintensive  and  fieldforce  driven  enterprises
__label__logisticstracking across  industries  like  energy,  utilities,  logistics  construction.  we  are  the  trusted  technology  advisors  and  implementation  partners  for  their  strategic  initiatives  around  data  analytics,  iot,  cloud  mobility.  i  can  trust  them  to  do  their  best  and  get  a  successful  outcome.  they  have  a  very  handson  approach  towards  problemsolving.
__label__logisticstracking based  on  your  location,  we  recommend  switching  to  the  aeris  europe  website.  there  you  will  find  information  about  aeris  iot  connectivity  services  unique  to  your  region.  based  on  your  location,  we  recommend  switching  to  the  aeris  europe  website.  there  you  will  find  information  about  aeris  iot  connectivity  services  unique  to  your  region.  you  can  always  switch  back  by  using  the  menu  at  the  top  of  the  website.  aeris  offers  future  proven  iot  connectivity  for  fleet  management,  globally  tested  at  scale  for  cost,  compliance,  and  safety.  the  market  for  iot  fleet  management  is  in  a  growth  period  that  will  continue  in
__label__logisticstracking the  years  to  come,  with  the  number  of  systems  in  active  use  forecast  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  15.5.  this  growth  is  a  direct  result  of  iot  enhancements.  for  instance,  older  vehicles  are  being  replaced  with  smart  trucks  using  internet  of  things  iot  and  machinetomachine  m2m  systems  and  cellular  communications  technologies  to  transmit  essential  information  for  fleet  management  operations.  in  the  coming  years,  these  trends  will  intensify  as  iot  telematics  enable  ever  more  advanced  business  practices  that  will  change  the  nature  of  fleet  management  as  we  know  it.  iot  telematics  enable  the  development  of  applications
__label__logisticstracking that  can  identify  vehicle  issues  and  immediately  notify  drivers  about  maintenance  requirements  in  order  to  avoid  costly  downtimes.  fleet  telematics  also  allow  managers  to  improve  fleet  efficiency  and  productivity.  getting  the  most  value  out  of  a  telematics  system  depends  on  reliable  connectivity.  here  are  just  some  of  the  benefits  of  aeris  connectivity  for  a  comprehensive  fleet  telematics  ecosystem.  seamless  coverage  across  wide  geographic  areas  with  reliable  connections  anywhere  in  the  world.  with  aeris,  you  get  the  benefits  of  multiple  carriers  on  a  single  platform,  as  well  as  a  synchronized  overview  of  your  entire  deployment.  with  aeris,  youll  have  a  secure,
__label__logisticstracking global  iot  connectivity  network  available  24/7.  lower  iot  costs  now  and  for  the  foreseeable  future.  understand  your  business  needs  and  iot  device  usage  before  signing  any  contracts.  time  is  of  the  essence  in  fleet  management.  with  low  latency,  you  can  process  a  high  volume  of  data  in  real  time.  aeris  is  both  carrier  and  technology  agnostic.  new  connectivity  protocols  can  help  lower  cost  over  the  long  run.  ask  us  how.  the  need  for  realtime  data  to  solve  transportation  issues  before  they  become  costly  problems  is  business  critical.  it  is  only  with  realtime  business  intelligence  that  retailers  and  manufacturers  can  acquire
__label__logisticstracking a  total  vision  of  their  transportation  ecosystem.  in  addition,  new  rules  of  compliance  for  electronic  logging  devices  require  reliable  connectivity  in  order  to  meet  the  data  collection  requirement  mandate.  with  aeris  connectivity  and  iot  fleet  management,  you  can  achieve  realtime  intelligence  and  meet  all  compliance  rules  and  requirements.  aeris  endtoend  platform  provides  device  selection,  device  management,  cloud  storage,  and  sim  management.  aeris  enables  comprehensive  asset  management  regardless  of  device,  location,  amount  of  data  generated,  or  billing  requirements.  fraud  and  claims  cost  reductions  are  achieved  via  indepth  knowledge  of  accident  particulars.  combining  machine  data  with  additional  cloudbased  public  data  sources  produces
__label__logisticstracking analyticsbased  enhanced  scoring  algorithms.  that  makes  business  better.  with  aeris  connectivity,  you  have  complete  control  over  your  devices.  choose  when  and  how  to  activate,  deactivate,  or  suspend  sims.  the  aeris  global  connectivity  network  is  built  exclusively  for  iot  and  m2m  functionality,  enabling  superior,  reliable  connections  that  can  handle  large  volumes  of  data.  aeris  provides  excellent  customer  support  and  account  management  in  addition  to  its  reliable  global  iot  network.  by  utilizing  aeris  single  global  access  point  name  apn,  an  eld  system  can  be  deployed  anywhere  in  the  world,  even  in  the  most  remote  locations  on  a  simple  plugandplay  basis,  removing  the
__label__logisticstracking necessity  to  configure  local  network  settings.  gain  total  control  over  when  and  how  to  activate,  suspend,  or  deactivate  sims,  saving  enormous  amounts  of  time,  controlling  costs,  and  improving  overall  productivity.  instead  of  a  onesizefitsall  solution,  aeris  lets  you  finetune  your  iot  deployment  to  best  fit  your  companys  specific  needs.  test  and  validate  sim  card  functionality  before  incurring  costs.  get  support  throughout  the  transition  process.  lower  your  timetomarket,  reduce  costs,  improve  business  models,  and  enable  your  company  to  grow  and  thrive  with  aeris  fleet  management  telematics.  when  we  talk  about  fleets,  cars  come  to  mind.  but  there  are  fleets  in  need
__label__logisticstracking of  a  reliable  iot  solution  that  involve  planes,  or  motorbikes,  or  tractors,  or  boats  ok,  thats  an  armada,  but  you  get  the  picture.  in  addition  to  helping  fleet  managers,  aeris  telematics  can  help  insurance  companies  optimize  services  and  process  claims  better.  fleet  telematics  is  ideal  for  usagebased  insurance  ubi  purposes,  as  accident  rates  and  miles  traveled  no  longer  need  to  define  your  insurance.  instead,  insurers  can  implement  a  platformbased,  highlyscalable  deployment  to  offer  valueadded  services.  this  simplifies  the  insurance  process  using  a  multitude  of  views  into  driver  and  driver  characteristics  to  offer  a  better  insurance  outcome.  aeris  offers  2g,  3g,
__label__logisticstracking 4g,  and  soontobe  5g  cellular  connectivity  in  more  than  190  countries  across  more  than  550  carriers.  our  networks  are  built  specifically  for  iot,  which  gives  you  better  reliability,  performance,  visibility,  and  control.  choose  the  option  that  works  best  for  your  companys  specific  business  needs.  aeris  provides  your  company  with  access  to  leading  nationwide  4g  lte  connectivity,  optimized  with  3g  fallback  capabilities.  with  access  to  more  than  50  north  american  cdma  carriers,  aeris  provides  ubiquitous  coverage  to  your  devices,  ensuring  you  can  send  and  receive  data  as  needed.  with  more  than  400  partners  across  190  countries,  aeris  provides  worldwide  connectivity  with
__label__logisticstracking getty  images  increased  fuel  efficiency  optimize  maintenance  costs  streamline  delivery  management  improved  safety  on  the  road  related  content:  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,
__label__logisticstracking at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within
__label__logisticstracking we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__logisticstracking start  a  free  7  day  trial  on  our  business  plus  plan.  increase  uptime  for  fleets,  machinery,  and  other  assets.  improve  utility  of  hospitals,  schools,  gyms,  and  other  buildings.  improve  satisfaction  of  guests,  tenants,  and  residents.  keep  track  of  inventory,  spare  parts,  purchase  orders,  and  stock  levels.  for  enterprise  businesses  looking  to  streamline  their  global  maintenance.  harness  the  power  of  iot  to  monitor  asset  health,  track  downtime,  and  measure  oee  in  real  time.  view  all  features  work  orders  work  requests  preventive  maintenance  maintenance  checklists  parts  inventory  management  downtime  tracking  mobile  cmms  workflow  automation  meter  based  maintenance  purchase  orders  warranty  tracking  floor
__label__logisticstracking plans  kpi  dashboard  support  maintenance  qas  blog  learning  center  heroes  in  maintenance  industries  customer  stories  maintenance  tools  qr  code  generator  maintenance  calculators  roi  calculator  integrations  answered  reading  time:  min  companies  with  large  fleets  of  vehicles  have  found  several  uses  for  iot  and  sensors,  including:  each  of  these  helps  companies  operate  their  fleets  more  efficiently.  sensors  used  to  monitor  driver  behavior  give  businesses  a  great  deal  of  insight  into  how  their  drivers  fare  on  the  roads.  this  goes  beyond  simple  accountability.  companies  can  now  monitor  items  such  as  how  often  a  driver  idles,  brakes,  drifts  out  of  lanes,  etc.,  allowing  them
__label__logisticstracking to  plan  measures  to  help  their  drivers  be  both  more  efficient  and  also  safer  on  the  road.  in  addition  to  driver  monitoring,  companies  can  also  use  iot  sensors  to  monitor  fuel  levels  in  each  vehicle.  abnormal  fuel  usage  rates  may  indicate  leaks  or  efficiency  issues  in  the  vehicle,  alerting  managers  to  potential  maintenance  needs.  thus,  fuel  monitoring  is  a  powerful  tool.  in  addition,  a  sudden  drop  in  fuel  could  indicate  fuel  theft,  enabling  companies  to  better  protect  their  mobile  assets  and  recover  from  losses.  monitoring  systems  allow  fleet  managers  to  keep  a  close  eye  on  conditions  within  the  vehicle.  for
__label__logisticstracking instance,  sensors  can  detect  when  doors  open  or  when  temperatures  change  in  climatecontrolled  vehicles.  this  alerts  fleet  managers  to  potential  product  loss  or  theft.  these  sensors  can  also  help  alert  fleet  managers  to  maintenance  needs.  for  example,  if  the  temperature  tends  to  rise  too  much  in  a  refrigerated  truck,  there  could  be  an  issue  with  the  refrigeration  system  that  needs  to  be  taken  care  of.  most  of  the  monitoring  systems  used  in  fleet  vehiclesincluding  the  aforementioned  fuel  monitoring,  driver  monitoring,  and  loss  prevention  systemscan  be  used  in  predictive  maintenance.  additional  sensors  used  to  monitor  the  engine,  tire  pressure,  and  other
__label__logisticstracking components  of  the  vehicle  add  to  the  data  used  in  anticipating  upcoming  maintenance  needs.  for  example,  gps  data  indicating  slow  braking  by  the  driver  combined  with  other  sensor  readings  could  indicate  that  theres  an  issue  with  the  brake  system.  excessive  fuel  usage  combined  with  engine  readings  might  indicate  a  developing  problem  thats  impacting  fuel  efficiency.  by  analyzing  the  data,  its  possible  to  predict  when  is  needed  on  fleet  vehicles,  allowing  fleet  managers  to  cut  down  on  maintenance  costs.  ryan  chan  is  ceo  and  founder  at  upkeep  maintenance  management.  he  is  a  chemical  engineer  from  uc  berkeley  and  was  named  one
__label__logisticstracking of  forbes  30  under  30  for  manufacturing  in  2018.  ryan  started  upkeep  out  of  passion  and  frustration  by  the  lack  of  mobility  in  todays  maintenance  management  software.  upkeep  has  now  been  deployed  to  over  1,000  businesses  and  is  a  leader  in  mobilefirst  maintenance  management  software.  contents  start  for  free.  upgrade  any  time.  crafted  with  in  los  angeles,  united  kingdom,  and  canada.
__label__logisticstracking the  greater  the  speed,  scale  and  accuracy  of  data  collaboratively  shared  across  supply  chains,  the  stronger  supplier  networks  become.  the  worlds  bestperforming  supply  chains,  as  defined  by  ,  are  all  using  digital  transformation  technologies  including  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  predictive  analytics  in  full  production  environments.  iot  is  revolutionizing  every  aspect  of  these  worldclass  supply  chains.  the  internet  of  things  refers  to  the  interconnectivity  of  all  types  of  devices  around  the  world  as  well  as  to  the  people  that  use  them.  at  forbes  describes  it  as  the  concept  of  basically  connecting  any  device  with  an  on  and  off  switch
__label__logisticstracking to  the  internet  and/or  to  each  other,  and  involves  every  device  you  can  think  of,  including  consumer  electronics  such  as  cellphones,  coffee  makers,  washing  machines,  headphones  and  wearable  devices,  as  well  as  bigger  machines  such  as  manufacturing  equipment.  in  the  very  near  future,  almost  all  if  not  all  devices  on  the  technology  market  will  be  equipped  with  internet  connectivity,  contributing  to  the  growing  iot.  a  predicted  that  by  2020  there  will  be  26  billion  connected  devices  worldwide,  allowing  those  devices  and  the  people  using  them  to  connect  more  than  we  ever  thought  possible.  now  you  may  be  wondering  what  the
__label__logisticstracking big  deal  is  about  a  bunch  of  interconnected  consumer  electronics  and  manufacturing  machines.  it  just  means  that  more  people  in  more  places  will  be  able  to  share  and  watch  cat  videos,  right?  although  thats  probably  true,  the  full  potential  of  iot  technology  lies  in  the  automation  and  increased  efficiency  of  our  daily  lives  and,  indeed,  of  our  businesses.  morgan  provides  two  enticing  examples  of  the  possibilities  of  iot  technology:  what  if  your  alarm  clock  wakes  you  up  at  6  a.m.  and  then  notifies  your  coffee  maker  to  start  brewing  coffee  for  you?  what  if  your  office  equipment  knew  when  it
__label__logisticstracking was  running  low  on  supplies  and  automatically  reordered  more?  iot  technology  is  datadriven,  using  the  internet  connectivity  of  potentially  thousands  or  millions  of  devices  to  share  information  that  simplifies  and  improves  all  kinds  of  tasks.  at  this  point,  we  hope  that  the  possibilities  of  the  internet  of  things  excites  you,  if  only  because  of  coffee  that  can  make  itself.  as  a  company  involved  in  the  business  software  landscape,  were  particularly  excited  about  what  iot  can  do  outside  of  the  consumer  technology  market.  specifically,  were  excited  about  what  it  can  do  for  maintenance  management  software.  one  of  the  most  innovative  categories
__label__logisticstracking of  business  software  is  eam,  a  type  of  cmms.  notes  that  eam  software  solutions  help  businesses  with  the  management  of  the  assets  of  an  enterprise  across  departments,  facilities,  business  units  and  geographical  locations,  integrating  techniques  for  holistic  control  and  optimization.  generally  used  by  large  corporations,  an  eam  software  solution  collects  data  from  various  internetenabled  machines  and  devices  used  by  a  company  in  order  to  help  improve  efficiency.  eam  software  can  be  used  to  improve  the  supply  chain  or  to  test  how  well  certain  parts  are  working.  the  latter  helps  engineers  realize  when  a  part  needs  maintenance  or  simply  needs  to
__label__logisticstracking be  replaced.  regular  maintenance  is  a  must  for  large  equipment  and  heavy  machinery,  but  its  made  easier  when  theres  each  piece  of  equipment  and  detect  problems  when  they  happen,  rather  than  finding  said  problem  after  the  fact.  additionally,  widelyscaled  eam  solutions  can  compare  data  from  different  facilities.  no  longer  is  it  a  guessing  game  as  to  which  facility  runs  the  best  and  why.  the  data  collected  from  every  device  in  every  facility  can  be  compared  to  find  which  processes  a  particular  facility  may  be  better  at  than  another  and  why  thats  the  case.  despite  this,  the  most  exciting  aspect  of
__label__logisticstracking eam  is  not  only  the  ability  to  improve  maintenance  and  the  supply  chain,  but  the  ability  to  reduce  environmental  impact.  by  constantly  monitoring  the  machines  and  devices  involved  in  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  these  corporations  can  increase  their  focus  on  improving  sustainability  on  a  large  scale,  hopefully  leading  to  much  greener  processes  in  the  near  future.  the  internet  of  things  is  already  a  large  part  of  our  daily  lives  whether  or  not  we  realize  it  yet,  and  will  only  become  larger  as  the  number  of  connected  devices.  were  excited  to  see  the  improvements  and  innovations  that  are  on  the  horizon,
__label__logisticstracking from  automated  coffee  to  greener  manufacturing  facilities.  the  only  limit  lies  in  our  ability  to  find  new  uses  for  iot  technology.  what  are  the  lessons  learned  from  these  worldclass  supply  chains  when  it  comes  to  inventory  management?  first,  these  highperformance  supply  chains  have  a  culture  thats  rich  in  analytics,  insight,  contextual  intelligence  and  accountability  for  results.  they  each  have  built  a  culture  thats  strengthened  daily  with  customer  insights  gained  from  iot  data  that  comes  from  their  distribution  networks.  second,  each  of  these  supply  chains  can  quickly  aggregate  massive  amounts  of  data,  finding  new  insights  to  grow  profitable  new  businesses  and
__label__logisticstracking optimize  existing  supply  chains.  third,  the  level  of  collaboration  these  firms  attain  across  their  supplier  and  customer  networks  is  turning  data  itself  into  a  currency,  complete  with  a  monetary  value,  all  based  on  iotbased  data.  fourth,  iot  data  is  the  foundation  for  improving  trackandtraceability  performance  and  product  quality.  iot  systems  and  supporting  analytics  are  the  foundations  of  the  supply  chain,  inventory  management,  supplier  collaboration  and  supplier  quality  management  and  compliance  improvements  that  propel  the  worldclass  supply  chains  in  to  global  leadership  and  prominence.  the  following  are  examples  and  leading  indicators  of  how  the  internet  of  things  is  revolutionizing  inventory  management:
__label__logisticstracking businesstobusiness  b2b  applications  of  iot  will  generate  300b  in  revenues  by  2020,  according  to  a  recent  bain  insights  brief  .  industrial  applications  of  iot  will  be  a  major  catalyst  for  overall  market  growth  in  b2b  through  2020.  scm,  inventory  management  and  logistics  are  core  areas  of  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  growth.  the  following  graphic  compares  iot  and  analytics  revenue  growth  from  2015  to  2020:  iots  potential  contributions  to  inventory  management,  supply  chain  management  and  logistics  could  reach  between  560b  to  850b  per  year  by  2025.  the  internet  of  things:  mapping  the  value  beyond  the  hype  manufacturing,  consulting,  business  services
__label__logisticstracking and  distribution  logistics  are  the  top  four  industries  leading  iot  adoption  today,  and  will  accelerate  through  2020.  2017  internet  of  things  iot  intelligence  market  study  integrating  iot  platforms  with  location  intelligence,  streaming  data  analysis  and  cognitive  bi  deliver  the  greatest  business  benefits  in  a  variety  of  functions,  including  supply  chain  and  warehouse  management,  according  to  a  recent  dresner  advisory  services  study.  74  of  iot  early  adopters  say  location  intelligence  is  critical  or  very  important.  manufacturing  and  supply  chain  management,  including  inventory  management  and  business  intelligence  competency  centers  bicc  are  among  the  most  powerful  catalysts  of  iot  adoption  in  the  enterprise.
__label__logisticstracking smart  inventory  management  using  iot  systems  is  the  catalyst  driving  realtime  visibility  across  inventory,  warehouse,  production  and  distribution  centers,  reducing  inventory  costs  and  improving  predictive  maintenance.  source:  iot  is  generating  four  forms  of  financial  value  in  manufacturing  today,  with  inventory  management  optimization  emerging  as  a  leading  profit  contributor.  top  digital  scm  takeaways  from  gartners  10th  annual  scm  technology  user  wants  and  needs  study  conclusion  there  are  latent  opportunities  across  the  value  chains  of  all  companies,  especially  manufacturers,  to  improve  their  overall  operations  using  iot  realtime  data  as  a  catalyst  for  improvement.  of  the  many  areas  where  iot  can  contribute  and
__label__logisticstracking is  beginning  to  be  integrated  into  daily  production,  the  most  valuable  is  inventory  management  and  supply  chain  management.  inventory  managers  greatest  challenges  occur  when  there  isnt  enough  data  available  to  make  an  informed  decision.  there  are  also  the  continual  challenges  of  tracking  assets  that  havent  been  entered  into  tracking  systems  correctly  and  are  often  lost,  then  written  off.  iot  systems  strengths  include  bringing  greater  tracking,  traceability,  quality  management,  compliance  and  realtime  data  on  inventory  positions.  all  of  these  factors  contribute  to  a  roadmap  of  value  that  every  company  can  chart  their  course  with  by  using  iot  systems  and  technologies.  required
__label__logisticstracking fields  are  marked  see  the  for  the  top  inventory  management  software...  plus  the  most  important  considerations  and  questions  to  ask.  get  pricing  guide  pricing,  ratings,  and  reviews  for  each  vendor.  plus  access  to  our  online  selection  platform  for  free.  jumpstart  your  selection  project  with  a  free,  prebuilt,  customizable  inventory  management  tools  requirements  template.  2019  selecthub.  all  rights  reserved.  various  trademarks  held  by  their  respective  owners.  all  original  content  is  copyrighted  by  selecthub  and  any  copying  or  reproduction  without  references  to  selecthub  is  strictly  prohibited.
__label__logisticstracking you  are  here:  the  ability  to  view,  track,  and  monitor  inventory  will  improve  enormously  with  the  iot.  inefficiencies  thatyou  never  noticed  will  become  simple  to  spot  and  take  action  on.  although  still  in  an  early  stage,  the  iot  carries  enormous  potential  for  both  consumer  and  company.  see  more  2019  by  clear  spider
__label__logisticstracking beginner  advanced  business  insights  podcasts  the  dawn  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  upon  us  and  it  is  set  to  revolutionise  many  industries  including  inventory  management.  however,  before  we  can  understand  how  inventory  management  will  be  affected  by  iot  and  how  we  can  optimise  this,  we  must  first  understand  what  exactly  it  is.  iot  is  essentially  a  concept  where  devices  are  connected  to  the  internet  or  each  other  via  a  wireless  connection.  this  not  only  includes  devices  such  as  coffee  makers,  tvs  and  washing  machines  but  also  components  of  devices  such  as  the  engine  of  a  car  or  the
__label__logisticstracking drill  of  an  oil  rig  for  example.  it  is  predicted  that  by  2020,  there  will  be  at  least  worldwide.  these  connections  become  important  as  they  allow  data  sharing  which  then  can  instigate  actions  in  an  anticipatory  fashion  to  make  life  and  business  more  efficient.  in  plain  terms,  this  means  your  car  could  pick  the  best  route  to  get  you  to  a  meeting  on  time,  based  on  current  traffic  conditions.  your  alarm  clock  could  send  a  signal  to  your  coffee  maker  to  start  brewing  your  morning  coffee  while  you  are  getting  dressed  for  the  day.  the  idea  is  that  with  the
__label__logisticstracking future  of  technology,  anything  that  can  be  connected  will  be  connected.  so,  what  does  this  mean  for  inventory  management  and  supply  chains?  the  benefits  of  iot  on  the  supply  chain  are  perhaps  the  most  exciting  physical  manifestations  we  can  observe.  iot  in  the  supply  chain  creates  an  unprecedented  transparency  that  results  in  improved  operational  efficiencies  and  revenuesaving  opportunities.  a  major  area  of  benefit  is  asset  tracking  where,  instead  of  using  traditional  to  scan  and  record  item  data,  stock  items  have  rfid  tags  or  gps  sensors  which  can  be  registered  wirelessly.  it  is  then  possible  to  quickly  and  accurately  obtain  data
__label__logisticstracking and  track  items  from  any  point  throughout  the  supply  chain.  applications  of  this  can  include  remote  temperature  monitoring  and  control  for  sensitive  products  and  assessment  of  time  spent  in  transit  or  time  spent  on  a  shelf  before  being  sold.  obtaining  this  data  can  facilitate  better  quality  control  and  ,  which  of  course  improves  the  companys  ability  to  meet  demand  and  enhances  their  reputation.  you  could  perhaps  look  at  remote  product  tracking  with  all  the  data  it  affords  as  a  way  of  having  eyes  on  the  inside  of  your  suppliers  businesses.  and  why  is  this  important?  knowing  production  and  transit  times
__label__logisticstracking of  your  items  allows  you  to  better  tweak  orders  to  suit  lead  times  and  in  response  to  fluctuating  demand.  it  also  allows  you  to  draw  conclusions  about  which  suppliers  are  meeting  production  and  shipping  criteria  and  which  need  a  bit  more  monitoring  to  reach  expectations.  in  fact,  ibm  found  that  65  of  a  companys  value  is  attributable  to  its  suppliers,  indicating  this  is  an  area  that  needs  close  attention.  iot  is  beneficial  for  logistics  and  maintenance  of  the  supply  chain.  the  supply  chain  consists  of  a  series  of  manufacturing  equipment  and  transportation  modes  operating  in  sync  with  each  other.  of
__label__logisticstracking course,  the  more  components  present,  the  more  difficult  it  is  to  streamline  the  process  for  optimum  efficiency.  iot  solves  this  problem  as  it  enables  each  component  to  talk  to  each  other  rather  than  requiring  human  intervention  to  connect  components  and  ensure  the  correct  action  or  process  happens  at  the  correct  time.  the  interface  of  iot  with  the  inventory  manager  is  through  inventory  management  software  and  there  are  many  features  which  become  far  more  useful  with  the  introduction  of  iot  to  the  supply  chain.  for  example:  the  takehome  message  about  iot  and  the  outcome  of  its  marriage  to  inventory  management  is
__label__logisticstracking that  the  entire  process  can  then  be  optimised  for  efficiency.  at  the  end  of  the  day,  this  improves  revenue  and  the  companys  reputation  and  makes  the  commitment  to  technology  and  iot  well  worth  the  effort.  technology  is  changing  the  way  we  operate  and  its  changing  at  a  rapid  pace.  software  in  the  highly  competitive  hospitality  industry,  hotel  operators  and  small  business  owners  need  access  to  how  effective  inventory  management  aids  wholesalers  wholesalers  by  nature  will  typically  have  a  multitude  of  us  1  415  767  5777  uk  44  117  254  1177  australia  61  3  9999  5038  new  zealand  64  9  447
__label__logisticstracking refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  technology  is  fast  replacing  obsolete  ways  and  technologies  of  by  tradition,  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  in  retail  supply  chains  depended  on  these  oldschool  methods:  these  oldschool  methods  are  the  reason  behind  many  prevailing  problems,  which  augment  as  the  size  of  the  inventory  increases,  and  the  abovementioned  methods  stop  working.  modern  asset  tracking  requires  the  employment  of  the  latest  technology.  for  large  inventories,  paperbased  and  spreadsheet  tracking  and  management  systems  are  out  of  the  question.  in  addition  to  rfid,
__label__logisticstracking barcode  scanning  is  also  used  for  asset  tracking.  manual  scanning,  wherein  a  person  manually  scans  bar  codes  printed  on  each  item  at  every  strategic  point,  brought  in  some  sort  of  automation  to  the  process,  but  it  has  its  own  set  of  shortcomings  against  rfid.  thus,  although  the  barcode  has  been  around  for  quite  some  time  in  the  market,  the  focus  is  shifting  fast  towards  rfidbased  solutions  since  they  have  various  advantages  over  traditional  barcodebased  solutions:  not  that  its  clear  that  rfid  is  the  best  method  of  asset  tracking.  let  me  introduce  you  to  rfid  and  how  it  works.  for  a
__label__logisticstracking clear  understanding,  ill  use  an  example.  thorpe  pharma  is  a  manufacturer  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  equipment.  each  manufactured  unit  costs  several  hundred  thousand  dollars  and  is  made  of  highprecision  components.  each  component  has  a  unique  id  attached  to  it  so  to  a  manufactured  unit.  the  components  are  manufactured  at  various  shops  in  the  factory.  from  there,  they  are  moved  to  the  assembly  department  to  assemble  the  final  equipment.  an  assembled  unit  undergoes  various  quality  checks  before  being  packed  in  crates  and  moved  to  the  shipping  department.  thorpes  customers  call  the  service  desk  to  lodge  a  complaint  in  case  the  equipment
__label__logisticstracking malfunctions.  this  could  be  a  defect,  component  failure,  or  gaps  in  assembling.  whatever,  the  support  person  must  diagnose  the  problem  and  assign  a  service  engineer  to  it.  the  components  are  ultrasensitive  and  cant  be  commonly  fixed  at  the  customersplace.  thus,  the  service  engineer  replaces  the  malfunctioning  component  right  at  the  site.  that  is,  components  are  always  moving  department  to  department  and,  as  in  the  above  case,  equipment  to  equipment.  as  such,  the  managers,  service  engineers,  and  the  sales  force  of  the  company  must  know  the  status  of  the  components.  the  service  engineers  must  learn  when  a  component  arrives  or  moves
__label__logisticstracking out.  moreover,  the  engineers  must  be  able  to  track  a  component  from  the  day  it  was  manufactured.  thorpe  employed  barcode  technology  to  track  the  movement  of  components.  however,  with  so  many  components  on  the  move,  tracking  the  valuable  inventory  and  the  moving  assets  was  a  nightmare  for  thorpes  management.  we  developed  a  complete  solution  for  asset  tracking,  inventory  management,  and  using  rfid  technology  for  the  company.  a  unique  item  identification  number  is  printed  on  an  adhesive  sticker  and  pasted  on  each  component  and  the  assembled  unit.  at  every  strategic  point,  thorpe  personnel  scan  the  barcode  with  a  barcode  scanner.  the
__label__logisticstracking scanned  data  reaches  a  program  that  processes  and  records  them  in  a  relational  database  table.  in  rfidbased  asset  tracking  and  management  solutions,  any  asset  to  be  tracked  is  fitted  with  an  rfid  tag.  rfid  tags,  in  their  thin,  microchiplike  structure,  sandwich  an  electronic  radio  transmitter,  an  antenna,  and  a  tiny  battery.  like  barcodes,  with  the  help  of  a  little  adhesive,  they  can  be  stuck  to  any  surface.  they  can  also  be  attached  to  identity  cards,  people,  and  even  farm  animals.  each  rfid  tag  has  a  unique  identification  number  uin  attached  to  it.  it  sends  out  a  radio  signal  carrying  the
__label__logisticstracking uin.  thus,  a  receiver  device,  called  the  rfid  reader/scanner,  extracts  the  uin  of  every  tag  in  its  range  and  updates  to  a  database.  there  are  many  types  of  rfid  tags  and  reader  available  in  the  market.  while  tags  cost  anywhere  between  120,  rfid  readers  can  go  as  much  as  3,000  and  10,00020,000  per  portal  for  hardware,  installation,  and  configuration  of  fixed  position  passive  rfid  solutions.  the  ability  to  scan  and  read  from  different  angles  and  through  a  certain  material,  resistance  against  harsh  conditions,  and  robustness  has  put  rfid  among  the  best  methods  to  tag  the  communication  as  soon  as  it
__label__logisticstracking detects  the  reader  field.  it  will  simplify  the  tag  logic,  but  it  is  less  secure  because  the  tag  doesnt  care  what  it  is  communicating  with  as  long  as  sufficient  field  strength  is  available.  this  tag  waits  for  interrogation  by  areader  before  transmitting  information.  securitywise  it  is  good  so  it  is  recommended  for  our  smart  inventory  management  system.  creating  a  program  to  interact  with  readers:  java,  phpmyadmin,  and  sql.  creating  appropriate  database  schema  so  that  all  required  information  can  be  determined:  history,  times,  current  tags,  past  tags,  etc.  truncate  table?  bst?  current  thoughts  bst  with  dsw  appropriate  db  vs.  software  workload
__label__logisticstracking sharing  appropriate  queries  modern  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  solutions  rely  on  an  rfid  subsystem  of  a  logistics  mobility  solution  that  supports  a  number  of  application  domains.  various  software  components  working  in  unison  to  extract  and  process  information,  including  uin,  from  rfid  tags  form  an  inventory  management  solution.  in  a  typical  enterprise  setup,  various  rfid  readers  are  placed  inside  warehouses,  transports,  and  strategic  points.  data  captured  by  the  readers  is  processed  by  the  host  computer  before  sending  it  to  database  storage.  the  database  storage  is,  on  the  other  hand,  connected  to  the  rfid  application,  which  includes  an  entity  framework  and
__label__logisticstracking rfid  reader  api.  the  host  computer  can  process  data  from  various  readers  at  the  same  time.  it  processes  the  information  and  buffers  them  for  a  predefined  time  period.  the  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  atim  solution  has  a  sql  server  database  as  its  backend.  the  atim  is  accessed  through  a  web  interface  that  can  be  deployed  on  the  intranet  server  of  the  enterprise,  a  virtual  wide  area  network  wan  or  it  can  be  ipbased.  an  operator  can  interact  with  the  interface  using  a  web  browser  chrome,  firefox,  etc.  on  their  computer,  tablet,  or  smartphone.  the  web  app  can  also  be
__label__logisticstracking packed  to  create  an  android  and  ios  app.  to  integrate  the  rfid  information  and  theatim  solution,  a  middleware  implementation  is  required.  the  middleware  implementation  coordinates  between  the  atim  database  and  the  rfid  subsystem  database.  moreover,  it  updates  the  movement  history  of  each  component  in  the  atim  database,  sending  out  notifications  to  personnel  on  their  smartphones.  in  rfidbased  atim  solutions,  each  tag  is  authorized  by  means  of  a  desktop  reader.  the  authorization  tells  the  solution  that  this  tag  is  now  a  part  of  the  inventory  and  must  be  tracked  at  each  level.  the  tag  is  then  attached  to  the  package  to
__label__logisticstracking be  tracked.  the  packages  are  packed  inside  crates.  the  integrated  reader  scans  packages  before  they  are  picked  up  by  forklifts  and  placed  in  a  warehouse.  a  person  carrying  an  rfid  reader  scans  the  entire  warehouse  for  tags.  if  the  warehouse  management  system  detects  a  missing  rfid  tag,  it  reports  to  the  atim  quality  operator  to  look  into  it.  if  the  inventory  doesnt  report  any  missing  package,  the  crates  are  forklifted  again  and  unloaded  to  a  truck  for  transportation.  an  rfid  reader  placed  at  the  unloading  points  assure  no  package  goes  inside  the  truck  without  being  tracked  by  the  reader.  again,
__label__logisticstracking the  data  is  validated  against  the  tags  authorized  by  the  desktop  reader.  the  illustration  below  shows  a  modern  retail  implementation  using  rfid  dubbed  rfid  retail  3.0.  the  key  application  area  of  rfid  tracking  is  in  the  manufacturing,  service,  and  retail  chains.  however,  it  can  be  used  in  many  other  places.  academically  speaking,  rfid  tracking  can  be  used  anywhere  something  needs  to  be  tracked.  some  of  the  application  are:  the  roi  of  rfid  depends  on  your  labor  costs  and  the  value  of  realtime  data  accuracy.  if  you  dont  need  realtime  data  and  labor  is  cheap,  use  passive  rfid  and  handhelds.  if
__label__logisticstracking labor  is  expensive  and  realtime  data  is  critical,  invest  in  active  rfid.  so,  each  organization  has  a  unique  profile  of  asset  receiving,  distribution,  and  volume.  and,  of  course,  there  is  always  the  issue  of  capital  expenditures.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__logisticstracking by  inventory  management  solves  a  fundamental  business  need.  it  answers  the  questions  of  how  much  inventory  there  is  and  where  it  is  located.  it  processes  reorders  on  a  justintimebasis  so  that  the  replenishment  of  the  inventory  of  any  item  occurs  right  before  that  inventory  item  is  depleted.  it  maximizes  productivity  to  have  just  enough  of  needed  items  available  to  never  run  out,  while  at  the  same  time  not  creating  an  overstocked  situation.  easy  to  describe.  sounds  simple.  why  do  so  many  companies  do  this  poorly?  inventory  management  has  done  the  oldfashioned  way  with  spreadsheets  and  physical  counts  are  barbaric.  nevertheless,
__label__logisticstracking a  2017  survey  conducted  by  wasp  barcode  technologies  noted  that  most  small  businesses  did  not  track  inventory  using  the  current  best  practices.  in  total,  84  of  the  survey  respondents  were  not  yet  applying  the  best  practices.  with  the  explosive  growth  of  the  iot,  this  is  likely  to  change  because  the  ease  and  the  cost  of  doing  this  will  come  way  down.  the  capabilities  of  using  the  iot  to  improve  inventory  management  now  create  the  possibility  for  businesses  of  all  sizes  to  monitor  inventory  in  realtime.  data  transmission  will  improve  significantly  over  the  next  years  with  the  deployment  of  .  here
__label__logisticstracking are  the  nine  ways  that  iot  improves  inventory  management:  one  of  the  fundamental  benefits  of  deploying  an  inventory  management  system  using  iot  is  that  communication  is  improved.  everything,  which  is  a  reasonablysized  unit  of  value  in  the  inventory  management  chain,  is  enabled  with  communication  capabilities.  knowing,  in  realtime,  exactly  where  every  item  of  inventory  is  located,  is  the  new  standard.  delivery  services  already  do  this  very  well  with  packages.  a  package  that  is  being  sent,  is  scanned  into  the  system,  tracked  while  in  transit,  and  then  the  delivery  is  recorded.  with  the  expanding  iot  capabilities,  combined  with  5g  wireless  data
__label__logisticstracking transmission,  this  will  enable  microtracking.  inventory  management  systems  will  be  able  to  increase  in  granularity  to  not  only  track  a  package  but  to  also  be  able  to  track  the  individual  items  inside.  itemized  inventory  tracking  continues  through  the  warehousing  and  processing  until  the  item  is  used  in  manufacturing,  sold,  or  written  off  as  a  loss  for  various  reasons.  microtracking  is  limited  to  items  that  can  contain  a  physical  rfid  chip  or  have  a  barcode  stamped  on  them  or  their  packaging.  to  be  costeffective,  the  items  must  have  an  individual  value  that  is  sufficiently  high  enough  to  be  worth  using  inventory
__label__logisticstracking tracking  methods  to  account  for  them.  however,  with  iot,  the  number  of  specific  inventory  items  that  will  be  tracked  will  increase  by  the  trillions.  the  best  practices  for  an  using  iot  are  to  have  as  little  human  intervention  as  possible.  data  collection  of  the  inventory  items  should  be  highlyautomated  so  that  when  each  item  passes  through  a  scanner,  its  presence  in  inventory  is  tracked  and  recorded.  when  the  item  is  used  or  sold,  physically  moving  it  out  of  the  warehouse  through  another  scanner  or  at  another  checkpoint  in  the  supply  chain  reduces  the  inventory  count  for  that  item.  using  technology
__label__logisticstracking that  is  enabled  by  the  iot  along  with  the  coming  improvements  offered  by  5g  wireless  technology  improves  the  .  warehouse  management  is  about  efficient  use  of  the  space  and  the  activity  that  occurs  in  that  space.  space  in  a  warehouse  is  better  allocated  after  considering  the  usage  pattern.  more  frequently  used  items  can  be  stored  more  closely  to  the  access  points  to  improve  warehouse  efficiency.  iot  in  inventory  management  includes  the  use  of  smart  shelves  and  storage  bins  that  can  communicate  how  long  things  have  been  held  in  those  places  and  how  full  they  are.  algorithms  developed  using  computerlearning  ai
__label__logisticstracking systems  may  be  able  to  track  and  manage  inventory  better  than  a  human  counterpart.  by  scanning  iot  data,  the  ai  system  may  identify  patterns  that  a  human  being  may  not  find.  this  process  may  improve  inventory  management  decisions.  ai  may  be  used  on  its  own  to  improve  system  functions  such  as  replacement  inventory  ordering,  or  it  may  be  combined  with  human  supervision  and  human  decisionmaking  about  noteworthy  data  patterns  discovered  through  the  ai  algorithms.  using  has  tremendous  benefits.  cloud  computing  offers  significant  computational  processing  needed  to  create  the  benefits  of  using  ai  and  iot  systems  for  inventory  management.  this  cloudcomputing
__label__logisticstracking processing  power  enables  data  mining  of  large  sets  of  data  by  applying  sophisticated  analytics,  in  order  to  make  accurate  predictions.  if  an  organizations  inventory  includes  equipment  and  vehicle  fleets,  then  the  iot  is  very  useful.  tracking  mechanisms  use  gps  locations  to  collect  data  about  where  the  equipment  or  fleet  vehicles  are  always.  this  data  helps  manage  the  utilization  of  the  tracked  items  and  helps  prevent  loss  or  unauthorized  use.  tracking  of  inventory  using  iot  systems  helps  determine  the  lead  times  needed  to  assemble  all  the  parts  necessary  for  manufacturing.  excessive  lead  times  are  identified  in  order  to  avoid  bottlenecks  caused
__label__logisticstracking by  a  critical  parts  being  missing  that  stops  the  production  processes.  inventory  management  using  iot  systems  allows  the  easier  integration  with  robotics  that  is  used  in  conjunction  with  inventory  processes.  for  example,  many  online  retailers  have  a  significant  amount  of  work  needed  to  do  in  picking  items  to  fill  a  customer  order.  robotics  can  do  this  work  more  efficiently  in  conjunction  with  iotconnected  inventory  items  and  systems.  embracing  iot  for  inventory  management  is,  in  general,  a  wise  decision  for  most  organizations.  however,  there  are  that  need  to  be  considered  as  well.  they  are  the  investment  cost,  standards  that  help  devices
__label__logisticstracking communicate  with  each  other,  security,  and  scalability.  certainly,  all  those  issues  must  be  addressed  to  create  a  successful  inventory  management  system  using  iot.  despite  these  concerns,  the  cost  of  continues  to  decrease  and  the  deployment  of  iot  for  inventory  management  continues  to  advance.  for  many  organizations,  this  is  rapidly  becoming  a  costeffective  and  efficient  solution  for  inventory  management.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  mesh  of  low  power  devices  that  connect  to  the  internet  and  communicate  with  each  other.  in  a  world  that  connects  us  through  our  smartwatches,  smart  cars,  and  the  online  portals  we  use  to  make  life
__label__logisticstracking easier,  the  best  way  for  commercial  real  estate  executives  to  protect  themselves  is  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  your  source  for  the  internet  of  things.  we  know  your  business  is  looking  for  the  latest  technology  around  the  internet  of  things,  so  our  goal  here  at  the  daily  plan  iot  is  to  provide  you  with  cutting  edge  information,  news  and  interviews,  so  that  your  company  stays  ahead  of  the  curve  on  this  ever  growing  technology.  copyright  2019  powered  by  .
__label__logisticstracking it  is  the  internet  of  things,  but  with  an  enterprise  angle.  take  that  to  mean  industry  vertical  applications,  development  ecosystems,  product  design,  hardware,  deployment  and  more.  tis  the  season  for  returns;  when  holiday  hangovers  are  traded  in  for  new  years  resolutions  and  consumers  set  out  on  a  giftreturning  frenzy.  for  retailers,  it  is  a  complex  time  logistically  and  revenues  can  be  lost.  but  it  doesnt  have  to  be  that  way.  as  shoppers  hustle  to  ship  or  bring  back  items  that  dont  fit  or  they  dont  like,  theres  an  opportunity  for  retailers  to  move  that  inventory  quickly  to  another  loyal  customer.
__label__logisticstracking but  without  the  ability  to  see  returns  or  exchanges  in  real  time,  that  inventory  becomes  a  burden  on  the  bottom  line.  after  employees  and  store  estate  physical  and  online  premises  inventory  is  arguably  the  most  valuable  resource  a  retailer  has.  without  it,  the  retailer  cannot  trade.  in  todays  ,  inventory  is  more  valuable  than  ever,  but  it  must  be  in  the  right  place  at  the  right  time  or  the  business  suffers.  the  connectivity  and  realtime  analytics  inherent  in  iot  could  be  the  game  changer  for  retailers  inventory  woes.  here  are  three  ways  i  see  this  taking  shape:  during  the  holidays,
__label__logisticstracking popular  inventory  is  the  superman  of  brickandmortar  leaving  the  shelf  faster  than  a  speeding  bullet.  postholiday  this  same  inventory  can  stick  to  the  shelf  like  molasses.  this  is  one  reason  why  retailers  offer  deep  discounts  in  january.  with  digital  shelves,  a  sensor  can  be  added  that  ,  reading  smart  tags  on  the  products.  another  sensor  could  read  passing  foot  traffic  to  determine  whether  the  product  placement  is  attracting  enough  passersby.  with  digital  shelving,  if  inventory  is  low  in  a  store  yet,  at  the  same  time,  these  items  are  being  shipped  back,  you  can  reroute  the  units  to  go  directly  where
__label__logisticstracking demand  is  high.  typically,  inventory  is  shipped  back  to  distribution,  then  processed  and  resent  to  stores  in  need.  by  cutting  out  the  middleman  and  rerouting  shipments,  retailers  avoid  the  extra  time  and  costs  associated  with  processing  returns  and  can  get  the  product  to  customers  faster.  rfid  chips  can  be  placed  on  clothing,  or  even  ,  to  give  each  garment  an  individual  id.  rfid  chips  are  cost  effective  and  dont  require  any  power  source  battery  or  electricity;  companion  technology  rfid  readers  enables  fast  and  accurate  locating.  along  with  other  iotenabled  technology  a  combination  of  storeshelf  sensors,  smart  displays,  digital  price  tags
__label__logisticstracking and  highresolution  cameras  retailers  can  see  what  is  where.  from  the  store  shelf  to  the  back  stockroom,  central  warehouses  and  other  stores,  they  can  link  these  sets  of  inventory  data  for  full  visibility.  for  example,  is  using  garmentlevel  rfid  technology  in  order  to  track  inventory  movements  across  the  supply  chain  and  within  the  store  itself.  being  able  to  locate  a  specific  style/color/size  combination  within  the  store  in  real  time  makes  the  promising  and  reliable  fulfillment  of  online  orders  far  more  reliable.  robotic  carts,  guided  by  sensors  and  video  cameras,  are  intended  to  let  shoppers  summon  them  using  their  smartphones  and
__label__logisticstracking then  dispatch  them  back  to  the  storage  area  when  they  are  finished.  employees  can  then  concentrate  on  filling  shelves  or  working  at  checkout,  rather  than  rounding  up  carts  throughout  the  store  and  in  the  parking  lot  or  further.  connected  to  an  inventory  management  system,  robocarts  could  determine  highly  accurate  realtime  inventory  as  customers  move  them  around  the  store.  this  would  ensure  an  accurate,  uptotheminute  view  of  what  shelves  need  restocking  and  what  products  are  selling  fast  or  which  are  being  returned.  and  process  orchestration  allows  supply  chain  and  merchandising  processes  to  respond  in  real  time  and  determine  whether  they  need
__label__logisticstracking to  apply  a  discount  to  items  they  want  to  get  rid  of.  this  is  a  .  having  the  ability  to  connect  robocarts  to  existing  systems  to  make  the  insights  that  the  carts  gain  actionable  is  imperative,  as  is  having  a  realtime  response  to  what  the  cart  finds.  smart  retailers  applying  this  technology  will  automatically  respond  via  process  orchestration,  ensuring  problems  are  eliminated  and  opportunities  are  benefited  from.  sensors  could  transmit  information  to  report  planogram  compliance  to  the  head  office  to  assist  with  a  consistent  shopping  experience.  customer  movement  patterns  can  be  leveraged  for  merchandise  planners  to  optimize  layouts  and  understand
__label__logisticstracking the  impact  of  promotional  areas  and  make  sure  specific  items  are  not  returned  or  are  bought  out  at  a  record  pace.  sensorequipped  carts  could  form  part  of  a  smart  store  monitoring  solution,  advising  when  a  is  needed.  or  they  could  detect  product  theft  before  a  perpetrator  leaves  the  building.  tackling  the  inventory  challenge  requires  investment,  but  it  can  be  attained  quickly  via  realtime  connectivity  and  sophisticated  orchestration  across  different  systems,  including  erp,  store  inventory  management,  warehouse  management  and  other  inventory  masters  such  as  the  inventory  systems  of  suppliers.  optimizing  resources  will  allow  you  to  distribute  products  from  ordering  to  pickup
__label__logisticstracking and  delivery  from  any  channel.  this  is  truly  maximizing  return  on  resources.  all  iot  agenda  network  contributors  are  responsible  for  the  content  and  accuracy  of  their  posts.  opinions  are  of  the  writers  and  do  not  necessarily  convey  the  thoughts  of  iot  agenda.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology
__label__logisticstracking has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find
__label__logisticstracking out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for
__label__logisticstracking ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__logisticstracking inventory  management  is  a  hidden  challenge  throughout  the  retail  industry,  and  can  be  much  harder  than  it  looks.  around  the  holidays,  inventory  management  becomes  a  significant  undertaking.  first,  products  fly  off  the  shelves,  then  some  get  returned,  while  others  sit  on  the  shelves  to  stay  for  months  after  the  fact.  being  able  to  manage  all  these  numbers  is  an  art  the  internet  of  things  can  help  with.  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  can  use  technology  to  make  a  better  record  of  all  inventory  coming  in  and  out  of  a  store,  even  for  online  retail.  iot  can  calculate  everything  from
__label__logisticstracking shoppers  who  only  browse  through  items  to  people  who  never  set  foot  in  the  store  to  what  ads  consumers  respond  best  to.  gathering  realtime  information  with  iot  is  a  relatively  new  technology  thats  making  waves.  rfid  tags  used  with  iot  to  keep  track  of  physical  inventory  can  be  the  key  to  inventory  management.  rather  than  only  keeping  track  of  numbers,  you  can  now  watch  inventory  in  real  time,  especially  since  not  everything  always  goes  smoothly.  in  cases  of  thieves  or  lost  product  for  other  reasons,  you  can  always  know  where  your  products  are,  or  at  least  how  many  are  in
__label__logisticstracking your  brickandmortar  stores.  along  with  the  iot,  retailers  can  always  have  an  eye  in  the  sky  to  see  what  is  where.  shelf  sensors  and  highresolution  cameras  are  just  the  tip  of  the  iceberg  regarding  what  retailers  can  do  these  days.  as  long  as  you  use  the  technology  correctly  and  efficiently,  you  can  look  after  ,  whether  youre  worried  about  foul  play  or  just  something  popular  getting  sold  out.  the  warehouse  is  where  you  have  the  most  significant  need  to  keep  track  of  all  your  inventory.  if  you  dont  have  enough  of  a  popular  product  in  your  warehouse,  problems  could  set
__label__logisticstracking in  immediately.  with  rfid  tags  and  readers,  you  can  observe  in  real  time  how  many  items  you  have  and  how  fast  they  move  around.  tracking  your  warehouse  inventory  is  a  smart  way  to  watch  online  sales,  too.  combined  with  the  iot,  ,  including  the  employees.  the  iot  allows  different  types  of  devices  to  communicate,  so  youre  always  getting  accurate  information  most  efficiently.  by  using  rfid  in  warehouses,  theres  not  even  a  need  to  run  barcodes  anymore.  rfids  not  only  make  inventory  more  accurate  and  efficient,  but  they  also  save  a  lot  of  time  by  preventing  the  need  for  scanning  barcodes
__label__logisticstracking or  labels.  by  combining  rfid  with  iot  in  stores  and  warehouses,  retailers  can  save  a  lot  of  money  in  the  long  run,  especially  since  this  technology  is  so  costeffective.  many  retailers  are  already  using  smart  technology  in  their  businesses,  so  catching  up  to  the  competition  with  these  simple  tools  should  be  a  walk  in  the  park.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  zzzatitlezzzend  lookout,  inc.  has  announced  several  new  customer  acquisitions  and  strategic  gotomarket  partnerships.  band  14  coverage  expansion  over  75  percent  complete,  att  says,  with  10,000  public  safety  subscribers  and  more  than  a  million  connections  in  service.  adesto  technologies  corporation,  a  provider  of  innovative
__label__logisticstracking applicationspecific  semiconductors  and  systems  for  the  iot,  has  joined  the  stmicroelectroni  new  private  area  network  pan  offer  will  be  tested  in  france  in  2020;  sigfox  customers  will  choose  between  private  and  global  service  according  to  a  recent  release,  behrtech  and  orange  oranges  have  signed  a  strategic  partnership  agreement  to  provide  secure  iot  connectivity  for  enterp  sing  up  to  receive  our  updates  and  other  iot  evolution  news  2019  all  rights  reserved
__label__logisticstracking published  december  06,  2016  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  impacting  every  business  sector,  but  its  set  to  change  and  inventory  tracking  in  especially  dramatic  ways.  in  2015,  dhl  and  cisco  predicted  that  iot  technologies  could  make  an  impact  of  1.9  trillion  or  more  on  supply  chain  and  logistics.  while  asset  tracking  is  not  a  new  invention,  iot  sensors  are  enhancing  its  potential  and  helping  to  streamline  the  process  of  getting  parts,  resources  and  products  where  they  are  needed,  when  they  are  needed.  for  decades,  suppliers  have  used  barcode  scanning  to  track  the  movement  of  goods  within  factories  and  along
__label__logisticstracking shipping  routes.  with  the  advent  of  fresh  iot  technologies,  though,  traditional  is  becoming  more  sophisticated.  for  example,  radio  frequency  identification  can  provide  realtime  monitoring  of  item  location,  eliminating  time  gaps  between  scanning  stations.  stakeholders  who  use  this  technology  can  locate  items  at  any  point  along  their  journey.  by  incorporating  rfid  tagging,  trackers  can  identify  the  exact  location  of  a  shipment  and  take  into  account  extraneous  factors  such  as  traffic  and  weather  conditions,  using  the  combined  data  to  predict  an  accurate  arrival  time.  rfid  technology  can  also  be  utilized  to  locate  specific  items  on  a  pallet  shipment,  allowing  those  on  the
__label__logisticstracking receiving  end  to  unpack  mostneeded  elements  first.  in  addition,  companies  could  potentially  use  rfid  to  track  assets  such  as  equipment  throughout  a  supply  chain.  see  also:  iot  sensor  technology  can  help  enterprises  monitor  consumption  of  resources  such  as  lubricants,  gas,  paper,  electricity  and  other  consumables.  such  tracking  reduces  personnel  expenses,  resulting  in  .  data  analysts  can  review  the  information  generated  by  iot  sensors  and  use  it  to  and  to  recommend  energy  and  resourcesaving  decisions.  for  example,  an  energy  consumption  management  system  can  enable  load  balancing,  provide  remote  access  to  equipment  operations  and  create  reports  on  energy  usage  cycles.  iot  technology
__label__logisticstracking can  provide  vital  information  for  retailers  to  stay  one  step  ahead  of  customers  desires  and  needs.  for  example,  iot  sensors  could  alert  sales  managers  when  stock  is  running  low  on  a  particular  item.  using  local  demographics  and  other  information,  data  analytics  can  predict  the  number  of  products  needed  at  a  specific  retail  outlet  or  distribution  center.  managers  can  also  see  the  times  of  day  or  days  of  the  week  when  the  highest  volume  of  sales  take  place,  enabling  them  to  anticipate  future  inventory  demands.  while  retailers  could  gather  this  type  of  information  without  sensor  technology,  iot  innovations  allow  a  more
__label__logisticstracking holistic,  efficient  and  streamlined  approach  to  tracking  retail  inventory.  when  it  comes  to  implementing  iot  sensors  for  inventory  tracking,  it  makes  sense  for  enterprises  to  partner  with  a  network  provider  that  specializes  in  wireless  systems  and  has  a  track  record  for  security  and  dependability.  enterprise  iot  system  helps  companies  reduce  operating  costs  by  tracking  consumption.  the  results?  cost  savings,  flexible  tracking  and  access  to  a  secure,  dependable  network.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,
__label__logisticstracking brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about
__label__logisticstracking the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__logisticstracking 17may2018  your  inventory  is  the  lifeblood  of  your  retail  store.  whether  you  are  selling  bath  products  or  artisanal  cheeses,  you  need  to  have  a  steady  flow  of  products  moving  from  the  warehouse  to  the  front  room  to  please  your  customers.  if  most  of  your  business  relies  on  brickandmortar  sales,  a  reliable  inventory  supply  chain  is  necessary  to  ensure  that  you  have  products  when  you  need  them.  yet  many  retailersstruggle  with  warehouse  and  frontstore  issues  that  can  affect  their  sales  line.  inventory  management  is  a  challenge  for  most  retailers.  merchandise  tracking  is  never  fully  accurate  once  shipped  products  reach  the  warehouse
__label__logisticstracking floor  and  are  placed  onto  shelves.  employees  often  rush  to  fill  empty  shelves  without  taking  note  of  inventory  numbers  or  updating  depleted  batch  numbers  in  warehouse  computer  systems,  and  you  end  up  unaware  of  product  shortages  until  it  is  too  late  to  get  a  shipment  in  on  time.  on  the  opposite  end  of  the  spectrum,  product  overstock  can  lead  to  waste  and  high  budget  costs.  your  inventory  can  be  impacted  by  warehouse  placement  if  you  dont  have  the  proper  backroom  shelving  system  set  up.  products  may  get  lost  among  other  items  so  you  end  up  ordering  too  many  products  that
__label__logisticstracking cant  be  moved  in  a  timely  fashion.  if  you  have  perishable  items,  you  have  to  throw  old  products  away.  another  issue  is  product  quality.  merchandise  such  as  food  or  beverages  can  be  negatively  affected  by  factors  such  as  changes  in  temperature,  pressure,  or  vibrations,  and  you  may  end  up  placing  inferior  products  on  shelves.  if  customers  have  a  bad  experience,  it  can  damage  your  reputation  and  the  future  of  your  business.  lastly,  inventory  management  can  be  affected  by  employee  theft.  without  a  tracking  and  security  system  in  place,  you  could  end  up  ordering  products  to  replace  those  that  employees  have
__label__logisticstracking taken.  you  cannot  be  at  the  front  of  the  store  helping  customers  while  also  managing  the  back  of  the  store.  you  are  busy  with  administrative  tasks,  talking  with  new  suppliers  or  coming  up  with  new  marketing  strategies  to  help  your  business  grow.  yet  finding  a  way  to  better  manage  your  inventory  must  also  be  a  top  priority.  the  retail  internet  of  things  iot  may  be  one  solution  to  improve  product  quality,  reduce  waste,  and  monitor  stocked  products.  the  internet  of  things  basically  refers  to  the  connectivity  of  things  such  as  computers,  networks,  and  equipment  systems  that  can  communicate  and  share
__label__logisticstracking data  in  real  time  without  human  interaction.  in  the  retail  industry,  storefronts  and  warehouses  are  becoming  equipped  with  that  help  keep  track  of  your  inventory  and  help  you  gain  better  visibility  and  traceability  of  merchandise.  here  are  several  technologies  that  you  may  be  able  to  employ  now  or  in  the  near  future  to  enhance  your  inventory  management  processes.  smart  shelf  strategies  can  help  you  track  inventory  movement  without  impacting  employee  productivity.  sensors  on  and  rfid  chips  on  merchandise  link  to  warehouse  computer  systems.  when  customers  purchase  a  product,  updated  inventory  data  is  sent  to  the  warehouse.  inventory  alerts  can  inform
__label__logisticstracking workers  when  they  need  to  restock  shelves  and  order  more  products.  while  cameras  are  not  a  new  technology,  enhancements  have  been  made  that  allow  you  to  better  track  inventory  as  it  moves  from  the  back  to  the  front  of  the  house.  smart  displays  show  how  much  inventory  is  on  the  shelves.  cameras  can  also  bring  added  security  to  your  business  to  prevent  product  theft  from  employees  or  customers.  furthermore,  this  technology  can  be  used  to  monitor  store  traffic,  create  heat  maps,  and  gain  insight  on  promotion  effectiveness  and  other  initiatives.  the  retail  or  the  time  between  when  products  leave  the
__label__logisticstracking manufacturer  and  reach  your  store  warehouse,  can  also  benefit  from  iot  innovations.  sensors  and  beacons  on  products  in  trucks  can  monitor  temperatures  and  vibrations  during  transport.  this  strategy  is  essential  for  food  and  beverage  products  to  protect  from  sudden  humidity,  temperature  changes,  or  vibrations  that  could  adversely  impact  product  shelf  life.  once  the  products  reach  your  loading  dock,  your  warehouse  staff  can  better  evaluate  for  product  loss.  furthermore,  monitoring  trucks  with  the  help  of  geofencing  can  enable  employees  to  spend  time  with  customers  instead  of  waiting  for  shipments.  according  to  forbes,  about  of  retailers  will  be  investing  in  iot  technologies
__label__logisticstracking by  2021.  business  owners  are  recognizing  how  iot  tools  can  bring  better  visibility  and  traceability  methods  to  their  stores  and  warehouses.  these  technologies  can  streamline  inventory  management  as  well  as  make  operations  more  efficient  and  costeffective.  as  the  retail  market  increasingly  competes  with  online  stores,  these  innovations  can  help  enhance  the  shopping  experience  for  customers.  in  summary,  iot  can  seamlessly  connect  the  front  and  backoffices,  boost  process  efficiency,  and  increase  customercentricity.  this  can  help  bring  customers  into  the  sweet  spot  of  value,  convenience,  and  experience.  learn  how  to  innovate  at  scale  by  incorporating  individual  innovations  back  to  the  core  business
__label__logisticstracking to  drive  tangible  business  value  by  reading  .  the  digitalist  magazine  is  your  online  destination  for  everything  you  need  to  know  to  lead  your  enterprises  digital  transformation.  read  the  digitalist  magazine  and  get  the  latest  insights  about  the  digital  economy  that  you  can  capitalize  on  today.  christoph  schroeder  is  global  vice  president  of  vertical  merchandising  and  supply  chain  at  sap.  he  works  with  premier  customers  such  as  adidas,  luxottica,  giorgio  armani,  and  tommy  hilfiger.  follow  christoph  on  twitter  .  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  subscribe  to  our  newsletters
__label__logisticstracking brought  to  you  by  in  general,  warehouses  are  used  to  store  goods  or  products.  in  the  warehouses,  if  the  user  wants  to  locate  any  product  it  is  very  difficult,  because  user  have  to  do  a  detailed  search  manually  in  all  the  available  stockrooms  this  requires  a  lot  of  effort.  so  to  avoid  this  problem  the  warehouse  inventory  management  system  is  very  helpful  because  it  maintains  the  detailed  product  information  and  tells  us  in  which  stockroom  the  product  is  present.  the  warehouse  inventory  management  system  is  playing  a  significant  aspect  in  many  productions  and  goods  based  methodology.  though  there  are  many
__label__logisticstracking wireless  communication  technologies  the  rfid  suits  the  best  for  the  warehouse  inventory  management  system.  the  tag  information  is  transferred  from  the  transmitter  section  to  open  source  hardware  via  a  wireless  link  with  the  aid  of  internet.  the  warehouse  inventory  management  system  built  on  the  architecture  of  the  internet  of  things  is  developed  to  track  the  products  attached  to  the  tags  with  product  information  and  their  respective  time  stamps  for  further  verification.  the  raspberry  pi  acts  as  a  central  server,  monitoring  all  the  information.  the  total  system  gives  an  archetype  to  correspond  the  information  flow  and  material  flow.  the  web  page
__label__logisticstracking which  is  built  in  accordance  to  provide  convenient  and  an  interface  to  the  user  to  track  the  products.  the  developed  system  results  a  very  low  cost  system  and  works  dynamically  compared  with  the  existing  present  warehouse  inventory  management  systems.  peer  review  under  responsibility  of  faculty  of  engineering,  alexandria  university.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__logisticstracking you  may  have  seen  commercials  and  online  advertising  for  everything  from  predictive  maintenance  to  home  automation  using  iot.  it  is  a  simple,  largely  intuitive  concept  that  is  helping  to  digitally  transform  the  supply  chain  and  the  way  consumers  live.  from  home  automation  in  smart  homes  to  smart  cities  and  ddos  attacks,  iot  is  in  the  news  frequently  these  days.  you  have  probably  heard  of  it,  but  do  you  know  what  iot  is?  systems  incorporate  internet  connectivity  with  the  ability  to  sense  and  react  to  the  world  in  innovative  and  highly  useful  ways.  physical  devices  are  now  being  embedded  with  electronics,
__label__logisticstracking sensors,  software  actuators  and  can  be  connected  to  the  internet  so  that  data  can  be  exchanged.  according  to  ,  iot  devices  must  be  able  to  monitor  their  environment  and  report  their  status,  receive  directions  and  act  on  information  they  receive.  with  wireless  internet  and  sensor  networks,  real  time  data  is  abundant  for  use  on  internet  of  things  platforms  to  empower  greater  efficiency  in  items  including  home  appliances,  smart  city  projects,  consumer  electronics,  smart  buildings  and  much  more  here  is  some  iot  news:  iot  is  big  in  the  supply  chain  industry  and  growing  fast  iot  devices  are  considered  one  of  the
__label__logisticstracking most  likely  of  technology  investments  in  the  warehouse  according  to  .  as  omnichannel  retail  and  the  consumer  demand  for  fast  delivery  continues  to  boom,  warehouse  professionals  report  more  interest  in  expanding  their  use  of  technology  in  the  warehouse.  according  to  the  zebra  technologies  survey  of  it  and  operations  professionals  in  north  america,  in  companies  with  a  minimum  of  15  million  in  annual  revenues,  90  of  respondents  anticipate  using  mobile  computers  or  tablets  and  85  project  using  rfid  by  2020.  why  are  emerging  technologies  such  as  iot  becoming  so  popular?  for  one  thing,  they  provide  the  free  flow  of  data.  information
__label__logisticstracking technology  experts  can  then  analyze  data  and  use  the  information  from  smart  devices  to  help  refine  processes,  streamline  operations  and  improve  forecast  accuracy,  for  example.  iot  generates  huge  amounts  of  new  data,  more  than  is  currently  used.  other  uses  for  iot  include  the  essential  nature  of  warehouse  management,  accurate  inventory  management.  while  always  critical,  inventory  management  accuracy  has  taken  on  an  entirely  new  level  of  importance.  this  is  largely  due  to  consumers  penchant  for  online  shopping.  in  order  to  facilitate  ecommerce  omnichannel  retail,  it  is  essential  that  consumers  have  accurate  information  regarding  the  status  and  availability  of  items  for  purchase.
__label__logisticstracking this  is  of  strategic  importance  as  it  helps  to  reduce  outofstock  conditions,  improve  customer  service  and  aid  with  regulatory  compliance.  consumers  who  order  online  only  to  arrive  at  brick  and  mortar  retailers  only  to  find  that  their  orders  are  incomplete  with  items  are  not  happy  customers.  this  directly  affects  the  likelihood  that  they  will  purchase  from  those  retailers  in  the  future.  what  is  driving  the  adoption  of  smart  warehousing?  consumer  expectations.  todays  consumer  expects  immediate  gratification.  they  want  to  point,  click  and  receive  their  orders  in  days  or  sometimes  hours.  the  traditional  supply  chain  was  not  designed  to  handle  a
__label__logisticstracking high  volume  of  small  consumer  orders  for  immediate  delivery.  manufacturers,  retailers,  warehouses  and  logistics  providers  are  all  struggling  to  adjust  to  meet  these  needs.  to  be  sure,  everything  is  on  the  line.  when  consumers  are  dissatisfied  with  their  buying  or  delivery  experience,  they  are  not  shy  about  sharing  their  impressions  of  brands  via  social  media.  news  can  spread  like  wildfire.  because  of  this  and  the  fickleness  of  consumers,  companies  are  adjusting  processes,  people  needs  and  technology  to  meet  the  needs  and  expectations  of  demanding  consumers.  investments  in  the  latest  technologies  are  powering  transformative  changes  across  supply  chain  networks.  warehouses  are
__label__logisticstracking being  reimagined  as  hubs  to  increase  efficiency  and  speed  across  the  entire  supply  chain.  using  devices  such  as  wearables,  sensors  and  radiofrequency  identification  tags  rfid,  warehouse  managers  now  have  visibility  of  the  location  and  progress  of  inventory.  wearable  devices  free  up  warehouse  workers  to  move  anywhere  in  the  warehouse.this  enables  warehouse  workers  to  access  information  and  instructions  without  being  constrained  by  the  location  of  workstations.  talk  about  smart  devices,  an  ingenious  idea,  smart  glasses  enable  warehouse  laborers  to  ,  ideal  for  busy  warehouse  operations.  augmented  reality  provides  essential  information  regarding  the  process  and  helps  warehouse  workers  to  learn  quickly.  no
__label__logisticstracking specific  infrastructure  is  typically  required.  popular  in  order  picking,  the  use  of  helps  to  achieve  productivity  improvements  of  15  on  average.  how  does  this  work?  warehouse  workers  can  see  visual  displays  of  order  picking  instructions  and  information  on  item  location  in  visual  displays  on  the  smart  glasses.  the  smart  glasses  also  show  the  warehouse  worker  where  the  items  need  to  be  placed  on  the  cart.  the  smart  glasses  also  show  the  warehouse  worker  where  the  items  need  to  be  placed  on  the  cart.  order  pickers  are  then  freed  up  from  carrying  and  reading  paper  instructions  or  devices  so  that  they
__label__logisticstracking can  perform  their  duties  more  efficiently.  in  international  trials,  warehouse  workers  found  smart  glasses  to  be  user  friendly,  reducing  onboarding  and  training  times  by  half.  autonomous  mobile  robots  often  referred  to  as  amr  can  move  independently  and  utilize  sensors  and  cameras  for  help  with  navigation.  different  from  automated  guided  vehicles  agv,  amr  not  operate  on  a  fixed  path.  amr  sense  and  perceive  their  environment,  find  their  specific  position  within  it,  analyze  and  then  execute  .  amr  most  frequently  used  to  move  or  handle  product  within  the  warehouse.  robots  are  designed  to  handle  a  variety  of  functions  within  the  warehouse  facility.
__label__logisticstracking some  robots  are  coordinated  by  software  to  transport  and  move  shelving  to  workstations  while  others  carry  shelving  bays  to  pickers  at  workstations.  some  autonomous  robots  help  warehouse  workers  by  minimizing  the  travel  of  the  order  picker.  some  types  of  robots  work  alongside  human  warehouse  workers  and  can  detect  different  human  languages.the  robot  can  contain  an  integrated  scanner  that  can  confirm  the  picked  item  to  ensure  nearly  perfect  pick  and  put  operations.  some  robots  also  contain  sensors  and  software  to  enables  them  to  track  data  so  that  feedback  can  be  provided  to  workers,  both  positive  and  negative,  thereby  encouraging  improvement.  it
__label__logisticstracking may  seem  to  you  as  if  we  live  in  an  internet  of  everything  ioe  world  today.  between  smart  grids,  your  connected  car,  building  automation  and  all  the  smart  devices  on  the  internet  of  things  market,  it  is  hard  to  get  away  from  all  the  innovation  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  new  business  models  are  being  developed  to  improve  customer  experiences.  keeping  internet  of  things  secure  is  a  top  priority  to  safeguard  personal  data.  in  the  world  of  warehousing,  iot  has  taken  hold.  to  speed  up  the  handling,  storage  shipping  of  inventory,  warehouses  are  relying  more  on  iotenabled  devices  including  wearables,
__label__logisticstracking smart  glasses,  amr  and  .  robotic  and  artificial  intelligence  solutions  are  being  utilized  in  warehouse  and  logistics  operations  in  concert  with  warehouse  workers  to  improve  performance  and  reduce  errors.  facility  managers  now  can  rely  on  to  be  the  workhorse  of  their  operation  and  reduce  their  dependence  on  seasonal  or  unreliable  workers.  smart  copyright  2019  datex  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.  united  states  800  9332839  727  5714159  10320  49th  street  north  clearwater,  florida  33762  8981  sunset  blvd  suite  104  west  hollywood,  california  90069  us  canada  800  9988980  514  3338980  2329  rue  guenette  montreal,  quebec  h4r  2e9
__label__logisticstracking increased  connectivity  is  everywhere,  as  technology  companies  manufacture  everything  from  heating  systems  to  refrigerators,  and  render  them  smart  and  internetready.  in  the  same  light,  are  far  more  than  just  a  facility  in  which  to  store  inventory.  leveraging  and  the  latest  supply  chain  management  technologies,  a  smart  warehouse  can  now  boost  productivity,  efficiency  and  speed  throughout  the  supply  chain.  from  sensors  to  wearables  and  smart  equipment,  the  internetenabled  technology  and  devices  can  positively  impact  the  .  billions  of  iotenabled  systems  will  be  in  circulation  within  the  next  few  years,  and  the  impression  they  will  have  on  how  companies  control  and  distribute
__label__logisticstracking orders  is  likely  to  be  substantial,  say  industry  experts  at  .  internet  of  things  is  intelligence  personified.  connecting  devices  at  your  home  or  office  seamlessly  iot  is  also  proficient  at  connecting  devices  that  may  not  be  classically  associated  with  information  technology.  this  creates  a  treasure  trove  of  data  and  in  the  instance  of  inventory  management,  enables  the  creation  of  smart  warehouses.  a  smarter,  productive  and  accurate  way  to  manage  warehouses  utilises  the  scalability  and  dependability  as  offered  by  the  internet  of  things  technology.  with  iot,  every  item  processed  is  tracked  and  recorded  on  inventory  management  systems  throughout  the  procedure.  products
__label__logisticstracking can  be  easily  located  by  id  numbers  irrespective  of  where  they  are,  and  if  they  are  inbounding  as  part  of  a  shipment  or  are  on  their  way  to  a  customers  doorstep.  today,  cloudbased  inventory  systems  are  the  most  used  techniques  in  warehouses,  allowing  inventory  management  systems  to  give  organisations  better  visibility  into  their  own  inventory  levels,  item  location,  forecast  demand,  expiration  dates  and  more.  the  products  usually  have  a  barcode  label  or  a  ,  so  that  they  can  be  scanned  and  identified  by  the  connected  systems.  with  the  introduction  of  iot  in  warehouse  management,  the  ability  to  track  and  communicate
__label__logisticstracking with  products  will  significantly  increase.  rfid  tags  will  now  hold  more  information  about  an  object  and  will  be  proficient  at  communicating  that  information  to  an  inventory  system.  rfid  tags  will  be  built  into  items,  which  can  precisely  send  data  about  temperature,  traffic,  damage  to  the  object,  weather  and  much  more.  internet  of  things  is  poised  to  rejuvenate  the  global  delivery  and  logistics  industry,  relieving  undue  stresses  that  are  building  up  due  to  nonstrategic  management,  and  impacting  the  companies,  retailers  and  consumers  alike.  additionally,  iot  also  has  a  progressive  role  to  play  in  other  related  industrial  verticals  as  well.  conclusively,  iot
__label__logisticstracking vendors  are  stepping  into  an  era  of  tremendous  opportunities,  provided  they  are  aware  of  and  are  reactive  to  the  changing  market  dynamics.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those
__label__logisticstracking who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__logisticstracking famous  american  philosophergeorge  carlin  did  a  brilliant  .  he  rightly  contended  that  we  just  spend  our  lives  moving  and  acquiring  our  stuff,  and  a  house  is  just  a  pile  of  your  stuff  with  a  cover  on  it.  companies  that  are  in  the  business  of  making  and  selling  stuff  have  to  be  able  to  track  what  could  amount  to  millions  of  widgets  until  they  can  unload  their  stuff  onto  someone  else.  there  are  plenty  of  out  there  using  artificial  intelligence  to  help  retailers  be  more  efficient  peddling  stuff.  for  example,  a  company  called  uses  machine  learning  algorithms  to  crunch  data,  including
__label__logisticstracking sales  and  local  weather  forecasts,  to  help  stores  reduce  outofstock  rates  of  stuff  while  boosting  profits  so  they  can  sell  more  stuff.  collecting  data  is  at  the  core  of  these  various  supply  chain  solutions,  and  the  means  that  we  can  now  not  only  track  stuff  but  learn  all  about  each  widget  its  location,  condition,  status,  astrological  sign  through  the  nternet  f  hings  .  lets  explore  an  iot  inventory  management  solution  from  one  company  that  recently  raised  additional  funding.  silicon  valleybased  startup  cloudleaf  has  developed  an  iot  inventory  management  system  that  promises  realtime  visibility  and  insights  into  every  part  of  the
__label__logisticstracking supply  chain  of  stuff  using  a  sophisticated  sensor  network  and  machine  learning.  founded  in  2014,  the  company  has  raised  a  total  of  ,  including  a  26  million  series  b  last  month  that  included  investors  like  intel.  cloudleaf  will  take  the  latest  infusion  of  funds  and  do  the  usual  sort  of  things  that  rapidly  growing  companies  hungry  to  monopolize  market  share  do:  expand  its  footprint  geographically  in  sectors  ranging  from  manufacturing  to  pharmaceutical.  in  other  words,  salespeople,  dust  off  your  cvs,  youve  got  some  selling  to  do.  cloudleaf  offers  a  range  of  sensors  as  part  of  its  sensor  fabric,  an  intelligent
__label__logisticstracking mesh  of  edge  devices  that  collect  data  for  the  everhungry  ai  algorithms.  credit:  cloudleaf  cloudleaf  calls  its  iot  network  of  sensors  and  gateways  the  sensor  fabric.  each  node  or  edge  device  within  the  intelligent  mesh  generates  a  unique  digital  fingerprint  that  provides  a  ton  of  information  about  each  moving  part  of  the  supply  chain,  such  as  location,  temperature,  and  even  more  subtle  signals  such  as  vibration  giving  sex  toy  manufacturers  an  additional  layer  of  quality  control  as  well  .  that  constant  stream  of  data  billions  of  data  points  are  streamed  to  the  cloud.  thats  where  the  magic  happens,  as  the
__label__logisticstracking information  is  stored,  organized,  and  processed  in  order  to  provide  actionable  insights  from  datahungry  algorithms.  cloudleaf  control  center.  credit:  cloudleaf  the  third  leg  in  the  cloudleaf  system,  above,  is  the  control  center  that  monitors  the  health  of  the  entire  system,  such  as  sensor  battery  life  or  connectivity  issues.  now  we  want  to  know  whats  the  value  in  tracking  stuff  at  such  a  granular  level.  cloudleaf  measures  the  success  of  its  platform  through  what  it  calls  the  cloudleaf  visibility  index  and,  yes,  thats  trademarked,  for  you  piratical  mbas  out  there  .  theres  even  a  explaining  the  whole  concept  behind  the  loudleaf
__label__logisticstracking isibility  ndex  ,  but  well  save  you  some  time  and  give  you  the  cliffsnotes  version:  the  cvi  is  the  number  of  data  points  collected  in  realtime  against  the  number  of  actual  opportunities  where  data  could  be  captured.  basically,  its  a  percentage  of  how  little  or  how  much  data  a  company  is  collecting  throughout  its  supply  chain.  cloudleafs  iot  inventory  management  platform  provides  visibility  throughout  the  supply  chain.  credit:  cloudleaf  cloudleaf  contends  that  most  companies  are  failing  in  the  sense  that  they  only  capture  about  20  on  average.  the  closer  you  can  get  to  100  means  improving  supply  chain  visibility  and
__label__logisticstracking realizing  a  return  on  investment  by  as  much  as  70x  in  the  first  year.  lets  take  a  look  at  a  couple  of  case  studies  to  understand  how  all  of  this  works.  a  biotech  company  with  more  than  80  blood  plasma  donor  centers  needs  to  ensure  bottles  of  bodily  fluids  remain  at  certain  temperatures.  of  course,  there  are  times  when  pallets  are  left  sitting  in  the  midday  sun  as  all  that  stuff  is  shifted  around.  cloudleaf  is  able  to  monitor  the  location,  temperature,  and  condition  of  each  asset  in  realtime,  providing  a  meticulous  record  for  government  bureaucrats  while  at  the  same
__label__logisticstracking time  reducing  spoilage  and  the  need  to  retest  samples.  that  resulted  in  serious  savings  in  lost  inventory  and  compliance.  in  another  case,  an  automotive  supplier  needed  to  track  up  to  two  million  containers  across  more  than  130  facilities  throughout  the  united  states.  each  container  in  circulation  costs  200,  with  about  10  loss  of  visibility  at  any  given  time.  obviously,  knowing  the  status  and  location  of  every  container  improves  workflow  by  managing  things  like  excess  bin  inventory.  youre  probably  thinking:  thats  brilliant.  why  hasnt  anyone  else  thought  of  this?  well,  cloudleaf  isnt  entirely  inventing  a  new  concept.  lots  of  supply  chain
__label__logisticstracking experts  have  been  singing  well,  writing  the  praises  of  ,  particularly  in  for  the  last  few  years.  you  probably  wouldnt  be  surprised  that  king  of  warehousing,  amazon  ,  offers  its  own  range  of  through  mazon  eb  ervices  ,  from  to  all  backed  by  the  ecommerce  giants  prodigious  ai  capabilities.  while  aws  doesnt  explicitly  offer  iot  inventory  management,  that  would  seem  to  be  the  next  logical  step  in  amazons  march  toward  ecommerce  hegemony.  another  publicly  traded  company  that  may  be  pretty  close  to  a  pure  play  on  the  theme  of  iot  inventory  management  is  zebra  technologies  .  the  50yearold  company  sports
__label__logisticstracking a  10  billion  market  cap  and  had  sales  of  more  than  1  billion  in  the  second  quarter  alone,  with  124  million  in  net  income,  which  was  about  77  better  than  a  year  ago.  zebras  core  business  is  supply  chain  visibility  in  a  variety  of  industries,  from  manufacturing  to  healthcare.  it  produces  both  hardware,  such  as  barcode  scanner  and  rfid  tags,  and  software  for  tracking  stuff.  in  the  last  couple  of  years,  zebra  introduced  a  new  platform  called  savanna  that  should  sound  pretty  familiar  by  now:  savanna  is  comprised  of  iot  endpoint  connectivity,  configuration  management,  data  transport,  data  storage,  analytics  and
__label__logisticstracking machine  learning  components.  zebra  has  opened  up  the  platform  for  partner  developers  to  create  other  applications  for  turning  all  of  the  delicious  data  from  iot  sensors  and  other  hardware  used  by  zebra  and  thirdparty  vendors  into  insights  for  its  customers,  which  include  not  just  retailers  and  manufacturers  but  hospitals  and  even  sports  teams.  zebra  smartlens  provides  visibility  into  retail  inventory  through  an  iot  network  that  uses  other  devices  and  ai  for  insights.  one  of  its  specific  solutions  on  the  savanna  platform  includes  smartlens  for  retail,  which  turns  an  entire  store  into  a  smart  store  that  automatically  senses  and  records  the
__label__logisticstracking location  and  movement  of  virtually  everything  in  the  store.  that  includes  not  just  stuff  but  employees  and  customers,  which  not  only  eliminates  embarrassing  outofstocks  and  overstocks,  but  helps  prevent  customers  from  using  unauthorized  fivefingered  discounts.  another  solution  called  smartpack  trailer  uses  3d  sensors  with  rgb  imaging  technology  and  analytics  to  ensure  every  load  that  makes  it  onto  those  is  loaded  as  efficiently  and  as  safely  as  possible.  the  internet  of  things  is  rapidly  growing  into  a  universe  comprised  of  billions  of  connected  sensors  and  devices  that  constantly  stream  data.  artificial  intelligence  can  take  those  billion  bytes  of  data  and  tell
__label__logisticstracking you  exactly  what  has  happened  to  your  stuff  at  the  corner  convenience  store  in  timbuktu.  companies  like  cloudleaf  and  zebra  technologies  are  finding  use  cases  across  industries  where  being  able  to  track  the  location  and  status  of  every  widget  can  prevent  loss,  damage,  and  even  fraud.  thats  the  sort  of  stuff  that  saves  customers  money  and  earns  you  the  confidence  of  investors  and  shareholders.  published:  september  12,  2019  let  us  keep  you  in  the  loop  once  a  week  or  so.
__label__logisticstracking written  by  today,  more  than  ever,  consumers  drive  the  shopping  experience.  shoppers  may  browse  online  while  walking  through  the  aisles  of  a  physical  store.  or  they  may  buy  an  item  online  but  then  return  it  to  the  store  later.  all  the  while,  they  expect  a  seamless  experience.  iot  inventory  management  plays  a  key  role  in  making  it  happen.  as  consumer  demands  evolve,  retailers  must  incorporate  technology  in  innovative  ways  to  meet  customer  expectations  while  expanding  profit  margins.  increasingly,  businesses  are  turning  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  streamline  inventory  management,  providing  visibility  and  flexibility  throughout  the  supply  chain.  smart
__label__logisticstracking retailers  reach  out  to  customers  through  multiple  channels,  offering  a  unified  experience  from  physical  storefront  to  web  site  to  social  media.  for  example,  consumers  have  grown  to  expect  the  ability  to  begin  a  purchase  online  and  complete  the  process  instore.  providing  that  option  poses  new  challenges  for  retailers.  as  multichannel  commerce  becomes  the  norm,  retailers  need  clear  visibility  into  the  supply  chain.  they  need  to  know  exactly  where  products  are  available,  with  the  capacity  to  supply  the  right  product  at  the  right  time  in  the  right  place.  this  requires  a  high  degree  of  inventory  accuracy  and  the  ability  to  predict
__label__logisticstracking demand.  recent  studies  show  retail  inventory  accuracy  at  roughly  65  percent,  indicating  significant  revenue  loss  due  to  outofstocks  and  overstocks.  using  connected  technology  such  as  rfid  tags  and  smart  shelves,  retailers  can  boost  both  accuracy  and  profit.  to  stay  competitive,  businesses  must  move  away  from  traditional  manual  inventory  that  falls  outofdate  almost  immediately.  a  multichannel  retailer  needs  to  know  the  number  and  location  of  items  in  real  time.  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  provides  that  capability.  like  barcodes,  rfid  tags  allow  tracking  of  individual  items  across  the  supply  chain.  however,  rfid  tags  provide  more  detailed  information,  are  less  likely  to  get  damaged
__label__logisticstracking and  eliminate  human  error.  more  frequent  inventory  tracking  can  boost  accuracy  rates  to  over  90  percent.  betting  on  connected  technology,  macys  department  store  embarked  on  an  ambitious  experiment.  by  the  end  of  2018,  the  retail  giant  intends  to  use  rfid  to  track  every  item  in  its  physical  stores  and  fulfillment  centers.  halfway  through  the  experiment,  macys  already  reports  significant  improvement  in  both  inventory  accuracy  and  sales  volume.  multichannel  retailers  shuffle  inventory  through  a  variety  of  fulfillment  centers  and  brick  and  mortar  stores.  with  shoppers  more  frequently  buying  online  and  returning  instore,  items  can  easily  become  lost  in  the  system.  knowing
__label__logisticstracking where  an  item  is  at  any  given  time  is  critical  to  timely  order  fulfillment.  using  a  combination  of  rfid  technology  and  sensors,  stores  can  predict  and  quickly  respond  to  demand.  for  instance,  smart  shelves  instore  and  in  the  warehouse  can  track  the  number  of  a  specific  item  on  the  shelf.  sensors  can  determine  how  long  an  item  remains  on  the  floor.  all  this  connected  technology  generates  huge  amounts  of  data.  fortunately,  artificial  intelligence  can  process  that  data  far  faster  than  humans  can,  finding  patterns  and  anticipating  demand.  an  item  returned  at  one  location  can  be  quickly  located  and  rerouted  to
__label__logisticstracking the  location  where  demand  is  the  highest.  while  iot  inventory  management  promises  greater  supply  chain  visibility  and  proven  gains  in  inventory  accuracy,  retailers  need  to  plan  carefully  to  optimize  their  return  on  investment.  rfid  tags  and  scanners  can  prove  costly,  and  data  is  only  useful  with  effective  analytics.  with  the  assistance  of  seasoned  ,  retailers  can  explore  their  options  and  determine  where  they  might  benefit  most  from  implementing  with  technology  to  improve  inventory  management.  tags:  ,  ,  emazzanti  technologies  is  all  about  delivering  powerful  solutions  in  the  most  efficient  manner  possible.  the  hoboken,  n.j.,  firm  provides  it  consulting  services  for
__label__logisticstracking im  sure  youve  heard  the  example  of  the  fridge  telling  you  that  youre  out  of  milk  and  ordering  it  for  you.  thanks  to  iot.  internet  of  things  iot  the  buzzword  has  been  around  for  quite  some  and  is  set  to  change  the  face  of  almost  all  business  sectors  including  .  iot  has  become  the  catchall  phrase  for  machineto  machine  interaction  where  sensors  and  devices  communicate  with  each  other  via  the  internet,  receive  and  transmit  data.  on  the  outset  it  might  sound  very  simple.  but  if  you  take  the  example  of  ai  combined  with  machines  to  gather  data  and  learn  meaningful
__label__logisticstracking insights,  its  quite  amazing.  the  dynamic  customer  preferences  demand  that  retailers  and  sellers  become  perceptive.  this  means  they  have  to  make  decisions  regarding  inventory,  stock  levels,  production,  and  distribution  swiftly.  iot  and  its  applications  in  inventory  management  promise  a  multitude  of  benefits  for  retailers.  capturing  realtime  data  will  become  even  more  easier  and  swifter;and  hence  enabling  accurate  demand  forecasting,  wellinformed  inventory  planning  and  drift  away  from  old  methods  that  relied  majorly  on  past  data  analysis.  the  2015  global  shopping  survey  states  that  96  of  retailer  are  ready  to  bring  iot  devices  into  their  operations  in  the  hope  that  it  will
__label__logisticstracking help  them  track  stock  levels  and  better  analyse  the  heap  of  customer  data  an  area  which  often  proves  to  be  the  achilles  heels  of  most  businesses.  omnichannel  is  undoubtedly  the  future  of  retail.  to  achieve  success  in  omnichannel,  transparency  and  accuracy  in  inventory  management  systems  are  essential.  in  this  age  of  omnichannel  shopping,  customers  check  out  an  item  online  and  go  to  the  nearest  store  to  have  a  look.  they  go  back  online  in  search  of  the  best  discounts  and  deals.  in  such  a  situation,  the  actual  sale  of  the  product  might  occur  both  online  or  instore.  keeping  this  in
__label__logisticstracking mind,  retailers  must  be  prepared  for  both,  with  adequate  inventory  to  facilitate  smooth  sellingpun  intended.  walmart  has  developed  robots  for  better  efficiency  and  customer  service,  whereas  us  retailer  kroger  utilises  sensors  in  containers  to  keep  track  of  goods  on  the  move.  lack  of  visibility  into  realtime  inventory  is  problematic  for  both  the  business  and  the  customer.  if  shoppers  like  and  add  an  item  to  the  cart,  but  find  it  is  out  of  stock  at  checkout,  they  are  likely  to  abandon  their  cart  in  annoyance.  to  avoid  this  disconnect,  sellers  need  to  show  the  shoppers  the  realtime  stock  count  for  every
__label__logisticstracking product.  that  way  if  a  product  is  going  out  of  stock,  shoppers  might  quickly  snatch  it  up.  also,  with  realtime  tracking,  you  can  also  keep  customers  updated  as  to  when  an  item  is  expected  to  be  available  again.  thats  where  iot  comes  into  the  picture.  while  barcodes  were  used  before,  iot  enabled  rfid  tagging  and  sensors  will  make  traditional  asset  tracking  more  sophisticated.  they  can  provide  realtime  monitoring  of  item  location,eliminating  time  gaps  between  scanning  stations  in  the  warehouse.  rfid  tags  can  also  also  track  exact  location  of  shipments,  while  taking  into  account  external  factors  such  as  weather  conditions  and
__label__logisticstracking traffic.  it  can  combine  this  data  to  anticipate  an  accurate  eta.  american  apparel  uses  rfid  and  data  analytics  to  improve  inventory  management.  iot  sensors  can  update  companies  on  the  consumption  and  need  of  resources  such  as  gas,  lubricants,  electricity,  office  supplies,  paper.  this  type  of  tracking  reduces  need  for  personnel,  saving  labour  costs  for  the  company.  data  analysts  can  use  information  from  sensors  and  use  it  to  suggest  resources  and  energysaving  options.  iot  also  brings  with  it  a  host  of  other  realtime  functionalities.  data  gathered  from  beacons,  tags,  sensors  can  be  used  to  understand  consumer  behaviour,  consumption  patterns  all  in
__label__logisticstracking realtime.  with  the  help  of  realtime  inventory  analytics,  businesses  have  greater  ,  they  can  make  better  informed  decisions,  while  taking  stock  of  deficiencies  in  their  inventory  management  model.  amazons  dash  button  is  a  device  looking  to  revolutionize  how,  when  and  where  we  buy  products.  by  adopting  iot,  retailers  are  able  to  become  experience  based  retailers.  they  combine  the  online  and  offline  store  experience  and  turn  the  store  into  a  place  of  entertainment.  customers  are  able  to  have  exceptional  shopping  experience  thanks  to  the  use  of  virtual  reality  in  trials,  augmented  reality  and  robots  as  shopping  assistance.  iot  provides  the  opportunity
__label__logisticstracking to  connect  both  things  and  people.  this  gives  retailers  a  chance  to  anticipate  consumer  behavior,  which  products  and  stores  are  performing  and  how  to  engage  with  existing  and  new  customers.  inside  the  warehouse,  iot  sensors  can  provide  vital  information  to  retailers  about  customer  desires  and  needs.  for  example,  iot  sensors  can  be  used  to  alert  instore  personnel  when  the  stock  is  running  low  on  a  particular  product.  using  consumer  consumption  patterns  and  local  demographics,  data  analytics  can  help  you  predict  the  amount  of  stock  needed  at  a  specific  store.  sales  managers  and  warehouse  experts  can  also  see  what  is  the
__label__logisticstracking peak  time  in  a  day  or  which  weekday  generates  the  most  sales,  enabling  them  to  anticipate  future  inventory  demands.  all  in  all,  iot  innovations  afford  managers  a  more  holistic,  efficient  and  streamlined  approach  to  tracking  inventory.  packaging  and  labelling  giant  avery  dennison  is  using  iot  sensors  to  track  upto  10  billion  items.  the  capacity  to  view,  track,  monitor,  and  update  inventory  will  receive  a  huge  leap  with  the  implementation  of  iot  technology  in  inventory  management.  inefficiencies  in  the  supply  chain  will  be  exposed  faster,  giving  supply  chain  managers  an  opportunity  to  fix  errors  swiftly  and  improve  on  the  system.  although
__label__logisticstracking efficient  inventory  management  is  the  key  to  retail  success.  efficiency  means  having  just  the  right  amount  of  inventory  not  too  much  and  not  too  little.  inventory  adequacy  is  of  utmost  importance  in  the  era  of  omnichannel,  whichis  indisputably  the  future  of  retail.  to  achieve  omnichannel  success,  transparency  and  accuracy  in  inventory  management  systems  are  imperative.  omnichannel  allows  customers  to  look  at  an  item  online,  and  then  proceed  to  the  nearest  store  to  look  at  it.  they  canthen  again  check  their  mobile  phones  for  the  best  possible  deals.  more  and  morestores  now  offer  buy  online  and  pick  up  instoreoptions.  as  a
__label__logisticstracking result  of  these  choices,  the  actual  sale  may  happen  instore  or  onlineand  retailers  need  to  prepare  for  both  scenarios.  lack  of  visibility  into  realtime  inventory  poses  a  problem  for  not  only  your  customer  but  for  your  business  as  well.  when  shoppers  add  an  item  to  their  cart  and  then  find  that  it  is  out  of  stock  at  checkout,  they  will  abandon  their  cart  and  be  annoyed  with  your  store.  to  prevent  this,  online  retailers  need  to  show  shoppers  the  stock  availability  for  each  product.  by  doing  this  you  have  another  added  advantage  shoppers  have  a  tendency  to  quickly  snap  up
__label__logisticstracking a  product  if  they  find  that  its  going  out  of  stock.  on  the  other  hand,  if  you  are  out  of  stock,  realtime  inventory  visibility  makes  it  possible  for  you  to  tell  your  customers  how  soon  they  can  expect  the  particular  product  to  be  available  again.  a  study  by  zebra  technologies  states  that  enabled  by  automation,  sensors,  and  analytics  based  on  iot  technologies.  the  same  study  claims  that  nearly  96  of  retail  decision  makers  are  ready  to  make  changes  required  to  adopt  iot  and  67  of  respondents  have  already  implemented  iot  and  another  26  are  planning  to  deploy  within  a  year.according
__label__logisticstracking to  the  industry  inventory  accuracy  hovers  at  about  65.  this  percentage  needs  to  be  higher  to  achieve  retail  success.  utilizing  rfid  platforms  can  boost  inventory  accuracy  to  95,  while  outofstocks  can  be  reduced  by  60  to  80  with  itemlevel  rfid  tagging.  rfid  tagging  also  has  the  added  benefit  of  being  an  efficient  antitheft  mechanism.  with  their  pulse  on  the  future,  stores  like  target  and  macys  have  already  begun  investing  heavily  into  rfid.  the  iot  offers  much  more  than  rfid  and  beacons.  it  also  brings  with  it  a  host  of  realtime  analytical  capabilities.  data  gathered  from  sensors,  devices  and  even  social
__label__logisticstracking mediacan  be  integrated  with  cloudbased  business  intelligence  systems.  this  helps  retailers  gainindepth  insights  into  customer  behaviour,  that  too  in  realtime.  with  realtime  inventory  analysis  and  insights,  your  business  can  move  forward  from  just  keeping  track  of  erroneous  inventory  management  decisions  to  foreseeing  inventory  issues  before  they  turn  into  major  problems.  inventory  analysis  can  be  used  to  enhance  material  resource  planning  systems  by  turning  them  into  proactive  tools.  being  cloudbased,  it  is  affordable  and  rapidly  executable.  it  is  estimated  that  iot  powered  realtime  inventory  management  systems  can  soon  help  retailers  figure  out  perhaps  that  is  why  almost  96  of  retail  decision
__label__logisticstracking right  now,  cloudbased  inventory  systems  are  able  to  track  items  in  realtime.  products  usually  have  either  an  rfid  tag  or  barcode  label  so  they  can  be  scanned  and  identified  by  the  system.  currently,  this  is  how  systems  are  able  toprovide  visibility  into  levels,  expiration  dates,  item  location,  demand,  and  more.  with  the  iot,  the  ability  to  track  and  communicate  with  products  will  greatly  increase.  for  example,  tags  will  hold  more  info  about  an  object,  and  communicate  that  to  an  inventory  system.  builtin  rfid  tags  cansend  info  about  temperature,  weather,  damage  to  the  object,  traffic,  etc.  builtin  gps  location  allowsyou  to
__label__logisticstracking know  exactly  where  every  item  is.  every  object  will  have  its  own  unique  identifier.  as  a  result,  you  will  be  able  to  pinpoint  each  and  every  item  or  piece  of  equipment.  this  will  greatly  decrease  shrink,  stock  shortages,  overstocks.  also,  you  can  better  identify  which  areas  are  efficient  and  which  are  not.  for  example,  are  shipments  getting  stuck  in  traffic  at  a  certain  time  of  day?  are  items  selling  better  at  certain  locations?  perhaps  there  are  certain  processes  that  are  damaging  items.  do  you  know  much  food  spoils  on  each  shipment?  well,  iot  can  answer  all  these  questions  and  more.
__label__logisticstracking the  ability  to  view,  track,  and  monitor  inventory  will  improve  enormously  with  the  iot.  inefficiencies  thatyou  never  noticed  will  become  simple  to  spot  and  take  action  on.  although  still  in  an  early  stage,  the  iot  carries  enormous  potential  for  both  consumer  and  company.  smart  tag  is  a  battery  powered  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  enabled  wireless  sensor  device.  the  smart  tag  monitors  equipment,  temperature,  light,  door  open/close,  and  movement  and  retains  these  in  its  internal  memory  for  later  retrieval.  smart  tag  is  easy  to  install  and  can  be  installed  in  less  than  5  minutes.  any  ble/  ibeacon  enabled  mobile  application  can
__label__logisticstracking detect  all  smart  tag  enabled  cdes  in  a  50  feet  radius.  the  smart  hub,  smart  core  or  virtual  hub  can  collect  this  data  on  proximity  and  upload  to  our  cloud  platform  for  processing.  smartvision  can  be  configured  when  or  on  which  events  pictures  are  to  be  taken.  pictures  are  compressed  for  transmission  and  finally  processed  in  the  backend.  image  analysis  technology  incorporated  in  the  smart  platform  converts  the  pictures  into  valuable  analytical  data.  image  analysis  technology  identifies  each  product  visible  in  the  image  and  segments  the  information  to  provide  detailed  planogram  analysis.  this  information  includes  sku  identification  at  each  individual
__label__logisticstracking position  on  each  shelf.  hence  this  information  can  be  used  to  identify  purity,  out  of  stocks,  shelf  voids  and  planogram  analysis,  relieving  business  developers  from  frequent  store  visits.  further,  this  information  can  be  aggregated  easily  at  levels  such  as  store,  territory,  store  type,  product,  product  category  and  so  on.  smarthub  is  an  ac  powered  device  that  collects  and  manages  data  from  wireless  and  wired  sensors,  handles  communications  functions,  and  interfaces  with  the  backend  cloud  platform.  the  device  is  a  gsm  enabled  iot  gateway  that  connects  ble  based  iot  edge  devices  to  the  cloud  by  acting  as  a  near  real  time
__label__logisticstracking explore  how  iot  can  be  used  to  solve  your  inventory  management  problems  and  challenges  smart  warehouses  on  it  brick  and  mortar  stores  the  versatility  of  iot  is  its  biggest  strength  analyzing  the  data  can  be  a  challenge  conclusion  bryan  christiansen  is  the  founder  and  ceo  at  limble  cmms.  limble  is  a  modern,  easy  to  use  mobile  that  takes  the  stress  and  chaos  out  of  maintenance  by  helping  managers  organize,  automate,  and  streamline  their  maintenance  operations.  subscribe  to  our  email  newsletter  were  not  around  right  now.  but  you  can  send  us  an  email  and  well  get  back  to  you,  asap.
__label__logisticstracking traditional  retails  evolution  over  the  past  decade  has  been  driven  by  digital  technology,  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning,  big  data,  and  the  internet  of  things  iot.  the  latter  is  forecasted  to  be  deployed  by  by  2021,  as  iot  continues  to  penetrate  the  retail  market.  iot  applications  are  what  allows  retailers  to  raise  productivity,  improve  customer  experience,  reduce  costs,  and  increase  sales.  frontier  economics  estimated  that  increasing  m2m  connections  by  10  would  generate  a  2.26  trillion  increase  in  the  us  gdp  alone.  forwardthinking  retailers  are  already  reaping  the  benefits  of  deploying  iot  use  cases  in  retail.  according  to  oracles  report
__label__logisticstracking the  impact  of  emerging  technology  on  cx  excellence,  thus,  retail  continues  its  inevitable  shift  toward  iot.  peoples  shopping  experiences  are  being  completely  transformed  by  that  allows  retailers  to  track  customer  behavior  and  collect  personal  data  on  a  daily  basis.  sensors  located  in  the  stores  and  even  in  the  clothes  themselves  gather  swaths  of  data  that  can  be  very  advantageous  for  retailers.  processing  and  analyzing  this  data  offers  retail  stores  new  opportunities  to  improve  their  strategies  and  productivity.  here  are  a  few  competitive  advantages  that  stores  gain  by  applying  iot.  iot  use  cases  in  retail  are  already  enhancing  the  brickandmortar  experience
__label__logisticstracking by  gathering  and  implementing  insights  into  customers  data.  this  is  achieved  by  making  use  of  data  from  surveillance  cameras,  social  media,  and  mobile  devices,  which  allows  retailers  to  better  predict  consumer  behavior  and  wishes.  the  value  for  customers  is  clear:  the  relevant  advertising  and  personalized  offers  they  receive  are  no  longer  annoying  and  actually  deliver  savings.  the  research  by  oracle  cited  above  found  that  50  of  current  iot  users  report  better  insight  into  their  customers  needs  and  preferences.  it  also  found  that  47  were  now  able  to  provide  a  better  and  more  differentiated  customer  experience.  iot  use  cases  in  retail,
__label__logisticstracking such  as  rfid  tags  and  gps  sensors,  can  offer  a  complete  picture  of  the  movement  of  goodsfrom  manufacturing  to  the  stores  shelves  and  then  to  the  customer.  this  detailed  information,  such  as  the  time  an  item  spent  in  transit  or  its  storage  temperature,  can  be  analyzed  and  interacted  with  in  real  time.  this  has  proven  especially  useful  for  transporting  perishable  foods,  allowing  retailers  to  act  fast  when  faced  with  fluctuating  temperatures,  food  spoilages,  and  any  substantial  losses.  most  retail  stores  have  realized  the  potential  of  iot  to  vastly  improve  their  supply  chain  management,  which  is  likely  why  the  global  retail
__label__logisticstracking tech  spending  will  grow  3.6  to  reach  almost  203.6  billion  in  2019.  inventory  management  remains  a  headache  for  retailers.  inaccurate  inventory  tracking  can  cause  overstocking,  stockouts,  and  shrinkage,  leading  to  retailers  estimating  that  their  current  inventories  are  only  66  accurate.  but  iot  in  retail  can  automate  inventory  visibility,  thereby  solving  these  problems  for  good.  implementing  smart  inventory  management  systems  based  on  rfid  tags,  store  shelf  sensors,  beacons,  digital  price  tags,  and  video  monitoring  coupled  with  image  analysis  can  enhance  procurement  planning  at  every  level  of  the  supply  chain.  when  the  product  starts  to  run  out,  the  system  can  automatically  reorder
__label__logisticstracking the  necessary  items  based  on  iot  data  analytics.  with  iot,  employees  will  better  be  able  to  serve  customers  needs.  according  to  the  zebra  2019  shopper  vision  study,  55  of  customers  believe  digitallyequipped  associates  provide  a  better  instore  shopping  experience.  checkout  remains  one  of  the  most  laborintensive  retail  operations  and  an  unpleasant  process  for  customers.  if  a  store  is  overcrowded,  shoppers  often  decide  to  just  leave.  iot  solutions  offer  the  opportunity  to  automate  and  personalize  checkout.  the  improved  checkout  system  can  read  tags  on  each  item  as  customers  leave  and  automatically  charge  the  customers  mobile  payment  app.  this  personalization  can  lead
__label__logisticstracking to  increasing  revenue  for  the  store.  according  to  ,  83  of  customers  say  they  would  prefer  if  their  shopping  experience  was  personalized,  while  store  revenues  are  reported  to  increase  by  2030  through  effective  personalization.  iotbased  solutions  offer  actionable  insights  that  enable  new  business  models  for  retailers  and  increase  their  roi.  moving  from  words  to  deeds,  here  are  a  few  examples  of  how  iot  can  capture  new  revenue  opportunities.  an  industry  leader  in  accessible  luxury  handbags,  accessories,  footwear,  and  apparel,  rebecca  minkoff  has  installed  smart  mirrors  in  their  branded  domestic  retail  stores.  smart  mirrors  located  in  fitting  rooms  read  rfid  tags
__label__logisticstracking on  each  item  of  clothing  and  display  what  other  sizes  and  colors  are  available.  moreover,  smart  mirrors  demonstrate  how  the  item  can  be  styled  with  different  looks  and  suggest  other  items  based  on  what  a  customer  is  trying  on.  customers  can  simply  try  on  different  clothes  without  leaving  the  fitting  room,  while  retailers  receive  customer  preference  data  to  be  used  for  personal  promotions.  auchan,  an  international  retail  group,  continues  to  bear  fruit  after  implementing  beacons  in  its  hypermarkets  four  years  ago.  customers  visit  more  frequently  and  for  longer,  navigate  the  store  more  easily,  and  receive  deeply  personalized  offers.  auchans  goal
__label__logisticstracking was  to  better  understand  how  customers  move  around  its  31,000  m  hypermarkets  and  help  them  more  easily  find  the  products  they  need.  this  was  solved  with  beaconshardware  sensors  that  track  movement  and  transmit  data.  beacons  send  customers  wayfinding  notifications  on  a  special  map  on  their  mobile  devices.  simultaneously,  personalized  promotions  are  offered  as  they  move  through  the  store.  kroger,  the  largest  us  supermarket  chain  by  revenue,  installed  2,200  smart  shelves  in  its  supermarkets.  while  they  appear  to  be  normal  shelves,  theyre  equipped  with  rfid  tags  that  read  items  and  send  the  data  to  an  iot  system.  the  data  can  then
__label__logisticstracking be  stored,  formatted,  and  analyzed.  the  retailer  can  use  the  system  to  find  information  about  products  that  run  short,  while  shoppers  can  receive  product  information  when  they  touch  the  shelf  below  an  item.  in  addition,  krogers  smart  shelves  can  be  integrated  with  customers  digital  grocery  lists  so  that  they  light  up  when  an  item  on  the  list  is  nearby.  thus,  rfidequipped  smart  shelves  allow  the  retailer  to  constantly  improve  customer  service  in  real  time.  with  so  many  success  stories  and  benefits  offered  by  iot,  many  retailers  are  still  hesitant  to  invest  in  connected  technology  due  to  some  issues  of  concern
__label__logisticstracking and  possible  challenges.  these  will  have  to  be  addressed  in  order  to  completely  and  responsibly  integrate  iot  into  retail  operations.  one  of  iots  key  problems  is  security  and  privacy.  this  has  been  especially  acute  with  the  introduction  of  the  general  data  protection  regulation  gdpr  last  year.  while  access  to  customer  data  gives  retailers  many  opportunities,  at  the  same  time  it  opens  a  door  for  cyberattacks.  retailers  should  closely  collaborate  with  iot  software  developers  to  ensure  that  devices  and  sensors  used  in  retail  are  designed  with  strong  security  mechanisms:  endtoend  encryption,  secure  passwords,  regular  software  updates,  and  an  it  infrastructure  that
__label__logisticstracking constantly  scans  for  vulnerabilities.  most  retailers  lack  the  infrastructure  and  networks  to  deal  with  the  huge  volumes  of  iot  data.  in  order  to  make  their  stores  digital,  retail  companies  need  to  make  major  investments  in  robust  networks,  data  centers,  cloud  computing,  and  customerfacing  solutions  like  mpos,  barcode  scanners,  and  tablets.  when  it  comes  to  implementing  a  new  technology,  theres  no  need  to  fund  all  the  infrastructure  aspects  at  once.  retailers  could  start  with  small  changes,  like  using  iot  to  manage  air  conditioning  or  lighting  systems.  this  will  bring  nearterm  roi,  after  which  they  can  implement  more  sophisticated  iot  solutions,  such
__label__logisticstracking as  traffic  analytics.  without  question,  retailers  lack  of  relevant  qualifications  makes  timely  and  relevant  a  huge  challenge.  while  retail  employees  are  good  at  commercial  business,  they  simply  dont  possess  the  necessary  technical  skills  to  gain  valuable  insights  from  iot  systems.  retail  companies  can  manage  their  data  by  hiring  their  own  experts,  or  relying  on  third  parties  with  relevant  iot  qualifications,  training,  and  skills.  anticipating  each  of  these  challenges  will  make  retailers  iot  journey  a  profitable  investment,  offering  them  a  competitive  advantage  in  the  marketplace.  i  i  give  my  consent  for  itransition  to  process  my  personal  data  pursuant  to  in  order
__label__logisticstracking to  handle  my  request  and  respond  to  it  and  ii  agree  that,  due  to  the  international  presence  of  itransition,  such  processing  may  take  place  in  a  jurisdiction  different  from  my  home  jurisdiction.  i  am  aware  that  i  have  the  right  to  withdraw  my  consent  at  any  time.  i  i  give  my  consent  for  itransition  to  process  my  personal  data  pursuant  to  in  order  to  handle  my  request  and  respond  to  it  and  ii  agree  that,  due  to  the  international  presence  of  itransition,  such  processing  may  take  place  in  a  jurisdiction  different  from  my  home  jurisdiction.  i  am  aware  that  i
__label__logisticstracking if  you  dont  find  your  country/region  in  the  list,  see  our  .  at  its  most  basic,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  network  of  connected  physical  objects  embedded  with  sensors.  iot  allows  these  devices  to  communicate,  analyze  and  share  data  about  the  physical  world  around  us  via  networks  and  cloudbased  software  platforms.  in  the  case  of  retail,  the  things  can  include  rfid  inventory  tracking  chips,  traditional  instore  infrared  foottraffic  counters,  cellular  and  wifi  tracking  systems,  digital  signage,  a  kiosk,  or  even  a  customers  mobile  device.  key  applications  of  iot  for  retailers  include  supply  chain,  connected  consumer  and  smartstore  applications.
__label__logisticstracking in  particular,  lets  look  at  five  areas  where  retailers  are  taking  advantage  of  iot:  with  the  rapid  growth  of  online  shopping,  retailers  are  very  keen  to  bring  the  frictionless  customer  experience  of  online  shopping  into  the  store  wherever  they  can.  they  want  access  to  the  same  type  of  rich  data  and  highperformance  analytics  that  retailers  use  to  drive  websites  and  mobile  shopping  trips.  their  goal  is  to  have  that  same  limitless  control  to  craft  a  customer  experience  and  collect  detailed  data  to  help  them  predict  how  customers  will  shop.  the  differentiation  with  iot  will  come  from  a  retailers  ability  to
__label__logisticstracking on  iot  data  with  analytics.  it  wont  be  in  the  technology,  the  devices  or  the  iot  plumbing.  to  take  advantage  of  this  new  promising  area,  retailers  should  focus  on  iot  applications  that  better  serve  customers  and  create  value.  want  more  insights  from  sas?  or  check  back  often  to  get  on  the  topics  you  care  about,  including  analytics,  big  data,  data  management,  marketing,  risk  and  fraud.  feedback
__label__logisticstracking getty  images  amazons  freertos  vulnerable  to  attacks,  security  researchers  say  software  ag  to  integrate  eurotech  connectivity  technologies  cratedb  to  integrate  with  microsoft  azure  iot  hub  twilio  to  build  nbiot  developer  platform  for  tmobile  more  buzz  around  iot  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,
__label__logisticstracking with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage
__label__logisticstracking on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__logisticstracking according  to  cisco,  the  total  number  of  connected  devices  worldwide  will  rise  from  15  billion  to  50  billion  by  2020.  the  proliferation  of  iot  attracts  me  to  explore  it  more.  in  my  previous  blogs,  i  have  shared  with  you  all  a  general  overview  ofiot,  followed  by  its  security  threats  and  some  real  time  implementation.  today,  its  time  to  list  down  the  top  100  iot  use  cases  that  may  be  implemented  on  real  time.  check  out  use  casesiot  in  retailfor  more  information  inventory  management:management  of  warehouse  and  pharmacy  inventory  through  erp  integration  if  youd  like  us  to  contact  you,  please  fill
__label__logisticstracking by  what  goes  together  better  than  the  internet  and  food?  but  theres  more  to  this  delicious  combination  than  just  posting  photos  of  last  nights  meal  on  instagram.  continuing  our  theme  around  the  internet  of  things,  we  present  another  possibility  from  this  gamechanging  technology.  this  time,  it  is  a  use  case  on  iot  for  inventory  management.  in  this  blog  post,  were  going  to  use  ibm  bluemix  and  to  build  an  application  that  will  transform  any  dumb  kitchen  by  enabling  automatic  inventory  tracking.  youll  never  run  out  of  bacon  again  note:  this  post  was  originally  published  in  .  also  check  out  the
__label__logisticstracking to  keep  tab  on  your  home  kitchen  stock.  courtesy,  this  application  relies  on  sensing  the  weight  of  a  kitchen  storage  container  to  track  food  consumption.  this  data  can  provide  valuable  insights  around  consumption  patterns  and  help  chefs  predict  and  replenish  their  inventory  just  in  time.  there  are  three  components  of  this  application:  the  reference  architecture  of  the  entire  application  is  shown  below:  communication  between  the  components  of  this  application  is  handled  by  .  its  is  a  pythonbased  application  server  running  on  bluemix.  in  order  to  keep  track  of  the  inventory  records,  this  application  provisions  a  dashdb  instance,  which  is  ibms
__label__logisticstracking inhouse  data  warehousing  service  on  the  bluemix  cloud.  the  mobile  interface  is  a  javascriptbased  android  app.  the  hardware  is  powered  by  a  combination  of  and  .  for  sensing  the  weight  of  kitchen  storage  containers,  two  piezoelectric  are  used.  in  order  to  produce  the  desired  strain  for  determining  the  containers  weight,  the  load  cell  needs  to  be  mounted  between  two  flat  surfaces  such  as  plywood  with  the  help  of  the  two  threaded  holes  on  each  side  of  it.  once  mounted,  the  flat  surface  can  act  as  a  scale  for  measuring  the  weight  of  a  storage  container.  for  a  restaurant  or  large
__label__logisticstracking hotel,  tracking  kitchen  inventory  is  one  of  those  tasks  that  are  crucial  to  their  business.  it  can  be  quite  inefficient  and  error  prone  due  to  human  intervention.  in  such  cases,  having  such  inventory  tracking  application  makes  perfect  sense.  there  are  three  main  use  cases  for  this  application:  now  its  time  to  discuss  the  detailed  hardware,  software  setup  and  the  complete  functionality  of  this  inventory  management  system.  if  you  would  like  to  build  this  application  yourself,  then  you  can  access  the  complete  on  github.  all  the  steps  for  setting  up  and  building  the  projects  components  are  listed  in  the  file.  before
__label__logisticstracking building,  you  need  to  sign  up  with  ibm  bluemix  and  pubnub.  visit  the  and  to  create  your  respective  accounts.  both  services  offer  a  free  tier  account  to  play  around  with  their  offerings.  the  inventory  tracking  server  its  is  written  in  python  and  can  be  installed  as  an  ibm  bluemix  hosted  app.  ibm  bluemix  provides  the  computing  horsepower  for  the  its  to  monitor  hardware  devices  and  manages  automatic  inventory  tracking.  additionally,  you  will  need  to  associate  the  pubnub  service  with  your  bluemix  account  for  the  its  to  work  with  pubnub.  refer  to  these  to  understand  how  to  setup  and  host  a
__label__logisticstracking python  application  under  bluemix  with  pubnub.  as  noted  earlier,  the  source  code  for  its  is  located  under  the  directory  in  the  github  repository.  the  hardware  has  two  parts:  the  master  controller  plays  a  crucial  role  in  stabilizing  the  weight  value  of  the  containers.  this  is  to  avoid  sending  transient  or  spurious  weight  values  while,  for  example,  the  container  is  being  refilled  gradually.  the  schematic  diagram  of  the  sensor  controller  hardware  is  shown  below:  refer  to  these  steps  for  configuring  the  hardware.  the  source  code  for  setup  is  available  under  the  hardware  directory  for  the  sensor  controller  and  the  directory  for
__label__logisticstracking the  master  controller,  under  the  github  repository.  calibrate  the  load  cells  to  avoid  errors  is  weight  measurement.  the  mobile  app  is  a  standard  apache  cordova  based  android  app.  cordova  is  an  open  source,  crossplatform,  mobile  development  framework  based  on  standard  web  technologies,  such  as  html5,  css3  and  javascript.  among  other  features,  this  app  provides  the  user  with  a  visual  indication  of  the  current  container  level.  look  at  all  that  bacon  the  source  code  for  the  mobile  app  is  under  the  directory  in  the  github  repository.  steps  for  building  the  app  are  available  .  pubnub  acts  as  the  communication  middleware  for
__label__logisticstracking the  entire  system.  it  provides  a  cloudbased  realtime  data  stream  network  that  supports  over  ,  such  that  it  can  enable  any  device  to  communicate  with  any  other  device  on  the  internet.  this  application  uses  three  of  pubnubs  sdks  for  all  components  to  seamlessly  communicate  with  each  other.  they  are:  pubnub  uses  the  ubiquitous  publish/subscribe  mechanism  to  stream  data  in  realtime,  from  one  device  to  another.  this  is  achieved  by  the  use  of  channels  which  provide  a  secure  bidirectional  messaging  layer  between  the  devices.  this  application  uses  several  pubnub  channels  for  enabling  communication  between  the  hardware,  its  and  mobile  app.  refer
__label__logisticstracking to  this  to  learn  more  about  how  to  build  a  small  publish/subscribe  demo  using  pubnub.  note:  in  this  application,  we  have  used  pubnub  python  sdk  and  javascript  ,  both  of  which  are  being  retired  on  1st  july,  2017.  you  can  continue  to  use  the  source  code  as  long  as  you  install  the  older  3.x  version  of  the  libraries.  the  newer  version  is  4.x  and  it  is  not  compatible  with  3.x.  there  are  three  main  use  cases  for  this  application:  before  we  can  start  using  the  mobile  app  for  tracking  inventory,  we  need  to  perform  some  container  specific  settings  and  register
__label__logisticstracking them  with  the  server.  those  setting  are:  these  parameters  can  be  set  for  every  container.  once  submitted,  these  settings  are  sent  to  the  its  application  server  via  a  pubnub  channel.  once  the  container  settings  are  registered  with  the  its,  the  app  can  receive  current  weight  measurements  of  the  containers.  every  time  a  container  weight  changes,  either  due  to  consumption  or  replenishment,  the  application  performs  the  following  steps:  step  2  if  the  server  detects  that  there  has  been  an  increase  in  the  weight,  then  this  means  that  the  inventory  has  been  replenished  on  the  container.  in  this  case,  the  its  performs
__label__logisticstracking the  following  steps  this  use  case  is  also  an  alternative  flow  of  the  previous  use  case.  if  a  container  has  not  been  refilled  before  the  expiry  date,  then  the  its  can  sense  this  during  step  2  and  alert  the  user  whenever  it  detects  a  consumption  to  warn  against  expired  food.  in  this  case  the  sequence  of  steps  from  step  2  will  be  as  follows:  when  the  mobile  app  receives  the  notification  for  consumption  with  the  expiry  set  to  zero,  it  updates  the  container  icon  in  a  way  to  alert  the  user  that  the  inventory  being  consumed  has  expired.  the  its
__label__logisticstracking is  supported  by  a  backend  data  warehousing  service  powered  by  ibm  dashdb.  daily  inventory  data  for  consumption  and  replenishment  is  updated  on  dashdb  database  which  can  provide  some  basic  analytics  on  historical  inventory  usage  for  the  last  7  days.  to  display  the  historical  inventory  usage,  the  user  has  the  option  to  either  display  a  graph  or  a  table  by  tapping  on  the  graph  or  history  button.  the  request  is  honoured  by  its  by  sending  the  consumption  and  replenishment  data  in  two  separate  pubnub  channels.  the  flow  of  information  is  as  follows:  the  mobile  analytics  look  something  like  this:  this  application
__label__logisticstracking demonstrates  how  easily  one  can  leverage  iot  to  eliminate  human  intervention  and  automate  manual  processes.  for  a  restaurant  or  large  hotel,  this  can  make  a  big  difference.  a  further  enhancement  of  this  app  would  be  to  automatically  place  an  order  with  suppliers  when  inventory  falls  below  a  critical  level.  the  possibilities  are  endless,  and  with  ibm  bluemixs  state  of  the  art  data  warehousing  and  the  99.999  reliable  messaging  infrastructure  of  pubnub,  building  such  solutions  is  fast,  secure,  and  highly  scalable.  stay  tuned  for  more  demos  and  application  use  cases  using  ibm  bluemix  pubnub  data  stream  network  shyam  is  the  creatorinchief
__label__logisticstracking at  radiostudio.  he  is  a  technology  buff  and  is  passionate  about  bringing  forth  emerging  technologies  to  showcase  their  true  potential  to  the  world.  shyam  guides  the  team  at  radiostudio,  a  bunch  of  technoholiks,  to  imagine,  conceptualize  and  build  ideas  around  emerging  trends  in  information  and  communication  technologies.  understanding  raspberry  pi  uart  communication  iot  use  cases  for  accessibility  how  to  leverage  blockchain  iot  for  supply  chain  iot  testing  tools  methodologies  for  building  resilient  iot  platforms  kitchen  inventory  management  with  smart  jar  be  lined  with  rfid  tags  thus  helping  us  keep  track  of  the  stock.  the  groceries  will  be  mounted  on  pressure
__label__logisticstracking sensitive  platforms  that  will  automatically  send  a  notification  to  your  smart  phone  if  the  stock  is  be  lined  with  rfid  tags  thus  helping  us  keep  track  of  the  stock.  the  groceries  will  be  mounted  on  pressure  sensitive  platforms  that  will  automatically  send  a  notification  to  your  smart  phone  if  the  stock  is  low.  the  entire  radiostudio  is  technology  innovation  studio  specialized  in  conceptualizing  tech  enabled  ideas,  use  cases  solutions  using  emerging  technologies.  our  award  winning  services  have  delivered  some  of  the  best  technology  showcases  across  internet  of  things,  cloud  computing,  machine  learning,  blockchain  web  3.0  technologies.  follow  us  2015  2019,
__label__logisticstracking harness  the  power  of  a  connected  worker  solution  to  gain  realtime  visibility  into  worker  health  and  safety  it  has  always  been  a  big  challenge  to  ensure  field  workers  safety,  track  them  remotely  and,  achieve  better  regulatory  compliance.  industries  are  constantly  looking  to  execute  the  activities  of  an  industrial  or  field  worker  more  effectively  while  improving  efficiencies,  reducing  nonproductive  work  and  providing  a  safe  work  environment.  the  convergence  of  global  industrial  systems  with  advanced  technologies  like  wearables,  lowcost  sensors  and  data  analytics  not  only  connect  machinery  but  also  field  workers  including  laborers,  fire  fighters  and  mine  workers  with  a  centralized  system.
__label__logisticstracking an  iotenabled  connected  worker  solution  brings  monitoring  capabilities  to  the  next  level  that  make  workplaces  more  efficient,  transparent,  safe  and  productive.  ensure  a  better  working  environment  with  a  connected  industrial  worker  solution  connecting  the  industrial  workers,  in  addition  to  having  a  fullyconnected  system  has  now  become  a  feasible  solution  to  achieve  better  operational  efficiency  and  to  ensure  worker  safety  and  productivity.  along  with  connected  assets  and  machinery,  connected  workers  can  help  a  company  gain  better  regulatory  compliance  and  get  a  realtime  glance  at  worker  activity  and  health.  factory  managers  can  generate  and  analyze  reports  of  the  current  work  environment.  they
__label__logisticstracking can  also  get  alerts  in  case  of  critical  environmental  conditions.  to  monitor  the  efficiency  of  current  safety  procedures  and  policies  by  analyzing  the  information  gathered  by  multiple  sensors,  which  are  installed  in  the  system.  collects  and  stores  data  for  compliance  checks  in  order  to  prevent  hazardous  conditions.  the  data  collected  can  prove  to  be  handy  during  audits.  integration  of  project  management  software  with  human  capital  management  software  will  allow  companies  to  improve  workforce  wellness  and  to  keep  track  of  workforce  productivity.  track  workers  location  even  when  they  are  working  at  a  remote  location  and  get  realtime  triggers  if  a  worker
__label__logisticstracking crosses  the  predefined  geofence  area.  managers  and  workers  can  use  indoor  navigation  to  search  for  the  shortest  path  to  reach  a  particular  location.  this  can  be  extremely  useful  in  emergencies  and  during  evacuation.  monitor  and  analyze  workers  vitals  in  realtime  and  keep  a  record  of  their  health  reports  on  a  regular  basis.  you  can  also  see  what  personal  protective  equipment  ppe  any  worker  is  using  at  a  given  time.  managers  can  monitor  the  noise  level,  presence  of  radiation,  toxic  gas  level,  and  the  temperature  of  a  specific  location  and  also  receive  alerts  if  the  level  of  any  of  these  entities
__label__logisticstracking crosses  its  threshold  limit.  iotconnect  is  the  result  of  our  continued  dedication  to  help  companies  take  advantage  of  the  iot  revolution.  lets  discuss  your  idea  and  empower  your  business  to  do  much  more  with  internet  of  things.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  plano,  tx  75024  br  /span  stylecolor:3db3ea;phone  :/span  4696269333/span  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  elgin,  il  60124  br  /span  stylecolor:3db3ea;phone  :/span  8663457638  8663457638  iotconnect  is  a  product  of  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking hits  smart  iot  solutions  provide  a  secured  digital  transformation  to  your  business.  hits  mobile  app  is  compatible  with  all  mobile  devices  whether  its  windows,  android,  or  ios.  hits  hr  payroll  outsourcing  consultancy  service  over  azure  hits  hr  payroll  solution  fits  different  budgets  via  many  editions,  aligning  with  all  business  needs.  hits  is  always  keen  to  keep  customers  updated  with  the  latest  changes  occurring  in  the  tax  no  hardware,  no  software,  no  headaches  as  we  are  always  keeping  space  with  the  latest  technology,  hits  hrms  is  now  on  ms  cloud  services.  hits  has  officially  closed  a  very  huge  governmental  project  egyptian
__label__logisticstracking taxation  authority  we  are  thrilled  to  announce  that  hits  has  won  microsoft  2013  partner  of  the  year  award  first  of  all  hits  iot  people  tracking  solution  can  be  used  for  tracking  workers,  kids,  employees,  doctors  and  more.  more  over  you  can  control  the  productivity  of  your  business  by  tracking  the  utilization  of  working  hours  via  hits  worker  location  tracker  smart  iot  solution.  hits  people  tracking  iot  solution  helps  in  kids  tracking  in  the  crowded  areas  to  avoid  kidnapping.  more  over  people  tracking  iot  giving  the  parents  the  ability  to  know  where  their  children  are.  so  by  finding  a  new  solution
__label__logisticstracking rather  than  using  the  traditional  gps  tracker,  which  is  not  able  to  detect  the  location  in  a  multiple  floors  buildings.  hits  solution  will  be  able  to  identify  the  kids  location,  then  parents  will  monitor  their  kids  location  via  mobile  application  via  ble  technology.  even  more  beacons  will  collect  data  from  tags  and  send  it  to  the  server,  to  analyze  if  the  distance  between  the  two  points  exceeded  a  certain  threshold,  a  notification  will  be  sent  to  parents  or  security  guys  to  verify  the  location  of  the  kid.  check
__label__logisticstracking informationweek  is  part  of  the  informa  tech  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  the  privacy  concerns  raised  by  the  internet  of  things  iot  have  focused  mostly  on  the  consumer,  whose  personal  data  is  captured  in  a  growing  list  of  goods,  including  mobile  devices,  fitness  trackers,  cars,  and  home  appliances.  less  attention  has  been  paid  to  the  privacy  of  employees  interacting  with  iot  in  the  workplace.  for
__label__logisticstracking ample  reasons,  innovation  in  socalled  industrial  iot  iiot  is  projected  to  explode  in  coming  years.  with  the  latest  technologies,  companies  can  better  manage  and  track  their  inventory;  automatically  spot  and  service  equipment  failures;  create  safer  work  environments;  and  improve  employee  efficiency.  these  improvements  are  made  possible  through  realtime  communication  between  machines  with  software  that  collects  and  interprets  vast  amounts  of  data.  but  companies  investing  in  these  technologies  should  be  aware  of  potential  legalprivacy  risks  that  await.  even  if  its  not  their  primary  function,  many  iiot  applications  could  be  used  to  monitor  employees  in  unintended  ways.  use  of  such  data,  if
__label__logisticstracking its  not  obtained  properly,  could  damage  a  companys  reputation  or  put  it  on  the  defense  in  litigation.  take,  for  example,  sensors  that  some  industrial  companies  embed  in  employee  uniforms  and  helmets.  these  kinds  of  sensors  can  detect  hazardous  conditions  such  as  toxic  gases,  or  warn  of  overexertion  based  on  the  reading  of  an  employees  heartbeat.  or  consider  gpsenabled  devices  or  mobile  applications  that  permit  employers  to  track  the  precise  physical  location  of  workers  in  order  to  deploy  them  most  efficiently  to  new  work  assignments.  but  what  if  information  gleaned  from  these  devices  was  used  to  detect  patterns  about  an  employees
__label__logisticstracking movements,  which  could  be  used  to  draw  negative  conclusions  about  the  employees  efficiency  or  performance?  yet  an  employees  slow  pace  in  moving  between  work  stations,  or  frequent  departures  for  bathroom  breaks,  might  be  due  to  a  legally  protected  medical  condition  rather  than  laziness.  penalizing  the  employee  based  on  this  data  might  set  the  employer  up  for  a  disability  discrimination  claim.  similarly,  an  employer  may  face  whistleblower  or  retaliation  claims  if  a  manager  is  able  to  use  location  data  to  figure  out  which  employee  went  to  the  human  resources  office  to  lodge  a  complaint  about  him  or  her.  it  is  inevitable
__label__logisticstracking that  employers  will  seek  to  use  iot  data  to  better  manage  their  employees,  as  well  as  their  inventory  and  equipment,  but  employers  will  need  to  guard  against  inappropriate  or  even  unlawful  uses  of  this  data.  the  sensors  do  not  need  to  be  carried  by  the  employees  to  raise  potential  privacy  concerns.  in  a  connected  workplace,  data  about  employees  can  be  captured  in  any  number  of  ways.  sensors  connected  to  equipment  forklifts,  for  instance  could  provide  detailed  information  about  an  employees  movements.  again,  harvesting  and  using  this  data  could  open  up  a  pandoras  box.  unfortunately,  a  myth  persists  that  an  employees
__label__logisticstracking privacy  rights  end  the  moment  he  or  she  walks  through  an  employers  door.  the  reality  is  more  nuanced  in  the  united  states,  where  employees  can  and  do  bring  claims  against  their  employers  alleging  that  monitoring  activities  invade  their  privacy,  especially  when  the  monitoring  is  hightech  or  unexpected.  and  the  myth  is  fundamentally  wrong  in  places  outside  the  united  states,  such  as  in  europe,  which  views  privacy  as  a  fundamental  human  right  that  follows  employees  into  the  workplace  and  thus  imposes  broad  restrictions  for  monitoring  employees.  other  stakeholders  may  have  a  say  in  employee  monitoring  as  well.  unionized  employers  will  need
__label__logisticstracking to  consider  their  potential  obligations  to  consult  or  bargain  with  the  labor  unions  over  employee  monitoring  programs.  employers  will  also  need  to  assess  their  obligations  under  local  employment  laws  to  consult  with  works  councils  or  other  employee  representatives  and  potentially  to  register  with  or  even  seek  approval  from  local  data  protection  authorities  of  certain  employee  monitoring  activities.  employee  monitoring  activities  that  may  be  permissible  in  one  country  may  be  problematic  in  another,  so  it  is  important  to  consider  local  laws  and  practices.  to  reduce  the  risk  of  employee  claims  and  reputational  harm,  companies  should  keep  a  few  best  practices  in
__label__logisticstracking mind:  christine  e.  lyon  is  a  partner  with  morrison  foerster.  she  advises  organizations  on  cuttingedge  issues  related  to  the  collection,  use,  sharing,  and  safeguarding  of  data,  including  personal  information  of  customers  and  employees.  newest  first  copyright  2019  informa  plc  informa  uk  limited  is  a  company  registered  in  england  and  wales  with  company  number  1072954  whose  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london,  sw1p  1wg.
__label__logisticstracking loading  industries  can  do  good  to  their  labours  by  only  doing  their  welfare.  the  safe  work  environment  is  what  people  will  demand  with  this  upcoming  age  of  safety  and  security  measures  due  to  technology.  the  merging  of  global  industrial  systems  with  superior  technologies  like  wearable,  lowcost  sensors,  and  data  analytics  not  only  connect  machinery  but  also  field  workers  including  laborers,  firefighters,  and  mine  workers  with  a  centralized  system.  employee  monitoring  is  a  system  that  uses  multiple  methods  of  workplace  surveillance  to  group  information  about  the  movements  and  locations  of  the  employees.  it  incorporates  keystroke  logging,  wiretapping,  gps  tracking,  and  internet
__label__logisticstracking monitoring,  which  includes  monitoring  of  employees  web  surfing,  email,  instant  messaging,  and  intercommunication  on  social  networking  sites.  an  iotenabled  connected  worker  solution  system  drives  controlling  capabilities  to  the  next  level  that  make  the  workplace  more  efficient,  transparent,  safe,  and  productive.  ez  enroute  intends  to  give  a  solution  that  seeks  operational  efficiency  with  the  safety  of  workers  in  the  workplace.  the  employee  monitoring  solutions  are  not  only  regulatory  compliance  tools  but  also  work  environmentfriendly.  we  are  focused  on  progressive  leadership  vision,  helping  global  businesses  activate  more  addressable  market  by  embedding  or  enhancing  network  connectivity  functionality  in  their  products.  copyright  2019  ,
__label__logisticstracking one  of  the  most  common  needs  in  a  company  is  to  know  activities  and  locations  of  staff  members.  it  have  become  increasingly  common  in  businesses,  not  only  to  monitor  their  attendance  and  best  practices,  but  specially  to  guarantee  security.  want  to  implement  an  iot  solution  to  monitor  staff?  let  us  present  you  three  smart  devices  that,  in  combination,  will  help  you  deploying  the  perfect  ecosystem  to  monitor  your  staff  with  the  minimum  cost  and  impact  for  the  employee.  trust  me,  it  has  never  been  so  easy  its  the  thinnest  beacon  that  combines  bluetooth  low  energy  and  nfc,  and  offers  superlong
__label__logisticstracking battery  capacity.  it  also  has  a  movement  sensor  and  an  alarm  button.  its  a  locator  with  one  omnidirectional  antenna  that  detects  beacons  and  connect  them  to  the  cloud  in  realtime.  its  a  locator  with  7  directional  antennas  that  detects  beacons  with  highprecision  sectorization,  using  range  and  angle  how  can  i  use  these  devices  for  employee  monitoring?  there  are  as  possibilities  as  use  cases  exist.  here  are  some  basic  examples  of  how  can  these  three  devices  create  the  perfect  ecosystem  for  employee  monitoring.  all  the  following  solutions  can  be  perfectly  combined  to  achieve  the  best  performance.  lets  see  this  concrete  use
__label__logisticstracking case  ibks  card  gateway  hub  gateway  hub  platform  access  control  is  another  common  need  in  big  companies.  for  example,  in  hospitals  where  just  some  employees  have  access  to  certain  rooms:  laboratories,  sterile  and  medicine  rooms,  surgeries  it  is  not  an  only  case,  because  there  are  many  sectors  that  required  of  an  access  control  like  refineries,  but  well  develop  this  example.  so,  imagine  you  want  to  delimit  concrete  areas  in  a  hospital  ibks  card  ibks  card  nfc  gateway  radars  gateway  radar  ibks  card  with  the  same  deployment  that  in  the  previous  case  ibks  card  gateway  radar  it  is  possible  to  implement
__label__logisticstracking a  security  system  to  count  employees  in  emergency  cases.  lets  imagine,  for  example,  a  gas  leak  in  a  refinery  ibks  card  gateway  radars  want  to  know  more  possibilities  and  create  your  own  employee  monitoring  ecosystem?  contact  us  and  well  help  you  is  a  global  provider  of  innovative  enterprise  iot  solutions  that  offers  a  variety  of  standard  products  and  develops  tailored  iot  solutions  for  third  parties.  terra  alta,  13  pol.  ind.  can  carner  08211  castellar  del  valls  barcelona  spain  1460  broadway  new  york,  ny  10036,  usa  we  use  own  and  thirdparty  cookies  to  improve  our  services  and  to  show  ads  related
__label__logisticstracking to  your  preferences  by  analyzing  your  browsing  habits.  if  you  continue  browsing,  we  will  consider  that  you  allow  us  to  use  them.  you  can  change  the  settings  or  get  more  information  on  our  max  files  size  limit  is  20mb
__label__logisticstracking your  search  did  not  match  any  results.  we  suggest  you  try  the  following  to  help  find  what  youre  looking  for:  ensure  worker  health  and  safety,  achieve  better  regulatory  compliance,  and  gain  realtime  visibility  into  worker  health,  location,  and  work  environment  with  oracle  internet  of  things  iot  connected  worker  cloud.  gain  realtime  visibility  into  work  environments  right  at  your  fingertips.  identify  patterns  by  correlating  incidents  with  environmental,  equipment,  and  personnel  data.  improve  regulatory  adherence  through  accident  prevention  using  wearable  and  proximity  sensors.  manage  workplace  incidents  to  improve  wellness,  and  automate  time  and  labor  tracking  to  enhance  productivity.  see  whats  included  with
__label__logisticstracking by  investing  in  the  appropriate  technologies  and  onsite  execution,  50  to  60  percent  operating  improvements  can  be  gained  with  the  result  being  as  much  as  a  100  percent  improvement  in  a  construction  companys  net  income.  ever  since  the  time  of  the  pharaohs,  whenever  a  large  project  is  under  construction,  its  been  difficultif  not  impossibleto  know  exactly  how  many  people  were  onsite  at  any  given  time.  where  are  they  throughout  the  day?  when  did  they  arrive?  when  did  they  leave?  ,  the  manufacturing  industry  has  realized  three  to  five  percent  annual  productivity  improvements  every  year  for  the  past  20  years.  as
__label__logisticstracking a  result,  roughly  threequarters  of  surveyed  projects  run  late  and  nearly  all  projects  over  1  billion  are  late  and/or  over  budget.  fortunately,  mckinsey  co  goes  on  to  state  that  this  can  be  solved  and  that  a  few  straightforward  actions  can  make  an  enormous  difference.  by  investing  in  the  appropriate  technologies  and  onsite  execution,  operations  can  be  made  roughly  50  to  60  percent  better.  construction  companies  can,  in  the  best  cases,  substantially  improve  their  profit  margins  by  making  the  recommended  improvements,  according  to  mckinsey  co.  today,  on  average,  labor  comprises  41  percent  of  the  total  cost  of  a  project.  its  the
__label__logisticstracking single  largest  project  expense.  materials  39  percent,  engineering  15  percent  and  management  5  percent  make  up  the  remainder.  its  clear  that  labor  is  the  biggest  lever  in  affecting  .  its  also  the  only  predictably  variable  cost.  so,  when  projects  run  late,  while  there  are  many  other  variables,  its  probably  the  result  of  labor  and  associated  operational  issues.  if  you  cant  accurately  measure  labor,  you  cant  improve  it.  fortunately,  lowcost  has  been  developed  to  track  worker  attendance  passively,  while  at  the  same  time  significantly  improving  worksite  safety.  devices  that  never  have  to  be  recharged  or  turned  on  can  be  attached  to
__label__logisticstracking personal  protective  equipment  ppe,  such  as  hardhats  or  safety  vests,  thereby  connecting  the  worker  to  an  employee  monitoring  solution  hosted  in  the  cloud.  such  employee  management  systems  offer  managers  the  ability  to  account  for  everyone  almost  immediately  during  a  site  emergency  or  evacuation,  determine  whether  people  are  in  restricted  zones  and  confirm  if  theyre  wearing  their  appropriate  ppe.  these  solutions  can  also  help  to  ensure  that  construction  workers  arent  working  too  long,  for  thats  when  accidents  and  errors  occur  most  frequently.  at  the  same  time,  general  contractors  and  project  managers  can  get  live  or  regular  reports  detailing  attendance,  time  on
__label__logisticstracking site  and  other  critical  productivity  measurements,  serving  as  an  early  warning  system  for  project  delays.  moreover,  when  these  solutions  dont  use  gps  but  rather  onsite  tracker  receiving  systems,  workers  can  rest  assured  that  theyre  only  being  tracked  on  the  project  and  never  offsite;  their  right  to  privacy  is  thus  respected.  today,  the  question  for  the  construction  executive  is  this:  do  you  want  to  follow  gms  lead  in  1975  when  they  knew  significant  productivity  improvements  were  possible  but  chose  not  to  implement  them  or  follow  toyotas  path  when  they  chose  to  make  the  productivity  improvements  and  become  the  largest  car  company
__label__logisticstracking lone  worker  safety,  mandown  alarm  management  geofencing  and  monitoring  sensitive  areas  realtime  location  tracking  of  employees,  visitors,  contractors  movement  history  of  people  in  and  around  your  facility  employee  hours  and  actual  labor  tracking  litum  integrates  ultra  wideband  technology  into  distributed  to  all  personnel.  these  rfid  badges  work  in  conjunction  with  our  rtls  mesh  network,  to  create  an  invisible  that  tracks  every  employee  and  visitor  with  submeter  accuracy.  litums  indoor  locating  technology  ensures  accurate  information  is  captured  and  fed  back  to  the  rtls  software  where  realtime  actions  are  managed:  youll  be  able  to  geofence  and  limit  access  to  sensitive  areas  for
__label__logisticstracking qualified  employees,  send  automatic  alerts  in  case  of  violations.  our  rfid  employee  tracking  system  also  provides  the  ability  to  see  exactly  where  the  transgression  occurred  and  sends  alerts  to  the  appropriate  staff  members  and  security.  tailormade  reports  and  big  data  analytics  are  generated  to  support  informed  decision  making.  litum  personnel  tracking  system  provides  constant  monitoring  of  employee  location.  youll  know  when  they  walk  in  the  door,  when  they  get  to  a  workstation,  and  when  they  leave  for  breaks  or  after  the  workday  ends.  all  this  data  is  automatically  stored  and  can  be  used  to  calculate  employee  hours.  this  allows  businesses
__label__logisticstracking to  reduce  the  amount  of  nonvalue  added  time  that  might  appear  on  a  traditional  timecard,  thus  helping  cut  unnecessary  payroll  costs.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of
__label__logisticstracking these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but
__label__logisticstracking opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your  website.
__label__logisticstracking track  data  relating  to  human  movement,  location,  and  environment,  so  you  can  prioritize  areas  of  focus  for  safety  and  productivity.  employee  safety  is  a  concern  in  every  industry,  and  collecting  metrics  that  impact  employee  safety,  like  drive  time,  speed,  bending,  and  walking  can  be  difficult.  connected  devices  focused  on  worker  safety  give  companies  access  to  work  time  metrics  that  provide  actionable  insights  to  improve  the  safety  record  for  employees.  equipped  with  eight  sensors  and  a  gps,  the  modjoul  smartbelt  gives  companies  direct  access  to  data  related  to  worker  safety  and  operations.  data  related  to  human  movement,  location,  and  environment  is
__label__logisticstracking collected,  processed  in  the  cloud,  and  made  available  in  easy  to  view  dashboards.  the  dashboards  allow  employees  and/or  employers  to  view  insights  and  prioritize  areas  of  focus  relative  to  safety  within  their  enterprise.  logistics  operations  is  one  of  the  industry  verticals  where  the  modjoul  smartbelt  can  provide  valuable  data.  logistic  operations  businesses  rely  on  the  smartbelts  to  show  atrisk  roles  within  the  organization  and  the  atrisk  movements  of  individual  employees.  this  allows  them  to  take  action  to  improve  employee  safety.  heres  how  it  works:  aws  customers  who  are  easily  and  securely  connecting  devices  to  the  cloud  aws  marketplace  is  a
__label__logisticstracking digital  catalog  with  thousands  of  software  listings  from  independent  software  vendors  that  make  it  easy  to  find,  test,  buy,  and  deploy  software  that  runs  on  aws.  smart  home  and  city:  device  operation  management  locate,  monitor,  and  manage  connected  devices  at  scale.  smart  home  and  city:  monitoring  and  response  automation  autocreate  work  orders  and  dispatch  crews  with  smart  monitoring  of  connected  city  assets.  smart  home  and  city:  accelerated  iot  development  accelerate  and  optimize  the  development,  deployment,  and  operation  of  smart  home  and  smart  city  iot  solutions.  smart  home  and  city:  data  visualization  visualize  data  from  your  transportation  fleet  so  you  can
__label__logisticstracking act  to  maintain  performance.  connected  healthcare:  monitoring  of  remote  patient  health  applications  track  and  monitor  your  remote  patient  health  applications.  industrial  iot:  remote  management  and  monitoring  remotely  track,  monitor,  and  manage  your  industrial  device  fleets.  industrial  iot:  predictive  maintenance  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  so  you  can  identify  potential  breakdowns.  have  questions?  have  tips?  were  here  to  help  you  get  started  with  aws  marketplace.  ask  for  or  give  advice  on  the  aws  marketplace  discussion  forum.  have  questions?  have  tips?  were  here  to  help  you  get  started  with  aws  marketplace.  ask  for  or  give  advice  on  the
__label__logisticstracking modern  employee  attendance  tracking  systems  are  in  desperate  need  of  an  upgrade.  caniot  locationbased  solutions  help  employers  and  employees  work  more  smoothly?  most  countries  and  states  have  strict  requirements  about  employee  attendance.  daily  work  hours,  overtime,  leave,  everything  must  be  carefully  tracked,  and  that  is  the  responsibility  of  managers  and  business  owners  in  charge.  even  those  who  are  not  directly  related  might  be  responsible  for  the  accuracy  of  these  numbers,  and  these  managers  might  find  the  climate  can  be  very  complicated.  what  was  once  done  with  a  simple  timestamp  card  is  now  done  by  several  technologies  or,  perhaps  worse,  no
__label__logisticstracking system  at  all.  many  firms  are  now  employinglocationbased  technologies  to  fill  in  the  gaps.  are  small  bluetooth  devices  that  broadcast  a  nearconstant  radio  signal  to  smart  devices.  this  signal  can  be  used  to  do  almost  anything  a  developer  can  think  up.  more  importantly,  they  ensure  that  the  employees  records  accurately  match  the  employees  actual  movements.  employee  attendance  tracking  isnt  about  micromanaging.  its  about  understanding  employee  movements.  proper  hr  attendance  tracking  can  even  be  used  to  fulfill  legal  requirements  and  keep  companies  compliant.  employees  suing  for  unpaid  wages  are  not  uncommon,  and  the  practice  drastically  increased  in  the  past  decade.  found
__label__logisticstracking that  the  number  of  these  law  suits  increased  32  between  2008  and  2011.  expectations  about  the  accuracy  and  detail  of  employee  attendance  tracking  is  rising  around  the  globe,  and  technology  is  offering  solutions  that  were  never  before  possible.  in  the  past,  and  even  today,  offices  rely  on  several  different  methods  for  hr  attendance  tracking.  some  companies  are  turning  to  rfid,  web  solutions,  and  even  cameras,  while  others  still  use  manual  solutions.  employees  physically  sign  records  and  file  them  away.  however,  these  manual  tracking  solutions  have  several  drawbacks  including  being  imprecise  and  easily  manipulated  or  misplaced.  moreover,  the  ever  decreasing  cost
__label__logisticstracking and  increasing  capabilities  of  bluetooth  le  beacons  makes  them  the  most  competitive  new  tool  in  the  employee  attendance  tracking  market.  theyre  handsfree,  automated,  exact,  and  work  in  combination  with  simple  and  streamlined  software.  no  more  forgetting  to  log  in;  beacons  do  it  all  on  their  own.  talking  to  employees  about  attendance  is  hard  even  in  the  best  of  situations.  having  accurate,  automatically  collected  data  can  make  it  much  easier  to  recognize  problems  before  they  arise  and  to  fully  optimize  your  business.  are  you  looking  for  employee  attendance  tracking  solutions?  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hourly  employees,  like  those
__label__logisticstracking often  found  in  the  food  and  beverage  industry,  construction,  retail,  and  other  fields,  require  particular  diligence.  it  can  be  difficult  to  keep  track  of  employees  on  a  daily  basis,  but  knowing  with  certainty  what  hours  were  or  were  not  worked  can  be  paramount  to  avoiding  trouble  in  the  future.  poor  tracking  can  lead  to:  all  of  these  have  led  to  more  advanced  employee  attendance  tracking  solutions.  many  firms  are  turning  to  cloudbased  programs  that  let  employees  log  in  and  record  their  hours.  however,  these  solutions  are  also  very  similar  to  the  manual  logs  of  old.  times  may  not  be  exact,
__label__logisticstracking scheduled  breaks  can  be  missed,  and  it  usually  requires  an  amount  of  effort  on  the  part  of  the  employee.  locationbased  technologies  built  upon  bluetooth  le  beacons  are  becoming  increasingly  popular  in  the  field  of  employee  attendance  tracking.  they  have  the  unique  ability  to  act  without  employee  interaction  and  completely  automate  the  attendance  tracking  process.  moreover,  they  are  less  invasive  than  other  modern  methods.  while  fingerprint  and  hand  scanners  are  effective  at  cutting  down  on  fraud,  they  also  cause  huge  problems  as  employee,  understandably,  dont  feel  comfortable  with  such  solutions.  perhaps  just  as  important,  beacon  infrastructures  were  not  previously  viable  solutions.
__label__logisticstracking now,  they  are  advanced  and  affordable  enough  to  be  implemented  by  businesses  of  every  size.  employee  attendance  verification  systems  in  australia  are  highly  common  due  to  the  countrys  strict  regulations  and  requirements  from  insurers.  one  local  shopping  mall  examined  several  solutions  and  found  older  technological  options  would  cost  them  between  1140  and  1520,  but  that  was  far  too  costly.  they  chose  to  partner  with  beacon  service  provider  to  use  bluetooth  le  beacons  for  employee  attendance  tracking.  this  solution  cost  half  of  their  other  options.  furthermore,  the  solution  proved  to  be  incredibly  easy  to  implement  and  was  installed  in  only  a
__label__logisticstracking weeks  time.  what  are  the  other  ways  locationbased  technology  can  streamline  workplace  operations?  let  us  know  in  the  comments.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  join  our  to  unleash  business  and  technical  capabilities  made  with  cassia  networks  integration.  fulltime  awareness  of  your  beacon  fleet  status  is  key  to  maintaining  .  download  our  free  white  paper  and  find  out  how  infrastructure  management  helps  you  maintain  a  healthy  fleet  of  iot  devices.  lets  talk  about  your  beacon  needs  leave  your  contact  details,  and  well  get  back  to  you  within  24  hours  fill  out  the  form  with:  domenico  colucci  lets  talk  about
__label__logisticstracking your  beacon  needs  leave  your  contact  details,  and  well  get  back  to  you  within  24  hours  tim  van  kempen  copyright  2019  by  kontakt.io  this  site  uses  cookies.  by  continuing  to  browse  the  site  you  are  agreeing  to  our  use  of  cookies.  review  our  for  more  details.
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  iot  enables  remote  monitoring  of  the  mobile  field  workforce  in  a  nonintrusive  and  effective  fashion,  promising  significant  improvements  in  industrial  worker  safety.  to  support  these  revolutionary  iot  solutions,  you  need  the  robust,  scalable  and  costeffective  connectivity  power  of  .  from  chemical  exposure  and  equipment  mishaps  to  fatigue,  heat  stroke  and  fatal  falls,  there  are  numerous  workplace  dangers  facing  industry.  robust  regulations  and  extensive  training  alongside  conventional  personal  safety  equipment  ppe  are  vital,  however,  these  practices  do  not  inform  workers  when  external  environments  suddenly  turn  dangerous.  likewise,  supervisors  and  managers  are  entirely  unaware  when  remote  field  workers
__label__logisticstracking are  reaching  their  physical  thresholds.  the  introduction  of  iot  and  smart,  connected  devices  are  now  giving  rise  to  an  unprecedented  level  of  visibility  into  workers  health  and  their  environments.  intelligent  gadgets  watches,  helmets,  vests  continuously  capture  vital  physical  metrics  like  heart  rate,  skin  temperature,  movement,  activity,  and  location.  in  parallel,  environmental  sensors  record  critical  information  about  employees  working  conditions  and  their  exposure  to  external  dangers.  leveraging  an  advanced  analytics  platform,  situational  data  can  then  be  distilled  into  actionable  insights  visualized  at  a  remote  management  console.  through  enhanced  visibility,  iot  for  worker  safety  solutions  empower  datadriven  decisionmaking,  thereby  improving  the  safety
__label__logisticstracking and  productivity  of  the  crossindustry  field  workforce.  as  critical  events  experienced  by  employees  are  instantly  reported  to  the  command  center,  predetermined,  automated  workflows  can  be  executed  to  accelerate  evacuation  and  rescue  activities.  for  example,  when  a  worker  falls  from  a  height  or  suddenly  passes  out,  alerts  are  triggered  at  the  safety  control  center  for  timely  dispatch  of  medical  aids.  similarly,  if  atmospheric  gas  levels  surpass  the  tolerated  threshold  or  an  imminent  explosion  is  detected,  employees  are  immediately  notified  and  evacuated  out  of  the  endangered  areas.  improved  visibility  into  work  environments  also  help  avoid  prolonged  exposure  to  harsh  conditions  like  co2,
__label__logisticstracking radiation,  noises,  heat  or  humidity.  sensor  data  enables  managers  to  watch  out  for  any  signs  of  fatigue,  dehydration  or  exhaustion  encountered  by  their  workers,  thus  encouraging  them  to  take  a  recovery  break,  as  needed.  minimizing  overexertion  not  only  improves  overall  productivity,  but  also  reduces  the  risk  of  injuries,  accidents  and  chronic  diseases.  beyond  reactive  responses,  predictive  analytics  fueled  by  massive  field  sensor  data  allows  for  anticipating  and  preventing  hazards  ahead  of  time.  for  example,  smart  sensors  installed  on  rock  bolts  measure  seismic  activities  in  underground  mines  and  help  detect  the  potential  collapse  of  unstable  shafts.  if  a  threat  is  identified,
__label__logisticstracking operation  in  these  areas  will  be  banned  or  preventive  measures  will  be  taken  to  circumvent  mishaps.  likewise,  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  minimize  failures  of  critical  assets  like  pumps  and  pipelines.  the  explosion  risk  of  gas  leaks  can,  therefore,  be  reduced.  with  remote  tracking,  heavy  machinery  that  is  not  in  use,  but  still  functioning,  can  be  identified  for  shutdowns.  this  helps  bypass  equipment  accidents  and  improve  efficiency.  amid  enormous  potential,  a  significant  challenge  in  implementing  iot  for  worker  safety  solutions  is  finding  viable  field  connectivity.  many  highrisk  industrial  workplaces  like  construction  sites,  factories,  offshore  drilling  platforms,  and  underground  mines,  are
__label__logisticstracking characterized  by  challenging  topography,  heavy  physical  obstructions  and  vast  areas.  these  hostile  conditions  hinder  effective  radio  propagation  by  causing  shadowing,  attenuation,  diffraction,  and  reflection.  providing  an  extensive  range  of  many  kilometers  and  a  deep  building  penetration  capability,  lpwan  introduces  a  versatile  communication  solution  for  geographically  dispersed,  structurally  dense  industrial  campuses.  ultralow  power  consumption  also  allows  for  increased  battery  life,  making  lpwan  a  practical  solution  for  connecting  batteryoperated  iot  devices  like  wearables  and  environmental  sensors.  alongside  coverage  and  power  consumption,  the  best  lpwan  solution  for  iot  worker  safety,  will  also  offer  excellent  qualityofservice,  scalability  and  mobile  communication.
__label__logisticstracking a  corporate  client  operates  from  two  buildings  situated  a  few  hundred  meters  apart.  they  were  experiencing  difficulty  monitoring  employee,  vendor,  and  visitor  movement  both  within  and  between  the  two  buildings  among  other  things.  hr  and  safety  departments  were  vulnerable  because  data  used  to  be  managed  manually,  making  it  unwieldy  over  time.  this  presented  challenges  in  such  aspects  as  employee  work  hours  or  accounting  for  people  during  building  evacuation  in  emergency  situations.  a  rtls  tracking  system  based  that  exploits  ble  beacon  technology  was  deployed  to  help  track  human  movement  in  real  time.  the  technology  was  embedded  in  a  ble  tag  which
__label__logisticstracking could  be  unobtrusively  worn  on  the  person  to  synchronize  with  and  transmit  data  to  a  web  mobile  application.  beacon  gateways  were  installed  at  both  entry  and  exit  points  to  record  ingress  and  egress  data.  to  enable  visitors  to  benefit  from  the  system,  they  were  sent  invites  to  complete  preregistration.  to  help  cut  down  on  the  time  and  human  intervention  for  recurring  visitors,  they  were  enabled  to  regenerate  the  pass  as  many  times  as  they  need  to.  user  data  management  was  complemented  by  a  robust  cloudbased  web  application  that  included  a  comprehensive  dashboard.  among  the  many  key  features,  stakeholders  can  view
__label__logisticstracking employee  oncampus  presence  in  report  form  via  crystal  reports.  because  the  system  can  be  seamlessly  integrated  with  the  attendance  monitoring  system,  the  hr  department  can  make  the  most  of  it,  saving  a  lot  of  payroll  processing  time.  the  safety  department  received  a  bespoke  mobile  app  to  scan  and  track  the  people  being  evacuated  during  an  emergency  and  report  on  how  many  people  are  assembled  and  how  many  missing  and  their  last  whereabouts.
__label__logisticstracking without  proper  tracking  methodologies,  one  cannot  measure  the  loss  of  productivity,  violation  of  safety  norms  and  prevent  unwarranted  situations.  like  when  a  business  operationis  unable  to  locate  machinery  or  a  critical  spare  inventoryquickly  or  location  of  key  people  such  as  engineers,  supervisors,  and  visitors  in  large  work  sites.  our  is  an  ideal  tool  to  improve  productivity,  safety  compliance  aspects.  our  internet  of  things  enabled  contractor  tracking  solution,  comprising  of  miniature  ble  sensors,  gateway,  device  management  framework,  and  provide  new  insights  on  the  movement  of  physical  objects  within  premises  such  as  construction  sites,  shipyards,  factories,  warehouses,  hospitals,  etc.  our  solutions  mainly
__label__logisticstracking apply  where  long  term  projects  are  involved;  like  a  shipyard,  construction  of  commercial  spaces,  tunnels,  public  utility  buildings,  etc.  the  measurement  helps  in  improving  workplace  safety,  reducing  operational  bottlenecks,  improve  accountability  and  visibility.  lack  of  clarity  in  understanding  the  workflow  resulting  in  long  queues  and  frustration  leading  to  inferior  workflow  process  and  operational  efficiency.  this  can  lead  to  lower  satisfaction,  increased  costs,  safety  risk  in  industries  and  loss  of  revenue.  the  same  could  be  told  about  visitors  suppliers,  consultants  and  other  people  entering  highsecurity  areas  such  as  warehouses,  shipyard,  bank  locker  rooms,  etc.  it  can  also  be  extended  to  physical
__label__logisticstracking objects  such  as  laptops,  circuit  boards  in  equipment,  industrial  transformers,  etc.  call  us  to  know  more  about  workforce  and  asset  tracking  in  large  construction  projects  shipyards,  commercial  building,  public  utility,  metro  rail,  tunnels,  etc.  you  can  opt  for  afeasibility  study  on  workforce  trackingor  ask  for  the  solution.  meet  us  at  global  events  to  know  more  about  asset  tracking/workflow  monitoring  bluetooth  mesh  sensor  solutions  ripples  iot  pte  ltd.  is  the  latest  addition  to  the  sa  group  of  companies.  with  established  ips  in  industrial  automation,  supply  chain  logistics  healthcare  verticals,  we  have  catered  to  the  it  requirements  of  organisations  like  mastercard,  asia
__label__logisticstracking pacific  breweries,  zf  wind  power,  henkel,  eha  etc.  level  6,  vanguard  campus,  1  kallang  jct.  65  3138  1766,  65  65  9837  8980  156,  27th  cross,  6th  block  jayanagar.  91  9995  902  156  particle  roadshow  2019,  boston  wbii  2019,  den  haag  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  thailand  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  malaysia
__label__logisticstracking any  new  innovation  leads  new  ways  of  doing  things  and  with  these  new  ways  come  in  new  challenges.  people  tracking  and  concepts  of  smart  offices  are  bringing  forth  idea  of  employee  monitoring  and  tracking  within  the  office  premises  in  a  more  granular  form.  the  term  employee  monitoring  has  a  larger  scope.  it  involves  actively  monitoring  and  tracking  what  the  employee  does  inside  the  premises.  this  would  involve  monitoring  the  activities  both  when  on  his  desk  as  well  as  off  it.  there  are  companies  which  have  software  added  on  the  desktops  to  monitor  how  much  time  employees  spent  on  browsing  the
__label__logisticstracking internet  and  what  did  they  browse.there  are  offices  which  monitor  the  employee  using  cameras  to  keep  a  check  on  the  activities  in  certain  areas.  the  employee  monitoring  systems  employ  monitoring  the  performance,  strengths  and  weakness  too.  the  question  one  would  consider  is  what  are  the  advantages  or  benefits  that  an  organization  can  get  by  implementing  the  employee  monitoring:  the  ability  to  locate  an  employee  specially  in  large  offices,  plant  has  been  a  problem  of  the  ages.  there  system  of  making  announcements  came  from  this  need  to  reach  people  in  a  timely  manner.  with  technology  seeping  in  to  the  offices  in
__label__logisticstracking major  way,  the  thought  of  being  able  to  monitor  and  track  people  is  being  thought  about  more.  employee  monitoring  would  need  tagging  the  employee  to  provide  a  digital  id,  to  the  employee.  these  tags  help  identify  the  employee  at  the  different  gateways  inside  the  office  premises.  it  now  becomes  possible  to  easily  locate  the  employee  based  on  where  the  nearby  gateway  is  located.  today  it  is  possible  to  have  live  tracking  of  the  person  as  he  moves.  various  kinds  of  compliance  can  be  verified  by  implementing  monitoring  systems  like  if  the  personnel  are  wearing  helmet  when  in  a  danger  zone
__label__logisticstracking inside  the  plant.  there  are  people  who  are  willful  defaulters,  one  can  easily  identify  such  employees  using  monitoring  systems.  not  only  can  these  record  these  occurrences,  they  can  also  sent  out  warnings  and  exceptions  to  the  relevant  stake  holders.  the  ability  to  track  the  employee  locations  and  the  time  spent  at  these  locations  by  them  gives  rich  data  about  how  the  employee  goes  about  his  work  hours.  thus  if  the  employee  is  found  to  be  spending  less  time  at  desk,  more  time  on  internet  then  bringing  this  to  the  notice  of  the  employee  by  his  superior  will  bring  up  of
__label__logisticstracking more  tightening,  there  by  ensure  that  employees  stay  more  focused.  another  major  although  subtle  impact  of  monitoring  systems  is  that  the  employees  now  would  be  more  careful  and  the  system  would  act  as  deterrent,  as  is  with  any  other  monitoring  system  like  the  street  cam  at  signals.  this  will  ensure  there  is  more  focus  on  work  and  lesser  time  getting  wasted  in  non  productive  activities.  there  are  other  side  benefits  like  systems  which  would  be  able  to  check  on  what  went  wrong  by  looking  at  the  data  and  visual  cues.  this  will  help  reenforce  the  right  things  undertaken  and  correct
__label__logisticstracking the  wrong  actions  taken.  the  fact  that  there  are  performance  improvements  and  better  productivity,  will  naturally  lead  to  a  more  satisfied  customers.  as  the  output  becomes  better  the  outcomes  become  even  better.  the  fact  that  modern  technology  is  being  used  to  monitor  and  enhance  the  productivity,  will  naturally  also  add  to  the  brand  value.  better  products  and  better  services  provided  to  the  customer  will  also  increase  the  brand  value.  all  this  would  have  direct  impact  on  the  employee  morale  which  in  turn  would  lead  even  better  productivity  definitely  just  like  advantages  there  are  certain  disadvantages  of  practice  of  employee  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking like  the  ones  discussed  below:  this  feeling  of  big  brother  watching  and  being  under  continuous  scrutiny  is  going  to  be  a  matter  of  irritation  since  one  no  longer  feels  free  to  be  ones  own  self.  thus  there  is  additional  pressure  of  this  being  watched  feeling.  this  adds  to  the  emotional  and  mental  stress  due  to  already  existing  work  pressure.  the  employee  morale  can  also  take  a  beating  if  wrongly  implemented.  the  feeling  of  being  watched  brings  in  a  feeling  of  mistrust  and  then  one  tends  to  behave  in  a  manner  which  shows  off  good  behavior  because  they  haveto  in  order
__label__logisticstracking to  avoid  uncomfortable  situations.  these  systems  would  invariably  have  an  element  of  grey  shades  of  legality.  this  issue  of  privacy  is  a  sensitive  one  and  naturally  has  interpretations  which  are  likely  to  have  some  resistance,  this  needs  to  be  taken  in  to  account  and  planned  as  to  how  management  would  want  to  deal  with  it.  it  is  best  to  have  clarity  upfront  in  terms  of  policies  and  training  programs  to  help  the  workforce  understand  the  concept  and  why  it  is  being  implemented.  change  management  is  an  important  aspect  of  management  function.  in  todays  world  organizations  need  to  be  agile  and
__label__logisticstracking nimble  footed  to  be  in  a  position  to  adapt  to  the  changes  in  the  business  environment.  to  do  so  it  is  important  to  ensure  that  the  workforce  is  attuned  to  be  open  minded  and  flexible  to  changes  and  experiments  to  help  the  management  implement  new  changes  and  gauge  the  impact.  thus  forethought  and  planning  is  very  essential  before  taking  a  leap  here.  world  is  getting  better  connected,  it  time  organizations  dont  get  left  behind  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  were  not  around  right  now.  but  you  can  send  us  an  email  and  well  get  back  to
__label__logisticstracking lone  worker  safety  software  solutions.  make  sure  lone  workers  and  employees  are  safe  no  matter  where  they  are.  locate  and  monitor  lone  workers  in  realtime  with  cybras  tracking  software.  edgefinity  iot  provides  lone  worker  safety  solutions  for  companies  and  enterprises.  combining  rfid  technology  and  rtls  real  time  location  systems,  edgefinity  iot  gives  you  an  eagle  eye  view  of  your  facilities  and  employees.  improve  your  enterprises  safety  initiatives  with  .  edgefinity  iot  is  an  application  that  allows  you  to  keep  track  of  your  lone  workers.  edgefinity  iot  is  deployed  with  stateoftheart  rfid  badges,  tags,  monitors  and  receivers,  both  fixed  and  mobile
__label__logisticstracking to  deliver  uptothesecond  information  on  any  person,  vehicle,  or  asset.  when  an  incident  happens,  edgefinity  iot  can  automatically  set  off  a  set  of  intelligent  reactions  such  as  sending  out  emails,  turning  on/off  lights,  locking  doors,  call  911,  or  turn  on/off  alarms.  build  complex  rules  without  writing  a  single  line  of  code.  with  the  edgefinity  iot  rules  engine,  you  can  select  events,  and  pair  them  with  the  right  locations,  assets,  and  people.  get  a  live  view  of  a  facility  floor  map  right  on  your  laptop,  tablet,  or  phone,  and  easily  look  up  employees  by  name,  job  type,  or  location.  can  give
__label__logisticstracking you  exact  coordinates  of  the  area  where  the  lone  worker  is  located.  rfid  sensors  are  used  to  give  the  system  instantaneous  updates  of  lone  workers  location  and  status  that  are  accurate  up  to  a  few  inches.  with  such  accuracy,  safety  protocols  can  be  enforced  at  all  times,  even  when  workers  are  in  remote  areas.  send  and  receive  notifications  from  edgefinity  iot  with  your  phone,  tablet,  laptop,  or  desktop.  call  first  responders,  lock  doors,  send  text  messages,  and  push  notifications.  run  searches  from  the  interface  so  you  can  find  workers  immediately  and  check  their  status.  our  system  is  compatible  with  virtually
__label__logisticstracking any  rtls  hardware  system.  free  ebook  how  do  you  keep  your  lone  workers  safe?  the  hazards  facing  your  workers  become  exponentially  more  dangerous  when  they  are  on  their  own.  written  by  one  of  the  most  knowledgeable  minds  in  the  entire  safety  industry,  this  ebook  will  give  you  tremendous  insight  into  lone  worker  safety.  build  rules  for  your  facility  to  ensure  lone  workers  are  where  they  should  be,  are  on  task,  and,  most  importantly,  safe.  rules  can  be  triggered  by  an  employee  falling,  a  lone  worker  entering  an  unauthorized  location,  a  panic  button  being  pressed,  or  a  system  malfunction.  edgefinity  iot
__label__logisticstracking can  automatically  react  to  triggers  with  actions  such  as  locking  doors,  stopping  elevators,  contacting  safety  personnel,  and  sending  text  messages,  voice  calls,  emails,  or  push  notifications.  at  the  heart  of  edgefinity  iot  is  its  sophisticated  rules  engine.  rules  are  created  based  on  triggers  such  as  a  lone  worker  entering  unauthorized  areas,  or  a  worker  falling  from  a  predefined  distance.  you  can  also  select  rule  reactions  such  as  automatic  text  messages,  calls  to  911,  or  a  complete  shutdown  of  a  facility.  edgefinity  iot  is  a  complete  rfid  control  software  solutions  perfect  for  manufacturers,  or  any  operation  looking  to  get  a  better
__label__logisticstracking handle  on  their  supply  chain  and  inventory.  implement  an  advanced  rfid  inventory  management  system  without  any  programming.  hardware  and  software  installation  takes  weeks,  not  months  to  successfully  install.  right  out  of  the  box,  edgefinity  iot  comes  with  powerful,  customizable  triggers.  these  triggers  allow  build  a  safety  and  security  system  to  your  exact  specifications,  such  as  how  often  lone  workers  must  check  in.  edgefinity  iot  offers  builtin  lone  worker  alarms  and  mandown  alerts  to  ensure  workers  following  safety  protocols.  edgefinity  iot  can  detect  something  as  simple  as  a  worker  dozing  off,  or  complex  as  a  lone  worker  trapped  somewhere.  generate  automatic
__label__logisticstracking history  reports  so  safety  personnel  can  analyze  site  weaknesses.  track  past  movements  and  activities  of  personnel,  verify  remote  worker  checkins  and  checkouts,  and  even  create  edgefinity  iot  rules  based  on  your  systems  data.  a  dedicated  incident  commander  dashboard  is  built  right  into  the  interface.  incident  commanders  see  where  their  teams  and  personnel  inside  and  outside,  instead  of  relying  on  conventional  methods  of  pen,  paper,  and  a  roll  call.  receive  immediate  alerts  on  all  personnel  in  crisis.  with  edgefinity  iot  you  can  see  critical  information  such  as  ambient  temperature,  and  time  since  last  movement.  lone  workers  perform  activities  in  isolation  from
__label__logisticstracking others,  without  close  supervision.  often  deployed  in  remote  locations,  and  in  hazardous  environments,  lone  workers  are  further  exposed  to  risk  being  on  their  own.  watch  this  webinar  to  learn  how  can  mitigate  many  of  these  risks.  edgefinity  iots  lone  worker  safety  monitoring  capabilities  was  developed  utilizing  the  latest  in  rfid  and  realtime  tracking  technology.  here  are  some  of  the  rfid/rtls  solutions  we  offer:  contact  us  to  see  how  our  applications  can  streamline  your  daily  operations.  cybras  rfid  and  rtls  technology  combine  to  offer  organizations  the  ability  significantly  improve  their  lone  worker  tracking  and  protection  efforts.  contact  us  to  see  how
__label__logisticstracking identifying  the  location  of  a  worker  and  their  safety  status  can  be  very  challenging  where  there  is  .  we  class  this  as  remote  worker  in  the  gps  tracking  industry.  how  do  we  track  someone  outside  mobile  phone  coverage  which  is  the  conventional  tracking  method  of  gps  over  cellular?  or  how  do  we  know  if  the  staff  member  has  had  an  accident  and  is  need  of  emergency  assistance?  as  a  digital  matter  reseller  partner,  your  clients  may  have  a  mandate  to  ensure  lone  and  remote  workers  are  catered  for  in  the  day  to  day  operations  of  the  business.  in  some  countries
__label__logisticstracking these  are  known  as  .  often  they  require  the  management  /  executives  of  an  organisation  to  implement  suitable  safety  measures  or  face  prosecution  and  financial  penalities  for  failure  to  do  so.  this  is  often  termed  in  some  cases,  and  in  others  have  seen  situations  in  the  australian  outback  for  example  where  staff  members  have  been  issued  a  without  training  of  how  to  use  it,  and  without  credit  in  the  phone.  an  ,  they  were  lost  for  24  hours,  and  by  chance  were  found.  the  irony  is  a  satellite  phone  may  be  a  communication  tool,  but  is  not  an  emergency  beacon
__label__logisticstracking by  any  means.  often  staff  are  incapacitated  or  disorientated  and  cannot  operate  or  even  find  these  satellite  phones  when  needed.  digital  matter  has  pioneered  a  that  works  in  mobile  phone  coverage  as  well  as  out  of  coverage.  the  solutionis  ideal  for  reliable  tracking  of  assets  /  people  outside  mobile  phone  coverage  areas.  the  iridium  modem  in  the  device  starts  reporting  at  customer  configurable  intervals  when  out  of  mobile  coverage.  it  also  reports  journey  start  and  end  events  as  well  as  alerts.  for  lone  or  remote  workers  such  as  location,  communication,  duress,  breakdown  and  response  are  essential  compliance  and  good  corporate
__label__logisticstracking hospital  indoor  positioning  gps  solutions  for  tracking  monitoring  inventory,  high  value  equipment.  attendance  monitoring,  patient  workflow  management  and  queue  monitoring  solutions.  mobile  remote  asset  tracking  monitoring  intransit  tracking:  analyze  realtime  data  to  optimize  the  experience  of  fleet  operators  and  vehicle  users  logistics:  monitor  the  environment  parameters,  tilt  and  axis  movement  of  perishable  and  volatile  goods  leased  assets  tracking:  track  your  leased  equipment  and  machines  anywhere,  anytime  selfservice  allowing  your  customers  to  directly  track  the  factory  contractor  tracking  workforce  tracking  solution  in  the  industrial  environment  helps:  control  and  audit  movement,  theft  and  misuse  of  highvalue  equipment  monitoring  the  movement  of  objectsbetween
__label__logisticstracking floors  locations  understanding  the  working  environment  oftemperaturecontrolled  areas  workflow  to  understand  potential  choke  points  during  peak  hours  knowledge  about  worker  movement  to  improve  utilization  of  facilities  without  proper  ripples  iot  pte  ltd.  is  the  latest  addition  to  the  sa  group  of  companies.  with  established  ips  in  industrial  automation,  supply  chain  logistics  healthcare  verticals,  we  have  catered  to  the  it  requirements  of  organisations  like  mastercard,  asia  pacific  breweries,  zf  wind  power,  henkel,  eha  etc.  level  6,  vanguard  campus,  1  kallang  jct.  65  3138  1766,  65  65  9837  8980  156,  27th  cross,  6th  block  jayanagar.  91  9995  902  156  particle  roadshow  2019,
__label__logisticstracking january  17,  2019  the  ,  also  known  as  iot,  has  been  growing  exponentially  over  the  last  decade.  in  just  a  few  years,  iot  usage  has  moved  from  simple  experiments  to  being  at  the  core  of  multiple  highscale  solutions.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  morgan  stanley  estimated  that  75  billion  devices  would  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020.  many  of  us  are  benefiting  from  iot  without  even  knowing  it.  whether  in  transportation,  manufacturing,  customer  service  or  else,  iot  is  everywhere  and  is  changing  the  world  for  better.  in  this  article,  we  will  pick  a  few  of  these  use  cases  and
__label__logisticstracking explain  the  power  and  revolution  iot  has  brought  to  our  society.  despite  the  advancement  in  manufacturing  and  industrial  processing,  many  companies  are  still  forced  to  use  a  breakfix  model.  without  advanced  sensors  and  technology  included  on  missioncritical  equipment,  it  can  be  hard  to  tell  when  a  machine  is  about  to  fail.  these  failures  can  be  extremely  dangerous  to  workers,  if  the  machine  fails  catastrophically.  this  is  one  of  the  reasons  why  industrial  companies  ,  have  not  only  focused  efforts  around  worker  safety  and  preventive  maintenance,  but  also  begun  relying  on  iot  devices.  here  is  the  process.  note  that  these  sensors
__label__logisticstracking can  be  recording  the  status  of  the  machinery  in  different  ways,  such  as:  temperature,  speed,  humidity,  etc.  also,  it  is  good  to  keep  in  mind  that  both  hardware  and  software  are  required  to  make  iot  a  reality.  a  connected  device  that  is  not  integrated  with  an  application  for  some  specific  purpose  is  useless.  the  benefits  are  instantaneous.  with  iot,  companies  are  able  to  collect  realtime  information  on  the  condition  of  their  equipment.  there  is  no  need  to  check  each  piece  of  equipment  individually.  these  manual  operations  that  are  not  only  timeconsuming,  but  also  difficult  or  sometimes  dangerous,  are  no  longer
__label__logisticstracking necessary.  the  crew  can  detect  anomalies  in  a  timely  fashion  and  actions  can  be  taken  to  immediately  remediate  the  situation.  actually,  remediation  can  even  be  automatized.  because  companies  can  better  monitor  their  equipment,  they  can  schedule  preventative  maintenance  based  on  data  gathered  by  iot  sensors.  when  the  application  processes  the  data,  it  is  able  to  detect  warning  signs.  this  way,  the  factory  engineers  can  plan  to  fix  failing  components  before  the  issue  becomes  worse.  the  integration  of  iot  in  the  manufacturing  and  industrial  ecosystem  helps  keep  workers  safe.  not  only  that,  it  increases  efficiency,  because  there  are  fewer  interruptions  due
__label__logisticstracking to  machinery  failure.also,  because  there  are  less  incidents  and  consequently  less  outages,  every  plant  productivity  increases.  this  can  help  drop  prices  for  consumers  and  increase  profit  margins  for  industrial  companies  which  is  a  winwin.  a  few  examples  of  companies  offering  iot  solutions  for  the  manufacturing  industry  include  ,  ,  and  .  this  is,  perhaps,  one  of  the  most  famous  applications  of  iot  technology.  it  is  safe  to  say  that,  without  iot  and  strong  wireless  networks,  selfdriving  cars  would  be  completely  impossible.  indeed,  just  a  few  decades  ago,  the  concept  was  looked  on  as  a  science  fiction  case.  but  today,  there
__label__logisticstracking are  more  companies  than  ever  exploring  selfdriving  cars.  the  potential  benefits  of  successful  research  from  companies  like  uber,  waymo,  ford,  and  dozens  of  other  companies  could  be  enormous.  we  have  seen  more  joint  deals  between  car  manufacturers  and  longtime  technology  companies,  but  there  are  also  technology  firms  joining  forces  together  such  as  .  and  more  efficient.  designers  of  future  cities  even  see  them  as  a  way  to  eliminate  parking  lots  and  structures,  creating  a  more  humanfriendly  environment.  it  remains  to  be  seen  when  selfdriving  cars  will  become  widespread  and  be  available  for  purchase.  they  may  be  available  to  the  public
__label__logisticstracking as  soon  as  2020,  and  .  but  regardless  of  how  soon  they  are  adopted,  selfdriving  cars  remain  a  revolutionary  use  case  for  iot.  asset  tracking  is  one  of  the  most  powerful  use  cases  for  iot.  it  may  come  as  no  surprise  that  there  are  already  dozens  of  iot  products  and  software  companies  dedicated  to  tracking  assets,  ranging  from  cars,  ,  to  construction  equipment,  and  more.  while  gps  global  positioning  system  has  been  widely  used  over  the  years,  new  location  services  have  made  their  entrance  on  the  market.  connected  devices  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other,  which  makes  sensortosensor  communication
__label__logisticstracking a  good  alternative  to  gps.  consequently,  anything  large  enough  to  have  an  iot  sensor  and  receiver  attached  can  be  tracked  instantly,  around  the  world.  the  location  of  things  allows  for  the  quick  and  easy  geolocation  of  fixed  and  mobile  assets.  moreover,  because  sensors  can  collect  more  information  than  the  simple  positioning,  iot  is  offering  further  data  that  can  be  leveraged,  such  as  speed  or  surrounding  temperature.  the  capabilities  become  endless.  with  more  data  collected,  companies  can  better  understand  when  and  how  issues  occur,  and  even  prevent  them.  for  instance,  by  knowing  the  temperature,  speed  and  nature  of  the  road,  some
__label__logisticstracking companies  can  decide  on  rerouting  a  truck.  for  delivery  companies,  improved  tracking  means  better  logistics,  less  delays,  and  less  incidents.  some  of  the  companies  leading  innovation  in  this  space  include  ,  ,  telecom  giant  and  numerous  others.  as  time  goes  on  and  iot  becomes  even  more  affordable,  iotbased  asset  tracking  and  monitoring  is  sure  to  become  even  more  common.  the  population  of  the  world  is  aging.  due  to  the  expanding  world  population  and  advances  in  medical  technology,  lifespans  are  getting  longer.  it  is  predicted  that  between  2015  and  2030,  by  56,  from  900  millions  to  1.5  billion.  one  potentially  revolutionary
__label__logisticstracking application  for  iot  may  be  for  athome  medical  care.  many  people  today  are  choosing  to  in  their  own  homes  rather  than  live  in  an  assisted  living  facility.and  while  athome  caregivers  are  useful  for  helping  elderly  individuals  who  are  aging  in  place,  they  cannot  always  be  on  alert,  24/7.  thats  where  the  comes  in.  sensors  placed  in  the  home  and  worn  by  elderly  individuals  can  monitor  their  environment.  a  heart  rate  monitor  could  detect  excessive  exertion,  a  gyroscope  could  detect  falls  and  alert  authorities,  and  other  devices  could  monitor  the  health  and  wellbeing  of  elderly  individuals.  companies  like  ,  ,  and
__label__logisticstracking are  a  few  innovators,  focusing  on  wholehome  iot  for  senior  safety,  fall  prevention,  medication  reminders,  and  more.  as  the  population  continues  to  age,  were  sure  to  see  more  investment  in  smart  homes  for  athome  medical  care.  one  of  the  most  common  questions  about  the  internet  of  things  is  how  all  of  these  smart  solutions  will  be  powered,  and  the  answer  is  edge  computing.  while  iot  devices  can  collect  data,  they  are  not  designed  to  process  and  analyzed  it.  edge  computing  is  a  new  approach  to  computing  that  uses  edge  servers  smaller,  decentralized,  and  geographicallyclose  to  replace  and  support  data  centers.
__label__logisticstracking edge  servers  are  installed  just  a  few  hops  away  from  connected  devices,  so  data  can  be  quickly  collected  and  analyzed.  this  guarantees  low  latency  for  applications  and  high  data  processing  speeds  that  enable  innovations  like  selfdriving  cars.  if  youre  interested  in  building  an  iot  solution  with  a  platform  that  automate  the  deployment,  management  and  maintenance  of  iot  servers,  ormuco  is  the  perfect  partner  to  start  with.  our  ormuco  edge  solution  offers  you  to  manage  edge  workloads  through  a  unified  platform.  to  learn  more  about  ,  and  how  to  use  it  to  power  your  iot  use  cases,  please  or  feel  free
__label__logisticstracking to  .  sadissas  passion  is  it  and  shes  dedicated  the  last  20  years  to  fulfilling  it.  she  joined  ormuco  as  marketing  manager  in  2018.  previous  next  our  mission  is  to  be  a  leader  in  the  deployment  of  edge  computing  as  the  preferred  solution  for  data  processing.  we  support  companies  in  building  popular,  highquality  offerings  delivered  as  a  service.
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  despite  concerns  about  possible  trade  wars,  the  amount  of  goods  traded  around  the  world  and  the  number  and  size  of  the  supply  chains  through  which  these  goods  flow  continues  to  grow.  for  example,  the  anticipates  strong  merchandise  trade  volume  growth  of
__label__logisticstracking 4.4  percent  in  2018,  in  part  thanks  to  strong  economic  growth  around  the  world.  if  enterprises  want  supply  chains  that  allow  them  to  succeed  in  todays  tradedependent  economy,  supply  chain  and  logistics  managers  must  optimize  asset  control  and  tracking  systems  to  avoid  shipping  delays,  production  bottlenecks,  insufficient  inventories  and,  ultimately,  lost  sales.  new  asset  tracking  solutions  that  take  advantage  of  sensors  to  collect  realtime  data  for  uptotheminute  location  awareness  and  new  operational  insights  promise  to  deliver  more  goods  faster,  more  consistently  and  at  less  expense.  the  potential  rewards  are  huge  a  recent  report  found  that  could  be  created  by  the
__label__logisticstracking use  of  internet  of  things  iot  devices  and  asset  tracking  solutions  in  the  global  supply  chain  and  logistics  sector.  however,  to  build  these  asset  tracking  solutions,  oems  and  system  integrators  must  overcome  key  technical  challenges.  for  example,  many  containers  and  pallets  are  transported  through  remote  areas  with  poor  connectivity  and  limited  global  positioning  system  gps  coverage.  they  may  also  be  stored  indoors,  reducing  gps  tracking  effectiveness.  attempts  to  use  tracking  devices  have  also  been  held  back  by  high  power  consumption,  which  reduces  the  life  of  their  batteries,  making  them  expensive  and  impractical  to  use  for  many  asset  tracking  use  cases.
__label__logisticstracking however,  new  iot  technologies,  including  advanced  wireless  modules  and  sims  specifically  designed  for  iot  use  cases,  are  enabling  a  new  generation  of  asset  tracking  devices  to  allow  tracking  even  in  very  challenging  environments.  they  also  support  lower  power  consumption,  which  results  in  longer  battery  life  and  a  higher  roi  for  these  asset  tracking  solutions.  asset  tracking  systems  built  with  these  new  technologies  offer  significant  benefits  to  supply  chain  and  logistics  managers.  consider  the  complex  supply  chain  of  automobile  manufacturing,  which  requires  the  coordination  and  timely  delivery  of  thousands  of  components.  iot  asset  tracking  can  monitor  the  entire  lifecycle  of  these
__label__logisticstracking assets  from  a  single  pane  of  glass,  enabling  extremely  efficient  responses  to  any  disruption  in  the  supply  chain.  in  the  medical  industry,  this  precise  tracking  can  also  support  increasingly  complex  regulatory  requirements  related  to  the  condition  of  shipments.  precise  iot  asset  tracking  can  reduce  the  lost  to  cargo  theft,  while  a  more  efficient  supply  chain  also  improves  inventory  management,  enabling  companies  to  reduce  the  amount  of  idle  stock  in  their  warehouses,  deliver  the  right  products  to  their  customers  when  they  want  it  and  reduce  the  time  employees  waste  scrambling  to  find  missing  assets.  new  asset  tracking  systems  can  even  help
__label__logisticstracking companies  create  new  revenue  streams  by  using  iot  devices  on  their  assets  to  devise  new  services  or  pricing  models.  the  first  consideration  in  developing  an  asset  tracking  system  is  choosing  a  technology  vendor  that  can  deliver  a  devicetocloud  solution  dtc.  dtc  solutions  ensure  interoperability  across  hardware,  software  and  the  network,  whether  the  company  is  building  its  own  asset  tracking  application  or  buying  a  prebuilt  asset  tracking  application.  in  both  cases,  endtoend  dtc  solutions  will  make  it  easier  to  bring  together  data  from  various  iot  devices,  so  that  this  can  be  collated  and  managed  from  a  single  operational  dashboard.  dtc  solutions
__label__logisticstracking also  simplify  collection  and  analysis  of  this  data  for  insights  that  can  be  used  to  improve  supply  chain  efficiency.  in  addition,  dtc  solutions  reduce  the  chance  of  security  gaps  emerging  between  the  device,  network  and  cloud,  allowing  companies  to  better  safeguard  their  asset  tracking  devices  and  data.  further,  dtc  solutions  enable  companies  to  use  the  cloud  to  simplify  deployment  and  maintenance  of  iot  devices,  while  supporting  easy  implementation  of  new  asset  tracking  capabilities.  it  is  also  essential  to  insist  on  a  vendor  that  possesses  strong  experience  building  iot  dtc  solutions,  along  with  a  broad  existing  iot  ecosystem.  many  vendors  are
__label__logisticstracking just  breaking  ground  in  iot,  and  their  level  of  experience  in  building  out  global  endtoend  solutions  and  the  extent  of  their  partner  ecosystem  can  make  the  difference  between  a  project  that  succeeds  and  one  that  fails.  sierra  wireless  has  been  a  pioneer  in  developing  iot  solutions  and  offers  all  the  essential  hardware,  software  and  services  that  supply  chain  and  logistics  managers  need  to  build  a  complete  iotenabled  asset  tracking  solution,  including:  being  able  to  accurately  track  assets  as  they  move  through  global  supply  chains  can  provide  enterprises  with  powerful  competitive  advantages.  with  sierra  wireless  and  its  dtc  solutions  platform,  which
__label__logisticstracking incorporate  the  latest  gnss,  smart  sim  and  lpwa  technologies,  these  enterprises  can  deploy  mobile  asset  tracking  systems  that  digitally  transform  their  supply  chains.  with  the  valuable  insights  that  asset  tracking  solutions  provide,  enterprises  can  reduce  product  theft  and  damage,  lower  inventories  and  deliver  better  customer  service.  they  can  even  use  these  systems  to  create  new  business  models  and  not  just  transform  their  enterprises  supply  chain,  but  the  way  they  create  and  deliver  value.  there  is  1.9  trillion  in  value  waiting  to  be  created  by  enterprises  able  to  fully  utilize  iot  devices  and  asset  tracking  solutions.  the  question  is  which  supply
__label__logisticstracking chain  and  logistics  managers  will  do  so?  read  the  sierra  wireless  white  paper,  and  to  find  out  more  about  how  sierra  wireless  complete  line  of  iot  solutions  can  help  you  reinvent  your  asset  tracking  system  to  deliver  more  assets,  faster,  more  securely  and  at  a  lower  cost.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__logisticstracking no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__logisticstracking products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  iot  is  transforming  mining  with  connected  worker  use  cases  until  the  internet  of  things  entered  the  mainstream,  many  mining  companies  had  no  better
__label__logisticstracking way  of  monitoring  workers  and  connecting  operations  that  cover  large  stretches  of  land  in  some  of  the  worlds  remote  and  hazardous  areas.  with  the  current  digital  transformation  trend,  about  twothirds  of  businesses  have  already  implemented  or  plan  to  implement  smart  manufacturing  technologies.  as  a  digital  strategy  and  it  solutions  provider,  we  have  seen  a  considerable  adoption  of  mobile  apps,  energy  management  solutions,  advanced  analytics  and  smart  solutions  to  derive  insights  from  asset  and  operationsrelated  data,  increase  efficiency,  and  establish  an  environment,  health  and  safety  ehs  management  system.  if  we  talk  about  ehs  management  specifically,  new  iot  solutions  are  emerging  that
__label__logisticstracking incorporate  smart  connected  devices  and  use  sensorgenerated  data  to  mitigate  safety  risks  in  the  workplace.  technologies  such  as  connected  sensors  and  devices,  proximity  beacons  and  intelligent  wearables  together  with  a  smart  analytics  platform  and  cloud  computing  enable  connected  worker  use  cases.  mining  jobs  are  not  easy;  as  mining  fields  are  often  located  in  remote  areas  and  operations  span  great  distances.  it  has  been  a  big  time  goal  of  mining  companies  to  improve  safety,  efficiency  and  productivity  of  mine  operations  in  remote  areas  with  minimal  or  no  infrastructure  for  communications.  another  example  of  includes  a  manager  using  a  mobile  device  to
__label__logisticstracking record  shift  tasks  and  progress,  instead  of  carrying  a  bunch  of  papers  that  are  highly  prone  to  human  errors.  going  digital  empowers  mine  supervisors  and  operators  to  quickly  validate  and  distribute  key  production  data  so  that  they  can  react  promptly  and  avoid  workplace  accidents.  smart  sensors  and  wearables  such  as  helmets  and  smart  vests  can  help  supervisors  to  monitor  the  biological  condition  of  workers  remotely,  particularly  machine  operators  and  truck  drivers  who  are  at  a  risk  from  collapse  or  fatiguerelated  injuries.  with  the  help  of  smartwatches,  supervisors  can  monitor  workers  location  and  aiding  rescue  operations  in  case  of  emergency.  moreover,
__label__logisticstracking unpredicted  temperature  and  toxic  contaminants  can  cause  some  serious  health  related  issues.  sensors  fitted  at  different  locations  can  trigger  alarms  if  a  danger  is  detected.  a  connected  worker  solution  not  only  ensures  worker  safety  but  also  improves  realtime  collaboration  between  field  workers  and  supervisors  or  managers,  thereby  increasing  the  efficiency  of  both.  while  businesses  are  taking  advantage  of  iot  and  ai  to  transform  their  businesses,  it  is  very  important  to  align  smart  solutions  with  a  business  strategy  and  update  processes  in  order  to  make  it  work.  iot  is  largely  implemented  across  different  industries  including  manufacturing,  construction,  retail,  chemical,  oil  gas,
__label__logisticstracking mining,  agriculture,  healthcare,  etc.  companies  that  belong  to  the  mining  industry  should  look  into  the  connected  worker  use  cases  as  iot  holds  a  great  potential  to  revolutionize  workplace  safety,  improve  compliance  and  reduce  insurance  costs  for  liability.  if  you  are  not  sure  how  to  adopt  industry  4.0  to  ensure  worker  safety  and  boost  productivity,  feel  free  to  contact  us.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__logisticstracking pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__logisticstracking across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__logisticstracking gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__logisticstracking right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__logisticstracking harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__logisticstracking ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__logisticstracking surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__logisticstracking collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__logisticstracking track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__logisticstracking thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__logisticstracking costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__logisticstracking offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__logisticstracking you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__logisticstracking thinar  iot  use  case  locate  workers  in  realtime,  any  time.  empower  workers  to  call  for  help  ornotify  of  man  down.  uncover  trends  and  insights  aboutworkers  and  their  environments.  an  international  metal  manufacturer  sets  new  standard  in  worker  safety  byputting  the  power  to  call  for  help  into  workers  hands.  an  international  metal  manufacturer  was  looking  for  ways  to  ensure  worker  safety  across  facilities.  in  critical  times  of  emergencies,  safety  workers  have  a  hard  time  locating  plant  workers  due  to  the  sheer  size  of  the  facilities.  traditional  manufacturing  environments  make  itdifficult  to  track  workers  due  to  scale,  impeding  material  and  harsh  environments.
__label__logisticstracking in  turn,  employers  find  it  difficult  to  ensure  worker  safety  because  they  lack  ability  to  direct  safety  workers  to  their  crew  members  in  times  of  emergency.  theinternational  manufacturerused  thinars  platform  and  easy  workertracking  solution  to  gain  a  realtime  view  of  all  workers  throughout  the  entire  facility.  the  solution  includes  industrial  badge  beacons  capable  of  emitting  proximity  information,  industrial  distress  buttons  capable  of  emitting  emergency  signals,  enterprisegrade  gateways  capable  of  capturing  beacon  information  and  ,  a  webbased  dashboard  that  displays  realtime  information  about  critical  assets.  to  gain  realtime  insights  into  their  workers,  the  facility  management  and  thinar  implementation  services  teamsprovided  each
__label__logisticstracking worker  with  an  industrial  badge  beacon  and  industrial  distress  button.  every  worker  in  the  facility  was  tagged  and  entered  into  a  dashboard  system  so  they  could  easily  be  located  and  aided  in  critical  situations  or  emergencies.  to  captureworker  location  information,  enterprisegrade  gateways  were  placed  throughout  thefacility  to  capture  movement  details  about  theworkers  and  any  distress  signals.  but  how  does  that  translate  to  realtime  data  thatkeeps  people  safe  in  times  of  need?  built  on  a  flexible  but  robust  platform,  is  the  webbased  dashboard  that  displays  captured  location  information  in  a  humanreadable  format  that  anyone  can  use  to  understand  whereworkers  are,  how
__label__logisticstracking theyredoingand  if  theyre  in  need  of  assistance.  the  moment  the  solution  is  deployed,  the  facility  is  immediately  safer.  workers  whose  locations  were  previously  unknown  are  instantly  capable  of  being  locatedfrom  virtually  anywhere.  whats  more  is  those  workers  now  have  the  ability  to  call  for  help  no  matter  where  they  are,  even  if  they  dont  have  a  2way  communication  device  on  their  person.  and  thats  just  another  way  thinar  brings  value  to  the  manufacturing  industry  and  keeps  people  safe  no  matter  how  dangerous  their  work.  to  learn  more  about  this  use  case  and  other  solutions  powered  by  thinar,  .  thinar  is
__label__logisticstracking previous  next  share  on:  share  the  post  ensure  miners  safety  and  efficiency  with  smart  connected  worker  whether  its  steel  to  erect  huge  buildings  or  diamonds  to  show  your  love  to  your  dear  ones,  all  these  are  extracted  and  mined  from  depths  of  the  earth.  the  mining  industry  is  the  reason  we  have  all  our  luxuries  around  us.  however,  mining  is  one  of  the  riskiest  jobs  of  all.  imagine  a  human  being  working  miles  beneath  the  surface  of  the  earth  and  by  any  means  if  an  accident  occurs  at  the  site,  its  a  catastrophic  situation  which  no  one  wants  to  deal
__label__logisticstracking with.  the  major  challenge  the  mining  industry  is  currently  facing  today  is  ensuring  the  miners  safety,  track  them  remotely  and  achieve  better  regulatory  compliance.  the  mining  industry  is  constantly  looking  for  mediums  to  monitor  the  activities  of  a  miner  while  working  in  any  accident  prone  zone.  apart  from  the  safety  of  a  miner,  businesses  are  also  in  search  for  a  solution  that  can  improve  the  efficiency  of  miners.  to  know  how  smart  connected  worker  can  be  helpful  for  employees  and  supervisors,  you  can  request  a  demo  by  clicking  here.  connecting  the  miners,  in  addition  to  having  a  fullyconnected  system  has
__label__logisticstracking now  become  a  feasible  solution  to  achieve  better  operational  efficiency  and  to  ensure  miner  safety  and  increased  productivity.  along  with  connected  assets  and  machinery,  connected  workers  can  help  a  company  gain  better  regulatory  compliance  and  take  a  realtime  glance  at  miner  activity  and  health.  with  the  help  of  wearables  and  rfid  tags,  an  iotenabled  smart  connected  worker  solution  can  track  and  monitor  the  presence  of  a  worker  in  the  mine.  the  solution  allows  supervisors  to  monitor  the  checkins  and  checkouts  of  any  particular  worker  in  the  mine.  the  information  of  the  worker  is  fed  to  the  chipset  present  at  the
__label__logisticstracking wearables  of  the  worker  which  is  further  captured  by  the  sensors  present  in  the  mine.  during  his  time  in  the  mine,  the  worker  may  enter  some  forbidden  zones,  which  might  not  be  safe  for  him.  as  soon  as  the  worker  steps  into  such  a  zone,  the  sensors  present  in  the  helmet  and  wearables  automatically  warn  the  worker  and  even  alerts  the  management  to  take  care  of  the  worker.  injuries  are  quite  common  in  a  mine,  but  these  injuries  can  prove  fatal  in  some  instances.  to  avoid  any  such  loss,  the  solution  will  keep  a  constant  check  on  the  worker.  in
__label__logisticstracking any  case  a  miner  gets  into  a  situation  where,  he  has  hurt  himself  quite  seriously  or  has  fallen  from  a  height,  the  iotenabled  smart  connected  worker  solution  will  inform  the  authorities  who  can  give  him  proper  treatment  and  guide  him  safely  out  of  the  mining  area.  over  30  per  cent  of  businesses  will  achieve  a  competitive  advantage  through  connecting  workers  and  exploiting  digital  technologies.  learn  how  you  can  ensure  workers  safety,  efficiency,  productivity  and  availability  with  smart  connected  worker.  iot  in  agriculture  a  way  towards  smart  farming  how  the  iot  delivers  business  value  to  the  manufacturing  industry  how  the  internet
__label__logisticstracking of  things  impacts  the  logistics  business  how  the  iot  can  benefit  your  healthcare  organization  how  the  internet  of  things  is  helping  retailers  become  smarter  how  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  the  sports  world  how  iot  can  be  used  to  build  smart  cities  how  iot  can  be  used  to  make  cars  smarter  how  to  leverage  iot  for  smart  energy  management  transforming  the  construction  industry  with  the  internet  of  things  iotenabled  field  service  management  how  the  hospitality  industry  is  using  the  iot  to  serve  guests  in  a  smarter  way
__label__logisticstracking know  where  your  parts  are  in  near  realtime.  discover  how  the  iot  marketplace  can  help  make  it  easy  to  build  and  deploy  asset  management  use  case  solutions.  auto  parts  help  get  your  clients  back  on  the  road  more  quickly  with  proper  inventory  and  location  of  parts  shipments.  equipment  parts  know  when  parts  arrive  at  the  recipients  location  so  service  technicians  are  ready  to  install  them,  helping  save  unnecessary  downtime  and  lost  revenue.  highvalue  packages  track  where  valuable  packages  are  to  mitigate  theft.  temperaturesensitive  packages  set  thresholds  for  humidity,  temperature,  impact,  and  ambient  light  intensity  helping  to  ensure  package  contents  arrive
__label__logisticstracking in  peak  condition.  available  devices  bewhere  b1miot  r4int  battery  micron  ata  cat  m  with  button  smatk02  asset  tracker  lte  type  gps  global  wifi  bt  rechargeable  battery  motion  impact  vibration  enclosure  temperature  humidity  light  airflight  lifetime  messages  yes,  we  have  devices  that  support  both  gps  and  wifi  for  determining  location.  yes,  we  have  devices  that  can  detect  light.  these  devices  can  help  alert  you  that  a  package  has  been  opened.  in  most  cases,  our  devices  are  reusable.  ability  to  use  may  vary  by  device,  lifetime  messages  and  battery  life.  we  are  committed  to  protecting  your  .  thank  you  for  contacting  us
__label__logisticstracking about  package  tracking.  an  att  representative  will  contact  you  shortly  to  provide  any  additional  information  and  answer  any  questions.  your  feedback  will  help  us  to  improve  att  business  so  you  continue  to  have  a  great  experience  when  visiting  us  att  intellectual  property.  all  rights  reserved.  att,  the  att  logo  and  all  other  att  marks  contained  herein  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property  and/or  att  affiliated  companies.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  this  site  uses  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies.  these  help  the  site  function  better.  they  also  help  us  improve  it.  this  data  gives  us
__label__logisticstracking feedback  on  how  you  use  our  products  and  services,  helps  us  develop  promotional  and  marketing  material  more  relevant  to  you,  and  allows  us  to  connect  you  with  apt  content  from  third  parties.  read  more  about  cookies  and  how  to  manage  your  settings  for  information  specifically  applicable  to  users  in  the  european  economic  area,  please  .  please  provide  the  following  information  to  access  your  document:  to  access  your  content,  please  check  your  browser  settings  to  make  sure  popup  windows  are  allowed.
__label__logisticstracking dale  benton  internet  of  things  innovator  ,  today  announced  that  its  device  and  monitoring  system  is  entering  the  next  phase  of  deployments  with  leading  logistics  customers  and  partners.  the  company  also  announced  a  strategic  funding  round,  led  by  european  packaging  materials  giant,  billerudkorsns  ab.  alongside  existing  investors,  the  strategic  investment  was  led  by  billerudkorsns  venture  ab,  a  subsidiary  to  billerudkorsns,  which  offers  smart  and  sustainable  solutions  for  the  global  packaging  market.  this  investment  is  part  of  a  longterm  objective  by  billerudkorsns  to  seek  synergies  by  investing  in  earlystage  companies  having  innovative  packagingrelated  solutions.  the  funding  and  global  support  will  help
__label__logisticstracking hanhaa  expand  its  team  and  allow  it  to  focus  on  bringing  its  innovative  parcelive  service  to  market.  the  parcelive  technology  fits  our  longterm  objective  of  bringing  valueadding  digital  services  into  the  packaging  industry,  which  we  refer  to  as  the  internet  of  packaging,  said  .  parcelive  also  addresses  sustainability  concerns  in  a  way  that  support  billerudkorsns  strategy  of  challenging  conventional  packaging  for  a  sustainable  future.  designed  for  tracking  highvalue,  fragile,  and  time  or  temperaturesensitive  packages,  parcelive  is  a  postcardsized  device  that  is  inserted  into  a  parcel  at  the  point  of  distribution.  by  monitoring  several  key  factors,  the  device  allows  both  sender
__label__logisticstracking and  receiver  to  monitor  the  exact  location  and  condition  of  their  package  in  realtime.  beyond  highly  accurate  gps  tracking,  parcelive  also  tracks  and  records  the  temperature  and  humidity  experienced  by  a  parcel,  an  accelerometer  identifies  if  it  has  been  dropped,  and  light  detection  tells  the  monitoring  system  when  the  parcel  has  been  opened.  with  a  unique  business  model,  parcelive  provides  senders  with  a  riskfree  option  for  realtime  parcel  tracking.  parcelive  is  a  subscription  service  and  the  devices  are  rented,  rather  than  owned  by  the  sender.  responsibility  for  the  devices,  including  return,  maintenance  and  charging,  is  handled  by  hanhaa.  following  a
__label__logisticstracking series  of  successful  pilots,  parcelive  is  entering  public  engagements  with  logistics  companies  including  sigma  retail  solutions  and  avarto  bertelsmann;  just  two  of  a  growing  network  of  partners  that  serve  some  of  the  worlds  mostrecognized  brands.  the  industry  rollout  will  be  officially  launched  onjanuary  30that  an  event  at  hanhaas  london  headquarters,  where  attendees  will  be  able  to  see  the  results  of  the  parcellive  pilots  and  learn  how  the  disruptive  technology  addresses  growing  industry  challenges  with  a  bundle  of  new  innovations.  we  are  excited  to  be  involved  in  the  parcelive  rollout  this  technology  provides  our  supply  chain  team  with  much  richer  data
__label__logisticstracking that  we  can  apply  to  service  level  improvement,  said  which  handles  shipping  for  boots,  asda  and  kmart  among  others.  this  not  only  allows  sigma  to  track  essential  deliveries  to  tight  project  timescales  but  also  improves  client  confidence  with  regular  updates  on  location  and  the  condition  of  parcels.  the  first  wave  of  the  rollout  will  involve  500  parcelive  devices  tracking  real  parcels  on  their  journeys  across  the  world.  the  company  is  on  track  to  produce  20,000  units  for  general  availability  by  mid2017.  with  global  parcel  shipping  volume  forecast  to  grow  by  20  percent  by  2018,  and  an  increasing  reliance  on  thirdparty
__label__logisticstracking logistics  providers,  businesses  are  under  increasing  pressure  to  improve  the  delivery  process,  said  .  we  are  delighted  to  see  parcelive  entering  the  retail  distribution  networks  of  some  of  the  worlds  leading  brands  and  logistics  service  providers.  we  are  very  confident  that  these  relationships  will  grow  exponentially  when  they  see  how  parcelive  transforms  their  business.  parcelive  helps  in  three  key  areas:  parcelives  deployment  follows  a  successful  pilot  with  partner  arvato  bertelsmann,  which  manages  the  return  of  parcelive  devices  sent  back  by  the  parcel  recipient  in  addition  to  using  the  system  for  its  own  clients  parcel  tracking.  we  have  a  lot  of
__label__logisticstracking customers  in  the  hightech  industry,  healthcare  industry  and  the  automotive  industry  who  have  the  need  to  track  the  location  and  condition  of  their  parcels  anywhere  in  the  world,  said  .  the  ability  to  get  this  much  information  on  our  shipments  at  this  big  a  scale  is  very  exciting.  2019  bizclik  media  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking utilizing  iot  and  digital  supply  chain  management  platforms  have  moved  far  beyond  looking  at  only  ocean  carrier  milestones.  with  this  new  level  of  endtoend  shipment  visibility,  shippers  can  instantly  access  transit  times  from  every  carrier  along  the  route  to  create  efficiencies  and  increase  communication  within  their  organizations  ultimately  providing  the  highest  level  of  customer  satisfaction.  digitized  data  comes  in  many  formats,  including  feeds  from  the  internet  of  things  iot.  global  supply  chains  are  ideal  candidates  for  iot  applications  because  there  are  so  many  moving  parts  and  multiple  parties.  iot  applications  capture  and  share  immense  amounts  of  data  that  equip  logistics
__label__logisticstracking managers  with  a  level  of  visibility  not  previously  achievable.  specifically,  for  shippers  and  the  carriers  moving  their  products,  advances  in  cellular  devices  and  networks  have  made  it  possible  for  lessthantruckload  ltl  and  other  overtheroad  truckers  to  provide  tracking  data.  these  connected  tracking  devices  feed  into  transportation  management  and  supply  chain  platforms  to  provide  critical  information  at  the  pallet  and  package  level.  when  connected  with  the  ocean,  air,  and  rail  shipment  tracking,  these  last  mile  data  systems  give  shippers  a  competitive  edge.  to  alleviate  the  pressure  on  your  supply  chain,  the  most  important  component  is  a  technology  platform  with  one  big
__label__logisticstracking view  of  everything  across  your  multimodal  transportation  ecosystem.  the  gps  tracking  device  system  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  usd  2.53  billion  by  2023,  at  11.9  of  cagr  between  2017  and  2023.  source:  it  enables  shippers  to  be  in  control  of  their  transportation  and  locate  freight  at  any  point  in  its  journey.  improved  product  quality  and  consistency  decreased  in  warehousing  and  storage  costs  reduced  impact  of  stock  outs  staying  proactive  during  supply  chain  disruptions  reduced  product  shrinkage  and  insurance  costs  trade  route  analysis  lower  labor  costs  improved  brand  protection  it  is  made  up  of  three  things:sensors,  connectivity,  andapplications.  sensorsmake  it
__label__logisticstracking possible  to  know  the  location  of  your  containers,  and  theconnectivitypiece  which  is  particularly  difficult  when  at  sea  transmits  that  location  data  back  to  anapplication.  often  shipping  companies  will  pull  the  location  data  out  of  an  api  and  put  it  into  their  logistics  platform,  where  the  data  can  be  analyzed.  track  and  trace  features  are  available  on  a  transportation  management  system  tms.  with  this  technology,  companieshave  insight  into  carrier  performance,  transportation  costs,  and  market  trends  as  they  manage  theirlogistics.  there  are  different  ways  like  ble  tags,  gps  orwifi.
__label__logisticstracking a  simple  and  affordable  pricing  system  ensures  anybody  can  use  this  device.  the  only  costs  arethe  monthly  service  charge  of  15,  and  your  fully  refundable  deposit.  no  equipment  costs,  and  no  contracts.  supply  chain  control  tower  order  management  advance  ship  notice  electronic  integration  inventory  visibility  internet  of  things  iot  electronic  invoicing  contract  manufacturing  efficient  receiving  document  management  quality  management  real  time  monitoring  block  chain  security  inbound  freight  consolidation  forecast  collaboration  mobile  apps  for  supply  chain  edi  for  amazon  edi  for  grainger  edi  for  frys  electronics  edi  for  home  depot  edi  for  wayfair  edi  for  bjs  audio  edi  for  cardinal  edi
__label__logisticstracking for  tjmax  edi  for  marshalls  edi  for  kohl  edi  for  sephora  edi  for  zappos  edi  for  royal  canin  edi  for  general  mills  edi  for  pepsi  quickbooks  edi  shopify  dropship  bigcommerce  dropship  skuvault  edi  stichlabs  edi  pharma  food  cosmetics  manufacturing  electronics  retail  services
__label__logisticstracking roambee  puts  you  in  control  of  goods  and  assets  with  purposefully  built  sensor  hardware,  cloud  data  analytics,  and  automation  for  reliable  monitoring  and  response  indoors,  outdoors,  and  intransit.  there  are  no  sensors  to  purchase  or  manage;  you  only  pay  for  what  you  monitor.  shipments  inventory  returnable  assets  field  assets  roambees  ondemand  solution,  along  with  the  complete  management  of  the  bees  forward  and  reverse  logistics,  helps  us  get  visibility  across  all  the  shipments  without  relying  on  our  transport  vendors.  before  roambee,  we  were  at  the  mercy  of  the  transporter.
__label__logisticstracking valid  is  a  global  technology  provider  that  offers  a  complete  portfolio  of  solutions  in  payment,  find  out  about  valids  board  of  executive  officers.  valid  starts  to  operate  in  brazil  under  the  name  of  thomas  de  la  rue  as  company  interprint  was  acquired  in  may  2008.  with  headquarters  in  the  state  of  so  paulo,  brazil,  valid  believes  it  is  our  responsibility  to  our  stakeholders  and  the  economic  regions  where  valid  believes  that  trust  is  something  that  you  earn  though  our  actions,  our  daily  achievements  valids  ideas  reach  our  employees.  read  the  articles  written  by  our  experts  on  the  website  and  on
__label__logisticstracking valids  data  solutions  can  be  utilized  by  just  about  any  industry,  but  the  most  receptive  valids  highly  specialized  team  in  support,  service  and  delivery  of  digital  certificates  seeks  to  offer  a  wide  range  of  secure  solutions  for  handling,  issuing  and  checking  of  personal  valids  iot  solutions  have  been  specially  designed  to  offer  the  opportunity  for  mnos,  service  valid  launches  valid  education,  which  consists  of  automation  modules  for  electronic  data  management  in  the  issuance  of  ediplomas  valid  is  fully  dedicated  to  an  open  interworking  landscape  of  telecom  solutions  all  the  while  payment  solutions  menu  valid  is  one  of  the  main  solutions
__label__logisticstracking providers  for  the  financial  market.  its  expertise  successfully  all  contact  information  concerning  press  inquiries  can  be  found  below.  please  choose  the  valids  iot  solutions  have  been  specially  designed  to  offer  the  opportunity  for  mnos,  service  providers,  and  m2m  customers  to  address  the  amazing  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  as  well  as  the  multiple  needs  from  customers  to  reinvent  themselves  to  cope  with  the  new  demands  from  a  digitally  empowered  community.  by  adopting  a  vertical  market  approach  per  both  applications  and  specific  requirements,  valid  aligns  its  technologies  with  mnos  business  environment  and  m2m  customers  to  provide  a  fast  route
__label__logisticstracking market  and  position  their  brand  with  biggest  iot  players.  our  solutions  in  this  area:  this  solution  allows  complete  tracking  of  checked  baggage  by  airlines  and  airports,  this  solution  enables  machinetomachine  m2m  connections  of  all  types  of  connected  this  solution  designed  for  manufacturers  and  hospitals,  serves  to  help  them  improve  a  fully  packaged  end  to  end  solution  that  enables  mnos  and  service  providers  this  solution  is  a  guarantee  to  product  manufacturer  and  merchandiser  that  designed  for  clothing  and  footwear  sectors,  this  solution  has  the  challenge  of  including  the  biggest  challenge  was  to  deliver  an  antenna  and  chip  design  that  can  be
__label__logisticstracking read  a  solution  designed  to  help  lpg  bottling  companies  obtain  information  on  use  this  solution  offers  precise  control  to  companies  that  sell  used  car  parts,  over  their  stock  software  that  enables  automated  data  capture  for  different  types  of  encodings.  a  software  platform  that  enables  the  optimization  of  logistical  processes  related  to  packaging  and  product  shipping.  modular  system  for  cloudbased  inventory  control.
__label__logisticstracking track  your  assets  using  the  sigfox  iot  network.  whether  your  assets  are  traveling  across  seasfrom  port  to  port,  across  acres  of  land,  throughout  a  large  campus,  or  within  a  onebuilding  facility,  sigfox  iot  network  enables  insight  into  where  your  assetsare  located.  tracking  assets  that  do  not  have  a  high  value  or  high  price  tag  may  not  seem  economical,  but  to  sigfox  all  goods  are  valuable.  our  low  costconnectivity  and  long  device  battery  life  has  broken  down  the  barriers  of  iot  asset  tracking  and  allows  no  goods  to  be  left  behind.  machinery  livestock  packages  pallets  containers  vehicles  equipment  employees  employees  medical
__label__logisticstracking equipment  and  devices  equipment  and  tools  remote  employees  equipment,  large  and  small  scale  shipping  and  receiving  shopping  carts  shipping  receiving  lost  assets  means  lost  money.  it  should  be  intuitive  to  track  the  location  of  assets.  however  the  cost  of  legacy  connectivity  to  track  goods  sometimes  outweighs  the  cost  of  the  goods  themselves.  with  sigfox  iot  connectivity,  it  is  feasible  to  put  a  tracker  on  any  asset  and  recover  lost  goods,  no  matter  their  perceived  value.  you  can  economically  track  strawberries,  nails,  and  televisions  no  goods  left  behind  with  sigfox  iot  connectivity.  without  insight  into  the  location  of  your  assets,  you
__label__logisticstracking waste  time  searching  for  them,  replacing  them,  and  simply  reacting  to  the  fact  that  they  are  in  the  wrong  place.  with  insights  into  the  location  of  your  assets,  you  can  operate  efficiently  not  wasting  time  and  resources  reacting  to  wheres  my  stuff?  customers  expect  their  goods  to  be  in  a  certain  location  and  when  that  is  not  the  case,  it  is  important  that  the  item  be  quickly  located.  an  example  is  a  hospital  where  rented  equipment  is  moved  around  frequently.  equipment  vendors  can  install  inexpensive  iot  sensors  on  their  assets,  so  the  items  can  be  easily  located  when  they  need
__label__logisticstracking to  service  or  replace  them.  this  reduces  risk  to  the  customer,  providing  them  with  more  insight  into  their  operations,  and  ultimately  increasing  satisfaction.  there  is  no  need  for  increased  inventory  when  you  know  the  locations  of  your  existing  inventory.  goods  that  are  unused  in  an  unknown  location  are  a  waste  of  assets.  improve  the  use  of  your  inventory  and  reduce  excess  inventory.  sigfox  connectivity  coupled  our  iot  ecosystem  partners,  including  device  design  houses,  system  integrators,  and  platform  providers  can  create  an  iot  asset  tracking  solution  that  allows  you  to  track  your  specific  assets  at  scale  and  across  the  globe.  sigfox
__label__logisticstracking lpwan  can  help  you  track  your  things,  whatever  they  may  be.  lets  connect.  sigfox  usa  is  the  iot  network  operator  in  the  us  for  the  global  low  power,  wide  area  lpwa  connectivity  provider,  sigfox.  33  arch  st.,  17th  floor  boston,  ma  02110  5001  lbj  freeway,  suite  830  heritage  two  dallas,  tx  75244  75  e  w  santa  clara  st.  san  jose,  ca  95113
__label__logisticstracking by  a  new  internet  of  things  solution  is  aiming  to  take  parcel  tracking  to  the  next  level,  with  the  ability  to  monitor  everything  from  exact  location  to  the  condition  of  a  package  in  real  time.  designed  for  tracking  highvalue,  fragile  and  time  or  temperature  sensitive  packages  the  parcelive  device  and  monitoring  system  is  a  postcardsized  device  that  is  put  into  a  parcel  at  the  point  of  distribution.  as  well  as  gps  tracking  it  is  able  to  monitor  key  factors  such  as  temperature  and  humidity.  an  accelerometer  identifies  if  it  has  been  dropped  and  a  light  detection  system  tells  the  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking system  when  the  parcel  has  been  opened.  the  company  behind  the  solution,  hanhaa,  has  announced  a  strategic  funding  round,  led  by  european  packaging  materials  giant  billerudkorsns  ab,  which  will  help  the  company  expand  its  team  and  its  efforts  to  bring  the  new  service  to  market.  the  product  has  already  undergone  a  series  of  pilots,  according  to  hanhaa,  and  is  now  being  adopted  by  logistics  specialists  including  sigma  retail  solutions,  which  has  the  likes  of  boots  and  asda  amongst  its  retail  clients,  and  avarto  bertelsmann.  we  are  excited  to  be  involved  in  the  parcelive  rollout,  said  andrew  gaunt,  supply  chain  manager
__label__logisticstracking at  sigma  retail  solutions.  this  not  only  allows  sigma  to  track  essential  deliveries  to  tight  project  timescales  but  also  improves  client  confidence  with  regular  updates  on  location  and  the  condition  of  parcels,  he  said.  the  parcelive  service  is  a  subscription  model  where  devices  are  rented  with  responsibility  for  the  device,  including  return,  maintenance  and  charging  handled  by  hanhaa.  the  first  wave  of  the  products  rollout,  which  will  launch  at  the  end  of  this  month,  will  see  500  parcelive  devices  tracking  real  parcels  on  their  journeys  across  the  world.  hanhaa  says  it  plans  to  produce  20,000  units  for  general  availability  by
__label__logisticstracking the  middle  of  this  year.  with  global  parcel  shipping  volume  forecast  to  grow  by  20  by  2018,  and  an  increasing  reliance  on  thirdparty  logistics  providers,  businesses  are  under  increasing  pressure  to  improve  the  delivery  process,  said  azhar  hussain,  founder  and  ceo,  hanhaa.  we  are  delighted  to  see  parcelive  entering  the  retail  distribution  networks  of  some  of  the  worlds  leading  brands  and  logistics  service  providers.  we  are  very  confident  that  these  relationships  will  grow  exponentially  when  they  see  how  parcelive  transforms  their  business,  he  said.  before  shipment,  the  sender  scans  the  unique  code  on  the  parcelive  device  linking  it  to  the
__label__logisticstracking order  and  places  it  inside  the  parcel  where  stays  for  the  duration  of  its  trip.  from  this  point  on  the  parcel  is  live,  giving  sender  and  receiver  a  unique  insight  into  the  parcels  location,  condition  and  security.  alerts  are  sent  should  something  happen  to  the  parcel,  such  as  the  time  and  location  of  a  security  breach.  once  at  its  destination  the  receiver  removes  the  device  from  the  parcel  and  pushes  a  button  to  display  a  return  address  on  parcelives  eink  screen.  the  device  is  then  freeposted  back  without  the  need  for  a  stamp  or  envelope.  via  six  sensors,  parcelive  monitors
__label__logisticstracking a  range  of  parcel  conditions  in  realtime:  parcelive  users  can  choose  to  be  alerted  based  on  certain  changes  in  any  of  these  conditions.  for  example,  an  alert  can  be  triggered  if  a  parcel  remains  in  one  location  for  too  long,  if  the  temperature  exceeds  a  certain  level,  or  once  it  arrives  within  a  certain  distance  from  its  destination.  image  credit:  hanhaa  sjp  business  media  tel:  uk  44  0207  0622  525  email:
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  provides  managed  solutions  for  companies  whose  fleets  and  other  assets  move  between  multiple  suppliers,  customers  and  manufacturers.  by  using  the  internet  of  things  iot,  our  managed  asset  tracking  solutions  wirelessly  track  containers,  bins,  crates  and  vehicles  virtually  any  asset,
__label__logisticstracking anywhere  in  the  world.  in  a  world  of  increasingly  complex  and  globalized  logistics,  the  ability  to  accurately  track  your  assets  is  a  significant  competitive  advantage.  especially  when  you  consider  that  companies  are  losing  2.4  billion  dollars  to  cargo  loss  or  damage  and  more  than  30  billion  dollars  to  theft  every  year.  by  deploying  an  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  solution,  you  gain  global  visibility  of  assets  wherever  they  are  in  realtime,  improving  efficiency,  eliminating  delays,  reducing  operational  costs,  and  preventing  theft,  loss,  and  vandalism.  asset  tracking  has  many  realworld  applications  including:  no  matter  which  assets  you  want  to  track  or  whether
__label__logisticstracking youd  like  to  build  or  buy,  sierra  wireless  has  you  covered.  with  our  broad  portfolio,  we  can  help  you  stay  connected  to  your  highvalue  assets  in  realtime  no  matter  what  your  unique  business  needs  are.  our  devicetocloud  asset  tracking  capabilities  with  modules,  gateways,  connectivity,  and  iot  platform  integration  means  we  can  build  a  customized  solution  tailored  specifically  to  your  needs.  if  you  need  to  start  tracking  your  assets  fast,  we  have  a  variety  of  prepackaged,  managed  solutions  that  are  both  costeffective  and  turnkey  for  small  and  medium  businesses  with  limited  resources.  get  ready  to  build  or  buy  your  asset  tracking
__label__logisticstracking solution.  start  with  sierra  today.  with  our  asset  tracking  managed  solutions,  companies  can  target  the  exact  location  of  assets  in  near  realtime,  enabling  quick  and  decisive  action,  should  a  problem  or  change  in  scheduling  occur.  these  tracking  solutions  ensure  your  highvalue  assets  are  safe,  secure  and  where  they  should  be,  even  when  in  route  to,  or  in  remote  locations.  building  a  solution  to  wirelessly  track  and  monitor  assets,  as  well  as  the  goods  they  contain,  can  be  complex  and  so  can  its  ongoing  maintenance.  thats  why  we  offer  asset  tracking  as  fullyintegrated,  endtoend  managed  services  that  are  fast  and  easy
__label__logisticstracking to  deploy,  with  minimal  startup  costs,  backed  by  decades  of  iot  experience  from  the  global  leader  of  wireless  modules.  asset  tracking  focuses  on  giving  companies  visibility  into  where,  what,  and  how  assets  are  deployed.  by  tracking  and  monitoring  these  assets  through  a  webbased  application,  managers  can  make  smarter,  more  timely  decisions  based  on  facts.  this  type  of  business  intelligence  drives  performance  and  creates  significant  competitive  advantages.  companies  shipping  hazardous  materials  through  remote  regions  need  visibility  on  the  status  of  volatile  cargo,  while  valuable  goods  can  be  prone  to  theft.  when  moving  cargo  from  one  location  to  the  next,  remote  tracking
__label__logisticstracking of  every  pallet  and  bin  helps  prevent  accidents  and  loss  while  improving  realtime  forecasting.  mobile  assets  such  as  heavy  machinery,  equipment,  or  a  fleet  of  vehicles  and  the  inventory  they  carry  are  complex  and  time  consuming  to  manage  manually.  driver  behaviour  and  vehicle  performance  affect  not  only  safety  but  also  fuel  efficiency  and  insurance  costs.  fleet  tracking  solutions  improve  roi  through  reduced  inventory  loss,  improved  productivity,  and  enhanced  safety.  in  an  emergency,  highvalue  assets  need  to  be  deployed  quickly,  and  to  the  right  place.  the  ability  to  track  and  locate  these  assets  as  needed  is  vital  to  providing  prompt  relief
__label__logisticstracking in  the  face  of  disasters  and  catastrophic  acts  of  nature.  tracking  assets  as  they  move  though  the  supply  chain  is  a  huge  advantage  for  businesses.  but  generating  realtime  data  on  mobile  assets  is  hard,  due  to:  sierra  wireless  managed  solutions  are  fullyintegrated  from  device  to  cloud  to  deliver  accurate,  timely  visibility  into  the  location  of  fleets  and  highvalue  assets.  the  specialized  devices  work  seamlessly  with  applications,  and  all  applications  offer  webbased  interfaces  that  allow  users  to  access  information  from  pcs,  tablets,  or  smartphones.  advanced  analytics  deliver  reports  and  visualizations  specifically  designed  for  each  vertical  industry.  sierra  wireless  asset  tracking  solutions
__label__logisticstracking include  hardware,  network,  and  software  applications  for  remote  asset  management,  gps  tracking,  mapping,  display,  reporting,  and  data  forwarding.  our  satellite  asset  tracking  solutions  utilize  low  earth  orbit  satellites  to  wirelessly  track  assets  when  cellular  service  is  not  available.  managed  solutions  for  asset  tracking  include:  increased  roi,  improved  productivity,  theft  recovery  and  enhanced  safety  for  employees  and  assets  are  just  a  few  of  the  reasons  companies  deploy  fleet  tracking  solutions.  better  utilization  of  vehicles  can  reduce  fleet  size,  saving  on  maintenance,  operating,  and  replacement  costs.  satellite  connectivity  allows  emergency  management  and  disaster  relief  field  managers  to  connect,  track  and  manage  tens
__label__logisticstracking of  thousands  of  assets  worldwide,  often  under  conditions  where  cellular  service  has  failed.  sierra  wireless  solution  includes  mapping  and  management  software  designed  specifically  for  mission  critical  responders  operational  needs,  serving  both  headquarters  and  field  requirements.  alway  remain  connected  to  your  assets,  whether  they  are  being  transported  in  pallets,  bins,  crates  or  containers.  our  tracking  solution  for  transmodal  shipping  can  be  tailored  to  meet  the  unique  business  needs  of  various  vertical  industries.  realtime  tracking,  alerting  and  reporting  combined  with  near  realtime  visibility  makes  sierra  wireless  asset  tracking  solution  a  comprehensive,  costeffective  solution.  we  provide  professional  services  including  installation  and  configuration,  and
__label__logisticstracking we  deploy  tracking  devices  on  your  highvalue  assets.  the  devices  monitor  the  assets  critical  metrics  and  send  data  to  the  application  via  cellular  or  satellite  communication,  depending  on  the  devices  and  network  implemented.  the  application  uses  this  data  to  manage  assets  and  present  information  via  a  friendly  web  interface  that  highlights  problems  and  potential  bottlenecks;  an  integrated  mapping  function  makes  it  easy  to  visualize  materials  movement.  asset  tracking  solutions  tell  users  where  their  assets  are,  how  theyre  doing,  and  when  they  will  arrive.  ensuring  asset  visibility  translates  into  enhanced  productivity,  decreased  costs  and  losses,  and  increased  revenue.  our  asset  tracking
__label__logisticstracking solutions  are  marketready,  turnkey  and  managed  by  sierra  wireless  for  rapid  installation,  deployment  and  roi.  all  solution  components  are  seamlessly  integrated,  with  no  need  for  applications  development  because  the  software  is  userconfigurable  to  meet  each  enterprises  operational  needs.  sierra  wireless  has  a  proven  track  record  when  it  comes  to  implementing  m2m  solutions.  with  a  network  platform  that  delivers  a  comprehensive  view  of  your  deployment  and  strong  relationships  with  leading  wireless  and  satellite  providers  for  worldwide  coverage,  you  can  be  assured  of  robust,  reliable  connectivity  for  your  asset  tracking  deployment.  sierra  wireless  manufactures,  installs,  and  supports  all  asset  tracking  iot  devices.
__label__logisticstracking the  devices  are  built  with  reliability,  scalability,  and  flexibility  in  mind.  equipped  with  long  life  batteries  and  built  for  durability,  devices  can  be  deployed  in  the  field  to  remote  locations  for  long  periods  of  time,  protecting  your  highvalue  assets  for  years.  each  of  our  iot  devices  are  designed  to  address  the  specific  needs  of  each  vertical  application.  the  gnx5p  is  a  highly  configurable,  featurerich,  mobile  asset  tracking  device  designed  to  service  a  wide  variety  of  market  and  industry  requirements.  the  gnx5p  is  an  ideal  solution  for  mobile  resource  management,  vehicle  tracking  and  many  other  locationaware  applications  and  services.  the  gnx5p
__label__logisticstracking utilizes  lte  cat  1  wireless  technology  for  compatibility  with  the  latest  wireless  network  architecture.  the  gnx5p  incorporates  leading  edge,  quality  components  for  superior  reliability  including  internal  cellular  and  gps  antennas  and  an  autocalibrating  3axis  accelerometer  for  monitoring  and  reporting  of  rapid  acceleration,  deceleration,  harsh  cornering  and  other  events.  nxlocate  is  a  battery  operated,  cellular  tracking  device  that  is  a  component  of  a  managed  service  asset  tracking  solution.  nxlocate  supports  multiple  use  cases  for  asset  tracking  and  supply  chain  optimization  to  enable  the  industrial  iot.  smartone  solar,  a  low  maintenance  and  intelligent  iot  device  that  provides  remote  monitoring  and  tracking  over
__label__logisticstracking the  globalstar  satellite  network,  using  solar  power  to  increase  battery  life.  fixed  and  movable  assets  such  as  rail  tank  cars,  containers,  heavy  equipment  and  vehicle  fleets  can  be  remotely  monitored  and  tracked,  even  when  beyond  the  reach  of  other  communications  networks.  designed  for  the  intelligent  management  of  fixed  and  mobile  assets  via  satellite,  the  smartone  c  is  a  practical  solution  for  a  multitude  of  options  including:  12  different  reporting  times,  interval  or  24hour  operation  mode,  alternate  reporting  schedules  and  low  battery  message.  track  intermediate  bulk  containers,  vehicles  and  boats  as  a  solution  to  improve  your  assets  operating  efficiency  and  security.
__label__logisticstracking thank  you  your  message  has  been  sent.  a  sales  representative  will  contact  you  shortly.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.  expert  panel:  how  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  drives  supply  chain  transformation
__label__logisticstracking until  now,  where  is  my  order?  has  been  the  oldest  question  in  the  supply  chain.  with  bluehound  asset  trackers,  you  never  have  to  ask  that  question  again.  the  internet  of  things  device  enables  realtime  visibility  into  your  operations.  the  bluehound  asset  tracker  is  an  internet  of  things  iot  device  that  tracks  the  status  and  travel  path  of  assets.  tracking  is  available  for  both  on  the  road  shipments  and  pallets  within  a  warehouse.  with  sensor  enabled  technology,  bluehound  trackers  communicate  through  gps,  cellular  connection,  and  bluetooth  technology.  enabling  data  and  insights  to  be  accessed  through  a  dedicated  web  portal.  this  allows
__label__logisticstracking users  to  view  the  status  and  location  of  assets  with  real  time  reporting  on  any  device  that  has  access  to  the  internet.  bluehound  trackers  provide  insights  that  allow  logistic  inefficiencies  to  be  identified  or  fixed  as  they  occur.  track  moving  assets  at  all  times,  aiding  in  theft  detection  and  recovery  smoothly  transition  from  outdoor  tracking  to  warehouse  positioning  detect  if  temperatures  have  exceeded  the  suggested  storage  range  discover  if  assets  have  been  exposed  to  excessive  shock,  impact  or  drops  bluehound  overtheroad  trackers  are  hardware  devices  made  with  flexibility  in  mind.  trackers  come  in  rechargeable,  nonrechargeable  and  embedded  versions.  these  trackers
__label__logisticstracking use  a  combination  of  gps  and  the  verizon  cellular  network  to  track  the  status  and  location  of  assets  within  the  continental  us.  bluehound  international  trackers  are  currently  being  developed.  4.5  x  4  x  2.5  1  lb  4  aa  nimh  rechargeable  once  per  month  barrel  port,  5.5  mm  x  2.5mm  barrel  male  plus  the  bluehound  indoor  tracking  system  provides  localization  of  assets  such  as  inventory,  agvs,  people,  dollies,  carts,  testing  equipment,  etc.  the  bluehound  indoor  tracking  system  bolsters  submeter  accuracy,  real  time  location,  capabilities  to  add  additional  sensors,  and  indoor  tracking  analytics.  tags  can  be  attached  with  sticky  backs,  zip  ties
__label__logisticstracking or  magnets.  custom  mounting  options  are  available.  1.75  x  1.25  23  grams  1  coin  cell  lithium  cr23477  2  years  nonrechargeable  2.1  x  0.5  25grams  1  coin  cell  lithium  cr23477  2  years  nonrechargeable  in  addition  to  viewing  the  status  and  location  of  valuable  assets,  bluehounds  web  portal  provides  analytics  for  both  indoor  and  outdoor  positioning  to  improve  decision  making.  by  providing  users  with  access  to  the  tracking  history,  one  can  more  easily  identify  patterns  of  use,  reduce  costs,  tailor  forecasting,  and  improve  customer  service.  interested  in  trying  the  bluehound  pallet  tracker  in  a  pilot  program?  bastian  solutions  provides  an  opportunity  for
__label__logisticstracking businesses  to  experience  firsthand  the  added  value  of  endtoend  visibility,  the  opportunities  for  improved  decision  making,  and  the  asset  tracking  systems  ease  of  use.  please  contact  us  today  to  learn  more  about  how  your  company  can  begin  an  asset  tracking  pilot  program  with  bastian  solutions.
__label__logisticstracking contact  us:  a  hreftel:180027756171  800  2775617/a  i  classfa  facircle  ariahiddentrue/i  a  hreftel:44208133466144  0  208  133  4661/a/  30  days  to  try,  risk  free  free  shipping  in  uk,  usa  europe  in  your  cart  no  products  in  the  cart.  3pls,  courier  companies  and  other  stakeholders  in  the  connected  logistics  ecosystem  are  increasingly  demanding  the  ability  to  track  packages  and  accurately  determine  its  location.  by  being  able  to  do  this,  lost,  misplaced  and  stolen  consignments  are  minimised,  workforce  costs  are  reduced  and  throughput  and  productivity  is  increased.  for  customers,  they  get  a  high  level  of  confidence  in  their  courier  company  knowing  where  their  package
__label__logisticstracking is.  this  leads  to  having  a  smoother  operation  and  keeping  customers  informed  of  delivery  times  and  schedules.  small  tracking  devices  that  will  transmit  their  location  from  anywhere  in  the  globe  by  connecting  to  3g/4g/lte  networks.  flight  safe  and  low  powered  devices  that  are  capable  of  upto  30  days  battery  life  and  even  longer  for  tracking  containerised  cargo.  the  very  latest  in  precision  locating  technology  that  combines  multiple  sensors  using  gps,  wifi  and  cellid.  existing,  standard  gps  technology  is  not  of  good  enough  standard  to  perform  within  the  covered  environments  such  as  warehousing,  trucks  or  inside  crate  and  cargo  so  mytrackingdevices
__label__logisticstracking have  integrated  a  unique  solution  that  addresses  these  problems  to  ensure  that  packages  are  visible  no  matter  where  they  are  stored.  the  small  gps  package  tracker  we  use  has  been  specifically  designed  to  meet  the  needs  of  commercial  carriers  who  need  to  be  able  to  track  high  value  packages.  the  device  tracks  the  packages  exact  location  and  send  that  information  to  our  software  using  wireless  communications.  with  its  sensitive  gpsagpswifi  receiver  and  global  iot  connectivity  can  be  discreetly  inserted  into  a  variety  of  packages.  works  where  conventional  gps  does  not.  supports  central  package  location  management.  login  to  your  gps  tracking
__label__logisticstracking dashboard  and  follow  packages  and  shipments  in  realtime  anywhere  in  the  world  gps  package  trackers  come  with  inbuilt  iot  simcards  offering  seamless  roaming  in  usa,  europe  and  200  countries  around  the  world.  we  have  consulted  and  advised  on  a  numerous  package  tracking  implementations  for  domestic  and  international  consignments.  mytrackingdevices  gps  iot  platform  provides  solutions  for  shipment  tracking  monitoring,  asset  tracking  and  recovery,  vehicle  tracking,  and  personal  tracking.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are
__label__logisticstracking as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential
__label__logisticstracking for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that
__label__logisticstracking may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your  website.
__label__logisticstracking hanhaa  is  a  small  london  based  iot  startup  with  a  big  mission:  to  enable  businesses  to  monitor  their  global  shipments  at  massive  scale  meaning,  tens  of  thousands  of  parcels  and  make  detailed  information  more  easily  accessible  and  costeffective.  where  was  the  parcel?  was  it  within  the  allowable  temperature  range?  had  it  got  wet?  had  it  been  tipped,  dropped,  or  opened?  whats  more,  azhar  wanted  to  offer  his  product  as  a  service  to  make  it  more  operationally  feasible  for  a  broad  range  of  customers.  by  offering  our  product  parcelive  as  a  tracking  service,  our  customers  can  stay  focused  on  using  their
__label__logisticstracking iot  data  to  improve  their  business  without  worrying  about  the  upfront  logistics  and  expense,  he  said.  customers  wont  need  to  buy  the  trackers,  or  charge  them,  or  test  them,  or  ship  them  around  the  world.  we  look  after  all  of  that  while  providing  near  realtime  data  about  their  parcels.  this  startup  founders  promising  vision  hinged  on  one  small,  yet  surprisingly  complex,  piece  of  technology:  the  prototypes  chip  antenna.  at  first  glance,  the  parcelive  device  sounded  straightforward:  it  was  based  on  individual  pieces  of  proven  technology,  from  gps  and  other  sensors  to  the  wireless  communication  equipment.  it  was  when  we  started
__label__logisticstracking combining  these  different  capabilities  that  things  quickly  become  more  complexespecially  the  antennae.  a  small  tweak  to  one  part  of  the  design  had  a  big  impact  elsewhere,  azhar  said.  the  product  simply  wasnt  meeting  the  requirements.  the  mcu  architecture  was  not  performing  at  the  required  levels,  the  battery  life  was  too  short  for  international  tracking  and  the  existing  chip  antenna  would  not  allow  parcelive  to  track  with  the  granularity  required  for  the  product  to  reach  its  full  potential  in  the  market.  so,  azhar  decided  to  find  a  specialist  partner  to  bring  his  vision  to  market.  a  new  3.30  minute  video  casestudy
__label__logisticstracking outlines  how  avnet  helped  hanhaa  to  identify  and  overcome  key  design  challenges  in  order  to  get  its  smart  parceltracking  solution  to  market  in  less  than  3  years.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on
__label__logisticstracking some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__logisticstracking enertiv  deploys  targeted  iot  sensors  to  gain  a  comprehensive  asset  performance  data  set.  the  foundation  of  enertiv  ai  is  built  on  equipment  performance  data,  which  covers  a  large  percentage  of  the  issues  and  workflows  that  operators  deal  with.  but  to  fully  digitize  a  propertys  physical  infrastructure,  a  lowcost  iot  solution  can  be  deployed  to  track  a  range  of  additional  data  streams.  these  building  sensors,  whether  for  tracking  temperature,  air  quality,  flow,  moisture,  or  movement,  have  been  bundled  to  solve  a  range  of  chronic  and  expensive  problems.  enertiv  has  partnered  with  innovative  real  estate  portfolios  to  develop  a  number  of  targeted
__label__logisticstracking sensor  deployments.  our  building  maintenance  software  notifies  operators  the  moment  leaks  occur  to  minimize  damages.  get  notified  when  temperatures  around  plumbing  infrastructure  approach  freezing  to  avoid  pipe  bursts.  we  deploy  a  range  of  iot  sensors  to  track  elevator  performance  and  diagnose  chronic  issues.  we  deploy  a  range  of  iot  sensors  to  track  every  input  and  output  of  boiler  plants  to  find  optimizations  and  verify  maintenance  and  fuel  deliveries.  targeted  pain  point  solutions  enertiv  is  an  iot  solution  provider  that  helps  diagnose  and  eliminate  chronic  issues  with  building  systems.  ongoing,  low  cost  unlike  hiring  consultants,  iot  sensorbased  solutions  work  24/7  and
__label__logisticstracking continue  to  track  the  problem  after  its  initially  solved.  comprehensive  data  building  iot  sensors  are  the  perfect  compliment  to  foundations  of  data  based  on  equipment  performance  through  electrical  power  draw.  activity  tracking  accountability  with  work  order  tracking,  managers  can  be  sure  that  issues  were  resolved  by  staff  or  outside  vendors.  join  us  for  a  software  demo
__label__logisticstracking abi  research  has  newly  published  that  low  power  wide  area  networks  sigfox,  lorawan,  nbiot,  ltem  will  reach  in  the  next  5  years.  this  is  the  first  research  company  to  recognize  that  asset  tracking  is  the  sweet  spot  for  some  lpwa  networks  sigfox,  ltem  mainly.  here  is  a  ranking  based  on  my  perception  of  the  market  and  the  fit  with  lpwa  technologies:  tens  of  million  containers  worldwide  calculate  the  estimated  time  of  arrival  based  on  the  container  arriving  at  key  milestones,  in  other  words  in  ports  where  the  container  has  been  seen.  inform  the  logistics  company  and/or  customer  when  the  container
__label__logisticstracking has  arrived  at  destination.  monitor  the  storage  conditions  inside  the  container.  the  global  mobility.  for  open  loops,  when  the  technology  allows,  this  market  will  soon  shift  to  disposable  lpwa  trackers.  :  several  billionbaggage  checkedin  every  year  :  inform  the  passenger  if  the  luggage  has  been  boarded  and  let  the  passenger  know  when  the  luggage  is  on  its  way  to  the  carrousel.  in  case  of  loss,  identify  in  which  airport/terminal  the  luggage  is.  the  global  mobility  combined  with  the  low  power  consumption  properties.  tens  of  million  rental  bicycles  send  gps  positions  in  case  of  loss.  the  market  will  be  shared  between
__label__logisticstracking bluetooth  powered  devices  using  the  smartphones  gps  and  standalone  lpwa  trackers.  :  tens  of  million  worldwide  :identify  trailers  that  are  underused  or  have  been  lost  or  stolen.  while  trucks  were  tracked  by  powered  cellular  trackers,  trailers  do  not  have  power  supply  and  require  battery  powered  trackers  and  therefore  lpwa  is  the  right  technology.  tens  of  million  forecasted  within  the  next  5  years  retrieve  a  stolen  car  thanks  to  the  trace  first  and  a  beaconing  device  then.  antijamming  capabilities  are  necessary  :  tens  of  million  forecasted  within  the  next  5  years  :a  wristband  for  seniors  come  with  fall  detection,  panic  button,
__label__logisticstracking geofencing  and  geolocation.  the  data  is  shared  with  family  members  and  relevant  services.  this  market  will  be  shared  between  cellular  and  lpwa.  cellular  enabling  the  highend  devices  and  lpwa  the  lower  end  ones.  :  estimated  1  billion  cattle  worldwide  monitor  the  good  health  of  the  high  value  cattle  by  tracking  its  movements.  better  pasture  management.  avoid  loss.  multiyear  battery  needed  and  high  cost  constraints.  :  estimated  2  billion  trolleys  worldwide  :  locate  the  trolleys  to  minimize  the  fleet  of  trolleys  needed  before  a  shipment.  it  requires  indoor  location  inside  retail  stores  or  warehouses  and  outdoor  location  on  the  road.  estimated
__label__logisticstracking 5  billion  pallets  worldwide  :  monitor  the  usage  of  the  pallet  and  pick  it  up  quicker  at  the  retail  store  to  save  warehousing  space  and  reduce  the  fleet  of  needed  pallets.  connecting  them  also  enables  to  reduce  their  loss.  finally,  we  can  also  monitor  the  conditions  of  transportation  of  the  goods  on  top  of  the  pallet.  it  requires  indoor  location  inside  retail  stores  or  warehouses  and  outdoor  location  on  the  road.  cost  constraints  are  very  heavy  as  the  cost  of  the  pallet  itself  is  already  very  low.  65  billion  parcels  worldwide  :  acknowledge  the  opening  of  a  parcel  at  the
__label__logisticstracking supposed  delivery  place  and  track  the  parcel  through  specific  checkpoints  and  logistics  hubs.  lpwa  disposable  trackers  have  been  demonstrated  for  the  first  time  in  2017  by  sigfox.  the  industrialization  of  these  trackers  will  lead  to  sub1  trackers  within  the  next  3  to  5  years.  if  you  are  interested  in  the  topic  and  would  like  to  meet  with  logistics  professionals  and  iot  tracking  solution  providers,  is  the  event  you  should  attend  on  october  25th  abi  research  forecasts  500  million  assets  tracked  by  lpwa  technologies  in  2023.  i  share  my  insight  on  the  topic  fleetmanagement  assettracking  iot  lpwa
__label__logisticstracking only  those  who  use  tracking  information  correctly  can  represent  digital  value  chains  and  improve  daily  business.  because  the  more  exact  the  location  and  movement  of  a  product,  package  or  container  can  be  mapped,  the  better  delays  can  be  managed  or  reduced:  in  addition  to  the  traceability,  during  tracking  and  tracing  automated  alerts  ensure  that  the  flow  of  goods  runs  smoothly.  through  ever  smaller  and  more  robust  solutions  it  is  no  longer  restricted  to  areas  of  application  such  as  shipping  containers,  but  is  also  helpful  in  fleet  management  or  tracking  of  medical  equipment  in  hospitals.  and  also  for  determining  the  position
__label__logisticstracking of  individuals,  there  are  numerous  application  scenarios,  such  as  for  safety  areas  within  the  company,  or  for  the  protection  of  family  members.  you  want  to  develop  with  us  a  customized  solution  for  iot  goods  tracking  and  people  tracking?  hansboecklerstrasse  16  63263  neuisenburg  germany  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel  49  6102  799  28  0  fax  49  6102  799  28  199  regent  house  business  centre  2425  nutford  place  london  w1h5yn  united  kingdom  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel  44  020  3290  7992  ved  klaedebo  18  dk2970  hoersholm  denmark  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel:  45  0  36  99  79  92  all  prices  are  quoted  net  of  the  statutory  valueadded  tax
__label__logisticstracking and  and  possibly  delivery  charges,  if  not  otherwise  described.  our  offers  are  exclusively  for  industry,  trade,  crafts,  trade,  authorities,  associations  and  similar  people  and  institutions.  changes,  errors  and  omissions  excepted.  all  pictures  are  similar  and  nonbinding.  copyright  2018  round  solutions  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking execution  details  example  of  smart  contract  in  this  case  using  blockchain  conclusion:  why  track  and  trace?  oracle  in  advanced  platform  technologies  trinamix  as  a  value  partner  in  industry  4.0  initiatives  disclaimer  is  associate  director  service  delivery  pmo  in  trinamix.  he  is  a  proven  it  program  portfolio  leader  with  18  years  of  experience  in  healthcare,  pharmaceuticals,  retail,  and  technology  industries.  he  has  experience  in  leading  largescale,  complex  and  transformative  business  investments  that  apply  technology  iot,  blockchain  etc  to  business  opportunities  that  meet  business  needs.  he  is  a  graduate  of  indian  institute  of  technology  where  he  completed  his  bachelors  with  merit  based
__label__logisticstracking end  to  end  solutions  for  connected  vehicles,  invehicle  infotainment  and  autonomous  driving  13  products  solve  complex  location  problems  fromgeofencing  to  custom  routing  11  products  industry  leading  maps  over  900  attributes,  powered  by  millions  of  data  sources  5  products  fast,  accurate,  global  tracking  and  positioning  any  device,  indoors,  outdoors,  online  or  offline  4  products  map,  analyze,  predict  and  react  to  real  time  road  traffic  3  products  a  smart  mobility  marketplace  for  fleetand  transportation  services  2  products  a  cloudbased  platform  for  locationcentric  data  exchange  create  interactive  maps  faster  documentation,  code  samples  and  developer  support  end  to  end  solutions  for  connected  vehicles,  invehicle
__label__logisticstracking infotainment  and  autonomous  driving  13  products  solve  complex  location  problems  fromgeofencing  to  custom  routing  11  products  industry  leading  maps  over  900  attributes,  powered  by  millions  of  data  sources  5  products  fast,  accurate,  global  tracking  and  positioning  any  device,  indoors,  outdoors,  online  or  offline  4  products  map,  analyze,  predict  and  react  to  real  time  road  traffic  3  products  a  smart  mobility  marketplace  for  fleetand  transportation  services  2  products  a  cloudbased  platform  for  locationcentric  data  exchange  create  interactive  maps  faster  documentation,  code  samples  and  developer  support  global  tracking  of  devices  and  assets  key  differentiators  set  geofences  and  track  devices  and  assets  as
__label__logisticstracking they  move.  use  current  and  historical  map  data  to  chart  progress  and  enable  eta  notifications  when  devices  are  in  range.  use  smaller  and  lowcost  devices  and  benefit  from  here  trackings  batterysaving  optimization.  define  roles  for  your  users  and  groups  by  assigning  owner,  supervisor  and  observer  rights.  add  iot  devices  to  your  network  and  easily  customize  them.  create  and  manage  alerts  for  when  a  device  crosses  a  geofence,  runs  out  of  battery  or  when  someone  is  added  to  a  workspace.  track  your  devices,  assets  and  shipments  today.  an  endtoend  iot  solution  with  device  management  and  monitoring  that  works  out  of  the
__label__logisticstracking box.  satellite  and  network  positioning  delivers  endtoend  visibility,  indoors  and  outdoors,  anywhere  in  the  world.  integrate  here  tracking  with  your  existing  erp  system  for  improved  supply  chain  visibility  with  minimal  disruption.  create  iot  products  using  our  api  references  and  guides.  order  devices  that  have  here  tracking  preinstalled.  view  our  code  examples  and  create  your  own  applications.  the  features  and  benefits  of  here  tracking.  a  platform  for  venue  owners  to  create,  edit  and  publish  maps  smart  positioning  for  mobile  devices,  iot  and  applications  map  data  is  the  foundation  of  the  reality  index  leverage  precise  tracking  and  realtime  location  data.
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  iot  continues  to  deliver  strong,  new  value  around  use  cases  for  remote  tracking  of  equipment  and  assets.while  adopting  new  iot  technology  can  feel  daunting,  aylas  track  and  trace  solution  removes  complexity  and  enables  supply  chain  operators  and  equipment  manufacturers  to  quickly  launch  next  generation  tracking  capabilities  and  find  new  business  value  from  iot.  to  see  if  track  and  trace  is  right  for  your  iot  needs.  while  there  are  a  variety  of  asset  types  being  tracked  by  both  equipment  manufacturers  and  supply  chain  operators,  the  three  core  asset  tracking  use  cases  that  are  benefiting  from  iot  includes
__label__logisticstracking asset  location  where  is  it,  condition  and  monitoring  what  conditions  is  the  asset  experiencing,  such  as  temperature  and  humidity,  and  reducing  risk  and  cost  how  to  prevent  problems  or  mitigate  them.  each  use  case  has  its  own  unique  set  of  challenges  and  business  benefits  available  to  companies  when  solved  with  iot.  identifying  current  location  of  assets  and  predicting  future  movements  with  ml.  monitoring  the  environmental  conditions  of  an  asset,  such  as  perishable  food,  to  prevent  spoilage  events.  reducing  traditional  costs  for  equipment  support  and  perishable  product  waste.  ayla  is  solving  the  challenges  around  asset  tracking  with  an  iotenabled  solution  that
__label__logisticstracking enables  business  owners  to  locate,  track,  and  monitor  remote  assets  in  near  realtime.  aylas  track  and  trace  solution  reduces  complexity  to  develop,  time  to  launch,  and  overall  cost  of  ownership  by  providing  a  wide  array  of  sensor  and  device  options,  preintegrated  cloud  platform  components,  advanced  analytics,  and  a  highly  experienced  professional  services  team  to  guide  throughout  the  project.  low  power  cellular  agents  aylas  prebuilt  cellular  networking  and  connectivity  agents  can  be  easily  enabled  on  a  wide  variety  of  tracking  and  sensor  devices  provided  through  a  deep  ecosystem  of  hardware  partners.  device  management  the  ayla  command  center  is  purposebuilt  to  handle
__label__logisticstracking the  nuances  of  iot  operations,  such  as  firmware  updates,  device  rule  configuration,  security,  troubleshooting,  and  more.  tracking  applications  purposebuilt  business  applications  to  suit  the  needs  of  your  asset,  such  as  route  planning  and  condition  monitoring,  are  provided  with  aylas  track  and  trace  solution.  realtime  notifications  to  drivers  and  operation  managers  when  perishable  assets  reach  or  exceed  set  condition  thresholds  e.g.,  temperature  of  beef  package  reaches  40  degrees  f  when  in  transit  or  stationary.  reduce  theft  and  loss  with  realtime  notifications  to  operation  managers  when  assets,  such  as  construction  equipment,move  outside  of  a  predetermined  area  e.g.,  area  of  a  large  construction
__label__logisticstracking project.  monitor  adherence  to  compliance  requirements  in  the  supply  chain  e.g.,  temperature  level  requirements  of  perishable  items  with  realtime  condition  monitoring  and  historic  analysis.  calculate  the  savings  you  stand  to  gain  by  working  with  ayla  versus  building  your  own  iot  platform.  learn  about  aylas  edge  management,  device  management,  and  application  enablement  capabilities.  aylas  asset  tracking  solutions  remove  complexity  and  enable  supply  chain  operators  and  equipment  manufacturers  to  quickly  leverage  nextgeneration  tracking  capabilities.  build  vs.  buy  manufacturers  biggest  iot  decision:  build  or  buy  an  iot  platform?  secret  to  winning  market  share  for  the  internet  of  things  aylas  2018  user  conference  was
__label__logisticstracking held  in  san  francisco,  april  1011,  2018.  read  our  blog  post  for  a  synopsis  of  what  was  learned  at  the  event.  iot  panel  an  inside  look  at  iot  platforms  many  faces  of  iot  and  how  to  deal  with  them  interested  in  seeing  a  demo  of  the  ayla  platform  or  have  a  question  for  our  sales  team?  please  fill  out  this  form  to  get  started.  2019  ayla  networks  inc.  ayla  networks  uses  cookies  to  provide  the  best  experience  possible  on  our  website.  by  clickingyes  youagree  to  our  .  ayla  networks  uses  cookies  to  provide  the  best  experience  possible  on  our  website.
__label__logisticstracking asset  tracking  with  axon  platform  for  mobile  extends  the  iot  beyond  the  smart  home  and  into  the  real  world,  enabling  you  to  manage  your  things  remotely  across  existing  cellular  networks.  greenwaves  track  my  assets  solution  can  be  used  in  any  number  of  ways,  leveraging  axon  platform  for  mobile  to  track  all  manner  of  items  from  expensive  equipment  and  tools,  to  trucks,  cars,  bicycles,  pets,  and  luggage.  greenwave  tracking  devices  use  global  positioning  systems  gps  to  determine  and  track  precise  location.  the  unit  transmits  to  a  central  location  database  using  an  embedded  lte  radio  and  allows  the  assets  location  to  be
__label__logisticstracking displayed  against  a  map  backdrop,  either  in  real  time  or  when  analyzing  movement  at  a  later  time  using  greenwaves  track  my  assets  software.  the  greenwave  track  my  assets  solution  consists  of  these  main  elements:  the  concerned  parent  anna  is  traveling  to  paris  with  her  4yearold  daughter  emma  where  they  encounter  large  crowds  upon  arrival  at  the  airport.  for  peace  of  mind,  anna  decides  to  rent  two  tracking  tags  at  a  newspaper  kiosk  to  help  on  their  trip  the  cost  is  only  10  for  the  week.  anna  attaches  the  tracking  tag  to  emmas  pants  and  she  installs  the  tracking  app  on
__label__logisticstracking her  phone.  anna  is  reassured  knowing  it  will  be  much  easier  to  find  emma  if  she  should  wander  out  of  sight.  after  settling  in  at  the  hotel,  they  take  a  walk  through  the  jarden  des  tuileries.  anna  decides  to  buy  emma  an  ice  cream.  when  she  turns  around  to  hand  emma  the  treat,  anna  suddenly  realizes  that  shes  gone.  anna  grabs  for  her  phone  and  opens  the  tracking  app.  within  a  few  seconds  she  can  see  that  emma  is  100m  away  to  the  east.  she  runs  towards  emma  and  finds  her  at  the  playground  happily  awaiting  a  turn  at  the
__label__logisticstracking slide.  crisis  averted.  the  dog  owner  luke  and  his  beloved  dog,  duke  often  exercise  23  times  per  week  at  a  recreation  area.  duke  is  generally  wellbehaved  and  follows  lucas  as  they  jog  along  the  pathway.  however,  on  a  recent  visit  to  the  park  duke  gets  distracted  by  some  rustling  in  the  woods  and  by  the  time  lucas  notices  hes  missing,  the  dog  is  nowhere  to  be  found.  lucas  opens  the  tracking  app  on  his  phone  to  locate  duke,  who  has  a  tracking  tag  attached  to  his  collar.  duke  is  shown  to  be  wandering  1km  in  the  opposite  direction.  lucas  activates
__label__logisticstracking the  continuoustracking  option.  after  10  minutes  of  following  a  trail  shown  on  the  app,  lucas  catches  up  with  duke  who  is  stalking  some  deer.  lucas  puts  duke  on  his  leash  and  they  head  for  the  car.  crisis  averted.  the  insurance  company  offering  tracking  devices  to  bicycle  customers  to  lower  the  cost  of  theft  coverage  on  the  bikes.  the  tracking  tag  is  embedded  in  the  bike  lights  or  attached  to  the  frame  as  shown  in  the  photo.  both  the  user  and  the  insurance  company  will  be  able  to  locate  the  bicycle  should  it  go  missing,  and  get  it  back  to  where
__label__logisticstracking postscapes  is  an  independent  review  site.  we  may  earn  money  when  you  click  on  links  on  our  site.  smart  home  scout  the  source  for  smart  home  buying  advice.  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  every  corner  of  life:  the  home,  the  office,  city  streets  and  beyond.  iot  products  give  us  greater  control  over  door  locks,  lights  and  appliances;  offer  insights  into  resource  consumption  habits;  streamline  business  processes;  and  better  connect  us  to  the  people,  systems  and  environments  that  shape  our  daily  lives.  whether  youre  a  homeowner  looking  for  the  best  products  to  start  building  your  connected  life,  or  a  business
__label__logisticstracking leader  looking  to  take  your  company  to  the  next  level  this  is  the  place  to  begin.  weve  collected  the  best  and  most  popular  options  the  iot  has  to  offer,  from  smart  home  devices  to  enterprise  platforms  to  the  software  and  tools  you  need  to  build  your  own  smart,  connected  products.  11/01/2019  many  entrylevel  iot  products  fit  smoothly  into  the  patterns  of  daily  life  by  simplifying  routine  tasks.  finding  your  keys,  unlocking  your  door,  turning  lights  on  and  off  these  and  other  habits  can  be  automated  with  sensors  and  intelligent  software.  a  truly  smart  home  is  full  of  products  that  know
__label__logisticstracking your  preferences,  anticipate  your  needs  and  respond  dynamically  to  your  behavior,  so  you  can  spend  less  time  micromanaging  your  house  and  more  time  living  in  it.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  we  all  know  we  should  try  to  use  less  electricity,  water  and  other  resources,  but  actually  changing  our  habits  can  be  hard  especially  when  we  cant  see  the  immediate  impact  of  our  actions.  a  number  of  iot  products  take  aim  at  resource  use  by  tracking  and  displaying  realtime  data  to  users,  and  by  automating  the  operation  of  lights,  appliances
__label__logisticstracking and  heating  and  cooling  systems  to  help  reduce  consumption.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  want  to  know  whats  hot  in  the  iot  marketplace?  here  are  a  few  of  the  most  popular  products  in  any  category.  the  iot  has  a  lot  to  offer  businesses,  both  for  tech  firms  looking  to  get  in  on  the  actions  and  for  the  numerous  industries  that  are  being  transformed  by  the  injection  of  smart,  connected  technology  into  manufacturing  processes,  supply  chains,  customer  engagement,  performance  tracking  and  other  areas.  todays  companies  need  to  take  full  advantage  of
__label__logisticstracking iot  devices,  platforms  and  tools  to  build  business  models  that  will  thrive  in  a  more  connected  world.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  ayla  networks  provides  cloud  platform  for  major  hardware  and  application  vendors.  dglogik  acquired  by  acuity  brands  provides  an  application  builder  and  visualization  platform.  libelium  is  a  hardware  provider  offering  sensors,  motes  and  gateways  along  with  cloud  integration  partners.  prosyst  acquired  by  bosch  offered  a  gateway  software  solution.  your  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we
__label__logisticstracking can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  getting  started  weekly  bargains  the  smart  home  scout  is  dedicated  to  helping  you  find  the  best  smart  home  products  on  the  market.  to  keep  your  family  safe,  connected  and  saving  resources.  739  sherman  st  .  denver,  co  80203
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  is  developing  at  a  rapid  pace,  thanks  in  part  to  an  explosion  in  the  availability  of  small,  inexpensive  computing  hardware.  iot  prototyping  kits  and  development  boards  combine  microcontrollers  and  processors  with  wireless  chips  and  other  components  in  a  prebuilt,  readytoprogram  package.  they  come  in  nearly  infinite  configurations,  from  tiny  batterypowered  chips  that  chirp  intermittently  over  bluetooth  to  credit  cardsized  computers  with  usb  power  supplies  and  highbandwidth  wifi  radios.  whatever  the  needs  of  your  project  or  product,  theres  sure  to  be  a  board  that  fits  your  exact  requirements.  11/01/2019  loading...  :  802.15.4  :  connectivity  by  shield,  usb,
__label__logisticstracking etc  6lowpan  /  ipv6  looking  for  some  help  with  your  iot  rollout?  treeline  interactive  is  offers  product  development  and  engineering  services.  gainspan  acquired  by  telit  provides  iot  with  wireless  connectivity  solutions  consisting  of  wifi  modules,  wifi  chips,  sdks,  development  boards,  and  app  development  kits.  libelium  is  a  hardware  provider  offering  sensors,  motes  and  gateways  along  with  cloud  integration  partners.  particle  offers  connectivity  hardware  and  a  cloud  device  management  platform.  tst  offers  system  integration  and  development  services  along  with  their  own  line  of  vertical  solution.  are  any  of  your  favorite  solutions  missing  from  this  list?  get  in  touch  with  us  .
__label__logisticstracking guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product  system  trends  join  20,000  readers  for  our  newsletter  to  stay  a  step  ahead  of  the  curve.  smart  devices  systems
__label__logisticstracking postscapes  is  an  independent  review  site.  we  may  earn  money  when  you  click  on  links  on  our  site.  smart  home  scout  the  source  for  smart  home  buying  advice.  the  internet  of  things  is  making  possible  a  new  wave  of  smart  kitchen  gadgets,  from  sensors  that  know  when  the  stove  has  been  left  on  to  forks  that  remind  us  to  slow  down  and  savor  each  bite.  heres  a  roundup  of  iot  products  that  are  changing  the  way  we  order,  store,  cook  and  consume  food  in  our  homes.  11/30/2019  a  spotlight  on  a  smart  kitchen  product  that  lives  up  to  its  hype
__label__logisticstracking of  making  better  food  for  your  family.  barcodes  arent  just  for  cashiers  anymore.  the  following  devices  let  consumers  use  them  in  the  home  as  a  quick  way  to  manage  shared  grocery  lists.  in  addition  to  scanning  barcodes,  these  gadgets  can  also  accept  voice  commands  and  even  place  grocery  delivery  orders  to  save  you  a  trip  to  the  store.  :  :  unknown;  beta  by  invitation  only  :  wifi  :  :  hiku  is  much  more  than  a  chunky  fridge  magnet.  as  you  scan  or  tell  it  which  groceries  you  need,  it  can  integrate  with  a  number  of  thirdparty  shopping  lists.  planned  updates
__label__logisticstracking will  add  online  price  comparisons  and  online  ordering,  though  specific  grocery  delivery  partners  havent  been  announced  yet.  :  wifi  :  :  genican  may  be  the  only  commercial  iot  device  thats  actually  meant  to  be  unboxed  and  put  straight  in  the  trash.  perching  on  the  lid  of  a  waste  bin,  it  scans  or  takes  voice  recordings  to  track  items  as  you  throw  them  away,  so  youre  always  ready  to  restock  the  pantry.  online  ordering  is  planned,  but  no  word  yet  on  who  the  delivery  partners  will  be.  :  wifi  :  even  for  the  best  home  chefs,  things  sometimes  go  wrong.  here
__label__logisticstracking are  a  few  devices  that  help  keep  an  eye  on  things  and  can  pass  alerts  about  a  problem  at  home  to  users  anywhere  in  the  networked  world.  :  kepler,  a  natural  gas  and  carbon  monoxide  monitor,  could  just  as  easily  live  in  any  room  of  the  house,  or  even  in  the  basement  near  a  gasfired  boiler.  but  its  especially  useful  in  the  kitchen,  where  it  can  check  for  gas  buildup  from  a  leaky  or  forgotten  stove.  it  also  doubles  as  a  handy  kitchen  timertwist  the  dial  to  set  a  countdown,  and  wave  your  hand  to  silence  alarms.  :  unknown  :
__label__logisticstracking wifi  :  :  smoke  is  just  one  of  the  many  air  quality  indicators  birdi  monitors.  others  include  carbon  monoxide,  pollen,  particulates,  temperature  and  humidity.  if  any  of  these  rise  to  worrisome  levels,  birdi  will  alert  you  and  anyone  else  you  authorize  family,  friends,  neighbors  with  a  text  message,  or  an  automated  call  to  a  landline.  that  way  youll  know  somethings  wrong  even  when  youre  not  at  home  to  hear  the  alarm.  multiple  birdi  devices  can  also  repeat  alarms  from  other  rooms  or  even  other  houses  if  your  neighbors  connect  their  birdi  to  yours.  :  119  :  wifi  :  parents  may
__label__logisticstracking impose  a  no  screens  rule  at  the  dinner  table,  but  that  doesnt  mean  your  meal  cant  involve  some  smart  technology.  here  a  few  devices  that  use  data  and  immediate  feedback  to  help  us  be  more  mindful  of  what  were  eating  and  drinking.  :  beverage  calories  are  some  of  the  hardest  to  eliminate,  especially  when  weve  become  dependent  on  caffeine  and  sugar  boosts  to  get  us  through  the  day.  vessyl  does  the  thinking  for  you,  with  internal  sensors  that  analyze  the  ingredients  to  determine  what,  how  much  and  how  often  youre  drinkingas  well  as  tracking  nutritional  metrics  like  caffeine  intake,  calories
__label__logisticstracking consumed,  and  hydration.  :  199  expected  retail  :  bluetooth  :  devices  in  the  grocery  ordering  section  above  let  you  know  what  youre  out  of;  these  keep  track  of  what  you  have.  :  yes,  even  the  humble  kitchen  jar  can  get  an  upgrade  thanks  to  iot  technology.  neo  not  only  holds  dry  goods,  but  actually  measures  how  much  is  left  with  a  builtin  digital  scale.  once  you  tell  it  whats  inside,  neo  can  suggest  recipes,  calculate  the  nutrient  content  of  each  serving,  and  even  automatically  refill  itself  by  placing  orders  from  online  delivery  services.  :  unknown  :  bluetooth  :  :  this
__label__logisticstracking smart  egg  tray  lets  you  know  how  many  eggs  you  have  left  in  the  fridge  while  youre  out  at  the  grocery  store.  each  egg  slot  has  a  sensor  that  keeps  track  of  every  eggs  individual  shelf  life  based  on  when  it  was  added  to  the  carton,  and  led  lights  indicate  which  of  the  remaining  eggs  are  freshest.  :  :  wifi  :  while  not  exclusive  to  the  kitchen,  voiceactivated  smart  home  hubs  are  pretty  handy  when  your  own  hands  are  covered  in  flour  or  stuffed  into  oven  mitts.  whether  dictating  recipes  from  your  favorite  food  bloggers  or  quickly  converting  teaspoons  to
__label__logisticstracking pints,  these  talking  gadgets  are  ideal  sous  chefs.  :  ubi  is  an  androidbased  ubiquitous  computer  that,  the  designers  claim,  will  eventually  be  able  to  do  just  about  anything  that  involves  the  internet.  ubi  includes  a  number  of  environmental  sensors  and  integrates  with  other  smart  home  gadget  ecosystems  like  nest  and  smartthings.  :  :  wifi  :  ok  ubi  :  :  echo  may  live  in  your  home,  but  its  brains  are  in  the  cloud  with  the  power  of  amazon  web  services.  in  addition  to  looking  up  information  and  controlling  other  smart  home  devices,  echo  has  instant  access  to  streaming  music  and  other
__label__logisticstracking content  from  amazons  own  selections  and  thirdparty  services  like  pandora,  itunes  and  spotify.  :  beta  invitation  only  :  wifi  /  bluetooth  :  alexa  or  amazon  :  postscapes  coverage  :  ivee  could  easily  be  mistaken  for  a  simple  digital  alarm  clockbut  theres  far  more  than  mindless  blaring  coming  out  of  this  gadget.  it  can  add  voice  control  to  countless  other  devices  in  your  smart  home,  plus  answer  all  kinds  of  useful  questions  by  querying  the  wolfram  alpha  knowledge  engine.  :  :  wifi  /  bluetooth  :  hello  ivee  :  when  it  comes  to  actually  cooking  food,  the  iot  market  is  less  robust
__label__logisticstracking than  you  might  expect.  were  still  waiting  for  the  killerapp  version  of  the  notorious  smart  toaster,  for  instance.  but  there  are  a  handful  of  devices  that  do  put  connectivity  to  use  in  the  kitchen.  :  wifi,  bluetooth  and  alexa  enabled  this  sous  vide  machines  heats  to  a  precision  to  0.2f  /  0.1c.  set  it  up  and  walk  away,  come  back  to  a  perfectly  cooked  meal.  4.4/5  1,148  reviews  :  :  wifi  and  bluetooth  :  range  is  a  precision  food  thermometer  designed  to  play  nice  with  todays  technology.  its  wired  embedded  electronics  wouldnt  survive  in  the  oven  or  on  the  grill
__label__logisticstracking and  plugs  into  a  phone  or  tablet  to  provide  temperature  graphs  and  instant  readouts.  :  :  bluetooth  :  even  the  original  dumb  version  of  the  slow  cooker  managed  to  deliver  on  the  future  kitchens  promise  to  free  us  from  the  demands  of  manual  cooking:  just  toss  the  ingredients  into  the  pot  together,  set  the  temperature,  and  walk  away.  the  smart  slow  cooker,  to  be  released  by  crockpot  any  day  now,  goes  one  step  further  by  making  all  the  controls  accessible  via  users  smartphones.  its  powered  by  belkins  free  wemo  app,  which  lets  users  start  or  stop  cooking,  adjust  temperatures  and
__label__logisticstracking cook  times,  and  set  alerts  and  notifications.  :  :  wifi  :  finally,  theres  everycook,  which  is  designed  for  those  who  dont  feel  as  comfortable  in  the  kitchen.  actually,  its  as  close  to  a  chefinthebox  as  weve  seen:  part  food  processor,  part  pressure  cooker,  and  part  robot.  first,  select  a  recipe  from  an  online  database  through  the  mobile  app.  then  feed  the  required  ingredients  through  the  slicer  and  into  the  cooking  pot.  a  mechanical  stirring  paddle  keeps  things  moving,  and  the  heat  settings  and  cooking  time  are  handled  automatically  according  to  the  recipe  you  chose.  theres  even  a  scale  so  you
__label__logisticstracking dont  have  to  measure  just  add  an  ingredient  until  everycook  tells  you  to  stop.  its  a  neat  idea,  but  everycook  has  struggled  with  crowdfunding.  though  the  designer  did  not  respond  to  postscapes  request  for  a  comment  on  the  devices  future,  work  seems  to  be  continuing.  :  not  yet  available  :  wifi  :  mellow  is  a  remote  cooking  device  designed  specifically  for  sousvide,  in  which  food  is  placed  in  vacuumsealed  plastic  bags  and  cooked  slowly  in  steam  or  a  water  bath  at  low  temperatures.  it  will  hold  food  in  its  the  tank  at  refrigerator  temperature  until  its  ready  to  cook,  and
__label__logisticstracking you  can  use  the  mobile  app  to  adjust  settings  and  timers  so  your  meal  will  be  ready  the  moment  you  get  home.  :  :  wifi  weve  already  covered  everything  but  the  kitchen  sink...might  as  well  throw  that  in,  too  :  hydropoints  360  sensor  installs  on  a  homeowners  cold  water  line,  under  the  kitchen  sink,  and  monitors  vibrations  that  occur  throughout  the  homes  plumbing  system  to  determine  exactly  which  fixture  or  appliance  is  being  usedbecause  a  flushing  toilet  draws  water  differently  from  a  dishwasher.  this  captured  data  can  then  be  analyzed  by  machine  learning  algorithms  to  accurately  calculate  how  much  water
__label__logisticstracking each  fixture  is  consuming,  identify  leaky  pipes,  alert  a  user  to  clogs  or  other  upcoming  issues,  and  recommend  water  saving  options  tailored  to  their  specific  usage  patterns.  :  unknown  :  unknown  :  :  water  quality  has  been  in  the  news  recently,  with  troubling  revelations  that  what  comes  out  of  the  tap  in  some  communities  isnt  safe  to  drink.  while  no  home  filtration  system  can  protect  against  a  truly  broken  municipal  water  supply,  the  offers  a  little  peace  of  mind  to  those  who  want  to  be  sure  of  whats  in  their  local  water.  like  many  inhome  filters,  ecomo  attaches  to  the
__label__logisticstracking kitchen  faucet.  as  water  flows  through,  sensors  in  the  device  analyze  it  for  heavy  metals,  bacteria,  ph,  harmful  chemicals  and  other  hazards.  a  colorcoded  led  ring  gives  instant  feedback  on  water  quality,  and  a  mobile  app  offers  detailed  data  and  recommendations  including  which  of  several  included  filters  to  use  for  optimal  water.  ecomos  photovoltaic  exterior  provides  solar  power,  while  the  interior  hardware  relies  on  microfluidics  technologies  for  precisely  controlling  the  flow  of  tiny  amounts  of  liquid  which  ceo  eric  zhiqiang  li  .  :  unknown  :  unknown  :  looking  to  verify  where  you  food  has  come  from  or  if  it  is
__label__logisticstracking made  up  of  what  it  claims  to  be?  below  are  some  technology  devices  targeting  authenticity  and  origins  in  the  food  supply  chain.  a  handheld  bluetooth  device  that  promises  to  tell  users  whats  in  any  food  item  at  the  press  of  a  button,  based  on  the  spectrum  of  light  that  food  reflects.  through  a  smartphone  app,  tellspec  will  analyze  ingredients,  count  calories,  and  warn  about  allergens  or  toxic  chemicals  like  mercury.  lets  get  the  inevitable  comparison  to  star  treks  instantlyanalyzeanything  device  out  of  the  way.  yeah,  its  kind  of  like  that,  but  just  for  food  so  far,  anyway.  point  the  sleek
__label__logisticstracking palmsized  device  at  your  meal,  hold  down  the  single  button,  and  wait  for  a  beep:  in  seconds,  the  chemical  composition  of  the  food  pops  up  on  your  phone,  crossreferenced  with  information  about  each  ingredient.  tellspec  uses  an  infrared  laser  to  perform  a  chemical  analysis  technique  called  .  when  hit  with  infrared  light,  any  atom  or  molecule  will  bounce  back  light  of  a  distinctive  and  slightly  different  set  of  wavelengths.  tellspec  collects  the  mishmash  of  reflected  light  and  sends  that  data  to  a  cloudbased  server,  where  an  algorithm  teases  apart  the  light  signatures  of  this  or  that  compound  and  reports  back
__label__logisticstracking to  you  with  the  results.  knowing  exactly  whats  in  your  food  is  an  empowering  tool,  especially  for  people  with  sensitivities  or  allergies  to  ingredients  like  gluten  or  lactose.  not  only  would  it  give  consumers  greater  control  over  what  they  put  in  their  bodies;  it  would  also  let  shoppers  and  diners  hold  food  producers  and  restaurants  to  account  for  misleading  or  neglectful  food  labelling.  the  company  claims  tellspec  works  even  through  clear  plastic  and  glass,  so  its  useful  everywhere  from  the  home  to  the  grocery  store  to  restaurants.  the  big  question  is  how  reliable  and  accurate  tellspecs  analysis  truly  is.  the
__label__logisticstracking company  claims  better  than  97  accuracy  in  its  own  tests,  and  is  working  with  university  researchers  to  do  more  tests  and  document  the  results  in  academic  publications.  the  analysis  engine  is  built  on  a  learning  algorithm,  so  the  more  people  use  tellspec,  the  better  the  results  should  become.  the  tellspec  device  is  available  now  for  enterprise  customers  starting  at  1900  for  the  hardware  device.  check  out  the  video  for  more  details  on  how  tellspec  works.  wouldnt  it  be  nice  to  grow  your  own  herbs  straight  from  your  kitchen?  these  smart  devices  allow  you  to  simply  monitor  and  control  a  small
__label__logisticstracking device  to  do  just  that.  driven  by  low  energy  and  high  powered  leds,  aquaponic  pods.  with  every  new  successful  technology  there  are  usually  a  few  dozen  of  failed  ideas  that  came  before  it.  we  highlight  some  smart  kitchen  devices  that  either  the  market  didnt  support  or  never  reached  consumers.  theeggminder  wasthe  first  connected  device  coming  out  of  the  gates  for  the  ge  and  quirky  instantly  connecte  collaborative  product  line.  the  smart  egg  tray  lets  you  know  how  many  eggs  you  have  left  in  the  fridge  while  you  are  out  at  the  grocery  store  via  its  builtin  wifi  connectivity  driven  by
__label__logisticstracking the  card  and  the  wink  smartphone  app.  the  tray  features  a  sensor  installed  in  each  egg  slot  that  can  help  you  keep  track  of  recommended  expiration  dates  based  on  when  they  were  first  placed  in  the  carton  and  a  builtin  led  to  alert  you  to  the  freshest  eggs  remaining  in  the  last  batch.  the  product  idea  was  originally  submitted  to  the  crowd  developed  product  site  by  and  has  had  over  shape  the  final  product  during  its  creation.  it  did  end  up  going  on  sale  for  a  brief  time  but  quirky  itself  ended  up  shutting  down  and  the  continued  development  of
__label__logisticstracking the  egg  tray  product  line  with  it.  created  by  hong  kongbased  and  designed  by  french  engineer  jacques  lepine  the  pronounced  happy  fork  wants  to  help  users  lose  weight  and  decrease  digestive  problems  by  reminding  them  to  eat  a  little  bit  slower.  using  a  capacitive  sensor  and  a  builtin  vibration  motor  the  fork  will  send  out  gentle  physical  notifications  or  small  indicator  light  flashes  when  it  measures  that  you  are  eating  at  a  difficult  to  digest  pace.  all  of  your  eating  data  is  transmitted  via  bluetooth  to  your  smartphone  and  an  online  tracking  dashboard  where  over  time  you  can  monitor  when
__label__logisticstracking you  started  and  finished  your  meals,  the  amount  of  fork  servings  taken  per  minute  and  per  meal,  and  the  specific  duration  of  each  fork  serving  interval.  the  product  launched  but  with  poor  reviews  did  not  continue  into  further  development.  bincam,  a  research  project  from  newcastle  university,  gives  a  new  meaning  to  the  term  ewaste.  instead  of  electronics  ending  up  in  the  trash,  this  receptacle  uses  electronics  and  a  bit  of  social  pressure  to  make  owners  more  aware  of  their  waste  and  hopefully  divert  more  of  it  into  recycling  and  composting  instead  of  the  landfill.  its  pretty  simple.  a  smartphone  under
__label__logisticstracking the  lid  snaps  a  photo  every  time  someone  drops  in  a  waste  item.  the  photo  is  automatically  uploaded  to  facebook,  where  the  users  friends  and  family  can  shame  them  for  tossing  a  perfectly  recyclable  bottle,  or  for  failing  to  compost  their  table  scraps.  at  the  same  time,  the  bincam  facebook  app  sends  the  picture  out  to  amazons  mechanical  turk  service,  where  a  real  human  being  will  score  the  photo  based  on  whether  each  item  is  truly  deserving  of  the  lowly  trash  can.  these  scores  also  get  pushed  back  to  facebook  so  users  can  compete  to  have  the  greenest  household.  in
__label__logisticstracking essence,  bincam  gamifies  your  trash  offering  points  and  leaderboards  in  the  hopes  that  it  will  be  better  motivation  than  a  moralizing  fingerwag  about  each  persons  responsibility  to  care  for  the  environment.  some  commentators  have  argued  that  its  a  mediocre  use  of  smart  technology,  which  works  best  when  it  treats  us  as  adults  and  presents  the  opportunity  to  make  informed,  ethicallymotivated  choices  about  our  own  behavior.  but  the  creators  of  bincam  say  that  the  gaming  tiein  to  social  media  allows  feedback  from  friends  and  family  both  encouragement  and  peer  pressure  guilttrips  to  normalize  proper  waste  disposal.  and  their  published  research  on
__label__logisticstracking bincam  shows  an  increase  in  both  users  awareness  of,  and  reflection  about,  their  waste  management  and  their  motivation  to  improve  their  wasterelated  skills.  you  could  easily  see  the  mechanical  turk  service  being  replaced  in  the  future  with  smart  packing  technology  or  networked  cameras  that  can  identify  the  object  and  allow  for  identification  and  better  sorting  procedures.  your  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  getting  started  weekly  bargains  the  smart  home
__label__logisticstracking postscapes  is  an  independent  review  site.  we  may  earn  money  when  you  click  on  links  on  our  site.  smart  home  scout  the  source  for  smart  home  buying  advice.  the  equation  of  one  app  required  for  every  connected  device  you  own  not  adding  up  anymore?  below  we  take  a  look  at  an  emerging  number  of  smart  home  apps  that  integrate  with  a  multiple  connected  products  and  allow  you  to  set  rules  and  workflows  to  manage  them  based  on  grouping  actions,  sensor  readings,  and  your  previous  interactions  with  the  devices.  11/18/2019  who  stands  out  with  the  best  user  interface  and  rules  engines?
__label__logisticstracking manage  all  your  smart  home  devices  remotely  using  your  mobile  phone,  amazon  alexa,  google  home,  apple  watch,  or  android  wear.  ios:  4.2/5  879  ratings  android:  3./5  821  ratings  create  and  customize  triggs  with  the  easy  olisto  when  then  rule  engine.  ios:  3/5  5  ratings  android:  3.5/5  182  ratings  these  apps  unify  your  different  smart  home  products  into  one  app,  but  generally  lack  more  advanced  features  like  linking  rulesets  together.  save  time  and  control  your  world  by  connecting  do  button  to  philips  hue,  lifx,  google  drive,  nest  thermostat,  wemo,  twitter,  evernote,  slack,  and  hundreds  of  apps  and  devices  you  use  every
__label__logisticstracking day.  myhome  plus  controls  entire  home  in  one  app,  fullfeature  supporting  all  apple  homekit  accessories,  nest  thermostat,  nest  protect,  nest  cam,  wemo  switch,  wemo  insight,  wemo  light  switch,  and  wemo  motion;  and  makes  the  days  of  switching  apps  to  control  different  products  over.  with  imperihome,  control  your  home  automation  systems  and  connected  objects  from  a  single  and  highly  customizable  interface.  in  the  market  for  a  smart  door  lock?  these  connected  home  apps  are  tied  to  one  device  or  hub  at  their  core  and  have  various  levels  of  sophistication  in  terms  of  rules  engines,  schedule  based  interactions,  etc  experience  the  first
__label__logisticstracking voice  activated  home  automation  system  for  highend  homes.  mosaic  allows  you  to  control  both  your  smart  devices  and  workflows  through  talk,  chat  and  type  platforms.  the  open  home  automation  bus  openhab  project  aims  at  providing  a  universal  integration  platform  for  all  things  around  home  automation.  it  is...  mycroft  uses  open  software  to  process  natural  language,  determine  your  intent  and  take  action.  home  assistant  is  an  opensource  home  automation  platform  running  on  python  3.  track  and  control  all  devices  at  home  and  automate  control....  your  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most
__label__logisticstracking interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  getting  started  weekly  bargains  the  smart  home  scout  is  dedicated  to  helping  you  find  the  best  smart  home  products  on  the  market.  to  keep  your  family  safe,  connected  and  saving  resources.  739  sherman  st  .  denver,  co  80203
__label__logisticstracking postscapes  is  an  independent  review  site.  we  may  earn  money  when  you  click  on  links  on  our  site.  smart  home  scout  the  source  for  smart  home  buying  advice.  considering  all  the  smart  home  products  that  have  appeared  in  the  last  couple  of  years,  its  getting  hard  to  resist  the  temptation  to  strip  ones  house  down  to  a  wooden  frame  and  start  all  over.  like  the  six  million  dollar  man  ,  we  can  rebuild  it.  we  have  the  technology.  we  can  make  it  bettermore  efficientmore  connected  than  before.  the  smarthome  market  often  fuels  this  impulse  by  offering  products  that  replace  the
__label__logisticstracking dumb  appliances  and  infrastructure  of  existing  buildings,  without  regard  for  the  decadeslong  life  cycles  and  sunk  costs  that  homeowners  have  already  invested.  luckily,  more  and  more  products  are  taking  the  retrofit  approach:  designs  that  piggyback  on  a  homes  existing  infrastructure  to  connect  it  to  the  internet  of  things,  inexpensively  and  without  the  use  of  power  tools.  11/01/2019  108  159  infrared  hubs  smart  thermostats  have  been  the  poster  child  for  the  iot  ever  since  nest  hit  it  big,  but  they  only  work  for  homes  that  have  central  control  over  heating  and  cooling.  sensibo,  ambi  climate  and  tado  cooling  are  three  products
__label__logisticstracking for  automating  any  standalone  ac  unit  that  can  be  operated  with  an  infrared  remote  control.  ambi  and  tado  can  control  multiple  units  in  a  single  room,  while  sensibo  places  a  sensor  on  each  ac  unit  in  the  home  and  ties  them  to  a  central  hub  with  zigbee.  all  three  systems  use  predictive  algorithms,  presence  sensors,  weather  data,  and  other  sources  to  optimize  the  indoor  climate  while  minimizing  energy  consumption.  postscapes  collects  products  that  replace  or  augment  mechanical  locks  to  enable  proximitybased  and  remote  access.  our  roundup  collects  products  that  wire  into  an  existing  garage  door  opener  to  allow  smartphone  control
__label__logisticstracking and  proximity  access.  :  4099  :  4075  actuators,  magnets  and  bulb  sockets  :  4099  :  4099  breaker  panels  and  electrical  outlets  attaching  to  existing  power  outlets  to  collect  electricity  consumption  data,  and  enable  automated  and  remote  control  of  appliances.  :  ranges  see  :  4099  actuators,  sensors  retrofits  tend  to  be  cheaper  and  easier  to  install  than  standalone  replacement  products,  which  make  them  more  sustainable,  and  appealing  as  introductory  products  to  homeowners  unfamiliar  with  the  iot.  theyre  also  great  for  renters,  who  may  not  be  able  to  mess  with  things  like  wiring  and  plumbing  without  the  landlords  approval.  deciding  what  counts
__label__logisticstracking as  an  iot  retrofit  is  not  an  exact  science.  in  this  roundup,  weve  chosen  to  focus  on  products  that  add  connectivity  and  computational  intelligence  to  something  you  already  have  in  your  home,  but  that  cant  stand  alone  as  a  complete  functional  product  without  that  preexisting  object.  that  means  we  didnt  include  multipurpose  sensors,  even  though  they  can  provide  a  range  of  utility  around  the  home  check  out  for  examples.  more  to  come  as  this  category  develops.  your  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology
__label__logisticstracking and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  getting  started  weekly  bargains  the  smart  home  scout  is  dedicated  to  helping  you  find  the  best  smart  home  products  on  the  market.  to  keep  your  family  safe,  connected  and  saving  resources.  739  sherman  st  .  denver,  co  80203
__label__logisticstracking we  offer  you  a  fully  functional  experience  based  in  your  especific  use  case.  reduce  costs  and  enhance  efficiency  and  productivity  in  your  logistics  processes.  locate  in  realtime  your  assets  while  theyre  being  transported  and  know  its  state  thanks  to  temperature  and  shock  sensors.  track  exhaustively  throughout  our  platform  to  analyze  each  movement  and  anticipate  incidents.  detect  and  solve  possible  incidents  in  the  cold  chain  of  your  refrigerated  assets.  make  a  realtime  tracking  of  the  product  during  transport  and  guarantee  quality  control  and  regulatory  compliance.  save  costs,  enhance  efficiency  and  increase  customer  satisfaction.  have  always  controlled  your  medical  equipment  and  hospital
__label__logisticstracking supplies,  during  transport  and  once  in  the  medical  facilities.  monitor  exhaustively  to  ensure  its  security  and  good  conditions,  and  prevent  thefts.  let  the  internet  of  things  iot  be  on  the  service  of  your  farm.  identify  the  routes  and  movements  of  your  livestock  to  analyze  its  state  and  prevent  possible  problems  with  animals.  know  at  every  moment  where  they  are,  receive  alerts  when  out  of  perimeter  and  avoid  they  blended  with  the  neighboring  farm  animals.  a  new  way  to  track  any  kind  of  asset.  the  thinnest  beacon  battery:  up  to  18  months  range:  up  to  100m  eddystonetm  and  ibeacontm  the  forever
__label__logisticstracking young  beacon.  powered  by  usb  port  range:  up  to  100m  eddystonetm  and  ibeacontm  the  strongest  beacon.  battery:  up  to  104  months  range:  up  to  100m  eddystonetm  and  ibeacontm  the  most  versatile  beacon.  battery:  up  to  46  months  range:  up  to  50m  eddystonetm  and  ibeacontm  submit  a  ticket,  well  a  new  way  to  track  any  kind  of  asset.  terra  alta,  13  pol.  ind.  can  carner  08211  castellar  del  valls  barcelona  spain  1460  broadway  new  york,  ny  10036,  usa  we  use  own  and  thirdparty  cookies  to  improve  our  services  and  to  show  ads  related  to  your  preferences  by  analyzing  your  browsing  habits.
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  iotenabled  asset  tracking  is  playing  a  greater  role  in  the  modern  economy  than  ever  before.  a  found  that  an  estimated  1.9  trillion  of  economic  value  could  be  created  by  the  use  of  iot  devices  and  asset  tracking  solutions  in  the  global
__label__logisticstracking supply  chain  and  logistics  sector.  but  in  order  to  compete  for  a  piece  of  this  emerging,  profitable  market,  youll  need  to  know  which  iot  technology  will  benefit  your  asset  tracking  application  and  how  to  build  a  system  that  works  seamlessly  within  your  existing  business  model.  by  building  a  flexible,  customized  tracking  system,  you  can  reap  the  benefits  of  asset  tracking  without  having  to  make  significant  changes  to  your  business,  saving  you  both  time  and  money.  a  number  of  industries  have  adopted  iotenabled  asset  tracking  already,  paving  the  way  for  the  creation  of  new  business  opportunities  and  more  efficient  operations.  sierra
__label__logisticstracking wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__logisticstracking devices  orbcomms  powerful,  rugged  and  costeffective  asset  tracking  devices  track,  monitor  and  control  assets  in  the  most  remote  areas  of  the  world  with  complete  global  coverage  across  multiple  satellite  and  cellular  networks.  the  bt500  provides  complete  visibility,  monitoring  and  management  of  drivers,  vehicles  and  displays.  part  of  a  comprehensive  fleet  management  solution,  the  bt500  provides  gps  fleet  tracking,  advanced  data  collection  from  the  canbus,  flexible  communication  options  and  an  open,  scalable  platform.  deploy  your  eld  solution  on  rugged,  designed  to  keep  drivers  productive  and  your  fleets  data  secure.  choose  from  garmin  and  tomtom.  the  fully  programmable  idp782  is  available  as
__label__logisticstracking cellularonly  or  as  an  integrated  dualmode  device  combining  cellular  network  coverage  and  the  twoway  isatdata  pro  satellite  service.  it  enables  fleet  managers  to  locate  and  remotely  manage  vehicles  and  communicate  with  drivers  traveling  in  and  out  of  remote  areas.  orbcomms  pro400  monitors  drivers  performance  and  alerts  drivers  and  managers  of  unsafe  behaviours  through  stateoftheart  verbal  coaching.  detect  speeding,  aggressive  driving,  seat  belt  violations  and  use  driver  scoring  to  improve  performance  over  time.  the  nextgeneration  gt  1200  series  is  an  ultracompact  dry  trailer  and  container  tracking  solution  with  expanded  support  for  wireless  sensors,  quicker  and  safer  field  installation,  an  improved  solar
__label__logisticstracking panel,  and  many  more  advanced  features.  comes  as  standalone  tracking  solution  or  as  an  allinone,  featurerich  device  with  integrated  cargo  sensors.  designed  specifically  for  trailer  tracking,  orbcomms  solarpowered  gt  1100  has  a  small  form  factor  that  makes  it  easy  to  install  on  trailers  and  intermodal  containers  to  provide  complete  asset  visibility,  improve  operations  and  lower  the  cost  of  doing  businessall  without  the  hassle  of  frequent  battery  changes.  the  ct  3000  enables  realtime  visibility  and  control  of  refrigerated  containers  moving  along  the  cold  chain.  protect  cargo,  control  reefer  temperature,  simplify  pretrip  inspections  ptis,  access  data  logs  and  more.  the  gt  2300
__label__logisticstracking is  a  robust,  selfpowered  container  tracking  device  with  cellular  communications  and  gps,  providing  visibility  into  the  status,  movement,  loading  and  unloading  transactions  of  dry  intermodal  container  operations.  the  pt  6000  offers  twoway  monitoring  and  control  of  refrigerated  trailers,  containers  and  railcars.  enables  comprehensive  temperature,  fuel  and  maintenance  management,  multitemperature  zone  support,  eventbased  alarms  and  more.  the  bt320  is  an  advanced  temperature  monitoring  device  for  refrigerated  trucks  and  trailers,  with  twoway  reefer  control,  maintenance  scheduling,  temperature  compliance  data,  ebs  connectivity,  refrigerated  vehicle  tracking,  incab  reefer  monitoring  for  drivers  and  realtime  alerts.  the  pt  7000  is  a  ruggedized,  dualmode  tracking  and  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking device  designed  specifically  for  a  broad  range  of  heavy  equipment  types  and  sizes  in  construction,  mining,  rail  and  utilities.  the  compact  and  versatile  gt  1020  is  designed  to  track  fixed,  portable,  and  mobile  assets  for  the  demanding  heavy  equipment  and  construction  markets.  orbcomms  st  6000  series  satellite  terminals  can  used  to  provide  seamless  shiptoshore  connectivity  for  fishing  vessels  and  buoys.  a  newly  designed,  builtin  antenna  makes  this  device  suitable  for  both  land  and  maritime  deployments  using  the  isatdata  pro  network.  the  idp800  is  a  lowprofile,  fully  programmable  satellite  communications  device  with  an  integrated  battery  compartment  that  uses  the  twoway  isatdata
__label__logisticstracking pro  satellite  network  for  near  realtime  tracking  of  trailers,  containers,  vessels  and  more.  created  for  small  craft  fleet  owners  and  operators,  maritime  authorities,  and  enforcement  agencies,  hali  combines  terrestrial  ais,  satellite  ais  and  satellite  m2m  technology  into  one  affordable  and  reliable  class  b  ais  device  for  vessel  location,  maritime  safety  and  environmental  compliance.  orbcomms  st  6000  series  satellite  terminals  deliver  complete  visibility  and  control  of  industrial  assets  operating  in  remote  areas,  with  global  satellite  connectivity  over  the  network.  devices  watch  to  learn  why  solution  providers  are  increasingly  incorporating  satellite  into  their  iot  deployments.  the  development  kit  includes  all  the  hardware,
__label__logisticstracking software  and  support  you  need  to  get  started  with  the  st  series  satellite  terminals  and  idp  network...  the  number  of  satellitebased  connections  for  iot  could  increase  by  80  between  2016  and  2023.  this  webinar  will  explore  how  satellite  can  help  your  business.  orbcomm  2001  2019  all  rights  reserved  de  for  blue  tree  page:  impressum  by  proceeding  to  use  this  website  you  shall  be  deemed  to  have  accepted  our  surrounding  the  use  of  cookies.
__label__logisticstracking among  the  many  iot  uses  cases,  many  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  some  technologies  are  inevitable,  even  if  what  we  eventually  take  for  granted  looks  a  bit  different  than  the  way  it  was  originally  conceived.  no  one  would  seriously  question  the  value  of  mobile  tech  today,  but  in  its  infancy  personal  digital  assistants  in  the  1990s  it  bore  little  resemblance  to  modern  smartphones  and  tablets  and  was,  at  the  time,  anything  but  a  sure  bet.  the  internet  of  things  is  another  great  example  of
__label__logisticstracking a  tech  thats  unavoidably  becoming  an  essential  part  of  the  business  ecosystem.  ,  for  example,  estimates  that  the  iot  will  be  a  1.2  trillion  with  a  t  business  by  2022,  with  companies  of  all  sizes  investing  in  a  foundation  of  smart,  connected  devices  and  the  data  streams  they  provide.  of  course,  its  one  thing  to  know  you  need  to  invest  in  the  iot;  its  another  thing  to  know  the  smartest  play  for  your  business.  even  if  you  know  its  a  good  idea  to  it  increases  your  chances  for  an  early  roi  and  invests  more  people  in  the  success  of  the
__label__logisticstracking program  you  will  need  to  choose  the  right  use  cases  for  your  business.  here  are  five  of  the  most  compelling  use  cases  in  iot  today.  software  developers  talk  about  killer  apps  an  application  so  transformative  that  it  gives  you  a  reason  to  invest  in  the  platform  that  the  app  lives  on.  spreadsheets  were  the  first  killer  app  and  sold  millions  of  early  pcs.  for  the  iot,  many  might  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  imagine  a  network  of  sensors  that  can  track  not  just  the
__label__logisticstracking location  of  every  product  in  your  supply  chain,  but  also  its  condition  is  your  refrigerated  produce  cool  enough  or  your  fragile  glass  goods  unbroken?.  you  can  know  how  many  items  are  on  the  shelf  and  where  those  shelves  are  within  the  store  or  warehouse,  for  that  matter.  youll  be  able  to  track  where  everything  is  in  the  supply  chain  and  automate  ordering,  processing,  and  transport.  another  compelling  use  case  for  iot  that  has  important  applications  in  of  a  vast  number  of  businesses  is  predictive  maintenance.  any  company  that  relies  on  hardware  manufacturing  equipment,  automated  kiosks,  transportation,  and  so  on  knows
__label__logisticstracking that  maintenance  is  a  significant  cost  center;  being  able  to  smartly  provide  predictive  and  preventative  maintenance  can  save  enormous  amounts  of  time  and  money.  iot  has  the  ability  to  identify  when  equipment  requires  maintenance  and  allow  you  to  deliver  it  just  in  time  not  too  soon,  racking  up  unneeded  costs  and  not  too  late,  resulting  in  downtime.  if  you  are  involved  in  manufacturing  or  production,  you  will  no  doubt  want  to  invest  in  tech  that  lets  your  systems  selfoptimize.  with  the  right  iot  tools  in  place,  your  gear  can  automatically  respond  to  all  the  other  equipment  in  a  workflow.  you
__label__logisticstracking can  reduce  waste  and  streamline  the  time  and  resources  if  all  of  your  equipment  works  together  without  human  input.  in  the  healthcare  industry,  being  able  to  track  the  health  and  status  of  patients  is  its  own  holy  grail.  not  only  can  the  iot  keep  track  of  vitals  remotely,  but  with  the  right  sensors  it  can  ,  be  notified  about  falls  and  other  accidents,  remotely  and  automatically  track  recovery  and  healing  progress,  and  get  instant  alerts  when  there  is  a  critical  problem.  finally,  fleet  management  is  a  use  case  that  in  some  ways  combines  elements  of  inventory  management  with  optimized  production.
__label__logisticstracking with  the  right  vehicle  tracking  tools,  you  can  track  your  fleet  of  vehicles  delivery  trucks,  passenger  cars,  or  any  other  kind  of  vehicle  in  real  time.  you  can  let  automated  systems  make  smart  decisions  about  routing  vehicles  and  leverage  your  data  to  more  efficiently  maintain  and  repair  them  as  well.  you  can  use  the  information  for  better  routing  and  even  find  unexpected  ways  to  make  your  fleet  operate  more  efficiently  like  .  find  out  how  an  iot  platform  like  canopy  can  help  your  business  turn  a  use  case  from  an  idea  into  a  reality.  data  has  become  a  critical  resource
__label__logisticstracking for  modern  businesses  the  fuel  that  drives  product  development,  sales,  marketing,  infrastructure,  human  resources,  and  a  thousand  other  aspects  of  corporate  success.  gains  in  connectivity  speeds  are  going  to  revolutionize  the  iot  and  let  us  take  for  granted  low  power,  long  distance  wireless  connectivity.  imagine  the  cost  savings  that  could  come  from  having  a  perfect  digital  copy  of  an  assembly  line  product  a  replica  that  isnt  just  about  dimensions  and  assembly  details,  but  also  reflects  materials,  lifetime  maintenance  data,  and  more.  indoor  positioning,  a  fastgrowing  branch  of  the  internet  of  things,  has  the  power  to  remap  the  way  we  think
__label__logisticstracking about  indoor  spaces.  executives  driving  ai  and  machine  learning  projects  will  need  to  pursue  several  tasks  in  order  to  successfully  adapt  this  transformational  technology.  its  a  tall  order  but  the  benefits  are  immense.  facilities  management  is  an  unforgiving,  challenging  job  with  myriad  demands  and  responsibilities.  thats  why  facilities  managers  should  be  keenly  interested  in  putting  iot  technology  to  work  in  their  buildings.
__label__logisticstracking published  october  12,  2016  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network
__label__logisticstracking security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__logisticstracking 1  st  week  of  july  2019  contact  us  :  872318235  volansys  is  a  silicon  valley  based  and  digital  transformation  company  offering  embedded  systems,  digital  networking,  ,  cloud  and  from  concept  to  rollout.  since  2008,  volansys  has  been  powering  enterprises  worldwide  to  engineer  smart  connected  products  and  applications  at  faster  time  to  market  and  lower  total  cost  of  ownership.  with  50  products  implemented,  425  employees  and  9  industrystandard  reference  platforms  including  and  2019  volansys  technologies,  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking identify  which  location  offering  best  suits  your  needs  leverage  accurate  location  intelligence  to  gain  deep  understanding  of  consumers  and  competitors  unlimited  geofences  for  quantifiable  insight  into  users  offline  behaviors  accurately  locate  devices  in  all  environments  worldwide  see  how  skyhooks  products  apply  to  your  industry  or  vertical.  learn  more  about  skyhook  you  know  who  your  loyal  fliers  are.  but  do  you  know  who  else  they  fly  with?  gain  a  360  degree  view  of  your  loyal  fliers  actions  and  interests.  then  use  these  insights  to  create  more  robust  flier  profiles,  smarter  segmentation  and  ultimately  more  market  share.  giam  swiegers,  ceo  deloitte  australia
__label__logisticstracking giam  swiegers,  ceo  deloitte  australia  giam  swiegers,  ceo  deloitte  australia  a  valuable  introduction  to  the  factors  driving  the  connected  device  world.  adding  location  to  your  iot  product  provides  numerous  advantages  and  capabilities.  this  white  paper  will  discuss  options  for  how  to  optimize  bandwidth  power  for  lpwan  networks  during  wifi  positioning.  everything  you  need  to  know  about  lpwan  location.  do  you  know  where  your  frequent  fliers  are?  2019  skyhook
__label__logisticstracking blockchain  empowers  the  iot  devices  to  enhance  security  and  bring  transparency  in  iot  ecosystems.  according  to  idc,  will  enable  blockchain  based  solutions  by  2019.  blockchain  offers  a  scalable  and  decentralized  environment  to  iot  devices,  platforms,  and  applications.  banks  and  financial  institutes  like  ing,  deutsche  bank,  and  hsbc  are  doing  poc  to  validate  the  blockchain  technology.  apart  from  financial  institutes,  a  wide  range  of  companies  have  planned  to  experience  the  potential  of  the  blockchain.  on  the  other  hand,  the  internet  of  things  iot  opens  up  countless  opportunities  for  businesses  to  run  smart  operations.  every  device  around  us  is  now  equipped  with
__label__logisticstracking sensors,  sending  data  to  the  cloud.  therefore,  combining  these  two  technologies  can  make  the  systems  efficient.  here  are  a  few  on  how  combining  iot  with  blockchain  can  have  a  significant  impact  across  multiple  industries:  a  global  supply  chain  network  involves  many  stakeholders  such  as  brokers,  raw  material  providers,  and  so  on,  complicating  the  endtoend  visibility.  also,  the  supply  chain  can  extend  over  months  of  time  and  consist  of  a  multitude  of  payments  and  invoices.  due  to  the  involvement  of  multiple  stakeholders,  delivery  delays  become  the  biggest  challenge.  therefore,  companies  are  working  on  making  the  vehicles  iotenabled  to  track  the  movement
__label__logisticstracking throughout  the  shipment  process.  due  to  the  lack  of  transparency  and  complications  in  the  current  supply  chain  and  logistics,blockchain  and  iot  combined  can  help  enhance  the  reliability  andtraceability  of  the  network.  iot  sensors  like  motion  sensors,  gps,  temperature  sensors,  vehicle  information  or  connected  devices  provide  crisp  details  about  the  status  of  shipments.  sensor  information  is  then  stored  in  the  blockchain.  once  the  data  is  saved  on  the  blockchain,  stakeholders  listed  in  the  smart  contracts  get  access  to  the  information  in  realtime.  supply  chain  participants  can  accordingly  prepare  for  transshipment  and  run  crossborder  transactions.  golden  state  foodsgsf  is  a  diversified  supplier,
__label__logisticstracking wellknown  for  manufacturing  and  distribution  of  food  products.  serving  more  than  125,000  restaurants,  gsf  is  aimed  at  producing  and  delivering  highquality  products.  gsf  is  working  with  ibm  to  optimize  the  business  processes  using  blockchain  and  iot.  sensors  data  collected  on  the  blockchain  ensure  the  issues  are  addressed  and  reported  automatically  before  they  create  serious  problems.  with  the  help  of  blockchain,  gsf  can  create  secure,  immutable,  and  visible  ledger,  which  is  accessible  by  different  stakeholders  to  improve  accountability  and  transparency.  connecting  iot  enabled  vehicles  with  the  decentralized  network  enables  multiple  users  to  exchange  crucial  information  easily  and  quickly.  the  automotive  industry
__label__logisticstracking is  one  of  the  interesting  blockchain  iot  use  cases  where  the  combined  technology  can  disrupt  automated  fuel  payment,  autonomous  cars,  smart  parking  and  automated  traffic  control.  netobjex  has  demonstrated  the  smart  parking  solution  using  blockchain  and  iot.  the  integration  eases  the  process  of  finding  a  vacant  space  in  the  parking  lot  and  automates  the  payments  using  crypto  wallets.  the  company  has  collaborated  with  a  parking  sensor  company  pni  for  realtime  vehicle  detection  and  finding  the  availability  of  the  parking  area.  iot  sensors  calculate  the  parking  charges  for  the  parking  duration,  and  the  billing  takes  place  directly  through  the  crypto  wallet.
__label__logisticstracking but  the  traditional  centralized  approach  toexchange  information  generated  by  iot  devices  lacks  the  security  standards  and  ownership  of  information.  blockchain  could  elevate  the  smart  home  to  the  next  level  by  solving  security  issues  and  removing  centralizedinfrastructure.  telstra,  australian  telecommunication,  and  media  company  provide  smart  home  solutions.  the  company  has  implemented  blockchain  and  biometric  security  to  ensure  no  one  can  manipulate  the  data  captured  from  smart  devices.  sensitive  user  data  such  as  biometrics,  voice  recognition,  and  facial  recognition  are  stored  on  the  blockchain  for  improved  security.  once  the  data  is  saved  on  the  blockchain,  it  cannot  be  modified,  and  the  access
__label__logisticstracking is  only  provided  to  the  right  person.  can  you  imagine  an  airbnb  apartment  which  leases  itself?  is  doing  it  precisely  by  using  blockchain  iot.  is  using  blockchain  technology  for  sharing  of  iotenabled  objects  or  devices.  they  have  planned  to  develop  a  universal  sharing  network  usn  to  create  a  secure  online  market  of  connected  things.  with  usn,  any  object  can  be  rented,  sold  or  shared  securely  without  requiring  intermediaries.  it  could  be  possible  for  thirdparties  like  manufacturers  to  onboard  any  object  to  the  usn  without  seeking  permission.  smart  contracts  ensure  data  privacy  and  transparency  by  controlling  access  to  information.  the  transparent
__label__logisticstracking and  traceable  nature  of  the  blockchain  technology  can  help  to  monitor  the  shipment  of  drugs  from  its  origin  to  the  destination  of  the  supply  chain.  lets  discuss  one  potential  iot  blockchain  application  based  on  the  healthcare  industry.  the  data  stored  on  the  distributed  ledger  is  immutable,  timestamped  and  accessible  to  manufacturers,  wholesalers,  dispensers  and  endcustomers  involved  in  the  supply  chain.  mediledger  is  the  blockchain  based  platform,  offering  simplified  payment  process,  controlled  users  access  and  stop  counterfeiting  drugs  from  invading  the  supply  chain.  blockchain  coupled  with  iot  has  the  potential  to  reshape  the  food  production  industry  from  farm  to  grocery  to
__label__logisticstracking home.  by  installing  iot  sensors  in  the  farms  and  sending  its  data  directly  to  the  blockchain  can  help  enhance  the  food  supply  chain  to  a  greater  extent.  let  us  explore  one  application  that  is  usingiot  blockchain  to  improve  the  agricultural  supply  chain.  also,  pavo  marketplace  allows  farmers  to  presell  crops  through  smart  forward  contracts  that  can  prevent  farmers  from  having  to  wait  for  payment  after  harvest.  to  understand  how  iot  blockchain  combined  can  help  your  business  or  if  you  are  looking  for  an  ,  our  experts  will  guide  you  and  walk  you  through  more  blockchain  iot  use  cases.  talk  to
__label__logisticstracking the  sun  might  set  each  evening  on  the  open  range,  but  as  any  rancher  knows,  the  work  doesnt  end  there.  predators  threaten  herds  in  the  far  reaches  of  a  property,  animals  wander  off  or  fall  ill,  birthing  happens  at  all  hours  of  the  day  and  night.  livestock  management  is  a  complex,  aroundtheclock  job,  but  no  rancher  can  be  everywhere  at  onceuntil  now.  for  the  first  time,  ranchers  have  a  complete  view  of  their  herdsanytime,  anywhere.  representing  the  latest  in  iot  innovation,  smart  livestock  collars  give  ranchers  the  ability  to  virtually  fence  and  track  animals  via  gps,  as  well  as  gather
__label__logisticstracking crucial  information  to  better  manage  the  health  and  safety  of  their  herds.  developed  by  veterinarians,  ranchers  and  engineers  who  understand  the  unique  challenges  of  modern  ranching,  these  durable,  lightweight  collars  gather  realtime  information  about  location,  speed,  body  temperature  and  stress  levels  of  livestock,  and  deliver  it  all  in  a  userfriendly  app,  through  sigfoxs  global  iot  network.  for  ranchers  around  the  world,  smart  livestock  collars  reduce  inefficiencies,  decrease  operating  costs  and  improve  the  health  and  safety  of  cattle,  horses,  sheep  and  goats.  whether  its  rounding  up  stray  animals,  warding  off  predators,  identifying  sick  or  injured  livestock,  or  removing  carcasses  before  they
__label__logisticstracking attract  predatorsout  on  the  range,  the  hours  are  long  and  the  workload  is  grueling.is  grueling.  but  even  still,  it  seems  the  work  is  never  done.  no  range  rider  or  ranch  hand  can  be  everywhere  at  once,  and  even  the  best  operations  still  struggle  to  minimize  livestock  losses  and  maximize  efficiency.  when  it  comes  to  containing  livestock  and  warding  off  predators,  fencing  helps  ease  the  burden  of  manpower  and  reduce  animal  loss,  but  this  is  not  always  an  idealor  feasiblesolution.  when  it  comes  to  containing  livestock  and  warding  off  predators,  fencing  helps  ease  the  burden  of  manpower  and  reduce  animal  loss,
__label__logisticstracking but  this  is  not  always  an  idealor  feasiblesolution.  fencing  large  areas  is  expensive,  and  in  the  case  of  steep  summer  pastures  or  the  open  range,  simply  impossible.  even  when  fencing  is  an  option,  animals  still  run  the  risk  of  escaping  through  damaged  sections,  or  worse,  falling  prey  to  rustlers  and  thieves.  monitoring  the  health  and  safety  of  livestock  scattered  across  vast  landscapes  is  equally  challenging.  when  an  animal  falls  ill  or  experiences  trouble  during  labor,  time  is  of  the  essence.  the  same  is  true  when  a  predator  threatens  the  safety  of  the  herd.  it  is  crucial  that  a  rancher  learns
__label__logisticstracking about  threats  in  a  timely  manner,  so  he  can  act  quickly.  but  a  human  presence  on  the  range  can  only  do  so  much  to  scout  out  trouble.  if  an  event  happens  at  night,  or  at  the  far  reaches  of  rangeland,  it  may  not  be  discovered  until  its  too  late.  smart  livestock  collars  give  ranchers  a  powerful  tool  for  solving  some  of  these  most  pressing  livestock  management  problems.  each  costeffective  collar  is  connected  to  sigfoxs  unique  network  dedicated  entirely  to  the  internet  of  things  iot.  this  secure,  global  network  was  built  specifically  to  power  smart  devices.  unlike  most  firstgeneration  smart  applications,
__label__logisticstracking devices  that  connect  to  the  sigfox  network  dont  rely  on  wifi  or  4g  networks,  making  them  an  ideal  solution  for  even  the  furthest  reaches  of  a  ranch.  livestock  collars  are  plugandplay,  so  they  dont  require  pairing  or  complex  configuration  and  can  be  connected  to  the  network  in  a  matter  of  minutes.  once  connected,  each  device  gathers  realtime  information  on  the  location  of  an  animal,  as  well  as  the  animals  speed,  body  temperature  and  stress  level.  this  information  is  transmitted  to  the  internet  and  made  available  in  a  use  friendly  way  to  ranchers  on  smartphone,  tablet  or  desktop  computer.  alert  notifications
__label__logisticstracking are  sent  if  an  animal  strays  beyond  set  boundaries,  or  if  a  health  or  behavioral  anomaly  occurs.  now  for  the  first  time,  a  rancher  has  a  birdseyeview  of  his  entire  herd,  right  at  his  fingertips.  thanks  to  the  highly  accurate  gps  tracking  included  in  smart  livestock  collars,  a  cattle  rancher  who  cant  fence  his  large  herd  in  their  summer  pasture  can  now  simply  set  boundaries  on  an  appbased  satellite  map.  he  can  do  this  remotely  and  change  boundaries  at  any  time.  if  one  of  his  horses  strays  outside  the  boundaries,  an  alert  is  triggered  in  the  app  and  gps  tracking
__label__logisticstracking is  activated  on  the  animals  collar.this  innovative  iot  technology  essentially  fences  pastures  and  ranges  with  the  push  of  a  button.  in  the  past,  that  same  cattle  rancher  might  not  learn  of  a  lost  horse  until  roundup,  by  which  time  the  missing  animal  may  have  strayed  miles  away  in  any  direction.  now,  with  a  smart  collar,  he  will  learn  about  the  loss  in  real  time  and  get  uptotheminute  information  about  the  animals  whereabouts  that  allow  him  to  efficiently  tracking  it  until  it  is  found.  his  animals  are  kept  safe  and  strains  on  manpower  are  kept  to  a  minimum.  not  only  do
__label__logisticstracking smart  livestock  collars  gather  valuable  information  about  animals  in  a  herd,  they  also  enable  powerful  analysis  of  this  information.  information  from  the  collars  is  transmitted  to  a  mobile  app,  using  sigfoxs  global  iot  network.  once  there,  the  app  uses  behavioral  algorithmscustomized  for  cattle,  horses,  sheep  or  goatsto  analyze  data  from  each  animals  collar  in  real  time.  alerts  are  triggered  if  unusual  behavior  occurs,  such  as  a  drop  in  temperature,  a  change  in  movement  patterns  or  a  sudden  increase  in  heart  rate.  if  a  ewes  labor  takes  a  dangerous  turn,  a  sheep  rancher  quickly  learns  about  it,  even  if  that  ewe
__label__logisticstracking is  lambing  out  in  the  middle  of  the  night.  this  early  information  has  the  power  to  significantly  reduce  calf  mortality.  likewise,  if  that  same  ranchers  sheep  feel  threatened  by  a  band  of  coyotes  lurking  on  the  edges  of  the  flock,  he  is  alerted  about  their  sudden  rise  in  stress  and  can  intervene  early,  minimizing  losses.  animals  that  fall  ill  are  also  identified  early  when  their  smart  collars  detect  warning  signs  like  increased  body  temperature  and  decreased  movement.  when  a  member  of  the  flock  does  die  while  out  on  the  range,  this  is  quickly  detected,  allowing  ranch  hands  to  dispose  of
__label__logisticstracking the  carcass  in  a  timely  manner.  in  addition  to  helping  ranchers  identify  issues  in  real  time,  smart  livestock  collars  aggregate  all  of  the  information  they  gather,  storing  it  in  a  userfriendly  database.  this  comprehensive  set  of  information  gives  ranchers  a  powerful  tool  to  help  make  longterm  herd  management  decision.  data  can  be  accessed  about  individual  animals  or  the  herd  as  a  whole.  graphs  and  reports  chart  movement  patterns,  grazing  routes,  activity,  distance  traveled  and  time  spent  resting.  maps  show  routes  traveled  by  animals  during  a  given  time  period.  this  allinone  platform  allows  ranchers  to  keep  comprehensive  files  on  each  animal
__label__logisticstracking and  share  those  files  with  veterinarians,  suppliers  and  public  authorities.  armed  with  a  powerful  set  of  data,  ranchers  can  easily  partner  with  key  stakeholders  to  make  informed  longterm  decisions  about  the  wellbeing  of  their  herds.  thanks  to  advanced  capabilities,  an  affordable  price  and  minimal  maintenance  needs,  smart  livestock  collars  are  quickly  becoming  a  musthave  tool  on  the  ranch.
__label__logisticstracking iot  is  helping  farmers  and  growers  improve  the  way  they  monitor  and  manage  crop  and  livestock  through  rich  datadriven  insights.  partner  with  the  iot  experts  at  telit  to  get  your  smart  crop  and  livestock  management  solutions  to  market  faster.  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__logisticstracking when  it  comes  to  managing  livestock  and  feed,  the  goal  for  every  farmer  is  to  be  as  efficient  and  productive  as  possible.  while  todays  farmers  have  embraced  some  technology,  such  as  gps  autosteering  tractors,  many  of  their  processes  are  the  same  as  those  used  in  previous  generations.  theres  a  lot  of  manual  work  involved  including  driving  out  to  the  pasture  several  times  a  day  to  check  on,  herd  and  feed  livestock.  during  calving  season,  many  farmers  rarely  leave  the  farm.  ranches  with  livestock,  particularly  largescale  agricultural  operations,  provide  one  of  the  best  use  cases  to  leverage  new  technology  that  uses
__label__logisticstracking the  internet  of  things  iot.  because  iot  enables  farmers  to  monitor  remote  locations  from  one  centralized  location,  they  can  more  efficiently  monitor  a  larger  number  of  livestock  and  get  more  detail  on  each  individual  animal  using  the  data  collected.  while  iot  can  provide  both  big  picture  and  daytoday  insights  to  improve  operational  efficiencies,  the  wealth  of  data  that  results  from  connecting  a  farm  to  the  internet  can  be  overwhelming.  farmers  can  choose  to  monitor  everything  from  each  animals  health,  location,  eating  habits  and  reproductive  cycle  to  the  herds  grazing  and  movement  patterns  in  a  pasture.  so,  how  does  a  farmer
__label__logisticstracking decide  which  aspects  are  most  useful?  a  moomonitor  wearable  on  a  cow.  farmers  in  the  u.s.  lose  nearly  2.4  billion  per  year  from  animal  illnesses  that  lead  to  death,  according  to  the  usda.  iot  solutions  let  farmers  closely  monitor  the  health  of  their  livestock,  which  can  be  an  effective  way  to  prevent  losses.  solutions  generally  employ  livestock  wearables  connecting  to  a  gateway  using  a  lowcost,  lowbandwidth  technology  to  stream  data  to  the  cloud.  connected  sensors  in  the  wearable  can  monitor  blood  pressure,  heart  rate,  respiratory  rate,  digestion,  temperature  and  other  vitals  that  allow  a  farmer  to  be  alerted  at  the
__label__logisticstracking first  sign  of  illness.  without  iot  monitoring,  problems  like  a  feed  issue  or  illness  in  a  herd  may  go  undetected  until  one  or  more  animals  require  veterinary  care.  with  sensors  continuously  measuring  each  individual  animals  condition  and  behavior,  farmers  can  avoid  those  costs  by  taking  corrective  action  sooner.  for  example,  a  cows  temperature  could  rise  enough  to  trigger  an  alert  well  before  the  farmer  notices  a  change  in  behavior.  monitoring  reproductive  cycles  and  calving  iot  can  also  be  useful  during  a  cows  reproductive  cycle  to  monitor  when  a  cow  goes  into  heat  and  when  they  are  ready  to  birth.  because
__label__logisticstracking cows  can  be  in  heat  for  as  little  as  eight  hours,  iot  devices  can  notify  the  farmer  as  soon  as  this  happens,  which  increases  productivity,  efficiency  and  potential  revenue.  if  the  cows  are  in  from  the  field,  a  more  advanced  system  with  iotcontrolled  fencing  can  automate  the  process  of  corralling  the  cow  in  heat  away  from  the  rest  of  the  herd  and  into  a  chute  for  artificial  insemination.  when  the  cow  goes  into  labor,  an  iot  sensor  can  send  an  alert  to  the  farmer,  making  the  calving  process  safer  while  eliminating  the  need  for  the  farmer  to  continually  check  on
__label__logisticstracking the  cow  to  see  if  she  has  started  calving.  tracking  location  iot  sensors  in  a  wearable  device  can  also  track  an  animals  location,  which  comes  in  handy  when  a  farmers  animals  are  spread  out  over  multiple  acres.  location  monitoring  can  be  extremely  useful  to  farmers  raising  free  range  or  pastured  livestock  as  it  allows  them  to  better  account  for  the  livestock.  tracking  location  allows  a  farmer  to  immediately  locate  a  sick  animal  or  an  animal  who  has  gone  into  heat  and  separate  it  from  the  herd  to  provide  treatment.  monitoring  an  animals  location  also  allows  a  farmer  to  recognize  movement
__label__logisticstracking patterns  for  each  animal  and  can  alert  the  farmer  when  an  animals  behavior  appears  to  be  different  than  normal,  which  can  be  a  sign  of  illness.  additionally,  movement  tracking  can  help  maximize  a  farmers  pastureland.  with  the  data  provided  from  tracking  each  animals  movement  as  well  as  the  herds  migration,  farmers  can  establish  and  optimize  grazing  patterns.  location  tracking  is  often  a  feature  included  in  health  or  reproductive  tracking  devices.  maximizing  milking  iot  devices  are  also  useful  to  dairy  farmers  who  have  cows  that  need  to  be  milked  several  times  a  day.  robots  can  increase  a  dairy  operations  milk  production
__label__logisticstracking by  allowing  cows  to  choose  when  they  would  like  to  be  milked,  which  can  result  in  increased  milking  sessions.  sensors  around  a  cows  neck  alerts  the  robot  to  the  identity  of  the  cow  about  to  be  milked,  individualizing  the  session  for  her.  it  can  also  track  each  animals  milking  speed,  the  amount  and  quality  of  milk  produced,  how  much  the  cow  has  eaten  and  the  number  of  steps  each  cow  has  taken  per  day.  from  that  data,  the  farmer  can  determine  which  cows  are  able  to  produce  more  milk  and  improve  their  diets  to  increase  lactation.  finetuning  feeding  farmers  can
__label__logisticstracking also  use  movement  tracking  to  monitor  specific  behaviors  in  their  herds  to  determine  how  frequently  they  feed.  they  can  correlate  cows  movements  with  specific  behaviors  such  as  grazing,  socializing  or  lying  down  chewing  the  cud.  knowing  how  often  each  of  these  behaviors  occurs  can  allow  farmers  to  finetune  their  herds  feed  requirements  so  they  arent  wasting  food  or  overfeeding  their  livestock.  farmers  can  also  use  iot  devices  to  monitor  feed  levels  so  they  know  when  a  trough  needs  to  be  refilled  or  when  they  need  to  purchase  more  feed.  these  steps  can  even  be  automated.  while  iot  devices  can  send
__label__logisticstracking realtime  alerts  to  help  increase  a  farms  efficiency,  the  data  provided  over  time  is  perhaps  the  most  powerful  result.  taking  all  the  data  together  can  allow  a  farmer  to  make  decisions  based  on  a  full  understanding  of  all  aspects  of  the  farm.  herd  patterns  may  lead  to  an  insight  into  birthing  rates  or  the  cause  of  a  disease  popping  up.  once  the  data  becomes  available,  it  will  even  be  possible  to  apply  machine  learning  to  pull  out  additional  insights  that  may  not  be  easily  identified.  at  infiswift,  we  provide  an  agriculturespecific  platform  to  vendors  and  farmers  to  build  out  these
__label__logisticstracking connected  iot  applications  that  can  change  the  way  livestock  are  managed.  ultimately,  farmers  will  be  the  ones  to  care  for  their  livestock,  but  iot  can  optimize  and  simplify  many  of  the  steps  involved.  because  implementing  iot  technology  can  monitor  each  animals  health,  fertility,  movement,  location  and  more,  farms  will  undergo  a  change  to  utilize  that  data  to  increase  their  efficiency,  productivity  and  revenue.  this  shift  is  already  underway  and  will  continue  to  pick  up  steam  as  livestock  management  evolves.  dawsey  ismarketing  director  at  infiswift.  2019  meister  media  worldwide
__label__logisticstracking the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  animal  production,  school  of  agricultural  and  forestry  engineering  etsiam,  university  of  cordoba,  14014  cordoba,  spain;  j.e.g.g.;  a.g.v.;  d.c.p.m.  data  science  laboratory,  school  of  computer  engineering,  university  rey  juan  carlos,  28933  mostoles,  spain;  j.n.g.;  k.p.a.  data  science  laboratory,  school  of  computer  engineering,  university  rey  juan  carlos,  28933  mostoles,  spain;  j.n.g.;  k.p.a.  sensowave  sl,  28830  san  fernando  de  henares,  spain;  department  of  animal  production,  school  of  agricultural  and  forestry  engineering  etsiam,  university  of  cordoba,  14014  cordoba,  spain;  j.e.g.g.;  a.g.v.;  d.c.p.m.  department  of  animal  production,  school  of  agricultural  and  forestry  engineering  etsiam,  university
__label__logisticstracking of  cordoba,  14014  cordoba,  spain;  j.e.g.g.;  a.g.v.;  d.c.p.m.  department  of  animal  production,  school  of  agricultural  and  forestry  engineering  etsiam,  university  of  cordoba,  14014  cordoba,  spain;  j.e.g.g.;  a.g.v.;  d.c.p.m.  animal  location  technologies  have  evolved  considerably  in  the  last  60  years.  nowadays,  animal  tracking  solutions  based  on  global  positioning  systems  gps  are  commercially  available.  however,  existing  devices  have  several  constraints,  mostly  related  to  wireless  data  transmission  and  financial  cost,  which  make  impractical  the  monitorization  of  all  the  animals  in  a  herd.  the  main  objective  of  this  work  is  to  develop  a  lowcost  solution  to  enable  the  monitorization  of  a  whole  herd.  an
__label__logisticstracking iotbased  system,  which  requires  some  animals  of  the  herd  being  fitted  with  gps  collars  connected  to  a  sigfox  network  and  the  rest  with  lowcost  bluetooth  tags,  has  been  developed.  its  performance  has  been  tested  in  two  commercial  farms,  raising  sheep  and  beef  cattle,  through  the  monitorization  of  50  females  in  each  case.  several  collar/tag  ratios,  which  define  the  cost  per  animal  of  the  solution,  have  been  simulated.  results  demonstrate  that  a  low  collar/tag  ratio  enable  the  monitorization  of  a  whole  sheep  herd.  a  larger  ratio  is  needed  for  beef  cows  because  of  their  grazing  behavior.  nevertheless,  the  optimal  ratio  depends
__label__logisticstracking on  the  purpose  of  location  data.  large  variability  has  been  observed  for  the  number  of  hourly  and  daily  messages  from  collars  and  tags.  the  system  effectiveness  for  the  monitorization  of  all  the  animals  in  a  herd  has  been  certainly  proved.  animal  location  and  tracking  have  been  topics  of  interest  for  both  wildlife  and  livestock  researchers  for  a  long  time.  animal  location  recording  allows  researchers  to  evaluate  some  key  aspects,  such  as  the  movements  of  animals  around  the  landscape  ,  the  spatial  heterogeneity  of  field  occupancy  by  animals  ,  the  pasture  utilization,  the  animal  performance  and  behavior  ,  or  the  social
__label__logisticstracking affiliations  within  a  herd  ,  .  early  methods  for  animal  location  relied  on  human  observation  of  natural  color  patterns  or  artificial  features  colored  collar  or  tag.  problems  of  these  methods  included  observer  fatigue  and  associated  error,  physical  limitations,  external  factors  weather  and  light,  and  the  effect  of  observer  proximity  on  animal  behavior  .  since  the  late  1950s,  very  high  frequency  vhf  tracking  technologies  have  been  commercially  available  to  gather  location  data  .  however,  vhfbased  tracking  systems  also  have  several  limitations,  from,  e.g.,  disturbing  the  animal  to  only  being  able  to  track  during  the  day  because  of  the  difficulty  of  the
__label__logisticstracking terrain.  location  fixes  and  accuracy  depend  on  the  position  of  the  researcher  ground  or  air,  his  discomfort  and  fatigue,  his  visibility,  and  the  characteristics  of  the  terrain.  without  a  visual  sighting,  errors  may  exceed  500  m  .  commercial  development  of  telemetry  systems  based  on  global  positioning  systems  gps  began  in  1991,  offering  researchers  the  opportunity  to  overcome  most  of  the  limitations  listed  above.  gpsbased  systems  have  the  potential  to  collect  large  amounts  of  highquality  location  data  24  h  per  day  and  under  all  weather  conditions.  the  accuracy  of  gps  tracking  systems  is  generally  considered  to  range  from  530  m  ,
__label__logisticstracking ,  depending  on  vegetation  cover,  topography  and  even  animal  position  .  thus,  a  new  era  of  animal  tracking  began  after  the  commercialization  of  gpsbased  systems,  and  scientific  literature  contains  numerous  examples  of  successful  studies  using  gps  positioning  ,  ,  .  the  first  gps  animal  units  were  fitted  with  a  400  g  lithium  battery  pack  that  was  expected  to  provide  one  year  of  operation  at  eight  fix  attempts  per  day,  although  field  trials  downgraded  life  expectancies  to  provide  268  days  of  service  at  six  fixes  per  day  .  the  total  weight  of  these  first  units  was  1.8  kg,  which  limited  their
__label__logisticstracking use  to  research  studies  on  large  mammals.  due  to  advances  in  the  miniaturization  of  sensor  technologies  and  to  the  development  of  higher  energydense  batteries,  some  devices  enabling  the  tracking  of  smaller  species,  e.g.,  birds,  are  now  available  .  nonetheless,  even  with  current  devices,  the  size  of  the  battery  pack  is  critical  in  finding  a  threshold  between  the  temporal  resolution  and  the  operational  life.  another  important  drawback  of  most  early  gpsbased  systems  was  that  data  were  stored  on  board  until  the  unit  could  be  remotely  released  by  a  radioactivated  breakaway  mechanism  or  recovered  by  the  recapture  of  the  animal.  the  development
__label__logisticstracking of  mobile  communications  has  enabled  the  transfer  and  regular  updating  of  location  data  by  gsm/sms  or  gsm/gprs  services  .  gsm  services  are  widely  available  in  europe,  but  there  are  many  vast  areas  throughout  the  world,  mostly  rural  areas,  without  them.  opportunistic  sensor  networks,  based  on  peertopeer  routing,  have  been  used  to  gather  location  data  of  several  animals  when  gsm  services  were  not  available  .  however,  regular  updating  of  the  information  can  be  challenging  in  that  case.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  paradigm  shift  in  the  enhancement  of  the  connectivity  of  the  internet.  it  provides  the  technical  feasibility  for
__label__logisticstracking a  large  number  of  sensors,  actuators,  and  smart  devices  to  remain  connected  with  it,  which  is  key  for  the  development  of  realtime  or  quasirealtime  applications.  the  requirements  of  iot  applications  have  driven  the  emergence  of  low  power  wide  area  lpwa  networks.  they  provide  longrange  communication  up  to  1040  km  in  rural  areas  and  15  km  in  urban  areas.  thus,  an  entire  city  or  several  farms  can  be  covered  by  a  single  base  station  .  in  addition,  lpwa  networks  are  highly  energy  efficient  and  inexpensive,  with  a  radio  chipset  cost  less  than  2  and  an  operating  cost  of  1  per  device
__label__logisticstracking .  hereafter,  it  is  expected  that  the  5th  generation  5g  of  wireless  mobile  communications  will  provide  the  means  to  allow  an  allconnected  world  of  humans  and  devices,  which  would  lead  to  a  global  lpwan  solution  for  iot  applications  .  precision  livestock  farming  plf  aims  to  manage  individual  animals  by  continuous  and  realtime  monitoring  of  their  health,  welfare,  production/reproduction,  and/or  environmental  impact  .  despite  the  advances  in  gpsbased  technologies  for  animal  tracking  in  recent  years,  several  constraints  limit  their  use  as  plf  tools  in  commercial  farms,  especially  in  the  case  of  extensive  production  systems.  first,  wireless  data  transmission  is  challenging  in
__label__logisticstracking most  rural  areas.  as  described  in  the  previous  paragraph,  iot  solutions  are  an  opportunity  to  overcome  that  problem,  but  there  are  still  few  iot  developments  devoted  to  animal  tracking  ,  .  on  the  other  hand,  the  financial  cost  of  gps  tracking  systems  generally  several  hundreds  of  euros  per  unit  remains  a  problem  for  widespread  use  of  these  technologies  .  this  is  especially  relevant  in  small  ruminants,  as  their  individual  cost  is  low  when  compared  to  the  tracking  device  cost.  at  best,  some  animals  within  the  herd  are  monitored  by  gps  devices,  which  could  be  sufficient  for  some  utilities,  e.g.,  the
__label__logisticstracking monitorization  of  the  percentage  of  time  devoted  to  rest,  graze,  and  travel  ,  .  nevertheless,  most  authors  argue  that  few  animals  are  not  representative  of  an  entire  herd  ,  ,  .  additionally,  there  are  some  utilities  that  would  require  knowing  the  location  of  all  the  animals  in  a  herd,  e.g.,  theft  control,  heat  detection,  or  calving  monitoring.  the  main  objective  of  this  paper  is  to  develop  a  lowcost  solution  that  enables  the  monitoring  of  the  location  of  all  the  animals  in  a  herd  and  the  continuous  updating  of  location  data,  which  is  needed  for  farmer  decision  support.  the  secondary  objective
__label__logisticstracking is  to  test  the  realworld  performance  of  the  solution  in  commercial  farms  with  different  production  conditions.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  presents  the  hardware  components  of  the  solution  and  describes  the  methodology  of  system  validation.  presents  the  results  obtained  regarding  system  functioning,  configuration  and  validation  in  commercial  farms.  in  ,  the  results  are  discussed,  and  new  utilities  of  the  solution  are  proposed.  conclusions  and  further  research  needs  are  presented  in  .  for  gathering,  transmitting,  and  processing  the  location  data  of  all  animals  in  a  herd,  a  costeffective  solution  has  been  developed.  the  system  is  based  on
__label__logisticstracking the  integration  of  two  devices:  gps  collars  connected  to  a  lpwa  network  sigfox,  labge,  france  and  lowcost  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  tags  connected  to  those  collars.  the  system  requires  some  animals  in  the  herd  being  fitted  with  gps  collars  and  the  rest  with  ble  tags.  the  collar/tag  ratio  defines  the  cost  per  animal  of  the  solution  for  tracking  the  location  of  the  entire  herd.  every  gps  collar  gathers  data  about  the  location  of  the  animal  fitted  with  such  a  device.  at  the  same  time,  collars  record  the  identification  of  the  ble  tags  situated  around  them,  enabling  the  user  to  know
__label__logisticstracking the  approximate  location  of  animals  equipped  with  ble  tags.  data  about  the  collar  location  and  identification  of  nearby  tags  are  transmitted  to  a  server  using  sigfox,  where  they  are  stored  and  analyzed.  the  gps  collar  has  the  following  hardware  elements:  a  longrange  iot  communications  module  based  on  sigfox  technology  that  allows  the  transmission  of  messages  between  the  collar  and  the  server;  a  shortrange  communications  module  based  on  ble  technology  that  enables  the  reading  of  the  advertisement  messages  coming  from  the  ble  tags  this  module  can  record  the  identification  of  the  ble  tag  and  the  received  power;  a  gps  unit  to
__label__logisticstracking gather  location  data;  a  microcontroller  with  the  lowlevel  firmware  running  on  it;  a  lithium  battery  pack;  and  an  ip67  enclosure.  ble  tags  consist  of  a  bluetooth  4.2  communications  module,  a  microcontroller,  a  coin  battery  and  an  ip67  enclosure.  the  module  is  configured  to  send  advertisement  messages  using  channels  37,  38,  and  39.  the  message  sent  by  each  ble  tag  consists  of  an  advertisement  that  includes  the  device  identification  and  a  code  referring  to  the  device  owner.  thus,  two  ble  tags  could  have  the  same  identification  code  if  their  owners  were  different.  the  transmission  of  the  information  gathered  by  the  solution
__label__logisticstracking to  the  cloud  platform  uses  a  mqtt  connectivity  protocol.  the  cloud  platform  is  based  on  fiware  components.  metadata  are  managed  with  orion  context  broker  through  ngsi  data  models  in  order  to  ensure  data  interoperability.  farmers  get  location  data  through  a  multiplatform  app  and  may  configure  some  alerts,  e.g.,  animal  outside  the  plot.  summarizes  the  main  elements  of  the  system  architecture.  architecture  diagram  of  the  proposed  solution.  two  commercial  farms  have  been  used  as  testbeds  to  validate  the  performance  of  the  proposed  solution  under  different  livestock  production  conditions.  both  testbeds  are  situated  in  andalusia,  spain.  andalusia  is  a  semiarid  mediterranean  region
__label__logisticstracking where  rain  is  scarce  and  irregularly  distributed  over  the  year.  average  temperature  is  18  c  and  annual  precipitation  ranges  400600  mm.  herbs  are  the  main  forage  resource,  basically  in  fall  and  spring  when  rainfall  occurs  .  moreover,  both  farms  are  located  in  dehesas,  which  are  defined  as  agrosilvopastoral  systems,  originated  from  the  clearing  of  holm  oak  and  cork  woodlands,  mostly  used  for  livestock  farming  .  the  first  farm  was  situated  in  northern  cordoba  38.49  n,  5.11  w.  the  validation  study  was  carried  out  with  a  merina  sheep  herd  composed  of  50  ewes.  from  july  to  october  2018,  for  100  consecutive
__label__logisticstracking days,  25  randomly  selected  ewes  were  fitted  with  gps  collars  and  another  25  with  ble  tags.  during  the  experiment,  ewes  grazed  freerange  across  70  hectares.  the  same  experimental  protocol  was  used  in  the  second  farm,  located  in  northern  huelva  37.96  n,  6.25  w,  with  a  negra  andaluza  beef  cattle  herd.  twentyfive  cows  were  fitted  with  gps  collars  and  another  25  with  ble  tags.  in  this  case,  beef  cows  grazed  freerange  on  300  hectares  from  november  2018  to  february  2019.  both  merina  and  negra  andaluza  are  autochthonous  breeds,  highly  adapted  to  the  production  conditions  of  dehesa  farms.  different  collar/tag  ratios,  from
__label__logisticstracking 1/25  to  25/25,  have  been  simulated  in  order  to  study  the  changes  in  the  following  key  performance  indicators  kpis  of  the  system:  average  number  of  ble  tag  messages  received  per  day,  average  number  of  ble  tags  detected  by  all  the  gps  collars  over  a  day,  average  time  between  two  consecutive  messages  from  the  same  ble  tag,  average  number  of  ble  tags  included  in  each  message  sent  by  gps  collars,  and  the  percentage  of  collar  messages  received  without  ble  tag  information.  the  average  values  of  kpis  over  the  experiment  have  been  calculated  for  each  collar/tag  ratio  by  randomly  selecting  the  correspondent
__label__logisticstracking number  of  collars.  the  random  selection  process  has  been  repeated  5000  times,  following  the  recommendations  of  .  both  average  and  standard  deviation  have  been  calculated  for  each  kpi.  the  same  procedure  has  been  used  to  study  the  evolution  of  kpis  over  the  experiment  and  within  an  average  day.  for  the  graphics  included  in  the  present  paper,  a  trend  line  was  calculated  and  drawn  to  make  charts  more  easily  understandable.  generalized  additive  models  were  used  with  a  basis  of  10  for  daily  charts  and  15  for  hourly  ones.  r  project  has  been  used  for  data  handling,  calculations,  and  graphics.  the  system
__label__logisticstracking functioning  can  be  described  as  follows:  1  the  gps  unit  is  in  an  idle  state  low  power  consumption  most  of  the  time;  2  the  gps  unit  is  activated  and  gathers  location  data  every  several  minutes  depending  on  the  configuration;  3  simultaneously,  the  ble  communications  module,  which  has  been  set  up  to  maximize  the  reading  range  75  m  depending  on  habitat  characteristics,  scans  the  surrounding  tags  during  several  seconds  depending  on  the  configuration;  4  the  collar  composes  the  information  coming  from  the  gps  unit  and  the  ble  module  to  be  sent  through  the  sigfox  communications  module;  and  5  the  messages  sent
__label__logisticstracking by  gps  collars  are  received  by  the  server  of  the  cloud  solution,  where  they  are  extracted  and  analyzed.  first,  the  encoded  data  from  the  collars  are  decoded  to  recompose  the  collar  location  data  and  the  identificationpower  pairs  of  the  tags.  once  this  information  has  been  extracted,  it  is  analyzed  and  stored  in  databases.  as  mentioned  in  ,  gps  collars  use  sigfox  technology  to  send  the  data  to  the  server.  sigfox  is  a  lpwa  network  operator  that  uses  binary  phaseshift  keying  bspk  modulation  in  an  ultranarrow  band  100  hz  and  unlicensed  ism  bands,  e.g.,  868  mhz  in  europe,  915  mhz  in
__label__logisticstracking north  america,  and  433  mhz  in  asia  .  the  use  of  sigfox  involves  two  challenges  for  the  proposed  solution.  the  first  one  is  that  the  maximum  size  of  each  message  is  12  bytes.  the  second  one  is  the  duty  cycle  of  the  transmission  technology.  in  the  case  of  the  ism  band  used  by  sigfox,  the  limitation  is  a  maximum  use  of  1  each  hour,  which  translates  into  a  maximum  number  of  messages  of  140  per  day  every  10  min.  furthermore,  the  maximum  number  of  messages  is  also  related  to  energy  consumption.  summarizes  the  communication  protocol  of  the  proposed  solution.  the
__label__logisticstracking diagram  shows  two  ble  tags,  a  gps  collar  and  the  cloud  solution.  the  ble  tags  located  in  the  animals  send  the  advertisement  messages  asynchronously  and  at  regular  intervals  of  several  seconds  t  .  the  gps  collars,  placed  in  other  animals,  are  normally  in  an  idle  state,  but  they  are  activated  asynchronously  at  regular  intervals  of  several  minutes  t  .  during  this  operating  window,  the  advertisement  messages  sent  by  the  ble  tags  are  received  by  the  collars.  to  ensure  the  reception  of  the  advertisement  messages,  the  operation  window  must  last  several  times  t  .  once  the  advertisement  messages  have  been  received
__label__logisticstracking by  the  ble  module  in  the  collar,  they  are  encoded  to  ensure  their  transmission  through  the  sigfox  network.  each  message  sent  by  the  collar  includes  gps  location  data  and  identifierpower  pairs  corresponding  to  the  ble  tags  that  have  been  detected.  given  the  limitation  in  the  size  of  sigfox  messages,  a  maximum  of  eight  identifierpower  pairs  of  ble  tags  can  be  sent  in  each  message.  communication  protocol  of  the  proposed  solution.  shows  the  detail  of  gps  and  ble  devices  and  two  examples  of  animals  fitted  with  them.  hardware  components  of  the  solution:  gps  device  detail;  ble  device  detail;  gps  collar  placed
__label__logisticstracking on  the  neck  of  a  cow;  and  ble  tag  placed  on  the  ear  of  a  calf.  power  consumption  is  a  key  feature  of  the  proposed  system,  as  it  is  designed  to  be  used  mostly  on  commercial  farms,  where  animal  tracking  systems  need  to  provide  location  data  for  a  long  time.  regarding  the  ble  tags,  there  is  a  tradeoff  between  power  consumption  and  network  performance.  when  the  ble  tags  broadcast  advertisement  messages  with  high  power,  the  coverage  is  wider,  but  the  operational  life  is  shorter.  the  same  happens  with  the  interval  between  messages  and  with  the  number  of  repetitions  per  message.
__label__logisticstracking the  power  consumption  of  ble  tags  in  an  idle  state  is  2.0  a,  being  7.5  ma  during  transmission  state,  which  have  been  configured  to  maximize  coverage.  considering  the  battery  size  that  can  be  used  in  the  ear  tag  and  the  need  for  a  long  operational  life,  the  ble  tags  have  been  configured  with  a  message  interval  of  one  second.  this  configuration  provides  an  average  operational  life  of  280  days  unpublished  data.  as  stated,  the  gps  collars  have  two  operating  modes,  corresponding  to  an  idle  state  and  an  active  state.  during  the  idle  state,  power  consumption  is  less  than  20  a.
__label__logisticstracking the  power  consumption  during  the  active  state  is  due  to  different  components.  the  gps  unit  uses  a  hotstart  mechanism  to  optimize  the  consumption,  which  exceeds  30  ma  during  satellite  search.  on  the  other  hand,  in  order  to  send  sigfox  messages  to  the  server,  the  system  needs  30  ma.  finally,  for  receiving  advertisement  messages  from  the  ble  tags,  the  ble  module  have  a  consumption  of  15  ma.  considering  all  these  elements,  the  collars  have  been  configured  to  have  a  temporal  resolution  of  30  min.  the  battery  life  with  this  configuration  exceeds  365  days  unpublished  data.  during  the  experiment,  a  total  of
__label__logisticstracking 70,275  collar  messages  were  gathered  from  the  sheep  farm,  as  well  as  78,791  collar  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm.  this  means  28.29  messages  per  collar  per  day  in  the  sheep  farm  and  31.52  messages  per  collar  per  day  in  the  beef  cattle  farm  over  a  total  of  48  attempts.  as  explained  before,  each  of  these  messages  contains  data  about  the  location  of  the  collar  and  the  identification  of  the  tags  close  to  it.  altogether,  208,337  tag  messages  83.33  reads  per  tag  per  day  were  gathered  from  the  sheep  farm  and  93,645  tag  messages  37.46  reads  per  tag  per  day
__label__logisticstracking from  the  beef  cattle  farm.  the  kpis  of  the  system,  defined  in  ,  are  shown  in  as  a  function  of  the  collar/tag  ratio  in  the  herd.  performance  of  ble  tag  messages  reception  depending  on  the  number  of  gps  collars.  in  order  to  choose  a  collar/tag  ratio,  different  criteria  can  be  considered,  e.g.,  the  number  of  collars  needed  to  track  the  location  of  all  tags  at  least  once  every  day,  or  the  number  of  collars  that  is  necessary  to  read  tags  with  a  temporal  resolution  equivalent  to  that  of  gps  data.  for  both  herds,  the  number  of  tags  read  at  least
__label__logisticstracking once  every  day  increased  when  the  collar/tag  ratio  was  higher.  in  the  sheep  farm,  10  gps  collars  were  enough  to  detect  all  the  25  tags  on  a  daily  basis.  for  cows,  25  collars  were  needed  to  reach  this  figure.  regarding  the  average  time  between  consecutive  readings  of  the  same  ble  tag  by  any  gps  collar,  this  value  decreased  rapidly  as  the  number  of  collars  increased.  in  the  sheep  farm,  15  collars  gave  an  average  time  between  tag  readings  of  30  min,  which  is  equivalent  to  the  potential  temporal  resolution  of  the  messages  from  gps  collars.  as  28.29  messages  per  collar
__label__logisticstracking per  day  where  gathered  in  the  sheep  farm,  the  real  average  temporal  resolution  was  50.90  min.  in  the  beef  cattle  farm,  the  minimum  average  time  between  tag  readings  was  obtained  with  25  collars.  this  value  41  min  was  very  similar  to  the  real  average  temporal  resolution  of  gps  collars  in  this  farm  45.69  min.  the  average  number  of  ble  tags  included  in  each  collar  message  every  day  is  independent  of  the  collar/tag  ratio,  both  for  sheep  and  beef  cattle.  nevertheless,  this  value  is  higher  for  sheep,  meaning  that  an  ewe  has  more  chances  to  have  other  animals  at  a  relatively
__label__logisticstracking short  distance  than  a  cow.  on  the  other  hand,  the  proportion  of  collar  messages  without  ble  tag  readings  did  not  change  significantly  for  the  different  collar/tag  ratios  p  0.05.  this  indicator  is  lower  for  sheep,  which  can  be  interpreted  as  ewes  being  less  likely  to  be  separated  from  the  rest  of  the  herd  than  cows.  since  the  sampling  scheme  of  the  simulation  process  was  done  without  replacement,  the  values  for  the  case  of  25  gps  collars  correspond  to  the  population  mean  and,  therefore,  the  resulting  standard  deviation  is  zero.  the  charts  included  in  represent  the  evolution  of  the  number  of
__label__logisticstracking messages  coming  from  the  gps  collars  and  the  ble  tags  over  the  100day  duration  of  the  experiment  for  different  collar/tag  ratios.  they  have  been  generated  through  the  random  iterative  process  explained  in  .  evolution  of  the  number  of  messages  received  daily  from  gps  collars  orange  lines  and  ble  tags  blue  lines  over  the  experiment:  messages  from  the  sheep  farm  with  five  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  five  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  sheep  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags;
__label__logisticstracking messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  25  collars  and  25  tags;  and  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags.  a  large  variation  in  the  number  of  messages  from  gps  collars  received  per  day  during  the  duration  of  the  experiment  was  observed  in  both  farms.  in  the  sheep  farm,  this  indicator  was  23.2  messages  per  day  before  september  1st  and  almost  34.2  messages  per  day  after  that  date.  in  the  beef  cattle  farm,  the  average  number  of  messages  per  day  was  35.2  for  the  whole  period,  except  for  late  november  and  early  december,  when  it
__label__logisticstracking was  20.0.  the  potential  number  of  daily  messages  was  48,  as  gps  was  activated  every  30  min.  animals  moved  freely  around  the  available  grazing  area,  and  the  gps  fixsuccess  rate  proportion  of  scheduled  attempts  that  resulted  in  a  successful  location  acquisition  as  well  as  the  sigfox  fixsuccess  rate  proportion  of  scheduled  messages  sent  by  the  sigfox  network,  were  potentially  different  in  every  square  meter  of  the  farms.  in  this  case,  most  of  the  missing  messages  were  due  to  the  lack  of  sigfox  coverage,  as  the  gps  fixsuccess  rate  was  99.88  in  the  sheep  farm  and  97.59  in  the  beef  cattle
__label__logisticstracking farm.  the  average  number  of  daily  messages  received  from  collars  remain  the  same  despite  the  number  of  collars,  which  is  due  to  the  homogeneity  of  messagesending  rates  among  devices.  nonetheless,  the  total  number  of  messages  from  the  ble  tags  increased  as  the  number  of  animals  fitted  with  collars  was  higher,  although  the  average  number  of  tag  messages  per  collar  was  the  same  if  the  entire  experiment  is  considered.  the  evolution  over  the  experiment  of  the  number  of  tag  messages  per  collar  and  the  percentage  of  collar  messages  with  and  without  tag  information  is  shown  in  .  evolution  of  the  number
__label__logisticstracking of  tag  messages  per  gps  collar  and  the  percentage  of  collar  messages  with  blue  line  and  without  orange  line  over  the  experiment  25  collars  and  25  tags:  ,  sheep  farm;  and  ,  beef  cattle  farm.  the  number  of  tag  messages  per  collar  was  constant  in  the  beef  cattle  farm,  but  a  decrease  in  this  indicator  was  observed  in  the  sheep  farm.  this  effect  was  due  to  the  displacement  of  the  sheep  herd  to  a  different  area  of  the  farm,  where  they  grazed  in  a  more  dispersed  pattern.  shows  the  evolution  of  the  number  of  collar  and  tag  messages  within  a
__label__logisticstracking day.  evolution  of  the  number  of  messages  received  hourly  from  gps  collars  orange  lines  and  ble  tags  blue  lines  over  the  day:  messages  from  the  sheep  farm  with  five  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  five  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  sheep  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags;  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  25  collars  and  25  tags;  and  messages  from  the  beef  cattle  farm  with  15  collars  and  25  tags.  as  mentioned  before,  the  number  of  tag
__label__logisticstracking messages  was  directly  related  to  the  number  of  collars.  in  the  sheep  farm,  the  number  of  tag  messages  was  similar  to  the  number  of  collar  messages  with  five  collars.  in  the  case  of  beef  cattle,  a  greater  number  of  collars  was  needed  for  that.  a  large  difference  between  the  number  of  tag  messages  received  during  daylight  and  at  night  was  observed  in  the  sheep  farm.  at  night,  ewes  were  closer  to  each  other,  and  the  number  of  tag  messages  included  in  each  collar  message  was  higher.  therefore,  the  differences  between  day  and  night  increased  when  the  number  of  collars  was
__label__logisticstracking higher.  in  the  beef  cattle  farm,  the  number  of  messages  was  quite  stable  over  the  day.  a  peak  was  observed  in  the  morning,  when  cows  left  their  rest  areas  and  met  each  other  at  the  feeding  and  watering  areas.  represents  the  evolution  of  the  proportion  of  collar  messages  with  and  without  tag  data  over  the  day:  hourly  evolution  of  the  percentage  of  collar  messages  with  green  and  without  grey  tag  data  25  collars  and  25  tags:  sheep  farm;  and  beef  cattle  farm.  in  the  sheep  farm,  not  only  the  number  of  tags  included  in  each  collar  message  was  higher  during
__label__logisticstracking the  night,  but  also  the  proportion  of  collar  messages  without  tag  data  was  lower.  few  differences  over  the  day  were  observed  in  the  case  of  the  beef  cattle  farm.  the  system  described  in  the  present  paper  has  been  designed  to  be  a  lowcost  and  practical  solution  for  commercial  farms.  the  cost  of  the  gps  collar,  which  is  in  the  range  of  100150  per  device,  is  lower  than  that  of  similar  solutions  ,  ,  and  the  cost  of  the  ble  tag  is  at  least  ten  times  lower  than  the  cost  of  the  collar.  thus,  depending  on  the  collar/tag  ratio,  the  cost
__label__logisticstracking per  animal  can  be  very  low  compared  to  existing  solutions.  for  example,  in  the  case  of  10  collars  every  25  tags,  which  was  found  to  be  an  adequate  ratio  to  have  daily  data  of  all  sheep  in  the  herd,  the  cost  per  animal  is  3654  .  this  figure  translates  into  1821  per  sheep  per  year  considering  a  device  lifespan  of  five  years,  service  cost  included  battery  change  and  connectivity.  on  the  other  hand,  the  weight  of  the  gpsbased  system  265  g  can  be  considered  low  for  more  than  365  days  of  operational  life,  which  is  longer  than  that  of  other
__label__logisticstracking lowcost  system  described  in  scientific  literature  ,  .  in  a  lighter  gps  device  to  be  placed  on  an  ear  tag  is  described,  but  it  has  an  operational  life  of  a  few  weeks.  in  the  case  of  ble  tags,  total  weight  is  only  25  g  for  an  average  operational  life  of  280  days.  another  important  feature  for  commercial  applications  is  device  robustness.  the  collars  were  all  retrieved  with  no  damage  and  could  be  redeployed  in  other  farms.  in  this  regard,  several  existing  solutions  place  the  gps  antenna  on  the  top  of  the  collar  ,  or  into  a  shouldermounted  harness  ,  because
__label__logisticstracking an  antenna  is  most  accurate  and  most  efficient  when  it  is  pointed  towards  the  sky  with  nothing  obscuring  its  view  .  this  was  considered  inadequate  for  the  present  solution  in  terms  of  robustness  and  manufacturing  cost.  as  ble  tags  do  not  provide  gps  coordinates,  the  accuracy  of  location  data  gathered  from  tags  is  lower  than  that  of  collars.  information  about  the  power  of  the  advertisement  message  is  used  to  compute  a  radius  around  the  collar  position  inside  which  the  tag  is  located.  it  can  be  sufficient  for  most  applications  in  commercial  farms  and  even  for  some  research  studies.  the  gps/sigfox
__label__logisticstracking devices  used  in  this  work  recorded  a  location  fix  for  60  sheep  farm  and  66  beef  cattle  farm  of  all  attempts.  these  results  are  in  the  range  of  those  reported  by  on  wild  otters  using  a  lowcost  gps/gprs  telemetry  system,  or  by  on  bison  and  caribou.  using  a  storeonboard  gps  collar,  reported  a  gps  fixsuccess  rate  of  99,  but  the  terrain  was  flat  and  there  was  no  dense  tree  canopy.  several  authors  have  reported  that  habitat  characteristics,  such  as  topography  and  tree  canopy,  may  significantly  reduce  location  acquisition  ,  .  nonetheless,  gps  error  is  a  systematic  error,  which  can  be
__label__logisticstracking computed  with  many  methods  or  mitigated  by  some  augmented  methods,  such  as  ground  enhancement  signal  networks  or  satellite  enhancement  networks  .  in  this  experiment,  although  dehesas  can  have  a  dense  tree  canopy,  most  missing  location  fixes  were  not  due  to  gps  failures,  but  to  the  lack  of  sigfox  coverage.  despite  this,  it  is  important  to  highlight  that  signal  penetration  is  better  for  sigfox  than  gsm  .  on  the  other  hand,  regardless  of  the  differences  in  sigfox  coverage  between  farms,  a  tendency  has  been  observed  for  cow  collars  to  gather  more  location  fixes  than  sheep  collars  unpublished  data.  it  is  probably
__label__logisticstracking due  to  the  higher  position  of  the  gps  antenna  when  placed  on  the  neck  of  a  cow.  some  authors  have  previously  used  shortrange  communications  for  tracking  animals.  most  of  the  reviewed  solutions  used  passive  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  tags  together  with  antennas  placed  in  strategic  points  of  the  building  where  the  animals  are  housed.  different  solutions  have  been  developed  and  tested,  e.g.,  for  laboratory  animals  or  for  zoos  .  the  major  problem  of  rfidbased  systems  is  that  reading  distance  is  less  than  a  couple  of  meters,  which  limits  its  use  to  intensive  environments.  a  solution  based  on  active  rfid  has
__label__logisticstracking been  tested  to  track  the  movements  of  wild  animals  rats  ,  but  its  need  for  a  network  of  data  loggers  distributed  throughout  the  area  to  be  monitored  is  a  major  drawback  for  commercial  applications.  bluetooth  has  also  been  tested  for  cattle  tracking  .  again,  the  solution  described  by  these  researchers  is  not  practical  for  extensive  production  systems,  since  a  large  number  of  bluetooth  readers  would  be  needed.  the  use  of  animals  fitted  with  collars  as  network  nodes  to  build  mobile  ad  hoc  networks  is  not  new  .  the  zebranet  project  was  an  early  application  of  opportunistic  sensor  networks  for  wildlife
__label__logisticstracking monitoring.  wild  zebras  were  fitted  with  special  gps  collars,  which  sent  all  its  data  to  encountered  neighbors  until  their  own  data  eventually  reached  the  base  station.  in  the  case  of  the  zebranet  project,  the  base  station  consisted  of  a  mobile  vehicle  for  the  researchers,  which  periodically  moved  around  in  the  savanna  and  collected  the  data  from  the  zebras  encountered.  this  solution  is  quite  sophisticated  but  has  two  major  drawbacks  for  commercial  farm  applications.  first,  the  cost  is  high,  as  each  animal  needs  to  be  fitted  with  a  gps  collar.  second,  data  update  needs  the  vehicle  to  be  moved  around.  the
__label__logisticstracking integration  of  lpwa  networks  lora  and  opportunistic  networks  bluetooth  has  been  recently  proposed  by  to  overcome  the  second  problem.  the  solution  is  similar  to  that  described  in  the  present  paper,  although  these  researchers  did  not  test  nor  validated  the  system  in  realworld  conditions.  the  performance  of  tag  message  reception  is  highly  affected  by  the  type  of  animal  due  to  the  differential  behavior  of  sheep  and  cattle.  the  gregarious  nature  of  sheep,  exhibiting  close  spatial  contact  within  the  flock,  has  been  extensively  described  in  the  scientific  literature  .  beef  cows  are  also  gregarious  animals,  but  the  distance  among  animals  on  the
__label__logisticstracking pasture  is  normally  larger  than  in  the  case  of  sheep.  using  gps  collars,  found  that  sheep  on  the  same  pasture  spent  75  of  daytime  within  51  m  from  each  other,  while  cattle  were  within  111  m.  these  results  are  coherent  with  the  findings  of  the  present  paper,  as  sheep  would  be  placed  inside  the  theoretical  reading  range  most  of  the  time,  but  not  cows.  consequently,  more  tag  messages  would  be  captured  per  collar  in  a  flock  of  sheep  than  in  a  cattle  herd,  as  observed.  however,  the  distance  among  animals  on  the  grazing  area  does  not  only  depend  on  the
__label__logisticstracking type  of  animal.  other  factors,  such  as  the  habitat  characteristics,  the  grass  availability,  the  season  or  the  time  of  the  day,  can  affect  animal  behavior  and,  subsequently,  the  performance  of  the  proposed  solution.  some  authors  even  found  behavioral  differences  in  the  average  distance  among  sheep  in  a  herd  during  the  day  and  at  night  depending  on  the  breed  .  thus,  there  are  many  factors  to  be  considered  in  order  to  choose  an  optimal  collar/tag  ratio,  which  defines  the  cost  per  animal  of  the  tracking  solution.  however,  the  most  important  criterion  to  make  that  decision  is  the  use  of  location  data.
__label__logisticstracking there  are  several  utilities  that  would  require  only  a  location  fix  per  animal  per  day,  or  even  every  few  days,  e.g.,  theft  or  death  detection.  this  data  can  be  obtained  with  a  very  low  collar/tag  ratio,  especially  in  a  sheep  herd.  farmer  management  can  also  be  useful  to  reduce  collar/tag  ratio.  for  instance,  if  animals  are  housed  at  night,  a  few  collars  could  gather  messages  from  lots  of  ble  tags.  it  is  important  to  note  that,  according  to  the  results  of  this  work,  the  marginal  cost  of  reading  one  more  tag,  in  terms  of  additional  collars,  is  high.  this  is
__label__logisticstracking probably  because  of  the  limited  number  of  ble  tags  used  in  the  experiment.  it  could  happen  that  these  figures  were  much  lower  in  a  more  realistic  scenario  of  dozens  of  collars  together  with  hundreds  of  tags,  considering  that  a  single  collar  has  been  able  to  read  64  of  the  tags  in  the  sheep  herd  and  36  of  the  tags  in  the  beef  cattle  herd.  potentially,  the  proposed  solution  could  be  used  beyond  location  monitoring.  as  it  is  based  on  animal  proximity  to  each  other,  data  gathered  by  the  system  could  be  used  to  study  animal  affiliations  within  a  herd  .
__label__logisticstracking this  information  can  be  valuable  to  optimize  the  collar/tag  ratio,  e.g.,  by  identifying  group  leaders  and  fitting  them  with  the  gps  collars.  on  the  other  hand,  changes  in  the  social  structure  can  be  indicators  of  heat  ,  calving  and  other  reproductive  and  health  events  of  interest  for  farmers.  the  solution  presented  in  this  paper,  based  on  the  integration  of  lpwa  sigfox  and  shortrange  ble  sensor  networks,  has  been  demonstrated  to  be  effective  in  monitoring  the  location  of  each  animal  in  a  herd  at  a  much  lower  cost  than  existing  solutions.  the  collar/tag  ratio,  which  defines  the  cost  per  animal  of
__label__logisticstracking the  solution,  should  be  adapted  to  each  case,  mostly  depending  on  the  utilities  associated  to  animal  location  data.  further  research  is  needed  to  develop  new  utilities  for  the  data  gathered  by  the  proposed  solution.  the  authors  thank  the  farmers  participating  in  system  validation.  they  would  also  like  to  thank  the  academic  editors  and  the  anonymous  reviewers  for  their  valuable  comments.  conceptualization:  f.m.m.,  i.g.m.  and  j.e.g.g.;  methodology:  f.m.m.,  i.g.m.,  a.g.v.  and  d.c.p.m.;  hardware  and  firmware:  j.n.g.,  k.p.a.  and  i.g.m.;  data  analysis:  j.n.g.  and  k.p.a.;  writingoriginal  draft:  f.m.m.,  j.n.g.  and  i.g.m.;  writingreview  and  editing:  j.e.g.g.,  a.g.v.  and  d.c.p.m.  this  work  was  supported
__label__logisticstracking by  the  european  unions  h2020  research  and  innovation  program,  through  the  iof2020  project  h2020iot2016  under  subgrant  agreement  no.  2282300206uc010.  the  work  of  j.n.g.  was  supported  by  madrid  autonomous  community  through  the  grant  ind2018/tic9665.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__logisticstracking globally,  there  is  a  between  the  supply  and  demand  for  livestock  products  as  consumption  increases  particularly  in  developing  regions  while  productivity  levels  are  dwindling.  in  order  to  address  this  disparity,  ranchers  all  over  the  world  have  chosen  to  integrate  cattle  tracking  and  management  systems  into  their  operations.  these  do  not  only  guide  them  in  ensuring  that  they  are  able  to  tackle  the  growing  global  demand  but  also  guarantee  livestock  productivity  and  security  as  herd  sizes  increase.  iot  is  one  of  the  main  players  in  enhancing  ranch  efficiency  and  productivity  through  reducing  manual  work  and  providing  devices  and  platforms  for  better
__label__logisticstracking farm  management.  in  new  mexico,  the  dairy  and  beef  industry  make  up  the  highest  foodrelated  cash  receipts.  but  livestock  businesses  can  face  a  lot  of  risks  especially  when  it  comes  to  tracking  the  overall  state  of  cattle.  for  this  reason,  ranch  owners  recognize  the  need  to  implement  effective  monitoring  of  their  herd  and  protect  them  from  unanticipated  events,  such  as  theft,  sickness,  and  malnutrition.  the  explosion  of  innovation  across  tech  industries  presents  endless  opportunities  for  sectors,  like  the  cattle  industry,  to  address  their  problems.  one  solution  that  people  in  this  field  turn  to  is  using  connected  devices.  in  this  article,
__label__logisticstracking well  take  a  closer  look  at  how  new  mexico  state  university  nmsu  and  usda  ars  jornada  experimental  range  usda  ars  jer  are  helping  ranchers  solve  and  prevent  problems  in  cattle  tracking  using  abeeways  iot  tracking  devices  and  .  ensuring  close  cattle  tracking  is  a  challenge  for  most  ranchers  as  a  sizeable  amount  of  cows  roam  in  vast  areas,  especially  when  the  feeding  style  is  free  range.  in  southwestern  america,  ranches  house  up  to  7,000  cows  and  span  for  about  10,000  to  20,000  hectares.  some  of  them  even  cover  up  to  90,000  hectares  of  land.  for  this  reason,  it  is  quite
__label__logisticstracking difficult  to  not  only  pinpoint  the  location  of  their  cattle,  but  also  knowing  the  state  of  their  health  and  water  supply.  the  distance  is  so  wide  that  sometimes  cars  cannot  access  them  which  is  why  ranchers  resort  to  riding  horses  to  check  on  the  cattle.  at  the  same  time,  they  must  spend  a  lot  of  time  doing  so  because  it  can  take  them  half  a  day  searching  for  the  herd  in  wide  areas.  additionally,  they  need  to  regularly  check  the  drinking  water  levels  in  the  dedicated  water  tanks  for  the  cows  since  a  huge  part  of  southwestern  ranches  are  deserts.
__label__logisticstracking this  prevents  them  from  dehydration  leading  to  health  complications.  moreover,  they  also  have  to  monitor  rainfall  levels  in  order  to  monitor  grass  growth  in  ranch  areas.  with  these  challenges  in  mind,  new  mexico  state  university  and  usda  ars  jornada  experimental  range  decided  to  create  a  smart  ranch  system  to  address  the  issues.  specifically,  they  are  searching  for  a  complete  offtheshelf  solution  especially  built  for  ranchers,  which  includes  lorawanbased  cattle  tracking,  water  level  sensors  with  automated  water  stations,  temperature  sensors,  gateways  and  network  management,  a  dashboard,  and  betatest  funding.  on  top  of  this,  they  intend  to  implement  data  analytics  for  them
__label__logisticstracking to  analyze  cattle  behaviour  and  ranch  space  usage.  they  will  also  use  the  data  they  will  gather  for  their  research  in  understanding  animal  behaviour  and  the  usage  of  ranch  land.  case  in  point,  they  want  to  provide  ranchers  the  accessibility  to  a  completepackaged  solution  to  manage  their  ranches  and  reap  the  benefits.  nmsu  and  usda  ars  jer  primarily  piloted  a  research  and  development  project  for  cattle  monitoring  on  a  ranch  that  they  own.  they  have  been  using  classic  gps  devices  to  monitor  the  herd  for  15  years  for  research  purposes.  the  problem  that  they  faced  was  their  inability  to  see
__label__logisticstracking the  location  of  the  animals  in  realtime  caused  by  a  lack  of  cellular  range.  nevertheless,  these  trackers  stored  movement  data  which  they  manually  checked  after  some  time.  since  they  were  not  satisfied  with  this  solution,  especially  with  the  workaround  that  they  had  to  do,  they  experimented  with  different  devices  and  packages.  they  needed  a  tool  that  exhibited  a  battery  life  of  at  least  6  or  7  months,  ideally  a  year,  and  offered  excellent  location  precision  at  1  to  5  meters.  this  system  that  they  are  trying  to  put  in  place  now  is  not  just  for  research  but  for  ranch  management
__label__logisticstracking purposes  as  well.  from  what  started  as  a  research  and  development  project  for  cattle  tracking  and  monitoring,  nmsu  and  usda  ars  jer  decided  to  test  the  on  a  ranch  that  belongs  to  them.  just  recently,  they  eventually  received  a  government  grant  that  will  enable  them  to  implement  the  system  in  commercial  ranches  in  the  next  5  years.  due  to  its  longrange,  wide  area  nature,  was  the  obvious  connectivity  choice  for  this  project.  nmsu  and  usda  ars  jer  determined  abeeway  as  the  most  suitable  solution  out  of  the  devices  and  packages  that  they  have  tried  because  it  did  not  just  provide
__label__logisticstracking trackers  and  the  capabilities  that  they  were  looking  for.  it  also  supplied  the  lorawan  coverage  that  they  needed.  also,  because  the  coasts  are  where  most  lora  public  capabilities  are  in  the  us,  there  was  a  need  for  private  network  deployments  in  the  midwest  ranches.  among  all  the  solutions  that  they  tried,  abeeway,  coupled  with  actilitys  gateway  and  thingpark  platform,  offered  the  most  competitive  price.  using  the  abeeway  geolocation  solution  with  actility  lorawan  connectivity  delivered  several  benefits  for  new  mexico  state  university  and  usda  ars  jornada  experimental  range.  first,  they  can  now  perform  realtime  cattle  tracking,  which  means  time  saved  from
__label__logisticstracking having  to  manually  track  and  monitor  the  animals.  there  is  also  high  gps  location  precision,  which  allowed  them  to  better  support  and  facilitate  remote  ranch  operations.  additionally,  ranchers  can  better  protect  the  overall  wellbeing  of  their  cattle  with  effective  water  level  monitoring.  abeeways  geofencing  feature  will  also  help  reduce  the  risk  of  theft  or  losing  the  animals  as  it  shows  them  when  cows  are  going  in  or  out  a  specific  area.  finally,  the  solutions  ability  to  store  and  transmit  information,  such  as  temperature  and  accelerometer  data,  provides  them  with  valuable  resources  that  they  need  for  their  research.  operating  desert  ranches
__label__logisticstracking can  be  quite  challenging  given  the  climate  and  the  wide  distance  that  it  covers.  this  is  why  it  is  essential  for  cattle  ranchers  to  take  advantage  of  available  technologies  to  help  them  in  their  operations  and  avoid  missed  steaks.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  do  it  is  and  that  is  exactly  what  new  mexico  state  university  and  usda  ars  jornada  experimental  range  did.  their  move  to  adopt  lorawan  cattle  tracking  in  largescale  livestock  farming  will  not  only  improve  efficiencies  in  daytoday  tasks.  but,  they  will  also  be  able  to  secure  the  welfare  of  their  animals,  reducing  health  risks  and
__label__logisticstracking avoiding  cattle  loss  and  theft.  using  sensors,  combined  with  lorawan  technology,  can  open  a  wide  range  of  possibilities  not  only  for  ranches  but  also  for  other  agricultural  sectors.  through  connected  cows  and  ranches,  challenges  are  not  as  difficult  to  surpass  even  in  the  scorching  desert  heat.  like  what  you  read?  share  this  article  on  social  media:  wed  love  to  hear  your  thoughts.  share  your  insights  in  the  comments  section  below.  required  fields  are  marked
__label__logisticstracking no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__logisticstracking products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  top  four  uses  of  livestock  monitoring  using  iot  theres  an  increasing  global  concern  for  the  expansion  of  agriculture  production  to  produce  enough  food  for
__label__logisticstracking the  world  population.  thus,  the  importance  of  livestock  management  in  agriculture  holds  utmost  value  for  livelihood.  but,  with  the  evergrowing  concern  about  land  and  water  resources,  farmers  struggle  to  manage  their  crops  and  livestock.  apart  from  this,  reducing  waste  and  cutting  overall  costs  remains  a  priority  for  farmers.  the  new  advancements  in  technology  plays  a  crucial  role  in  helping  to  improve  the  quality  and  quantity  of  agriculture  production.  this  is  when  the  internet  of  things  iot  comes  into  the  picture.  it  brings  possibilities  for  farmers  to  optimize  their  livestock  health  using  remote  monitoring  and  datadriven  decision  making.  here  are  some
__label__logisticstracking interesting  use  cases  of  .  it  is  crucial  to  monitor  the  health  levels  of  livestock  to  prevent  illness  and  diagnose  diseases  earlier.  iot  solutions  use  wearables  such  as  electronic  bands  with  the  capability  to  stream  data  to  the  cloud.  these  wearables  are  mounted  on  the  animal  while  the  builtin  sensors  in  them  help  to  capture  data  and  notify  farmers  about  several  factors  that  directly  have  an  impact  on  livestock  health.  observing  an  animals  reproductive  cycle  traditionally  is  tedious,  but  with  the  help  of  iotbased  monitoring,  it  can  be  made  easier.  for  instance,  a  connected  iot  device  can  help  to  monitor
__label__logisticstracking and  measure  a  cow  when  it  goes  into  heat,  as  cows  can  be  in  heat  for  around  eight  hours.  not  just  that,  but  the  same  device  can  also  notify  the  farmer  when  the  cow  goes  into  labor  thus  making  the  calving  process  safer.  iotenabled  monitoring  completely  removes  the  need  of  supervising  cows  manually  for  the  calving  process  and  promotes  safer  and  successful  births.  it  is  common  for  livestock  to  separate  themselves  from  the  herd,  specifically  when  they  are  ill  or  in  heat.  often,  farmers  face  a  tough  time  locating  these  separated  livestock.  with  the  help  of  iot  wearables,  this  hassle
__label__logisticstracking is  eliminated,  and  livestock  can  be  found  in  no  time.  iot  devices  track  the  movement  pattern  of  animals,  locate  them  and  help  to  optimize  their  grazing  patterns.  moreover,  the  sensors  integrated  into  the  iot  device  can  notify  the  farmer  when  cattles  behavior  appears  to  be  changing.  monitoring  behavior  of  herds  is  one  of  the  most  crucial  tasks  for  farmers.  with  the  use  of  iot  devices,  it  is  easy  to  correlate  cattle  movement  with  specific  behaviors  such  as  pasturing  or  lying  down  to  chew  cud.  by  monitoring  cattle  behavior,  a  farmer  can  easily  identify  if  the  cow  needs  to  be  milked
__label__logisticstracking at  that  time.  not  just  that,  iot  devices  can  also  help  to  measure  the  milking  amount  and  speed.  similarly,  they  can  also  track  the  amount  of  food  a  cow  consumed  and  the  number  of  steps  it  walked  in  a  day.  the  sensors  embedded  within  wearables  that  can  be  tied  around  the  cows  neck,  help  farmers  to  personally  supervise  the  session  based  on  the  needs.  all  the  data  gathered  from  the  cows  activity  allows  a  farmer  to  help  cows  improve  their  diet  and  increase  lactation.  iot  along  with  rich  datadriven  insights  can  help  farmers  to  improve  the  way  they  monitor  their
__label__logisticstracking search  senior  writer,  while  the  public  image  of  agriculture  remains  a  bit  antiquated,  the  industry  is  actually  an  increasingly  sophisticated  one,  and  farmers  have  been  particularly  enthusiastic  in  their  embrace  of  the  internet  of  things  .  everything  from  gpsguided  precision  for  planting,  watering  and  harvesting  to  remote  soil  monitoring  and  indepth  yield  analysis  is  available  to  the  modern  farmer.  whats  more,  the  technology  used  in  agriculture  continues  to  evolve  at  speed;  witness  the  recent  partnership  between  quantified  ag,  a  university  of  nebraskabacked  program  that,  among  other  things,  can  track  livestock  health  via  a  system  of  iot  ear  tags,  and  cradlepoint,
__label__logisticstracking a  vendor  that  makes  the  netcloud  manager  product.  quantified  ags  tags  use  tech  to  transmit  behavioral  and  biometric  data  to  custom  gateways  installed  at  a  farm,  where  the  data  is  aggregated.  yet  those  gateways  sometimes  suffered  from  problems,  particularly  where  unreliable  wired  connectivity  and  the  complexities  of  working  with  an  array  of  different  rural  isps  were  concerned.  enter  cradlepoint,  which  partnered  up  with  an  unnamed  national  cellular  data  provider  to  dramatically  simplify  the  synchronization  of  data  across  a  given  implementation,  as  well  as  make  it  easier  to  deploy  and  provision  new  nodes.  combine  the  agility  and  economics  of  hpe  storage
__label__logisticstracking with  hpe  greenlake  and  run  your  it  department  with  efficiency.  simplicity  is  always  a  desirable  quality  in  an  iot  deployment,  and  singlepaneofglass  systems,  provisioned  by  a  single  network,  are  a  strong  play  for  numerous  iot  use  cases.  even  after  the  livestock  is  no  longer,  well,  alive,  iot  technology  plays  a  role.  restaurants  such  as  five  guys  and  shake  shack  are  integrating  lowpower  wan  technology  to  connect  temperature  sensors  into  a  network.  sort  of  an  internet  of  burgers,  if  you  will.  according  to  an  announcement  earlier  this  month  from  semtech,  who  makes  the  lorawan  devices  in  question,  the  restaurant  chains  join
__label__logisticstracking upandcomers  like  hattie  bs  among  those  using  iot  tech  to  improve  food  safety.  the  latter  restaurant  a  nashvillebased  small  chain  noted  for  its  spicy  fried  chicken  recently  realized  the  benefits  of  such  a  system  after  a  power  outage.  instant  notification  that  the  refrigeration  had  died  enabled  the  management  to  rescue  tens  of  thousands  of  dollars  worth  of  food  inventory.  frankly,  anything  that  saves  fried  chicken  and  burgers  from  wastage  and  potentially,  keeps  their  prices  fractionally  lower  is  a  good  thing  in  our  book,  and  semtech  argues  as  it  might  be  expected  to  that  the  lowerfrequency  lorabased  technology  is  a  better
__label__logisticstracking choice  for  this  application,  given  its  ability  to  pass  through  obstacles  like  refrigerator  and  freezer  doors  with  less  attenuation  than,  for  example,  bluetooth.  readers  who  live  in  urban  areas  will  probably  have  noticed  the  rentabike  phenomenon  spreading  quickly  of  late.  iot  connectivity  provider  sigfox  has,  also,  getting  in  on  the  action  via  a  partnership  with  francebased  indigo  weel,  a  selfservice  bicycle  fleet  that  was  announced  earlier  this  month.  in  this  application,  sigfoxs  proprietary  wide  area  network  technology  is  used  to  precisely  track  indigos  bikes,  deterring  theft  and  damage.  sigfox  also  claims  that  the  integration  of  its  technology  into  the  bike
__label__logisticstracking fleet  will  reduce  costs,  since  reusable  sensors  can  be  easily  transferred  from  one  bike  to  another,  and  help  users  find  the  vehicle  they  need  more  quickly.  sigfox  likes  to  talk  about  itself  as  an  iot  service  provider,  and  its  large  coverage  footprint  the  company  claims  to  be  operating  in  60  countries  is  a  good  fit  for  the  kind  of  application  that  covers  a  lot  of  ground  and  might  not  require  a  great  deal  of  bandwidth.  per  usual,  several  minor  but  alarming  revelations  about  insecure,  exploitable  iot  devices  have  come  to  light  this  month.  one  advisory,  ,  said  attackers  could  compromise
__label__logisticstracking ge  aestiva  and  aespire  anesthesia  and  respiration  devices  changing  the  mix  of  gases  that  the  patient  breathes,  altering  the  date  and  time  on  the  machine  or  silencing  alarms.  ge  responded  by  pointing  out  that  the  compromise  requires  access  to  both  the  hospitals  network  and  an  insufficiently  secure  terminal  server,  and  urged  users  not  to  use  such  servers.  obviously,  if  devices  dont  need  to  be  on  the  network  in  the  first  place,  thats  an  even  better  solution.  elsewhere,  posted  early  this  month  that  chinabased  smart  home  product  maker  orvibo  had  presumably  by  accident  opened  up  an  enormous  database  to  public  view.
__label__logisticstracking the  database  contained  2  billion  log  entries,  which  covered  email  addresses,  usernames,  passwords  and  even  geographic  locations,  based  on  its  footprint  of  smart  home  devices  installed  in  residences  and  hotels.  the  company  has  since  cut  off  access  to  the  database,  but,  still  not  a  great  look  for  them.  jon  gold  covers  iot  and  wireless  networking  for  network  world.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__logisticstracking iot  solutions  for  corporate  and  government  applications  by  tracking  cattle  can  be  difficult.  members  of  the  herd  can  get  sick  and  go  missing,  or  they  can  wander  away  from  designated  areas.  depending  on  the  size  of  the  property  and  the  size  of  the  herd,  keeping  track  can  be  a  nightmare.  many  hours  can  be  lost  searching  for  cattle.  this  equates  to  lost  time  and  money.  fortunately,  cattle  can  be  tracked  with  smart  devices.  the  iot  is  already  being  used  by  the  agricultural  industry  to  monitor  crops  and  increase  yields.  the  same  technology  can  be  used  to  track  and  monitor  cattle.
__label__logisticstracking our  iot  solution  helps  farmers  locate  cattle  quickly  and  easily.  iot  devices  attach  to  special  collars  that  are  worn  by  the  herd.  these  devices  run  entirely  on  solar  power,  eliminating  the  cost  and  hassle  involved  with  changing  batteries.  collars  are  designed  to  be  lightweight,  compact,  and  comfortable.  our  solution  collects  a  wide  range  of  information.  iot  devices  and  sensors  collect  data  on  the  location,  health,  and  well  being  of  cattle.  this  allows  farmers  to  reduce  loss  and  antibiotic  use,  and  improve  the  health  and  safety  of  their  herd.  data  provided  by  the  system  enables  farmers  to  know  exactly  when  cows
__label__logisticstracking are  ready  to  be  milked.  this  eliminates  guesswork  and  increases  the  length  and  quality  of  milking  sessions.  our  system  collects  large  amounts  of  data  that  is  stored  on  the  cloud.  analytics  are  applied  and  potential  issues  are  reported  in  realtime  to  the  farmer.  relevant  information  can  be  viewed  from  any  location  in  the  world.  all  that  is  needed  is  a  laptop,  mobile  phone,  or  tablet.  the  system  provides  alerts  and  notifications  when  potential  problems  are  detected.  this  allows  illness  and  other  issues  to  be  caught  early,  when  treatment  is  more  effective.  alerts  are  also  sent  when  cattle  strays  from  property.
__label__logisticstracking this  allows  for  quick  recovery  and  protection  of  cattle.  mint  controls  offers  iot  solutions  for  a  variety  of  industries.  our  solutions  are  designed  to  provide  exceptional  value  for  our  clients.  our  system  integrates  quickly  and  easily  with  existing  systems.  this  enables  quick  and  easy  deployment.  please  for  more  information  about  iot  controls  for  cattle.  our  solutions  increase  efficiency  and  profitability  of  every  operation.  copyright  2019  mintsoft,  llc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__logisticstracking from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__logisticstracking using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__logisticstracking assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest
__label__logisticstracking outfitting  a  sensor  and  tracking  device  to  a  cows  collar,  ear,  leg,  tail,  or  via  an  ingestible  microchip  gives  farmers  the  ability  to  track  a  cattles  activity  levels,  health,  and  other  key  behaviors  like  reproduction  activity  to  increase  output  and  overall  herd  wellness.  11/01/2019  in  general,  a  farmer  detects  on  average  60  of  heats  of  cows  in  heat  van  weyenberg,  2013  during  hot  summer  weather,  milk  production  may  decrease  by  as  much  as  50  percent.  some  data  indicates  that  only  10  to  20  percent  of  inseminations  in  heat  stressed  cows  result  in  pregnancies.  at  first  it  was  hard  for  me
__label__logisticstracking to  admit  that  electronic  heat  detection  system  is  needed.  now  i  cant  live  without  it...  my  pregnancy  rate  improved  dramatically  from  15  to  24...  system  was  installed  and  up  and  running  within  a  weekend  was  identifying  heifers  in  heat.  it  spotted  heifers  that  we  would  not  have  seen  using  tail  paints  or  manual  methods  a  partial  list  of  the  companies  offering  solutions  in  the  space.  connecterra  produces  sensor  and  algorithms  for  industry  applications.their  first  product  is  ida,  an  endtoend  dairy  farming  service.  cowlar  produces  a  dairy  productivity  solution.  owned  by  agis  automatisering,  cowmanager  is  a  cattle  tracking  sensor  and  software
__label__logisticstracking system.  moocall  creates  calving  and  heat  sensors  for  dairy  and  beef  farmers  herd  management.  quantified  ag  provides  cattle  industry  sensors  and  data  platform/  scr  is  a  manufacturer  and  marketer  of  dairy  cow  monitoring  and  herd  management  solutions.  part  of  larger  systems  these  companies  offer  cattle  health  tracking  solutions  as  part  of  larger  smart  dairy  and  beef  tracking  devices  and  systems.  boumatic  designs  and  manufacture  milking  systems  and  dairy  farm  equipment.  delaval  develops  dairy  farmers  supply  system  solutions  for  milking,  herd  management,  animal  traffic  control,  feeding,  cooling,  manure  handling,  ventilation  and  energy  recovery.  lely  develops  automated  systems  for  the  dairy  industry.
__label__logisticstracking for  a  more  complete  list  see  our  report  from  simple  activity  monitoring  to  more  advanced  ingestible  devices  use  these  devices  to  start  tracking  your  herd.  a  collar  worn  tracking  device  that  monitors  eating,  activity,  chew  count  and  then  analyses  date  for  patterns  and  feedback  loops  with  farmers.  an  ear  tag  that  monitors  a  cows  movements  and  temperature  every  hour  and  sends  it  back  to  a  dashboard  via  a  gateway.  moocall  offers  both  a  device  attached  to  a  tail  to  track  for  calving  events  as  well  as  a  collar  and  rfid  system  for  bulls  to  track  mounting  behavior,  etc.  using  wearables
__label__logisticstracking andlow  voltage  shocks  or  uncomfortable  sounds  with  warning  stimuli  like  vibrations  let  the  animals  know  when  theyre  approaching  an  area  they  shouldnt  be  heading  towards.  this  enables  farmers  to  save  on  material  and  labor  costs  as  well  as  opening  up  rotational  grazing  opportunities  not  seen  before.  vence  develops  a  virtual  fencing  wearable  for  cattle.  background  articles  and  industry  news  for  dairy  and  beef  farming  monitoring  systems  articles  websites  research  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart
__label__logisticstracking find  learning  resources  such  as  guides,  ebooks,  previous  webinars,  and  so  much  more.  give  us  a  search  or  reach  out  to  our  customer  support  team.  watch  our  monthly  webinars  dont  understand  something?  find  definitions  to  industryspecific  terms  here.  a  comprehensive  list  of  the  most  popular  events  and  learning  opportunities  in  your  industry.  find  learning  resources  such  as  guides,  ebooks,  previous  webinars,  and  so  much  more.  give  us  a  search  or  reach  out  to  our  customer  support  team.  watch  our  monthly  webinars  dont  understand  something?  find  definitions  to  industryspecific  terms  here.  a  comprehensive  list  of  the  most  popular  events  and  learning
__label__logisticstracking opportunities  in  your  industry.  as  the  population  continues  to  grow  around  the  world,  the  demand  of  products  from  livestock  is  increasing.  with  demand  increasing  at  such  a  rapid  pace,  it  is  more  important  than  ever  to  properly  manage  and  maintain  your  livestock.  enter  livestock  monitoring.  livestock  monitoring  is  a  way  for  you  to  track  the  location,  health,  and  produce  realtime  data  on  your  livestock.  this  kind  of  data  can  help  a  farmer  optimize  breeding,  feeding,  and  the  overall  productivity  of  the  farm.  the  most  common  way  to  manage  your  animals  is  via  gps  tracking.  for  instance,  a  farmer  can  track
__label__logisticstracking a  cow  by  placing  a  gps  tracking  device  on  the  cows  tail,  ear,  leg,  neck,  or  even  have  a  tracker  inserted  into  the  animal.  these  sensors  can  do  much  more  than  track  the  location  of  your  livestock.  locating  your  livestock  is  obviously  an  important  part  of  farming.  not  only  do  you  want  to  know  where  your  livestock  is  a  lost  cow  doesnt  do  you  any  good  but  you  also  want  to  keep  your  livestock  safe.  according  to  ,  in  2010,  19.4  million  dollars  worth  of  livestock  was  lost  to  predators  in  texas.  just  texas.  knowing  where  your  animals  are  to
__label__logisticstracking keep  them  safe  from  predators  is  a  huge  benefit  of  livestock  management.  weather  is  another  cause  of  major  losses  of  livestock.  if  you  know  where  your  animals  are,  you  can  get  them  to  shelter  before  inclimate  weather  hits.  according  to  the  ,  over  ten  thousand  cattle  froze  to  death  during  a  blizzard  in  south  dakota  in  2013.  that  is  a  lot  of  livestock  to  lose,  and  livestock  monitoring  can  help  to  prevent  those  types  of  loses.  livestock  monitoring  can  help  farmers  determine  when  cows  are  in  heat.  according  to  ,  it  is  estimated  that  only  50  of  cattle  are  detected
__label__logisticstracking when  they  are  in  heat,  and  that  up  to  15  of  cattle  are  misread  as  being  in  heat  when  they  are  not.  this  not  only  costs  a  farmer  in  reproduction  of  livestock,  but  also  in  missed  milk  production.  livestock  monitoring  helps  increase  the  accuracy  of  livestock  breeding,  which  increases  your  farms  production  and  profits.  livestock  monitoring  can  help  you  save  your  livestock  from  disease,  and  prevent  one  animal  from  spreading  disease  to  the  whole  herd.  according  to  the  national  agricultural  statistics  service  database,  .  livestock  monitoring  can  help  you  more  closely  monitor  an  animals  weight  loss,  decreases  in  activity,  temperature,
__label__logisticstracking and  help  you  isolate  sick  animals  and  get  them  the  help  they  need,  while  saving  the  rest  of  your  livestock.  livestock  monitoring  is  only  one  example  of  how  iot  monitoring  is  changing  not  only  business,  but  the  way  the  world  works.  iot  monitoring  can  give  us  better  insight  on  our  ,  help  keep  us  safe  through  ,  and  help  our  businesses  evolve  and  become  more  efficient.  if  youd  like  to  learn  more  about  iot  monitoring,  reach  out  to  us  at  avantguard  to  get  more  information  on  the  expanding  world  of  .  lorem  ipsum  dolor  sit  amet,  consectetur  adipiscing  elit  these
__label__logisticstracking connected  cows  are  destined  to  become  a  reality  in  farms  a  solution  based  on  nbiot  how  farmers  can  collect  and  analyze  data  from  cattle?  1460  broadway  new  york,  ny  10036,  usa  we  use  own  and  thirdparty  cookies  to  improve  our  services  and  to  show  ads  related  to  your  preferences  by  analyzing  your  browsing  habits.  if  you  continue  browsing,  we  will  consider  that  you  allow  us  to  use  them.  you  can  change  the  settings  or  get  more  information  on  our  max  files  size  limit  is  20mb
__label__logisticstracking according  to  research  done  by  consulting  firm  deloitte,  meat  consumption  in  the  usa  is  on  the  rise.  consumption  will  reach  545  million  tons  by  2050  up  from  367  in  2015.  there  will  be  a  continuous  demand  for  ways  to  help  the  livestock  farming  industry  be  more  productive.  iot  and  sensors  can  be  used  to  help  improve  three  key  areas.  owners  of  cattle  farms  are  interested  in  helping  cattle  deliver  calves  as  efficiently  as  possible.  one  way  to  do  this  is  to  monitor  the  body  temperature  of  a  female  cow  so  that  the  optimal  time  to  get  pregnant  can  be  detected.
__label__logisticstracking one  standard  way  to  do  this  is  to  combine  the  technology  of  a  temperature  sensor  and  a  wireless  protocol  such  as  the  lowerpower  lorawan.  the  sensor  unit  is  inserted  inside  the  body  of  the  cow.  this  needs  to  be  done  just  once  because  the  lowpower  requirement  of  lorawan  ensures  that  the  battery  will  last  close  to  10  years  longer  than  the  sevenyear  average  lifespan  of  a  cow.  the  measurement  data  is  sent  to  the  server  infrequently,  say,  every  15  minutes.  by  tracking  the  temperature  profile,  the  farm  workers  will  have  the  best  chance  to  help  the  cows  to  get  pregnant.
__label__logisticstracking in  the  case  of  tracking  cattle,  a  lowcost  approach  such  as  using  radio  frequency  id  tag  rfid  is  used  to  track  the  cattle  in  and  out  of  the  cattle  range.  if  cows  are  herded  for  feeding,  an  rfid  tag  installed  on  the  cattle  will  indicate  if  the  cattle  have  left  the  range.  the  most  recent  technology  features  a  batteryless  rfid  which  will  harvest  the  needed  energy  emitted  from  the  wireless  reader  to  send  back  the  data  required.  one  example  of  how  technology  can  be  used  to  monitor  animal  health  is  nanotrons  swarm  bee,  a  sophisticated  solution  that  provides  realtime  location
__label__logisticstracking tracking.  together  with  analytic  software,  the  farm  manager  can  track  the  location  and  movement  of  the  cows.  for  example,  the  system  can  keep  farmers  informed  regarding  the  health  of  their  animals.when  a  cow  is  getting  sick,  it  will  not  move  as  frequently  or  stick  to  its  regular  eating  pattern.additionally,  the  system  will  monitor  when  an  animal  is  wandering  away  into  unallowed  areas.  nanotrons  embedded  platform  combines  two  wireless  technologies  uwb  and  chirp.  chirp  supports  up  to  500meter  radius  with  1meter  accuracy.  the  ultrawide  band  uwb  supports  a  much  shorter  distance  of  15meter  radius  but  with  10  cm  accuracy.  these  twotechnologieswork
__label__logisticstracking together  seamlessly,  and  the  battery  life  of  this  lowpower  solution  will  last  multiple  years.  typically,  a  sensor  with  builtin  gps  capability,  antenna,  a  battery,  and  housing  are  integrated  into  ear  tags  convenient  for  cows  to  wear.  figure  1.  the  description  above  is  an  indication  of  how  iot,  smart  sensors,  and  analytics  will  be  able  to  improve  the  productivity  of  livestock  management.  tracking  locations,  temperature  and  clockin  and  out  are  just  the  beginning.  as  demand  for  meat  consumption  increases,  new  technologies  will  be  available  to  help  solve  new  problems.  the  basic  formula  includes  smart  sensors,  lowpower  wireless  technology,  software  analytics  and
__label__logisticstracking the  convenience  of  compact  design.  related  related  john  koon  is  a  freelance  technical  writer  with  extensive  experience  writing  white  papers,  ebooks,  custom  publications,  and  articles.  he  served  as  the  editorinchief  of  rtc  magazine  and  cots  journal,  as  business  development  director  of  rct  group,  as  well  as  rtcs  director  of  iot  business  consulting.  john  holds  a  bs  in  electrical  and  electronics  engineering  from  california  state  polytechnic  universitypomona  and  an  mba  in  marketing  from  san  diego  state  university.
__label__logisticstracking iot.nxt  any  industry.  any  system.  any  process.  agriculture  livestock  tracking  the  client  was  finding  that  manual  counting  of  large  groups  of  cattle  was  unreliable  and  inefficient.  we  installed  our  ble  and  virtual  iot  gateway  at  the  entrance  to  the  water  pit  and  equipped  each  animal  with  a  low  energy  bluetooth  beacon.  the  ble  gateway  detects  the  ear  tags  once  within  close  proximity  of  the  water  pit,  resulting  in  an  automated  counting  solution.  our  solution  issues  an  alert  should  any  tagged  animal  not  to  be  detected  in  a  24  hour  period,  allowing  the  farmer  to  deploy  a  search  team  in  haste.
__label__logisticstracking the  client  now  has  more  accurate  headcounts  and  receives  instant  notifications  when  animals  are  missing.  this  results  in  a  much  quicker  reaction  time,  allowing  the  farmer  to  identify  if  the  animal  is  hurt,  sick  or  potentially  stolen.  by  giving  our  client  visibility  into  areas  of  stock  losses  and  eliminating  the  need  for  manual  stock  counts,  they  were  able  to  improve  the  care  for  their  animals  and  increase  productivity  and  efficiency.  the  iot.nxt  solution  was  implemented  during  vaccination  periods  when  all  animals  were  in  the  camp  at  the  same  time,  resulting  in  a  fast,  effective  implementation.  7700  windrose  ave,  plano,  texas,
__label__logisticstracking published  november  30,  2017  the  farming  and  agricultural  industry  relies  on  innovative  ideas  and  technological  advancements  to  help  increase  yields  and  better  allocate  resources.  the  late  19th  century  and  the  20th  century  brought  a  number  of  mechanical  innovations,  like  tractors  and  harvesters.  ,  which  leaves  the  door  wide  open  for  engineers  looking  to  bring  a  smart  farming  solution  or  iot  agricultural  sensor  to  market.  more  the  next  several  years  will  see  increasing  use  of  these  and  other  smart  farming  technologies.  in  fact,  and  according  to  a  january  2016  ,  the  number  of  connected  agricultural  devices  is  expected  to  grow  from
__label__logisticstracking 13  million  at  the  end  of  2014  to  225  million  by  2024.  below,  weve  outlined  three  generic  iot  agriculture  use  cases  and  seven  iot  agricultural  applications  already  on  the  market  that  are  making  it  possible  for  farmers  and  ranchers  to  gather  meaningful  data.  additionally,  well  walk  you  through  five  engineering  questions  you  should  consider  before  you  finalize  your  smart  agriculture  solution.  thanks  to  livestock  monitoring,  ranchers  can  use  wireless  iot  applications  to  gather  data  regarding  the  health,  wellbeing,  and  location  of  their  cattle.  this  information  saves  them  money  in  two  ways:  there  are  some  specific  challenges  when  instrumenting  livestock  with
__label__logisticstracking sensors.  specifically,  its  quite  difficult  to  outfit  cattle  with  a  collar.  an  alternate  option  is  to  use  a  wireless  retrofitted  bolus  in  the  cows  stomach,  which  can  communicate  via  bluetooth  to  an  ear  tag.  another  potential  challenge  ranchers  face  in  implementing  an  iot  solution  is  selecting  a  wireless  technology  with  enough  battery  power  to  last  the  lifespan  of  the  animal.  a  beef  cow,  for  example,  lives  15  months  or  longerand  while  some  technologies  that  use  a  mesh  network  likely  wont  manage  that  kind  of  battery  life,  can  easily  connect  for  that  length  of  time  without  much  infrastructure  around  the  ranch
__label__logisticstracking to  connect  all  of  the  devices.  while  it  doesnt  strictly  fall  under  the  heading  of  agriculture,  monitoring  for  endangered  rhinos  is  one  of  the  more  interesting  animal  iot  use  cases  out  there.  knowing  where  rhinos  are  located  in  large  game  facilities  can  help  conservationists  protect  them  from  poachers.  as  one  may  imagine,  collaring  a  rhino  isnt  easyand  weve  found  it  isnt  often  successful.  the  collars  get  ripped  off  during  bouts  of  fighting,  and  theyve  been  known  to  cause  behavioral  changes  in  the  rhinos.  to  overcome  these  obstacles,  we  are  currently  examining  the  idea  of  putting  symphony  link  devices  inside  a
__label__logisticstracking rhinoceross  horn.  monitoring  plant  and  soil  conditions  is  a  simple  use  casebut  it  can  lead  to  a  fantastic  return  on  investment  for  farmers.  weve  seen  several  great  uses  for  agriculture  iot  in  this  space:  because  the  sensors  in  all  the  use  cases  above  are  close  to  the  ground,  using  a  can  be  difficult.  there  simply  isnt  enough  link  budget.  but  star  topologies  like  are  an  ideal  fit,  because  one  access  point  can  talk  to  a  number  of  sensors  20100  square  kilometers  away.  while  these  generic  case  studies  provide  insight  into  how  iot  in  agriculture  can  be  useful  to  the  farming
__label__logisticstracking community,  its  also  important  to  understand  what  iot  agriculture  projects  and  applications  have  already  been  developed:  cropx  produces  hardware  and  software  systems  that  measure  moisture,  temperature,  and  electrical  conductivity  in  the  soil.  their  system  tells  farmers  when  and  how  much  to  irrigate.  temputech  saw  a  need  for  increased  safety  in  agricultural  storage.  silos  and  grain  elevators  can  be  dangerous  places,  with  conveyor  belts  that  can  catch  fire  and  dust  buildup  that  can  be  explosive.  using  sensors  to  track  hazards  is  of  massive  value.  with  ,  temputech  created  a  way  to  connect  wireless  sensors  and  help  farmers  make  sense  of  the
__label__logisticstracking data  from  their  silos  and  grain  elevators.  using  this  platform,  manufacturers  can  establish  baseline  performance  norms  and  set  alert  and  alarm  conditions  related  to  temperature,  vibration,  humidity,  and  other  conditions.  claas  is  one  of  the  worlds  leading  manufacturers  of  agricultural  engineering  equipment.  farmers  can  operate  claas  equipment  on  autopilot,  receive  advice  on  how  to  improve  crop  flow  and  minimize  grain  losses,  or  automatically  optimize  equipment  performance.  the  company  is  partnering  with  ,  a  program  that  enables  farmers  to  manage  their  entire  agricultural  holding  on  a  computer  or  mobile  device.  the  system  collects  data  and  makes  meaningful  use  of  it  through
__label__logisticstracking field  mapping,  fertilization  planning,  nutrient  balance,  and  calendar  and  planning  programs.  precisionhawk  has  created  an  autonomous  uav  that  collects  highquality  data  through  a  series  of  sensors  that  are  used  for  the  surveying,  mapping,  and  imaging  of  agricultural  land.  its  essentially  a  drone  that  performs  inflight  observations  and  monitoring.  before  sending  the  drone  into  the  air,  farmers  tell  it  what  field  to  survey  and  choose  a  ground  resolution  or  altitude.  each  drone  can  detect  weather  conditions  using  artificial  intelligence,  so  it  chooses  the  best  flight  path  to  take  based  on  things  like  wind  speed  or  air  pressure.  during  the  flight,  the
__label__logisticstracking drone  collects  visual,  thermal,  and  multispectral  imagery;  then  it  lands  in  the  same  place  it  took  off.  now  thats  a  cool  and  useful  internet  of  things  farming  tool  radar  family  farms  began  as  a  pumpkin  farm  in  the  1990s,  and  today  offers  a  10acre  corn  maze  to  visitors  every  fall.  in  the  early  days,  the  family  created  the  maze  by  planting  all  10  acres  of  corn  and  then  hiring  a  company  to  mow  out  the  shape  of  the  maze.  this  was  a  waste  of  seedand  a  waste  of  money.  by  using  precision  planting  technology,  theyre  now  able  to  plant  in
__label__logisticstracking the  shape  of  the  mapsomething  they  believe  no  other  farm  in  the  u.s.  is  doing.  tobacco  is  a  big  industry  in  italy  and  requires  certain  environmental  and  climatic  requirements  for  optimal  growth.  in  response  to  this  issue,  an  italian  software  company  deployed  libeliums  platform  to  collect  data  on  weather  conditions  that  may  affect  tobacco  crops.  this  technique  can  be  used  by  tobacco  farmers  to  optimize  their  crops  in  conditions  not  typically  suitable  for  tobacco  growth.  jmb  north  america  has  brought  to  market  an  iot  solution  that  helps  ranchers  monitor  pregnant  cows  that  are  preparing  to  give  birth.  a  batterypowered  sensor
__label__logisticstracking is  expelled  from  the  heifer  when  its  water  breaks,  which  sends  a  notification  to  the  rancher  or  herd  manager.  the  sensor  allows  farmers  to  be  more  focused  in  the  time  spent  with  pregnant  heifers.  as  shown  in  the  examples  above,  there  are  a  wide  variety  of  iot  agriculture  use  cases  to  cover  a  menagerie  of  farming  and  livestock  issues.  if  youre  engineering  a  smart  agriculture  solution,  there  are  specific  areas  of  focus  to  keep  in  mind  while  you  build  out  your  product.  farmers,  agriculturalists,  and  industrial  food  producers  alike  are  looking  at  iot  solutions  to  increase  efficiencies  and  yields  and
__label__logisticstracking reduce  loss  and  theft.  in  other  words,  theyre  looking  to  optimize  resources  and  lower  costs.  whatever  the  end  user  will  be  monitoring  should  be  frontandcenter  as  you  design  the  application.  for  example,  a  corn  farmer  may  be  primarily  .  he  doesnt  want  to  use  too  much  water,  but  he  also  needs  to  be  sure  that  enough  water  is  getting  where  its  needed.  realtime  monitoring,  on  the  other  hand,  can  help  a  rancher  locate  a  sick  cow  in  the  herd  before  it  contaminates  the  rest  of  the  animals.  doing  this  will  dramatically  reduce  livestock  losses,  and  reduce  costs  associated  with  purchasing
__label__logisticstracking antibiotics  needed  to  treat  a  large  group.  the  distance  that  data  needs  to  travel  makes  a  huge  impact  on  what  type  of  technology  should  be  used.  if  you  measure  something  10  meters  away,  you  wouldnt  use  the  same  technology  youd  use  for  something  1,500  meters  away.  for  short  distances,  you  may  use  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  or  near  field  communication  nfc,  which  is  common  in  cell  phones.  nfc  or  rfid  may  be  used  if  youre  tagging  a  feedbag  and  need  to  know  how  many  pounds  of  soybeans  are  in  each  bag.  if  youre  sending  data  to  an  object  10  meters
__label__logisticstracking or  closer,  might  be  good  options.  a  good  example  of  that  would  be  engineering  a  bluetooth  ear  tag  for  pigs  living  in  a  small  area,  which  would  tell  an  end  user  the  swines  ages  and  important  information  about  them.  if  your  application  needs  to  send  data  over  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  meters,  you  might  look  at  options.  a  few  examples  include  or  other  subghz  technologies.  an  application  over  this  type  of  network  might  be  used  to  measure  soil  moisture  in  fields  or  to  find  and  track  livestock  as  they  graze.  this  type  of  application  is  also  ideal  for  monitoring
__label__logisticstracking fish  farms  that  have  large,  fencedin  areas  of  aquaculture  and  are  difficult  to  access.  there  is  a  very  close  correlation  between  battery  life  and  range.  a  sensor  that  is  very  far  away  requires  more  energy  to  get  information  from  one  point  to  another.  to  get  around  that,  iot  product  creators  often  engineer  applications  to  send  much  less  data  or  send  data  less  frequently  to  save  on  costs  and  power.  so,  youll  need  to  determine  where  your  sensor  application  will  draw  power  from.  given  that  most  iot  agriculture  is  typically  outside  or  spread  over  a  large  area,  youll  need  to  consider
__label__logisticstracking a  low  power  application.  otherwise,  the  service  and  upkeep  of  many  distant  sensors  will  be  overwhelming  for  the  end  user.  you  may  think  that  the  more  data  packets  a  sensor  can  send  the  better,  but  this  isnt  necessarily  the  case.  how  many  data  packets  are  necessary  depends  on  many  different  factors,  including  the  enduser  application  and  the  local  environment.  for  example,  if  a  farmer  has  a  moisture  sensor  in  a  faraway  potato  field,  he  likely  doesnt  need  to  gather  information  every  two  seconds.  once  or  twice  a  day  is  probably  sufficient,  which  means  the  battery  life  will  be  far  greater.
__label__logisticstracking on  the  other  hand,  an  application  that  is  used  to  send  gps  coordinates  and  other  information  gleaned  by  a  tractor  could  easily  send  nearconstant  data  packets  back  to  the  gateway.  after  all,  a  tractor  offers  a  perfect  and  nearly  unlimited  power  source,  so  large  amounts  of  data  or  video  streams  can  be  sent  without  clogging  up  the  network.  you  can  see  how  this  is  a  lot  different  than  our  moisture  sensor  example,  which  doesnt  have  a  constant  power  source.  another  example  is  a  comparison  of  tank  leveling  and  irrigation.  many  farms  have  large  tanks  that  house  fertilizer,  fuel,  or  livestock
__label__logisticstracking feed.  monitoring  the  levels  of  these  tanks  more  than  once  a  day  is  probably  unnecessary.  on  the  other  hand,  when  irrigation  is  on,  continual  updates  can  ensure  that  the  right  amounts  of  water  are  being  released  and  that  there  isnt  a  leak.  all  this  to  say:  before  you  create  an  m2m  agriculture  application,  make  sure  you  consider  how  much  data  is  too  much.  every  is  different,  so  youll  want  to  consider  which  ones  youre  going  to  use  and  how  youll  be  interfacing  with  them  before  you  get  started.  some  sensorslike  moisture  sensorsare  embedded,  and  require  microcontrollers  to  interface.  creating  the
__label__logisticstracking sensor  and  weatherizing  it  is  an  engineering  challenge  that  would  need  to  be  met.  positioning  the  sensor  for  an  optimal  communication  path  is  another  engineering  challenge.  if  sensors  are  placed  in  an  orange  orchard,  the  trees  may  interfere  if  the  antennae  arent  mounted  properly.  this  is  obviously  not  as  big  of  a  challenge  if  an  antenna  is  mounted  in  a  strawberry  field.  so  make  sure  you  understand  what  your  end  user  needs  to  measure,  then  choose  a  solid  technology  to  build  around  to  get  that  information  out.  because  they  are  not  dependent  on  thirdparty  wifi  or  3g  connections,  low  power
__label__logisticstracking widearea  lpwa  connectivity  options  like  enjoy  greater  network  reliability  and  scalability  even  across  a  vast  farming  enterprise.  download  the  brochure  below  to  learn  more  about  how  symphony  link  can  help  connect  your  iot  agriculture  application.  if  you  have  questions,  .  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before
__label__logisticstracking starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights
__label__logisticstracking learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  5  ways  iot  can  improve  agriculture  data,  tons  of  data,  collected  by  smart  agriculture  sensors,  better  control  over  the  internal  processes  and,  as  a  result,  lower  production  risks  cost  management  and  waste  reduction  thanks  to  the  increased  control  over  the  production  increased  business  efficiency  through  process  automation  enhanced  product  quality  and  volumes  higher  revenue  monitoring  of  climate  conditions  greenhouse  automation  crop  management  cattle  monitoring  and  management  endtoend  farm
__label__logisticstracking management  systems  1.the  hardware  2.  the  brain  3.  the  maintenance  4.  the  mobility  5.  the  infrastructure  the  product  discovery  phase  is  the  best  first  step  you  can  take  to  lay  a  solid  foundation  for  the  development  of  your  app.  it  includes  a  functional  specification,  ux/ui  design,  and  a  visual  prototype  that  will  give  you  a  clear  vision  of  the  end  product.  on  average,  this  phase  takes  46  weeks.  we  at  eastern  peak  have  already  helped  many  startups  and  fortune  500  companies  digitize  and  streamline  their  operations  with  the  help  of  technologies.  we  provide  endtoend  services  building  iot  solutions  across  a
__label__logisticstracking number  of  business  domains,  from  hardware  design  to  software  development,  testing,  and  integration.  to  receive  professional  consultation  from  our  experts,  get  in  touch  with  us  or  request  a  quote  using  our  .  https://easternpeak.com/blog/iotinagriculture5technologyusecasesforsmartfarmingand4challengestoconsider/  free  requirements  review  your  ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details  about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day.  go
__label__logisticstracking to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance  your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__logisticstracking slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  sigfoxenabled  sensors  offer  more  precise  monitoring  of  be  the  first  to  comment  be  the  first  to  like  this  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped  this  slide  to  already.
__label__logisticstracking agriculture  is  undergoing  a  renaissance.  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  are  enabling  farmers  to  manage  crops  and  livestock  more  reliably  and  efficiently.  autonomous  farming  equipment,  livestock  monitoring  systems,  and  precision  farming  solutions  are  empowering  farmers  to  feed  our  increasingly  hungry  and  environmentally  unstable  world.  ,  president  of  iot  solutions  at  att  iotenabled  livestock  management  solutions,  such  as  ,  are  transforming  the  livestock  management  paradigm.  livestock  management  iot  solutions  often  involve  embedding  connected  sensors  into  livestock  wearables  in  order  to  monitor  heart  rate,  blood  pressure,  respiratory  rate,  temperature,  and  even  digestion.  these  sensors  can  also  track  an  animals  location  to  help  find
__label__logisticstracking tracking  marine  animals  can  be  extremely  tricky  due  to  gps  signals  not  functioning  well  underwater.  iot  is  now  being  used  to  more  accurately  track  our  marine  friends.  i  recently  watched  with  a  few  friends,  a  glorious  two  hours  of  huge  sharks  and  jason  statham  oneliners.  though  it  may  come  as  a  surprise,  the  movie  wasnt  all  that  realistic.  some  suspension  of  disbelief  is  necessary,  but  one  scene  that  stuck  out  to  me  was  when  jason  statham  used  a  dart  gun  to  shoot  a  tracking  dart  into  the  dorsal  fin  of  the  meg.  huge,  bloodthirsty  shark?  lets  get  in  the  water
__label__logisticstracking and  shoot  it  with  a  tracking  dart  this  scene  raised  many  questions  for  me.  aside  from  the  more  general  questions  like,  whats  this  gun  usually  used  for?  and  whys  it  just  lying  around?,  i  had  some  more  technologyfocused  questions.  as  someone  who  works  in  iot,  my  first  thought  was  well  thats  stupid,  gps  signals  dont  propagate  well  through  water.  my  second  thought  was,  ok  well  gps  could  work  if  the  meg  surfaces,  but  how  would  the  device  communicate?  it  could  use  satellite  but  that  has  relatively  high  power  consumption  so  how  long  would  that  tracker  last  on  battery?.  my  third
__label__logisticstracking thought  was,  i  should  write  an  article  about  this.  and  so  here  we  are  fortunately,  we  dont  have  huge,  prehistoric  sharks  to  deal  with,  but  we  do  have  many  sea  and  nonsea  creatures  that  wed  like  to  track,  made  possible  by  the  power  of  iot.  in  this  post  ill  be  focusing  on  aquatic  animal  tracking  since  it  has  many  benefits,  unique  challenges  compared  to  terrestrial  animal  tracking  and  interesting  iot  approaches  to  address  those  challenges.  to  explain  why  aquatic  tracking  is  important,  you  first  need  to  understand  what  aquatic  animal  tracking  means.  when  you  hear  aquatic  animal  tracking,  youre  likely
__label__logisticstracking to  think  about  it  as  pure  tracking  of  movement  and  location  e.g.  tracking  the  meg  with  gps  in  the  above  example.  however,  there  are  many  other  data  types  that  are  valuable  to  collect  about  aquatic  animals  and  about  the  different  environments  in  which  the  aquatic  animals  exist.  in  addition  to  location,  this  data  includes  temperature,  pressure,  heart  rate,  light/fluorescence,  magnetic  signatures,  video  and  acceleration  among  others.  aquatic  animal  tracking  is  important  because  it  enables  us  to  collect  invaluable  data  for  scientific  understanding,  conservation  efforts  and  ecological  management.  aquatic  animal  tracking  helps  us  save  animals,  save  the  planet  and  save  ourselves.
__label__logisticstracking to  take  measures  to  protect  endangered  species,  we  have  to  know  that  those  species  are  endangered  in  the  first  place.  unlike  terrestrial  animals,  aquatic  animals  move  up  and  down  in  the  water  column  and  can,  therefore,  be  difficult  to  locate  and  estimate  populations.  once  weve  identified  that  a  species  is  endangered,  we  need  to  understand  how  that  species  operates  and  how  it  fits  into  its  ecosystem  to  design  conservation  approaches  and  marine  protection  areas  to  help.  though  conservation  and  protection  are  ends  in  themselves,  its  also  in  our  selfinterest.  by  collecting  and  disseminating  animal  population  data  more  quickly,  we  can
__label__logisticstracking make  management  decisions  to  avoid  overexploitation.  this  prevents  us  from  fishing  so  much  that  we  wipe  out  entire  populations  and  dont  have  any  more  fish  to  fish.  one  of  the  success  stories  of  biologging  came  from  two  small  villages  in  baja  mexico,  said  larry  crowder,  a  professor  of  biology  at  hopkins  aquatic  station  in  monterey,  calif.  crowder  told  a  session  at  the  meeting  that  tracking  loggerhead  turtles  turned  up  some  surprising  information:  fishermen  using  long  lines  were  unintentionally  catching  lots  of  loggerhead  turtles.  as  it  turned  out,  the  fishermen  didnt  realize  they  were  having  a  globalscale  effect.  they  didnt  even
__label__logisticstracking know  the  turtles  were  endangered,  crowder  said.  after  the  tags  identified  the  problem,  the  scientists  worked  with  the  fishermen  to  find  a  solution:  switching  to  hookandline  fishing.  more  good  news  is  on  the  way  for  turtles:  a  month  ago,  the  national  oceanographic  and  atmospheric  administration  designated  42,000  square  miles  109,000  square  kilometers  as  critical  habitat  for  pacific  leatherbacks  habitat  delineated  and  backed  up  by  data  from  satellite  tracking.  in  addition  to  gathering  crucial  insights  about  the  aquatic  animals  themselves,  aquatic  animals  can  also  serve  as  a  global  sensing  system,  enabling  us  to  gather  data  from  a  variety  of  environments  across
__label__logisticstracking the  breadth  and  depth  of  earths  oceans.  there  are  clear  benefits  to  aquatic  animal  tracking,  but  there  are  also  unique  challenges  in  aquatic  environments.  in  terrestrial  animal  tracking,  we  can  leverage  gps  for  location  data  and  satellites  for  collecting  that  data  over  broad  geographies.  however,  radio  frequency  signals  dont  propagate  well  through  water  particularly  salt  water  meaning  that  signals  from  both  gps  and  communications  satellites  are  only  useful  very  close  to  and  above  the  ocean  surface.  theres  also  the  matter  of  attaching  a  tag  to  a  given  animal.  weve  come  a  long  way  from  the  1930s  when  researchers  used  shotguns
__label__logisticstracking to  shoot  stainless  steel  tubesbearing  an  identification  number  and  promise  of  reward  for  returninto  whales  that  could  be  recovered  after  the  marine  leviathans  had  been  killed  and  processed  for  their  blubber.  .  however,  many  tracking  mechanisms  are  still  invasive  involving  darts  or  implants.  due  to  the  size  and  weight  of  tracking  devices,  they  can  only  be  used  on  larger  animals.  this  is  true  for  terrestrial  animal  tracking  too  think  of  attaching  a  tracking  device  to  a  small  bird,  it  would  make  it  pretty  hard  to  fly,  but  at  least  there  are  other  methods  to  track  terrestrial  animals.  size  and  weight
__label__logisticstracking of  devices  is  also  a  challenge  for  early  life  stages  of  larger  animals,  which  may  be  important  for  understanding  breeding  and  maturation.  in  the  past,  collecting  data  from  tracking  devices  meant  physically  retrieving  them.  now,  global  connectivity,  cheap  sensors,  improved  batteries  and  other  advances  are  enabling  us  to  track  a  greater  number  and  wider  variety  of  aquatic  animals.  iot  is  a  big  part  of  this.  one  of  the  most  fundamental  breakthroughs  is  that  unlike  in  times  past,  researchers  dont  necessarily  have  to  catch  a  tagged  animal  a  second  time  in  order  to  gather  all  the  data  accumulated  by  a  tag
