__label__productinspection for  the  usage  of  the  phrase  by  inspection  in  mathematics,  see  list  of  mathematical  jargonproof  techniques.an  inspection  is,  most  generally,  an  organized  examination  or  formal  evaluation  exercise.  in  engineering  activities  inspection  involves  the  measurements,  tests,  and  gauges  applied  to  certain  characteristics  in  regard  to  an  object  or  activity.  the  results  are  usually  compared  to  specified  requirements  and  standards  for  determining  whether  the  item  or  activity  is  in  line  with  these  targets,  often  with  a  standard  inspection  procedure  in  place  to  ensure  consistent  checking.  inspections  are  usually  nondestructive.inspections  may  be  a  visual  inspection  or  involve  sensing  technologies  such  as  ultrasonic  testing,
__label__productinspection accomplished  with  a  direct  physical  presence  or  remotely  such  as  a  remote  visual  inspection,  and  manually  or  automatically  such  as  an  automated  optical  inspection.  noncontact  optical  measurement  and  photogrammetry  have  become  common  ndt  methods  for  inspection  of  manufactured  components  and  design  optimisation.a  2007  scottish  government  review  of  scrutiny  of  public  services  the  crear  review,  20071  defined  inspection  of  public  services  as  ...  periodic,  targeted  scrutiny  of  specific  services,  to  check  whether  they  are  meeting  national  and  local  performance  standards,  legislative  and  professional  requirements,  and  the  needs  of  service  users.a  surprise  inspection  tends  to  have  different  results  than  an  announced  inspection.
__label__productinspection leaders  wanting  to  know  how  others  in  their  organization  perform  can  drop  in  without  warning,  to  see  directly  what  happens.  if  an  inspection  is  made  known  in  advance,  it  can  give  people  a  chance  to  cover  up  or  to  fix  mistakes.  this  could  lead  to  distorted  and  inaccurate  findings.  a  surprise  inspection,  therefore,  gives  inspectors  a  better  picture  of  the  typical  state  of  the  inspected  object  or  process  than  an  announced  inspection.  it  also  enhances  external  confidence  in  the  inspection  process.  see  section  4.12  of  the  crear  report.  specific  inspection  manufacturing  quality  related  inprocess  inspection/verification  is  an  essential  part  of
__label__productinspection quality  control  in  manufacturing.inspection  in  manufacturing  includes  measuring,  examining,  testing,  or  gauging  one  or  more  characteristics  of  a  product  or  process  and  comparing  the  results  with  specified  requirements  to  determine  whether  is  the  requirements  are  met  for  each  characteristic.  common  examples  of  inspection  by  measurement  or  gauging  include  using  a  caliper  or  micrometer  to  determine  if  a  dimension  of  a  manufactured  part  is  within  the  dimensional  tolerance  specified  in  a  drawing  for  that  part,  and  is  thus  acceptable  for  use.design  for  inspection  dfi  is  a  concept  that  should  complement  and  work  in  collaboration  with  design  for  manufacturability  dfm  and  design
__label__productinspection for  assembly  dma  to  reduce  product  manufacturing  cost  and  increase  manufacturing  practicality.photogrammetry  is  a  modern  way  of  visual  inspection,  delivering  high  accuracy  and  traceability  for  various  industries.  the  portable  3d  system  is  a  versatile  optical  coordinate  measuring  machine  cmm  with  a  wide  range  of  capabilities.  highly  accurate  point  measurements  can  be  taken  with  inspection  carried  out  directly  to  cad  models,  geometry  or  drawings.dfi  fire  equipment  most  fire  equipment  needs  to  be  inspected  to  make  sure  in  the  event  of  a  fire,  every  effort  has  been  taken  to  make  sure  it  doesnt  get  out  of  control.  extinguishers  are  to  be  inspected
__label__productinspection every  month  by  law  and  inspected  by  a  servicing  company  at  least  once  a  year.  fire  extinguishers  can  be  heavy,  so  its  a  good  idea  to  practice  picking  up  and  holding  an  extinguisher  to  get  an  idea  of  the  weight  and  feel.  business  in  international  trade  several  destination  countries  require  preshipment  inspection.  the  importer  instructs  the  shipper  which  inspection  company  should  be  used.  the  inspector  makes  pictures  and  a  report  to  certify  that  the  goods  that  are  being  shipped  and  produced  are  in  accordance  with  the  accompanying  documents.commodity  inspection  is  other  term  that  is  used  between  buyers  and  sellers.  the
__label__productinspection scope  of  work  for  commodity  inspection  depends  to  the  buyers.  some  buyers  hire  the  inspection  agencies  only  for  preshipment  inspections  i.e.  visual  quality,  quantity,  packing,  marking  and  loading  inspections  and  some  others  request  for  higher  level  inspections  and  ask  inspection  agencies  to  attend  in  the  vendor  shops  and  inspect  commodities  during  manufacturing  processes.  normally  inspection  is  done  based  on  an  agreed  inspection  and  test  plan  itp.  government  in  government  and  politics,  an  inspection  is  the  act  of  a  monitoring  authority  administering  an  official  review  of  various  criteria  such  as  documents,  facilities,  records,  and  any  other  assets  that  are  deemed  by
__label__productinspection the  authority  to  be  related  to  the  inspection.  inspections  are  used  for  the  purpose  of  determining  if  a  body  is  complying  with  regulations.  the  inspector  examines  the  criteria  and  talks  with  involved  individuals.  a  report  and  evaluation  follows  such  visits.the  food  safety  inspection  service  is  charged  with  ensuring  that  all  meat  and  egg  products  in  the  united  states  are  safe  to  consume  and  accurately  labeled.  the  meat  inspection  act  of  1906  authorized  the  secretary  of  agriculture  to  order  meat  inspections  and  condemn  any  found  unfit  for  human  consumption.  the  united  nations  monitoring,  verification  and  inspection  commission  is  a  regulatory  body
__label__productinspection that  inspects  for  weapons  of  mass  destruction.  the  scottish  commission  for  the  regulation  of  care  regulates  and  inspects  care  services  in  scotland.  road  vehicles  a  vehicle  inspection,  e.g.,  an  annual  inspection,  is  a  necessary  inspection  required  on  vehicles  to  conform  with  laws  regarding  safety,  emissions,  or  both.  it  consists  of  an  examination  of  a  vehicles  components,  usually  done  by  a  certified  mechanic.  vehicles  pass  a  prewarranty  inspection,  if,  and  only  if,  a  mechanic  provide  evidence  for  the  proper  working  condition  of  the  vehicle  systems  specified  in  the  type  of  inspection.  engineering,  mechanics  a  mechanical  inspection  is  usually  undertaken  to  ensure
__label__productinspection the  safety  or  reliability  of  structures  or  machinery.in  europe  bodies  involved  in  engineering  inspection  may  be  assessed  by  accreditation  bodies  according  to  iso  17020  general  criteria  for  the  operation  of  various  types  of  bodies  performing  inspection.  this  standard  defines  inspection  as  examination  of  a  product,  process,  service,  or  installation  or  their  design  and  determination  of  its  conformity  with  specific  requirements  or,  on  the  basis  of  professional  judgment,  with  general  requirements.nondestructive  examination  nde  or  nondestructive  testing  ndt  is  a  family  of  technologies  used  during  inspection  to  analyze  materials,  components  and  products  for  either  inherent  defects  such  as  fractures  or  cracks,  or
__label__productinspection service  induced  defects  damage  from  use.  some  common  methods  are  visual,  industrial  computed  tomography  scanning,  microscopy,  dye  penetrant  inspection,  magneticparticle  inspection,  xray  or  radiographic  testing,  ultrasonic  testing,  eddycurrent  testing,  acoustic  emission  testing,  and  thermographic  inspection.  in  addition,  many  nondestructive  inspections  can  be  performed  by  a  precision  scale,  or  when  in  motion,  a  checkweigher.  stereo  microscopes  are  often  used  for  examining  small  products  like  circuit  boards  for  product  defects.inspection  and  technical  assistance  during  turnarounds  helps  to  decrease  costly  downtime  as  well  as  ensures  restart  of  operations  quickly  and  safely.  2  medical  a  medical  inspection  is  the  thorough  and  unhurried  visualization  of
__label__productinspection a  patient,  this  requires  the  use  of  the  naked  eye.  military  an  examination  vessel  is  a  craft  used  to  inspect  ships  entering  or  leaving  a  port  during  wartime.  railroad  the  railroads  inspection  locomotive  were  special  types  of  steam  locomotives  designed  to  carry  railroad  officials  on  inspection  tours  of  the  railroad  property.  real  estate  a  property  condition  assessment  is  the  examination  for  purposes  of  evaluating  a  commercial  or  business  propertys  condition  often  as  a  part  of  a  due  diligence  investigation  for  a  company  to  know  what  it  is  buying.  building  code  officials  do  a  building  inspection  to  determine  code  compliance  in
__label__productinspection new  or  altered  buildings  before  issuing  a  certificate  of  occupancy.  residential  inspections  not  for  code  compliance  are  called  a  home  inspection.  there  are  numerous  types  of  more  specific  real  estate  and  infrastructure  inspections  such  as  windstorm  inspection,  energy  audit,  and  pipeline  video  inspection.  software  inspection  software  inspection,  in  software  programming,  refers  to  peer  review  of  any  work  product  by  skilled  individuals  who  look  for  bugs  using  a  defined  test  protocol.  see  also  united  states  postal  inspection  servicereviewthirdparty  inspection  companyworkers  and  peasants  inspectionprepurchase  inspectionmaintenance  references
__label__productinspection a  product  defect  is  any  characteristic  of  a  product  which  hinders  its  usability  for  the  purpose  for  which  it  was  designed  and  manufactured.  definition  product  defects  arise  most  prominently  in  legal  contexts  regarding  product  safety,  where  the  term  is  applied  to  anything  that  renders  the  product  not  reasonably  safe.  the  field  of  law  that  addresses  injuries  caused  by  defective  products  is  called  products  liability.a  wide  range  of  circumstances  can  render  a  product  defective.  the  product  may  have  a  design  defect,  resulting  from  the  product  having  been  poorly  designed  or  tested,  so  that  the  design  itself  yields  a  product  that  can
__label__productinspection not  perform  its  desired  function.  even  if  the  design  is  correct,  the  product  may  have  a  manufacturing  defect  if  it  was  incorrectly  manufactured,  for  example  if  the  wrong  materials  are  used.  a  product  may  also  be  considered  legally  defective  if  it  lacks  appropriate  instructions  for  its  use,  or  appropriate  warnings  of  dangers  accompanying  normal  use  or  misuse  of  the  product.a  product  that  is  defective  in  some  way  that  does  not  render  it  dangerous  might  still  be  sold,  with  a  discounted  price  reflecting  the  defect.  for  example,  where  a  clothing  manufacturers  inspection  discovers  that  a  line  of  shirts  have  been  made
__label__productinspection with  slightly  uneven  sleeves,  the  manufacturer  may  choose  to  sell  these  shirts  at  a  discount,  often  through  an  outlet  store  and  with  the  label  cut  off  to  indicate  that  the  quality  is  not  intended  to  reflect  on  the  brand.  for  some  products,  rework  is  appropriate.  references
__label__productinspection in  engineering,  defect  tracking  is  the  process  of  tracking  the  logged  defects  in  a  product  from  beginning  to  closure  by  inspection,  testing,  or  recording  feedback  from  customers,  and  making  new  versions  of  the  product  that  fix  the  defects.  defect  tracking  is  important  in  software  engineering  as  complex  software  systems  typically  have  tens  or  hundreds  or  thousands  of  defects:  managing,  evaluating  and  prioritizing  these  defects  is  a  difficult  task.  when  the  numbers  of  defects  gets  quite  large,  and  the  defects  need  to  be  tracked  over  extended  periods  of  time,  use  of  a  defect  tracking  system  can  make  the  management  task  much
__label__productinspection quality  control  qc  is  a  process  by  which  entities  review  the  quality  of  all  factors  involved  in  production.  iso  9000  defines  quality  control  as  a  part  of  quality  management  focused  on  fulfilling  quality  requirements.this  approach  places  emphasis  on  three  aspects  enshrined  in  standards  such  as  iso  9001:elements  such  as  controls,  job  management,  defined  and  well  managed  processes,  performance  and  integrity  criteria,  and  identification  of  recordscompetence,  such  as  knowledge,  skills,  experience,  and  qualificationssoft  elements,  such  as  personnel,  integrity,  confidence,  organizational  culture,  motivation,  team  spirit,  and  quality  relationships.inspection  is  a  major  component  of  quality  control,  where  physical  product  is  examined  visually  or
__label__productinspection the  end  results  of  a  service  are  analyzed.  product  inspectors  will  be  provided  with  lists  and  descriptions  of  unacceptable  product  defects  such  as  cracks  or  surface  blemishes  for  example.the  quality  of  the  outputs  is  at  risk  if  any  of  these  three  aspects  is  deficient  in  any  way.  history  and  introduction  early  stone  tools  such  as  anvils  had  no  holes  and  were  not  designed  as  interchangeable  parts.  mass  production  established  processes  for  the  creation  of  parts  and  system  with  identical  dimensions  and  design,  but  these  processes  are  not  uniform  and  hence  some  customers  were  unsatisfied  with  the  result.  quality  control  separates
__label__productinspection the  act  of  testing  products  to  uncover  defects  from  the  decision  to  allow  or  deny  product  release,  which  may  be  determined  by  fiscal  constraints.  for  contract  work,  particularly  work  awarded  by  government  agencies,  quality  control  issues  are  among  the  top  reasons  for  not  renewing  a  contract.the  simplest  form  of  quality  control  was  a  sketch  of  the  desired  item.  if  the  sketch  did  not  match  the  item,  it  was  rejected,  in  a  simple  go/no  go  procedure.  however,  manufacturers  soon  found  it  was  difficult  and  costly  to  make  parts  be  exactly  like  their  depiction;  hence  around  1840  tolerance  limits  were  introduced,  wherein
__label__productinspection a  design  would  function  if  its  parts  were  measured  to  be  within  the  limits.  quality  was  thus  precisely  defined  using  devices  such  as  plug  gauges  and  ring  gauges.  however,  this  did  not  address  the  problem  of  defective  items;  recycling  or  disposing  of  the  waste  adds  to  the  cost  of  production,  as  does  trying  to  reduce  the  defect  rate.  various  methods  have  been  proposed  to  prioritize  quality  control  issues  and  determine  whether  to  leave  them  unaddressed  or  use  quality  assurance  techniques  to  improve  and  stabilize  production.  notable  approaches  there  is  a  tendency  for  individual  consultants  and  organizations  to  name  their  own
__label__productinspection unique  approaches  to  quality  controla  few  of  these  have  ended  up  in  widespread  use:  in  project  management  in  project  management,  quality  control  requires  the  project  manager  and/or  the  project  team  to  inspect  the  accomplished  work  to  ensure  its  alignment  with  the  project  scope.  in  practice,  projects  typically  have  a  dedicated  quality  control  team  which  focuses  on  this  area.  see  also  analytical  quality  controlcorrective  and  preventative  action  capaeight  dimensions  of  qualityfirst  article  inspection  faigood  automated  manufacturing  practice  gampgood  manufacturing  practicequality  assurancequality  management  frameworkstandard  operating  procedure  sopqa/qc  references  this  article  incorporates  public  domain  material  from  the  general  services  administration  document  federal  standard
__label__productinspection 1037c  in  support  of  milstd188.  further  reading  radford,  george  s.  1922,  the  control  of  quality  in  manufacturing,  new  york:  ronald  press  co.,  oclc  1701274,  retrieved  16  november  2013shewhart,  walter  a.  1931,  economic  control  of  quality  of  manufactured  product,  new  york:  d.  van  nostrand  co.,  inc.,  oclc  1045408juran,  joseph  m.  1951,  qualitycontrol  handbook,  new  york:  mcgrawhill,  oclc  1220529western  electric  company  1956,  statistical  quality  control  handbook  1  ed.,  indianapolis,  indiana:  western  electric  co.,  oclc  33858387feigenbaum,  armand  v.  1961,  total  quality  control,  new  york:  mcgrawhill,  oclc  567344  external  links  astm  quality  control  standards
__label__productinspection product  recall  is  the  twentyfirst  episode  of  the  third  season  of  the  american  comedy  television  series  the  office,  and  the  shows  fortyninth  episode  overall.  the  series  depicts  the  everyday  lives  of  office  employees  in  the  scranton  branch  of  the  fictional  dunder  mifflin  paper  company.  in  this  episode,  the  company  deals  with  the  consequences  of  an  offending  watermark  that  appeared  on  several  reams  of  paper.  michael  scott  steve  carell  holds  a  poorly  attended  press  conference,  jim  halpert  john  krasinski  and  andy  bernard  ed  helms  head  to  a  high  school  that  printed  their  prom  invitations  on  the  paper  to  apologize,  and  creed
__label__productinspection frames  an  employee  at  the  paper  mill  to  keep  his  job.the  episode  was  written  by  justin  spitzer  and  brent  forrester,  and  was  directed  by  randall  einhorn,  the  series  director  of  photography.  the  cast  found  the  scene  in  which  jim  impersonates  dwight  schrute  rainn  wilson  to  be  hilarious  and  had  trouble  keeping  straight  faces,  forcing  multiple  takes.  the  episode  first  aired  in  the  united  states  on  april  26,  2007  on  nbc,  during  sweeps  week.  according  to  nielsen  media  research,  the  episode  was  watched  by  an  estimated  7.56  million  viewers,  earning  a  ratings  share  of  3.9/11  among  adults.  it  garnered  generally  positive
__label__productinspection critical  reception,  particularly  regarding  jim  and  dwights  impressions  of  each  other.  synopsis  in  the  cold  open,  jim  halpert  john  krasinski  shows  up  at  work  imitating  dwight  schrute  rainn  wilson  by  wearing  large  glasses,  a  short  sleeved  shirt  and  hair  split  on  his  forehead  and  pokes  fun  at  dwight.the  scranton  branch  of  dunder  mifflin  is  thrown  into  damage  control  mode  when  reams  of  paper  with  an  obscene  watermark  depicting  a  cartoon  duck  and  mouse  having  sex  are  shipped  to  customers.  michael  scott  steve  carell  holds  an  emergency  meeting  in  which  he  rebukes  creed  bratton  creed  brattonthe  branchs  quality  assurance  directorfor  failing
__label__productinspection to  catch  the  error,  tells  kelly  kapoor  mindy  kaling  to  train  the  accountants  to  handle  customer  support  calls,  and  sends  jim  and  andy  bernard  ed  helms  to  a  school  that  used  the  affected  paper  to  print  prom  invitations.  at  the  school,  andy  is  horrified  to  discover  that  his  girlfriend  is  a  student  there,  and  is  despondent  throughout  the  visit.  on  the  drive  back,  jim  cheers  him  up  by  initiating  an  a  capella  performance  of  the  lion  sleeps  tonight.to  save  his  job,  creed  calls  the  paper  mill  and,  with  careful  queries,  learns  that  a  debbie  brown  was  out  with  the  flu
__label__productinspection for  one  day  in  the  week  the  watermark  went  out.  he  frames  debbie  by  telling  dwight  she  failed  to  meet  with  him  and  gave  a  different  excuse  for  her  absence.  after  debbie  is  fired,  creed  passes  a  farewell  card  around  the  office  and  pockets  the  money  collected.michael  stages  an  apology  press  conference,  attended  by  just  one  local  news  reporter,  where  he  presents  barbara  allen  lisa  darr,  an  angry  customer,  with  a  novelty  check  for  free  paper.  she  instead  demands  michaels  resignation,  but  he  refuses  and  angrily  ejects  her  from  the  office.  now  facing  further  damage  control,  michael  makes  an  apology
__label__productinspection video  in  which  he  threatens  to  issue  paper  with  a  watermark  bearing  the  f  word  if  he  is  forced  to  resign.in  the  ending,  dwight  shows  up  to  the  office  imitating  jim,  but  jim  is  merely  impressed  with  the  accuracy  of  the  impersonation.  production  product  recall  was  written  by  staff  writer  justin  spitzer  and  consulting  producer  brent  forrester.  it  was  the  second  office  episode  to  be  directed  by  randall  einhorn,  a  former  director  of  survivor  who  also  worked  as  the  series  director  of  photography.  in  early  2007,  series  cocreator  greg  daniels  explained  to  an  audience  at  paleyfest  that  einhorns  direction  had
__label__productinspection become  a  character  in  the  show  because  he  has  an  enormous  amount  of  judgment/leeway  about  where  hes  looking.  and  often  what  adds  a  tremendous  amount  of  comedy  is  the  choosing  to  look  over  there  and  see  what  that  person  thinks  and  back  and  forth.  hes  definitely  a  hidden  character  on  the  show.in  an  april  2007  blog  post  for  tv  guide,  actress  kate  flannery,  who  plays  meredith  palmer,  called  jims  impression  of  dwight  one  of  the  funniest  scenes  that  i  have  ever  witnessed.  she  recalled  that  krasinski  and  wilson  enjoyed  filming  the  scene,  and  that  the  whole  cast  was  laughing  during
__label__productinspection it,  necessitating  many  takes.  the  scene  was  first  intended  for  the  seasons  twentysecond  episode,  womens  appreciation,  before  it  was  moved  to  product  recall  due  to  time  constraints.the  third  season  dvd  contains  several  scenes  that  were  deleted  from  the  final  cut  of  the  episode.  these  include  kelly  annoyingly  answering  calls  with  the  same  response,  dwight  contacting  cnn,  kelly  training  the  accountants,  creed  admitting  that  he  faked  his  own  death  for  tax  reasons,  michael  explaining  his  apology  to  angry  business  owner  barbara  allen,  angela  martin  angela  kinsey  and  kelly  arguing,  jim  talking  to  a  high  school  student,  and  more  scenes  of  michael
__label__productinspection filming  his  apology  video.  cultural  references  when  imitating  dwight,  jim  says  bears,  beets,  battlestar  galactica,  the  last  term  being  a  reference  to  the  reimagined  science  fiction  television  series.  later,  while  driving  andy  begins  a  rendition  of  drift  away,  and  jim  sings  the  lion  sleeps  tonight  to  cheer  him  up.  kelly  and  kevin  malone  brian  baumgartner  have  a  conversation  pretending  to  be  bridget  jones  and  the  crocodile  hunter,  respectively.  michael  worries  that  newsweek  and  cnn  will  pick  up  the  cartoon  scandal  story  from  the  scranton  times.  reception  product  recall  first  aired  in  the  united  states  on  april  26,  2007  during  the
__label__productinspection months  sweeps  week.  according  to  nielsen  media  research,  it  was  watched  by  an  estimated  7.56  million  viewers.  it  earned  a  ratings  share  of  3.9/11  among  adults,  meaning  that  it  was  seen  by  3.9  percent  of  all  18  to  49yearolds,  and  11  percent  of  all  18  to  49yearolds  watching  television  at  the  time  of  the  broadcast.  for  its  timeslot,  the  episode  finished  in  second  place  among  adults  behind  survivor:  fiji  and  in  first  place  among  men  aged  1834.  among  adults,  the  office  finished  in  nineteenth  place  for  the  week.igns  brian  zoromski  rated  product  recall  with  7.5  out  of  10,  an  indication
__label__productinspection of  a  good  episode.  he  thought  it  held  a  hitandmiss  mix  of  laughoutloud  moments  and  scenes  that  didnt  work  quite  as  well,  but  praised  the  obscene  cartoon  premise  for  being  hilarious.  zoromski  also  criticized  the  episode  for  being  unrealistic,  as  michael  dealt  with  the  problem  rather  than  corporate.  he  selected  creed  and  jim  for  particular  praise,  especially  liking  jims  dwight  impression.like  zoromski,  abby  west  of  entertainment  weekly  critiqued  the  episode  for  not  involving  corporate,  complaining  how  could  such  a  publicrelations  nightmare  not  lead  to  a  visit  or  a  phone  call  from  jan?  west  did  however  praise  jim  and  dwights  impressions
__label__productinspection of  each  other  as  perfect  bookendings.  writing  for  aol  tv,  jay  black  called  product  recall  wonderful  and  highlighted  the  jimdwight  impersonations  and  andys  discomfort  upon  discovering  his  girlfriend  was  a  high  school  student.  black  did  however  criticize  michaels  press  conference  as  overthetop  in  an  annoying  way  and  creeds  actions  as  way  over  the  line  and  despicable.  television  without  pity  graded  the  episode  with  an  a.  references  external  links  product  recall  at  nbc.comproduct  recall  on  imdbproduct  recall  at  tv.com
__label__productinspection in  the  prince2  project  management  method,  a  product  description  pdd  is  a  structured  format  that  presents  information  about  a  project  product.  it  is  a  management  product  document,  usually  created  by  the  project  manager  during  the  process  of  initiating  a  project  in  the  initial  stage  of  the  prince2  project  management  method.  it  is  approved  by  the  project  board  as  part  of  the  project  plan  documentation.it  should  not  be  confused  with  a  project  product  descriptionppd,  which  in  the  prince2  method  is  generated  in  the  start  up  process  of  the  preproject  stage,  and  forms  part  of  the  project  brief.  while  the  ppd  is
__label__productinspection related  to  finalist  productsthose  delivered  to  the  client  at  the  end  of  the  projectthe  pdd  refers  to  all  project  products,  including  intermediate  products  necessary  in  the  project  life  that  need  definition.for  example,  in  a  project  to  build  a  plane  wing,  the  finalist  product  is  the  actual  wing,  and  has  acceptance  criteria  defined  in  the  corresponding  ppd.  however,  the  project  may  require  simulations,  and  even  a  windtunnel  prototype  and  testing  rig.  those  are  intermediate  products,  not  handed  delivered  to  the  client.  however  they  are  still  subject  to  definitions  and  quality  criteria  that  is  detailed  in  the  corresponding  pdds.  therefore,  all  product
__label__productinspection contained  in  the  ppd  are  also  in  the  pdds,  but  not  the  other  way.the  structure  of  product  description,  according  to  prince2:identifiertitlepurposecompositionderivationformat  and  presentationdevelopment  skill  requiredquality  criteriaquality  tolerancesquality  methodquality  skills  requiredquality  responsibilities  see  also  list  of  project  management  topicsproject  plan  references
__label__productinspection product  classification  or  product  taxonomy  is  a  type  of  economic  taxonomy  which  organizes  products  for  a  variety  of  purposes.  however,  not  only  products  can  be  referred  to  in  a  standardized  way  but  also  sales  practices  in  form  of  the  incoterms  and  industries  can  be  classified  into  categories.some  standard  product  classifications  include:cpa  classification  of  products  by  activity,  a  product  nomenclature  that  was  used  in  the  european  economic  community  and  now  in  use  in  the  eu,  a  european  version  of  the  cpccpa  1996cpa  2002cpa  2008cpa  2.1cpc  central  product  classification,  a  united  nations  standard  classification  for  productsetim,  the  european  technical  information  modelglobal  classification
__label__productinspection and  harmonized  schedule  numbers  for  customs  classificationhs  harmonized  commodity  description  and  coding  systemsitc  standard  international  trade  classificationtrade  in  servicesunspsc,  the  united  nations  standard  products  and  services  codeiec  common  data  dictionary,  product  classifications  defined  by  the  international  electrotechnical  commissioneclss,  a  global  and  iso/iecconform  system  for  classification  and  description  of  products  and  services,  maintained  by  the  nongovernmental  eclss  e.v.  association  see  also  industry  classification  notes  references  cpa  2.1  at  the  eurostat  websiteunited  nations  statistical  commission,  international  family  of  economic  and  social  classifications,  p.  5  pdf
__label__productinspection product  analysis  involves  examining  product  features,  costs,  availability,  quality  and  other  aspects.  product  analysis  is  conducted  by  potential  buyers,  by  product  managers  attempting  to  understand  competitors  and  by  third  party  reviewers.product  analysis  can  also  be  used  as  part  of  product  design  to  convert  a  highlevel  product  description  into  project  deliverables  and  requirements.  it  involves  all  facets  of  the  product,  its  purpose,  its  operation,  and  its  characteristics.  techniques  related  techniques  include  product  breakdown,  systems  analysis,  systems  engineering,  value  engineering,  value  analysis  and  functional  analysis.product  breakdown:  recursively  divide  the  product  into  components  and  subcomponents.systems  engineering:  ensure  that  the  product  satisfies  customer  needs,
__label__productinspection cost  requirements,  and  quality  demands.value  engineering:  consider  alternative  designs  and  construction  techniques  to  reduce  cost/increase  profit.value  analysis:  assess  the  cost/quality  ratio  to  ensure  that  the  product  is  cost  effective.function  analysis:  ensure  that  the  product  has  features  appropriate  to  customer  requirements.  see  also  quality  function  deploymentrequirements  analysisvalue  engineering  references  external  links  product  analysis  and  evaluation
__label__productinspection featured  in  iot  inspector  is  a  platform  for  automated  security  analysis  of  iot  firmware.  this  is  the  first  simple  way  to  examine  the  iot  devices  firmware  for  vulnerabilities  without  requiring  access  to  source  code  or  network  or  physical  access  to  the  iot  device.  simply  upload  the  firmware,  start  the  analysis  and  a  few  minutes  later  the  results  will  be  available.  iot  devices  are  infiltrating  and  some  of  us  probably  cant  imagine  spending  a  day  without  them  any  more.  both  hardware  manufacturers  and  software  vendors  are  challenged  by  the  of  vulnerabilities  in  iot  devicesthat  goes  hand  in  hand  with  that  development.
__label__productinspection vulnerabilities  in  iot  devices  are  constantly  exploited  by  attackers  to  access  confidential  corporate  data,  steal  user  information  or  inject  dormant  malware.iot  inspector  is  the  necessary  tool  to  analyze  firmware  of  a  product  against  potential  threats.  iot  inspector  is  not  only  suitable  for  development  but  also  wonderful  for  teaching  because  it  allows  students  to  demonstrate  a  safety  security  analysis  of  the  software  on  their  own  iot  or  smart  home  devices  with  very  little  effort.  the  welldesigned  tool  provides  rapid  information  on  vulnerabilities.  in  summary,  iot  inspector  is  a  very  thoughtout  tool  for  developers.  iot  inspector  does  not  impact  my  production  systems.i
__label__productinspection dont  have  to  worry  about  any  legal/compliance/operations  headaches  before  starting  a  security  assessment  using  iot  inspector.  with  iot  inspector  i  can  act  before  my  devices  may  come  into  the  crosshairs  of  the  next  ddos  attack,  data  leak  or  network  intrusion.  i  love  it  cookie  preference  please  select  an  option.  you  can  find  more  information  about  the  consequences  of  your  choice  at  .  select  an  option  to  continue  your  selection  was  saved  help  help  to  continue,  you  must  make  a  cookie  selection.  below  is  an  explanation  of  the  different  options  and  their  meaning.  you  can  change  your  cookie  setting  here  anytime:
__label__productinspection iot  inspector  enables  you  to  efficiently  determine  security  risks  that  might  impact  your  business  legal  compliance,  reputation,  or  financial  status.  it  combines  more  than  10  years  of  firmware  vulnerability  research  and  experience  from  an  uncountable  amount  of  vulnerability  scans.  take  the  first  step  and  analyze  how  secure  your  iot  devices  really  are.  test  firmare  right  away.  iot  inspector  works  on  firmware,  which  is  usually  already  publicly  available  on  a  vendors  website.  catch  up  on  the  security  status  of  your  iot  devices  and  address  potential  cyber  exposure  gaps  in  your  firmware  before  they  are  exploited  by  attackers.  did  you  know?  the
__label__productinspection iot  inspector  is  a  cloudbased  vulnerability  scanning  platform  that  analyzes  the  firmware  of  iot  devices.  just  upload  the  firmware,  while  iot  inspector  does  the  heavy  lifting.  while  the  firmware  analysis  works  best  with  linuxbased  systems  which  covers  over  80  of  firmare  files  out  of  the  box,  the  platforms  vulnerability  detection  skills  are  os  agnostic.  go  to  the  iot  inspector  interface  and  choose  the  firmware  file  to  be  inspected,  e.g.  a  firmware  image,  update  file  or  a  flash  dump.  alternatively,  you  can  embed  the  iot  inspector  into  existing  continuous  integration  tools  or  vulnerability  management  processes  and  make  use  of  the  powerful
__label__productinspection api  to  upload  firmware.  after  uploading,  iot  inspector  will  start  extraction  of  all  elements  of  the  firmware  file,  including  archives,  filesystems  and  compressed  data.  the  extraction  process  is  recursive  and  can  therefore  extract  multiple  layers  of  data.  he  will  then  look  for  vulnerabilities  such  as:  iot  inspector  results  are  enriched  with  threat  intelligence  from  shodan  and  the  nist  nvd.  after  iot  inspector  is  done  with  your  firmware,  you  will  be  presented  with  a  detailed  report.  all  results  and  can  be  accessed  online  or  downloaded  in  several  formats  to  suit  your  needs.  detailed  reporting  features  include:  test  it  right  away  the
__label__productinspection world  of  iot  is  expanding.  so  are  the  risks.  cookie  preference  please  select  an  option.  you  can  find  more  information  about  the  consequences  of  your  choice  at  .  select  an  option  to  continue  your  selection  was  saved  help  help  to  continue,  you  must  make  a  cookie  selection.  below  is  an  explanation  of  the  different  options  and  their  meaning.  you  can  change  your  cookie  setting  here  anytime:  .  back
__label__productinspection iot  inspector  was  initially  developed  as  an  inhouse  tool  for  manual  iot  device  pentesting  projects.  over  the  years,  it  advanced  to  a  mature  firmware  analysis  platform  used  by  enterprises,  infrastructure  providers,  manufacturers,  consultancies,  and  researchers  worldwide.  as  of  2018,  over  8  billion  iot  devices  are  connected  to  the  internet.  by  2020,  that  number  is  expected  to  exceed  20  billion  gartner  2017.  smart  machines,  networked  devices,  new  firmware  every  purchase  and  change  in  the  system  bears  the  risk  of  additional  security  vulnerabilities.  the  everincreasing  complexity  of  connected  devices  and  the  demand  for  security  compliance  in  iot  simply  called  for  a  more
__label__productinspection efficient  risk  assessment  approach.  drop  us  a  line  at  or  apply  for  one  of  the  current  vacancies:  supported  by  strong  partners  automatically  discover  vulnerabilities  and  security  risks  before  attackers  exploit  them  cookie  preference  please  select  an  option.  you  can  find  more  information  about  the  consequences  of  your  choice  at  .  select  an  option  to  continue  your  selection  was  saved  help  help  to  continue,  you  must  make  a  cookie  selection.  below  is  an  explanation  of  the  different  options  and  their  meaning.  you  can  change  your  cookie  setting  here  anytime:  .  back
__label__productinspection highlights  of  the  3rd  iot  fachkongress  2019this  years  iot  press  releaseiot  security  in  luxembourg:  the  cybersecurity  press  releaseiot  inspector  at  itsa  2019:  better  safe  than  sorryto  door  opener  iot:  90  percent  of  firmware  files  contain  critical  press  releaseiot  inspector  at  itsa  2019:  light  in  the  dark  with  press  releaseiot  inspector:  expansion  of  brand  communication  in  huawei  cryptographic  keys  embedded  in  ciscos  firmwarethings  march  15,  2019  is  internationally  recognized  as  world  consumer  rights  cookie  preference  please  select  an  option.  you  can  find  more  information  about  the  consequences  of  your  choice  at  .  select  an  option  to  continue  your  selection  was  saved
__label__productinspection iot  inspector  will  use  the  information  you  provide  on  this  form  to  be  in  touch  with  you  and  to  provide  updates  and  marketing  about  iot  inspector.  please  let  us  know  all  the  ways  you  would  like  to  hear  from  us:  you  can  change  your  mind  at  any  time  by  clicking  the  unsubscribe  link  in  the  footer  of  any  email  you  receive  from  us,  or  by  contacting  us  at  officeiotinspector.com.  we  will  treat  your  information  with  respect.  by  clicking  below,  you  agree  that  we  may  process  your  information  in  accordance  with  these  terms.we  care  about  your  privacy.  read  more  about  it
__label__productinspection here:  r.secconsult.com/iotprivacypolicy  we  use  mailchimp  as  our  marketing  platform.  by  clicking  below  to  subscribe,  you  acknowledge  that  your  information  will  be  transferred  to  mailchimp  for  processing.  cookie  preference  please  select  an  option.  you  can  find  more  information  about  the  consequences  of  your  choice  at  .  select  an  option  to  continue  your  selection  was  saved  help  help  to  continue,  you  must  make  a  cookie  selection.  below  is  an  explanation  of  the  different  options  and  their  meaning.  you  can  change  your  cookie  setting  here  anytime:  .  back
__label__productinspection traditional  production  quality  inspections  are  expensive,  timeconsuming  and  errorprone.  advanced  analytics,  machine  learning  and  ai  technologies  powered  by  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  identify  potential  quality  problems  earlier  and  more  definitively  than  ever  before.  apply  the  benefits  of  industry  4.0  to  reduce  defects,  lower  costs,  and  ultimately  improve  production  yields.  actual  qualityrelated  costs  can  be  as  high  as  15  to  20  percent  of  sales  revenue  and  40  percent  of  total  operations.  learn  how  ai  is  becoming  the  eyes  and  ears  of  quality  management.  find  quality  problems  faster  and  reduce  costly  false  alarms.  get  credible  alerts  you  can  act  on  quickly,
__label__productinspection using  far  fewer  data  points,  to  improve  quality.  bring  the  power  of  ai  to  your  inspection  line.  accurately  see  where  the  points  of  failure  are  so  you  can  continuously  improve  over  time.  combine  acoustic  data  with  machine  learning  and  ai  technology  to  recognize  and  detect  quality  defects  and  equipment  malfunctions.  predict  failures  so  your  factories  are  safer,  smarter  and  more  efficient.  use  prescriptive  analytics  to  improve  the  quality  of  manufacturing  processes,  materials,  components  and  products  transform  visual  inspection  to  reduce  production  costs,  using  machine  learning,  edge  processing,  image  capture  and  human  expertise  use  ai  algorithms  for  realtime  acoustic  recognition  and
__label__productinspection early  detection  of  equipment  degradation  to  take  production  to  the  next  level,  shenzhen  china  star  optoelectronics  technology  co.,  ltd.  partnered  with  ibm  to  accelerate  and  automate  product  inspections  boosting  production  quality  and  throughput,  while  cutting  costs
__label__productinspection iot  is  no  longer  a  vision  of  the  distant  future  it  has  arrived  and  is  growing  rapidly.  in  2017,  the  number  of  connected  devices  overtook  the  worlds  population  of  7  billion.  it  is  projected  to  reach  .  this  brings  the  iot  market  worth  from  over  the  span  of  less  than  15  years.  this  strong  growth  trajectory  makes  it  a  market  that  cannot  be  ignored  but  with  the  potential  of  high  rewards  comes  the  potential  of  high  risk  if  projects  are  not  executed  with  care.  to  quote  one  of  gartners  principal  research  analyst,  ganesh  ramamoorthy,  based  on  the  high  failure  rate,
__label__productinspection its  paramount  for  organizations  and  it  professionals  to  understand  the  key  challenges  of  bringing  iot  products  to  market  while  also  knowing  the  timeline  and  processes  for  success.  iot  product  development  guide  bringing  iot  products  to  market:  key  challenges  roadmap  for  iot  product  development  qwrxsm:  providing  full  iot  product  development  support  from  idea  to  tangible  product  regardless  of  industry,  product  development  is  an  iterative  process,  each  stage  presenting  its  own  set  of  challenges.  some  of  the  key  challenges  of  iot  projects  cited  by  it  professionals  today  are  listed  below.  the  cost  of  an  iot  project  can  vary  from  thousands  to  millions
__label__productinspection of  dollars,  depending  on  the  scale.  there  are  a  lot  of  moving  parts  and  components  that  make  up  the  final  product,  and  each  needs  to  be  managed  strategically.  the  development  of  hardware  usually  amounts  to  about  7080  of  the  total  project  cost.  the  costliness  of  hardware  development  is  a  big  reason  why  most  tech  startups  you  see  today  are  software  focused.  in  addition  to  the  obvious  design  cost  of  analysis,  modeling,  prototyping,  and  testing,  another  major  cost  contributor  is  the  hardware  certification.  after  taking  into  consideration  regulation  categories  such  as  environment  and  electrical  safety,  communication  protocols,  and  other  productspecific  requirements,
__label__productinspection the  certification  price  could  easily  come  to  10,000  on  the  low  end.  your  software  costs  will  comprise  of  infrastructure  and  application  costs.  in  terms  of  infrastructure,  your  iot  product  will  require  a  highly  scalable  wireless  network  infrastructure,  cloudbased  or  data  center  infrastructure,  and  potentially  middleware  if  you  will  be  incorporating  a  readymade  thirdparty  gadget  into  your  ecosystem.  as  for  application  costs,  it  can  vary  depending  on  the  number  of  supported  platforms,  integration  of  thirdparty  solutions,  data  ingestion  sources  and  requirements,  as  well  as  security  standards.  a  more  efficient  approach  is  to  build  a  prototype  that  will  be  sufficient  to  build
__label__productinspection a  business  case,  and  then  spending  time  after  to  build  out  a  cost  reduction  plan.  this  will  enable  you  to  get  your  product  in  front  of  potential  customers  to  receive  feedback  which  will  shape  the  product  release  roadmap.  the  iot  market  waits  for  no  one  any  extra  step  you  take  in  getting  this  feedback  cycle  will  increase  your  time  to  market.  before  diving  into  your  iot  project,  it  is  important  to  have  a  full  overview  of  the  entire  product  development  roadmap.  an  understanding  of  what  each  stage  entails  will  prevent  unexpected  setbacks  down  the  road  that  could  drive  up  costs
__label__productinspection and  slow  down  timetomarket,  which  could  lead  to  project  failure.  below  is  a  full  rundown  of  the  iot  product  development  roadmap.  product  development  begins  with  customer  needs  and  new  functionality,  and  then  finding  the  right  technology  to  address  them.  before  even  touching  the  planning  phase,  determine  the  requirements  and  functionality  of  your  product,  and  be  specific.  this  foundational  step,  if  not  done  with  due  diligence,  will  set  back  your  project  timeline.  iot  projects  are  unique  in  the  sense  that  a  certain  project  toolkit  is  meant  to  solve  specific  problems  with  specific  conditions.  discovering  you  need  something  down  the  road  that
__label__productinspection you  did  not  predetermine,  will  require  significant  retooling.  to  preempt  this,  determine  from  the  beginning  what  your  product  needs  are  in  terms  of  data  requirements,  size,  format,  ecosystem,  and  the  likes  both  from  a  hardware  and  software  standpoint.  once  youve  established  your  product  requirements,  you  should  be  able  to  identify  project  areas  that  will  place  too  much  weight  on  your  internal  teams  shoulders.  in  those  areas,  instead  of  straining  your  internal  team,  look  to  outsourcing.  commonly  outsourced  services  are  manufacturing  and  it.  be  sure  to  properly  vet  your  potential  partners  to  ensure  they  have  a  successful  track  record  and  the
__label__productinspection capability  to  meet  your  project  requirements.  youll  also  want  to  ensure  you  and  your  partner  both  have  an  understanding  of  your  projects  goals  and  have  a  clear  communication  process.  this  stage  entails  defining  the  architecture  of  the  overall  system  with  two  key  activities.  the  first  activity  is  identifying  and  assessing  risk,  which  means  anticipating  potential  points  of  failure  within  the  project.  by  taking  into  account  product  requirements  and  the  risk  assessment,  design  the  product  development  plan  to  map  out  project  roles,  tasks,  budgets,  constraints,  and  timelines.  this  is  also  the  stage  where  youll  want  to  engage  key  stakeholders  namely  the
__label__productinspection ceo,  cfo,  and  cmo  to  get  their  buyin  as  well  as  input.  your  plan  should  include  conceptualizing  your  product  to  give  your  entire  team  a  clear  picture  of  what  the  end  product  should  look  like.  the  development  phase  is  the  execution  of  the  product  plan  which  takes  into  account  the  requirements  established  and  system  architecture  designed  to  realize  your  iot  product.  this  stage  is  where  detailed  engineering  comes  in  by  first  creating  3d  designs  of  your  product,  validating  and  refining  primary  product  features,  and  finally  developing  the  prototype.  while  your  prototype  may  not  quite  be  marketready,  you  should  get  it
__label__productinspection into  the  hands  of  users  early  and  often  to  get  feedback.  test  setup  and  installation,  user  experience,  design,  and  usability.  use  those  findings  to  finetune  features  for  mass  production.  another  step  in  this  testing  stage  is  also  to  validate  your  network  of  components  and  production  suppliers.  doing  due  diligence  in  this  stage  will  add  to  cost,  but  nearly  as  much  as  a  product  recall  can.  your  end  goal  here  is  to  have  productionready  prototypes.  the  key  goal  of  this  phase  is  to  get  the  first  batch  ready  to  ship.  your  design  and  firmware  should  be  set  in  stone  at  this
__label__productinspection point  to  allow  your  manufacturing  team  or  partners  to  load  and  test  them  before  they  are  assembled  into  the  final  product.  given  that  production  bottlenecks  and  setbacks  are  common  in  this  the  massproduction  stage,  monitoring  and  tracking  of  the  production  line  are  crucial.  the  final  stage  in  product  development  itself  is  the  logistics  support.  this  usually  entails  transferring  most  production  responsibility  to  manufacturing  teams.  this  includes  quality  control  processes,  documentation  control,  and  the  production  planning.  now  that  your  product  has  been  released  into  the  market,  you  need  to  monitor  and  analyze  product  data  generated  through  your  iot  platform  to  improve
__label__productinspection the  next  iteration  of  your  product.  this  stage  also  entails  handling  product  updates  in  a  manner  that  will  not  disrupt  usability.  your  iot  product  lifecycle  management  should  be  conducted  through  a  single,  centralized  platform  to  ensure  smooth  sailing  in  your  product  launch.  rolling  out  a  successful  iot  product  is  no  easy  feat.  from  the  ideation  stage,  all  the  way  to  production  lies  multiple  points  of  potential  failure,  hence  why  eight  out  of  ten  iot  projects  fail  even  before  launch.  to  attain  success  that  has  eluded  many  companies,  youll  need  to  be  strategic  in  your  approach.  recognize  that  there  are  too
__label__productinspection many  moving  parts  within  an  iot  project  and  that  it  is  improbable  that  your  it  team  will  be  able  to  take  on  everything.  set  yourself  up  for  success  by  establishing  an  it  partnership  to  transform  your  ideas  into  a  tangible,  marketworthy  product.
__label__productinspection powered  by  researchers  at  princeton  university  have  released  ,  a  tool  that  analyzes  the  security  and  privacy  of  iot  devices  by  examining  the  data  they  send  across  the  internet.  theyve  already  used  the  tool  to  study  a  bunch  of  different  iot  devices.  from  their  :  finding  3:  many  iot  devices  contact  a  large  and  diverse  set  of  third  parties  in  many  cases,  consumers  expect  that  their  devices  contact  manufacturers  servers,  but  communication  with  other  thirdparty  destinations  may  not  be  a  behavior  that  consumers  expect.  we  have  found  that  many  iot  devices  communicate  with  thirdparty  services,  of  which  consumers  are  typically
__label__productinspection unaware.  we  have  found  many  instances  of  thirdparty  communications  in  our  analyses  of  iot  device  network  traffic.  some  examples  include:  we  also  looked  at  a  number  of  other  devices,  such  as  samsung  smart  camera  and  tplink  smart  plug,  and  found  communications  with  third  parties  ranging  from  ntp  pools  time  servers  to  video  storage  services.  their  first  two  findings  are  that  many  iot  devices  lack  basic  encryption  and  authentication  and  that  user  behavior  can  be  inferred  from  encrypted  iot  device  traffic.  no  surprises  there.  boingboing  .  related:  iot  .  tags:  ,  ,  44  comments  hmmm,  count  me  unsurprised.  when  i  evaluated
__label__productinspection windows  10  three  years  ago  and  put  tcpdump  on  the  wire,  it  connected  to  39  servers  around  the  world,  when  it  was  just  sitting  there  supposedly  doing  nothing  at  all.  iot  crap  again.  all  they  need  to  do  is  pay  a  scriptkiddie  to  point  a  kali  box  at  these  things  and  find  the  holes  to  plug.  but  nope,  the  manufacturers  dont  bother.  either  that  or  nobody  in  management  has  any  clue  about  technology.  its  likely  the  latter.  the  reason  the  samsung  tv  connects  to  all  of  those  sites  is  that  the  apps  are  preinstalled,  which  is  fine,  but  usually  uninstallable,
__label__productinspection which  isnt.  i  was  impressed  by  one  item  on  the  iot  hall  of  shame  linked  from  the  end  of  bruces  post:  oh,  swell.  soon  we  can  expect  an  epidemic  of  the  opposite  of  wardriving:  teledildonics  driving.  involuntarily  inflicted  whoopee.  i  can  work  around  tvs  that  want  to  phone  home  by  disallowing  the  connection,  and  doing  firmware  upgrades  by  usb.  but  when  the  tv  wont  work  out  of  the  box  without  the  surveillance  connection,  then  theres  a  problem.  ofrm  they  can  market  that  vulnerability  as  a  feature  the  old  adage:  its  not  a  bug....  methinks  it  could  be  appealing  to  a
__label__productinspection clientele  with  certain  fetishes.  stine  none  of  it  is  fine.  even  preinstalled  things  should  not  phone  home  unless  the  user  is  actually  interested  in  using  the  service.  as  it  is  now,  the  massive  data  sharing  creates  a  large  and  expanding  attack  surface  of  who  owns  what,  and  quite  possibly  metadata  of  their  usage  habits.  now  you  have  to  not  only  worry  about  how  insecure  an  iot  manufacturers  products/services  are,  you  have  to  worry  about  how  insecure  all  these  thirdparty  servers  are.  one  successful  hack  on  any  of  them  and  youre  on  your  way  to  being  part  of  a  botnet.  in
__label__productinspection a  way,  its  like  email.  the  more  people  who  know  you  as  meexample.com,  the  more  likely  it  is  that  your  address  will  leak  and  start  receiving  spam,  and  its  too  late  to  close  the  barn  door.  but  giving  each  contact  a  disposable  email  like  meyouexample.com  means  that  not  only  will  the  spread  of  the  main  address  be  minimized,  it  allows  you  to  attribute  the  leak  to  a  particular  party.  its  sad  that  basic  lessons  like  this,  learned  over  decades  of  work  by  security  professionals,  are  being  ignored  by  incompetent  iot  developers.  some  think  that  gdpr  is  going  to  change  things,
__label__productinspection including  the  practise  that  hardware  vendors  dont  care  about  their  devices  phoning  home  even  if  this  is  not  their  own  intent,  but  the  apps  they  use/preinstall.  i  dont  think  that  gdpr  will  bring  any  change  in  this  regard.  even  if  phoning  home  includes  some  personal  information  eg.  a  mobile  phone  sends  the  imei  to  a  chinese  server  ...  and  im  not  even  sure  whether  an  imei  counts  as  personal  info  ...  it  can  be  tied  to  a  person,  but  in  theory  only  by  the  cellular  network  provider,  the  authorities  will  not  bother  to  go  after  the  responsible  party.  itll  be
__label__productinspection difficult  to  actually  determine  whos  fault  is  the  violation:  the  hardware  manufacturer  or  some  3rd  party  supplier  firmware,  driver,  app,  etc..  mzso  i  believe  eu  case  law  has  determined  that  a  persons  ip  address  is  their  personal  property.  i  understand  this  is  why  a  lot  of  sites  that  published  ip  address  with  comments  stopped  doing  this.  wikipedia  went  in  the  exact  opposite  direction.  i  expect  the  imei  code  is  no  different.  as  an  imei  is  personally  identifying  information  and  has  risks  attached  my  understanding  under  uk  case  at  least  is  that  improperly  divulging  it  is  unlawful.  i  disagree  with  the
__label__productinspection idea  which  is  very  popular  lately  of  spreading  the  blame  around  so  it  is  difficult  to  identify  responsibilty.  the  gdpr  is  like  any  major  piece  of  human  rights  legislation.  an  idea  can  be  made  concrete  in  a  moment  but  it  can  take  years,  decades  even,  for  organisations  and  society  to  change.  timh,  ...but  when  the  tv  wont  work  out  of  the  box  without  the  surveillance  connection,  then  theres  a  problem....  a  problem  for  the  store  you  bought  it  from  when  they  have  to  refund  your  money.  do  you  know  of  any  case  of  this  happening?  imagine  a  world  where  it
__label__productinspection says  right  on  the  box,  this  tv  requires  an  internet  connection.  .  ..  .  ..  ....  ok,  guys...  what  exactly  does  phone  home  mean?  if  i  serve  an  image  from  another  site,  is  my  site  phoning  home  to  that  other  site???  so,  then...  99.9999  of  all  web  sites  phone  home  to  dozens  or  more  of  other  third  party  sites...  is  this  what  you  mean?  its  just  such  a  common  practice  to  grab  content  from  anywhere  on  the  whole  web  and  serve  it,  thats  why  it  is  called  a  web  to  begin  with  besides  the  whole  hyperlink  thing...  but,  using  the
__label__productinspection term  phone  home  makes  it  sound  much  much  more  sinister  than  that...  so  surely  everyone  here  means  something  more  than  just  basic  usage  of  the  internet?  granted,  part  of  the  problem  is  that  even  totally  innocent  image  serving  can  be  used  for  sinister  purposes  which  are  not  in  your  control  if  you  dont  control  the  image...  so  this  is  really  the  crux  of  the  issue,  its  a  basic  design  of  the  web,  not  that  were  aghast  that  everyones  willfully  doing  sinister  things...  ok...  this  whole  idea  that  an  ip  address  is  personal  property  i.e.  private  data,  not  to  be  shared,
__label__productinspection by  law  again,  what  does  this  mean?  at  its  maximal  extent,  it  means  the  whole  internet  must  be  shut  off  at  least,  in  europe....  by  law...  later  this  month...  is  this  really  what  you  mean?  for  anything  to  communicate  with  anything  else,  it  must  necessarily  publish  its  ip  address.  if  that  is  illegal,  then  the  whole  internet  is  illegal...  yep...  everything.  so...  surely  we  dont  mean  that,  right?  or  maybe  you  mean,  only  by  knowing  consent...  first,  how  many  users  even  know  that  theyre  publishing  an  ip  address  when  they  click  around  on  things...  and  second,  are  you  really  intending
__label__productinspection to  outlaw  all  automated  processes  non  explicitly  userinitiated  that  use  the  internet  in  any  way,  shape,  or  form????  what  kind  of  breakage  are  you  willing  to  go  for,  for  your  ultimate  security...  if  you  really  want  that,  turn  off  all  electronics,  and  dont  come  back...  ever...  is  this  what  regulators  really  want?  i  doubt  it...  albert  this  tv  requires  an  internet  connection.  ...  do  you  know  of  any  case  of  this  happening?  ever  heard  of  netflix  or  a  roku  player?  or  even  youtube...  these  are  the  modern  tv  tuners.  and  people  buy  up  livingroom  hardware  devices  for  these  like  candy,
__label__productinspection knowing  that  they  require  an  internet  connection...  because  theyre  sick  and  tired  of  the  cable  company  monopoly  on  what  they  can  watch  and  the  ridiculous  amount  they  charge...  and  no,  theyre  not  going  back  to  rabbit  ears,  the  number  of  local  stations  is  shrinking  with  the  internet  taking  over  phone  home  the  issue  of  an  internet  address  or  imei  or  similar  label  being  private  property  and/or  private  information  is  dependent  on  context.  its  about  respecting  the  rights  a  person  has  at  that  point  in  time  and  not  using  the  information  in  a  way  which  disregards  those  rights.  everyone  in  possession
__label__productinspection of  this  data  whether  they  be  a  site  owner  or  communciations  company  have  data  at  rest  and  transit  responsibilities  too.  both  respect  and  responsibility  can  work  together  so  there  is  no  issue  with  the  internet  becoming  unlawful  or  unworkable.  i  have  posted  links  about  abuses  in  healthcare  and  law  enforcement  who  throw  up  their  hands  in  despair  or  bury  their  ignorant  heads  in  the  sand  when  faced  with  similar  beaurocratic  issues.  complain  and  the  bully  sticks  come  out  or  they  stick  their  grubby  mittens  out  for  more  resources  a.k.a  money.  i  have  to  laugh...  one  uk  state  sector  manager  who
__label__productinspection in  law  had  additional  liabilities  because  they  were  professionally  qualified  and  regulated  i  spoke  with  a  few  weeks  ago  when  challenged  said  they  were  not  a  solutions  person.  their  answer  to  a  failure  of  standards  and  professional  negligience  was  fill  in  a  complaint  form.  the  complaint  form  very  neatly  went  to  a  another  department  in  another  building  who  would  pass  it  to  another  department  in  another  building  with  umpteen  levels  of  management  and  a  six  layer  deep  i  kid  you  not  complaint  investigations  process  which  became  weaker  and  weaker  as  you  uncovered  the  deeply  buried  policies  dictating  this.  oh,  and
__label__productinspection they  forgot  to  mention  there  is  a  mandatory  management  standards  rsponsibility  to  report  abuse  and  also  a  mandatory  abuse  investigations  policy  which  must  be  actioned.  their  failure  for  this  lands  on  them.  whoops.  there  really  is  little  excuse  of  not  making  it  work.  echo  oh,  so  with  the  gdpr,  sharing  an  ip  address  is  fine,  as  long  as  its  done  respectfully?  do  you  know  how  internet  routers  work?  they  just  share  the  information,  without  regards  to  respectfulness  or  laws  or  privacy  rights...  in  fact,  on  the  internet,  with  everything  you  do  or  some  hidden  automated  process  does,  your  private  ip
__label__productinspection address  is  shared  with  dozens  of  different  companies  that  you  have  no  personal  relationship  with...  all  without  your  knowledge.  all  without  respect  to  any  laws  or  privacy  rights.  this  is  the  basic  way  of  how  packets  are  routed.  but  this  is  all  ok..  because...  why?  because  of  no  evil  intent?  or  maybe  the  fact  that  you  hooked  up  to  the  internet  in  the  first  place  is  considered  consent  to  all  this?  though  i  can  hardly  argue  that  most  people  understand  this,  and  gave  informed  consent  to  that  much  data  sharing...  most  people  probably  think  things  are  far  more  direct  and
__label__productinspection private  than  they  really  are  on  the  internet.  try  running  traceroute  and  see  the  dozen  or  two  companies  that  just  saw  your  ip  address.  this  is  what  happens  every  single  time  you  connect  to  anything.  im  not  claiming  theres  an  excuse  for  refusing  to  obey  the  law.  im  suggesting  that  if  sharing  ip  addresses  is  illegal  then  the  law  may  be  so  broadly  worded,  as  to  make  the  whole  internet  illegal  in  europe.  so  theres  one  clear  way  to  obey  the  law:  turn  it  off.  all  of  it.  for  the  whole  continent.  no  excuse.  or...  maybe  sharing  ip  addresses  isnt
__label__productinspection that  illegal  after  all?  if  theres  some  sort  of  middle  ground  where  sharing  ip  addresses  is  fine  in  certain  circumstances,  but  highly  illegal  in  others..  what  are  the  rules?  what  are  the  exceptions?  how  do  i  know?  motivation  and  intent  and  anything  else  that  ultimately  requires  mind  reading  doesnt  really  sound  concrete  enough  of  an  answer  to  me...  when  your  geeni  smart  light  bulb  cheats  on  you  and  your  halo  smart  detector  is  a  smoke  screen  its  time  to  decide  if  its  just  a  case  of  deja  vous  or  its  high  time  to  blurt  out  something  obscene.  phone  home  your
__label__productinspection questions  seem  disingenuous,  but  lets  play  your  game.  it  means  someone  else  directing  your  hardware/software  to  contact  their  server.  it  may  be  legitimate,  or  it  may  be  a  hacker  who  has  made  your  device  part  of  a  botnet.  no,  since  it  is  under  your  control  to  make  that  link.  the  users  of  your  site  have  no  control  of  that,  though,  so  it  may  very  well  be  the  case  that  your  web  bug  is  doing  unwelcome  things.  yes,  that  is  the  major  problem.  companies  large  and  small  can  scoop  up  that  metadata,  do  analytics,  and  invasively  monitor  your  behavior  online.  just
__label__productinspection because  99.9999  of  sites  do  it  doesnt  mean  its  ok.  no.  im  not  going  to  speak  for  the  specifics  of  the  european  law,  but  the  fact  is  that  an  ip  address  is  one  piece  of  information  that  can  be  used  to  deanonymize  an  individual.  how  many  identifying  bits  it  represents  depends  on  a  lot  of  factors.  some  countries/organizations  may  choose  to  err  on  the  side  of  caution  because  many  companies  are  doing  everything  they  can  to  correlate  all  the  identifying  information  they  can  find  on  people.  impossibly  stupid  my  intent  is  not  to  be  disingenuous...  its  just  that,  were  going
__label__productinspection omg,  devices  are  phoning  home  like  this  is  some  terrible  thing,  and  im  going,  wait  a  minute,  the  whole  internet  is  fundamentally  flawed  and  therefore  at  great  criminal  prosecution  risk  every  single  site,  program,  or  company  that  uses  it,  if  the  problem  is  as  basic  as  loading  any  resource  from  a  third  party  or  sharing  any  ip  address...  i  realize  that  isps  and  others  have  been  riding  the  gravy  train  for  years  selling  our  browsing  habits  to  hundreds  to  thousands  of  companies  to  market  to  us,  and  the  intent  of  this  new  law  is  to  curtail  that...  but  if  its
__label__productinspection too  broadly  worded,  then  the  law  could  end  up  worse  than  the  disease,  making  all  kinds  of  innocuous  activities  illegal  too  such  as  routing  ip  packets,  serving  web  pages  that  have  any  third  party  content,  etc...  my  intent  is  to  either  raise  alarm  over  this,  or  stir  up  enough  discussion  that  im  proved  wrong  on  this  point.  so  far  ive  seen  people  claim  im  wrong,  but  i  havent  seen  any  evidence  or  really  convincing  arguments  that  i  am.  just  because  this  kind  of  reading  of  the  law  is  ridiculous  doesnt  guarantee  its  a  reading  that  wont  be  used  by  courts.
__label__productinspection why  is  there  so  much  of  a  rush  to  put  smart  technology  in  everything  from  kettles  to  lawnmowers?  i  have  a  fridge  that  is  just  a  fridge,  a  washing  machine  that  is  just  a  washing  machine,  a  tv  that  is  just  a  tv  32  samsung  lcd  in  this  case  and  a  bog  standard  key  operated  lock  on  my  front  door  and  thats  exactly  the  way  i  like  it.  the  only  networked  devices  i  own  are  my  netgear  router,  my  desktop  pc  and  my  nokia  n900.  dahua  is  also  a  security  camera  manufacturer,  although  amcrests  website  makes  no  references  to  dahua.
__label__productinspection amcrest  is  a  dahua  oem,  thats  no  secret  and  never  has  been.  their  cameras  use  dyndns,  if  you  enable  it,  for  easy  setup  for  people  who  arent  familiar  with  reconfiguring  their  routers  and  whatnot.  they  also  contact  amazon  cloud,  which  hosts  video  footage  if  youve  signed  up  for  that.  phone  home  at  its  maximal  extent,  it  means  the  whole  internet  must  be  shut  off  at  least,  in  europe....  by  law...  later  this  month...  is  this  really  what  you  mean?  ill  assume  you  really  do  not  know  what  this  is  all  about.  let  us  take  this  blog  as  an  example.  the
__label__productinspection server  running  this  blog  gets  my  ip  address,  the  pages  i  read,  and  the  comments  i  make.  the  ip  address  can  be  traced  back  to  my  person.  it  must  be  clear  to  anyone  who  can  think  that  this  means  that  the  people  running  this  server  know  what  type  of  articles  i  read,  and  what  i  think  about  them.  they  can  also  deduce  my  political  opinion  from  my  reading  and  my  comments.  if  this  is  not  private  information  what  is?  the  gdpr  says  that  the  mere  fact  that  they  obtain  these  data  does  not  mean  they  are  free  to  do  with
__label__productinspection it  what  they  like.  according  to  eu  law,  these  data  are  still  mine,  wherever  they  reside.  therefore,  the  people  behind  this  blog  and  its  infrastructure  are  not  allowed  to  store  or  use  these  data  for  anything  else  than  serving  me  these  pages  unless  i  explicitly  consent  to  the  storage  or  use.  even  then,  i  still  have  control  over  the  use  of  my  data  and  can  retract  my  consent  at  any  time.  all  this  means  that  websites  and  companies  are  not  allowed  to  store  or  use  ip  addresses  except  for  the  immediate  goals  of  serving  up  web  pages  and,  possibly,  securing
__label__productinspection the  proper  use  of  their  services.  it  is  absolutely  forbidden  to  share  ip  addresses  with  third  parties  unless  there  is  a  legal  reason  to  do  so,  e.g.,  consent,  contract,  or  legitimate  requests  from  law  enforcement.  now,  what  is  difficult  about  this?  from  the  list  of  remote  exploits,  this  was  interesting:  .  seriously?  attacked  by  a  carwash?  what  next,  an  internetconnected  lawnmower?  this  was  supposed  to  be  only  a  song,  not  reality:  every  breath  you  take  every  move  you  make  every  bond  you  break  every  step  you  take  ill  be  watching  you  bruce  as  far  as  i  can  tell,  boingboing  slightly
__label__productinspection misreported  this,  and  you  have  pickedup  the  same  mistake.  princeton  have  released  findings  discovered  using  their  tool,  but  not  actually  released  the  tool  itself.  phone  home  no,  we  are  not  doing  that.  people  are  just  showing  rational  concern  for  how  this  issue  has  expanded  into  the  iot  space.  only  you  are  acting  like  a  chicken  little,  which  i  maintain  is  at  best  disingenuous.  such  is  the  nature  of  many  laws.  but  this  article  is  not  about  any  laws,  so  rasing  that  issue  only  serves  to  derail  the  discussion  of  iot  security.  and  youre  not  raising  any  new  alarms  when  you
__label__productinspection say  laws  can  be  abused;  some  would  argue  that  they  are  often  ambiguously  worded  specifically  to  do  just  that.  save  it  for  a  blog  that  discusses  eu  laws,  ideally  one  with  lawyers  that  actually  know  the  law  better  than  to  get  outraged  by  a  misunderstood  interpretation/opinion  of  said  laws.  just  because  you  remain  unconvinced  says  nothing.  it  is  not  the  responsibility  of  the  world  to  make  sense  to  our  limited  understanding  of  it.  winter  now,  what  is  difficult  about  this?  well,  its  difficult  in  that  an  ip  address  especially  as  it  get  propagated  over  the  internet  isnt  really  a  personal
__label__productinspection identifier.  it  gives  some  unique  bits,  but  a  lot  depends  on  exactly  how  your  isp  is  set  up.  so,  really,  it  doesnt  make  sense  to  forbid  their  use  in  the  context  of  anything  other  than  how  they,  like  any  other  form  of  imperfect  identifier,  can  be  used  in  conjunction  with  other  data  to  deanonymize  users.  thats  why  the  sharing  with  third  parties  is  such  a  bad  thing.  the  actual  danger  is  not  that  someone  knows  my  ip  address,  its  when  they  correlate  it  with  a  lot  of  other  bits  of  information  that  do  ultimately  and  intimately  personally  identify  me.  so
__label__productinspection apparently,  it  seems  as  if  all  these  device  act  like  sloppy  web  pages  on  the  typical  web  browser.  what  a  bummer.  mayday  received,  what  to  do  about  it  though,  thats  the  question...?  luddites  seem  to  have  a  burgeoning  case,  hehehehe.  winter  the  law  is  a  specification  like  anything  else.  to  some  degree  good  implementation  depends  on  skill  and  understand.  both  of  these  come  from  education  and  practice.  i  sense  people  who  are  baffled  and  cannot  cope  with  more  than  one  element  of  a  problem  at  a  time  have  a  problem  with  integrating  this  mode  of  reasoning.  a  problem  within  many
__label__productinspection general  areas  is  people  in  one  field  often  cannot  communication  or  understand  another  field.  this  can  happen  too  within  a  given  field  as  specialities  or  exceptional  cases  split  things  further.  taken  to  its  extreme  this  can  lead  to  situations  where  opportunities  are  lost,  health  and  safety  issues  like  workplace  bullying  arise,  and  in  some  cases  bankruptcy.  in  uk  law  an  opinion  no  matter  how  expert  and  popular  is  merely  an  opinion.  only  a  court  judgement  counts  in  law  and  there  have  been  plenty  of  rulings  on  these  issues  including  the  specific  issue  of  ip  addresses  being  personal  property  and  identifiers.
__label__productinspection as  with  a  lot  of  things  many  experts  are  rote  learned  in  processes  and  have  access  to  the  manuals  which  are  usually  locked  away.  anyone  who  has  worked  within  it  will  know  this.  this  is  one  reason  i  suspect  why  the  major  newspapers  in  the  uk  continually  fail  to  cite  court  judgments  when  writing  up  articles.  for  anyone  who  wishes  to  education  themselves  begin  here:  and  here:  apologies  for  the  typos.  blame  autocorrect  syndrome  or  stress  induced  dyslexia.  winter  all  this  means  that  websites  and  companies  are  not  allowed  to  store  or  use  ip  addresses  except  for  the  immediate  goals
__label__productinspection of  serving  up  web  pages  so,  when  you  connect  to  this  blog,  its  completely  ok  to  share  ip  addresses  with  literally  dozens  of  companies  that  are  not  your  isp,  and  are  not  bruces  site,  as  long  as  its  part  of  serving  the  web  page?  so  then,  you  realize  that  tv  that  is  phoning  home  to  dozens  of  places  is  generally  just  serving  a  few  web  pages  too,  right?  its  whole  smart  interface  is  a  web  site,  and  it  runs  a  full  screen  web  browser,  so  to  speak  some  of  it  local,  some  of  it  remote.  its  embedding  of  ads  is
__label__productinspection technically  the  same  way  as  web  pages  embed  ads.  you  cannot  ban  or  be  horrified  at  one  without  banning  or  being  horrified  at  the  other...  so  ive  seen  arguments  that  its  not  the  actual  ip  address  sharing  thats  the  issue,  but  the  combining  it  with  other  tracking...  hmm,  interesting  idea...  so  then,  its  perfectly  ok  to  share  ip  addresses  by  themselves,  just  not  combining  them  with  other  things?  what  about  combining  them  with  what  sites  you  visit?  you  know  that  internet  routers  do  that  too  since  they  have  to  know  both  ends  to  route...  oh,  but  thats  part  of  serving
__label__productinspection a  web  page...  my  head  is  spinning.  impossibly  stupid  the  article  was  not  about  laws,  true  enough.  but  the  discussion  before  i  joined  it  had  turned  to  that,  relating  iot  with  the  new  law...  if  the  moderator  would  like,  im  happy  to  move  to  the  squid  thread...  perhaps  part  of  my  problem  is  that  im  an  american.  over  here  in  the  states,  toobroadly  worded  laws  are  commonly  used  to  crush  the  little  guy  in  all  sorts  of  ridiculous  ways.  if  any  law  can  be  interpreted  in  a  moronic  way,  it  will  be  by  some  court...  and  then  the  steamroller  gets
__label__productinspection going...  maybe  europeans  and  their  courts  are  all  much  more  rational,  and  i  should  just  relax,  everything  will  be  fine?  herman  every  breath  you  take  every  move  you  make  every  bond  you  break  every  step  you  take  ill  be  watching  you  sounds  like  my  inlaws  the  findings  of  the  samsung  smart  tv  is  no  surprise,  it  is  chock  full  of  apps/app  access  and  i  am  sure  the  connections  listed  arent  the  only  ones.  likely  checking  for  updates,  im  not  as  paranoid  about  this  stuff  as  i  once  was.  if  there  was  anything  i  wanted  to  hide,  i  sure  as  hell
__label__productinspection would  still  be  using  a  crt.  yeah  tv  watching  in  my  house  runs  the  gambit  from  pbs  to  hsn  to  fox,  there,  now  the  data  they  collect  has  been  made  public  by  me;  no  worries.  :p  greg  there,  now  the  data  they  collect  has  been  made  public  by  me;  no  worries.  not  exactly...  you  arent  posting  a  continual  realtime  list  of  every  program  you  flick  through,  along  with  dates  and  times,  so  that  every  one  of  us  crazy  criminals  that  use  the  internet  can  clearly  see  when  is  a  good  time  to  break  into  your  house...  but  dont  worry,  the
__label__productinspection longer  time  goes,  the  more  likely  some  hacker  has  already  hacked  in  and  slurped  up  their  whole  database,  and  is  sharing  it  with  all  of  us  criminals  anyway  problem  solved  for  ya  :  iot  fails  have  dripdripped  onto  the  scene  for  some  years  now.  memory  of  the  details  of  each  one  faded  before  the  next  hit  the  news.  the  only  memory  that  stayed  with  me  was  the  common  thread:  poorly  implemented  smart  devices.  so,  for  me,  the  hall  of  shame  linked  by  bruce  was  an  eyeopener,  a  reminder  of  the  depth  and  scope  of  the  problem.  scroll  and  scroll  and
__label__productinspection scroll  and  ...  down  the  page  and  renew  many  acquaintances  you  had  forgotten.  phone  home  no,  because  its  not  necessary  to  share  an  ipaddress  with  any  other  company  just  to  serve  a  webpage.  its  really  quite  simple.  you  can  use  identifying  information  as  necessary  or  as  agreed,  not  at  your  convenience.  concretely,  at  our  company  we  have  to  anonymize  ipaddresses  from  accesslogs  and  any  other  places  within  two  weeks.  our  services  have  no  other  legitimate  reasons  to  store  ipaddresses  other  than  serving  webpages  and  usage  analysis.  removing  the  last  8  bits  is  considered  sufficient  anonymization  as  a  tradeoff  that  leaves
__label__productinspection the  logs  somewhat  usable  after  those  two  weeks.  a  nonny  bunny  please  run  a  traceroute  to  different  common  web  sites  you  visit.  count  how  many  companies  that  see  your  ip  address  i.e.  have  had  your  ip  address  shared  to  them,  in  order  to  complete  that  request,  that  are  not  your  isp,  and  are  not  the  actual  sites  you  visit.  yes,  on  the  one  hand,  its  part  of  providing  the  service,  but  on  the  other  hand,  it  absolutely  is  sharing  your  ip  address  with  lots  and  lots  of  companies  all  over  the  place  that  you  dont  know  who  they  all  are.
__label__productinspection they  are  not  your  isp,  and  they  are  not  the  web  site  youre  connecting  to.  this  is  the  way  the  internet  works.  its  the  way  its  always  worked,  and  always  will  work  unless  its  ever  totally  redesigned  from  the  ground  up.  if  any  court  ruled  that  this  were  illegal  because  all  sharing  ip  addresses  were  outlawed,  the  whole  internet  would  have  to  be  shut  down  to  comply  at  least,  within  that  courts  jurisdiction  additionally,  view  the  source  of  most  web  pages  you  visit  or  look  at  the  network  tab  in  the  development  tools.  you  will  find  references  to  other  third
__label__productinspection party  libraries,  scripts,  images,  and  all  kinds  of  various  other  things  in  there,  often  a  dozen  or  more  different  ones.  this  is  also  just  part  of  serving  the  web  page  its  dozens  of  different  companies  that  are  not  you,  not  your  isp,  and  not  the  entity  you  contacted  by  visiting  the  web  site.  if  this  is  ever  outlawed  because  sharing  ip  addresses  is  illegal,  most  web  sites  currently  in  existence  would  become  illegal.  using  the  two  above  two  examples  as  evidence  for  this  claim,  heres  my  main  point:  everyone  needs  to  be  careful  how  they  word  stuff,  or  they  could
__label__productinspection inadvertently  be  declaring  common  innocuous  activities  illegal  too  along  with  the  bad  stuff  just  because  they  dont  understand  the  inner  workings  of  things....  if  that  were  to  happen  within  the  wording  of  the  law  itself,  someone  somewhere  is  bound  to  use  that  to  use  the  court  itself  as  a  tool  to  do  evil  things...  perhaps  possibly  even  more  evil  than  that  law  does  good.  this  has  already  happened  with  certain  other  laws...  if  anyone  doesnt  understand  my  explanation  above,  i  can  go  into  greater  detail,  or  perhaps  more  simple  detail...  phone  home  please  read  up  on  the  uk  data  protection
__label__productinspection act  and  european  convention  plus  the  uk  human  rights  act  and  possibly  even  the  goods  and  services  directive.  basically,  if  your  ip  address  the  data  is  used  lawfully  within  the  aims  and  purposes  etcetera  of  the  facilities  being  provided  then  the  action  is  lawful.  it  is  when  this  confidence  is  abused  where  it  becomes  unlawful.  some  years  ago  the  position  of  uk  law  made  cacheing  by  isps  unlawful.  the  law  has  since  been  updated  with  a  specific  provision  for  cacheing.  isps  used  to  tout  their  service  as  being  fast  enough  to  download  a  movie  or  music  track  in  so  many
__label__productinspection minutes  or  seconds.  while  a  court  case  and  the  law  can  be  uncertain  the  view  is  this  kind  fo  advertising  crosses  the  line  into  unlawful  advocacy  of  copyright  infringing  behaviour  for  gain.  recent  prosecutorial  action  has  reflected  this  with  very  recent  marketing  attempts  although  marketing  best  practcie  has  since  improved  and  moved  on.  with  caches  and  amrketing  bandwidth  activity  was  strictly  speaking  unlawful  at  the  time.  both  practice  and  the  law  has  caught  up.  at  no  stage  did  the  internet  stop  working.  the  uk  has  played  fast  and  loose  with  census  data.  a  private  case  brought  to  rule  transfer  of
__label__productinspection data  to  the  us  to  be  processed  because  it  broke  safe  harbour  gaurantees  failed.  judges  have  since  ruled  that  the  action  by  the  government  was  indeed  lawful.  this  kind  of  thing  is  part  and  parcel  of  the  dialogue  leading  up  to  eu  gdpr  legislation  and  is  of  course  ongoing  in  civil  society.  i  am  not  aware  at  the  time  of  writing  and  up  to  the  point  i  pressed  the  submit  button  that  the  internet  stopped  working  because  of  this.  if  you  wish  to  discuss  this  further  there  are  plenty  of  lawyers  willing  to  take  money  off  you  echo  heres  the
__label__productinspection kind  of  thing  im  talking  about:  first,  phone  home  wrote:  then  a  nonny  bunny  wrote:  then  when  phone  home  explained  how  basic  internet  routing  worked  i.e.  try  traceroute,  that  it  does  require  sharing  an  ip  address  with  other  companies  just  to  serve  a  web  page...  then  echo  comes  back  with  more  clarification  within  the  aims  and  purposes  etcetera  of  the  facilities  being  provided  to  explain  that  the  internet  itself  is  lawful  again..  whew  if  us  techies  are  having  this  kind  of  trouble  being  specific,  how  do  you  expect  any  old  halftechnologicallyinept  lawmakers  to  have  an  easier  time  at  it?  indeed
__label__productinspection plenty  of  lawyers  are  willing  to  take  money,  thats  the  main  business  that  profits  from  all  of  this.  by  the  way,  its  great  that  in  the  uk  things  got  ironed  out  without  half  shutting  off  the  internet,  i  wish  i  could  say  the  same  for  russia.  i  hope  europe  fares  better  than  that.  phone  home  the  only  person  here  that  seems  to  be  having  trouble  is  you.  to  the  rest  of  us,  it  is  quite  easy  to  define  what  sharing  means  in  the  context  of  abuse.  either  youre  not  actually  a  techie,  or  youre  trolling.  its  times  like  these  i
__label__productinspection wish  i  could  ignore  people  who  are  dedicated  to  derailing  a  conversation  with  offtopic  nonsense  like  this.  its  not  necessary  to  share  an  ipaddress  with  any  other  company  just  to  serve  a  webpage...  when  it  very  much  is  absolutely  necessary  to  share  it  with  several  companies  for  the  internet  to  function  at  all...  just,  you  could  say  its  within  the  scope  of  providing  internet  service,  not  for  advertising/marketing/etc...  is  not  trouble  understanding  anything?  i  appreciate  the  insults  though.  whoops.  sorry.  major  typo  correction  i  meant  to  say  judges  have  since  ruled  uk  government  action  was  unlawful.  the  uk  has  played
__label__productinspection fast  and  loose  with  census  data.  a  private  case  brought  to  rule  transfer  of  data  to  the  us  to  be  processed  because  it  broke  safe  harbour  gaurantees  failed.  judges  have  since  ruled  that  the  action  by  the  government  was  indeed  lawful.  this  kind  of  thing  is  part  and  parcel  of  the  dialogue  leading  up  to  eu  gdpr  legislation  and  is  of  course  ongoing  in  civil  society.  i  am  not  aware  at  the  time  of  writing  and  up  to  the  point  i  pressed  the  submit  button  that  the  internet  stopped  working  because  of  this.  no  need  for  a  personal  infight,  phone
__label__productinspection homes  second  posting  may  be  a  bit  radical,  but  he  has  a  point.  contemporary  ip  sharing  laws  are  void,  and  we  have  to  assume  they  are  deliberately  designed  as  such.  the  horses  have  left  the  barn,  its  too  late,  even  if  lawmakers  were  now  willing  to  kill  internet  and  businesses.  instead  of  the  useless  cookie  warning  it  doesnt  work  without  session  cookies  sites  /  devices  should  present  a  list  of  third  party  domains  ip  sharing  to  accept  before  any  external  content  /  site  is  accessed.  or  hold  and  process  all  that  stuff  on  their  own  server  :  sanchop  absolutely  no
__label__productinspection point  about  iot  security  is  being  made  by  anyone  who  has  derailed  this  conversation.  its  all  just  more  political  incitement,  and  this  blog  does  not  benefit  by  being  permissive  of  that  kind  of  misuse.  unless  he  wants  to  turn  it  into  another  sewer  like  facebook  or  youtube,  bruce  needs  to  better  moderate  the  comments,  or  he  should  remove  them  entirely.  a  hrefurl  em  cite  i  strong  b  sub  sup  ul  ol  li  blockquote  pre  sidebar  photo  of  bruce  schneier  by  joe  macinnis.  i  am  a  ,  working  at  the  intersection  of  security,  technology,  and  people.  ive  been  writing  about  security
__label__productinspection issues  on  my  since  2004,  and  in  my  monthly  since  1998.  im  a  fellow  and  lecturer  at  harvards  and  a  board  member  of  .  this  personal  website  expresses  the  opinions  of  neither  of  those  organizations.
__label__productinspection manufacturing  country  topics:  ,  ,  topics:  ,  ,  ,  topics:  ,  ,  ,  topics:  ,  ,  ,  ,  topics:  ,  topics:  ,  ,  topics:  ,  ,  topics:  ,  ,  topics:  ,  topics:  ,  ,  ,  stay  updated  on  the  latest  in  product  inspection,  auditing,  and  corporate  responsibility  weekly  from  the  no.1199  heping  road,  jintian  building,  floor  9,  office  909,  luohu,  shenzhen,  guangdong,  china  518010  11999909518010  china:  europe:  north  america:  south  america:
__label__productinspection share  the  post  how  iot  promises  to  enable  better  product  maintenance  for  manufacturers  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  touted  in  manufacturing  when  it  comes  to  preventative  maintenance.  too  often,  people  associate  the  iot  with  electronics,  but  countless  equipment  brands  come  made  with  these  powerful  data  driven  sensors.  the  release  stated  that  the  manufacturing  industry  was  forecasted  to  invest  178  billion  in  iot  technology  in  2016.  iot  solutions  can  be  integrated  into  existing  products  and  preinstalled  in  new  products.  commercial  devices  commonly  have  sensors  that  record  material  and  supply  data,  while  mechanical  devices  with  sensors  track  factors  like  rpm,
__label__productinspection speed  and  temperature.  iot  sensors  that  are  embedded  into  products  send  and  receive  data  on  product  use  via  the  internet.  also  known  as  connected  devices,  iot  enabled  products  range  from  consumer  goods  to  machinery.  sensors  track  factors  like  location  changes,  fuel  levels,  battery  life,  and  conditions  that  cause  failure.  more  and  more  businesses  implement  iot  technology  each  year  to  gain  more  consumer  insight.  forbes  stated  that  the  global  iot  market  will  be  14.4  trillion  by  2020.  some  manufacturers  that  take  advantage  of  iot  technology  today  include:  automotive  industrial  equipment  food  and  beverage  electronics  gone  are  the  days  where  equipment  must
__label__productinspection be  serviced  on  a  set  schedule.  iot  technology  helps  suggest  maintenance  based  on  product  use.  cloud  based  sensors  detect  damaged  parts  and  hardware  before  failure,  which  extends  the  product  life.  this  ensures  that  overused  products  receive  maintenance  sooner  than  later,  while  lightly  used  products  arent  serviced  unnecessarily.  predicts  value  added  services  will  grow  to  120  billion  in  2018,  meaning  manufacturing  companies  can  boost  their  revenue  by  also  offering  maintenance.  for  example,  phillips  was  previously  just  a  lighting  manufacturer,  but  now  also  maintains  thousands  of  light  fixtures  in  washington,  d.c.  products  with  iot  technology  require  little  user  interaction.  when  field  techs
__label__productinspection are  dispatched  to  repair  a  product,  they  can  simply  view  product  data  over  a  smartphone.  this  iot  generated  data  ranges  from  barcode  and  serial  number  to  technical  specifications.  field  techs  more  often  finish  jobs  in  one  visit  when  they  have  instant  data  access,  which  pleases  customers.  once  iot  becomes  the  norm,  repairmen  will  perform  more  preventative  services.  with  iot  technology,  techs  are  alerted  of  potential  product  issues  sooner.  they  can  contact  customers  before  severe  damage  occurs,  which  saves  on  repair  costs.  its  not  certain  how  the  industrial  iot  will  change  ,  but  evolving  technology  is  expected  to  create  higher  skilled
__label__productinspection jobs.  since  product  maintenance  is  becoming  so  data  driven,  the  data  science  job  demand  may  increase.  and  since  baby  boomers  are  retiring,  more  field  technicians  are  needed  in  the  workforce.  with  the  new  devices,  apps,  and  other  available  today,  the  younger  workforce  will  be  productive  in  installing,  repairing  and  maintaining  equipment.  cloud  based  inventory  systems  do  everything  from  scanning  a  product  to  tracking  once  shipped.  companies  know  exactly  when  products  will  be  delivered  based  on  this  data.  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  tags  give  each  product  a  unique  id  and  monitor  factors  like  weather,  traffic  and  temperature  while  shipping.  supply  chain
__label__productinspection workers  can  change  fleet  routes  based  on  traffic  and  weather  problems,  which  speeds  up  product  arrival  time.  even  better,  an  iot  enabled  gps  reduces  the  chance  of  theft  or  lost  items.  the  iot  not  only  simplifies  product  repair,  but  also  improves  product  design.  digitally  manufactured  products  can  store  years  of  data,  which  provides  insight  for  better  design.  for  example,  engineers  may  consider  redesigning  a  product  if  sensors  prove  that  parts  fail  in  certain  temperatures.  in  engineering,  3d  prototyping  is  almost  an  industry  necessity  which  evolves  with  iot.  for  example,  many  companies  utilize  3d  prototypes  for  additive  manufacturing  of  electronic  devices.
__label__productinspection kpmg  predicts  that  over  the  years,  will  be  among  the  top  technologies  to  change  how  people  work  and  live.  as  a  result,  3d  printing  and  iot  could  expand  to  new  markets,  such  as  and  iot  based  apps  that  use  sensors  and  circuits.  though  manufacturing  companies  mainly  spend  on  iot  for  operations,  is  a  smaller  share.  technicians  that  do  rugged  work  today  stay  safe  by  wearing  devices  that  track  environmental  conditions.  for  example,  honeywell  and  intels  device  has  sensors  that  monitor  posture,  motion,  heart  rate  and  toxins  in  the  air.  field  managers  typically  use  iot  based  wearables  to  mitigate  potential  hazards
__label__productinspection and  track  safety  trends  like  collisions  to  improve  the  work  environment.  there  is  no  doubt  that  the  iot  is  transforming  the  way  oems  and  field  technicians  perform  preventative  maintenance.  systems  with  iot  technology  are  becoming  more  accessible  and  affordable,  which  empowers  oems  of  all  sizes  to  renovate  their  plants  and  factories.  implementing  smart  iot  solutions  is  not  easy,  but  there  is  a  solution  for  every  companies  needs.  technology  is  constantly  evolving,  and  there  is  no  better  time  to  start  than  today.  learn  how  the  iot  will  impact  manufacturing  and  field  service  businesses,  how  to  prepare  your  team  for  the  shift,
__label__productinspection and  some  big  name  companies  that  already  take  advantage  of  the  endless  possibilities  the  iot  has  to  offer.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  msi  data  helps  companies  to  improve  the  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  their  field  workforce.  focused  on  the  enterprise,  scheduling  and  the  mobile  worker,  our  applications  include  mobile  field  service,  mobile  inspection  and  field  service  management  software.
__label__productinspection this  article  is  a  story  curated  by  sparkamplab  that  can  be  shared  or  modified  for  repost  tihive  and  beeinventor  are  two  startups  offering  iot  powered  solutions  to  tackle  issues  faced  in  quality  inspection  and  construction  site  management  respectively.  a  recent  study  revealed  that  only  of  all  the  devices  that  could  leverage  iot  are  doing  so.  iots  been  most  commonly  used  in  smart  home  solutions,  but  startups  in  other  industries  are  finally  realizing  its  power  and  potential.  tihive  and  beeinventor  are  two  iot  startups  aiming  to  improve  and  disrupt  quality  inspection  and  construction  site  management.  tihive  aims  to  leverage  iot  to
__label__productinspection deploy  distributed  inspection  and  product  authentication  in  each  step  of  the  supply  chain.  beeinventor  aims  to  make  the  construction  industry  smart  by  building  an  iot  device  that  suit  the  people,  machinery,  and  materials  involved  in  construction.  inspecting  nonwoven,  plastic,  composite,  textile  and  other  types  of  construction  material  at  each  stage  of  production  is  extremely  difficult.  because  of  this,  often  times,  quality  inspection  efforts  are  made  at  the  end  of  a  production  phase.  but  correcting  even  minor  mistakes  when  production  is  close  to  complete  is  extremely  expensive.  one  of  the  biggest  issues  involved  with  largescale  production  is  .  external  factors  such
__label__productinspection as  density,  humidity  levels,  thickness  and  more  can  cause  extreme  variation  in  production.  if  production  isnt  optimized  and  these  variations  are  not  controlled,  variations  can  cause  production  costs  to  skyrocket.  managing  process  variability  and  quality  inspection  effectively  is  what  tihive  does.  has  leveraged  iot  to  formulate  an  instant  inspection  technology.  its  use  of  an  iot  device  makes  it  easier  to  monitor  defects  or  contaminations  at  each  step  of  production  without  slowing  the  process  down.  tihive  utilizes  machine  learning  and  ,  which  are  electromagnetic  waves  capable  of  penetrating  and  seeing  through  several  materials,  to  provide  their  solution.  using  terahertz  electromagnetic  waves
__label__productinspection simplifies  the  inspection  process,  and  unlike  xrays,  terahertz  waves  are  perceived  by  scientists  as  safe  and  sideeffect  free.  construction  site  management  is  often  a  demanding  line  of  work  that  involves  managing  a  wide  range  of  factors  such  as  people,  machinery  and  materials.  and  it  is  a  field  that  is  not  becoming  more  effective  with  time.  a  recent  revealed  that  between  the  years  of  2012  and  2015,  construction  site  fatalities  have  increased  by  16.  while  there  is  ever  increasing  revenue  generated  from  construction  projects,  there  hasnt  been  a  correlated  increase  in  project  quality,  safety  and  efficiency.  is  improving  construction  site  management
__label__productinspection by  building  an  iot  platform  leveraging  a  cloud  based  management  portal  to  coordinate  with  construction  personnel  and  improve  the  logistical  use  of  machinery  and  materials.  with  beeinventor,  a  comprehensive  outlook  of  the  construction  site  is  provided,  which  ensures  higher  safety  and  efficiency  standards.  is  the  iot  device  that  beeinventor  has  developed  to  monitor  construction  sites.  it  is  usable  as  both  an  extension  to  existing  construction  helmets  as  well  as  a  standalone  helmet,  and  comes  with  a  myriad  of  features  such  as  body  temperature  sensor,  accelerometer,  heart  rate  sensor,  altimeter,  gas  detector,  panic  button  and  more.  with  dasloop,  beeinventor  can  monitor
__label__productinspection worker  safety,  and  can  offer  indoor  positioning  and  communication  through  bluetooth  and  mesh  networks.  beeinventor  makes  construction  smarter  than  ever.  iot  is  the  next  big  thing  in  tech,  and  has  huge  potential  that  has  not  yet  been  tapped.  by  applying  iot  in  new  industries,  companies  such  as  beeinventor  and  tihive  are  unleashing  the  true  potential  of  iot  devices  and  their  underlying  technology  and  are  helping  usher  in  a  new  era  of  smarttech.
__label__productinspection applus  around  the  world  close  countries  panel  around  the  world  close  divisions  panel  industrial  and  environmental  inspection,  vendor  inspection,  technical  assistance,  nondestructive  testing  ndt  and  technical  staffing  for  all  type  of  industries.  multidisciplinary  laboratories.testing  and  engineering  for  product  development.  conformity  testing  and  product  certification.  .  statutory  vehicle  inspection  services  and  emission  gas  testing  solutions  worldwide.  design,  engineering,  testing  and  homologation  services  for  the  automotive  industry  worldwide.  close  divisions  panel  applus  divisions  countries  countries  divisions  what  we  do
__label__productinspection industry  trends  this  is  a  summary  of  a  byline  article  written  for  iot  agenda  by  fortinets  executive  vice  president,  products  and  solutions,  john  maddison.  the  entire  article  can  be  accessed  .  each  generation  of  iot  devices  is  smarter  and  faster  than  the  last.  these  devices  are  being  introduced  to  every  networking  environment,  from  branch  offices  and  the  core  network  to  manufacturing  floors  and  the  extreme  edge  of  the  network  where  they  mingle  with  user  endpoint  devices  to  collect,  generate,  and  share  information.  even  though  these  devices  are  woven  into  our  larger,  distributed  network  environments,  in  many  ways,  iot  has  become
__label__productinspection its  own  network  edge.  devices  have  their  own  communications  channels  and  protocols,  interact  to  accomplish  complex  tasks,  and  generate  massive  amounts  of  data  while  performing  critical  functions  from  monitoring  systems  to  managing  inventory  to  collecting  and  distributing  data.  unfortunately,  in  spite  of  their  prevalence,  most  of  these  devices  remain  inherently  insecure  they  cant  even  be  updated  or  patched.  addressing  the  challenge  of  securing  the  iot  and  its  devices  requires  a  comprehensive  strategy  that  includes:  device  assessment:  every  iot  device  should  be  evaluated  for  its  inherent  security  before  it  is  purchased  and  appropriate  countermeasures  be  put  in  place.  systems  administrators  should
__label__productinspection also  know  the  type  and  value  of  the  data  it  will  generate,  and  what  other  devices  it  will  be  able  to  communicate  with.  secure  communications:  ensure  that  sensitive  iot  traffic  is  encrypted  as  close  to  an  iot  device  as  possible.  traffic  inspection:  all  iot  traffic,  including  encrypted  traffic,  needs  to  be  evaluated.  ngfws  need  to  be  able  to  provide  that  traffic  inspection  services  at  network  speeds.  :  iot  devices  need  to  be  accurately  identified  the  moment  they  access  the  network.  nac  can  identify  and  classify  devices,  assess  them  for  risks,  tag  them  with  appropriate  policies,  and  then  keep  an  inventoryof
__label__productinspection connected  devices.  :  one  of  the  most  effective  strategies  for  securing  iot  is  to  segment  that  at  the  point  of  access.  advanced  segmentation  can  automatically  translate  business  requirements  for  an  iot  device  into  a  security  policy  that  automatically  determines  the  sort  of  protection  an  iot  transaction  stream  requires.  iot  devices  might  be  assigned  to  a  segment  assigned  to  a  class  of  devices  or  functions,  a  segment  based  on  level  of  security  required,  or  even  a  separate  segment  just  for  a  specific  device,  application,  or  workflow.  when  properly  applied,  these  segments  should  be  able  to  seamlessly  protect  any  traffic  generated  by
__label__productinspection that  device,  even  if  it  traverses  multiple  network  environments  or  cloud  ecosystems.  once  these  elements  are  in  place,  securing  the  iot  edge  requires  a  flexible  and  integrated  security  fabric  that  can  integrate  the  security  elements  that  span  your  networked  ecosystem  into  a  single,  interconnected,  and  responsive  system.  this  enables  effective  monitoring  and  the  quick  detection  and  response  to  unauthorized  behavior.  such  an  approach  expands  and  ensures  resilience,  secures  and  isolates  distributed  iot  resources,  and  enables  the  synchronization  and  correlation  of  intelligence  for  effective,  consistent,  and  automated  threat  response  for  any  iot  device  deployed  anywhere  across  the  network.  this  is  a
__label__productinspection summary  of  a  byline  article  written  for  iot  agenda  entitled,  ,  by  fortinets  executive  vice  president  of  products  and  solutions,  john  maddison,  and  published  on  april  15,  2019.  find  out  how  offer  the  necessary  internet  of  things  iot  and  device  security  to  see  and  control  all  devices  across  the  entire  network.  with  proactive  endpoint  protection,  organizations  can  ensure  their  networks  are  secure  from  the  latest  threats.  read  these  customer  case  studies  to  see  how  this  and  apply  iot  to  their  security  plans  and  help  simplify  operations.  ,  ,  industry  trends  industry  trends  industry  trends  copyright  2019  fortinet,  inc.  all  rights
__label__productinspection today,  sgs  announces  the  opening  of  an  internet  of  things  iot  competence  center  in  madrid,  partnering  with  swisscom,  vodafone  and  microsoft.  the  center  will  develop  innovative  solutions  to  digitalize  testing,  inspection  and  certification  tic  services  using  iot  technology.  the  digitalization  of  tic  services  is  rapidly  expanding  as  the  iot  market  is  growing  at  a  compound  annual  rate  of  20.  to  accelerate  the  digitalization  of  its  services,  sgs  has  partnered  with  swisscom,  vodafone  and  microsoft  to  open  a  global  iot  competence  center  in  madrid,  spain.  the  new  center  will  focus  on  the  development  of  innovative  services  to  offer  realtime  and  roundtheclock
__label__productinspection monitoring  systems.  one  example  of  a  solution  currently  in  development,  is  an  iot  service  to  control  the  quality  of  agricultural  goods  when  stored  in  a  warehouse.  at  sgs,  we  have  a  strong  culture  of  innovation  as  we  are  constantly  looking  for  new  ways  to  deliver  high  quality  services  to  our  customers.  in  this  new  center,  we  will  develop  cuttingedge  inspection  technology  tailored  to  our  needs  and  those  of  our  customers,  said  fred  herren,  senior  vice  president  digital  and  innovation  at  sgs.  the  iot  competence  center  in  madrid  will  attract  many  international  experts  from  a  wide  range  of  disciplines  to  work
__label__productinspection together  and  look  at  future  challenges  from  new  angles,  says  marianne  janik,  general  manager  of  microsoft  switzerland.  this  is  exactly  the  kind  of  collaboration  needed  to  build  truly  new  and  customerfocused  solutions  for  the  future.  iot  needs  a  mature  ecosystem.  we  are  proud  to  deliver  within  this  ecosystem  global,  secure  and  dedicated  iot  network  solutions,  thus  enabling  sgs  to  focus  fully  on  their  use  case,  says  julian  dmer,  head  of  iot  at  swisscom.  the  collected  data  will  be  stored  and  analyzed  using  microsoft  technology  and  cloud  services  running  on  azure.  beyond  agricultural  goods,  the  iot  competence  center  is  developing  iot
__label__productinspection inspection  technology  for  the  public,  health,  industrial  manufacturing,  mining  and  energy  sectors.  by  doing  so,  the  company  will  contribute  to  building  smart  cities  and  environments  for  a  more  sustainable  society.  for  further  information,  please  contact:  general  manager  digital  t:  iot  competence  center  program  director  t:  as  the  worlds  leading  inspection,  verification,  testing  and  certification  company,  sgs  is  recognized  as  the  global  benchmark  for  quality  and  integrity.  with  more  than  97,000  employees,  sgs  operates  a  network  of  over  2,600  offices  and  laboratories  around  the  world.  the  andean  community  bolivia,  colombia,  ecuador  and  peru  proposed  a  technical  regulation  with  indication  of  minimum
__label__productinspection labelling  information  to  be  included  for  apparel,  accessories  and  home  textile  products.  the  technical  regulation  will  be  effective  in  18  months  after  its  publication  in  the  official  gazette  of  the  cartagena  agreement.  learn  more  about  fsma  vqip  certification,  a  scheme  offered  by  sgs  to  cover  the  us  fdas  official  thirdparty  certification  of  foreign  suppliers.  sign  up  to  sgs  publications  and  newsletters  from  your  region  and  around  the  world.
__label__productinspection you  can  search  nidec  group  company  products  by  application,  specifications,  performance,  and  key  words.  business  field  nidecs  smarctory  germanys  industry  4.0  focuses  on  the  manufacturing  industry,  in  automating  the  process  of  making  things  by  connecting  industrial  equipment,  in  using  collected  data  towards  increasing  productivity  through  yield  improvement,  and  in  deepening  collaboration  between  companies  participating  in  the  supply  chain.  nidec,  as  a  professional  in  production,  is  working  towards  iot  production  equipment,  offering  a  variety  of  solutions  for  the  iot  era.  attaching  this  gateway  to  a  piece  of  equipment  enables  wireless  communication  with  machines  that  would  otherwise  be  incapable  of  wireless  transmission.
__label__productinspection nidec  is  a  designated  distributor  of  indoor  positioning  systemips  developed  by  quuppa  oy  of  finland.  quuppas  system  detects  the  angle  of  arrival  of  radio  waves,  and  calculates  with  advanced  signal  processing  so  as  to  obtain  the  position  of  the  ble  bluetooth  low  energydevice  in  the  format  of  coordinate  data,  on  realtime  basis  with  high  accuracy.  ble  device  has  been  rapidly  spreading  at  good  cost,  and  quuppa  system  visualize  the  location  and  movement  of  people/things  both  for  indoors  and  outdoors,  enabling  various  types  of  analysis  that  contributes  to  improvement  of  work  efficiency  and  security.  an  image  sensor  targeting  versatility  and  cost
__label__productinspection reduction.  it  achieves  high  cost  performance  and  accommodates  a  wide  range  of  applications.  laborsaving,  productivity  and  quality  improvement  with  modularization  of  the  assembly  and  inspection.  it  ispossible  to  build  the  optimal  line  layout  according  to  the  applicationand  purpose.  nidec  group  search  group  companies
__label__productinspection while  youre  reading  this,  one  of  your  production  lines  may  be  warning  you  of  an  imminent  failure.  are  you  listening?  listens  to  machines  and  speaks  to  you,  unlocking  productivity  gains  that  improve  profitability,  beats  the  competition  and  earns  that  bonus  you  know  you  deserve.  within  4  weeks,  will  monitor  your  manufacturing  equipment  in  realtime,  so  you  can  have  your  best  day  every  day  while  avoiding  your  worst.  quality  assurance  in  manufacturing  is  critical  and  the  risk  to  your  business  from  poor  quality  is  substantial.  intelligently  minimizes  defects  and  reduces  the  costs  associated  with  manufacturing  flaws.  it  harnesses  the  power  of
__label__productinspection image  recognition,  artificial  intelligence  and  iot  to  automate  defect  detection  and  determine  the  root  cause  of  issues.  in  less  than  60  days,  can  be  implemented  using  cameras  or  vision  systems  already  installed  on  the  factory  floor.  its  possible  your  customers  are  being  courted  away  by  your  competitors.  differentiating  yourselves  and  your  products,  while  delivering  exceptional  quality  helps.  listens  to  your  products  and  speaks  to  you  unlocking  the  ability  to  provide  exceptional  customer  service  and  capturing  valuable  usage  data  so  your  products  maintain  your  competitive  edge.  within  4  weeks,  will  monitor  your  products  in  realtime  so  you  can  have  your  best
__label__productinspection day  every  day  while  avoiding  your  worst.  organizations  like  yours  are  eager  to  make  advanced  analytics  accessible  to  more  users  and  expand  the  insight  into  the  business.  the  tsunami  of  digital  business  technologies,  big  data,  social,  mobile,  analytics  and  cloud,  and  the  lowering  costs  of  these  technologies,  make  it  much  more  feasible  for  companies  to  act  and  succeed.  more  business  functions  now  have  a  legitimate  interest  in  this  capability  to  help  foster  better  decision  making  and  improved  business  outcomes.  using  microsofts  cortana  intelligence,  we  help  enable  your  employees  and  stakeholders  to  analyze  your  business  and  customer  data  to  proactively  suggest
__label__productinspection in  collaboration  with  plants  in  the  sumitomo  electric  group,  we  are  pushing  ahead  with  the  development  of  internet  of  things  iot  technologies  such  as  sensing  systems,  wireless  communication,  and  big  data  analysis  using  ai  to  support  manufacturing  in  our  group,  focusing  on  productivity  improvement,  automated  inspection,  predictive  maintenance  and  work  safety.  iot  technologies  to  collect  and  analyze  data  by  connecting  multiple  sensors  and  devices  to  networkshave  been  introduced  increasingly  into  various  manufacturing  fields  in  recent  years.  we  are  developing  energysaving  wireless  sensors  to  detect  facility  trouble  and  operating  conditions  and  multihop  wireless  networks  that  enable  economical  introduction  and  userfriendly  operation,
__label__productinspection based  on  our  wireless  technologies.  we  are  also  working  on  research  to  apply  big  data  analysis  to  solve  manufacturing  challenges  including  productivity  improvementand  predictive  failure  monitoring  for  production  equipment.  high  precision,  high  speed  analysis  of  a  large  amount  of  data  collected  in  real  time  by  iot  technologies  is  required  for  advanced  manufacturing  processes.  through  the  development  of  ai  big  data  analysis,  we  are  working  to  advance  production  processes  in  our  businesses,including  automated  inspection.
__label__productinspection companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__productinspection the  iot  is  not,  by  itself,  a  technology.  the  iot  is  the  concept  of  connecting  electrical  devices  to  the  internet.  this  includes  smartphones,  washing  machines,  coffee  makers,  lamps,  and  wearable  devices.  the  iot  also  applies  to  the  components  of  machines,  such  as  jet  engines  or  the  drills  of  oil  rigs,  and  is  used  by  smart  cities  and  manufacturing  plants.  the  use  of  the  iot  is  also  changing  how  big  data  is  managed  and  stored.  as  a  new  technology  trend,  the  internet  of  things  offers  tremendous  opportunities,  ranging  from  predicting  problems  with  equipment  to  monitoring  customer  shopping  patterns.  the  value  of
__label__productinspection information  collected  from  iot  devices  is  shown  when  it  improves  an  organization,  making  more  efficient,  and  dismisses  inaccurate  or  faulty  assumptions,  by  way  of  .  the  iot  allows  the  majority  of  smart  devices  to  be  monitored,  and  collects  data  from  small,  sensitive  sensors  in  cities  and  industrial  complexes.  these  sensors  and  smart  devices  are  generating  massive  amounts  of  data,  which  needs  to  be  stored.  as  the  iot  becomes  interconnected  with  almost  everything,  screening  for  useful  information  becomes  important.  as  a  result,  more  and  more  organizations  are  shifting  to  public  clouds,  to  access  their  flexibility  and  scalability.  modern  shopping  technology  allows
__label__productinspection retailers  to  offer  a  streamlined  shopping  experience.  some  businesses,  such  as  ,  offer  tools  that  engage  shoppers  while  on  the  internet,  and  then  guides  them  to  the  physical  store.  smart  scheduling,  offered  by  ,  allows  retailers  to  send  the  right  salesperson  to  the  floor  at  just  the  right  time.  additionally,  technology  applications  like  and  can  train  salespeople  on  popular  products  with  just  the  click  of  a  button.  as  all  store  owners  know,  a  trained  salesperson  can  engage  shoppers  more  effectively,  and  engagement  promotes  sales.  is  a  new  iot  combination  sensor,  which  integrates  hd  video,  stereo,  bluetooth,  and  wifi  into  a
__label__productinspection single  device.  this  allows  retailers  to  install  fewer  devices,  while  collecting  more  information.  some  retailers  have  begun  using  robots  made  by  technology  companies,  such  as  ,  to  inventory  shelves,  or  identify  misplaced  and  mispriced  products.  the  internet  of  things  offers  opportunities  for  cities  to  use  data  in  managing  traffic,  cutting  pollution,  and  keeping  citizens  safe.  typically  offer  their  citizens  a  high  quality  of  life,  with  minimized  consumption  of  energy  resources.  this  is  accomplished  by  way  of  intelligent  interconnections  within  the  infrastructure  electricity,  heat,  transportation,  communications,  and  smart  buildings  sharing  big  data.  technological  advances  such  as  lowcost  and  iot,  combined  with
__label__productinspection inexpensive  sensors,  have  allowed  smart  cities  to  track  huge  amounts  of  information  ranging  from  gunshots  to  air  pollution  to  traffic.  also,  smartphone  apps  allow  both  citizens  and  city  workers  to  monitor  problems,  and  send  feedback  to  city  hall.  a  smart  city  should  have  some  of  these  features:  nokia  has  created  .  this  system  is  a  fully  integrated  scalable  and  modular  framework  designed  to  efficiently  deliver  smart  city  services.  it  unifies  a  smart  citys  management  consoles  and  scales  up  services.  sensingasaservice  offers  data  and  analytics  services  for  the  iot  networks.  sensingasaservice  can  monitor  everything  from  environmental  changes  to  illegal  construction.  in
__label__productinspection the  world  of  auto  manufacturing,  a  single  hour  ofunplanned  downtime  can  cost  1.3  million  in  production  losses.  if  unexpecteddowntime  becomes  a  chronic  problem,  there  can  be  additional,  even  bigger  costs  especially  in  the  era  of  justintime  manufacturing.  for  instance,  a  companythat  makes  mufflers  might  lose  an  automakers  contract  if  frequent  downtimemeans  the  assembly  line  grinds  to  a  halt  on  a  regular  basis.  to  avoid  those  costs,  have  always  invested  heavily  in  processes  and  tools  to  maximize  equipment  uptime.  the  iot  provides  new  processes  and  tools  ones  that  can  also  minimize  planned  downtime.  typically,  are  installed  on  equipment  to  monitor  temperature,
__label__productinspection voltage  fluctuations,  vibrations,  and  other  variables.  this  data  feeds  into  a  platform  used  for  realtime  analytics  and  monitoring.  the  iot  can  also  maximize  uptime  by  detecting  hidden  problems  before  a  breakdown.  even  the  most  intensive  human  visual  inspections  cannot  peer  into  a  motor  to  identify  sparking  brushes  or  a  failing  bearing.  however,  the  iot  can  track  fluctuating  power  consumption  and  excessive  heat  possibly  due  to  arcing.  offers  a  variety  of  wireless  sensors  including  thermosensors,  moisture  sensors,  and  motion  detectors.  in  addition  to  providing  alerts  in  realtime,  the  iot  can  also  build  a  historical  database.  with  these  insights,  a  company  will
__label__productinspection know  which  models  of  motors,  pumps,  and  other  equipment  are  the  most  reliable,  and  which  are  prone  to  breaking  down.  this  information  allows  for  informed  decisions  when  buying  new  equipment.  iiot  connects  machines  and  devices  in  industries  such  as  the  manufacturing  industry,  agriculture,  and  energy  production.  in  these  areas,  optimization  and  improvement  are  continuous  goals.  to  achieve  these  goals,  organizations  use  data  to  maximize  their  knowledge  at  each  point  of  the  different  processes.  using  the  iiot,  managers  can  detect  inefficiencies,  excessive  resource  consumption,  and  bottlenecks.  the  iiot  supports  collecting  reliable  data,  in  realtime,  and  translating  it  into  useful  information.  offers
__label__productinspection iiot  technology  in  the  form  of  sam,  which  allows  its  users  to  monitor  their  equipment  with  a  variety  of  sensors  providing  realtime  data.  offers  ai  software  that  allows  for  more  accurate  and  faster  detection  of  defects.  it  installs  easily  and  can  be  used  with  already  existing  imagery  data  and  hardware.  some  application  developers  and  manufacturers  working  with  the  internet  of  things  have  discovered  doing  more  computing  and  analytics  within  the  sensors  can  have  significant  benefits.  ,  the  use  of  computing  within  the  sensor,  is  gaining  in  popularity.  this  computing  sensor  approach  lowers  dependence  on  the  cloud  and  responds  more  quickly.
__label__productinspection the  indoor  offers  an  example  of  this  process.  their  camera  uses  ondevice  vision  processing,  which  watches  for  motion,  identifies  family  members,  and  will  send  alerts  if  a  person  isnt  recognized.  by  processing  computer  vision  tasks  inside  the  camera,  the  amount  of  ,  cloud  storage,  and  bandwidth  is  significantly  less  than  the  version  of  sending  streaming  video  over  the  internet.  ondevice  processing  increases  the  speed  of  alerts  and  reduces  the  chances  of  false  alarms.  a  number  of  changes  can  be  expected  in  the  internet  of  things.  the  changes  and  make  the  system  easier  to  use.  many  of  the  changes  have  already
__label__productinspection begun.  some  things  to  expect  are:  all  iot  solutions  require  a  wellthoughtout  architecture  inorder  to  maximize  their  efficiency.  it  includes  a  variety  of  components,including  sensors,  protocols,  actuators,  cloud  services,  and  layers.  the  architecture  are  organized  to  track  a  systems  consistency.  there  are  three  architectural  layers  that  are  crucial  to  the  development  of  iot  architecture:  supports  systems  that  autonomously  sense  and  respond  to  the  real  world.  the  iot  architecture  must  include  availability,  scalability,  functionality,  and  maintainability.  because  sensors  convert  the  information  from  its  environment  into  data  for  analysis,  it  is  important  to  begin  with  the  sensors  to  get  data  that  can
__label__productinspection be  processed.  the  process  is  taken  furtherfor  actuators,  as  these  can  beused  to  change  the  physical  reality.  for  example,  they  can  turn  on  lights  andadjust  the  thermostat.  the  final  stage  of  iot  architecture  involves  connectingit  to  the  data  center  or  cloud  so  data  can  be  processed,  and  recorded  forhistorical  and  research  purposes.  image  used  under  license  from  shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection realtime  quality  metrics  can  now  be  available  to  all  employees  anywhere  they  are  needed.  source:  iqms  the  convergence  of  iot  with  manufacturing  enables  timely,  closed  loop  operations  to  assure  consistent  quality.  source:  iqms  presuming  perfect  operations  in  open  loop  mode  has  long  term  risks.  source:  iqms  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  is  moving  from  a  future  promise  to  realworld  strategy  as  manufacturers  seek  to  transform  sensor  data  into  actionable  insights.  in  fact,  research  firm  marketsandmarkets  predicts  that  the  worldwide  iiot  market  will  grow  to  195.47  billion  by  2022.  the  internet  of  things  iot  will  play  a  particularly  critical  role
__label__productinspection in  optimizing  manufacturing  quality  as  robots  and  machine  controls  increasingly  become  an  integral  part  of  the  plant  floor,  serving  to  accelerate  throughput  and  improve  repeatability.  yet  equipment  will  wear  and  eventually  experience  failures  over  months  and  years  of  operation.  meanwhile,  people  involved  in  manufacturing  processes  as  well  as  material  handling,  maintenance,  and  manual  data  capture  can  introduce  mistakes.  by  capturing,  analyzing  and  communicating  data  from  iot  sensors  in  real  time,  manufacturers  can  identify  and  even  predict  issues  before  they  become  problematic.  thats  why  now,  more  than  ever,  it  is  vital  for  experts  in  quality  and  operations  technology  ot  to  work
__label__productinspection closely  together  to  help  manufacturing  plants  realize  the  full  potential  of  production  processes  with  support  from  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  this  article  examines  established  best  practices  for  fully  harnessing  the  power  of  iiot  to  optimize  quality,  including  automating  the  capture  of  data,  creating  a  closedloop  feedback  system,  and  establishing  a  lean  information  flow.  iiot  offers  realtime  measurements  and  opportunities  for  production,  compliance  and  quality  managers  to  stay  closely  connected  to  their  shop  floor  operations.  by  automating  the  capture  of  process  and  product  data  from  iot  sensors,  manufacturers  can  more  effectively  obtain  realtime  metrics  to  support  statistical  process  control  spc
__label__productinspection best  practices  and  six  sigma  methodologiesenabling  the  use  of  trend  analytics  to  assure  consistent  quality  and  performance  improvement.  for  years,  product  measurement  sampling  plans  have  been  a  key  part  of  spc  best  practices  to  support  quality  assurance,  in  part  because  it  has  been  impractical,  sometimes  impossible,  to  measure  the  key  characteristics  of  every  piece  being  made.  the  frequently  used  truism,  you  cant  inspect  quality  into  a  product,  is  indeed  true  when  a  quality  process  demands  traceability  and  relies  on  people  to  do  manual  inspection  of  every  step  and  piece.  because  iiot  technology  is  only  as  useful  as  the  data  it
__label__productinspection provides,  operations  and  quality  managers  are  increasingly  turning  to  their  information  technology  teams  to  help  implement  analytics  and  metrics  that  enable  a  realtime,  actionable  closedloop  feedback  quality  system.  this  is  central  to  making  effective  datadriven  decisions,  efficient  manufacturing,  and  squeakyclean  quality  a  reality.  automated  manufacturing  processes,  when  they  are  new  and  perfectly  maintained,  assure  repeatability.  but  blindly  assuming  that  their  performance  remains  completely  accurate  over  weeks,  months  and  years  of  use  is  risky.  in  historical  best  practices,  quality  professionals  have  focused  on  recording  and  predicting  product  quality  by  manually  capturing  measurements  with  sampling  frequencies,  depending  on  the  characteristics.  many  new
__label__productinspection manufacturing  lines  have  modern  automation  in  the  form  of  robotics,  advanced  manufacturing  and  measuring  equipment,  and  stateoftheart  controllers.  however,  using  legacy  thought  processes,  the  new  equipment  and  controls  are  often  operated  in  a  preprogrammed,  open  loop  mode  where  important  quality  data  is  manually  captured  by  technicians  who  later  key  information  into  spreadsheets  or  specialized  quality  software  for  afterthefact  analysis.  with  the  availability  of  modern  measuring  systems,  important  data  can  be  reliably  and  automatically  captured  inline  and  even  analyzed  locally  in  real  time.  this  presents  a  remarkable  opportunity  to  detect  and  act  on  issues  quickly.  yet,  too  often,  process  engineering  plans
__label__productinspection for  the  measurements  are  simply  used  for  automated  go/nogo  determinations  to  route  nonconforming  parts  to  offline  chutes  and  bins  for  further  analysis  later.  in  other  cases,  manually  captured  data  is  compiled  into  charts  and  metrics  at  the  end  of  the  shift  or  day.  while  these  quality  information  activities  can  be  considered  a  form  of  closed  loop  feedback,  the  time  delays  lead  to  postmortem  styled  reviews  after  the  information  is  often  no  longer  actionable  in  preventing,  or  at  least  correcting,  quality  problems.  the  goal  of  quality  management  is  not  only  to  catch  occasional  mistakes,  but  to  prevent  product  issues  by  identifying
__label__productinspection when  key  characteristics  begin  to  trend  out  of  control.  as  a  result,  more  managers  are  turning  to  closedloop  automation  of  measurements  inside  a  plant.  this  approach  offers  the  promise  of  maintaining  a  continuous  stream  of  accurate,  complete,  and  valuable  status  information  during  the  entire  production  cycle  to  provide  actionable  uptotheminute  quality  analytics.  the  barriers  to  implementing  a  closed  loop  have  lowered  as  automated  production  lines  have  become  more  sophisticated,  capable,  and  smart.  the  data  they  are  generating  can  be  sent  to  central  servers  via  the  inplant  network  for  aggregation  and  realtime  analysis  to  not  only  warn  of  actual  nonconformances,  but
__label__productinspection also  to  identify  trends  that  will  ultimately  lead  to  physical  nonconformances.  this  kind  of  closed  loop  smart  manufacturing  provides  operators,  specialists,  and  managers  access  to  accurate  and  timely  quality  metrics  and  alerts.  the  iiot  technology  available  for  production  facilities  now  enables  direct  connections  to  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs  and  smart  sensors  on  process  equipment  and  tooling  to  monitor  operating  parameters,  such  as  speed,  cycle  time,  temperature,  pressure,  flow  rate,  current,  and  voltage.  this  makes  it  feasible  and  affordable  to  capture  both  process  and  product  measurements  for  each  work  piece  in  the  overall  measurement  scheme.  moreover,  when  automated  monitoring  of  process
__label__productinspection parameters  is  combined  with  inline  measurements  of  product  characteristics,  the  information  flow  and  realtime  analytics  assures  an  effective  transactional  quality  management  system.  so,  while  designing  sound  manufacturing  processes  based  on  failure  modes  and  effects  analysis  fmea  methodology  remains  a  smart  way  to  minimize  potential  risks,  quality  assurance  is  reinforced  as  iiot  connected  smart  devices  are  retrofitted  on  legacy  work  centers,  and  new  smart  equipment  blankets  plant  floors.  the  steady  stream  of  measurements  data  from  the  production  floor  enables  the  information  loop  to  be  closed  in  a  healthy  and  enduring  way.  with  realtime  analytics  built  on  spc  methods  applied  to  upper
__label__productinspection and  lower  control  limits,  quality  specialists  and  operations  managers  can  access  uptotheminute  metrics  to  predict  product  quality  and  receive  alerts  for  looming  quality  issues.  with  this  automated  lean  information  flow,  they  are  also  able  to  predict  when  equipment  will  need  maintenance  prior  to  impacting  product  quality  or  interrupting  production  schedules.  this  in  turn  helps  to  assure  maximum  uptime  and  equipment  utilization  in  support  of  efficiencies,  consistent  quality,  and  ontime  deliveries.  a  case  in  point  is  one  electronics  and  aerospace  supplier  that  has  automated  the  capture  of  iot  sensor  data  on  the  factory  floor  through  its  integrated  spc,  manufacturing  execution  system
__label__productinspection mes,  and  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  software.  the  manufacturer  was  able  to  achieve  a  75  reduction  in  its  time  to  react  to  manufacturing  issues.  by  relying  on  realtime  monitoring,  prevention,  and  prediction  instead  of  reaction,  this  company  also  was  able  to  demonstrate  to  prospective  and  existing  customers  that  it  had  a  lightsout  quality  manufacturing  system  with  strong  uptime  availability.  with  so  much  focus  on  the  application  of  lean  manufacturing  principles  and  practices,  quality  managers  also  need  to  be  focused  on  lean  information  flow.  anytime  people  are  involved  in  data  capture,  transfer,  and  analysis,  it  is  possible  for  distractions,  fatigue,  and
__label__productinspection delays  to  introduce  missing  or  false  data,  skewing  metrics.  like  any  process,  information  flow  or  lack  thereof  with  poor  definition  and  wasted  effort  can  bring  a  high  risk  of  failure.  two  approaches  are  commonly  seen  in  creating  a  lean  information  flow.  the  first  is  the  use  of  bestofbreed  software  systems  knit  together  with  intensive  integration  in  the  overall  plant  information  system.  the  second  approach  is  the  use  of  comprehensive,  purposebuilt  enterprise  business  and  manufacturing  software  systems.  both  architectures  can  deliver  analytic  toolssuch  as  realtime  metrics,  trend  analysis,  constantly  refreshed  charts,  and  quality  alertsto  office  computers,  tablets,  and  smart  phones  to
__label__productinspection keep  leaders  closely  connected  to  the  shop  floor.  both  models  also  can  be  deployed  in  an  internal  data  center,  public  cloud,  or  a  hybrid  of  the  two  platforms.  there  are  several  factors  to  consider  regarding  one  deployment  model  over  the  other,  such  as  scalability,  overall  expense,  and  system  responsiveness.  however,  the  efficient  flow  of  information  in  the  database  structure  and  the  strength  of  the  applications  business  logic  is  more  far  more  important  to  quality  success.  there  is  one  especially  valuable  added  benefit  of  assuring  a  lean  information  flow:  lean  cultures  are  improved  as  operators  and  managers  accurately  know  what  challenges
__label__productinspection and  root  causes  they  are  dealing  with,  enabling  quick  datadriven  decisions  to  resolve  and  prevent  problems.  an  unexpected  payoff  is  the  development  of  a  healthy  lets  decide  now  culture  where  engaged  employees  are  armed  with  realtime  information  to  manage  their  operations.  the  introduction  of  iot  technologies  in  product  design  and  smart  manufacturing  has  brought  the  industry  to  the  brink  of  enabling  effective  and  efficient  management  of  production  with  virtually  perfect  quality.  what  remains  is  for  company  leadership  to  work  with  product  and  process  designers  to  envision  these  innovations  and  then  provide  resources  and  authority  to  establish  the  supply  chain  of
__label__productinspection the  futurenow.  ed  potoczak,  iqms  director  of  industry  relations,  brings  extensive  expertise  in  manufacturing  and  engineering.  he  is  currently  a  manufacturing  enterprise  solutions  association  mesa  americas  board  member,  participating  in  the  smart  manufacturing  working  group.  he  also  is  certified  in  design  for  manufacture  and  assembly  and  value  analysis/value  engineering.for  more  information,  call  805  2271122  x532,  email  or  visit  .  you  must  have  javascript  enabled  to  enjoy  a  limited  number  of  articles  over  the  next  30  days.  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved  bnp  media.  design,  cms,  hosting  web  development  ::
__label__productinspection follow  us  on:  follow  us  on:  jul  14,  2016  dell  recently  hosted  its  ,  which  asked  companies  to  submit  their  innovative  iot  solutions  using  the  dell  edge  gateway  device.  was  a  goldmedal  winner  for  its  videoanalytics  solution  that  leverages  thermalimaging  cameras  and  plc/sensor  data  for  realtime  process  and  quality  control.  whats  special  about  your  solution?  we  recognized  early  on  that  things  like  big  data  analytics  and  machine  learning  can  only  take  your  solution  so  far;  we  are  able  to  build  up  a  certain  level  of  specialized  expertise  looking  at  raw  data,  but  by  far,  the  best  expertise  is  found  on
__label__productinspection the  factory  floor.  each  factory  has  experts  at  every  stage  and  level  of  the  production  operation,  and  there  is  a  collective  intelligence  that  can  be  tapped  within  every  plant.  so,  weve  designed  a  solution  that  works  with  operators,  enabling  them  to  share  input  and  feedback  on  the  events  eigen  detects,  which  in  turn  helps  software  get  smarter,  and  helps  the  community  on  the  factory  floor  get  smarter.  we  think  of  this  concept  as  augmented  intelligenceour  solution  is  bringing  together  connectivity  between  the  machines,  operators  and  software  for  an  endtoend  experience  that  continually  improves.  what  are  applications  for  this  solution?  since
__label__productinspection the  backbone  of  our  solution  is  a  machinelearning  platform,  it  can  be  used  in  almost  any  application.  that  said,  where  the  value  comes  through  is  in  complex  manufacturing  processes  where  we  are  able  to  realize  massive  gains  in  efficiency  and  accuracy  of  detection  not  possible  to  achieve  in  a  manual  way.  we  find  this  a  lot  in  the  automotive  and  the  foodprocessing  industries,  where  we  are  primarily  focused.  we  also  have  applications  in  construction  materials  and  smelting.  the  applications  are  all  realtime,  qualitycontrol  monitoring  for  defect  detection  and  avoidance.  how  critical  is  the  realtime  element  of  your  solution?  we  have
__label__productinspection applications  that  monitor  conveyors  moving  product  at  1,000s  of  feet  per  minute,  and  require  a  defectdetectionandavoidance  cycle  of  seconds.  in  automotive,  partsfabrication  is  measured  in  seconds,  and  costperunit  can  be  significantly  reduced  for  every  second  of  efficiency  in  processing.  our  solutions  are  closedlooped  to  the  manufacturing  equipment,  where  the  realtime  analytics  processed  on  the  edge  must  interrupt  the  manufacturing  process  in  order  to  prevent  costly  defects  from  happening.  realtime  capability  is  the  most  critical  thing  about  our  solution.  how  is  predictive  maintenance  changing  the  world  of  manufacturing?  at  this  time,  our  usecase  is  more  about  monitoring  and  controlling  the  quality
__label__productinspection of  product  through  the  manufacturing  process  itself.  however,  there  is  obviously  a  direct  correlation  between  the  performance  of  the  machine  and  the  quality  of  its  output.  where  we  see  this  going  is  converging  the  big  data  analytics  on  the  machine  performance  with  the  data  produced  from  the  quality  monitoring  to  make  the  machine  more  selfaware  of  its  need  for  maintenance,  based  on  the  quality  of  what  its  producing.  we  are  really  honored  and  excited  to  be  recognized  by  dell  this  way.  we  are  focused  on  adding  value  to  our  platform  for  customers,  and  the  dell  award  certainly  helps  contribute  to
__label__productinspection that  effort  directly.  however,  we  believe  the  access  we  gain  to  dell  facilities  to  help  test  our  softwarethe  gotomarket  guidance  and  assistance,  the  strategic  insights,  the  relationships  we  gained  with  dell  executives  and  leadershipare  the  most  valuable  part  of  this  award,  and  we  look  forward  to  continuing  to  work  with  dell  as  we  build  out  more  of  the  eigen  solution.  what  most  excites  you  about  the  digital  transformation  of  industry?  i  think  about  it  from  the  angle  of  how  its  exciting  for  the  softwaredevelopment  industry.  i  think  theres  a  notion  that  computer  programming  meant  working  on  something  related  to  enterprise
__label__productinspection software  or  digital  consumer  software.  with  industrial  iot,  especially,  that  idea  is  changing  rapidly,  as  it  requires  a  mix  of  skill  sets  from  multiple  disciplines  working  together.  for  many  people  used  to  developing  softwareonly  solutions,  theres  an  exciting  and  rewarding  alternative  where  youre  building  solutions  that  are  tied  directly  to  tangible  assets  and  production  operations,  and  the  possibilities  for  innovation  are  endless.  access  the  entire  print  issue  online  and  be  notified  each  month  via  email  when  your  new  issue  is  ready  for  you.  .  biweekly  updates  delivering  feature  articles,  headlines  with  direct  links  to  the  top  news  stories  that  are
__label__productinspection critical  to  staying  up  to  date  on  the  industry  company  news,  product  announcements,  technical  issues  and  more.  .  a  funny  thing  is  happening  as  we  mature  into  digital  transformationour  predictions  are  getting  better.  the  27  women  who  joined  the  ranks  of  influential  women  in  manufacturing  are  recognized  for  change  leadership.  boosting  the  performance  of  our  machines  is  the  goal  of  all  of  our  digitaltransformation  efforts,  right?  copyright  2019  smart  industry.  all  rights  reserved.  p:  6304671300  1501  e.  woodfield  road,  suite  400n,  schaumburg,  il  60173
__label__productinspection your  message  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  one  of  our  experts  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  request  or  to  inquire  for  additional  information  if  needed.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how
__label__productinspection we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  dear  name,  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  vacancies.  you  will  receive  weekly  notifications  based  on  your  career  preferences.  we  are  looking  forward  to  getting  in  touch  with  you.  best  regards,  recruiting  team  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.
__label__productinspection check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  your  email  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  our  expert  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  question  in  detail.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  internet  of  things  iot  adoption  in  the  manufacturing  industry  has  been  happening  at  a  measured  pace,  but  the  awareness  is  growing  stronger.  in  2018,  only  deployed  industrial  iot
__label__productinspection applications.  but  34  of  industry  players  are  deep  into  the  consideration  stage:  monitoring  developments,  but  not  being  active  with  the  projects  just  yet.  the  next  five  years,  however,  are  poised  to  become  crucial  in  terms  of  growth.  the  global  iot  in  manufacturing  industry  is  expected  to  witness  a  significant  within  the  20172024  period.  such  exceptional  growth  can  be  attributed  to  several  factors:  and  a  growing  number  of  smes,  building  their  operations  using  advanced  tech  stack  from  day  one.  the  are  already  iotready  and  include  gateways  to  receive  information  from  sensors  installed  in  equipment,  making  iot  adoption  the  next  logical  step
__label__productinspection towards  developing  a  better  line  of  command.  ,  enable  companies  to  strategically  automate  lowvalue  processes  and  streamline  the  manufacturing  pipeline  with  the  help  of  ai.  new  algorithms  are  capable  to  operationalize  new  types  of  data  including  audio,  video  and  image  cues  the  data  that  is  offlimits  to  the  majority  of  traditional  analytics  solutions.  .  lack  of  unified  protocols  for  securely  storing  and  transmitting  data  has  been  slowing  down  iot  adoption  across  both  b2c  and  b2b  verticals.  blockchain  an  immutable  digital  ledger  technology  has  emerged  as  a  new  protocol  for  seamless  and  fast  data  exchanges  within  largescale  networks  of  interconnected  gadgets.
__label__productinspection together,  blockchain  and  iot  can  revolutionize  supply  chain  management;  improve  track  and  traceability,  warranty  management  and  maintenance,  repair  and  overhaul  mro  processes.  so,  what  is  the  internet  of  things  role  in  the  future  of  manufacturing?  according  to  ,  enterprises  identify  the  next  strategic  priorities  for  their  inhouse  iot  projects:  the  internet  of  things  and  the  future  of  manufacturing  are  strongly  connected  to  the  businesses  abilities  to  operationalize  big  data.  the  majority  of  enterprises  already  has  certain  analytics  capabilities  to  crunch  proprietary  data.  the  problem,  however,  is  that  legacy  solutions  are  no  longer  fast  or  effective  enough  per  se.  for  example,
__label__productinspection legacy  monitoring  systems  can  only  locate  failures  in  a  few  hours  before  they  occur.  they  come  with  a  limited  capacity  and  visibility  into  the  entire  manufacturing  process,  and  can  only  identify  failures  at  certain  verticals.  creating  custom  engineering  algorithms  with  predictive  functionality  for  each  process  type  is  a  lengthy  and  costprohibitive  endeavor  for  most  business.  machine  learning  techniques  effectively  address  these  shortcomings.  when  connected  to  the  proprietary  data  warehouse,  mlalgorithms  can  provide  nearrealtime  insights  from  the  data  at  hand.  specifically,  the  key  benefits  of  machine  learning  approaches  to  manufacturing  reside  in  the  following  areas:  iot  gadgets,  powered  by  ml  and
__label__productinspection connected  to  systems,  can  instantly  notify  your  teams  about  any  abnormalities  in  the  equipment  performance  such  as  changes  in  pressure,  temperature,  vibration  and  so  on.  this  enables  enterprises  to  make  operational  predictions  up  to  and  with  greater  accuracy  when  compared  to  traditional  bi  tools.  so,  lets  take  a  closer  look  at  the  successful  internet  of  thing  manufacturing  examples  and  use  cases.  iot  has  the  potential  to  completely  revamp  the  current  assembly  line  setup,  just  like  fords  new  approach  did  back  in  the  day.  fully  digital  factories  controlled  and  managed  remotely  have  already  come  to  existence.  from  packing  to  shipment  of
__label__productinspection the  final  product.  sensors  can  deliver  realtime  data  that  could  be  further  analyzed  and  translated  into  better  process  management  and  cost  optimization  suggestions.  additionally,  iot  can  provide  stakeholders  with  information  about  lags  in  production;  helping  further  reduce  the  waste  and  unnecessary  inventory.  for  instance,  an  early  example  of  successful  smart  factories  has  roughly  75  of  its  processes  automated,  with  1,500  field  employees  responsible  for  just  operating  the  software  and  monitoring  the  production.  .  describes  how  such  setups  can  look  and  function:  workers  will  receive  additional  support  through  smart  glasses,  visualizing  the  required  steps  they  need  to  take.  required  piecework  will
__label__productinspection be  commissioned  automatically.  missing  or  custom  parts  can  be  printed  in  3d  on  a  per  need  basis.  each  product  status  remains  under  constant  supervision,  ensuring  higher  standards  of  quality  assurance  and  increased  transparency  into  all  processes.  accumulated  data  can  be  leveraged  to  ramp  up  operational  efficiency  even  further.  has  already  ventured  into  iotassisted  production.  employees  operating  on  the  factory  floor  can  use  tablets  or  smart  glasses  to  review  the  task  at  hand  and  dispatch  into  a  robotic  tool  for  completion.  such  synergy  of  technology  and  people  has  substantially  accelerated  the  manufacturing  process  as  the  company  execs  report.  is  another  important
__label__productinspection process,  coming  to  the  fore  as  a  result  of  transitioning  towards  smarter  manufacturing.  companies  already  have  plenty  of  production  data,  and  one  of  the  ways  to  use  it  for  better  decisionmaking  is  to  apply  it  towards  creating  virtual  representations  of  certain  assets  that  match  their  realword  prototypes.  a  digital  twin  of  a  product  or  one  of  its  components  can  be  used  to  simulate  the  product  properties  in  the  early  stage  of  development,  without  investing  in  physical  pilots  and  prototypes.  your  engineering  team  can  test,  validate  and  optimize  various  product  elements  to  ensure  smooth  functioning  in  advance,  identify  and  eliminate  possible
__label__productinspection gaps.  with  the  help  of  iot  gadgets,  data  from  simulation  models  and  prototypes  can  be  sent  for  instant  analysis  and  transformed  into  actionable  product  development  insights.  for  example,  you  can  precisely  understand  how  your  equipment  will  operate  at  extremely  low/high  temperatures  in  realworld  environments.  digital  twinning  also  enables  virtual  commissioning  of  new  machinery.  siemens  recently  partnered  with  bozhon  a  chinese  manufacturing  company  to  remotely  create  an  assembly  cell  with  robot  arms  that  was  used  at  a  trade  show.  such  approach  allowed  the  customer  to  achieve  30  in  time  savings  through  accelerated  development,  delivery  and  commissioning.  the  concept  of  digital  twinning
__label__productinspection further  extends  to  the  production.  the  smart  simulation  processes  can  be  applied  towards  visualizing  and  optimizing  every  element  of  the  production  line:  additional  applications  of  machine  learning  in  manufacturing  include  the  ,  costing  industrial  manufacturers  a  hefty  on  average.  failed  equipment  is  the  root  cause  for  42  of  those  outrages.  predictive  maintenance  the  ability  to  predict  failure  in  advance  and  receive  prescriptive  maintenance  guidance  is  one  of  highest  roi  big  data  use  cases  in  manufacturing.  that  this  intelligent  approach  can:  the  competitive  advantage  of  ml  comes  into  play  here  yet  again,  as  aialgorithms  can  detect  patterns  and  anomalies  on  a
__label__productinspection larger  scale  than  any  other  analytical  solution,  driving  continuous  improvements  for  businesses.  for  instance,  french  power  utility  edf  group  saved  on  maintenance  after  deploying  a  machine  learningdriven  early  warning  system  on  equipment  failure.  .  by  pairing  iot  devices  with  mlalgorithms  organizations  unlock  instant  access  to  an  array  of  new  insights,  enabling  better  safety  management  procedures,  financial  loss  optimization  and  cybersecurity  mechanisms.  machine  learning  can  be  set  responsible  for  performing  regular  vulnerability  and  penetration  tests  as  part  of  the  organizationwide  industrial  control  system  security  program.  this  way  you  can  automatically  discover  gaps  in  your  policies  and  infrastructure  and  patch  them  before
__label__productinspection any  criminal  tries  to  exploit  them.  iot  sensors,  placed  on  key  infrastructure,  can  be  tuned  to  instantly  send  information  whenever  any  tampering  is  suspected.  you  can  also  proactively  improve  onsite  employees  safety  and  performance  by  giving  each  worker  a  connected  wearable  device.  has  recently  run  a  pilot,  testing  how  the  new  mlsystem  can  capture  data  to  identify  threatening  heat  stress  accumulated  by  factory  workers.  .  with  the  help  of  big  data  analytics  manufacturing  industry  can  estimate  exactly  when  product  issues  emerge.  sensors  can  collect  data  about  the  composition  and  state  of  raw  materials,  entering  the  production  facility;  temperature  and  working
__label__productinspection environment  factors  and  even  the  impact  of  transportation  on  perishable  inventory.  inbuilt  product  sensors  can  help  businesses  unlock  additional  insights  about  the  customer  product  using  patterns.  such  knowledge  can  be  then  applied  to  eliminating  quality  issues  or  adding  enhancements  to  the  newer  line  of  products.  the  benefits  of  iot  further  extend  towards  supply  chain  management,  allowing  manufacturers  to  optimize  the  shipping  process;  gain  more  visibility  into  how  products  are  handled  by  the  distributors  and  at  what  stages  the  bottlenecks  occur.  all  of  that  information  can  be  fed  into  erm,  plm  and  other  proprietary  systems  for  analysis.  capturing  such  data  from
__label__productinspection suppliers  can  help  you  locate  the  key  interdependencies,  predict  when  certain  issues  may  arise  and  optimize  manufacturing  cycle  times.  the  scope  of  benefits  brought  in  by  the  internet  of  things  extends  across  four  dimensions:  traditional  manufacturing  setups  usually  present  themselves  as  a  collection  of  looselycoupled  cogs,  governed  by  some  general  rules,  often  paperbased.  by  making  those  cogs  more  intelligent,  manufacturers  can  achieve  higher  levels  of  automation,  eliminate  lowvalue  and  unnecessary  production  steps,  and  make  the  entire  system  function  as  a  cohesive  whole.  specifically,  internet  of  things  automation  capabilities  lead  to  the  next  improvements:  encompassing,  realtime  data  collection  and  analysis  make
__label__productinspection production  systems  more  responsive  to  changes.  whenever  a  bottleneck  or  a  deviation  occurs,  it  is  instantly  flagged  for  inspection.  ontheground  staff  can  spend  less  time  on  manual  optimization  and  system  checkups  as  all  problems  will  be  diagnosed  programmatically,  accelerating  the  entire  improvement  cycle.  iot  empowers  your  employees  with  instant  access  to  the  necessary  information  and  tools  at  the  right  time.  your  teams  receive  a  unified  view  of  the  production  system  and  can  proactively  address  any  issues.  for  instance,  the  analytics  interface  can  present  the  team  leader  with  current  and  historical  data  on  a  specific  process,  pinpoint  the  existing  problem  and
__label__productinspection suggest  relevant  root  cause  problemsolving  tools  and  best  practices.  to  capture  even  more  benefits  of  iot,  you  can  unlock  your  system  to  external  entities.  suppliers  can  track  consumption  and  quality  issues  in  materials,  and  perform  adjustments  at  their  end;  auditors  can  receive  a  clear  outlook  into  your  data  and  ensure  that  you  are  compliant;  and  equipment  manufacturers  can  review,  monitor  and  control  the  provided  machinery  remotely.  backing  up  your  manufacturing  life  cycles  by  big  data  analytics  and  iot  means  that  you  can  not  just  create  new  best  practices,  but  also  ensure  that  this  new  way  of  doing  things  is  simple.
__label__productinspection the  optimum  settings  can  be  just  one  click  away.  your  employees  should  see  and  experience  the  clear  value  of  the  new  system,  rather  than  fret  about  how  things  were  easier  back  in  the  day.  smart  systems  can  also  increase  organizationwide  transparency  and  knowledge  flow  as  all  staff  receives  access  to  a  centralized  repository  of  best  practices,  ideas  and  expertise,  created  by  different  divisions.  to  align  iot,  big  data  and  manufacturing,  enterprises  should  focus  on  the  following  four  areas:  your  legacy  systems  may  not  suffice  for  the  increased  number  of  data  you  will  need  to  collect  and  operationalize.  iotbased  projects  are
__label__productinspection typically  hosted  in  the  cloud.  with  ondemand  elasticity  and  payperuse  pricing,  the  cloud  is  a  far  more  attractive  candidate  for  storing  big  data  and  running  largescale  analysis.  consider  a  robust  software  framework  as  well.  is  a  solid  choice  in  this  case,  as  it  comes  with  a  host  of  attractive  cloud  products  and  seamless  .  accumulating  and  processing  large  volumes  of  data  at  a  rapid  pace  becomes  simple,  even  when  dealing  with  multiple  connected  devices.  depending  on  your  needs,  you  may  want  to  either  develop  a  custom  algorithm  or  leverage  predictive  capabilities  that  are  now  prefurbished  into  most  industrial  iot  platforms
__label__productinspection such  as  microsoft  azure  iot,  sap  predictive  maintenance  software,  amazon  aws  iot,  ibm  watson  iot  and  ge  predix.  before  you  can  optimize  your  processes,  you  will  need  to  establish  the  baseline  metrics.  to  assess  the  potential  impact  and  severity  of  failures,  schedule  a  product  reliability  analysis,  applying  different  tests  to  establish  how  the  devices  will  function  under  certain  conditions  within  a  certain  timeframe.  businesses  with  mature  iot  systems  can  predict  issues  with  equipment,  software  or  service  parts  months  in  advance,  even  before  they  resurface  as  a  detectable  warranty  claim.  lack  of  qualified  workers,  capable  to  operate  smart  plants,  is  a
__label__productinspection pressing  industry  issue.  talent  acquisition  and  onsite  training  should  become  the  top  priority  for  organizations  planning  to  undergo  the  transition.  while  smart  systems  bring  automation  at  scale,  they  still  need  to  be  supervised  and  maintained  by  experienced  staff,  or  otherwise,  their  value  to  the  production  will  remain  low.  the  same  goes  for  offsite  expertise,  responsible  for  developing  the  software  backend  of  your  smart  operations.  finding  experienced  partners  will  be  key  to  ensure  rapid  and  effective  transition  towards  industry  4.0.  infopulse  team  has  successfully  helped  global  manufacturing  companies  and  bring  transformative  changes  to  their  operations.  we  invite  you  to  of  your
__label__productinspection regardless  of  who  you  talk  to,  everybody  agrees  that  the  will  be  the  next  big  thing  no  pun  intended.  the  excitement  for  iot  is  supported  by:  several  of  these  iot  scenarios  are  very  enduser  oriented,  e.g.  driven  by  crowd  funding  and  the  .  examples  include  the  pebble  smart  watch,  the  innovative  tile  product  a  thing  locator  or  the  smart  hue  light  bulbs.  however,  many  iot  examples  are  more  focused  on  industrial  applications,  including  fleet  management,  telematics,  and  smart  grids,  telehealth,  and  so  on.  in  this  post,  i  will  introduce  two  use  cases  from  retail  logistics  and  the  industrial  area  with
__label__productinspection a  particular  focus  on  how  big  data  can  be  leveraged.  retail  logistics  is  a  key  area  where  iot  is  expected  to  have  a  huge  impact  as  an  enabling  technology.  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  has  been  used  successfully  in  logistics  ,  pallets  and  crates  for  some  time  now,  primarily  in  closed  loop  systems  and  mostly  with  highvalue  goods.  the  massive  investments  in  iot  technologies  are  promising  to  help  reduce  costs  for  rfid  and  similar  technologies,  eventually  making  the  tracking  of  goods  on  an  itemlevel  a  feasible  business  case.  for  retailers,  this  has  many  advantages,  including  inventory  accuracy,  reduction  of  administrative  overhead,
__label__productinspection automated  customer  checkout  processes  and  a  reliable  antitheft  system.  other  emerging  technologies  are  socalled  .  these  beacons  are  indoor  positioning  systems,  which  can  interact  directly  with  modern  smart  phones,  e.g.  using  bluetooth  low  energy  ble.  a  network  of  instore  beacons  can  identify  the  location  of  customers  in  a  store  and  send  them  push  notifications.  for  example,  a  user  might  create  a  shopping  list  on  his  smart  phone  and  share  it  with  the  store  app.  upon  entering  the  store,  the  store  app  will  display  a  map  to  the  customer,  which  highlights  all  the  products  on  his  shopping  list.  every  time  the
__label__productinspection customer  gets  close  to  a  position  where  a  group  of  products  from  his  shopping  list  is  located,  the  app  will  notify  him  and  make  a  recommendation  for  a  particular  brand.  at  the  checkout  point,  the  system  could  identify  all  the  products  in  the  shopping  cart  automatically  via  rfid,  create  and  confirm  an  invoice,  and  use  the  smart  phone  to  process  the  payment.  the  stores  inventory  system  is  automatically  updated  when  the  checkout  process  is  complete.  the  use  of  a  nosql  data  repository  would  be  of  great  benefit  for  storing  all  kinds  of  structured,  semistructured  and  unstructured  customer  related  data,  including
__label__productinspection shopping  history  and  movements  through  the  store.  advanced  data  analytics  algorithms  could  be  used  to  analyze  the  customers  movements  and  past  shopping  decisions.  this  enables  the  iot  application  to  generate  shopping  recommendations  that  can  be  pushed  to  the  customers  smart  phone  while  in  the  store,  or  to  notify  him  of  special  offers  for  example  if  the  system  detects  that  the  customer  is  returning  to  an  area  in  proximity  to  the  store.  industry  4.0,  smart  factory  and  industrial  internet  are  some  of  the  terms  used  to  describe  the  social  and  technological  revolution  that  promises  to  change  the  current  industrial  landscape.  there
__label__productinspection are  many  examples  discussed  and  explored  in  this  area,  from  leveraging  iot  supply  chain  optimization  to  the  modularization  of  production  lines  with  the  help  of  intelligent  products.  one  interesting  example  that  i  explore  here  is  related  to  the  increasing  use  of  handheld  tools  in  manufacturing,  e.g.  for  the  assembly  of  automobiles,  airplanes,  trains  and  ships.  in  recent  years,  these  tools  have  become  more  powerful  e.g.  torque  and  are  now  equipped  with  long  lasting  batteries,  enabling  workers  to  use  them  without  the  limitations  of  power  cables  or  a  fixed  connection  to  an  air  compressor.  this  greatly  enhances  flexibility,  but  also  poses
__label__productinspection certain  challenges  from  a  manufacturing  process  point  of  view,  which  can  be  addressed  by  leveraging  iot  capabilities.  one  of  the  key  iot  concepts  is  the  development  of  intelligent,  connected  edge  devices.  one  example  for  such  an  iot  device  is  a  nut  runner  which  is  equipped  with  an  onboard  computer  and  wireless  connectivity.  the  onboard  computer  supports  many  aspects  of  the  tightening  process,  from  configuration  e.g.  which  torque  to  use  to  creating  a  protocol  of  the  work  completed  e.g.  which  torque  was  actually  measured.  in  addition,  the  nut  runner  features  a  laser  scanner  for  component  identification.  by  integrating  such  an  intelligent
__label__productinspection edge  device  into  the  iot,  very  powerful  services  can  be  developed  that  can  help  with  supply  chain  optimization  and  modularizing  the  production  line.  for  example,  these  intelligent  tightening  tools  can  now  be  managed  by  a  central  asset  management  application,  which  provides  different  services:  the  central  asset  management  system  can  help  with  optimizing  tool  maintenance,  for  example  by  periodically  reading  calibration  information  from  the  remote  tools  via  the  factory  wlan.  the  asset  management  application  can  serve  as  the  bridge  between  the  power  tools  and  the  erp  enterprise  resource  planning  and  mes  manufacturing  execution  system  systems  that  control  the  manufacturing  process.  for
__label__productinspection example,  the  asset  management  system  can  distribute  work  orders  and  configurations  to  the  tools.  in  addition,  the  asset  management  application  can  document  each  tightening  process  by  creating  inspection  lots  e.g.  using  torque  recordings  from  the  tools  and  associate  them  with  the  bom  bill  of  material  in  the  erp  system.  such  a  production  documentation  system  can  benefit  hugely  from  big  data  and  nosql  technologies  that  allow  the  aggregation  of  large  volumes  of  heterogeneous,  multistructured  data  about  the  production  process,  including  legacy  data  from  many  different  systems,  in  addition  to  images  and  film  recordings  from  different  production  modules.  in  an  age  where
__label__productinspection manufacturers  can  suffer  huge  costs  from  large  product  recalls,  this  can  be  a  very  powerful  tool.  how  can  your  iot  vision  benefit  from  big  data  technology?  as  a  starting  point,  please  download  our  joint  iot  and  big  data  whitepaper  with  mongodb.  hi..do  you  have  iiot  use  cases  for  standard  room  quality  department  in  manufacturing  industry?  hi  ,  i  am  doing  a  project  based  on  the  smart  manufacturing  techinques  used  bosch  .can  i  have  some  ideas  ??  :/  :  /  i  truly  never  imagined  that  such  a  day  will  come  to  pass  well,  now  that  it  has,  it  finally  appears  that
__label__productinspection the  iot  is  all  that  it  promises.  the  real  world  examples  of  iot  at  work  in  industry  and  logistics  shows  that  its  potential  lies  far  beyond  the  fancy  gadgets  it  will  enable  as  most  usually  projected  in  mainstream  media.  the  need  of  the  hour  is  an  ideal  .thanks  for  the  post  i  really  mean  it  do  you  have  use  cases  for  beacons  in  manufacturing  industry?  iot  is  an  active  sensor,  while  beacon  is  more  passive  and  requires  a  ble  detector  e.g.,  smartphone  to  make  the  connection  to  the  cloud.  i  am  struggling  to  find  the  case  outside  of  retail.  way
__label__productinspection finder  is  one,  but  it  is  not  specific  to  any  industry.  any  information  is  appreciated.  dear  bob,  thanks  for  your  question.  maybe  thinking  beacon  technology  in  a  broader  sense  we  can  refer  to  an  iiot  track  trace  system  that  we  currently  implement  within  an  industrial  internet  consortium  testbed.  we  measure  proximity  of  handheld  industrial  power  tools  and  add  a  triangulation  layer  to  generate  geodata,  e.g.  for  indoor  geofencing  alarms.  if  you  want  to  get  more  details,  please  refer  to  .  while  iot  will  be  a  bidirectional,  beacons  are  more  of  a  push  communication  between  devices.  thus  all  the  use  cases
__label__productinspection where  service  providers  want  to  push  offers,  information  across  industries  retail,  healthcare,  travel  etc  can  leverage  beacon  technology.  from  that  perspective,  manufacturing  might  have  limited  use  cases  for  beacon  tech  and  no  surprise,  retail  has  the  most.
__label__productinspection connecting  machine  vision  systems  to  the  iot  creates  a  powerful  network  capability.  being  able  to  identify  objects  from  cameras  allows  the  local  node  to  be  more  intelligent  and  have  greater  autonomy,  thus  reducing  the  processing  load  on  central  servers  and  allowing  a  more  distributed  control  architecture.  this  is  turn  provides  more  efficient  operation  that  requires  much  less  external  input.  by  mark  patrick,  mouser  electronics  machine  vision  has  developed  in  great  strides  over  the  last  decade.  stateoftheart  algorithms  capable  of  detecting  edges  and  movement  within  video  frames,  alongside  advances  in  silicon  technology  relating  to  image  sensors,  programmable  logic,  microcontrollers  and  graphics
__label__productinspection processing  units  gpus,  have  helped  bring  it  into  a  wide  range  of  embedded  applications.  more  sophisticated  designs  that  can  be  downloaded  to  an  fpga  are  being  used  in  conjunction  with  new  development  environments,  such  as  opencv,  to  make  machine  vision  much  more  accessible  to  embedded  system  designers.  this  growing  proliferation  of  machine  vision  is  converging  with  the  trend  of  linking  up  industrial  systems  to  the  internet  of  things  iot.  ,  driven  in  part  by  the  supporting  computer  vision  algorithms,  so  the  data  produced  is  offering  valuable  insights  into  the  operation  of  industrial  systems.  this  in  turn  is  opening  up  new
__label__productinspection ways  of  monitoring  equipment,  with  autonomous  robotic  systems  such  as  drones  being  connected  to  iot  infrastructure.  part  of  the  move  to  machine  vision  is  driven  by  bandwidth  considerations,  while  the  other  major  motivation  is  the  prospect  of  automating  more  parts  of  an  industrial  operation.  one  of  the  key  applications  for  machine  vision  is  in  inspection  systems.  have  fallen  in  price  considerably  over  the  last  ten  years,  allowing  higher  resolution  examination  of  boards  and  systems  during  manufacturing.  these  camera  modules  are  combined  with  fpgas  to  add  more  processing  and  decision  making.  this  allows  the  camera  to  respond  accordingly  to  the  received
__label__productinspection data,  reducing  the  need  to  send  video  over  the  network  and  enhancing  overall  operational  efficiency.  robotic  machine  vision  system  connecting  the  machine  vision  elements  of  inspection  equipment  to  the  iot  provides  more  data  for  the  enterprise  systems  that  are  undertaking  analysis  on  the  performance  of  the  factory.  rather  than  raw  data,  machine  vision  can  provide  information  at  a  level  of  abstraction  that  is  suitable  for  such  enterprise  systems.  this  markedly  reduces  the  bandwidth  overhead  both  for  the  servers  and  the  network  as  a  whole  the  enterprise  systems  are  handling  millions  of  data  points  coming  from  the  iot,  so  any  reduction
__label__productinspection in  the  load  on  the  servers  will  help  to  make  more  timely  decisions.  the  rise  in  machine  vision  uptake  has  also  opened  up  the  market  for  robot  guidance  systems  in  automated  factories.  inspection  machines  can  thus  bypass  the  central  enterprise  servers  and  communicate  directly  with  other  equipment  in  the  factory,  based  on  the  results  derived  from  the  machine  vision  systems.  this  increases  efficiency  and  again  reduces  the  load  on  the  network  and  servers.  machine  vision  is  also  being  used  to  control  automated  equipment,  particularly  in  materials  handling.  this  encompasses  everything  from  the  control  systems  for  autonomous  robots  transferring  material  around
__label__productinspection a  plant  through  to  the  automated  picking  machines  in  warehouses  identifying  products.  for  autonomous  materials  handling  robots,  can  be  as  simple  as  determining  a  line  on  the  floor  to  follow  from  one  location  to  the  next.  however,  it  can  also  be  used  to  detect  people  or  obstacles  in  the  way,  allowing  factory  operatives  and  robots  to  work  together  safely  and  more  efficiently.  as  already  mentioned,  product  picking  is  now  also  employing  machine  vision  with  items  being  identified  via  their  barcode  and  then  a  robotic  gripper  being  aligned  to  capture  a  particular  item  and  place  it  into  a  basket.  the  camera
__label__productinspection and  local  processing  to  accompany  this  are  both  essential,  and  the  pickers/autonomous  robots  are  also  constantly  monitored  as  part  of  the  wider  iot.  this  has  even  extended  to  the  air,  with  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  increasingly  relying  on  machine  vision.  uavs  have  proven  to  be  a  highly  effective  method  for  carrying  out  inspections  in  hard  to  reach  areas,  such  as  oil  pipelines  and  gas  installations.  as  well  as  allowing  the  uav  to  identify  a  particular  target  area  and  approach  it,  so  that  it  can  be  examined  more  closely,  machine  vision  is  being  utilised  for  anticollision  purposes  avoiding  fixed  obstacles  and
__label__productinspection even  other  uavs  by  linking  the  camera  system  to  the  onboard  flight  controller.  robotic  machine  vision  system  then  there  is  the  surveillance  market.  the  increasing  use  of  machine  vision  has  tremendous  implications  here.  instead  of  feeding  back  megabits  of  video  data  every  second  for  an  operator  to  examine,  video  can  be  processed  locally  and  alarms  triggered  without  needing  any  human  intervention.  the  are  becoming  increasing  accurate.  as  a  consequence  they  are  much  better  able  to  differentiate  between  the  movement  of  an  intruder,  an  animal  or  leaves  on  a  tree  for  example,  allowing  an  operator  to  simultaneously  support  a  larger  number
__label__productinspection of  surveillance  nodes.  furthermore,  surveillance  cameras  can  themselves  instruct  other  machines  to  respond  to  an  alarm.  the  combining  of  autonomous  ground  and  air  vehicles,  such  as  uavs,  potentially  changes  the  whole  way  in  which  surveillance  operates.  rather  than  fixed  cameras  that  can  be  avoided,  imaging  systems  are  instead  mounted  on  airborne  craft  that  are  constantly  monitoring  the  area  while  in  flight.  these  uavs  then  return  to  a  charging  base  as  their  batteries  run  down,  and  other  drones  are  sent  out  to  replace  them.  this  means  constant  surveillance  cover  can  be  provided.  more  advanced  machine  vision  algorithms  are  able  identify  potential
__label__productinspection threats  and  then  summon  other  air  and  ground  craft  to  the  area  to  further  monitor  the  situation  all  without  the  involvement  of  an  operator.  the  same  type  of  scenario  applies  equally  well  to  agricultural  applications,  where  the  machine  vision  algorithms  on  an  airborne  craft  can  monitor  the  condition  of  crops  and  direct  an  operator  or  an  autonomous  tractor  to  the  target  area  if  an  issue  arises  that  it  deems  needs  some  form  of  responsive  action.  the  applications  outlined  here  have  been  enabled  by  progress  made  in  the  underlying  hardware  and  software  technologies.  the  structure  of  machine  vision  algorithms  is  increasingly
__label__productinspection sophisticated  and  they  can  be  downloaded  to  the  latest  fpgas  and  gpus.  these  devices  can  handle  8  or  16  channels  at  a  time,  supporting  rates  of  60  frame  per  second.  they  can  also  be  coupled  with  high  level  software  such  as  opencv.  originally  focussed  mainly  on  research  and  prototyping,  in  recent  years  opencv  has  increasingly  been  used  in  deployed  products  on  a  wide  range  of  platforms  from  cloud  to  mobile.  the  latest  version,  opencv  3.1,  has  just  been  released.  the  previous  version,  3.0,  was  a  major  overhaul,  bringing  opencv  up  to  modern  c  standards  and  incorporating  expanded  support  for  3d
__label__productinspection vision  and  augmented  reality.  the  new  3.1  release  introduces  improved  algorithms  for  important  functions  such  as  calibration,  optical  flow,  image  filtering,  segmentation  and  feature  detection.  machine  learning  is  the  obvious  next  stage  after  machine  vision.  computer  vison  algorithms  are  able  to  provide  deterministic  analysis  of  still  images  and  video  content,  but  machine  learning  is  applying  other  neural  network  approaches  to  teach  a  system  what  to  look  for.  the  latest  version  of  opencv,  for  example,  now  supports  for  deep  neural  networks  for  machine  learning.  the  increased  performance  of  fpgas  and  gpus  is  opening  up  new  opportunities  for  machine  learning.  this  relies
__label__productinspection on  a  training  phase,  where  the  neural  network  is  shown  many  different  images  that  are  tagged  with  the  objects  of  interest  and  is  usually  handled  by  a  large  server  system  in  a  lab  or  in  the  cloud.  it  produces  a  series  of  weights  and  bias  data  that  is  then  applied  to  the  same  network  implemented  in  the  embedded  design.  this  inference  engine  uses  those  weights  to  assess  whether  new  data  it  is  seeing  contains  those  objects.  for  example,  the  latest  surveillance  cameras  are  using  neural  network  machine  learning  algorithms  to  go  beyond  traditional  functions  like  monitoring  and  recording  and  offer
__label__productinspection additional  video  analysis  features  such  as  crowd  density  monitoring,  stereoscopic  vision,  facial  recognition,  people  counting  and  behaviour  analysis.  this  local  processing  can  then  be  delivered  into  the  iot  and  thereby  integrated  into  broader  analysis  software  within  the  cloud.  the  theme  of  the  nvent  schroff  booth  at  embedded  world  2019  was  experience  expertise  modularity,  performance,  protection  and  design.  join  us  as  our  experts  give  an  overview  of  th...  through  its  us  subsidiary,  located  in  minnesota,  garz  fricke  is  providing  support  for  its  growing  hmi  and  panelpc  business  in  the  usa  and  canada  while  also  strengthening  its  presence  in  north  a...  in
__label__productinspection a  much  larger  stand  than  in  previous  years,  at  embedded  world  2019  seco  showcases  its  wide  range  of  solutions  and  services  for  the  industrial  domain  and  iot.  among  the  main  innovations,  in  this  vid...  since  about  two  years  portwell  is  part  of  the  posiflex  group.  together  with  kiosk,  the  us  market  leader  in  kiosk  systems,  the  posiflex  group  is  a  strong  player  in  the  retail,  kiosk  and  embedded  market...  florian  freund,  engineering  director  dach  at  arrow  electronics  talks  us  through  arrows  transformation  from  distributor  to  technology  platform  provider  and  how  arrow  is  positioned  in  both,  custo...  arms  platform  security  architecture
__label__productinspection psa  has  taken  a  step  forward  with  the  launch  of  psa  certified,  a  scheme  where  independent  labs  will  verify  that  iot  devices  have  the  right  level  of  securit...  the  dinrail  system  from  men  is  a  selection  of  individual  prefabricated  modules  that  can  variably  combine  features  as  required  for  a  range  of  embedded  rail  onboard  and  rail  wayside  applications.  the  ...  the  adoption  of  graphics  in  embedded  and  ai  applications  are  growing  exponentially.  while  graphics  are  widely  available  in  the  market,  product  lifecycle,  custom  change  and  harsh  operating  environments...  with  increasing  complexity  of  applications,  no  single  type  of  computing  core  can
__label__productinspection fulfill  all  application  requirements.  to  optimize  ai  performance  at  the  edge,  an  optimized  solution  will  often  employ  a...  the  ude  multitarget  debug  solution  from  pls  provides  synchronous  debugging  of  aurix  multichip  systems.  a  special  adapter  handles  the  communication  between  two  mcus  and  the  uad3  access  device  and  pr...  to  meet  all  requirement  of  vertical  applications,  adlinks  smart  panel  is  engineered  for  flexible  configuration  and  expansion  to  reduce  rd  time  and  effort  and  accelerate  time  to  market.  the...  morten  kreibergblock,  director  of  supplier  technology  marketing  emea  at  arrow  electronics  talks  about  the  power  of  ai  and  enabling  platforms.  morten  shares  some
__label__productinspection examples  of  traditional  designin...  andrew  bickley,  director  iot  emea  at  arrow  electronics  talks  about  challenges  in  the  iot  world  and  how  arrow  is  facing  those  through  the  sensor  to  sunset  approach.  over  the  lifecycle  of  the  connected  ...  aaeon  is  moving  from  creating  the  simple  hardware  to  creating  the  great  solutions  within  artificial  intelligence  and  iot.  aaeon  is  offering  the  new  solutions  for  emerging  markets,  like  robotics,  drone...  amir  sherman,  director  of  engineering  solutions  embedded  technology  at  arrow  electronics  talks  about  the  transition  started  couple  of  years  ago  from  a  components  distributor  to  technology...  david  spragg,  vp,  engineering  emea  at
__label__productinspection arrow  electronics  talks  about  improvements  in  software  and  hardware  enabling  to  utilize  the  ai  capabilities.  david  shares  how  arrow  with  its  solutions  is  ...  in  this  video  robert  green  from  asic  design  services  describes  their  core  deep  learning  cdl  framework  for  fpga  design  at  electronica  2018  in  munich,  germany.  cdl  technology  accelerates  convolutional...  in  this  video  caesar  from  microchip  talks  about  the  companys  latest  smart  home  solutions  at  electronica  2018  in  munich,  germany.  one  demonstrator  shown  highlights  the  convenience  and  functionalit...  in  this  video  infineon  talks  about  their  new  coolgan  600  v  emode  hemts  and  gan  eicedriver  ics,  offering  a
__label__productinspection higher  power  density  enabling  smaller  and  lighter  designs,  lower  overall  system  cost.  the  nor...  in  this  video  frederik  dostal  from  analog  devices  explains  a  very  highefficiency  chargepump  demonstration  at  their  boot  at  electronica  2018  in  munich,  germany.  able  to  achieve  an  operating  efficienc...  this  article  describes  the  value  of  test  measurement  systems  based  on  examples  from  various  realworld  applications.  the  most  important  requirements  and  criteria  for  everything  from  system  architecture  and  mechanical  systems  to  enclosures  with  a  small  form  factor  and  19  systems  with  electronics  cabinets  are  explored.  going  way  beyond  what  conventional  electromechanical  components  can  achieve,  mems  devices  are
__label__productinspection now  seeing  huge  market  uptake  across  a  broad  spectrum  of  industry  sectors  from  automotive  to  consum...  most  organizations  do  not  consider  production  test  a  top  priority,  but  it  is  a  necessity  to  prevent  major  quality  issues  in  the  products  that  represent  the  company  brand  in  the  hands  of  customers....  the  urgency  of  iiot  security  is  becoming  ever  more  apparent,  and  embedding  the  highest  levels  of  trust  is  now  essential.  the  editors  at  aspencore  have  compiled  a  series  that  will  help  you  un...  with  multifunction  sensors  and  miniaturized  connectors,  embedded  antennas  and  lightweight  wire,  engineers  can  build  nextgeneration  infotainment  applications  that
__label__productinspection enable  smarter  experiences  for...  as  automotive  designs  move  to  electrification,  highwattage  power  electronics  become  critical  components  in  the  new  electronic  drivetrain  and  battery  systems.  in  these  devices,  galvanic  isolatio...  as  electronic  systems  become  more  miniaturized,  mobile  and  complicated,  power  requirements  become  more  varied.  available  battery  voltages  and  required  operating  voltages,  as  well  as  size  and  shape...  in  the  paper  we  present  the  design  and  development  of  the  machine  learning  ml  modules  for  two  case  studies.  in  both  cases  we  developed  a  ml  model  to  learn  the  systems  normal  behavior  so  t...  in  this  article,  we  discuss  the  characteristics  of  activeclamp
__label__productinspection forward  and  continuousconduction  flyback  isolated  power  supply  topologies  and  demonstrate  the  design  and  performance  tradeoffs  of  ...  autonomy  and  electrification  are  demanding  significant  changes  to  electrical  and  electronic  architectures  within  vehicles.  this  is  due  in  part  to  the  introduction  of  high  voltages,  increased  safety  considerations  and  significant  weight  reductions  needed  to  maximize  vehicle  range  from  electrification...  there  are  many  challenges  in  circuit  design  today  and  understanding  the  key  differences  between  digital  isolators  and  optocoupled  isolators  in  circuit  design  helps  developers  design  more  effectively.  this  whitepaper  reviews  the  challenges  of  modern  circuit  design...  in  addition  to  signal  frequency  and  bandwidth,  the
__label__productinspection signal  linearity  and  chirp  duration  determine  radar  performance.  it  is  therefore  important  to  analyze  automotive  radar  signal  parameters  such  as  chirp  length,  chirp  rate  and  frequency  deviation.  driven  by  the  need  for  ever  greater  efficiency,  lower  cost,  and  improved  safety,  automobiles  are  undergoing  a  revolution  in  power  distribution  network  pdn  design.  from  architectures  to  semiconductor  solutions  and  underlying  processes,  this  onehour  eetimes  university  course  will  provide  attendees  with  an  overview  of  whats  changing,  why,  and  what  designers  can  do  about  it  as  they  approach  nextgeneration  automotive  pdn  design.  developers  today  want  to  add  rich  wifi  and  bluetooth  connectivity  to  their
__label__productinspection products  to  enhance  their  applications  and  endcustomer  experience,  but  they  face  many  challenges  that  can  slow  down  the  process  and  delay  time  to  market.  this  whitepaper  discusses  the  unique  challenges  presented...  industry  is  placing  evergreater  emphasis  on  automation,  particularly  with  the  increasing  deployment  of  industry  4.0  technology.  the  latest  developments  in  machine  vision  systems  open  up  opportunities  for  the  manufacturing  sector  to  raise  quality  and  throughput  simultaneously.  furthermore,  new  applications  are  starting  to  appear  in  other  industries,  e.g.  object  detection  and...  a  smart  meter  is  an  electronic  device  that  records  and  reports,  via  some  kind  of  communications  network,  the  consumption
__label__productinspection of  a  utility  service,  such  as  the  supply  of  electricity,  gas,  water,  or  heating/cooling.  in  this  whitepaper,  we  explore  the  fundamentals  of  smart  metering  and  some  of  the  benefits  and  challenges  that  come  with...  as  the  global  energy  mix  transforms  to  adopt  lowcarbon  energy  sources  and  energyefficient  transportation,  pressure  mounts  for  energy  efficient  cars.  today,  the  overall  electric  vehicle  ev  market  already  outpaces  the  conventional  internal  combustion  engine  ice  vehicle  market  growth  rate...  the  future  of  artificial  intelligence  ai  relies  on  advances  in  the  underlying  machine  learning  technology,  and  an  effective  ml  architecture.  through  research  with  organizations  such  as  google,
__label__productinspection arm,  and  leading  universities  that  focus  on  data  science,  gigaom  reports  on  two  important  factors  required  to  broaden...  there  are  many  reasons  to  give  your  embedded  system  eyes  and  transform  it  into  an  embedded  vision  system.  image  aquisition  can  turn  many  devices  into  smart  products  or  enable  entirely  new  possibilities.  this  isnt  just  a  trend  for  systems  that  should  work  more  autonomously;  often  its  also  an  expedient  step  to  make  systems  more  intelligent...  first  launched  in  2005,  the  arduino  platform  is  responsible  for  making  embedded  microcontroller  development  accessible  to  all.  with  its  simple  to  use  yet  comprehensive  approach,  arduino  has
__label__productinspection eased  the  often  difficult  task  of  interfacing  an  embedded  application  to  the  real  world  of  hardware  devices.  arduino  also  heralded  in  an  open  source  era  which  accelerated  widespread  adoption  of  the  platforms  design,  spawned  a  separate  market  of  addon  extension  boards  and  a  host  of  developer  communities.  in  this  article  we  take  a  quick  look  at  the  arduinos  evolution  so  far  and  review  some  of  the  most  recent  additions  to  the  arduino  ecosystem  of  open  source  hardware.  nowadays  industry  4.0  machines  are  interconnected,  which  means,  they  operate  with  other  machines.  in  this  time  of  mass  customization,  you  need  configurable  and
__label__productinspection smart  controllers,  which  can  operate  different  tasks,  by  adding  or  removing  features  or  modules.  this  presentation  will  explain  how  to  design  and  build  modular  and  scalable  machines  based  on  a  plugplay  ethercat  stack.  a  use  case  will  be  presented  to  illustrate  this  approach.  challenges  common  to  industrial  automation  systems  like  the  demand  for  powerefficient  and  industrial  grade  components  with  guaranteed  longterm  availability  influence  which  solutions  best  suit  industrial  applications.  known  as  the  fourth  industrial  revolution,  or  industry  4.0,  the  future  beholds  a  growing  number  of  industrial  automation  applications  powered  by  smart  semiconductor  solutions.  bluetooth  angle  of  arrival  aoa  and  angle
__label__productinspection of  departure  aod  are  new  technologies  that  establish  a  standardized  framework  for  indoor  locationing.  with  these  technologies,  the  fundamental  problem  of  locationing  comes  down  to  solving  the  arrival  and  departure  angles  of  radio  frequency  signals.  over  the  last  two  decades,  wifi  has  transformed  connectivity  with  more  than  15  billion  installed  devices  in  the  world.  such  a  broad  and  pervasive  installed  base,  along  with  its  throughput  capabilities  and  native  ip  capabilities,  makes  wifi  an  attractive  protocol  for  iot  wireless  applications.  however,  a  key  limitation  of  most  wifi  based  iot  systems  is  high  power  consumption.  nonstop  growth  in  design  size  and  complexity
__label__productinspection makes  it  more  difficult  than  ever  for  verification  teams  to  keep  up  with  project  demands  and  product  goals.  according  to  the  synopsys  2017  global  user  survey,  verification  taking  longer  than  planned  is  the  top  reason  for  tapeout  delays,  and  simulation  runtime  performance  is  the  top  challenge  for  verification.  enterprises  in  every  industry  are  gearing  up  for  ais  integration  with  iot  at  the  edge.  analytics  and  cloudbased  applications  are  crucial  foundations  for  the  aiot  infrastructure.  but  even  more  importantly,  aiot  requires  complete,  realtime  access  to  the  data  in  fulfill  the  needs  of  highly  responsive  edge  computing  applications.  this  paper  provides  an
__label__productinspection overview  of  radar  technology  as  used  in  adas  applications,  including  a  summary  of  the  relevant  signal  processing,  typical  computation  requirements,  and  design  parameters.  this  paper  also  considers  approaches  to  estimating  computational  complexity  and  processing  resource  requirements  and  addresses  some  other  system  design  tradeoffs.  n  this  webinar  you  will  learn  how  arrows  design  tools  can  accelerate  your  design  and  development  process  by  providing  you  with  solutions  based  on  the  latest  technologies  and  protocols.  made  in  cooperation  with  leading  suppliers,  arrows  development  boards  enable  rapid  integration  of  the  newest  technologies  in  your  design.  this  talk  discusses  edge  computing  and  the  migration  of
__label__productinspection artificial  intelligence  machine  learning  from  cloudhosted  methodologies  to  running  on  iot  and  edge  devices  in  the  field.  when  it  comes  to  the  internet  of  things,  we  all  know  everything  from  your  toaster  to  your  car  is  becoming  more  connected  and  intelligent.  learn  how  arrow  enables  customers  to  address  big  business  challenges  and  start  the  journey  to  a  digital  transformation  of  their  business  with  advanced  tools  and  services.  arrows  distribution  capabilities  now  extend  to  supporting  customers  with  complete  technology  platforms  and  solutions.  this  webinar  introduces  winbonds  highperformance  serial  nand  technology  which  is  the  first  in  the  world  to  run  at  166mhz,
__label__productinspection and  is  wellsuited  for  centerdisplay  and  cluster  segments  in  nextgeneration  highlyautomated  vehicleshavs,  and  other  applications  that  require  instantboot  and  high  throughput.  this  white  paper  explores  how  by  using  sdr,  engineers  can  build  radios  that  can  react  more  readily  to  interference,  employ  more  sophisticated  channelcoding  schemes  to  increase  data  rates,  and  take  advantage  of  other  advanced  rf  technologies.  /  powered  by  icc  media
__label__productinspection with  the  new  standards  in  cellular  connectivity,  almost  every  asset  in  a  factory  can  be  connected  and  managed  in  order  to  solve  operational  challenges.  to  be  competitive,  manufacturers  seek  efficiencies  in  production  and  the  ability  to  deliver  a  broader  mix  of  customized  products.  this  requires  operational  processes  and  production  lines  to  be  integrated  and  adaptable  to  enable  fast  configuration  changes  and  reduce  lead  times,  without  compromising  on  safety  or  quality.  operational  challenges  are  addressed  by  three  main  use  case  categories  see  figure  below.  to  realize  these  use  cases,  highly  diverse  assets  must  be  connected  on  a  large  scale  through  a
__label__productinspection costeffective  and  automated  onboarding  process.  the  characteristics  of  cellular  networks  make  this  possible.  cellular  networks  meet  a  range  of  requirements  to  support  different  manufacturing  use  cases,  making  it  possible  to  securely  and  efficiently  optimize  manufacturing  variables  with  one  communication  system.  they  allow  massive  realtime  data  collection  and  analytics,  increasing  intelligent  automation  on  the  factory  floor  and  enabling  adaptive  production.  cellular  connectivity  also  enables  fast  and  costefficient  production  line  changes,  as  well  as  integration  and  optimization  of  contributing  workflows.  in  comparison,  a  fixed  cabled  network  is  mainly  restricted  to  supporting  critical  applications  for  stationary  machines,  and  wifi  to  supporting  noncritical  massive
__label__productinspection applications.  in  both  cases,  scaling  connected  operations  is  not  feasible,  as  cables  are  costly  to  install  and  maintain  and  wifi  cannot  sustain  high  network  performance.  as  manufacturers  seek  to  optimize  utilization  of  every  variable  in  production,  the  installed  connectivity  foundation  fixed  or  wifi  is  also  challenged.  all  variables  cannot  be  managed  with  only  a  fixed  cabled  network,  as  a  manufacturing  site  comprises  more  than  stationary  machines,  such  as  rotating,  moving  machines  and  portable  items:  tools,  materials,  phones  and  tablets.  by  connecting  infrastructure,  equipment  and  the  workforce,  cellular  connectivity  can  be  used  to  maximize  data  collection  and  provide  actionable  insights  from
__label__productinspection different  workflow  processes.  by  2023,  the  number  of  cellular  internet  of  things  iot  connections  is  forecast  to  reach  3.5  billion  worldwide.  the  digitization  of  assets,  equipment,  vehicles  and  processes  in  a  factory  means  that  the  number  of  connected  devices  will  increase  exponentially.  the  estimated  number  of  connected  devices  needed  in  a  typical  smart  factory  is  0.5  per  square  meter.  this  calculation  is  based  on  potential  use  cases  and  assets  that  would  benefit  from  a  connection.  the  figure  above  illustrates  the  distribution  of  cellular  connectivity  requirements  supporting  the  previously  mentioned  use  cases  in  a  fully  deployed  smart  factory.  the  share  of
__label__productinspection each  type  of  connected  device  depends  on  whether  the  site  has  a  low  or  high  level  of  automation.  evolving  to  a  higher  level  of  automation  will  increasingly  lead  to  a  higher  share  of  5g  connected  devices.  both  high  bandwidth  and  consistently  low  latency  are  necessary  to  support  large  data  volumes  and  realtime  critical  data,  as  well  as  to  ensure  consistent  and  secure  communication.  most  use  cases  enabled  by  cellular  networks  will  reduce  operational  costs  in  a  factory.  one  example  is  the  testing  and  inspection  of  assets  and  products  with  augmented  reality  ar.  guides  and  contextual  information  empower  workers,  and  testing
__label__productinspection or  maintenance  is  executed  quickly  with  higher  quality.  this  use  case  has  been  implemented  in  a  factory  in  estonia,  resulting  in  consistently  improved  product  quality  with  reduced  lead  time.  the  improvement  in  workforce  utilization  and  minimized  scrap  resulted  in  a  cost  reduction  of  25  percent.  although  efficiency  and  quality  improvements  throughout  the  manufacturing  chain  are  vital  for  success,  truly  competitive  output  will  rely  on  customizable  or  adaptive  production.  network  connectivity  needs  to  be  configurable  on  a  per  use  case  basis,  to  deliver  costefficient  performance  while  scaling  the  number  of  devices  connected.  cellular  technology  offers  the  capabilities  to  handle  different  use
__label__productinspection cases  service  requirements  by  using  quality  of  service  qos  mechanisms.  the  importance  of  this  will  increase  as  manufacturers  are  digitalized  and  demand  more  networked  capabilities  beyond  their  sites  to  include  logistics,  suppliers  and  other  factories.  manufacturing  comprises  more  than  just  assets  and  processes  at  the  factory  site.  the  efficiency  of  production  is  also  dependent  on  the  timely  arrival  of  resources.  moreover,  the  success  of  manufactured  products  in  the  market  depends  on  continuous  customer  feedback  and  cocreation.  hence,  collaboration  across  the  whole  ecosystem,  as  seen  in  the  figure  below,  results  in  a  higher  degree  of  product  and  service  customization.  cellular  connectivity
__label__productinspection based  on  4g  and  5g  technologies  provides  the  mobility,  security,  availability  and  reliability  needed  to  realize  smart  manufacturing.  manufacturing  variables  are  all  the  input  that  goes  into  making  the  final  product,  including  all  materials  and  processes  average  number  based  on  data  from  different  manufacturing  sites.  in  dense  areas,  the  connection  density  could  be  up  to  one  connected  device  per  square  meter  the  exact  distribution  figures  for  a  specific  manufacturing  site  depends  on  the  communication  needs  the  level  of  automation  is  a  continuum  from  manual  to  fully  automatic  operations  parasuraman  et  al.,  2000  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson  19942019
__label__productinspection our  website  uses  cookies  to  ensure  you  get  the  best  possible  experience  whilst  visiting  our  website.  weve  detected  that  you  are  using  an  outdated  browser.  this  will  prevent  you  from  accessing  certain  features.  currently:  available  in  43  countries  and  44  languages.  available  in  43  countries  and  44  languages.  solutions  that  address  key  client  problems  classification  certification  product  certification  management  systems  key  assurance  services  specialised  assurance  services  business  assurance  marine  and  offshore  software  oil  gas  software  supply  chain  platforms  asset  management  the  latest  thoughts,  reports,  opinions  and  research  from  our  domain  experts  and  industry  commentators.  the  latest  news,  events  and  publications
__label__productinspection from  across  the  lloyds  register  group  our  people  have  a  shared  mission:  to  make  the  world  a  safer  place.  its  that  simple  and  that  complex.  13  nov  2019  our  voice  on  the  internet  of  things,  ravikumar  jeevarathinam,  reviews  the  increasingly  compelling  case  for  incorporating  the  iot  into  business  transformation  initiatives  in  his  latest  article  published  in  cio  advisor  apac.  jeevarathinam  ravikumar  ravi  our  voice  on  digital  transformation  iot  is  starting  to  play  a  central  role  in  every  companys  digital  transformation  strategy.  there  are  many  iot  use  cases  for  accelerating  business  transformation  whether  for  top  line  growth  through  introducing  innovative  new
__label__productinspection products/solutions/services,  or  for  improving  the  bottom  line  through  optimising  costs  and  increasing  operational  efficiency.  industry  4.0  is  all  about  convergence  of  computing,  connectivity  and  cognitivity  embedded  with  added  security.  at  ,  our  digital  innovation  practice,  we  work  with  clients  across  industries  to  help  them  gain  maximum  benefit  from  their  iot  investments.  some  key  areas  where  we  see  the  iot  delivering  significant  and  measurable  returns  include:  iotenabled  automation  is  already  enhancing  productivity,  thereby  accelerating  business  growth.  for  example,  sensing  technologies  are  helping  to  automate  manufacturing  plants  as  well  as  monitor  the  health  of  machines  in  any  environment,  including  those  that  are
__label__productinspection remotely  located.  connecting  the  unconnected  by  retrofitting  equipment  with  sensors  allows  machine  health  to  be  diagnosed  in  realtime,  enabling  proactive  intervention.  this  prevents  unscheduled  maintenance  and  downtime,  resulting  in  lower  operational  spending  and  the  avoidance  of  major  business  loss  and  unforeseen  liabilities.  iot  is  also  greatly  enhancing  the  customer  experience  in  areas  from  retail  to  waste  management.  one  example  is  a  connected  retail  environment,  in  which  checkout  can  be  fully  automated  with  no  need  to  queue  for  a  till.  in  a  smart  city  environment,  meanwhile,  sensorenabled  garbage  bins  allow  the  schedules  and  routes  of  garbage  trucks  to  be  optimised.  the
__label__productinspection iot  has  many  applications  in  the  areas  of  safety  and  security.  consider  a  battery  used  at  a  railway  crossing.  equipping  it  with  sensors  can  prevent  theft  as  well  as  monitoring  the  health  of  the  battery.  if  someone  tries  to  remove  the  battery,  an  alarm  is  triggered  and  the  location  data  can  help  to  locate  the  thief.  in  this  use  case,  iot  not  only  improves  security,  it  also  prevents  disruption  to  rail  traffic  and  even  helps  to  prevent  accidents.  a  few  highlights  below  help  with  the  acceleration  of  iot  business  cases  across  all  industry  segments  iot  is  digitalising  the  world  from
__label__productinspection home  automation  to  industry  automation,  spanning  from  manufacturing,  utilities,  transport,  smart  cities,  healthcare,  security,  logistics,  energy,  retail,  airports,  oil  gas,  shipping,  and  so  on.  most  of  the  market  forecasts  and  trends  clearly  show  iot  continues  to  fuel  trilliondollar  market  growth  with  tens  of  billions  of  connected  devices.  leveraging  the  technology  advancements  mentioned  above,  bundled  with  open  sources,  can  offer  low  cost/high  value  business  models.  a  pilot  project  that  can  easily  scale  is  an  effective  way  to  prove  the  value  proposition  and  make  the  iot  end  to  end  solution  deployment  more  attractive.  .  lr  aurora,  our  digital  innovation  practice,  helps  organisations
__label__productinspection in  assetintensive  sectors  to  harness  the  iot  to  enhance  productivity,  compliance,  safety  and  security  towards  business  growth.  at  ,  our  digital  innovation  practice,  we  work  with  clients  across  industries  to  help  them  gain  maximum  benefit  from  their  iot  investments.  to  learn  more,  or  to  discuss  a  pilot  project,  or  .  lrs  experts  regularly  share  their  research  and  insights.  james  pomeroy  our  voice  on  health,  safety,  environment  and  security  jeevarathinam  ravikumar  ravi  our  voice  on  digital  transformation  david  butler  our  voice  on  assurance  innovation  david  ryder  our  voice  on  innovation  james  pomeroy  our  voice  on  health,  safety,  environment  and  security  lloyds
__label__productinspection register,  lr  and  any  variants  are  trading  names  of  lloyds  register  group  limited,  its  subsidiaries  and  affiliates.  lloyds  register  group  services  limited  reg.  no.  6193893  is  a  limited  company  registered  in  england  and  wales.  registered  office:  71  fenchurch  street,  london,  ec3m  4bs,  uk.  a  member  of  the  lloyds  register  group.  2019  lloyds  register  group  services  limited.
__label__productinspection menu  one  of  the  main  advantages  of  using  cameras  as  sensors  is  that  they  are  nonintrusive.  they  operate  from  a  distance  and  dont  require  physical  contact  with  the  objects  or  features  you  want  to  monitor.  in  addition,  a  visionbased  monitoring  system  can  be  added  independently  of  any  existing  monitoring/iot  setup  and  you  dont  need  to  involve  the  ot  systems.  vision  systems  are  therefore  often  fast  to  deploy  and  to  get  a  return  on  the  investment.  they  can  also  be  used  to  upgrade  legacy  machines  and  assets.  analogue  lamps,  switches  and  relays  that  needs  to  be  periodically  controlled  can  be  monitored
__label__productinspection by  cameras  with  smart  workflows  and  actions  when  there  are  changes.  the  downside  is  that  video  cameras  produce  a  lot  of  data,  and  if  actions  are  needed  based  on  the  video  feed,  latency  will  also  be  an  issue.  this  means  that  processing  in  the  cloud  is  in  most  cases  not  an  option.  fortunately,  solution  is  a  perfect  environment  for  implementing  vision  algorithms  close  to  the  cameras  and  to  build  smart  workflows  to  take  action  with  notifications,  triggers  to  machines  or  integrations  to  enterprise  systems  such  as  erp  systems.  everything  you  need  is  easily  available  today,  including:  with  the  graphical  design
__label__productinspection tool  you  can  easily  implement  your  vision  algorithms  and  deliver  the  results  to  onpremise  systems  or  cloud  services  using  modules  from  the  crosser  library.  as  an  example,  you  can  use  the  python  module  to  run  your  algorithm  based  on  the  popular  .  the  opencv  open  source  computer  vision  library  is  an  open  source  computer  vision  and  machine  learning  software  library  that  has  more  than  2500  optimized  algorithms,  which  includes  a  comprehensive  set  of  both  classic  and  stateoftheart  computer  vision  and  machine  learning  algorithms.  if  you  have  trained  your  own  machine  learning  model  in  tensorflow  or  some  other  ml  framework  you
__label__productinspection can  execute  the  model  on  the  close  to  the  camera.  the  helps  you  deploy  your  flows  and  algorithms  to  any  location  in  the  edge  or  cloud  with  ease.  if  you  have  deployed  the  same  logic  on  multiple  locations  the  edge  director  lets  you  massdeploy  and  update  versions  on  all  nodes  in  one  single  operation.  a  few  words  on  the  hardware  platform.  camera  sensors  produce  a  lot  more  data  than  typical  iot  sensors  where  you  get  a  single  numeric  value  each  time.  therefore  you  may  have  to  be  a  bit  more  careful  when  selecting  the  hardware  platform  for  your  edge  processing,
__label__productinspection to  make  sure  that  it  can  cope  with  the  data  volumes.  it  also  depends  on  the  type  of  algorithm  you  want  to  use,  machine  learning  models,  especially  convolutional  neural  networks  cnn,  typically  require  significantly  more  processing  power  than  basic  vision  algorithm.  still,  even  on  a  lightweight  device  such  as  the  raspberry  pi  you  can  do  basic  vision  processing.  some  scenarios  might  involve  multiple  cameras  feeding  into  one  compute  platform  where  you  can  perform  edge  streaming  analytics  on  multiple  camera  feeds  in  one  node.  make  sure  you  dimension  the  hardware  accordingly.  for  instance  has  fpga/gpu  solutions  for  gateways  that  allows  for
__label__productinspection more  advanced  video  processing.  also,  some  of  the  higherend  cameras  have  integrated  processing  capabilities  and  have  the  possibility  to  run  3rd  party  software,  including  crosser  edge  node.  for  some  usecases,  single  video  feeds  for  instance,  that  might  be  the  better  choice.  the  camera  and  algorithm  will  help  you  detect  anomalies.  but  the  full  value  is  achieved  when  you  can  build  automation  and  integration  workflows  based  on  the  video  streams.  the  crosser  platform  is  designed  to  be  a  streaming  analytics  platform  but  also  a  platform  for  automation  and  integration.  based  on  the  result  of  your  vision  analysis  the  platform  empowers  you
__label__productinspection to:  there  are  several  prepackaged  vision  inspection  solutions  in  the  market  where  one  supplier  is  providing  full  solutions  for  specific  usecases.  these  are  good  when  you  need  an  endtoend  solution  and  want  full  endtoend  support  of  specialist  vendors.  the  downside  is  high  cost  and  a  dependency  on  vendors  for  innovation.  diy  solutions  requires  you  to  do  some  more  work  yourself  but  this  is  becoming  easier  and  easier  with  selfservice  platforms  like  crosser  in  combination  with  open  vision  algorithms.  if  you  chose  this  route  you  will  have  a  horizontal  solution  that  you  can  leverage  for  any  usecase  you  can  imagine.  in
__label__productinspection addition,  unbundling  the  techstack  and  using  bestofbreed  typically  results  in  significant  cost  savings.  to  know  more  about  this  solution  and  sign  up  for  a  demo  or  trial  about  the  author  crosser  designs  and  develops  streaming  analytics  and  integration  software  for  any  edge,  onpremise  or  cloud.  the  crosser  platform  enables  realtime  processing  of  streaming  or  batch  data  for  industrial  iot,  data  transformation,  analytics,  automation  and  integration.  cookie  notice  about  how  this  website  uses  cookies  to  enhance  your  browsing  experience.
__label__productinspection nec  corporation  of  america  nec,  a  technology  integrator  of  advanced  it,  networking,  communications,  and  multimodal  biometric  solutions,  announced  that  it  will  show  two  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  at  the  microsoft  ignite  conference,  which  takes  place  this  week  in  orlando,  florida.  nec  said  both  solutions  are  built  on  microsoft  technologies  and  assist  customers  with  digital  transformation  initiatives.  necs  ai  capabilities  enable  manufacturing  companies  to  reduce  defects  and  trace  nonserialized  parts  through  the  manufacturing  process  to  finished  product.  necs  ai  for  visual  inspection  solution  uses  the  firms  advanced  aipowered  image  analytics  capabilities  to  find  and  identify  defects
__label__productinspection during  the  manufacturing  process.  the  solution  can  be  hosted  on  necs  infrastructure  using  windows  server  2016  and  storage  spaces  direct  s2d.  necs  ai  for  parts  traceability  solution  enables  manufacturing  companies  to  identify  parts  without  serial  numbers  through  necs  fingerprint  of  things  ai  pattern  recognition  capabilities.  the  capability  to  trace  nonserialized  parts  can  reduce  the  cost  of  product  recalls,  nec  said.  nec  is  pleased  to  once  again  demonstrate  innovative  technology  solutions  for  customers  undergoing  digital  transformation.  applying  necs  advanced  ai  capabilities,  including  image  and  pattern  recognition,  to  the  manufacturing  process  enables  manufacturing  companies  to  optimize  their  operations  and  reduce  the  need
__label__productinspection for  costly  product  recalls,  said  larry  levenberg,  vice  president,  sales  and  marketing,  nec  corporation  of  america.  microsoft  provides  the  platforms  and  iot  services  for  these  solutions  through  onpremises  infrastructure,  or  via  the  microsoft  azure  cloud  platform  and  hybrid  scenarios.  necs  deep  technical  capabilities  enable  innovative  solutions  for  manufacturing  customers  who  understand  the  value  of  digital  transformation.  customers  benefit  from  the  strengths  of  all  three  companies  as  they  transform  products  and  optimize  operations.  in  working  with  ge  digital  and  microsoft,  nec  demonstrates  the  value  of  a  rich  partner  ecosystem  to  create  solutions  for  customer  digital  transformation,  said  sam  george,  director,  microsoft
__label__productinspection azure  iot  at  microsoft.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two
__label__productinspection learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  here,  we  will  discover  how  iot  changes  oil  and  gas  industry,  examine  oil  and  gas  iot  use  cases,  and  draft  a  step  by  step  plan  for  implementing  iot  in  your  og  business.  read  on  to  learn  more  challenges  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  challenges  in  upstream  oil  and  gas  oil  and  gas  midstream  challenges  downstream  challenges  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  how  technology  affects  the  oil
__label__productinspection and  gas  industry:  iot  benefits  for  og  boost  productivity  increase  safety  facilitate  making  datadriven  decisions  reduce  waste  automation  so,  how  does  technology  affect  the  oil  and  gas  industry?  in  a  nutshell,  using  iot  helps  companies  avoid  disruptions  and  accidents,  makes  the  entire  production  process  more  predictable,  increases  revenue  while  cutting  expenses,  beats  competition,  and  expands  market  share.  iot  use  cases  in  oil  gas  preventive  equipment  maintenance  remote  inspection  of  og  machinery  tracking  tanker  fleets  in  realtime  the  security  of  workers  advanced  data  analytics  managing  the  supplychain  steps  for  adopting  iot  in  your  oil  gas  business  1.  analyze  your  competitors:  2.
__label__productinspection identify  your  current  problems:  3.  select  the  hardware  type:  4.  see  if  your  current  equipment  can  connect  to  these  hardware  types:  5.  use  advanced  solutions  for  data  analytics:  6.  protect  the  security  of  iot  devices:  7.  start  small:  still  not  sure  where  to  start?  talking  to  digital  transformation  experts  may  help  alleviate  your  concerns  and  shed  light  on  the  main  areas  which  should  be  the  focus  of  your  transformational  initiatives.  at  eastern  peak  we  can  help  you  boost  the  performance  of  your  critical  oil  and  gas  assets  and  integrate  them  with  iot  sensors  and  equipment.  https://easternpeak.com/blog/poweringtheoilandgasindustrywithiotbenefitsusecases/  free  requirements  review  your
__label__productinspection ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details  about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day.  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance
__label__productinspection your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__productinspection the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  automation,  electrical  engineering  and  electronic  technology,  universidad  politcnica  de  cartagena,  plaza  del  hospital  1,  30202  cartagena,  spain  laboratory  of  information  and  communication  technologies  labtic,  national  school  of  applied  sciences  of  tangier  ensatg,  abdelmalek  essaadi  university,  ensa  tanger,  route  ziaten,  bp  1818,  tanger,  morocco  department  of  automation,  electrical  engineering  and  electronic  technology,  universidad  politcnica  de  cartagena,  plaza  del  hospital  1,  30202  cartagena,  spain  laboratory  of  information  and  communication  technologies  labtic,  national  school  of  applied  sciences  of  tangier  ensatg,  abdelmalek  essaadi  university,  ensa  tanger,  route  ziaten,  bp  1818,  tanger,  morocco  dsie  research
__label__productinspection group,  universidad  politcnica  de  cartagena,  plaza  del  hospital  1,  30202  cartagena,  spain  laboratory  of  information  and  communication  technologies  labtic,  national  school  of  applied  sciences  of  tangier  ensatg,  abdelmalek  essaadi  university,  ensa  tanger,  route  ziaten,  bp  1818,  tanger,  morocco  frumecar  s.l.,  c/venezuela  p.17/10  polgono  industrial  oeste,  30169  murcia,  spain  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  are  now  considered  one  of  the  best  remote  sensing  techniques  for  gathering  data  over  large  areas.  they  are  now  being  used  in  the  industry  sector  as  sensing  tools  for  proactively  solving  or  preventing  many  issues,  besides  quantifying  production  and  helping  to  make  decisions.  uavs  are  a  highly  consistent
__label__productinspection technological  platform  for  efficient  and  costeffective  data  collection  and  event  monitoring.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  sends  data  from  systems  that  monitor  and  control  the  physical  world  to  data  processing  systems  that  cloud  computing  has  shown  to  be  important  tools  for  meeting  processing  requirements.  in  fog  computing,  the  iot  gateway  links  different  objects  to  the  internet.  it  can  operate  as  a  joint  interface  for  different  networks  and  support  different  communication  protocols.  a  great  deal  of  effort  has  been  put  into  developing  uavs  and  multiuav  systems.  this  paper  introduces  a  smart  iiot  monitoring  and  control  system  based  on  an  unmanned
__label__productinspection aerial  vehicle  that  uses  cloud  computing  services  and  exploits  fog  computing  as  the  bridge  between  iiot  layers.  its  novelty  lies  in  the  fact  that  the  uav  is  automatically  integrated  into  an  industrial  control  system  through  an  iot  gateway  platform,  while  uav  photos  are  systematically  and  instantly  computed  and  analyzed  in  the  cloud.  visual  supervision  of  the  plant  by  drones  and  cloud  services  is  integrated  in  realtime  into  the  control  loop  of  the  industrial  control  system.  as  a  proof  of  concept,  the  platform  was  used  in  a  case  study  in  an  industrial  concrete  plant.  the  results  obtained  clearly  illustrate  the  feasibility
__label__productinspection of  the  proposed  platform  in  providing  a  reliable  and  efficient  system  for  uav  remote  control  to  improve  product  quality  and  reduce  waste.  for  this,  we  studied  the  communication  latency  between  the  different  iiot  layers  in  different  iot  gateways.  the  emerging  industry  4.0  concept  is  an  umbrella  term  for  a  new  industrial  paradigm  which  embraces  a  set  of  future  industrial  developments  including  cyberphysical  systems  cps,  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  internet  of  services  ios,  robotics,  big  data,  cloud  manufacturing  and  augmented  reality  .  industrial  processes  need  most  tasks  to  be  conducted  locally  due  to  time  delays  and  security  constraints,  and
__label__productinspection structured  data  needs  to  be  communicated  over  the  internet.  fog  computing  is  a  potential  intermediate  software  that  can  be  very  useful  for  various  industrial  scenarios.  it  can  reduce  and  refine  high  volume  industrial  data  locally,  before  being  sent  to  the  cloud.  it  can  also  provide  local  processing  support  with  acceptable  latency  for  actuators  and  robots  in  a  manufacturing  industry  .  the  lack  of  interoperability  between  devices  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  considerably  increases  the  complexity  and  cost  of  iiot  implementation  and  integration.  the  search  for  seamless  interoperability  is  further  complicated  by  the  long  lifetime  of  typical  industrial  equipment,
__label__productinspection which  require  costly  upgrades  or  replacements  to  work  with  the  newest  technologies  .  one  of  the  novelties  of  autonomous  robots  applied  to  industry  4.0  is  the  generalization  of  the  use  of  drones  unmanned  aerial  vehiclesuavs  to  carry  out  a  multitude  of  inspection  and  data  collection  tasks.  in  this  paper,  the  focus  is  on  the  construction  industry  since  it  is  one  of  the  sectors  where  traditionally  less  advanced  technology  has  been  applied  and  is  therefore  suitable  for  the  use  of  the  new  technology  of  industry  4.0  .  construction  companies  have  mostly  been  using  uavs  for  realtime  jobsite  monitoring  and  to  provide
__label__productinspection highdefinition  hd  videos  and  images  for  identifying  changes  and  solving  or  preventing  many  issues  .  they  are  also  used  for  inspection  and  maintenance  tasks  that  are  either  inaccessible,  dangerous,  or  costly  from  the  ground  .  integrating  uavs  into  the  iot  represents  an  interoperability  challenge,  as  every  iot  system  has  its  own  communications  protocol.  moreover,  a  small  error  or  delay  beyond  the  tolerated  limit  could  result  in  a  disaster  for  various  applications,  such  as  uav  and  aircraft  manufacture  and  monitoring.  while  the  iot  provides  internet  access  to  any  thing,  uavs  can  also  be  part  of  these  connected  things  and  send  their
__label__productinspection onboard  data  to  the  cloud  .  the  offboard  base  station  gives  them  higher  computational  capacity  and  the  ability  to  carry  out  more  complex  actions  using  highlevel  programming  languages,  or  leveraging  services  from  computer  vision  tools  by  acquiring,  processing,  analyzing  and  understanding  digital  images  in  realtime.  computing  capabilities  can  be  extended  to  the  cloud,  taking  advantage  of  the  services  offered,  and  saving  the  cost  and  energy  consumption  of  an  embedded  uav  system.  there  is  a  growing  trend  towards  the  threelayer  iiot  architecture  with  fog  computing,  with  a  convergence  network  of  interconnected  and  distributed  intelligent  gateways.  fog  computing  is  a  distributed  computing
__label__productinspection paradigm  that  empowers  network  devices  at  different  hierarchical  levels  with  various  degrees  of  computational  and  storage  capacity  .  in  this  context,  fog  computing  is  not  only  considered  for  computation  and  storage  but  also  as  a  way  of  integrating  the  different  new  systems  capable  of  interconnecting  urgent  and  complex  processing  tasks.  the  fog  can  be  responsible  for  technical  assistance  between  humans  and  machines,  information  transparency,  interoperability,  decentralized  decisionmaking,  information  security,  and  data  analysis.  its  notable  benefits  minimize  human  error,  reduce  human  health  risks,  improve  operational  efficiency,  reduce  costs,  improve  productivity,  and  maintain  quality  and  customer  satisfaction  .  here,  we  propose  a
__label__productinspection uavbased  iiot  monitoring  and  control  system  integrated  into  a  traditional  industrial  control  architecture  by  harnessing  the  power  of  fog  middleware  and  cloud  computing.  the  main  aim  of  the  work  was  to  present  an  innovative  concept  and  an  open  threelayer  architecture,  including  a  uav,  to  enhance  quality  and  reduce  waste  by  introducing  visual  supervision  through  cloud  services  as  part  of  the  threelayer  iiot  architecture  with  fog  computing  and  a  control  system.  we  also  analyzed  the  fog  computing  layer  and  the  iot  gateways  to  comply  with  the  requirements  of  interoperability  and  time  latency.  we  developed  a  theoretical  model  to  mathematically  represent  the
__label__productinspection endtoend  latency  in  uavbased  industry  4.0  architecture.  we  provide  a  comparative  study  of  a  fog  computing  system  through  different  platforms  and  analyze  the  impact  of  these  platforms  on  the  network  performance.  we  also  describe  a  case  study  in  a  bulk  concrete  production  plant  using  a  droneborne  camera  and  ibm  watsons  service  image  recognition  in  the  cloud.  the  study  involved  monitoring  the  materials  carried  on  conveyor  belts  and  controlling  the  production  process.  this  operation  was  considered  as  costeffective  and  time  effective  and  reduced  the  concrete  batch  production  time.  the  papers  main  contributions  are  as  follows:  a  proposal  for  an  iiotbased  uav
__label__productinspection architecture  for  monitoring  and  improving  a  production  process  using  cloud  computing  services  for  visual  recognition.  assessment  of  the  threelayer  architecture  latency.  practical  implementation  and  validation  of  the  proposed  architecture.  the  industry  4.0  concept  was  born  to  apply  the  ideas  of  cyberphysical  systems  cpss  and  iot  to  industrial  automation  and  to  create  smart  products,  smart  production,  and  smart  services  .  it  involves  cyberphysical  systems,  the  internet  of  things,  cognitive  computing  and  cloud  computing  and  supports  what  has  been  termed  a  smart  factory.  in  2011,  germany  adopted  the  idea  to  develop  its  economy  in  the  context  of  an  industrial  revolution  with  new
__label__productinspection technologies  compatible  with  old  systems  .  industry  now  faces  the  challenge  of  making  the  it  network  compatible  with  its  machines,  including  interoperability,  fog/cloud  computing,  security,  latency,  and  quality  of  service.  one  of  the  proposed  solutions  is  smarter  iot  gateways  ,  which  are  the  bridges  between  the  traditional  network  and  sensor  networks  .  an  iot  gateway  is  a  physical  device  with  software  programs  and  protocols  that  act  as  intermediaries  between  sensors,  controllers,  intelligent  devices,  and  the  cloud.  the  iot  gateway  provides  the  necessary  connectivity,  security,  and  manageability,  while  some  of  the  existing  devices  cannot  share  data  with  the  cloud  .  ethercat,
__label__productinspection canopen,  modbus/modbus  tcp,  ethernet/ip,  profibus,  profinet,  devicenet,  ieee802.11,  isa100.11a,  and  wireless  hart  are  the  most  frequently  used  industrial  protocols  .  due  to  the  incompatible  information  models  for  the  data  and  services  of  the  different  protocols,  interoperability  between  the  different  systems  with  different  protocols  is  always  difficult.  up  to  only  a  few  years  ago  the  communication  systems  for  industrial  automation  aimed  only  at  realtime  performance  suitable  for  industry  and  maintainability  based  on  international  standards  .  the  industry  4.0  concept  has  the  flexibility  to  achieve  interoperability  between  the  different  industrial  engineering  systems.  to  connect  the  different  industrial  equipment  and  systems,  the  same
__label__productinspection standards  and  safety  levels  are  required.  open  platform  communications  unified  architecture  opc  ua  is  a  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  protocol  developed  to  create  interoperable  and  reliable  communications  and  is  now  generally  accepted  as  standard  in  industrial  plant  communications  .  opc  ua  is  an  independent  serviceoriented  architecture  that  integrates  all  the  functionality  of  the  individual  opc  classic  specifications  into  one  extensible  framework  .  girbea,  et  al.  designed  a  serviceoriented  architecture  for  the  optimization  of  industrial  applications,  using  opc  ua  to  connect  submanufacturing  systems  and  ensure  realtime  communication  between  devices.  opc  ua  can  allocate  all  manufacturing  resources,  including  embedded  systems,  to  specific  areas
__label__productinspection and  extensible  computing  nodes  through  the  address  space  and  a  predefined  model.  it  solves  the  problem  of  unified  access  to  the  information  of  different  systems  .  infrastructure  protocols  have  been  proposed  in  many  studies;  for  example,  the  authors  of  ,  developed  an  edge  iot  gateway  to  extend  the  connectivity  of  modbus  devices  to  iot  by  storing  the  scanned  data  from  modbus  devices  locally  and  then  transferring  the  changes  via  an  mqtt  publisher  to  mqtt  clients  via  a  broker.  in  ,  mqtt  was  adopted  for  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  to  complement  the  modbus  tcp  operations  in  an  iiot  environment.  this  environment  integrates
__label__productinspection the  mqtt  eventbased  messageoriented  protocol  with  the  modbus  tcp  pollingbased  requestresponse  protocol  for  industrial  applications.  the  authors  of  designed  and  implemented  a  webbased  realtime  data  monitoring  system  that  uses  modbus  tcp  communications  in  which  all  the  data  are  displayed  in  a  realtime  chart  in  an  internet  browser,  which  is  refreshed  at  regular  intervals  using  http  polling  communications.  the  success  of  the  iiot  initiative  depends  on  communication  protocols  able  to  ensure  effective,  timely  and  ubiquitous  aggregation  .  implementing  an  industry  4.0  architecture  requires  integration  of  the  latest  technologies,  for  example,  iiot,  cyberphysical  systems,  additive  manufacturing,  big  data  and  data  analytics,  cybersecurity,
__label__productinspection cloud  and  edge  computing,  augmented  and  virtual  reality,  as  well  as  autonomous  robots  and  vehicles  .  the  cloud  robotics  architecture  is  based  on  two  elements:  the  cloud  platform  and  its  associated  equipment  and  the  bottom  facility.  bottom  facilities  usually  encompass  all  kinds  of  mobile  robots,  unmanned  aerial  vehicles,  machines,  and  other  equipment  .  the  next  generation  of  robots  will  include  interconnected  industrial  robots  ,  cobots  and  autonomous  land  vehicles  agvs  .  cobots  support  human  workers  in  various  tasks,  while  robots  can  carry  out  specific  tasks,  such  as  looking  for  objects  or  transporting  tools.  uavs  and  drones  are  among  the  emerging
__label__productinspection robot  technologies  that  leverage  the  power  of  perception  science  and  are  now  the  preferred  remote  sensing  system  for  gathering  data  over  long  distances  in  difficulttoaccess  environments  .  drone  cameras  can  collect  remotely  sensed  images  from  different  areas  safely  and  efficiently.  uavs  can  save  time  and  money  in  different  sectors,  such  as  agriculture,  public  safety,  inspection  and  maintenance,  transportation  and  autonomous  delivery  systems.  this  technological  revolution  was  conceived  to  make  peoples  lives  easier  and  to  provide  machinetomachine  communications  without  human  intervention  .  many  industries  use  drones  or  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  to  increase  sensing  and  manipulation  capabilities,  autonomy,  efficiency,  and  reduce  production
__label__productinspection costs.  in  the  construction  sector,  drones  play  a  significant  role  in  industrial  sites;  they  can  fly  over  and  monitor  an  area  by  acquiring  photos  and  videos.  they  can  be  used  to  check  a  given  installation  or  production  areas,  to  transmit  data,  monitor  construction  processes,  and  detect  anomalies.  as  mentioned  in  many  applications  have  already  been  implemented  in  the  construction  and  the  infrastructure  fields.  the  net  market  value  of  deploying  uavs  in  support  of  construction  and  infrastructure  inspection  applications  accounts  for  about  45  of  the  overall  uav  market.  uavs  are  also  used  for  the  realtime  inspection  of  power  lines.  in  ,
__label__productinspection the  authors  implemented  drones  to  detect  trees  and  buildings  close  to  power  lines.  they  can  also  be  deployed  to  monitor  oil,  gas  and  water  pipelines.  industrial  skyworks  employs  drones  for  building  inspections  and  oil  and  gas  inspections  in  north  america  using  the  powerful  machine  learning  bluevu  algorithm  to  process  the  data  collected.  they  provide  asset  inspection  and  data  acquisition,  advanced  data  processing  with  2d  and  3d  images  and  detailed  reports  on  the  property  inspected.  crack  assessment  systems  for  concrete  structures  are  constantly  improving  thanks  to  computer  vision  technologies  and  uavs.  uavs  combined  with  digital  image  processing  have  been  applied  to
__label__productinspection crack  assessment  as  a  costeffective  and  timeeffective  solution,  instead  of  visual  observation  .  image  processing  has  become  a  significant  asset  for  uavs  systems  and  not  only  in  industry.  capturing  footage  and  videos  generates  a  huge  amount  of  data,  for  which  cloud  computing  is  vital.  image  recognition  technology  has  a  great  potential  in  various  industries  and  has  been  improved  by  deep  learning  and  machine  learning  image  recognition  systems  tensorflow,  and  matlab  or  image  processing  techniques  such  as  computer  algorithms  for  digital  image  processing.  in  ,  machine  learning  techniques  were  used  to  estimate  nitrogen  nutrition  levels  in  corn  crops  zea  mays.  the
__label__productinspection work  described  in  introduced  a  realtime  drone  surveillance  system  to  identify  violent  individuals  in  public  areas  by  a  scatternet  hybrid  deep  learning  shdl  network.  in  ,  the  images  from  a  drone  camera  were  processed  by  the  bagofwords  algorithm  to  detect  crops,  soils  and  flooded  areas,  with  matlab  to  program  the  feature  extraction  algorithm.  in  ,  a  solution  was  proposed  to  detect  a  final  target  using  the  drones  camera.  the  system  implemented  image  processing  algorithms  using  the  open  source  computer  vision  library  opencv.  the  main  goal  was  to  resolve  the  energy  constraint  without  any  wire  connections  or  human  intervention.  cloud  solutions
__label__productinspection like  google  ai,  amazon  web  services,  and  ibm  watson  offer  ondemand  access  to  their  image  recognition  services  to  connect  with  other  systems  in  the  internet.  the  authors  in  propose  to  move  computationallydemanding  object  recognition  to  a  remote  computing  cloud,  instead  of  implementing  it  on  the  drone  itself,  by  means  of  a  cloudbased  approach  that  allows  realtime  performance  with  hundreds  of  object  categories.  other  cloudbased  platforms,  e.g.,  sensefly  ,  skycatch  ,  and  dronedeploy  ,  offer  their  own  endtoend  solution  that  incorporates  mission  control,  flight  planning,  and  postprocessing.  these  solutions  provide  image  analysis  through  a  real  connection  with  the  main  application.  the
__label__productinspection aforementioned  studies  show  the  significant  advantages  in  different  sectors  of  costeffective  and  timeeffective  uavs  integrated  with  big  data  technology  and  machine  learning.  however,  as  far  as  we  know,  no  studies  have  so  far  been  published  on  the  integration  of  uavs  into  a  complete  industrial  production  system.  thus,  here  we  propose  an  industrial  realtime  monitoring  system  with  uavs,  fog  computing  and  deep  learning  in  the  cloud  .  the  proposed  iiotbased  uavs  collect  photos  from  an  industrial  plant,  while  the  cloud  processing  platform  analyzes  them  and  sends  the  results  to  a  control  system.  proposed  uaviiot  platform.  industry  is  taking  advantage  of  ever
__label__productinspection more  complex  and  sophisticated  systems.  systems  not  designed  to  communicate  across  production  lines  often  require  integration  with  preexisting  devices.  the  challenge  of  interoperability  is  thus  one  of  the  main  concerns  in  designing  intelligent  humantomachine  and  machinetomachine  cooperation.  ensuring  systemsofsystems  communications  involves  blending  robotics,  interconnected  devices/sensors,  actors,  heterogeneous  systems,  and  convergent  hybrid  infrastructure  with  iiot  and  cps  systems,  including  fog/edge  computing  and  cloud  services.  our  aim  was  to  design  a  dronebased  monitoring  system  able  to  interact  in  realtime  with  industrial  sensors,  plcs,  and  the  cloud  automatically  via  an  iot  gateway  as  middleware,  and  to  transmit  data  between  the  different  systems  securely.
__label__productinspection we  validated  our  proposed  architecture  in  an  industrial  concrete  production  plant  in  a  case  study  to  improve  production  and  reduce  costs.  a  uav  monitoring  system  was  elaborated  as  an  industrial  control  system  to  reduce  inspection  time  and  costs.  an  overview  of  the  approach  can  be  seen  in  .  the  proposed  iiot  architecture  is  divided  into  three  layers,  with  the  uavs  in  the  data  generation  layer.  the  first  layer  consists  of  an  industrial  control  system  connected  to  a  central  collection  point,  which  is  the  iot  gateway.  the  second  layer  is  the  fog  computing  layer  for  computation,  storage,  and  communications.  the  last
__label__productinspection layer  is  a  cloud  backend  with  image  processing  techniques.  the  fog  layer  connects  the  industrial  control  layer  to  the  uav  system,  the  uav  system  to  the  cloud,  and  finally  the  cloud  to  the  industrial  control  system.  the  control  system  receives  data  from  remote  or  connected  sensors  that  measure  the  process  variables  pvs  setpoints  sp.  when  the  system  detects  a  trend  change  between  pvs  and  sp,  the  change  is  routed  to  the  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs  and  the  central  point  iot  gateway  to  trigger  the  uav  systems  reaction.  in  this  case,  the  human  operator  is  replaced  by  a  remote  cloud  calculation
__label__productinspection algorithm  and  a  uav  system,  in  the  sense  that  the  uavs  front  camera  serves  as  an  additional  surveillance  sensor  that  is  processed  in  the  cloud  to  imitate  an  operators  visual  inspection.  the  drone  goes  to  a  specific  point  to  supervise  the  process  using  the  front  camera.  the  uav  system  is  triggered  automatically  by  responding  to  the  sensor  data  from  the  industrial  control  system  and  data  analyzed  in  the  iot  gateway.  the  iot  gateway  receives  the  captured  photos  and  sends  them  to  the  cloud,  which  adopts  deep  learning  techniques  to  analyze  and  send  the  results  to  the  iot  gateway  and  the
__label__productinspection control  system  to  confirm  the  anomaly.  the  iot  gateway  is  able  to  connect  the  sensor  network  to  the  cloud  computing  infrastructure  and  perform  edge  and  fog  computing  and  serves  as  a  bridge  between  sensor  networks  and  cloud  services.  experiments  were  carried  out  using  nodered  and  ar.drone  library  to  connect  to  the  industrial  control  system,  the  cloud,  and  the  uav.  nodered  is  a  programming  tool  for  wiring  together  hardware  devices,  apis,  and  online  services  using  javascript  runtime  node.js  and  a  browserbased  editor.  it  controls  the  flows  to  be  designed  and  managed  graphically.  nodered  has  a  sample  set  of  nodes  for  communications
__label__productinspection between  different  protocols  and  platforms.  node.js  is  considered  one  of  the  best  platforms  to  build  realtime,  asynchronous  and  eventdriven  applications  ,  ,  .  the  ar.drone  library  is  an  application  also  developed  in  node.js  and  implements  the  networking  protocols  used  by  the  parrot  ar  drone  2.0  .  this  library  provides  a  highlevel  client  api  that  supports  all  drone  features  and  enables  developers  to  write  autonomous  programs.  using  this  library,  the  drone  can  be  controlled  via  wifi,  and  automatically  moves  to  a  given  target.  it  is  also  possible  to  describe  the  path,  height,  and  direction  the  drone  must  follow  to  take  the
__label__productinspection required  photos.  this  section  describes  the  development  of  the  proposed  iiotuav  control  system  and  its  network  protocols.  it  contains  three  layers,  namely  the  industrial  control  system  and  uavs,  the  iot  gateway,  and  the  cloud.  in  the  first  layer,  the  industrial  sensors  of  the  control  system  are  connected  to  a  plc  that  acts  as  opc  ua  server,  which  routes  the  sensor  data  to  the  iot  gateway,  which  incorporates  an  opc  ua  client  installed  in  nodered.  with  the  opc  ua  clientserver,  data  communication  is  independent  of  any  particular  operating  platform.  the  central  layer  of  the  architecture  augments  the  processing  and  communication  abilities
__label__productinspection in  the  iot  gateway  by  connecting  to  the  control  system  and  cloud  services,  this  part  is  considered  as  fog  computing  and  depends  on  the  sensor  data  retrieved  from  the  sensors  and  driven  to  the  opc  ua  client  node.  the  fog  layer  is  responsible  for  communications  between  all  the  other  layers;  it  takes  decision  automatically  based  on  the  results  and  data  received  and  conveys  the  output  to  the  other  layers  or  applications.  the  fog  layer  is  presented  in  as  an  iot  gateway,  which  can  support  all  the  necessary  tools  and  protocols  to  ensure  communication  storage  and  computing.  nodered  is  considered  the
__label__productinspection key  programming  tool  for  wiring  together  the  industrial  control  system,  uav  applications,  and  the  cloud.  nodered  makes  it  easy  to  wire  together  flows  using  a  wide  range  of  nodes.  development  design  of  autonomous  iiot  flight.  the  main  nodes  in  this  case  study  are  the  visual  recognition  node,  opc  ua  client,  cloudant  node  and  exec  node.  in  ,  nodered  is  connected  to  the  other  systems  and  applications.  nodered  can  connect  to  the  node.js  ar.drone  library  in  the  iot  gateway  using  the  exec  node.  while  carrying  out  the  mission  triggered  from  nodered,  the  drone  takes  the  necessary  photos  and  sends  them  to
__label__productinspection the  iot  gateway,  in  which  nodered  connects  them  to  the  watson  visual  recognition  wvr  node,  which  uses  watson  visual  recognition  in  the  ibm  cloud.  the  wvr  node  identifies  the  types  of  material  transported  on  the  conveyor  belts  and  classifies  the  images  according  to  the  trained  custom  model.  the  photos  are  then  sent  to  the  ibm  cloud  by  the  cloudant  node,  which  is  connected  to  the  cloudant  database  in  the  ibm.  these  photos  can  also  be  requested  at  any  time  by  the  cloudant  node  in  nodered  .  by  implementing  an  mqtt  client  library  in  node.js,  mqtt  messages  can  be  used  to
__label__productinspection send  commands  to  the  drone  through  a  mqtt  broker  installed  in  the  cloud  and  also  request  navigation  data  navdata  from  the  drone,  such  as  battery  life,  windspeed,  and  velocity.  mqtt  can  also  be  used  as  an  alternative  or  supplement  to  the  opc  ua  protocol  in  the  industrial  control  system.  the  focus  of  the  present  paper  is  to  evaluate  the  proposed  approach  using  only  the  opc  ua  protocol.  details  the  communication  process  between  the  different  parts  of  the  proposed  approach,  including  data  flows  between  the  different  nodes,  the  industrial  control  system,  uavs  and  the  cloud.  two  main  applications  are  installed  in
__label__productinspection the  iot  gateway:  the  nodered  application  and  the  node.js  application.  the  former  facilitates  communications,  while  the  latter  controls  the  drone.  nodered  checks  the  flow  by  reading  the  data  from  the  opc  ua  node,  which  is  connected  to  the  automation  control  system.  if  a  problem  is  confirmed  from  the  plc,  nodered  triggers  the  drone  mission  executed  by  node.js.  the  drone  mission  is  split  into  three  paths:  planning  the  mission,  taking  photos,  and  returning  to  the  starting  point.  the  watson  visual  recognition  node  and  cloudant  node  receive  the  images  and  send  them  to  the  ibm  cloud  for  processing  and  storage.  the  visual
__label__productinspection recognition  node  then  forwards  the  results  to  the  plant  control  system.  communication  process  in  the  fog  layer.  an  ar.drone  2.0  mission  in  the  concrete  plant.  shows  the  flows  used  in  nodered  in  the  iot  gateway.  the  opc  ua  node  is  responsible  for  reading  the  updated  data  from  the  plc  and  sending  the  results  to  the  exec  node  to  launch  the  uav  mission.  after  the  mission,  the  drone  photos  are  saved  in  a  folder  on  the  iot  gateway  by  the  watch  node  that  monitors  all  new  photos  and  sent  to  watsons  visual  recognition  node  for  processing.  the  cloud  visual  recognition  service
__label__productinspection analyzes  the  photos  and  classifies  them  into  two  classes.  each  wvr  result  is  provided  as  a  score  between  0.0  and  1.0  for  each  image  for  each  trained  class.  the  iot  gateway  then  receives  the  classification  scores  via  the  watson  vr  node,  the  images  scores  are  compared  by  the  function  node  and  the  results  are  forwarded  to  the  industrial  control  system  and  the  plc  via  the  opc  ua  write  node  for  decision  making.  nodered  flow  of  the  iot  gateway  with  the  path  from  plcs  to  drone,  drone  to  watson,  and  watson  to  the  plant  control.  the  drone  takes  off  at  position
__label__productinspection x,y,  climbs  to  a  certain  altitude,  hovers,  returns  to  the  start,  and  lands.  the  autonomous  flight  library  was  based  on  the  ar.drone  library  ,  which  is  an  implementation  of  networking  protocols  for  the  parrot  ar  drone  2.0.  this  library  has  four  features:  an  extended  kalman  filter,  camera  projection,  and  backprojection  to  estimate  distance  to  an  object,  a  pid  controller  to  control  drone  position,  and  a  vslam  to  improve  the  drone  position  estimates  ,  .  the  ar.drone  2.0  is  equipped  with  sensors  with  precise  controls  and  automatic  stabilization  features,  two  cameras,  a  60  fps  vertical  qvga  camera  for  measuring  ground  speed
__label__productinspection and  a  1280  720  at  30  fps  resolution  front  camera  with  a  92  diagonal  field  of  view,  ultrasound  sensors  to  measure  height,  threeaxis  accelerometer  with  /50  mg  precision,  threeaxis  gyroscope  with  2000/s  precision,  threeaxis  magnetometer  with  6  precision,  and  a  pressure  sensor  with  /10  pa  precision.  the  drone  can  monitor  its  own  position  and  mapping  slam,  robustness  and  controls.  concrete  batching  plants  form  part  of  the  construction  sector.  their  many  important  components  include  cement  and  aggregate  bins,  aggregate  batchers,  mixers,  heaters,  conveyors,  cement  silos,  control  panels,  and  dust  collectors.  concrete  plants  involve  a  humanmachine  interaction  between  the  control  system  and
__label__productinspection the  operator.  the  operator  introduces  the  concrete  formula  by  selecting  the  quantities  of  materials  to  be  mixed  and  this  data  is  processed  by  a  control  system  so  that  the  correct  amount  of  material  is  conveyed  to  the  mixer  .  the  materials  used  in  the  concrete  plant  are  aggregates,  cement,  admixtures,  and  water.  the  quality  and  uniformity  of  the  concrete  depend  on  the  watercement  ratio,  slump  value,  air  content,  and  homogeneity.  scada  industrial  concrete  plant  with  a  typical  concrete  formula.  traditionally,  to  control  concrete  quality,  microwave  sensors  are  used  in  aggregate  bins  to  measure  the  aggregate  water  content  and  then  adjust
__label__productinspection the  formula  as  required.  aggregates  of  different  sizes  are  stored  in  bins  for  different  formulas.  due  to  certain  errors  during  the  discharge  and  filtering  process,  these  materials  are  sometimes  mixed  together  incorrectly,  affecting  concrete  quality  and  consistency.  the  uav  camera  and  the  service  ibm  wvr  in  the  cloud  can  identify  the  state  of  the  aggregate  materials  transported  on  the  conveyor  belts  to  make  adjustments  to  the  production  process.  we  use  the  cloud  service  to  classify  normal  and  mixed  aggregates.  the  role  of  the  drone  in  this  case  is  to  take  pictures  when  the  materials  are  being  transported  on  the  belts
__label__productinspection before  they  reach  the  mixer.  the  cloud  classifies  each  image  and  returns  the  results  to  the  iot  gateway  as  a  score  between  0.0  and  1.0  for  each  class.  this  result  is  sent  to  the  plc  via  the  iot  gateway.  using  these  scores,  any  excess  quantity  of  a  material  can  be  measured,  and  the  required  adjustments  can  be  made  to  achieve  the  final  formula.  this  operation  eliminates  wasted  time  and  achieves  the  desired  formula  before  the  final  mixing.  drones  are  flexible,  easy  to  deploy,  can  quickly  change  their  position  in  a  timesensitive  situation,  and  can  be  quickly  configured.  incorporating  them  in
__label__productinspection a  control  system  speeds  up  the  production  line  by  responding  in  realtime  to  the  different  requirements  of  the  control  system  using  the  cloud  services.  the  proposed  approach  is  considered  a  costeffective  solution  and  replaces  unnecessary  and  repeated  operator  controls,  traditional  monitoring,  and  control  systems.  one  of  the  important  challenges  to  overcome  is  the  highlatency  and  unreliable  link  problems  between  the  cloud  and  the  iiot  terminals.  fog  computing  extends  computing  and  storage  to  the  network  edge  and  is  not  only  considered  for  computation  and  storage,  but  also  as  a  way  of  integrating  new  systems  capable  of  interconnecting  urgent  and  complex  processing
__label__productinspection systems.  however,  each  fog  and  edge  application  may  have  different  latency  requirements  and  may  generate  different  types  of  data  and  network  traffic  .  in  this  section,  we  focus  on  the  latency  between  the  data  generation  layer  and  the  data  communication  layer  .  the  data  generation  layer  is  composed  of  the  uav  system  and  the  industrial  control  system.  shows  the  proposed  approach  system  for  data  collection  and  the  first  layer  control  between  the  sensors  in  the  concrete  plant.  the  sensors  are  connected  to  the  plc  s71214  and  all  information  for  these  sensors  is  sent  from  plc  s71214  to  plc  s71512  using
__label__productinspection the  industrial  communication  standard  profinet  over  ethernet.  the  plc  s71512  supports  opcua,  which  adopts  clientserver  architecture.  the  opc  ua  client  is  installed  in  the  iot  gateway  using  the  nodered  opc  ua  node.  uaexpert  is  used  in  this  case  to  check  connectivity  with  the  server.  all  the  incoming  information  is  controlled  by  nodered.  functional  description  of  the  proposed  architecture.  in  this  first  part  of  the  delay  analysis,  our  focus  will  be  only  on  the  opc  ua  communications  between  the  iot  gateway  and  the  plc  with  the  opc  ua  server.  latency  is  the  time  network  traffic  delayed  by  the  system  processing,  or
__label__productinspection the  total  time  needed  to  send  a  network  packet  from  the  application  on  one  server  to  the  application  on  another  server  through  the  network  interface  controller  nic,  network  cable,  wifi  etc.,  second  nic,  and  into  an  application  on  another  server  or  client.  to  assess  the  latency  between  two  terminals,  most  approaches  use  the  roundtrip  delay  time  rtd  or  the  oneway  delay  owd.  the  latency  in  the  context  of  networking  is  the  time  spent  by  propagation  through  the  network  support  and  hardware  of  the  adapter,  as  well  as  the  software  execution  times  application  and  os  .  latency  between  two  terminals  in
__label__productinspection a  network.  the  hardware  latency  inside  switches  and  on  wires  can  be  easily  identified  from  the  switch  specifications,  length  of  the  wires,  and  the  maximal  transmission  data  rates,  while  the  software  latency  imposed  by  processing  a  packet  in  the  software  stack  is  more  arduous  to  evaluate.  several  parameters  like  system  workload,  operating  system  and  executed  application  influence  software  latency.  equation  1  defines  the  rtd  between  two  terminals  in  a  network,  where  t  and  t  are  the  software  latency  of  the  terminals  a  and  b  respectively,  and  t  marks  the  hardware  latency  of  switches  and  wires  connecting  the  terminals  a  and
__label__productinspection b  .  to  accurately  calculate  owd  by  dividing  the  roundtrip  time  by  two,  the  configuration  of  the  test  systems  must  be  perfectly  symmetrical,  meaning  they  must  be  running  the  same  software,  using  the  same  settings,  and  have  equal  network  and  system  performance.  in  this  section,  we  analyze  the  delays  involved  in  clientserver  opc  ua  communications  in  a  switched  ethernet  network.  this  model  serves  to  define  in  detail  the  nondeterministic  sources  of  endtoend  delay.  the  proposed  model  is  based  on  time  delays  defined  in  ,  in  an  ethernetbased  network.  shows  the  roundtrip  data  path  from  an  opc  ua  server  in  plc
__label__productinspection automate  to  an  opc  ua  client  on  the  iot  gateway  and  the  hardware  owd  required.  opc  ua  delay  in  opc  ua  client  server  in  an  ethernet  network.  we  consider  the  endtoend  network  delay  in  the  switches  and  wires  from  the  client  request  to  the  server,  which  can  be  divided  into  three  categories,  the  frame  transmission  delay  d  ,  the  time  required  to  transmit  all  of  the  packets  bits  to  the  link,  the  propagation  delay  d  ,  the  time  for  one  bit  to  propagate  from  source  to  destination  at  propagation  speed  of  the  link,  and  the  switching  delays  d  ,  which
__label__productinspection depend  on  the  route  through  the  network  to  the  server.  the  transmission  delay  depends  on  the  length  of  packet  l  and  capacity  of  link  c  .  the  propagation  delay  is  related  to  the  distance  between  two  switches  and  the  propagation  speed  of  the  link  s  .  the  switch  delay  is  defined  as  the  time  for  one  bit  to  traverse  from  switch  input  port  to  the  switch  output  port.  it  is  divided  into  four  delays:  the  first  is  the  switch  input  delay  ds  ,  the  delay  of  the  switch  ingress  port,  including  the  reception  of  the  phy  and  mac  latency.  the
__label__productinspection second  is  the  switch  output  delay  ds  ,  the  delay  of  the  switch  egress  port,  including  the  transmission  phy  and  mac  latency.  the  third  delay  is  the  switch  queuing  delay  ds  ,  the  time  a  frame  waits  in  the  egress  port  of  a  switch  to  start  the  transmission  onto  the  link.  the  last  is  the  switch  processing  delay  ds  ,  the  time  required  to  examine  the  packets  header  and  determine  where  to  direct  the  packet  is  part  of  the  processing  delay.  the  hardware  endtoend  delay  d  presented  as  a  request  from  an  endpoint  server  s  to  the  destination  endpoint  in
__label__productinspection a  client  c  can  be  expressed  as  the  sum  of  the  delays  of  all  the  switches  and  links  in  the  path,  n  being  the  number  of  links  and  n  1  the  number  of  switches  along  the  path.  reveals  the  architecture  of  the  opc  ua  server.  the  server  application  is  the  code  that  implements  the  server  function.  real  objects  are  physical  or  software  objects  that  are  accessible  by  the  opc  ua  server  or  internally  maintained  by  it,  such  as  physical  devices  and  diagnostic  counters.  particular  objects,  such  as  nodes,  are  used  by  opc  ua  servers  to  represent  real  objects,  their  definitions
__label__productinspection and  references;  all  nodes  are  called  addressspace.  nodes  are  accessible  by  clients  using  opc  ua  services  interfaces  and  methods  .  architecture  of  the  opc  ua  server.  in  the  case  of  m  number  of  requests  from  clients  to  the  nodes  in  the  opc  ua  server,  the  overall  hardware  endtoend  delay  of  the  opc  ua  clientserver  d  communication  over  an  ethernet  network,  when  there  are  m  requests  from  the  client  to  the  server,  is  presented  as:  by  analyzing  all  the  delays  mentioned  in  the  hardware,  we  admit  that  the  endtoend  delay  on  ethernet  network  is  deterministic,  except  the  delay  in  the  switch
__label__productinspection queue,  which  depends  on  the  link  utilization.  the  packet  queuing  delay  increases  in  a  frequently  used  link.  by  investigating  the  hardware  delays  for  an  opc  ua  client/server  communication  in  an  ethernet  network,  we  conclude  that  it  is  hard  to  define  exactly  the  hardware  delay  on  the  account  of  the  queuing  delay.  in  that  case,  when  it  comes  to  complex  processes  with  realtime  requirements,  opc  ua  reaches  its  limits.  there  are  different  ways  of  defining  this  delay,  for  example  qos  techniques  such  as  qfq  weighted  fair  queuing  or  strict  priority  ;  however,  there  is  always  a  certain  delay  and  jitter  that
__label__productinspection limits  realtime  performance.  time  sensitive  networking  tsn  provides  mechanisms  for  the  transmission  of  timesensitive  data  over  ethernet  networks.  the  adoption  of  opcua  over  tsn  will  also  drive  this  paradigm  in  the  world  of  deterministic  and  realtime  machine  to  machine  communications.  tsn  provides  mechanisms  for  the  transmission  of  timesensitive  data  over  ethernet  networks.  with  ethernets  limitations  in  terms  of  traffic  prioritization,  the  tsn  working  group  has  developed  the  timeaware  scheduler  tas,  defined  in  802.1qbv  .  tas  is  based  on  tdma,  which  solves  the  problem  of  synchronization  and  traffic  priority  in  the  ethernet.  by  using  this  technique,  queuing  delay  can  be  completely
__label__productinspection eliminated,  hence  the  endtoend  latency  becomes  deterministic.  bruckner,  et  al.  adopted  this  method  to  evaluate  opc  ua  performance  on  tsn  with  the  most  commonly  used  communication  technologies.  there  are  several  ways  to  introduce  latency  in  a  drones  video  compression  and  transmission  system.  the  endto  end  delay  in  the  system  can  be  divided  into  seven  categories  :  t  is  the  capture  time,  t  the  time  required  to  encode,  the  resulting  transmission  delay  is  t  ,  t  is  the  delay  network  when  the  drone  is  connected  to  the  remote  ground  station  via  a  network,  t  is  due  to  the  ground  station  also
__label__productinspection being  wirelessly  connected  to  a  network,  t  is  the  decoding  delay  at  the  reception  station,  and  t  is  the  display  latency.  video  transmission  system  delay  sources.  note  that  when  the  drone  is  communicating  directly  with  the  ground  station,  no  network  is  involved  and  there  is  only  a  single  transmission  delay  t  0  and  t  0.  in  the  h.264  system,  each  video  frame  is  organized  into  slices  which  are  in  turn  divided  into  nonoverlapping  blocks  and  macroblocks  twodimensional  unit  of  a  video  frame.  every  slice  is  independently  encoded  and  can  decode  itself  without  reference  to  another  slice.  the  main  advantage  of
__label__productinspection this  system  is  that  it  is  not  required  to  wait  for  the  entire  frame  to  be  captured  before  starting  to  encode.  as  soon  as  one  slice  is  captured,  the  encoding  process  can  start,  and  slice  transmission  can  begin.  this  technique  has  a  consistent  effect  on  the  overall  latency  as  it  influences  all  the  system  latencies  from  encoding  to  display.  theoretically,  we  define  the  overall  latency  by  the  number  of  slices  n  ,  although  in  practice  this  may  not  be  the  case  due  to  setting  up  and  processing  individual  slices.  in  order  to  efficiently  transmit  and  minimize  the  bandwidth,  it  is
__label__productinspection important  to  use  video  compression  techniques,  although  the  slice  technique  also  has  an  effect  on  the  compression  ratio.  the  higher  the  number  of  slices,  the  faster  they  can  be  encoded  and  transmitted,  although  as  this  number  increases,  the  number  of  bits  used  for  a  slice  and  the  effective  slice  transmission  time  also  increase.  other  types  of  delay  also  affect  the  overall  delay.  some  factors  can  be  adjusted  when  a  uav  system  is  used.  for  example,  t  depends  on  the  frame  rate  of  the  uav  camera;  the  higher  the  frame  rate,  the  shorter  the  capture  time.  t  relies  on  the  available
__label__productinspection data  bandwidth  of  the  transmission  channel,  while  t  video  capture  is  based  on  the  refresh  rate  of  the  display.  the  drone  in  the  worksite  concrete  mixing  plant  is  located  in  the  base  station,  which  is  at  a  distance  from  the  conveyor  belts  and  is  always  ready  for  new  requests  from  the  industrial  control  system.  using  the  library  described  in  ,  the  drone  is  able  to  automatically  takeoff  and  follow  a  predefined  path  around  the  conveyors  belts  to  take  the  required  photos  .  the  drones  mission  is  accomplished  in  three  steps  .  the  drone  carried  out  10  test  missions  in  three
__label__productinspection days  in  a  real  concrete  batching  plant  in  cartagena  spain.  the  first  step  was  to  fly  around  130  m  to  the  beginning  of  the  conveyor  belts.  it  then  hovered  over  the  belts,  took  photos  and  sent  them  to  the  iot  gateway.  in  the  last  step  the  drone  returned  to  the  starting  point  .  path  used  by  the  drone  to  execute  the  mission  in  a  concrete  plant.  offboard  image  processing  techniques  were  selected  due  to  the  asset  of  the  cloud  services.  matlab,  opencv  or  tensorflow  could  also  have  been  used  as  the  control  system;  however,  the  cloud  completes  the  computing  activities
__label__productinspection and  provides  an  efficient  time  and  cost  optimization.  ibms  watson  visual  recognition  wvr  service  analyzes  the  content  of  images  from  the  drone  camera  transmitted  through  the  iot  gateway  see  .  this  service  can  classify  and  train  visual  content  using  machine  learning  techniques.  the  wvr  service  enables  us  to  create  our  own  custom  classifier  model  for  visual  recognition.  each  sample  file  is  trained  against  the  other  files,  and  positive  examples  are  stored  as  classes.  these  classes  are  grouped  to  define  a  single  model  and  return  their  own  scores.  there  is  also  a  default  negative  class  to  train  the  model  with  images
__label__productinspection that  do  not  depict  the  visual  subject  of  any  of  the  other  positive  classes.  negatives  example  files  are  deployed  to  improve  the  results  and  are  not  stored  as  positives  classes.  wvr  is  based  in  part  on  the  technology  developed  for  the  ibm  multimedia  analysis  and  retrieval  system  imars  ,  supplemented  by  deep  features  that  are  extracted  on  caffe  software  .  the  wvr  service  extracts  feature  vectors  from  a  particular  layer  of  a  caffe  network  for  all  the  supplied  examples  and  uses  them  to  train  a  oneversusall  support  vector  machine  svm  model  for  each  class.  the  feature  extraction  process  is  therefore
__label__productinspection equivalent  to  inferencing  with  the  neural  network,  but  the  svm  learning  process  is  less  cpu  intensive  than  inferencing  .  the  watson  service  generally  accepts  a  maximum  of  10,000  images  or  100  mb  per  .zip  file  and  a  minimum  of  10  images  per  .zip  file,  with  different  angles  and  scenarios  to  obtain  the  maximum  precision.  the  service  recommends  that  the  images  be  at  least  224  224  pixels  and  contain  at  least  30  of  the  subject  matter.  in  order  to  train  the  custom  model,  we  used  a  dataset  of  the  images  captured  by  the  uav  camera  from  the  field  of  practice  in
__label__productinspection different  positions.  in  addition,  we  roughly  divided  the  use  case  into  two  parts:  a  mixed  material  set  and  a  normal  material  set  .  dataset  used  to  train  the  custom  model  in  wvr  service:  shows  images  used  to  train  the  mixed  class;  shows  images  used  to  train  the  normal  class.  the  classification  is  divided  into  two  stages,  the  training  stage  and  the  testing  and  validation  stage,  and  the  images  used  in  the  second  stage  are  not  used  in  the  first.  in  the  training  stage  we  used  the  dataset  images  to  create  two  new  classes,  a  normal  class,  and  a  mixed  class.
__label__productinspection these  classes  were  grouped  to  define  a  single  custom  model.  in  the  testing  stage,  the  results  of  the  watson  tests  are  shown  as  a  confidence  score  for  the  image  in  the  range  of  0  to  1.  a  higher  score  indicates  that  the  class  is  more  likely  to  be  depicted  in  the  image.  the  scores  are  considered  as  a  threshold  for  action,  and  the  confidence  score  are  based  on  training  images,  evaluation  images,  and  the  types  of  criteria  of  the  desired  classification.  shows  the  test  of  three  different  new  images  and  the  results  of  each  class  score.  wvr  recognized  the  difference
__label__productinspection between  the  images  according  to  the  density  of  the  normal  material  on  the  conveyors.  for  instance,  the  confidence  score  for  the  test3  .jpg  image  is  0.92  for  the  normal  class,  indicating  the  greater  likelihood  of  this  class  being  in  the  image.  watson  visual  recognition  test  of  new  images  not  used  in  the  training  phase.  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  the  wvr,  we  used  a  formula  to  calculate  the  accuracy  as  defined  by  equation  9.  to  validate  the  wvr  performance  in  this  case,  we  tested  a  dataset  of  more  than  100  photos  and  achieved  a  final  detection  accuracy  of  87.28.  the
__label__productinspection misclassified  cases  are  listed  in  ,  which  represents  the  confusion  matrix.  based  on  a  large  number  of  tests  with  new  images  not  used  in  the  training  phase,  we  were  able  to  define  the  threshold  of  each  score  class,  make  a  decision,  and  then  send  the  order  to  the  industrial  control  system  to  adjust  the  material  quantities  on  the  conveyor  belts.  where  fp  represents  the  number  of  negatives  samples  that  are  judged  to  be  positive,  tp  is  the  number  of  positive  samples  judged  to  be  positive,  tn  the  number  of  negative  samples  judged  negative  and  fn  is  the  number  of  positive
__label__productinspection samples  judged  to  be  negative.  confusion  matrix.  tp  fn  fp  tn  the  novelty  of  the  proposed  iot  control  system  is  that  it  provides  realtime  interaction  between  an  industrial  control  system,  uavs  and  the  cloud.  based  on  the  input  information  from  the  concrete  plant,  the  uav  can  interact  and  execute  the  mission  automatically  and  provide  the  necessary  photos  to  the  cloud  to  compute  and  analyze  the  data  by  deep  learning  methods  and  send  the  result  back  to  the  control  system  for  decisionmaking.  after  training  the  wvr  model  in  the  cloud,  nodered  can  send  new  photos  stored  in  the  iot  gateway  to
__label__productinspection the  cloud  service  using  the  wvr  recognition  node  and  the  getfile  node  .  the  cloud  service  classifies  the  new  photos  and  sends  back  the  results  to  the  wvr  node  to  be  analyzed  and  sent  to  the  plc  via  the  opc  ua  protocol.  shows  the  results  obtained  from  the  wvr  node  in  nodered.  the  service  classifies  the  image  and  produces  two  scores  for  each  class.  nodered  flow  and  wvr  results  of  a  uav  photo.  this  section  provides  the  rtd  time  measurements  of  the  iot  gateway  connections  in  its  conditions  of  use  and  underlines  the  crucial  role  of  the  iot  gateway  in
__label__productinspection terms  of  latency.  in  this  application,  the  iot  gateway  is  connected  to  different  systems  with  different  transmitted  data.  each  iot  gateway  has  its  own  software  and  hardware  components  to  process  the  data  with  different  processing  times.  below,  we  evaluate  this  difference  by  using  three  gateways  with  different  performances.  shows  the  specification  of  each  of  the  three  selected  platforms.  specification  of  each  machine  environment.  a  case  study  was  used  to  define  the  latency  of  the  opc  ua  clientserver  architecture.  the  experimental  setup  was  based  on  an  industrial  plant  and  software  in  addition  to  three  different  iotbased  platforms.  the  industrial  control  system
__label__productinspection deployed  as  an  opc  ua  server  uses  a  siemens  s71512  with  embedded  opc  ua  communication  stack.  the  opc  ua  client  is  implemented  using  nodered  opc  ua  client  node  in  the  three  different  devices,  the  iot  gateway  iot2040  from  siemens  sg,  a  raspberry  pi  3  model  b  rpig  and  a  pc  computer  toshiba  satellite  pcg  .  in  the  first  step  of  the  latency  study  we  compared  the  rtd  with  the  three  different  devices  considered  as  opc  ua  client  attached  to  the  same  siemens  s71512  opc  ua  server  network.  opc  ua  delay  in  opc  ua  client  server  in  an  ethernet  network.  the
__label__productinspection proposed  application  is  deployed  in  a  local  network  and  is  based  on  a  simple  use  case  that  consists  of  reading  one  bit  from  the  opc  ua  server.  all  the  rtd  measurements  were  conducted  on  the  same  network.  in  these  conditions  we  consider  that  rtd  delay  is  derived  mainly  from  the  tx  software  latency  of  the  software  stack  of  device  x  equation  1,  assuming  insignificant  hardware  t  latency  of  the  wires  and  switch.  a  machine  m  is  defined  as  well  as  a  pair  of  hardware  setup  hw  and  a  software  setup  sw  :  the  software  setup  sw  is  defined  as  the
__label__productinspection set  of  all  software  elements  in  this  machine  and  the  hardware  setup  hw  is  defined  as  the  set  of  all  hardware  elements  .  a  timestamp  contained  in  an  inject  node  in  nodered  was  used  to  measure  latency  .  in  every  request,  the  timestamp  request  is  saved  by  a  function  node.  we  define  latency  l  as  the  difference  between  the  timestamp  of  response  from  the  server  and  the  timestamp  request  of  the  client  saved  in  the  first  function.  thus,  latency  l  is  measured  as:  nodered  flow  used  to  calculate  round  trip  latency  opc  ua  client  to  the  opc  ua  server.  the
__label__productinspection latency  results  are  summarized  in  ,  showing  the  rtd  average,  standard  deviation,  minimal  and  maximal  values  calculated  for  each  fog  computing  machine.  all  the  samples  were  thoroughly  checked  for  the  same  architecture  on  different  days  in  an  experimental  campaign  with  more  than  5000  valid  samples.  the  opc  ua  requests  were  repeated  each  second  to  read  the  one  bit  value  in  the  opc  ua  server  .  sg  gateway  latency  is  higher  than  in  the  rpig  and  pcg  gatways,  approximately  three  times  that  of  the  rpig  and  seven  times  that  of  the  sg.  this  difference  is  evident  in  the  probability  density  function
__label__productinspection as  shown  in  .  the  shapes  of  the  rpig  and  the  pcg  are  almost  the  same  with  a  single  peak,  while  the  sg  shape  is  narrower  and  scattered  over  a  large  time  area.  opc  ua  clientserver  rtd  to  read  one  bit  through  different  machines.  rtd  test  of  5200  samples  from  the  opc  ua  client  to  the  opc  ua  server  plc  over  different  clients  through  different  machines.  in  order  to  analyze  this  large  difference  in  the  recorded  rtd  between  sg  and  rpig,  we  continuously  monitored  the  cpu  load  for  5  min  during  the  opc  ua  channels  rtd.  the  sg  and  rpig
__label__productinspection gateways  were  tested  separately  in  the  same  network  conditions  and  running  only  nodered,  which  runs  the  opc  ua  client.  the  computed  cpu  usage  was  calculated  as  the  average  of  all  the  cores  in  the  sg  and  rpig  gateways  see  .  simulation  results  of  cpu  load  versus  opc  ua  rtd  ms  in  the  sg;  simulation  results  of  cpu  load  versus  opc  ua  rtd  ms  in  the  rpig.  given  the  analogy  of  a  similar  situation  ,  which  assumes  that  the  larger  the  rtd  pattern  peaks  the  higher  the  probability  they  are  due  to  the  higher  cpu  load,  although  the  recorded  cpu  load
__label__productinspection patterns  are  not  only  due  to  the  opc  ua  client  implemented  in  nodered.  nonetheless,  we  compared  the  impact  of  cpu  usage  in  the  rtd  as  regards  the  same  conditions  in  the  two  gateways.  it  should  be  noted  that  the  impact  of  node.js  can  be  estimated  to  be  around  10  of  the  processing  power  of  the  gateway  used  in  the  demonstration  case,  and  the  number  of  devices  connected  to  the  gateway  linearly  increases  cpu  and  memory  usage  .  there  is  always  intense  use  of  cpu  in  the  sg  rtd  when  high  latency  is  detected.  the  sg  peaks  sometimes  exceed  400  ms
__label__productinspection and  while  in  the  rpig  they  do  not  exceed  80  ms.  furthermore,  the  average  cpu  load  of  the  rpig  is  much  lower  than  that  of  the  sg.  the  average  value  of  the  cpu  load  in  the  rpig  is  around  1.7,  while  in  the  sg  it  is  around  8  and  the  number  of  devices  connected  to  the  gateway  linearly  increases  the  cpu  load.  the  ibm  watson  visual  recognition  service  is  currently  operated  in  a  datacenter  in  dallas  usa.  internally,  the  service  uses  deep  neural  networks  to  analyze  images.  more  than  one  server  is  used  to  provide  high  throughput  and  reliability.  nodered
__label__productinspection provides  a  node  to  connect  to  the  wvr  service  that  takes  an  image  as  input  and  produces  a  set  of  image  labels  as  output.  the  experiments  carried  out  were  based  on  equation  13  and  used  the  nodered  flow.  the  latency  results  are  summarized  in  ,  the  rtd  average,  standard  deviation,  minimal  and  maximal  values  calculated  for  each  fog  computing  machine.  all  the  samples  were  carefully  and  thoroughly  checked  for  the  same  architecture  on  the  same  day.  the  experiment  was  repeated  for  one  sample  field  case  image  less  than  a  data  block  size  of  154,076  bytes.  each  experimental  campaign  had  around
__label__productinspection 100  valid  samples  for  each  machine.  between  each  100  requests,  the  next  request  is  triggered  at  the  time  of  receiving  the  results  of  the  previous  request  from  the  wvr.  rtd  test  of  100  samples  from  the  iot  gateway  to  ibm  watson  over  different  machines.  the  results  reported  in  display  the  differences  between  the  different  fog  machines.  the  average  sg  score  is  higher  than  rpig  and  pcg.  however,  rpig  is  faster  than  sg  and  had  a  larger  standard  deviation,  while  pcg  is  faster  than  rspg  with  a  low  standard  deviation.  the  probability  density  function  estimates  of  the  wvr  delay  for  the
__label__productinspection three  gateway  machines  are  given  in  .  in  this  case,  the  probability  density  of  the  rpig  has  almost  the  same  curvature  as  that  of  sg,  while  the  probability  density  of  pcg  is  larger.  probability  density  function  estimates  ibm  wvr  latency  to  classify  an  image  located  in  the  iot  gateway.  since  the  wvr  node  in  nodered  relies  on  the  http  protocol  to  send  the  images  to  the  cloud,  we  performed  another  test  using  speedtest  to  measure  http  throughput  between  the  web  server  and  client  over  the  three  gateways  considered  as  clients  on  the  same  day  with  the  same  network  conditions.  the
__label__productinspection results  obtained  in  present  similar  outcomes  in  the  download,  while  the  sg  upload  is  lower  than  the  other  gateways.  speedtest  over  the  3  gateways.  the  streaming  quality  of  the  proposed  node.js  application  was  measured  under  certain  conditions  of  use  to  compare  the  response  time  on  different  iot  gateways  in  the  same  configurations  and  conditions.  the  transmission  channel,  frame  rates  and  compression  techniques  were  the  same  in  all  the  tests  on  the  recording  of  camera  images  and  saving  them  to  a  folder  in  the  iot  gateway.  the  image  frames  were  captured  and  registered  in  a  buffer  before  being  sent  to  the
__label__productinspection gateway.  encoding  was  performed  by  ffmpeg  codec,  and  the  received  frames  were  decoded  in  the  gateway  before  being  saved  on  the  gateway  disk.  the  ar.drone  library  uses  the  basic  h264  profile  mpeg4.10  avc  for  high  quality  streaming  and  video  recording.  the  baseline  profile  was  targeted  at  applications  in  which  a  minimum  of  computational  complexity  and  a  maximum  of  error  robustness  are  required.  h.264/mpeg4avc  baseline  supports  two  slicecoding  types.  the  simplest  is  the  i  slice,  in  which  all  macroblocks  are  coded  without  referring  to  any  other  pictures  in  the  video  sequence.  previously  coded  images  are  used  to  form  a  prediction  signal
__label__productinspection for  macroblocks  of  the  predictivecoded  p  .  theoretically,  based  on  equation  8,  uav  delay  can  be  estimated  by:  the  experiments  focus  on  the  mission  delay  generated  by  taking  pictures  in  a  concrete  production  plant.  we  measured  the  time  needed  for  the  drone  to  connect  with  the  iot  gateway,  take  a  picture  and  save  it  in  a  file  in  the  iot  gateway  writefile  function  from  node.js.  shows  the  results  of  an  ar.drone  2.0  mission  with  around  200  images  on  the  node.js  application,  triggered  from  nodered.  the  latencies  in  both  machines  are  expressed  in  milliseconds  and  calculated  in  the  node.js  application.  rtd
__label__productinspection test  of  200  photos  sent  from  the  iot  gateway  to  the  ar.drone  2.0.  note  that  these  tests  were  made  with  an  image  resolution  of  640  360  px,  frame  rate  of  5  fps  and  a  codec  with  h264  baseline.  the  results  provided  in  show  the  large  difference  in  terms  of  latency  between  rpig  and  pcg.  the  average  rpig  latency  is  almost  three  times  that  of  pcg,  and  rpig  standard  deviation  is  much  higher  than  in  pcg.  on  the  other  hand,  the  sg  results  are  consistently  different  from  those  of  pcg  and  rpig;  the  average  sg  latency  is  very  high,  while  the
__label__productinspection standard  deviation  is  lower  than  rpig.  the  probability  density  function  estimates  of  the  wvr  delay  for  the  rpig  and  the  pcg  are  shown  in  ,  while  the  probability  density  function  estimates  of  the  wvr  delay  for  the  sg  are  shown  in  .  here,  the  distributions  are  clearly  different,  the  data  spreading  of  the  pcg  distribution  covers  a  narrower  range,  with  a  larger  spread  in  the  rpig  and  sg  distributions.  probability  density  function  of  the  delay  of  the  drone  connected  to  the  gateway  when  successive  pictures  from  pcg  and  rpig  are  taken.  probability  density  function  of  the  delay  of  the  drone
__label__productinspection connected  to  the  gateway  when  successive  pictures  from  sg  are  taken.  ,  and  compare  the  cpu  load  of  the  same  program  implemented  in  the  iot  gateways.  the  program  continuously  takes  images  from  the  drone  and  stores  them  in  a  file  in  the  gateway.  the  first  period  red  interval  in  all  three  graphs  shows  the  connection  between  the  drone  and  the  gateways,  while  the  rest  of  the  period  is  the  time  of  execution  of  the  node.js  program  in  the  gateways.  cpu  load  while  taking  successive  photos  and  writing  them  in  a  folder  in  the  pcg.  cpu  load  while  taking  successive  photos
__label__productinspection and  writing  them  in  a  folder  in  the  rpig.  cpu  load  while  taking  successive  photos  and  writing  them  in  a  folder  in  the  sg.  the  three  iot  gateways  have  different  environmental  specifications.  ,  and  show  these  differences  in  terms  of  cpu  usage  in  the  three  gateways  while  executing  the  mission.  in  rpig,  the  cpu  load  increases  from  2  to  60,  while  in  sg,  it  increases  from  3  to  100.  in  the  pcg  gateway  the  average  cpu  load  while  executing  the  mission  was  around  20.  this  difference  is  justified  mainly  by  the  numbers  of  cores  implemented  in  each  gateway  processor.  rpig
__label__productinspection used  a  1.2  ghz  quadcore  armv7  processor  with  four  cores,  while  sg  used  a  400  mhz  intel  quark  1020  processor  with  a  single  core.  furthermore,  rpig  and  pcg  both  support  the  graphics  processing  unit  gpu,  while  sg  does  not.  this  paper  introduces  a  model  designed  to  monitor  the  smart  industrial  internet  of  things  based  on  an  unmanned  aerial  vehicle,  leveraging  cloud  computing  services  and  using  fog  computing  as  a  bridge  between  the  different  iiot  layers.  the  proposed  model  is  able  to  monitor  the  condition  of  a  concrete  plant  production  line  and  the  condition  of  the  materials  transported  on  conveyor  belts
__label__productinspection to  control  the  process.  the  results  reveal  the  effectiveness  of  integrating  drones  with  deep  learning  cloud  services  for  processing  and  analyzing  photos  acquired  in  realtime.  we  demonstrate  how  to  overcome  the  challenge  of  interoperability  using  fog  and  nodered  computation  on  the  iot  gateway.  nodered  interacts  simultaneously  with  the  different  systems  involved  through  different  protocols.  drones  now  show  great  potential  for  many  construction  applications  by  reducing  costs  and  improving  production  processes.  cloud  services  can  handle  many  cases  efficiently,  although  latency  presents  a  major  challenge  due  to  the  interaction  between  the  different  systems.  the  period  of  time  available  to  the  control  system
__label__productinspection to  decide  and  adjust  the  formula  is  estimated  at  between  38  and  60  s,  depending  on  the  quantity  ordered  by  the  customer  and  the  composition  of  the  formula.  given  these  points,  the  3  s  latency  of  the  proposed  solution  is  acceptable  for  plant  control  decisions.  the  siemens  iot  gateway  sg  is  expected  to  provide  better  performance  in  an  industrial  setting,  although  it  has  less  capacity  than  rpig.  the  rtd  differences  between  sg  and  rpig  were  caused  by  the  cpu  load  in  each  machine,  which  reached  100  of  sg  by  connecting  to  the  uav.  the  iot  gateway  provides  an  efficient  solution
__label__productinspection for  data  communication,  although  the  environmental  specification  of  each  iot  gateway  is  crucial  when  it  comes  to  applications  that  require  good  computing  performance.  the  authors  would  like  to  thank  the  seneca  foundation  as  also  frumecar  s.l.,  for  their  support  and  the  opportunity  to  implement  and  test  the  proposed  approach  on  their  facilities.  m.s.  carried  out  this  research  as  part  of  his  ph.d.  thesis,  under  the  supervision  of  a.g.g.,  m.a.,  f.j.o.  and  a.e.o;  funding  acquisition  and  resources,  validation,  c.l.t.  the  study  was  a  joint  research  project  between  the  universit  abdelmalek  essaadi  morocco  and  the  universidad  politcnica  de  cartagena  spain  within  the
__label__productinspection this  website  uses  javascript.  if  you  do  not  have  javascript  enabled  in  your  browser,  this  website  may  not  function  or  appear  properly.  please  enable  javascript  in  your  browser  settings  when  using  this  website.  products  services  wafer  defect  detects  physical  defects  foreign  substances  called  particles  and  pattern  defects  on  wafers  and  obtains  the  position  coordinates  x,  y  of  the  defects.defects  can  be  divided  into  and  .  are  mainly  caused  by  particles  that  become  attached  to  a  wafer  surface,  so  their  positions  cannot  be  predicted.the  major  role  of  a  wafer  defect  is  to  detect  defects  on  a  wafer  and  find  out  their
__label__productinspection positions  position  coordinates.  on  the  other  hand,  are  caused  by  the  conditions  of  the  mask  and  exposure  process,  and  will  occur  in  the  same  position  on  the  circuit  pattern  of  all  the  projected.they  occur  in  locations  where  the  exposure  conditions  are  very  difficult  and  require  fine  adjustment.  the  wafer  defect  detects  defects  by  comparing  the  image  of  the  circuit  patterns  of  the  adjacent  .as  a  result,  sometimes  cannot  be  detected  using  a  conventional  wafer  defect  .  inspection  can  be  performed  on  a  patterned  process  wafer  or  on  a  bare  wafer.each  of  these  has  a  different  system  configuration.below  is  an  explanation
__label__productinspection of  typical  inspection  systems;  patterned  wafer  inspection  system  and  nonpatterned  wafer  inspection  system.  there  are  many  types  of  patterned  wafer  ,  including  the  electron  beam  ,  the  brightfield  inspection  systems,  and  the  darkfield  inspection  systems.  each  of  these  has  its  own  features,  but  the  basic  detection  principles  are  the  same.  on  a  semiconductor  wafer,  electronic  devices  of  the  same  pattern  are  made  side  by  side.  are  often  caused  by  particles  such  as  dust  and  occur  in  random  positions,  as  the  name  suggests.  the  possibility  that  they  will  occur  repeatedly  in  a  specific  position  is  extremely  low.  patterned  wafer  inspection  system
__label__productinspection can  therefore  detect  defects  by  comparing  the  pattern  images  of  adjacent  chips  also  called  and  obtaining  the  difference.  fig.51.  principles  of  defect  detection  on  a  patterned  wafer  fig.51  shows  the  principle  for  detecting  defects  on  a  patterned  wafer.  the  pattern  on  the  wafer  is  captured  along  the  array  by  electron  beam  or  light.  defects  are  detected  by  comparison  between  image  1  of  the  to  be  inspected  and  image  2  of  the  adjacent  .if  there  are  no  defects,  the  result  of  the  subtraction  of  image  2  from  image  1  by  digital  processing  will  be  zero  and  no  defects  are  detected.  in
__label__productinspection contrast,  if  there  is  a  defect  in  the  image  of  2,  the  defect  will  remain  in  the  subtracted  image  3  as  shown  in  the  figure.  the  defect  is  then  detected  and  its  position  coordinates  are  registered.  the  nonpatterned  wafer  inspection  system  is  used  in  the  wafer  shipping  inspection  by  wafer  manufacturers,  the  wafer  incoming  inspection  by  device  manufacturers  and  the  equipment  condition  check  using  dummy  bare  wafers  to  monitor  the  cleanliness  of  equipment.  the  equipment  condition  check  is  also  performed  by  the  equipment  manufacturer  at  the  shipping  inspection  and  by  the  device  manufacturer  at  the  equipment  incoming  inspection.  to  check
__label__productinspection the  cleanliness  of  equipment,  a  bare  wafer  for  cleanliness  monitoring  is  loaded  into  the  equipment  and  the  stage  inside  the  equipment  is  then  moved  to  monitor  the  increase  in  particles.  fig.52.  principle  of  defect  detection  on  a  nonpatterned  wafer1  fig.52  shows  the  principle  for  detecting  defects  on  a  nonpatterned  wafer.  since  there  is  no  pattern,  defects  are  detected  directly  without  image  comparison.  fig.53.  principle  of  defect  detection  on  a  nonpatterned  wafer2  when  a  laser  beam  is  projected  onto  a  particle/defect  of  a  rotating  wafer,  the  light  will  be  scattered  and  detected  by  a  detector.  thus,  the  particle/defect  is  detected.  from
__label__productinspection the  wafer  rotation  angle  and  the  radius  position  of  the  laser  beam,  the  position  coordinates  of  the  particle/defect  are  calculated  and  registered.  defects  on  a  mirror  wafer  also  include  crystal  defects  such  as  in  addition  to  particles.  fig.54.  an  example  of  detecting  the  residue  at  the  bottom  of  a  contact  hole.  in  general,  the  brightfield  is  intended  for  the  detailed  examination  of  pattern  defects.  on  the  other  hand,  the  darkfield  can  detect  at  high  speed  and  is  intended  for  the  defect  inspection  of  a  large  number  of  wafers.  in  the  electron  beam  ,  electron  beam  is  irradiated  onto  the  surface
__label__productinspection of  the  wafer,  and  the  emitted  secondary  electrons  and  backscattered  electrons  are  detected.  moreover,  the  electron  beam  detects  the  amount  of  the  secondary  electrons  as  an  image  contrast  voltage  contrast  according  to  the  conductivity  of  the  devices  internal  wiring.  if  the  conductivity  at  the  bottom  of  the  contact  hole  of  the  high  aspect  ratio  is  detected,  the  sio  residue  of  ultrathin  thickness  can  be  detected.  introducing  the  product  lineup  of  defect  review  sem  defect  inspection  systems  semiconductor  manufacturing  related  links  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation.  2001,  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection better  algorithms  and  more  data  could  bolster  adoption,  particularly  at  advanced  nodes.  chipmakers  are  using  more  and  different  traditional  tool  types  than  ever  to  find  killer  defects  in  advanced  chips,  but  they  are  also  turning  to  complementary  solutions  like  advanced  forms  of  machine  learning  to  help  solve  the  problem.  a  subset  of  ai,  has  been  used  in  computing  and  other  fields  for  decades.  in  fact,  early  forms  of  machine  learning  have  been  used  in  metrology  and  inspection  in  fabs  since  the  1990s  to  pinpoint  defects  in  chips  and  even  predict  problems  using  patternmatching  techniques.  machine  learning  isnt  a  tool  or
__label__productinspection equipment  type  per  se,  but  rather  its  a  set  of  software  algorithms  used  by  the  system  to  help  find  defects.  now  the  industry  is  either  exploring  or  starting  to  use  systems  with  more  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms  based  on  larger  data  sets.  this,  in  turn,  supposedly  speeds  up  the  cycles  of  learning.  this  will  not  replace  the  traditional  methods,  at  least  in  the  short  term.  so  far,  more  advanced  forms  of  machine  learning  are  not  widely  deployed  throughout  the  fab,  and  some  gaps  remain.  but  the  industry  is  making  progress  as  it  strives  to  solve  the  daunting  challenges  in  defect
__label__productinspection detection.  in  todays  fabs,  chipmakers  use  various  inspection  and  metrology  systems  to  find  defects  in  chips.  is  the  science  of  finding  defects,  while  is  the  art  of  measuring  structures.  both  technologies  are  used  to  locate  problems  in  devices,  and  they  help  ensure  yields  in  the  fab.  still,  at  each  node,  the  devices  and  structures  are  becoming  smaller.  in  some  cases,  the  structures  are  well  below  1  angstrom,  which  is  equal  to  0.1nm.  finding  defects  at  that  scale  is  far  more  difficult  and  costly.  tools  do  exist  for  that  purpose,  and  many  incorporate  some  level  of  machine  learning.  so  far,  utilization
__label__productinspection has  been  spotty  for  more  advanced  forms  of  machine  learning.  but  as  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms  are  developed  for  defect  detection,  this  could  change.  at  issue  is  whether  enough  good  data  is  available,  which  would  allow  manufacturers  and  packaging  houses  to  locate  defects  in  a  fast  and  accurate  manner.  if  the  data  sets  are  inadequate,  a  system  can  generate  questionable  or  even  inaccurate  results.  in  either  case,  defect  detection  with  machine  learning  will  continue  to  be  used  for  some  apps  in  the  fab.  as  the  technology  advances,  though,  it  might  see  broader  use  in  the  industry.  machine  learning  is  an
__label__productinspection answer  for  some  metrology  problems.  said  david  fried,  vice  president  of  computational  products  at  .  there  will  be  more  and  more  problems  where  that  solution  becomes  applicable.  its  not  a  panacea.  its  not  the  right  answer  for  everything.  nonetheless,  the  industry  continues  to  improve  the  technology.  heres  are  some  of  the  latest  efforts  in  this  arena:  todays  300mm  fabs  are  automated  plants  that  process  wafers  in  a  stepbystep  flow  using  a  variety  of  equipment.  an  advanced  logic  process  could  have  from  600  to  1,000  steps,  or  more.  at  different  stages,  a  chip  undergoes  various  metrology  and  inspection  steps.  these  steps
__label__productinspection are  critical.  a  missed  defect  can  impact  yield  in  the  fab,  or  escape  into  the  field  and  cause  a  failure  at  a  later  date.  at  28nm  and  above,  metrology  and  inspection  are  straightforward.  for  example,  a  logic  transistor  is  a  planar  with  large  features.  with  relative  ease,  chipmakers  can  measure  and  inspect  devices.  this  is  more  difficult  with  finfets  at  16/14nm.  but  as  chip  designs  migrate  to  10nm/7nm  and  beyond,  the  structures  are  smaller  and  harder  to  measure.  the  same  is  true  for  the  latest  drams  and  nand  devices.  both  and  memory  devices  are  3dlike  in  nature.  so  in  the
__label__productinspection case  of  metrology,  the  tools  must  not  only  obtain  2d  measurements  in  structures,  but  they  must  also  obtain  them  in  three  dimensions  in  a  costeffective  manner.  you  need  to  know  what  the  shape  looks  like.  then,  you  need  to  be  able  to  see  things  like  materials  composition,  so  you  know  that  its  uniform.  a  lot  of  the  defects  are  underneath  the  layers,  said  dan  hutcheson,  chief  executive  of  vlsi  research.  indeed,  defect  detection  is  challenging.  for  example,  socalled  latent  defects  may  crop  up  in  devices.  these  defects  do  not  appear  when  a  device  is  shipped,  but  they  are  somehow  activated
__label__productinspection in  the  field  and  could  end  up  in  a  system.  sometimes,  it  takes  three  or  four  different  things  to  happen  all  at  once  for  a  defect  to  actually  be  a  killer  defect  in  a  particular  location,  hutcheson  said.  compounding  the  challenges,  no  one  metrology  and  inspection  tool  type  can  find  all  defects.  for  example,  more  than  a  dozen  metrology  tool  types  are  required  to  characterize  finfets  in  the  fab.  ideally,  chip  manufacturers  want  tools  with  better  sensitivities  with  higher  throughputs  at  lower  costs.  what  they  need  is  to  take  much  larger  sample  sizes,  so  they  need  more  productivity  in  the
__label__productinspection tools,  hutcheson  said.  going  forward,  suppliers  of  metrology  and  inspection  gear  will  continue  to  improve  their  systems.  meanwhile,  in  a  parallel  path,  metrology/inspection  vendors  continue  to  develop  machine  learning  techniques  using  neural  networks.  in  ,  the  system  crunches  data  and  identifies  patterns.  it  matches  certain  patterns  and  learns  which  of  those  attributes  are  important.  neural  networks  consist  of  multiple  neurons  and  synapses.  a  neuron  could  consist  of  a  memory  cell  with  logic  gates.  the  neurons  are  daisychained  and  connected  with  a  link  called  a  synapse.  neural  networks  function  by  calculating  matrix  products  and  sums.  it  consists  of  three  layersinput,  hidden,
__label__productinspection and  output.  source:  in  operation,  there  might  have  a  hundred  different  defect  types.  each  defect  type  is  imaged  and  the  information  is  put  into  the  input  layer  in  the  network.  then,  each  defect  type  is  moved  into  an  individual  neuron  in  one  of  the  hidden  layers  layer  1  and  assigned  a  weight.  in  another  hidden  layer  layer  2  the  defects  might  be  subdivided  into  different  classes,  such  as  edge,  protrusion,  and  others.  they  are  also  assigned  weights.  in  the  fab,  a  system  detects  a  defect.  in  each  layer,  the  neuron  reacts  to  the  data.  using  a  weighted  system  of  connections,
__label__productinspection one  neuron  in  the  network  reacts  the  strongest  when  it  senses  a  matching  pattern.  the  answer  is  revealed  in  the  output  layer.  machine  learning  is  used  by  search  engine  and  social  media  companies,  as  well  as  other  fields.  deep  learning  is  great  because  it  actually  gives  you  an  opportunity  to  do  things  that  are  more  accurate  faster,  said  ,  chief  executive  of  .  in  medical  imaging,  for  example,  you  are  really  honing  in  on  exactly  which  cells  are  cancerous.  using  a  deep  learning  engine,  they  can  narrow  it  down  to  exactly  which  cells  are  bad.  thats  a  medical  example.  but
__label__productinspection you  can  imagine  the  same  benefits  that  can  be  derived  in  semiconductor  production.  the  ic  industry  is  using  machine  learning  for  circuit  simulation,  hot  spot  detection  and  locating  defects.  the  applications  are  huge,  said  philippe  leray,  litho  process  and  patterning  control  group  leader  at  imec.  you  can  use  it  for  lithography,  etch  and  all  the  different  steps.  you  can  use  it  for  machine  maintenance.  one  of  the  challenges  with  machine  learning  in  general  is  that  you  must  feed  the  system  with  enough  data.  metrology/inspection  systems  follow  the  same  principle.  you  need  to  feed  a  system  enough  data  to  make  it
__label__productinspection work.  this  can  be  a  costly  and  difficult  task.  but  if  you  dont  provide  enough  data,  a  problem  can  surface.  you  can  do  fantastic  things  and  you  can  be  fantastically  wrong,  leray  said.  all  of  the  difficulty  is  in  training  your  data  set.  if  its  big  enough,  representative  enough,  and  unbiased  enough,  then  you  can  have  a  good  answer.  thats  a  big  challenge.  you  can  fool  yourself  very  easily  just  by  providing  a  set  of  training  that  is  inadequate  or  biased.  if  the  data  is  inadequate,  the  outcomes  are  undesirable  and  could  result  in  a  false  negative  or  a  false
__label__productinspection positive.  a  false  negative  indicates  that  a  chip  doesnt  have  a  defect,  when  it  actually  does.  a  false  positive  is  a  test  result  that  is  incorrect.  nonetheless,  the  technology  is  becoming  a  key  part  of  metrology  and  inspection.  machine  learning  and  deep  learning  are  rapidly  being  adopted,  improving  training  and  the  integrity  of  output  results.  networks  are  trained  to  follow  process  changes,  filter  out  outliers,  and  false  distributions,  said  ofer  adan,  director  of  metrology  and  process  control  and  distinguished  member  of  the  technical  staff  at  .  machine  learning  can  use  history  and  predefined  information  to  improve  performance.  has  a  huge
__label__productinspection advantage  to  extract  information  and  attributes  from  images,  which  sometimes  are  too  complicated  for  human  or  even  standard  machine  methods  to  handle.  however,  there  is  no  magic.  if  we  know  the  physical  model,  we  could  get  better  results  than  dl/ml.  so,  if  we  know  something  on  the  physical  model  we  can  use  it  to  help  the  deep  learning  model.  one  way  to  do  it  is  to  use  it  in  the  cost  function  which  the  deep  learning  is  using  for  optimization.  so  the  answer  is  we  should  use  a  combination  of  both.  there  is  another  way  to  look  at  the  technology.
__label__productinspection all  metro/inspection  vendors  use  it  in  various  ways.  the  key  question  is  does  it  provide  any  unique  benefit  to  the  fab?  the  important  things  to  note  is  that  machine  learning  is  simply  another  enabling  technology,  which  needs  product  integration  and  a  deep  level  of  customization  to  be  useful  to  a  fab,  said  kartik  venkataraman,  director  of  product  marketing  at  nanometrics.  what  is  more  common  is  for  vendors  to  use  a  machine  learning  approach  to  extract  the  maximum  information  from  their  tools,  which  is  why  signal  quantity  and  quality  is  still  critical.  machine  learning  can  only  be  as  useful  as  the
__label__productinspection raw  signals  it  is  fed.  today,  machine  learning  is  used  by  some  but  not  all  chipmakers.  some  use  it  in  various  steps  in  the  process  flow.  it  depends  on  the  company.  in  the  fab,  some  metrology  and  inspection  systems  use  machine  learning  to  help  find  defects.  supposedly,  machine  learning  automates  the  process,  but  it  doesnt  always  work  that  way.  at  times,  the  system  requires  manual  intervention  by  the  operator  to  pull  and  examine  the  data.  but  the  bigger  issue  is  that  a  tool  from  one  vendor  incorporates  proprietary  software,  and  is  unable  to  communicate  with  systems  from  other  companies.  some
__label__productinspection are  working  on  integrating  their  systems  to  create  an  endtoend  feedback  flow,  but  the  technology  is  still  in  rd,  according  to  experts.  ultimately,  chipmakers  would  like  an  endtoend  intelligent  feedback  solution  with  tools  from  different  vendors.  some  are  developing  the  technology,  although  this  requires  investment  and  resources.  in  addition,  the  industry  also  would  like  tools  with  more  advanced  machine  learning  capabilities,  particularly  in  wafer  inspection.  machine  learning  will  become  more  important  as  tools  become  more  powerful,  said  mark  smith,  technical  support  engineer  at  .  wafer  inspection  involves  two  main  tool  technologiesebeam  and  optical.  today,  optical  inspection  is  the  workhorse  tool
__label__productinspection in  the  fab.  ebeam  inspection  is  used  in  rd  and  some  parts  of  the  fab.  ebeam  inspection  has  better  resolutions  than  optical,  but  it  is  slower.  in  a  simple  example,  an  inspection  system  inspects  a  wafer  and  the  data  is  compared  to  a  die  or  a  database.  then,  using  a  neural  net,  it  spots  the  defects  using  pattern  recognition  techniques  and  automatically  classifies  them.  this  technique,  which  has  been  around  since  the  1990s,  is  based  on  traditional  methods.  companies  continue  to  develop  the  traditional  techniques,  although  they  are  also  working  on  more  advanced  forms  of  machine  learning.  many  of  klas
__label__productinspection core  detection  technology  is  based  on  traditional  image  processing  techniques,  but  we  are  doing  work  with  machine  learning  as  well,  klas  smith  said.  a  couple  of  areas  where  machine  learning  is  having  a  really  big  impact  are  in  image  classification  and  review  sampling.  there  are  some  challenges  to  making  all  of  this  work.  deep  learning,  the  most  advanced  algorithms,  is  making  headlines  now.  they  rely  on  very  large  data  sets  to  calibrate  and  train  the  models,  smith  said.  this  isnt  always  possible  when  searching  for  a  new  defect  of  interest  doi,  so  we  are  taking  a  hybrid  approach.  there  is
__label__productinspection still  a  lot  of  steam  in  some  of  the  notsonew  approaches,  if  you  add  more  information  about  how  the  inspection  tools  work  and  device  information.  for  example,  we  commonly  use  design  layout  information  as  part  of  our  algorithms.  others  also  are  working  on  the  technology.  for  example,  in  a  recent  paper,  asml  and  sk  hynix  described  a  method  of  improving  the  accuracy  of  opc  in  .  this  is  accomplished  using  an  ebeam  tool  and  deep  learning.  opc  makes  use  of  tiny  shapes,  or  subresolution  assist  features  srafs.  the  srafs  are  placed  on  a  mask,  which  modifies  the  mask  patterns  to
__label__productinspection improve  the  printability  on  a  wafer.  at  each  node,  opc  runtimes  and  cost  are  increasing.  by  adding  a  lot  of  cd  and  edgeplacement  gauges,  we  reduce  the  model  error  by  about  a  third.  and  by  further  changing  the  model  form  from  traditional  models  to  deep  learning  models,  we  get  another  18  gain  in  accuracy,  said  yu  cao,  senior  vice  president  at  asml.  then,  in  another  example,  ibm  and  the  university  of  southern  california  usc  recently  presented  a  paper  about  ebeam  inspection  with  machine  learning.  traditionally,  wafer  inspection  is  conducted  using  dietodie  or  dietodatabase.  with  machine  learning,  though,  ibm  and  usc
__label__productinspection passed  the  images  through  a  trained  model.  this  in  turn  would  do  the  classification  without  the  aid  of  a  design  or  golden  image.  the  trained  model  would  be  an  inference  engine,  according  to  ravi  bonam,  member  of  the  research  staff  at  ibm.  with  this,  researchers  obtained  an  accuracy  of  96.96  with  96.87  sensitivities.  besides  inspection,  machine  learning  also  is  used  in  metrology.  its  highly  used  and  rapidly  being  adopted  across  the  metrology  and  inspection  space,  including  cd  sems,  ocd  and  even  optical  insitu  metrology  such  as  optical  emission  spectroscopy  or  reflectometry,  applieds  adan  said.  it  can  be  used  when  you
__label__productinspection have  a  lot  of  information  about  a  measure  of  interest  but  no  direct  measurement.  machine  learning  allows  you  find  the  correlation  between  a  measure  of  interest  and  various  parameters  that  might  affect  such  a  measure.  it  can  also  be  used  to  predict  tool  performance,  up  time  and  other  functions.  metrology  itself  is  challenging.  for  example,  planar  transistors  require  five  to  six  measurements.  in  finfets,  though,  it  requires  12  or  more  different  cd  measurements,  such  as  the  gate  height,  fin  height,  fin  width  and  sidewall  angle.  to  handle  the  measurements,  chipmakers  require  several  metrology  tool  types,  such  as  a  criticaldimension  scanning
__label__productinspection electron  microscope  cdsem,  optical  cd  ocd  and  others.  ,  the  workhorse  metrology  tool  in  the  fab,  take  topdown  measurements  of  the  dimensions  in  a  structure.  in  a  recent  paper,  imec  described  a  cdsem  with  machine  learning.  in  effect,  the  technology  can  denoise  the  cdsem.  in  the  tool,  imec  added  another  layer  in  the  neural  net,  dubbed  a  generative  adversarial  network  gan.  by  passing  a  noisy  sem  image  through  the  trained  gan,  researchers  obtained  a  noiseless  model  image.  meanwhile,  one  ocd  type,  called  scatteromentry,  can  measure  the  cds,  profiles  and  film  thicknesses  in  finfets.  ocd  is  fast,  but  there  are  some
__label__productinspection drawbacks.  ocd  is  a  modelbased  technique.  in  many  cases,  the  tools  dont  measure  the  actual  device.  instead,  they  measure  surrogate  or  simple  planar  structures,  which  represent  and  behave  like  the  actual  device.  the  measurements  between  these  structures  and  the  actual  devices  are  supposed  to  correlate.  ocd  modeling  also  takes  a  long  time,  however.  then,  in  another  approach,  the  ocd  community  has  developed  a  modelless  technology,  which  is  a  form  of  machine  learning.  it  doesnt  replace  traditional  ocd.  instead,  it  is  a  complementary  technique  that  leverages  ocd.  for  some  time,  we  have  used  detailed  ocd  models  for  device  structures  and  targets,
__label__productinspection as  well  as  our  optical  systems.  but  there  are  places  where  we  have  had  gaps  for  unmodeled  components;  this  is  where  machine  learning  is  having  a  big  impact.  machine  learning  has  delivered  improvements  in  metrology  tool  fleet  matching  and  in  precision.  with  the  proper  reference  metrology,  machine  learning  can  also  lead  to  improvements  in  time  to  results,  said  stilian  pandev,  director  of  advanced  algorithms  in  the  patterning  division  at  kla.  this  could  be  a  standalone  computing  system.  data  is  collected  from  ocd  measurements  and  fed  into  the  computer,  which  crunches  the  numbers  and  produces  results.  in  one  example,  imec  and
__label__productinspection nova  recently  presented  a  paper  on  predicting  the  electrical  performance  in  chips  using  ocd  spectra  and  machine  learning.  the  ocd  technique  is  based  on  rigorous  coupledwave  analysis  rcwa,  which  is  designated  for  periodic  structures.  applying  this  technique  for  nonperiodic  structures,  such  as  electrical  structures,  is  a  challenge,  said  sayantan  das,  an  rd  engineer  at  imec.  machine  learning  algorithms  can  overcome  these  challenges,  and  becomes  a  complementary  approach,  das  said.  our  work  with  nova  has  shown  that  machine  learning  using  ocd  spectra  can  predict  electrical  performance  with  high  r2  values.  this  enables  good  correlation  to  reference  cd.  it  demonstrates  good  correlation
__label__productinspection to  diffractionbased  overlay  and  sembased  overlay.  it  improves  the  correlation  between  measured  and  predicted  resistance  and  capacitance  compared  to  the  ocd  model.  meanwhile,  in  another  example,  globalfoundries  and  nova  recently  used  machine  learning  to  predict  the  resistance  of  copper  interconnects  in  chips.  the  companies  used  spectra  collected  from  both  ocd  measurements  and  electrical  test  sites.  the  predicted  resistance  correlation  to  the  actual  etest  value  is  improved  in  comparison  with  ocd  results  for  multiple  metal  levels  of  various  products.  in  the  feol  sector,  we  have  demonstrated  initial  feasibility  to  predict  the  fin  cd  values  from  an  inline  measurement  using  machine  learning,
__label__productinspection said  padraig  timoney,  a  metrology  engineer  at  ,  in  a  paper.  others  from  globalfoundries  and  nova  contributed  to  the  work.  these  and  other  results  are  impressive,  at  least  in  rd.  but  are  these  results  good  and  fast  enough  for  the  fab?  as  before,  machine  learning  for  defect  detection  will  continue  to  be  used  for  some  but  not  all  apps.  you  really  have  to  understand  and  consider  the  quality  of  data  you  are  feeding  into  these  systems,  coventors  fried  said.  its  the  quality,  the  density  and  amount  of  data  you  are  feeding  into  these  systems  that  will  determine  the  applicability.  clearly,
__label__productinspection machine  learning  is  no  longer  a  novelty.  the  technology  has  been  around  for  a  long  time.  but  in  many  ways,  its  just  scratching  the  surface.  deeper  understanding  of  equipment  behavior  and  market  needs  will  have  broad  impact  across  the  semiconductor  supply  chain.  finding  smaller  defects  earlier  is  becoming  more  difficult  and  expensive.  multiple  sources  of  variability  are  causing  unexpected  problems  in  everything  from  ai  chips  to  automotive  reliability  and  time  to  market.  d2s  ceo  sounds  off  on  the  impact  of  deep  learning,  euv  and  other  manufacturing  advancements.  tags:  thanks  mark  ml  is  also  being  deployed  in  the  semiconductor  backend  for
__label__productinspection solder  joint  inspection  in  high  density  interconnects.  whats  clear  is  that  leveraging  ml  for  inspection  is  not  purely  a  data  science  challenge.  successful  deployments  also  depend  on  highquality  feature  selection,  training  techniques,  and  labels.  hi  scott.  thanks.  is  ml  widely  used  in  packaging?  hi  mark,  there  is  a  limited  deployment  of  ml  in  the  backend  now  primarily  in  aoi.  the  key  trend  that  svxr  sees  is  the  realization  by  manufacturers  and  end  customers  that  it  is  more  costeffective  in  the  long  run  to  collect  rich  data  sets  through  continuous  monitoring  of  back  end  processes  than  it  is  to  deal  with
__label__productinspection yield  fallout  and  field  failures  that  can  escape  traditional  process  control  techniques.  once  you  begin  collecting  rich  data  from  continuous  monitoring,  ml  is  the  natural  way  to  extract  meaningful  information  from  this  data.  hi  mark/scott,  any  examples  or  paper  that  ai/ml  applied  in  quality  or  supply  chain  for  iots?  can  you  provide  any  reference  s?  thanks  the  structures  are  well  below  1  angstrom,  which  is  equal  to  0.1nm?  really  ?  hi,  your  description  in  fig.  1  is  mathematically  incorrect.  when  you  multiply  a  row  vector  with  a  matrix,  you  get  a  row  vector  back.  but,  in  fig.  1  you  got
__label__productinspection a  column  vector  as  the  output.  i  wanted  to  point  this  out  because  matrix  vector  operations  are  at  the  core  of  dnns,  and  i  am  saddened  to  see  such  a  blatant  mistake  by  the  creator  of  fig.  1.  hi  applied  maths,  i  suggest  you  contact  mythic  on  this.  thanks  note:  this  name  will  be  displayed  publicly  this  will  not  be  displayed  publicly  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  new  architectures,  different  markets  and  more  variables  make  it  increasingly  difficult  to  design  and  verify  lowpower  chips.  seventeen  startups  took  in  megarounds  of
__label__productinspection 100  million  or  more  during  october,  with  a  cumulative  total  of  just  over  3.2  billion.  more  nodes  and  alternative  memories  are  in  the  works,  but  schedules  remain  murky.  how  good  are  standard  fpgas  for  ai  purposes,  and  how  different  will  dedicated  fpgabased  devices  be  from  them?  entities,  people  and  technologies  explored  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  a  new  crop  of  memories  in  rd  could  have  a  big  impact  on  future  compute  architectures.  the  new  version  of  the  high  bandwidth  memory  standard  promises  greater  speeds  and  feeds  and  thats  about  it.
__label__productinspection why  intel,  amd,  arm,  and  ibm  are  focusing  on  architectures,  microarchitectures,  and  functional  changes.  marvell  nav  alliance;  drone  bill;  hyundais  35b  plan;  intels  edge  play;  7nm  certifications.  september  was  spectacular  for  startups,  as  27  tech  companies  raised  100  million  or  more,  taking  in  a  total  of  7.1  billion  during  the  month.  ml  will  augment  existing  manufacturing  processes,  but  it  wont  replace  them.  new  approaches  aim  to  drive  down  cost,  boost  benefits  of  heterogeneous  integration.  email:  interests:  systemlevel  design  low  powerhigh  performance  manufacturing,  packaging  materials  test,  measurement  analytics  iot,  security  automotive
__label__productinspection finding  smaller  defects  earlier  is  becoming  more  difficult  and  expensive.  unpatterned  wafer  inspection,  which  has  flown  well  under  the  radar  for  most  of  the  semiconductor  industry,  is  becoming  more  critical  amid  the  need  to  find  defects  earlier  in  the  manufacturing  process  flow.  generally,  is  split  into  two  categoriesunpatterned  and  patterned.  in  simple  terms,  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  looks  for  defects  on  unprocessed  or  bare  silicon  wafers.  patterned  inspection  detects  defects  on  processed  wafers.  klatencor  unpatterned  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  tools  are  used  in  various  parts  of  the  ic  production  flow,  including  the  initial  stages  of  the  semiconductor  process.  in  the  early  stages,
__label__productinspection silicon  wafer  makers  produce  and  sell  bare  or  unprocessed  silicon  wafers  to  chipmakers,  who  process  them  into  chips  in  the  fab.  but  before  silicon  wafer  makers  ship  the  substrates  to  chipmakers,  the  bare  wafers  must  have  few  or  no  defects.  intrinsic  defects  on  bare  wafers  eventually  can  lead  to  killer  defects  on  the  final  chips.  thats  where  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  fits  in.  the  goal  of  these  systems  is  to  find  defects  on  bare  wafers  at  high  throughputs  with  reasonable  costs.  we  want  to  find  the  defects  early  in  the  game.  these  defects,  either  on  a  substrate  or  on  a  film,
__label__productinspection get  created  and  become  bigger.  and  finally,  they  get  to  be  a  problem  down  in  the  line,  said  jijen  vazhaeparambil,  vice  president  and  general  manager  of  the  surfscanade  division  at  .  then,  once  the  bare  wafers  meet  spec,  they  are  shipped  to  the  fab  for  processing.  in  the  fab,  the  processed  wafers  eventually  are  inspected  for  defects  using  a  different  set  of  equipment  called  patterned  wafer  inspection.  as  before,  patterned  wafer  inspection  is  also  important,  as  these  tools  locate  killer  defects  on  the  wafer  in  the  fab.  over  the  years,  there  have  been  tomes  written  about  patterned  wafer  inspection.  in
__label__productinspection contrast,  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  is  less  understood,  but  the  technology  is  also  critical.  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  is  used  for  all  types  of  devices,  such  as  those  with  iiiv  materials,  analog,  logic  and  memory.  in  2017,  the  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  market  was  a  439  million  business,  according  to  gartner.  this  market  has  grown  well  in  the  past  few  years  due  to  the  increased  use  of  these  tools  in  production,  said  bob  johnson,  an  analyst  with  gartner.  in  2017,  klatencor  was  the  leader  in  the  market  with  404  million  in  sales,  or  a  92  share  of  the  business,  according  to  gartner.  hitachi
__label__productinspection hightechnologies  was  the  only  other  major  player  with  about  25  million  in  sales,  according  to  the  firm.  for  years,  the  industry  has  used  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  tools  for  several  applications,  such  as  tool  monitoring,  process  monitoring  and  unpatterned  wafer  quality  control.  tool  and  process  monitoring  are  related.  in  both  cases,  chipmakers  often  want  to  check  on  the  health  or  cleanliness  of  a  tool  or  tools  in  the  fab.  tool/process  monitoring  can  be  conducted  before  and  during  the  production  phase  in  the  fab.  for  this,  chipmakers  run  unprocessed  or  dummy  bare  wafers  through  the  equipment.  then,  they  will  put  the  bare
__label__productinspection wafer  in  an  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  system,  which  will  then  detect  the  particle  counts  of  the  tool  and  determine  if  the  system  causes  defects.  equipment  vendors  also  use  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  for  similar  reasons.  tool  vendors  can  determine  whether  a  given  system  is  creating  defects  during  processing.  in  addition,  silicon  wafer  makers  use  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  to  inspect  bare  silicon  wafers.  chipmakers  also  use  these  tools  for  incoming  inspection  of  bare  wafers  into  the  fab.  silicon  wafers  are  a  fundamental  part  of  the  semiconductor  business.  every  chipmaker  needs  to  buy  them  in  one  size  or  another.  silicon  wafer  makers  produce
__label__productinspection substrates  with  diameters  of  300mm,  200mm  and  smaller.  several  dynamics  are  at  play  in  the  silicon  wafer  business,  including  the  supply/demand  picture  and  technology  challenges.  on  the  demand  front,  the  silicon  wafer  industry  suffered  for  several  years,  due  to  oversupply  and  falling  prices.  there  were  simply  too  many  suppliers  and  capacity  in  the  market.  then,  starting  in  2016,  the  silicon  wafer  industry  began  to  consolidate.  and  last  year,  silicon  wafer  vendors  experienced  tight  supply  amid  booming  demand.  many  even  raised  their  prices.  the  silicon  wafer  industry  experienced  several  years  of  declining  asps  average  selling  prices,  but  the  overall  shipments  continued
__label__productinspection to  grow,  said  clark  tseng,  director  of  industry  research  and  statistics  at  semi.  in  2017,  we  saw  a  rebound  in  the  asps,  which  contributed  to  a  17  revenue  growth.  in  the  first  half  of  2018,  the  market  was  robust.  in  fact,  in  q2  the  market  reached  its  highest  recorded  quarterly  level  in  history,  as  worldwide  silicon  wafer  area  shipments  rose  2.5  to  3,160  million  square  inches  from  3,084  million  square  inches  the  previous  quarter,  according  to  the  semi  silicon  manufacturers  group.  new  quarterly  total  area  shipments  were  6.1  higher  than  second  quarter  2017  shipments.  going  forward,  the  supply  of  silicon
__label__productinspection wafers  is  expected  to  remain  tight  for  some  time.  long  term,  the  capacity  for  silicon  wafers  has  been  pretty  much  fully  booked  until  2020.  most  of  the  big  customers  are  looking  for  longterm  contracts  beyond  2020.  we  see  some  potential  of  capacity  growth  next  year  and  into  2020,  as  well,  tseng  said.  demand  is  strong  for  300mm  silicon  wafers,  but  there  is  also  a  surge  in  the  200mm  arena.  200mm  fabs  worldwide  are  gearing  up  to  add  more  than  600,000  wafers  per  month  from  2017  through  2022,  an  11  growth  rate  that  will  lead  to  a  new  high  of  6
__label__productinspection million  wafers  per  month  by  the  end  of  2022,  said  christian  dieseldorff,  an  analyst  with  semi,  in  a  blog.  besides  the  demand  picture,  there  are  also  some  technology  challenges  in  the  silicon  wafer  business.  in  the  silicon  wafer  production  flow  itself,  the  process  starts  with  polysilicon.  polysilicon  is  melted  in  a  quartz  crucible  along  with  electrically  active  elements.  a  silicon  seed  crystal  is  lowered  into  the  crucible.  the  resulting  body  is  called  an  ingot,  which  is  pulled  and  sliced  into  monocrystalline  wafers.  the  sizes  vary,  depending  on  the  requirements.  its  critical  to  make  silicon  wafers  that  are  flat  and  particlefree,
__label__productinspection so  that  defects  are  not  incorporated  into  the  final  chip.  but  at  times,  crystallographic  defects  are  generated  during  the  silicon  ingot  growth  process  and  subsequent  steps.  on  bare  wafers,  there  are  several  types  of  defects,  such  as  simple  particles,  crystal  originated  particles  or  pits  cops,  residues  and  scratches.  the  challenge  of  advanced  wafer  technology  from  my  perspective  is  fewer  defects.  controlling  defects  in  the  bulk  crystal  is  always  a  challenge  as  well  as  consistency  of  specs  edgetoedge.  as  substrates  become  larger,  it  is  more  likely  that  there  will  be  a  chance  of  defects,  said  john  syring,  senior  sales  and  process
__label__productinspection engineer  with  linton  crystal  technologies,  a  supplier  of  czochralski  process  crystal  growing  equipment  for  use  in  producing  monocrystalline  ingots.  there  are  solutions  to  the  problem.  this  is  the  primary  reason  that  the  use  of  superconducting  magnets  are  being  used  for  300mm  crystal  growth.  the  magnet  helps  stabilize  the  melt  to  provide  a  more  uniform  growth  condition  with  more  consistency  across  the  surface  of  the  wafer,  syring  said.  still,  defects  and  cops  may  crop  up  during  the  process.  new  types  of  materials  may  also  create  defects.  and  then,  the  process  may  cause  unwanted  roughness  on  the  wafer  surface.  needless  to  say,
__label__productinspection its  critical  to  find  defects  before  these  bare  wafers  reach  the  fab.  in  some  cases,  these  imperfect  wafers  can  be  cleaned  or  reworked  at  the  silicon  wafer  house  to  meet  spec.  wafers  that  cant  meet  spec  get  rejected.  regardless,  its  imperative  to  use  unpatterned  wafer  inspection,  but  the  challenges  are  growing  for  300mm  silicon  wafers  at  advanced  nodes.  the  challenges  associated  with  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  include  the  detection  of  even  smaller  defects  on  the  wafer  surface  and  inside  the  wafer  volume,  said  felix  moellmann,  a  systems  engineer  at  rudolph  technologies.  increasing  requirements  to  detect  and  classify  defects  like  pits  and
__label__productinspection slip  lines  add  challenges  and  complexity  to  the  inspection  process.  there  are  other  challenges.  the  biggest  challenge  for  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  is  sensitivity.  at  advanced  design  nodes,  higher  pattern  density  and  smaller  critical  dimensions  shrink  the  minimum  size  of  a  yieldkilling  defect  on  bare  silicon  wafers  or  blanketfilm  monitor  wafers.  in  determining  necessary  sensitivity  for  a  particular  process  step,  however,  its  important  to  understand  how  defects  evolve  through  different  process  steps,  klatencors  vazhaeparambil  said.  then,  of  course,  the  industry  wants  to  inspect  defects  with  a  reasonable  costofownership.  highsensitivity  inspection  becomes  more  important,  because  of  miniaturization  and  reliability  of  devices.  low
__label__productinspection inspection  cost  is  also  required  as  well  as  highsensitivity.  in  order  to  satisfy  customer  requirements,  it  is  necessary  to  achieve  both  highsensitivity  and  highthroughput,  said  naohisa  sekoguchi,  manager  of  optical  inspection  at  hitachi  hightechnologies.  on  top  of  that,  there  are  various  challenges  with  the  different  silicon  wafer  types.  in  chip  production,  the  industry  uses  the  following  wafer  typesanneal,  epitaxial,  polished  and  soi.  epitaxial  wafers,  which  consist  of  a  monocrystalline  silicon  layer  grown  on  the  substrate,  are  used  for  microprocessors,  image  sensors  and  power  devices.  epi  wafers  are  well  addressed  with  todays  inspection  equipment.  but  epi  wafers  present  a  challenge  in
__label__productinspection terms  of  various  occurring  and  controlled  patterns  that  must  be  measured  and  classified,  leading  to  efforts  in  machine  vision,  rudolphs  moellmann  said.  polished  wafers  are  used  for  dram  and  nand  flash.  these  require  ultrapure  substrates  with  flat  and  clean  surfaces.  in  the  inspection  process,  polished  wafers  are  more  of  a  challenge,  as  pits  and  other  defects  tend  to  appear  during  the  bulk  crystal  growth  process.  annealedbased  wafers  also  are  gaining  steam.  in  the  anneal  process,  a  batch  of  polished  wafers  are  placed  in  a  furnace  and  heated.  silicononinsulator  soi  wafers  are  different.  ansoi  wafer  incorporates  a  thin  insulating  layer  in
__label__productinspection the  substrate  as  a  means  to  suppress  leakage.  the  thickness  of  the  insulating  layer,  or  buried  oxide  layer,  is  roughly  20nm  to  25nm.  soitec,  the  worlds  largest  supplier  of  soi  substrates,  performs  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  at  its  production  sites.  surface  frontside,  backside  and  edge  quality,  geometry  and  edge  rolloff  are  the  key  parameters  for  soi  quality,  said  christophe  girard,  product  engineering  director  at  soitec.  for  soi  wafers,  there  are  some  inspection  challenges.  the  challenge  for  inspection  is  to  detect  and  classify  any  kind  of  shallow  or  smooth  abnormality  at  the  surface,  girard  said.  top  silicon  and  buried  oxide  thicknesses  as
__label__productinspection well  as  surface  roughness  can  affect  reflectivity,  creating  challenges  for  detection.  today,  the  industry  is  ramping  up  devices  based  on  fdsoi  substrates.  typically,  fdsoi  products  have  a  low  surface  roughness  and  are  measured  at  the  same  low  threshold  as  polished  or  epi  wafers.  complexity  will  increase  for  thinner  soi  layers  typically  less  than  5nm  or  more  complex  stacks  integrating  sige  or  iiiv  materials,  he  added.  fortunately,  there  are  solutions  in  the  unpatterned  inspection  market.  hitachi  hightechnologies,  klatencor  and  others  are  taking  slightly  different  approaches  to  solve  the  challenges  in  the  market.  in  the  latest  systems,  tool  vendors  are  using  advanced
__label__productinspection light  sources,  sensors  and  software  to  find  defects.  then,  tool  vendors  must  process  more  data  than  ever.  in  some  cases,  they  are  using  machine  learning  techniques  to  find  and  classify  defects.  in  the  latest  announcement,  klatencor  recently  rolled  out  a  new  unpatterned  inspection  system.  the  tool,  dubbed  the  surfscan  sp7,  is  targeted  for  10nm/7nm  and  advanced  memory.  the  sensitivity  for  the  tool  is  15nm,  compared  to  19nm  for  the  previous  model.  like  the  previous  system,  the  sp7  is  based  on  a  266nm  deepultraviolet  duv  light  source.  but  the  latest  system  incorporates  a  new,  lownoise  ccd  sensor.  this  enables  the  detection
__label__productinspection and  classification  of  various  defect  types,  such  as  particles,  scratches,  slip  lines  and  stacking  faults.  it  can  also  inspect  thin  photoresist  materials  on  a  surface.  besides  finding  defects,  klatencor  and  others  must  also  deal  with  another  issuethe  explosion  of  data  in  the  fab,  particularly  in  inspection.  its  not  just  about  defects.  it  also  requires  much  more  computing  algorithms.  our  tool  collects  an  enormous  amount  of  data.  there  is  no  shortage  of  data.  but  the  challenge  is  how  do  you  turn  around  the  data  really  fast,  mostly  in  real  time,  which  you  can  react  to  onthefly,  klatencors  vazhaeparambil  said.  others  agreed.
__label__productinspection the  need  to  inspect  all  surfaces,  including  the  notch,  will  become  increasingly  important,  rudolphs  moellmann  said.  an  additional  future  challenge  will  be  the  precise  categorization  of  defects  using  automated  defect  classification.  the  volume  of  data  and  the  increased  number  of  defects  will  call  for  aienhanced  defect  processing.  in  this  case,  unpatterned  and  patterned  wafer  inspection  are  moving  in  the  same  direction.  both  require  new  machine  learning  techniques  for  fast  defect  detection  and  classification.  needless  to  say,  capturing  defects  is  key  in  both  the  silicon  wafer  house  and  the  fab.  in  fact,  its  more  critical  than  ever.  tags:  nice  article.  i
__label__productinspection would  not  neglect  the  use  of  synchrotron  xrd  techniques  such  as  xrdi  for  process  validation.  the  use  of  high  brilliance  xray  source  as  the  one  from  the  esrf  allows  very  fast  acquisition  times  and  robotic  sample  changers  bring  down  the  price  to  100  dollars/wafer  inspected.  this  could  be  used  as  a  benchmark  for  vendors  such  as  kla  and  hitachi,  but  also  to  validate  new  products,  processes  or  materials.  note:  this  name  will  be  displayed  publicly  this  will  not  be  displayed  publicly  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  new  architectures,  different  markets
__label__productinspection and  more  variables  make  it  increasingly  difficult  to  design  and  verify  lowpower  chips.  seventeen  startups  took  in  megarounds  of  100  million  or  more  during  october,  with  a  cumulative  total  of  just  over  3.2  billion.  more  nodes  and  alternative  memories  are  in  the  works,  but  schedules  remain  murky.  how  good  are  standard  fpgas  for  ai  purposes,  and  how  different  will  dedicated  fpgabased  devices  be  from  them?  entities,  people  and  technologies  explored  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  a  new  crop  of  memories  in  rd  could  have  a  big  impact  on  future  compute
__label__productinspection architectures.  the  new  version  of  the  high  bandwidth  memory  standard  promises  greater  speeds  and  feeds  and  thats  about  it.  why  intel,  amd,  arm,  and  ibm  are  focusing  on  architectures,  microarchitectures,  and  functional  changes.  marvell  nav  alliance;  drone  bill;  hyundais  35b  plan;  intels  edge  play;  7nm  certifications.  september  was  spectacular  for  startups,  as  27  tech  companies  raised  100  million  or  more,  taking  in  a  total  of  7.1  billion  during  the  month.  ml  will  augment  existing  manufacturing  processes,  but  it  wont  replace  them.  new  approaches  aim  to  drive  down  cost,  boost  benefits  of  heterogeneous  integration.  email:  interests:  systemlevel  design  low  powerhigh  performance
__label__productinspection klatencor  has  announced  two  new  defect  inspection  products,  addressing  two  key  challenges  in  tool  and  process  monitoring  during  silicon  wafer  and  chip  manufacturing  at  the  leadingedge  logic  and  memory  nodes.  the  voyager  1015  system  offers  new  capability  to  inspect  patterned  wafers,  including  inspection  in  the  lithography  cell  immediately  after  development  of  the  photoresist,  when  the  wafer  can  be  reworked.  the  surfscan  sp7  system  delivers  unprecedented  defect  detection  sensitivity  on  bare  wafers,  smooth  and  rough  filmsessential  for  manufacturing  silicon  substrates  intended  for  the  7nm  logic  and  advanced  memory  device  nodes,  and  equally  critical  for  earliest  detection  of  process  issues  during  chip
__label__productinspection manufacturing.  together  the  two  new  inspection  systems  are  designed  to  accelerate  timetomarket  for  innovative  electronic  devices  by  capturing  defect  excursions  at  their  source.  with  leading  ic  technologies,  wafer  and  chip  manufacturers  have  very  little  room  for  error,  said  oreste  donzella,  senior  vice  president  and  chief  marketing  officer  at  klatencor.  critical  dimensions  of  nextgeneration  chips  are  so  small  that  the  minimum  size  of  a  yieldkilling  defect  on  bare  silicon  wafers  or  blanketfilm  monitor  wafers  has  shrunk  below  the  detection  limit  of  available  tool  monitoring  systems.  a  second  key  gap  in  the  defect  detection  space  has  been  reliably  detecting  yieldkilling  defects  introduced
__label__productinspection early  in  the  lithography  process,  whether  193i  or  euv.  our  engineering  teams  have  developed  two  new  defect  inspection  systemsone  for  unpatterned/monitor  wafers  and  one  for  patterned  wafersthat  provide  key  capability  for  engineers  to  address  these  difficult  defect  issues  rapidly  and  accurately.  the  surfscan  sp7  unpatterned  wafer  defect  inspection  system  achieves  its  gamechanging  sensitivity  through  substantial  innovations  in  illumination  and  sensor  architecture  that  produce  decades  of  improvement  in  resolution  over  that  of  the  previousgeneration,  marketleading  surfscan  tool.  this  unprecedented  leap  in  resolution  is  the  key  to  detection  of  the  smallest  killer  defects.  the  new  resolution  realm  also  enables  realtime  classification  of
__label__productinspection many  defect  types,  such  as  particles,  scratches,  slip  lines  and  stacking  faultswithout  removing  the  wafer  from  the  surfscan  tool  or  affecting  the  system  throughput.  at  the  same  time,  exquisite  control  over  peak  power  density  allows  the  surfscan  sp7  to  inspect  thin,  delicate  euv  photoresist  materials.  the  voyager  1015  patterned  wafer  defect  inspection  system  closes  a  longstanding  industry  gap  in  afterdevelop  inspection  adi,  leveraging  novel  illumination,  collection  and  sensor  architecture.  this  revolutionary  laser  scattering  inspection  system  drives  sensitivity  forward  while  reducing  nuisance  signalsand  delivers  results  substantially  sooner  than  the  nextbest  alternatives.  like  the  new  surfscan  sp7,  the  voyager  system  features  exceptional
__label__productinspection control  of  power  density,  allowing  inline  inspection  of  delicate  photoresist  materials  after  develop.  high  throughput  capture  of  critical  defects  in  the  litho  cell  and  other  modules  of  the  fab  allows  process  issues  to  be  identified  and  rectified  rapidly.  the  first  surfscan  sp7  and  voyager  1015  systems  have  been  operating  at  leading  wafer,  equipment  and  chip  manufacturers  worldwide,  where  they  work  together  with  klatencors  edr  electronbeam  review  systems  and  klarity  data  analytics  systems  to  identify  process  control  issues  at  the  source.  to  maintain  the  high  performance  and  productivity  demanded  by  wafer  and  chip  manufacturers,  the  voyager  and  surfscan  sp7  systems  are
__label__productinspection backed  by  klatencors  global  comprehensive  service  network.  more  information  about  the  two  new  defect  inspection  systems  can  be  found  on  the  voyager  1015surfscan  sp7  launch  information  page.  silicon  semiconductor  is  an  angel  business  communications  publication.  you  may  choose  to  subscribe  to  the  silicon  semiconductor  magazine,  the  silicon  semiconductor  newsletter,  or  both.  you  may  also  request  additional  information  if  required,  before  submitting  your  application.  please  complete  fields  below.  these  will  only  be  used  to  evaluate  your  application,  and  to  ensure  your  requested  subscription  reaches  you.  we  will  not  share  your  personal  details  with  anyone  else  without  your  permission.  please  see  our
__label__productinspection back  numbers  as  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  steadily  advancing,  various  types  of  things  are  being  connected  to  the  internet  including  industrial  equipment,  home  appliances,  and  vehicles  in  addition  to  pcs  and  smartphones.  a  number  of  different  semiconductor  devices  are  required  to  advance  the  iot,  one  of  which  is  an  edge  device  such  as  a  sensor,  and  another  is  a  highperformance  device  that  stores  and  processes  large  volumes  of  collected  data  on  servers  and  data  centers.  as  for  highperformance  devices,  advanced  logic  devices,  dynamic  randomaccess  memory  dram,  and  nand  flash  memory  are  needed.  the  feature  sizes  of  these  devices
__label__productinspection will  continue  to  shrink,  and  device  structures  will  continue  to  become  three  dimensional  in  the  years  ahead.  in  order  to  realize  these  devices,  precise  processing  of  devices  with  small  features  and  complex  structures  is  required.  inspection  technologies  with  rapid  detection  of  problems  in  manufacturing  processes  and  equipment  are  also  needed.  as  for  edge  devices,  a  wide  range  of  sensors  and  communication  devices  are  demanded.  for  manufacturing  these  edge  devices,  production  volume  at  200mm  wafer  fabs  will  increase  in  addition  to  existing  300mm  wafer  fabs  since  advanced  process  technology  is  not  required  for  manufacturing  these  edge  devices.  at  200mm  wafer  fabs,
__label__productinspection manufacturing  technology  is  already  established,  and  there  is  a  growing  need  for  replacement  of  existing  equipment  due  to  performance  deterioration,  and  productivity  improvements  by  automation  and  throughput  improvement.  hitachi  will  continue  to  provide  technologies  and  solutions  that  meet  diversifying  customer  needs.  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation  recent  developments  in  cuttingedge  semiconductor  devices  include  the  transformation  of  conventional  transistors  into  threedimensional  fin  fieldeffect  transistors  finfets,  and  increasingly  complex  processing  steps  for  technologies  such  as  multipatterning.  these  developments  are  creating  a  need  for  highprecision  etching  at  the  atomic  or  molecular  level  highprecision  control  of  ions,  radicals,  and  byproducts.  hitachi  has  responded  to  this  need
__label__productinspection with  the  development  of  an  enhanced  microwave  electron  cyclotron  resonance  ecr  etching  module  that  supports  nextgeneration  semiconductor  device  manufacturing  processes.  the  module  can  be  mounted  in  the  9000  series  of  conductor  etching  systems  and  has  greatly  improved  exhaust  capacity  for  byproducts  that  impede  processing.  it  uses  a  coaxial/radially  symmetrical  reactor  structure  to  enable  better  processing  uniformity  across  the  wafer  center/edge  differences  and  device  structure  density  differences.  the  module  enables  highprecision  etching  processes  with  low  damage  by  providing  functions  including  a  function  for  process  gas  feed  distribution  control,  a  function  that  uses  a  new  type  of  magnetic  coil  to  control  ion
__label__productinspection and  radical  distributions,  and  the  advanced  temperature  distribution  control  of  wafers.  the  developed  module  can  support  a  wide  range  of  needs  for  developing  or  massproducing  cuttingedge  semiconductor  devices.  hitachi  will  continue  to  be  a  pioneering  provider  of  innovative  solutions,  helping  to  make  cuttingedge  manufacturing  possible.  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation  the  advancement  of  the  iot  is  creating  a  growing  market  for  semiconductors  made  from  wafers  of  200  mm  or  less  in  diameter.  in  this  market,  low  cost  of  ownership  coo  is  demanded,  and  measures  such  as  reusing  old  wafer  fabs  and  extending  the  life  of  oldmodel  equipment  have  been  taken.  it  is
__label__productinspection also  desired  that  processing  and  measurement  equipment  can  support  various  wafer  sizes  and  substrate  materials  to  enable  manufacturing  of  many  different  types  of  devices.  but  only  limited  equipment  suppliers  are  currently  able  to  meet  this  need,  and  device  manufacturers  rely  mainly  on  the  used  equipment  market  for  equipment  supply.  hitachi  entered  the  measurement  equipment  market  of  semiconductors  in  1984,  when  wafer  sizes  were  200  mm  or  less,  and  has  delivered  over  5,000  critical  dimension  scanning  electron  microscopes  cdsems  since  then.  the  rise  of  the  iot  market  has  created  high  demand  for  cdsems  with  200mm  or  smaller  wafers  since  they  are
__label__productinspection still  in  operation  in  manufacturing  fabs.  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation  developed  a  new  type  of  cdsem,  the  cs4800,  in  response  to  this  demand  in  2016.  the  cs4800  can  support  wafer  sizes  of  75  to  200  mm  and  their  corresponding  thicknesses,  as  well  as  wafers  of  some  of  nonsilicon  si  material  substrates.  and,  it  provides  high  resolution,  high  reproducibility,  and  stable  performance  based  on  the  developed  electron  beam  technology  for  cdsems  for  cuttingedge  300mm  wafers.  moreover,  it  meets  customer  needs  in  terms  of  performance  and  operation  by  providing  the  same  usability  and  a  recipe  format  that  is  compatible  with  oldmodel  equipment.  in
__label__productinspection addition  to  cdsems,  hitachi  will  continue  to  meet  a  wide  range  of  needs  for  semiconductor  devices  in  the  era  of  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  ai  by  extending  the  equipment  lineup  for  the  smalldiameter  wafer  semiconductor.  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation  the  advancement  of  the  iot  is  creating  evergrowing  demand  for  memory  semiconductor  devices  for  use  in  servers  and  data  centers.  ensuring  stable  massproduction  of  these  devices  requires  rapid  finding  of  problems  in  processes  and  manufacturing  systems.  to  meet  these  needs,  hitachi  has  developed  the  dark  field  wafer  defect  inspection  system  di4200.  this  system  can  rapidly  monitor  defects  on  patterned  wafers  with  high
__label__productinspection sensitivity.  this  system  uses  a  laser  light  source  and  dark  field  imaging  method  to  provide  defect  detection  on  patterned  wafers  with  a  sensitivity  of  40  nm  50  nm  in  the  previous  model.  the  highest  inspection  throughput  of  this  system  is  40  wafers  per  hour  using  300mm  wafers  as  measured  by  hitachi  measurement  specifications,  35  wafers  in  the  previous  model.  heretofore,  problems  in  manufacturing  systems  were  monitored  by  inspecting  defects  on  special  processed  dummy  wafers.  on  the  one  hand,  by  applying  a  method  of  inspecting  defects  on  the  product  wafers  themselves,  monitoring  of  problems  can  be  achieved  without  lowering  the  manufacturing
__label__productinspection operating  ratio.  and  this  method  contributes  to  reduce  dummy  wafer  costs.  di4200  can  rapidly  inspect  product  wafer  defects  with  high  sensitivity,  and  hitachi  is  going  ahead  with  extending  the  application  of  this  system  for  managing  manufacturing  equipment  at  lower  inspection  cost.  hitachi  hightechnologies  corporation  see  more  hitachi,  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection semiconductor  device  fabrication  is  a  complex,  multistep  process  involving  both  photolithographic  and  chemical  techniques.  step  one  involves  slicing  an  ingot  of  semiconductor  material,  typically  monocrystalline  silicon,  into  thin  wafers.  each  wafer  then  undergoes  a  microfabrication  process  and  serves  as  the  substrate  for  hundreds  of  integrated  circuits  ic  that  get  cut  into  individual  chips.  to  obtain  the  highest  quality  chips,  the  silicon  ingot  must  be  free  of  all  defects.  this  is  critical,  because  the  wafer  undergoes  stress  during  slicing,  fabrication  and  cutting.  cracks  at  any  stage  of  production  make  the  wafer  unusable.  many  ic  manufacturers  in  asia  use  infrared  imaging  microscopes
__label__productinspection to  verify  that  semiconductor  material  is  defectfree  before  slicing,  and  that  circuits  are  crackfree  afterward.  singaporebased  radiant  optronics  pte  ltd.  builds  this  type  of  microscope  and  incorporates  the  shortwave  infrared  swir  goldeye  g008  camera  made  by  allied  vision  technologies  inc.  christopher  cheong,  director  of  radiant  optronics,  likes  the  g008  because  it  is  compact,  robust,  economical  and  suitable  for  applications  that  dont  require  highresolutionimage  detection  of  material  defects.  the  cameras  main  feature  is  an  indium  gallium  arsenide  sensor  that  detects  wavelengths  of  900  to  1,700  nanometers.  this  range  bridges  nearinfrared  700  to  1,400  nanometers  light  and  swir  1,400  to  3,000  nanometers
__label__productinspection light.  visible  light  is  in  the  400  to  700  nanometer  range.  the  g008  is  capable  of  rates  up  to  344  frames  per  second,  at  a  full  resolution  of  320  by  240  pixels.  it  operates  in  temperatures  from  20  to  55  c,  although  a  thermoelectric  cooling  device  ensures  colorconsistent  images  regardless  of  ambient  temperature.  also  standard  are  a  gige  vision  interface  that  includes  power  over  ethernet,  and  i/o  controls  that  synchronize  with  various  types  of  software  and  assembly  systems.  c,  f  and  m42  mounts  are  available  and  allow  for  easy  integration.  manufacturers  use  the  g008  for  a  wide  range  of  inspection
__label__productinspection work.  plastics  recyclers,  for  example,  use  it  to  sort  materials.  the  camera  enables  medical  companies  to  perform  hyperspectral  imaging,  microscopy  and  optical  coherence  tomography,  and  manufacturers  in  the  metal  and  glass  industry  use  the  camera  to  take  thermal  images  of  objects  up  800  c.  other  common  uses  include  airborne  inspection  of  agricultural  fields,  banknote  inspection  and  laser  profiling  of  electronics.  surveillance  and  security  companies  rely  on  the  camera  for  vision  enhancement  through  fog  or  at  night.  radiant  optronics  specializes  in  optoelectronic  technology.  radiant  has  offices  in  malaysia,  shanghai,  taiwan  and  thailand,  but  is  headquartered  in  singapore.  its  customers  include  companies
__label__productinspection involved  in  semiconductors,  biotechnology,  packaging  and  pcb  assembly,  as  well  as  research  and  development  laboratories.  allied  visions  goldeye  series  is  part  of  its  extreme  industrialgrade  camera  family,  along  with  the  prosilica  gt  and  bonito  pro.  the  suppliers  essential  line  includes  mako  and  guppy  pro  cameras.  manta  and  stingray  cameras  comprise  the  enhanced  line.  all  cameras  are  assembled  in  facilities  that  are  iso  9001  certified  and  comply  with  the  iso  13485  quality  standard  for  medical  devices.  for  more  information  on  shortwave  infrared  and  other  cameras,  call  8778721394  or  visit  .  jim  is  a  senior  editor  of  assembly  and  has  more  than
__label__productinspection 30  years  of  editorial  experience.  before  joining  assembly,  camillo  was  the  editor  of  pm  engineer  ,  association  for  facilities  engineering  journal  and  milling  journal  .  jim  has  an  english  degree  from  depaul  university.  for  webinar  sponsorship  information,  visit  or  email  .  this  text  introduces  students  to  a  solid  background  in  the  basic  principles  and  practices  of  welding.  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved  bnp  media.  design,  cms,  hosting  web  development  ::
__label__productinspection the  escalating  costs  of  following  moores  law  have  shifted  the  semiconductor  industrys  focus  to  morethanmoore  mtm  technologies,  where  analog/mixedsignal,  rf,  mems,  image  sensing,  power  or  other  technologies  may  be  integrated  with  cmos  in  a  variety  of  planar,  2.5d  and  3d  architectures.  the  integration  of  these  and  other  key  technologies  is  enabling  a  host  of  fastgrowing  applications  like  artificial  intelligence,  iot  infrastructure  products  and  automotive  radar,  to  name  just  a  few.  earlier  this  year,  yole  developpement  estimated  the  growth  of  the  mtm  market  as  approximately  74m  wafers  of  all  sizes  annually  through  2023,  with  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of
__label__productinspection 3.  but  looking  only  at  the  most  popular  wafer  sizes  12,  8  and  6  wafers,  the  projection  becomes  60m  wafers  by  2023,  for  a  cagr  of  about  5.  sixinch  wafers  remain  a  significant  portion  of  the  market  because  new  technologies  in  silicon  carbide  sic  power  and  gallium  arsenide  gaas  photonicsbased  applications  continue  to  grow  even  as  overall  demand  for  sixinch  wafers  declines  at  a  rate  of  about  5  per  year,  as  applications  continue  their  migration  to  8  wafers.  the  fact  that  mtm  markets  have  become  significant  sources  of  semiconductor  demand  is  good  news  for  semiconductor  manufacturers.  but  it  means  that
__label__productinspection new  metrology,  inspection  and  defect  review  approaches  are  needed  to  accommodate  the  wide  variety  of  possible  failure  modes  that  may  impact  these  multitechnology  devices.  for  example,  consider  consumer  and  automotive  applications.  combined,  these  are  most  definitely  the  largest  unit  volume  users  of  integrated  circuits,  but  their  defect  requirements  are  vastly  different  and,  therefore,  each  also  has  different  inspection  requirements  table  1.  table  1.  significant  inspection  differences  exist  between  automotive  and  commercial  application.  source:  audi  ag  apples  iphone  x  consists  of  about  125  integrated  circuits  ics,  of  which  19  are  produced  on  300mm  wafers,  87  on  200mm  wafers  and  15  on
__label__productinspection 150mm  wafers  figure  1.  it  is  true  that  many  advanced  300mm  applications  can  make  use  of  traditional  nodescaling  inspection  techniques,  but  that  is  not  necessarily  so  for  many  devices  fabricated  on  200mm  and  smaller  wafers.  these  may  involve  specialty  materials  and/or  may  require  nontraditional  fabrication  steps  such  as  wafer  bonding,  deep  reactive  ion  etch  drie,  etc.  figure  1.  an  analysis  of  iphone  bills  of  materials  bom  shows  die  content  by  wafer  size  for  iphones  manufactured  from  2012  through  2017  top,  and  the  sum  total  of  ic  die  by  wafer  size  bottom.  the  majority  of  die  area  is  accounted  for  by
__label__productinspection 300mm  wafers,  but  by  far  the  fastestgrowing  segments  are  die  from  200mm  and  150mm  wafers.  these  wafers  support  most  mtm  device  applications  today,  including  new  applications  in  power  and  photonics  just  now  making  their  way  into  the  market.  source:  applied  materials  additionally,  given  the  ongoing  and  fastpaced  introduction  of  new  capabilities  and  models  in  consumer  electronics  products,  and  the  lack  of  ongoing  investment  in  some  of  them,  the  expected  product  lifetime  of  most  highvolume  consumer  products  like  smartphones  is  typically  just  a  few  years.  that  is  why  smartphone  manufacturers  may  not  hold  component  suppliers  to  the  same  stringent  quality  and
__label__productinspection reliability  standards  prevalent  in  other  industry  segments.  device  defect  specifications  for  consumer  electronics  may  be  in  the  range  of  one  part  per  million  ppm.  assuming  typical  smartphone  manufacturing  volumes  of  1.51.6b  units,  and  using  the  iphone  bom  mentioned  earlier  as  a  figure  of  merit,  one  could  assume  there  are  roughly  187k  or  more  unsaleable  units  per  year,  a  conservative  number  that  represents  roughly  93m  per  year  of  lost  product  sales.  contrast  that  with  the  automotive  industry  figure  2,  where  the  numbers  can  add  up  more  rapidly.  cars  must  operate  reliably  for  many  years  over  widely  varying  environmental  conditions.  thus,  there
__label__productinspection is  much  less  tolerance  for  killer  defects,  which  are  now  specified  in  the  parts  per  billion  ppb  range,  an  order  of  magnitude  higher  than  for  consumer  electronics.  figure  2.  ics  are  used  extensively  in  todays  cars  and  their  use  is  growing,  making  it  imperative  to  find  better,  faster  ways  to  identify  killer  device  defects.  the  dollar  amount  of  lost  automotive  revenue  attributable  to  those  defects  is  also  orders  of  magnitude  higher.  in  addition,  the  potential  impact  of  failures  is  qualitatively  different  as  well.  since  serious  injury  or  even  death  can  result  from  failure  of  automotive  components  figure  3,  it  isnt
__label__productinspection entirely  surprising  that  component  makers  serving  the  automotive  segment  have  begun  speaking  in  terms  of  parts  per  trillion  ppt.  figure  3.  common  defects  for  moorethanmoore  mtm  chips  in  automotive  and  consumer  applications.  one  major  semiconductor  supplier  to  the  automotive  industry,  nxp  semiconductor,  explained:  the  cost  of  the  impact  of  defectrelated  failures  increases  from  tens  of  dollars  at  the  ic  level,  to  hundreds  of  dollars  at  the  module  level,  to  thousands  of  dollars  at  the  level  of  the  car.  table  2.  table  2.  the  value  of  product  sitting  idle  due  to  defectrelated  failures  can  be  substantial  in  the  automotive  segment.  source:
__label__productinspection nxp  semiconductor  with  passengers  safety  at  serious  risk,  chipmakers  need  to  ensure  delivery  to  automakers  of  virtually  zerodefect  devices.  therefore,  advanced,  highproductivity  metrology  and  inspection  technologies  are  essential.  applied  materials  offers  several  metrology,  inspection  and  defect  review  technologies  to  identify  killer  defects  in  mtm  devices  before  they  find  their  way  into  finished  products  figure  4.  figure  4.  metrology,  inspection  and  defect  review  technologies  from  applied  materials.  sophisticated  waferinspection  tools  like  applieds  complus  3/4t  vita  enable  users  to  detect  surface  particles,  pattern  flaws,  and  other  conditions  that  may  compromise  a  completed  device.  applieds  highquality,  stateoftheart  review  tools  such  as  the  semvision
__label__productinspection g2/g3  or  semvision  g3  focused  ion  beam  fib  use  highresolution  imaging  and  energy  dispersive  xray  edx  material  analysis  information  for  root  cause  analysis,  thereby  reducing  the  cycle  times  needed  to  identify  failures  and  drive  corrective  actions.  metrology  cdsem  tools  such  as  applieds  veritysem2/3/4i  are  used  to  monitor  and  control  process  quality  in  both  lithography  and  etch  steps.  their  advanced  capabilities  for  slope  and  edge  analysis  provide  extensive  data  that  leads  to  better  processquality  assessments  and  monitoring.  although  these  tools  represent  the  current  stateoftheart,  development  of  new  and  innovative  metrology,  inspection  and  defect  review  techniques  are  ongoing  to  meet  the  unique
__label__productinspection challenges  of  mtm  devices.  one  major  issue  is  that  complex  architectures  which  require  many  layers  of  processing  to  create  the  device  stackwhether  they  are  mtm  devices  or  advanced  cmos  icsimpose  additional  process  control  challenges.  thus,  the  ability  to  find  any  buried  defects  which  could  lead  to  device  failure  is  of  paramount  importance.  indeed,  the  ability  to  inspect  buried  defects,  or  even  to  remove  layers  of  material  to  uncover  them,  is  fast  becoming  one  of  the  industrys  highestvalue  problems.  although  various  tools  and  technologies  exist  to  examine  multilayer  structures,  these  inspection  techniques  often  result  in  destruction  of  the  ic  or  wafer
__label__productinspection under  examination.  they  are  also  almost  always  performed  on  a  wafer  or  ic  that  has  been  removed  from  workinprocess  wip  and  then  analyzed  off  the  production  line,  leading  to  production  inefficiencies,  delays  or  stoppages,  and  increased  costs.  thus,  a  technology  that  would  enable  users  to  perform  a  fast,  accurate  multilayered  buried  defect  analysis  in  situwithout  having  to  destroy  or  remove  a  wafer  from  wipwould  be  invaluable.  for  more  information,  contact  wafer  starts  for  morethanmoore  market  trends  ,  yole  developpement,  april  2018.  assume  125  devices  per  iphone.  assuming  each  ic  has  a  1  ppm  failure  rate,  then  approx.  125  failures  per
__label__productinspection you  cannot  log  in  without  being  assigned  a  valid  tsi  role.  search  hong  he,  professor  and  chief  scientist  at  the  center...  effective  immediately,  portacount  respirator  fit  te...  tsi  has  become  a  team  partner  to  new  york  yacht  club...  aerospace  thought  leaders  and  industry  experts  from  ...  tsi  experts  will  host  a  fluid  mechanics  workshop  in  ...  the  asian  congress  of  fluid  mechanics  is  organized  b...  calibrating  surface  defect  inspection  systems  for  semiconductor  manufacturing  let  us  help  call  us:  8006801220  /  1  6514902860  as  devices  decrease  in  size,  smaller  particles  can  damage  or  kill  the  components.  these  killer  defects  must  be
__label__productinspection detected  during  the  manufacturing  process  and  their  sources  mitigated  to  reach  and  maintain  high  manufacturing  yields.  surface  inspection  systems  are  used  to  search  for  defects  on  wafer  and  photomask  surfaces  as  a  crucial  part  of  the  advanced  process  control  apc  applied  to  semiconductor  integrated  circuit  fabrication.  there  are  different  types  of  defects,  including:  which  happen  when  the  process  is  not  working  as  intended.  it  causes  issues  such  as  missing  materials  or  rounded  transistor  edges  instead  of  straight  edges.  which  happen  when  a  particle  works  its  way  into  a  sensitive  part  of  a  component,  such  as  the  trench  of  a  transistor.
__label__productinspection there  are  many  different  sources  for  defects,  ranging  from  materials,  to  processes,  to  equipment,  to  the  processing  substrate  wafer  itself.  in  order  to  pinpoint  which  source  is  responsible  for  the  defect,  the  wafer  is  inspected  at  each  stage  of  the  manufacturing  process.  different  inspection  stages  require  different  metrology  tools.  the  first  stage  of  inspection  is  on  bare  wafers.  latter  stages  involve  inspection  of  wafers  with  a  uniform  film.  bare  wafers  and  films  are  called  unpatterned  surfaces,  and  they  are  examined  for  particles  that  could  become  killer  defects.  these  stages  of  inspection  are  meant  to:  photomasks  reticles  used  in  photolithography  for
__label__productinspection printing  patterns  in  thin  films  must  also  be  inspected  for  defects  embedded  in  the  photomask  patterns  hard  defects  and  particles  that  land  on  the  photomask  surface  soft  defects.  sufficiently  large  hard  or  soft  defects  will  result  in  defects  in  the  pattern  printed  on  each  die  of  the  wafer  printable  defects.  unpatterned  photomask  reticle  inspection  systems  inspect  mask  surfaces  for  printable  defects.  unpatterned  wafer  and  unpatterned  reticle  inspection  systems  must  be  properly  calibrated  and  qualified  to  reliably  detect  killer  defects  and  printable  defects.  wafer  and  photomask  calibration  standards  deposited  with  particles  of  known  material  and  accurately  controlled  particle  size  and  count
__label__productinspection are  essential  for  effective  equipment  calibration.  msp  is  happy  to  provide  these  and  the  equipment  used  to  produce  these  standards  to  help  semiconductor  manufacturers  and  equipment  suppliers  at  any  stage  of  the  surface  defect  detection  process.  we  have  a  wide  range  of  semiconductor  clients,  and  each  type  of  client  uses  our  semiconductor  metrology  products  and  services  in  a  different  way.  idms  manufacture  the  devices  using  advanced  process  control  to  maximize  manufacturing  yield  and  product  reliability.  idms  need  to  calibrate  their  inspection  and  defect  review  systems,  and  want  to  reduce  the  amount  of  variability  between  tools.  the  end  goal  is  to
__label__productinspection understand  how  their  inspection  systems  perform,  as  installed  and  with  continuous  use,  so  the  systems  can  find  killer  defects  before  they  result  in  significant  product  loss  during  the  manufacturing  process.  killer  defects  refers  to  a  defect  large  enough  to  render  the  device  useless,  and  can  be  as  small  as  10nm.  msp  provides  highlyautomated  ,  which  produce  custom  wafer  for  inspection  system  calibration,  qualification,  and  performance  monitoring.  knowing  the  strengths  and  limitations  of  the  inspection  systems  allows  idms  to  ultimately  improve  their  yield  of  viable  microchips.  process  tool  oems  manufacture  the  equipment  used  for  creating  the  microchips  equipment  that  helps  to
__label__productinspection complete  some  of  the  hundreds  of  process  steps  and  need  both  calibration  standards  and  inspection/defect  review  systems.  the  calibration  standards  support  the  metrology  required  for  developing  their  process  tools/equipment  and  supporting  the  process  control  used  by  their  customers.  the  inspection/defect  review  systems  help  them  develop  their  equipment  and  processes.  process  tool  oems  use  inspection  and  defect  review  systems  to  analyze  the  output  of  the  tools  they  develop  for  example,  film  quality  and  to  try  to  identify  sources  of  contaminant  particles  generated  by  their  equipment  and  processes.  they  use  highquality  custom  wafer  and  reticle  ,  developed  by  msp,  to  calibrate  and
__label__productinspection monitor  the  performance  of  their  inspection  systems.  they  also  use  msp  to  develop  their  own  calibration  standards  and  inspection  tool  recipes  tailored  to  the  process  control  needs  of  each  customer.  inspection  tool  oems  manufacture  wafer  and  reticle  inspection  systems/tools,  and  need  to  verify  that  their  inspection  systems  can  detect  defects  with  enough  sensitivity  and  reliability.  inspection  tool  oems  need  to  characterize  the  performance  of  their  systems  each  system  needs  to  detect  down  to  a  specific  particle  size  on  a  specific  substrate  with  a  specific  film  or  surface  finish.  to  verify  inspection  system  performance  and  to  calibrate  the  equipment,  test  wafers
__label__productinspection or  reticles  deposited  with  particles  of  proper  size,  shape,  and  composition  are  needed.  msp  supplies  photomasks  for  inspection  tool  oems  to  test  and  calibrate  their  equipment.  we  also  provide  conformance  standards  that  are  shipped  with  the  equipment  when  it  is  sold  to  the  end  user  so  they  can  check/validate  the  tools  performance  periodically.  read  the  latest  news  about  tsi  and  industries  we  serve.  we  are  at  the  industry  events  important  to  you.  we  encourage  curiosity  and  critical  thinking.  browse  tsi  jobs.  tsi  researchers  and  engineers  hold  more  than  50  patents.
__label__productinspection allsurface,  automated,  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  transparent  film  metrology  for  frontend  semiconductor  manufacturing  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  inline  yield  and  defect  management  automated  defect  classification  software  with  a  dynamic  defect  library  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  inline  yield
__label__productinspection and  defect  management  integrated,  intelligent  fault  detection  and  classification  software  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  defect  and  yield  analysis  data  management  software  drive  processes  to  target  with  intelligent  runtorun  control  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  submicron  automatic  defect  inspection  for  wafers  and  panels  automated  defect  classification  software  with  a  dynamic  defect  library  advanced  packaging  lithography  system  for  round  substrates  up  to  330mm  advanced  packaging  lithography  system  for  rectangular  or  square  panel  substrates  up  to
__label__productinspection gen  3.5  size  720mm  x  600mm  submicron  automatic  defect  inspection  for  wafers  and  panels  inline  yield  and  defect  management  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  inline  yield  and  defect  management  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  advanced  packaging  lithography  system  for  wafers  and  panels  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  drive  processes  to  target  with  intelligent  runtorun  control  inline  yield  and  defect  management  next  generation  large  array  probe  card  analyzer  with  advanced  testing  capabilities  wafer  probe  card  test  and  analysis  system  simulating  the  tester  interface  on
__label__productinspection the  test  floor  automated  2d/3d  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  highresolution  imaging  for  flat  panel  display  applications  up  to  gen  3.5  size  highresolution  imaging  for  flat  panel  display  applications  up  to  gen  4.5  size  integrated,  intelligent  fault  detection  and  classification  software  offline  yield  analysis  and  data  mining  software  drive  processes  to  target  with  intelligent  runtorun  control  integrated,  intelligent  fault  detection  and  classification  software  inline  yield  and  defect  management  offline  yield  analysis  and  data  mining  software  automated  defect  classification  software  spatial  pattern  recognition  software  offline  defect  review  and  manual  classification  software  submicron  automatic  defect  inspection  for  wafers  and  panels
__label__productinspection high  speed  2d/3d  automated  inspection  and  metrology  for  defects  and  bumps  allsurface,  automated,  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  advanced  macro  inspection  for  frontend  manufacturers  edge  and  backside  inspection  2d  automated  defect  inspection  and  sample  3d  inspection  for  advanced  packaging  lowcost  macro  defect  inspection  for  traditional  backend  semiconductor  manufacturing  acoustic  film  metrology  system  that  provides  accurate,  inline  thickness  measurements  of  semitransparent  and  metal  films  on  product  wafers  transparent  film  metrology  for  frontend  semiconductor  manufacturing  transparent  film  metrology  for  specialty  foundry,  rf,  mems  market  requiring  small  wafer  handling  from  100  to  200mm  highresolution  imaging  for  flat  panel  display  applications  up  to  gen  3.5  size
__label__productinspection highresolution  imaging  for  flat  panel  display  applications  up  to  gen  4.5  size  advanced  packaging  lithography  system  for  rectangular  or  square  panel  substrates  up  to  720mm  x  600mm  substrate  size  designed  for  pcb  or  advanced  packaging  manufacturing  applications,  incorporating  a  250mm  x  250mm  large  field  exposure  area  achieving  3m  resolution  over  a  broad  dof  with  throughput  of  110pph  advanced  packaging  lithography  system  for  200mm,  300mm  and  330mm  wafer  sizes  wafer  probe  card  test  and  analysis  system  simulating  the  tester  interface  on  the  test  floor  wafer  probe  card  test  and  analysis  system  built  upon  the  rich  legacies  of  nanometrics  and  rudolph  technologies,
__label__productinspection onto  innovation  creates  advanced  process  control  solutions  that  enable  the  semiconductor  industry  to  operate  smarter,  faster  and  with  greater  efficiency.  bare  wafer  manufacturers  provide  the  quality  silicon  wafers  needed  for  todays  semiconductor  manufacturing.  moores  law  continues  to  drive  the  scaling  of  logic  devices  and,  likewise,  the  challenges  to  process  and  process  control.  memory  has  become  the  cornerstone  of  the  mobile  world  and  one  of  the  most  critical  semiconductor  devices  manufactured  today.  mobile  communications  and  miniaturization  has  led  to  an  explosion  in  the  quantity  and  complexity  of  the  rf  devices  needed  in  this  connected  world.  mems  devices  fuel  innovation  for  iot
__label__productinspection in  industrial  and  consumer  electronics,  and  the  complex  and  unique  manufacturing  processes  require  a  unique  approach  to  process  control.  cameras  have  revolutionized  the  way  we  see  the  world  through  our  mobile  devices.  pixel  size  has  decreased  and  the  array  density  increased  to  improve  camera  resolution.  whether  on  wafer  or  panel,  fanout  packaging  offers  reduced  package  cost  and/or  form  factor.  see  how  rudolph  can  solve  the  most  pressing  challenges.  todays  bumping  processes  create  features  in  a  wide  variety  of  shapes,  densities,  quantities  and  materials.  collectively,  they  create  the  connections  that  drive  device  functionality,  quality  and  yield.  todays  mobile  displays  are  becoming
__label__productinspection more  sophisticated  and  new  technologies  are  needed  to  advance  the  industry  to  nextgeneration  technologies  such  as  foldable  and  rollable  displays.  probe  or  wafer  or  sort  test  is  increasingly  more  important  as  hybrid  and  2.5/3d  devices  become  prevalent.  todays  more  stringent  dicing  process  requirements  bring  light  to  issues  that  may  occur  during  die  singulation  that  impact  the  longterm  reliability  of  devices.  the  rudolph  stepfast  solution  is  a  feedforward  adaptive  shot  technology  that  addresses  process  variations,  die  placement  errors  and  dimensionally  unstable  materials.  using  a  parallel  die  placement  measurement  process  and  advanced  analytics,  rudolphs  stepfast  solution  provides  a  means  to  balance  productivity
__label__productinspection throughput  against  yield,  adding  an  extra  dimension  of  flexibility  for  optimized  profitability.  shanghai,  china  lake  buena  vista,  florida  company  news  company  news  earnings  company  news  do  you  have  passion,  urgency,  and  integrity?  do  you  have  a  desire  to  use  innovation  and  quality  to  drive  results?  do  you  believe  in  putting  customers  first  to  become  successful?  if  so,  we  want  to  talk  with  you.  are  you  ready  to  improve  the  world  with  us?  16  jonspin  road  wilmington,  massachusetts  01887  2019  rudolph  technologies.
__label__productinspection is  an  integral  part  of  wafer  chip  fabrication  process.  it  enables  along  the  process  to  increase  the  fab  yield  amount  of  good  chips  out  of  total  wafers  processed.  every  detected  defect  is  handled  as  an  indicator  of  some  process  malfunction.  this  means  that  the  defect  itself  cannot  be  repaired  on  its  wafer  occurrence.  the  process  engineers  should  correct  the  process  itself  to  avoid  such  defects.  are  each  defect  is  categorized  by  its  cause:  1.  too  wide  ebr  edge  bead  removal  once  the  defect  is  detected,  it  needs  to  be  classified  in  order  to  enable  the  correction  of  the  fabrication  process.
__label__productinspection classification  is  based  on  the  defect  properties  such  as  specific  patterns,  geometries  and  similar.  some  defects  are  part  of  a  larger  scenario  as  .  in  this  case,  a  group  of  small,  local  defects  form  a  larger  event  defect.  preclassification  grouping  is  essential  to  ensure  an  accurate  defect  reporting.  defects  that  appear,  on  the  wafer,  as  a  set  of  small  local  defects,  are  designated  macro  defects.  as  defined  here,  they  are  larger  in  size  magnitudes  of  difference  compared  to  the  local,  singleoccurrence  based,  defects.  are  available  today,  built  by  highend  manufactures.  such  scanners  are  electroopticalcomputerized.  they  use  various  microscopy  and  lighting
__label__productinspection techniques  to  detect  wafer  defects  in  todays  most  challenging  technologies  as  small  as  10nm.  the  detection  is  based  on  pixel  comparison  on  adjacent  dyes  or  cells.  such  highresolution  scanners  are  very  expensive  and  due  to  the  high  resolution  used  the  process  of  scanning  the  whole  wafer  is  excessively  slow.  this  leads  to  operation:  simply  put,  not  every  wafer  is  checked.  micro  dierelated  defects  in  recent  years,  additional  type  of  defect  detection  scanners  emerged.  they  are  the  .  they  are  designed  to  handle  the  large  scale  macro  defects.  usually,  the  scanner  is  able  to  scan  the  wafer  in  a  single  fov
__label__productinspection field  of  view.  they  are  relatively  cheaper,  less  complex  relative  to  the  highend  defect  scanners,  easy  to  operate  and  have  a  faster  operation  cycle  i.e.  full  wafer  scanning  takes  much  less  time.  they  can  detect  large  defects  but  not  a  local  small  ones.  macro  defect  scanning  has  its  own  function  and  advantages.  due  to  the  fast  scanning,  .  usually,  the  operation  is  simpler  and  it  does  not  require  a  complex  recipe.  since  the  basic  structure  is  composed  of  only  a  microscope,  a  camera  and  some  handling  mechanism,  many  companies  entered  this  market  and  many  products  are  available.  macro  waferrelated  defects
__label__productinspection automatic  defect  detection  and  classification  is  also  required  for  macro  wafer  defects.  in  this  case,  classical  detection  methods  can  be  used  refer  to  pixel  comparison  above.  however,  used  for  defect  classification  may  also  be  used  for  the  detection  process  itself.  this  is  due  to  the  fact  that,  as  opposed  to  high  resolution  scanning,  we  have  the  full  fov:  the  deep  learning  classifier  can  be  trained  to  detect  the  macro  defects,  based  on  their  image  signature.  the  whole  operation,  with  deep  learning,  is  faster  and  more  accurate.  the  is  trained  with  a  large  set  of  samples  for  each  defect  type.  they
__label__productinspection should  contain  many  instances  of  the  macro  defect  over  local  wafer  elements.  for  example,  a  wafer  scratch  a  type  of  macro  wafer  defect  is  passing  over  the  wafer  elements  like  metal  tracks,  silicon  spacers  and  others.  it  is  important  to  include  samples  for  all  the  intermediate  steps  of  the  wafer  fabrication.  also,  retraining  is  essential  to  ensure  the  classifier  will  be  up  and  running  with  new  designs  from  new  customers.  deep  learningbased  defect  classification  provides  .  a  cnn  is  configured  to  handle  in  order  to  maintain  reasonable  performance:  for  example,  images  of  300300  pixels.  the  cnn  is  composed  of  .
__label__productinspection follows  a  fc  fully  connected  layer  with  sigmoid  activation.  additional  fc  layers  may  be  added,  as  required.  the  last  layer  is  a  that  provides  the  classification.  is  expert  in  both  deep  learning  technology  and  wafer  inspection;  we  have  successfully  achieved  many  computer  vision  projects  for  vlsi  wafer  equipment  manufacturers.  this  article  is  the  third  part  in  a  series  of  three  articles  about  sensors  usedby  the  automotive...  this  article  is  the  second  part  in  a  series  of  three  articles  about  sensors  usedby  the  automotiv...  this  article  is  the  first  part  in  a  series  of  three  articles  about  sensors  usedby  the  automotive...
__label__productinspection multiplex  if  analysis  allows  for  realtime  relational  data  between  cells  in  tissue.  this  is  an  ad...  circulating  tumor  cells  ctcs  are  rare  cancer  cells  that  originate  from  a  tumor  and  then  travel  ...  pulmonary  embolism  is  a  very  dangerous  condition,  which  happens  when  a  clot  of  blood  moves  from  s...  rsip  visions  advanced  ai  technology  provides  segmentation  with  unmatched  precision  for  intervent...  coronary  artery  disease  cad  or  ischemic  heart  disease  ihd  has  become  one  of  the  most  common  c...  the  great  vessels  conduct  blood  to  and  from  the  heart.  these  vessels  include  the  aorta,  superior  ...  ear  pathologies  are  common
__label__productinspection we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__productinspection klas  defect  inspection  and  review  systems  cover  the  full  range  of  yield  applications  within  the  chip  and  wafer  manufacturing  environments,  including  incoming  process  tool  qualification,  wafer  qualification,  research  and  development,  and  tool,  process  and  line  monitoring.  patterned  and  unpatterned  wafer  defect  inspection  and  review  systems  find,  identify  and  classify  particles  and  pattern  defects  on  the  front  surface,  back  surface  and  edge  of  the  wafer.  this  information  allows  engineers  to  detect,  resolve  and  monitor  critical  yield  excursions,  resulting  in  faster  yield  ramp  and  higher  production  yield.  the  392x  series  broadband  plasma  defect  inspection  systems  support  waferlevel  defect  discovery,  yield  learning  and
__label__productinspection inline  monitoring  for  7nm  logic  and  leadingedge  memory  design  nodes.  with  light  source  technology  that  produces  super  resolution  deep  ultraviolet  srduv  wavelength  bands  and  sensor  innovations,  the  3920  and  3925  provide  high  sensitivity  capture  of  unique  defect  types.  the  392x  series  also  leverages  advanced  designaware  algorithms,  pixelpoint  and  nanocell,  to  capture  and  bin  defects  in  yieldcritical  pattern  locations.  with  throughput  that  supports  inline  monitoring  requirements,  the  392x  series  pairs  sensitivity  with  speed,  enabling  discovery  at  the  speed  of  light,  for  reduction  of  the  time  required  to  deliver  waferlevel  data  for  complete  characterization  of  process  issues  during  development  and  high  volume
__label__productinspection manufacturing.  defect  discovery,  hotspot  discovery,  process  debug,  euv  print  check,  engineering  analysis,  line  monitoring,  process  window  discovery  3900  and  3905:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  provide  yieldcritical  defect  capture  on  10nm  and  below  logic  and  advanced  memory  devices.  29xx  series:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  complement  the  inspection  performance  of  the  39xx  series  for  defect  discovery  on  a  range  of  design  nodes  and  device  types.  the  295x  series  broadband  plasma  defect  inspection  systems  provide  advancements  in  optical  defect  inspection,  enabling  discovery  of  yieldcritical  defects  on  7nm  logic  and  leadingedge  memory  design  nodes.  using  enhanced  broadband  plasma
__label__productinspection illumination  technology,  and  the  new  pixelpoint  and  nanocell  designaware  technologies,  the  2950  and  2955  broadband  plasma  defect  inspectors  provide  the  sensitivity  required  to  capture  critical  defects  across  a  range  of  process  layers,  material  types  and  process  stacks.  as  the  industrystandard  for  inline  monitoring,  the  295x  series  pairs  sensitivity  with  optical  wafer  defect  inspection  speed,  enabling  discovery  at  the  speed  of  light  the  combination  of  fast  defect  discovery  and  full  characterization  of  defect  issues  at  optimal  cost  of  ownership.  defect  discovery,  hotspot  discovery,  process  debug,  engineering  analysis,  line  monitoring,  process  window  discovery  39xx  series:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  with
__label__productinspection super  resolution  deep  ultraviolet  srduv  wavelength  bands  that  complement  the  inspection  performance  of  the  29xx  series  for  defect  discovery  on  10nm  design  node  devices.  2930  and  2935:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  provide  yieldcritical  defect  capture  on  10nm  and  below  logic  and  advanced  memory  devices.  2920  and  2925:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  provide  yieldcritical  defect  capture  on  16nm  and  below  memory  and  logic  devices.  2910  and  2915:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  provide  yieldrelevant  defect  capture  on  2x/1xnm  memory  and  logic  devices.  2900  and  2905:  optical  broadband  plasma  wafer  defect  inspectors  that  provide
__label__productinspection capture  of  yieldrelevant  defects  on  2xnm  memory  and  logic  devices.  the  voyager  1015  laser  scanning  inspection  system  supports  production  ramp  defect  monitoring,  specializing  in  afterdevelop  inspection  adi  for  both  immersion  193i  and  euv  lithography,  when  the  wafer  can  still  be  reworked.  a  duv  laser,  new  optics  design  and  largest  collection  solid  angle  produce  the  defect  sensitivity  required  for  the  tight  pitches  found  in  adi  at  advanced  design  nodes.  custom  sensors  and  a  switchable  laser  enable  inspection  of  delicate  photoresist  materials,  while  oblique  illumination  and  advanced  algorithms  suppress  noise  sources  inherent  to  adi  inspections  for  more  relevant  results.  the  voyager  1015
__label__productinspection delivers  high  throughput  capture  of  critical  defects  in  the  litho  cell  and  other  modules  of  the  fab  allowing  process  issues  to  be  identified  and  rectified  rapidly.  line  monitor,  tool  monitor,  tool  qualification,  193i  and  euv  resist  qualification  the  puma  9980  laser  scanning  inspection  system  incorporates  multiple  sensitivity  and  speed  enhancements  that  enable  capture  of  critical  defects  of  interest  doi  at  throughputs  required  for  high  volume  manufacturing  for  1xnm  advanced  logic  and  advanced  dram  and  3d  nand  memory  devices.  part  of  a  portfolio  of  advanced  wafer  defect  inspection  and  review  tools,  the  puma  9980  provides  the  highest  throughput  solution  for  production
__label__productinspection ramp  monitoring  by  enhancing  capture  of  defect  types  on  advanced  patterning  layers.  the  puma  9980  incorporates  nanopoint  designaware  capability,  which  produces  more  actionable  inspection  results  through  increased  defect  sensitivity,  improved  systematic  nuisance  binning  and  tightened  defect  coordinate  accuracy.  line  monitor,  tool  monitor,  tool  qualification  puma  9850:  provides  high  sensitivity  excursion  monitoring  in  all  die  regions  for  2x/1xnm  memory  and  logic  devices.  puma  9650:  provides  high  performance  excursion  monitoring  in  all  die  regions  for  28nm  memory  and  logic  devices.  puma  9500:  provides  high  performance  excursion  monitoring  for  32nm  memory  and  logic  devices.  the  8  series  patterned  wafer  inspection  system  detects  a
__label__productinspection wide  variety  of  defect  types  at  very  high  throughput  for  fast  identification  and  resolution  of  production  process  issues.  the  8  series  enables  costeffective  defect  inspection  of  150mm,  200mm  or  300mm  silicon  and  nonsilicon  substrate  wafers  from  initial  product  development  through  volume  production,  helping  fabs  reduce  the  risk  of  excursions  by  providing  higher  lot  and  wafer  sampling.  the  8  series  wafer  defect  inspection  systems  feature  led  scanning  technology  with  a  selectable  spectrum,  simultaneous  brightfield  and  darkfield  optical  paths  and  automated  wafer  defect  binning,  which  are  designed  to  enable  leading  ic  fabs  and  legacy  node  fabs  to  accelerate  delivery  of  their  products
__label__productinspection reliably  and  at  lower  cost.  process  monitor,  tool  monitor,  outgoing  quality  control  oqc  circl:  the  8  series  inspection  technology  is  also  available  as  a  module  on  the  circl  defect  inspection,  metrology  and  review  cluster  tool.  the  circl  cluster  tool  has  four  modules,  covering  all  wafer  surfaces  and  providing  parallel  data  collection  at  high  throughput  for  efficient  process  control.  the  modules  comprising  the  latestgeneration  circl5  system  include:  front  side  wafer  defect  inspection;  wafer  edge  defect  inspection,  profile,  metrology  and  review;  backside  wafer  defect  inspection  and  review;  and,  optical  review  and  classification  of  front  side  defects.  data  collection  is  controlled  by  directedsampling,
__label__productinspection an  innovative  approach  that  uses  results  from  one  measurement  to  trigger  other  types  of  measurements  within  the  cluster.  the  modular  configuration  of  circl5  offers  flexibility  for  varying  process  control  needs,  saves  overall  fab  space,  reduces  wafer  queue  time,  and  provides  a  costeffective  upgrade  path  to  protect  a  fabs  capital  investment.  process  monitor,  outgoing  quality  control  oqc,  tool  monitor,  backside  monitor,  edge  yield  monitor  the  surfscan  sp7  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  system  supports  leadingedge  logic  and  memory  design  nodes  through  qualification  of:  processes,  materials  and  tools,  including  those  for  euv  lithography,  for  ic  manufacturing;  advanced  substrates,  such  as  prime  silicon,  epitaxial,  and
__label__productinspection soi  wafers,  for  substrate  manufacturing;  and  process  tool  performance  for  equipment  manufacturing.  using  a  duv  laser  source  with  peak  power  control,  a  novel  optical  architecture,  a  range  of  spot  sizes  and  advanced  algorithms,  the  surfscan  sp7  delivers  ultimate  sensitivity  and  enhanced  defect  classification  at  high  throughput  for  bare  wafers,  smooth  and  rough  films,  and  fragile  resists  and  litho  stacks.  the  surfscan  sp7  also  integrates  a  high  resolution  surfmonitor  module  that  characterizes  surface  quality  and  detects  subtle  defects,  helping  qualify  processes  and  tools.  process  qualification,  tool  qualification,  tool  monitoring,  outgoing  wafer  quality  control,  incoming  wafer  quality  control,  euv  resist  and  scanner
__label__productinspection qualification,  process  debug  surfscan  sp5  :  unpatterned  wafer  surface  inspection  system  with  duv  sensitivity  and  high  throughput  for  ic,  substrate  and  equipment  manufacturing  at  the  1xnm  design  nodes.  surfscan  sp5:  unpatterned  wafer  surface  inspection  system  with  duv  sensitivity  and  high  throughput  for  ic,  substrate  and  equipment  manufacturing  at  the  2x/1xnm  design  nodes.  surfscan  sp3:  unpatterned  wafer  inspection  system  with  duv  sensitivity  and  high  throughput  for  ic,  substrate  and  equipment  manufacturing  at  the  2xnm  design  node.  the  edr7380  electronbeam  ebeam  wafer  defect  review  and  wafer  classification  system  captures  high  resolution  images  of  defects,  producing  an  accurate  representation  of  the  defect  population
__label__productinspection on  a  wafer.  with  a  wide  range  of  electron  optics  and  a  dedicated  inlens  detector,  the  edr7380  supports  defect  visualization  across  process  steps,  including  fragile  euv  lithography  layers,  high  aspect  ratio  trench  layers  and  voltage  contrast  layers.  unique  simul6  technology  produces  a  complete  doi  pareto  in  one  test  for  accurate  defect  sourcing  and  faster  excursion  detection.  with  connectivity  features,  such  as  ias  for  broadband  optical  patterned  wafer  inspectors  and  optisens  for  bare  wafer  inspectors,  the  edr7380  provides  unique  linkage  to  kla  inspectors  for  faster  yield  learning  during  ic  and  wafer  manufacturing.  defect  imaging,  automatic  inline  defect  classification  and  performance  management,
__label__productinspection bare  wafer  outgoing  and  incoming  quality  control,  wafer  dispositioning,  hotspot  discovery,  defect  discovery,  euv  print  check,  process  window  discovery,  process  window  qualification,  bevel  edge  review.  edr7280:  electronbeam  wafer  defect  review  and  classification  system  with  fifthgeneration  ebeam  immersion  optics  for  16nm  design  node  ic  development  and  production.  edr  is  a  registered  trademark  of  kla  corporation.  follow  us  on  copyright  2019  kla  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  updated  and  our  .  youve  selected  to  view  this  site  translated  by  google  translate.  kla  china  has  the  same  content  with  improved  translations.  would  you  like  to  visit
__label__productinspection business  wirejul.  9,  2018  nasdaq:  ,  a  leading  supplier  of  semiconductor  test  and  inspection  equipment,  today  announced  the  introduction  of  the  new  infrared  automated  optical  inspection  aoi  module  for  enhanced  microcrack  and  subsurface  defect  detection  on  waferlevel  chipscale  packages  wlcsps.  the  continuous  increase  of  product  quality  requirements  in  iot,  mobility  and  automotive  markets  are  driving  the  need  for  upstream  detection  of  silicon  defects  on  integrated  circuits,  which  are  not  otherwise  identifiable  via  electrical  test.  this  is  a  growing  segment  in  semiconductor  inspection  with  increasing  volume  of  wlcsps  and  advanced  packaging.  infrared  imaging  has  the  ability  to  see  through  silicon,  inspecting
__label__productinspection the  structure  underneath  the  surface  that  is  not  otherwise  observable  with  traditional  vision  inspection  systems.  cohus  new  vision  module  offers  a  breakthrough  by  integrating  infrared  imaging  onto  a  highspeed  automation  platform  that  delivers  an  economical  solution  for  high  quality  inspection.  this  new  module,  in  combination  with  previously  announced  aquilae  inspection  and  3d  flex  metrology,  further  strengthens  cohus  differentiation  in  the  growing  semiconductor  inspection  market.  will  demonstrate  the  infrared  aoi  module  and  other  innovative  products  during  the  semicon  west  show  in  at  booth  5650  from  .  about  :  is  a  leading  supplier  of  semiconductor  test  and  inspection  handlers,  microelectro  mechanical  system
__label__productinspection mems  test  modules,  test  contactors  and  thermal  subsystems  used  by  global  semiconductor  manufacturers  and  test  subcontractors.  forwardlooking  statements:  certain  matters  discussed  in  this  release,  including  statements  concerning  infrared  automated  optical  inspection  capability  and  wlcsp  segment  growth  are  forwardlooking  statements  that  are  subject  to  risks  and  uncertainties  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  projected  or  forecasted.  such  risks  and  uncertainties  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  risks  associated  with  our  ability  to  convert  new  products  into  production  on  a  timely  basis  and  to  support  product  development  and  meet  customer  delivery  and  acceptance  requirements  for  new  products;  our
__label__productinspection reliance  on  thirdparty  contract  manufacturers  and  suppliers;  failure  to  obtain  customer  acceptance  resulting  in  the  inability  to  recognize  revenue  and  accounts  receivable  collection  problems;  revenue  recognition  impacts  due  to  asc  606;  market  demand  and  adoption  of  our  new  products;  customer  orders  may  be  canceled  or  delayed;  the  concentration  of  our  revenues  from  a  limited  number  of  customers;  intense  competition  in  the  semiconductor  equipment  industry;  our  reliance  on  patents  and  intellectual  property;  compliance  with  u.s.  export  regulations;  geopolitical  issues;  the  seasonal,  volatile  and  unpredictable  nature  of  capital  expenditures  by  semiconductor  manufacturers;  and  rapid  technological  change.  these  and  other  risks  and  uncertainties
__label__productinspection are  discussed  more  fully  in  filings  with  the  ,  including  the  most  recently  filed  form  10k  and  form  10q,  and  in  the  registration  statement  on  form  s4  that  has  been  filed  by  with  the  containing  a  prospectus  with  respect  to  the  common  stock  to  be  issued  in  the  proposed  transaction  and  a  joint  proxy  statement  of  and  in  connection  with  the  proposed  transaction  that  is  contained  therein.  the  forwardlooking  statements  included  in  this  release  are  not  assurances,  and  speak  only  as  of  the  date  of  this  release,  and  does  not  undertake  any  obligation  to  update  these  forwardlooking  statements  to  reflect
__label__productinspection the  continuous  increase  of  product  quality  requirements  in  iot,  mobility  and  automotive  markets  are  driving  the  need  for  upstream  detection  of  silicon  defects  on  integrated  circuits,  which  are  not  otherwise  identifiable  via  electrical  test.  infrared  imaging  has  the  ability  to  see  through  silicon,  inspecting  the  structure  underneath  the  surface  that  is  not  otherwise  observable  with  traditional  vision  inspection  systems.  cohus  unique  innovation  offers  a  breakthrough  by  integrating  infrared  imaging  for  enhanced  microcrack  and  subsurface  detection  on  wafer  level  chip  scale  packages  wlcsps  onto  a  highspeed  automation  platform  that  delivers  an  economical  solution  for  high  quality  inspection.
__label__productinspection coventors  cto  drills  down  into  predictive  maintenance,  the  impact  of  variation,  and  what  this  means  for  yield  and  future  technology.  david  fried,  cto  at  coventor,  a  lam  research  company,  sat  down  with  semiconductor  engineering  to  talk  about  how  ai  and  big  data  techniques  will  be  used  to  improve  yield  and  quality  in  chip  manufacturing.  what  follows  are  excerpts  of  that  conversation.  :  when  i  started  in  cmos  at  200mm,  there  was  some  data  on  the  tools  in  the  fab,  but  by  and  large,  we  were  losing  it  as  soon  as  it  was  created.  when  we  went  to  300mm,  we  got
__label__productinspection better  at  putting  sensors  on  tools,  generating  data,  and  in  some  cases  looking  at  it.  :  yes,  and  we  graduated  to  the  point  where  if  processed  lots  come  out  of  the  fab  and  they  dont  work,  you  go  back  and  do  standard  characterization  operations  and  figure  out  if  it  was  process  26  that  caused  this  failure.  you  find  the  process  valve  on  process  26  is  oddly  out  of  position  for  every  other  lot  you  processed  on  that  tool,  so  it  is  probably  a  throttle  valve  issue.  then  you  put  in  fault  detection  on  that  throttle  valve  signal  to  not  let
__label__productinspection it  happen  again.  but  its  a  very  reactive  data  flow.  you  already  have  the  failure,  and  then  you  go  out  and  find  the  cause.  but  if  you  think  about  the  level  of  complexity  were  getting  to  in  innovation  and  individual  processes  themselves,  this  reactive  data  flow  will  never  catch  up.  :  the  equipment  has  sensors  that  are  analyzing  data  from  operations  of  the  tool  and  monitoring  of  the  wafer  process.  for  instance,  sensors  and  data  logs  are  picking  up  information  about  which  wafer  went  to  which  chamber,  where  the  robot  arm  is  at  any  point  in  time,  etc.  all  that
__label__productinspection data  has  to  go  into  a  system  where  it  can  be  harvested  and  analyzed  in  realtime.and  thats  just  from  one  piece  of  equipment.  in  a  fab,  you  have  fleets  of  that  kind  of  equipment,  and  then  you  have  all  sorts  of  other  equipment  and  different  processes.  this  is  a  massive  bigdata  challenge,  and  what  you  really  want  to  start  doing  is  learning  on  that  data.  :  yes,  and  being  predictive.  but  you  have  to  do  this  for  the  whole  fab.  :  thats  the  art  involved  in  the  problem.  youre  integrating  additional  data.  we  can  harvest  every  bit  that  comes  off
__label__productinspection every  tool,  but  then  you  also  want  to  integrate  that  with  every  piece  of  inline  metrology,  inline  defect  inspection  classification,  inline  electrical  test,  all  the  way  down  to  full  functional  test.  so  you  have  all  these  different  data  sources.  the  first  class  of  problem  is  a  big  data  problemgetting  it  all  into  a  structure  and  format  thats  usable  because  we  are  dealing  with  a  massive  amount  of  data  from  a  massive  number  of  sources  with  different  formats.  solving  the  format  problem  doesnt  sound  that  difficult,  but  think  about  a  temperature  sensor  in  a  deposition  tool  versus  a  slurry  ph  monitor
__label__productinspection in  a  slurry  tank  feeding  a  cmp  tool.  its  a  different  type  of  data  sampled  in  a  different  way  using  a  different  set  of  units.  just  putting  that  into  a  format  where  you  can  operate  on  the  data  set  is  a  massive  big  data  problem.  lets  assume  for  a  minute  all  that  data  is  harvestable  and  accessible.  then  you  can  start  basic  machine  learning  in  real  time,  actively  coupling  electrical  test  data  and  metrology  data  back  to  things.  trends  and  patterns  start  emerging,  and  algorithms  can  be  put  in  place  to  guard  against  or  compensate  for  deviation.  :  yes.  trends
__label__productinspection are  emerging,  and  you  fit  an  algorithm  to  those.  theres  a  big  trend  to  move  from  machine  learning  to  real  ai.  and  assuming  we  can  solve  this  big  data  challenge,  the  really  exciting  future  is  going  from  simple  machine  learning,  which  already  is  out  there,  to  the  bigger,  broader,  fully  integrated  data  set  and  getting  deeper  into  ai  where  you  understand  the  objective  of  this  factory  line  from  a  yield,  throughput,  deviceperformance  perspective,  and  you  can  just  learn  all  the  right  signals  to  tune  in  for  the  whole  path.  :  you  can  finetune  pieces  by  looking  at  pieces  of  the
__label__productinspection data,  and  that  has  inherent  value.  we  would  not  have  gotten  to  7nm  without  doing  that  kind  of  work.  there  are  two  challenges  beyond  that.  one  is  putting  the  pieces  of  data  together.  people  dismiss  that  aspect  of  it,  but  its  incredibly  complex.  there  are  some  really  serious  big  data  challenges  in  assembling  all  of  this  data.  and  then,  the  learning  and  the  algorithms  and  the  computational  piece  of  optimization  through  that  data,  thats  where  ai  is  starting  to  drive.  :  it  depends.  you  look  at  certain  pieces  of  equipment  in  the  fab  and  it  retains  data  for  maybe  7
__label__productinspection days.  there  is  certain  data  that  goes  up  to  the  host,  and  then  the  host  decides  how  long  it  wants  to  store  it.  there  is  certain  data  that  stays  on  the  tool,  and  the  tool  can  decide  how  long  it  needs  to  keep  that.  and  there  is  certain  data  you  want  to  prioritize.  you  may  keep  some  data  for  30  days,  some  data  for  7  days,  and  some  you  want  to  expunge  immediately  after  process.  otherwise,  wed  have  data  warehouses  for  each  piece  of  equipment.  but  if  you  really  want  to  get  good  at  this,  maybe  we  need  to  keep
__label__productinspection some  data  longer  and  warehouse  it  in  a  different  way.  :  there  are  two  pieces  to  this.  variation  is  both  a  data  source  and  a  data  influence.  youre  detecting  variation  as  you  go  with  metrology.  but  as  that  variation  hits  the  next  tools,  it  may  cause  sensors  to  record  data  differently  or  actual  processes  to  change.  if  i  put  a  silicon  wafer  into  a  tool  and  run  a  process  i  will  get  different  readings.  if  i  put  a  different  kind  of  wafer  into  that  tool,  im  probably  going  to  get  different  sensor  readings.  the  question  is  whether  incoming,  inherent,  fully
__label__productinspection processed  wafer  differences  will  result  in  different  sensor  data.  as  the  sensors  become  more  advanced  and  the  signals  from  processing  those  wafers  become  more  advanced,  variation  is  going  to  control  the  nature  of  the  data  youre  getting.  :  we  used  to  think  about  designing  for  nominal  and  containing  the  variation  around  it.  you  shoot  for  the  bullseye.  you  design  everything  around  that.  and  you  build  enough  margin  into  your  design  specification,  your  factory,  to  contain  the  expected  variation.  given  the  complexity  and  the  fact  that  the  variation  is  now  on  the  scale  of  the  nominal  dimensions  in  the  first  place,
__label__productinspection you  cant  think  that  way  anymore.  nobody  is  ever  going  to  hit  the  bullseye.  what  we  found  with  some  of  the  work  we  did  years  ago  with  modeling  is  that  you  have  to  design  your  technology,  your  integration,  your  process  flow  and  process  capabilities  from  the  total  allowable  window  of  shippable  goods.  if  you  design  your  process  for  the  window,  you  dont  care  where  the  bullseye  is.  and  the  really  cool  part  is  that  if  you  design  for  the  window,  you  can  get  a  nice  yielding  process  or  flow  where  the  nominal  target  thats  down  the  center  doesnt  need  to
__label__productinspection look  good.  :  its  a  counterintuitive  representation  of  perfection.  if  i  design  properly  for  the  window,  i  dont  care  what  the  center  point  is.  if  i  find  all  possible  variations,  i  can  start  tightening.  but  nominal  becomes  a  concept  that  no  longer  matters.  :  that  happens  every  generation.  theres  new  physics  every  generation,  new  mechanisms,  new  data  and  new  issues  we  never  thought  we  had  to  worry  about.  we  never  had  to  worry  about  gate  leakage  or  poly  depletion.  but  we  got  to  the  point  where  we  needed  to,  we  learned  the  effect,  we  built  it  into  predictive  models,  and
__label__productinspection we  built  an  industry  around  that  technology.  this  is  no  different.  :  it  goes  back  to  the  workload.  there  are  newer  and  novel  workloads  that  have  an  insatiable  demand  on  memory.  those  are  very  specific  applications.  there  are  applications  still  driving  singlethread  cpu  performance  and  others  driving  gpu  core  parallelization.  depending  on  whether  its  cloud  or  iot,  youre  going  to  pick  a  different  configuration  for  that  workload.  ai,  machine  learning,  big  data  are  the  applications  that  are  driving  a  lot  of  the  data  back  and  forth  between  memory  and  the  processor.  weve  made  massive  progress  in  memory  density,  cost  per
__label__productinspection bit  and  memory  scaling.  but  now  we  need  a  pipe  to  get  the  data  in  and  out.  the  demand  for  memory  and  the  technology  in  memory  outpace  the  infrastructure.  :  there  also  are  architectural  decisions.  when  you  think  about  iot,  if  youre  going  to  put  hundreds  of  sensors  in  each  section  of  a  city,  youre  going  to  get  tons  of  data.  if  a  guy  robs  a  bank  and  youre  going  to  follow  him,  one  approach  is  to  pump  all  of  the  hd  video  from  each  of  the  thousands  of  traffic  signal  cameras  to  some  remote  data  center  and  you  start
__label__productinspection processing  that  data  as  hard  as  you  can.  its  a  grossly  inefficient  allocation  of  resources.  but  if  you  put  some  lowlevel  compute  power  in  each  one  of  those  cameras,  you  can  say,  he  turned  right,  look  at  the  camera  one  block  down  that  way.  so  you  put  a  whole  bunch  of  compute  power  at  the  edge  of  the  network  and  now  you  have  a  much  more  efficient  system  architecture.  :  with  this  concept  of  tracking  a  bank  robber  through  a  city,  the  decision  of  how  high  up  you  put  the  decision  power  and  the  compute  power  is  really  important.  :
__label__productinspection yes,  and  now  were  making  detailed  decisions,  such  as  the  best  bus  structure,  to  actually  implement  these  things.  its  not  science  fiction  anymore.  impact  of  deep  learning,  euv  and  other  manufacturing  advancements.  outlier  detection  gaining  attention  as  way  of  improving  test  and  manufacturing  methodologies.  information  technology  adds  big  efficiency  boost  to  industrial  operations.  tags:  note:  this  name  will  be  displayed  publicly  this  will  not  be  displayed  publicly  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  new  architectures,  different  markets  and  more  variables  make  it  increasingly  difficult  to  design  and  verify  lowpower  chips.  seventeen
__label__productinspection startups  took  in  megarounds  of  100  million  or  more  during  october,  with  a  cumulative  total  of  just  over  3.2  billion.  more  nodes  and  alternative  memories  are  in  the  works,  but  schedules  remain  murky.  how  good  are  standard  fpgas  for  ai  purposes,  and  how  different  will  dedicated  fpgabased  devices  be  from  them?  entities,  people  and  technologies  explored  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  a  new  crop  of  memories  in  rd  could  have  a  big  impact  on  future  compute  architectures.  the  new  version  of  the  high  bandwidth  memory  standard  promises  greater  speeds  and
__label__productinspection feeds  and  thats  about  it.  why  intel,  amd,  arm,  and  ibm  are  focusing  on  architectures,  microarchitectures,  and  functional  changes.  marvell  nav  alliance;  drone  bill;  hyundais  35b  plan;  intels  edge  play;  7nm  certifications.  september  was  spectacular  for  startups,  as  27  tech  companies  raised  100  million  or  more,  taking  in  a  total  of  7.1  billion  during  the  month.  ml  will  augment  existing  manufacturing  processes,  but  it  wont  replace  them.  new  approaches  aim  to  drive  down  cost,  boost  benefits  of  heterogeneous  integration.  email:  interests:  systemlevel  design  low  powerhigh  performance  manufacturing,  packaging  materials  test,  measurement  analytics  iot,  security  automotive
__label__productinspection developer  of  highperformance  ai  processors  as  appeared  on  silicon  angle:  specialized  computing  chips  that  can  be  customized  for  modern  workloads  such  as  artificial  intelligence  processing  are  all  the  rage.  now,  a  startup  called  is  joining  in  with  a  new  applicationspecific  integrated  circuit  for  internet  of  things  devices  that  enables  highperformance  and  lowpower  ai  at  the  network  edge.  gti  said  today  its  taking  what  it  calls  an  edgefirst  approach  to  aienabled  iot  deployments  by  shifting  the  processing  work  from  the  data  center  to  the  devices  themselves.  the  idea  is  that  doing  so  eliminates  the  latency  that  results  from  relaying  data  across
__label__productinspection cloud  networks.  its  asics  can  therefore  generate  insights  for  users  faster  and  also  cut  down  on  the  costs  of  transferring  data  to  and  from  the  cloud.  are  integrated  circuits  that  can  be  customized  for  a  particular  use,  as  opposed  to  regular  central  processing  units  that  are  intended  for  generalpurpose  use.  for  example,  an  asic  chip  can  be  designed  specifically  for  powering  ai  workloads  such  as  natural  language  processing.  theyre  also  commonly  used  mining  bitcoin  and  other  cryptocurrencies,  among  other  workloads.  gtis  first  asic,  ,  is  powered  by  the  companys  matrix  processing  engine.  it  enables  ai  processing  in  memory  for  iot
__label__productinspection devices  its  deployed  in.  the  lightspeeur  2801s  is  also  extremely  energyefficient,  enables  a  wide  range  of  use  cases  and  sells  at  a  price  point  thats  10  times  lower  than  similar  competitive  hardware,  the  company  claimed.  in  addition,  the  hardware  is  compatible  with  many  of  the  most  popular  deep  learning  frameworks  used  to  create  ai  software,  including  tensorflow  and  caffe.  popular  applications  include  image  and  video  classification  and  identification,  facial  recognition,  character  identification,  image  enhancement  for  viewing,  manufacturing  defect  detection,  use  with  audio  interfaces,  segmentation  or  images  and  video,  captioning  and  other  implementations  where  edge  ai  can  drive  new  experiences,  convenience
__label__productinspection and  productivity  for  individuals  and  organizations,  gti  cofounder  and  president  frank  lin  told  siliconangle.  gti  reckons  that  its  asics  are  a  breakthrough  for  iot  device  makers  requiring  small  and  inexpensive  processing  power  that  doesnt  compromise  on  performance.  examples  of  such  devices  include  smart  home  locks  and  cameras.  one  big  difference  between  our  offering  and  what  is  commonly  provided  is  the  high  performance  combined  with  low  power  use,  lin  said.  by  having  a  very  compelling  size,  price,  energy  usage  profile  and  high  performance,  there  are  an  extremely  broad  range  of  devices  we  can  help  our  customers  improve  with  our  ai  accelerator.
__label__productinspection the  lightspeeur  2801s  asic  is  available  now.  gti  says  its  already  working  with  more  than  10  customers  to  get  its  chips  in  their  products,  including  the  south  korean  electronics  giants  lg  electronics  inc.  and  samsung  electronics  co.  ltd.  and  japanese  computing  firm  fujitsu  ltd.  1900  mccarthy  blvd.  suite  208  milpitas,  ca  95035  phone:  4089449219  rm  241011  changhong  technology  building,  no.18,  keji  south  12  rd,  nanshan  district,  shenzhen,  guangdong  kyoto  research  park  bldg4  3f  biz  next  93  chudoji  awatacho  shimogyoku  kyoto  6008815  1222  metro  bundang  center  12fl  downtown  bldg.  97  baekhyunro,  bundanggu,  sungnamsi,  gyeonggido,  13595
__label__productinspection search  menu  accountcircle  search  by  specialized  computing  chips  that  can  be  customized  for  modern  workloads  such  as  artificial  intelligence  processing  are  all  the  rage.  now,  a  startup  called  is  joining  in  with  a  new  applicationspecific  integrated  circuit  for  internet  of  things  devices  that  enables  highperformance  and  lowpower  ai  at  the  network  edge.  gti  said  today  its  taking  what  it  calls  an  edgefirst  approach  to  aienabled  iot  deployments  by  shifting  the  processing  work  from  the  data  center  to  the  devices  themselves.  the  idea  is  that  doing  so  eliminates  the  latency  that  results  from  relaying  data  across  cloud  networks.  its  asics  can
__label__productinspection therefore  generate  insights  for  users  faster  and  also  cut  down  on  the  costs  of  transferring  data  to  and  from  the  cloud.  are  integrated  circuits  that  can  be  customized  for  a  particular  use,  as  opposed  to  regular  central  processing  units  that  are  intended  for  generalpurpose  use.  for  example,  an  asic  chip  can  be  designed  specifically  for  powering  ai  workloads  such  as  natural  language  processing.  theyre  also  commonly  used  mining  bitcoin  and  other  cryptocurrencies,  among  other  workloads.  gtis  first  asic,  ,  is  powered  by  the  companys  matrix  processing  engine.  it  enables  ai  processing  in  memory  for  iot  devices  its  deployed  in.  the
__label__productinspection lightspeeur  2801s  is  also  extremely  energyefficient,  enables  a  wide  range  of  use  cases  and  sells  at  a  price  point  thats  10  times  lower  than  similar  competitive  hardware,  the  company  claimed.  in  addition,  the  hardware  is  compatible  with  many  of  the  most  popular  deep  learning  frameworks  used  to  create  ai  software,  including  tensorflow  and  caffe.  popular  applications  include  image  and  video  classification  and  identification,  facial  recognition,  character  identification,  image  enhancement  for  viewing,  manufacturing  defect  detection,  use  with  audio  interfaces,  segmentation  or  images  and  video,  captioning  and  other  implementations  where  edge  ai  can  drive  new  experiences,  convenience  and  productivity  for  individuals  and
__label__productinspection organizations,  gti  cofounder  and  president  frank  lin  told  siliconangle.  gti  reckons  that  its  asics  are  a  breakthrough  for  iot  device  makers  requiring  small  and  inexpensive  processing  power  that  doesnt  compromise  on  performance.  examples  of  such  devices  include  smart  home  locks  and  cameras.  one  big  difference  between  our  offering  and  what  is  commonly  provided  is  the  high  performance  combined  with  low  power  use,  lin  said.  by  having  a  very  compelling  size,  price,  energy  usage  profile  and  high  performance,  there  are  an  extremely  broad  range  of  devices  we  can  help  our  customers  improve  with  our  ai  accelerator.  the  lightspeeur  2801s  asic  is
__label__productinspection available  now.  gti  says  its  already  working  with  more  than  10  customers  to  get  its  chips  in  their  products,  including  the  south  korean  electronics  giants  lg  electronics  inc.  and  samsung  electronics  co.  ltd.  and  japanese  computing  firm  fujitsu  ltd.  show  your  support  for  our  mission  by  our  1click  subscribe  to  our  youtube  channel  below  the  more  subscribers  we  have  the  more  then  youtubes  algorithm  promotes  our  content  to  users  interested  in  enterprisetech.  thank  you.  support  our  mission:  to  our  youtube  channel  uk  retailer  sweaty  betty  reports  customer  data  stolen  in  magecart  attack  bug  bounty  startup  hackerone  suffers  breach  after  analyst
__label__productinspection mistake  iphone  11  pro  shares  location  data  even  when  the  option  has  been  turned  off  cloudbees  debuts  jenkins  x  as  a  service  on  google  cloud  israeli  cybersecurity  startup  panorays  raises  15m  tiktoks  parent  company  taken  to  court  for  collecting  data  on  children  uk  retailer  sweaty  betty  reports  customer  data  stolen  in  magecart  attack  bug  bounty  startup  hackerone  suffers  breach  after  analyst  mistake  iphone  11  pro  shares  location  data  even  when  the  option  has  been  turned  off  cloudbees  debuts  jenkins  x  as  a  service  on  google  cloud  israeli  cybersecurity  startup  panorays  raises  15m  tiktoks  parent  company  taken  to  court  for  collecting
__label__productinspection artificial  intelligence  ai  is  not  a  new  topic  at  all.  in  fact,  the  idea  and  the  name  ai,  already  appeared  in  the  1950s.  people  started  to  develop  computer  programs  to  play  simple  games  like  checkers.  one  milestone  known  to  many  people  was  the  launch  of  the  computer  program  eliza,  built  in  1966  by  joseph  weizenbaum.  the  program  was  able  to  run  a  dialog  in  written  english.  it  created  questions,  the  user  provided  an  answer  and  eliza  continued  with  another  question  related  to  the  response  provided  by  the  user.  figure  1:  example  screenshot  of  the  eliza  terminal  screen  the  main  ai
__label__productinspection technique  are  neural  networks.  neural  networks  have  first  been  used  in  1957  when  frank  rosenblatt  invented  the  perceptron.  todays  neurons  in  neural  networks  are  still  using  a  very  similar  principle.  however,  the  capabilities  of  single  neurons  were  rather  limited.  it  took  until  the  early  70s  before  scientist  realized  that  multiple  layers  of  such  perceptrons  could  overcome  these  limitations.  the  final  breakthrough  on  multilayer  perceptron  was  the  application  of  the  backpropagation  algorithm  to  learn  the  weights  for  multilayer  networks.  an  article  in  nature  in  1986  by  rumelhart  et.  al.  made  backpropagation  mark  the  breakthrough  of  neural  networks.  from  this  moment,  many
__label__productinspection scientists  and  engineers  were  drawn  into  the  neural  network  hype.  in  the  1990  and  early  2000,  the  method  was  applied  to  almost  any  kind  of  problem.  the  number  of  research  publications  around  ai,  and  particularly  neural  networks,  significantly  increased.  nevertheless,  once  all  the  magic  behind  neural  networks  has  been  understood,  it  became  just  one  of  many  other  classification  techniques.  due  to  their  very  demanding  training  efforts,  neural  networks  in  the  second  half  of  the  2000  decade  faced  significantly  reduced  interest.  reinvestigating  neural  networks  with  respect  to  their  operating  principles  caused  the  second  hype,  currently  still  ongoing.  by  having  more  computational
__label__productinspection power  at  hand  and  the  involvement  of  a  large  number  of  people,  google  demonstrated  to  beat  the  best  go  players  with  a  trained  neural  network.  over  the  last  decades,  different  ai  techniques  have  emerged.  in  fact,  it  is  not  black  and  white  whether  a  certain  technique  belongs  to  ai.  many  simple  classification  techniques  like  principle  components  analysis  pca  also  use  training  data.  they  are  not  classified  as  ai  however.  four  very  prominent  techniques  are  outlined  in  the  subsequent  sections.  each  of  them  has  many  variants  and  the  given  overview  in  this  article  does  not  claim  to  be  complete.  fuzzy  logic
__label__productinspection extends  classic  logic  based  on  false/true  or  0/1  by  introducing  states  that  are  in  between  true  and  false,  like  a  little  bit  or  mostly.  based  on  such  fuzzy  attributes  it  is  possible  to  define  rules  for  problems.  for  example,  one  of  the  rules  to  control  a  heater  could  be  the  following:  if  it  is  a  little  bit  cold,  increase  the  water  temperature  a  little  bit.  such  rules  seem  to  express  the  way  humans  think  very  well.  that  is  why  fuzzy  logic  often  is  considered  an  ai  technique.  in  the  real  application,  large  sets  of  such  fuzzy  rules  are  applied  to
__label__productinspection control  problems  for  instance.  fuzzy  logic  provides  algorithms  for  all  the  classical  operators  like  and,  or  and  not  to  work  on  fuzzy  attributes.  with  such  algorithms,  it  is  possible  to  infer  a  decision  out  of  a  set  of  fuzzy  rules.  a  set  of  fuzzy  rules  has  the  advantage  of  being  easily  read,  interpreted  and  maintained  by  humans.  figure  2  illustrates  the  fuzzy  states  of  a  heater  control.  the  states  are  cold,  warm,  and  hot.  as  can  be  seen  in  the  figure,  the  three  states  do  have  some  overlap  and  some  temperatures  belong  to  two  states  at  the  same  time.  in
__label__productinspection fact,  each  temperature  belongs  to  a  certain  state  with  a  defined  probability.  genetic  algorithms  apply  the  basic  principles  of  biological  evolution  to  optimization  problems  in  engineering.  the  principles  of  combination,  mutation  and  selection  are  applied  to  find  an  optimum  set  of  parameters  for  a  high  dimensional  problem.  assuming  a  large  more  than  20  set  of  parameters  with  a  given  fitness  function,  it  is  mathematically  not  possible  to  determine  an  optimum  set  of  parameters  to  maximize  the  fitness  function.  genetic  algorithms  tackle  this  problem  in  the  following  way.  first,  a  population  of  random  parameter  sets  is  generated.  for  each  set  in
__label__productinspection this  population,  the  fitness  function  is  calculated.  then  the  next  generation  is  derived  from  the  previous  generation  by  applying  the  following  principles:  two  selected  sets  of  the  previous  populations  parents  combined  form  all  sets  of  the  next  generation  children.  the  selection  is  random  but  sets  with  a  higher  score  on  the  fitness  function  have  a  higher  probability  of  being  chosen  as  parents  based  on  a  mutation  rate,  random  parameters  of  random  sets  of  the  new  generation  are  modified  by  a  small  percentage  each  set  of  the  next  generation  is  then  evaluated  using  the  fitness  functions.  in  case  one  set  appears
__label__productinspection to  be  good  enough,  the  genetic  algorithm  stops,  otherwise  a  new  generation  is  created  as  described  above.  figure  3  depicts  this  cycle.  it  has  been  shown  that  for  many  highdimensional  optimization  problems  a  genetic  algorithm  is  able  to  find  a  global  optimum,  whereas  conventional  optimization  algorithms  fail,  because  they  were  stuck  in  a  local  optimum.  genetic  programming  takes  genetic  algorithms  a  step  further  by  applying  the  same  principles  to  actual  source  code  of  programs.  the  sets  are  replaced  by  sequences  of  program  code  and  the  fitness  function  is  the  result  of  executing  the  actual  code.  very  often,  the  generated  program
__label__productinspection code  does  not  execute  at  all.  it  has  been  demonstrated  however  that  such  a  procedure  can  indeed  generate  working  source  code  for  problems  like  finding  an  exit  in  a  maze.  neural  networks  mimic  the  behavior  of  human  brains  by  implementing  neurons.  they  take  input  from  many  other  neurons,  and  then  perform  a  weighted  sum.  finally,  the  output  is  limited  to  a  defined  range.  the  impact  of  a  specific  input  depends  on  the  weight  associated  to  this  input.  these  weights  resemble  the  functions  of  synapses  in  the  human  brain  to  a  certain  extent.  the  weights  of  the  connections  are  determined  by
__label__productinspection applying  inputs  and  desired  outputs.  this  again  is  very  similar  to  the  way  humans  teach  their  kids  how  to  determine  the  difference  between  a  dog  and  a  cat.  figure  4:  example  of  a  neural  network  architecture  the  main  components  of  a  neural  network  architecture  are  input  nodes  where  the  input  data  is  applied.  the  second  set  of  components  are  hidden  layers  who  process  the  inputs  through  application  of  weights  to  their  inputs.  the  weighted  inputs  are  then  transferred  to  the  inputs  of  the  next  layer.  finally,  the  outputs  assign  a  certain  weight  to  the  classification  of  the  input  set  as
__label__productinspection a  result.  iot  sensor  solutions  today  are  mostly  only  responsible  for  data  acquisition.  the  rawdata  needs  to  be  extracted  from  the  sensor  and  transmitted  to  another,  more  computationally  capable  device  within  the  network.  depending  on  the  usecase,  this  device  could  be  either  an  embedded  system,  or  a  server  within  the  cloud.  the  receiving  end  collects  the  rawdata  and  performs  preprocessing  in  order  to  present  relevant  results.  frequently  the  rawdata  of  the  iot  device  needs  to  be  processed  using  artificial  intelligence,  as  in  speech  recognition  for  example.  the  amount  of  iot  devices  and  especially  the  demand  for  artificial  intelligence  is  expected
__label__productinspection to  increase  dramatically  over  the  next  years  since  sensor  solutions  become  more  complex.  however,  the  growing  amount  of  connected  iot  devices,  which  rely  on  cloud  solutions  to  compute  meaningful  results,  leads  to  various  problems  in  several  areas.  the  first  issue  is  the  latency  between  acquiring  the  rawdata  and  the  response  with  the  evaluated  information.  it  is  not  possible  to  build  a  real  time  system,  since  the  data  needs  to  be  sent  over  the  network,  processed  on  a  server  and  then  again  interpreted  by  the  local  device.  this  leads  to  the  second  problem,  which  is  the  increasing  network  traffic  and  therefore
__label__productinspection is  reducing  reliability  of  network  connections.  servers  need  to  handle  more  and  more  requests  of  iot  devices  and  thus  could  be  overwhelmed  in  the  future.  a  major  advantage  of  neural  networks  is  their  ability  to  extract  and  store  the  essential  knowledge  of  a  large  set  of  data  in  a  fixed,  typically  much  smaller  set  of  weights.  the  amount  of  data,  which  is  used  to  train  a  neural  network,  can  be  vast.  in  particular,  for  high  dimensional  problems  the  data  set  needs  to  scale  exponentially  to  maintain  a  certain  case  coverage.  the  training  algorithm  extracts  the  features  out  of  the  data,
__label__productinspection which  efficiently  will  classify  unseen  input  data.  as  the  number  of  weights  is  fixed,  the  amount  of  storage  does  not  correlate  to  the  size  of  the  training  data  set.  for  sure,  if  the  network  is  too  small  it  will  not  deliver  good  accuracy,  but  once  a  proper  size  has  been  found  the  amount  of  training  data  does  not  affect  the  size  of  the  network  anymore.  nor  does  it  affect  the  execution  speed  of  the  network.  this  is  another  reason  why  in  iot  applications  a  local  network  can  outperform  a  cloud  solution.  the  cloud  solution  may  of  course  store  vast  amounts
__label__productinspection of  reference  data,  but  then  the  response  time  of  the  cloud  degrades  quickly  with  the  number  of  reference  data  stored  in  the  cloud.  by  definition,  iot  nodes  are  connected  to  a  network,  and  very  likely  to  the  internet.  however,  it  can  be  very  desirable  to  have  a  local  intelligence.  then,  processing  of  raw  data  can  happen  on  the  sensor  or  in  the  iot  node  instead  of  requiring  communication  with  the  network.  the  most  important  reason  for  such  a  strategy  is  the  reduction  of  energy  consumption  of  network  communication  traffic.  major  companies  as  embedded  microprocessor  manufacturers  already  realized,  that  cloudbased  services
__label__productinspection have  to  be  adopted.  one  of  the  consequences  is  the  introduction  of  new  embedded  microprocessor  cores  capable  of  machine  learning  tasks.  in  the  future,  the  trend  of  processing  data  within  the  cloud  will  be  further  shifted  back  to  local  ondevice  processing.  this  allows  more  complex  sensor  solutions,  which  involve  sensor  fusion  or  pattern  recognition.  for  these  applications,  local  intelligence  of  the  iot  device  is  needed.  sensor  solutions  will  become  truly  smart,  as  they  already  deliver  finalized  meaningful  data.  figure  5  represents  this  paradigm  shift  from  cloudbased  solutions,  to  local  intelligence.  figure  5:  comparison  of  cloud  and  local  intelligence  architectures  however,
__label__productinspection computing  elaborate  ai  solutions  within  an  iot  device,  requires  new  solutions  which  meet  power,  speed  and  size  constraints.  in  order  to  archive  this,  the  trend  is  shifting  to  integrated  circuits  optimized  for  machine  learning.  this  type  of  processing  is  commonly  referred  to  as  edge  ai.  in  sensors  for  iot  applications,  which  are  very  frequently  mobile  or  at  least  service  free,  the  most  prominent  constraint  is  power  consumption.  this  leads  to  a  system  design,  which  minimizes  the  amount  of  data  to  be  transferred  via  a  communication  channel  as  sending  and  receiving  data.  in  particular,  in  wireless  mode,  transmission  is  always  very
__label__productinspection expensive  in  terms  of  power  budget.  thus,  the  goal  is  to  process  all  raw  data  locally  and  only  transmit  meaningful  data  to  the  network.  local  processing  neural  networks  are  a  great  option  as  their  power  consumption  can  be  well  controlled.  first,  the  right  architecture  recurrent  versus  nonrecurrent  and  the  right  topology  number  of  layers  and  neurons  per  layer  must  be  chosen.  this  is  far  from  trivial  and  requires  experience  in  the  field.  second,  the  bitresolution  of  the  weights  get  important.  whether  a  standard  float  type  is  used  or  whether  someone  can  find  an  optimized  solution  using  just  4  bits  per
__label__productinspection weight  contributes  significantly  to  memory  size  and  therefore  to  power  consumption.  the  sensor  system,  used  as  a  test  case  for  ai  in  sensors,  is  a  metaloxide  mox  based  gas  sensor.  the  sensor  works  based  on  the  principle  of  a  chemiresistor  .  under  a  certain  possible  set  of  reducing  e.g.  co,  h  ,  ch  and/or  oxidizing  e.g.  o  ,  no  ,  cl  gases  the  detector  layer  is  changing  its  resistivity.  this  can  in  turn  be  detected  via  a  metal  electrode  sitting  underneath  the  detector  layer.  the  main  problem  of  such  a  configuration  is  the  indiscriminate  response  to  all  sorts  of  gases.
__label__productinspection therefore,  the  sensor  is  thermally  cycled  through  a  microhotplate.  this  causes  the  sensor  to  react  with  a  resistance  change  with  a  unique  signature  and  thus  significantly  increases  the  selectivity  of  gas  detection.  another  approach  is  to  combine  different  mox  sensor  layers  to  discriminate  further  between  the  different  gas  types.  a  closed  physical  model  explaining  the  behavior  of  chemiresistors  would  depend  on  too  many  parameters.  a  nonexhaustive  list  of  these  parameters  are  thickness,  grain  size,  porosity,  grain  faceting,  agglomeration,  film  texture,  surface  geometry,  sensor  geometry,  surface  disordering,  bulk  stoichiometry,  grain  network,  active  surface  area,  size  of  necks  of  the  sensor  layer.
__label__productinspection together  with  the  thermal  cycling  profile,  the  model  would  be  too  complex  and  is  currently  simply  not  available.  therefore,  such  systems  form  an  ideal  case  to  apply  modern  ai  methods.  gas  sensing  is  an  especially  potent  application  for  ai.  the  problem,  which  needs  to  be  solved,  is  the  prediction  of  the  concentration  of  gasses  with  the  resistance  of  multiple  mox  pastes  as  the  inputs.  to  solve  the  task,  the  behavior  of  the  mox  pastes  when  exposed  to  various  gasses  with  different  concentrations  has  been  recorded.  from  this  data,  a  dataset  consisting  of  features  the  temporal  resistance  trend  of  each  paste
__label__productinspection and  labels  the  gas  that  was  present  has  been  created.  this  kind  of  data  is  especially  well  suited  for  the  supervised  learning  method.  in  supervised  learning,  the  neural  network  is  given  many  samples,  each  consisting  of  features  and  a  label.  the  network  then  learns  to  associate  features  with  labels  in  an  iterative  learning  process.  it  is  exposed  to  every  sample  multiple  times.  its  prediction  is  nudged  in  the  direction  of  the  correct  label  every  iteration  by  adjusting  its  weights.  a  neural  network  is  defined  by  its  architecture.  the  architecture  is  usually  influenced  by  the  dataset  at  hand.  in  our  case,
__label__productinspection the  dataset  has  a  temporal  structure,  so  a  recurrent  neural  network  is  a  good  fit.  recurrent  neural  networks  process  the  features  in  multiple  steps  and  keep  information  about  previous  steps  in  an  internal  state.  the  architecture  also  has  to  be  adapted  to  the  already  mentioned  iot  constraints.  the  neural  network  should  be  as  small  as  possible  to  minimize  power  consumption.  we  use  one  hidden  layer  with  47  neurons.  the  weights  are  quantized  to  4  bits,  which  further  reduce  power  consumption.  on  top  of  this,  the  network  is  implemented  in  an  analog  circuitry  to  make  it  even  more  efficient.  the  network
__label__productinspection was  first  tested  in  a  pure  software  environment  using  tensorflow  https://www.tensorflow.org/.  this  allowed  rapid  adjustment  of  the  architecture  to  make  sure  it  is  able  to  solve  the  task  properly  before  actually  building  it.  it  is  not  trivial  to  evaluate  a  machine  learning  classifier.  there  are  multiple  ways  to  measure  performance.  one  of  the  most  popular  ones  is  the  receiver  operating  characteristic  roc.  the  roc  is  a  line  with  false  positive  rate  on  one  axis  and  true  positive  rate  on  the  other.  the  area  under  the  curve  auc  of  this  line  should  be  as  high  as  possible.  it  measures  how  well
__label__productinspection the  classifier  can  separate  the  positive  and  negative  samples.  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  o:officedocumentsettingsbr  /  o:relyonvml/o:relyonvmlbr  /  o:allowpng/o:allowpngbr  /  /o:officedocumentsettingsbr  //xmlendif  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  w:worddocumentbr  /  w:viewnormal/w:viewbr  /  w:zoom0/w:zoombr  /  w:trackmoves/w:trackmovesbr  /  w:trackformatting/w:trackformattingbr  /  w:punctuationkerning/w:punctuationkerningbr  /  w:validateagainstschemas/w:validateagainstschemasbr  /  w:saveifxmlinvalidfalse/w:saveifxmlinvalidbr  /  w:ignoremixedcontentfalse/w:ignoremixedcontentbr  /  w:alwaysshowplaceholdertextfalse/w:alwaysshowplaceholdertextbr  /  w:donotpromoteqf/w:donotpromoteqfbr  /  w:lidthemeotherenus/w:lidthemeotherbr  /  w:lidthemeasianxnone/w:lidthemeasianbr  /  w:lidthemecomplexscriptxnone/w:lidthemecomplexscriptbr  /  w:compatibilitybr  /  w:breakwrappedtables/w:breakwrappedtablesbr  /  w:snaptogridincell/w:snaptogridincellbr  /  w:wraptextwithpunct/w:wraptextwithpunctbr  /  w:useasianbreakrules/w:useasianbreakrulesbr  /  w:dontgrowautofit/w:dontgrowautofitbr  /  w:splitpgbreakandparamark/w:splitpgbreakandparamarkbr  /  w:enableopentypekerning/w:enableopentypekerningbr  /  w:dontflipmirrorindents/w:dontflipmirrorindentsbr  /  w:overridetablestylehps/w:overridetablestylehpsbr  /  /w:compatibilitybr  /  m:mathprbr  /  m:mathfont  m:valcambria  math/m:mathfontbr  /  m:brkbin  m:valbefore/m:brkbinbr  /  m:brkbinsub  m:val/m:brkbinsubbr  /  m:smallfrac  m:valoff/m:smallfracbr  /  m:dispdef/m:dispdefbr  /  m:lmargin  m:val0/m:lmarginbr  /  m:rmargin  m:val0/m:rmarginbr  /
__label__productinspection m:defjc  m:valcentergroup/m:defjcbr  /  m:wrapindent  m:val1440/m:wrapindentbr  /  m:intlim  m:valsubsup/m:intlimbr  /  m:narylim  m:valundovr/m:narylimbr  /  /m:mathpr/w:worddocumentbr  //xmlendif  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  w:latentstyles  deflockedstatefalse  defunhidewhenusedfalsebr  /  defsemihiddenfalse  defqformatfalse  defpriority99br  /  latentstylecount375br  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority13  qformattrue  namenormal/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority4  qformattrue  nameheading  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority5  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority6  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading
__label__productinspection 7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue
__label__productinspection nametoc  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefootnote  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameheader/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefooter/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority8  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  namecaption/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  of  figures/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameenvelope  address/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameenvelope  return/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefootnote  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameline  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namepage  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameendnote  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /
__label__productinspection nameendnote  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  of  authorities/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemacro/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametoa  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /
__label__productinspection w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority2  qformattrue  nametitle/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameclosing/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesignature/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority1  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  namedefault  paragraph  font/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr
__label__productinspection /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemessage  header/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority3  qformattrue  namesubtitle/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesalutation/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namedate/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  first  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  first  indent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenote
__label__productinspection heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameblock  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefollowedhyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority22  qformattrue  namestrong/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority20  qformattrue  nameemphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namedocument  map/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameplain  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameemail  signature/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  top  of  form/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  bottom  of  form/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  web/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  acronym/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  address/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  cite/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  code/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  definition/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  keyboard/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  preformatted/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  sample/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  typewriter/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  variable/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  table/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  subject/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameno  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic
__label__productinspection 2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  1/w:lsdexceptionbr
__label__productinspection /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /
__label__productinspection w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  contemporary/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  elegant/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  professional/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  subtle  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  subtle  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameballoon  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  nametable  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  theme/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  nameplaceholder  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority1  qformattrue  nameno  spacing/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading
__label__productinspection 2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2
__label__productinspection accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  namerevision/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority34  qformattruebr  /  namelist  paragraph/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority29  qformattrue  namequote/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority30  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  quote/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent
__label__productinspection 2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid
__label__productinspection 2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium
__label__productinspection list  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64
__label__productinspection namemedium  shading  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent
__label__productinspection 6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority19  qformattruebr  /  namesubtle  emphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority21  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  emphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority31  qformattruebr  /  namesubtle  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority32  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority33  qformattrue  namebook  title/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority37  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  namebibliography/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nametoc  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority41  nameplain  table  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority42  nameplain  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority43  nameplain  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority44  nameplain  table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority45  nameplain  table  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority40  namegrid  table  light/w:lsdexceptionbr
__label__productinspection /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46  namegrid  table  1  light/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51  namegrid  table  6  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52  namegrid  table  7  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent
__label__productinspection 1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table
__label__productinspection 1  light  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent
__label__productinspection 4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7
__label__productinspection colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46  namelist  table  1  light/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist
__label__productinspection table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51  namelist  table  6  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52  namelist  table  7  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br
__label__productinspection /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist
__label__productinspection table  4  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /
__label__productinspection namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48
__label__productinspection namelist  table  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemention/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesmart  hyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehashtag/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameunresolved  mention/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  /w:latentstylesbr  //xmlendif  if  gte  mso  10br  /stylebr  /  /  style  definitions  /br  /  table.msonormaltablebr  /msostylename:table  normal;br  /msotstylerowbandsize:0;br  /msotstylecolbandsize:0;br  /msostylenoshow:yes;br  /msostylepriority:99;br  /msostyleparent:;br  /msopaddingalt:0cm  5.4pt
__label__productinspection 0cm  5.4pt;br  /msoparamargintop:0cm;br  /msoparamarginright:0cm;br  /msoparamarginbottom:3.0pt;br  /msoparamarginleft:0cm;br  /lineheight:120;br  /msopagination:widoworphan;br  /fontsize:10.0pt;br  /fontfamily:calibri,sansserif;br  /msoasciifontfamily:calibri;br  /msoasciithemefont:minorlatin;br  /msohansifontfamily:calibri;br  /msohansithemefont:minorlatin;br  /msobidifontfamily:times  new  roman;br  /msobidithemefont:minorbidi;br  /color:292929;br  /msoansilanguage:enus;br  /msofareastlanguage:enus;br  //stylebr  /endif  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  o:officedocumentsettingsbr  /  o:allowpng/o:allowpngbr  /  /o:officedocumentsettingsbr  //xmlendif  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  w:worddocumentbr  /  w:viewnormal/w:viewbr  /  w:zoom0/w:zoombr  /  w:trackmoves/w:trackmovesbr  /  w:trackformatting/w:trackformattingbr  /  w:punctuationkerning/w:punctuationkerningbr  /  w:validateagainstschemas/w:validateagainstschemasbr  /  w:saveifxmlinvalidfalse/w:saveifxmlinvalidbr  /  w:ignoremixedcontentfalse/w:ignoremixedcontentbr  /  w:alwaysshowplaceholdertextfalse/w:alwaysshowplaceholdertextbr  /  w:donotpromoteqf/w:donotpromoteqfbr  /  w:lidthemeotherengb/w:lidthemeotherbr  /  w:lidthemeasianxnone/w:lidthemeasianbr  /  w:lidthemecomplexscriptxnone/w:lidthemecomplexscriptbr  /  w:compatibilitybr  /  w:breakwrappedtables/w:breakwrappedtablesbr  /  w:snaptogridincell/w:snaptogridincellbr  /  w:wraptextwithpunct/w:wraptextwithpunctbr  /  w:useasianbreakrules/w:useasianbreakrulesbr  /  w:dontgrowautofit/w:dontgrowautofitbr  /  w:splitpgbreakandparamark/w:splitpgbreakandparamarkbr  /  w:enableopentypekerning/w:enableopentypekerningbr  /  w:dontflipmirrorindents/w:dontflipmirrorindentsbr  /  w:overridetablestylehps/w:overridetablestylehpsbr  /  /w:compatibilitybr  /  m:mathprbr  /  m:mathfont  m:valcambria  math/m:mathfontbr  /  m:brkbin  m:valbefore/m:brkbinbr  /  m:brkbinsub  m:val/m:brkbinsubbr
__label__productinspection /  m:smallfrac  m:valoff/m:smallfracbr  /  m:dispdef/m:dispdefbr  /  m:lmargin  m:val0/m:lmarginbr  /  m:rmargin  m:val0/m:rmarginbr  /  m:defjc  m:valcentergroup/m:defjcbr  /  m:wrapindent  m:val1440/m:wrapindentbr  /  m:intlim  m:valsubsup/m:intlimbr  /  m:narylim  m:valundovr/m:narylimbr  /  /m:mathpr/w:worddocumentbr  //xmlendif  if  gte  mso  9xmlbr  /  w:latentstyles  deflockedstatefalse  defunhidewhenusedfalsebr  /  defsemihiddenfalse  defqformatfalse  defpriority99br  /  latentstylecount375br  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority0  qformattrue  namenormal/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority4  qformattrue  nameheading  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority5  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority6  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority7  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue
__label__productinspection qformattrue  nameheading  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority9  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nameheading  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  nametoc  9/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /
__label__productinspection namefootnote  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameheader/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefooter/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameindex  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority8  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  namecaption/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  of  figures/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameenvelope  address/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameenvelope  return/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefootnote  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameline  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namepage  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameendnote  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameendnote  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  of  authorities/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemacro/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametoa  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist
__label__productinspection bullet  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  bullet  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  number  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority2  qformattrue  nametitle/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameclosing/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesignature/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority1  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  namedefault  paragraph  font/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr
__label__productinspection /  namebody  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namelist  continue  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemessage  header/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority3  qformattrue  namesubtitle/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesalutation/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namedate/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  first  indent/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /
__label__productinspection namebody  text  first  indent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenote  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namebody  text  indent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameblock  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namefollowedhyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority22  qformattrue  namestrong/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority20  qformattrue  nameemphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namedocument  map/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameplain
__label__productinspection text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameemail  signature/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  top  of  form/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  bottom  of  form/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  web/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  acronym/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  address/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  cite/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  code/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  definition/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  keyboard/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  preformatted/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml
__label__productinspection sample/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  typewriter/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehtml  variable/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namenormal  table/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameannotation  subject/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameno  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameoutline  list  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  simple  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr
__label__productinspection /  nametable  classic  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  classic  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  colorful  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  columns  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /
__label__productinspection nametable  columns  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  grid  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable
__label__productinspection list  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  7/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  list  8/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  3d  effects  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  contemporary/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  elegant/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable
__label__productinspection professional/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  subtle  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  subtle  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  web  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameballoon  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  nametable  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nametable  theme/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  nameplaceholder  text/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority1  qformattrue  nameno  spacing/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /
__label__productinspection w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63
__label__productinspection namemedium  shading  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  namerevision/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority34  qformattruebr  /  namelist  paragraph/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority29  qformattrue  namequote/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority30  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  quote/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading
__label__productinspection accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69
__label__productinspection namemedium  grid  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /
__label__productinspection w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority60  namelight  shading
__label__productinspection accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority61  namelight  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority62  namelight  grid  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority63  namemedium  shading  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority64  namemedium  shading  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority65  namemedium  list  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority66  namemedium  list  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority67  namemedium  grid  1  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority68  namemedium  grid  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority69  namemedium  grid  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority70  namedark  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority71  namecolorful  shading  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection priority72  namecolorful  list  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority73  namecolorful  grid  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority19  qformattruebr  /  namesubtle  emphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority21  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  emphasis/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority31  qformattruebr  /  namesubtle  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority32  qformattruebr  /  nameintense  reference/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority33  qformattrue  namebook  title/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority37  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  namebibliography/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority39  semihiddentruebr  /  unhidewhenusedtrue  qformattrue  nametoc  heading/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority41  nameplain  table  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority42  nameplain  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority43  nameplain  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority44  nameplain  table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  priority45  nameplain  table  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority40  namegrid  table  light/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46  namegrid  table  1  light/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51  namegrid  table  6  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52  namegrid  table  7  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table
__label__productinspection 4  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid
__label__productinspection table  7  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid
__label__productinspection table  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table
__label__productinspection 6  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namegrid  table  1  light  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namegrid  table  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namegrid  table  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namegrid  table  4  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namegrid  table  5  dark  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namegrid  table  6  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namegrid  table  7  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46  namelist  table  1  light/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2/w:lsdexceptionbr
__label__productinspection /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51  namelist  table  6  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52  namelist  table  7  colorful/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse
__label__productinspection priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  1/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  2/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception
__label__productinspection lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  3/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br
__label__productinspection /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  4/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  5/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority46br  /  namelist  table  1  light  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /
__label__productinspection w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority47  namelist  table  2  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority48  namelist  table  3  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority49  namelist  table  4  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority50  namelist  table  5  dark  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority51br  /  namelist  table  6  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  priority52br  /  namelist  table  7  colorful  accent  6/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namemention/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namesmart  hyperlink/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  namehashtag/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  w:lsdexception  lockedfalse  semihiddentrue  unhidewhenusedtruebr  /  nameunresolved  mention/w:lsdexceptionbr  /  /w:latentstylesbr  //xmlendif  another  interesting  metric  is  the  mean  absolute  error  mae.
__label__productinspection this  section  gives  an  overview  of  possible  future  sensor  solutions.  in  general  it  can  be  assumed,  that  reading  rawdata  from  sensors  will  not  be  sufficient  anymore,  since  the  complexity  and  capability  of  sensors  themselves  is  increasing.  the  rawdata  needs  to  be  heavily  computed  and/or  combined  with  the  raw  data  of  other  sensors  to  deliver  a  meaningful  result.  this  method  is  called  sensor  fusion.  often,  all  sensors  required  for  the  task,  are  already  included  in  one  solution  including  an  embedded  system.  using  ai,  sensor  fusion  can  be  done  much  easier  and  more  accurately  than  with  classical  algorithms.  neural  networks  can  cope
__label__productinspection with  unknown  situations  much  better.  in  addition,  it  can  detect  compensation  techniques  given  the  training  data  and  potentially  increases  the  value  of  the  delivered  result  to  the  customer.  for  our  example,  classical  algorithms  would  require  physics  based  models,  which  are  not  available.  another  example,  where  the  usage  of  ai  is  the  stateoftheart  solution  is  object  recognition  within  a  camera  image.  this  area  has  huge  potential  within  the  sensor  industry.  it  allows  for  small  wirelessly  connected  iot  devices,  which  are  reporting  detected  objects  immediately,  anywhere  throughout  the  building  without  the  need  of  cloud  processing.  this  could  spawn  sophisticated  surveillance  solutions,  presence
__label__productinspection detection  or  even  enable  things  like  smart  fridges,  which  recognize  the  type  of  grocery  inserted  into  it.  in  addition,  facial  recognition  in  embedded  devices  and  smartphones  are  a  trending  topic.  here,  the  facial  recognition  could  be  directly  performed  within  the  iot  device,  creating  a  plugandplay  solution  for  customers.  another  area  are  sensor  hubs,  which  are  iot  devices  collecting  information  of  other  sensors  and  cameras  within  the  network.  using  ai,  these  devices  are  capable  of  identifying  patterns,  routines  and  make  proactive  steps  in  support  of  the  customer.  this  allows  new  applications  within  home  automation,  which  are  currently  not  possible.  typical  iot
__label__productinspection devices  provide  no  protection  against  reverse  engineering.  therefore,  any  data,  which  is  stored  as  a  standard  firmware  on  a  micro  controller  in  a  sensor  node,  must  be  regarded  as  public.  very  often,  the  algorithm  to  infer  meaningful  information  from  sensor  raw  data  is  an  important  asset  of  sensor  providers.  neural  networks  do  not  store  the  data,  which  has  been  used  for  training.  instead,  they  extract  the  relevant  features  of  the  data  and  store  these  features  in  the  set  of  weights.  it  is  just  impossible  to  reverse  this  data  extraction  and  storage  operation.  this  means  even  given  all  the  weights  of
__label__productinspection a  network  it  is  not  impossible  to  derive  even  parts  of  the  original  data,  which  has  been  used  for  training.  this  is  an  important  property  of  neural  networks.  in  particular,  in  the  area  of  biometry  where  training  data  is  always  a  large  set  of  very  personal  data  like  face  images  or  fingerprints.  neural  network  based  systems  can  use  such  data  without  any  problems  of  privacy  and  data  protection  after  the  training  phase  has  been  finalized.  this  article  has  shown  the  increasing  importance  of  ai  within  sensors  in  iot  systems.  the  history  of  ai  and  its  types  was  introduced,  which  lead
__label__productinspection to  the  use  cases  within  sensor  solutions.  it  was  shown,  why  ai  has  a  strong  potential  for  sensor  solutions  in  the  future  and  it  was  demonstrated  using  the  example  of  gas  sensing  applications.  a  prototype  implementation  for  this  example  including  the  results  was  presented.  in  the  end,  possible  future  applications  were  discussed.  the  importance  of  privacy  though  protection  of  the  data  is  very  important  and  cannot  be  ignored  in  future  systems.  shifting  the  intelligence  back  to  the  iot  device  instead  in  the  cloud  allows  for  better  selection  of  data,  which  need  to  be  processed  by  third  parties.  rum  rumelhart,  david
__label__productinspection e.;  hinton,  geoffrey  e.;  williams,  ronald  j.  19861009.  learning  representations  by  backpropagating  errors.  nature  .  323  6088:  533536.  kor  korotcenkov,  ghenadii  handbook  of  gas  sensor  materials  properties,  advantages  and  shortcomings  for  applications  volume  1:  conventional  approaches,  springer  2013,  isbn  9781461471646  silicon  semiconductor  is  an  angel  business  communications  publication.  you  may  choose  to  subscribe  to  the  silicon  semiconductor  magazine,  the  silicon  semiconductor  newsletter,  or  both.  you  may  also  request  additional  information  if  required,  before  submitting  your  application.  please  complete  fields  below.
__label__productinspection as  edge  devices  gain  greater  computing  power  and  machine  learning  becomes  more  mature,  it  becomes  possible  to  infuse  intelligence  into  edge  devices.  this  article  explores  the  impact  that  ai  and  ml  will  have  on  edge  computing.  machine  learning  has  always  revolved  around  data  deriving  patterns  from  the  data,  making  predictions,  taking  decisions  and  performing  actions  without  human  intervention.  typically,  connected  devices  on  the  edge  are  constrained  by  limited  hardware  capabilities  and  their  role  is  restricted  to  gathering  and  transferring  data  from  the  edge.  the  task  of  processing  this  data  and  extracting  insights  takes  place  in  the  cloud.  this  approach  collecting
__label__productinspection the  data  at  the  edge  and  computing  it  in  the  cloud  raises  a  number  of  challenges:  latency,  flexibility  is  compromised,  and  bandwidth  requirements  continue  to  increase  as  a  result  of  the  constant  need  to  stay  connected  with  the  devices.  lets  take  a  closer  look:  round  trip  delay  resulting  from  api  calls  to  the  cloud  remote  server  can  affect  operations  which  require  ondemand  inferences.  for  instance,  security  cameras  working  over  sensitive  regions  like  industrial  centres,  mining  areas  or  border  areas  require  ondemand  inferences  to  trigger  actions.  delay  in  action  can  affect  the  functionality  of  the  system.  in  addition,  the  effective  bandwidth
__label__productinspection is  reduced  when  a  large  number  of  devices  are  employed.  the  security  of  generated  and  transferred  data  is  of  paramount  importance  to  any  organization.  systems  with  centralized  data  storage  have  a  higher  probability  of  ddos  attacks.  processing  data  at  the  edge  devices  helps  to  decentralize  data  storage,  computing  and  less  possibility  of  the  entire  system  to  be  disrupted  because  of  a  single  attack.  over  the  years,  devices  on  the  edge  have  witnessed  a  rise  in  computational  power.  this  has  opened  a  door  for  edge  devices  to  play  a  larger  role  within  the  entire  ,  making  it  more  responsive,  intelligent  and
__label__productinspection compact.  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence  can  harness  the  unused  computation  power  of  the  edge  devices  to  enable  a  variety  of  solutions.  an  that  a  whopping  45  of  iotcreated  data  will  be  stored,  processed,  analyzed  and  acted  upon  close  to,  or  at  the  edge,  of  the  network  by  2019.  adding  ml/ai  to  edge  devices  can  deliver  a  lot  of  benefits.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  solutions  that  become  possible  with  the  combination  of  edge  computing  and  machine  learning.  gesture  recognition,  image  classification,  object  detection,  acoustic  analysis,  and  motion  analysis  can  be  performed  on  edge  devices,  thereby  reducing  the  latency,
__label__productinspection bandwidth  and  security/privacy  issues  in  the  iot  systems.  :  security  cameras,  in  addition  to  recording,  can  perform  facial  recognition.  they  can  differentiate  between  a  family  member  and  an  intruder  to  trigger  specific  actions.  for  instance,  it  can  open  the  door  for  a  family  member  and  sound  an  alarm  for  an  intruder.  affixing  sensors  for  monitoring  of  each  event  increases  the  overall  size  and  complexity  of  the  iot  system.  with  the  help  of  advanced  machine  learning  and  signal  processing  algorithms,  these  sensors  can  be  combined  to  form  synthetic  sensors  capable  of  processing  complex  events.  this  reduces  the  overall  cost,  enhances  the
__label__productinspection quality  of  maintenance  and  improves  energy  efficiency.  :  autonomous  driving  technologies  use  radar,  camera  and  lidar  light  detection  and  ranging  device  to  estimate  the  location,  velocity  and  trajectory  of  various  classes/objects  on  the  road.  it  is  important  to  combine  this  information,  correct  inaccuracies  from  each  device  and  generate  a  probabilistic  state  of  the  classes  objects  around  it.  one  common  algorithm  used  for  this  purpose  is  kalman  filter.  selfimproving  products  are  the  future  of  iot.  onsite  devices  can  be  programmed  to  undergo  continuous  improvements  using  the  data  collected,  upload  the  information  to  the  central  server  and  update  it  with  the  combined
__label__productinspection result.  this  reduces  the  number  of  trials  required  to  fully  configure  the  devices,  which  makes  implementation  faster  and  more  efficient.  :  google  android  mobile  keyboard  gboard  uses  federatedlearning  technique  to  improve  its  suggestion  rate  from  the  information  it  has  stored  in  the  local  devices.  the  trained  prediction  model  in  the  cloud  can  be  shared  with  the  local  devices,  where  it  learns  from  the  test  data  data  captured  by  the  device  via  user  interaction  and  improves  itself.  this  newly  trained  model  is  uploaded  to  the  cloud  as  a  summarized  update,  using  an  encrypted  communication  channel  to  improve  the  overall  shared  model.
__label__productinspection the  number  of  updates  can  be  further  reduced  by  compressing  them  using  random  notations  and  quantization.  transfer  learning,  as  the  name  suggests,  utilizes  the  learning  from  the  first  task  as  a  base  for  the  second  task  related  to  it.  this  method  has  a  vast  scope  of  real  world  application,  given  the  fact  that  enormous  amount  of  data  are  required  for  training  a  learning  model  via  deep  learning  methods.  transfer  learning  is  especially  helpful  when  we  do  not  have  enough  data  to  perform  the  training  of  the  model.  it  uses  the  initial  layer  and  middle  layer  as  a  base  and  training
__label__productinspection is  performed  on  the  latter  layer  leveraging  the  labelled  data.  the  below  diagram  shows  the  benefits  of  this  model.  rtl  to  gdsii,  dft  for  low  power  mobile  soc  partitioning  the  network  layer  and  remodelling  it  offers  flexibility  to  utilize  the  network  for  different  applications,  while  working  on  the  basis  of  previous  models.  pretrained  models  in  the  cloud  can  be  shared  over  a  number  of  local  devices  edge  devices  employing  them  for  a  number  of  tasks,  with  each  device  working  in  parallel.  the  result  is  a  better  functioning  at  the  device  level,  plus  overall  performance  improvement  of  the  entire  ecosystem.  :
__label__productinspection for  autonomous  driving,  vehicles  can  learn  from  the  simulation  data  pretrained  data  to  differentiate  activities  on  the  road  and  take  necessary  actions  in  accordance  to  that.  this  promotes  faster  development  and  accuracy.  launched  jetson  tx2  with  jetpack  3.0  to  enable  serverclass  ai  computer  performance  on  the  edge  devices.  came  up  with  aws  greengrass  to  perform  ml  inferencing  on  the  local  devices.  it  allows  building,  training,  and  testing  the  model  before  deploying  to  the  last  segment  of  the  iot  system.  nvidia  jetson  tx1  and  tx2  and  intel  atom  devices  support  aws  greengrass.  developed  a  hardware  chip  edge  tpu  with  software  stack
__label__productinspection cloud  iot  edge.  it  allows  to  build,  train  and  test  models  in  the  cloud.  these  models  can  be  shared  on  the  iot  edge  devices  supported  by  edge  tpu  hardware  accelerator.  came  up  with  its  class  of  xeon  processors  designed  for  edge  computing  with  low  power  design  and  high  performance,  which  is  well  suited  for  telecommunication  service  providers.  joined  hands  to  develop  devices  with  enough  computation  power  to  perform  realtime  inferencing  along  and  with  ample  security  features  at  the  device  level.  vision  ai  developer  kit  for  iot,  developed  by  einfochips  in  partnership  with  qualcomm  and  microsoft,  combines  the  edge  computing  power
__label__productinspection of  the  qualcomm  vision  intelligence  platform  from  qualcomm  technologies  with  azure  machine  learning  and  azure  iot  edge  services  from  microsoft.  powered  by  qualcomm  artificial  intelligence  ai  engine,  the  kit  enables  ondevice  inferencing  through  integration  with  azure  machine  learning  and  azure  iot  edge.  use  cases  like  visual  defect  detection,  object  recognition,  object  classification,  motion  detection,  etc.  can  be  easily  developed  and  deployed  in  the  vision  ai  developer  kit  using  models  trained  in  microsoft  azure,  allowing  uninterrupted  247  offline  functioning.  the  advanced  camera  processing,  machine  learning  and  computer  vision  software  development  kits  adjoined  with  qualcomm  snapdragon  npe  neural  processing  engine  framework  provide
__label__productinspection analysis,  development  and  debugging  tools  for  different  frameworks,  inducing  tensorflow,  caffe  and  caffe2.  it  provides  the  much  needed  support  for  exploiting  opportunities  in  the  arena  of  security  cameras,  wearable  cameras,  virtual  reality,  robotics  and  smart  displays.  theres  no  doubt  that  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence  will  make  the  edge  more  intelligent  and  pave  the  way  for  nextgen  solutions.  ai  in  the  edge  is  attracting  developers  and  researchers  to  test  their  new  ideas,  develop  models,  customize  them  and  reap  benefits  of  ai  in  their  work.  einfochips  possesses  expertise  in  both  the  areas  and  and  can  help  you  bring  intelligence  to  your
__label__productinspection edge  devices.  to  know  more,  please  .  you  may  use  these  tags  and  attributes:  if  lte  ie  8script  charsetutf8  typetext/javascript  src//js.hsforms.net/forms/v2legacy.js/scriptendif  2019  einfochips  an  arrow  company,  all  rights  reserved.  know  more  about  arrows  and
__label__productinspection oems,  odms  and  ecosystem  players  showcase  innovative  smart  cameras  using  the  qualcomm  vision  intelligence  platform  apr  10,  2019  qualcomm  products  mentioned  within  this  press  release  are  offered  by  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.  and/or  its  subsidiaries.  qualcomm  vision  intelligence  platforms  momentum  altek  anyvision  cisco  meraki  einfochips  hitron  systems  inc.  intellivix  intrinsyc  technologies  corporation  linkflow  liteon  microsoft  corp.  motorola  solutions  pathpartner  technology  pilot  ai  poly  qisda  presice  optics  ricoh  company,  ltd.  security  and  safety  things  a  bosch  start  up  thundercomm  vivotek  about  qualcomm  qualcomm  contacts  pete  lancia  corporate  communications  18588455959  mauricio  lopezhodoyan  investor  relations  18586584813  2019  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.  and/or  its  affiliated  companies.
__label__productinspection references  to  qualcomm  may  mean  qualcomm  incorporated,  or  subsidiaries  or  business  units  within  the  qualcomm  corporate  structure,  as  applicable.  qualcomm  incorporated  includes  qualcomms  licensing  business,  qtl,  and  the  vast  majority  of  its  patent  portfolio.  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.,  a  whollyowned  subsidiary  of  qualcomm  incorporated,  operates,  along  with  its  subsidiaries,  substantially  all  of  qualcomms  engineering,  research  and  development  functions,  and  substantially  all  of  its  products  and  services  businesses.  qualcomm  products  referenced  on  this  page  are  products  of  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.  and/or  its  subsidiaries.  materials  that  are  as  of  a  specific  date,  including  but  not  limited  to  press  releases,  presentations,  blog  posts  and
__label__productinspection mit  researchers  have  fabricated  a  diamondbased  quantum  sensor  on  a  silicon  chip.  the  advance  could  pave  the  way  toward  lowcost,  scalable  hardware  for  quantum  computing,  sensing,  and  communication.  nitrogenvacancy  nv  centers  in  diamonds  are  defects  with  electrons  that  can  be  manipulated  by  light  and  microwaves.  in  response,  they  emit  colored  photons  that  carry  quantum  information  about  surrounding  magnetic  and  electric  fields,  which  can  be  used  for  biosensing,  neuroimaging,  object  detection,  and  other  sensing  applications.  but  traditional  nvbased  quantum  sensors  are  about  the  size  of  a  kitchen  table,  with  expensive,  discrete  components  that  limit  practicality  and  scalability.  the  researchers  found  a
__label__productinspection way  to  integrate  all  those  bulky  components  including  a  microwave  generator,  optical  filter,  and  photodetector  onto  a  millimeterscale  package,  using  traditional  semiconductor  fabrication  techniques.  notably,  the  sensor  operates  at  room  temperature  with  capabilities  for  sensing  the  direction  and  magnitude  of  magnetic  fields.  the  researchers  demonstrated  the  sensors  use  for  magnetometry,  meaning  they  were  able  to  measure  atomicscale  shifts  in  the  frequency  due  to  surrounding  magnetic  fields,  which  could  contain  information  about  the  environment.  with  further  refining,  the  sensor  could  have  a  range  of  applications,  from  mapping  electrical  impulses  in  the  brain  to  detecting  objects,  even  without  a  line  of  sight.
__label__productinspection its  very  difficult  to  block  magnetic  fields,  so  thats  a  huge  advantage  for  quantum  sensors,  said  christopher  foy,  a  graduate  student  in  the  department  of  electrical  engineering  and  computer  science  eecs.  if  theres  a  vehicle  traveling  in,  say,  an  underground  tunnel  below  you,  youd  be  able  to  detect  it  even  if  you  dont  see  it  there.  nv  centers  in  diamonds  occur  where  carbon  atoms  in  two  adjacent  places  in  the  lattice  structure  are  missing  one  atom  is  replaced  by  a  nitrogen  atom,  and  the  other  space  is  an  empty  vacancy.  that  leaves  missing  bonds  in  the  structure,  where  the  electrons
__label__productinspection are  extremely  sensitive  to  tiny  variations  in  electrical,  magnetic,  and  optical  characteristics  in  the  surrounding  environment.  the  nv  center  essentially  functions  as  an  atom,  with  a  nucleus  and  surrounding  electrons.  it  also  has  photoluminescent  properties,  meaning  it  absorbs  and  emits  colored  photons.  sweeping  microwaves  across  the  center  can  make  it  change  states  positive,  neutral,  and  negative  which  in  turn  changes  the  spin  of  its  electrons.  then,  it  emits  different  amounts  of  red  photons,  depending  on  the  spin.  a  technique,  called  optically  detected  magnetic  resonanceodmr,  measures  how  many  photons  are  emitted  by  interacting  with  the  surrounding  magnetic  field.  that  interaction  produces
__label__productinspection further,  quantifiable  information  about  the  field.  for  all  of  that  to  work,  traditional  sensors  require  bulky  components,  including  a  mounted  laser,  power  supply,  microwave  generator,  conductors  to  route  the  light  and  microwaves,  an  optical  filter  and  sensor,  and  a  readout  component.  the  researchers  instead  developed  a  novel  chip  architecture  that  positions  and  stacks  tiny,  inexpensive  components  in  a  certain  way  using  standard  complementary  metaloxidesemiconductor  cmos  technology,  so  they  function  like  those  components.  cmos  technologies  enable  very  complex  3d  structures  on  a  chip,  said  mohamed  ibrahim,  a  graduate  student  in  eecs.  we  can  have  a  complete  system  on  the  chip,  and
__label__productinspection we  only  need  a  piece  of  diamond  and  green  light  source  on  top.  but  that  can  be  a  regular  chipscale  led.  nv  centers  within  a  diamond  slab  are  positioned  in  a  sensing  area  of  the  chip.  a  small  green  pump  laser  excites  the  nv  centers,  while  a  nanowire  placed  close  to  the  nv  centers  generates  sweeping  microwaves  in  response  to  current.  basically,  the  light  and  microwave  work  together  to  make  the  nv  centers  emit  a  different  amount  of  red  photons  with  the  difference  being  the  target  signal  for  readout  in  the  researchers  experiments.  below  the  nv  centers  is  a  photodiode,
__label__productinspection designed  to  eliminate  noise  and  measure  the  photons.  in  between  the  diamond  and  photodiode  is  a  metal  grating  that  acts  as  a  filter  that  absorbs  the  green  laser  photons  while  allowing  the  red  photons  to  reach  the  photodiode.  in  short,  this  enables  an  onchip  odmr  device,  which  measures  resonance  frequency  shifts  with  the  red  photons  that  carry  information  about  the  surrounding  magnetic  field.  but  how  can  one  chip  do  the  work  of  a  large  machine?  a  key  trick  is  simply  moving  the  conducting  wire,  which  produces  the  microwaves,  at  an  optimal  distance  from  the  nv  centers.  even  if  the  chip
__label__productinspection is  very  small,  this  precise  distance  enables  the  wire  current  to  generate  enough  magnetic  field  to  manipulate  the  electrons.  the  tight  integration  and  codesign  of  the  microwave  conducting  wires  and  generation  circuitry  also  help.  in  their  paper,  the  researchers  were  able  to  generate  enough  magnetic  field  to  enable  practical  applications  in  object  detection.  the  researchers  also  described  a  secondgeneration  sensor  that  makes  various  improvements  on  this  design  to  achieve  100fold  greater  sensitivity.  next,  the  researchers  say  they  have  a  roadmap  for  how  to  increase  sensitivity  by  1,000  times.  that  basically  involves  scaling  up  the  chip  to  increase  the  density  of
__label__productinspection the  nv  centers,  which  determines  sensitivity.  mit  researchers  have  fabricated  a  diamondbased  quantum  sensor  on  a  silicon  chip  using  traditional  fabrication  techniques  pictured,  which  could  enable  lowcost  quantum  hardware.  courtesy:  massachusetts  institute  of  technology  if  they  do,  the  sensor  could  be  used  even  in  neuroimaging  applications.  that  means  putting  the  sensor  near  neurons,  where  it  can  detect  the  intensity  and  direction  of  firing  neurons.  that  could  help  researchers  map  connections  between  neurons  and  see  which  neurons  trigger  each  other.  other  future  applications  including  a  gps  replacement  for  vehicles  and  airplanes.  because  the  magnetic  field  on  earth  has  been  mapped  so
__label__productinspection well,  quantum  sensors  can  serve  as  extremely  precise  compasses,  even  in  gpsdenied  environments.  were  only  at  the  beginning  of  what  we  can  accomplish,  said  ruonan  han,  an  associate  professor  in  eecs  and  head  of  the  terahertz  integrated  electronics  group,  which  is  part  of  mits  microsystems  technology  laboratories  mtl.  its  a  long  journey,  but  we  already  have  two  milestones  on  the  track,  with  the  firstand  secondgeneration  sensors.  we  plan  to  go  from  sensing  to  communication  to  computing.  we  know  the  way  forward  and  we  know  how  to  get  there.  i  am  enthusiastic  about  this  quantum  sensor  technology  and  foresee  major  impact
__label__productinspection in  several  fields,  said  ron  walsworth,  a  senior  lecturer  at  harvard  university  whose  group  develops  highresolution  magnetometry  tools  using  nv  centers.  they  have  taken  a  key  step  in  the  integration  of  quantumdiamond  sensors  with  cmos  technology,  including  onchip  microwave  generation  and  delivery,  as  well  as  onchip  filtering  and  detection  of  the  informationcarrying  fluorescent  light  from  the  quantum  defects  in  diamond.the  resulting  unit  is  compact  and  relatively  lowpower.next  steps  will  be  to  further  enhance  the  sensitivity  and  bandwidth  of  the  quantum  diamond  sensor  and  integrate  the  cmosdiamond  sensor  with  wideranging  applications,  including  chemical  analysis,  nmr  spectroscopy,  and  materials  characterization.  massachusetts  institute
__label__productinspection this  is  the  second  in  a  series  of  blogs  on  the  convergence  of  computer  vision  with  the  internet  of  things.  part  two  provides  an  overview  of  edge  processing  or  fog  computing.  when  combined  with  iot,  it  will  enable  some  of  the  revolutionary  advancements  in  computer  vision.  in  subsequent  parts,  we  will  explore  new  frameworks,  best  practices  and  design  methodologies  for  computer  visioniot  convergence.  cloud  computing  is  a  critical  component  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  architecture.  data  collected  from  the  sensors  and  devices  is  transferred  to  a  platform  in  the  cloud.  it  is  then  aggregated,  normalized,  and  processed  according  to
__label__productinspection predefined  rules,  and  acted  upon.  however,  the  cloud  model  is  not  ideal  for  real  time  and  mission  critical  applications.  take  the  example  of  a  high  volume  continuous  manufacturing  process.  once  the  sensors  detect  an  anomaly,  the  system  must  take  corrective  action  immediately,  otherwise  the  defect  will  propagate.  the  time  from  detection  to  correction  must  be  in  seconds.  in  the  case  of  a  selfdriving  car,  the  response  time  must  be  in  milliseconds.  for  these  applications,  the  round  trip  from  device  to  gateway  to  the  cloud  and  back  takes  too  long.  a  different  architecture  is  needed  where  the  data  collection  and  processing
__label__productinspection is  closer  to  the  devices  or  edge.  cloud  based  platform  as  a  service  paas  and  software  as  a  service  saas  technologies  are  commonplace  now,  as  enterprise  applications  have  been  steadily  migrating  out  of  corporate  data  centers.  in  recent  years,  paas  and  saas  are  also  the  major  enabling  models  of  the  iot  market  across  a  wide  range  of  use  cases.  paas  providers  offer  readytouse  platform  services  like  security,  data  storage,  device  management  and  big  data  analysis.  saas  providers  deliver  application  level  services  like  billing,  software  management  and  visualization  tools.  google  iot  core,  microsoft  azure  and  aws  iot  are  examples  of  paas/saas
__label__productinspection platforms.  paas/saas  platforms  are  important  for  the  success  of  many  small  iot  startup  companies.  as  a  result,  iot  product  companies  can  focus  on  perfecting  design,  enhancing  user  experience  and  delivering  better  products  for  their  specific  use  cases.  in  a  pure  cloudcentric  model,  all  raw  data  is  aggregated  and  streamed  to  the  cloud  for  storage  and  processing.  despite  the  advantages,  the  model  has  some  major  drawbacks:  the  drawbacks  of  cloudcentric  design  makes  it  unsuitable  for  the  more  mission  critical  industrial,  healthcare,  and  military  applications.  fog  computing,  sometimes  also  known  as  edge  computing,  is  ideal  in  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  applications.
__label__productinspection the  architecture  uses  local  computing  nodes,  between  the  endpoints  e.g.  sensors,  cameras,  etc  and  cloud  data  centers,  to  gather,  store  and  process  data  instead  of  using  a  remote  cloud  data  center  figure  one.  connected  devices  send  data  and  receive  instructions  to  and  from  a  nearby  node,  usually  installed  on  premises.  the  node  could  be  a  gateway  device,  such  as  a  switch  or  router,  that  has  the  extra  processing  and  storage  capabilities.  it  can  receive,  process  and  react  in  real  time  to  the  incoming  data.  as  the  applications  and  vendors  of  fog  computing  grow,  data  and  interface  compatibility  becomes  an  issue.
__label__productinspection the  lack  of  interoperability  between  products  in  the  industry  will  hinder  the  adoption  of  the  technology.  the  openfog  consortium  was  founded  in  2015.  it  is  backed  by  companies  like  cisco,  arm,  dell  and  microsoft.  they  are  driving  standards  and  best  practices  in  fog  computing  system  design  figure  two.  their  goal  is  to  facilitate  adoption  of  cross  industry  standards  and  frameworks.  in  addition  to  iiot,  consumer  facing  iot  applications  also  become  more  sophisticated  and  mission  critical.  in  the  first  wave  of  consumer  iot  applications,  the  industry  and  consumers  explore  interesting  use  cases  and  hypes.  they  are  often  less  demanding  e.g.  changing
__label__productinspection the  color  of  light  bulbs.  however,  as  the  iot  market  matures,  iot  will  become  the  backbone  of  infrastructures  that  support  important  activities  in  peoples  daily  lives.  the  status  quo  is  not  enough.  reliability  and  realtime  response  will  be  essential.  automated  driving  system  ads  is  one  of  these  examples.  ads  employs  multiple  advanced  technologies,  including  multimodal  sensors,  computer  vision,  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning.  the  system  performs  data  fusion,  image  analysis,  mapping  and  predictions  to  determine  the  best  action  and  controls  for  the  drivetrain.  this  all  needs  to  be  done  reliably  in  milliseconds  without  interruption.  the  data  bandwidth  and  latency  requirements
__label__productinspection mandate  a  powerful  processing  node  in  the  car,  with  builtin  redundancy.  besides  ads,  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  computer  vision  applications  will  also  lead  to  increased  demand  for  fog  computing.  an  intelligent  iot  system  does  not  just  collect  and  analyze  data  for  human  consumption  alone.  it  needs  to  respond  to  situations  without  human  intervention.  to  achieve  that,  it  performs  realtime  ai  inference,  using  data  from  a  large  number  of  sensors.  it  then  sends  commands  to  actuators  in  machines,  drones  or  robots  to  carry  out  actions.  in  an  unsupervised  setting,  the  ai  engine  also  collects  the  realtime  results  to  evaluate  the  next
__label__productinspection actions  to  take.  we  need  a  hybrid  fog/cloud  model,  where  edge  processing  nodes  handle  time  sensitive  computer  vision  and  ai  interference  tasks.  in  addition,  cloud  nodes  handle  nonrealtime  or  soft  realtime  functions  like  software  update,  contextual  information  collection  and  long  term  big  data  analysis.  the  stateoftheart  ai  systems  uses  technologies  like  deep  neural  network  dnn.  most  of  the  best  dnns  have  deep  network  structures  many  layers  of  nonlinear  processing  units  to  achieve  higher  accuracy.  however,  the  implementations  usually  demand  a  high  volume  of  data  movement  and  a  large  number  of  compute  units.  machine  learning  and  ai  researchers  are  turning  to
__label__productinspection graphics  processing  units  gpu  to  handle  these  workloads.  for  many  years,  gpus  were,  and  still  is,  commonplace  in  high  performance  gaming  systems.  since  2007,  nvidia  has  developed  compute  unified  device  architecture  cuda  technology  to  exploit  the  power  of  its  graphics  chips  in  compute  problems  besides  3d  shader  processing.  gpu  by  design  has  high  data  throughput  and  large  number  of  processing  cores.  that  is  very  suitable  for  compute  intensive  problems  like  linear  algebra,  signal  processing  and  machine  learning.  the  cuda  programming  api  allows  research  scientists  in  many  domains,  including  ai  and  machine  learning,  to  more  easily  program  and  leverage  the  power
__label__productinspection of  gpu.  the  availability  and  continuous  improvements  of  gpu  systems  in  the  consumer  market  make  it  possible  for  ai  researchers  to  train  and  validate  designs  in  a  reasonable  amount  of  time  and  budget.  fast  forward  to  the  present,  nvidias  cuda  platform  more  or  less  dominates  the  machine  learning  and  ai  market.  for  many  embedded  or  mobile  systems,  typical  gpus  are  way  too  expensive  and  power  hungry.  in  the  last  few  years,  companies  like  nvidia,  intel,  arm  and  apple  are  putting  a  lot  of  effort  towards  embedded  ai  system  designs.  nvidias  powerful  tegra  processor  with  cuda  technology  is  currently  the  market
__label__productinspection leader.  the  nvidia  jetson  platform  figure  2  is  widely  used  in  smart  drones  and  ads  vehicles.  intel  is  also  actively  investing  in  similar  embedded  ai  technologies,  like  their  recent  acquisition  of  computer  vision  chip  company  movidius.  qualcomm,  mediatek,  huawei,  amd  and  some  startups  are  also  eyeing  the  rapidly  growing  market.  they  are  developing  neural  network  capabilities  into  their  future  system  on  chip  soc.  these  technologies  will  find  their  way  into  market  the  next  few  years.  chip  vendors  are  also  working  closely  with  software  developers  to  optimize  implementations  on  their  processors.  furthermore,  embedded  software  developers  are  also  looking  to  optimize  neural
__label__productinspection network  architectures  that  strike  the  right  balance  between  complexity  and  accuracy  requirements.  the  requirements  are  usually  very  different  for  different  applications  and  use  cases.  one  example  is  face  recognition,  where  the  outofthebox  accuracy  and  realtime  requirements  are  very  different  to  access  control  system  versus  photo  tagging  applications.  the  difference  results  in  orders  of  magnitude  difference  in  processing  requirements,  and  ultimately,  system  cost.  for  the  next  generation  of  intelligent  iot  systems,  fog/cloud  hybrid  architecture  will  be  the  trend.  for  example,  the  major  cloud  service  providers  are  starting  to  develop  and  integrate  fog  computing  into  their  cloud  offerings  .  they  provide  important
__label__productinspection standards,  such  as  those  defined  by  the  openfog  consortium,  and  ecosystems  for  iot  fog  solutions  to  thrive.  in  designing  intelligent  fog  computing  nodes  or  endpoints,  we  will  see  an  increasing  number  of  embedded  processing  platform  choices  in  a  few  years.  moving  forward,  engineers  need  to  employ  domain  specific  algorithms  and  neural  network  designs  to  deliver  products  within  budget  in  short  timetomarket  and  meet  usage  requirements.  we  will  explore  some  of  the  application  domains  in  future  posts.  this  article  was  written  by  .  he  is  the  cofounder  and  ceo  of  ,  and  is  developing  a  platform  that  empower  iot  devices  with
__label__productinspection cognitive  technology.  he  has  over  20  years  of  experience  in  leading  product  developments  in  iot  platforms,  media  processing,  computer  vision,  cloud  software.  frank  is  an  enthusiast  in  computer  vision,  iot,  and  machine  intelligence.  thanks  for  reading  this  post.  if  you  found  this  post  useful,  please  share  it  with  your  network.  please  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  and  be  notifiedof  new  blog  articles  we  will  be  posting.  you  can  also  follow  us  on  strategythings,  or  .  required  fields  are  marked  listed  in  top  100  iot  blogs,  april  2018  begin  mailchimp  signup  form  stay  current  with  our  latest  insights  on  strategy,  innovation  and
__label__productinspection iot.  real  people  should  not  fill  this  in  and  expect  good  things  do  not  remove  this  or  risk  form  bot  signups  end  mcembedsignup  26250  industrial  blvd,  suite  102  hayward  ca  94545  usa  marketing  at  strategyofthings  dot  io
__label__productinspection by  kam  lee,  iot  technical  specialist  at  intel  david  walters,  iot  partner  solutions  architect  at  aws  advances  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  have  made  smart  factories  a  reality  through  the  application  of  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  cloud  computing  technologies  that  improve  machine  operation  and  manufacturing  processes.  to  do  this,  purposebuilt  hardware  at  the  edge  needs  to  interface  with  operational  technology  ot,  which  includes  industrial  machines  and  assets  that  often  speak  their  own  proprietary  fieldbus  protocols.  the  edge  hardware  translates  the  fieldbus  protocols,  processes  that  data,  and  connects  to  amazon  web  services  aws.  in  this  post,  we  will  explore
__label__productinspection how  s  systemsonmodule  som  and  edge  gateways,  powered  by  intels  cyclone  v  fpga,  allow  system  integrators  and  application  builders  to  deliver  awsbased  iiot  solutions  with  faster  timetomarket,  lower  tco,  and  reduced  development  efforts.  is  an  apn  advanced  technology  partner  with  the  .  cloud  computing,  machine  intelligence,  and  internet  ubiquity  have  ushered  in  the  iiot  era,  manifested  through  the  rise  of  smart  factories  and  smart  manufacturing.  there  are  iiot  applications  for  different  use  cases.  some  applications  serve  to  boost  efficiency  and  reduce  operational  expenses,  while  other  applications  target  optimizing  production  processes  and  improving  product  quality.  implementation  of  these  applications  requires  a
__label__productinspection scalable  and  robust  cloud  infrastructure  for  data  aggregation,  storage,  analytics,  and  visualization.  devices  are  required  at  the  edge  to  support  data  collection,  machine  control,  and  cloud  connection.  some  use  cases  involve  execution  of  data  analytics  and  ai  models  directly  on  edge  devices.  in  figure  1  below,  you  can  see  the  use  of  edge  devices  to  acquire  and  process  data  from  motors,  programmable  logic  controller  plc,  and  other  operational  technologies.  the  illustration  shows  a  typical  split  between  ot  and  it,  which  includes  onpremises  network  infrastructure  and  aws.  figure  1  using  edge  devices  to  interface  with  operational  technology.  for  realworld  iiot  implementations,
__label__productinspection cloud  infrastructure  must  meet  the  following  criteria:  aws  infrastructure  is  robust,  secure,  and  highly  elastic.  the  aws  portfolio  of  services  provide  the  building  blocks  for  data  pipelines  to  support  many  different  iiot  use  cases.  many  aws  services  are  suitable  to  process  and  present  machine  data:  for  data  transformation,  amazon  s3  for  storage,  for  database  support,  for  big  data  analytics,  for  data  visualization,  and  for  secure  sharing  of  data.  aws  also  offers  several  iotspecific  services  that  enable  and  simplify  endtoend  implementation.  broadly  speaking,  there  are  two  types  of  iiot  edge  devices:  field  gateway  fgw  and  industrial  pc  ipc.  a  field  gateway
__label__productinspection acquires  data  from  operational  technology  endpoints  and  routes  this  data  to  aws.  the  fgw  must  accept  command  and  control  messages  from  aws  and  route  these  messages  to  the  endpoint.  the  ot  endpoints  can  be  sensors,  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs,  and  other  controllers  of  machinery.  communication  with  these  endpoints  often  takes  place  over  a  fieldbus.  the  fgw  has  to  support  the  specific  protocol  e.g.  handshake  scheme,  message  format,  data  rate  the  fieldbus  operates  with.  there  are  a  large  number  of  fieldbus  types  that  can  be  used  on  factory  floors,  each  with  its  own  protocol.  examples  are  ethercat,  profinet,  ethernet  ip,  modbus
__label__productinspection tcp,  profibus  dp,  can  open,  modbus  rtu,  to  name  a  few.  an  industrial  pc  performs  everything  that  a  field  gateway  does,  plus  more.  an  ipc  can  also  support  advanced  workloads  at  the  edge,  such  as  data  analytics  and  ai  inference  based  on  deep  learning  algorithms.  supporting  timesensitive  networking  tsn  is  a  common  requirement  for  both  types  of  edge  devices.  tsn  enables  deterministic  latency  in  local  area  network  communication.  with  tsn,  the  edge  device  can  cooperate  with  other  devices  on  the  network  to  perform  realtime  tasks.  for  example,  an  ipc  can  be  used  to  synchronize  multiple  robot  arms  on  a  tsn,
__label__productinspection ensuring  timely  delivery  of  control  messages  from  the  ipc  to  the  robot  arms.  for  use  in  industrial  environments,  edge  devices  must  be  able  to  operate  24/7  over  a  wide  range  of  temperatures.  fgws,  in  particular,  are  often  required  to  fit  into  tight  spaces  around  machinery,  and  typical  requirements  include  a  compact  form  factor.  edge  devices  can  be  built  with  systemonmodules  soms  that  provide  all  of  the  required  compute  power  and  interfaces  on  a  single  module.  soms  come  in  an  ultracompact  singleboard  computer  form  factor  that  meets  the  requirements  of  most  iiot  devices.  original  equipment  manufacturers  oems  can  build  fgws  and
__label__productinspection ipcs  using  soms,  and  only  need  to  focus  on  integrating  additional  peripherals,  such  as  wireless  connectivity  or  physical  connectors  for  fieldbus  protocols.  exor  international  builds  industrialgrade  som  products  targeting  iiot  use  cases.  the  exor  us05  microsom  fulfills  all  system  requirements  for  aws  iot  greengrass.  in  the  table  below,  you  can  see  the  hardware  specification  for  the  us05  som.  figure  2  characteristics  of  exors  us05  som  based  on  intel  cyclone  v  fpga.  the  us05  microsom  is  a  lowpower  platform  based  on  the  ,  which  is  made  up  of  a  fpga  fabric  and  an  armbased  host  processor.  it  supports  several  types  of
__label__productinspection interfaces  along  with  two  ethernet  ports  and  a  tsn  switch.  capable  of  high  data  rate  operation,  the  fpga  fabric  can  be  configured  to  support  fieldbus  connections  via  one  or  more  interfaces.  the  host  processor  is  used  for  fieldbus  protocol  processing  using  exors  software  that  has  support  for  200  fieldbus  protocols.  the  us05  is  ideal  for  use  in  field  gateways  to  connect  industrial  endpoints  to  the  cloud.  the  exware  707t  gateway,  powered  by  the  us05  microsom,  is  aws  iot  greengrassqualified  and  listed  in  the  .  the  gateway  integrates  all  of  the  benefits  of  the  us05  microsom  with  ethernet  ports,  expansion  ports,
__label__productinspection and  storage  in  an  industrial  housing  that  can  be  deployed  as  a  standalone  field  gateway  in  an  industrial  environment.  aws  iot  greengrassqualified  hardware  has  been  tested  and  proven  to  integrate  all  of  the  necessary  software  and  hardware  requirements  to  use  aws  iot  greengrass  and  connect  to  aws.  in  this  section,  well  examine  how  the  exware  707t  gateway  with  aws  iot  greengrass  can  collect  data  to  capture  the  state  of  an  industrial  asset.  based  on  the  health  state  of  the  asset,  a  maintenance  engineer  can  monitor  the  asset  or  be  alerted  of  required  maintenance.  motor  failure  is  a  common  cause  of
__label__productinspection downtime  on  production  lines.  the  vibration  characteristics  of  the  motor  during  operation  can  tell  us  the  health  of  the  motor.  untimely  failures  may  be  prevented  via  proactive  servicing  guided  by  continuous  monitoring  and  assessment  of  motor  vibrations.  an  endtoend  implementation  of  a  motor  condition  monitoring  based  on  this  concept  is  illustrated  in  figure  3  below.  it  makes  use  of  the  exware  707t  gateway  to  connect  to  vibration  sensors  mounted  on  the  motors.  figure  3  aws  condition  monitoring  reference  architecture  with  exware  707  edge  gateway.  on  aws,  frequency  data  arriving  at  is  routed  to  an  aws  iot  analytics  pipeline  with  an
__label__productinspection iot  rule.  aws  iot  analytics  cleans,  transforms,  and  stores  the  data.  timeseries  analysis  is  periodically  invoked  on  the  dataset  to  detect  anomalies  and  results  are  displayed  to  a  maintenance  technician  in  amazon  quicksight.  the  data  is  also  sent  to  ,  where  a  complex  event  processing  engine  determines  if  the  motor  is  operating  normally.  in  the  event  that  maintenance  on  the  motor  is  needed,  an  aws  lambda  function  is  triggered  to  alert  the  maintenance  technician  with  an  sns  notification.  in  the  next  illustration,  you  will  see  the  software  and  hardware  architecture  of  the  exware  707t  gateway  itself.  figure  4  demonstrates  how
__label__productinspection data  is  collected,  processed,  and  transformed  by  the  exware  707t  gateway  with  aws  iot  greengrass  and  jmobile  software  installed.  figure  4  exware  707t  hardware  and  software  architecture.  communication  between  the  gateway  and  vibration  sensor  happens  over  canbus,  one  of  the  protocols  supported  by  exors  jmobile  software.  the  gateway  executes  a  lambda  function  in  aws  iot  greengrass  to  continuously  process  vibration  data  received  from  the  sensor  by  interfacing  with  the  jmobile  software  apis.  it  computes  the  frequency  spectrum  of  the  vibrations  using  fast  fourier  transform,  and  sends  this  frequency  data  to  aws  iot.  industrial  iot  iiot  solutions  on  aws  are  harnessing
__label__productinspection edge  intelligence  along  with  cloud  computing  to  derive  value  from  operational  technology.  aws  iot  services  such  as  aws  iot  analytics  allow  you  to  create  data  pipelines  using  data  collected  from  edge  devices  to  gain  insights  such  as  machine  health.  aws  depends  on  apn  partners  such  as  intel  and  exor  international  to  create  edge  solutions  that  can  collect  this  data,  perform  edge  processing,  and  move  this  data  to  aws  iot  core.  the  exware707t  gateway,  powered  by  the  us05  microsom,  can  connect  to  over  200  different  fieldbus  protocols  to  interface  with  ot  and  industrial  machinery  by  using  the  exor  jmobile  software.  together
__label__productinspection with  aws  iot  greengrass,  the  gateway  provides  a  complete  intelligent  field  gateway  solution  with  connection  to  aws  iot  core.  learn  more  about  the  ,  and  check  out  the  exware707t  gateway  on  the  .  for  further  ideas  on  how  aws  services  can  be  used  for  iiot,  see  the  case  studies  on  the  .  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__productinspection we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  conference  paper?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  conference  paper  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__productinspection brought  to  you  by  currently,  there  is  an  increasing  number  of  patients  that  are  treated  inhome,  mainly  in  countries  such  as  japan,  usa  and  europe.  as  well  as  this,  the  number  of  elderly  people  has  increased  significantly  in  the  last  15  years  and  these  people  are  often  treated  inhome  and  at  times  enter  into  a  critical  situation  that  may  require  help  e.g.  when  facing  an  accident,  or  becoming  depressed.  advances  in  ubiquitous  computing  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  have  provided  efficient  and  cheap  equipments  that  include  wireless  communication  and  cameras,  such  as  smartphones  or  embedded  devices  like  raspberry  pi.
__label__productinspection embedded  computing  enables  the  deployment  of  health  smart  homes  hsh  that  can  enhance  inhome  medical  treatment.  the  use  of  camera  and  image  processing  on  iot  is  still  an  application  that  has  not  been  fully  explored  in  the  literature,  especially  in  the  context  of  hsh.  although  use  of  images  has  been  widely  exploited  to  address  issues  such  as  safety  and  surveillance  in  the  house,  they  have  been  little  employed  to  assist  patients  and/or  elderly  people  as  part  of  the  homecare  systems.  in  our  view,  these  images  can  help  nurses  or  caregivers  to  assist  patients  in  need  of  timely  help,  and  the
__label__productinspection implementation  of  this  application  can  be  extremely  easy  and  cheap  when  aided  by  iot  technologies.  this  article  discusses  the  use  of  patient  images  and  emotional  detection  to  assist  patients  and  elderly  people  within  an  inhome  healthcare  context.  we  also  discuss  the  existing  literature  and  show  that  most  of  the  studies  in  this  area  do  not  make  use  of  images  for  the  purpose  of  monitoring  patients.  in  addition,  there  are  few  studies  that  take  into  account  the  patients  emotional  state,  which  is  crucial  for  them  to  be  able  to  recover  from  a  disease.  finally,  we  outline  our  prototype  which  runs  on
__label__productinspection multiple  computing  platforms  and  show  results  that  demonstrate  the  feasibility  of  our  approach.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__productinspection track  and  monitor  your  remote  patient  health  applications  healthcare  providers  with  patients  outside  of  a  healthcare  facility,  like  a  hospital,  need  a  trusted  way  to  receive  data  on  the  patients  status  from  healthcare  monitoring  devices.  the  healthcare  provider  must  also  know  the  deployed  monitoring  devices  are  up  and  running,  as  a  technical  problem  could  directly  impact  the  patients  care.  remote  patient  health  monitoring  solutions  enable  healthcare  providers  to  remotely  monitor  the  status  of  a  connected  sensor,  so  the  system  can  monitor  the  health  of  the  patient.  dynatrace  provides  cloudnative  monitoring  for  connected  devices.  healthcare  providers  can  start  monitoring  their  full
__label__productinspection iot  stack  with  no  manual  configuration  in  under  five  minutes.  with  its  realuser  monitoring,  dynatrace  also  delivers  information  for  the  userfacing  side  of  an  iot  environment.  dynatrace  provides  several  apis  to  import  data  from  other  sources  so  that  its  ai  can  consider  all  relevant  data,  and  that  customers  can  find  all  information  in  one  place.  for  a  connected  healthcare  solution,  the  patient  monitoring  system  collects  and  analyzes  the  data  and  provides  it  to  the  patientas  well  as  individuals  with  access  privileges,  such  as  doctors  or  select  relativesvia  the  aws  cloud  and  an  application  interface.  heres  how  dynatrace  works  for  connected
__label__productinspection healthcare:  aws  customers  who  are  easily  and  securely  connecting  devices  to  the  cloud  aws  marketplace  is  a  digital  catalog  with  thousands  of  software  listings  from  independent  software  vendors  that  make  it  easy  to  find,  test,  buy,  and  deploy  software  that  runs  on  aws.  smart  home  and  city:  device  operation  management  locate,  monitor,  and  manage  connected  devices  at  scale.  smart  home  and  city:  monitoring  and  response  automation  autocreate  work  orders  and  dispatch  crews  with  smart  monitoring  of  connected  city  assets.  smart  home  and  city:  accelerated  iot  development  accelerate  and  optimize  the  development,  deployment,  and  operation  of  smart  home  and  smart  city
__label__productinspection iot  solutions.  smart  home  and  city:  data  visualization  visualize  data  from  your  transportation  fleet  so  you  can  act  to  maintain  performance.  industrial  iot:  remote  management  and  monitoring  remotely  track,  monitor,  and  manage  your  industrial  device  fleets.  industrial  iot:  worker  safety  and  productivity  track  data  relating  to  human  movement,  location,  and  environment,  so  you  can  prioritize  areas  of  focus  for  safety  and  productivity.  industrial  iot:  predictive  maintenance  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  so  you  can  identify  potential  breakdowns.  have  questions?  have  tips?  were  here  to  help  you  get  started  with  aws  marketplace.  ask  for  or  give  advice
__label__productinspection refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  it  is  hard  to  overestimate  the  place  of  iot  in  healthcare  these  days.  smart  devices,  wearables,  and  the  overall  level  of  connectivity  and  innovations  in  modern  medical  equipment  have  changed  the  industry  forever.  and  definitely  for  the  better.  in  this  piece,  youll  find  a  comprehensive  answer  to  the  majority  of  questions  you  can  have  about  the  state  of  iot  in  healthcare  in  2019.  to  say  that  modern  medicine  is  striving  would  be  a  moderate  expression.  the  progress  accelerates  every  day  without  any  remorse,
__label__productinspection transforming  all  known  medical  practices.  global  healthcare  evolves  based  on  the  latest  achievements  of  the  planets  greatest  minds  and  amazing  prospects  of  autonomous,  selflearning  tech  solutions.  along  with  such  rapid  development,  however,  comes  a  strict  necessity  to  keep  up  with  the  pace.  the  good  thing  is  that  all  medical  fields  are  either  looking  to  or  already  go  hand  in  hand  with  advanced  technologies  from  diagnostics  to  therapeutics,  from  pediatrics  to  complex  surgery.  technologies  are  numerous  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  you  name  it.  but  what  particular  tech  concept  or  combination  of  concepts  can  provide  sufficient  monitoring  and  managing  powers  such  an
__label__productinspection evergrowing,  global  niche  requires?  the  answer  may  be  found  in  the  internet  of  things  or  iot.  despite  the  concepts  relatively  young  age,  its  already  become  closely  entangled  with  healthcare.  so  much  that  its  commonly  coined  as  the  internet  of  medical  things.  extensive  centralization  and  interconnection  capacities  the  iot  tech  provides  are  difficult  to  overestimate.  it  brings  health  monitoring,  remote  treatment,  hospital  physical  and  digital  infrastructure  organization  to  a  whole  new  level.  but  lets  ponder  on  iot  powers  in  healthcare  in  a  bit  more  detail.  the  internet  of  things  allows  setting  up  a  centralized  network  of  interconnected  devices  that  can  generate
__label__productinspection and  exchange  data  within  a  single  framework.  all  that  data  can  also  be  tracked  and  gathered  in  real  time,  which  provides  a  passive  accumulation  of  analytics  materials.  in  terms  of  enhancement  for  medical  facilities,  this  means  that  a  regular  hospital  can  be  turned  into  a  smart  hospital.  it  is  an  advanced  facility  where  everything  is  tracked  and  managed  simultaneously  while  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  centralized  database.  such  tech  features  open  a  myriad  of  possibilities  to  improve  the  convenience,  efficiency,  and  even  budgetsaving  options  of  modern  hospitals.  the  advantages  of  iot  applications  in  healthcare  dont  end  there.  the
__label__productinspection technology  has  a  very  diverse  field  of  application  in  medicine.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  major  implementations.  in  2018,  nhs  england  an  executive  nondepartmental  public  body  of  the  department  of  health  and  social  care  that  its  willing  to  support  a  remote  diabetes  treatment  solution.  the  statement  was  made  on  world  diabetes  day  2018.  the  solution  is  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm.  a  device  that  is  the  size  of  a  penny  which  monitors  blood  glucose  level  nonstop  after  its  inserted  in  a  patients  arm.  the  monitoring  data  can  be  easily  accessed  via  your  android  or  ios  device.  massmarket  instances  of
__label__productinspection such  products  are  and  .  such  smart  health  monitoring  devices  bring  huge  value  to  the  research  and  treatment  of  diabetics.  the  eversense  continuous  glucose  monitoring  sensor  can  be  implanted  in  the  patients  arm  and  lasts  up  to  90  days.  and  in  many  other  cases,  remote  capabilities  also  called  telehealth  may  make  the  need  to  visit  your  local  hospital  practically  obsolete.  an  excellent  resolution  for  patients  suffering  from  mobility  issues.  going  deeper  into  the  remote  subject,  the  iot  network  can  connect  and  track  practically  any  sensor  inserted  into  a  human  body  for  medical  purposes.  this  will  help  prevent  cardiac  arrests  from
__label__productinspection infobionic,  all  sorts  of  seizures,  and  provide  medical  help  for  critical  patients  just  in  time.  infobionics  wearable  cardinal  tracker  streams  ecg  and  motion  data  to  the  doctor  in  real  time.  the  world  health  organization  in  2003  to  find  out  that  about  50  percent  of  prescribed  medicines  arent  taken  the  right  way  or  completely  ignored.  a  prominent  example  of  resolving  this  issue  is  the  ingestible  sensors  solution  developed  by  proteus.  these  tiny  sensors  take  place  of  a  prescription  and  send  a  signal  a  receiving  device  upon  dissolution  in  the  stomach.  an  amazing  advanced  creation,  smart  pills  will  surely  help  reduce  the
__label__productinspection rates  of  incorrect,  senseless  consumption  of  highly  important  medical  prescriptions.  now,  this  is  what  one  can  call  a  truly  advanced  drug  management.  while  being  an  advanced  piece  of  medical  technology,  porteus  smart  pills  have  the  same  tiny  size  as  the  actual  pills.  there  are  also  smart  pills  that  feature  tiny  cameras,  which  allow  conveniently  visualizing  the  inside  environment  of  ones  organism.  from  medtronic  is  one  example.  also  called  ,  its  the  way  of  watching  and  taking  care  of  ones  health  via  mobile  can  be  a  true  lifesaver  for  modern  patients,  practically  all  of  whom  use  smartphones  regularly.  mobile  health  is
__label__productinspection an  emerging  field  that  contributes  heavily  to  both  critical  medical  situations  and  regular  treatment  instances.  as  weve  already  mentioned  in  the  remote  patient  monitoring  section,  mobile  apps  can  serve  as  the  management  means  for  health  tracking  devices.  in  the  image  above,  this  is  only  a  small  portion  of  startups  who  are  trying  to  gain  market  share  with  their  mobile  app.  source:  such  apps  can  be  used  as  your  fullblown  healthcare  hub  where  you  can  access  valuable  medical  info,  analyze  your  organism  behavior  trends,  manage  other  bodyinserted  iot  sensors,  and  contact  your  doctor  with  a  single  tap.  this  is  an  especially
__label__productinspection valuable  solution  for  underdeveloped  countries  of  the  world  where  people  cant  afford  regular  visits  to  hospitals  yet,  most  probably,  have  smartphones.  and  governments,  in  turn,  get  a  capability  to  see  how  the  population  is  doing  in  terms  of  health,  accumulating  massive  statistics.  there  are  many  apps  already  available  on  the  market,  ranging  in  functionality  and  purpose:  the  list  may  go  on.  you  can  check  it  all  out  yourself  on  your  oscompatible  mobile  application  market.  the  dissatisfaction  with  flawed,  difficulttomanage  hospital  infrastructures  is  a  common  issue  of  a  vast  majority  of  the  planets  countries  even  the  developed  ones.  colossal  loads  of
__label__productinspection paperwork,  long  and  frustrating  lines,  and  working  overload  most  nurses  and  doctors  experience  this  is  where  the  problem  stems.  practically  all  such  situations  can  be  turned  around  with  the  integration  of  iot  solutions.  huge,  cumbersome  paper  registers  can  be  replaced  with  an  automated,  centralized  database,  which  can  be  additionally  enhanced  in  terms  of  reliability  with  blockchain  and  smart  contracts;  a  single  management  system  can  receive  submissions,  help  optimally  control  queues,  and  track  staff  members  via  their  smartphones;  all  the  equipment  can  also  be  remotely  monitored  and  managed  e.g.,  shut  down  in  unprecedented  cases.  such  innovations  can  help  greatly  reduce  inhouse
__label__productinspection costs  for  hospitals,  preserve  forests,  and  make  both  patients  and  medical  staffs  lives  easier.  the  overall  productivity  will  also  increase  due  to  the  automated  smart  solutions  capability  to  immediately  recognize  health  issues  which  would  otherwise  take  months  of  live  doctor  diagnostics.  with  iotpowered  wearables,  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  mobile  opportunities,  battling  chronic  diseases  become  more  efficient  and  accessible.  the  thing  is,  recurring  health  issues  must  be  monitored  and  analyzed  over  long  periods  of  time.  that  way,  trends  in  the  disease  fluctuations  can  be  defined  and  juxtaposed  in  order  to  be  most  efficiently  treated.  all  that  tech  allows  doing  just  that,
__label__productinspection with  many  additional  capabilities  provided  by  the  integration  of  blockchain  and  ai  on  top  of  that.  this  is  very  important  when  it  comes  to  health  issues  as  difficult  to  understand  and  underexplored  as  the  chronic  ones.  as  much  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  seems  to  be  revolutionary  and  highlyefficient,  there  are  still  some  major  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare  this  tech  concept  must  overcome  down  the  road.  with  large,  gamechanging  integrations  such  as  this  one,  there  comes  along  a  myriad  of  technical  difficulties  and  adaptation  issues.  the  main  include:  considering  the  abovementioned  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare,  there  are,
__label__productinspection indeed,  downsides  as  well  as  benefits  when  it  comes  to  the  medical  iot.  the  allconsuming  connection  of  health  devices  and  data  centralization  brings  many  significant  benefits  to  the  table,  such  as:  alternatively,  some  downsides  that  come  along  with  the  massive  implementation  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include:  in  2019,  there  can  be  defined  several  iomt  trends  implemented  by  majorities  of  startups  worldwide.  fullblown  smart  hospitals  by  2020,  mhealth  as  a  regular,  common  thing  on  a  global  scale,  and  reduced  physical  visits  to  hospitals  this  is  only  an  approximate  picture  of  the  iomt  success.  with  that  being  said,  as  young  as
__label__productinspection the  concept  is,  it  isnt  really  regarded  to  be  that  novel  by  progressive  hospitals  of  the  now.  most  of  them  are  either  implementing  major  iot  techniques  and  capabilities  or  already  have  enhanced  parts  that  are  in  their  calibration  stage.  it  is  estimated  that  the  install  base  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  be  more  than  161  million  units  by  the  end  of  2020.  source:  business  insider  according  to  some  ,  almost  90  percent  of  healthcare  establishments  and  organization  worldwide  will  be  employing  the  iot  as  a  regular  inhouse  tool  by  the  end  of  2019.  so,  the  now  of  the  healthcare
__label__productinspection iot  is  pretty  vivid,  with  its  future  looking  even  brighter.  let  us  emphasize  once  more  that  the  iot  can  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  in  the  field  as  important  on  the  global  scale  as  healthcare.  there  are  still  many  difficulties,  peculiarities,  and  technological  obstacles  to  overcome.  and  even  though  there  are,  currently,  downsides  as  well  as  advantages  to  the  concept,  things  seem  to  go  very  well  for  this  technological  innovation.  we  are  pretty  confident  that  if  you  ask  most  medical  professionals  about  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  they  will  say  that  full  iomt  integration  and  adaptation  is  the  only
__label__productinspection logical  way  of  development  for  advanced  medicine  of  the  future.  with  that  being  said,  enjoy  the  lifesaving,  healthimproving  fruits  of  the  massive  technological  progress.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__productinspection environmental  health  and  safety  experts  may  be  aware  of  the  technologies  that  shape  their  work  today,  but  what  about  the  technologies  that  are  in  development  now?  technology  has  caught  up  with  the  intricacies  of  manufacturing  and  is  becoming  standard  practice  within  the  industry.  cloud  computing  has  become  the  norm  making  the  job  of  ehs  managers  easier.  however,  ehs  technology  is  already  looking  forward:  on  the  horizon  is  the  a  fertile  ground  for  new  innovations,  especially  for  health  and  safety.  sensors  and  detection  methods  aimed  at  securing  dangerous  work  areas  show  the  importance  of  these  capabilities.  iot  innovations  in  hs  are
__label__productinspection found  to  be  safer,  less  costly,  and  more  productive  than  human  or  physical  barriers  on  site.  iot  is  the  interconnection  of  physical  devices  and  everyday  objects  with  the  internet.  specifically,  its  a  principle  focused  on  smart  devices  that  communicate  and  collect  data  from  the  physical  environment  in  order  to  measure  or  assist  in  making  decisions.  in  the  ehs  industry,  iot  innovations  include  the  convergence  of  common  ehs  technologies  like  real  time  analytics  and  automation  with  and  sensor  technology  applications  to  improve  operations  and  compliance.  a  commonplace  example  would  be  continuous  emissions  monitoring  tools  which  are  hooked  up  to  an  ehs
__label__productinspection database  via  api  integration.  however,  that  example  is  when  it  comes  to  the  types  of  advanced  innovation  made  possible  with  iot  technology.  the  promise  of  iot  is  to  move  the  ehs  industry  beyond  simply  to  using  an  organizations  data  collected  in  real  time  from  their  equipment  and  physical  environment  to  render  predictive  analytics  and  smart  decision  making.  innovations  in  iot  solutions  seek  to  improve  health  and  safety  data  collection,  as  well  as  prevent  injuries  and  predict  risks.  predictive  analytics  in  the  health  and  safety  industry  seek  to  relieve  companies  from  concerns  of  workrelated  incidents  and  injuries.  one  of  the  innovations
__label__productinspection that  engineers  are  experimenting  with  involves  smart  ppe  personal  protective  equipment.  this  smart  personal  protective  equipment  is  often  imagined  as  wearable  technology  that  aims  to  detect  potential  hazardous  situations  and  potentially  prevent  workers  from  entering  dangerous  situations.  for  instance,  sensors  on  your  clothing  could  detect  odorless  toxic  gases  and  not  only  alert  the  employee  but  automatically  trigger  a  digital  incident  report.  other  potential  applications  also  include  location  systems,  communication  systems  smart  helmets,  earmuffs,  and  face  masks,  and  even  remote  management  that  monitors  interactions  with  hazardous  materials.  researchers  have  even  measured  and  utilized  eye  tracking  for  improved  outcomes.  using  eye  tracking
__label__productinspection glasses,  researchers  found  that  certain  highrisk  jobs  require  a  high  level  of  concentration,  and  these  glasses  have  been  used  to  identify  unique  visual  needs  required  for  proper  training.  eye  tracker  technology  can  now  provide  a  sophisticated  level  of  supervision  to  monitor  new  workers  as  a  part  of  the  training  processmaking  high  risk  work  procedures  safer  and  more  efficient.  detection  methods,  alerts  and  data  can  be  sent  to  safety  personnel  and  managers.  safety  personnel  can  get  full  visibility  to  the  scene  with  advanced  remote  viewing  capabilities.  here  are  a  few  of  the  detection  methods  that  are  used  with  safety  sensors.  maintaining
__label__productinspection machinery  for  repairs  prevents  things  from  getting  worse.  the  presence  or  change  in  the  vibration  of  machinery  is  typically  an  indication  that  something  is  wrong.  whether  there  is  an  issue  of  balance,  lubrication,  bearing  and  gears,  vibration  analysis  can  be  used  to  gain  deeper  insights  into  a  machines  condition  from  a  single  vibration  signature.  vibration  analysis  can  prevent  potential  disasters,  long  periods  of  downtime,  safety  incidents,  secondary  damages  cause  from  malfunctions,  and  lastly  a  higher  cost  of  repair  and  lost  production.  these  vibrational  analysis  tests,  carried  out  while  machinery  is  operating,  prevents  the  need  for  any  downtime  while  mechanics  are
__label__productinspection planning  fixes.  issues  can  be  identified,  spare  parts  ordered,  and  the  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  in  a  way  that  minimizes  disruption  or  potential  disaster  to  operations.  imagine  that  you  are  collecting  vibration  data  and  were  able  to  automatically  send  that  data  to  a  software  which  can  analyze  the  changes  in  vibration  to  determine  if  a  follow  up  action  is  needed.  then  the  software  creates  a  capa  task  for  machine  maintenance  and  assigned  that  task  to  a  specific  employee  who  has  the  proper  certification/training,  along  with  a  deadline  and  automated  notification  that  they  have  a  new  task.  essentially,  youd  have  a
__label__productinspection that  lets  your  machinery  talk  to  your  staff  and  let  you  know  when  repairs  are  needed  or  something  isnt  functioning  correctly.  there  arent  many  businesses  taking  advantage  of  this  type  of  system,  but  it  is  currently  an  achievable  reality.  all  thats  required  is  a  little  innovative  thinking  paired  with  an  innovative  system  that  pairs  with  your  sensor  data.  another  example  of  how  sensors  can  be  looped  into  an  artificial  intelligence  system  is  to  integrate  sensor  technology  into  your  ppe  personal  protective  equipment.  this  can  be  as  complex  or  straightforward  as  you  need  and  as  safety  demands  require.  a  very  simple
__label__productinspection example  would  be  to  apply  the  same  rfid  technology  that  is  commonly  used  in  access  cards  swipe  your  employee  id  to  gain  entry  to  ppe  and  your  manufacturing  equipment.  imagine  being  able  to  ensure  that  your  employee  can  only  start  up  a  piece  of  machinery  once  theyve  confirmed  they  are  wearing  the  correct  safety  gloves  by  tapping  a  sewnin  rfid  tag.  now  take  it  one  step  further  by  having  that  data  automatically  pulled  into  a  health  safety  software  which  can  track  which  employees  are  using  the  equipment  and  when  to  ensure  that  only  trained  and  authorized  persons  are  using  the
__label__productinspection equipment.  for  example,  you  can  start  synching  up  that  employees  rfid  tags  with  records  of  their  completed  safety  trainings  so  that  they  cant  start  up  equipment  that  they  havent  been  trained  on.  and  when  that  employee  needs  training,  you  would  be  able  to  automatically  send  them  an  email  with  a  link  to  the  training  courses  required  and  a  timeline  for  training  on  top  of  all  that,  your  safety  managers  would  get  notifications  about  all  these  activities,  access  attempts,  and  more.  they  could  even  track  where  and  when  access  attempts  are  made  to  ensure  employees  arent  sharing  ppe  to  bypass  the
__label__productinspection system.  the  limitations  on  building  this  type  of  automated  /  artificial  intelligence  safety  system  boil  down  to  two  factors:  your  access  to  sensor  technology  and  your  ability  to  innovate.  both  the  software  and  sensor  technology  already  exist  and  are  already  in  use  across  the  manufacturing  industry  its  just  a  matter  of  having  the  ability  to  implement  these  systems  in  your  own  workplace.  advanced  analytics  provide  important  ehs  performance  insight  and  highlight  significant  opportunities  for  your  business  in  updating  your  ehs  data.  a  limited  number  of  data  points  and  lagging  indicators  can  provide  some  performance  metrics,  but  ehs  technologies  in  the
__label__productinspection works  are  seeking  to  go  further.  for  example,  a  research  team  developed  leading  safety  indicator  statistical  and  algorithmic  analyses  that  were  able  to  address  workplace  incidents  with  85  accuracy.in  the  coming  years,  executives  will  to  cover  a  wider  spectrum  of  ehs  and  risks  to  improve  business  practices  with  iot  innovations.  according  to  microsoft  and  accenture,  89  of  oil  and  gas  executives  believe  they  can  leverage  analytics  to  improve  business  practices.  committing  to  an  ehs  data  analytics  and  performance  management  process  can  provide  significant  financial  and  operational  returns.  for  example,  one  manufacturer  of  engine  parts  implemented  a  safety  observation  system  that
__label__productinspection facilitated  employee  reporting  and  analysis  of  unsafe  behaviors  and  conditions  that  led  to  incidents  and  observed  a  50  reduction  in  recordable  injuries  from  2010  to  2013.  estimates  say  that  by  fully  optimizing  the  iot  solutions  available,  an  oil  and  gas  company  with  50  billion  in  annual  revenue  could  increase  its  profits  by  nearly  1  billion,  according  to  a  cisco  study.  companies  interested  in  continual  improvement  and  growth  are  seeking  to  invest  in  iot  solutions  to  stay  relevant  in  the  future.  fundamentally,  iot  technology  like  sensors  and  software  platforms  with  the  ability  to  push/pull  data  represent  the  next  horizon  of  innovation
__label__productinspection and  business  development.  companies  seeking  to  reduce  incidents  for  both  employees  and  processes  should  look  to  giving  the  physical  objects  of  your  workplace  the  ability  to  communicate  to  you  as  well  as  look  for  a  software  system  that  lets  you  hear  and  understand  what  they  are  trying  to  tell  you.  the  results  are  tangible  and  measurable  in  profits  and  cost  reduction.  spreadsheets  with  siloed  systems  are  archaic  for  the  demands  of  the  ehs  industry.  now  industry  experts  and  practitioners  are  focusing  on  factors  beyond  regulatory  compliance.  iot  innovations  like  predictive  analytics  look  at  potential  hazards  with  a  level  of  sophistication
__label__productinspection that  renders  better  outcomes  for  managers  to  improve  safety.  likewise,  advanced  analytics  from  iot  can  pinpoint  trends  and  statistics  to  make  a  stronger  business  case  for  business  improvements  and  practices.  ehs  managers  and  business  executives  are  moving  beyond  data  outputs  to  use  data  to  ask  and  answer  questions.  innovations  like  smart  ppe,  workplace  safety  detection,  and  algorithms  empower  ehs  managers  with  more  information  that  forces  managers  to  assess  and  mitigate  potential  risks.  iot  is  making  ehs  data  more  useful  predicting,  preventing,  and  analyzing  for  everyone.  this  trend  in  the  industry  is  driven  by  the  wholistic  standards  set  out  by  iso.
__label__productinspection this  standardized  approach  encourages  managers  to  take  a  birds  eye  view  of  data,  patterns,  and  common  occurrences  to  later  leverage  analytics  to  improve  business  and  industry  practices.  delivering  insights  into  your  ehs  performance  is  key.  eras  software  lets  you  comprehensively  report  and  use  the  data  already  being  collected  for  regulatory  reporting.  delivering  key  insights  across  all  departments  can  represent  a  massive  benefit.  eras  system  will  give  you  the  ability  to  deliver  across  the  following  sustainability  areas:  gain  a  birds  eye  view  of  your  facilitys  operations,  allowing  you  to  make  the  decisions  you  need  to  implement  sustainability  measures  this  birds  eye
__label__productinspection perspective  gives  you  access  to  complete  emissions  inventories,  as  well  as  giving  you  a  complete  view  of  your  facilitys  productivity  and  hs  events.  use  predictive  analytics  with  your  cems  data  to  drive  performance.  eras  software  assists  you  in  hitting  your  triple  bottom  line;  actively  helping  you  pivot  towards  the  multiple  priorities  of  .  it  is  this  facilitated  approach  that  will  allow  you  to  make  concrete  environmental  improvements,  like  decreasing  your  carbon  footprint,  as  well  as  tackling  your  quarterbyquarter  business  concerns.  deliver  authoritative  kpi  reports  through  eras  solution,  which  can  be  set  up  to  automatically  deliver  reports  on  all  your  emissions
__label__productinspection and  utility  tracking,  including  greenhouse  gases  and  vocs,  plus  water  and  waste,  ,  and  any  other  performance  metric.  the  insights  provided  by  eras  software  actively  inform  your  kpis,  enabling  positive  sustainability  benchmarking  with  other  facilities.  eras  team  of  health  safety  researchers  have  compiled  a  short  guide  about  the  essentials  that  go  into  meaningful  risk  assessment  methodologies,  available  for  free  ondemand  download.  learn  more  about  the  proven  methodologies  that  top  performers  use  to  reduce  risk  and  prevent  incidents.  click  the  button  below  to  get  your  copy  now.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  carla  samuel  is  a  writer  for  era
__label__productinspection the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__productinspection the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__productinspection for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__productinspection 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__productinspection internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__productinspection and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__productinspection focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__productinspection segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__productinspection outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__productinspection include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__productinspection better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__productinspection data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__productinspection globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__productinspection a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__productinspection leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__productinspection speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__productinspection and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__productinspection is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__productinspection miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__productinspection its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__productinspection and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__productinspection surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__productinspection of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__productinspection illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__productinspection indexed  in  science  citation  index  expanded  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  wireless  communications  and  mobile  computing,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  institute  of  mathematical  and  computer  sciences,  university  of  so  paulo,  brazil  school  of  eletrical  engineering  and  computer  science,  university  of  ottawa,  canada  department  of  computer  science,  university  of  braslia,  distrito  federal,  brazil  institute  of  computing,  university  of  campinas,  brazil  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  13  november  2018;  revised  28  march  2019;  accepted  9  april  2019;  published  5  may  2019  academic  editor:  antonio  guerrieri  copyright  2019  jos  r.  torres  neto  et  al.  this
__label__productinspection is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  the  growth  in  many  countries  of  the  population  in  need  of  healthcare  and  with  reduced  mobility  in  many  countries  shows  the  demand  for  the  development  of  assistive  technologies  to  cater  for  this  public,  especially  when  they  require  home  treatment  after  being  discharged  from  the  hospital.  to  this  end,  interactive  applications  on  mobile  devices  are  often  integrated  into  intelligent  environments.  such  environments  usually  have  limited  resources,  which  are  not  capable  of  processing  great  volumes  of
__label__productinspection data  and  can  expend  much  energy  due  to  devices  being  in  communication  to  a  cloud.  some  approaches  have  tried  to  minimize  these  problems  by  using  fog  microdatacenter  networks  to  provide  high  computational  capabilities.  however,  full  outsourcing  of  the  data  analysis  to  a  microfog  can  generate  a  reduced  level  of  accuracy  and  adaptability.  in  this  work,  we  propose  a  healthcare  system  that  uses  data  offloading  to  increase  performance  in  an  iotbased  microfog,  providing  resources  and  improving  health  monitoring.  the  main  challenge  of  the  proposed  system  is  to  provide  high  data  processing  with  low  latency  in  an  environment  with  limited  resources.  therefore,
__label__productinspection the  main  contribution  of  this  work  is  to  design  an  offloading  algorithm  to  ensure  resource  provision  in  a  microfog  and  synchronize  the  complexity  of  data  processing  through  a  healthcare  environment  architecture.  we  validated  and  evaluated  the  system  using  two  interactive  applications  of  individualized  monitoring:  1  recognition  of  people  using  images  and  2  fall  detection  using  the  combination  of  sensors  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  on  a  smartwatch  and  smartphone.  our  system  improves  by  54  and  15  on  the  processing  time  of  the  user  recognition  and  fall  decision  applications,  respectively.  in  addition,  it  showed  promising  results,  notably  a  high  accuracy  in  identifying  individuals,
__label__productinspection as  well  as  detecting  their  mobility;  and  b  efficiency  when  implemented  in  devices  with  scarce  resources.  in  recent  years,  the  number  of  people  with  healthcare  needs,  such  as  the  elderly,  disabled,  and  patients  with  reduced  mobility,  has  increased  considerably  in  the  world  .  this  increase  has  created  an  upward  trend  in  research  involving  these  people,  especially  when  they  are  discharged  from  hospitals  and  need  to  be  cared  for  at  home.  transitioning  back  home  after  hospital  discharge  is  a  vulnerable  time  for  patients.  in  this  context,  health  smart  homes  hsh,  also  known  as  home  care  environments,  have  emerged  as  a  promising
__label__productinspection option  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  people  treated  at  home.  typically,  treating  people  with  reduced  mobility  within  the  context  of  hsh  uses  computational  intelligence  to  monitor  them  while  they  are  recovering  in  their  homes  .  computational  intelligence  applied  in  healthcare  monitoring  is  feasible  and  extremely  important,  especially  in  countries  where  the  number  of  persons  with  reduced  mobility  is  high  ,  .  smart  city  applications  are  increasingly  being  used  in  the  everyday  lives  of  the  population  through  the  internet  of  things  iot,  as  well  as  in  the  health  smart  home  context.  in  the  iot,  any  physical  or  virtual  sensor
__label__productinspection is  considered  a  thing  that  can  be  connected  to  the  internet  ,  .  such  things  can  be  sensors  or  actuators  that  will  activate  when  a  critical  situation  is  detected.  thus,  data  can  be  collected  and  transmitted  to  analyze  and  represent  individuals  information  remotely  ,  .  therefore,  interactive  applications  on  mobile  devices  can  be  used  for  individualized  sensing  and  monitoring  using  cameras  and  other  mobile  device  sensors,  such  as  specific  gadgets  .  for  instance,  these  applications  can  issue  warnings  to  teams  of  health  professionals  or  family  members  whenever  they  detect  some  abnormality  ,  .  in  this  context,  studies  have  aggregated  information
__label__productinspection from  multiple  sources  and  distributed  it  to  consumers  who  do  not  have  direct  connections  with  the  information  producers,  such  as  healthcare  systems  that  monitor  the  data  of  a  patient  undergoing  home  treatment  and  share  them  with  a  hospital  system  ,  .  these  systems  can  analyze  health  problems  or  cognitive  disorders  ,  monitoring  older  adults  in  their  homes  ,  ,  recognizing  human  activity  ,  ,  or  interacting  with  people  .  thus,  hsh  systems  based  on  fog  computing  could  help  diagnose  diseases  and  influence  individuals  social  interaction,  as  well  as  intervening  with  some  daily  tasks  or  making  decisions  for  the  user  e.g.,
__label__productinspection suggesting  a  film  genre  to  relieve  stress  according  to  their  current  state  .  fog  computing  is  a  layer  of  computing  power  between  cloud  and  devices  capable  of  dealing  with  contextualized  data  points  .  fog  computing  enables  sharing  and  management  data  at  the  network  edge.  in  this  way,  decentralized  smart  processing  is  closer  to  the  data  source.  for  instance,  some  raspberry  pis  connected  can  monitor  a  smart  home,  acting  as  multiple  sink  nodes  or  fog  nodes.  a  fog  node  is  deployed  at  the  edge  of  the  network  and  is  capable  of  handling  context  awareness  .  in  this  work,  we  designed  a
__label__productinspection microfog,  which  is  a  fog  node  responsible  exclusively  for  providing  individualized  monitoring.  a  microfog  can  be  a  subset  of  fog  devices  e.g.,  two  raspberry  pis  enabled  by  fog  cluster  to  handle  data  from  a  sensor  linked  to  a  specific  monitoring  application.  an  infrastructure  of  microfog  for  hsh  offers  encouraging  possibilities  in  edge  resource  provision  since  allowing  distributed  services  and  resources  provides  distinct  environments  for  many  users  .  however,  a  microfog  integrated  into  hsh  has  limited  resources.  the  full  outsourcing  of  data  analysis  to  a  microfog  can,  consequently,  give  rise  to  a  reduced  level  of  accuracy  and  adaptability  .  however,  the
__label__productinspection devices  communication  is  more  costly  than  local  computing,  since  such  sensors  can  consume  a  great  deal  of  energy  if  their  communication  is  not  optimized  ,  .  furthermore,  multiple  applications  competing  for  limited  resources  result  in  higher  processing  latency  and  more  transmissions  to  the  cloud.  they  also  reduce  the  performance  of  networking  services  and  increase  devices  energy  consumption  ,  .  managing  such  resources  is  not  a  trivial  task.  one  big  challenge  in  hsh  systems,  then,  is  how  we  can  achieve  high  data  processing  with  low  latency  in  an  environment  with  limited  resources.  to  overcome  these  abovementioned  limitations,  this  work  proposes  moose
__label__productinspection microfog  offloading  system,  a  healthcare  system  based  on  data  offloading  in  an  iotbased  microfog  and  applications  that  use  computational  intelligence  for  individualized  monitoring  of  users  with  reduced  mobility.  the  proper  microfog  infrastructure  for  an  autonomous  healthcare  system  might  mitigate  the  undesired  effects  of  health  monitoring  and  consequently  improve  resource  provision  efficiently.  we  define  microfog  as  a  subset  of  the  fog  computing  environment  responsible  for  the  individualized  monitoring  of  the  user.  with  a  microfog,  it  is  possible  to  reduce  the  number  of  transmissions  involving  raw  data;  hence,  only  metadata  are  sent.  also,  microfog  ensures  data  volume  and  latency  reduction,  as  well
__label__productinspection as  the  saturation  of  the  wireless  network  ,  ,  .  in  turn,  data  offloading  helps  mitigate  the  effects  of  the  local  decision  and  improve  the  architectural  limitations  of  devices,  taking  advantage  of  a  communication  interface  for  the  transmission  of  data  to  the  cloud.  however,  some  of  its  drawbacks  are  accentuated  in  the  communication  between  fog  layer  and  cloud;  for  instance,  the  processing  time  of  health  critical  iotbased  applications  is  limited  by  the  offloading  of  data  to  the  cloud  ,  .  thus,  the  performance  of  remote  monitoring  can  be  severely  reduced  if  this  scenario  is  not  carefully  considered.  additionally,  moose  can
__label__productinspection be  portable  and  independent  of  the  environment  infrastructure.  mooses  modularized  architecture  allows  the  simplified  deployment  of  applications  that  use  computational  intelligence.  in  this  context,  this  work  discusses  two  individualized  monitoring  applications  that  were  used  as  a  case  study:  1  user  recognition,  an  application  based  on  images,  and  2  fall  detection,  an  application  based  on  motion  sensors.  our  work  is  mainly  focused  on  distributing  resources  in  a  healthcare  iotbased  environment  and  on  improving  the  number  of  transmissions  between  smart  applications  and  cloud.  the  offloading  decision  improved  the  individualized  health  monitoring  and  resource  provision,  increasing  the  performance  of  the  infrastructure  in  smart
__label__productinspection environments.  the  results  show  decrease  up  to  54  and  15,  respectively,  in  the  processing  time  of  the  user  recognition  and  fall  decision  applications  with  five  devices  in  moose  microfog,  as  compared  to  an  environment  with  only  a  cloud.  the  remainder  of  this  work  is  organized  as  follows.  section  discusses  the  related  works  found  in  the  state  of  the  art.  the  background  of  smart  individualized  monitoring  is  given  in  section  .  section  describes  the  moose  system.  section  shows  the  performance  evaluation  of  the  proposed  system.  finally,  section  presents  final  considerations  and  future  research  directions  for  this  work.  this  section  presents  the
__label__productinspection advances  achieved  in  hshs,  highlighting  the  main  challenges  of  this  research.  iotbased  hsh  has  been  extensively  studied  in  the  literature.  in  particular,  advances  in  inhome  healthcare  in  recent  years  are  due  to  smart  environment  applications,  as  well  as  artificial  intelligence  .  therefore,  the  combination  of  modern  detection  equipment,  advanced  dataprocessing  techniques,  and  wireless  networks  results  in  the  creation  of  digital  environments  that  improve  residents  daily  lives  ,  .  for  example,  applications  to  assist  people  in  a  healthcare  environment  have  been  developed  in  order  to  improve  the  quality  of  their  lives.  intel  corporation  has  developed  an  ultrasound  system  that  identifies  falls
__label__productinspection and  irregular  movements  by  users  as  part  of  their  iot  system.  these  approaches  are  not  generic  and  should  be  used  for  specific  purposes.  similarly,  provides  a  webbased  iot  middleware  platform  to  connect  physicians  and  patients  using  coupled  body  sensors  and  actuators,  called  ecohealth  ecosystem  of  healthcare  devices.  the  solution  is  divided  into  modules  comprising  device  connection,  data  manipulation,  actuation,  visualization,  management,  storage,  and  other  services.  the  focus  of  the  authors  is  on  monitoring  people  under  observation;  they  suggest  coupled  breathing  sensors  in  an  oxygen  mask,  a  temperature  sensor  on  the  patients  arm,  and  an  electrocardiogram  sensor.  thus,  a  physician  can
__label__productinspection remotely  evaluate  the  patient  in  real  time.  however,  considering  the  scenario  of  an  hsh,  the  above  solutions  are  considered  intrusive,  and  disregarding  the  quality  of  life  and  the  daytoday  independence  of  the  user.  furthermore,  the  authors  do  not  take  device  competition,  which  can  occur  in  a  bottleneck  in  a  wireless  network,  into  account.  also,  there  has  been  little  written  about  smart  monitoring  in  smart  homes  using  microfog  architectures  and  data  offloading  on  such  architecture  for  a  resource  providing  individualized  monitoring.  some  other  works  are  more  focused  on  the  specific  iot  infrastructure,  not  only  software  but  also  considering  networks,  hardware,  and
__label__productinspection middleware.  for  example,  authors  in  present  a  novel,  usercentered  methodology  to  develop  intelligent  environments.  the  authors  focus  on  integrating  technologies  and  create  a  software  infrastructure  to  provide  services.  the  challenge  addressed  by  the  authors  is  related  to  confidence  in  systems  in  the  real  world,  such  as  performance  quality,  behavioral  correctness,  and  their  validation.  also,  the  authors  focus  on  stakeholders  involved  in  the  building  systems  in  intelligent  environments.  the  authors  in  describe  an  intelligent  approach  to  the  analysis  of  iot  applications  on  focused  on  the  automation  of  the  transitions  between  edge  and  cloud  in  dynamic  situations.  the  authors  describe  an  architecture
__label__productinspection divided  into  three  layers,  composed  of  different  components  and  actors  that  assume  roles  in  adaptive  iot  data  analytics  solutions.  however,  any  evaluation  is  made  by  the  authors.  in  addition,  none  of  the  above  authors  present  an  evaluation  to  attest  to  how  their  solutions  impact  the  infrastructure  of  intelligent  environments.  distributed  processing  in  an  infrastructure  based  on  the  architectural  limitations  of  the  environment  devices  has  not  been  adequately  addressed.  the  authors  in  describe  an  iot  platform  to  ensure  reliable  data  dissemination  and  analysis  in  the  communication  in  rural  and  remote  areas,  where  the  wireless  infrastructure  is  sparse.  thus,  the  authors  handle
__label__productinspection with  the  connectivity  problem  by  using  longrange  multihops  between  sensors  and  actuators.  the  solution  proposed  by  the  authors  disseminates  data  both  at  the  edge  and  in  the  cloud.  it  is  worth  highlighting  that  the  balance  of  computing  is  essential,  given  that  a  high  volume  of  data  at  the  edge  can  overload  devices,  which  make  the  system  less  scalable.  the  authors  in  propose  a  selfconfigurable  gateway  capable  of  performing  detection  and  configuration  of  iot  devices  in  real  time.  the  authors  explore  a  threetier  architecture  for  iot  applications,  based  on  different  computational  capabilities  scenarios.  their  focus  is  on  the  dynamic  discovery  of
__label__productinspection iot  devices  and  the  management  of  their  connections.  however,  their  configurations  are  limited  to  hardware,  which  can  make  their  solution  dependent  on  specific  devices  or  applications.  moreover,  the  flexibility  of  data  volume  was  not  addressed.  in  this  paper,  we  go  further  and  exploit  microfog  in  a  threelayer  environment  to  provide  higherlevel  services.  our  work  provides  the  following  additional  contributions:  1  an  iotbased  healthcare  system  that  forms  an  intermediate  layer  of  intelligence  between  applications  and  devices;  2  a  microfog  architecture  capable  of  facing  challenges  in  healthcare  systems,  such  as  flexibility,  energy  efficiency,  scalability,  and  reliability;  3  an  increase  in  the  processing
__label__productinspection performance  of  individualized  monitoring,  distributing  data  through  the  environment;  and  4  a  reduction  in  the  number  of  transmission  and  latency  even  when  the  volume  of  data  is  high,  improving  the  energy  consumption  of  the  devices.  because  of  the  growth  in  users  of  computer  systems  and  access  to  such  technologies,  it  is  possible  to  capture  and  analyze  data  from  individuals  in  different  contexts,  especially  in  the  residential  and  personalized  context.  therefore,  the  identification  of  the  individual  and  the  detection  of  physical  behavior,  for  example,  a  fall,  can  help  systems  monitor  the  health  of  people  with  disabilities,  those  with  reduced  mobility,  and
__label__productinspection the  elderly.  they  can  also  meet  the  needs  and  assist  in  the  daily  life  of  each  user  ,  .  this  work  considered  the  interactive  applications  user  recognition  and  fall  detection  to  validate  the  proposed  framework.  these  applications  allow  individualized  and  nonintrusive  monitoring.  figure  shows  how  we  performed  individualized  monitoring  and  then  carries  out  the  task  in  a  nonintrusive  manner.  to  this  end,  we  followed  two  steps:  1  application  monitoring  that  consists  of  collecting  data  in  an  individualized  way,  as  presented  in  sections  and  and  2  a  learning  module  that  consists  of  acquiring  knowledge  to  detect  the  application  tasks.  this  monitoring
__label__productinspection opens  space  to  investigate  methods  for  helping  users,  such  as  an  application  to  call  an  ambulance  when  an  older  adult  falls.  figure  1:  we  relied  on  computational  intelligence  for  user  recognition  and  fall  detection.  in  this  case,  we  used  a  classifier  based  on  the  machine  learning  algorithm  knearest  neighbors  knn,  using  euclidean  distance.  knn  is  a  supervised  algorithm,  which  learns  to  perform  a  task  in  this  research,  recognition  and  detection  according  to  a  specialized  dataset.  we  chose  knn  because  it  presented  useful  results  in  the  detection  and  classification  of  falls,  especially  with  the  use  of  wearable  sensorbased  fall  detection  ,
__label__productinspection .  in  the  context  of  face  recognition,  there  are  more  robust  recognition  approaches  presenting  good  results  in  face  classification  ,  ,  .  however,  the  choice  to  use  knn  in  our  model  is  justified  by  selflearning  based  on  historical  examples  only  and  by  adaptability  due  to  not  requiring,  at  each  update,  changes  in  network  topology.  in  hsh  systems,  images  are  transmitted  by  devices  and  used  by  recognition  applications  to  identify  a  particular  individual.  the  face  is  analyzed  through  the  image,  which  determines  the  identity  of  each  user.  in  this  work,  we  use  the  face  mapping  proposed  in  .  this  mapping  is
__label__productinspection divided  into  stages  of  face  acquisition,  facial  feature  extraction,  and  identification  based  on  automatic  learning.  following  ,  the  face  mapping  process  is  performed  by  considering  33  points  obtained  from  facial  feature  extraction.  points  are  specific  parts  of  the  face  that,  when  joined,  uniquely  identify  an  individual.  the  points  are  distributed  as  follows:  a  eight  to  map  the  mouth;  b  six  for  each  eye;  c  three  for  each  eyebrow;  d  three  for  the  chin;  e  two  for  the  nostrils;  and  f  two  to  mark  the  lateral  ends  of  the  face  near  the  eyes.  also,  distances  and  angles  are  obtained  for  all
__label__productinspection possible  combinations  of  points,  to  show  the  line  connecting  two  distinct  points  with  the  horizontal  axis.  this  creates  a  dimensionality  representation  of  attributes.  after  obtaining  the  dimensionality  of  the  face,  we  used  such  characteristic  points  of  each  user  to  form  a  reference  method,  based  on  knn,  for  the  learning  and  identification  of  the  user.  a  fall  detection  application  monitors  the  movements  of  users  in  smart  environments  as  a  means  of  monitoring  their  routine  at  a  distance  and  detecting  unusual  activity,  such  as  falls.  moose  uses  fall  detection  based  on  ,  ,  but  we  used  a  smartwatch  to  collect  accelerometer  and
__label__productinspection gyroscope  data.  the  use  of  a  smartwatch  presents  an  additional  challenge  in  collecting  data,  namely,  false  positives.  to  remedy  the  nontrivial  task  mentioned,  we  used  the  smartwatch  synchronized  with  a  smartphone  to  collect  the  data.  thus,  our  system  collects  and  correlates  data  from  the  following  devices:  1  an  accelerometer  to  determine  the  displacement  of  a  moving  body  and  2  a  gyroscope  to  determine  the  rotation  and  change  of  direction  of  a  moving  body.  in  other  words,  this  application  simultaneously  combines  two  different  devices  for  monitoring  the  users  movements,  such  as  a  smartphone  and  a  smartwatch.  thus,  their  coordinates  are  crossed
__label__productinspection for  better  accuracy.  this  approach  aims  to  reduce  false  positives  when  identifying  falls,  combining  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data  from  both  devices.  in  summary,  the  application  verifies  if  there  is  movement  in  both  devices  then  checks  whether  a  device  is  in  contact  with  the  user  and  whether  it  uses  data  to  identify  falls.  thus,  medical  care/assistance  can  be  notified  with  greater  precision,  so  as  to  act  as  soon  as  possible.  this  section  presents  a  healthcare  system  that  uses  data  offloading  to  increase  performance  in  an  iotbased  microfog,  providing  resources  and  improving  health  monitoring.  our  system  is  called  moose  microfog  offloading  system
__label__productinspection and  was  based  on  inca  .  our  proposal,  shown  in  figure  ,  is  modeled  for  healthcare  applications  based  on  iot  systems  in  order  to  provide  smart  monitoring  of  individuals  with  reduced  mobility,  such  as  the  elderly.  the  proposed  system  consists  of  resources  providing  increased  performance  for  data  processing  and  message  transmission  in  a  fog  environment  using  data  offloading.  the  proposed  system  was  based  on  an  architecture  of  three  layers  see  figure  :  1  tier  1,  2  tier  2,  and  3  tier  3.  in  the  first  tier,  sensing  is  carried  out  by  devices,  which  then  collect  and  transmit  data.  in  the
__label__productinspection second  tier,  a  lightweight  analysis  based  on  images  or  data  coordinates  is  conducted  by  a  microfog,  an  environment  where  devices  are  used  to  carry  out  data  processing,  putting  computing  resources  e.g.,  processing,  memory,  and  data  closest  to  the  end  user  .  in  the  third  tier,  an  indepth  analysis  based  on  images  or  data  coordinates  is  completed  in  a  cloud,  which  has  higher  processing  power  and  storage  capacity.  figure  2:  the  next  subsection  describes  the  healthcare  system  based  on  data  offloading.  the  proposed  system  can  be  modeled  in  two  main  parts:  this  section  describes  the  transmission  of  data  through  mooses  architecture.
__label__productinspection the  producers  of  information  are  capable  of  collecting  and  transmitting  data  to  the  fog  cluster,  such  as  an  image  and  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  coordinates.  this  study  considers  the  message  queue  telemetry  transport  mqtt  protocol  for  data  transmissions,  as  the  components  have  loosely  coupled  characteristics.  mqtt  is  one  of  the  most  common  protocols  used  for  iot  devicetodevice  communications  and  a  candidate  to  become  the  standard  iot  protocol  because  of  its  effectiveness  and  lightweight  nature  .  we  used  a  temporal  correlation  protocol  to  correlate  the  generated  events  to  time.  this  protocol  acts  before  the  mqtt  event  management  publishes  the  data  collected  by
__label__productinspection sensors,  in  order  to  prevent  redundant  notifications.  thus,  redundant  data  are  eliminated  and  new  data  are  published  in  blocks.  furthermore,  this  increases  network  life,  reducing  the  amount  of  data  without  losing  quality  and  reducing  the  number  of  transmissions.  mqtt  event  management  is  responsible  for  managing  the  publisher  and  subscriber  topics  in  tiers  2  and  3  of  the  mooses  architecture.  in  tier  2,  the  mqtt  event  management  instance  contains  only  topics  related  to  active  applications  i.e.,  monitoring  applications  currently  connected  to  the  system.  in  tier  3,  the  mqtt  event  management  instance  manages  all  publisher  and  subscriber  topics,  since  it  covers  all
__label__productinspection registered  applications  .  topic  management  is  supported  by  the  data  repository  in  tier  3,  in  which  data  analysis  is  performed.  thus,  the  system  has  knowledge  of  the  whole  monitoring  environment,  as  the  cloud  stores  all  data  collected  by  the  sensors  of  devices  present  in  the  users  everyday  lives  e.g.,  smartwatch,  smartphone,  or  cameras.  the  data  analysis  is  divided  into  two  modules:  data  management  module  decision  module  this  subsection  describes  how  the  design  of  our  proposal  enables  the  fog  cluster  to  decide  whether  it  transmits  data  to  the  cloud.  in  a  healthcare  environment,  the  fog  node  addresses  the  processing  time  of
__label__productinspection critical  iot  applications,  which  may  be  limited  by  the  network  delay  in  transmitting  data  to  the  cloud  .  the  proposed  fog  cluster  consists  of  brokers  formed  by  connected  heterogeneous  devices  e.g.,  embedded  devices,  routers,  switches,  settop  boxes,  proxy  server,  and  base  stations.  the  brokers  are  composed  of  subscribers,  which  are  the  backend  of  monitoring  applications  instantiated  by  the  mqtt  event  management.  in  our  proposed  fog  cluster,  we  use  two  monitoring  applications  as  subscribers,  namely,  user  recognition  and  fall  detection,  as  described  in  section  .  to  support  our  study,  we  created  a  microfog  using  some  connected  raspberry  pi  2,  fog  node
__label__productinspection that  form  a  virtualized  cloud  computing  environment.  the  raspberries  were  configured  in  a  distributed  manner  embedded  with  wireless  communication  capabilities.  moreover,  the  microfog  had  computing  capabilities  able  to  run  the  monitoring  applications  with  different  scenarios,  evaluated  in  section  .  in  our  fog  cluster,  input  data  processing  is  decided  based  on  the  impact  of  the  application  on  the  fog  and  cloud  environments.  in  algorithm  ,  we  present  the  pseudocode  of  the  proposed  offloading  decision.  algorithm  1:  algorithm  receives  the  block  of  data  formed  by  mqtt  event  management  as  input.  in  the  first  execution,  the  applications  are  run  in  both  environments,  the
__label__productinspection fog  cluster  and  the  cloud.  the  costs  are  obtained  through  energy  consumption  by  the  applications  execution.  equation  gives  the  cost  of  the  application  execution  in  the  fog  cluster:  where  is  the  voltage  and  is  the  chain  read  during  a  time  interval  the  cost  of  the  application  execution  in  the  cloud  must  consider  the  roundtrip  time  rtt  in  transmissions  from  fog  to  cloud.  thus,  the  equation  used  to  estimate  the  cost  of  the  application  execution  in  the  cloud  is  as  follows:  where  is  a  constant  that  represents  where  is  the  transmission  cost  and  is  the  receiving  cost.  both  and  are  defined
__label__productinspection by  as  follows  :  where  is  the  transmission  rate  of  the  network  interface,  is  the  device  voltage,  and  is  the  electric  current.  it  is  worth  pointing  out  that  has  different  values  for  transmitting  and  receiving  data  because  the  signal  strengths  differ.  for  instance,  the  micaz  architecture  takes  17.4  ma  to  transmit  a  packet  and  18.8  ma  to  receive.  this  means  that  the  levels  of  energy  consumption  required  to  transmit  and  receive  a  packet  are  0.2088  j/bits  and  0.2256  j/bits  respectively  .  the  previous  costs  are  saved  in  a  database  in  order  to  provide  information  for  the  next  offloading  decision.  thus,
__label__productinspection our  algorithm  uses  a  simple  linear  speedup  to  evaluate  the  execution  time  for  each  environment,  shown  in  where  is  the  execution  time  of  the  task  and  is  the  execution  workload  of  the  task.  thus,  our  algorithm  chooses  the  lowest  execution  time.  the  workload  increases  according  to  the  number  of  data  blocks  currently  being  processed  in  the  environment.  thus,  our  proposal  balances  processing  in  both  environments,  as  the  execution  time  may  vary  depending  on  the  workload.  figure  shows  a  flowchart  of  procedures  performed  in  our  proposed  framework  to  increase  performance  by  data  offloading  in  iot  healthcare  systems.  the  offloading  decision  increases
__label__productinspection performance  in  data  processing  and  message  transmission.  the  procedures  are  divided  into  three  stages:  1  data  collection,  2  fog  cluster,  and  3  ccloud.  the  arrow  indicates  the  direction  in  which  the  procedures  flow.  as  soon  as  the  data  are  collected,  they  are  sent  to  the  fog  cluster.  the  broker  receives  these  data  and  compares  them  to  previous  data.  if  the  data  are  new,  a  block  of  data  is  created  and  published  in  the  event  manager.  our  algorithm  estimates  the  fog  cluster  and  the  cloud  cost  for  executing  the  application,  and  decides  whether  to  send  the  data  to  the  cloud  or
__label__productinspection process  them  locally.  figure  3:  this  section  presents  the  methodology  and  results  of  the  performance  evaluation  carried  out  using  experiments  with  face  recognition  and  fall  detection.  the  validation  of  moose  was  divided  into  two  stages.  in  the  first  stage,  we  evaluated  the  applications  of  individualized  monitoring.  in  the  second  stage,  we  evaluated  the  mooses  communication  infrastructure,  comparing  it  with  a  baseline  that  uses  a  cloud  server  environment.  in  the  baseline,  processing  is  performed  directly  on  the  remote  server,  without  going  through  an  intermediary  environment  that  could  process  the  applications.  it  was  possible  to  notice  that  the  performance  of  the  system
__label__productinspection improved  after  the  addition  of  a  microfog  as  an  intermediate  layer,  since  the  resources  were  distributed  to  the  whole  infrastructure.  all  experiments  were  performed  in  a  real  environment.  thus,  raspberry  pi  2  was  used  as  microfog  i.e.,  a  network  edge  node  and  a  desktop  as  a  remote  server.  the  measurement  and  parameters  selected  for  each  scenario  are  presented  in  the  following,  as  well  as  the  results  obtained.  this  work  used  facial  expression  images  from  the  free  access  cohnkanade  ck  database  ,  which  consists  of  593  facial  expressions  from  123  adult  actors  69  female  and  31  male.  however,  only  one  ck
__label__productinspection database  subset  was  used  for  the  experiments.  there  are  many  nearly  identical  images,  due  to  the  ck  dataset  consisting  of  a  sequence  of  images  obtained  from  videos,  and  the  ck  subset  was  thus  used,  removing  very  similar  images  to  help  create  a  balanced  subset  of  relevant  images  that  can  improve  the  generalization  performance  of  the  investigated  machine  learning  classifiers.  this  subset  comprises  only  frontal  images  of  30  different  individuals  with  100  images  each,  making  for  a  total  of  3000  pictures  for  the  experiments,  both  to  train  the  algorithm  and  for  the  tests  performed  to  identify  the  user.  the  fall  detection
__label__productinspection experiments  were  based  on  literature  studies  ,  .  thus,  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data  were  collected  from  three  different  individuals  using  a  smartwatch  moto  360  and  smartphone  moto  x2.  this  strategy  of  using  real  data  was  adopted  due  to  the  need  to  ensure  that  both  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data  were  acquired  at  the  same  time.  the  collected  data  correspond  to  15  minutes  of  each  user  performing  each  activity.  sensor  data  were  collected  at  time  intervals  of  twenty  milliseconds.  thus,  at  the  end  of  the  experiment,  there  was  a  set  of  135,000  data  for  each  activity,  for  a  total  of  810,000  data.
__label__productinspection the  methodology  adopted  for  the  experiments  was  to  perform  the  simple  average  of  every  twentyfive  data  lines,  equivalent  to  the  mean  of  the  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data  in  a  time  interval  of  one  second.  for  both  experiments  i.e.,  user  recognition  and  fall  detection,  the  performance  of  the  algorithms  was  analyzed  separately  using  kfold  crossvalidation  .  this  is  probably  the  most  popular  technique  for  evaluating  the  generalization  capacity  of  a  model  from  a  set  of  data.  it  consists  of  dividing  the  total  set  of  data  into  independent  subsets  of  the  same  size,  with  one  subset  used  to  test  and  the  remaining
__label__productinspection to  train.  this  process  is  performed  times,  alternating  the  test  subset  so  that  all  combinations  are  satisfied,  which  provides  us  with  a  more  accurate  estimate.  in  our  experiments,  we  used  in  the  kfold  crossvalidation  technique.  on  the  other  hand,  the  knn  algorithm  calculates  the  euclidian  distance  of  all  elements  of  the  dataset  to  the  new  input  data  and  then  decides  which  class  is  the  closest  to  the  input  data  through  a  vote  of  the  nearest  elements.  we  used  the  knn  algorithm  with  different  configurations  for  the  user  recognition  model  and  fall  detection  model  tests,  such  as  and  9  figure  .
__label__productinspection figure  shows  the  results  obtained  by  the  knn  algorithm  as  a  function  of  the  user  recognition  accuracy  and  fall  detection  models.  in  both  applications,  the  classifier  reaches  the  highest  accuracy  rate  when  i.e.,  when  only  one  element  votes  on  the  classification  of  the  input  data:  99.65  for  user  recognition  and  95.59  for  fall  detection.  figure  4:  the  interactive  monitoring  applications  described  in  section  were  used  to  evaluate  the  mooses  infrastructure.  the  applications  were  run  in  different  environments,  defined  as  tiers  in  mooses  architecture:  1  tier  2  microfog,  raspberry  pi  and  2  tier  3  remote  server.  thus,  it  could  be  inferred
__label__productinspection at  what  tier  of  the  architecture  the  application  processing  is  valid  from  the  situation  and  the  number  of  input  data.  image  data  are  collected  using  a  smartphone,  the  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data  using  a  smartphone  and  a  smartwatch.  the  interfaces  collected  these  data  and  sent  them  to  the  fog  cluster,  in  which  they  were  compared  to  previous  data  and  the  new  blocks  were  created.  afterward,  the  blocks  were  published  in  the  event  manager  to  serve  as  input  for  individualized  monitoring  applications.  table  shows  the  parameters  of  the  experiments,  where  we  considered  an  image  file  and  a  coordinate  file  as  input.
__label__productinspection it  is  noteworthy  that  the  coordinate  file  provided  a  1second  measurement  of  the  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  sensor,  producing  a  1kb  file,  whereas  each  image  was  32kb  in  size.  table  1:  assuming  that  the  embedded  devices  support  the  applications  developed  in  terms  of  memory  and  processing  power  consumption,  evaluations  were  focused  on  metrics  of  the  processing  time  of  the  applications  in  four  scenarios  see  table  .  the  results  were  run  33  times  with  95  confidence  using  tstudent.  table  2:  in  order  to  measure  the  impact  of  the  applications  on  the  infrastructure,  we  evaluated  both  execution  environments  based  on  the  performance  of
__label__productinspection each  application.  figures  and  show  the  performance  evaluations  of  tiers  1  and  2  in  relation  to  the  processing  time  of  the  interactive  applications.  figure  shows  the  time  that  the  user  recognition  application  took  to  run  at  each  level,  according  to  the  number  of  data  blocks  taken  as  input.  with  1  data  block,  the  extraction  of  characteristics  and  classification  in  level  1  takes  around  five  seconds,  whereas  in  tier  1,  the  time  is  onefifth  of  this.  however,  as  the  number  of  data  blocks  increases,  level  2  processing  time  approaches  the  processing  time  of  1  data  block  in  tier  1.  therefore,  it
__label__productinspection can  be  observed  that  in  a  large  data  burst,  level  1  can  be  used  for  processing,  making  it  less  idle  while  level  2  processes  a  large  amount  of  data.  figure  5:  figure  6:  likewise,  figure  shows  the  processing  time  of  the  fall  detection  application.  in  this  scenario,  the  embedded  device  takes  2.2  seconds  to  detect  a  fall  with  one  data  block.  in  this  scenario,  the  response  time  of  level  2  is  seven  times  less  but  also  reaches  the  response  time  of  the  embedded  device  at  a  given  instant.  therefore,  it  is  possible  to  use  the  data  offloading  approach  with  fog
__label__productinspection computing  to  parallelize  the  processing  of  a  large  amount  of  data.  additionally,  we  evaluated  the  impact  of  the  microfog  layer  on  the  energy  consumption  caused  by  applications  at  the  moment  of  their  execution.  the  metrics  used  in  this  evaluation  were  memory  and  processing  power  consumption,  as  well  as  processing  time.  figures  and  show  the  memory  consumption  of  each  interactive  monitoring  application  in  both  performance  environments.  we  can  observe  that  in  the  execution  of  the  user  recognition  app  in  tier  2  requires  much  more  memory  than  in  tier  3.  this  is  because  the  memory  resources  of  a  raspberry  are  scarce.  to
__label__productinspection circumvent  this  problem,  we  diversified  the  microfog  with  more  than  one  raspberry  and  distributed  the  processing  between  them,  forming  a  virtualized  environment.  on  the  other  hand,  the  fall  detection  app  did  not  have  as  much  impact  on  tier  1  as  coordinate  data  is  lighter  than  image.  figure  7:  figures  and  show  the  consumption  of  processing  power.  despite  the  high  processor  and  memory  consumption  in  an  embedded  device  compared  to  a  server,  results  show  that  embedded  devices  support  such  applications.  this  opens  space  for  investigating  highperformance  algorithms  for  these  devices  that  require  fewer  device  resources.  thus,  the  maximum  processing  is  done
__label__productinspection at  the  network  edges,  which  can  save  device  energy  because  of  the  reduction  of  transmissions  to  the  cloud.  figure  8:  here,  it  is  worth  emphasizing  the  role  of  the  fog  cluster  in  computing  the  offloading  decision  before  transmitting  the  data  to  the  cloud.  it  is  possible  to  increase  the  infrastructure  performance  by  distributing  the  processing  between  tiers  2  and  3  of  the  mooses  architecture,  considering  the  scenarios  presented  in  table  .  results  show  that  processing  time  decreases  for  both  interactive  applications  when  we  combine  tier  2  and  tier  3.  when  we  increase  tier  2  with  three  devices  and  distribute  the
__label__productinspection processing  between  tier  2  and  tier  3,  processing  time  decreases  by  1.27  compared  to  the  scenario  that  data  are  processed  only  in  tier  3.  when  we  increase  it  with  five  devices,  distributed  processing  is  1.54  shorter.  in  figure  ,  processing  time  using  tier  3  and  tier  2  with  five  embedded  devices  in  microfog  was  shorter  by  up  to  1.15  than  using  only  the  tier  3.  therefore,  microfog  plays  a  crucial  role  in  ensuring  the  efficiency  of  health  monitoring  systems  in  a  resourcepoor  environment.  figure  9:  the  behavior  discussed  is  similar  when  the  number  of  messages  is  evaluated  as  a  metric,
__label__productinspection as  in  figures  and  .  results  showed  that  the  proposed  mechanism  was  capable  of  increasing  the  efficiency  and  performance  of  data  processing  in  the  system.  the  mechanism  ensured  scalability,  allocating  data  for  processing  in  the  whole  infrastructure.  consequently,  the  number  of  messages  sent  by  both  interactive  applications  decreased  when  the  offloading  mechanism  was  applied.  in  particular,  offloading  has  a  greater  benefit  for  applications  with  higher  processing  power,  such  as  user  recognition  see  figure  .  therefore,  moose  sees  communication  gains  for  applications  with  high  figure  and  low  figure  processing  power.  moreover,  in  more  robust  data  input,  such  as  images,  data  offloading,
__label__productinspection and  fog  computing  had  a  greater  impact  on  the  performance  of  the  proposed  system.  figure  10:  this  work  presented  a  healthcare  system,  called  moose  microfog  offloading  system,  to  increase  performance  in  an  iotbased  microfog  using  data  offloading.  a  data  offloading  algorithm  was  developed  based  on  microfog  architecture  that  considered  the  architectural  limitations  of  its  devices.  the  synchronization  of  data  complexity  through  the  environment  achieved  high  data  processing  with  low  latency.  also,  moose  had  great  advantages  when  the  processing  was  distributed,  since  it  reduced  resource  competition  among  the  multiple  applications,  resulting  in  low  latency  and  fewer  transmissions  in  communication.  we  used
__label__productinspection two  interactive  applications  of  individualized  monitoring  to  validate  and  evaluate  our  system:  1  recognition  of  people  using  images  and  2  fall  detection  using  a  combination  of  sensors  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  on  a  smartwatch  and  smartphone.  results  have  shown  improvements  of  54  and  15  in  the  processing  time  of  the  user  recognition  and  fall  decision  applications,  respectively.  the  designed  system  was  able  to  provide  resources  and  improve  health  monitoring,  as  well  as  being  highly  accurate  in  identifying  individuals.  for  future  work,  the  evaluation  of  our  approach  will  explore  different  devices  and  sensors  in  specific  situations.  also,  new  techniques  of  data  offloading
__label__productinspection will  be  designed  to  improve  intelligence  in  the  monitoring  environment.  no  data  were  used  to  support  this  study.  the  authors  declare  that  they  have  no  conflicts  of  interest.  the  authors  would  like  to  thank  the  supporting  organizations  for  funding  this  work:  the  agency  coordenao  de  aperfeioamento  de  pessoal  de  nvel  superior  capes  and  the  grants  2016/258652  and  2017/236553  from  foundation  for  research  support  of  the  state  of  sao  paulofapesp.  proceedings  of  the  serp  distributed  computing,  artificial  intelligence,  bioinformatics,  soft  computing,  and  ambient  assisted  living  lecture  notes  in  computer  science  ieee  transactions  on  information  technology  in  biomedicine  future  generation  computer  systems
__label__productinspection ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  journal  of  cleaner  production  proceedings  of  the  ieee  28th  international  conference  on  advanced  information  networking  and  applications  computer  communications  acm  computing  surveys  ieee  journal  of  biomedical  and  health  informatics  proceedings  of  the  30th  annual  international  conference  of  the  ieee  engineering  in  medicine  and  biology  society  embs  computer  vision  and  image  understanding  proceedings  of  the  5th  international  conference  on  sensor  networks  sensornets  proceedings  of  the  1st  acm  mobile  cloud  computing  workshop  mcc  proceedings  of  the  ieee  conference  tencon  ieee  internet  computing  future  generation  computer  systems  proceedings  of  the  cloudification  of  the  internet  of  things  ciot  proceedings  of
__label__productinspection the  ieee  telemedicine  journal  and  ehealth:  the  official  journal  of  the  american  telemedicine  association  sensors  proceedings  of  the  innovations  in  intelligent  systems  and  applications  inista  journal  of  computer  science  journal  of  ambient  intelligence  and  humanized  computing  proceedings  of  the  33rd  brazilian  symposium  on  computer  networks  and  distributed  systems  sbrc  universal  access  in  the  information  society  ieee  intelligent  systems  proceedings  of  the  2017  global  information  infrastructure  and  networking  symposium  giis  ieee  transactions  on  multiscale  computing  systems  journal  on  advances  in  theoretical  and  applied  informatics  proceedings  of  the  10th  eai  international  conference  on  body  area  networks  acm  transactions  on  intelligent  systems  and
__label__productinspection technology  proceedings  of  the  simpsio  brasileiro  de  redes  de  computadores  e  sistemas  distribudos  sbrc  mq  telemetry  transport  proceedings  of  the  15th  ieee  annual  consumer  communications  and  networking  conference  ccnc  proceedings  of  the  33rd  brazilian  symposium  on  computer  networks  and  distributed  systems  sbrc  proceedings  of  the  simpsio  brasileiro  de  redes  de  computadores  sbrc  proceedings  of  the  ieee  computer  society,  computer  vision  and  pattern  recognition  workshops  proceedings  of  the  11th  ieee  international  conference  on  networking,  sensing  and  control  icnsc  sensors  journal  of  the  royal  statistical  society  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__productinspection tech  breakthrough  is  a  leading  market  intelligence  organization  that  helps  bold  thinkers  share  their  informed  ideas  and  groundbreaking  innovation  with  the  audiences  that  matter.  our  independent  market  intelligence,  research  and  recognition  programs  help  innovative  companies,  people  and  productsbreak  through  the  most  competitive  technology  sectors.  tech  breakthrough  is  a  leading  market  intelligence  organization  that  helps  bold  thinkers  share  their  informed  ideas  and  groundbreaking  innovation  with  the  audiences  that  matter.  our  independent  market  intelligence,  research  and  recognition  programs  help  innovative  companies,  people  and  productsbreak  through  the  most  competitive  technology  sectors.  the  mission  of  tech  breakthrough  is  to  research,  analyze  and  highlight  the
__label__productinspection leaders  and  innovators  in  the  worlds  most  competitive  technology  sectors  today.  tech  breakthrough  is  fiercely  driven  by  a  desire  to  make  business  impact  above  and  beyond  anything  you  might  have  expected  traditional  analyst  and  marketing  firms.  we  develop  and  implement  custom  research  and  recognition  strategies  that  are  about  more  than  just  data  collection,  truly  helping  our  clients  achieve  their  commercial  objectives.  tech  breakthrough  internet  of  things  analyzing  industry  leading  iot  companies,  products  and  people  in  home  automation,  connected  car,  wearables,  industrial  and  enterprise  iot,  m2m  and  beyond.  digital  health  medtech  analyzing  leading  medtech  companies,  products  and  people  in  healthcare  technology,
__label__productinspection patient  engagement,  medical  devices,  electronic  health  records,  health  fitness  and  beyond.  cybersecurity  recognizing  the  worlds  best  information  security  companies,  products  and  people,  including  cloud  security,  threat  detection,  vulnerability  management,  fraud  prevention  and  more.  fintech  focused  on  leading  fintech  companies,  products  and  people  in  lending,  wealth  management,  payments,  banking,  regtech,  insurtech  and  more.  mobile  wireless  analyzing  the  worlds  best  mobile  and  wireless  companies,  products  and  people,  including  telecommunications,  smartphone  tech,  wifi  and  wlan  technologies,  5g  and  more.  martech  researching  the  worlds  best  advertising,  sales  and  marketing  technology  companies,  products  and  people,  from  marketing  automation  to  programmatic  marketing,  content  marketing,  personalization  and
__label__productinspection beyond.  artificial  intelligence  researching  he  worlds  best  ai  companies,  products  and  people,  including  machine  learning,  bots,  robotics,  automation  and  more.  data  tech  analyzing  the  worlds  best  data  technologies,  solutions  and  companies  in  the  areas  of  data  analysis,  big  data,  data  visualization  and  more.  edtech  analyzing  the  worlds  most  innovative  educational  technologies,  including  student  engagement,  stem  education,  online  learning,  nextgen  schools  and  more.  auto  transportation  tech  analyzing  the  leaders  of  automotive  and  transpiration  technologies  around  the  world,  from  autonomous  driving  to  driver  safety  and  beyond.  approach  do  you  have  a  breakthrough  technology  product  or  service?  consider  submitting  it  for  the  tech
__label__productinspection empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  shape  the  future  with  the  internet  of  things  iot.  make  things  happen.  organizations  across  all  industries  are  using  azure  iot  to  invent  new  lines  of  business,  improve  productivity,  and  reduce  waste  by  using  ai  and  machine  learning  to  quickly  process  massive  quantities  of  data  from  all  kinds  of  iot  devices.  to  view  this  video  please  enable  javascript,  and  consider  upgrading  to  a  web  browser  that  supports  html5  video.  azure  iot  is  built  on  decades  of  microsoft  enterprise  experience  and  is  designed  to  be  accessible  for  all  organizations.  no  matter  your  industry  or  the  size  of
__label__productinspection your  organization,  or  whether  youre  working  with  a  partner  or  on  your  own,  azure  iot  has  all  of  the  devices,  tools,  data  analytics,  and  security  capabilities  you  need  to  achieve  your  iot  goals.  predicted  usd  spend  on  iot  by  manufacturers  by  average  increase  operating  income  among  the  more  digitally  transformed  enterprises  percentage  of  businesses  projected  to  be  using  iot  by  the  end  of  2021  microsoft  has  committed  to  investing  5  billion  in  us  dollars  in  iot  research  and  the  intelligent  edgeadding  new  services  and  features  to  azure  iot,  but  also  driving  business  strategy  and  executive  leadership  discussions  to  define  success
__label__productinspection in  the  age  of  intelligence.  heres  what  were  learning.  read  the  iot  signals  report  to  get  a  bigpicture  look  at  the  changing  opportunities  in  iot,  how  various  industries  can  learn  from  each  others  implementations,  what  the  current  and  future  challenges  are,  and  how  definitions  of  iot  success  may  change  in  the  coming  years.  businesses  in  every  industryfrom  manufacturing  to  agriculture  to  healthcareare  transforming  the  way  they  do  business  with  iot.  explore  realworld  examples  of  how  companies  in  a  variety  of  industries  solved  their  business  challenges  using  iot.  we  see  iot  as  a  strategic,  competitive  advantage.  were  improving  the  efficiency  and
__label__productinspection cost  structure  of  our  business,  which  enables  us  to  build  more  products  at  more  competitive  prices.  when  it  comes  to  iot,  there  is  huge  potential  to  deliver  value  to  the  food  and  feed  processing  industry.  using  microsofts  azure  iot  hub  technology,  were  able  to  synchronize  realtime  data  from  customers  equipment  from  tag  to  the  azure  environment.  instead  of  having  to  do  a  periodic  checkup  and  react  when  a  problem  occurs,  iot  triggers  the  eamautomated  maintenance  process  when  the  system  notices  a  problem.  tirematics  sends  data  and  alerts  directly  to  the  manager.  this  allows  us  to  respond  to  problems  quickly  without
__label__productinspection having  to  wait  for  the  drivers  report.  the  ability  to  automate  these  transactions  across  thousands  of  machines  and  countless  miles  is  transformational  for  this  industry.  now  all  parties  involved  can  have  immediate  electronic  records  of  transactions,  real  accountability  in  these  remote  locations,  immediate  awareness  for  maintenance  and  diagnostics,  and  new  levels  of  information  about  every  transaction.  over  the  coming  decade,  we  plan  to  drill  thousands  of  new  wells  and  build  dozens  of  new  facilities.  its  challenging  to  keep  up  with  that  pace,  but  with  azure,  we  have  the  digital  technology  to  help  support  our  growth  in  a  manageable  and  sustainable
__label__productinspection way.  accelerate  the  creation  of  iot  solutions,  and  reduce  the  burden  and  cost  of  iot  management  operations  and  development.  build  customized  iot  solutions  for  any  industry  vertical  by  using  common  use  case  templates  with  proven  results.  create  better  experiences  by  moving  workloads  from  the  cloud  to  edge  devices.  connect,  manage,  and  scale  billions  of  iot  devices  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud.  build  nextgeneration  iot  spatial  intelligence  solutions  by  replicating  real  physical  spaces.  build  new  devices  and  connect  existing  equipment  more  securely  with  layered,  endtoend  security  features.  gain  actionable  insights  for  growth  by  analyzing,  storing,  and  managing  all  of  the
__label__productinspection data  you  collect.  add  spatial  analytics,  maps,  and  mobility  solutions  to  your  apps  with  securelocation  apis.  find  the  resources  you  need  to  get  started  and  work  through  technical  challenges  whether  youre  new  to  iot  or  a  seasoned  professional  looking  to  stay  at  the  top  of  your  game,  find  the  information,  learning  materials,  and  resources  to  start  building  your  iot  solutions  get  customized  or  readytouse  solutions  find  an  app  integrate  customized  iot  solutions  with  your  existing  systems.  find  a  system  integrator  si  use  azure  certified  for  iot  partners  for  simplified  device  connectivity  and  security.  find  a  hardware  partner  offer  your  deep
__label__productinspection knowledge  to  help  deliver  the  right  iot  solution  to  your  customers.  create  and  sell  customized  or  readytouse  iot  software  and  services  in  your  area  or  industry  of  expertise.  become  a  si  or  an  isv  partner  help  ease  device  connectivity  and  security  as  an  azure  certified  for  iot  partner.  become  a  device  partner  get  powerful  protection  for  your  new  and  existing  mcupowered  devices  with  .  help  ensure  that  data  transmitted  from  device  to  hub  is  confidential,  tamperproof,  and  authenticated.  improve  data  security  in  the  cloud,  at  the  edge,  and  everywhere  in  between.  keystone  strategy  interviews  october  2015  march  2016;  incremental  operating
__label__productinspection from  connected  homes  to  cities  to  international  industrial  applications,  it  is  no  longer  possible  to  consider  the  internet  of  things  iot  as  a  novelty.  the  world  of  iot  crossed  the  six  billion  connected  endpoints  mark  in  2016,  according  to  .  every  day  over  five  million  new  things  are  being  connected.  it  has  been  projected  that  by  2020,  the  world  will  have  over  20  billion  connected  devices  thats  around  three  smart  objects  for  every  single  person  on  the  planet.  healthcare,  smart  city,  consumer  electronics,  industrial,  payments  and  numerous  other  verticals  are  developing  services  that  rely  on  an  iot  infrastructure.  security  is
__label__productinspection a  core  inherent  requirement  to  deliver  safe  and  reliable  iot  services  spanning  from  the  cloud  to  connected  devices.  each  iot  ecosystem  needs  to  assess  its  security  requirements  and  its  potential  for  impacting  the  security  of  other  systems  and  determine  the  appropriate  level  of  security  that  should  be  implemented.  for  those  systems  that  impact  life  safety  or  the  functioning  of  critical  infrastructure,  the  smart  card  alliance  advocates  the  addition  of  embedded  security  in  iot  devices.  embedded  hardware  security,  among  other  embedded  security  techniques,  can  protect  the  identity  of  each  device,  to  prevent  unauthorized  tampering  with  how  these  devices  are  designed  to
__label__productinspection work,  and  to  protect  the  privacy  and  security  of  the  vast  amount  of  data  the  devices  generate.  a  principle  behind  the  security  of  smart  chips  is  that  the  chips  not  only  control  how  the  devices  perform  under  normal  conditions,  but  also  control  how  the  devices  react  when  they  are  attacked  or  tampered  with  in  any  way,  including  selfdestruction.  applying  embedded  security  techniques,  including  hardwarebased  as  already  proven  and  implemented  for  other  security  use  cases  can  deliver  security  mechanisms  for  the  billions  of  connected  iot  devices.  this  white  paper  was  developed  by  the  secure  technology  alliance  payments  council  to  provide  a
__label__productinspection primer  on  blockchain  technology,  discuss  use  cases  that  are  currently  commercially  available  or  being  piloted,  and  discuss  the  role  secure  element/smart  card  technology  plays  in  the  different  use  cases.  this  white  paper  was  developed  by  the  secure  technology  alliance  iot  security  council  to  describe  the  value  of  embedded  hardware  security  in  end  devices  used  in  iot  applications.  this  white  paper  was  developed  by  the  secure  technology  alliance  payments  council  to  provide  an  educational  resource  on  the  wearables  landscape,  focusing  on  iso/iec  14443/secure  elementbased  implementations,  and  to  discuss  key  considerations  for  implementing  payments  in  wearables.  this  white  paper  was  developed  by
__label__productinspection the  secure  technology  alliance  iot  security  council  and  payments  council  to  provide  a  resource  for  the  industry  that  outlines  the  current  market  landscape  for  implementing  payments  with  iot  devices  and  provides  guidance  for  developing  iot  applications  that  will  include  payment.  the  secure  technology  alliance  iotsecurityconnection.com  content  portal  provides  educational  resources  and  guidance  for  implementing  secure  iot  architectures  using  embedded  security  and  privacy  technology.  the  portal  features  relevant  news,  resources,  expert  commentary  and  thought  leadership  on  the  security  and  privacy  of  iot  for  technology  and  service  providers,  it  and  security  experts,  integrators,  consultants  and  iot  enthusiasts.  the  secure  technology  alliance  iot
__label__productinspection developers  have  the  opportunity  to  provide  solutions  for  medtech  systems,  medical  devices,  hospital  facilities,  the  healthcare  supply  chain  and  android  devices.  internet  of  things  iot  adoption  is  exploding  in  healthcare.  found  that  60  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  used  iot  technology  in  2016,  and  that  number  was  forecast  to  climb  to  85  percent  in  2019.  chris  sullivan,  global  healthcare  practice  lead  for  ,  sees  several  areas  where  iot  technology  is  benefitting  healthcare  providers  and  where  opportunities  exist  for  isvs  and  software  developers.  the  medtech  industry  is  looking  for  assistance  from  software  developers  to  connect  their  products  to  healthcare  iot  networks.  they
__label__productinspection have  decades  of  experience  building  devices,  but  not  as  much  experience  on  the  software  side,  sullivan  explains.  there  are  definitely  opportunities  here  for  software  developers.  moreover,  many  medical  devices  and  medtech  systems  are  standalone  solutions  that  dont  integrate  with  each  other  or  with  a  healthcare  organizations  ehr  system.  not  only  does  this  make  using  and  maintaining  systems  more  complex,  but  it  also  tends  to  silo  data.  a  doctor  or  nurse  with  many  patients  is  managing  many  things  at  one  time.  its  not  effective  to  funnel  independent  data  streams  to  them,  sullivan  says.  also,  data  from  one  device  may  not  provide
__label__productinspection a  clear  picture  of  a  patients  status,  but  data  from  a  combination  of  devices  may  quickly  reveal  it.  its  also  beneficial  to  provide  a  hierarchy  to  alerts  determining  whats  critical  and  what  could  be  handled  by  support  staff,  he  adds.  analytics  is  an  area  that  holds  a  lot  of  promise,  but  also  requires  a  great  deal  of  work.  consumers  have  adopted  a  variety  of  wearable  devices  or  apps  that  help  them  monitor  their  activity,  sleep  patterns,  heart  rate,  or  other  metrics.  however,  sullivan  comments,  this  is  just  the  beginning.  for  the  most  part,  wearables  just  provide  data.  there  hasnt  been
__label__productinspection much  progress  on  using  them  to  manage  health.  software  developers  can  integrate  data  from  wearables  with  national  databases,  standards,  and  other  resources  to  provide  information,  guidance  and  health  coaching.  sullivan  points  out  that  the  physical  environment  is  just  as  critical  to  healing  and  patient  safety  as  other  aspects  of  hospital  operations.  electrical,  hvac,  communications  infrastructure,  building  maintenance  monitoring  and  management  are  all  essential  to  a  facilitys  ability  to  support  care.  although  there  are  providers  who  are  laserfocused  on  supporting  healthcare  facilities  unique  requirements,  there  may  be  opportunities  to  enhance  the  environment  of  care  with  new  iot  solutions,  such  as  smart
__label__productinspection lighting.  led  lighting  can  recognize  that  a  person  enters  a  room  or  trigger  an  alert.  realtime  locationing  of  people  and  things,  using  light  and  motion  sensors  is  an  interesting  concept,  says  sullivan.  for  the  same  investment  in  lighting,  you  get  double  value  for  it.  but  its  not  wellfunctioning  yet.  isvs  can  provide  some  help  there.  iot  can  provide  value  to  supply  chains  across  the  entire  spectrum  of  verticals,  but  for  healthcare,  it  can  address  the  challenge  of  replenishment  at  the  point  of  care.  no  hospital  ever  wants  a  stock  out,  so  they  keep  too  much  in  stock,  sullivan  says.  without
__label__productinspection an  intelligent  system,  the  hospital  may  experience  more  waste  than  necessary  due  to  products  expiring,  and  managing  product  recalls  can  be  more  complicated.  hospitals  can  benefit  from  machinetomachine  automation,  tracking  and  replenishment  capabilities  as  consumption  occurs,  he  says.  with  windows  mobile  phasing  out,  there  is  a  strong  upsurge  in  android  for  healthcare  mobility.  sullivan  explains  that  although  ios  is  popular  among  physicians,  issues  with  interoperability  and  upgrades  limit  its  use.  historically,  ios  has  been  used  for  simpler  applications  like  texting  and  messaging,  sullivan  says.  now,  healthcare  organizations  want  to  connect  mobile  devices  to  smart  medical  equipment.  androids  open  nature  makes
__label__productinspection it  easier  to  connect  than  ios.  android  mobile  is  a  real  opportunity  for  isvs.  security,  in  general,  represents  another  opportunity  for  isvs  and  software  developers.  iot  devices  can  be  a  security  nightmare,  comments  sullivan.  each  can  be  an  entry  point  for  hackers.  healthcare  industry  leaders  at  zebras  himss  event  and  challenged  isvs  to  accelerate  the  development  of  security  solutions  for  iot.  sullivan  says  that  the  healthcare  technology  industrys  giant  names  can  be  intimidating,  but  there  is  definitely  opportunity  to  penetrate  the  market.  it  may  be  hard  to  align  with  major  players,  but  there  are  a  lot  of  midtier  companies  that
__label__productinspection dont  have  the  software  depth  and  need  outside  help,  he  says.  furthermore,  depending  on  the  application,  you  may  not  need  clinical  or  healthcare  knowledge  to  work  with  them.  offers  and  what  it  could  mean  for  your  business.
__label__productinspection the  rise  of  iot  is  resulting  in  some  exciting  advancements  in  the  21st  century.  although  its  often  associated  with  manufacturing,  warehousing  and  smart  factories  of  the  future,  the  iot  isnt  constrained  to  these  niches.  in  the  healthcare  and  medical  sectors,  too,  including:  few  things  are  as  dull  and  boring  as  a  visit  to  the  emergency  room.  apart  from  the  resulting  medical  expenses,  emergency  room  visits  can  sometimes  take  hours  to  complete.  thanks  to  some  recent  ingenuity  and  the  iot,  at  least  one  hospital  mt.  sinai  medical  center  in  new  york  city  effectively  slashed  wait  times  for  50  of  their  emergency
__label__productinspection room  patients  who  are  in  need  of  inpatient  care.  its  their  partnership  with  ge  healthcare  and  new,  iotdriven  software,  ,  that  tracks  occupancy  among  1,200  units  and  factors  in  15  different  metrics  to  assess  the  needs  of  individual  patients.  its  a  highly  effective  system  that  highlights  some  of  the  more  innovative  and  exciting  uses  of  the  iot.  in  some  cases,  patients  dont  even  have  to  visit  an  emergency  room  or  hospital.  one  of  the  most  obvious  and  popular  applications  of  healthcare  and  the  sometimes  known  as  telehealth.  not  only  does  it  minimize  costs  and  eliminate  the  need  for  some  visitations,
__label__productinspection but  it  helps  by  sparing  them  the  inconvenience  of  travel.  if  a  patient  has  limited  mobility  or  depends  on  public  transportation,  something  as  simple  as  this  can  make  a  world  of  difference.  modern  hospitals  require  nextgen  software  and  hardware  to  function  some  are  even  used  to  save  or  sustain  human  life.  like  all  electronic  devices,  this  equipment  is  prone  to  numerous  risks  from  power  outages  to  system  failures  that  could  be  a  matter  of  life  or  death.  a  ,  called  ealert,  aims  to  solve  that  problem.  instead  of  waiting  for  a  device  to  fail,  philips  new  system  takes  a  proactive
__label__productinspection approach  by  virtually  monitoring  medical  hardware  and  alerting  hospital  staff  members  if  theres  a  problem.  philips  recently  unveiled  the  product  through  a  collaborative  effort  with  openmarket.  safety  is  the  utmost  concern  of  any  hospital  or  medical  facility  or  at  least  it  should  be.  its  hard  to  maintain  the  maximum  amount  of  security  without  the  ability  to  track  assets  staff  members,  patients  and  hardware  throughout  the  building.  its  a  task  thats  easily  achieved  in  smaller  institutions,  but  what  about  larger  facilities  that  feature  multiple  structures  and  campuses  as  well  as  thousands  of  patients  and  staff  members?  many  are  turning  to  the
__label__productinspection to  facilitate  asset  tracking.  not  only  is  it  an  inexpensive  method  of  monitoring  daytoday  activities  in  a  hospital  setting,  but  its  unobtrusive,  effective  and  cuttingedge.  one  of  the  most  exciting  breakthroughs  regarding  healthcare  and  iot  comes  in  .  it  seems  like  a  work  of  science  fiction  but  pills  containing  microscopic  sensors  that  are  the  size  of  a  grain  of  rice  can  send  a  signal  to  an  external  device  usually  a  patch  worn  on  the  body,  to  ensure  proper  dosage  and  usage.  such  information  could  be  invaluable  when  it  comes  to  ensuring  patients  remember  to  take  their  prescriptions  and  even  when
__label__productinspection prescribing  future  medications.  patients  also  have  access  to  the  information,  through  a  handy  smartphone  app,  to  track  their  personal  performance  and  improve  their  habits.  recurring  health  problems  are  never  exciting,  but  big  breakthroughs  are  being  made  in  the  treatment  of  such  issues  and  much  of  it  is  a  direct  result  of  the  iot.  there  isnt  one  innovation  or  device  thats  helping  in  the  21st  century  its  the  combination  of  wearable  tech,  nextgen  analytics  and  mobile  connectivity.  utilities  like  fitbit  use  the  iot  to  monitor  personal  health  such  information  can  be  shared  with  a  doctor  to  help  solve  recurring  issues.  a
__label__productinspection company  called  health  net  connect  recently  established  a  population  diabetic  management  program  with  a  goal  of  improving  clinical  treatment  and  reducing  medical  costs  for  patients  and  theyve  already  produced  some  exciting  results.  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  reach  every  human  being  on  the  planet  at  one  time  or  another  in  their  lifetimes.  its  gone  from  the  modern  factory  floor  to  techdriven  hospitals  and  medical  facilities  in  a  very  short  amount  of  time,  and  its  a  development  that  is  already  transforming  the  industry  of  healthcare  it.  theres  no  doubt  that  it  will  continue  to  do  so  as  the  technology  continues
__label__productinspection the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__productinspection the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__productinspection for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__productinspection 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__productinspection internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__productinspection and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__productinspection focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__productinspection segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__productinspection outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__productinspection include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__productinspection better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__productinspection data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__productinspection globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__productinspection a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__productinspection leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__productinspection speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__productinspection and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__productinspection is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__productinspection miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__productinspection its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__productinspection and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__productinspection surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__productinspection of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__productinspection illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__productinspection recaptcha  youre  not  going  to  hit  a  ridiculously  long  phone  menu  when  you  call  us.  your  email  isnt  going  to  the  inbox  abyss,  never  to  be  seen  or  heard  from  again.  at  existek,  we  provide  the  exceptional  service  and  communication  wed  want  to  experience  ourselves  tell  us  about  your  needs  required  fields.
__label__productinspection the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  penn  state  university,  malvern,  pa  19355  penn  state  university,  malvern,  pa  19355  widener  university,  chester,  pa  19013  nist,  gaithersburg  md,  20899  the  nature  of  healthcare  and  the  computational  and  physical  technologies  and  constraints  present  a  number  of  challenges  to  systems  designers  and  implementers.  in  spite  of  the  challenges,  there  is  a  significant  market  for  systems  and  products  to  support  caregivers  in  their  tasks  as  the  number  of  people  needing  assistance  grows  substantially.  in  this  paper  we  present  a  structured  approach  for  describing  internet  of  things  for  healthcare  systems.  we  illustrate  the  approach
__label__productinspection for  three  use  cases  and  discuss  relevant  quality  issues  that  arise,  in  particular,  the  need  to  consider  caring  as  a  requirement.  a  healthcare  application  involves  delivering  patient  care  across  the  healthcare  continuum  i.e.  hospital,  homecare,  longterm  care  facility.  healthcare  applications  that  are  connected  to  the  internet;  also  referred  to  as  internet  of  things  iot  applications  in  health  care,  have  been  widely  forecast,  investigated,  and  even  deployed  on  a  small  scale.  for  example,  some  hospitals  have  begun  implementing  smart  beds  that  can  detect  when  they  are  occupied  and  when  a  patient  is  attempting  to  get  up,  sending  this  information  over  the
__label__productinspection network/internet  to  nurses  .  the  beds  can  also  selfadjust  to  ensure  that  appropriate  pressure  and  support  is  applied  to  the  patient  without  having  to  be  manually  adjusted  by  the  nurses.  another  area  where  smart  technology  is  being  discussed  as  an  asset  is  coupled  with  home  medication  dispensers  to  automatically  upload  data  to  the  cloud  when  medication  is  not  taken  or  any  other  indicators  for  which  the  care  team  should  be  alerted  .  the  ieee  iot  community  defines  the  iot  as:  a  selfconfiguring  and  adaptive  system  consisting  of  networks  of  sensors  and  smart  objects  whose  purpose  is  to  interconnect  all  things,
__label__productinspection including  every  day  and  industrial  objects,  in  such  a  way  as  to  make  them  intelligent,  programmable  and  more  capable  of  interacting  with  humans  .  according  to  information  technology  researcher  gartner  ,  there  are  more  than  6.4  billion  devices  connected  to  the  internet  excluding  tablets,  cellphones  and  computers.  that  number  is  projected  to  hit  20.8  billion  devices  by  2020,  as  everything  from  a  coffee  maker  to  a  kid  toy  is  hooked  up.  because  it  is  constantly  growing  and  changing,  it  is  often  more  useful  to  discuss  a  purpose  built  system  within  the  iot,  referred  to  as  a  network  of  things  not
__label__productinspection .  a  not  can  be  described  by  five  primitives  proposed  by  voas  :  sensor  an  electronic  utility  that  digitally  measures  physical  properties  such  as  temperature,  acceleration,  weight,  sound  e.g.  cameras  and  microphones,  aggregator  a  software  implementation  based  on  mathematical  functions  that  transforms  groups  of  raw  data  into  intermediate  data.  two  actors  in  conjunction  with  aggregator  are:  cluster  is  an  abstract  grouping  of  sensors  that  can  appear  and  disappear  instantaneously.  weight  is  the  degree  to  which  a  particular  sensors  data  will  impact  an  aggregators  computation.  communication  channel  any  medium  by  which  data  is  transmitted  e.g.  wireless  or  wired,  external  utility  eutility
__label__productinspection a  software  or  hardware  product  or  service  which  executes  processes  or  feeds  data  into  the  overall  dataflow  of  the  network  of  things  not,  decision  trigger  creates  the  final  result  or  results  from  data  concentrations  and  any  other  data  needed  to  satisfy  the  purpose  and  requirements  of  a  specific  not  .  the  nature  of  healthcare  and  the  computational  and  physical  technologies  and  constraints  present  a  number  of  challenges  to  systems  designers  and  implementers.  these  challenges  are  complex  and  include  the  following  concerns:  political  e.g.  funding,  mandates,  behavioral  i.e.  desired  functionality,  physical  e.g.  available  technology,  communications  e.g.  available  channels,  logical  e.g.  analytics,
__label__productinspection languages,  tools,  structural  e.g.  patterns  of  architecture  and  design,  ethical  e.g.  governmental  privacy  protection  standards.  for  example,  in  2013  the  u.s.  food  and  drug  administration  fda  released  its  rule  for  unique  device  identification  system  for  medical  devices,  which  will  help  in  organizing  adverse  event  reporting  by  making  recalls  more  straightforward  in  an  effort  to  improve  patient  safety  .  the  rule  centers  around  two  core  items,  the  first  of  which  requires  a  unique  number  to  be  assigned  to  every  model  of  a  medical  device.  secondly,  the  rule  will  create  a  public  database  of  medical  devices.  the  fda  hopes  these  steps  will
__label__productinspection help  to  more  quickly  identify  specific  medical  device  malfunctions  and  assess  whether  a  recall  is  needed  .  in  spite  of  the  challenges,  there  is  a  significant  market  for  systems  and  products  to  support  caregivers  in  their  tasks  as  the  number  of  people  needing  assistance  grows  substantially.  for  example,  it  is  projected  that  by  2020,  the  number  of  americans  who  are  expected  to  need  assistance  of  some  kind  to  be  117  million,  yet  the  overall  number  of  unpaid  caregivers  e.g.  family  members  is  only  expected  to  reach  45  million.  that  makes  one  unpaid  caregiver  for  every  2.6  persons  needing  assistance  .
__label__productinspection therefore,  a  large  market  opportunity  is  presented  by  those  people  who  are  online  and  connected,  and  who  would  make  use  of  technology  that  is  intuitive  and  consumerfriendly  to  provide  care.  yet,  there  is  not  enough  technology  that  can  meet  caregiving  needs.  according  to  a  recent  study  conducted  by  project  catalyst  and  the  health  innovation  technology  laboratory  hitlab  to  better  understand  how  caregivers  are  currently  using  technology  ,  an  average  of  71.5  of  caregivers  reported  that  they  are  interested  in  using  technology  across  17  tested  caregiving  tasks  if  such  technology  exists.  in  this  paper  we  present  a  structured  approach  for  describing
__label__productinspection nots  for  healthcare  by  defining  general  classes  of  system  types,  classifying  the  healthcare  delivery  settings,  then  using  the  structured  approach  to  describing  the  elements  for  a  particular  use  case.  we  illustrate  the  approach  for  three  use  cases  and  discuss  certain  issues  that  arise.  we  also  discuss  considerations  for  dominant  quality  requirements  in  iots  for  healthcare.  healthcare  can  be  delivered  in  three  broadbased  setting  types:  acute  care,  communitybased  care  and  longterm  care.  acute  care  refers  to  a  hospital  setting  where  the  caregivers  are  paid  health  care  professionals.  communitybased  care  is  delivered  in  a  home  setting,  where  the  patient  is  living  in
__label__productinspection his  or  her  own  or  anothers  home  and  where  caregivers  are  either  paid  professionals  or  unpaid  family  members  or  friends.  longterm  care  refers  to  nursing  homes,  or  other  skilled  nursing  facilities  where  patients  reside  for  weeks,  months,  years  or  for  the  remainder  of  their  lives  and  where  caregivers  are  paid  professionals.  iots  can  be  used  to  collect  patient  and  other  data  in  these  settings,  and  aggregate  the  data  using  analytics  and  then  reporting  this  information  to  caregivers  and/or  take  some  action  such  as  shutting  down  a  faulty  medical  device.  it  would  be  futile  to  try  to  enumerate  all  conceivable  iot
__label__productinspection applications  in  healthcare  since  after  completing  any  list  new  applications  will  be  innovated.  instead  we  define  three  classes  of  use  cases  of  healthcare  iots:  a  tracking  humans  e.g.  patients,  caregivers,  and  family  members,  b  tracking  things  e.g.  medical  devices,  supplies,  and  specimens,  c  tracking  humans  and  things.  class  a  systems  involve  tracking  humans  data  e.g.  patients,  caregivers,  family  members  using  iot  devices.  perhaps  the  most  mature  field  for  iot  in  health  care  is  patient  datagathering.  currently,  telemetry  monitors  can  automatically  measure  and  send  or  upload  ekg  stats,  core  body  temperature  cbt,  blood  pressure,  urine  output,  etc.  by  monitoring  these  vital
__label__productinspection signs,  healthcare  professionals  can  detect  and  start  care  earlier  for  infectious  disease,  cancer,  heart  failure,  etc.  another  example  in  this  class  involves  tracking  the  physical  location  of  patients  in  any  setting  acute,  longterm,  home.  from  tracking  wandering  patients  admitted  to  er  to  tracking  patients  with  dementia,  the  iot  could  geolocate  patients  with  alzheimers  disease,  or  selfdestructive  behaviors  such  as  bulimia,  cutting,  or  suicidal  tendencies.  such  tracking  can  already  be  accomplished  with  commercial  gps  bracelets,  but  local  proximity  sensors  connected  through  internet  or  cloud  based  technologies  could  allow  tracking  inside  of  the  facility  or  home,  or  outside  these  where  gps  signals
__label__productinspection may  not  reach.  additionally  health  care  providers  working  in  high  risk  areas,  such  as  mental  health  care,  may  benefit  from  tracking  for  security  reasons.  the  second  class  of  systems  involves  tracking  things  in  a  healthcare  setting  in  realtime.  these  could  include  medical  devices,  supplies,  specimens  and  more.  for  example  certain  shared  equipment  found  in  hospitals  is  scarce  e.g.  ekg  machines,  intravenous  pumps,  intermittent  pressure  devices  for  prevention  of  thrombosis.  nurses  and  hospital  staff  may  sometimes  store  the  equipment  so  that  they  can  access  it  when  needed,  however  this  can  create  a  problem  if  another  unit  is  in  need  of  this
__label__productinspection equipment  but  cannot  locate  it.  iot  could  be  used  to  track  the  location  of  such  equipment.  for  example  airfinder  is  a  realtime  location  system  for  hospitals  and  other  enterprises  that  uses  symphony  link  technology  to  track  supplies  in  an  operating  room  or  throughout  an  entire  hospital  or  facility.  in  acute  settings;  future  iot  technology  can  also  provide  an  analysis  of  the  use  patterns  of  hospital  supplies  or  devices  to  assist  particular  units  in  documenting  use  and  need  for  additional  equipment  and  acuity  of  patients.  in  a  communitybased  setting  sensors  could  be  placed  to  monitor  usage  patterns.  for  example,  oxygen  tanks
__label__productinspection or  medication  administration  devices;  iot  could  assist  in  tracking  the  usage  and  need  for  replacement  of  supplies.  most  equipment  has  alarm  features  for  various  exceptions  e.g.  readings  exceed  limits,  refill,  failure,  time  to  calibrate,  etc..  frequent  equipment  alarms  can  cause  nurses  and  staff  to  become  desensitized  to  the  alarms  so  called  alarm  fatigue  such  that  they  do  not  react  quickly  enough  to  deal  with  the  exception.  a  not  could  be  used  to  help  differentiate  these  alarms  for  more  effective  response  scenarios  and  send  the  alarm  to  the  appropriate  health  care  providers  who  should  respond.  the  applications  in  class  c  involve
__label__productinspection a  hybrid  of  classes  a  and  b.  taking  the  dimensions  of  care  settings  and  iot  application  classes  yields  9  general  use  cases:  acute  a,  b,  c,  longterm  a,  b,  c,  home  a,  b,  c.  to  illustrate  how  the  general  framework  helps  describe  these  healthcare  iot  applications,  we  consider  three  use  cases  involving:  a  patient  with  an  alcoholic  addiction,  a  patient  with  alzheimers  disease,  and  staff  or  patient  safety  issue  or  concerns  in  a  hospital  setting  in  each  case  we  describe  the  situation  from  a  healthcare  providers  perspective  then  using  the  framework  established,  showing  how  a  specialized  iot  could  assist  in
__label__productinspection monitoring  and  patient  care.  alcoholism  is  a  longterm  chronic  disease  in  which  a  person  has  developed  an  unhealthy  dependence  on  alcohol  .  in  the  u.s.,  there  are  close  to  14  million  people  who  are  either  alcohol  abusers  or  alcoholics  .  fortunately,  no  matter  how  severe  the  problem  may  seem,  most  people  with  an  alcohol  use  disorder  can  benefit  from  some  form  of  treatment.  research  shows  that  about  onethird  of  people  who  are  treated  for  alcohol  problems  have  no  further  symptoms  1  year  later.  many  others  substantially  reduce  their  drinking  and  report  fewer  alcoholrelated  problems  .  in  the  early  stages  of
__label__productinspection the  treatment  phase,  a  patient  may  suffer  from  alcohol  withdrawal  syndrome  aws,  which  refers  to  the  set  of  symptoms  that  occur  when  a  heavy  drinker  suddenly  stops  or  significantly  reduces  their  alcohol  intake.  with  aws,  a  patient  may  experience  a  combination  of  physical  and  emotional  symptoms  which  include  one  or  more  of  the  following  :  anxiety  or  jumpiness  depression  shakiness  or  trembling  irritability  sweating  fatigue  nausea  and  vomiting  loss  of  appetite  insomnia  headache  some  symptoms  of  aws  can  be  as  severe  as  hallucinations  and  seizures.  at  its  most  extreme,  aws  can  be  lifethreatening.  detecting  the  degree  of  severity  of  these
__label__productinspection symptoms  is  essential  to  adjust  the  treatment.  matching  the  right  therapy  to  the  individual  is  important  to  its  success.  no  single  treatment  will  benefit  everyone  in  the  alcoholism  case.  many  of  the  above  aws  symptoms  could  potentially  be  monitored  using  a  specialized  not  or  noninternetenabled  analytics.  for  example,  a  patient  with  aws  needs  to  be  carefully  monitored  regarding  trembling  and  irregular  movement.  sensors  can  be  strategically  placed  in  the  patients  home  and  used  to  pick  up  on  accelerated  and  irregular  walking  or  movement  activity  as  compared  to  walking  or  moving  at  a  normal  pace.  in  addition  a  patient  can  be
__label__productinspection monitored  for  episodes  of  vomiting  by  observing  instances  of  bathroom  use  via  an  iot.  a  sensor  that  can  detect  the  odor  of  vomit  could  provide  additional  cues  in  the  diagnosis  and  management  of  the  aws  patient  in  homecare  settings.  a  not  system  can  render  a  decision  on  the  existence  of  aws  symptoms  and  the  degree  of  such  symptoms.  if  a  patient  has  mild  to  moderate  withdrawal  symptoms,  a  healthcare  provider  may  prefer  to  continue  the  treatment  in  an  outpatient  setting  while  prescribing  some  medications  to  reduce  the  severity  of  the  symptoms,  especially  if  a  patient  has  supportive  family  and  friends.
__label__productinspection if  the  symptoms  are  extremely  severe,  then  the  system  may  alert  the  case  as  a  medical  emergency  that  requires  an  acute  setting.  depicts  a  simple  construct  for  an  aws  patient  in  a  longterm  or  home  care  setting  using  an  iot.  aws  use  case  construct  e  alzheimers  disease  is  the  most  common  form  of  dementia,  accounting  for  60  to  80  of  all  cases  .  alzheimers.org  reports  that  1  in  9  people  age  of  65  years  and  older  has  alzheimers  disease.  it  is  important  to  note  too  that  81  of  people  with  alzheimers  disease  are  age  75  or  older.  safety  is  a
__label__productinspection key  factor  in  the  care  of  patients  with  dementia.  also,  the  average  lifespan  in  general  for  all  people  continues  to  rise,  with  many  surviving  into  their  80s  and  90s.  the  costs  associated  with  care  of  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  are  staggering.  all  of  these  statistics  highlight  the  need  for  technologies  to  assist  in  monitoring  and  support  of  these  patients,  their  families  or  caregivers,  and  health  care  providers.  there  are  a  variety  of  symptoms  that  a  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  can  exhibit,  some  are  more  common  in  early  stages  while  others  appear  later  as  the  disease  progresses.  with  the  number
__label__productinspection of  cases  of  the  disease  continually  on  the  rise,  the  health  care  community  has  been  seeking  ways  to  assure  safety  and  quality  of  life  for  the  patient  and  caregivers.  caregiver  burden  is  a  real  concern  because  of  the  stress  and  level  of  care  often  needed,  with  most  of  this  responsibility  falling  to  family  or  caregivers.  as  the  disease  progresses  the  patient  can  have  difficulty  walking  and  swallowing  that  will  require  additional  monitoring  and  intervention  to  keep  the  patient  safe.  the  following  are  common  symptoms  of  alzheimers  disease:  memory  loss  that  disrupts  daily  life;  challenges  in  planning  or  solving  problems;  difficulty
__label__productinspection completing  familiar  tasks  at  home,  at  work  or  at  leisure;  confusion  with  time  or  place;  trouble  understanding  visual  images  and  spatial  relationships;  new  problems  with  words  in  speaking  or  writing;  misplacing  things  and  losing  the  ability  to  retrace  steps;  decreased  or  poor  judgment,  withdrawal  from  work  or  social  activities;  changes  in  mood  and  personality,  including  apathy  and  depression  .  any  of  these  symptoms  could  potentially  be  monitored  using  a  specialized  iot  or  other  analytics,  though  some  would  be  more  difficult  than  others.  as  the  disease  progresses,  cognitive  and  functional  abilities  can  decline.  people  may  need  help  with  basic  activities  such
__label__productinspection as  bathing,  dressing,  eating  and  using  the  bathroom;  lose  their  ability  to  communicate;  fail  to  recognize  loved  ones;  and  become  bedbound  and  reliant  on  24  hour  care.  when  individuals  have  difficulty  moving,  they  are  more  vulnerable  to  infections,  including  pneumonia  which  is  often  a  contributing  factor  to  the  death  of  people  with  alzheimers  disease  .  clearly  this  disease  takes  a  toll  on  the  patient  and  caregivers,  and  it  is  easy  to  see  the  need  for  technologies  to  assist  caregivers  at  different  stages  of  the  disease.  allowing  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  the  best  quality  of  life  is  a  focus  of
__label__productinspection care.  especially  in  early  stages,  patients  need  to  maintain  a  level  of  independence  therefore  caregivers  and  health  care  providers  must  seek  ways  to  keep  the  patient  safe  without  taking  away  all  independence.  additionally,  it  is  important  for  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  to  remain  socially  engaged  to  stimulate  brain  health;  the  sensors  again  can  be  placed  to  avoid  detection  by  visitors.  many  patients  with  alzheimers  disease  also  have  comorbidities  or  disesases  or  conditions,  therefore  a  sensor  may  also  capture  data  for  monitoring  of  other  health  conditions,  such  as  hypertension  high  blood  pressure.  monitoring  through  sensors  with  iot  can  be  a
__label__productinspection means  to  do  this.  the  sensors  could  be  strategically  placed  to  capture  important  data,  but  not  be  intrusive.  a  study  by  niemeijer  et  al.  provided  evidence  to  support  the  development  of  less  intrusive  forms  of  patient  monitoring.  gps  tracking  devices  and  video  surveillance  were  two  technologies  included  in  this  study,  as  these  have  been  touted  to  increase  freedom  for  patients  with  alzheimers  disease  .  this  ethnographic  study  interestingly  resulted  in  two  themes,  with  the  second  theme  highlighting  that  patients  felt  stigmatized  and  felt  they  were  being  watched.  sensors  could  be  built  into  residential  communities  in  order  to  be  better  accepted.
__label__productinspection for  example,  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  chips  could  be  inconspicuously  embedded  in  the  patients  clothing  for  the  purposes  of  position  tracking.  local  proximity  sensors  could  track  the  location  and  movement  of  patients.  health  care  providers  could  be  notified  of  emergency  situations,  possibly  even  linking  an  alert  to  local  first  responders.  sensors  could  be  placed  in  areas  to  detect  movement  and  vital  signs.  if  the  patient  is  becoming  more  confused  and  is  wandering,  the  sensor  could  detect  a  pattern  of  wandering.  if  the  patient  is  becoming  agitated,  the  sensor  could  be  placed  to  detect  increased  heart  rate  or  blood  pressure;  also  assisting
__label__productinspection in  detection  of  vital  signs  related  to  comorbidities.  by  contrast,  if  there  is  a  sudden  drop  in  activity,  this  could  signal  apathy  or  depression  of  a  patient  who  perhaps  is  becoming  more  sedentary  and  less  social.  a  simple  construct  for  an  alzheimers  patient  in  an  acute  or  longterm  or  home  care  setting  using  an  iot  in  shown  in  .  alzheimers  use  case  construct  e  privacy  becomes  a  real  issue  here,  however  as  patient  information  is  potentially  being  disclosed  outside  of  the  immediate  care  providers  and  across  insecure  technologies.  safety  and  violence  are  currently  very  important  issues  in  health.  there  are
__label__productinspection numerous  accounts  of  horizontal  violence,  for  example  nurse  against  nurse,  but  also  of  violence  from  visitors  or  family  towards  health  care  providers.  the  bureau  of  labor  statistics  bls  reported  that  2010  experienced  a  13  increase  in  workplace  violence  over  that  for  2009  .  the  violence  ranged  from  verbal  threats  to  homicide,  and  the  bls  states  that  there  are  likely  many  more  incidents  that  go  unreported.  the  bls  stresses  the  need  for  a  zero  tolerance  policy,  with  education  of  all  staff  and  providers.  a  not  could  be  integral  to  a  zero  tolerance  policy  by  providing  another  layer  of  protection.  for  example,
__label__productinspection proximity  sensors  with  an  appropriate  aggregation  algorithm  could  be  used  to  detect  signs  of  aggression  or  stress  in  individuals.  a  simple  construct  for  a  patient  or  caregiver  safety  use  case  using  an  iot  is  shown  in  .  rfid  chips  could  be  embedded  in  the  lab  coats  of  personnel  and  in  the  garments  of  patients  in  high  risk  areas,  such  as  mental  health  facilities.  while  these  implementations  raise  numerous  collateral  questions,  such  as  the  ethics  of  monitoring  providers,  the  possibilities  for  implementation  solutions  seem  to  be  within  reach.  safety  use  case  construct  e  health  care  institutions  are  equipped  with  video  surveillance
__label__productinspection systems,  however,  the  question  arises  as  to  whether  other  means,  such  as  metal  detectors,  in  conjunction  with  an  appropriate  iot  could  provide  additional  protection  against  violence  with  a  gun,  knife  or  other  weapons.  health  care  providers  have  debated  this  notion,  with  some  believing  metal  detectors  are  against  the  culture  of  the  acute  care  environment  because  they  are  perceived  as  prison  equipment  however  others  support  their  use.  when  specifying  the  functionality  for  iot  healthcare  applications,  attention  is  naturally  focused  on  concerns  such  as  fitness  of  purpose,  wireless  interoperability,  energy  efficiency,  and  so  on.  conventional  requirements  elicitations  techniques  such  as  domain  analysis,
__label__productinspection joint  application  development  jad,  and  quality  function  deployment  qfd  among  others  are  usually  adequate  for  these  kinds  of  requirements.  but  in  healthcare  iot  applications  some  quality  requirements  are  probably  of  greater  concern.  three  particular  quality  requirements  namely  security,  safety  and  caring  are  of  special  importance  in  healthcare  applications  because  of  the  sensitive,  personal  nature  of  the  information.  we  explore  these  types  of  requirements  further  in  this  section.  privacy  concerns  have  always  been  a  crucial  aspect  of  health  care.  patients  expect  that  their  personally  identifiable  information  will  remain  confidential  and  that  health  care  providers  will  protect  them.  similarly,  iotbased  healthcare  systems
__label__productinspection must  assure  privacy  but  allow  for  sharing  of  information  that  is  needed  to  provide  high  quality  care  across  the  care  continuum.  many  of  the  devices  used  in  a  provisioned,  specialized  iot  will  collect  various  data  whether  that  surveillance  is  known  or  not  .  if  so,  where  does  that  data  go?  who  owns  it?  and  why  is  it  being  collected  in  the  first  place?  sensors  and  surveillance  will  be  huge  concerns  to  overcome  in  order  to  argue  convincingly  for  compliance  when  the  economic  benefits  to  healthcare  providers  are  overwhelming  for  this  technology.  the  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  hipaa  of
__label__productinspection 1996  addresses  how  a  patients  personal  health  information  can  be  used  and  shared  to  assure  privacy  but  to  allow  for  sharing  of  information  that  is  needed  to  provide  high  quality  care.  hipaa  is  an  integral  part  of  todays  health  care  system,  and  no  health  care  provider  would  argue  its  relevance.  new  concerns,  however,  have  been  raised  as  to  the  relationship  of  hipaa  and  the  iot.  a  forbes  magazine  report  calls  for  new  federal  baseline  privacy  legislation,  builtin  security  for  iot  devices,  data  minimization  storing  less,  not  more  data  and  security  breach  notification  .  in  february  2016,  the  office  of  the
__label__productinspection privacy  commissioner  of  canada  released  a  34page  report  outlining  concerns  for  privacy  and  data  as  the  iots  continues  to  take  shape:  the  internet  of  things  has  been  compared  to  electricity,  or  a  nervous  system  for  the  planet,  to  illustrate  phenomena  that  are  at  once  pervasive,  unseen  and  will  become  crucially  integrated  within  the  fabric  of  our  society,  states  the  report.  several  international  experts,  thinkers  and  technology  builders  are  forecasting  profound  political,  social  and  economic  transformations;  concerns  about  privacy  and  surveillance  are  chief  among  them.  there  has  also  been  a  substantial  amount  of  academic  research  considering  iot  functionality  versus  privacy.  for
__label__productinspection example,  winter  conducted  a  survey  of  hawaiin  healthcare  consumers  in  order  to  identify  specific  practices  that  will  be  brought  about  by  the  iots  that  may  be  perceived  as  privacy  violations  .  essentially,  winter  found  that  these  consumers  were  willing  to  trade  off  some  privacy  for  the  perceived  benefits  of  information  sharing.  moreover,  thierer  argues  against  rash,  restrictive  regulation  in  response  to  security  and  privacy  concerns  that  could  thwart  innovation  in  applications  including  healthcare  related  to  wearable  iot  technologies  .  and  walla  discusses  some  of  the  issues  of  patient  privacy  in  internet  hosted  personal  records  that  are  not  covered  by  hipaa
__label__productinspection and  mercuri  considers  regulations  intended  to  improve  health  care  data  access  have  created  new  security  and  privacy  risks  along  with  regulatory  complexity  for  patients  and  practitioners  .  safety  concerns  address  questions  such  as:  is  the  system  operating  as  intended?  is  the  system  providing  needed  levels  of  care?  is  it  providing  unintended  functionality?  can  a  malfunction  of  the  system  harm  a  patient?  safety  requirements  for  medical  systems  often  derive  from  oversight  agencies,  for  example,  in  the  united  states,  the  food  and  drug  administration  fda.  wallace  and  kuhn  studied  342  failures  in  medical  devices  based  on  data  from  the  fda.  their  study
__label__productinspection helped  identify  approaches  for  using  fault  and  failure  information  to  improve  device  safety  .  they  also  found  that  known  best  practices  may  not  be  used  at  all  or  may  be  misused.  wallace  and  kuhn  also  recommended  that  for  requirements  generation  of  safe  medical  devices  that  engineers  should  gather  failure  and  fault  data  from  previous  and  related  systems,  understand  the  types  of  faults  that  are  prevalent  for  a  specific  domain,  and  develop  prevention  and  detection  approaches  specific  to  these  issues  .  the  us  underwriters  laboratories  proposed  a  faulttree  analysis  approach  for  specifying  hazards  in  wearable  devices  ,  and  this  approach  would
__label__productinspection be  appropriate  for  other  medical  and  healthcare  applications  using  iot  technology.  using  traditional  techniques  for  defining  misuse  and  abuse  cases  would  also  be  appropriate.  caring  can  be  described  as  an  act,  or  a  way  to  approach  a  patient.  caring  can  be  a  trait  that  one  possesses,  and  often  an  adjective  to  describe  what  is  perceived  to  be  a  good  caregiver.  most  nurses  will  be  able  to  articulate  their  concept  of  caring  if  asked.  lachman  highlights  the  pervasiveness  of  the  link  between  nurses  and  caring  by  pointing  out  that  caring  and  nursing  are  so  intertwined  that  nursing  always  appeared  on  the
__label__productinspection same  page  in  a  google  search  for  the  definition  of  caring  .  for  our  purposes,  we  adopt  caring  as  an  adjective  functional  quality  with  the  following  definition:  displaying  kindness  and  concern  for  others  .  caring  likely  encompasses  elements  of  the  qualities  of  trust,  reliability,  privacy  and  more,  but  none  of  these,  by  themselves,  capture  the  full  essence  of  caring.  instead,  caring  is  a  super  ility  resulting  as  some  composite  of  other  ilities  and  the  system  quality  called  empathy.  one  possible  hierarchical  representation  for  caring  in  terms  of  these  other  ilities  is  given  in  .  a  hierarchy  of  qualities  related  to
__label__productinspection caring.  other  types  of  systems  may  contain  additional  subqualities  e.g.  usability,  availability  forming  a  slightly  different  hierarchy  than  that  in  .  since  caring  is  comprised  of  some  combination  of  other  qualities  that  differ  for  each  stakeholder  and  each  system  we  find  it  convenient  to  express  caring  for  a  given  system  as  a  linear  combination  of  these  constituent  qualities,  which  is:  ,  where  the  qi,  are  quantifiable  values  for  the  subqualities  related  to  caring:  such  as  safety,  trust,  reliability,  and  the  a  are  weighting  coefficients  for  these  qualities.  for  each  system  c  will  be  a  secret  sauce  with  the  target  goals
__label__productinspection for  the  q  ,  related  to  system  requirements  to  be  specified.  caring  also  means  different  things  to  different  people  and  for  different  systems.  consider  for  example,  a  robotic  surgery  system.  these  systems  are  now  used  extensively  for  many  types  of  procedures  including  heart,  cancer  and  prostate  surgery.  while  current  systems  are  robotic  in  the  sense  that  the  machine  mimics  the  movements  of  a  human  surgeon,  fully  autonomous  robot  surgical  systems  are  envisioned  in  the  near  future,  replacing  surgeons  and  nurses  in  the  operating  room  or  .  while  we  expect  the  human  surgeon  and  nurses  to  care  about  the  patient,  as
__label__productinspection systems  engineers,  what  should  we  require  of  a  fully  autonomous  robot  surgeon?  furthermore,  what  should  the  patient  expect,  in  terms  of  a  caring  system,  especially  since  the  patient  may  be  unconscious  during  the  procedure?  their  concerns  are  likely  somewhat  different.  consider,  for  example,  the  constituent  qualities  of  caring  in  the  robotic  surgery  system.  the  surgeon  wants  the  system  to  be  safe  and  reliable,  likely,  as  the  primary  concerns.  both  the  safe  and  trustworthy  operation  of  the  system  contribute  to  a  sense  of  reliability  in  the  system  and  are  of  concern  to  the  systems  engineers.  the  patient  shares  these  concerns  but
__label__productinspection also  wants  the  system  to  preserve  his  privacy  e.g.  by  not  exposing  medical  records  or  embarrassing  images.  if  the  actors  in  the  or  were  humans,  the  patient  would  probably  also  expect  a  sense  of  empathy  from  the  surgeons  or  nurses.  of  course,  robot  surgeons  look  nothing  like  human  surgeons,  therefore  there  would  need  to  be  a  means  by  which  the  robots  could  emote  empathy  via  speech  or  facial  expression  generation  on  some  display  device.  these  diverse  concerns,  with  respect  to  the  qualities  related  to  caring,  will  inform  the  specific  system  requirements  discovery  and  representation  process.  very  little  work  has  been
__label__productinspection done  to  explore  empathy  in  computing  systems  in  comparison  to  other  subqualities  of  caring.  brave  et  al  showed  that  empathic  emotion  via  facial  expression  in  a  computer  agent  interacting  with  a  patient,  has  significant  positive  effects  on  users  opinions  of  that  agent.  they  noted  that  just  as  people  respond  to  being  cared  about  by  other  people,  users  respond  positively  to  agents  that  care.  further  they  observed  that  the  positive  impression  of  caring  was  due  to  the  other  oriented  nature  of  empathic  emotion;  selforiented  emotion  was  found  to  have  little  or  no  effect  on  users  opinions  of  the  agent  .  in
__label__productinspection another  study  huang  et  al  integrated  carpers  nursing  typology  ways  of  knowing  and  locsins  nursing  theory  to  define  the  five  senses  of  a  caring  robot.  these  five  senses  or  qualities  are:  accurate  recognition  of  nurses  instruction,  confirmation  of  nurses  instruction,  mid  to  highlevel  conversation  competency,  motion  competency,  and  the  ability  to  demonstrate  empathy,  which  they  defined  as  a  behavioral  ability  to  convey  empathy  to  a  patient  .  most  other  research  that  we  found  in  affective  computing  investigated  very  specific  examples  implementations  of  technology  and  a  situation  for  example  detecting  a  patient  fall  using  wearable  devices  .  since  many  different  definitions
__label__productinspection of  caring  exist,  it  is  important  to  engage  all  stakeholders  when  trying  to  define  a  notion  of  caring  for  a  new  healthcare  system  and  it  is  critically  important  to  engage  systems  engineers,  computer  scientists,  doctors,  nurses  and  most  importantly  patients  during  requirements  discovery.  many  traditional  requirements  elicitation  techniques  could  be  used  to  uncover  caring  and  related  requirements  depending  on  the  size  of  the  system.  the  most  likely  useful  elicitation  techniques  for  caring  and  related  qualities,  however,  include  surveys,  interviews,  prototyping  executable  and  nonexecutable,  ethnographic  observation,  designer  as  apprentice  .  of  course,  different  elicitation  techniques  may  be  used  with  different  stakeholder
__label__productinspection groups,  and  multiple,  complementary  techniques  should  be  used  with  each  group.  for  example,  since  empathy  can  be  expressed  via  emoticons  e.g.  brave  et  al  prototyping  of  various  facial  feature  displays,  or  voice  outputs  could  be  used  to  generate  empathy  requirements.  interviews  and  surveys  of  patients  could  be  used  to  capture  desired  caregiver  behaviors  e.g.  verbal  cues,  event  triggered  behaviors  that  support  patients  in  their  belief  that  the  healthcare  system  is  trustworthy  and  safe.  ethnographic  observation  and  designer  as  apprentice  could  also  be  used  to  elicit  caring  requirements  by  recording  and  analyzing  the  behaviors  and  movements  of  caregivers  who  are  rated
__label__productinspection highly  along  the  dimension  of  caring  there  are  instruments  available  from  nursing  theory  such  as  the  caritas  tool  to  do  such  measurement  .  each  quality  requirement  specification  should  be  unambiguous  and  testable.  in  ,  the  authors  suggest  to  use  a  common  form  to  specify  quality  attributes  expressions.  the  form  has  six  parts:  stimulus,  stimulus  source,  response,  response  measure,  environment  and  artifact.  in  order  to  provide  a  guidance  to  requirements  engineers  when  specifying  caring  expressions,  a  set  of  possible  values  for  each  of  the  six  parts  is  needed.  this  is  a  venue  of  research  that  we  aim  to  pursue.  of  course,
__label__productinspection caring  and  related  requirements  that  have  been  specified  and  delivered  successfully  in  built  systems  could  be  reused  in  related  systems  and  in  product  lines.  other  caring  and  related  requirements  may  emerge  from  laws  and  regulations,  for  example  in  the  robotic  surgery  system  case,  hipaa.  finally,  other  requirements  for  caring  and  related  qualities  will  eventually  emerge  as  standards  and  reference  architectures  are  developed  for  applicable  systems  e.g.  smart  healthcare.  in  this  paper  we  introduced  a  structured  framework  for  describing,  and  later  help  in  specifying,  designing  and  implementing  healthcare  iots.  the  approach  involved  defining  general  classes  of  system  types,  classifying  the  healthcare
__label__productinspection delivery  settings,  then  using  a  structured  approach  to  describing  the  elements  for  a  particular  use  case.  using  such  an  approach  for  describing  i.e.  specifying  healthcare  iots  could  lead  to  standardization,  reuse,  interoperability,  best  practices  and  so  on.  we  also  identified  the  need  to  consider  caring  as  an  important  quality  for  iot  enabled  healthcare  systems.  our  work  reinforced  our  belief  that  in  planning  iot  healthcare  applications,  there  is  strong  need  for  domain  expertise  and  deep  interprofessional  collaboration  in  this  case  nurses  and  engineers.  engineers  need  nurses  to  assist  with  domain  expertise,  domain  language  understanding,  patient  advocacy,  and  point  of  care  awareness.
__label__productinspection nurses  are  involved  in  the  day  to  day  care  of  the  patient  in  acute  care  and  long  term  settings,  and  are  the  professional  providers  most  often  engaged  in  home  care.  nurses  need  engineers  to  assist  with  technological  insights,  feasibility  of  use,  and  application  and  understanding  of  iot  for  the  benefit  of  patients,  families,  and  providers.  clearly  each  professional  brings  expertise  to  the  table  but  cannot  create  these  applications  in  isolation.  this  paper  is  a  significantly  extended  version  of  phillip  a.  laplante  and  nancy  l.  laplante,  a  structured  approach  for  describing  healthcare  applications  for  the  internet  of  things,  2015  ieee  2nd
__label__productinspection world  forum  on  internet  of  things  wfiot  ,  milan  italy,  dec.  1416,  2015,  pp.621625.  it  received  the  best  paper  award  at  the  conference.  the  identification  of  any  commercial  product  or  trade  name  does  not  imply  endorsement  or  recommendation  by  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology,  nor  is  it  intended  to  imply  that  the  materials  or  equipment  identified  are  necessarily  the  best  available  for  the  purpose.  is  professor  of  software  engineering  at  the  pennsylvania  state  university.  he  received  his  b.s.,  m.eng.,  and  ph.d.  from  stevens  institute  of  technology  and  an  mba  from  the  university  of  colorado.  from  20102016  led  the
__label__productinspection effort  to  develop  a  national  licensing  exam  for  software  engineers.  he  has  worked  in  avionics,  cad,  and  software  testing  systems  and  he  has  published  33  books  and  more  than  200  scholarly  papers.  he  is  a  licensed  professional  engineer  in  the  commonwealth  of  pennsylvania  and  a  certified  software  development  professional.  his  research  interests  include  software  testing,  requirements  engineering  and  software  quality  and  management.  he  is  an  ieee  fellow.  is  an  assistant  professor  in  software  engineering  at  penn  state  great  valley.  he  received  his  ph.d.  degree  in  computer  science  from  concordia  university  in  montreal,  canada.  with  more  than  17  years  of  industrial
__label__productinspection experiences,  he  worked  in  different  roles  before  establishing  his  career  in  academia,  among  which:  senior  quality  engineer  at  sap,  senior  associate  at  morgan  stanley,  senior  quality  assurance  specialist  at  nokia,  senior  software  developer  at  positron  safety  systems.  dr.  kassabs  research  interests  include  developing  a  formal,  integrated  and  quantitative  approaches,  architectural  frameworks  and  tools  to  modeling  and  assessing  software  quality  requirements.  he  is  a  member  of  the  ieee.  is  associate  professor  of  nursing  at  widener  university  teaching  in  the  undergraduate  and  graduate  nursing  programs.  she  earned  her  bsn  from  william  paterson  university,  her  msn  from  west  chester  university,  and  a  phd
__label__productinspection from  widener  university.  dr.  laplante  is  board  certified  in  advanced  holistic  nursing.  her  research  interests  include  health  care  applications  for  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  image  of  nursing  in  media,  and  creating  authentic  presence  in  online  nursing  courses.  is  a  computer  scientist  at  the  us  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  in  gaithersburg,  md.  voas  coauthored  two  john  wiley  books  software  assessment:  reliability,  safety,  and  testability  1995  and  software  fault  injection:  inoculating  software  against  errors  1998.  he  received  two  u.s.  patents  and  has  over  250  publications.  voas  received  his  undergraduate  degree  in  computer  engineering  from  tulane  university  1985,
__label__productinspection and  received  his  m.s.  and  ph.d.  in  computer  science  from  the  college  of  william  and  mary  1986,  1990  respectively.  voas  is  a  fellow  of  the  institute  of  electrical  and  electronics  engineers  ieee,  the  institution  of  engineering  and  technology  iet,  and  the  american  association  for  the  advancement  of  science  aaas.  voass  current  research  interests  include  software  certification  and  the  underlying  science  of  iot  he  is  an  ieee  fellow.
__label__productinspection no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__productinspection products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  the  incorporation  of  the  internet  of  things  and  artificial  intelligence  will  benefit  your  healthcare  organization  the  healthcare  industry  can  be  benefited  the  most
__label__productinspection through  the  iot  revolution.  by  building  iotbased  systems  in  hospitals  and  clinics,  along  with  establishing  ,  hospitals  can  improve  access  to  patient  care,  while  increasing  care  quality  and  reducing  operating  costs.  the  basic  building  blocks  of  an  iotbased  system  are  sensors  that  collect  patient  data,  internet  gateways  for  transmitting  that  data  and  cloud  computing  to  store  and  process  this  data.  the  smart  cloud  platform  is  also  used  to  analyze  this  data  to  generate  valuable  insights  for  doctors  and  medical  staff.  since  it  is  essential  to  extract  useful  insights  out  of  the  collected  data,  the  healthcare  systems  even  require  the  incorporation
__label__productinspection of  an  ml  algorithm  and  ai  capabilities  along  with  iot.  the  final  stage  involves  the  creation  of  web  and  mobile  applications  which  the  medical  staff  can  use  to  decide  on  the  next  course  of  action.  in  patientcentric  iot  systems,  the  patients  are  also  given  mobile  apps  and  even  wearables  for  monitoring  their  health.  the  internet  of  things  has  countless  uses  in  healthcare.  it  can  be  applied  at  every  step  of  the  process,  whether  it  is  a  smart  sensor,  device  incorporation,  or  the  convenience  of  remote  monitoring.  since  iot  can  assist  the  medical  practitioner  in  delivering  service,  it  can  help  in
__label__productinspection keeping  patients  safe  and  healthy  as  well.  once  this  system  is  in  place,  one  of  the  major  uses  is  in  creating  a  better  chronic  disease  management  system.  today,  many  sensors  can  be  used  for  monitoring  patients  with  chronic  conditions  such  as  asthma,  diabetes,  hypertension  and  chronic  obstructive  pulmonary  disease  among  several  others.  offtheshelf  and  specialized  wearables  can  help  patients  and  doctors  carry  out  activity  monitoring.  these  devices  record  data.  the  data  gathered  can  be  used  for  patient  monitoring  and  analysis.  senior  citizens  and  individuals  with  conditions  that  require  them  to  be  in  assisted  living  facilities  can  also  benefit  from  an
__label__productinspection iot  system.  for  such  patients,  monitors  can  send  alert  to  doctors  in  realtime  about  learn  more  about  the  opportunities  of  iot  in  healthcare  organizations  by  hosting  our  iot  consulting  workshop  at  your  premises.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection the  growing  developments  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  have  many  exciting  implications  for  the  future  of  healthcare.  connected  technology  is  entering  our  homes  and  workplaces,  so  it  follows  that  healthcare  may  benefit  from  its  dataprocessing  abilities.  benefits  include  more  timely  decisionmaking  and  hopefully  the  overall  goal  better  patient  outcomes.  read  below  for  the  top  5  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare:  get  our  quick  guide  to  challenges  for  iot  in  healthcare  here  before  the  introduction  of  connectivity  and  iot  in  healthcare,  its  fair  to  say  that  a  lot  less  monitoring  of  patients  was  going  on  outside  of  a  hospital  setting
__label__productinspection it  just  wasnt  possible.  so  if  you  were  admitted  to  the  hospital,  youd  be  very  closely  monitored  while  there,  but  once  discharged,  no  one  would  know  what  was  happening  with  you  outside  of  checkups.  the  problem  with  this  is  that  a  lot  of  issues  can  develop  once  a  patient  has  been  discharged,  and  often  these  are  things  that  could  be  prevented  or  minimized  if  doctors  had  early  access  to  outpatient  data.  iot  has  a  vital  role  to  play  in  remote  healthcare  and  monitoring.  data  can  be  captured  via  sensors  in  medical  devices  and  shared  in  real  time  with  physicians.  serious
__label__productinspection conditions  can  be  prevented  from  developing,  while  a  chronic  disease  can  be  monitored  for  progress.  for  example,  key  indicators  such  as  blood  pressure,  glucose  levels  and  weight  can  be  monitored  remotely.  there  are  a  number  of  new  sensors  that  have  been  built  to  monitor  other  potential  early  indicators  of  problems.  for  example,  fall  alerts  for  senior  citizens  or  to  pick  up  signs  of  emotional  distress  in  patients.  these  indicators  are  important  for  physicians  to  understand  early  on  if  there  may  be  any  escalation  in  symptoms  of  a  chronic  disease.  there  are  three  ways  in  which  iot  in  healthcare  can  help
__label__productinspection with  better  drug  management:  bctt  tweetiot  can  be  used  for  better  drug  management  in  the  healthcare  industry  usernamegalendata  iot  allows  physicians  to  gather  a  lot  of  data  on  their  patients  that  can  be  used  to  inform  the  therapies  they  prescribe.  lets  say  a  patient  has  been  on  a  certain  regimen  for  a  while,  but  their  progress  or  results  lie  outside  of  desired  boundaries.  iot  can  determine  that  results  are  not  where  they  should  be,  and  potentially  make  recommendations  to  physicians  based  upon  an  algorithm.  physicians  can  then  use  this  data  and  take  into  account  any  recommendations  via  the  technology  to
__label__productinspection make  an  adjustment  to  the  therapies  they  prescribe.  as  an  example,  a  machine  providing  therapy  for  sleep  apnoea  can  monitor  for  apnoea  or  hyperapnoea  while  the  machine  is  in  use.  it  can  adjust  the  pressure  delivered  as  a  result  of  the  symptoms  it  monitors.  critical  medical  devices,  especially  those  used  to  sustain  health  or  human  life  need  to  reliably  run  at  all  times.  however,  like  anything  else  with  a  mechanical  component,  these  devices  can  break  down  or  experience  issues  such  as  system  failures.  if  a  device  is  not  ready  for  use  when  its  needed,  theres  often  a  risk  of  resulting
__label__productinspection harm  to  the  patient.  iot  sensors  on  medical  devices  can  help  those  machines  to  measure  and  assess  their  own  device  health.  this  information  can  then  be  relayed  to  the  hospital,  medical  device  company  or  whoever  really  needs  to  know  it.  these  people  are  then  able  to  take  a  proactive  approach  to  maintain  the  device.  its  much  better  to  be  able  to  catch  any  issues  before  they  present  a  risk  to  the  patient  an  example  is  .  this  iot  innovation  virtually  monitors  medical  hardware  and  sends  an  alert  to  hospital  staff  if  any  problem  is  detected.  there  are  a  lot  of
__label__productinspection moving  parts  to  a  clinical  infrastructure  people,  operating  rooms,  inventory  and  other  resources.  in  many  hospitals,  for  example,  the  or  is  managed  the  oldfashioned  way,  with  whiteboards  manually  updated  to  track  schedules  and  who  is  going  where.  iot  brings  the  opportunity  for  a  more  efficient  way  of  managing  clinical  operations.  sensors  can  track  who  is  where  and  what  is  happening,  updating  an  online  schedule  for  all  to  see.  this  means  that  data  is  tracked  in  real  time,  rather  than  people  having  to  remember  to  manually  update  a  whiteboard.  this  efficient  management  can  help  to  reduce  wait  times  and  reduce  costs
__label__productinspection for  the  hospital.  they  are  able  to  more  effectively  use  their  people,  inventory  and  infrastructure  as  needed,  rather  than  always  being  a  step  behind  what  is  really  happening.  a  reallife  example  can  be  found  at  mt.  sinai  medical  center  in  new  york  city.  the  hospital  implemented  autobed,  an  iotpowered  software  that  helps  them  to  track  occupancy  and  patient  need  metrics.  they  were  able  to  for  50  percent  of  their  emergency  room  patients  who  were  in  need  of  inpatient  care.  another  application  that  is  being  trialed  in  some  hospitals  is  the  tracking  of  staff  and  patients  through  iot  technology.  safety  and
__label__productinspection security  are  always  of  major  concern,  especially  in  large  premises  where  its  difficult  to  track  people.  download  our  quick  guide  to  challenges  for  iot  in  healthcare  here  iot  has  the  potential  to  make  a  great  impact  on  healthcare.  these  top  5  iot  use  cases  highlighted  are  just  the  beginning,  so  it  will  be  exciting  to  see  how  the  use  of  the  technology  develops.  from  better  patient  care  to  proactive  management  of  devices,  to  more  efficient  systems  in  hospitals  and  other  clinical  settings,  there  are  many  applications  for  iot  in  healthcare.  for  medical  device  developers  the  bottom  line  is,  will  iot
__label__productinspection help  you  to  create  a  better  device?  will  the  use  of  this  technology  give  you  a  competitive  edge?  the  stage  is  set  for  iot  connectivity  to  become  the  norm.  thank  you  for  sharing  about  iot.  very  useful  concepts.  the  internet  of  things  connects  physical  devices  with  sensors  and  software  to  enable  new  services  based  on  data.  iot  is  the  evergrowing  network  of  physical  objects  that  feature  internet  connectivity.
__label__productinspection among  the  many  iot  uses  cases,  many  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  some  technologies  are  inevitable,  even  if  what  we  eventually  take  for  granted  looks  a  bit  different  than  the  way  it  was  originally  conceived.  no  one  would  seriously  question  the  value  of  mobile  tech  today,  but  in  its  infancy  personal  digital  assistants  in  the  1990s  it  bore  little  resemblance  to  modern  smartphones  and  tablets  and  was,  at  the  time,  anything  but  a  sure  bet.  the  internet  of  things  is  another  great  example  of
__label__productinspection a  tech  thats  unavoidably  becoming  an  essential  part  of  the  business  ecosystem.  ,  for  example,  estimates  that  the  iot  will  be  a  1.2  trillion  with  a  t  business  by  2022,  with  companies  of  all  sizes  investing  in  a  foundation  of  smart,  connected  devices  and  the  data  streams  they  provide.  of  course,  its  one  thing  to  know  you  need  to  invest  in  the  iot;  its  another  thing  to  know  the  smartest  play  for  your  business.  even  if  you  know  its  a  good  idea  to  it  increases  your  chances  for  an  early  roi  and  invests  more  people  in  the  success  of  the
__label__productinspection program  you  will  need  to  choose  the  right  use  cases  for  your  business.  here  are  five  of  the  most  compelling  use  cases  in  iot  today.  software  developers  talk  about  killer  apps  an  application  so  transformative  that  it  gives  you  a  reason  to  invest  in  the  platform  that  the  app  lives  on.  spreadsheets  were  the  first  killer  app  and  sold  millions  of  early  pcs.  for  the  iot,  many  might  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  imagine  a  network  of  sensors  that  can  track  not  just  the
__label__productinspection location  of  every  product  in  your  supply  chain,  but  also  its  condition  is  your  refrigerated  produce  cool  enough  or  your  fragile  glass  goods  unbroken?.  you  can  know  how  many  items  are  on  the  shelf  and  where  those  shelves  are  within  the  store  or  warehouse,  for  that  matter.  youll  be  able  to  track  where  everything  is  in  the  supply  chain  and  automate  ordering,  processing,  and  transport.  another  compelling  use  case  for  iot  that  has  important  applications  in  of  a  vast  number  of  businesses  is  predictive  maintenance.  any  company  that  relies  on  hardware  manufacturing  equipment,  automated  kiosks,  transportation,  and  so  on  knows
__label__productinspection that  maintenance  is  a  significant  cost  center;  being  able  to  smartly  provide  predictive  and  preventative  maintenance  can  save  enormous  amounts  of  time  and  money.  iot  has  the  ability  to  identify  when  equipment  requires  maintenance  and  allow  you  to  deliver  it  just  in  time  not  too  soon,  racking  up  unneeded  costs  and  not  too  late,  resulting  in  downtime.  if  you  are  involved  in  manufacturing  or  production,  you  will  no  doubt  want  to  invest  in  tech  that  lets  your  systems  selfoptimize.  with  the  right  iot  tools  in  place,  your  gear  can  automatically  respond  to  all  the  other  equipment  in  a  workflow.  you
__label__productinspection can  reduce  waste  and  streamline  the  time  and  resources  if  all  of  your  equipment  works  together  without  human  input.  in  the  healthcare  industry,  being  able  to  track  the  health  and  status  of  patients  is  its  own  holy  grail.  not  only  can  the  iot  keep  track  of  vitals  remotely,  but  with  the  right  sensors  it  can  ,  be  notified  about  falls  and  other  accidents,  remotely  and  automatically  track  recovery  and  healing  progress,  and  get  instant  alerts  when  there  is  a  critical  problem.  finally,  fleet  management  is  a  use  case  that  in  some  ways  combines  elements  of  inventory  management  with  optimized  production.
__label__productinspection with  the  right  vehicle  tracking  tools,  you  can  track  your  fleet  of  vehicles  delivery  trucks,  passenger  cars,  or  any  other  kind  of  vehicle  in  real  time.  you  can  let  automated  systems  make  smart  decisions  about  routing  vehicles  and  leverage  your  data  to  more  efficiently  maintain  and  repair  them  as  well.  you  can  use  the  information  for  better  routing  and  even  find  unexpected  ways  to  make  your  fleet  operate  more  efficiently  like  .  find  out  how  an  iot  platform  like  canopy  can  help  your  business  turn  a  use  case  from  an  idea  into  a  reality.  data  has  become  a  critical  resource
__label__productinspection for  modern  businesses  the  fuel  that  drives  product  development,  sales,  marketing,  infrastructure,  human  resources,  and  a  thousand  other  aspects  of  corporate  success.  gains  in  connectivity  speeds  are  going  to  revolutionize  the  iot  and  let  us  take  for  granted  low  power,  long  distance  wireless  connectivity.  imagine  the  cost  savings  that  could  come  from  having  a  perfect  digital  copy  of  an  assembly  line  product  a  replica  that  isnt  just  about  dimensions  and  assembly  details,  but  also  reflects  materials,  lifetime  maintenance  data,  and  more.  indoor  positioning,  a  fastgrowing  branch  of  the  internet  of  things,  has  the  power  to  remap  the  way  we  think
__label__productinspection about  indoor  spaces.  executives  driving  ai  and  machine  learning  projects  will  need  to  pursue  several  tasks  in  order  to  successfully  adapt  this  transformational  technology.  its  a  tall  order  but  the  benefits  are  immense.  facilities  management  is  an  unforgiving,  challenging  job  with  myriad  demands  and  responsibilities.  thats  why  facilities  managers  should  be  keenly  interested  in  putting  iot  technology  to  work  in  their  buildings.
__label__productinspection open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__productinspection authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__productinspection world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  mohammed  dauwed  and  ahmed  meri  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86014  downloaded:  336  utilising  the  new  trend  technologies  in  healthcare  sector  could  offer  alternative  ways  in  managing  the  patients  health  records  and  also  improve  the  healthcare  quality.  as  such,  this  chapter  provides  an  overview  of  utilising  the  internet  of  things  iot  technology  in  healthcare  sector  as  an  emerging  research  and  practical  trend  nowadays.  the  main  benefits  and  advantages  have  been  discussed  in  this  chapter.  on  the  other  hand,  it  has  been  found  that  most  of  the  hospitals  in  different  countries  are  still  facing  many  issues
__label__productinspection regarding  their  health  information  exchange.  recently,  various  studies  in  the  area  of  healthcare  information  system  mentioned  that  the  fragmentations  of  the  health  information  are  one  of  the  most  important  challenges  with  the  distribution  of  patient  information  records.  therefore,  in  this  chapter,  we  gave  an  in  detail  overview  regarding  the  current  issues  facing  the  health  sector  in  line  with  the  iot  technologies.  additionally,  a  full  description  of  advantages  and  disadvantages  has  been  highlighted  for  using  iot  in  healthcare  that  can  be  considered  as  solutions  for  the  mentioned  issues.  address  all  correspondence  to:  altaaesiswa.ukm.edu.my  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86014  edited  by  yasser  ismail  the  internet
__label__productinspection of  things  iot  is  a  new  technology  that  aims  to  connect  the  world  via  smart  devices  or  objects  with  capabilities  of  collecting  and  sharing  various  types  of  information  at  any  location,  time,  media  and  environments.  by  assigning  a  unique  identification  to  each  object  in  the  network,  iot  allows  its  users  to  live  smart,  safe  lives.  in  healthcare  systems,  iot  is  mainly  used  to  gain  quick  access  to  health  information.  iot  can  be  defined  as  an  interconnected  network  that  links  a  large  number  of  devices  to  one  another  for  purposes  of  making  largescale  information  accessible  to  all.  this  technology  can  be
__label__productinspection seen  as  a  grid  of  computers  that  deliver  software  and  data  via  the  internet.  as  illustrated  in  ,  cisco  defines  iot  as  a  revolution  of  the  internet  of  everything  that  involves  people,  processes,  data  and  things  .  iot  revolution  1.  many  health  organisations  need  to  exchange  data  with  one  another  to  address  their  problems  and  to  improve  their  performance  .  healthrelated  data  are  especially  important  for  these  organisations  to  provide  their  patients  with  better  healthcare  services.  the  exchange  of  health  information  among  these  organisations  has  been  termed  health  information  exchange  hie,  which  has  become  a  pervasive  global  phenomenon  ,  .
__label__productinspection although  not  a  novel  concept  in  the  health  industry,  hie  needs  to  reinvent  itself  every  2.5years  to  adapt  to  the  current  technological  advancements  and  the  changes  in  the  environment  .  according  to  the  evolution  of  state  health  information  exchange  in  the  u.s.  2006,  hie  offers  many  significant  contributions  to  the  designing  of  different  projects,  such  as  financing,  identifying  patterns  of  success,  ensuring  programmatic  sustainability  and  highlighting  challenges,  trends  and  best  practices  .  hie  also  provides  many  opportunities  to  improve  the  quality  and  reduce  the  cost  of  healthcare,  improve  the  workflows  of  clinical  organisations  and  facilitate  the  administration  of  data  within
__label__productinspection the  healthcare  system  .  however,  hie  also  poses  one  of  the  most  complex  problems  in  electronic  health  record  ehr  management  .  therefore,  dissemination  and  communication  are  essential  attributes  of  health  information  systems  .  the  medical  records  of  each  patient  are  stored  in  physical  and  electronic  databases.  however,  when  patients  decide  to  move  to  new  healthcare  providers,  the  latter  have  no  tools  or  directories  that  they  can  use  to  check  where  the  medical  records  of  these  patients  are  stored.  such  inaccessibility  of  medical  records  can  lead  to  unnecessary  procedures,  duplicate  tests  and  many  other  problems,  such  as  adverse  drug  interaction.  according
__label__productinspection to  tharmalingam  etal.  ,  canada  faces  many  difficulties  related  to  hie,  including  complex  systems,  lack  of  knowledge  as  to  the  location  of  patients  medical  records,  lack  of  access  to  information  and  lack  of  data  standards  that  allow  the  exchange  of  clinical  information.  some  nontechnological  barriers  also  exist,  including  care  burden,  issues  related  to  patient  consent,  differences  in  business  models,  limited  understanding  of  procedures  and  loss  of  competitive  advantage  ,  .  virtually  storing  patient  data  and  making  them  ubiquitously  accessible  to  all  healthcare  personnel  is  the  first  step  in  hie  .  recent  years  have  witnessed  an  increasing  interest  in  the  application
__label__productinspection of  sensing  technologies  and  widely  available  smart  devices  for  monitoring  personal  health,  fitness  and  activity.  continuously  recording  key  physiological  parameters  via  sensors  can  provide  healthcare  practitioners  with  the  necessary  data  to  produce  rich  longitudinal  records  .  meanwhile,  data  from  physical  examinations  provide  doctors  with  comprehensive  information  that  allows  them  to  measure  the  physiological  and  metabolic  states  of  their  patients.  accessing  a  large  number  of  observation  data  via  health  information  systems  can  also  help  doctors  improve  their  prognosis  for  their  patients  and  recommend  effective  treatment,  intervention  and  lifestyle  choices  to  improve  their  health  quality  .  with  the  massive  advancements  in  communication
__label__productinspection and  computer  technologies,  organisations  must  urgently  apply  and  utilise  these  technologies  to  compete  effectively  and  survive  in  the  market.  iot  cannot  improve  the  performance  of  hospitals  if  such  technology  is  not  being  utilised  to  measure  the  success  of  a  system  .  a  vast  and  multilayered  infrastructure  of  ubiquitous  computing  technologies  and  applications  is  also  emerging.  mobile  phones,  laptops,  wifi,  bluetooth,  personal  digital  assistants  and  various  forms  of  sensing  devices  based  on  digital  and  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  technologies  have  also  penetrated  the  healthcare  industry.  iot  establishes  connections  among  different  entities,  including  humans  e.g.  patients  and  medical  staff,  medical  devices,  intelligent
__label__productinspection wheelchairs,  wireless  sensors  and  mobile  robots.  people  in  the  healthcare  industry  also  rely  on  this  technology  to  provide  highquality  and  affordable  healthcare  services,  minimise  medical  errors,  guarantee  the  safety  of  their  patients  and  optimise  their  healthcare  processes  .  however,  despite  the  wide  availability  of  smart  devices  and  novel  communication  technologies,  healthcare  professionals  and  patients  are  still  generally  unwilling  to  exchange  health  information  while  a  large  number  of  hospitals  are  yet  to  implement  advanced  technologies  to  promote  their  hie  capability  ,  ,  .  iot  provides  new  opportunities  for  healthcare  professionals  to  deliver  health  information  to  hardtoreach  populations.  utilising  such  technology  often
__label__productinspection requires  an  organisation  to  spend  a  considerable  amount  of  resources  at  different  stages  .  unfortunately,  most  health  organisations  in  developing  countries  only  have  few  resources  to  spare  for  using  new  technologies,  including  iot  .  many  other  issues  also  prevent  these  hospitals  from  receiving  financial  incentives  that  will  enable  them  to  adopt  new  technologies  for  facilitating  hie.  in  sum,  using  iot  is  in  great  demand  in  the  healthcare  sector.  to  effectively  utilise  iot,  hospitals  must  possess  the  necessary  resources  to  produce  the  maximum  value  possible  and  to  prevent  failure  .  therefore,  this  chapter  focuses  on  those  problems  being  faced  by  the
__label__productinspection healthcare  industry  in  its  implementation  of  advanced  technologies.  over  the  past  5years,  many  health  information  systems  have  faced  several  concerns  with  regard  to  medical  records.  most  of  these  systems  have  focused  on  accelerating  their  provision  of  services  to  patients  and  improving  the  performance  of  hospitals  by  reconstructing  their  current  workflows.  the  rapid  proliferation  of  smart  devices  offers  unprecedented  opportunities  for  patients  and  health  care  professionals  to  exchange  health  information  electronically  .  the  iot  is  one  of  the  smart  technologies  to  integrate  the  smart  devices  on  network.  on  the  other  hand,  iot  is  a  global  information  infrastructure  that  enables  advanced  services
__label__productinspection by  interconnecting  devices  based  on  existing  and  evolving  interoperable  information  and  communication  technologies  .  thus,  it  is  a  collection  of  several  opportunities  that  have  wellness  providing  for  the  hospitals  such  as  optimising  the  resources  through  automated  workflows  as  well  as  process  excellence.  for  instance,  a  majority  of  hospitals  use  iot  services  for  asset  management  and  controlling  humidity  and  temperature  within  operating  rooms  .  the  collection  of  health  data  has  multiple  benefits  to  interdisciplinary  healthcare  collaboration,  while  most  of  the  research  focuses  on  the  personal  fitness  plan  and  has  a  lack  of  compatibility  and  extensibility  among  a  large  number  of  devices
__label__productinspection and  their  business  models.  compatibility  involves  in  information  exchanging,  communication  and  events  processing.  there  is  a  strong  need  for  an  efficient  interface  mechanism  to  simplify  the  management  and  interconnection  of  things.  however,  the  compatibility  issue  among  the  heterogeneous  devices  should  be  taken  into  consideration  and  addressed  for  the  interactions  among  things  .  illustrates  how  this  revolution  in  the  medical  will  look  in  a  typical  iot  hospital,  in  practice.  the  patient  will  have  an  id  card,  which,  when  scanned,  links  to  a  secure  cloud  which  stores  their  electronic  health  record  vitals  and  lab  results  and  medical  and  prescription  histories.  iothospital  scenario
__label__productinspection 66.  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  several  benefits  for  health  applications  such  as  remote  health  monitoring,  fitness  programs,  chronic  diseases,  children  care  and  elderly  care.  furthermore,  it  allows  sharing  and  controlling  the  information  between  human  to  human  or  humanobject  or  between  objects  using  the  internet  via  ubiquitous  sensors  .  therefore,  various  medical  devices,  sensors,  and  diagnostic  and  imaging  devices  can  be  viewed  as  smart  devices  or  objects  constituting  a  core  part  of  the  iot  .  the  iotbased  ehealth  monitoring  method  will  help  in  reducing  the  number  of  visits  to  a  doctor,  and  even  the  doctor  can  monitor  his  or
__label__productinspection her  patient  from  anywhere.  as  this  is  a  technology  not  so  feasible  now,  but  in  coming  years,  this  technology  will  meet  the  physical  world  definitely.  the  ehealth  solutions  provided  through  iot  devices  are  more  accurate  and  accountable  in  the  emerging  iot  business  landscape,  which  offers  and  provides  various  opportunities  and  challenges  to  an  industry  .  the  iot  technology  is  still  understudy  to  utilise  it  in  the  health  sector  in  different  regions  in  order  to  combine  the  information  with  control  and  monitoring  such  as  china,  us,  canada,  etc.  as  a  historical  background,  the  internet  of  things  was  discovered  by  kevin  ashton
__label__productinspection in  1998  to  facilitate  information  exchange  over  the  wideworld  where  every  physical  object  connected  through  the  internet  with  a  unique  identification  and  can  be  monitored  everywhere.  one  of  the  facilities  of  iot  for  information  systems  is  that  it  can  provide  services  anywhere,  anytime,  and  on  any  media  .  in  healthcare,  the  internet  of  things  enables  the  potential  benefits  to  achieve  a  high  rate  of  exchange  of  massive  information  among  organisations  and  organisation  itself.  some  advantages  of  using  internet  treatments  included  selfpaced,  interactive,  of  tailored  service,  multimedia  format,  greater  accuracy  reporting  symptoms,  timely  information,  accessibility,  low  cost,  standardisation  and  increased  user
__label__productinspection and  supplier  control  of  the  intervention.  sensor  technology  and  automated  data  collection  enable  passive  monitoring  of  psychological  states  that  can  alert  patients  and  healthcare  providers  to  acute  and  chronic  stress  states  .  these  sensors  can  be  used  in  monitoring  patients,  tracking  daily  activities,  and  caring  for  the  chronic  disease  people  or  patients  who  have  special  states  .  this  information  offers  treatment  that  is  evidence  based  from  the  information  obtained  from  sensors  and  monitoring  activities.  all  the  applications  of  this  technology  culminated  in  increased  comfort,  convenience,  and  better  management,  thereby  improving  the  quality  of  life.  shows  the  multiple  advantages  and  disadvantages
__label__productinspection of  internet  of  thingsbased  healthcare  monitoring  and  management  of  health  system.  the  iot  advantages  and  disadvantages.  many  open  challenges  need  to  be  addressed  by  new  research  and  investigation,  mostly  due  to  the  complex  deployment  characteristics  of  such  systems  and  the  stringent  requirements  imposed  by  various  services  wishing  to  make  use  of  such  complex  systems.  thus,  it  becomes  critically  important  to  study  how  the  current  approaches  to  standardisation  in  this  area  can  be  improved  and  at  the  same  time  better  understand  the  opportunities  for  the  research  community  to  contribute  to  the  iot  field  .  in  addition,  many  other  technologies  and  devices
__label__productinspection such  as  barcodes,  smart  phones,  social  networks,  and  cloud  computing  are  being  used  to  form  an  extensive  network  for  supporting  iot  ,  as  shown  in  .  technologies  associated  with  iot  67.  the  healthcare  applications  and  system  have  adopted  several  types  of  innovation  technologies/devices  in  order  to  enhance  the  performance  of  healthcare  services  delivered.  most  of  these  systems  and  applications  are  contributing  to  use  iot  or  smart  technology  devices  to  perform  better  advantage  in  healthcare  services.  these  iot  applications  and  healthcare  devices  are  called  hiot.the  healthcare  device  implements  dedicated  sensor,  and  holds  high  collecting  precision  advantage,  while  it  is  also  having
__label__productinspection a  number  of  disadvantages  such  as  insufficient  portability,  high  cost  and  usability.  this  type  of  device  possesses  the  following  features:  wearability:  most  of  the  hiot  applications  offer  sensing  on  the  human  body  so  they  collect  data  exactly  and  take  vital  signs  of  the  human  body  as  collecting  targets.  thus,  most  of  the  existing  medical  health  devices  make  the  wearability  as  the  basic  requirement  of  collection  of  human  body  vital  signs.  on  this  vein,  the  users  feel  more  comfortable  and  can  be  enhanced  and  the  accuracy  of  the  collected  health  data  can  be  guaranteed  through  the  collecting  procedure.  the  layout  of
__label__productinspection common  human  body  sensors  is  shown  in  .  long  working  time:  the  ways  of  dedicated  health  collecting  data  are  several  for  instance  universal  mobile  devices,  wearable  devices,  pedometer,  etc.  the  purpose  of  these  devices  is  to  collect  data  from  the  human  body  for  a  relatively  long  time  period  that  requires  high  power  and  capability.  constancy  or  stability:  hiot  has  high  ability  to  collect  data  very  normally  even  though  the  users  are  under  strenuous  exercise  or  in  an  extreme  environment.  low  participation  degree  of  users:  the  functionality  of  hiot  applications  and  devices  are  relatively  independent,  as  well  as  most  hiot  devices
__label__productinspection do  not  require  the  intervention  of  users  during  the  collecting  data  procedure.  in  addition,  the  users  need  to  start  up  the  power  source  only,  and  the  hiot  device  will  start  collecting  data.  possessing  data  interim  storage  mechanism:  the  dimensions  and  weight  of  hiot  maybe  limited  strictly  in  order  to  meet  the  wearable  feature.  thus,  most  hiot  devices  do  not  integrate  the  data  transmission  module,  but  can  select  the  data  storage  module  with  relatively  small  dimensions  and  adopt  the  data  interim  storage  mechanism  in  order  to  store  the  collected  data  in  advance,  and  then  transmit  the  data  through  other  network  access
__label__productinspection devices  accurately.  layout  of  common  human  body  sensors.  using  iot  can  improve  and  modify  the  delivered  healthcare  services  in  the  following  aspects:  relying  on  sensingbased  screening  and  assessment  technologies  in  home  and  community  environments  can  reduce  the  physical  pressure  on  the  environment  of  hospitals  and  turn  this  information  into  an  electronic  flow  of  information.  changing  the  medication  process  from  a  reactive  model  to  a  proactive  and  preventative  model  can  significantly  minimise  the  hospital  admission  expenses  for  acute  events.  improving  the  personalisation  of  healthcare  processes  allows  individuals  to  monitor  and  identify  their  risk  factors,  seek  preventative  intervention  and  treatment  and  live
__label__productinspection independently.  in  this  way,  personalising  healthcare  processes  has  a  significant  positive  impact  on  the  psychological  and  physiological  states  of  patients.  improving  the  management  of  clinical  workloads  can  allow  healthcare  systems  to  effectively  prioritise  those  patients  who  have  the  highest  need  for  medical  services.  supporting  selfcare  diagnostic  processes  for  monitoring  vital  signs  and  other  various  measurements  can  produce  data  that  are  shared  with  physicians  either  personally  or  by  phone  in  order  for  them  to  make  effective  diagnoses.  these  diagnoses  can  sometimes  be  automated  for  simple  illnesses,  such  as  flu.  pointofcare  tests  can  be  optimised  by  reducing  the  time  of  diagnosis,  which
__label__productinspection in  turn  can  be  achieved  by  reducing  the  requirements  for  sending  samples  to  be  tested.  for  example,  automatic  testing  by  using  blood  pressure  cuffs  and  digital  thermometers  can  help  physicians  review  the  history  of  their  patients  while  performing  the  necessary  measurements.  among  its  practical  advantages,  iot  can  encourage  the  development  of  smart  systems  that  support  and  improve  biomedical  and  healthcare  processes.  monitoring  the  physiological  parameters  of  patients  in  real  time  can  also  facilitate  the  early  detection  of  clinical  deterioration,  automatic  people  identification  and  tracking  by  using  biomedical  devices  in  smart  hospitals  and  monitoring  drugpatient  associations  .  illustrates  the  iot  scenario
__label__productinspection in  smart  hospitals.  a  patient  with  an  emergency  case  is  given  a  wearable  device  that  detects  the  nearest  ed  that  offers  the  required  services.  upon  being  notified  of  an  emergency  case,  the  ed  dispatches  an  ambulance  to  the  location  of  the  patient  and  delivers  the  necessary  care  services.  upon  its  arrival,  the  ambulance  links  the  biobank  of  patient  information  to  a  secure  cloud  that  stores  the  ehrs,  laboratory  test  results  and  medical  and  prescription  histories  of  the  patient.  this  process  can  help  health  practitioners  understand  the  status  of  their  patients  quickly,  easily  and  effectively.  iot  in  the  healthcare  scenario.  iot
__label__productinspection in  hie  systems  is  mostly  designed  to  store,  enter,  receive  and  exchange  health  information.  this  system  increases  the  number  of  devices  and  enhances  the  mobility  of  information  to  support  health  professionals  in  their  consultations.  despite  the  benefits  of  using  iot  in  hospitals,  several  challenges  related  to  availability,  reliability,  mobility,  performance,  management  scalability,  interoperability,  security  and  privacy  must  be  considered  during  its  application  .  collecting  and  exchanging  health  information  have  become  challenging  due  to  the  increasing  population  and  demands  for  health  services.  these  challenges  can  hinder  the  successful  adoption  of  hie.the  following  issues  and  challenges  related  to  hie  adoption  have  been
__label__productinspection identified  from  the  literature:  unified  patients  data:  this  challenge  refers  to  the  combination  of  patients  data  that  are  obtained  from  ehr  systems  that  are  being  operated  by  healthcare  providers  e.g.  aged  care  providers,  hospitals  and  healthcare  specialists  for  the  purpose  of  sharing  information.  the  unification  of  patient  data  provides  excellent  opportunities  in  continuing  care,  improving  care  quality  and  analysing  and  monitoring  care  service  delivery  and  patient  health  outcomes.  teamwork  of  care:  teamwork  refers  to  collaboration  among  healthcare  practitioners  with  the  shared  aim  of  exchanging  information  .  the  communication  deficiency  among  groups  of  healthcare  professionals,  departments  or  clinics  has  been  identified
__label__productinspection as  the  main  driver  of  critical  safety  incidents  in  tertiary  care  clinics.  however,  with  the  growing  complexity  of  healthcare  provision,  the  availability  of  patient  information  has  been  considered  highly  significant  in  the  healthcare  industry.  therefore,  teamwork  places  less  effort  in  promoting  the  availability  of  information.  a  survey  of  primary  care  doctors  from  10  countries  identified  the  overall  communication,  coordination  of  healthcare  and  teamwork  as  common  challenges  in  hie  adoption.  the  lack  of  integration  among  primary  care,  specialty  care  and  hospitals  can  also  put  patients  at  risk  and  lead  to  duplicative  care,  particularly  for  those  patients  suffering  from  complex  chronic  illnesses
__label__productinspection .  the  full  potential  of  teamwork  is  seldom  realised  due  to  training  problems  and  the  lack  of  trust  in  the  reliability  of  healthcare  services.  physicians  are  also  often  blamed  for  the  errors  that  may  occur  during  the  provision  of  these  services.  security  and  privacy:  due  to  security  and  privacy  concerns  ,  ,  ,  many  physicians  and  healthcare  providers  prefer  to  store  patient  records  on  computers  or  local  systems  that  are  not  connected  to  the  internet  .  despite  the  benefits  of  largescale  hie,  a  comparative  study  of  the  medical  record  exchange  practices  in  australia,  canada  germany,  netherlands,  new  zealand,  the  uk
__label__productinspection and  the  us  revealed  that  germany  lacks  a  single  approach  for  hie  and  that  healthcare  software  companies  have  achieved  minimal  success  in  their  development  of  infrastructures  where  physicians  can  exchange  clinical  data  due  to  security  concerns.  similar  to  other  countries,  the  substantial  privacy  and  security  concerns  in  the  uk  and  the  netherlands  have  driven  the  resistance  of  healthcare  professionals  to  hie  despite  the  benefits  of  this  practice.  address  shortage:  another  important  issue  that  hinders  the  adoption  of  hie  is  the  storage  of  health  information  in  a  single  pool.  cloud  computing  or  other  related  technologies  may  be  used  as  storage  to
__label__productinspection allow  healthcare  practitioners  to  access  and  utilise  health  information  at  any  time  and  place.  storing  information  online  emerges  as  the  most  popular  choice  even  though  most  users  have  expressed  their  concerns  about  storing  their  personal  information  on  the  internet.  in  addition,  the  collected  data  must  be  managed  and  comply  with  standard  formats  and  protocols  in  order  for  them  to  be  retrieved  and  used  by  other  healthcare  providers.  however,  a  common  standard  protocol  for  these  data  is  yet  to  be  devised  .  furthermore,  patients  should  be  allowed  to  access  to  their  own  data  and  be  given  the  right  to  dispose  of
__label__productinspection these  data  freely  and  ensure  that  their  information  is  kept  secure.  patient  consent:  the  success  of  hie  also  depends  on  public  support,  the  willingness  of  patients  to  share  their  health  information  and  their  consent  to  have  their  health  information  shared  with  other  parties  via  hie  ,  .  a  study  that  examined  the  attitudes  of  patients  towards  giving  consent  revealed  that  the  majority  91  of  the  participating  adult  patients  expect  to  be  asked  for  their  consent  before  their  identifiable  records  are  accessed  and  used  for  health  provision,  research  or  planning  while  only  9.2  of  these  respondents  do  not  expect  to  be
__label__productinspection asked  for  their  consent  .  compatibility:  compatibility  refers  to  the  degree  to  which  the  potential  adopters  perceive  innovation  as  consistent  with  their  values,  previous  experiences  and  needs.  therefore,  based  on  physicians  expectations,  the  hie  system  should  be  compatible  with  their  work  style  and  needs  to  motivate  them  to  adopt  such  technology.  this  issue  has  a  significant  effect  on  the  usage  of  innovation  to  promote  hie  among  hospitals  .  hospital  workflow:  healthcare  professionals  need  to  transform  the  hie  system  to  satisfy  their  demand  for  a  faster  access  to  patient  information,  which  in  turn  can  reduce  their  workflow.  issues  related  to  workflow
__label__productinspection are  important  barriers  that  prevent  the  implementation  of  technologies  in  some  health  practices.  physicians  in  practices  without  emr  are  generally  reluctant  to  use  computers  to  write  prescriptions  because  these  technologies  are  unavailable  in  many  examination  rooms.  therefore,  hie  must  promote  consistency  in  workflows  by  facilitating  staff  training  to  improve  their  efficiency  and  by  providing  clinical  information  with  minimal  effort  at  any  time  or  location  ,  .  system  capacity:  in  order  to  facilitate  hie,  the  systems  being  used  in  hospitals  should  be  effective  and  sustainable.  zhang  etal.  attributed  the  limitation  of  system  capacity  to  the  following  causes:  the  failure  to  implement
__label__productinspection tecihnological  advancements  in  most  hospitals  and  the  need  to  upgrade  the  hie  system  to  improve  its  capability.  the  delayed  development  of  a  standardcompliant  hie  system  in  many  hospitals.  the  overlapping  functions  among  the  needs  of  several  regions,  which  reduce  the  need  for  information  exchange.  however,  exchanging  patient  records,  including  summaries  and  test  results,  among  healthcare  practitioners  is  not  yet  considered  a  norm  in  many  countries.  in  the  us,  new  zealand  and  canada,  the  current  capacity  of  healthcare  practitioners  to  share  health  information  only  ranges  between  14  and  55  ,  .  with  the  technological  advancements  in  networking,  ehrs  can  be  accessed
__label__productinspection by  using  various  devices  and  stored  in  remote  data  centres.  to  further  understand  the  current  utilisation  of  iot  in  the  healthcare  sector,  the  related  models/frameworks  are  reviewed  as  follows:  given  the  increasing  demand  of  health  organisations  for  access  to  patient  records  around  the  world,  tyagi  etal.  developed  a  cloud  iotbased  healthcare  framework  and  proposed  platform  as  a  service  paas  and  infrastructure  as  a  service  iaas,  which  help  patients  find  the  best  care  at  the  optimal  cost  by  allowing  them  to  securely  store  and  share  their  health  information  to  healthcare  organisations  .  patients  can  perform  selfassessment  to  monitor  their  conditions  and
__label__productinspection find  hospitals  that  provide  the  healthcare  services  they  need  the  most.  however,  the  benefits  of  the  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  are  offset  by  issues  related  to  trust,  privacy  and  security,  all  of  which  must  be  addressed  before  healthcare  providers  decide  to  adopt  this  framework.  moreover,  the  security  requirements  for  the  implementation  of  this  model  are  yet  to  be  fulfilled  and  its  results  need  to  be  tested  .  and  summarise  this  framework.  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  56.  actors  in  the  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  56.  collecting  data  from  things,  devices  and  multiple  sources  presents  a  significant  problem.  patients  can  be  classified  into  those  patients
__label__productinspection who  are  having  elective  treatment  and  those  emergency  patients  who  require  immediate  treatment  .  those  elective  patients  who  do  not  require  emergency  treatment  may  experience  health  deterioration  and  eventually  require  emergency  treatment  or  tests.  a  hospital  setting  is  characterised  by  dynamic  uncertainty  and  a  frequent  need  to  dynamically  change  the  treatment  pathway.  manate  etal.  proposed  the  intelligent  contextaware  decision  support  icads  system,  which  provides  an  effective  basis  for  rescheduling  and  prioritising  essential  services  while  maximising  the  effectiveness  of  the  staff  in  knowing  the  health  status  of  their  patients,  planning  emergency  treatment  requirements  and  providing  quality  care.  even  though  this  system
__label__productinspection can  produce  exciting  benefits  for  the  stakeholders  of  the  healthcare  industry,  several  complexities  and  challenges  in  hospital  settings  need  to  be  addressed  before  implementing  icads  .  summarises  this  system.  model  of  a  typical  icads  31.  many  mobile  health  applications  are  still  operating  offline  and  are  yet  to  be  integrated  into  the  semantic  web  technologies  for  ehealth  services  .  moreover,  a  unified  rationale  for  developing  healthcare  development  applications  and  middleware  solutions  is  lacking.  therefore,  users  must  build  generic  iot  applications  to  combine  several  domains.  datta  etal.  proposed  the  machinetomachine  m3  framework,  which  enables  the  provision  of  smart,  connected  and  personalised  healthcare
__label__productinspection and  wellness  services  to  people  living  in  smart  homes  .  this  framework  involves  the  use  of  wearable  devices  that  collect  patient  data,  which  are  then  transmitted  to  smartphones  that  act  as  intermediate  gateways.  these  data  are  then  transmitted  to  remote  cloud  web  interfaces  to  maintain  endtoend  security.  the  cloud  computing  platform  is  mainly  targeted  to  manage  patient  data.  however,  this  method  does  not  allow  patients  to  receive  a  highlevel  abstraction  of  the  data  collected  by  wearable  devices  .  summarises  this  framework.  operational  flow  of  the  m3  framework  58.  prayoga  and  abraham  iteratively  tested,  applied,  refined  and  validated  the  behavioural  intention
__label__productinspection in  technology  acceptance  model  tam  as  one  of  the  most  prominent  models  used  in  greater  jakarta  to  identify  those  variables  that  could  predict  the  intention  of  individuals  to  utilise  iot  health  devices  and  integrate  them  into  a  theoretical  model  .  they  analysed  technology  acceptance  from  the  perspective  of  tam  and  used  perceived  usefulness  as  the  main  predictor  of  behavioural  intention.  they  also  proposed  a  theoretical  model  to  outline  some  important  predictors  of  the  behavioural  intention  of  individuals  to  use  iot  health  devices.  they  performed  a  questionnaire  survey  among  186  college  students  from  different  faculties  to  test  the  hypothesised  relationships  between
__label__productinspection factors.  as  shown  in  the  survey  results,  91  of  the  respondents  agreed  that  health  trackers  can  help  them  achieve  their  personal  health  goals,  89  believed  that  these  devices  can  change  their  health  patterns  and  90  thought  that  these  devices  will  revolutionise  healthcare  systems.  although  87  of  these  respondents  had  searched  for  healthrelated  information  online  while  35  had  heard  about  such  technology,  only  13  of  them  had  actually  used  health  trackers  .  summarises  the  iot  behavioural  intention  model.  iot  behavioural  intention  model  60.  roy  etal.  proposed  a  model  that  facilitates  the  adoption  of  iotbased  innovations  in  urban  poor  communities  .  this
__label__productinspection model  identifies  five  sources  of  innovation,  namely,  nutrition,  healthcare,  employment,  education  and  finances.  they  also  argued  that  iot  can  positively  affect  the  urban  poor  by  providing  them  access  to  various  types  of  services,  including  healthcare,  education  and  food  security.  their  study  was  conducted  in  four  stages,  including  a  literature  review,  a  survey  of  the  target  users,  interviews  with  experts  and  a  usability  test  of  a  prototype  technology  system.  they  assumed  that  the  implemented  system  needs  to  provide  quality  service  to  its  users  and  that  users  should  experience  tangible  benefits  and  receive  some  training.  these  factors  can  help  service  providers  deliver
__label__productinspection excellent  services  to  their  consumers  and  subsequently  drive  a  higher  consumer  satisfaction  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  .  model  of  iotbased  innovations  for  the  urban  poor  21.  jagatheesan  etal.  argued  that  multiple  sensors  with  various  applications  from  each  manufacturer  are  easily  configurable  yet  are  generally  not  preferred  by  their  users  .  therefore,  they  proposed  the  multiple  producer  multiple  consumer  mpmc  network  that  aggregates  human  interfaces  to  allow  users  to  control  any  part  of  the  data  distribution  framework.  this  framework  includes  a  scenario  where  iotbased  multiple  sensors  are  used  as  producers  of  data  and  multiple  iot  services  are  used  as
__label__productinspection consumers  of  these  data.  their  findings  highlighted  how  the  experiences  and  perspectives  of  users  affect  the  data  framework  design  in  mpmc  environments  by  using  the  drop  data  framework  infrastructure.  however,  this  network  does  not  serve  the  needs  of  iot  users,  and  service  providers  are  unable  to  choose  among  multiple  options  and  the  security  or  actual  data  transfer  protocols  are  usually  lacking  .  the  mpmc  framework  is  illustrated  in  .  mpmc  framework  61.  the  researchers  investigated  a  case  of  a  diabetic  patient  in  an  emergency  situation  .  they  proposed  the  iot  communication  framework  as  the  main  enabler  of  distributed  worldwide  healthcare
__label__productinspection applications.  the  main  actors  in  this  model  include  the  monitored  patients,  physicians  and  distributed  information  databases.  their  findings  contribute  to  the  actual  implementation  of  a  comprehensive  healthcare  system  within  iot.they  also  highlighted  the  importance  of  using  different  devices,  networks  and  processes  in  analysing  diabetes  progression.  however,  this  framework  is  not  yet  completely  available,  the  components  presented  in  the  use  case  are  at  different  stages  of  realisation  and  the  proposed  framework  does  not  integrate  runtime  sensing  information  into  healthcare  records  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  and  .  iot  ehealth  system  model  29.  iot  ehealth  process  model  29.  manashty  etal.  aimed
__label__productinspection to  fill  the  gap  between  symptoms  and  diagnosis  trend  data  in  order  to  predict  health  anomalies  accurately  and  quickly  .  not  one  of  the  existing  systems  can  act  as  a  bridge  between  different  systems  to  facilitate  knowledge  transfer  and  to  enhance  their  detection  and  prediction  capabilities.  these  systems  are  also  unable  to  use  the  data  and  knowledge  provided  by  similar  systems  due  to  the  complexity  involved  in  the  data  sharing  process.  storing  information  also  presents  a  challenge  due  to  the  high  volume  of  data  generated  by  each  sensor.  therefore,  manashty  etal.  proposed  the  healthcare  event  aggregation  lab  heal  model,  a
__label__productinspection platform  that  provides  services  to  developers  and  leverages  the  previously  processed  data  and  the  corresponding  detected  symptoms.  the  proposed  architecture  is  cloudbased  and  provides  services  for  input  sensors,  iot  devices  and  context  providers.  the  heal  platform  is  an  integrated  system  for  highlevel  behaviour  monitoring  that  supports  many  users  and  systems  in  their  longterm  analysis,  thereby  bridging  the  gap  among  many  systems.  however,  manashty  etal.  did  not  perform  multiple  case  studies  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  the  proposed  system  in  complex  heterogeneous  scenarios  with  knowledge  sharing  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  .  cloudbased  heal  platform  model  62.  sheriff  etal.  proposed
__label__productinspection a  reference  framework  for  healthcare  informatics  and  analytics  by  integrating  iot,  complex  event  processing  cep  and  big  data  analytics  .  this  framework  can  serve  as  a  reference  in  implementing  a  holistic  healthcare  informatics  and  analytics  ecosystem.  integrating  iot,  cep  and  big  data  analytics  technologies  can  solve  specific  problems.  specifically,  cep  can  support  the  realtime  and  nearrealtime  analytical  processing  of  patient  events  from  different  sources  by  using  big  data  and  ubiquitous  communication  via  iot.in  the  future,  sheriff  etal.  are  planning  to  use  this  framework  as  a  foundation  for  developing  a  healthcare  application  system  that  can  address  the  informatics  and  analytic  needs
__label__productinspection of  healthcare  and  other  dependent  industries.  however,  they  did  not  test  the  performance  of  this  framework  .  this  framework  is  illustrated  in  .  reference  framework  63.  pir  etal.  developed  the  hmis  framework  with  context  awareness  for  developing  the  management  systems  of  smart  hospitals  based  on  iot  .  they  introduced  context  awareness  as  a  middleware  of  the  iot  architecture  to  overcome  the  problems  in  large  data  management.  this  framework  consists  of  three  layers,  including  a  physical  layer,  network  layer  and  application  layer.  the  physical  layer,  also  known  as  the  perception  layer,  collects  data  and  communicates  them  to  the  network  layer.  the
__label__productinspection network  layer  then  processes  and  transmits  these  data  to  the  application  layer.  context  awareness,  which  is  located  above  the  network  layer  as  middleware,  analyses  the  data  and  transfers  only  the  required  data  to  the  application  layer.  afterwards,  the  application  layer  defines  the  context  of  the  data  based  on  the  problems  faced  by  users  when  interacting  with  the  system.  however,  pir  etal.  did  not  test  the  applicability  of  this  framework  for  users  from  a  specific  hospital  .  their  proposed  hmis  framework  is  presented  in  .  hmis  framework  64.  chatterjee  and  armentano  identified  several  issues,  such  as  the  availability  of  a  live
__label__productinspection data  connection  and  the  security  structure  of  a  system,  which  prompted  them  to  develop  a  system  for  a  smart  medical  environment  that  provides  ubiquitous  services  .  specifically,  they  proposed  a  model  with  an  inclusive  approach  for  applying  iot  in  a  smart  medical  environment  that  provides  ubiquitous  services.  this  model  virtually  stores  patient  data  and  makes  them  ubiquitously  accessible  to  the  concerned  healthcare  personnel  in  order  to  be  shared.  another  important  aspect  of  using  these  data  lies  in  the  design  of  an  intelligent  clinical  decision  support  system  that  can  help  doctors  when  delivering  treatment.  however,  chatterjee  and  armentano  failed  to  address
__label__productinspection the  requirements  for  adopting  iot  and  only  focused  on  the  inclusion  of  technologies  in  the  healthcare  sector,  thereby  limiting  the  generalisability  of  the  factors  that  they  proposed  for  different  types  of  hospitals  in  various  countries  .  the  schematic  diagram  of  their  iotbased  remote  treatment  model  is  summarised  in  .  schematic  diagram  of  the  iotbased  remote  treatment  model  10.  gupta  etal.  examined  the  design  and  implementation  of  an  iotbased  health  monitoring  system  for  emergency  medical  services  .  this  system  demonstrates  the  flexible  collection,  integration  and  interoperation  of  iot  data  that  can  provide  support  to  emergency  medical  services.  their  proposed  model  allows
__label__productinspection users  to  improve  healthrelated  risks  and  reduce  healthcare  costs  by  collecting,  recording,  analysing  and  sharing  large  amounts  of  data  in  real  time.  this  system  uses  smart  sensors  that  collect  and  send  raw  data  to  a  database  server  where  they  are  further  analysed  and  statistically  maintained  to  be  used  by  medical  experts.  the  results  are  deployed  and  tested  on  a  patient  whose  personal  details  are  inputted  into  a  web  portal.  this  patient  is  then  connected  to  a  health  monitoring  system  that  includes  a  heart  rate  sensor  and  a  temperature  sensor.  however,  gupta  etal.  did  not  consider  in  their  work  some  factors
__label__productinspection in  the  organisational  and  system  domain  as  identified  in  the  literature  review.  they  also  did  not  consider  the  actual  examination  of  healthcare  professionals  .  the  proposed  health  monitoring  system  is  illustrated  in  .  iotbased  smart  healthcare  kit  model  65.  the  aforementioned  models/framework  for  iot  use  in  healthcare  can  be  classified  based  on  the  technological,  system  and  individual  aspects  as  summarised  in  .  models/frameworks  for  iot  use  in  healthcare.  in  sum,  most  studies  on  iot  use  in  healthcare  have  some  limitations  related  to  their  context  of  use,  antecedents  of  implementation  and  need  of  use.  moreover,  these  studies  have  only  focused  on
__label__productinspection specific  domains  to  achieve  certain  needs  for  using  iot  in  the  healthcare  context.  their  models/frameworks  are  only  designed  for  certain  circumstances  and  environments  related  to  the  context  and  needs  for  which  they  are  developed.  meanwhile,  very  few  researchers  have  examined  the  actual  implementation  of  iot  in  hospitals.  therefore,  further  study  must  be  conducted  to  generalise  the  application  of  these  frameworks  for  hospitals.  the  literature  review  shows  that  the  direct  effect  of  technological  and  systemrelated  factors  on  the  utilisation  behaviour  of  individuals  has  received  no  to  limited  input  from  previous  research.  the  limitations  of  the  aforementioned  frameworks/models  are  summarised  in  .
__label__productinspection limitations  of  models/frameworks  for  iot  use  in  healthcare.  iot  use  has  become  an  urgent  need  for  public  hospitals  and  their  technical  and  management  activities.  a  successful  iot  use  is  influenced  by  how  well  this  technology  fulfils  the  expectations  of  its  users.  the  implementers  of  this  technology  must  identify  the  implementation  requirements  from  the  managements  perspective  and  align  the  implementation  with  the  goals  of  hospitals  in  order  to  ensure  a  successful  implementation  and  utilisation.  shows  that  most  studies  on  iot  use  in  healthcare  have  some  limitations  related  to  their  identified  factors  as  well  as  their  context  and  purpose  of  use.  these
__label__productinspection factors  are  also  limited  to  certain  developed  and  developing  countries.  in  addition,  the  actual  use  of  iot  in  hie  has  never  been  reviewed  in  the  literature.  specifically,  some  models  and  frameworks  have  been  designed  only  for  specific  contexts,  circumstances  and  environments.  meanwhile,  other  scholars  have  merely  proposed  models/frameworks  without  any  post  examination  or  evaluation,  thereby  making  these  models/frameworks  unsuitable  for  examining  iot  use  in  hie  for  different  reasons.  these  studies  also  do  not  focus  on  the  hie  context  and  ignore  the  organisational,  technological  and  individual  aspects.  some  of  the  proposed  models  have  merely  focused  on  security  and  privacy  concerns  and
__label__productinspection ignored  all  the  other  aspects  related  to  organisational  and  technological  issues.  very  few  studies  have  examined  ehealth  and  mhealth  architectures  that  use  smartphone  sensors  and  wearable  devices  to  sense  and  transmit  important  patient  data.  as  a  summary,  this  chapter  shows  that  a  model/framework  specifically  for  iot  use  in  hie  is  yet  to  be  developed  and  that  only  few  studies  have  examined  the  use  of  iot  in  this  type  of  exchange.  however,  most  of  the  extant  studies  have  identified  hie  as  a  huge  challenge  for  most  countries  and  that  the  hie  among  healthcare  providers  is  very  limited  at  present.  this  study
__label__productinspection was  motivated  by  the  gaps  in  the  literature  and  several  issues  related  to  hie,  including  the  limited  capabilities  of  clinical  centres  and  the  perceived  need  for  early  detection.  another  concern  related  to  the  interoperability  of  various  smart  electronic  devices  has  also  been  raised.  the  findings  presented  in  this  chapter  offer  a  foundation  for  future  work  on  this  topic.  proposing  a  process  or  framework  may  also  be  considered  in  future  research  from  the  perspectives  of  healthcare  providers  and  management  to  offer  solutions  for  the  development  of  successful  iot  services  in  the  health  sector.  this  finding  offers  a  foundation  for  further  researchers
__label__productinspection in  several  ways.  the  success  factors  and  proposed  iot  implementation  process  identified  and  revealed  in  this  study  may  be  considered  in  future  research  from  perspectives  of  healthcare  providers  and  management,  and  thus  offer  a  solution  to  develop  successful  iot  services  in  the  health  sector.  2019  the  authors.  licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject  and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.
__label__productinspection edited  by  by  thierry  edoh  and  jules  degila  edited  by  by  moussa  diallo,  rodrigue  rabineau,  laurent  cariou  and  maryline  helard  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as  business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street  london,  ec3r  6af,  uk  phone:  44  0203  972  6202  2019  intechopen.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection in  late  december  2018,  international  data  corporation  idc  predicted  that  the  collective  sum  of  the  worlds  data  would  grow  from  the  current  zettabytes  to  175  zettabytes  by  2025,  much  of  it  produced  by  the  interconnected  devices  known  as  the  internet  of  things  iot.  unfamiliar  with  a  zettabyte?  to  put  it  in  perspective,  idc  describes  it  like  this:  if  one  were  able  to  store  175  zb  onto  bluray  discs,  then  youd  have  a  stack  of  discs  that  can  get  you  to  the  moon  23  times.  i  think  we  can  all  agree  thats  a  lot  of  data.  we  can  probably  also  agree
__label__productinspection that  data  is  useless  until  its  subjected  to  analysis.  until  recently,  organizations  that  wanted  to  perform  data  analysis  had  to  spend  time  and  money  to  develop  their  own  datacrunching  algorithms.  therefore  it  was  a  struggle  for  most  companies  to  manage  and  analyzeand,  as  a  result,  gain  benefit  fromiotgenerated  data.  today,  there  are  numerous  prebuilt  iot  analytics  solutions  on  the  market,  putting  data  analysis  within  reach  of  just  about  everyone.  the  availability  of  lowercost  iot  analytics  solutions  means  more  and  more  companies  are  able  to  present  a  stronger  business  case  for  trying  out  new  iot  analytics  applications.  below  are  some  of
__label__productinspection the  more  interesting  iot  analytics  use  cases  weve  heard  about;  if  you  know  of  others,  tweet  us  according  to  boris  shiklo  at  ,  theres  been  increased  interest  in  social  analytics  ,  where  companies  leverage  the  iot  to  gain  actionable  insights  about  an  audiences  behavior  and  emotional  response  at  sports  matches,  fashion  shows,  exhibitions,  and  other  events.  during  a  connected  event,  sensors  measure  temperature  and  heart  rate  from  a  particular  distance;  video  cameras  monitor  motion;  and  microphones  detect  cheering  and  booing.  machine  learning  algorithms  applied  to  the  data  reveal  the  level  of  audience  engagement  and  identify  their  emotional  responses.  the  insights
__label__productinspection obtained  with  the  analysis  can  be  used  for  increasing  future  engagement,  improving  the  effectiveness  of  marketing  campaigns,  and  boosting  brand  awareness  in  social  media.  aquafarming  or  aquaculture,  the  cultivation  of  plants  and  animals  in  water,  is  another  intriguing  iot  analytics  use  case.  nikolai  tenev,  founder  of  ,  describes  how  the  iot  is  helping  aquafarming  operations  gain  more  insight  into  their  harvesting  conditions.  using  a  variety  of  sensors,  they  can  gather  detailed  data  about  the  quality  of  the  environment,  including  the  temperature,  nutrients,  oxygen  levels,  light  levels,  and  more.  analysis  of  the  data  can  then  help  determine  what  isand  isntgood  for
__label__productinspection the  cultures,  which  helps  them  improve  the  water  quality  and  ultimately  boost  production.  with  the  right  data  and  the  right  iot  analytics  tools,  you  can  predict  the  future.  thats  no  small  thing  for  businesses,  who  lose  approximately  with  every  hour  of  downtime.  no  matter  what  industry  youre  in,  theres  an  opportunity  to  improve  operations  using  iotbased  restaurants,  for  example,  are  using  sensors  to  monitor  their  refrigeration  units,  allowing  them  to  address  potential  problems  before  a  failure  occurs  and  food  spoils.  manufacturers  are  doing  remote  equipment  monitoring  to  avoid  a  breakdown  of  critical  equipment  that  could  impact  the  entire  operation.  even
__label__productinspection office  buildings  are  getting  in  on  the  predictive  maintenance  trend.  in  an  effort  to  reduce  the  elevators  are  out  of  service  each  year,  theyre  putting  iot  devices  on  them.  data  analysis  could,  for  instance,  reveal  if  a  door  is  opening  more  frequently  than  normal,  which  may  indicate  a  problemand  a  future  trapped  tenant.  wouldnt  you  want  to  avoid  that  if  you  could?  theres  a  lot  the  iot  can  do  for  travelers  like  reducing  traffic  congestion  and  finding  available  parking,  but  these  days,  cities  arent  the  only  settings  where  the  iot  can  help.  in  mid2018,  the  city  of  denver,  colorado,  began
__label__productinspection embedded  with  sensors  into  a  section  of  roadway  as  part  of  a  trial  run  to  see  how  certain  data  might  be  used  on  the  states  mountainous  highways.  the  sensors  will  purportedly  deduce  things  like  the  speed,  weight,  and  direction  of  vehicles;  that  data  can  then  be  used  to  alert  authorities  to  accidents.  state  officials  have  noted  that  certain  areas  of  roadways,  like  a  particularly  dangerous  curve  on  highway  285,  have  high  accident  rates.  data  analytics  and  the  iot  make  it  possible  to  alert  emergency  responders  the  moment  an  accident  occurs.  aaina  bajaj  of  points  out  a  similar  iot  analytics  application:
__label__productinspection the  ability  to  detect  road  maintenance  issues.  the  project,  run  jointly  between  researchers  at  the  university  of  buffalo  and  changan  university  in  china,  is  studying  the  idea  of  embedding  sensors  underneath  road  surfaces  to  detect  moisture  and  pressure,  which  can  indicate  that  problems  are  beginning  to  form.  the  idea  is  to  detect  road  faults  before  they  happen,  and  help  motorists  avoid  traffic  accidents  due  to  damaged  roads.  healthcare  facilities  are  tapping  into  the  iot  at  an  astonishing  rateone  report  states  that  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  iot  technology  as  of  this  year.  iot  analytics  applications  in  healthcare  are  many,
__label__productinspection everything  from  xray  machines  that  use  artificial  intelligence  to  detect  problems,  to  using  asset  tracking  to  stay  on  top  of  critical  and  costly  equipment.  now,  a  new  generation  of  is  using  the  iot  to  provide  higherquality  care  for  patients.  the  new  beds  continuously  monitor  a  patients  heart  rate  and  respiratory  rate;  machine  learning  as  part  of  iot  data  analytics  can  then  help  detect  signs  of  deterioration  sooner.  by  some  estimates,  the  technology  inside  the  beds  have  been  shown  to  help  lower  code  bluerelated  mortality  by  and  cardiac  arrests  by  86.  the  artificial  intelligence  of  things  aiot  is  when  artificial  intelligence
__label__productinspection technologies  are  applied  to  the  data  analysis  process  and  sometimes  operational  aspects  of  the  network  itself.  the  goal  is  to  rapidly  extract  advanced  insights  from  iot  data  without  human  involvement.  this  is  commonly  done  via  machine  learning.  machine  learning  is  a  way  of  teaching  a  computer  system  to  learn  to  perform  certain  tasks,  such  as  making  predictions  or  recognizing  patterns  in  data.  when  applied  to  iot  data  analytics,  the  system  is  capable  of  providing  actionable  information  and  improving  decisionmaking.  some  into  their  platforms;  without  it  youre  less  likely  to  experience  the  full  benefit  of  the  iot.  still,  there  are  human
__label__productinspection responsibilities  that  go  along  with  advanced  data  analysis.  for  instance,  your  organization  will  need  to  contextualize  the  data  and  define  the  goals  and  objectives  of  analysis:  what  business  questions  do  you  want  to  answer?  youll  also  need  to  evaluate  your  companys  decisionmaking  process  to  ensure  you  can  keep  up  with  the  incoming  flow  of  data.  realtime  data  is  useful  in  the  now,  but  it  could  become  obsolete  with  the  passing  of  too  much  time.  corporations  arent  the  only  ones  looking  to  save  money  and  increase  efficiency;  farmers  are,  too.  in  fact,  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  grow  rapidly
__label__productinspection through  at  least  precision  farming  is  the  practice  of  using  iot  technologies  to  lower  the  cost  of  operation  and  improve  farm  performance.  it  enables  farmers  to  deliver  exactly  the  right  treatment  to  plants  and  livestock,  even  down  to  individual  animals  and  plants  per  square  meter.  for  example,  they  can  measure  variations  within  a  field  of  crops  and  make  decisions  about  how  to  best  apply  things  like  pesticides  and  fertilizers,  rather  than  having  to  apply  them  uniformly  across  the  field.  they  can  also  monitor  the  location  and  health  of  their  livestock  remotely,  which  helps  with  the  early  identification  of  sick  animals.
__label__productinspection hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is  a  publicly  traded  leader  in  sustainable  energy,  energy  conservation  solutions,  and  iot  technology.  to  learn  more  about  our  corporate  governance  visit  our  .
__label__productinspection the  technology  is  changing  the  way  business  and  individuals  live  and  work  in  their  daily  lives.  today,  industrial  operations,  manufacturing  units,  healthcare  centers,  government  offices,  educational  institutes,  and  businesses  the  world  over  are  able  to  gather  and  organize  data  from  diverse  sources.  they  can  analyze  it,  make  predictions,  and  perform  modeling  all  in  real  time.  we  are  headed  towards  a  datafrenzied  era,  where  data,  once  it  is  available  in  cyberspace,  will  become  a  source  of  analysis  for  anyone.  is  that  globally  beneficial  or  is  that  too  dangerous?  as  this  likes  to  warn  the  readers,  that  although  unstoppable  telecommunications  networks  have
__label__productinspection provided  a  tremendous  opportunity  to  drive  innovation  in  product  development,  to  reduce  operational  costs  while  maximizing  revenue,  the  stumbling  blocks  have  to  be  removed.  right  now,  even  with  many  iot  use  cases  running  successfully,  businesses  have  to  deal  with  it  standards,  limitations,  infrastructure  limitations,  and  skills  shortages.  the  internet  of  things  has  been  described  as  a  vast,  emerging  network  of  ipconnected  devices,  which  working  together,  can  deliver  massive  business  benefits  in  the  coming  years.  from  optimizing  asset  management  to  tracking  and  repairing  industrial  machines  in  real  time,  this  superb  technology  promises  to  bring  a  future  of  efficient  business  management  across
__label__productinspection the  globe.  however,  one  has  to  recognize  that  iots  future  success  is  largely  dependent  on  the  further  growth  and  development  of  allied  technologies  such  as  the  cloud,  big  data,  and  ,  to  name  a  few  because  these  technologies  work  in  tandem  to  deliver  business  solutions.  in  the  world  of  iot,  data  happens  outside  the  data  center  because  the  internet  has  tons  of  connected  devices  gathering  data  in  real  time.  the  the  future  of  iot:  on  the  edge  is  still  a  thing  of  the  future  as  these  devices  themselves  do  not  have  the  storage  or  computing  powers  of  large  machines  in
__label__productinspection data  centers.  in  ,  iot  platforms  are  enabling  inventory  or  material  tracking,  singlepoint  asset  control,  realtime  asset  monitoring,  and  unified  operational  intelligence.  as  an  example,  unit  has  implemented  iot  networks  in  their  locomotive  remanufacturing  plant  for  enhanced  manufacturing  efficiency.  in  service  and  support,  iot  devices  are  used  for  predictive  monitoring  and  timely  support  services.  in  ,  iot  devices  are  used  for  connecting  diverse  types  of  thirdparty  technology  platforms  like  device  clouds,  networks,  and  open  apis.  in  customer  management,  iot  devices  are  used  for  product  customization,  usage  and  performance  tracking,  remote  operations,  and  customer  self  service.  ,  a  provider  of  medical
__label__productinspection devices  and  software  applications,  uses  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  usage  and  performance  data  to  further  optimize  customers.  from  the  iot  use  cases  just  described,  the  post  now  moves  to  discuss  the  ten  use  cases  that  have  stunned  the  world  with  their  potentials  to  benefit  the  future  generations  of  humanity.  it  is  true;  iot  is  everywhere  the  new  world  of  smart  gadgets  and  apps  is  quite  thrilling;  and  for  the  first  time,  technology  has  attracted  the  attention  of  the  widest  human  population,  regardless  of  age  or  gender.  10  real  world  applications  of  internet  of  things  iot  explained  in  videos  offers
__label__productinspection some  fascinating  video  clips  of  iot  use  cases  the  applications  as  they  happen.  these  resources  clearly  indicate  that  currently,  iot  has  stormed  the  following  application  areas  with  doors  opening  up  for  more  applications  in  future.  for  more  information  on  iot  data  analytics,  the  article  titled  the  10  most  popular  internet  of  things  applications  right  now  talks  about  how  has  strengthened  the  above  application  areas.  also,  review  these  to  get  a  first  look  at  iot  in  action  in  production  processes.  in  terms  of  the  smart  industrial  iot,  look  at  the  ibm  blog  post  titled  the  top  5  industrial  iot  use  cases
__label__productinspection .  according  to  this  post,  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university  conducted  a  joint  study  to  explore  the  global  awareness  of  smart  asset  management  in  manufacturing,  and  the  study  revealed  that  currently,  though  85  percent  of  manufacturing  operations  are  concerned  about  asset  management  best  practices,  only  15  percent  of  the  surveyed  operations  have  implemented  best  practice  measures.  smart  meters  provide  one  way  for  manufacturing  operations  to  track,  monitor,  and  manage  their  energy  resources.  if  there  is  one  iot  use  case  that  is  really  working  to  benefit  much  of  the  global  population,  that  is  the  healthcare  industry
__label__productinspection applications.  years  ago,  telemetry  became  popular  in  healthcare  for  medical  data  collection  for  better  treatment  outcomes.  another  big  iot  devices  market  in  healthcare  is  eldercare,  which  is  deployed  to  track  and  monitor  elderly  patients.  in  the  field  of  medical  apps,  stringent  regulations  has  somewhat  slowed  down  the  rate  of  innovation.  due  to  regulations,  medical  centers  are  cautious  about  using  iot  technologies  that  are  not  vetted  though  wifi  has  gained  considerable  acclaim  among  the  medical  fraternity.  much  investments  and  research  efforts  have  recently  been  put  in  medical  apps  development,  and  we  may  see  the  fruits  of  such  labor  in  the  next
__label__productinspection few  years.  get  more  details  in  the  article  titled  how  iot  medical  devices  are  changing  health  care  today  .  in  a  consumerdriven  healthcare  market,  the  presence  of  iot  apps  can  enhance  personalized  healthcare  with  improved  patient  involvement,  which  can  potentially  increase  the  market  value  of  healthcare  providers.  patientgenerated  data  or  pgd,  as  described  in  the  article  no  appointment  necessary:  how  the  iot  and  patientgenerated  data  can  unlock  health  care  value  ,  can  substantially  enhance  diagnosis,  disease  management,  and  treatment  processes.  with  such  massive  data  at  hand,  healthcare  providers  can  detect  and  prepare  treatment  plans  for  patients  at  risk  of  specific
__label__productinspection health  conditions.  the  health  eheart  study  at  the  university  of  california  san  francisco  is  utilizing  pgd  to  understand  heart  diseases  and  discover  methods  to  predict  heart  conditions.  the  goal  of  pgd  is  not  only  to  enable  improved  treatments,  but  also  to  foster  closer  engagement  between  the  healthcare  provider  and  the  patient  for  collaborative  decision  making.  readers  will  information  about  other  iot  use  cases  in  hospitals  in  the  article  titled  iot  for  healthcare:  three  use  cases  .  can  you  envision  a  future  where  our  lives  are  completely  controlled  by  a  network  of  connected  devices  rendering  instant  access  to  data  and  insights
__label__productinspection that  aid  decision  making?  in  another  510  years  the  telecommunications  infrastructure  can  make  that  happen.  our  lives  will  evolve  from  datadriven  to  become  informeddecision  driven.  photo  credit:  jamesteohart/shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection clear  clear  search  menu  addcircleoutline  removecircleoutline  share  announcement  textsms  find  support  for  a  specific  problem  on  the  support  section  of  our  website.  please  let  us  know  what  you  think  of  our  products  and  services.  our  dedicated  information  section  provides  allows  you  to  learn  more  about  mdpi.  clear  electronics  2019  ,  8  7,768;  :  multispeciality  electronic  health  record  ehr  solutions  patient  portal  and  selfservice  software  blockchain  solutions  enterprise  software  design  authentication  confidentiality  selfhealing  fault  tolerance  resilience  data  freshness  liability  trust  memory  constraints  speed  of  computation  power  consumption  scalability  communication  channel  security  updates  2016  2016  2018  2015  2018  2017  2017  2018  2019
__label__productinspection 2019  2018  2019  2018  2015  2019  2018  2018  2017  2018  2017  2018  2016  2018  2017  2017  2016  2018  2018  2017  2017  2016  2016  2017  2018  2014  2017  2017  2014  2016  2016  2019  2018  2018  2018  2017  2016  2016  2019  2018  2018  2018  2018  2015  2018  2015  2016  2017  2018  2018  2017  2017  2018  2018  2017  2017  2017  2017  2016  2018  2018  2015  2018  2018  2015  2018  2018  2018  2018  2016  2017  2016  2018  2015  2018  2017  2015  2019  2019  figure  1.  figure  1.  figure  2.  figure  2.  figure  3.  figure  3.  figure  4.  figure  4.  figure  5.  figure  5.  figure
__label__productinspection 6.  figure  6.  figure  7.  figure  7.  figure  8.  figure  8.  figure  9.  figure  9.  figure  10.  figure  10.  figure  11.  figure  11.  table  1.  table  1.  table  2.  table  2.  table  3.  table  3.  table  4.  table  4.  table  5.  table  5.  table  6.  table  6.  table  7.  table  7.  table  8.  table  8.  diagnosis  drug  references  education  medical  news  telemedicine  medical  calculator  table  9.  table  9.  workout  diet  and  nutrition  mental  health  medical  records  table  10.  table  10.  subscribe  to  receive  issue  release  notifications  and  newsletters  from  mdpi  journals  clear
__label__productinspection created  with  science,  care,  and  insights  for  you  posted  by  in  february  2019  ,  ,  the  fourth  installment  of  our  framing  the  industries  series  explores  how  the  internet  of  things  technologies  and  machine  learning  capabilities  can  fundamentally  disrupt  and  innovate  the  healthcare  sector  benefiting  multiple  levels,  from  operational  to  patient  care.  one  of  the  most  complex  challenges  of  modern  society  is  the  impact  of  the  upcoming  demographic  change.  the  worlds  population  is  aging  at  a  staggering  pace.  the  that  between  2015  and  2050,  the  proportion  of  the  worlds  population  over  60  years  will  nearly  double  from  12  to  22.  as
__label__productinspection of  2020,  the  number  of  people  aged  60  years  and  older  will  outnumber  children  younger  than  5  years.  arguably,  innovative  ideas  can  alleviate  this  impact.  with  technologies  associated  with  the  internetofthings  iot,  blockchain  and  machine  learning,  a  number  of  issues  can  be  addressed  or  potentially  resolved.  in  line  with  making  technological  advancements,  the  healthcare  sector  is  set  to  become  increasingly  digitized  and  connected,  partially  in  response  to  socioeconomic  pressures.  in  conjunction  with  an  exponential  growth  in  the  number  of  connected  iot  devices,  the  number  of  such  iot  healthcare  units  is  steadily  growing.  within  the  european  union,  the  number  of  those
__label__productinspection units  is  expected  to  increase  in  the  following  decade:  11  million  units  from  2017  are  forecasted  to  grow  to  16.5  million  units  by  2020,  and  expected  to  reach  up  to  25.8  million  units  by  2025,  according  to  .  iot  is  establishing  itself  as  a  and  will  disrupt  many  industries.  at  its  core,  the  internetofthings  can  be  contextualized  as  a  framework  for  data  exchange  and  sensory  analysis  of  the  physical  world  from  .  in  the  healthcare  sector  specifically,  the  trend  towards  digitalization  and  automation  can  be  traced  back  to  advantageous  properties  of  iot  devices,  namely:  the  core  characteristics  of  iot  provide
__label__productinspection a  broad  range  of  applications  in  creating  the  ability  to  collect  data.  this  data  can  then  be  processed,  analyzed  and  structured  via  software  design  which  use  tracking  and  sensing  to  create  proximity  and  awareness  data.  from  to  the  ,  iot  features  can  vary  in  their  complexity  from  rudimentary  to  complicated  or  highly  complex.  iot  in  healthcare  is  a  vibrant  force.  in  response  to  rising  healthcare  costs,  an  aging  population,  and  the  need  for  medical  diagnosis  and  treatment  in  developing  and  underdeveloped  regions,  the  .  while  for  hospitals  or  care  homes  sensors  and  iot  devices  render  excellent  services  and  optimize  administrative
__label__productinspection costs,  patients  can  also  benefit  with  healthcare  apps  that  change  the  way  they  interact  with  their  doctors.  the  most  popular  iotenabled  use  case  in  healthcare  is  undoubtedly  in  remote  medical  assistance.  applications  range  from  remote  maternity  care,  where  a  patients  vitals  can  be  monitored  or  anticipated,  to  patients  living  in  remote  areas  with  a  lack  of  facilities,  and  where  devices  can  begin  to  address  more  adequate  medical  attention.  estimates  that  7  million  patients  worldwide  were  remotely  monitored  in  2016,  with  that  number  expected  to  reach  50  million  by  2021.  market  research  also  states  that  revenues  for  remote  patient  monitoring  solutions
__label__productinspection is  expected  to  reach  32  billion  by  2021.  similar  to  any  enterprise,  hospitals  and  nursery  homes  or  other  health  facilities  strive  to  increase  efficiency  and  reduce  operational  costs.  particularly  for  larger  institutions  that  consist  of  several  structures  and  campuses,  who  manage  thousands  of  staff  members  and  provide  care  to  a  large  number  of  patients  per  day,  using  iot  devices  helps  bring  order,  making  medical  networks  smarter  and  more  efficient.  an  implies  automating  and  managing  and  care  processes,  monitoring  daytoday  activities  to  detect  bottlenecks,  and  a  wellstructured  care  infrastructure.  while  a  number  of  hospitals  already  make  use  of  card  keys  to
__label__productinspection restrict  access,  the  usage  of  sensor  technology  as  a  means  to  track  staff,  patients,  or  inventories  also  proves  valuable.  today,  surgeons  can  rely  upon  operating  instruments  that  are  extremely  precise.  the  introduction  of  ,  the  inner  sanctum  of  surgeons,  allows  machines  to  assist  in  a  surgeons  workload  by  providing  crucial  assistance.  artificial  intelligence  and  connected  robotic  technologies  have  for  a  variety  of  surgeries  and  the  trend  continues.  use  of  robotassisted  surgery  through  devices  with  increased  vision  and  precision,  push  the  limits  of  laparoscopy  and  minimally  invasive  surgeries.  the  educational  aspect  of  introducing  iot  technologies  into  operating  rooms  deserves  special  mention.
__label__productinspection surgical  instruments  and  devices  connected  with  a  highresolution  camera  can  enable  later  usage  of  the  footage  for  educational  purposes,  or  to  share  expertise  amongst  experts.  the  use  cases  weve  identified  here  rely  on  sensors  or  connected  devices,  which  generate  data  in  various  types:  behavioral,  clinical,  environmental,  pharmaceutical,  biological  and  others.  but  standalone  data  isnt  necessarily  worth  much;  it  is  the  data  analytics  that  has  the  potential  to  impact  all  stakeholders  of  the  healthcare  system.  it  is  entirely  possible  to  generate  new  or  develop  additional  products  and  services.  applying  iot  technologies  in  healthcare  addresses  a  myriad  of  issues.  the  given  characteristics
__label__productinspection of  iot  devices  provides  a  number  of  applications  and  use  cases  that  offer  profitable  opportunities.  using  the  data  insights  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  ultimately  be  beneficial.  according  to  ,  an  effective  datadriven  approach  to  healthcare  equals  the  optimized  organizational  performance,  better  customer  engagement  and  enhanced  decision  making  for  medical  units.  in  anticipation  of  a  growing  elderly  population  in  need  of  care,  s  healthtech  venture  is  on  a  mission  to  improve  elderly  care  through  innovation.  70  of  residents  of  stationary  care  facilities  suffer  from  advanced  incontinence.  the  laborand  costs  involved  are  enormous.  inadequate  incontinence  care  due  to  limited  material
__label__productinspection and  specialist  resources  often  has  sanitary,  social  and  ethical  consequences.  assistmes  intelligent  incontinence  pants  system,  aidmate  ,  detects  the  amount  and  type  of  excretions  in  real  time,  sending  recommendations  for  action  to  the  nursing  staff  and  enabling  task  prioritization.  the  systems  capabilities  and  features  can  contribute  to  fewer  leakages  and  more  prevention  of  secondary  illnesses,  i.e.  skin  issues  and  internal  infections.  this  shift  in  workflow  can  bring  relief  and  confidence  to  nursing  staff  who  are  dedicated  to  delivering  the  highest  quality  of  care.  assistmes  cto  pedro  silva  showcasing  aidmates  motherboard.  the  benefits  of  such  a  system  are  clear:  people  in
__label__productinspection need  of  care  need  not  be  awakened  unnecessarily  at  night,  are  treated  in  a  more  dignified  way,  and  experience  less  interruption  while  having  a  reduced  length  of  time  in  soiled  incontinence  pants.  with  their  use  case,  assistme  provides  a  solution  in  anticipation  of  a  specific  problem  in  healthcare:  aidmate,  with  its  iot  technology,  is  an  innovative  solution  that  will  positively  impact  a  large  segment  of  the  population.  meet  ,  and  stay  posted  ontheir  activities  as  they  approach  the  beta  test  phase  by  signing  up  to  our  .  were  hosting  an  event  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  tags  about
__label__productinspection nbt  is  europes  premier  startup  incubator  for  the  internet  of  things  and  services  iot/ios  and  blockchain.  starting  from  germany,  we  are  building  the  digital  future  one  company  at  a  time.  copyright  nbt  ag  contact  us  infonbt.ag  address  next  big  thing  ag  c/o  factory  works  gmbh  lohmhlenstrasse  65  12435  berlin  never  miss  the  next  big  news  copyright  nbt  ag
__label__productinspection november  22,  2016  written  by:  categorized:  share  this  post:  the  application  of  statistical  process  control  spc  methods  over  recent  decades  has  greatly  improved  quality  processes  globally.  however,  headline  news  in  2016  clearly  indicates  that  quality  remains  a  costly  problem  ,  ,  and  dozens  of  recalls  listed  by  the  .  grace  duffys  estimates  that  many  organizations  will  have  true  qualityrelated  costs  as  high  as  15  to  20  percent  of  sales  revenue,  some  going  as  high  as  40  percent  of  total  operations.  a  general  rule  of  thumb  is  that  costs  of  poor  quality  in  a  thriving  company  will  be  about  10  to
__label__productinspection 15  percent  of  operations.  there  is  clearly  room  for  improvement.  iot  offers  opportunity  to  make  significant  gains  in  this  space.  spc  methods  are  wellestablished  standard  tools  for  quality  control.  however  there  are  limitations  with  the  spc  approach  false  positives,  slow  detection  of  small  and  moderate  changes,  and  trends  not  readily  visible.  ibm  research  has  developed  a  set  of  algorithms  quality  early  warning  system  qews  that  detect  and  prioritize  problems  and  parametric  shifts  earlier  and  more  definitively  than  can  be  done  using  traditional  techniques  of  statistical  process  control.  these  algorithms  are  used  by  ibm  throughout  its  own  supply  chain  and  manufacturing
__label__productinspection processes  to  meet  established  quality  standards.  the  result:  earlier  identification  of  nascent  quality  problems,  increased  production  yield,  and  reduction  of  problems  that  lead  to  service  and  warranty  costs.  ibm  has  incorporated  the  qews  capability  into  its  offering  to  help  manufacturers  address  quality  control  throughout  the  supply  chain.  at  the  beginning  of  the  manufacturing  process  qews  analytics  can  be  employed  to  measure  or  test  components,  materials  and  supplies  to  insure  conformance  with  contracted  specifications.  ideally,  this  inspection  is  performed  by  the  supplier  to  insure  that  substandard  parts  never  enter  the  supply  chain,  employing  steps  and  techniques  described  below.  in  the  factory
__label__productinspection and  critical  manufacturing  steps,  qews  analytics  can  be  applied  to  monitor  equipment  operational  parameters  such  as  temperature,  pressure,  speed,  airflow,  and  humidity  in  realtime  to  identify  when  parameters  are  trending  beyond  prescribed  calibrations  that  could  result  in  substandard  products  or  components.  at  the  earliest  indications  of  deviation  from  desired  calibrations  an  alert  is  issued  to  pinpoint  the  source  and  time  the  problem  was  first  identified,  and  prescribe  specific  remedial  actions  with  the  goal  of  minimizing  production  of  substandard  components  or  products.  qews  analytics  can  be  employed  to  monitor  the  results  of  critical  manufacturing  steps,  by  measuring  or  testing  completed  components
__label__productinspection or  products  to  insure  they  conform  to  specifications.  in  the  event  that  measurements  or  tests  on  completed  components  drift  from  the  desired  specifications,  perhaps  because  of  differences  in  material  quality,  changes  in  equipment  performance,  or  even  environmental  conditions,  here  too  an  alert  is  issued  to  pinpoint  the  problem  and  time  it  was  first  identified,  with  the  goal  of  maintaining  manufacturing  line  quality.  why  consider  investigating  the  potential  benefits  of  ibms  approach?  if  you  face  any  of  these  challenges  due  to  quality  issues:  please  consider  learning  more  about  offering  and  the  benefits  of  ibms  quality  early  warning  system  via  or  investigate
__label__productinspection the  opportunity  to  quality  for  a  .  read  more  by  by  by  year  after  year,  ibm  has  been  named  a  leader  in  gartners  2019  magic  quadrant  mq  for  enterprise  asset  management  software  eam.  this  most  recent  assessment  reflects  over  a  decade  of  ibm  being  named  a  leader  in  gartner  magic  quadrant  for  enterprise  asset  management  software.  powered  by  ibms  investments  in  artificial  intelligence,  fueled  by  iot  data,  and  built  for  hybrid  cloud,  ibm  maximo  is  extending  its  leadership  as  the  most  trusted  enterprise  asset  management  system  on  the  planet.  ibms  new  remote  monitoring  solution  aggregates  operating  state  data  and  process
__label__productinspection today,  quality  control  is  reactive.  manufacturers  produce  an  item,  it  undergoes  quality  control  procedures,  and  hopefully  that  department  will  catch  some  flaw  before  the  product  hits  the  market.  what  if  quality  control  was  proactive  instead?  iot  makes  that  dream  a  possibility.  manufacturers  can  program  iot  equipment  in  factories  to  monitor  the  quality  of  raw  materials  and  finished  products  at  every  point  during  the  manufacturing  process.  moreover,  they  can  also  analyze  equipment  performance  in  real  time,  so  if  theres  a  problem  on  the  assembly  line,  manufacturers  can  fix  it  as  soon  as  possible  to  prevent  costly  delays.  one  example  of  this
__label__productinspection is  ibms  software.  with  this  program,  manufacturers  can  program  equipment  to  look  for  defects  in  parts  as  they  pass  through  the  production  and  assembly  processes.  although  this  software  is  still  an  emerging  technology,  its  already  reduced  manufacturing  defects  by  10.  automation  in  and  of  itself  can  serve  as  a  quality  control  tool,  and  its  the  linchpin  of  iot.  how  can  automation  improve  quality?  increasing  the  use  of  automated  manufacturing  equipment  reduces  the  reliance  upon  human  employees.  as  we  all  know,  to  err  is  human.  and  human  errors  can  lead  to  low  quality  products,  which  can  actually  endanger  the  lives  of
__label__productinspection endusers.  automated  equipment,  on  the  other  hand,  will  only  make  a  mistake  if  its  not  programmed  properly.  however,  as  mentioned  above,  automated  equipment  can  be  monitored  to  ensure  that  no  errors  take  place.  you  can  even  automate  the  collection  of  data  from  sensors  in  real  time  so  that  no  humans  need  to  be  involved  in  gathering  data  from  the  manufacturing  floor  in  the  first  place.  moreover,  automation  supports  quality  control  protocols  currently  in  place.  for  years,  manufacturers  have  relied  upon  statistical  process  control  to  gain  a  sampling  of  the  quality  of  a  batch  because  its  impossible  to  inspect  every  single
__label__productinspection item.  automation  allows  for  a  realtime,  closedloop  feedback  quality  system.  when  automation  is  on  a  closedloop  system,  you  eliminate  postmortem  reviews  that  take  up  valuable  time  and  effort,  not  to  mention  get  rid  of  the  delays  that  transform  information  from  being  outofdate.  instead  of  catching  the  occasional  mistake  if  that,  you  can  prevent  serious,  potentially  fatal  product  malfunctions  before  they  spiral  out  of  control.  iot  goes  a  long  way  towards  creating  a  reality  in  which  product  recalls  are  a  thing  of  the  past.  it  allows  you  to  become  proactive  about  quality  control  instead  of  waiting  around  for  something  to  go
__label__productinspection wrong.  automation  is  the  cornerstone  of  iotbased  quality  control  it  removes  human  error  and  dramatically  improves  the  accuracy  of  data.  thanks  to  technological  advances,  quality  control  is  entering  a  new  era.  by  continuing  to  use  this  website,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies  in  accordance  with  our  cookie  policy.
__label__productinspection of  the  many  industries  that  are  attaining  greater  speed,  scale  and  simplified  operations  from  iotbased  technologies  and  solutions,  manufacturing  has  the  most  to  gain.  sensorbased  data  from  across  supply  chains  shows  potential  to  improve  traceability,  pullbased  replenishment,  and  improve  inventory  turns  and  cash  flow.  combining  the  data  gathered  from  production  equipment  and  workflows  with  manufacturing  intelligence  analytics  applications  is  improving  asset  performance,  yielding  breakthroughs  in  measurement.  these  and  other  insights  are  from  the  recent  market  analysis,  .  bcg  predicts  that  by  2020,  267b  will  be  spent  on  iot  technologies,  products  and  services.  the  greatest  two  sources  of  revenue  growth  in
__label__productinspection the  iot  market  will  be  from  services  and  iot  applications  investment.  iot  will  revolutionize  predictive  maintenance  use  cases  in  the  next  two  to  five  years  by  combining  realtime  machine  monitoring  and  manufacturing  intelligence  to  deliver  insights  not  available  before.  the  ten  ways  iot  is  redefining  manufacturing  based  on  bcgs  findings  and  further  research  including  visits  with  early  adopter  manufacturers  are  provided  here:  manufacturers  are  finding  the  quickest  strategy  for  gaining  value  from  iot  pilots  is  accelerating  data  capture  and  analysis  from  the  shop  floor  to  the  top  floor.  being  able  to  track  production  activity  then  translating  these  metrics  into  financial
__label__productinspection reports  in  realtime  is  providing  manufacturers  with  greater  control  over  costs  than  ever  before.  realtime  manufacturing  intelligence  is  also  helping  to  optimize  production  scheduling  and  improving  manufacturing  execution  performance.  all  manufacturers  face  the  challenge  daily  of  needing  to  excel  at  traceability.  in  pursuit  of  this  goal  many  spend  thousands  of  hours  a  year  dedicating  their  teams  to  accomplish  this  manually.  having  iotbased  systems  that  can  scale  to  support  variations  in  traceability  workflows  across  plant  floor  operations  in  all  production  centers  provides  realtime  insights,  saving  valuable  time.  being  able  to  predict  when  production  equipment  and  machinery  needs  preventative  maintenance,  determining  oee
__label__productinspection in  realtime  and  providing  insights  into  optimizing  production  levels  are  just  a  few  of  the  many  areas  where  iot  can  streamline  predictive  maintenance  in  manufacturing.  the  following  graphic  from  the  bcg  report,  winning  in  iot,  its  all  about  the  business  processes,  provides  an  overview  of  the  ten  iot  use  cases  bcg  sees  as  the  most  valuable  across  a  broad  spectrum  of  industries.  capturing  inventory  data  in  realtime  using  iot  sensors  and  then  interpreting  patterns  using  manufacturing  intelligence  application  is  delivering  benefits  today.  hightech  and  consumer  electronics  manufacturers  piloting  iot  systems  for  inventory  management  are  seeing  inventory  turn  and  velocity  improvements
__label__productinspection according  to  a  study  completed  earlier  this  year  hwang,  lee,  park,  chang,  2017.  manufacturers  are  relying  on  iot  sensors  and  manufacturing  intelligence  to  improve  yield  rates  on  their  most  expensive  production  processes.  in  semiconductor  manufacturing  for  example,  improving  yield  rates  from  40  to  60  delivers  a  96,000  improvement  in  gross  contribution  margin  for  a  highend  silicon  waferbased  chipset.  when  the  yield  improves  to  80  there  is  a  192k  improvement  in  gross  margin.these  figures  are  from  a  recent  gartner  study,  ,  published  september  14,  2016  client  access  required.  getting  the  right  product  to  the  right  customer  at  the  right  time  is
__label__productinspection an  excellent  measure  of  how  wellcoordinated  a  manufacturing  operation  is.  one  of  the  more  common  metrics  used  for  measuring  this  is  the  perfect  order,  which  many  manufacturers  average  a  score  of  60.  with  iot  providing  realtime  availability  and  creating  situational  awareness  on  the  plant  floor,  this  figure  could  easily  jump  10  or  more.  migrating  from  manuallybased  inbound  inspection  approaches  to  an  automated  approach  that  relies  on  iot  sensors  and  manufacturing  intelligencebased  analytics  delivers  valuable  cost  of  quality  coq  metrics  not  easily  attained  before.  knowing  what  the  costs  of  good  and  bad  quality  are  and  taking  action  to  reduce  the  impact
__label__productinspection on  financial  performance  is  critically  important.  combining  iot  and  manufacturing  intelligence,  integrated  to  ,  helps  to  reduce  losses  from  the  bad  cost  of  quality  by  giving  management  teams  insights  fast.  using  iot  to  redefine  enterprise  compliance  and  quality  management  strategies  also  enables  manufacturers  to  better  control  noncompliance/corrective  action  nc/ca.  manufacturers  can  also  more  effectively  manage  corrective  action  and  preventative  action  capa  requirements.  iotbased  systems  can  make  customers  collaborators  in  creation  by  having  them  provide  realtime  data  on  the  problems  they  are  trying  to  solve.  creating  a  highly  customized  electric  motor  or  engine  requires  indepth  data  on  which  specific  requirements  the
__label__productinspection customer  has.  by  providing  iot  data  based  on  monitoring  the  broader  machinery  the  electric  engine  is  go9ng  to  be  used  in,  manufacturers  can  better  customize  and  build  exactly  what  customers  want.  in  complex  manufacturing,  iot  data  sharing  is  going  to  be  the  new  normal  by  2020.  with  realtime  data,  production  planners  will  be  able  to  optimize  the  selection  of  which  operators,  team  members  and  machines  complete  which  task.  iot  will  also  quickly  be  able  to  catch  any  errors  in  work  instructions  and  reroute  products  going  through  q.a.  back,  specifying  why.  in  short,  iot  has  the  potential  to  improve  perfect  order
__label__productinspection performance  for  all  manufacturers.  manufacturers  whose  products  are  integral  to  their  customers  operations  including  production  machinery  that  is  often  a  capital  expense  capex  are  increasingly  relying  on  iot  to  track  a  wide  variety  of  performance  metrics.  from  temperature  and  vibration  to  output,  iot  can  deliver  a  data  stream  that  can  be  easily  turned  into  a  new  revenue  source  by  providing  customers  with  insights  into  how  to  prolong  the  life  of  their  assets.  lufthansa  has  started  a  specific  business  unit  just  to  analyze  and  reseller  aircraft  engine  data  based  on  their  iot  initiative  for  example.  winning  at  iot:  its  all  about
__label__productinspection the  business  processes,  bcg  perspectives  from  the  boston  consulting  group  january  5,  2017  by  nicolas  hunke,  zia  yusuf,  michael  rmann,  florian  schmieg,  akash  bhatia,  and  nipun  kalra.  link:  hwang,  g.,  lee,  j.,  park,  j.,  chang,  t.  2017.  developing  performance  measurement  system  for  internet  of  things  and  smart  factory  environment.  international  journal  of  production  research,  559,  25902602.  mathaba,  s.,  dlodlo,  n.,  smith,  a.,  adigun,  m.  2011.  the  use  of  rfid  and  web  2.0  technologies  to  improve  inventory  management  in  south  african  enterprises.  electronic  journal  of  information  systems  evaluation,  142,  228241.  zhang,  y.,  zhang,  g.,  wang,  j.,  sun,  s.,  si,  s.,  yang,
__label__productinspection t.  2015.  realtime  information  is  capturing  and  integration  framework  of  the  internet  of  manufacturing  things.  international  journal  of  computer  integrated  manufacturing,  288,  811822.  for  more  than  25  years,  iqms  has  been  designing  and  developing  manufacturing  erp  software  for  the  repetitive,  process  and  discrete  industries.  today,  iqms  provides  a  comprehensive  realtime  erp  software  and  mes  solution  to  the  automotive,  medical,  packaging,  consumer  goods  and  other  manufacturing  markets.  the  extended  singledatabase  enterprise  software  solution,  enterpriseiq,  offers  a  scalable  system  designed  to  grow  with  the  client  and  complete  business  functionality,  including  accounting,  quality  control,  supply  chain,  shop  floor,  crm  and  ebusiness.  with  offices
__label__productinspection artificial  intelligence  is  transforming  the  face  of  nearly  every  industry  on  the  planet.  consulting  firm  mckinsey  company  estimates  that  in  2016,  businesses  poured  into  investments  in  ai.  by  2035,  ai  technologies  may  be  able  to  improve  productivity  by  40  percent  and  provide  an  economic  boost  of  .  the  first  step  of  ai  is  to  teach  the  machines.  this  involves  training  computers  to  find  patterns  in  massive  data  sets  and  then  using  those  observations  to  make  smarter  decisions,  often  referred  as  machine  learning.  in  particular,  machine  learning  is  commonly  applied  to  computer  vision.  by  analyzing  large  sets  of  picturebased  data,  computers
__label__productinspection can  learn  to  do  everything  from  recognizing  handwritten  digits  to  describing  the  objects  in  a  photograph.  ,  computers  are  able  to  recognize  100,000  different  types  of  objects  within  an  image  after  only  a  few  minutes  of  analysis.  andrew  ng,  renowned  ai  expert  and  former  head  of  the  google  brain  ai  research  project,  recently  started  the  company  to  focus  on  the  applications  of  ai  in  manufacturing.  the  manufacturing  industry  currently  faces  a  number  of  challenges,  such  as  unexpected  variations  in  product  quality  and  quantity,  the  inability  to  rapidly  scale  and  manage  capacity,  and  the  rising  costs  of  production.  fortunately,  help  is
__label__productinspection on  the  horizon.  before  they  leave  the  production  line,  items  must  be  inspected  in  order  to  make  sure  they  meet  quality  and  safety  standards.  today,  these  inspections  usually  require  intensive  human  labor  in  order  to  visually  examine  objects  and  identify  problems.  the  arrival  of  machine  learning  and  computer  vision  techniques  on  the  production  line  will  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  for  manufacturing.  the  field  of  computer  vision  is  becoming  more  and  sophisticated,  and  machines  can  now  do  far  more  than  they  could  even  a  few  years  ago.  are  working  on  everything  from  robot  motion  planning  to  realtime  image  enhancement.
__label__productinspection these  advances  in  classification  and  understanding  complex  imagery  are  on  the  cutting  edge  of  research  in  machine  learning  and  computer  vision.  although  this  level  of  expertise  has  been  around  for  several  years,  up  until  now  its  been  largely  confined  to  major  enterprises  with  deep  pockets.  however,  these  barriers  and  restrictions  are  rapidly  disappearing.  thanks  to  the  release  of  opensource  software  libraries  for  machine  learning,  such  as  googles  ,  image  analysis  and  object  detection  are  becoming  easier  and  more  mainstream.  by  working  with  experts  in  machine  learning  and  computer  vision,  manufacturing  companies  will  be  able  to  leverage  these  developments  in  order
__label__productinspection to  improve  their  productivity,  efficiency  and  revenue.  packaging,  for  example,  is  an  extremely  important  step  in  the  manufacturing  process;  its  used  for  branding  and  product  identification  but  also  for  logistical  purposes  such  as  shipping.  by  imprinting  each  package  with  a  unique  code,  the  manufacturer  can  keep  track  of  its  timing,  origin  and  routing.  in  so  doing,  buyers  will  be  better  informed  about  how  long  shipping  will  take  and  when  their  package  will  arrive.  unfortunately,  anomalies  in  the  packaging  process  can  result  in  costly  errors  and  even  product  recalls.  for  example,  unlabeled  allergens  such  as  milk  and  peanuts  have  been  the
__label__productinspection source  of  of  food  product  recalls.  other  sources  of  recalls  include  applying  the  wrong  label  and  including  an  incorrect  translation  on  the  products  packaging.  with  an  average  of  ,  food  product  recalls  can  be  devastating  to  a  companys  profitability.  all  too  often,  these  problems  are  caused  by  packaging  and  labeling  mistakes  and  other  human  errors.  by  visually  inspecting  items,  aienhanced  computer  systems  can  automatically  determine  the  correct  labels  that  should  be  applied  to  the  product,  slashing  the  potential  for  errors.  machine  learning  therefore  helps  ensure  that  customers  receive  the  right  product  and  that  the  product  isnt  lost  or  delayed  in
__label__productinspection shipping  by  having  an  incorrect  label.  modern,  innovative  solutions  such  as  springmls  label  detection  app  can  take  advantage  of  machine  learning  techniques  to  reduce  errors  in  package  labeling.  with  speed  a  critical  factor,  you  need  a  solution  that  can  extract  text  in  real  time  from  photos  and  videos  and  raise  an  alert  if  it  detects  an  anomaly.  any  such  solution  must  be  able  to  handle  a  variety  of  labels  and  input  images  as  well  as  variations  in  lighting,  camera  angle  and  image  quality.  of  course,  quality  control  and  visual  inspection  are  just  the  tip  of  the  iceberg  when  it  comes
__label__productinspection to  the  potential  uses  of  machine  learning  in  manufacturing.  for  example,  aienhanced  computers  can  now  analyze  sensor  data  on  the  different  parameters  of  manufacturing  equipment,  such  as  temperature  and  pressure.  the  combination  of  these  parameters  can  then  be  used  to  predict  when  each  piece  of  equipment  will  require  maintenance,  helping  to  reduce  lost  productivity  due  to  unexpected  breakdowns.  with  so  many  potential  applications,  its  little  wonder  that  market  intelligence  firm  trendforce  estimates  that  the  smart  manufacturing  market  will  grow  to  .  machines  excel  at  repetitive  tasks  like  the  ones  that  manufacturing  companies  require.  by  training  computers  to  visually  inspect  products
__label__productinspection ensure  defects  are  detected  and  solved  before  they  move  downstream.  increase  first  pass  yield  fpy  by  identifying  and  solving  the  root  cause  of  quality  defects.  maximize  quality  by  allowing  operators  to  report  defective  parts.  save  time  by  digitizing  the  defectreporting  process.  create  instructions  that  guide  operators  through  a  stepbystep  visual  quality  inspection  process.  guide  workers  to  quickly  fix  quality  defects  before  they  move  on  downstream.  include  interactive  forms  to  let  operators  generate  quick  quality  reports  when  they  detect  a  defective  part.  add  sms  or  email  alerts  to  get  notified  when  defect  thresholds  are  crossed.  easily  integrate  iot  enabled  devices  such
__label__productinspection as  calipers,  cameras,  and  scales  to  let  operators  check  if  the  output  is  within  tolerance  parameters.  collect  realtime  data  to  gain  visibility  into  processes  and  reduce  the  response  time  of  quality  problems.  sign  up  for  our  free  trial,  customize  this  app  or  create  your  own  from  scratch
__label__productinspection guide  your  team  to  reduce  quality  defects  by  detecting  errors  and  correcting  them  before  they  move  downstream.  easily  customize  quality  app  templates  to  fit  your  needs  or  build  your  own  apps  from  scratch  through  an  intuitive  drag  and  drop  interface.  integrate  all  your  operations  data  in  one  place.  with  tulip,  you  can  automatically  collect  all  the  metrics  you  care  about,  create  reports,  dashboards  and  access  them  in  real  time,  wherever  you  are.  easily  connect  your  iot,  machines,  and  systems  to  reduce  and  correct  errors.  collaborate  with  your  team  to  drive  your  factory  forward.  start  transforming  your  factory  today.
__label__productinspection by  nbsp;  november  9,  2017  the  fourth  industrial  revolution,  sometimes  referred  to  as  industry  4.0,  has  been  widely  predicted  to  be  the  next  step  for  the  manufacturing  industry.  technologies  such  as  the  cloud,  robotics,  and  the  iot  are  changing  the  manufacturing  world  as  we  know  it.  according  to  a  survey  made  by  the  dmdii  digital  manufacturing  and  design  innovation  institute,  a  vast  majority  of  respondents  considered  digital  design  and  manufacturing  to  be  a  significant  force  driving  competitiveness.  the  same  survey  also  found  that  only  13  percent  of  respondents  believed  their  companies  possess  a  high  digital  capability.  although  theres  been  progress
__label__productinspection in  digitally  transforming  functions  such  as  development,  research,  maintenance,  and  production,  businesses  still  have  a  long  road  ahead  when  it  comes  to  the  digitalization  of  quality  management  systems.  the  reactive  approach  to  quality  is  currently  the  law  of  the  land,  where  disparate  quality  applications  and  manual  inspections  are  used  to  track  quality  within  production  lines.  of  course,  its  needless  to  say  that  this  approach  results  in  frequent  errors,  leads  to  cost  overruns,  and  ultimately  diminishes  product  quality.  a  reactive  means  having  a  stack  of  legacy  applications  performing  multiple  quality  functions,  but  the  lack  of  a  holistic  approach  in  this  type
__label__productinspection of  quality  management  system  creates  ineffective  communications  between  the  quality  and  production  departments  and  a  disorganized  work  environment.  as  a  result,  productivity  is  impaired  by  simple  errors  like  inventory  pileups,  and  staff  members  have  to  invest  an  increasing  amount  of  time  and  effort  in  qualityrelated  repairs  and  reworks.  why  is  it  that,  in  spite  of  the  rapid  technological  advances  we  are  witnessing,  a  wide  range  of  consumer,  pharma,  and  technology  products  are  recalled  every  year?  the  issue  lies  in  the  conventional  quality  management  system,  which  operates  in  concentrated  silos  instead  of  offering  a  holistic,  companywide  view.  with  the  advent  of
__label__productinspection stricter  regulations  and  demanding  customers,  it  is  the  moment  to  think  about  new  quality  strategies  and  start  implementing  a  digitalized,  integrated  quality  management  solution.  several  case  studies  have  concluded  that  integrated  quality  management  systems  help  maintain  quality  throughout  the  products  lifecycle,  improve  preventive  and  predictive  capabilities,  and  offer  a  greater  visibility  into  the  whole  manufacturing  and  quality  control  process.  the  digitalization  of  quality  management  ultimately  helps  companies  to  deliver  consistent  quality  products  faster  while  at  the  same  time  optimizing  costs  and  efforts.  endtoend  automation  of  quality  management  systems  including  planning,  control,  and  improvement  allows  for  the  easy  monitoring  of  quality
__label__productinspection across  the  production  lifecycle.  a  comprehensive  view  of  all  the  operations  helps  identify  issues  proactively,  optimize  product  performance  early  in  the  development  cycle,  and  analyze  and  uncover  the  root  cause  of  such  problems.  over  time,  integrated  quality  management  software  will  lead  to  clean  and  lean  production  capabilities  all  thanks  to  automation  advances.  this  is  currently  laying  the  foundation  for  the  digital  endtoend  manufacturing  cycles.  soon,  the  establishment  of  machinetomachine  interactions  will  enable  realtime  access  to  needed  information.  these  integrated  ecosystems  will  further  spread  proactive  and  holistic  quality  management  across  all  aspects  of  the  production,  including  process  enforcement,  quality  process  standardization,
__label__productinspection personnel  and  skill  qualifications,  configuration  and  production  process  verification,  and  inprocess  inspection.  while  there  are  countless  ways  in  which  analytic  solutions  and  digital  technologies  can  be  used  to  modernize  quality  management  systems,  without  a  doubt,  the  first  place  digitalization  needs  to  be  applied  to  is  the  plant  floor.  this  will  allow  for  better  quality  insights  that  eventually  lead  to  the  implementation  of  critical  preventive  policies.  for  instance,  the  integration  of  mobile  and  cloudbased  technologies  can  ensure  the  inspection  of  the  manufacturing  site  by  remotely  located  experts.  this  realtime  collaboration  between  different  types  of  users  will  lead  to  the  timely  identification
__label__productinspection and  resolution  of  errors.  also,  the  visualization  of  realtime  defect  data  can  also  help  maximize  supply  chain  processes  and  efficiencies.  big  companies  like  toyota  are  taking  advantage  of  advanced  analytics  and  apcs  advanced  process  controls  to  fix,  in  real  time,  any  qualityrelated  problems  in  production,  thus  minimizing  scrap  and  rework  and  even  enabling  manufacturers  to  reduce  quality  control  costs  by  1020.  any  company  seeking  to  achieve  real  recognition,  growth,  and  success  must  embrace  this  new  era  of  digitalization.  unfortunately,  not  all  of  them  end  up  following  the  advice  and  philosophies  that  quality  practitioners  have  to  offer.  like  most  changes,  the
__label__productinspection evolution  of  quality  management  systems  in  the  industry  is  a  process  that  takes  time  and,  in  some  cases,  a  few  tries.  but  one  things  for  sure:  perseverance  and  consistency  are  fundamental  aspects  of  continuing  with  the  promotion  of  this  change.  in  spite  of  this,  there  have  been  multiple  businesses  that  successfully  shifted  into  digitalized  systems.  in  part,  this  is  thanks  to  companies  like  globalvision,  which  is  one  of  the  leading  automated  quality  control  service  providers  in  the  packaging  world,  offering  quality  inspection  tools  that  range  from  text  and  spelling  to  design,  print  and  braille  inspection.  just  recently,  globalvisions  technologies  were
__label__productinspection built  in  ,  creating  a  new  type  of  prepress  workflow  where  quality  is  assured  all  the  way.  living  in  this  highly  competitive  marketplace,  lowquality  products  can  impact  brand  reputation  and  market  share  significantly.  the  reactive  quality  control  approach,  therefore,  needs  to  fade  away  and  allow  integrated  quality  management  systems  to  ensure  the  complete  coverage  of  the  production  cycle.  with  the  addition  of  early  detection  capabilities,  companies  can  initiate  timely  corrective  actions  and  prioritize  maintenance  resources,  minimize  downtime,  reduce  costs,  and  maximize  product  quality.  its  definitely  a  big  challenge  one  that  most  companies  are  wary  of  making  so  where  are  we
__label__productinspection supposed  to  begin?  first  of  all,  achieving  integrated,  holistic  digitalization  of  quality  control  systems  demands  a  systematic  approach.  it  requires  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  qualityrelated  nuances  of  all  aspects  involved  so  companies  can  then  stitch  them  together  into  comprehensive  frameworks  infused  with  advanced  technologies.  then,  and  only  then,  businesses  can  begin  stepping  into  the  future  of  digitalized  quality  management  systems.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  what  is  data  integrity  and  12  ways  to  reduce  data  integrity  risk  the  role  of  packaging  in  supply  chain  management  what  is  a  dieline  in  printing  and  packaging?  26  experts  share  ideas  on  2018
__label__productinspection the  internet  of  things  popularly  known  as  iot  is  the  network  that  consists  of  devices,  vehicles,  buildings  or  any  other  connected  electronic  devices.  this  interconnection  facilitates  collection  and  exchange  data.  the  4  common  components  of  an  iot  system  are  iot  is  a  connection  of  identifiable  embedded  devices  with  the  existing  internet  infrastructure.  in  simple  words,  we  can  say  that  iot  is  an  era  of  smart,  connected  products  that  communicate  and  transfer  a  large  amount  of  data  and  upload  it  to  cloud.  in  this  beginners  tutorial,  you  will  learn  iot  testing  is  a  type  of  testing  to  check  iot  devices.  today
__label__productinspection there  is  increasing  need  to  deliver  better  and  faster  services.  there  is  a  huge  demand  to  access,  create,  use  and  share  data  from  any  device.  the  thrust  is  to  provide  greater  insight  and  control,  over  various  interconnected  iot  devices.  hence,  iot  testing  framework  is  important.  testing  for  iot  devices  broadly  revolves  around  security,  analytics,  device,  networks,  processors,  operating  systems,  platforms  and  standards.  lets  investigate  the  broad  testing  types  there  are  so  many  devices  of  different  shape  and  form  factors  are  used  by  the  users.  moreover,  the  perception  also  varies  from  one  user  to  other.  thats  why  checking  usability  of  the
__label__productinspection system  is  very  important  in  iot  testing.  there  are  lots  of  devices  which  can  be  connected  though  iot  system.  these  devices  have  varied  software  and  hardware  configuration.  therefore,  the  possible  combination  are  huge.  as  a  result,  checking  the  compatibility  in  iot  system  is  important.  reliability  and  scalablity  is  important  for  buidling  an  iot  test  enviorment  which  involves  simulation  of  sensors  by  utilzing  virtualization  tools  and  technolgoies.  its  important  to  check  the  data  integrity  in  iot  testing  as  it  involves  large  amount  of  data  and  its  application.  in  the  iot  environment,  there  are  many  users  are  accessing  a  massive  amount  of
__label__productinspection data.  thus,  it  is  important  to  validate  user  via  authentication,  have  data  privacy  controls  as  part  of  security  testing.  performance  testing  is  important  to  create  strategic  approach  for  developing  and  implementing  an  iot  testing  plan.  following  chart  gives  applicability  of  different  testing  types  for  various  components  of  iot.  shodan  is  an  iot  testing  tool  which  you  can  use  to  discover  which  of  your  devices  are  connected  to  the  internet.  it  allows  you  to  keep  track  of  all  the  computers  which  are  directly  accessible  from  the  internet.  thingful  is  a  search  engine  for  the  internet  of  things.  it  allows  secure  interoperability
__label__productinspection between  millions  of  objects  via  the  internet.  this  iot  testing  tool  also  to  control  how  data  is  used  and  empowers  to  take  more  decisive  and  valuable  decisions.  download  the  below  quality  management  plan  template  1  overview  1.1  purpose  of  this  quality...  with  time  old  programming  languages  become  obsolete  while  new  programming  languages  are  launched,...  what  is  devops?  devops  is  a  software  development  method  which  focuses  on  communication,...  what  is  functional  testing?  functional  testing  is  a  type  of  testing  which  verifies  that  each...  what  is  agile  methodology?  agile  methodology  is  a  practice  that  helps  continuous  iteration  of...  what  is  defect  triage?
__label__productinspection design  news  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  serving  the  21st  century  design  engineer  there  is  a  lot  of  talk  of  applying  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  to  manufacturing.  but  the  big  question  is  still:  how  can  ai  actually  lead  to  better  manufacturing  outcomes?  for  palo  alto,  cabased  instrumental  the  best  opportunity  lies  in  using  ai  for  quality  assurance
__label__productinspection and  testing.  annakatrina  shedletsky  image  source:  instrumental  by  aggregating  images  from  cameras  placed  throughout  the  manufacturing  line,  instrumental  uses  a  combination  of  cloud  and  edgebased  machine  learning  algorithms  to  detect  product  defects  and  failures  throughout  the  manufacturing  process.  the  companys  system  has  already  found  use  cases  with  name  brands  including  flir,  motorola,  and  pearl  auto.  design  news  spoke  with  company  founder  and  ceo,  annakatrina  shedletsky,  about  instrumentals  machine  learning  technology,  how  her  time  as  an  engineer  at  apple  sparked  her  vision  for  the  company,  and  the  companys  larger  vision  to  transform  supply  chains  forever  using  ai.  my  background  is  as
__label__productinspection a  mechanical  engineer.  i  was  at  apple  for  six  years.  i  led  a  couple  of  product  programs  there  and  then  i  was  tapped  to  lead  with  some  product  design  for  the  very  first  apple  watch.  the  role  was  very  interesting  because  i  was  responsible  for  the  engineering  team  that  we  flew  to  china.  we  stood  on  the  assembly  line  and  wed  try  to  find  issues.  i  had  visibility  into  all  that  minutia,  and  i  was  really  seeing  how  the  tail  can  wag  the  dog  in  terms  of  these  seemingly  small  defects  on  the  line  having  major  impacts.  no,  all  the
__label__productinspection companies  in  the  space  have  this  problem.  something  like  a  machine  stretching  your  battery  too  much  can  cause  your  .  you  can  create  these  inadvertent  perfect  storms  where  these  quite  small  things  can  impact  when  you  ship  the  product  the  schedule,  how  much  money  the  company  is  going  to  make  on  it,  how  many  returns  there  are  all  of  that  stuff.  in  my  role  i  was  continually  frustrated  by  not  having  good  tools  to  actually  fix  those  small  and  minute  problems  some  of  which  are  actually  very  big  from  a  business  perspective.  so  i  decided  to  leave  apple  and  start
__label__productinspection a  company  to  build  that  technology.  the  whole  thing  were  trying  to  do  is  to  actually  find  defects  that  our  customers  have  not  yet  anticipated.  if  you  know  that  theres  a  certain  type  of  failure  mode  that  could  happen  as  an  engineer  you  can  try  to  design  it  out  or  minimize  it.  you  can  also  put  tests  in  place.  what  instrumental  does  is  were  very  focused  on  finding  these  unanticipated  defects.  our  neural  networks  learn  from  a  very  small  sample  of  units  about  30  pieces  is  enough  to  get  started.  the  algorithms  learn  what  is  normal  based  on  just  normal
__label__productinspection input  we  dont  need  perfect  units  or  defect  samples  and  from  there  we  can  set  up  tests  to  essentially  identify  new  defects  that  werent  anticipated.  we  can  also  still  look  for  defects  that  you  do  anticipate.  so  if  you  do  find  the  defect  you  can  set  up  an  ongoing  test  to  make  sure  you  can  catch  those  units  in  the  future.  instrumental  uses  machine  learning  algorithms  to  determine  what  product  details  are  important  or  not  and  flag  potentially  serious  issues  for  engineers.  actually  its  even  better  than  that.  if  you  have  to  produce  an  ideal  unit  thats  really  hard  to
__label__productinspection do  in  real  life.  what  instrumental  is  trying  to  do  is  actually  determine  which  differences  matter  and  which  differences  dont  matter  and  highlight  the  ones  that  matter.  as  an  engineer  im  very  creative;  i  can  come  up  with  a  thousand  different  ways  that  something  can  go  wrong  and  fail.  but  i  cant  create  a  thousand  different  tests.  its  not  practical.  the  beauty  of  machine  learning  is  that  we  learn  over  time  from  the  data  set  about  what  differences  matter.  an  example  of  a  difference  that  doesnt  matter  might  be  the  orientation  of  the  screw  head.  so  our  algorithms  become  desensitized
__label__productinspection to  that  particular  area.  however,  if  weve  seen  20,000  images  that  all  look  pretty  much  the  same  and  then  suddenly  theres  an  image  where  something  is  different.  theres  a  really  high  probability  that  that  difference  is  important.  from  an  engineering  perspective  were  building  hundreds,  thousands,  or  in  some  cases  even  millions  of  units  a  day.  i  cant  look  at  all  of  these  images,  but  if  a  computer  can  show  me  the  top  one  percent  that  are  interesting  i  will  look  at  those  because  im  trying  to  see  if  there  are  true  defects.  then  i  can  set  up  enduring  tests  that
__label__productinspection make  sure  that  we  can  find  those  defects  in  the  future.  we  havent  found  it  yet.  in  terms  of  running  live  on  the  line,  tests  do  add  some  time,  but  were  talking  about  milliseconds.  today  if  you  want  to  add  an  inspection  test  for  a  human  any  kind  of  test  is  going  to  add  a  second  or  two.  human  inspectors  can  typically  only  inspect  about  five  things  total  per  person.  so  if  you  wanted  to  test  five  different  ways  something  could  fail  that  would  take  up  your  whole  human,  and  that  human  will  probably  take  10  seconds  to  do  that
__label__productinspection inspection.  we  can  do  those  five  tests  much  faster  and  in  real  time.  now,  if  you  ran,  say,  a  thousand  tests  i  think  it  would  it  would  slow  us  down  initially,  but  we  would  work  hard  to  bring  that  the  back  up.  our  customers  are  typically  running  10  to  15  tests  on  an  individual  kind  of  inspection  an  inspection  being  a  whole  view  of  the  product.  we  create  images  from  an  array  cameras  that  are  deployed  wherever  the  manufacturing  lines  are.  the  reason  is  because  you  want  checkpoints  that  keep  states  of  assembly  before  you  close  up  the  unit  and
__label__productinspection its  hard  to  get  back  at  it.  we  put  our  vision  in  places  where  vision  hasnt  typically  been  deployed  in  the  past.  typically  industrial  vision  is  deployed  for  a  very,  very  narrow  purpose  like,  i  want  to  measure  this  gap.  were  using  it  in  different  way  thats  more  generalized.  the  cameras  are  not  proprietary.  theyre  offtheshelf.  we  can  integrate  if  customers  already  have  cameras  that  are  producing  images.  many  of  our  customers  do  have  cameras  that  are  in  reasonable  spots  where  they  want  the  data  records;  they  just  want  this  augmentation  for  new  defects  as  well.  the  reason  we  built
__label__productinspection our  own  hardware  stations  is  so  that  we  can  deploy  them  incredibly  quickly.  we  do  not  rely  on  our  customers  to  have  significant  infrastructure  in  place.  we  sit  down  with  our  customers,  we  figure  out  where  were  going  to  put  stations  on  the  line,  and  then  four  weeks  later  we  show  up  with  equipment.  we  literally  plug  it  into  the  wall  and  then  were  ready  to  go.  were  not  taking  assembly  lines  down  to  do  this.  we  get  everything  set  up.  it  takes  about  an  hour  or  two  per  station.  we  calibrate,  we  train  everybody,  and  then  they  just  run
__label__productinspection their  build  and  were  just  like  a  station  on  their  line.  the  continuing  education  center  offers  engineers  an  entirely  new  way  to  get  the  education  they  need  to  formulate  nextgeneration  solutions.  focus  on  fundamentals  consists  of  45minute  online  classes  that  cover  a  host  of  technologies.  you  learn  without  leaving  the  comfort  of  your  desk.  all  classes  are  taught  by  subjectmatter  experts  and  all  are  archived.  so  if  you  cant  attend  live,  attend  at  your  convenience.  recommended  reading  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__productinspection smart  cameras  inspecting  parts  to  deliver  a  pass/fail  decision  which  helps  speed  products  to  market  and  eliminate  field  failures.  photo  courtesy  of  lydey  automation  the  benefits  of  smart  cameras  have  made  them  an  ideal  match  for  a  manufacturing  environment.  combining  a  camera,  processor,  software  and  communications  in  one  small,  lowpower  package,  smart  cameras  are  highly  integrated  optical  inspection  tools  for  controlling  quality  and  increasing  productivityrequired  tasks  in  manufacturing.  smart  cameras  were  developed  in  the  1990s  but  only  became  practical  in  the  last  decade  due  to  improvements  from  consumer  electronics  and  the  development  of  easytouse  software.  two  levels  of  smart  camera
__label__productinspection exist,  based  on  capability  and  price:  a  is  a  specialized  smart  camera  that  provides  limited  functionality  in  a  single  view  image.  in  a  bottle  inspection  application,  this  limited  function  might  be  reading  a  barcode  on  a  bottle,  reading  the  date  and  lot  code,  looking  for  the  position  of  a  label  or  checking  that  the  bottles  closure  cap  is  seated  by  measuring  its  vertical  position.  single  view  means  that  only  one  image  is  used  per  inspection  cycle.  in  addition  to  the  elements  of  a  smart  camera,  a  vision  sensor  might  have  options  for  builtin  lighting  and  inexpensive  lenses.  in  machine  vision,
__label__productinspection lighting  is  a  critical  part  of  any  vision  system.  integrating  these  elements  and  having  only  a  single  function  in  a  single  view  keeps  system  cost  low  and  simplifies  setup.  a  has  a  single  view  but  provides  many  functions  on  that  view.  in  the  bottling  example,  a  single  scvs  could  check  the  presence  and  position  of  the  label,  read  the  barcode  and  verify  the  date  and  lot  code.  if  an  item,  such  as  the  barcode,  is  not  in  the  scvss  field  of  view,  a  second  scvs  could  be  used  to  read  the  barcode.  the  smart  cameras  ultrasmall  form  factor  44  x
__label__productinspection 44  x  39  mm  is  ideal  for  spacelimited  applications.  source:  teledyne  dalsa.  however,  for  very  demanding  tasks,  such  as  highspeed  printing  inspection  or  functions  requiring  integration  of  multiple  views,  a  standard  vision  system  should  be  used,  rather  than  a  smart  camera.  a  vision  system  consists  of  a  larger,  higherperformance  processor  connected  to  one  or  more  standard  machine  vision  cameras.  it  can  process  multiple  views  camera  images  with  many  functions  for  each  view.  for  example,  with  four  cameras  in  a  vision  system,  you  could  combine  four  views  of  a  bottle  to  inspect  the  lip  of  the  bottle  for  damage.  on  a
__label__productinspection bottling  line,  bottles  are  labeled,  filled,  and  closed  capped  at  speeds  that  are  well  beyond  human  vision.  in  approximate  order  of  difficulty,  here  are  some  machine  vision  tasksthe  more  basic  tasks  can  be  handled  by  a  smart  camera,  but  the  more  complex  would  require  a  traditional  vision  system.  financial  and  practical  considerations  drive  the  amount  of  machine  vision  inspection  applied  to  a  bottle,  or  any  manufactured  product.  for  instance,  faded  printing  might  only  cause  a  consumer  to  pick  another  bottle,  but  foreign  matter  in  a  pharmaceutical  might  cause  injury  and  an  expensive  lawsuit.  while  a  smart  camera  and  a  smart
__label__productinspection phone  might  have  similar  hardware,  software  shapes  what  you  perceive  as  the  product.  early  machine  vision  systems  were  typically  provided  with  a  subroutine  library  and  required  extensive  expertise  in  both  programming  and  machine  vision  algorithms.  this  smart  camera  is  a  highly  integrated  optical  inspection  tool  for  controlling  quality  and  increasing  productivity.  source:  teledyne  dalsa.  modern  machine  vision  software  uses  three  techniques  to  allow  easy  development  of  machine  vision  applications.  first,  a  graphical  user  interface  gui  visually  presents  the  components  and  algorithms  in  a  machine  vision  system  in  a  way  that  is  easy  to  use  and  easy  on  your  memory.  with
__label__productinspection a  gui,  you  get  what  you  see  and  do  not  have  to  remember  obscure  commands  and  function  calls.  second,  individual  algorithms  have  been  gathered  into  tools  that  incorporate  expert  knowledge.  a  common  example  is  a  barcode  tool  that  incorporates  knowledge  of  what  barcodes  look  like,  the  various  types  and  patterns  of  one  and  twodimensional  barcodes,  and  what  image  processing  operations  are  needed  to  read  the  codes.  you  simply  draw  a  rectangle  in  the  image  that  surrounds  the  barcodes,  specify  the  type  of  barcodes  and  how  many  barcodes  to  find.  the  processing  and  reading  is  done  by  the  tool,  with  no
__label__productinspection additional  knowledge  required  on  your  part.  third,  for  sequences  of  tasks,  graphical  programming  is  provided.  in  graphical  programming,  you  use  a  gui  to  insert  functions  and  control  operations  into  a  programa  processing  sequence.  in  our  bottle  inspection  example,  a  smart  camera  vision  system  scvs  might  first  read  a  barcode  to  determine  which  product  is  present.  then  it  might  measure  positions  to  check  if  the  closure  is  seated  and  the  label  is  in  position.  graphical  programming  provides  excellent  ease  and  flexibility  in  solving  vision  tasks  when  combined  with  guis  and  tools.  there  are  interesting  and  important  connections  between  smart  cameras  and
__label__productinspection current  technology  trends.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  catchphrase  for  internetconnected  smart  things  such  as  home  thermostats  and  security  systems.  smart  cameras  are  iotready  devices,  as  they  talk  to  production  control  systems  using  internet  protocols.  as  such,  a  smart  camera  can  be  discovered  and  configured  to  support  on  demand  manufacturing.  however,  exposing  your  machine  vision  system  to  the  wider  internet  is  usually  not  necessary  and  is  a  security  risk.  deep  learning  refers  to  a  multilayer,  artificial  neural  network  where  all  layers  are  teachable.  it  would  be  great  if  a  vision  system  could  be  taught  to  recognize  good  and
__label__productinspection bad  parts  from  example  images  of,  say,  good  and  bad  carrots,  a  challenging  application  because  the  definition  of  good  varies,  unlike  a  machined  part.  big  datain  this  case,  a  large  set  of  training  imagesare  needed  to  train  deep  learning  networks  as  the  network  must  learn  both  the  critical  elements  features  to  extract  from  the  image  and  how  to  make  good  and  bad  classifications  based  on  those  elements.  however,  there  are  challenges  with  this  approach  for  machine  vision.  first,  gathering  a  large  set  of  training  data  is  usually  difficult  to  do,  particularly  if  product  defects  are  rare.  second,  training  the  neural
__label__productinspection net  takes  a  lot  of  computing  power,  perhaps  from  distributed  processing  in  the  cloud,  and  so  is  impractical  on  a  smart  camera.  however,  once  the  network  is  trained,  it  could  be  transferred  and  run  on  a  smart  camera.  for  instance,  vision  tasks  such  as  face  recognition,  currently  run  on  a  smart  phone  using  hardware  similar  to  smart  cameras.  the  combination  of  dramatically  improving  hardware,  driven  by  consumer  demands,  and  modern  software  technology  has  made  smart  cameras  capable,  easytouse  and  inexpensive.  we  look  forward  to  smart  cameras  and  vision  systems  becoming  even  smarter  and  easier  to  use.  christopher  chalifoux  is  an
__label__productinspection international  applications  engineer  at  teledyne  dalsa.  for  more  information,  call  978  6702074,  email  or  visit  .  you  must  have  javascript  enabled  to  enjoy  a  limited  number  of  articles  over  the  next  30  days.  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved  bnp  media.  design,  cms,  hosting  web  development  ::
__label__productinspection packaging  is  often  the  primary  representation  of  a  product  perfect  integrity  is  essential  packaging  today  represents  an  essential  part  of  a  product  throughout  its  entire  travel  along  the  supply  chain.  therefore,  packaging  often  has  to  meet  both  functional  and  appearance  requirements  being  determined  by  the  production  process  of  the  packaging  material  itself.  the  trivision  iml  packaging  inspector  offers  complete  of  packaging  products  being  produced  via  iml  technologies.  of  iml  products  up  to  12  products  inspected  simultaneously  mould  process,  artwork  and  information  verified  the  solutions  have  great  flexibility  and  are  ready  for  future  developments.  this  is  the  way  forward.  there  is
__label__productinspection no  doubt  rpc  superfos,  denmark  when  providing  high  quality  food  products,  major  issues  related  to  product  quality  include  visual  appearance,  packaging  integrity  and  validity  of  information  on  the  package.  simultaneously,  production  lines  operate  at  increasing  speeds  and  complexity,  including  the  ability  to  handle  several  product  variations.  this  allows  for  higher  production  efficiency,  but  also  increases  the  risk  of  errors  and  the  requirements  to  quality  control.  read  more  about  our  we  offer  a  demo  version  of  our  inspector  software  for  you  to  evaluate  the  userfriendliness  of  the  software  fill  out  the  short  form  and  we  will  be  in  touch  shortly.  typically
__label__productinspection iml  products  up  to  5000  mm/s  iml  errors,  dirt,  dosing  errors  and  linescan  industrial  pc  windows  10  iot  enterprise  ltsb  opc  ua  and  digital  i/o  ethernet  full  hd  for  wide  screen  all  languages  available  ole  k.  neckelmann  commercial  director,  partner  phone:  mail:  trivision  a/s  2019  pakhusgaarden  16  dk5000  odense  tlf:
__label__productinspection industry  4.0  powered  by  crate  iot  data  platform  increases  factory  efficiency.  is  a  world  leader  in  the  area  of  packaging  solutions,  producing  highquality  packaging  for  cocacola,  unilever,  and  other  brands  in  the  food,  drinks,  cosmetics  and  cleaning  industries.  alpla  employs  18,300  employees  at  172  locations  across  45  countries.  as  the  complexity  of  production  machinery  increases,  so  does  the  need  for  highly  trained  specialists  in  each  factory.  this  creates  the  following  challenges:  by  collecting  and  analyzing  sensor  data  from  all  our  factory  equipment  in  real  time,  we  can  actually  direct  people  on  the  floor  to  the  hot  spots  and  with  that,
__label__productinspection improve  the  waste  rate  and  efficiency  of  production.  general  manager  alpla  we  are  running  visual  inspection  systems  in  about  every  line  of  our  plants.  having  people  constantly  monitor  these  systems  on  the  factory  floor  and  reacting  to  any  error  is  almost  impossible,  said  alpla  general  manager,  jodok  schaeffler.  in  2016,  alpla  used  manufacturing  machinery  data  to  help  solve  these  problems.  each  factory  had  900  different  types  of  embedded  sensors.  data  from  the  sensors  was  used  automate  the  machines  in  realtime,  telling  them  when  to  eject  defective  products  and  informing  nearby  operators  on  the  factory  floor  about  equipment  performance,  which  they
__label__productinspection could  then  tune  and  optimize.  the  big  idea  at  alpla  was  to  integrate  sensor  data  from  multiple  factories  and  production  lines  into  a  central  mission  control,  staffed  by  experts  who  monitor  production  via  interactive  dashboards.  those  centralized  experts  could  give  direction  to  less  experienced,  lowercost  factory  workers.  alpla  initially  chose  sql  server  as  the  data  store  for  the  sensor  data,  but  it  was  unable  to  cope  with  their  data  requirements.  they  needed  900  different  tables,  one  for  each  of  the  900  different  sensor  data  structures.  each  production  line  generated  thousands  of  readings  per  second.  trying  to  query  streams  of  that
__label__productinspection volume  of  sensor  data  in  real  time,  and  running  complex  machine  learning  analytics  on  terabytes  of  historic  data,  was  outside  of  sql  servers  sweet  spot.  charts  in  the  mission  control  dashboards  were  taking  3  to  5  minutes  each  to  update,  which  was  prohibitively  slow  since  each  dashboard  contained  a  dozen  or  more  charts.  after  learning  about  the  crate  iot  data  platform,  they  decided  to  migrate  the  project  to  crate.  powered  by  cratedb,  the  is  purposebuilt  for  iot  workloads  like  alplas,  and  it  was  attractive  for  the  following  reasons:  easy  to  migrate  data  and  code  to  crate  iot  data  platform  from
__label__productinspection sql  server  easy  and  economical  to  scale  on  elastic  clusters  of  inexpensive  servers  allowed  alpla  to  combine  all  their  900  different  sensor  readings  into  a  single  table  for  easier  maintenance  and  faster  querying  columnar  indexes  cached  in  memory  enable  the  crate  iot  data  platform  to  execute  dashboards  queries  250x  faster  than  sql  server  in  milliseconds,  not  minutes  with  crate  iot  data  platform  providing  realtime  operational  insights  in  the  mission  control  center,  experts  there  could  monitor,  troubleshoot  and  optimize  factory  equipment  efficiency  remotely.  operating  adjustments  and  other  instructions  were  pushed  to  factory  floor  workers  via  tablets,  and  they  could  even  use
__label__productinspection virtual  reality  equipment  to  connect  with  the  factory  floor.  by  collecting  and  analyzing  the  information  from  all  of  the  sensors  and  cameras  in  these  vision  systems  we  can  actually  direct  people  on  the  floor  to  the  hot  spots  and  with  that,  improve  the  waste  rate  and  efficiency  of  production.  with  mission  control  now  centralized  and  monitoring  production  efficiency  24x7  via  crate  iot  data  platform,  alpla  is  able  to  benefit  as  follows:  lower  personnel  costs  by  requiring  fewer  experts  get  immediate  insight  and  control  instead  of  nextday  quality  reporting  perform  crossplant  analysis  to  get  new  insights  improve  oee  2019  crate.io.  all
__label__productinspection automated  manufacturing  processes  have  been  commonplace  for  many  years.  quality  control,  however,  is  an  area  that  has  traditionally  remained  in  the  realm  of  human  operations.  that  is  until  now.  with  customers  demanding  more  customisation  in  the  manufacturing  environment,  product  development  cycles  decreasing  and  refreshing  more  frequently;  quality  control  effectiveness  has  become  an  increasing  challenge  for  manufacturing.  thankfully,  automated  data  collection  and  iot  connectivity  is  helping  to  drive  production  efficiencies  and  improve  production  quality.  mark  sullivan,  business  engagement  and  operations  manager  at  hewlett  packard  enterprise  hpe,  took  to  the  stage  at  this  years  this  years  lively  industrial  data  summit  to  explain
__label__productinspection more.  people  assume  big  data  has  only  been  around  since  the  birth  of  amazon,  facebook  or  the  iphone,  but  big  data  is  nothing  new,  sullivan  noted,  its  been  around  since  the  1950s.  what  has  changed,  however,  is  that  technology  and  what  it  offers  has  evolved  significantly.  manufacturers  are  increasingly  looking  to  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  digital  technologies  to  accelerate  and  enhance  their  decisionmaking  for  both  existing  and  new  processes.  yet,  most  manufacturers  are  only  using  1  of  the  data  they  collect  for  decisionmaking.  manufacturing  could  generate  the  greatest  value  from  data  and  ai,  deploying  analytics  within  the  plant  or  factory
__label__productinspection and  acting  on  realtime  data  can  dramatically  improve  decision  speed,  lower  costs  and  increase  worker  safety;  thats  where  the  edge  comes  in,  he  continued.  quality  control  looks  to  be  the  meeting  point  of  big  data,  artificial  intelligence  and  analytics.  the  past  10  years  has  seen  an  explosion  in  the  number  of  cameras  specifically  surveillance  systems  being  deployed  in  factories  and  cities  the  world  over.  individual  unit  price  has  plummeted,  while  image  quality  has  exponentially  increased.  a  highresolution,  high  framerate  camera  now  represents  a  very  costeffective  proposition;  but  more  importantly,  it  offers  a  tremendous  opportunity  to  leverage  the  data  each  camera
__label__productinspection captures.  and  yet,  thats  easier  said  than  done.  the  data  packet  from  one  4k  camera  is  sizeable,  the  data  packet  from  an  entire  networks  worth  is  monumental.  storing,  let  alone  processing  and  analysing,  such  a  volume  just  isnt  feasible  at  least  not  in  the  traditional  sense.  thats  why  edge  computing  represents  an  absolute  seachange  in  capability  and  thinking.  the  edge  is  increasingly  becoming  a  centrepiece  of  the  digital  enterprise  where  things  and  people  alike  generate  and  act  on  massive  amounts  of  data.  as  part  of  its  own  digital  supply  chain  journey  and  increasing  use  of  big  data  and  analytics,  sullivan
__label__productinspection shared  how  hpe  has  partnered  with  relimetrics  to  implement  an  optical  quality  assessment  for  the  hightech  production  of  computer  servers.  the  system  uses  an  innovative  aipowered  image  recognition  process  to  check  the  configuration  and  material  properties  of  manufactured  components,  enabling  hpe  to  improve  and  verify  quality  of  its  own  products.  quality  control  has  always  been  a  human  process,  but  the  pace  and  variability  of  production  means  humans  can  no  longer  keep  up,  concluded  sullivan.  our  partnership  with  relimetrics  and  the  resulting  solution  has  reduced  the  inspection  time  for  one  of  our  servers  from  five  minutes  to  10  seconds,  with  99.9
__label__productinspection automation  has  made  manufacturing  more  agile  and  flexible,  and  also  allows  developers  to  tailor  products  to  any  customers  exact  requirements.  industrial  systems  these  days  are  no  longer  programmed  only  for  certain  tasks  they  now  converge,  communicate,  and  integrate  with  each  other  in  a  way  that  simply  wasnt  possible  before.  network  visibility  covers  the  whole  spectrum  of  processes,  from  logistics  in  realtime  to  automated  quality  control.  the  everexpanding  internet  of  things  allows  operators  to  cut  labor  costs  by  automating  many  manual  processes,  which  further  supports  optimal  production  at  every  stage  of  the  process.  :  machinetomachine  communications  prevent  overheating  and  failure  by
__label__productinspection reassigning  workloads  from  overburdened  machines.  :  production  can  run  at  optimal  capacity  and  high  quality  as  the  data  on  all  active  components  within  the  system  is  relayed  to  the  cloud.  algorithms  analyze  overall  performance  to  assess  the  impact  of  any  disruptive  elements.  the  control  center  then  makes  appropriate  adjustments  to  control  factors  such  as  overheating.  :  data  for  multiple  factories  can  be  collected  and  analyzed  for  performance  comparisons.  the  software  generates  insights  for  stakeholders  to  work  out  further  process  improvements  with  tighter  algorithms,  ultimately  driving  up  revenues.  systems  that  were  not  connected  before  need  to  be  migrated  securely  to  interconnected
__label__productinspection networks.  this  can  be  accomplished  by  building  secure  internet  gateways  that  enable  cloudbased  central  control  systems  to  collect  local  intelligence  data  from  the  systems  while  blocking  attacks.  cigniti  is  a  global  leader  in  independent  quality  engineering  software  testing  services  with  offices  in  us,  uk,  india,  australia,  and  canada.  by  listen  on  the  go  its  human  nature  to  ignore  things  that  havent  impacted  us  yet.  but  that  shouldnt  stop  us...  by  listen  on  the  go  online  black  friday  threats,  security  breaches,  online  banking  thefts,  system  downtime,  and  many  such  nightmares  are...  by  listen  on  the  go  as  discussed  in  the  previous
__label__productinspection blog,  organizations  are  shifting  toward  an  agiledevops  strategy  for  their  sdlcs,...  get  the  latest  news  and  blogs  on  the  software  testing  industry  cigniti  technologies  limited  bse:  534758  ,  global  leaders  in  independent  quality  engineering  software  testing  services,  is  headquartered  at  hyderabad,  india.  cignitis  2100  career  testers  are  spread  across  us,  uk,  india,  australia,  and  canada.  cigniti  is  the  worlds  first  independent  software  testing  services  company  to  be  appraised  at  cmmisvc  v1.3,  maturity  level  5,  and  is  also  iso  9001:2015  iso  27001:2013  certified.  get  the  latest  news  and  blogs  on  the  software  testing  industry
__label__productinspection we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__productinspection the  question  of  what  iot  internet  of  things  really  is,  and  why  its  relevant  in  a  business  context  should  be  addressed.  the  internet  has  changed  industries  simply  through  its  power  to  give  you  access  to  data  anywhere,  anytime.  its  been  played  out  already  with  security  systems,  wearables,  and  countless  smart  devices  that  spread  across  a  variety  of  industries,  with  a  variety  of  purposes  including  entertainment,  health  monitoring,  security  notification  systems,  and  beyond.  first,  we  must  address  the  concept  of  the  thing,  if  in  fact,  the  thing  can  be  anything.  when  a  thing  is  connected  to  the  internet,  it  then  has
__label__productinspection the  capability  to  both  send  and  receive  information,  which  elevates  it  to  becoming  a  smart  thing.  so,  the  obvious  next  step  is  to  consider  how  that  benefits  the  thing  in  question.  the  easiest  example  is  a  phone  that  also  serves  as  a  music  playing  device.  no,  there  may  not  be  endless  storage  on  the  phone  for  every  song  in  the  world;  but  if  its  a  smartphone,  the  phone  is  capable  of  sending  and  receiving  data.  therefore,  it  potentially  has  access  to  every  song  in  the  world  that  is  available  for  streaming  online.  this  is  where  things  get  interesting  for  business
__label__productinspection users,  because  business  is  built  on  the  exchange  of  goods  and  services.  if  the  tools  you  use  to  do  business,  whether  its  b2b  or  b2c,  are  now  capable  of  collecting/sending/receiving  relevant  data  from  the  internet  with  less  effort,  youre  increasing  efficiency.  more  output  units  produced,  tasks  accomplished  with  the  same  input  time,  energy,  money,  resources,  or  the  same  output  with  less  input.  industrial  applications,  like  manufacturing,  benefit  from  more  production  at  less  cost,  because  greater  revenue  is  thereby  implied.  of  course,  other  industries  benefit  from  these  gains  as  well.  there  are  three  main  iot  use  cases  in  the  manufacturing  sector:
__label__productinspection manufacturing  operations  management  mom  can  benefit  from  iot  through  assistance  and  improved  monitoring  of  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing  through  better  monitoring  of  production  workflows,  performance  optimization  through  intelligent  data  collection,  thereby  improving  planning  in  general,  and  smoother  operational  workflow  with  better  visibility  endtoend.  assets  in  the  manufacturing  business  decrease  in  value  over  time,  but  with  iot,  the  process  can  be  slowed  down  with  better  monitoring  and  maintenance.  sensors  can  be  used  to  predict  wear,  tear,  potential  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  and  moreall  depending  on  products  you  work  with.  going  outside  of  the  manufacturing  facility  to  the  service  provider  arena,  the  information  collected
__label__productinspection from  the  source  can  be  used  for  better  planning,  scheduling,  forecasting,  and  proactive  customer  service.  the  content  greatly  depends  on  the  product  or  service  itself.  safety  and  security  of  workers  through  better  monitoring  of  potentially  dysfunctional  assets  vehicle  and  asset  tracking  smart  environmental  monitoring  facility  management  digital  connected  factory  smart  measurement  of  liquids,  gases,  radiation  and  other  dangerous  materials  logistics  packaging,  shipping,  and  receiving  customer  preference  and  behavior  quality  control  conditionbased  alerts  implement  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts  to  eliminate  machine  downtime  and  increase  throughput,  optimize  machine  availability  temperature  sensors,  motion  sensors,  moisture  sensors,  air  quality  sensors,  light  sensors,  etc.  can  all
__label__productinspection be  monitored  using  iot  to  collect  and  send  relevant  technical  data  and  critical  information  to  the  right  parties  so  that  action  can  be  taken,  and  intelligent  decisions  can  be  made  monitoring  production  flow  aggregate  product  data  customer  sentiment  and  other  thirdparty  data  to  identify  and  correct  quality  issues  aside  from  just  collecting  and  sending  data  to  the  important  parties,  iot  can  also  receive  data,  and  create  certain  triggers  that  create  action.  in  manufacturing,  an  example  could  be  the  management  of  an  asset  remotely,  based  on  certain  limits  such  as  temperature.  if  the  temperature  sensor  on  a  machine  reaches  a  limit,
__label__productinspection it  can  trigger  an  automated  response  that  sets  a  limit  on  the  machine  to  conserve  energy,  keeping  costs  low,  potentially  protecting  the  value  of  the  asset  over  time,  and  reducing  the  cost  of  resources.  another  example  would  be  monitoring  the  moisture  in  soil,  for  a  farmer.  when  it  reaches  a  certain  point,  automation  triggers  automate  the  sprinkler  system  to  turn  off.  the  options  are  endless.  lets  go  back  to  the  concept  of  smart  things,  where  the  premise  is  the  things  ability  to  access  information  that  it  wouldnt  normally  access  without  the  power  of  the  internet.  now,  combine  the  benefits  being
__label__productinspection able  to  receive  and  send  information  to  the  ability  to  act  on  that  information,  with  triggers  based  on  the  data  that  is  received,  and  now  you  have  the  potential  to  create  systems  that  are  intelligent.  going  back  to  the  soil  irrigation  example,  if  youre  able  to  receive  weather  data,  in  conjunction  with  information  about  moisture  in  the  soil  from  your  irrigation  systems,  you  can  make  predictive  decisions  to  prevent  overwatering,  and  automate  solutions  based  on  that  information.  the  power  of  this  kind  of  technology  goes  far  beyond  your  businesss  core  competencies,  but  its  best  to  start  with  whats  most  relevant
__label__productinspection to  your  business  today.  first,  sensors  or  devices  collect  data  from  their  environment.  this  data  could  be  as  simple  as  a  temperature  reading  or  as  complex  as  a  full  video  feed.  we  use  sensors/devices,  because  multiple  sensors  can  be  bundled  together,  or  sensors  can  be  part  of  a  device  that  does  more  than  just  sense  things.  for  example,  your  phone  is  a  device  that  has  multiple  sensors  camera,  accelerometer,  gps,  etc.,  but  your  phone  is  not  just  a  sensor  since  it  can  perform  many  actions.  the  sensors/devices  can  be  connected  to  the  cloud  through  a  variety  of  methods  including:  cellular,
__label__productinspection satellite,  wifi,  bluetooth,  lowpower  widearea  networks  lpwan,  connecting  via  a  gateway/router  or  connecting  directly  to  the  internet  via  ethernet.  the  internet  is  either  contained  in  the  thing  itself  ex.  smartphones,  or  a  connected  hub  ex.  roku  that  collects  data  from  a  variety  of  objects  that  send  and  receive  data  to  and  from  the  cloud.  once  the  data  gets  to  the  cloud,  software  performs  some  kind  of  processing  on  it.  this  could  be  very  simple,  such  as  checking  that  the  temperature  reading  is  within  an  acceptable  range.  or  it  could  also  be  very  complex,  such  as  using  computer  vision  on  video
__label__productinspection to  identify  objects  such  as  intruders  on  a  property.  remote  iot  devices  will  differentiate  from  todays  smartphones  in  that  they  will  benefit  from  additional  features  that  are  useful  in  business  applications.  devices  will  benefit  from  improved  efficiency,  operating  for  a  year  or  more  unattended  and  conserving  energy.  they  wont  be  as  easily  accessible  for  charging.  depending  on  the  usecase,  and  how  broadly  objects  with  sensors  need  to  be  distributed,  iot  sensors  would  need  to  be  inexpensive.  environmental  factors  could  impact  the  technology,  therefore  certain  iot  devices  would  need  to  be  designed  as  such.  regulated  and  sensitive  data  may  be  accessed
__label__productinspection by  certain  iot,  and  therefore  needs  to  be  protected  as  such.  every  sensor/device  that  is  connected  to  the  internet  becomes  vulnerable  to  being  hacked.  hacked  sensors/devices  are  bad.  not  just  for  the  owner,  but  for  everyone  else  too.  therefore,  security  needs  to  be  a  priority.  iot  enabled  realtime  inventory  insights  accumulated  values  from  across  the  network  of  iot  devices  should  accurately  reflect  what  was  produced  at  each  device  values  logged  within  the  big  data  environment  should  be  consistent  with  the  context  in  which  the  values  were  produced  by  each  device  have  all  the  data  values  been  accumulated  in  the  environment?
__label__productinspection are  there  any  gaps  in  a  series  of  reported  events  or  sensor  values  that  should  have  been  captured?  are  the  values  being  captured  within  a  reasonable  time  frame  and  synchronized  within  that  context?  if  your  retail  business  relies  on  storage  and  warehousing  to  any  degree,  inventory  tracking  and  management  inefficiencies  have  probably  come  up  at  some  point.  iot  technology  can  help  alleviate  some  of  these  issues  by,  for  example,  providing  realtime  inventory  visibility  that  can  be  enabled  through  automation,  sensors,  and  analytics.  this  kind  of  technology,  such  as  itemlevel  rfid  tagging,  can  boost  accuracy  by  minimizing  human  error,  reducing  outofstick
__label__productinspection situations,  and  helping  to  prevent  theft.  every  organization  has  great  potential  to  benefit  from  more  thorough  endtoend  data  collection.  when  products  are  passed  between  the  hands  of  various  departments,  its  difficult  to  track  how  things  could  potentially  be  handled  better,  where  losses  occur,  when  its  taking  too  long  to  get  from  one  point  to  another,  and  everything  in  between.  iot  devices  can  provide  more  access  to  consumer  data,  but  also  track  and  record  patterns  in  which  consumers  interact  with  the  devices  themselves,  providing  the  intel  for  better  device  intelligence.  when  devices  become  more  intelligent,  businesses  using  them  can  find  ways
__label__productinspection to  offer  better  user  experiences  and  make  improvements  for  better  growth  and  revenue.  once  information  is  gathered  through  the  device  that  provides  intel  about  the  product  lifecycle,  the  consumers,  and  the  market,  iot  devices  can  improve  business  productivity  in  measurable,  tangible  ways.  whenever  more  can  be  done  is  less  time,  and  potentially  with  less  resources,  more  accurate  and  efficient  processes  can  be  put  into  place,  which  keeps  your  business  one  step  ahead  of  your  competitors  who  may  not  already  be  implementing  such  measures.  when  productivity  and  efficiency  is  increased,  naturally,  so  will  profits.  all  industries  are  becoming  more  open  to
__label__productinspection being  more  mobile  and  allowing  their  employees  to  work  remotely,  whether  that  be  because  of  business  travel,  supporting  families,  or  simply  providing  more  flexibility.  but  because  of  this,  its  necessary  to  provide  your  team  with  the  tools  needed  to  ensure  that  they  can  be  just  as  successful  at  home  or  on  the  go  as  they  are  in  the  workplace.  many  studies  have  shown  that  employees  who  are  given  a  certain  amount  of  remote  flexibility  tend  to  be  happier  and  more  productive  overall,  which  has  a  significant  impact  on  company  morale  and  can  improve  your  business  functionality  over  time.  with  iot
__label__productinspection technology,  there  are  certain  tasks  that  can  be  managed  and  overseen  without  needing  to  be  physically  present.  as  technology  evolves,  so  do  careers.  iot  technology  will  require  new  skillsets  regarding  the  type  of  devices  and  software  that  your  organization  uses,  which  will  in  turn  create  a  need  to  begin  hiring  more  technically  skilled  workers  who  can  interact  with  this  technology  properly.  workplaces  in  every  industry  are  progressing  technologically,  and  as  expectations  will  continue  to  require  more  technical  knowledge  in  other  industries,  manufacturing  is  no  exception.  businesses  will  start  recruiting  individuals  with  this  type  of  knowledge,  and  therefore  individuals  will  begin
__label__productinspection to  train  differently  for  their  careers  in  order  to  fulfill  this  need.  smart  workplaces  are  evolution  of  industry,  and  even  if  your  organization  hasnt  gotten  that  far,  rest  assured  that  your  competitors  is  considering  these  changes  as  well.  the  businesses  that  are  resistant  to  change  will  suffer  more  than  those  who  embrace  it.  imagine  the  power  your  organization  can  gain  by  understanding  your  customers  at  nextlevel  detail.  every  aspect  of  your  organization  can  benefit  from  the  insights  that  iot  technology  can  bring  to  your  crm  system  by  the  collection  of  data,  analyzing  that  data,  and  communicating  that  data  about  product
__label__productinspection usage  and  customer  behavior  straight  to  salesforce.  iot  not  only  offers  the  opportunity  for  new  devices  to  be  invented,  but  also  new  industries,  or  new  branches  within  existing  industries  to  be  invented.  iot  examples  that  have  already  changed  society  include  ridesharing,  home  automation,  electric  cards,  medical  monitoring,  and  even  manufacturing  robots.  but  this  is  just  the  tip  of  the  iceberg.  the  more  you  know  about  your  customer  and  how  they  interact  with  your  product  or  service  or  connected  iot  devices,  the  better  you  can  do  to  serve  them  in  a  way  that  keeps  them  spending  money  with  your  organization.  where
__label__productinspection applicable,  employees  can  benefit  from  interacting  with  iot  data.  salesforce  iot  is  a  lowcode  development  platform  that  is  languagebased.  this  technology  allows  you  to  better  support  and  serve  your  customers  through  their  use  of  connected  devices,  from  anywhere  within  salesforce.  improve  business  by  building  better  products  and  create  more  engaging  and  thorough  business  models  with  visibility  into  how  your  devices  are  actually  used.  most  manufacturing  organizations  are  headed  towards  some  sort  of  digital  transformation,  but  the  standards  of  change  are  not  spread  evenly  across  the  entire  vertical.  organizations  are  finding  new  ways  to  connect  their  physical  assets  to  their  customer
__label__productinspection experiences.  are  devices,  apps,  and  other  objects  with  embedded  electronics,  sensors,  or  software.  these  things  can  send  and  receive  data  once  they  are  connected  to  the  internet.  means  that  these  things  are  connected  to  the  internet  and  can  transmit  data  over  networks  and  other  systems,  to  the  cloud.  it  refers  to  how  things  connect  to  each  other  over  networks  and  other  systems,  to  the  cloud.  it  refers  to  how  things  connect  to  each  other  over  networks  and  other  systems.  requires  sophisticated  software  to  manage  connected  devices,  not  to  mention  the  security  and  ongoing  maintenance  it  requires  to  ensure  that  everything
__label__productinspection is  operating  at  full  capacity.  is  impacted  by  using  the  data  that  is  created  from  all  the  connected  things  in  iot.  proper  use  of  this  data  can  transform  every  aspect  of  your  business,  including  how  you  service,  market,  and  build  apps.  in  conjunction  with  salesforce,  as  the  number  one  crm,  your  team  can  harness  data  streaming  from  their  network  of  connected  products  and  reimagine  the  way  they  sell,  service,  market,  build  apps,  and  more.  when  it  comes  to  customer  experience,  salesforce  has  already  made  a  massive  impact,  creating  one  of  the  most  powerful,  flexible,  and  integrative  experiences  currently  available  in
__label__productinspection the  crm  market.  but  with  the  integration  of  iot  in  the  salesforce  space,  companies  can  scale  their  strategies  by  providing  tools  that  can  turn  these  billions  of  data  points  from  millions  of  connected  devices  into  customer  experiences.  you  can  connect  every  device,  sensor,  website,  or  interaction  with  salesforce  customer  context  data  to  get  a  better  picture  of  your  customer  and  how  they  interact  with  the  device.  intuitive,  languagebased  click  tools  can  be  put  into  place  that  dont  require  heavy  coding  for  your  business  users  so  that  they  can  rapidly  innovate  in  iot  by  creating  customer  experiences  that  are  totally  unique
__label__productinspection to  your  business.  all  the  data  that  can  be  collected  via  iot  devices  can  be  sorted  through  to  turn  data  into  action  by  identifying  significant  events  and  triggering  and  automating  near  realtime  output  to  any  core  salesforce  clouds  or  a  thirdparty  service.  explaining  the  parts  of  salesforce  iot  educate,  nurture,  and  win  customers  to  grow  demand  and  score  renewal  revenue.  delight  your  customers  to  keep  customer  churn  and  maintenance  costs  at  bay.  enter  new  markets  with  flexible  it  infrastructure  that  enables  faster  innovation  cycles  and  leverages  new  customer  insights  sources:  https://mobileheights.org/thesearethe6mainattributesthatdefinethethingsintheinternetofthings/  https://hackernoon.com/howcaniotaffectbusiness283df0edf610  https://www.iotevolutionworld.com/smarthome/articles/4377127waysiotchangebusinessworld.htm  https://blogs.sas.com/content/datamanagement/2016/04/27/characteristicsiotdataquality/  https://www.applexus.com/howtheiotimprovesretailinventorymanagement  smbhd  is  an  award  winning
__label__productinspection it  consulting  organization  specializing  in  delivering  innovative  cloudbased  technology  solutions  to  small  and  medium  sized  businesses.  smbhdprovides  consulting  services  on  salesforce  solutions,  microsoft  solutions  including  office  365  and  azure,  infrastructure  support,  and  a  full  service  managed  it  services  offering.  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  to  stay  informed  about  smbhd  business  technology,  news,  and  updates.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  provide  you  with  the  best  browsing  experience.  find  out  more  or  adjust  your  .  this  website  uses  cookies  so  that  we  can  provide  you  with  the  best  user  experience  possible.  cookie  information  is  stored  in  your  browser  and  performs  functions  such  as
__label__productinspection recognising  you  when  you  return  to  our  website  and  helping  our  team  to  understand  which  sections  of  the  website  you  find  most  interesting  and  useful.  strictly  necessary  cookie  should  be  enabled  at  all  times  so  that  we  can  save  your  preferences  for  cookie  settings.  if  you  disable  this  cookie,  we  will  not  be  able  to  save  your  preferences.  this  means  that  every  time  you  visit  this  website  you  will  need  to  enable  or  disable  cookies  again.
__label__productinspection increase  equipment  efficiency,  drive  production  quality,  and  tap  intelligent  supply  chains  for  oil  and  gas,  agriculture,  and  process  manufacturers  with  the  internet  of  things  iot.  achieve  operational  excellence  across  your  processes,  maximize  production  yield  while  reducing  waste,  and  monitor  asset  integrity  to  avoid  critical  and  costly  downtime.  explore  these  common  uses  for  iot  in  process  manufacturing  and  imagine  how  a  new  azure  iot  solution  could  help  your  business.  get  a  complete  view  of  your  operations  and  better  meet  your  customers  needs  by  collecting  data  from  equipment  and  factories,  then  consolidating  and  analyzing  it.  improve  operational  performance  and  decision  making,  anticipate
__label__productinspection disruptions,  and  help  employees  make  better,  faster  decisions  by  giving  them  the  right  data  at  the  right  time.  achieve  operational  excellence  with  azure  iot  solution  accelerator  for  connected  factory.  decrease  supplychain  risk  and  ensure  the  quality  and  authenticity  of  intransit  products  with  a  full  survey  of  your  inbound  and  outbound  logistics.  improve  security  and  increase  efficiency  by  tracking  the  location  of  materials  and  monitoring  resource  consumption  with  iot  sensors  connected  throughout  your  supply  chain.  achieve  connected  logistics  with  azure  sphere,  azure  maps,  and  azure  blockchain.  ensure  the  safety  and  quality  of  goods  from  harvest  to  shelf  by  investing  in  smart
__label__productinspection farming  systems.  track  agriculture  yields  through  the  supply  chain  and  collaborate  with  other  manufacturers  and  food  and  beverage  providers  using  shared  geolocation  and  sensor  data.  achieve  precision  farming  with  azure  maps,  azure  iot  edge,  and  azure  iot  solution  accelerator  for  remote  monitoring.  mitigate  production  and  service  disruptions  by  connecting  your  equipment  and  applying  advanced  analytics  and  machine  learning  to  anticipate  outages.  ensure  production  uptime  with  rich  insights  and  automatic  alerts  trigged  by  manufacturing  data.  make  these  advancements  with  azure  iot  solution  accelerator  for  prescriptive  maintenance.  identify  potential  issues  before  they  happen  with  a  prescriptive  maintenance  solution  built  entirely  from  azure
__label__productinspection iot  products.  in  this  demo,  see  how  to  analyze  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices,  collect  data  over  time,  and  apply  machine  learning  to  predict  and  prevent  equipment  failures  and  costly  downtime.  dashboard  kpi  summary  alerts  and  warnings  asset  details  alert  resolution  real  time  remote  monitoring  operators  can  see  the  real  time  location  and  health  status  of  the  entire  infrastructure  on  the  dashboard.  view  asset  location  and  status  understanding  asset  health  is  critical  as  any  losttime  incident  can  be  extremely  costly  to  production  volumes  and  supply  contracts.  keep  tabs  on  remote  locations  where  a  site  might  have  been  visited  once
__label__productinspection every  six  months  for  routine  maintenance,  its  status  can  now  be  tracked  in  real  time.  track  business  metrics  in  real  time  critical  site  and  production  data  rolls  up  to  summarize  important  business  kpis,  tracking  them  against  targets  and  thresholds  throughout  the  day,  or  production  period.  get  real  time  results  from  assets  that  traditionally  might  not  be  monitored  for  days,  weeks  or  months  integrate  with  existing  systems  real  time  sensor  data  can  be  combined  with  information  from  other  external  sources,  or  even  other  enterprise  systems  like  crm,  or  erp  services.  real  time  alerts  and  warnings  alerts  are  escalated  in  real  time
__label__productinspection for  attention  by  the  operator.  breakdowns  can  be  responded  to  quickly  through  the  custom  portal  or  machinery  shut  down  through  commands  sent  from  the  dashboard.  predict  failures  before  they  happen  importantly,  some  alerts  are  predicted.  maintenance  can  be  carried  out  in  advance  of  a  failure  when  data  points  to  a  situation,  or  trend,  that  the  prediction  model  recognizes  as  problematic.  resolve  issues  before  they  escalate  the  operator  can  select  the  highest  priority  critical  error  that  isnt  already  being  resolved  or  monitored.  analyze  real  time  data  feeds  the  dashboard  ingests  data  in  real  time.  at  this  level  the  actual  production  performance
__label__productinspection and  health  status  of  an  individual  asset  can  be  monitored.  empower  decision  makers  to  take  action  this  data  allows  decision  makers  to  plan  for  scheduled  or  unscheduled  work,  organize  maintenance  windows  or  predict  production  outputs  from  assets  that  might  be  in  remote  locations.  conduct  maintenance  before  an  asset  fails  in  this  example  a  fan  has  a  critical  predicted  warning.  it  will  fail  within  days  and  cause  the  asset  to  be  shut  down.  it  is  also  well  within  the  standard  service  life  of  this  part.  the  operator  can  select  the  specific  part  to  take  action.  take  action  and  resolve  the  dashboard
__label__productinspection alert  details  provide  the  operator  with  specific  information  about  the  part  and  the  recognized  problem.  this  includes  serial  number,  part  number  and  even  inventory  and  location  of  replacement  items.  analyze  business  impact  the  predicted  failure  notes  that  the  air  filter  fan  will  fail  before  the  unit  is  scheduled  to  have  routine  maintenance.  this  will  result  in  a  losttime  shut  down  of  the  asset.  analyze  data  in  real  time  real  time  data  is  ingested  from  devices  in  the  field  and  displayed  in  the  portal.  the  operator  can  monitor  the  real  time  actual  data  feed  to  verify  that  the  alerts  and  information
__label__productinspection provided  is  correct.  the  threshold  for  the  alert  is  also  displayed  so  the  user  can  easily  see  the  tracking  in  relation  to  normal  operation.  create  service  tickets  the  operator  can  create  a  ticket  to  have  maintenance  staff  replace  the  part  and  keep  the  asset  operational.  they  also  have  information  and  data  to  carry  out  business  analytics  and  make  any  changes  to  operations  based  on  the  outcome.  create  service  tickets  the  operator  can  create  a  ticket  to  have  maintenance  staff  replace  the  part  and  keep  the  asset  operational.  they  also  have  information  and  data  to  carry  out  business  analytics  and  make
__label__productinspection any  changes  to  operations  based  on  the  outcome.  bhler  uses  iot  and  machine  learning  to  reduce  energy  consumption  and  food  waste  while  making  foods  safer  to  eat.  we  set  this  target  to  reduce  energy  consumption  and  waste  by  thirty  percent  in  our  customers  value  chains  and  digitalization  is  an  enabler  of  that.  syngenta  increases  yield  by  deriving  connected  farming  insights  from  plant  data.  we  are  embarking  on  a  subscriptionbased  softwareasaservice  model  for  the  agriculture  industry  and  industrial  agriculture  customers.  ecolab  solves  global  water  challenges  with  cloud  technologies.  we  can  capture  any  data,  anywhere,  and  transmit  that  information  around  the  world
__label__productinspection very  rapidly.  we  can  now  harness  the  power  of  this  platform  to  serve  many  more  customers,  measuring  many  more  flows  at  many  more  plants  than  we  could  even  conceive  of  in  the  past.  tetra  pak  keeps  food  and  drink  flowing  safely  from  farm  to  table  with  precision  farming  systems.  when  you  have  plants  around  the  world,  the  service  knowledge  we  gain  from  one  plant  comes  to  benefit  another.  get  customized  or  readytouse  solutions.  find  an  app  integrate  customized  iot  solutions  with  your  existing  systems.  find  a  system  integrator  si  use  azure  certified  for  iot  partners  for  simplified  device  connectivity  and
__label__productinspection security.  find  a  hardware  partner  offer  your  deep  knowledge  to  help  deliver  the  right  iot  solution  to  your  customers.  create  and  sell  customized  or  readytouse  iot  software  and  services  in  your  area  or  industry  of  expertise.  become  a  si  or  an  isv  partner  help  ease  device  connectivity  and  security  as  an  azure  certified  for  iot  partner.  become  a  device  partner  learn  how  business  leaders  are  making  azure  iot  work  for  industry  4.0  download  the  ebook  gain  new  business  insights  using  the  equipment  you  already  have  and  the  internet  of  things  iot.  download  the  ebook  go  social  hello  from  seattle.
__label__productinspection the  leading  growth  strategy  for  manufacturers  in  2019  is  improving  shop  floor  productivity  by  investing  in  machine  learning  platforms  that  deliver  the  insights  needed  to  improve  product  quality  and  production  yields.  using  machine  learning  to  streamline  every  phase  of  production,  starting  with  inbound  supplier  quality  through  manufacturing  scheduling  to  fulfillment  is  now  a  priority  in  manufacturing.  according  to  a  ,  machine  learning  is  reducing  unplanned  machinery  downtime  between  15  30,  increasing  production  throughput  by  20,  reducing  maintenance  costs  30  and  delivering  up  to  a  35  increase  in  quality.  the  following  are  ten  ways  machines  learning  is  revolutionizing  manufacturing  in  2019:
__label__productinspection ,  microsoft  pdf,  72  pp.,  no  optin  accenture,  pdf,  20  pp.,  no  optin  anderson,  m.  2019.  machine  learning  in  manufacturing.  automotive  design  production,  131  4,  3032.  bruno,  j.  2019.  how  the  iiot  can  change  business  models.  manufacturing  engineering,  163  1,  12.  greenfield,  d.  2019.  advice  on  scaling  iiot  projects.  profood  world  hayhoe,  t.,  podhorska,  i.,  siekelova,  a.,  stehel,  v.  2019.  sustainable  manufacturing  in  industry  4.0:  crosssector  networks  of  multiple  supply  chains,  cyberphysical  production  systems,  and  aidriven  decisionmaking.  journal  of  self  governance  and  management  economics,  7  2,  3136.  honeywell,  pdf,  36  pp.,  no  optin  how  and  why  to  digitize  your  supply
__label__productinspection chain.  2019.  manufacturing.net.  how  emerging  technologies  can  transform  the  supply  chain.  2019.  manufacturing.net,  iri  offers  ai  and  machine  learning  in  leading  suite  of  analytic  solutions.  2019.  manufacturing  close  up  kazuyuki,  m.  2019.  digitalization  of  manufacturing  process  and  open  innovation:  survey  results  of  small  and  medium  sized  firms  in  japan  .  st.  louis:  federal  reserve  bank  of  st  louis.  ,  emerj  artificial  intelligence  research,  last  updated  may  20,  2019,  published  by  jon  walker  machine  learning,  ai  are  most  impactful  supply  chain  technologies.  2019.  material  handling  logistics  mapi  foundation,  by  robert  d.  atkinson,  stephen  ezell,  information  technology  and  innovation  foundation  pdf,  56
__label__productinspection pp.,  optin  mckinsey  global  institute  ,  interactive  visualization  tool.  april,  2018  mckinsey  by  enno  de  boer,  helena  leurent,  and  adrian  widmer;  january,  2019.  mckinsey,  ,  by  eleftherios  charalambous,  robert  feldmann,  grard  richter,  and  christoph  schmitz  mckinsey,  pdf,  24  pp.,  no  optin  mckinsey,  ,  february  2019  pdf,  100  pp.,  no  optin.  mckinsey,  ,  by  valerio  dilda,  lapo  mori,  olivier  noterdaeme,  and  christoph  schmitz,  march,  2019  mckinsey/harvard  business  review,  morey,  b.  2019.  manufacturing  and  ai:  promises  and  pitfalls.  manufacturing  engineering,  163  1,  10.  otto,  s.  2018.  how  predictive  maintenance  is  improving  asset  efficiency.  machine  design.  reducing  the  barriers  to  entry  in  advanced
__label__productinspection analytics.  2019.  manufacturing.net,  seven  ways  realtime  monitoring  is  driving  smart  manufacturing.  2019.  manufacturing.net,  siemens,  ,  chengdu,  may  15th,  2019  pdf,  68  pp.,  no  optin  52  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  mckinsey  company.  team  predicts  the  useful  life  of  batteries  with  data  and  ai.  2019,  mar  28.  r  d.  ,  microsoft,  greg  shaw  pdf,  73  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin.  by  erik  granstedt  mller  for  the  degree  of  master  of  science  in  engineering.  kth  royal  institute  of  technology,  published  2017.  pdf,  55  pp.,  no  optin  ,  activewizards:  a  machine  learning  company  igor  bobriakov,  march  12,  2019  walker,  m.  e.  2019.  armed  with  analytics:
__label__productinspection manufacturing  as  a  martial  art.  industry  week  whittle,  t.,  gregova,  e.,  podhorska,  i.,  rowland,  z.  2019.  smart  manufacturing  technologies:  datadriven  algorithms  in  production  planning,  sustainable  value  creation,  and  operational  performance  improvement.  economics,  management  and  financial  markets,  14  2,  5257.  why  software  will  drive  the  smart  factory  and  the  future  of  manufacturing.  2019.  manufacturing.net  zulick,  j.  2019.  how  machine  learning  is  transforming  industrial  production.  machine  design  i  am  currently  serving  as  principal,  iqms,  part  of  dassault  systmes.  previous  positions  include  product  management  at  ingram  cloud,  product  marketing  at  ibaset,  plex  sy...
__label__productinspection explore  our  indepth  product  development  tutorials  and  new  technology  announcements  published  by  our  software  development  experts  there  are  many  applications  for  machine  learning,  whether  it  be  processing  social  media  traffic  and  trying  to  surface  actionable  insights  or  targeting  consumers  based  on  past  purchases.  in  this  article  aimed  at  those  interested  in  artificial  intelligence,  we  look  at  10  examples  of  machine  vision  in  manufacturing  which  include  the  following:  a  business  that  depends  on  physical  components  to  manufacture  products  or  help  provide  services  often  need  to  undertake  maintenance  on  machinery  or  equipment  or  in  the  worstcase  scenario,  machinery  can  break  or  components
__label__productinspection can  become  faulty  bringing  product  to  a  standstill.  predictive  maintenance  is  the  process  of  using  machine  learning  and  iot  devices  to  monitor  data  on  machinery  and  components,  often  using  sensors,  to  collect  data  points  and  identify  signals  or  take  corrective  actions  before  assets  or  components  break  down.  consider  that  just  one  minute  of  downtime  in  an  automotive  factory  can  cost  as  much  as  .  its  challenges  like  machine  vision  can  help  business  keep  on  top  of,  for  example,  a  software  program  called  zdt  zero  down  time,  developed  by  ,  collects  images  from  cameras  attached  to  robots,  these  images  and  accompanying
__label__productinspection metadata  are  then  sent  to  the  cloud  for  processing  and  helps  to  identify  potential  problems  before  they  arise.  during  an  18month  pilot,  the  solution  was  deployed  to  7,000  robots  in  38  automotive  factories  across  six  contents  and  detect  and  prevented  72  component  failures  it  is  critical  for  pharmaceutical  companies  to  count  tablets  or  capsules  before  placing  them  into  containers.  to  solve  this  problem,  pharma  packaging  systems,  who  are  based  in  england,  has  developed  a  solution  that  can  be  deployed  to  existing  production  lines  or  even  ran  as  a  standalone  unit.  a  key  feature  of  the  solution  involves  using  computer  vision
__label__productinspection to  check  for  broken  or  partially  formed  tablets.  as  tablets  make  their  way  through  the  production  line,  pictures  are  taken  and  transferred  to  a  dedicated  pc  that  then  processes  the  images  using  software  which  then  runs  further  analysis  to  check  if  the  tablets  are  the  right  color,  length,  width,  and  whole.  the  pc  based  vision  inspection  system  is  also  implemented  to  a  pc  that  performs  the  counting  function  and  if  a  tablet  is  deemed  as  defective,  this  information  is  logged  which  then  sends  a  signal  to  the  counting  functioning,  and  by  the  time  the  bottle  of  containers  reaches  the  end
__label__productinspection of  production  line,  containers  that  have  defective  tablets  are  then  rejected,  thereby  removing  the  possibility  of  shipping  defective  medical  tablets.  you  can  read  more  about  this  solutionhere.  reading,  identifying  and  processing  hundreds  and  thousands  of  barcodes  per  day  is  no  easy  task  and  something  that  humans  simply  cannot  do  at  scale.  for  example,  cell  phones  and  mobile  devices  require  smaller  and  smaller  printed  circuit  boards  or  pcbs.  as  manufacturers  are  pressured  to  produce  higher  volumes  of  pcbs  for  the  evergrowing  tech  market,  they  are  looking  towards  a  process  known  as  panelization.  in  this  process,  a  number  of  identical  circuit  boards
__label__productinspection are  printed  onto  a  large  panel,  each  circuit  is  then  separated  by  the  machine  for  final  testing,  in  order  to  inspect  these  boards,  however,  a  machine  vision  based  solution  called  panelscan  was  developed  to  read  the  barcodes  which  are  the  unique  identifiers  of  each  circuit  that  is  present  on  the  pcn  panel.  historically  a  human  applied  this  task  by  using  a  handheld  barcode  scanner,  naturally,  this  was  timeconsuming  and  open  to  human  error.  by  implementing  a  machine  vision  based  solution,  pcb  manufacturers  can  drive  business  savings.  you  can  learn  more  about  how  manufacturers  are  using  machine  vision  to  process  barcodeshere.
__label__productinspection high  performant  manufacturing  plants  need  to  ensure  products  and  components  that  fall  off  the  production  line  adhere  to  quality,  safety  and  production  guidelines.  its  with  this  in  mind  that  acquire  automation  has  developed  a  suite  of  solutions  that  help  businesses  ensure  their  product  and  component  assembly  standards  are  being  enforced.  for  example,  one  of  their  solutions  implements  machine  vision  that  allows  manufacturers  to  inspect  bottles  in  a  full  360degree  view  to  ensure  that  products  are  placed  in  the  correct  packaging  and  is  also  able  to  inspect  other  critical  attributes  of  packaged  products  such  as:  all  of  this  helps  increase  the
__label__productinspection throughput  of  the  production  line  whilst  at  the  same  time  reducing  the  number  of  product  recalls  and  increasing  productivity  and  ultimately,  keeps  consumers  happy  you  can  read  more  about  some  of  the  other  machine  vision  solutions  at  their  site  .  understandably,  if  you  run  a  manufacturing  line,  you  want  produce  components  or  products  that  are  free  of  defects  machine  vision  is  a  technology  that  can  help  businesses  achieve  this.  that  said,  machine  vision  inspection  systems  can  vary  widely  in  terms  of  their  implementation,  some  require  an  operator  whereas  more  complex  vision  based  solutions  do  not  need  an  operator.  a  firm
__label__productinspection named  shelton  has  a  surface  inspection  system  called  webspector  that  identifies  defects  and  stores  images  and  accompanying  metadata  related  to  the  image.  as  items  fall  through  the  production  line,  defects  get  classified  according  to  their  type  and  are  assigned  an  accompanying  grade.  doing  this  allows  manufacturers  to  differentiate  between  different  types  of  defect  who  may  then  wish  to  only  halt  the  production  line  when  x  number  of  y  types  of  defect  has  occurred.  another  one  of  sheltons  machine  vision  based  technologies  called  webspector  which  leverages  imaging  software  and  state  of  the  art  cameras  could  improve  the  productivity  of  a  fabric
__label__productinspection producer  by  50  you  can  read  more  about  this  story  .  machine  vision  can  play  a  massive  role  in  the  motoring  sector.  one  report  suggests  that  the  overall  machine  vision  market  could  be  worth  up  to  a  machine  vision  inspection  system  that  contains  a  dalsa  genie  nano  camera  is  being  used  in  a  production  line  to  undertake  tasks  that  humans  can  sometimes  struggle  with.  in  this  use  case,  the  system  uses  highresolution  images  to  build  up  a  full  3d  model  of  components  and  their  connector  pins.  as  components  pass  through  the  manufacturing  plant,  the  machine  vision  system  takes  multiple  scans
__label__productinspection of  images  from  different  angles  to  produce  a  3d  model,  these  images,  when  combined,  allow  the  system  to  identify  if  connector  pins  on  circuitry  are  faulty  which  could  have  disastrous  effects  later  down  the  production  line.  3d  vision  inspection  has  many  applications  but  one  of  the  most  common  use  cases  for  the  technology  is  in  the  production  of  automobiles.  with  electrical  faults  accounting  for  a  lot  of  automobile  faults  these  days,  being  able  to  perform  3d  scans  of  connector  pins  can  help  car  manufacturers  drive  cost  savings,  reduce  the  chance  of  shipping  faulty  electrical  components  and  help  improve  driver  safety.
__label__productinspection you  can  learn  more  about  3d  inspection  and  this  use  case  .  the  applications  of  machine  vision  arent  just  restricted  to  productions  lines  in  manufacturing  plants.  for  example,  komatsu  ltd,  who  is  a  leading  manufacturer  of  mining  and  construction  equipment  based  in  the  uk,  recently  announced  plans  to  partner  with  nvidia  to  integrate  nvidias  set  of  cloud  to  edge  technologies.  the  main  driver  for  this  was  to  improve  site  management  services,  safety,  and  efficiency.  the  partnership  integrates  the  nvidia  jetson  ai  platform  into  machinery  often  used  with  drilling,  excavation,  and  mining.  a  combination  of  realtime  cameras  and  video  analytics  allows
__label__productinspection the  equipment  to  run  with  greater  efficiency  and  improved  safety.  the  idea  is  also  to  also  apply  deep  learning  based  artificial  intelligence  to  track  people  and  predict  the  movement  of  equipment  to  help  avoid  dangerous  interactions  thereby  improving  safety.  with  as  much  as  ten  thousand  injuries  occurring  in  the  us  each  year  on  construction  sites  that  are  associated  with  vehicles  and  machinery,  solutions  like  this  will  be  welcomed  by  firms.  you  can  find  read  some  more  about  this  story  .  pharmaceutical  firms  are  naturally  under  stringent  rules  and  regulations  to  ensure  their  products  can  be  tracked  and  traced  from  the
__label__productinspection production  line  to  the  end  patient.  to  help  achieve  this,  cartons  can  be  printed  with  details  that  include  but  are  not  limited  to,  serial  numbers,  expiration  dates,  manufacturing  dates.  a  globally  unique  identifier,  sometimes  known  as  a  gtin  global  trade  item  number  is  often  used  to  allow  packages  to  be  tracked  worldwide.  manufacturing  systems  can  autogenerate  these  identifiers  in  a  master  database  which  are  then  used  later  in  the  production  process  and  sprayed  onto  containers  and  the  next  step  of  the  production  process  can  be  performed,  which  often  is  the  verification  of  the  information  that  was  just  sprayed  onto  the
__label__productinspection carton  on  the  packaging  .  but  how  is  this  done?  you  guessed  it,  machine  vision  one  solution  developed  by  german  firm  isw  employs  a  solution  like  this  that  involves,  amongst  other  things,  hightech  cameras  that  can  read  data  from  labels  as  well  as  perform  optical  character  recognition  ocr  to  read  the  printed  text.  when  the  printed  text  has  been  read,  the  system  can  check  against  the  master  database  and  validate  if  the  system  printing  labeling  matches  the  data  stored  in  the  master  database.  if  any  printed  codes  are  unreadable  or  dont  match  existing  codes  in  the  master  database,  then  packages
__label__productinspection or  cartons  can  be  rejected.  you  can  find  out  more  about  the  technology,  components,  and  solutionhere.  optical  character  recognition  is  nothing  new,  its  been  around  for  quite  a  while  now  in  the  computing  world.  that  said,  getting  the  machine  to  detect  and  extract  handwritten  text  from  notes,  letters  etc  which  contain  images  is  a  completely  different  thing  altogether.  ever  been  to  a  conference  and  took  photos  of  the  presenters  slides  with  your  smartphone?  or  have  you  every  mapped  out  a  manufacturing  process  on  a  whiteboard?  microsoft  has  released  technology  in  their  cognitive  services  stack  called  the  computer  vision  api,  with
__label__productinspection it,  you  can  supply  an  image  to  the  endpoint  and  the  api  will  detect  the  presence  of  readable  text  and  transform  it  into  a  stream  of  text  you  can  see  an  example  of  this  in  the  screenshot  below:  being  able  to  point  a  machine  at  an  image  which  contains  text,  rather  than  input  it  manually  can  be  a  massive  productivity  boost.  you  can  read  more  about  this  api  on  the  cognitive  services  site  .  landing.ai  is  a  firm  based  in  silicon  valley  that  was  founded  by  ai  guru  dr.  andrew  ng.  part  of  dr.  ngs  work  at  involves  developing  machine
__label__productinspection vision  tools  to  find  microscopic  level  defects  in  products  that  simply  cannot  be  identified  using  human  vision.  a  machine  learning  algorithm  can  be  trained  on  a  relatively  small  number  of  images  and  yields  fantastic  results.  the  technology  has  a  number  of  different  use  cases  but  is  predominantly  targeted  at  the  solving  challenges  in  the  manufacturing  industry  which  include,  but  are  not  limited  to:  not  just  content  with  solving  these  manufacturing  challenges,  the  startup  is  also  aware  that  aipowered  technology  has  the  potential  to  disrupt  the  manufacturing  industry,  and  with  this  in  mind,  the  startup  is  also  looking  into  ways  that
__label__productinspection displaced  workers  can  be  retrained.  in  this  blog  post,  weve  looked  at  10  examples  of  machine  vision  in  manufacturing,  weve  covered  everything  from  textiles  to  pharmaceuticals  and  touched  on  how  artificial  intelligence  and  deep  learning  are  also  making  an  impact  into  the  machine  vision  space  in  the  form  of  image  recognition.  we  hope  that  by  reading  this  youve  got  some  more  insights  as  to  how  machine  vision  can  be  applied  in  manufacturing.  are  you  using  machine  vision  in  your  business?  are  you  considering  it?  submit  your  request  now  to  see  our  developers  profiles  adventure  aide  10,000  members  receive  the  latest
__label__productinspection tech  announcements  and  tutorials  get  access  to  our  superb  free  guidelines:  on  your  first  monthly  bill  if  you  sign  up  this  mondaythrough  tuesday  until  this  website  uses  cookies  to  ensure  you  get  the  best  experience  on  our  website.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will
__label__productinspection be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as
__label__productinspection a  large  paper  packaging  manufacturer  was  challenged  by  high  scrap  rates  in  its  production  mills.  implementing  sight  machines  application  suite  enabled  the  manufacturer  to  analyze  thousands  of  sensor  readings  for  every  machine  that  touched  individual  paper  rolls  throughout  the  production  process.  the  manufacturer  used  this  analysis  to  rapidly  identify  hidden  relationships  between  production  parameters  and  quality  issues  to  reduce  scrap  rates  and  improve  quality  and  yield.  one  of  the  largest  global  paper  packaging  manufacturers  was  focused  on  building  a  scalable  platform  to  analyze  production  data  to  address  quality  challenges.  the  manufacturer  operates  paper  mills  that  take  in  bark  and  mix
__label__productinspection it  with  water  and  additives  to  create  various  grades  of  paper.  a  key  initiative  is  improving  profitability  by  addressing  the  1015  scrap  rate  of  this  continuously  running  process.  a  data  historian  at  each  facility  captures  information  from  hundreds  of  pid  controllers  used  throughout  the  production  process.  this  data  is  forwarded  to  a  cloudbased  data  lake  for  centralized  storage  of  production  data  from  multiple  facilities.  defect  count/type  data  was  captured  at  the  last  machine  in  the  production  process,  the  winder,  but  the  manufacturer  did  not  have  the  ability  to  determine  which  sensor  readings  from  all  the  equipment  involved  in  the  production
__label__productinspection process  related  to  a  specific  paper  roll.  this  made  it  difficult  to  determine  how  individual  or  cumulative  variancesfor  example,  in  pressure,  temperature  or  tensionfrom  one  or  more  machines  involved  in  the  production  process  impacted  the  overall  quality  of  a  specific  roll.  to  investigate  an  issue,  process  engineers  would  make  assumptions  about  which  machines  and  parameters  might  be  impacting  quality,  and  query  the  data  lake  for  a  specific  production  run.  they  would  then  manually  build  data  models  associating  sensor  readings  to  specific  production  runs  and  apply  algorithms  to  look  for  correlations  and  trends.  not  only  did  this  process  need  to  be
__label__productinspection repeated  for  each  inquiry,  but  the  effectiveness  of  the  data  modeling  was  highly  dependent  on  the  skills  and  experience  of  each  engineer.  the  manufacturer  was  looking  for  a  scalable  iot  data  analytics  platform  that  continuously  analyzed  all  data  in  real  time  rather  than  manuallyselected,  historical  samples,  allowing  them  to  investigate  and  react  faster.  these  needs  aligned  with  sight  machines  approach  of  creating  an  accessible  data  platform  built  for  analyzing  readings  and  parameters  from  thousands  of  sensors  and  hundreds  of  machines.  sight  machines  ai  data  pipeline  created  part  and  quality  models  that  allow  process  engineers  to  perform  deep  analysis  of  how
__label__productinspection the  entire  production  process  is  impacting  a  batch  of  paper:  leveraging  the  ai  data  pipeline  models,  sight  machines  analytics  application  allows  process  engineers  to  quickly  diagnose  quality  issues.  the  analytics  correlation  heatmap  tool  quickly  determines  which  variables  and  machines  might  be  impacting  quality.  unlike  the  manual  models  and  process  created  by  data  scientists,  the  correlation  heatmap  removes  the  guesswork  by  automatically  analyzing  tens  of  thousands  of  data  points  that  relate  to  the  production  of  a  specific  product.  sight  machines  analytics  data  correlation  heatmap  tool  enables  process  engineers  to  rapidly  identify  hidden  relationships  between  production  parameters  and  quality  issues  once  engineers
__label__productinspection have  identified  the  most  likely  contributors  to  scrap,  sight  machines  advanced  analytics  toolkit  enables  the  team  to  perform  deeper  analysis  on  the  associated  assets.  in  this  case,  the  team  analyzed  dryer  pressure  and  temperature  readings  for  specific  production  cycles  that  generated  a  large  amount  of  scrap  to  pinpoint  the  cause.  unlike  manual  data  models  which  cover  a  set  period  of  time,  the  team  can  verify  their  analysis  by  reviewing  data  from  the  same  sensor  during  all  scrapped  runs  using  historical  data.  all  of  this  comes  together  to  enable  transformational  levels  of  analysis  providing  the  manufacturer  with  the  ability  to  perform:
__label__productinspection sight  machines  quality  application  process  enables  engineers  to  compare  detailed  sensor  data  activity  to  pinpoint  issues  sight  machines  enterprise  manufacturing  analytics  application  suite  pulls  from  the  manufacturers  data  lake  to  deliver  insights  from  data  captured  by  multiple  historians  deployed  at  multiple  facilities.  sight  machine  helps  a  major  industrial  manufacturer  reduce  scrap  costs  by  30  within  3  weeks.  sight  machine  drives  quality  for  a  major  global  manufacturer  by  providing  pushbutton  multivariate  root  cause  analysis  on  more  than  60  data  fields.  ajay  nayak  is  the  director,  product  engineering  for  sight  machine.  previously,  he  was  vp  of  engineering  for  bakround,  a  startup  focused
__label__productinspection on  improving  the  recruiting  process  for  hiring  managers  and  candidates  using  machine  learning.  prior  to  that,  he  led  an  engineering  team  for  insightly,  an  smbfocused  crm.  he  also  has  consulting  experience  at  booz  allen  hamilton  and  slalom,  which  has  enabled  him  to  gain  expertise  in  process  improvement  for  a  variety  of  industries.  ajay  has  a  bs  in  electrical  computer  engineering  from  rutgers  university,  and  an  meng  in  systems  engineering  from  stevens.  hes  passionate  about  using  technology  to  measurably  improve  societal  outcomes  and  is  actively  involved  in  youthoriented  volunteering  for  his  local  community.  john  is  an  experienced  executive  who  has  worked
__label__productinspection with  global  brands  to  drive  collaboration,  new  business,  and  results  across  organizations  at  all  levels,  including  companies  like  microsoft,  google,  aws,  deloitte,  samsung,  american  express  and  others.  he  holds  a  ba  from  tufts  university  and  an  mba  from  wharton.  as  a  member  of  sight  machines  executive  team,  john  leads  corporate  development,  which  includes  alliances,  ma  and  other  activities  that  keep  us  growing  and  sailing  smoothly.  he  is  invested  in  creating  a  positive  team  and  work  culture  where  people  inspire  and  are  inspired  to  achieve  their  best.  how  we  play  the  game  really  does  matter  and  it  can  and  should  be
__label__productinspection challenging  and  fun  while  we  do  it.  keith  is  a  senior  sales  leader  with  a  proven  track  record  of  global  sales  execution  and  strategy  in  the  business  application  space  including  erp,  field  service  management,  crm  sales  and  service,  supply  chain,  and  human  capital  management.  a  resultsdriven  leader  who  has  built  and  managed  highperforming  teams  by  leading  from  the  front.  a  review  of  sight  machines  visibility  and  analytics  tools.  daya  vivek  is  director,  platform  engineering  at  sight  machine.  she  has  a  a  20  year  track  record  in  delivering  enterprise  software  productsand  engaging  customers  to  meet  diverse  market  and  user  needs.  previously,
__label__productinspection daya  had  17  year  career  at  ibm  spanning  multiple  roles:  an  engineering  manager  for  the  watson  discovery  service  hosted  on  the  ibm  cloud,  a  solution  architect  for  the  customer  enablement  team  for  ibms  big  data  solution  infosphere  biginsights,  and  a  software  developer  in  purequery  a  data  access  platform  for  database  clients  and  ibms  database  engine  db2.  daya  has  a  masters  in  computer  science  from  arizona  state  university  and  an  mba  from  santa  clara  university.  harry  wornick  is  the  director  of  product  for  sight  machine.  for  the  past  several  years,  mr.  wornick  has  led  sight  machines  product  efforts,  from  infrastructure  and
__label__productinspection data  pipeline,  to  visualization  and  analytics.  previously,  mr.  wornick  was  the  senior  product  manager  at  support.com,  leading  the  development  of  cloudbased  customer  support  software.  mr.  wornick  earned  his  b.s.  in  engineering  from  harvey  mudd  college,  where  he  spent  several  years  working  with  national  laboratories  on  renewable  energy  research.  jon  has  served  on  the  management  teams  of  several  companies  in  pioneering  industries,  including  tesla  motors,  sourceforge,  and  in  its  early  years,  yahoo  jon  holds  an  ba  from  princeton,  a  jd  from  the  university  of  michigan,  and  an  mba  from  wharton.  the  internet  of  things  generates  a  lot  of  data  that  needs
__label__productinspection to  be  processed,  and  innovative  startups  recognize  that  artificial  intelligence  can  lighten  the  load.jeff  vance  of  network  world  selected  sight  machine  as  a  10  hot  aipowered  iot  startup.  read  on  to  learn  more  about  whatsight  machine  does  to  address  this.  manufacturers  struggle  to  make  optimum  decisions  quickly.  when  dealing  with  problems  that  emerge  on  the  plant  floor,  any  indecision  or  delay  in  decision  making  could  be  costly.  in  manufacturing,  data  variety  due  to  thousands  of  sources  is  far  greater  than  in  other  iot  use  cases,  and  according  to  research  from  morgan  stanley,  the  sheer  quantity  of  data  is  also  larger
__label__productinspection than  anywhere  else.  traditional  analytics  tools  cant  cope  with  either  the  variety  or  volume.  sight  machine  software  uses  canonical  data  models  and  ai  to  ingest,  integrate,  and  map  massive  amounts  of  heterogeneous  data  into  operational  models.  the  canonical  data  models  represent  any  machine,  line,  facility,  supplier,  part  or  batch  that  the  manufacturer  specifies.  once  modeled,  data  is  then  systematically  and  continuously  analyzed.  by  standardizing  the  manufacturing  models  and  following  a  datafirst  approach  to  decision  making,  sight  machine  enables  manufacturers  to  automate  data  ingestion  in  a  rapid,  highly  repeatable  manner.  the  standardized  model  allows  manufacturers  to  create  downstream  applications  that  immediately
__label__productinspection leverage  the  modeled  data.  analytical  techniques  include  advanced  inferential  statistics,  machine  learning  and  ai,  all  of  which  are  applied  to  generate  manufacturingspecific  insights.  within  its  platform,  sight  machine  analyzes  and  visualizes  data,  so  results  can  be  viewed  via  a  browser  on  any  connected  device.  sight  machine  has  the  deepest  pockets  in  this  roundup,  backed  by  50  million  in  vc  funding.  ceo  and  cofounder  jon  sobel  was  previously  with  tesla  and  yahoo,  while  cofounder  and  cto  nathan  oostendorp  and  cofounder  and  chief  data  scientist  kurt  demaagd  previously  cofounded  slashdot.org.  finally,  the  customers  sight  machine  has  accumulated  are  impressive,  including  ge,  fiat
__label__productinspection 1.  signaling  the  administrators  to  control  the  activities  of  the  vehicle:  2.  diagnosing  the  condition  of  the  vehicle:  3.  avoiding  collision:  4.  monitoring  the  location  of  vehicles:  5.  notifying  the  overseers  whenever  the  system  is  faulty:  conclusion  professional  digital  marketer  and  blogger.  contributing  writer  to  authoritative  publications  online.
__label__productinspection the  advent  of  smartphones,  and  the  rise  of  mobile  internet  and  mobile  apps  disrupted  and  transformed  the  way  we  live  and  do  business.  thanks  to  the  millions  of  mobile  apps  you  can  buy  or  download  from  app  stores,  you  practically  have  your  mailbox,  office,  photo  album,  tv,  game  console,  shopping  cart  and  much  more  at  your  disposal  any  time  you  like.  now,  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  the  phenomenon  that  is  already  triggering  the  next  digital  revolution,  your  car  will  become  integrated  with  your  increasinglyconnected  life  and  will  be  added  to  the  collection  of  things  that  fit  in  that
__label__productinspection little  gadget  you  carry  in  your  pocket  all  the  time.  already,  the  combination  of  iot  gadgets  and  mobile  apps  in  vehicles  is  ,  providing  functionality  and  opportunities  that  were  inconceivable  a  few  years  ago,  which  make  them  more  efficient,  safer  to  drive,  more  resistant  to  crime  and  theft,  and  less  costly  to  maintain.  the  current  possibilities  are  virtually  endless,  and  the  future  is  even  more  exciting.  heres  a  glimpse  of  how  iot  connectivity,  smart  sensors  and  gadgets,  edge  computing,  mobile  apps  and  cloud  services  will  revolutionize  how  you  interact  with  and  use  your  car.  with  every  part  of  your  vehicle
__label__productinspection being  connected  to  the  internet,  youll  have  better  remote  access  and  control  over  your  vehicles  functionality  with  your  phone.  ignition,  windows,  lights,  trunk,  everything  can  be  manipulated  through  your  smartphone  while  youre  busy  elsewhere.  so  you  can  start  the  engine  with  a  tap  on  the  phone  and  let  it  warm  up  in  winter  while  youre  having  breakfast  and  going  over  news  headlines.  bmw  puts  this  functionality  to  display  with  its  ,  which  enables  car  owners  to  remotely  unlock  or  lock  their  cars,  sound  the  horn,  flash  the  lights,  and  turn  on  the  auxiliary  heating/ventilation  system.  is  an  example  of  how
__label__productinspection you  can  integrate  iot  with  legacy  technology.  the  kit,  comprised  of  iot  gadgets,  a  mobile  app,  and  a  mobile  app  will  give  you  enhanced  control  on  your  vehicle.  after  installing  the  iot  devices  in  your  car,  you  can  use  the  smartstart  app  to  start,  lock,  unlock  and  locate  your  car  with  a  swipe  and  tap  on  your  phone.  but  mobile  access  surpasses  convenience  and  also  enters  the  realm  of  security.  todays  mobile  devices  protect  your  data  with  stateoftheart  security  and  encryption  features  that  are  hard  to  hack  .  iot  will  help  you  leverage  this  enhanced  level  of  security  in  your
__label__productinspection car  and  improve  theft  prevention.  nfc  door  locks  can  relieve  you  of  the  nightmares  linked  to  your  car  keys  being  lost  or  stolen.  after  registering  the  lock  with  your  phone  through  its  associated  mobile  app,  you  can  unlock  your  car  by  tapping  your  phone  against  the  handle.  you  can  rest  assured  that  only  a  person  possessing  your  phone  and  being  able  to  unlock  it  can  unlock  the  door  to  your  car.  and  in  case  you  want  to  lend  your  car  to  a  friend  or  family  member,  all  you  have  to  do  is  to  grant  access  to  their  phone  through  your
__label__productinspection mobile  app.  ,  creating  a  mobile  app  that  turns  the  smartphone  to  a  car  key  and  enables  car  owners  to  securely  and  easily  grant  vehicle  access  to  others.  and  in  case  you  lose  your  phone,  having  the  lock  registered  with  another  phone  will  be  a  matter  of  logging  into  a  cloud  app  and  introducing  your  new  phone.  smart  car  alarms  will  quickly  send  an  alert  to  your  smartphone  in  case  your  car  is  being  broken  into,  and  in  case  your  car  does  get  stolen,  your  mobile  app  will  help  you  find  and  track  it  through  its  gps  device.  this  can
__label__productinspection help  report  the  theft  and  have  it  recovered  much  faster.  onboard  diagnostic  obd.  telematics  devices  are  smart  cloudconnected  iot  boxes  installed  on  vehicles  which  provide  insights  and  realtime  information  about  vehicle  health  and  driver  habits.  these  devices  function  by  communicating  with  a  set  of  smart  sensors  installed  on  different  vehicle  parts  including  doors,  windows,  engine  and  tires,  and  constantly  monitor  and  report  the  status  of  the  vehicle.  a  mobile  app  interacting  with  the  telematics  system  can  act  as  a  digital  assistant  which  alerts  drivers  in  realtime  about  measurable  events  such  as  speeding,  sharp  cornering,  seatbelt  usage  and  overacceleration.  the  app
__label__productinspection can  also  communicate  with  the  cloud  service  where  historical  driving  data  is  stored  in  order  to  enlighten  drivers  about  bad  habits  they  should  correct,  and  their  driving  improvements  over  time.  is  an  interesting  app  that  monitors  your  driving  habits  in  realtime,  including  acceleration,  deceleration,  changing  gears  and  speed  variation,  and  gives  you  a  score  or  eco:index  which  helps  you  assess  your  safe  driving  skills.  more  advanced  use  of  iot  and  telematics  would  be  to  keep  tabs  on  and  alert  about  maintenance  issues  that  can  compromise  passenger  safety,  such  as  low  tire  pressure,  malfunctioning  engine,  parts  that  need  replacements  and  overdue
__label__productinspection services.  drivers  would  be  able  to  get  a  complete  report  of  their  vehicles  with  a  tap  and  swipe  on  their  phone  and  without  the  need  to  look  under  the  hood.  is  an  example  of  the  efficient  use  of  telematics  and  mobile  technology.  the  app  lets  you  remotely  monitor  and  control  your  cars  maintenance,  provides  you  with  monthly  health  reports  and  alerts  you  about  critical  maintenance  issues  that  need  immediate  attention.  the  best  part  about  telematics  and  onboard  diagnostics  is  that  theyre  standardized  across  the  industry  and  do  not  require  vendorspecific  integration,  which  means  your  mobile  app  and  historical  driving  data
__label__productinspection can  be  migrated  and  ported  when  you  switch  vehicles.  while  the  intersection  of  iot  and  vehicles  provides  many  opportunities,  perhaps  safety  is  the  most  prevalent.  if  theres  one  thing  that  iot  should  be  praised  for,  its  the  fact  that  its  promoting  safe  driving  and  assisting  drivers  in  avoiding  road  incidents.  with  more  and  more  cities  investing  in  smart  infrastructures,  iotpowered  vehicles  are  much  better  prepared  to  help  drivers  in  commuting  safely.  interacting  with  iot  sensors  installed  on  roads,  connected  vehicles  can  detect  when  drivers  are  veering  off  the  road  as  the  result  of  distraction  or  fatigue,  and  alert  them  to
__label__productinspection steer  back  on  the  road.  in  the  case  of  semi  and  fullyautonomous  vehicles,  the  car  itself  can  take  matters  into  its  hands  and  correct  the  vehicles  direction  if  the  driver  doesnt  react.  smart  sensors  and  smart  cement  can  also  gather  information  about  road  surface  and  bridge  conditions.  connecting  to  cloud  servers,  mobile  apps  get  realtime  insights  about  road  conditions  and  assist  drivers  in  choosing  safer  roads  and  avoiding  hazardous  areas  before  heading  out.  in  case  a  driver  treks  into  a  particularly  dangerous  zone,  e.g.  an  icecovered  road,  connected  vehicles  will  directly  communicate  with  local  gateways  and  sensors,  retrieve  data  about
__label__productinspection road  conditions,  and  warn  drivers  about  the  dangers  and  instruct  them  to  slow  down.  in  2007,  in  minneapolis  resulted  in  13  casualties  and  hundreds  of  millions  of  dollars  worth  of  damage.  todays  iot  technology  couldve  detected  the  bridges  failing  structure  and  warned  both  maintenance  authorities  and  drivers  about  the  dangers,  saving  lives  and  preventing  damage.  few  things  are  as  frustrating  as  getting  stuck  in  a  traffic  jam  when  youre  late  for  work  or  want  to  attend  an  important  event.  being  able  to  avoid  congestion  and  plan  in  advance  can  save  you  time  and  also  reduce  fuel  consumption.  fortunately,  iot  can
__label__productinspection help  in  this  sector  as  well.  iot  sensors  in  roadways  track  and  report  commuting  in  realtime,  which  can  help  drivers  better  plan  their  trip  and  avoid  crowded  areas  while  also  assisting  city  authorities  in  distributing  congestion  and  pushing  traffic  toward  the  less  frequented  areas.  mobile  apps  gleaning  information  from  traffic  sensors  can  estimate  time  of  arrival  based  on  the  level  of  traffic  and  also  provide  alternative  routes  to  drivers  which  will  cut  down  the  time  and  stress  of  the  trip.  the  added  benefit  of  controlling  traffic  through  iot  technology  will  help  reduce  car  accidents  considerably,  and  will  collectively  reduce  pollution
__label__productinspection and  help  us  have  greener  cities.  on  how  its  using  apps  and  its  iot  platform  to  collect  traffic  data,  generate  insights  and  control  congestion.  all  the  benefits  of  connected,  iotequipped  and  mobile  controlled  vehicles  isnt  without  its  drawbacks.  the  vehicle  industry  is  already  dealing  with  several  worries  where  vehicle  iot  is  concerned,  chief  among  them  being  security  and  privacy  issues.  there  have  already  been  several  cases  where  through  mobile  apps,  infotainment  systems  and  other  insecure  connected  gadgets  that  are  installed  on  the  car.  while  none  of  these  dismisses  the  importance  and  impact  that  iot  will  have  over  the  future  of
__label__productinspection cars,  it  does  highlight  the  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  the  security  of  iot,  especially  in  the  vehicle  industry.  this  can  be  achieved  by  making  sure  the  developed  software  is  built  by  experts  that  have  the  knowhow  to  deliver  both  functionality  and  security.  secure  coding  should  be  one  of  the  main  tenets  of  any  software  that  will  be  installed  in  our  cars  and  their  related  peripherals,  lest  we  want  to  see  them  be  exploited  by  malicious  actors  and  used  against  us.  mokriya  develops  software  solutions  for  iot  problems.  mokriyas  expertise  in  both  at  the  consumer  and  the  commercial  level
__label__productinspection can  help  you  get  the  most  functionality  out  of  your  connected  vehicles  while  avoiding  the  pitfalls  that  are  associated  with  them.  our  unique  experience  in  working  with  various  hardware  and  software  vendors  enable  us  to  smoothly  integrate  and  interconnect  different  technologies  that  you  employ  across  your  line  of  business.  for  the  moment,  you  have  your  car  in  your  pocket.  but  this  is  just  a  taste  of  how  iot  is  transforming  the  automotive  industry.  cars  that  can  be  parked  with  a  single  tap  of  an  app  button,  circular  economies  where  automobiles  are  shared  and  rented  as  a  service  through  mobile  apps,
__label__productinspection every  manufacturing  site  has  its  risks.  from  mobile  machinery  to  cargo  theft,  explore  how  travelers  can  help  in  this  interactive  risk  landscape.  send  us  your  receipts,  photos,  invoices  and  more  with  just  a  push  of  a  button.  are  you  doing  enough  to  help  your  nonprofit  run  and  grow  safely?  this  5minute  test  can  help  identify  what  may  be  your  biggest  nonprofit  risk  connected  technology  has  been  transforming  the  transportation  industry  at  a  brisk  speed.  microsensors  on  board  trains  capture  trip  data  to  drive  operational  efficiency,  selfdriving  cars  have  shifted  from  science  fiction  to  city  streets,  and  navigation  systems  featuring  realtime
__label__productinspection traffic  data  inform  our  routes.  internet  of  things  iot  transportation  applications  can  lead  to  improved  convenience,  safety  and  quality  of  life,  if  the  devices  and  communication  mechanisms  function  properly.  in  the  event  that  the  technology  fails  or  even  goes  temporarily  offline,  it  could  lead  to  property  damage  and  to  serious  injuries  for  passengers  and  bystanders.iot  manufacturers  and  software  companies  could  be  held  liable.  every  firm  throughout  the  iot  ecosystem  should  be  aware  of  the  ways  they  could  find  themselves  liable  and  take  actions  to  minimize  those  risks.  here  are  four  key  risk  categories  that  technologycentric  companies  should  understand  as  they
__label__productinspection develop  iot  applications  for  the  transportation  industry.  property  damage.  bodily  injury.  cyber  risk.  to  learn  about  ways  the  transportation  industry  can  take  advantage  of  iot  technology  and  protect  against  risks,  download  the  white  paper.  as  technology  companies  develop,  manufacture  and  commercialize  new  devices  for  the  transportation  industry,  they  can  also  expose  themselves  to  significant  new  risks.  there  are  several  steps  that  manufacturers  producing  iot  devices  with  transportation  applications  can  take  to  consider  and  minimize  their  exposure  to  these  risks.  it  can  also  be  helpful  to  discuss  relevant  insurance  coverage  with  an  agent  or  broker.  property,  auto  liability,  auto  physical  damage,
__label__productinspection general  liability,  technology  errors  and  omissions  eo  liability,  and  cyberrelated  firstparty  coverages  can  help  protect  against  potential  liability.  explore  areas  of  iot  application,  key  risk  categories  and  actions  to  consider  for  minimizing  risk.  get  smart  on  technology  eo  coverage  with  these  five  items  for  tech  companies  to  look  for  in  eo  coverage.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  transformed  all  modes  of  transportation.  for  tech  companies,  this  brings  both  new  opportunities  and  new  risks.  explore  areas  of  iot  application,  key  risk  categories  and  actions  to  consider  for  minimizing  risk.  discover  products  by  industry:  tailor  your  solution  an  independent  insurance  agent
__label__productinspection can  help  you  make  the  choices  that  are  right  for  you.  travelers  and  the  travelers  umbrella  are  registered  trademarks  of  the  travelers  indemnity  company  in  the  u.s.  and  other  countries.  2019  the  travelers  indemnity  company.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection just  one  poor  claims  experience  will  lead  more  than  30  percent  of  customers  to  switch  carriers  within  a  year  of  the  incident.  how  can  insurers  improve  satisfaction  during  the  claims  process,  make  customers  lives  easier  and  reduce  churn?  the  internet  of  things  iot  may  hold  the  answer.  according  to  the  technology  media  company  ,  the  internet  of  things  seems  custommade  to  meet  the  needs  of  the  insurance  market.  what  could  be  more  useful  to  an  insurance  company  than  accurate,  realtime  data?  heres  a  look  at  the  potential  advantages  that  connected  devices  interacting  and  exchanging  data  can  provide  to  the  automotive
__label__productinspection claims  industry.  by  allowing  claimants  and  insureds  to  take  the  initial  photos  or  videos  of  an  accident  and  send  them  directly  to  a  carrier,  the  consumer  is  now  directly  connected  to  the  claims  process.  when  submitted  through  a  mobile  app  as  part  of  the  first  notice  of  loss,  those  images  could  ,  without  the  need  for  a  company  to  have  to  wade  through  paperwork.  save  even  more  time  and  labor  if  total  loss  can  be  determined  without  towing  a  vehicle  to  a  repair  shop.  with  access  to  more  accurate  personal  information,  iot  technology  is  a  way  for  insurers  to  offer
__label__productinspection personalized  products  and  services  and  differentiate  themselves  from  the  competition.  this  might  take  the  shape  of  digital  tools  that  make  it  easier  for  consumers  to  access  and  modify  their  policies.  or,  imagine  a  scenario  where  a  customer  has  had  an  unsatisfactory  claims  experience.  instead  of  waiting  to  see  if  that  customer  renews  at  the  end  of  the  policies  term,  the  carrier  reaches  out  proactively,  acknowledges  the  negative  prior  experience  and  offers  an  incentive  for  renewing  early.  data  from  connected  devices  can  be  used  to  assess  risk  more  accurately.  today,  insurance  companies  make  driver  observations  using  onboard  diagnostics  obd  telematics  and
__label__productinspection machine  learning.  with  this  data,  insurance  companies  are  helping  consumers  access  more  customizable  rates  based  on  a  wide  range  of  modern  variables,  rather  than  just  on  traditional  factors  like  where  you  live  and  what  kind  of  car  you  have.  there  is  no  question  that  distracted  driving  has  increased  significantly  with  the  advent  of  smartphones.  an  estimated  60  percent  of  all  drivers  use  their  phones  at  least  once  while  driving.  according  to  the  ,  any  nondriving  activity  you  engage  in  such  as  talking  or  texting  on  your  phone  increases  your  risk  of  crashing.  however,  the  monitoring  of  driving  behavior  through  sensor
__label__productinspection feedback  to  mobile  devices  can  actually  decrease  risk.  reports,  auto  insurers  can  analyze  a  drivers  feedback  in  real  time,  sending  data  to  a  smartphone  that  can  reinforce  positive  driving  behaviors  e.g.,  speed  limit  compliance  or  alert  drivers  in  real  time  when  risky  or  dangerous  driving  patterns  are  detected.  claims  are  also  reduced  as  a  direct  result  of  encouraging  drivers  to  stay  off  roads  during  highrisk  periods.  by  automating  their  existing  business,  carriers  can  reduce  the  cost  of  a  claims  journey  by  as  much  as  30  percent.  not  to  mention  that  autonomous  driving  technology  which  would  not  be  possible  without  iot,
__label__productinspection has  the  potential  to  reduce  the  number  of  accidents  and  claims.  its  been  estimated  that  pay  how  you  drive  policies  could  result  in  as  much  as  a  40  percent  reduction  in  premiums  for  young  drivers.  as  become  more  widely  deployed,  insurers  are  offering  usagebased  insurance  ubi  with  lower  premiums.  program  tracks  lowmileage  drivers  then  rewards  them  with  discounts  up  to  15  percent.  its  been  estimated  that  similar  pay  how  you  drive  policies  could  result  in  as  much  as  a  40  percent  reduction  in  premiums  for  young  drivers.  for  those  consumers  searching  for  better  pricing,  telematics  may  be  a  key  component
__label__productinspection achieving  higher  customer  satisfaction.  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  connected  cars  have  exploded  in  the  last  several  years.  its  estimated  that  in  2021,  over  80  percent  of  all  cars  manufactured  will  be  connected.  the  entire  automotive  industry,  from  oems  to  auto  insurers  have  witnessed  a  growing  opportunity  in  this  trend  especially  as  it  relates  to  the  data  generated  by  todays  modern  vehicles.  sign  up  to  get  the  latest  updates  and  news.  mitchell  simplifies  and  accelerates  claims  management  and  collision  repair  processes  through  the  broadest  range  of  technology  solutions,  networks,  and  partners  in  the  pc  industry.  sign  up  to  get
__label__productinspection the  latest  updates  and  news.  2019  mitchell  international,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  by  accessing  mitchell.com,  each  user  agrees  that  they  have  read  and  agreed  to  be  bound  by  the  terms  and  conditions  governing  mitchell.com  and  privacy  policies  governing  mitchell.com.
__label__productinspection this  threepart  series  on  connected  cars  has  been  coauthored  by  amit  kara,  vishwa  belur,  and  soumya  banerjee.  youre  enjoying  your  family  vacation,  driving  through  californiasmostscenicroutes,  when  suddenly,  your  rental  car  comes  to  a  complete  halt.  your  children  and,  most  importantly,  your  spouse  are  not  happy  campers.you  think  to  yourself,  with  all  the  advancements  in  automobiles,  couldnt  the  rental  company  have  predicted  this  breakdown  and  alerted  you  earlier?  if  youre  driving  a  connected  car,  the  company  might  be  able  to  notify  you  of  problems  with  your  vehicle  and  save  your  vacation.  what  is  a  connected  car?  a  connected  car  is  a
__label__productinspection car  that  has  internet  access  and  provides  the  ability  to  have  devices  both  inside  the  car  and  outside  connect  to  it.  connected  cars  started  as  a  way  for  car  owners  renters  to  call  for  emergency  roadside  assistance  a  familiar  feature  for  rental  fleet  managers.  what  do  connected  cars  mean  for  a  rental  car  company?as  the  auto  industry  implements  telematics  telecommunications  and  monitoring  systems,  including  gps  diagnostics,  and  so  on,  theres  the  potential  to  use  telematics  data  for  vehicletovehicle,  vehicletoinfrastructure,  and  vehicletoeverything  in  the  future.  for  example,  potential  consumers  of  telematics  data  include:  in  this  blog  series,  we  will  focus  on
__label__productinspection how  a  car  rental  companies  can  benefit  from  fully  automating  the  car  rental  experience  by  immediately  communicating  fuel  levels,  mileage,  damage  detection,  and  necessary  maintenance  using  informaticas  solution  that  provides  aidriven,  endtoend  management  for  iot  and  streaming  data.  at  the  core,  is  telematics  data.  telematics  data  establishes  twoway  communications  between  vehicles  and  operations  management,  essentially  turning  the  car  into  a  data  gateway.  data  collected  from  onboard  telematicdevices  can  be  categorized  as  behavioral  and  diagnostic.  to  implement  the  connected  car  use  case  orany  iot  data  management  use  case,  architects  typically  leverage  thesensereasonact  framework.  in  this  framework,  organizations  can  ingest  datafrom  iot
__label__productinspection sources  sense,  apply  business  logic  on  the  iot  data  reason,  andoperationalize  actions  on  the  iot  device  act.  to  elaborate,  any  must  have  two  components.  first,stream  processorscontinuously  collect  and  parse  data  from  event  sources  such  as  cloud,  iot  devices,  or  social  applications  as  the  event  occurs,  and  then  deliver  data  to  a  streaming  transport  system.  secondly,streaming  analytics  solutions  consume  data  from  streaming  transport  systems  over  a  limitedtime  window  that  allows  for  data  manipulation,  enrichment,  and  refinement  and  analysis.  ultimately,  data  is  delivered  for  a  variety  of  uses  such  as  alerting,  realtime  visualization,  orpersisting  event  data  for  historical  analysis.  now  that  weve
__label__productinspection described  the  use  case  for  using  telematics  data  to  improve  the  rentalcar  customer  experience,  well  look  at  how  a  rental  agency  could  implement  this.  in  the  next  blog,  well  provide  a  reference  architecture  and  explain  how  informaticas  streaming  solution  can  support  connected  cars  and  similar  use  cases.  learn  more  about  by  visiting  our  reference  article  page  and  watch  a  quick  introduction  to  ,  which  provides  realtime  stream  processing  of  unbounded  big  data.  findanswers  about  modernizing  analytics  in  the  cloud  at  our  nextgen  analyticsvirtual  summit,  now  on  demand  in  your  region:  emea  apj  2019  informatica  corporation.  all  rights  reserved
__label__productinspection ensuring  the  safety  of  your  vehicle  operators  and  staff  is  of  the  utmost  importance  for  fleet  managers.  every  year  many  avoidable  injuries  and  deaths  occur  because  of  unsafe  weather,  road,  and  operating  conditions.  in  this  article,  well  outline  the  top  five  ways  that  internet  of  things  iot  technology  can  help  increase  the  safety  of  your  operations.  by  using  a  properly  configured  iot  fleet  management  system,  equipment  and  vehicle  operators  are  less  likely  to  encounter  dangerous  road  conditions,  while  at  the  same  time  operate  more  efficiently  and  effectively.  1.  road  weather  data  harsh  weather  causing  unsafe  road  conditions  is  the  largest
__label__productinspection source  of  avoidable  vehicle  related  injuries  and  deaths  for  fleet  managers.  it  is  also  one  of  the  most  difficult  to  deal  with.  although  fleet  managers  analyze  weather  forecasts  to  determine  when  and  how  inclement  weather  will  affect  their  operations,  inaccurate  weather  forecasts  and  outofdate  road  weather  data  are  detrimental  to  operations.  iot  systems  address  this  issue  through  sensors  placed  on  vehicles  or  at  fixed  points  along  roadways.  these  sensors  can  collect  a  myriad  of  critical  weather  data  that  is  relayed  in  realtime  to  fleet  managers.  this  gives  fleet  managers  a  full  fleet  view  of  hyperlocal  road  weather  data  that  they
__label__productinspection can  use  to  determine  if  conditions  are  safe  for  their  drivers,  or  if  they  need  to  divert  their  vehicle  and  equipment  operators  to  avoid  dangerous  road  conditions.  2.  traffic  traffic  congestion  and  accidents  are  a  second  example  of  dangerous  road  conditions  that  can  be  avoided  through  an  iot  fleet  management  system.  iot  systems  can  determine,  through  your  sensor  network,  how  quickly  or  slowly  traffic  is  moving.  this  not  only  allows  fleet  managers  to  easily  divert  vehicles  or  equipment  around  traffic  congestion,  but  also  keeps  your  drivers  safer  by  keeping  them  on  clear  roadways  with  no  obstructions.  accurately  assessing  and  acting
__label__productinspection on  current  traffic  data  minimizes  accidents  for  your  vehicle  drivers.  3.  unsafe  driving  patterns  if  one  of  your  drivers  is  operating  their  vehicle  at  an  unsafe  speed  for  current  conditions,  your  iot  fleet  management  systems  give  you  the  data  you  need  to  quickly  assess  the  issue  and  get  in  contact  with  your  driver.  your  staff  may  not  have  even  realized  they  were  operating  their  vehicle  unsafely,  but  with  realtime  data  from  an  iot  system  you  can  address  the  issue  before  it  turns  into  an  accident.  4.  vehicle  health  and  maintenance  an  iot  fleet  management  system  can  also  collect  data  from
__label__productinspection your  vehicles  that  can  be  utilized  to  create  more  accurate  and  comprehensive  maintenance  schedules.  preventative  maintenance  that  is  missed  can  lead  to  dangerous  conditions  on  the  road  when  critical  vehicle  parts  malfunction  or  fail.  additionally,  iot  sensors  can  track  and  relay  information  on  vehicle  health,  such  as  tire  pressure.  once  tire  pressure  hits  a  dangerous  low  point,  a  notification  can  be  generated  that  gives  fleet  managers  the  ability  to  quickly  get  their  staff  off  the  road  where  they  can  fix  the  problem.  5.  proper  deployment  of  resources  for  transportation  safety  officials  and  road  crews,  using  the  data  generated  from  iot
__label__productinspection fleet  management  systems  can  aid  in  the  proper  deployment  of  resources  to  keep  roads  safe  for  all  drivers,  including  their  own  crews.  in  areas  with  heavy  snow,  properly  allocating  resources  to  roadways  early  on  in  a  storm  can  result  in  more  efficient  road  clearing  and  safer  road  conditions.  additionally,  iot  data  can  be  used  to  ensure  that  road  crews  have  the  sufficient  equipment  and  resources  necessary  to  safely  clear  dangerous  road  conditions  or  obstructions.  fallen  trees,  flooded  roads,  and  heavy  snows  can  all  be  difficult  to  clear,  and  dangerous  to  deal  with  when  other  drivers  are  on  the  road.  proper
__label__productinspection deployment  can  alleviate  some  of  this  danger  by  ensuring  road  crews  also  have  the  heavy  equipment  and  signal  operators  to  safely  operate.  the  data  provided  by  iot  fleet  management  systems  can  dramatically  improve  the  safety  of  both  fleet  operators  and  other  drivers  on  the  roads.  whether  it  is  through  having  uptodate  and  accurate  road  weather  data,  insightful  analysis  into  traffic  patterns,  or  ensuring  that  road  crews  have  the  resources  they  need  to  safely  complete  a  job,  iot  data  can  help  fleet  managers  increase  the  safety  of  their  operations.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code
__label__productinspection the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  computer  science,  comsats  university  islamabad,  park  road  tarlai  kalan,  islamabad  44550,  pakistan;  f.b.;  m.a.s.  department  of  computer  science,  comsats  university  islamabad,  park  road  tarlai  kalan,  islamabad  44550,  pakistan;  f.b.;  m.a.s.  wmg,  university  of  warwick,  coventry  cv4  7al,  uk;  department  of  computer  science,  dr.  a.  q.  khan  institute  of  computer  science  and  information  technology,  rawalpindi  47320,  pakistan  internet  of  thingsenabled  intelligent  transportation  systems  its  are  gaining  significant  attention  in  academic  literature  and  industry,  and  are  seen  as  a  solution  to  enhancing  road  safety  in  smart  cities.  due  to  the  ever  increasing
__label__productinspection number  of  vehicles,  a  significant  rise  in  the  number  of  road  accidents  has  been  observed.  vehicles  embedded  with  a  plethora  of  sensors  enable  us  to  not  only  monitor  the  current  situation  of  the  vehicle  and  its  surroundings  but  also  facilitates  the  detection  of  incidents.  significant  research,  for  example,  has  been  conducted  on  accident  rescue,  particularly  on  the  use  of  information  and  communication  technologies  ict  for  efficient  and  prompt  rescue  operations.  the  majority  of  such  works  provide  sophisticated  solutions  that  focus  on  reducing  response  times.  however,  such  solutions  can  be  expensive  and  are  not  available  in  all  types  of  vehicles.  given
__label__productinspection this,  we  present  a  novel  internet  of  thingsbased  accident  detection  and  reporting  system  for  a  smart  city  environment.  the  proposed  approach  aims  to  take  advantage  of  advanced  specifications  of  smartphones  to  design  and  develop  a  lowcost  solution  for  enhanced  transportation  systems  that  is  deployable  in  legacy  vehicles.  in  this  context,  a  customized  android  application  is  developed  to  gather  information  regarding  speed,  gravitational  force,  pressure,  sound,  and  location.  the  speed  is  a  factor  that  is  used  to  help  improve  the  identification  of  accidents.  it  arises  because  of  clear  differences  in  environmental  conditions  e.g.,  noise,  deceleration  rate  that  arise  in  low  speed
__label__productinspection collisions,  versus  higher  speed  collisions.  the  information  acquired  is  further  processed  to  detect  road  incidents.  furthermore,  a  navigation  system  is  also  developed  to  report  the  incident  to  the  nearest  hospital.  the  proposed  approach  is  validated  through  simulations  and  comparison  with  a  real  data  set  of  road  accidents  acquired  from  road  safety  open  repository,  and  shows  promising  results  in  terms  of  accuracy.  it  is  recognised  that  cities  are  becoming  increasingly  crowded  in  terms  of  visitors,  inhabitants  and  vehicles.  the  increase  in  the  number  of  vehicles  has  led  to  an  increase  in  traffic,  which  has  led  to  an  increase  in  the  number
__label__productinspection of  road  traffic  accidents.  a  recent  world  health  organisation  who  report  showed  that  every  year  1.35  million  people  die  and  50  million  people  get  injured  .  road  accidents  are  ranked  as  the  eighth  leading  cause  of  deaths  up  from  ninth  in  its  previous  report  in  2015,  with  the  association  for  safe  international  road  travel  asirt  predicting  that  it  may  rise  to  the  fifth  leading  cause  of  deaths  in  the  near  future,  unless  drastic  changes  occur  .  as  well  as  the  social  harm  caused  by  road  traffic  accidents,  there  is  a  significant  cost.  asirt  estimates  that  between  one  and  two  percent
__label__productinspection of  the  annual  budget  of  every  country  is  spent  on  road  accidents  .  recently,  there  has  been  a  global  increase  in  the  annual  number  road  traffic  deaths,  even  in  developed  countries  with  good  road  safety  measures  .  however,  it  remains  the  case  that  the  greatest  burden  of  road  traffic  fatalities  and  injuries  lies  in  low  and  middleincome  countries  .  for  example,  in  pakistan,  an  average  of  15  people  lose  their  life  each  day  to  to  such  accidents.  information  from  the  pakistan  bureau  of  statistics  shows  that  9582  accidents  have  resulted  in  4036  deaths,  demonstrating  that  there  is,  on  average,  more
__label__productinspection than  one  death  in  every  two  road  accidents  .  with  such  a  rate  of  fatality,  it  is  particularly  important  that  road  safety  is  improved  in  developed  and,  more  importantly,  developing  countries.  the  emergence  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  gives  promise  for  the  development  of  intelligent  traffic  management  systems.  global  navigation  satellite  systems,  such  as  the  global  positioning  system  gps,  are  being  increasingly  used  in  many  applications,  especially  for  vehicle  positioning  and  navigation.  indeed,  many  vehicles  that  are  shipped  today  have  gps  devices  that  sense  the  position  of  the  vehicle  and  send  this  information  to  cloud  servers  .  other  sensors,
__label__productinspection for  use  in  accident  detection  or  smart  transport  management,  are  also  present  in  modern  vehicles  and  continually  acquire  and  store  data  .  high  sampling  rates,  driven  by  a  desire  for  increased  accuracy  and  algorithm  efficacy,  lead  to  significant  challenges  in  the  storage  and  analysis  of  this  data.  there  are  many  different  definitions  of  iot  .  for  example,  in  its  special  report  on  the  iot  ,  the  institute  of  electrical  and  electronics  engineers  ieee  describes  the  iot  as  a  network  of  itemseach  embedded  with  sensorswhich  are  connected  to  the  internet.  all  definitions  realise  the  iot  as  a  cyberphysical  system  that  connects
__label__productinspection physical  objects  to  cyberspace,  such  as  in  .  the  extent  and  application  of  the  iot  is  significant  and  includes  a  variety  of  objects  such  as  vehicles,  buildings,  mobiles,  and  different  electronics  appliances  and  infrastructural  devices  or  even  clothes.  commonly,  in  an  iot  system,  a  network  connects  deviceseach  with  a  unique  identifier.  these  physical  objects  may  have  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  tags  or  other  forms  of  identification,  such  as  bar  codes  ,  and  their  presence  is  detected  by  a  variety  of  sensors.  these  sensors  take  the  objectspecific  information  as  an  input  and  send  it  over  the  network  to  a  system  for  processing
__label__productinspection and  analysis.  this  processed  data  is  then  sent  to  decisionmaking  units  to  determine  automated  actions  to  be  invoked  .  however,  it  should  be  recognised  that  sensors  have  limited  computational  power  and  storage  capacity  and  this  can  create  challenges,  especially  regarding  security  and  trustworthiness.  cloud  computing  has  been  used  to  help  overcome  some  of  these  issues  .  presents  an  illustration  of  a  generic  iot  ecosystem  and  describes  the  basic  iot  architecture.  a  generic  iot  ecosystem  comprising  a  variety  of  everyday  objects.  basic  iot  architecture.  the  number  and  variety  of  advanced  applications  that  utilize  advanced  technologies  such  as  mobile  computing,  wireless  communication,
__label__productinspection and  sensing  are  vast  and  increasing.  examples  include  intelligent  transport,  cities,  and  disaster  management  systems,  and  many  more  that  have  become  a  hot  research  topic  due  to  improved  wireless  communication  technology.  ref.  decreased  costs  of  storage  and  processing  power,  and  availability  and  affordability  of  devices.  smart  cities  are  being  designed  to  provide  better,  more  intelligent,  reactive  and  costeffective  services  to  the  population.  smart  cities  can  provide  mobility  solutions  through  emerging  intelligent  transport  systems  .  many  countries  are  implementing  realtime  intelligent  traffic  systems  to  increase  safety  and  reduce  pollution.  the  economic  and  social  benefits  are  clear;  a  recent  world  bank  study
__label__productinspection finds  that  welfare  benefits  equivalent  to  6  percent  to  32  percent  of  the  national  gdp  can  be  realized  from  reducing  50  percent  of  road  deaths  and  injuries  over  a  period  of  24  years  .  in  the  field  of  intelligent  transport  systems,  the  main  focus  is  on  information  obtained  in  real  time  and  decisionmaking  on  the  basis  of  this  information  .  one  of  the  effective  ways  to  reduce  traffic  fatalities  is  to  reduce  the  response  times  to  collisions.  there  are  many  systems,  such  as  enotify,  that  can  help  in  detecting  and  reporting  traffic  accidents  ,  .  the  enotify  system  requires  an
__label__productinspection onboard  unit  obu  in  each  vehicle.  whilst  this  may  be  an  effective  solution,  it  is  expensive  and  not  all  vehicles  are  equipped  with  onboard  units.  the  european  commission  developed  the  ecall  system  and  has  decreed  its  mandatory  deployment  in  every  vehicle  developed  after  2015.  the  ecall  system  detects  an  accident  and  informs  the  emergency  number  112  999  in  the  uk  and  some  other  countries  .  the  current  solution  that  provides  help  in  case  of  a  vehicle  accident  is  concerned  with  mostly  one  sensor.  amin  et  al.  propose  a  system  that  detects  accidents  automatically  using  gps  and  notifies  all  the  nearest
__label__productinspection hospitals  and  police.  this  is  a  hardwarebased  system  and  uses  only  one  sensor  to  detect  an  accident;  if  this  sensor  fails,  the  whole  system  fails.  other  systems  use  gravitational  force  to  detect  accidents  and  inform  rescue  teams.  these  systems,  such  as  ,  have  the  same  problem  that  they  use  only  one  sensor.  reliance  on  a  single  sensor  also  carries  the  risk  of  false  positivesthe  reporting  of  an  accident  in  the  case  that  one  did  not  occur.  other  systems,  such  as  ,  use  accelerometer  information  as  a  trigger  to  notify  emergency  response  about  an  accident.  commercial  organisations  and  the  research  community
__label__productinspection are  both  working  to  accurately  detect  accidents  and  provide  timely  assistance  after  an  accident.  the  majority  of  systems  being  developed  are  hardwarebased  and  this  makes  them  expensive  and  not  available  in  every  car.  there  are  a  variety  of  situations  in  which  the  sensors  in  a  vehicle  may  be  damaged,  including  in  minor  collisions  or  stationary  interactions.  in  such  cases,  the  sensors  are  unable  to  detect  an  accident  in  this  scenario.  the  reliability  and  availability  of  smartphone  sensors  make  them  an  ideal  candidate.  smartphone  sensors  can  be  used  to  detect  accidents  and  are  less  likely  to  be  damaged,  resulting  in  false
__label__productinspection reporting  of  an  accident.  there  are  some  existing  systems  that  utilise  smartphones  to  detect  accidents.  however,  these  systems  have  been  found  to  have  significant  false  positive  rates.  to  overcome  these  issues,  this  paper  proposes  a  novel  iotbased  system  that  focuses  on  the  accuracy  of  accident  detection  through  lowcost  devices.  our  proposed  system  consists  of  two  phases:  accident  detection  and  the  notification  system.  this  systems  relies  on  the  ubiquity  of  sensorrich  mobile  phones  for  the  detection  of  accidents.  our  proposed  system  uses  multiple  smartphone  sensors  including  accelerometer,  gps,  pressure  and  microphone  acquisition  to  detect  accidents.  we  develop  a  smartphone  application  that
__label__productinspection continuously  reads  data  from  the  sensors  and  transmits  this  information  to  the  cloud  for  further  computation.  an  accident  is  detected  through  threshold  analysis.  the  main  contribution  of  this  paper  is  the  development  of  a  system  that,  upon  detecting  an  accident,  informs  the  nearest  hospitals  and  ambulances.  by  using  four  sensory  inputs,  the  system  results  in  fewer  false  positives  and  more  accurately  detects  accidents,  outperforming  previous  methods.  the  rest  of  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  presents  the  background  on  technologies  such  as  iot  and  vehicular  ad  hoc  networks  vanets  while  presents  the  state  of  the  art.  proposes  a  model  architecture  for
__label__productinspection accident  detection  and  reporting.  in  ,  the  paper  presents  the  proposed  methodology  where  we  elaborate  on  the  working  of  the  system.  it  is  followed  by  that  explains  the  implementation  of  system.  finally,  in  ,  we  present  the  experimental  results  of  our  proposed  work,  which  is  followed  by  conclusions  and  future  work  in  .  the  iot  is  an  essential  part  of  modern  society.  increasingly,  people  want  to  stay  connected  with  various  things,  and  they  have  an  increasing  desire  for  automation.  there  are  three  fundamental  forms  of  communication  over  the  internet:  humantohuman;  humantomachine;  and  machinetomachine.  until  now,  the  majority  of  communication  that
__label__productinspection takes  place  belongs  to  either  humantohuman  or  humantomachine  communication  types.  the  iot  is  further  enabling  and  enhancing  machinetomachine  communication  as  a  primary  interaction  type  .  it  is  becoming  an  integral  part  of  smart  transport  applications,  smart  cities,  smart  homes  and  smart  industrial  applications,  see  ,  ,  ,  and  having  significant  impact  on  the  academia,  industry,  government,  and  society  .  different  researchers  have  proposed  different  architectures  for  iot  systems.  we  favour  the  fivelayer  architecture  concerning:  the  perception  layer;  the  network  layer;  the  middleware  layer;  the  application  layer;  and  the  business  or  logic  layer.  these  layers  are  described  in  ,  ;  these
__label__productinspection five  layers  as  shown  in  .  generic  architecture.  this  layer,  also  known  as  the  device  layer  in  other  interpretations  of  iot  architectures,  is  responsible  for  interacting  with  everyday  objects.  the  main  purpose  of  this  layer  is  to  collect  specific  information  related  to  objects  and  the  environment.  it  may  use  rfid  or  bar  codes  for  object  identification,  and  sensor  technology  or  some  other  information  collecting  technique.  this  information  may  be  related  to  location,  temperature,  acceleration,  velocity,  pressure,  or  chemical  changes  in  the  environment,  for  example.  the  type  of  information  sent  depends  on  the  sensor  type.  this  information  is  then  passed  to
__label__productinspection the  network  layer  for  further  transmission  .  this  layer  is  basically  a  combination  of  network  access  layer  and  network  transmission  layer.  it  is  also  commonly  known  as  transmission  layer.  the  main  purpose  of  this  layer  is  to  securely  transfer  information  from  the  perception  layer  to  the  middleware  later.  the  transmission  methods  used  in  the  network  layer  include  3g/4g,  wifi,  bluetooth  and  zigbee,  though  many  others  such  as  sigfox  may  be  employed.  the  choice  of  transmission  method  also  depends  on  the  sensor  device.  the  main  purpose  of  this  layer  is  service  management.  the  middleware  layer  helps  to  connect  devices  to  provide
__label__productinspection a  service.  each  device  communicates  with  devices  providing  the  same  service.  this  layer  receives  information  from  the  network  layer  and  stores  it  in  a  database  for  any  future  use.  this  layer  also  performs  the  information  processing  in  the  processing  unit,  and  can  make  decisions  based  on  the  information.  in  this  layer,  applications  are  hosted  which  help  in  the  manipulation  of  data  aggregated  in  various  ways.  it  provides  the  management  of  an  objects  information  collected  from  sensors.  different  applications  reside  on  this  layer,  such  as  building  automation,  continuous  healthcare  monitoring,  smart  waste  management,  autonomous  vehicles,  to  name  a  few.  this  layer
__label__productinspection has  the  business  models,  organizational  policies,  and  different  types  of  authentication  mechanisms  in  order  to  access  and  visualize  the  application  layer  data.  these  policies  and  visualizations  are  used  for  defining  future  actions  and  business  strategies.  the  demand  for  iot  systems  and  services  is  increasing.  the  population  of  cities  is  increasing  steadily  and  this  creates  resource  and  organisational  challenges  as  well  as  raising  social  issues  and  problems.  according  to  the  united  nation  population  fund,  approximately  60  of  the  world  population  will  live  in  cities  by  2030  .  as  a  consequence  of  the  increasing  population,  increasing  traffic  is  creating  a  massive  difficulty
__label__productinspection for  citizens.  major  budgets  are  allocated  for  construction  of  new  roads  and  highways  to  relieve  traffic  congestion.  smarter  transport  systems,  leveraging  internet  of  things  technologies,  are  seen  as  a  fundamental  part  of  the  solution  to  such  problems.  as  the  number  of  vehicles  on  roads  increases,  resulting  in  a  greater  number  of  collisions,  so  too  does  the  importance  of  effective  accident  detection  and  response.  a  key  aspect  of  a  response  strategy  that  requires  addressing  is  the  communication  between  a  vehicle  involved  in  an  accident  and  emergency  response  units,  once  an  accident  has  been  detected.  some  researchers  are  paying  attention  to  vehicle
__label__productinspection monitoring,  with  the  purpose  of  addressing  the  issue  around  automated  vehicle  accident  detection  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  different  researchers  have  proposed  different  techniques  for  accident  detection  or  accident  alarm  automation.  automatic  detection  through  gps  is  one  of  the  key  techniques  that  has  been  developed.  the  location  of  the  vehicle  is  sent  to  map  matching  algorithm  and  this  algorithm  detects  the  location  of  the  vehicle  on  the  road.  it  has  been  noted  that  such  methods  take  a  long  time  to  notify  hospitals  or  emergency  services  .  hu  et  al.  use  a  technique  based  on  3d  models  to  predict  accidents.
__label__productinspection the  sample  data  includes  motion  trajectories  which  are  collected  through  the  3d  model.  neural  algorithms  essentially  learn  the  motions  of  a  vehicle  and  then  match  this  with  sample  data.  it  predicts  an  accident  by  matching  the  trajectories  with  learned  activities.  chandran  et  al.  have  proposed  a  helmet  that  can  detect  and  report  an  accident  using  sensors  and  cloud  computing  infrastructure.  sensors  send  the  data  to  the  emergency  contact  numbers.  other  research  has  proposed  a  decision  support  system  for  the  routing  of  the  vehicles  without  including  accident  detection  or  notification  features  .  research  has  also  been  proposed  in  the  area  of
__label__productinspection iotbased  accident  detection  techniques.  this  method  detects  the  accident  and  informs  all  the  whatsapp  numbers  in  the  drivers  mobile  phone  .  the  major  problem  with  this  method  is  that  it  is  a  very  timeconsuming  process.  the  application  first  informs  the  personal  contact  number  and  then  the  person  informs  the  hospital  to  send  an  ambulance  or  safety  team  .  nasr  et  al.  propose  a  method  that  informs  a  central  headquarters  about  the  accident.  this  method  has  the  same  issue  that  there  is  a  time  delay,  and  this  method  is  applied  to  only  a  single  vehicle.  in  this  paper,  a  smart  vehicle
__label__productinspection accident  rescue  technique  has  been  developed  wherein  an  accident  is  detected  through  the  sensors  of  an  android  smartphone.  sensors  send  this  data  to  an  iot  architecture  that  processes  that  data  and  informs  the  nearest  hospitals  about  the  accident.  the  system  also  guides  the  nearest  ambulance  or  safety  service  in  reaching  the  site  of  the  accident.  this  technique  can  be  applied  to  any  type  of  vehicle.  the  system  is  capable  of  sharing  data  between  the  cloud  and  emergency  service  providers  in  real  time.  this  data  is  shared  in  order  to  enhance  the  rescue  aspects  of  the  system.  the  system  is  highly
__label__productinspection accurate  and  as  such  there  are  very  few  false  positives.  there  are  many  schemes  and  techniques  in  the  literature  to  address  road  safety,  vehicular  communication  and  rescue  operations  after  an  accident.  we  focus  on  the  most  practical  solutions  and  restrict  attention  to  the  techniques  that  are  software  and  hardwarebased  systems.  we  primarily  focus  on  the  methods  for  accident  detection  that  use  multiple  sensory  inputs.  this  section  presents  an  analysis  of  existing  systems  related  to  traffic  hazards  and  road  accidents,  highlighting  their  strengths,  weaknesses  and  limitations.  the  main  features  and  drawbacks  of  each  technique  or  method  are  presented  in  .  summary
__label__productinspection of  literature  review  findings.  in  the  literature,  we  can  find  a  significant  amount  of  research  attempting  to  address  the  problem  of  lowcost  retrofitted  solutions  for  identifying  and  notifying  of  vehicle  accidents,  based  on  mobile  phone  technology.  zhao  et  al.  have  proposed  a  crash  notification  systems  that  utilises  mobile  devices,  detecting  accidents  through  accelerometer  and  gps  data.  this  system  delays  in  sending  a  message  about  an  accident.  reddy  et  al.  proposes  the  technique  that  detects  the  accident,  using  the  position  of  the  vehicle  and  informs  of  an  accident  by  sending  an  sms  from  the  mobile.  this  system  uses  only  one  sensor,
__label__productinspection namely  the  position  of  the  vehicle,  and  this  can  lead  to  false  reporting  of  accidents.  in  ,  the  authors  propose  a  system  that  uses  the  gravitational  force,  speed,  and  noise  to  detect  an  accident.  an  emergency  notification  is  sent  to  a  web  server  that  then  sends  an  sms  to  the  emergency  contact  number.  this  system  is  the  closest  to  our  proposed  system,  using  some  of  the  same  sensors.  the  main  weakness  of  this  system  is  that  there  is  a  possibility  of  false  reporting  of  an  accident  at  low  speeds,  where  the  system  struggles  to  ascertain  reliably  whether  the  user  is
__label__productinspection in  the  vehicle.  patel  et  al.  developed  an  android  application  that  detects  accidents  using  only  accelerometer  data.  the  system  automatically  sends  a  prerecorded  voice  message  to  the  108  ambulance  service  an  emergency  service  available  in  india,  like  112  or  999  in  other  countries.  aloul  et  al.  also  focus  on  the  accelerometer  as  the  main  sensor  in  a  smartphone  for  the  detection  of  an  accident.  this  system  continuously  receives  data  from  the  accelerometer  and  use  this  to  determine  the  severity  of  an  accident.  it  notifies  the  the  medical  service  provider  of  accident  location  and  sends  information  about  the  owner/driver.  the  problem
__label__productinspection with  both  of  these  systems  is  their  reliance  on  a  single  sensor  gives  a  tendency  for  false  reporting  since  there  is  no  other  information  to  corroborate  a  suspected  accident.  khot  et  al.  propose  a  smartphone  based  system  that  detects  an  accident  using  an  accelerometer  and  finds  the  nearest  emergency  point  to  send  the  location  of  the  accident.  again,  this  system  has  the  problem  of  a  single  point  of  failure  leading  to  a  tendency  of  false  reporting.  zaldivar  et  al.  have  developed  a  smartphone  application  using  an  onboard  unit.  this  application  enables  the  driver  to  speak  with  his/her  vehicle.  the  application
__label__productinspection detects  an  accident  using  air  bag  triggers  and  informs  the  emergency  service  provider  through  email  or  sms.  a  drawback  of  this  application  is  that  it  requires  the  smartphone  application  to  be  running.  faiz  et  al.  also  proposed  a  vehicle  accident  detection  and  an  alarm  system  using  a  smartphone.  this  system  detects  an  accident  using  the  pressure  sensor  in  the  phone.  they  measure  the  speed  using  gps  and  the  tilt  of  angle  using  the  accelerometer  on  a  smartphone.  this  systems  detects  the  accident  using  the  two  sensors:  gps  and  accelerometer  through  the  smart  phone.  the  data  regarding  the  accident  is  stored
__label__productinspection on  the  server.  the  system  is  more  reliable  than  some  others,  but  failure  can  arise  in  the  case  of  server  failure  .  when  the  system  identifies  an  accident  has  taken  place,  it  informs  the  nearest  hospital  and  police  station.  thompson  et  al.  propose  a  system  that  detects  accidents  using  the  sensors  in  a  smartphone.  the  phone  uses  its  3g  connection  to  send  the  accident  information.  this  system  is  not  fully  automated  as  it  sometimes  requires  a  third  party  to  send  the  emergency  information  to  the  responders.  rajkiran  et  al.  propose  a  new  technique  that  automatically  detects  the  collision  using  the
__label__productinspection accelerometer  and  informs  the  emergency  dispatch  server  along  with  relevant  information  using  global  system  for  mobile  gsm  messaging.  again,  this  system  only  uses  a  single  sensor  to  detect  the  accident.  namrata  et  al.  propose  a  vehicle  accident  detection  and  tracking  system  utilizing  gps  and  gsm.  push  on  switches  sense  the  accident  and  send  the  location  to  the  userdefined  phone  number  using  gsm.  prabha  et  al.  proposed  another  method  that  provides  an  automatic  localization  system  using  gps.  the  method  also  provides  a  communication  service  using  a  gsm  modem.  the  system  detects  an  accident  using  the  accelerometer,  which  triggers  a  message  to
__label__productinspection be  sent  to  police  headquarters  and  to  a  rescue  team.  if  a  small  accident  occurs,  the  driver  can  terminate  the  alert  message.  dogru  et  al.  propose  a  system  that  uses  a  smartphone  to  continuously  share  data  related  to  the  position  and  speed  of  the  vehicle  to  other  vehicles.  different  machine  learning  algorithms  are  used  to  analyse  the  data  and  provide  information  regarding  road  conditions  and  for  accident  detection.  this  system  tries  to  make  decisions  on  the  basis  of  the  data  that  has  been  gathered.  unfortunately,  the  results  show  poor  accuracy  in  accident  detection  in  the  paper.  a  further  research  work
__label__productinspection that  is  of  interest  was  created  by  pop  et  al.  .  the  authors  developed  a  smartphonebased  application  that  uses  the  builtin  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  for  the  detection  of  accidental  falls  and  informs  the  nearest  emergency  provider  for  first  aid  assistance.  the  proposed  system  focuses  on  reducing  the  response  time  and  does  not,  however,  consider  accidents  in  vehicles.  traffic  accidents  are,  as  stated,  a  major  cause  of  fatalities  and  so  a  great  deal  of  research  is  underway  to  automatically  and  immediately  identify  accidents  and  for  rapid  initiation  of  rescue  operations.  if  the  time  between  accident  and  dispatch  of  the  rescue  team
__label__productinspection is  reduced  there  is  a  lower  likelihood  of  fatality  and  this  has  led  many  researchers  to  work  on  reducing  the  response  time.  young  has  presented  an  analysis  of  cellphone  usage  and  accidents  through  analysing  onstar  data.  the  onstar  system  involves  an  embedded  mobile  telephony  card  that  calls  for  assistance  upon  driver  activation  or  automatically  through  an  airbag  deployment.  clearly,  this  system  has  the  limitation  that  it  requires  manual  intervention,  or  is  only  activated  in  times  of  serious  incident  where  the  airbag  is  deployedand,  of  course,  relies  on  the  sensor  that  indicates  that  the  airbag  should  be  deployed.  some  systems  operate
__label__productinspection in  certain  locations  or  use  cases.  intersections  are  a  common  place  for  collisions  since  there  are  several  conflicting  movements  from  a  different  direction.  ki  et  al.  propose  a  system  that  automatically  detects,  records  and  reports  accidents  at  intersections.  cameras  are  placed  on  the  intersections  to  detect  the  vehicle  and  its  related  information,  such  as  velocity,  speed,  area,  and  direction.  the  decision  taken  by  the  system  is  on  the  basis  of  the  features  extracted.  we  can  discover  the  reasons  for  an  accident,  as  well  as  features  of  intersections  that  impact  safety.  obviously,  intersections  are  the  only  place  where  this  system  works
__label__productinspection and  it  will  not  detect  accidents  at  other  nonintersection  locations.  in  tushara  et  al.  ,  the  authors  propose  a  system  for  accident  detection  that  utilises  a  microcontroller  to  control  all  operations.  messages  are  sent  to  a  predefined  mobile  number.  the  performance  evaluation  of  this  system  demonstrated  false  reporting  of  accidents.  the  system  present  is  for  accident  detection  only  and  does  not  concern  any  rescue  system.  fogue  et  al.  propose  the  intelligent  system  that  is  able  to  detect  the  accident  and  notify  the  emergency  services.  this  system  also  estimates  the  severity  of  an  accident  to  reduce  the  assistance  time  by  using
__label__productinspection data  mining  and  knowledge  inference  techniques.  the  severity  is  used  in  decisionmaking  for  emergency  rescue  resource  utilization.  challenges  that  are  faced  in  the  implementation  of  the  system  include  latency,  bandwidth  and  delivery  guarantees.  in  the  paper,  chaturvedi  et  al.  propose  an  accident  detection  and  reporting  system  that  identifies  accidents  with  the  help  of  one  sensor.  when  an  accident  is  detected,  a  message  is  sent  to  the  nearest  police  station  and  relatives  of  the  victim.  liang  et  al.  propose  a  system  that  uses  support  vector  machines  svm  and  iot  to  efficiently  detect  accidents.  this  system  is  for  accident  detection  and  also
__label__productinspection traffic  prediction.  maleki  et  al.  propose  a  gpsbased  location  tracking  system.  this  system  collects  accident  information  through  the  use  of  a  crash  sensor.  it  sends  information  through  sms  messaging  to  an  emergency  centre.  the  emergency  centre  then  dispatches  a  response  team  to  the  accident  location.  despite  all  its  advantages,  the  system  has  some  drawbacks  too.  for  instance,  the  system  is  not  fully  automated  and  the  user  has  to  start  the  system  manually.  the  iotbased  system  proposed  by  nasr  et  al.  detects  accidents  using  a  shock  sensor.  this  system  provides  basic  information  regarding  accidents  to  the  rescue  team.  this  system  helps
__label__productinspection the  rescue  team  to  recognise  an  accurate  location  of  the  accident.  the  system  also  facilitates  determination  and  communication  of  the  shortest  and  best  route,  which  is  then  sent  to  the  nearest  ambulance.  this  is  not  scalable  and  is  limited  to  a  small  number  of  accidents.  another  limitation  of  the  system  is  that,  due  to  its  reliance  on  a  single  sensor,  accuracy  of  detection  is  very  low.  describes  the  main  features  and  limitations  of  various  techniques.  this  table  gives  the  details  of  the  evaluation  parameter  used  in  each  paper.  the  tools  and  implementation  method  are  also  presented  in  the  table.  as
__label__productinspection we  can  clearly  see  from  the  limitations  summarised  in  ,  many  systems  lack  accuracy  in  accident  detection.  moreover,  many  systems  use  an  onboard  processing  unit,  increasing  the  cost  of  the  overall  system  and  making  it  less  feasible  for  widescale  adoption.  using  smartphone  sensors  can  decrease  the  overall  cost  of  a  system  and  makes  it  more  accessible  to  users.  a  variety  of  smartphonebased  solutions  have  been  proposed  by  researchers.  presents  details  of  the  sensory  inputs  to  the  accident  detection  and  response  systems.  as  can  be  seen,  the  maximum  number  of  sensor  types  used  in  current  systems  is  3,  and  only  one
__label__productinspection system  using  this  many  types  of  input.  summary  of  sensor  types  used  in  existing  systems.  in  summary,  many  researchers  have  proposed  techniques  or  systems  for  automatic  accident  detection,  reporting,  and  rescue.  the  majority  of  the  systems  are  dependent  on  smartphones,  though  there  are  a  number  of  proprietary  products  that  have  been  developed.  these  latter  systems  usually  involved  a  manual  activation  aspect  and  direct  calls  to  call  centres  only.  our  propose  a  system  that  utilises  five  sensors  and  is  composed  of  following  components:  accident  detection;  communication;  rescuing;  and  navigation.  our  system  focuses  on  the  accuracy  of  accident  detection.  in  order  to
__label__productinspection address  the  current  limitations  in  accident  detection  systems,  we  propose  a  novel  accident  detection  and  reporting  system  adrs.  adrs  uses  the  capabilities  of  a  modern  android  smartphone  thereby  decreasing  the  overall  cost  since  there  are  no  special  hardware  requirements.  all  processing  is  performed  in  the  cloud.  the  architecture  of  the  adrs  is  a  layered  architecture  as  is  seen  in  .  architecture  of  adrs.  the  system  architecture  of  adrs  is  comprised  of  five  different  layers,  namely  the  application  layer,  the  database  layer,  the  cloud  layer,  the  network  layer,  and  the  perception  layer.  in  the  proposed  architecture,  the  perception  layer  is  responsible
__label__productinspection for  interacting  with  the  sensors  of  the  smartphone.  the  main  purpose  of  perception  layer  in  the  adrs  architecture  is  to  collect  sensor  data  from  the  sensors.  this  information  is  related  to  gravitational  force,  speed,  sound,  pressure,  and  location  of  the  vehicle.  all  is  derived  from  the  sensors  in  the  smartphone.  these  data  are  then  passed  to  the  network  layer  for  further  processing.  the  network  layer  is  responsible  for  providing  the  connectivity  between  the  perception  and  cloud  layers.  this  layer  receives  data  from  the  smartphone  sensors,  location,  and  driver  information  from  the  sensors  available  in  the  perception  layer.  the  network  layer
__label__productinspection utilises  wifi  or  3g/4g  cellular  communications  for  the  transmission  of  data  to  the  cloud  layer.  the  cloud  layer  holds  the  algorithm  for  accident  detection  and  identifies  an  accident  on  the  basis  of  threshold  analysis.  if  an  accident  is  identified,  it  informs  the  nearest  hospital  about  an  accident.  the  processing  layer  transfers  data  to  the  database  layer.  finally,  the  database  layer  is  responsible  for  storing  the  data  related  to  the  accident  ,  hospital  information,  driver,  and  vehicle  information.  all  of  the  information  is  transferred  to  the  application  layer,  which  includes  the  smartphone  application  interface  for  the  driver  and  interface  of  the
__label__productinspection webbased  system  for  the  hospital.  shows  the  working  of  the  proposed  system  to  give  a  better  understanding  of  system.  a  user  vehicle  driver  downloads  the  application  from  the  google  play  store  and  installs  it  on  their  smartphone.  after  installation,  the  user  registers  the  application,  providing  the  required  information;  after  registration,  the  user  can  use  the  application  freely.  each  time  the  user  commences  a  journey,  he  or  she  activates  the  tracking  process.  the  smartphone  begins  reading  the  sensor  data  and  sends  this  to  the  cloud.  this  information  is  then  processed  in  the  cloud  with  the  aim  of  detecting  any  accidents.  in
__label__productinspection the  case  of  an  accident,  a  nearby  hospital  is  informed  and  presented  with  details  about  the  accident.  working  of  adrs.  the  system  assumes  that  each  car  is  connected  to  the  smartphone.  each  smartphone  is  equipped  with  four  types  of  sensors:  a  pressure  sensor;  a  noise  sensor  microphone,  an  accelerometer,  and  a  speed  sensor.  for  the  experimental  evaluation,  we  have  used  an  android  phone  equipped  with  the  aforementioned  sensors  which  continuously  collect  raw  information  from  these  sensors.  the  phone  continually  sends  the  data  to  the  cloud  which  processes  the  data  and  looks  for  an  accident  condition.  in  the  proposed  system,  roads
__label__productinspection are  furnished  with  roadside  units  rsu.  these  rsus  are  used  to  cache  the  information  from  cars.  in  our  test  scenario,  we  have  five  vehicle  names  as  v1,  v2,  v3,  v4,  and  v5,  respectively.  vehicle  v1  communicates  with  the  nearest  rsu;  without  loss  of  generality,  we  can  name  this  rsu1.  in  our  scenario,  vehicle  v2  also  communicates  with  rsu1  because  it  is  not  within  the  range  of  rsu2  and  rsu3.  vehicle  v3  and  v4  collide,  resulting  in  rsu1  being  within  range.  the  information  of  the  accident  cannot  directly  be  shared  with  the  rsu3  because  it  is  out  of  range,  as  is
__label__productinspection the  case  with  vehicle  v2.  the  cloud  processes  data  and  checks  whether  an  accident  has  occurred  or  not.  threshold  values  are  defined  and,  if  the  values  collected  from  sensors  give  rise  to  a  value  that  exceeds  the  threshold  value,  it  indicates  that  an  accident  has  occurred.  when  these  conditions  are  reached,  an  alarm  is  generated  and  sent  to  the  vehicle  driver.  if  the  driver  cancels  the  alarm,  then  the  hospital  is  not  informed,  in  order  to  avoid  false  reporting.  if  the  driver  does  not  respond  within  10  s,  the  cloud  service  sends  a  notification  to  the  nearest  hospital.  the  cloud
__label__productinspection contains  a  database  of  cars  and  hospitals.  the  hospital  sends  an  ambulance  to  the  accident  location  for  rescue  operation.  the  hospitals  also  hold  a  database  with  information  on  the  ambulances.  the  main  objective  of  this  architecture  is  to  enhance  the  accuracy  of  accident  detection.  this  system  consists  of  two  phases:  i  the  accident  detection  phase;  ii  the  notification  phase.  these  phases  will  be  further  discussed  in  the  following  sections.  shows  the  overview  of  the  system.  overview  of  the  proposed  system.  the  fundamental  goal  of  our  system  is  to  provide  an  architecture  that:  1  allows  direct  vehicle  to  infrastructurev2i  communication;  2
__label__productinspection automatic  exchange  of  information  regarding  the  accident;  3  to  enhance  the  accuracy  of  accident  detection;  4  to  reduce  the  number  of  false  reports;  and  5  develop  a  costeffective  system.  shows  the  activities  involved  in  proposed  architecture.  flow  diagram  of  the  proposed  system.  accident  detection  is  used  to  prevent  unfortunate  incidents  that  result  in  damage  or  injury  and  hence  reduce  death  rates  from  road  traffic  accidents.  illustrates  the  basic  components  used  in  the  accident  detection  phase.  these  components  help  in  identifying  the  occurrence  of  an  accident.  the  detection  phase  utilises  the  data  from  the  smartphone:  microphone,  accelerometer,  gps,  and  pressure  sensor
__label__productinspection to  determine  the  occurrence  of  an  accident.  the  following  are  further  details  on  the  components  used  in  the  accident  detection  phase.  components  for  accident  detection.  this  component  is  used  to  detect  accelerometer  sensor  information  to  find  out  the  acceleration  force  or  gforce.  the  accelerometer  in  a  smartphone  is  one  of  the  essential  components  to  detect  an  accident.  if  the  acceleration  force  is  greater  than  4  g,  an  accident  flag  is  raised  .  it  should  be  noted  that,  to  detect  an  accident  accurately,  the  gforce  data  is  insufficient  in  isolation.  furthermore,  the  threshold  value  of  4  g  is  derived  through  a
__label__productinspection combination  of  secondary  research  and  experimentation.  when  the  phone  is  dropped  inside  or  outside  of  the  vehicle,  readings  of  2  g  or  3  g  are  observed  .  if  a  vehicle  stops  suddenly  but  is  not  in  an  accident  say  under  emergency  braking,  it  encounters  under  1  g  of  force.  by  considering  all  cases,  4  g  is  determined  as  a  threshold  to  raise  an  accident  flag.  this  threshold  value  helps  to  avoid  any  false  positives  .  this  component  is  used  to  extract  the  global  navigation  satellite  system  gnss  positional  data  through  the  gps  system.  the  gps  system  identifies  and  tracks  the
__label__productinspection position  of  the  vehicle  and  forwards  that  data  through  the  system.  the  gps  data  can  also  be  used  as  a  determinant  of  speed  and  can  be  used  to  determine  the  speed  of  the  vehicle.  the  probability  of  accurately  identifying  an  accident  is  increased  by  considering  the  speed  of  the  vehicle,  since  at  different  speeds  the  factors  such  as  noise  generated  and  deceleration  experienced  are  different  to  higher  speed  accidents.  if  the  speed  of  the  vehicle  is  less  than  24  km/h,  there  would  not  be  dramatic  changes  in  the  speed  unless  there  was  an  accident.  previous  experiments  have  shown  that  the
__label__productinspection variance  in  the  distribution  of  the  speed  value  is  greater  than  2.06  in  times  of  an  accident  ,  .  to  identify  an  accident,  we  therefore  consider  that,  when  the  speed  is  less  than  24  km/h  and  the  variance  is  greater  than  2.06,  we  need  to  check  the  noise  and  gravitational  force.  if  the  vehicle  is  moving  at  low  speed  and  the  noise  and  gravitational  force  are  sufficient,  then  an  accident  is  identified.  a  pressure  sensor  is  used  to  detect  the  pressure  of  a  car  in  collision.  this  component  also  collects  the  continuous  data  of  pressure  and  it  raises  an  accident
__label__productinspection flag  when  the  pressure  exceeds  a  prescribed  threshold  of  350  pa.  the  pressure  sensor  is  used  to  enhance  the  accuracy  of  the  system  and  to  reduce  the  chances  of  false  identification  and  reporting  of  an  accident.  this  component  is  used  to  detect  the  ambient  sound.  an  accident  flag  is  raised  when  the  noise  exceeds  the  threshold  value,  which  is  140  db.  since  we  are  using  accelerometer  and  pressure  sensor  to  help  identify  an  accident  with  increased  accuracy.  the  builtin  microphone  is  used  to  improve  the  accuracy  and  to  reduce  the  probability  of  false  positives.  the  builtin  microphone  is  used  to
__label__productinspection sense  sound.  at  the  point  when  a  vehicle  collides,  a  builtin  microphone  could  sense  high  decibel  sounds.  however,  it  should  be  recognised  that  there  is  a  possibility  that  noise  is  simply  made  by  the  passengers  laughing,  the  mobile  dropping  or  loud  music.  in  line  with  ,  ,  ,  the  sound  threshold  value  is  140  db.  the  microphone  is  used  to  increase  the  probability  of  accurate  detection  of  an  accident.  whilst  detection  of  accidents  is  a  significant  and  important  problem,  effective  notification  and  dispatch  is  also  important;  relevant  accident  information  must  be  dispatched  immediately  to  the  emergency  rescue  team.  when  an
__label__productinspection accident  is  identified,  the  system  gets  the  location  of  the  accident  from  the  gps  of  the  smartphone.  the  3g/4g  data  connection  of  the  smartphone  is  utilized  to  send  accident  information,  such  as  gforce  value,  pressure  value,  noise  value,  speed  value,  and  location  to  the  cloud.  the  cloud  has  a  database  of  hospitals  and  determine  the  nearest  hospital  using  a  mapping  service  in  our  case,  the  google  maps  api.  a  notification  is  sent  to  the  hospital  with  details  of  the  location,  along  with  owner  information.  the  data  collected  is  stored  into  the  existing  database.  explains  the  operation  of  the  notification  phase.
__label__productinspection components  of  the  notification  system.  a  car  database  contains  all  necessary  information  about  the  cars  that  have  been  registered.  for  example:  owner  information  computerized  national  identity  card  cnic,  name,  address  and  a  car  number  is  stored  in  the  cloud  to  address  any  mishap  see  .  a  car  database.  to  inform  the  hospitals  of  an  emergency,  the  system  needs  to  know  all  nearby  hospitals.  when  the  system  sends  a  message  to  the  cloud,  the  cloud  needs  to  find  the  nearest  hospital  and  forward  the  message  to  it.  the  information  stored  is  provided  in  .  a  hospital  database.  in  this  section,  we
__label__productinspection explain  the  prototype  of  the  proposed  system.  a  complete  system  is  developed  that  comprises  two  main  components:  the  smartphone  android  application  and  the  webbased  system.  a  smartphone  application  is  built  using  android  studio  3.3.1,  google  jetbrains,  mountain  view,  ca,  united  states.  we  use  the  android  application  to  access  the  smartphone  accelerometer  and  microphone  to  provide  data  on  the  gforce  and  ambient  noise,  and  to  gain  a  pressure  sensor  value.  an  accident  is  identified  based  upon  these  values.  the  user  starts  the  application  on  the  android  phone,  having  enabled  wifi/3g/4g.  the  application  commences  the  collection  of  data  from  three  sensors,  accelerometer,
__label__productinspection microphone,  and  pressure  sensor  of  the  smartphone  as  well  as  recording  gps  data.  the  proposed  detection  phase  can  be  stated  by  the  following  equation  ,  where  ad  is  the  accident  detection  pointer  flag.  in  the  equation:  is  an  acceleration  value  that  is  detected  by  the  smartphone.  is  the  value  of  noise  which  is  detected  by  the  microphone  of  the  smartphone.  is  a  speed  variation  period  that  is  used  to  detect  accidents  at  low  speed.  at  is  an  accident  detection  threshold.  this  is  set  to  1.5.  s  is  the  event  speed  value,  calculated  using  the  gforce.  lst  is  a  value  to
__label__productinspection detect  accidents  at  low  speed,  set  to  be  3.  is  a  maximum  period  of  time  for  consideration  of  low  speed  accidents:  the  cloud  processes  the  data  using  the  formula  above  to  detect  an  accident.  when  an  accident  is  identified,  an  alarm  is  raised.  the  user  can  press  the  cancel  button  within  10  s  in  the  case  this  is  a  false  flag,  in  order  to  avoid  a  false  report  of  an  accident.  in  the  case  that  the  message  is  not  cancelled,  an  emergency  alert  message  is  sent  to  the  nearest  hospital.  the  algorithm  of  accident  detection  is  described  in  algorithm  1.
__label__productinspection after  the  confirmation  of  an  accident,  the  smartphone  finds  the  geographical  location  of  the  accident  using  the  smartphone  gps  receiver.  we  use  the  google  maps  api  to  discover  the  location  of  the  collision.  the  system  determines  the  nearest  hospital  and  utilizes  the  wifi/3g/4  g  cellular  data  connection  to  send  collision  information  such  as  vehicle  number  and  the  location  of  the  accident  to  the  nearest  hospital  for  rapid  recovery.  the  algorithm  of  accident  detection  is  described  in  algorithm  2.  ambulance  dispatched;  server  decode  the  message;  lat1  start.lat;  lon1  start.lng;  lat2  end.lat;  on2  end.lng;  dlat  lat2  lat1;  dlon  lon2  lon1;  a  math.sindlat
__label__productinspection /  2  math.sindlat  /  2;  b  math.costhis.toradlat1  math.costhis.toradlat2;  c  math.sindlon  /  2  math.sindlon  /  2;  d  abc;  e  2  math.atan2math.sqrtd,  math.sqrt1  d;  dist  r  c;  cloud  finds  the  nearest  hospital  using  the  ;  hospital  nearesthospital;  update  the  data  base;  server  sends  notification  to  hospital  web  interface;  hospital  dispatch  the  ambulance;  as  explained,  our  system  comprises  two  phases:  accident  detection  and  notification  phase.  for  the  accident  detection  phase,  a  smartphone  application  has  been  fully  implemented.  for  the  notification  phase,  a  webbased  system  has  been  implemented  for  use  by  hospitals.  an  android  application  has  been  developed  in  the  java  programming  language,  using
__label__productinspection android  studio  version  3.3.1.  the  application  is  developed  for  an  android  operating  system  with  minimum  api  level  17  and  target  api  level  26.  a  user  first  registers  for  system  use.  once  registered,  to  use  the  system,  the  user  enters  their  id  and  password  to  log  in  to  the  system.  recording  and  transmission  of  data  commence  when  the  user  clicks  to  start  tracking.  the  application  continually  reads  the  data  from  the  smartphones  sensors  and  sends  the  data  to  the  cloud.  if  an  accident  is  identified,  the  application  generates  an  alarm  for  10  s.  shows  the  interfaces  of  smartphone  android  application.  the
__label__productinspection smartphone  application  consists  of  the  following  activities:  start  and  stop  accident  detection  activity,  tracking  of  accident,  cancellation  of  alarm,  management  of  account.  android  application.  sign  in  screen;  sign  up  screen;  start  tracking;  no  accident;  accident  detected;  alarm.  after  an  accident  is  identified,  the  cloud  determines  the  nearest  hospital  and  informs  the  hospital  about  the  accident.  this  is  performed  using  a  webbased  application.  the  application  has  been  developed  using  asp  .net  mvc  4.  this  interface  is  used  by  the  hospital  to  establish  whether  there  is  an  emergency  or  not.  whenever  an  accident  occurs,  the  website  receives  the  information  regarding  the  accident.
__label__productinspection the  website  shows  the  details  of  accident  such  as  the  location  of  accident  and  driver  and  vehicle  information.  a  microsoft  sql  database  is  used  to  store  all  the  information  regarding  an  accident.  the  website  uses  html,  css  and  bootstrap  for  the  development  of  the  interfaces.  the  google  maps  api  is  used  to  show  the  position  of  the  accident  on  a  map.  shows  the  working  of  web  based  application.  experimental  results.  accident  details;  location  of  the  accident.  clearly,  the  accidentdetection  algorithm  cannot  be  tested  in  a  real,  live  environment  due  to  safety  and  damage  issues.  indeed,  even  testing  in  controlled  environments
__label__productinspection is  challenging  and  costly.  however,  we  have  conducted  extensive  testing  through  simulation  in  a  controlled  environment.  the  system  records  acceleration  on  three  axesspeed  value,  noise  value  and  pressure  value  at  the  highest  possible  rates.  this  data  is  sent  to  the  cloud  and  the  cloud  processes  this  data  to  enable  accident  detection.  the  simulation  code  and  data  can  be  found  at  .  it  is  stated  that  it  is  not  possible  to  detect  the  accident  in  a  real  environment.  to  evaluate  the  threshold,  we  conducted  the  experiment  in  a  real  environment.  we  used  real  vehicles  and  drivers,  driving  at  different  speeds.  we
__label__productinspection simulated  the  other  factors  such  as  speed,  noise,  gforce,  and  pressure.  we  aimed  to  imitate  the  real  environment  in  the  vehicle  as  is  required  to  test  the  android  application.  the  smartphone  would  experience  a  gforce  of  more  than  4  g  in  the  case  of  an  accident.  to  mimic  this  situation,  we  dropped  the  smartphone  forcefully  inside  the  vehicle  to  reach  the  threshold  of  4  g.  in  our  experiments,  we  could  not  achieve  an  acceleration  of  4  g.  shows  that,  by  dropping  the  smartphone  in  the  vehicle,  the  maximum  force  experienced  is  not  more  than  3.3  g.  gforce  value  while  dropping
__label__productinspection a  smartphone.  the  onstar  system  is  selected  as  a  comparison  to  our  proposed  adrs.  the  onstar  system  has  been  created  by  general  motors  gm  detroit,  mi,  united  states  for  onroad  assistance.  the  system  uses  the  onvehicle  sensors  that  activates  whenever  the  accident  occurs  and  informs  the  emergency  provider.  onstar  is  selected  because  it  is  a  hardwarebased  system  that  uses  invehicle  sensors.  the  system  is  only  used  by  gm  vehicles  and  cannot  be  installed  in  all  brands  of  vehicles.  shows  the  comparison  of  both  systems.  comparison  of  onstar  and  adrs.  in  this  section,  we  present  the  results  of  our  experiments  when
__label__productinspection evaluating  the  accuracy  of  our  smartphone  application.  a  c  based  simulator  is  created  to  evaluate  the  accuracy.  our  performance  is  compared  to  the  car  accident  detection  and  notification  system  cadans  ,  that  detects  accidents  on  the  basis  of  smartphone  sensors:  accelerometer,  gps,  and  microphone.  we  simulated  the  behaviours  of  cadans  using  three  sensors  and  our  proposed  solution  adrs  with  four  sensors.  the  results  show  that  adrs  outperforms  cadans  in  terms  of  accuracy.  there  are  some  cases  where  cadans  does  not  detect  identify  an  accident  but  an  accident  has  occurred.  the  simulator  we  have  developed,  an  accident  detection  simulator  adsim,  simulates
__label__productinspection a  mobile  ad  hoc  network  and  uses  threads  to  manage  multiple  vehicles.  all  sensors  have  their  own  get  and  set  classes,  and  generate  values  every  other  second.  the  simulation  runs  for  two  minutes  and,  after  that,  results  are  analyzed.  experimental  setup  details  are  given  in  .  values  are  generated  for  each  sensor  and  formulas  for  accident  detection  are  executed.  the  simulator  indicates  for  which  values  actual  accidents  occur.  details  of  adsim.  the  simulation  is  conducted  for  two  minutes.  in  this  period,  40  accidents  occur  and  adrs  detects  all  40  accidents,  whereas  cadans  accurately  detects  31  accidents.  cadans  also  generates  more
__label__productinspection false  reports  than  adrs.  cadans  detects  an  accident  in  some  cases  where  the  gforce  is  lower  than  3  g  which  as  explained,  may  be  due  to  a  phone  being  dropped.  cadans  reports  nine  incidents  as  accidents  that  are  not  actual  accidents.  the  added  use  of  the  pressure  sensor  data  in  adrs  decreases  the  probability  of  false  reporting.  shows  the  results  of  simulations.  experiment  results.  comparison  of  accident  detected;  accuracy  percentage  of  experiments;  false  reporting  of  experiments;  parameter  based  comparison.  we  have  also  conducted  experiments  on  a  dataset  for  accident  detection  acquired  from  the  find  open  data  repository  .  this  is
__label__productinspection a  dataset  of  accidents  that  have  occurred  in  2016.  speed  and  noise  values  were  extracted  from  the  dataset.  the  aim  of  using  this  data  is  to  collect  the  speed  and  noise  values  arising  in  actual  accidents.  shows  the  actual  values  and  accident  occurrence.  base  value  of  accident  detection.  we  now  consider  the  performance  of  accident  detection  systems  employing  a  variety  of  sensors.  there  are  three  cases  that  we  consider:  in  this  case,  we  compare  the  extracted  real  speed  value  with  the  system  that  has  only  one  sensor  .  this  system  cannot  detect  the  accident  which  occurs  at  a  speed  less
__label__productinspection than  24  km/h.  in  this  case,  we  compare  the  situation  where  we  have  two  sensors  .  we  consider  the  speed  and  noise  sensor.  this  system  does  not  identify  an  accident  at  a  lower  speed  in  this  case  in  which  an  accident  did  actually  occur.  when  the  speed  is  greater  than  24  km/h,  it  may  identify  an  incident  as  an  accident,  where  in  reality  there  was  no  accident.  if  a  vehicle  is  at  a  low  speed,  but  the  noise  exceeds  the  threshold,  the  system  may  not  consider  it  as  an  accident,  where,  in  reality,  there  was  an  accident.  in  this  case,
__label__productinspection we  use  multiple  sensors;  we  use  the  accelerometer,  speed,  noise  and  pressure  sensors  to  identify  an  accident.  by  using  multiple  sensors,  we  increase  the  accuracy  of  accident  detection;  there  is  a  reduced  chance  of  both  a  false  negative  and  false  positive.  it  is  also  possible  to  detect  the  accidents  at  low  speeds  which  are  missed  in  other  systems.  the  following  table  shows  the  results  of  our  proposed  system.  shows  the  comparison  of  accident  detection  using  the  three  systems.  case  1  can  detect  three  of  the  five  incidents.  in  case  2,  where  the  noise  sensor  is  also  used  detects  four  out
__label__productinspection of  five  accidents,  failing  in  the  accident  that  is  at  low  speed.  in  case  3,  we  used  a  combination  of  speed,  accelerometer,  noise,  and  a  pressure  sensor  and  all  accidents  are  identified,  even  the  one  at  low  speed.  comparison  of  systems  using  different  numbers  of  sensors  for  detecting  accidents.  in  further  tests,  case  3  the  proposed  system,  90  of  accidents  are  detected  accurately.  d  shows  the  accuracy.  a  shows  the  comparison  of  the  three  cases.  c  shows  the  severity  of  the  accident  at  different  speeds.  from  the  data,  we  can  observe  that  the  severity  of  the  accident  is  high  in
__label__productinspection the  3050  km/h  speed  range;  the  severity  of  the  accident  is  medium  from  2040  km/h  and  very  low  below  20.  we  performed  five  experiments  and  in  terms  of  false  reporting,  case  1  gives  two  false  reports,  case  2  gives  one,  and  case  3  gives  zero  false  reports  b.  experimental  results.  comparison  of  experiments  for  the  three  cases.  false  reporting  in  the  three  cases.  estimated  severity  of  accident  for  the  three  cases.  accuracy  percentage  in  the  three  cases.  in  modern  cities,  the  volume  of  vehicles  has  increased  drastically  in  recent  years.  this  increased  traffic  has  resulted  in  an  increase  in  the
__label__productinspection number  of  accidents.  while  there  exist  a  number  of  accident  detection  systems  being  brought  to  market,  still  a  significant  number  of  fatalities  arise.  at  least  part  of  this  problem  is  due  to  the  lack  of  a  timely  response  to  serious  accidents,  caused  by  inadequate  automatic  accident  detection  and  inefficient  notification  and  routing  of  emergency  response.  the  lack  of  availability  of  effective  systems,  for  affordability  and  retrofitting  capability  issues,  only  exacerbates  the  problem.  to  address  these  issues,  we  propose  an  iotbased  system  for  accident  detection.  we  have  shown  that  using  a  variety  of  different  sensors  can  help  in  detecting  a  road
__label__productinspection accident  more  accurately.  the  proposed  system  immediately  detects  the  location  of  an  accident  and  calculates  the  nearest  hospital  and  sends  an  emergency  request  for  assistance  to  the  required  hospital  department.  this  system  takes  the  decision  on  the  basis  of  data  received  from  smartphone  sensors,  detecting  information  about  the  vehicle  status.  we  have  demonstrated  that  our  proposed  approach  reduces  the  number  of  false  alarms  seen  in  earlier  work.  our  system  requires  internet  connectivity  to  function.  the  limitations  of  our  study  include  that  we  have  conducted  the  primary  evaluation  of  the  system  in  a  simulated  environment.  in  the  near  future,  we  will
__label__productinspection enhance  the  system  by  introducing  mobile  edge  computing  to  reduce  latency  and  enhance  security  and  privacy.  indeed,  the  system  requires  a  full  security  and  privacy  analysis,  and  we  intend  to  address  this  in  future  work.  the  following  abbreviations  are  used  in  this  manuscript:  the  simulation  code  and  data  are  available  online  at  .  m.a.s.  supervised  the  work.  f.b.  worked  on  analysis,  development  and  writeup.  c.m.  supported  the  analysis  and  context  of  the  work,  and  assisted  with  the  preparation  of  the  manuscript.  s.i.  assisted  with  the  preparation,  reviewed,  and  refined  the  manuscript.  this  work  is  supported  by  the  alan  turing  institute
__label__productinspection poweroverethernet  switches  will  manage  sensors  and  cameras  at  10,000  intersections  traffic  engineers  in  new  york  city  will  soon  be  able  to  reboot  malfunctioning  stoplights  without  leaving  their  desks,  thanks  to  a  new  iot  project.  the  citys  is  working  with  to  deploy  poweroverethernet  poe  switches  at  10,000  traffic  intersections.  poe  systems  on  single  cable  to  various  devices,  including  wireless  access  points,  ip  cameras,  and  voip  phones.  the  managed  hardened  gigabit  poe  switch  from  transition  is  designed  for  outdoor  environments  and  can  supply  up  to  30  watts  per  port  on  all  eight  ports  simultaneously.  the  switches  power  cameras  and  sensors  at  intersections.
__label__productinspection the  cameras  track  traffic  and  pedestrian  flows  while  the  sensors  count  cars  and  support  the  citys  .  the  data  is  transmitted  to  the  citys  traffic  monitoring  center.  the  connection  vehicle  project  will  support  ,  a  plan  to  eliminate  traffic  deaths  and  injuries  and  reduce  damage  to  vehicles  and  infrastructure.  the  nyc  deployment  uses  and  infrastructuretopedestrian  ivp  communications.  v2v  communications  include  blind  spot  and  lane  change  warnings.  v2i  communications  track  cars  that  speed  and  run  red  lights.  ivp  alerts  include  warnings  to  cars  when  people  are  in  a  crosswalk  and  guidance  to  blind  pedestrians  via  cell  phones.  in  addition  to  monitoring
__label__productinspection activity  and  collecting  data,  the  new  system  includes  a  reboot  feature.  when  there  is  a  problem  with  a  traffic  signal,  a  technician  goes  out  to  check  the  device  and  reset  it  manually.  transportation  officials  will  use  this  new  system  to  reset  the  devices  remotely,  without  having  to  close  lanes  and  stop  traffic.  transitions  device  management  system  software  also  creates  an  interactive  map  of  all  connected  devices,  making  it  easier  for  city  engineers  to  identify  problems  in  the  system.  the  city  is  counting  on  these  new  tools  and  data  collection  to  improve  safety,  traffic  management  and  transportation  citywide.  new  york  needs
__label__productinspection .  and  .  in  manhattan,  the  average  speed  is  7  mph,  about  23  slower  than  10  years  ago.  transition,  a  unit  of  communications  systems,  produces  and  to  provide  security  and  surveillance,  data  center  networking,  business  ethernet,  fibertothedesk  and  wireless  backhaul.  customers  include  enterprises,  integrators,  service  providers,  federal  agencies,  and  the  military.  installing  smart  devices  across  cities  allows  transit  agencies  to  enact  changes  that  improve  safety  and  traffic  flow;  our  solution  provides  the  power  and  connection  to  make  it  all  possible,  anita  kumar,  a  director  of  product  management  and  software  engineering  at  transition  networks,  said  in  a  news  release.  smart  device
__label__productinspection installation  will  grow  in  importance  as  transit  agencies  look  to  improve  service,  create  efficiencies  and  increase  quality  of  life  for  growing  cities.  stay  informed  about  the  latest  in  smart  city  tech,  which  includes  innovations  in  iot,  security,  big  data,  mobile  apps,  and  more.  also,  benefit  from  the  lessons  learned  by  smart  city  leaders.  thursdays  transition  networks  is  supporting  new  york  citys  connected  vehicle  program  which  is  working  reduce  pedestrian  deaths  due  to  car  accidents.  veronica  is  an  independent  journalist  and  communications  strategist.  for  more  than  10  years,  she  has  covered  health  and  healthcare  with  a  focus  on  innovation  and  patient
__label__productinspection the  transportationindustryis  associated  with  high  maintenance  costs,  disasters,  accidents,  injuries  and  loss  of  life.  hundreds  of  thousands  of  people  across  the  world  are  losing  their  lives  to  car  accidents  and  road  disasters  every  year.  according  to  the  national  safety  council,  on  u.s.  roadsalone  in  2015.  the  related  costs  including  medical  expenses,  wage  and  productivity  losses  and  property  damage  were  .  and  this  doesnt  account  for  general  maintenance  and  repairs  costs  of  the  road  and  highway  systems,  which  earmark  billions  of  dollars  of  public  funds  every  year  and  .  hopefully,  thisproblemcan  be  addressed  by  the  internet  of  things  and  machine  learning,
__label__productinspection and  will  someday  become  an  inherent  part  of  every  aspect  of  our  lives.  with  the  right  implementation  of  iot  technology,  we  can  mitigate  risks,  prevent  damage  and  reduce  costs.  the  deployment  of  smart,  connected  sensors,  combined  with  machinelearningpowered  analytics  tools,  can  enable  us  to  gather  information,  make  predictions  and  reach  decisions  that  will  make  our  roads  safer.  the  human  element  continues  to  be  the  main  contributing  factor  to  road  fatalities.  reckless  driving,  distracted  driving,  dui,  speeding  and  other  bad  habits  increase  the  likelihood  of  road  accidents.  in  every  country,  there  are  rules  and  regulations  that  enforce  safe  driving.  but  while
__label__productinspection rules  are  rather  reactive  in  nature  and  force  drivers  to  drive  safely  to  avoid  punishment,  iot  can  play  a  more  proactive  role  in  helping  driversadopt  safe  habits.  telematics  company  is  using  iot  to  help  fleet  management  companies  significantly  reduce  accidents.  until  autonomous  vehicles  are  fully  rolled  out,  we  have  to  employ  technology  to  help  manage  the  human  factor  in  driving,  says  neil  cawse,  the  companys  ceo.  data  collection  is  the  first  step.  with  telematics,  you  can  know  an  infinite  number  of  things  about  the  vehicle  and  what  the  driver  is  doing.  telematics  and  are  helping  fleet  management  companies  and  insurance
__label__productinspection firmscollect  a  wealth  of  information  about  vehicles  and  drivers,  including  measurable  events  such  as  speeding,  seatbelt  usage,  sharp  cornering  or  overacceleration.  this  helps  them  in  promoting  and  incentivizing  safe  driving  by  using  a  number  of  measures,  such  as  scorecarding,  which  rates  drivers  based  on  their  driving  data.  the  second  step  is  driver  coaching  using  the  data  to  help  the  driver  learn  to  drive  safer,  says  cawse.  invehicle  driver  feedback  tools  are  an  effective  way  to  change  driver  behavior.  geotab  users  leverage  vehicleinreverse  detection,  collision  avoidance  systems,  mobile  cameras  and  video  and  spoken  word  notifications  to  detect  risks  and  receive  live
__label__productinspection invehicle  feedback  and  warnings.  not  only  can  it  keep  people  safe,  but  it  is  a  major  benefit  to  companies  looking  to  manage  risk  and  control  costs  related  to  accidents,  adds  cawse.  iot  and  telematics  are  also  reducing  the  overhead  in  ensuringcompliance  with  regulations  such  as  hours  of  service,  which  require  drivers  to  record  such  details  as  when  they  start  driving,  when  they  stop  and  other  important  trip  details.  this  safety  measure  combats  accidents  due  to  lack  of  sleep,  cawse  explains.  in  the  event  of  anaccident,  analysis  of  data  collected  through  iot  technology  will  help  reduce  risks  in  the  future.  accident
__label__productinspection data  collected  by  telematics  could  be  used  to  identify  the  most  dangerous  intersections  in  our  cities,  says  cawse.  with  that  kind  of  information,  municipalities  and  departments  of  transportation  can  put  their  dollars  exactly  where  its  needed  the  most,  and  where  it  will  make  the  greatest  impact.  geotab  collects  over  900  million  points  of  data  each  day.  the  potential  for  how  this  data  could  be  used  is  limitless.  providing  timely  maintenance  for  the  network  of  bridges,  roads  and  highways  of  a  country  is  a  challenging  task,  and  often  the  mismanagement  of  transportation  infrastructure  leads  to  collapsed  bridges,  potholes  in  roads,  unwanted
__label__productinspection congestion  and  fatalities.  the  2007  collapse  of  the  i35w  mississippi  bridge  in  minneapolis,  which  cost  the  state  millions  of  dollars  in  repairs  and  resulted  in  13  casualties,  is  one  of  the  starkest  examples  of  the  consequences  of  failing  to  address  infrastructural  problems  in  time.  presently,  of  the  607,000  bridges  across  the  u.s.,  roughly  which  takes  years  and  billions  of  dollars  to  fix.  this  means  the  i35w  tragedy  could  happen  any  time,  because,  with  limited  public  funding,  its  hard  to  keep  track  and  prioritize  repairs  and  maintenance.  .  iot  sensors  and  smart  cement  cement  equipped  with  sensors  can  monitor  the  structural
__label__productinspection status  of  roads  and  bridges  under  dynamic  conditions  and  alert  us  about  deficiencies  before  they  turn  into  catastrophes.  professor  jerry  lynch  of  the  wims  has  instrumented  the  new  carquinezbridge  with  iot  sensors.  supported  by  the  california  department  of  transportation,  the  iot  ecosystem  includes  triaxis  accelerometers,  strain  gauges,  wind  velocity,  temperature  and  potentiometer  displacement  sensors  measured  using  a  proprietary  narada  circuit  board.  the  data  collected  by  the  system  is  used  to  better  understand  the  response  of  the  bridge  under  such  conditions  as  high  wind  loading  and  earthquakes,  and  to  determine  in  realtime  when  the  structure  is  at  risk  or  in  need
__label__productinspection of  repairs.  the  replacement  of  the  i35w  mississippi  bridge  cost  the  state  234  million.  today,  that  sum  can  be  used  to  instrument  thousands  of  bridges  and  preventtragedies  in  the  future.  controlling  traffic  and  keeping  roads  clear  can  help  immensely  in  reducing  accidents  and  incidents  thatoccur  because  of  poor  road  and  weather  conditions.  driving  safety,  in  particular,  is  dependent  on  being  able  to  monitor  road  surfaces  andidentify  road  hazards.  iot  road  sensors  can  provide  realtime  data  from  roads  to  help  divert  the  flow  of  traffic  away  from  areas  of  hazard.  french  iot  startup  is  exploring  the  possibilities  in  several  french  cities.
__label__productinspection road  sensors  are  going  to  be  one  of  the  most  crucial  developments  that  will  take  place  in  the  world  of  transportation  with  the  introduction  of  the  internet  of  things  technology,  says  ludovic  broquereau,  vp  of  marketing  and  business  development  at  hikob.  road  sensors  can  be  easily  embedded  under  the  roads  so  that  they  can  effectively  measure  the  changes  in  temperature,  traffic  volume  and  humidity,  among  other  weather  and  traffic  constraints.  the  data  collected  by  the  sensors  is  gathered  in  servers,  where  it  is  analyzed  to  provide  concerned  authorities  with  realtime  information  about  traffic  and  road  conditions  in  the  iotequipped  regions.
__label__productinspection the  gleaned  insights  can  help  in  a  number  of  scenarios,  including  optimizing  the  use  of  limited  maintenance  resources  and  equipment,  as  well  aspredicting  and  alerting  aboutpossible  hazards  and  accidents  that  may  take  place  because  of  poor  road  and  weather  conditions.  hikob  is  testing  its  solution  in  the  ,  where  it  is  using  a  host  of  smart  sensors  and  iot  gateways  to  monitor  traffic  and  weather  conditions  to  assist  in  improving  road  safety.  iot  is  already  helping  make  our  roads  much  safer.  but  this  is  just  the  beginning.  the  true  power  of  iot  in  ensuring  safe  driving  continues  to  be  unleashed
__label__productinspection as  cars  move  toward  becoming  fully  autonomous  and  start  interacting  with  their  environment  and  making  decisions  on  their  own.  this  could  unlock  new  possibilities,  such  as  preventing  drivers  from  entering  hazardous  areas,  assisting  in  avoiding  collisions,  selecting  detours  and  avoiding  traffic  jams  and  many  other  scenarios  where  the  power  of  iot  and  machine  learning  combine  to  create  new  opportunities.  we  still  have  a  long  way  to  go,  but  maybe  one  day  accidents  will  become  a  thing  of  the  past.
__label__productinspection the  page  you  are  looking  for  may  have  been  removed  as  part  of  our  regular  site  maintenance,  had  its  name  changed,  or  is  temporarily  unavailable.  we  invited  you  to  browse  other  content  on  the  .  if  you  feel  you  have  reached  this  page  due  to  an  error,  try  the  following:  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  subscribe  to  our  newsletters
__label__productinspection use  iot  sensors,  a  raspberry  pi  gateway,  mqtt,  and  watslon  iot  platform  along  with  leaflet...  create  a  realtime  stream  of  carbon  intensity  for  the  ny  state  power  grid  with  mqtt...  use  an  iot  asset  tracking  device  to  improve  a  supply  chain  by  using  blockchain,  iot...  walk  through  a  prediction  methodology  that  utilizes  multivariate  iot  data  to  collect  sensor  values  and...  use  watson  studio  and  python  data  science  packages  to  identify  trends  and  make  predictions  use  hyperledger  fabric  and  nodered  to  create  a  blockchain  network  to  secure  iot  data  integrate  custom  machine  learning  models  with  ibm  maximo  create  a  local  hyperledger
__label__productinspection fabric  network  using  the  ibm  blockchain  platform  extension  for  vs  code  implement  mesh  networking  over  wifi  with  raspberry  pis  use  nodered  and  twilio  to  develop  an  application  on  ibm  cloud  that  monitors  remote  servers...  transform  your  cognitive  iot  solutions  by  applying  advanced  machine  learning  and  detect  anomalies  in  real...  quickly  build  a  fun  nodered  app  in  ibm  cloud  using  watson  nodes  learn  how  to  create  a  watson  iot  platform  starter  application  to  connect  iot  devices  to...  build  a  simple  but  complete  home  automation  system  build  an  iot  monitoring  system  that  includes  both  an  iot  edge  analytics  system  and  an...  use
__label__productinspection the  ryze  and  dji  sdks  to  control  their  tello  drone  api  with  nodered  and...  its  not  enough  to  respond  to  a  disaster;  healthcare  facilities  need  to  be  prepared  before...  in  this  post,  ill  show  you  the  top  five  reasons  you  should  be  using  nodered...  explore  the  strengths  and  weaknesses  of  these  paradigms  use  this  hardware  guide  to  determine  which  hardware  to  use  when  prototyping  and  developing  iot...  from  device  security,  to  network  security,  to  application  security,  and  more  john  walicki  walks  through  the  code  you  can  fork  and  deploy  for  yourself  to  use...  use  iot  sensors,  a  raspberry  pi  gateway,
__label__productinspection mqtt,  and  watson  iot  platform  along  with  leaflet...  use  nodered  to  collect  events  and  process  them  visual  inspection  of  industrial  equipment  can  prevent  disaster  and  maintain  seamless  operations  learn  how  to  set  up  ibm  watson  iot  platform  and  how  you  can  store  the...  build  an  app  that  uses  photos  of  vehicle  damage  to  train  a  watson  visual  recognition...  learn  about  the  architecture  behind  our  iot  offering  natural  disasters  are  one  of  the  humanitys  greatest  threats.  while  they  may  be  inevitable,  their  impact  can  be  reduced  through  technology.  thats  why  ibm  created  code  and  response,  a  four  year,  25  million  deployment
__label__productinspection amazon  sagemaker  is  a  fullymanaged  platform  that  enables  developers  and  data  scientists  to  quickly  and  easily  build,  train,  and  deploy  machine  learning  models  at  any  scale.  with  amazon  sagemaker,  all  the  barriers  and  complexity  that  typically  slow  down  developers  who  want  to  use  machine  learning  are  removed.  the  service  includes  models  that  can  be  used  together  or  independently  to  build,  train,  and  deploy  your  machine  learning  models.  classifies  vehicle  damage  images  in  multiple  types  significant  time  is  spent  by  auto  insurance  adjusters  to  appraise  vehicle  loss  and  estimate  the  final  settlement  amount.  large  volume  of  minor  loss  claims  consume  significant
__label__productinspection bandwidth  of  adjusters.  a  machine  learning  model  can  reduce  this  amount  by  inspecting  and  identifying  type  of  damage  after  car  accident.  key  data  fulfillment  methods  download  the  jupyter  notebook  in  additional  resources  section  and  follow  readme.txt  provided.  end  user  license  agreement  amazon  sagemaker  is  a  fullymanaged  platform  that  enables  developers  and  data  scientists  to  quickly  and  easily  build,  train,  and  deploy  machine  learning  models  at  any  scale.  with  amazon  sagemaker,  all  the  barriers  and  complexity  that  typically  slow  down  developers  who  want  to  use  machine  learning  are  removed.  the  service  includes  models  that  can  be  used  together  or  independently  to
__label__productinspection build,  train,  and  deploy  your  machine  learning  models.  for  additional  information  on  amazon  sagemaker,  please  click  aws  infrastructure  aws  support  is  a  oneonone,  fastresponse  support  channel  that  is  staed  24x7x365  with  experienced  and  technical  support  engineers.  the  service  helps  customers  of  all  sizes  and  technical  abilities  to  successfully  utilize  the  products  and  features  provided  by  amazon  web  services.  refund  policy  since  you  are  not  being  charged  currently  for  the  use  of  this  software  there  will  be  no  refund  of  any  charges.  share  your  thoughts  about  this  product.
__label__productinspection content  sponsored  by  comcast  business  the  internet  of  things  iot  makes  possible  a  number  of  solutions  to  track  and  manage  business  vehicles.  the  iot  has  introduced  a  new  level  of  fleet  management  with  granular  data  about  each  driver,  vehicle,  and  cargo  across  a  range  of  metrics.  the  integrated  solutions  the  iot  provides  across  all  industries  is  slated  to  have  a  global  economic  impact  of  4  to  11  trillion  a  year  in  2025,  global  business  consulting  firm  mckinsey  company.  the  vehicle  segment  is  estimated  at  200  to  700  billion.  so  how  can  you  optimize  your  fleet  with  iot?  with  realtime  visibility
__label__productinspection you  can  see  where  the  driver,  vehicle,  and  cargo  are  at  all  times.  this  type  of  visibility  ensures  you  know  where  your  valuable  fleet  assets  are,  and  that  your  cargo  delivery  is  on  time.  it  means  more  insights  and  more  control  than  ever.  bad  driving  habits  could  be  costing  you  more  than  you  know.  the  environmental  protection  agency  epa,  aggressive  driving  e.g.,  speeding,  rapid  acceleration,  and  braking  wastes  gas.  this  type  of  driving  can  lower  your  gas  mileage  by  up  to  30  percent  at  highway  speeds  and  up  to  40  percent  in  stopand  go  traffic.  the  right  iot  solution  has
__label__productinspection analytics  to  monitor  log  time,  driving  patterns,  weather  and  road  conditions,  cornering,  speeding,  braking,  consecutive  hours  driven,  and  adherence  to  approved  routes.  identifying  bad  driving  habits  lets  you  take  proactive  steps  to  improve  performance  before  it  costs  you  money  with  higher  insurance,  property  damage,  and  lawsuits  due  to  accidents.  it  also  helps  ensure  compliance  with  legal  requirements  such  as  limitations  on  number  of  consecutive  driving  hours  that  drivers  can  take.  knowing  when  your  vehicles  need  maintenance  before  they  break  on  the  road  will  save  more  than  money.  late  deliveries  because  of  unforeseen  breakdowns  could  damage  the  reputation  of  your  company.
__label__productinspection with  predictive  maintenance  you  can  see  tremendous  detail  about  your  vehicles.  you  can  view  the  maintenance  record  and  make  arrangements  for  repair  even  when  they  are  on  the  road,  with  support  solutions  to  help  identify  the  nearest  service  center.  this  translates  to  fewer  unexpected  breakdowns  and  more  vehicles  on  the  road.  the  monitoring  provided  by  iot  solutions  also  extends  to  security.  you  will  be  better  positioned  to  stop  unauthorized  use  of  your  vehicles  for  unauthorized  activities.  for  instance,  fleet  security  and  control  features  offer  options  such  as  remote  vehicle  disabling  and  panic  and  emergency  notification.  knowing  where  your  vehicle  is
__label__productinspection located  at  all  times  lets  you  notify  authorities  quickly  to  protect  your  drivers,  vehicle,  and  cargo.  in  turn,  this  can  translate  into  driver  safety  and  the  safety  of  your  investment.  you  will  be  able  to  improve  customer  service  by  integrating  realtime  tracking.  with  iot,  cloud  computing,  and  mobile  apps  that  track  information,  you  will  know  what  is  going  on  and  pass  along  more  precise  information  to  your  customers.  when  they  have  more  information  and  more  predictably,  customers  will  be  more  satisfied.  they  can  get  on  their  smartphones,  and  check  where  the  truck  and  delivery  is  and  when  it  will  get
__label__productinspection to  its  destination.  this  gives  your  customers  quick  answers,  and  your  office  workers  can  focus  on  tasks  with  more  value.  these  are  just  some  of  the  benefits  the  iot  brings  when  it  comes  to  managing  your  fleet.  although  various  types  of  fleet  monitoring  have  been  available  on  the  market  for  years,  the  iot  is  making  solutions  more  granular  with  much  more  detail,  predictive  capability,  and  control  than  ever  before.  and  the  cost  and  complexity  of  solutions  is  coming  down,  making  more  options  available  to  those  with  smaller  budgets.  some  of  the  additional  applications  allow  you  to  customize  maps  and  create
__label__productinspection boundaries  for  your  drivers;  plug  into  your  supply  chain  management  for  better  control  of  your  inventory;  improve  dispatching;  and  automate  delivery,  scheduling,  and  placement.  a  study  commissioned  by  zebra  technologies  and  undertaken  by  forrester  consulting,  that  96  percent  of  surveyed  transportation  and  logistics  companies  agree  the  iot  is  the  most  strategic  technological  initiative  their  organizations  will  undertake  this  decade.  as  companies  embrace  the  technology  and  unlock  the  possibilities  it  offers,  iot  can  both  solve  myriad  issues  fleet  owners  face  while  opening  the  door  to  new  opportunities.
__label__productinspection learn  more  from  tech  tips  to  financial  risks  visit  deloitte  insights  key  opportunities,  trends,  and  challenges  looking  ahead,  staying  ahead  timely  insights  to  inform  your  agenda.  get  daily  updates  on  your  mobile  device  experience  deloitte  in  a  new  way  through  our  augmented  reality  app.  discover  deloitte  and  learn  more  about  our  people  and  culture.  have  you  already  applied  for  a  job?  you  can  now  update  your  candidate  profile  here.  the  connected  vehicle  has  been  the  most  visible  and  familiar  example  of  internet  of  things  technology.  but  as  cars  become  increasingly  softwaredriven,  the  real  iot  developments  in  the  auto  industry  are
__label__productinspection behind  the  scenes,  as  automakers  and  software  providers  both  lay  claim  to  the  drivers  seat.  our  cars  have  been  connected  for  years,  in  ways  that  by  now  seem  routine:  they  seamlessly  link  to  our  smartphones,  register  realtime  traffic  alerts,  stream  our  spotify  playlists,  and  offer  emergency  roadside  assistance  at  the  touch  of  a  button.  indeed,  automakers  began  linking  vehicles  to  information  streams  back  in  the  early  days  of  the  internet.  when  it  comes  to  connecting  drivers  and  technology,  the  auto  industry  has  a  longer  and  richer  track  record  than  any  other  sector.  true,  automakers  have  yet  to  turn  the  connected
__label__productinspection car  into  a  significant  revenue  generator  or  a  key  driver  of  vehicle  sales:  despite  two  decades  of  tv  ads  promoting  advances  in  invehicle  connected  services,  drivers  have  resisted  paying  extra  for  those  features,  either  not  understanding  the  new  technologies  or  simply  seeing  little  value  in  the  services  offered.  but  thisand  a  great  deal  moreis  about  to  change.  receive  iot  insights  explore  the  indeed,  the  auto  industry  is  on  the  brink  of  a  revolution,  and  the  driving  force  is  the  suite  of  technologies  known  as  the  internet  of  things  iot.  with  iot  applicationsgrounded  in  advances  in  everything  from  sensors  to  artificial
__label__productinspection intelligence  to  bigdata  analysisall  manner  of  objects,  from  wristwatches  to  road  signs,  can  be  not  only  connected  but  also  smart.  and  both  industry  insiders  and  everyday  drivers  will  soon  see  a  fundamentally  different  world  of  mobility.  analysts  differ  in  their  estimates,  but  all  agree  that  the  prospects  are  staggering.  gartner  predicts  that  by  2020,  more  than  250  million  vehicles  will  be  connected  globally,  with  the  number  of  installed  connectivity  units  in  vehicles  worldwide  increasing  by  67  percent  and  consumer  spend  on  invehicle  connectivity  doubling.  deloittes  consumer  research  suggests  thatdrivers  of  the  next  generation  want  their  cars  to  act  as  smartphones
__label__productinspection on  wheels,  like  to  remain  connected  and  productive  while  on  the  go,  consider  fully  connected  vehicles  among  the  most  beneficial  futuristic  technologies,  and  are  ready  to  pay  a  sizeable  amount  for  a  vehicle  that  meets  all  their  technology  needs  and  wants.  we  expect  the  impacts  on  the  industry  to  be  transformational,  not  incremental.  as  ever,  new  opportunities  bring  fresh  challenges.  as  iot  technologies  and  services  transform  the  automobile,  the  ecosystem  is  witnessing  a  steady  influx  of  new  players  and  the  continued  evolution  of  the  roles  of  key  stakeholders  and  the  balance  of  power  among  them.  of  particular  interest  is  the
__label__productinspection evolving  relationship  between  automakers  and  software  providers.  each  has  a  viable  claim  on  the  drivers  seat  in  the  rapidly  changing  autoindustry  ecosystem,  even  as  each  new  generation  of  services  promises  to  throw  into  question  just  how  long  whoever  might  have  their  hands  on  the  wheel  can  keep  them  there.  the  connected  car  has  evolved  in  distinct  stages,  or  phases,  over  the  last  few  decades  that  show  advances  in  both  technology  and  the  ecosystem  in  which  that  technology  functions.  at  each  stage,  not  only  are  new  features  and  services  added  to  the  growing  connected  car  product  portfolio,  but  also  new  ecosystem
__label__productinspection players  as  well  as,  in  many  cases,  new  business  models  and  supporting  technologies.  thats  why  the  best  way  to  fully  perceive  the  complexity  of  the  playing  field  is  to  use  the  past  as  prologue,  tracking  the  evolution  of  the  connected  car  from  its  earliest  stages  to  where  it  is  today  and  where  its  going.  figure  1  outlines  these  phases  of  evolution.  since  as  far  back  as  the  mid1960s,  automakers  have  looked  for  ways  to  enhance  the  driving  experience  with  information.  general  motors  driver  aid,  information  and  routing  dair  initiative  sought  to  provide  everything  from  directions  to  current  road  conditions  and
__label__productinspection accident  reports.  far  ahead  of  its  time,  dair  never  got  out  of  the  rd  stage,  mostly  because  the  technology  of  the  day  simply  wasnt  up  to  the  task.  punch  cards  provided  information  for  turnbyturn  directions;  radio  relay  stations  and  magnetic  sensors  buried  in  roads  communicated  additional  data.  for  such  a  system  to  be  useful,  it  would  have  required  ubiquitous  availabilityin  other  words,  deployment  on  roads  across  the  country  or,  at  least,  a  substantial  geographical  scaleat  the  time,  costprohibitive  and  commercially  unworkable,  which  is  why  we  classify  dair  as  phase  0,  a  connected  car  before  connections  truly  existed.  conceptually,  however,  we
__label__productinspection can  think  about  this  effort  in  terms  of  how  the  information  creates  value  and  therefore  assess  dair  in  those  terms.  the  information  value  loop  describes  the  stages  through  which  information  must  pass  to  create  value,  the  technologies  required  to  push  information  around  the  loop,  and  the  characteristics  of  the  data  that  drive  value  see  inset  on  page  5.  by  connecting  the  vehicle  with  inroad  sensors,  dair  created  and  communicated  information,  analyzing  it  to  provide  an  augmented  response  action  in  the  form  of  navigation  and  traffic  information.  in  closed  test  environments,  the  value  was  visible  as  information  completed  the  trip  around
__label__productinspection the  value  loop.  at  commercial  scale,  however,  the  cost  of  putting  the  expensive  sensor  technology  in  place  across  large  stretches  of  road  created  too  tight  a  bottleneck  for  dair  to  be  feasible.  it  did  not  help  that,  for  a  singlecompany  initiative,  there  was  no  larger  ecosystem  in  place  to  spread  the  costs  around.  even  for  the  gm  of  the  1960s,  dair  was  too  great  a  dare.  the  suite  of  technologies  that  enables  the  internet  of  things  promises  to  turn  most  any  object  into  a  source  of  information  about  that  object.  this  creates  both  a  new  way  to  differentiate  products  and
__label__productinspection services  and  a  new  source  of  value  that  can  be  managed  in  its  own  right.  realizing  the  iots  full  potential  motivates  a  framework  that  captures  the  series  and  sequence  of  activities  by  which  organizations  create  value  from  information:  the  information  value  loop.  for  information  to  complete  the  loop  and  create  value,  it  passes  through  the  loops  stages  ,  each  enabled  by  specific  technologies  .  an  act  is  monitored  by  a  sensor  that  creates  information,  that  information  passes  through  a  network  so  that  it  can  be  communicated  ,  and  standards  be  they  technical,  legal,  regulatory,  or  socialallow  that  information  to  be
__label__productinspection aggregated  across  time  and  space.  augmented  intelligence  is  a  generic  term  meant  to  capture  all  manner  of  analytical  support,  collectively  used  to  analyze  information.  the  loop  is  completed  via  augmented  behavior  technologies  that  either  enable  automated  autonomous  action  or  shape  human  decisions  in  a  manner  leading  to  improved  action.  getting  information  around  the  value  loop  allows  an  organization  to  create  value;  how  much  value  is  created  is  a  function  of  the  value  drivers  ,  which  capture  the  characteristics  of  the  information  that  makes  its  way  around  the  value  loop.  the  drivers  of  information  value  can  be  captured  and  sorted  into
__label__productinspection the  three  categories:  magnitude,  risk,  and  time  .  when  gps  technologies  were  opened  up  to  civilian  use  in  1996,  gm  announced  onstar  in  collaboration  with  eds  and  hughes  electronics.  as  originally  introduced,  every  connected  car  would  have  a  digital  communication  module  dcm,  essentially  a  phone  embedded  in  the  vehicle,  responsible  for  communicating  information  wirelessly  to  a  telematics  service  provider  tsp  or  the  automaker  itself.  in  a  breakthrough  we  categorize  as  phase  1,  this  connected  the  car  to  information  and  services  from  the  outside  world  to  enable  a  safer  and  easier  driving  experience.  onstars  success  is  clear  in  terms  of  its
__label__productinspection ability  to  effectively  push  the  right  kinds  of  information  around  the  value  loop.  for  example,  safety  services  leverage  sensors  embedded  in  the  vehicle  aggregating  information  that  the  car  creates  and  communicates  associated  with  safetyrelated  events  and  emergency  situations.  navigation  services  use  gps  technology  to  ascertain  the  autos  location.  analysis  of  the  information  enables  the  provider  to  use  augmentedbehavior  technologies  to  act  on  the  customers  behalffrom  dispatching  emergency  services  to  the  site  of  a  crashed  vehicle  to  providing  live  concierge  services  over  the  invehicle  phone.  the  timeliness,  reliability,  and  accuracy  of  information  are  the  most  critical  value  drivers,  due  to  the
__label__productinspection importance  of  rapid  response  in  emergency  situations  and  the  legal  implications  of  safety  failures.  the  automotive  ecosystem  was  becoming  more  than  just  the  car  and  its  maker.  unlike  the  closed  dair  ecosystem,  onstars  ecosystem  brought  in  two  new  players:  the  hardware  providers  and  tier  2  chip  providers  that  supplied  the  dcm  devices  and  the  tsps  that  provided  the  core  services.  the  new  hardware  providers,  operating  similarly  to  existing  tier  1  providers,  fit  within  existing  power  structures.  the  tsps,  however,  represented  an  important  shift:  automakers  introduction  of  embedded  safety  services  expanded  their  business  models  beyond  product  manufacturing  and  retail  into  service
__label__productinspection provision,  touchpoints  across  the  customer  lifecycle,  and  the  ability  to  collect  recurring  revenues.  the  communicate  stage  was  an  important  bottleneck  that  tsps  were  key  to  relieving.  as  a  result,  tsps  possessed  two  critical  pieces  of  value  in  the  partnership:  the  customer  data  related  to  the  services  provided  and  the  actual  interactions  with  customers  themselves.  after  a  century  of  carmakers  unquestioned  industry  dominance,  other  players  were  staking  a  claim  to  ownership  of  the  overall  relationship  with  the  customer.  but  the  potential  power  struggle  had  to  take  a  back  seat  to  the  fundamental  problem  of  consumer  adoption:  notwithstanding  industry  hype,  consumers  were
__label__productinspection slow  to  comprehend  the  new  services  being  offered  and  the  benefits  of  such  connectivity;  the  high  prices  of  these  services  proved  a  particularly  big  speed  bump.  even  just  the  two  data  points  provided  by  dair  and  onstar  illustrate  a  trend:  communicationbased  technologies  often  require  an  expanded  ecosystem  to  function  effectively  and  affordably,  appeal  to  customers,  and  offer  opportunities  to  generate  value.  but  while  enlarging  an  ecosystem  enables  a  given  value  loop  to  create  more  value,  it  poses  additional  challenges  for  the  players  involved  when  it  comes  to  capturing  that  value.  the  continued  evolution  of  the  connected  car  has  played  out
__label__productinspection according  to  these  same  rules.  by  the  mid2000s,  the  nearubiquity  of  mobile  phones  and  the  rapid  rise  of  smartphones  prompted  the  introduction  of  infotainment  applications  within  the  vehicle.  these  applications  were  built  on  a  drivers  broughtin  phone  using  a  phones  cellular  connection  to  stream  data  to  the  vehicle  via  bluetooth  rather  than  embedded  hardware  as  with  dair  or  onstar.  the  connected  capabilities  within  the  car  aimed  to  duplicate  entertainment  and  features  a  driver  could  get  elsewhere  at  home  or  on  their  phone  rather  than  providing  a  wholly  new  stream  of  featuresand  new  kinds  of  value.  even  so,  this  signaled  a
__label__productinspection new  phase:  a  shift  from  creating  value  through  technology  to  creating  value  through  information,  and  expansion  of  connectivity  to  better  integrate  with  the  customers  outofvehicle  life.  infotainment  services  introduced  two  new  categories  of  players  to  the  ecosystemsoftware  providers  and  thirdparty  content  and  app  providersand  consequently  set  off  an  important  shift  in  the  power  equation  in  the  industry,  even  as  players  within  these  categories  proliferated  and  the  silicon  valley  giants  began  to  make  their  presence  felt.  blackberrys  qnx,  google,  and  apple  all  released  proprietary  software  platforms  in  an  effort  to  establish  themselves  in  this  market.  as  access  to  content  has  increasingly
__label__productinspection shaped  customers  invehicle  experience,  who  owns  the  customers  experiencea  key  question  in  this  phasehas  grown  more  important.  in  other  words,  in  the  case  of  infotainment,  value  is  captured  by  those  who  can  aggregate  and  thus  controlthe  data  that  drivers  create  and  communicate  .  with  software  providers  taking  on  that  role,  automakers  saw  their  own  ability  to  capture  value  from  data  beginning  to  diminish.  the  entry  of  the  big  silicon  valley  firms  created  something  of  a  dilemma  for  the  carmakers:  the  mass  appeal  and  crossindustry  possibilities  of  googles  android  auto  and  apples  carplay  were  offset  by  the  fact  that,  in  such
__label__productinspection a  partnership,  both  players  are  competing  to  completely  own  the  customer  experience  and  customer  data.  no  surprise  that  automakerswhich  consider  the  customers  their  own  and  want  to  retain  control  over  the  center  stackfind  this  precedent  troubling.  automakers  fear  that,  should  they  lose  control  of  the  customer  to  software  providers,  cars  could  become  commodity  devices  secondary  to  the  software  they  run.  some  carmakers  have  chosen  to  instead  build  or  retain  their  own  proprietary  platforms,  or  to  limit  the  data  they  share  with  their  technology  partners.  others  are  exploring  innovative  ways  to  bridge  this  gap  and  collaborate  with  software  providers.  together  with
__label__productinspection another  major  automaker,  toyota  has  opted  for  an  open  platform  with  blackberrys  qnx  that  can  support  not  only  a  larger  number  of  apps  but  also  greater  freedom  for  userinterface  customization.  on  the  whole,  the  infotainment  era  renewed  interest  and  adoption  in  the  connected  car.  however,  monetization  of  services  continued  to  be  an  issueas  customers  grew  accustomed  to  accessing  music  and  other  entertainment  on  demand,  often  for  free,  they  resisted  paying  extra  for  those  services  in  their  cars.  for  several  years,  players  debated  whether  to  create  systems  around  embedded  or  broughtin  technology  and  services,  and  that  debate  drove  the  scope  of
__label__productinspection the  connectedcar  ecosystem  and  the  struggles  over  value  capture.  the  last  couple  of  years,  however,  have  seen  the  development  of  a  hybrid  model  that  combines  the  twoand  opens  the  door  to  the  introduction  of  a  host  of  applications  and  opportunities  for  value  capture.  hightech  innovation  from  outside  the  automotive  world  is  bleeding  into  it,  making  the  current  period  one  of  intense  activity  and  excitement,  with  many  new  entrants,  startups,  vc  investments,  and  ma  movements.  it  is  no  surprise,  though,  that  this  is  further  muddying  the  ecosystems  waters.  at  the  heart  of  these  hybrid  solutions  are  multiple  sensors  embedded  not  only
__label__productinspection in  the  vehicle  itself  but  in  all  manner  of  smart  devices  across  the  iot  landscapefrom  wearables  and  dedicated  shortrange  communications  devices  to  smarthome  gadgets  to  infrastructurethat  can  communicate  with  and  share  data  with  the  vehicle  through  what  is  being  called  v2x  integration.  the  breadth  of  devices  and  sensors  available  create  a  tremendous  scale  of  data  based  on  a  wide  scope  of  detected  events,  and  that  in  itself  is  responsible  for  much  of  the  value  being  seen  in  this  phase.  an  iot  system  can  communicate  the  generated  data  to  a  common  platform,  where  it  may  then  be  aggregated  with  data  originating
__label__productinspection from  other  sources,  including  thirdparty  content  and  social  media,  and  analyzed  ,  generating  a  response  that  is  then  delivered  through  the  vehicle  or  other  designated  output  device.  this  triangulation  of  data  coming  from  these  myriad  devices  is  where  the  greatest  value  lies:  firstly,  in  making  sense  of  the  data  to  paint  a  complete  picture  of  both  the  customers  behavior  and  the  surrounding  context  to  generate  insights,  and  secondly,  to  even  enable  this  aggregation  in  the  first  place  in  a  way  that  is  interoperable  across  devices  and  provides  a  comprehensive  and  cohesive  customer  experience.  a  platform  that  can  aggregate  and  analyze
__label__productinspection all  this  data  represents  a  complex  undertaking,  as  it  involves  cooperation  and  collaboration  between  multiple  stakeholders  from  multiple  industry  sectors.  the  aggregate  and  analyze  stages  are  the  real  bottlenecks  for  this  phase  of  connectivity,  and  this  is  what  positions  software  providers  at  the  center  of  value  creation  in  this  ecosystem,  since  they,  and  they  alone,  hold  the  wherewithal  to  deliver  such  a  platform.  it  should  be  noted  that  with  great  power  comes  great  responsibility.  the  increasing  scale  and  scope  of  data  from  the  vehicle  and  connected  devices  represents  a  tremendous  revenue  opportunity  for  the  players  that  own  and  control  this
__label__productinspection information,  but  it  raises  the  stakes  for  these  same  players  in  ensuring  that  the  data  remains  secure.  car  hacking  has  grown  as  a  concern  over  the  last  few  years,  with  several  digitalsecurity  studies  revealing  the  dangers  of  vehicle  security  breaches:  protected  personal  information  could  be  stolen;  hackers  could  potentially  even  seize  remote  control  of  a  vehicle,  with  dangerous  consequences.  in  light  of  such  possibilities,  the  players  that  own  and  operate  on  the  data  expose  themselves  to  significant  legal  liability,  an  additional  consideration  that  they  will  have  to  take  into  account  as  they  look  to  establish  their  positions  in  this  space.
__label__productinspection the  notion  of  adding  vehicles  to  the  everwidening  ecosystem  of  interconnected  devices  heralds  a  significant  shift:  the  treatment  of  the  vehicle  as  just  another  connected  devicealbeit  a  powerful  and  multifunctional  onein  a  significantly  expanded  ecosystem.  the  implications  for  the  balance  of  power  between  automakers  and  softwareplatform  providers  are  still  unfolding:  indeed,  software  providers  may  gradually  supplant  carmakers  as  the  center  of  the  ecosystem  and  the  owner  of  customer  data  and  experience.  naturally,  automakers  hope  to  retain  control  over  the  automotive  ecosystem;  they  continue  to  make  big  iot  investments  and  work  to  stake  a  claim  beyond  the  car.  one  automaker  has
__label__productinspection launched  a  series  of  25  experiments  worldwide  that  showcase  v2x  connectivity,  from  testing  out  electric  bikes  and  urbanmobility  options  to  datadriven  health  care  and  insurance,  as  well  as  carsharing,  3d  printing,  and  biomimicry.  mercedesbenz  also  cohosted  hack  with  the  best,  a  hackathon  to  develop  new  iot  and  wearable  concepts  for  the  companys  vehicles.  who  will  ultimately  sit  in  the  drivers  seat  remains  unclear;  for  now,  at  least,  there  are  several  pairs  of  hands  on  the  wheel.  the  same  cultural,  ecosystem,  and  technological  changes  that  affect  automakers  competitive  position  affect  manufacturing  considerations  and  processes  as  well.  indeed,  when  it  comes  to
__label__productinspection manufacturing,  many  foresee  the  auto  industrys  recent  challenges  persisting  for  the  foreseeable  future:  customers  opting  out  of  owning  .  for  many  customer  segments,  behavior  has  changed  dramatically  with  the  rise  of  carsharing  and  alternative  travel  methods,  making  car  ownership  less  appealing.  total  cost  of  ownership  has  also  increased,  pushing  customers  to  choose  less  expensive  new  cars  or  opt  for  used  vehicles  instead.  this  has  directly  impacted  carmakers  profitability,  and  this  trend  is  expected  to  continue;  for  the  companies,  customer  satisfaction  and  loyalty,  along  with  the  ability  to  convert  prospects,  are  increasingly  important.  faster  design  cycles  .  interaction  between  people  and
__label__productinspection devices  has  increased  massively  over  the  last  10  to  15  years,  and  the  connected  car  comes  with  tremendous  business  potential.  but  beyond  market  share,  the  implications  of  connectivity  extend  to  development.  rapid  advances  in  technology  have  forced  a  continuous  reduction  in  the  time  it  takes  to  bring  a  new  product  to  market:  while  mobiledevice  makers  typically  issue  annual  updates,  the  automotive  development  cycle  is  far  longerabout  six  to  seven  years,  with  a  market  lifecycle  of  seven  to  fifteen  years.  in  other  words,  cars  take  longer  to  develop  and  last  far  longer  than  the  software,  smartphones,  and  other  connected  technology  with
__label__productinspection which  they  need  to  work,  meaning  that  automakers  face  the  additional  challenge  of  ensuring  upgrades  can  be  accommodated,  so  connected  cars  dont  become  obsolete  long  before  consumers  are  ready  to  replace  them.  building  in  upgradability.  with  the  shorter  lifecycles  of  electronic  software  and  hardware,  consumers  increasingly  expect  that  their  cars  will  seamlessly  accommodate  the  latest  gadgets  and  automatically  update  them  whenever  needed.  today,  the  technology  exists  to  update  a  vehicles  features  by  delivering  a  software  upgrade  over  the  air,  but  this  system  requires  the  vehicle  to  have  processing  and  memory  capabilities  that  can  accommodate  for  scaling,  to  prevent  the  vehicle
__label__productinspection from  becoming  obsolete.  given  the  rate  of  technology  development,  this  can  pose  a  real  challenge.  with  these  challenges  in  mind,  carmakers  are  exploring  new  ways  to  reduce  overall  product  costs,  shorten  time  to  market,  build  in  greater  flexibility,  and  distinguish  their  vehicles  in  an  era  in  which  software  is  fast  becoming  as  key  a  differentiator  as  body  design  and  fuel  economy.  indeed,  several  automakers  have  begun  redesigning  the  productdevelopment  process  by  focusing  on  standard  components  and  technology.  the  ratio  of  standard  components  will  increase,  reducing  the  productdevelopment  process  per  car  for  example,  time  to  market  and  decreasing  production  costs.  automakers
__label__productinspection are  also  working  to  increase  production  flexibility  and  more  efficiently  leverage  production  capacities.  virtual  car  development,  integrated  production  planning,  data  integration,  and  extensive  data  analysis  will  also  further  streamline  the  process.  carmakers  can  also  leverage  the  data  generated  by  the  connected  car  and  apply  increasingly  sophisticated  analytics  capabilities  to  guide  their  internal  decision  processes,  from  better  understanding  and  predicting  customer  preferences  to  driving  design,  testing,  flexible  production  planning,  and  quality  assurance.  the  automotive  industry  already  has  a  long  history  of  leveraging  cuttingedge,  crossindustry  technologies  in  design  and  production,  from  digital  technology  to  augmented  reality  to  3d  printing.  smart  infrastructure  and
__label__productinspection wearables  integration  are  the  next  step.  automakers  will  continue  to  face  many  of  the  same  challenges  they  always  have:  managing  complexity  and  quality,  improving  flexibility  and  process  optimization,  conserving  resources,  and  ensuring  profitable  growth.  and  while  connectivity  and  mobility  will  change  automotive  business  modelsperhaps  dramaticallythey  can  also  support  many  traditional  functions  and  help  improve  companies  overall  competitiveness.  the  key  is  settling  on  the  right  strategy.  in  this  case,  as  always,  it  is  better  to  be  the  leader  than  the  follower.  even  as  v2x  ramps  up  and  an  increasing  number  of  wellresourced  and  wellpositioned  players  vie  for  dominance,  the  automotive  industry
__label__productinspection is  already  looking  ahead  to  the  next  phase  and  beyond:  the  autonomous  or  selfdriving  car.  automakers  and  software  providers  alike  are  pouring  in  rd  investments  into  selfdriving  technologies,  and  prototype  selfdriving  vehicles  are  already  on  the  road.  as  technology  obviates  human  drivers,  new  interior  designs  for  automobiles  will  create  space  and  opportunity  for  passengers  to  enjoy  greater  productivity  and  personalization  of  experiences,  while  passenger  data  create  everexpanding  sources  of  potential  value.  in  addition,  selfdriving  vehicles  may  encourage  a  further  shift  away  from  vehicles  as  owned  assetsa  selfdriving  uber  model,  so  to  speak.  many  observers  look  ahead  to  a  nottoodistant  future
__label__productinspection where  shared  vehicles  operate  autonomously,  rarely  crash,  and  provide  true  multimodal  transport  options.  some  foresee  enormous  benefits  from  this  transformation:  morgan  stanley  expects  full  automation  by  2022,  creating  1.3  trillion  in  value  in  the  united  states  alone.  the  benefits  will  be  accrued  by  businesses  across  a  gamut  of  sectors  even  outside  of  automotive:  cities,  governments,  and  municipalities;  customers  themselves;  and  society  at  large.  selfdriving  cars  require  multiple  connected  technologies  to  work:  gps  technologies  to  support  navigation  and  routing;  sensors  including  radar,  lidar,  highpowered  cameras,  sonar,  and  lasers  that  create  and  communicate  a  continuous,  threedimensional,  omnidirectional  view  of  a  vehicles  surroundings;
__label__productinspection sophisticated  software  that  analyzes  this  information,  including  artificial  intelligence  that  allows  for  selflearning  capabilities;  and  technologies  that  translate  the  information  collected  and  processed  into  action  ,  including  accelerating,  braking,  and  steering.  googles  selfdriving  car  project,  which  the  company  expects  to  be  commercial  by  2020,  exemplifies  all  of  these  capabilities.  google  began  by  retrofitting  a  toyota  prius  with  driverless  technology  and  has  moved  on  to  its  own  designed  prototype  vehicles,  with  neither  steering  wheel  nor  pedals.  the  car  is  driven  by  sensors  that  can  detect  objects  and  steer  around  them:  google  chauffeur  artificialintelligence  software  processes  the  sensed  information,  predicts  how  these
__label__productinspection objects  might  behave,  and  makes  decisions  on  how  the  car  should  respond.  the  cars  selflearning  capabilities  allow  it  to  identify,  respond  to,  and  learn  from  new  situations.  the  vehicles  functioning  is  based  on  its  ability  to  respond  instantly  to  stimuli  and  make  decisions  that  drive  the  right  response:  that  is,  the  timeliness  ,  accuracy  ,  and  frequency  of  communication  and  processing  of  the  information.  at  the  same  time,  with  little  direct  human  control  over  the  vehicle,  security  of  the  data  communicated  will  be  a  critical  value  driver.  and  as  connectivity  expands  and  the  vehicle  is  increasingly  integrated  into  a  broader
__label__productinspection ecosystem  of  other  devices  and  infrastructure,  still  other  capabilities  will  likely  arise,  such  as  smart  traffic  routing  of  selfdriving  vehicles,  aimed  at  improving  roadway  efficiency.  the  scope  of  the  technologies  involved  appears  to  imply,  as  it  has  in  the  past,  an  expansion  of  the  ecosystem  needed  to  enable  this  value  loop  and  a  consequent  further  shift  in  the  balance  of  power  among  the  relevant  players.  however,  the  potential  impacts  on  the  automotive  business  model  in  this  case  indicate  a  more  fundamental  and  widespread  transformation  of  the  industry  itself.  in  one  scenario,  the  power  lies  firmly  with  the  softwareplatform  providers,  and
__label__productinspection the  vehicle  is  just  a  conduit  that  acts  on  the  information  it  is  givenand  is  only  as  powerful  as  its  operating  system.  in  this  way,  it  becomes  little  different  than  a  smartphone  or  smart  thermostat,  chosen  less  for  its  own  merits  than  for  its  operating  system  and  its  compatibility  and  interoperability  with  other  connected  devices  that  run  on  the  same  platform.  here,  the  majority  of  value  is  captured  by  players  in  the  ecosystem  that  have  the  ability  to  use  information  generated  by  the  vehicle  and  its  surroundingsbut  none  more  so  than  the  software  providers  that  aggregate  all  of  that  data.
__label__productinspection many  analysts  predict  significant  impacts,  not  all  positive  for  automakers:  barclays  forecasts  that  shared  driverless  cars  entering  the  market  could  cut  total  u.s.  auto  sales  by  40  percent,  meaning  that  automakers  would  need  to  shrink  dramatically  to  survive.  automakers  must  make  very  deliberate  choices  today  about  the  role  they  would  play  and  how  they  would  work  within  this  ecosystem,  if  they  are  to  survive  in  such  a  future.  gm  believes  that  it  has  designers,  engineers,  and  scientists  who  are  working  at  the  cutting  edge,  and  were  confident  gm  will  be  very  successful.  essentially,  this  creates  a  vision  of  oems  not
__label__productinspection as  carmakers  but  as  tech  companies  that  solve  mobility  problems.  in  other  words,  rather  than  lose  their  longstanding  positions  to  software  providers,  automakers  are  themselves  making  a  brave  push  into  the  software  space,  to  ensure  they  can  maintain  more  control  over  their  vehiclesand  customersand  capture  iot  value  as  well.  if  you  cant  beat  them,  join  them?  only  time  will  tell  who  will  win  this  particular  power  strugglethe  tech  giants  trying  to  be  carmakers  or  the  automotive  giants  trying  to  be  tech  companies.  remember  when  a  customer  simply  wrote  a  check  and  drove  her  new  suv  off  the  lot?  those  days
__label__productinspection are  numbered,  as  connected  cars  suggest  ongoing  customer  relationships.  considering  that  increased  connectivity  is,  in  turn,  powered  by  increasingly  sophisticated  software  technologies,  automakers  may  look  to  software  revenue  models  for  ways  to  monetize.  for  example,  softwareasaservice  can  enable  payperuse  models  for  invehicle  services;  licensing  can  allow  for  tiered  services  based  on  a  customers  selected  level  of  service;  adsupported  content  can  subsidize  delivery  of  invehicle  services;  and  other  softwareindustry  concepts  can  be  leveraged  to  drive  invehicle  service  adoption.  similarly,  several  of  the  other  challenges  the  automotive  sector  faces  now  bear  closer  resemblance  tothose  faced  by  software  providers:  vehicle  security  and  customer
__label__productinspection privacy  may  go  handinhand  with  developments  in  software  and  mobiledevice  security;  the  regulatory  environment  may  more  closely  resemble  the  software  industry;  data  and  intellectualproperty  ownership  may  reside  primarily  in  the  hands  of  the  software  providers;  technical  governance  and  integration  may  reside  with  the  software  players  as  well;  and  so  on.  it  may  not  be  a  stretch,  in  fact,  to  reclassify  the  automotive  industry  of  the  future  as  a  softwaredriven  mobility  industry.  the  internet  of  things  enables  transformational  change,  and  there  is  no  question  that  the  automotive  sector  is  changing  extremely  rapidly.  iotrelated  technologies  will  draw  the  map  for  the  industry
__label__productinspection to  follow,  and  the  connected  car  will  play  a  major  role  on  the  roads  and  in  the  economy  of  the  future.  the  power  struggle  between  automakers  and  software  developers  is  a  symptom  of  the  ongoing  transformation,  like  birth  pangs  as  the  industry  reinvents  itself.  we  are  moving  from  an  age  of  products  to  an  age  of  services  and  experiences,  from  hardware  to  software,  from  functionality  to  information  as  the  key  object  of  value  creation,  and  from  industry  silos  to  intricately  connected  ecosystems  and  value  loops.  it  is  no  surprise  that  carmakers  find  themselves  navigating  new  terrain  within  an  everexpanding  ecosystem
__label__productinspection of  players,  all  of  which  are  trying  to  capture  value,  and  where  players  that  control  the  aggregation  and  analysis  of  this  informationthe  software  providerssteadily  gain  ground.  as  automakers  consider  their  place  in  this  changing  industry,  they  can  consider  several  approaches  to  strengthening  their  position:  the  road  ahead  for  the  industry  is  open  and  lined  with  opportunity.  its  time  to  shift  into  high  gear.  deloittes  internet  of  things  practice  enables  organizations  to  identify  where  the  iot  can  potentially  create  value  in  their  industry  and  develop  strategies  to  capture  that  value,  utilizing  iot  for  operational  benefit.  to  learn  more  about  deloittes  iot
__label__productinspection practice,  visit  .  read  more  of  our  research  and  thought  leadership  on  the  iot  at  .  written  by:  ,  ,  ,  deloitte  review  deloitte  review  advertising  age  extremetech  pcmag  reuters  wired  computerworld  automotive  megatrends  magazine  harvard  business  review  slate  wired  ndtv  gadgets  industryweek  time  international  business  times  bloomberg  business  fortune  share  article  highlights  see  something  interesting?  simply  select  text  and  choose  how  to  share  it:  has  been  added  to  your  bookmarks.  has  been  removed  from  your  bookmarks.  an  article  titled  already  exists  in  the  bookmark  library  or  social  login  not  available  on  microsoft  edge  browser  at  this  time.  connect  your
__label__productinspection social  accounts  or  services  industries  careers  2019.  see  for  more  information.  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  deloitte  touche  tohmatsu  limited,  a  uk  private  company  limited  by  guarantee  dttl,  its  network  of  member  firms,  and  their  related  entities.  dttl  and  each  of  its  member  firms  are  legally  separate  and  independent  entities.  dttl  also  referred  to  as  deloitte  global  does  not  provide  services  to  clients.  in  the  united  states,  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  the  us  member  firms  of  dttl,  their  related  entities  that  operate  using  the  deloitte  name  in  the  united  states  and  their  respective  affiliates.  certain
__label__productinspection the  term  automotive  iot  refers  to  embedding  iot  technologies  into  automotive  systems  to  create  new  applications  and  solutions  which  can  make  vehicles  smarter  and  more  intelligent,  facilitating  safe,  efficient  and  comfortable  driving.  iot  technologies  are  used  in  the  automotive  sector  to  create  innovative  and  advanced  solutions,  including  connected  car  solutions,  advanced  driverassistance  systems  adas,  invehicle  infotainment  systems,  navigation  telematics  solutions,  predictive  maintenance  solutions,  vehicletovehicle  v2v  applications,  vehicle  to  infrastructure  v2i  applications,  and  vehicle  to  everything  v2x  communication  applications.  adas  advanced  driverassistance  systems  is  an  umbrella  term  used  for  various  types  of  active  safety  systems  in  vehicles  which  allow  drivers  to
__label__productinspection take  timely  control  of  the  vehicle  by  alerting  them  of  potential  hazards  on  the  road.  adas  systems  scan  the  surroundings  of  the  vehicle  using  vision,  radar  and  lidarbased  invehicle  systems  and  provide  assistance  to  the  driver  for  a  safer  and  more  comfortable  driving  experience.  some  key  adas  features  include  adaptive  cruise  control  acc,  lane  departure  warning  systems,  collision  warning  systems,  blind  spotdetection  systems,  night  vision  systems,  and  parking  assistance  systems.  adas  systems  can  be  classified  into  three  main  categories  based  on  the  technologies  they  use:  iot  is  the  main  driver  of  modern  invehicle  infotainment  systems.  iot  enables  infotainment  systems  to
__label__productinspection be  connected  with  other  invehicle  systems,  and  also  with  external  devices  for  internet  connectivity.  iotenabled  infotainment  systems  are  capable  of  providing  information  on  navigation  and  telematics.  they  also  provide  a  range  of  entertainment  options  and  support  connectivity  with  smartphones.  androidbased  infotainment  systems,  supported  and  encouraged  by  google,  are  ready  to  transform  the  market.  such  infotainment  systems  will  support  a  range  of  apps,  including  google  maps,  google  assistant  and  several  apps  from  the  play  store.  platforms  for  automotive  provide  connectivity  to  invehicle  sensors,  helping  to  generate  and  deliver  preventive  and  predictive  maintenance  alerts  to  the  driver.  invehicle  sensors  keep  track  of
__label__productinspection the  vehicles  functional  metrics  such  as  acceleration,  tire  pressure,  engine  temperature,  fuel  level,  engineoil,  brake  fluid  level,  emissions,  and  more,  and  notify  the  driver  of  any  of  the  probable  issues  in  advance.  telematics  is  a  technology  supported  by  telecommunication  and  it  systems,  used  to  monitor  and  track  a  vehicles  location,  movements  and  other  vehicle  diagnostics  details.  automotive  telematics  systems  can  track  real  time  details  of  the  vehicle  like  speed  and  idling,  fuel  usage,  tire  pressure,  vehicle  breakdown  etc.  telematics  systems  supported  by  iot  technologies  are  transforming  fleet  management  and  vehicle  transportation  industry  by  enabling  more  accurate  and  indepth  tracking  of
__label__productinspection vehicles.  iot  technologies  integrated  with  telematics  systems  enhance  business  processes  by  managing  interconnectivity  between  invehicle  devices,  cloud  architecture,  and  the  systems  located  in  fleet  management  companies  to  record,  and  interact  with  vehicles  intransit,  in  real  time.  empower  telematics  systems  to  easily  customize  its  services  as  per  industry  requirement  and  the  nature  of  the  business.  three  types  of  telematics  solutions  are  available  in  the  market:  telematics  systems  are  very  useful  in  tracking  fleet  operations.  some  of  the  advantages  of  telematics  systems  in  fleet  management  are  as  follows:  invehicle  infotainment  systems  provide  information  and  entertainment  in  a  vehicle,  which  includes  music  streaming,
__label__productinspection phone  to  infotainment  system  connectivity,  navigation,  video  player,  incar  internet,  hands  free  calling,  etc.  on  the  other  hand,  telematics  strictly  adheres  to  informatics  and  does  not  support  entertainment  features  in  the  vehicle.  telematics  systems  and  their  applications  are  mostly  designed  to  serve  a  commercial  objective  through  the  vehicle,  like  fleet  tracking  solutions,  navigations,  telematics  for  insurance,  twoway  communication  to  send  onboard  vehicular  data,  vehicle  diagnostics  and  maintenance  notifications,  sending  alerts  in  case  of  vehicle  collision,  etc.  latest  in  vehicle  infotainment  system  comprises  of  integrated  headsup  unit  to  display  vehicles  real  time  information  like  navigation,  speed,  multimedia  etc.  it  also  has
__label__productinspection head  unit  a  centralized  control  center  for  the  system,  operating  systems  like  android,  linux,  wnx,  windows,  to  support  connectivity  and  functions,  powerful  dsps,  and  gpus  to  assist  information  display  in  multiple  screens  simultaneously,  canbus,  digital  instrument  cluster  to  display  speedometer,  rpm,  odometer  digitally.  some  of  the  highend  features  of  modern  invehicle  infotainment  systems  are  highresolution  touch  screen  up  to  20  inches  wide,  smartphone  pairing  using  bluetooth  connectivity,  and  digital  tuners  for  radio,  multimedia  support  through  aux  cable,  bluetooth,  usb,  and  hdmi  cable.  android  auto  and  apple  car  play  with  advanced  vehicular  functions  like  parking  assistance,  voice  assistants  are  also  key
__label__productinspection features  of  infotainment  systems.  overthe  air  software  updates  is  one  of  the  trending  automotive  connectivity  solutions.  it  keeps  vehicle  uptodate  with  regular  updates  to  its  firmware  and  software  and  remotely  fix  faulty  software.  ota  updates  supported  by  iot  cloud  connectivity  are  helpful  in  updating  latest  files  to  assist  applications  like  infotainment,  telematics,  adas  systems,  ecus,  and  more.  automotive  surround  view  system  provides  better  visibility  and  orientation  360degrees  around  the  vehicle,  and  helps  in  mitigating  collisions,  and  other  vehicle  damages  during  lane  change,  parking,  and  maneuvering.  it  consists  of  four  fish  eyed  cameras  installed  in  rear,  front  and  both  sides  of
__label__productinspection the  vehicle  and  provides  2d  birds  eye  view  and  3d  representation  of  vehicles  surroundings.  human  machine  interface  in  automotive  can  be  considered  as  information  exchange  and  communication  channel  between  driver/  passengers  and  the  vehicle  which  connects  them  with  the  outside  world.  automotive  hmi  solutions  is  a  key  to  emerging  autonomous  vehicle  trends,  which  ensures  integration  of  infotainment  systems  with  adas,  v2v,  v2i  and  v2x  connectivity  solutions.  automotive  engineering  services  solutions  einfochips,  as  an  ,  assists  automotive  companies  in  vehicular  electronics,  embedded  systems  development,  software  development,  and  cloud  connectivity  for  connected  cars.  some  of  the  automotive  solutions  offered  by  einfochips  include:
__label__productinspection 07  apr  2016  when  weconsider  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  the  automobile  market,  most  of  us  will  think  about  the  connected  car  or  the  google  car.  today,  these  benefits  are  consumer  orientated  and  provide  basic  convenience,  maintenance  and  safety  functions.  in  the  future,  especially  with  the  ongoing  development  and  testing  of  the  selfdriving  google  car,  our  entire  experience  with  how  we  interact  with  our  cars  will  be  revolutionized.  someday,  we  may  just  all  be  passengers  where  vehicles  communicate  with  one  another,  to  maximize  safety  and  optimize  efficiency  to  get  us  from  point  a  to  point  b.  if  we  then
__label__productinspection mention  security,  the  60  minutes  piece  that  aired  in  2015  about  most  likely  will  be  top  of  mind.  was  it  sensational?  sure,  but  it  did  highlight  a  potential  critical  flawand  security  vulnerability  that  resulted  in  1.4  million  vehicles  being  recalled.  additionally,  car  manufacturers  are  increasingly  marketing  their  connected  features  from  onboard  wifi,  to  mobile  apps  that  control  the  locks  and  even  start  vehicles.  in  these  cases,  the  novelty  of  these  cool  features  often  outweigh  the  negative  impacts.so  what  happens  when  the  consumers  phone  is  stolen?  are  thereappropriate  security  and  authentication  measures  in  place  to  ensure  their  car  is  then  not
__label__productinspection stolen  as  well?  these  are  all  things  to  think  about.  should  we  as  consumers  be  concerned?  maybe,  maybe  not,  as  it  may  still  be  too  early  for  these  issues  to  turn  into  an  epidemic.  however,  we  should  start  becoming  more  aware  of  these  connected  features  and  how  they  can  impact  us,  both  positively  and  negatively.  security  will  need  to  be  addressed  especially  as  more  vehicles  offer  internetconnected  features.  our  safety  and  the  privacy  of  our  personal  information  and  property  will  depend  upon  it.  for  now,the  peoplewho  should  be  really  concerned  about  these  vulnerabilities  are  the  auto  manufacturers.  negative  highprofile  news
__label__productinspection like  the  60  minutes  piece  can  be  quite  damaging  to  their  brands  and  reputation.  additionally,  these  vulnerabilities  put  consumer  safety  at  risk  and  significantly  drive  the  cost  of  warranty  replacements  up  when  repairs  are  needed  on  potentially  more  than  a  million  vehicles.  nobody  wants  to  be  associated  with  a  story  such  as  that  and  have  to  deal  with  expensive  reputation  repair  and  resulting  financial  losses.  fiat  chrysler  has  had  to  do  a  lot  of  damage  control,  including  an  extensive  and  costly  recall  of  their  vehicles.  now,  if  something  tragic  had  resulted  from  this,  the  damage  could  have  been  unrepairable  and
__label__productinspection affected  whether  the  manufacturer  would  be  able  to  stay  in  business  or  not.  the  good  news  is  that  the  auto  industry  does  recognize  this  and  cybersecurityis  now  being  addressed  by  the  ,  an  association  of  12  vehicle  manufacturers  including  bmw,  fiat  chrysler,  ford,  gm,  jaguar  land  rover,  mazda,  mercedesbez,  mitsubishi,  porsche,  toyota,  vw  and  volvo.  but,  issues  like  this  may  just  be  the  tip  of  the  iceberg  of  security  concerns  for  car  manufacturers.  while  hacking  a  vehicle  and  taking  control  over  some  of  its  functions  gets  the  media  attention,  what  happens  during  the  engineering  and  manufacturing  stages  could  be  the
__label__productinspection most  critical.  here  are  a  couple  of  examples  the  automobile  manufacturing  process  needs  to  be  very  precise  and  meet  the  highest  quality  standards  to  put  a  car  on  the  road.  the  safety  of  everyone  on  the  road  depends  upon  the  quality  of  vehicles  being  manufactured  and  sold.  the  manufacturing  process  is  now  very  automated  almost  fully.  to  further  optimize  the  process,  manufacturing  facilities  and  the  equipment  are  being  interconnected  to  share  and  analyze  important  data.  this  is  industrial  iot  iiot.  what  can  be  done  with  this  data  can  be  very  powerful  and  potentially  save  manufacturers  millions  of  dollars.  however,  connecting
__label__productinspection this  equipment  does  open  new  vulnerabilities,  which  can  put  the  manufacturer,  its  employees  and  consumers  at  risk.  if  a  malicious  attack  is  successful  at  compromising  a  piece  of  manufacturing  equipment  or  software  service,  serious  issues  can  occur.  if  a  hacker  is  able  to  gain  access  to  a  sensor  that  monitors  the  operating  temperature  of  a  piece  of  manufacturing  equipment,  how  could  that  potentially  affect  the  safety  of  the  employees?  now,  what  if  an  attack  is  successful  at  making  a  simple  modification  to  the  software  that  instructs  a  piece  equipment  as  to  how  many  bolts  it  installs  to  brace  the  framing
__label__productinspection of  the  car  in  the  assembly  process?  how  would  that  impact  the  safety  of  the  consumer?  its  these  behindthescenes  iiot  security  scenarios  that  must  be  addressed  before  they  become  the  next  sensational  news  story.  now  that  cars  have  basically  become  computer  processors  on  wheels,  there  is  a  significant  amount  of  software  and  firmware  on  board  that  controls  many  of  the  vehicles  functions.  the  initial  install  of  this  software  and  firmware  iscarried  outduring  the  manufacturing  process  and  generallyconducted  in  a  controlled  environment.  however,  as  the  vehicle  hits  the  road  and  ages,  its  inevitable  that  there  will  be  software  and  firmware  upgrades.
__label__productinspection these  upgrades  could  be  performed  by  certified  dealers  or  any  mechanic  that  has  access  to  the  vehicle.  how  do  you  know  that  right  software  or  firmware  is  being  installed  in  your  car?  you  probably  have  no  clue  and  your  mechanic  may  not  know  either.  however,  if  the  software/firmware  was  signed,  the  integrity  can  be  validated  and  ensure  that  only  the  proper  updates  are  made  and  malicious  software,  or  firmware  is  not  installed  in  your  vehicle.  for  more  information  on  securing  the  internet  of  things,  share  this  post  view  connect  with  us  globalsign  respects  your  right  to  privacy.  this  privacy  policy
__label__productinspection has  been  developed  to  inform  you  about  the  privacy  practices  followed  by  globalsign  in  connection  with  its  websites,  products  and  services.  this  privacy  policy  does  not  apply  to  globalsign  services  offered  by  or  through  our  partners,  resellers  or  other  third  parties,  or  other  third  party  services  or  websites,  and  we  encourage  you  to  read  the  privacy  policies  of  those  parties.  this  privacy  policy  will  inform  you  about  what  data  is  collected,  how  we  use  such  data,  where  data  is  processed,  how  you  may  opt  out  of  your  data  being  used,  the  security  provisions  around  storing  your  data  and  how  to
__label__productinspection correct,  update  or  delete  your  data.  the  data  controller  for  personal  data  collected  within  the  eu  is  gmo  globalsign,  ltd.,  having  its  registered  offices  at  springfield  house,  sandling  road,  maidstone,  kent,  me14  2lp,  united  kingdom.  all  questions  or  requests  regarding  the  processing  of  data  may  be  addressed  to:  .  we  collect  information  from  you  when  you  i  place  an  order  for  a  globalsign  digital  certificate  product  or  other  product  or  service,  ii  scan  your  servers  for  digital  certificates  using  our  certificate  inventory  tool  cit,  iii  apply  for  access  to  our  managed  service  platforms,  iv  subscribe  to  our  newsletter,  v  use
__label__productinspection our  online  chat  service,  vi  download  a  white  paper,  vii  register  for  a  webinar,  viii  respond  to  a  survey,  ix  fill  out  a  form  for  pre/post  sales  assistance,  x  open  a  support  ticket,  or  xi  your  use  of  social  media.  globalsign  is  a  certification  authority  and  trusted  third  party.  to  fulfill  requests  for  digital  certificates  or  other  products  or  services,  you  may  be  asked  to  enter  your  name,  email  address,  physical  address,  phone  number,  credit  card  information  and/or  organizational  details  or  other  personal  information.  we  may  develop  and  acquire  additional  information  about  you  using  thirdparty  public  and  private  data  sources
__label__productinspection such  as  third  party  databases  and  government  agencies,  as  well  as  your  browsing  and  purchasing  history  in  order  to  process  orders  for  certificates  and  to  improve  our  services.  globalsign  treats  personal  information  as  confidential,  except  for  the  information  included  in  an  issued  digital  certificate.  such  information  may  be  verified  using  third  party  commercial  and  government  resources,  and  as  such,  is  deemed  to  be  public  information.  your  personal  data  will  be  used  for  the  purposes  specified  below:  your  information  is  used  to  provide  our  products  and  services  and  order  processing  as  well  as  to  conduct  business  transactions  such  as  billing.  your
__label__productinspection information  helps  us  to  more  effectively  respond  to  your  pre/post  sales  requests  and  provide  technical  support.  the  email  address  you  provide  for  order  processing  may  be  used  to  send  you  renewal  notices  for  your  expiring  digital  certificate.  in  addition,  subject  to  your  consent  where  required,  we  may  send  you  new  service  updates,  security  updates,  related  product  or  service  information,  and  status  updates  on  maintenance  windows  or  service  availability.  subject  to  your  consent  where  required,  we  may  send  you  periodic  company  newsletters,  information  about  our  products  and  services  that  may  be  of  interest  to  you  based  on  your  use  of  other
__label__productinspection globalsign  products  and  services,  your  attendance  at  globalsign  sponsored  marketing  events  such  as  webinars,  your  requests  for  information  about  similar  products  and  services,  or  your  sharing  of  data  with  social  media  sites  such  as  linkedin  or  facebook.  we  will  process  your  data  for  the  purpose  of  performance  of  our  contract  with  you  or  the  legitimate  interest  of  globalsign,  which  are  our  usual  business  activities.  in  other  cases,  we  will  request  your  consent  for  the  processing  of  the  personal  data  you  may  submit.  your  refusal  to  provide  personal  data  to  us  for  certain  products  and  services  may  hinder  us  from  fulfilling
__label__productinspection your  order  for  those  products  or  services.  also,  if  you  deny  or  withdraw  your  consent  to  use  personal  data  or  opt  out  of  receiving  information  about  globalsign  products  and  services  this  may  result  in  you  not  being  made  aware  of  renewal  notices,  periodic  company  newsletters,  new  service  updates,  security  updates,  related  product  or  service  information,  and  status  updates  on  maintenance  windows  or  service  availability.  see  section  10  below  for  how  to  withdraw  your  consent.  the  globalsign  certificate  center  gcc  uses  cookies  to  enable  the  fulfillment  of  services.  cookies  may  be  used  when  you  log  into  the  gcc,  purchase  products  or
__label__productinspection use  certain  gcc  functions.  in  addition,  like  most  online  businesses,  globalsign  uses  cookies  and  web  beacons  on  our  websites  and  through  marketing  related  emails  to  gather  and  analyze  some  personal  data  such  as  the  visitors  ip  address,  browser  type,  isp,  referring  page,  operating  system,  date/time  and  basic  geographical  information.  we  use  cookies  and  web  beacons  to  compile  aggregate  data  about  site  traffic  and  site  interaction  so  that  we  can  gauge  the  effectiveness  of  our  communications  and  offer  better  site  experiences  and  tools  in  the  future.  we  may  contract  with  thirdparty  service  providers  to  assist  us  in  better  understanding  our  site
__label__productinspection visitors.  these  service  providers  are  not  permitted  to  use  the  information  collected  on  our  behalf  except  to  help  us  conduct  and  improve  our  business.  first  time  visitors  may  choose  to  not  have  any  activity  monitoring  cookies  set  in  their  browser.  we  use  an  optout  identification  cookie  to  tag  these  users  as  having  made  this  decision.  those  cookies  that  pertain  to  site  performance,  experience  improvement  and  marketing  are  programmed  not  to  execute  when  an  optout  cookie  is  present  in  a  visitors  browser.  optout  cookies  persist  until  a  visitor  clears  their  browser  cookies,  or  until  their  expiration  one  year  after  the  set
__label__productinspection date.  a  visitor  is  required  to  opt  out  again  after  one  year  in  order  to  disable  any  activity  monitoring  cookies.  more  details  of  globalsigns  use  of  cookies  can  be  found  on  our  website  at  our  servers  automatically  record  information  application  log  data  created  by  your  use  of  our  services.  application  log  data  may  include  information  such  as  your  ip  address,  browser  type,  operating  system,  the  referring  web  page,  pages  visited,  location,  your  mobile  carrier,  device  and  application  ids,  search  terms,  and  cookie  information.  we  use  this  information  to  diagnose  and  improve  our  services.  except  as  stated  in  section  8  data
__label__productinspection retention,  we  will  either  delete  the  application  log  data  or  remove  any  account  identifiers,  such  as  your  username,  full  ip  address,  or  email  address,  after  12  months.  we  do  not  sell  or  trade  your  personal  information  to  outside  parties.  within  globalsign:  globalsign  is  a  global  organization  with  business  processes  and  technical  systems  in  various  countries.  as  such,  we  may  share  information  about  you  within  our  group  company  and  transfer  it  to  countries  in  the  world  where  we  do  business  in  connection  with  the  uses  identified  in  section  3  above  and  in  accordance  with  this  privacy  policy.  in  cases  where  your
__label__productinspection personal  data  is  transferred  to  countries  that  do  not  provide  an  adequate  level  of  protection  according  to  the  european  commission  adequacy  decision,  we  ensure  your  data  is  protected  by  entering  into  agreements  containing  standard  contractual  clauses  approved  by  the  european  commission  with  each  of  our  group  companies.  a  copy  of  these  agreements  may  be  obtained  by  contacting  us  as  outlined  in  section  15  below.  third  parties:  we  may  also  transfer  your  personal  data  to  trusted  third  parties  and  our  partners  in  order  to  serve  purposes  that  are  specified  in  section  3  above.  globalsign  uses  a  third  party  to  process  credit
__label__productinspection card  payments  and  provides  credit  card  numbers  and  identifying  financial  data  directly  to  the  third  party  credit  card  processor.  in  circumstances  where  data  is  shared  with  such  third  parties,  they  are  required  to  comply  with  confidentiality  terms  included  in  our  data  processing  agreements.  this  prohibits  such  third  parties  from  selling,  trading,  using,  marketing  or  otherwise  distributing  globalsign  customer  data.  as  required  by  law:  we  may  also  release  your  information  when  we  believe  release  is  appropriate  to  comply  with  the  law  or  protect  our  rights,  property,  or  safety.  it  is  our  policy  to  notify  customers  of  requests  for  their  data  from
__label__productinspection law  enforcement  unless  we  are  prohibited  from  doing  so  by  statute  or  court  order.  law  enforcement  officials  who  believe  that  notification  would  jeopardize  an  investigation  should  obtain  an  appropriate  court  order  or  other  process  that  specifically  precludes  member  notification,  such  as  an  order  issued  pursuant  to  18  u.s.c.  2705b.  mergers  acquisitions:  we  may  also  disclose  your  personal  information  to  third  parties  who  may  take  over  the  operation  of  our  site  or  who  may  purchase  any  or  all  of  our  assets,  including  your  personal  information.  we  will  contact  you  using  the  details  you  provide  if  there  is  any  change  in  the
__label__productinspection person  controlling  your  information.  the  third  parties,  subsidiaries  and  affiliates  to  which  your  personal  information  can  be  disclosed  may  be  located  throughout  the  world.  therefore,  information  may  be  sent  to  countries  having  different  privacy  protection  standards  than  your  country  of  residence.  in  such  cases,  we  take  measures  to  ensure  that  your  personal  information  receives  an  adequate  level  of  protection,  which  includes  the  eu  standard  contractual  clauses  to  protect  your  personal  information.  the  personal  information  we  collect  is  retained  for  no  longer  than  necessary  to  fulfil  the  stated  purposes  in  section  2  above  or  for  a  period  specifically  required  by  law
__label__productinspection or  regulation  that  globalsign  is  obligated  to  follow.  to  meet  public  ca  audit  requirements  as  detailed  in  the  globalsign  certification  practice  statement,  personal  data  used  to  fulfill  verification  of  certain  types  of  digital  certificate  applications  will  be  retained  for  a  minimum  of  10  years  depending  on  the  class  of  product  or  service  and  may  be  retained  in  either  a  physical  or  electronic  format.  please  refer  to  the  globalsign  certification  practice  statement  for  full  details.  after  the  retention  period  is  over,  globalsign  securely  disposes  or  anonymizes  your  personal  information  in  order  to  prevent  loss,  theft,  misuse,  or  unauthorized  access.  if  at
__label__productinspection any  time  you  would  like  to  unsubscribe  from  receiving  future  emails,  we  include  unsubscribe  instructions  at  the  bottom  of  each  email.  renewal  notices  may  be  cancelled  on  a  per  digital  certificate  basis  by  logging  into  your  globalsign  certificate  center  gcc  account  and  disabling  renewal  notices.  email  preferences  for  cit  related/collected  information  can  be  updated  and  changed  within  cit.  if  globalsign  is  processing  your  personal  data  based  on  your  consent,  you  may  withdraw  your  consent  at  any  time  via  the  globalsign  preference  centre  at  or  by  contacting  us  at  one  of  the  addresses  shown  in  section  15  below.  you  are  responsible
__label__productinspection for  providing  globalsign  with  true,  accurate,  current  and  complete  personal  information.  also,  you  are  responsible  to  maintain  and  promptly  update  the  information  to  keep  it  true,  accurate,  current  and  complete.  you  have  the  right  to  access  and  modify  your  personal  data  stored  on  globalsign  systems.  you  can  exercise  your  rights  by  contacting  us  in  writing.  we  will  require  you  to  provide  identification  in  order  to  verify  the  authenticity  as  the  data  subject.  we  will  make  reasonable  efforts  to  respond  to  and  process  your  request  as  required  by  law.  to  the  extent  of  applicable  law,  you  may  have  the  right  to
__label__productinspection request  erasure  of  your  personal  information,  restriction  of  processing  as  it  applies  to  you,  object  to  processing  and  the  right  to  data  portability.  you  may  also  have  the  right  to  lodge  a  complaint  with  a  supervisory  authority.  if  you  provide  any  information  that  is  untrue,  inaccurate,  not  current  or  incomplete,  or  if  we  have  reasonable  grounds  to  suspect  that  such  information  is  untrue,  inaccurate,  not  current  or  incomplete,  we  have  the  right  to  suspend  or  terminate  your  account  and  refuse  any  and  all  current  or  future  services.  we  implement  a  variety  of  security  measures  to  maintain  the  safety  of  your
__label__productinspection personal  information  when  you  place  an  order  or  enter,  submit,  or  access  your  personal  information.  all  supplied  sensitive/credit  information  is  transmitted  via  secure  socket  layer  ssl.  after  a  transaction,  your  transactionrelated  information  will  be  kept  on  file  to  meet  audit  requirements  and  facilitate  renewals.  we  do  not  retain  any  credit  card  details.  globalsign  commits  itself  to  protect  the  personal  information  submitted  by  applicants  and  subscribers  for  its  public  certification  services.  globalsign  declares  to  fully  respect  all  rights  established  and  laid  out  in  european  union  and  member  states  laws  and  regulations:  if  we  make  material  changes  to  our  privacy  policy,  we
__label__productinspection will  inform  customers  by  emailing  a  notice  of  the  availability  of  a  new  version  with  a  link  to  the  new  version.  if  you  have  any  inquires,  or  questions  regarding  our  privacy  policy,  please  contact  us  at:  if  we  make  material  changes  to  our  privacy  policy,  we  will  inform  customers  by  emailing  a  notice  of  the  availability  of  a  new  version  with  a  link  to  the  new  version.  if  you  have  any  inquires,  or  questions  regarding  our  privacy  policy,  please  contact  us  at:  or  deputy  data  protection  officer  gmo  globalsign,  ltd.  springfield  house  sandling  road  maidstone,  kent  me  14  2lp  united
__label__productinspection kingdom  dpoglobalsign.com  gmo  globalsign  k.k.,  tokyo,  japan  gmo  globalsign  ltd.,  maidstone,  kent,  uk  gmo  globalsign  n/v,  leuven,  belgium  gmo  globalsign,  inc.,  portsmouth,  nh,  usa  gmo  globalsign  russia  llc  ,  moskva,  russia  gmo  globalsign  pte.  ltd,  anson,  singapore  gmo  globalsign  certificate  services  pvt.  ltd.,  delhi,  india  globalsign  china  co.,  ltd.,  shanghai,  china  gmo  globalsign  inc.,  manila,  philippines  globalsign  is  the  leading  provider  of  trusted  identity  and  security  solutions  enabling  businesses,  large  enterprises,  cloud  service  providers  and  iot  innovators  around  the  world  to  secure  online  communications,  manage  millions  of  verified  digital  identities  and  automate  authentication  and  encryption.  its  highscale  public  key  infrastructure
__label__productinspection from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__productinspection using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__productinspection assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  provides  managed  solutions  for  companies  whose  fleets  move  between  multiple  suppliers,  customers  and  manufacturers.  by  using  the  internet  of  things  iot,  our  managed  fleet  tracking  solutions  wirelessly  track  vehicles  virtually  anywhere  in  the  world.  in  a  world  of  increasingly
__label__productinspection complex  and  globalized  logistics,  the  ability  to  accurately  track  your  assets  is  a  significant  competitive  advantage.  especially  when  you  consider  that  companies  are  losing  2.4  billion  dollars  to  cargo  loss  or  damage  and  more  than  30  billion  dollars  to  theft  every  year.  by  deploying  an  iot  enabled  asset  tracking  solution,  you  gain  global  visibility  of  assets  wherever  they  are  in  realtime,  improving  efficiency,  eliminating  delays,  reducing  operational  costs,  and  preventing  theft,  loss,  and  vandalism.  asset  tracking  has  many  realworld  applications  including:  no  matter  which  assets  you  want  to  track  or  whether  youd  like  to  build  or  buy,  sierra  wireless  has
__label__productinspection you  covered.  with  our  broad  portfolio,  we  can  help  you  stay  connected  to  your  highvalue  assets  in  realtime  no  matter  what  your  unique  business  needs  are.  our  devicetocloud  asset  tracking  capabilities  with  modules,  gateways,  connectivity,  and  iot  platform  integration  means  we  can  build  a  customized  solution  tailored  specifically  to  your  needs.  if  you  need  to  start  tracking  your  assets  fast,  we  have  a  variety  of  prepackaged,  managed  solutions  that  are  both  costeffective  and  turnkey  for  small  and  medium  businesses  with  limited  resources.  get  ready  to  build  or  buy  your  asset  tracking  solution.  start  with  sierra  today.  for  years,  fleet  tracking
__label__productinspection and  management  solutions  have  helped  companies  to  make  commercial  trucks  and  cars  safer  and  more  efficient.  today,  growing  commercial  and  regulatory  pressures  are  introducing  new  standards  that  require  fleet  owners  to  do  even  more.  simple  tachometers  that  report  basic  driving  statistics  after  a  journey  are  no  longer  enough.  a  growing  emphasis  on  energy  savings,  emissions  reduction  and  driver  safety  is  raising  the  bar  and  sending  fleet  owners  in  search  of  new  solutions  that  give  them  more  actionable  intelligence  about  their  fleets  in  real  time.  connected  telematics  devices  are  a  crucial  part  of  this  new  drive  for  smarter  fleets.  as  both
__label__productinspection vehiclebased  sensors  and  backend  data  processing  capabilities  evolve,  fleet  owners  need  more  reliable,  higherspeed  communications  to  get  critical  driver  and  vehicle  performance  data  to  where  it  is  needed,  quickly,  accurately  and  securely.  todays  commercial  cars  and  trucks  are  not  simply  a  mode  of  transportation  for  their  drivers;  they  are  internet  of  things  iotconnected  vehicles  in  constant  touch  with  the  companies  who  own  the  fleets.  vehicle  monitoring  and  tracking  technology  offers  benefits  for  fleet  owners  that  extend  beyond  compliance.  these  applications  fall  into  several  important  areas:  tracking  technology  can  help  improve  driver  safety  by  alerting  fleet  management  systems  to  undesirable  conduct
__label__productinspection on  the  road,  such  as  speeding  and  rapid  acceleration  or  deceleration.  tracking  fuel  usage  enables  fleet  owners  to  reduce  their  own  costs,  which  is  especially  important  given  the  volatile  nature  of  gasoline  prices.  iot  connected  tracking  equipment  can  be  especially  useful  when  detecting  excessive  idling.  fleet  owners  can  reduce  the  cost  of  ownership  and  minimize  shipping  charges  by  tracking  and  monitoring  trucks  that  carry  expensive  or  commonly  stolen  cargo,  such  as  electronics  or  pharmaceuticals.  awareness  of  the  status  and  location  of  the  cargo  lessens  the  likelihood  of  the  cargo  or  vehicle  being  damaged  or  stolen.  advances  in  iot  and  sensor
__label__productinspection technology  have  resulted  in  a  new  generation  of  fleet  tracking  solutions,  capable  of  not  just  remotely  tracking  a  fleet,  but  also  sensing  the  environment  that  it  is  in.  sierra  wireless  managed  solutions  are  fullyintegrated  from  device  to  cloud  to  deliver  accurate,  timely  visibility  into  the  location  of  fleets  and  highvalue  assets.  the  specialized  devices  work  seamlessly  with  applications,  and  all  applications  offer  webbased  interfaces  that  allow  users  to  access  information  from  pcs,  tablets,  or  smartphones.  advanced  analytics  deliver  reports  and  visualizations  specifically  designed  for  each  vertical  industry.  sierra  wireless  fleet  tracking  solutions  include  hardware,  network,  and  software  applications  for  remote
__label__productinspection fleet  management,  gps  tracking,  mapping,  display,  reporting,  geofencing  and  alerts.  managed  solutions  for  fleet  tracking  include:  increased  roi,  improved  productivity,  theft  recovery  and  enhanced  safety  for  employees  and  assets  are  just  a  few  of  the  reasons  companies  deploy  fleet  tracking  solutions.  better  utilization  of  vehicles  can  reduce  fleet  size,  saving  on  maintenance,  operating,  and  replacement  costs.  we  provide  professional  services  including  installation  and  configuration,  and  we  deploy  tracking  devices  on  your  highvalue  assets.  the  devices  monitor  the  assets  critical  metrics  and  send  data  to  the  application  via  cellular  or  satellite  communication,  depending  on  the  devices  and  network  implemented.  the  application
__label__productinspection uses  this  data  to  manage  fleets  and  present  information  via  a  friendly  web  interface  that  alerts  logistics  managers  to  potential  problems,  while  an  integrated  mapping  function  makes  it  easy  to  visualize  materials  movement.  fleet  tracking  solutions  tell  users  where  their  fleets  are,  how  theyre  doing,  and  when  they  will  arrive.  ensuring  asset  visibility  translates  into  enhanced  productivity,  decreased  costs  and  losses,  and  increased  revenue.  our  fleet  tracking  solutions  are  marketready,  turnkey  and  managed  by  sierra  wireless  for  rapid  installation,  deployment  and  roi.  all  solution  components  are  seamlessly  integrated,  with  no  need  for  applications  development  because  the  software  is  userconfigurable  to
__label__productinspection meet  each  enterprises  operational  needs.  sierra  wireless  has  a  proven  track  record  when  it  comes  to  implementing  m2m  solutions.  with  a  network  platform  that  delivers  a  comprehensive  view  of  your  deployment  and  strong  relationships  with  leading  wireless  and  satellite  providers  for  worldwide  coverage,  you  can  be  assured  of  robust,  reliable  connectivity  for  your  asset  tracking  deployment.  sierra  wireless  manufactures,  installs,  and  supports  all  fleet  tracking  iot  devices.  the  devices  are  built  with  reliability,  scalability,  and  flexibility  in  mind.  our  fleet  tracking  devices  come  with  both  wired  and  obd  harness  configurations,  depending  on  the  needs  of  the  user.  each  of  our
__label__productinspection iot  devices  are  designed  to  address  the  specific  needs  of  each  vertical  application.  the  gnx5p  is  a  highly  configurable,  featurerich,  mobile  asset  tracking  device  designed  to  service  a  wide  variety  of  market  and  industry  requirements.  the  gnx5p  is  an  ideal  solution  for  mobile  resource  management,  vehicle  tracking  and  many  other  locationaware  applications  and  services.  the  gnx5p  utilizes  lte  cat  1  wireless  technology  for  compatibility  with  the  latest  wireless  network  architecture.  the  gnx5p  incorporates  leading  edge,  quality  components  for  superior  reliability  including  internal  cellular  and  gps  antennas  and  an  autocalibrating  3axis  accelerometer  for  monitoring  and  reporting  of  rapid  acceleration,  deceleration,  harsh
__label__productinspection cornering  and  other  events.  thank  you  your  message  has  been  sent.  a  sales  representative  will  contact  you  shortly.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__productinspection improving  your  odds  of  success  for  large  scale  change  programs  helping  you  embed  technology  where  it  unlocks  the  most  value  for  your  organization  enabling  your  people  to  accelerate  and  sustain  the  change  our  mission  is  to  help  leaders  in  multiple  sectors  develop  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  global  economy.  mckinsey  quarterly  our  flagship  business  publication  has  been  defining  and  informing  the  seniormanagement  agenda  since  1964.  our  85  solutions  leverage  advanced  technology,  proprietary  data,  and  deep  expertise  to  help  clients  in  new  and  exciting  ways  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  will  radically  change  the  world  in  the
__label__productinspection coming  years,  and  networked  devices  will  be  a  substantial  part  of  that  change.  in  2010,  people  owned  12.5  billion  networked  devices;  it  is  estimated  that  by  2025  that  number  will  have  climbed  to  more  than  50  billion  exhibit  1.  people  use  such  devices,  many  of  which  are  equipped  with  sensors  and  automaticactivation  functions,  in  practically  all  areas  of  their  life,  including  for  both  work  and  leisure.  it  has  long  been  possible  to  install  them  quickly  and  easily  and  to  wear  them  anywhere  on  the  body.  these  devices  can  transfer  huge  volumes  of  data  to  their  providers  or  third  partieswhether  for
__label__productinspection realtime  analysis  or  to  automatically  trigger  reactions  or  servicesand  are  already  altering  traditional  business  and  operating  models  in  multiple  sectors.  so  far,  insurers  have  mainly  used  iot  capabilities  to  aid  interactions  with  customers  and  to  accelerate  and  simplify  underwriting  and  claims  processing.  increasingly,  however,  new  iotbased  service  and  business  models  are  emerging  that  are  highly  attractive  to  insurers.  in  the  context  of  these  new  business  models,  digital  networking  through  the  iot  could  become  a  strategic  component  for  insurers.  for  example,  insurers  could  partner  with  companies  to  provide  improved  or  new  crossindustry  products  and  services  that  harness  iot  technologies  and  the
__label__productinspection new  ecosystems,  which  are  discussed  further  below  exhibit  2.  iot  technologies  enable  insurance  companies  to  determine  risks  more  precisely.  auto  insurers,  for  example,  have  historically  relied  on  indirect  indicators,  such  as  the  age,  address,  and  creditworthiness  of  a  driver,  when  setting  premiums.  now,  data  on  driver  behavior  and  the  use  of  a  vehicle,  such  as  how  fast  the  vehicle  is  driven  and  how  often  it  is  driven  at  night,  are  available.  applications  of  such  technology  in  countries  where  the  market  is  already  much  more  mature  reveal  that  insurers  can  assess  risk  far  more  accurately  this  way.  networked  devices  also  allow
__label__productinspection insurers  to  interact  with  their  customers  more  frequently  and  to  offer  new  services  based  on  the  data  they  have  collected.  in  the  insurance  sector  in  particular,  customers  often  engage  exclusively  with  agents  or  brokers;  direct  customer  contact  has  been  limited  to  contract  extensions  and  the  handling  of  insurance  claims.  iot  could  therefore  have  considerable  benefits  for  customer  relationships,  allowing  companies  to  establish  more  intensive  and  targeted  customer  contact.  so  how  can  insurers  develop  compelling  iot  offerings  and  a  successful  strategy  for  setting  up  and  becoming  involved  in  iotbased  ecosystems?  four  different  digital  ecosystems  are  emerging  that  are  relevant  and  attractive
__label__productinspection to  insurers:  mobility/connected  car,  smart  housing,  connected  health,  and  commercial  lines  exhibit  3.  while  these  ecosystems  certainly  have  parallels  by  measure  of  their  basic  dynamics,  on  a  granular  level,  they  have  key  differences,  which  is  why  insurers  need  to  develop  a  dedicated  strategy  for  each.  the  degree  of  market  maturity  differs  in  each  of  the  ecosystems,  and  they  feature  some  clear  distinctions  in  market  dynamics,  relevant  players,  and  regulatory  environment.  overarching  dynamics  can  be  explored  using  two  examples:  the  mobility/connectedcar  ecosystem,  the  most  advanced  of  the  four  ecosystems,  and  smart  housing,  specifically  ambient  assisted  living,  which  combines  smarthome  and  connected
__label__productinspection health  services  in  an  innovative  and  effective  way.  the  automotive  industry  and  the  mobility/connectedcar  ecosystem  clearly  demonstrates  how  digital  ecosystems  function  and  what  development  dynamics  they  can  reveal.  it  also  illustrates  the  entrepreneurial  opportunities  and  challenges  of  this  new  environment.  carsand  their  drivers,  if  carrying  smartphonesare  increasingly  outfitted  with  sensors  that  do  not  just  monitor  driving  behavior  and  use  of  the  vehicle  but  also  collect  other  vehicle  data,  from  the  oil  temperature  and  wear  of  the  brakes  to  tire  pressure.  this  data  forms  the  basis  for  countless  new  applications  that  contribute  to  customer  comfort  as  well  as  to  active  and
__label__productinspection passive  safety.  the  increase  in  applications  of  this  kind  creates  a  completely  new  ecosystem  around  the  connected  car,  encompassing  not  just  automotive  oems.  other  players  in  this  landscape  include  telecommunications  operators,  sensor  and  chip  manufacturers,  operators  of  digital  platforms  such  as  uber,  research  institutes,  standardization  centers,  and,  of  course,  insurers.  this  ecosystem  alters  the  competitive  parameters  for  all  participantsin  particular,  insurers.  while  the  claims  frequency  of  networked  vehicles  will  decline,  the  numerous  sensors  on  and  in  the  car  will  increase  the  average  claims  sum  due  to  the  high  repair  costs.  even  if  highrisk  customers  can  be  distinguished  from  lowrisk  ones
__label__productinspection using  the  additional  data  gained  from  the  new  ecosystem,  overall  premiums  may  fall  due  to  discounts  offered  for  telematics  use.  while  careful  drivers  may  justifiably  expect  quite  considerable  reductions  in  their  insurance  premiums,  insurers  likely  wont  be  able  to  compensate  for  this  decrease  simply  by  increasing  the  rates  for  highrisk  drivers.  to  minimize  the  impact  of  any  resulting  decrease  in  premiums,  it  will  be  important  for  insurers  to  explore  additional  levers  in  conjunction  with  reducing  claims  expenditure  via  optimized  risk  selection.  more  effectively  combating  fraud,  increasing  use  of  allied  repair  workshops,  and  offering  assistance  and  service  addons  are  all  initiatives
__label__productinspection that  could  potentially  more  than  compensate  for  decreasing  premiums.  insurance  companies  could,  for  example,  provide  services  for  avoiding  risk,  point  out  necessary  maintenance  work  to  drivers,  and  identify  intelligent  parking  solutions.  insurers  also  can  sell  their  data  and  analysis  solutions  to  third  parties,  such  as  media  agencies  focusing  on  locationbased  advertising.  various  insurers  worldwide  have  already  partnered  with  iotbased  telematics  suppliers,  automotive  oems,  vehicle  repair  shops,  telecom  companies,  and  operators  of  systems  that  guide  drivers  to  free  parking  spacesfor  example,  progressive  partnered  with  zubie  and  truemotion.  such  partnerships  will  provide  both  sides  with  access  to  the  valuable  sensor  data  that
__label__productinspection will  lay  the  groundwork  for  new  hybrid  insurance  models.  it  is  possible,  however,  that  these  partners  may  have  a  better,  more  intensive  relationship  with  insurance  customers  than  the  insurers  themselves.  companies  outside  the  insurance  industry  can  also  increasingly  generate  riskrelated  data  and  many  have  the  requisite  skills  to  derive  relevant  conclusions  from  it.  in  other  words,  while  insurers  can  unlock  great  value  from  new  iotbased  ecosystems,  players  in  other  sectors  may  be  closer  to  the  customer  interface.  the  insurance  market  did  not  initially  embrace  smart  housingprimarily  because  the  potential  new  market  was  too  limited  for  technical  reasons  and  the  solutions
__label__productinspection available  on  the  market  were  slow  to  meet  technical  standards.  however,  this  situation  has  changed  as  the  technology  has  matured  rapidly.  with  the  advent  of  google,  amazon  and  other  providers  put  their  smarthome  offers  on  the  market.  in  recent  years,  the  mass  market  has  opened  up  by  facilitating  simple  connections  with  more  devices.  as  a  result,  many  insurers  around  the  world  for  example,  allianz  have  started  cooperation  models,  selling  integrated  products  via  google  nest  or  offering  insurance  discounts  for  people  who  equip  their  homes  with  smarthome  devices.  in  addition,  these  insurers  offer  digital  addon  services  such  as  home  security  and
__label__productinspection convenience  services  for  example,  liberty  mutual.  customers  have  also  come  to  expect  more  and  different  services  from  insurers.  to  date,  smarthome  insurance  products  have  largely  lived  under  the  property  and  casualty  segment  of  the  insurance  market.  insurers  have  treated  the  product  relatively  defensively,  as  new,  more  modern  home  contents  and  supplementary  insurance,  regardless  of  the  development  of  addon  services  and  more  attractive  price  models  for  customers  over  the  years.  as  insurers  have  also  continued  to  sell  traditional  products  in  parallel,  it  has  become  evident  that  new  customer  segments  can  be  addressed  with  smarthome  insurance  products.  an  extension  of  smart  housing
__label__productinspection is  ambient  assisted  living.  this  field  connects  with  connected  health  services  as  well,  which  is  particularly  relevant  in  aging  societies  across  industrialized  countries.  people  with  limited  mobility,  for  instance,  are  increasingly  seeking  innovative  services  to  aid  their  daytoday  activities  and  enable  them  to  pursue  an  independent  lifestyle  at  home.  potential  customers  of  this  segment  will  likely  have  a  positive  attitude  toward  iot  and  related  technologies,  as  well  as  to  insurers  acting  as  overarching  providers  of  this  kind  of  new  service  bundle.  insurers  can  also  position  themselves  as  digital  coordinators  of  nursingcare  services  and  providers  such  as  proptechs  and  general  as
__label__productinspection well  as  specialized  housing  associations.  insurers  can  tap  into  opportunities  in  this  sector  by  providing  customers  with  additional  services  that  allow  the  insurers  to  minimize  their  costs.  one  of  the  areas  with  high  value  at  stake  is  commercial  ecosystemsthat  is,  ecosystems  centered  on  distribution  to  business  partners  b2b  or  b2b2c  and  on  making  the  most  of  partnerships  along  the  value  chain.  whereas  private  lines  ecosystems  are  primarily  aimed  at  optimizing  customer  points  of  contact,  commercial  ecosystems  also  often  focus  on  data  and  operational  excellence.  commercial  lines  insurers  have  various  ecosystem  plays  available  along  the  value  chain:  product  innovation,  distribution  excellence,
__label__productinspection risk  prevention,  holistic  service  provision,  supplier  network  management,  and  capitaltorisk  matching.  an  example  for  product  innovation  involves  cybersecurity,  as  only  through  additional  risk  management  and  assistance  services  does  it  become  viable  to  insure  cyberriskshence  the  rise  of  new  partnerships  between  insurers  and  iot  cybersecurity  software  and  hardware  providers.  iotenabled  risk  prevention  may  include,  for  example,  sensors  in  warehouses  to  assess  riskand  hence  priceon  a  more  granular  level.  supplier  network  management  has  frequently  been  applied  in  fleet  motor  insurance  for  garages  and  in  directors  and  officers  liability  insurance  for  lawyers.  and  capitaltorisk  matching  refers  to  an  electronic  platform  to  trade  new
__label__productinspection forms  of  insurancelinked  securitiesallowing  insurers  to  transfer  risk  via  the  markets,  as  is  done  already  by  some  commercial  lines  insurers.  to  be  successful  with  digital  ecosystems  in  an  iot  world  and  develop  an  iot  strategy,  insurers  should  first  tackle  five  key  tasks.  insurers  need  to  define  concrete  applications  that  customers  in  their  market  are  willing  to  embrace  and  that  are  relevant  to  their  business  model.  the  potential  for  discounts  for  telematics  use  differs  across  countries,  for  instance,  because  customers  savings  potentials  are  lower  where  motor  insurance  policies  are  cheaper.  while  being  as  specific  as  possible  in  identifying  attractive  customers  segments
__label__productinspection and  promising  application  areas,  insurers  should  consider  the  mid  to  longterm  potential  of  the  application  area  as  well  as  calibration  factors  that  might  unlock  unrealized  potential.  in  the  german  market,  for  example,  at  first  glance  smart  housing  retail  insurance  offerings  seem  to  be  relatively  unattractive  for  two  reasons:  the  market  for  traditional  retail  property  insurance  products  is  quite  saturated,  and  roughly  half  of  the  population  rents  their  homes,  making  them  unlikely  to  invest  in  property  tech  and  iot  devices.  however,  customer  segment  and  behavior  analyses  reveal  strongly  growing  potential  for  new  iotbased  retail  products  among  young  and  affluent  renters,  as
__label__productinspection well  as  older  and  more  affluent  property  owners.  selecting  the  right  partner  is  just  as  success  critical  to  defining  wellshaped  iotbased  insurance  offerings.  in  mobility/connected  car,  these  partners  are  oems,  telematics  providers,  parking  garage  operators,  or  gas  stations.  in  smart  housing,  these  partners  tend  to  be  utility  companies,  multimedia  providers,  telecoms  operators,  and  companies  in  the  housing  sector  as  well  as  specialized  property  tech  sector  players.  in  ambient  assisted  living,  partners  include  a  combination  of  those  mentioned  plus  connectedhealth  providers.  to  shape  an  adequate  offering,  insurers  should  reach  out  to  potential  partners  early  and  actively  involve  them  in  the  development
__label__productinspection and  finetuning  of  the  offering.  this  will  shorten  the  time  to  market,  lower  the  risk  of  sunk  costs,  and  increase  transparency  on  an  active  and  rapidly  expanding  market.  it  will  also  increase  stability  of  the  partnership  as  both  sides  will  need  to  invest  in  shaping  the  offering  for  market  maturity.  selection  of  candidates  for  successful  and  stable  partnerships  should  involve  certain  key  factors.  first,  partners  must  have  sufficient  experience,  as  well  as  relevant  knowledge  of  and  exposure  to  the  target  customer  base.  for  example,  iot  device  providers  must  demonstrate  mature  tech  operations  and  cybersecurity  capabilities,  and  propertytech  companies  should  bring
__label__productinspection an  existing  customer  base.  second,  partnerships  should  include  an  adequate  commercial  agreement  from  the  start  that  will  appropriately  incentivize  all  parties  to  scale  up  the  joint  offering  as  needed.  flat  rates,  commission  models,  or  volumebased  incentives  could  all  work  if  shaped  with  an  appropriate  risk  appetite.  third,  partners  must  be  open  to  technical  and  business  interoperability,  to  allow  for  other  partners  to  step  in  and  expand  the  ecosystem  collaboration,  as  well  as  submit  to  an  appropriate  risk  evaluation  of  their  offerings,  for  example,  on  adequate  geographical  coverage  or  capture  of  relevant  data  needed  for  actual  claims  processing.  finally,  insurers  should
__label__productinspection carefully  screen  partnership  candidates  regarding  their  other  business  planned  or  already  conducted  to  avoid  the  risk  of  reputation  damage,  sunk  costs,  or  even  accidental  abuse  of  customer  data.  insurers  can  improve  their  ability  to  find  the  right  partner  by  carefully  positioning  themselves  as  an  attractive  partner  with  the  capabilities  critical  for  success  in  the  iot  ecosystem,  thus  ensuring  the  requisite  scalability.  an  important  related  issue  for  insurers  to  address  is  consumers  reservations  regarding  data  protection  and  security.  insurance  companies  can  and  should  present  themselves  as  trustworthy  and  reliable  partners  and  highlight  the  benefits  of  digital  networking  for  the  consumer,  such
__label__productinspection as  lower  premiums  or  a  faster  breakdown  service.  large  insurers  that  already  operate  with  a  tightknit  network  of  allied  workshops  have  clear  advantages:  they  can  expand  on  possible  offers  with  greater  speed  and  agility.  it  is  important  for  insurers  to  go  to  market  with  a  first  offer  swiftly  to  test  customer  acceptance.  as  a  second  step,  they  can  scale  the  offer.  the  issue  of  scalability  also  includes  the  question  of  speed.  insurers  must  ask  themselves  if  theyre  in  the  position  to  put  their  iot  offering  on  the  market  quickly.  the  iot  could  soon  reach  a  point  where  market  penetration  also
__label__productinspection increases  exponentially  for  insurance  products.  insurers  that  are  not  able  to  act  fast  will  run  the  risk  of  losing  out  completely.  over  time  it  will  become  ever  more  difficult  to  find  a  partner  that  both  offers  sufficient  data  and  contacts  and  that  is  not  yet  linked  to  a  competitoroems  ultimately  only  need  one  insurance  partner.  data  owners  are  likely  to  be  choosy  and  to  want  to  establish  a  partnership  early  in  the  smarthome  market.  thus,  established  insurers  that  are  best  prepared  and  can  provide  a  compelling  iot  offering  fastest  will  shape  the  market  and  competitive  scenario,  and  there  will  be
__label__productinspection no  pickings  left  for  laggards.  insurers  should  see  the  development  of  iot  services  for  ecosystems  as  a  longterm  investment  in  future  capabilities.  it  is  still  not  exactly  clear  what  a  positive  business  case  for  iot  offerings  looks  like.  reductions  in  premiums  due  to  use  of  telematics  may  be  significant  in  some  markets,  while  there  is  not  yet  any  reliable  evidence  of  the  benefits  of  better  claims  ratios.  in  the  years  to  come,  as  maturity  grows  and  the  cost  of  the  services  continues  to  fall,  the  value  for  customers  as  well  as  insurers  will  decline  considerably.  insurers  should  begin  building  their
__label__productinspection longterm  capabilities  now  to  expand  their  market  position  and  develop  innovative,  competitive  services  for  their  customers  in  the  years  ahead.  in  the  end,  it  is  important  that  insurers  position  themselves  as  attractive  partners  for  existing  iot  providers,  ensuring  that  they  find  their  role  in  the  ecosystem  and  create  genuine  value  for  customers.  investing  in  innovative  approaches  will  only  pay  off  and  be  successful  in  the  long  term  if  customers  understand  and  can  see  the  benefits,  which  should  include  more  favorable  prices  and  rebates,  additional  services,  and  greater  convenience.  please  sign  in  to  print  or  download  this  article.  please  create  a
__label__productinspection profile  to  print  or  download  this  article.  create  a  profile  to  get  full  access  to  our  articles  and  reports,  including  those  by  mckinsey  quarterly  and  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  and  to  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  and  email  alerts.  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  youwith  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  theuse  of  cookies  on  this  site,  and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  usingthis  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  select  topics  and  stay  current  with
__label__productinspection of  all  the  domainsiot  has  impacted,  the  automotive  industry,  with  its  connected  car,  seems  to  be  creating  the  most  interest  from  both  enterprises  and  consumers.  cars  are  changing  at  an  incredible  rate,  and  industry  leaders,  government  authorities  and  prospective  buyers  are  all  responding.  in  fact,  just  yesterdaythe  german  bundesrat  passed  a  resolution  to  ban  the  sales  of  all  combustion  engine  vehicles  in  the  european  union  by  2030  to  create  zeroemissions  roads,  .  but  the  entire  experience  of  driving  is  changing  alongside  the  way  cars  are  being  powered.  new  iotenabled  developments  are  turning  the  car  into  an  safer,  more  comfortable  connected
__label__productinspection environment  for  getting  around.  lets  take  a  look  some  of  the  many  ways  iot  connectivity  is  transforming  the  automobile.  we  will  start  with  the  elephant  in  theroom,  autonomous  driving.  fully  autonomous  vehicles,  or  selfdriving  cars,  are  not  currently  available  on  the  market,  and  they  wont  be  for  a  long  time,  .  but  semiautonomous  vehiclesdo  already  exist,  and  the  lives  being  saved  are  inlarge  part  thanks  to  iot.features  like  front  collision  warning,  brake  assist,  blind  spot  monitors,  selfparking  and  remote  parking  are  all  creations  coming  out  of  the  increasing  use  ofintegrated  cameras,  proximity  sensors,  adaptive  headlightssensors  and  other  connectivity  components  thatdefine
__label__productinspection the  internet  of  things.these  features  are  in  place  to  get  rid  of  human  error,  and  make  driving  more  convenience  and  much  safer.  cars  will  need  to  provide  drivers  with  a  reliable,  highspeed  mobile  network  if  they  are  to  fuel  our  own  constantly  connected  demands.  4g  lte  connectivity,  offered  on  a  subscription  basis,  isgaining  popularity.in  the  past  two  years,  more  than  2  million  chevrolet  cars  with  4g  lte  have  been  sold,  and,  according  to  gm,  those  connectionshave  chewed  through  3  million  gigabytes  of  data,  .  connected  cars  will  be  expected  to  become  more  and  more  connection  spots  for  passengers  through  a
__label__productinspection shared  usage  of  their  m2m  card.  car  manufacturers  are  using  that  mobile  connectivity  to  create  intelligent  infotainment  systems.  most  infotainment  systems  are  currently  in  a  strange  period  whenusers  can  choose  between  manufacturemade  infotainment  applicationsbmw  idrive,  myford  touch,  etc  or  thirdparty  apps  created  by  mobile  operating  system  giants  google  android  auto  and  apple  carplay.  cars  are  nowadays  expected  to  provide  information  and  entertainment  streaming  preferred  music  or  radio  stations,  offering  intelligent  onboard  navigation  and  contextual  information  of  points  of  interest  such  as  the  nearest  gasstation  when  the  car  is  running  low  on  fuel  or  nearby  restaurants  if  it  is  lunchtime.  last
__label__productinspection year,  the  in  favor  of  ecall  regulation  which  requires  all  new  cars  be  equipped  with  ecall  technology  from  april  2018.  in  the  event  of  a  serious  accident,  ecall  automatically  dials  112  europes  single  emergency  number,  and  sends  the  appropriate  authorities  to  the  scene.  according  to  the  eu,  ecall  cuts  emergency  services  response  time  down  to  50  in  the  countryside  and  60  in  builtup  areas.  the  quicker  response  will  save  hundreds  of  lives  in  the  eu  every  year.  u.s.  car  manufacturers  offer  their  own  flavor  of  ecall  technology,  with  gms  onstar  and  fords  sync.  no  more  getting  down  on  your  hands
__label__productinspection and  knees  to  check  all  four  tires  with  an  air  pressure  gauge  when  your  flat  tire  light  turns  on.  connected  cars  have  dashboard  visualizations  showing  the  condition  of  just  about  every  part  of  the  vehicle,  from  tire  pressure  to  when  a  door  is  left  open.  these  use  a  combination  of  sensors  and  rf  technology  to  keep  drivers  informed  so  they  can  make  appropriate  repairs  when  needed.  it  can  even  tell  a  driver  how  efficiency  he  or  she  is  driving  by  showing  average  mpg  in  different  environments.  related  related
__label__productinspection we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__productinspection indeed,  the  future  is  bright  for  automotive  industry  after  leveraging  internet  of  thingsiot.  according  to  business  insider  prediction,  over  the  next  5  years,  267  billion  will  be  spent  on  automotive  iot  solutions.  automotive  iot  adds  new  layers  to  the  traditional  car  concept,  causing  a  paradigm  shift  from  traditional  to  smart  connected  cars  by  making  use  of  industrial  .  rider  safety  is  the  first  and  foremost  concern  for  enabled  smart  vehicles.  safety  can  be  ensured  by  implementing  software  development  kitssdks  into  hardware  like  data  transmitters,  sensors  or  vehicle  control  units.  moving  on  to  predictive  maintenance,  user  needs  to  know  how  healthy
__label__productinspection his  vehicle  is.  smart  vehicles  make  use  of  data  collected  from  vehicle  sensors,  health  monitoring  on  realtime  basis,  scheduling  automated  maintenance,  usage  of  seatbelts,  antidrowsiness  solutions,  inlane  position  control  mechanisms  etc.  connected  car  owners  can  now  leverage  cloud  enable  a  platform  for  value  added  user  services  and  apps.  lets  see  what  all  comes  your  way  along  with  super  experience  of  connected  cars.  automotive  iot  comes  with  remote  autocompanion  apps,  incar  infotainment  apps,  city  navigation,  locationbased  services,  drive  assist  apps,  carondemand  services,  usagebased  insurance,  remote  diagnostics,  car  security  services  to  name  a  few.  on  top  of  these,  you  get  the  best
__label__productinspection database  integration.  automotive  iot  encourages  implementation  of  endtoend  fleet  management  by  leveraging  invehicle  data  collection,  incloud  data  management  and  user  analytics,  and  many  more.  fleet  management  solutions  target  at  connected  sensors,  location  tracking  and  scheduling,  speed  control,  fuel  tracking,  usage  analytics,  driver  and  fleet  management,  traffic  management  and  sometimes  even  workload  management.  a  duplex  blackbox  ensures  car  safety  and  guides  you  in  going  on  the  correct  track  for  crash  resistance.  it  also  supports  easy  roadside  assistance  and  informing  a  certain  set  of  contacts  during  accidents  emergencies  and  increasing  infotainment.  telematics  is  one  of  the  major  automotive  iot  use  case  because
__label__productinspection it  itself  controls  navigation,  security,  safety,  communications  etc.  driver  assistance  focusses  on  partial  or  full  automatic  driving  including  the  scenarios  of  operational  assistance  in  heavy  traffic  on  lanes  or  parking  areas,  inlane  or  in  highways.  the  technology  today  promises  to  streamline  the  automotive  industry  and  improve  on  productivity.benefits  are  not  only  for  the  companies  alone  but  also  to  the  customers.  stay  tuned  to  know  more  use  cases  in  other  industries  like  logistics,  healthcare,  food  processing,  manufacturing  etc.  certain  products  need  to  be  transported  in  certain  temperature  conditions.  some  special  material,  like  food,  blood  or  vaccination,  must  be  kept  refrigerated.  industries
__label__productinspection that  specially  deal  with  perishable  products  are  deploying  iot  enabled  cold  chain  before  implementing  iot  in  any  business  process,  its  important  to  know  how  we  are  going  to  design  the  layout.  let  us  first  understand  what  iot  architecture  really  is.  we  know  what  value  iot  brings  to  the  future  is  coming  faster  than  you  think  it  is  it  is  forecasted  by  statistica  by  2020,30  billioniot  devices  will  be  deployed  globally.  which  eventually  accounts  for  tons  of  data  on  the  cloud.  you  we  hear  new  tech  buzzwords  everyday  iot  is  one  of  them.  do  we  really  understand  what  is  the  context
__label__productinspection of  this  concept?  before  getting  on  the  details  of  iot  edge,  let  us  first  understand  enterprise  integration  with  the  new  iot  ecosystem  is  key  in  driving  overall  enterprise  efficiency.  when  all  the  business  systems  are  connected  to  the  iot  ecosystem,  it  brings  up  the  fully  automated  and  connected  enterprise  where  i  like  viewing  web  sites  which  comprehend  the  price  of  delivering  the  excellent  useful  resource  free  of  charge.  i  truly  adored  reading  your  posting.  thank  you  required  fields  are  marked  click  to  read  our  privacy  policy.  keyboardarrowleft  keyboardarrowright
__label__productinspection what  is  the  industrial  iot,  or  iiot?  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  the  use  of  connected  smart  devices  in  industrial  applications  for  purposes  such  as  automation,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  the  iiot  is  a  more  robust  version  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot  which  is  the  realm  of  connected  devices  in  commercial  and  consumer  applications.  in  industrial  iot  use  cases,  smart  devices  may  be  deployed  in  construction  vehicles,  supply  chain  robotics,  solar  and  wind  power,  agricultural  sensor  systems,  smart  irrigation,  and  more.  these  iiot  applications  tend  to  have  one  thing  in  common:  they  are  are  deployed  in
__label__productinspection challenging  environments.  there  are  light  industry  iiot  use  cases  such  as  meters,  and  heavy  industry  use  cases  such  as  conveyors  used  in  the  mining  industry,  where  devices  can  be  subject  to  a  wide  range  of  environmental  factors,  from  extreme  heat  and  cold  to  moisture  and  vibration.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  deploying  smart  machines  to  capture  and  move  data,  sense  changes  in  temperature,  flow  or  volume,  automate  procedures  for  efficiency,  accuracy  and  safety,  deliver  data  into  the  right  hands  for  analysis  and  decision  making,  and  ensure  that  all  of  those  processes  happen  on  time,  reliably  and  securely.  clicktotweet
__label__productinspection embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  the  use  of  smart  devices  has  rapidly  expanded,  and  today  with  the  enormous  growth  of  the  iot  and  iiot  trends  its  hard  to  find  an  industry  that  is  untouched  by  this  phenomenon.  this  leads  to  a  few  questions:  the  answer  to  the  first  question  is  that  the  iot  and  iiot  are  responding  to  inefficiencies,  lost  revenue,  and  a  need  for  organizations  to  work  smarter,  not  harder.  automation  can  create  unprecedented  improvements  and  efficiencies  that  simply  arent  possible  with  a  human  workforce.  this  is  not  to  say  that  humans  arent  necessary.  on  the  contrary,
__label__productinspection engineers,  application  developers,  data  scientists  and  workers  from  every  walk  of  life  are  needed  to  put  these  solutions  in  place  and  make  use  of  them.  as  a  simple  example,  consider  the  farm  worker  who  previously  had  to  drive  from  one  remote  corner  of  acreage  to  the  other  to  ensure  watering  systems  or  frost  fans  were  turned  on  at  the  correct  time.  today,  that  worker  can  check  on  systems  from  a  laptop,  ensure  everything  is  working  correctly  and  travel  only  to  the  location  that  actually  needs  servicing.  if  a  center  pivot  irrigation  system  has  rolled  off  course,  for  example,  the  worker
__label__productinspection can  use  gps  to  quickly  identify  its  location  and  then  ensure  that  it  is  returned  to  the  correct  position.  in  other  words,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  improving  efficiency  and  accuracy  while  reducing  cost.  that  leads  to  an  answer  to  the  second  question.  the  impact  of  the  iiot  on  workers  and  jobs  is  that  it  makes  them  more  efficient  and  improves  productivity.  it  also  reduces  busy  work  and  the  likelihood  of  errors  in  tasks  such  as  data  logging,  that  are  better  handled  by  a  smart  device.  automated  sensing  and  data  gathering  from  dangerous  and  difficulttoreach  places  even  reduces
__label__productinspection risk  to  human  lives.  and  it  gets  the  right  data  to  the  right  place  for  evaluation  sooner.  when  an  employee  can  get  a  smart  phone  alert  that  a  tank  is  low  or  a  piece  of  equipment  needs  maintenance,  that  improves  the  likelihood  that  problems  can  be  solved  early,  before  they  become  more  expensive  or  catastrophic.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  get  insight  into  how  commercial  and  industrial  enterprises  use  iot  is  through  the  many  example  iiot  applications.  lets  take  a  spin  through  a  few  of  them.  predictive  maintenance  applications  seek  to  identify  when  a  critical  business  process  or  piece
__label__productinspection of  equipment  is  at  risk  of  failure,  so  proactive  and  preventive  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  to  fix  problems  in  advance  and  thwart  downtime.  traditional  methods  can  be  very  expensive  and  workers  can  inadvertently  miss  indicators  that  equipment  is  experiencing  problems.  in  many  cases,  technicians  and  maintenance  workers  have  traditionally  had  to  travel  to  remote  sites  to  perform  manual  checks,  only  to  have  to  make  another  trip  with  a  work  order,  replacement  parts  or  batteries.  getting  an  alert  that  a  problem  is  developing  makes  it  possible  troubleshoot  and  fix  an  issue  with  one  truck  roll,  often  before  the  end  customer  is
__label__productinspection even  aware  of  the  problem.  the  result  is  improved  maintenance  practices,  reduced  costs  and  enhanced  customer  satisfaction.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  iiot  predictive  maintenance  applications  across  industries.  in  the  following  predictive  maintenance  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  equipment  in  a  grain  elevator  and  sends  it  to  an  industrial  router,  which  then  delivers  that  data  to  cloudbased  applications  for  visibility  and  further  processing.  if  the  data  indicate  certain  conditions,  a  technician  can  see  that  in  online  application,  or  receive  alerts  from  an  application  such  as  digi  remote  manager.  the  technician  can  workthrough  a  troubleshooting  process  remotely  or
__label__productinspection send  personnel  to  the  site  to  perform  the  required  maintenance.  remote  monitoring  is  at  the  center  of  many  industrial  applications,  because  it  is  traditionally  inefficient,  expensive  and  often  challenging  or  risky  to  keep  tabs  on  what  is  happening  with  equipment  out  in  the  field.  equipment  that  requires  monitoring  can  be  located  at  remote  outposts,  on  the  top  of  street  lighting,  inside  a  well  or  deep  in  a  mine,  making  it  not  only  impractical  to  regularly  monitor  that  asset,  but  also  expensive  and  risky.  the  following  are  just  some  of  the  many  examples  of  remote  monitoring  in  industrial  applications.  in  this
__label__productinspection remote  monitoring  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  an  industrial  tank  and  routes  it  through  an  embedded  processor  to  cloudbased  applications  for  monitoring,  alerts  and  adjustments.  automating  processes  that  would  otherwise  require  human  intervention,  truck  rolls,  or  inefficient  manual  labor  is  another  common  reason  for  deploying  connected  applications  in  the  industrial  space.  the  range  of  use  cases  is  vast,  but  the  reasons  for  putting  these  industrial  internet  of  things  processes  in  place  again  come  down  to  a  few  key  driving  factors:  efficiency,  cost  reduction  and  reduced  risk.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  automation  in  the  iiot.  in  the
__label__productinspection following  process  automation  example,  soil  sensors  collect  data,  which  is  routed  by  a  digi  xbee  module  with  micropython  to  a  digi  xbee  industrial  gateway,  and  then  to  cloudbased  remote  monitoring  and  control  applications.  one  of  these  applications  automatically  launches  processes,  while  another  allows  network  managers  or  administrators  to  ensure  all  devices  and  processes  are  working  as  expected.launches  there  are  many  things  to  consider  when  evaluating  the  right  devices  and  setup  for  your  industrial  iot  application.  these  include  questions  around  the  distance  over  which  your  iiot  devices  will  need  to  transmit  data  as  well  as  the  frequency  of  data  submission,  whether
__label__productinspection rf  or  cellular  technology  is  appropriate  for  your  application,  and  many  other  decisions  that  impact  the  overall  planning,  deployment,  scalability  and  management  of  your  project  and  that  ultimately  affect  your  total  cost  of  ownership.  we  will  cover  a  few  of  the  things  to  consideras  you  prepare  to  design,  build  out  and  deploy  your  project.  if  you  have  questions  or  are  ready  to  evaluate  solutions,  digi  team  members  can  partner  with  you  to  perform  a  full  evaluation  of  your  application  needs.  and  digi  design  and  engineering  teams  are  also  available  for  any  level  of  support  in  developing  your  iiot  appliation.  to
__label__productinspection start  that  conversation.  .  if  you  develop  a  product  for  an  application  such  as  a  city  bicycle  ride  share  service,  for  example,  the  application  may  not  technically  be  considered  an  industrial  application,  but  its  requirements  are  similar  as  it  will  need  to  be  able  to  handle  jarring  movement,  temperature  changes  and  moisture.  some  types  of  devices  can  handle  challenging  environmental  factors,  and  some  are  less  suitable.  so  it  is  critical  to  evaluate  the  robustness  of  a  product  and  whether  it  is  designed  for  the  intended  application.  there  are  many  lowcost  modules  that  are  excellent  for  rapid  prototyping  and  for  student
__label__productinspection projects,  such  as  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  attractive  cost  is  a  good  reason  to  use  these  products  in  initial  phases.  but  you  will  want  an  industrialrated  product  designed  for  longterm  viability  in  demanding  environments  when  seeking  products  that  are  suitable  for  iiot  applications.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  some  of  the  factors  to  evaluate  in  a  product  include:  starting  with  a  prototyping  tool  is  a  great  way  to  prove  a  concept;  but  when  you  are  ready  to  go  the  field  with  deployed  devices,  be  sure  to  select  industrial  rated  devices.  traditional  maintenance  methods  of  sending  a
__label__productinspection truck  out  to  the  field  to  monitor  or  manage  equipment  quickly  becomes  impractical  and  costly  when  you  have  dozens,  or  hundreds,  or  even  thousands  of  devices  to  maintain.  just  like  your  cell  phone,  which  has  firmware  upgrades  that  are  pushed  out  it  regularly,  devices  have  firmware  updates  and  security  patches  that  must  be  sent  to  each  of  the  devices  in  your  iiot  network  to  keep  those  devices  uptodate  and  secure.  a  remote  management  solution  allows  you  to  send  bug  fixes  and  feature  enhancements  to  all  of  your  devices  in  the  field,  regardless  of  the  size  of  your  network.  to  implement
__label__productinspection a  remote  management  strategy,  look  for  a  solution  thatwill  enable  you  to  perform  remote  firmware  upgrades,  device  connectivity,  and  remote  diagnostics  from  anywhere,  using  a  smart  device.  for  example,  is  a  cloudbased  solution  that  provides  these  capabilities  and  more,  enabling  you  to  set  alerts  for  a  range  of  conditions,  download  files,  and  automatically  monitor  device  configurations  and  reset  them  to  the  correct  version  in  the  event  of  tampering.  putting  a  remote  management  systemin  place  is  highly  economical  compared  with  the  cost  of  sending  a  bucket  truck  to  manually  upgrade  the  firmware  on  a  device  mounted  on  a  sign  or  street
__label__productinspection light,  and  enables  your  network  manager  to  keep  tabs  on  all  of  devices,  regardless  of  how  many  devices  you  have  in  your  network  or  where  they  are  in  the  world.  the  evaluation  and  decision  making  that  go  into  the  development  and  deployment  of  an  iiot  application  can  be  daunting.  digi  can  support  your  quest  to  identify  the  right  solution  for  your  needs  at  any  point  along  the  way,  from  initial  project  scoping  to  complete  engineering  and  certification  services.  whether  you  want  to  demonstrate  the  roi  of  a  new  product  or  need  to  meet  a  strict  deadline  for  compliance  or  market
__label__productinspection pressures,  digi  can  partner  with  you  to  achieve  those  goals.  time  to  market  can  be  especially  critical  when  there  is  a  shortlived  window  of  opportunity  to  get  ahead  of  competition.  working  with  a  company  that  has  proven  professional  consulting  and  engineering  support  not  only  gives  you  the  assurance  that  you  can  meet  deadlines  and  launch  dates,  but  also  helps  you  complete  design  reviews  and  get  certification  assistance  when  your  resources  stretched  thin.  to  evaluate  options.  comments  are  closed.
__label__productinspection how  to  connect  and  manage  your  devices  with  the  kaa  iot  cloud  based  on  new  kaa  release  1.1  december  11  12  pm  est  register  now  the  internet  of  things  is  breaking  fresh  ground  for  car  manufacturers  by  introducing  entirely  new  layers  to  the  traditional  concept  of  a  car.  this  upgrade  the  connected,  smart  car  comes  as  a  revolutionary  way  for  us  to  drive  and  stay  in  touch  with  the  world  around  at  the  same  time.  by  offering  a  dazzling  variety  of  infotainment  services  and  connected  car  applications  for  drivers,  the  automotive  sector  has  the  potential  to  become  a  prominent  iot
__label__productinspection champion  and  pump  up  adoption  of  iot  cloud  services  adoption  among  car  owners  and  walkers  alike.  that  streamline  development  of  connected  car  applications  by  times  and  ensure  smooth  integration  between  separate  modules  of  the  connected  car  within  a  secure  cloud  environment.  kaa  is  highly  scalable  and  can  easily  as  well  as  automatically  balance  out  peak  loads  in  cloud  service  usage.  with  kaa,  it  is  easy  to  enable  new  services  over  the  air,  and  manage  different  service  subscription  plans  and  user  groups.  regarding  connected  car  engineering,  ,  as  well  as  allows  for  custom  implementations.  its  with  different  kinds  of  automotive  equipment
__label__productinspection sensors,  control  units,  electronics  and  help  you  introduce  numerous  smart  features  in  coherence  with  the  specific  car  design.  the  skys  the  limit  for  what  you  can  do  with  kaa.  and  even  that  is  only  until  cars  get  winged.  kaa  ensures  successful  implementation  of  endtoend  fleet  management  and  vehicle  health  telematics  solutions  by  addressing  each  part  of  a  typical  use  case  scenario  invehicle  data  collection  with  embedded  applications,  incloud  data  management,  and  user  analytics.  with  its  elastic,  enterprisegrade  scalability,  kaa  can  be  applied  to  monitor  and  manage  an  unlimited  number  of  vehicles  in  real  time:  kaa  translates  the  predictive  maintenance  concept
__label__productinspection into  a  highly  practical  and  straightforward  solution  that  integrates  with  your  vehicles  sensors,  hardware  modules,  data  transmitters,  and  control  units,  and  allows  you  tracking  their  performance,  health,  and  damage  factors.  kaa  is  widely  deployed  as  a  cloudenablement  platform  for  valueadded  user  services  and  applications.  car  manufacturers,  maintenance  and  service  companies,  insurance  companies,  and  entertainment  providers  can  all  offer  a  broad  range  of  kaapowered  innovative  services  for  connected  car  owners.  we  use  cookies  to  enhance  your  experience.  please  visit  our  page  for  more  information  about  cookies  and  how  we  use  them.
__label__productinspection getty  images  increased  fuel  efficiency  optimize  maintenance  costs  streamline  delivery  management  improved  safety  on  the  road  related  content:  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  we  are  delighted  to  announce  denis  garagic,  chief  scientist  ai  machine  learning  at  bae  systems  as  a  speaker  at  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator
__label__productinspection station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within
__label__productinspection learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  5  ways  iot  can  improve  agriculture  data,  tons  of  data,  collected  by  smart  agriculture  sensors,  better  control  over  the  internal  processes  and,  as  a  result,  lower  production  risks  cost  management  and  waste  reduction  thanks  to  the  increased  control  over  the  production  increased  business  efficiency  through  process  automation  enhanced  product  quality  and  volumes  higher  revenue  monitoring  of  climate  conditions  greenhouse  automation  crop  management  cattle  monitoring  and  management  endtoend  farm
__label__productinspection management  systems  1.the  hardware  2.  the  brain  3.  the  maintenance  4.  the  mobility  5.  the  infrastructure  the  product  discovery  phase  is  the  best  first  step  you  can  take  to  lay  a  solid  foundation  for  the  development  of  your  app.  it  includes  a  functional  specification,  ux/ui  design,  and  a  visual  prototype  that  will  give  you  a  clear  vision  of  the  end  product.  on  average,  this  phase  takes  46  weeks.  we  at  eastern  peak  have  already  helped  many  startups  and  fortune  500  companies  digitize  and  streamline  their  operations  with  the  help  of  technologies.  we  provide  endtoend  services  building  iot  solutions  across  a
__label__productinspection number  of  business  domains,  from  hardware  design  to  software  development,  testing,  and  integration.  to  receive  professional  consultation  from  our  experts,  get  in  touch  with  us  or  request  a  quote  using  our  .  https://easternpeak.com/blog/iotinagriculture5technologyusecasesforsmartfarmingand4challengestoconsider/  free  requirements  review  your  ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details  about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day.  go
__label__productinspection to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance  your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__productinspection by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__productinspection keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__productinspection task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__productinspection total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__productinspection and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__productinspection logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__productinspection and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__productinspection idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__productinspection with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__productinspection urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__productinspection also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__productinspection industrial  iot  is  a  rapidly  progressing  sector  in  almost  all  industries.  industrial  iot  is  carrying  such  capabilities  enabling  operational  efficiency,  productivity,  and  performance  like  never  seen  before.  industry  experts  have  assumed  that  by  2020,  iiot  will  be  a  225  billion  market  that  will  have  great  impacts  in  modern  manufacturing  including  increasing  efficiency,  further  efficient  maintenance,  asset  monitoring  to  create  a  new  age  of  industrial  growth  and  competitiveness.  the  main  aim  of  this  article  is  to  give  a  holistic  view  of  the  manufacturing  industry  about  the  possible  use  cases  of  industrial  iot  and  ways  of  leveraging  it.  as  per  the  tata
__label__productinspection survey,  manufacturing  industry  leaders  investing  in  iiot  are  reporting  benefits,  including  efficient  and  increased  productivity.  its  thus  critical  to  observe  iiot  use  cases  will  progressively  expand  in  the  future.heres  a  compilation  of  such  industrial  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing  and  its  benefits:  connected  factory:  almost  all  factories  today  have  machines  that  work  in  isolation.  the  appearance  of  lowcost,  lowpowered  industrial  internet  of  things  platforms  enables  those  in  charge  to  make  decisions  depends  on  realtime  insights  and  patterns.  assume  a  factory  manager  with  wearable  technology  connected  to  every  machine  on  the  floor  of  the  factory.  the  device  informs  them  immediately  of
__label__productinspection any  irregularities  in  the  manufacturing  process  then  suggests  solutions  and  even  automatically  implements  solutions  based  on  previous  data  patterns.  in  the  manufacturing  process,  higher  efficiency  means  high  profits.  downtime  is  an  important  aspect  of  this.  connected  factories  will  keep  this  to  complete  minimum  through  the  constant  monitoring  of  equipment  and  devices.  production  flow  monitoring:  iot  in  manufacturing  allows  the  monitoring  of  production  lines  starting  from  the  refining  process  to  the  packaging  of  final  products.  in  the  digital  factory,  iot  can  support  production  flow  monitoring  using  sensors  that  provide  insights  in  realtime.  these  insights  involve  overall  machine  performance  as  well  as
__label__productinspection analyzing  specific  components  of  the  machine.  iot  sensors  can  give  insights  into  the  production  levels  of  individual  machines  and  can  even  initiate  an  order  for  new  parts,  make  a  service  call  or  adjust  processes  to  reduce  machine  damage  or  production  slowdowns.  inventory  management  as  per  a  recent  research  report,  only  33  of  manufacturers  use  inventory  management  software  and  rest  all  are  still  relying  on  either  excel  or  paperbased  methods.  iiot  in  inventory  management  helps  to  turn  the  data  fetched  by  rfid  readers  into  significant  insights  about  inventory  items  such  as  a  location,  statuses,  movements,  etc.,  and  giving  users  the  appropriate
__label__productinspection output.  iot  applications  allow  the  monitoring  of  events  across  a  supply  chain.  by  using  these  systems,  the  inventory  is  monitored  and  traced  globally  on  a  lineitem  level  and  the  users  are  informed  of  any  significant  variations  from  the  plans.  plant  safety  and  security.  iot  integrated  big  data  analysis  can  enhance  the  overall  workers  safety  in  the  plant.  by  analyzing  the  key  performance  indicators  of  health  and  safety,  such  as  a  number  of  injuries,  illness  rate,  vehicle  incidents  and  property  damage  or  loss  during  regular  operations.  thus,  efficient  monitoring  allows  for  better  safety.  logistics  and  supply  chain  optimization  the  industrial  iot
__label__productinspection can  give  access  to  realtime  supply  chain  information  by  tracing  materials,  equipment,  and  products  as  they  pass  through  the  supply  chain.  efficient  reporting  allows  manufacturers  to  gather  and  enter  delivery  information  into  erp,  plm  and  other  systems.  by  connecting  plants  to  suppliers,  all  the  systems  related  to  the  supply  chain  can  track  interdependencies,  material  flow  and  manufacturing  cycle  times.  this  data  will  help  manufacturers  observe  issues,  minimizes  inventory  and  potentially  reduces  capital  requirements.  everyone  in  the  supply  chain  process,  right  from  the  manufacturer  to  the  customer,  benefits  from  the  growth  that  iot  brings.  whether  its  vendor  management,  fleet  management,  product
__label__productinspection enhancement,  equipment  maintenance  iot  is  transforming  the  whole  processes.  facility  management  the  utilization  of  iot  sensors  in  manufacturing  equipment  allows  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts.  there  are  a  lot  of  analytic  machine  tools  that  are  designed  to  work  within  certain  temperature  and  vibration  ranges.  iot  sensors  can  actively  analyze  machines  and  give  an  alert  when  the  equipment  varies  from  its  prescribed  parameters.  sensors  can  give  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts  to  facility  managers  and  realtime  energy  monitoring.  lighting  and  hvac  which  helps  to  reduce  the  temperature  of  the  air  are  vital  areas  where  facilities  costs  are  being  decreased  significantly.  a  solution  for  lighting  is
__label__productinspection to  have  occupancy  sensors,  timers  based  on  manufacturing  schedules  thus  only  lighting  areas  that  are  occupied  or  that  actually  need  light.  both  hvac  and  lighting  systems  are  required  for  controlling  energy  costs  and  part  of  a  total  energy  management  system  for  facilities.  industrial  iot  has  the  capability  to  radically  modify  manufacturing.  the  fact  is  that  more  and  more  data  will  be  created  from  increasingly  connected  equipment  systems  and  that  to  notice  essential  valuable  actionable  insights  thought  iiot  is  limitless.  the  stepbystep  guide  of  iot  course  will  give  a  detailed  structured  view  of  all  such  an  industrial  iot  technology  in  various
__label__productinspection industries.  seo  consultant  signed  up  yet?  dev  is  one  of  the  most  critical  resources  in  software.  were  a  place  where  coders  share,  stay  uptodate  and  grow  their  careers.  we  strive  for  transparency  and  dont  collect  excess  data.
__label__productinspection glen  white  the  internet  of  things  iot  isnt  a  new  topic  of  discussion.  connected  things  are  everywhere  from  refrigerators  to  watches  and  cars  changing  our  interactions  with  friends,  family  and  coworkers.  while  iot  discussions  often  centre  on  consumer  use,  there  is  great  potential  for  adoption  on  the  manufacturing  shop  floor.  todays  factory  bears  little  resemblance  to  the  stereotypical  image  of  manufacturing.  long  gone  are  the  days  of  repetitious  assembly  lines  where  workers  create  part  after  identical  part.  todays  modern  shop  floor  is  a  hub  of  technology,  full  of  sensors,  electronic  controls  and  automated  equipment.  these  interconnected  devices  drive  efficiency,  quality
__label__productinspection and  flexibility.  heres  where  i  see  the  biggest  impact  of  these  new  connections.  factory  productivity  continues  to  rise,  as  plants  produce  more  and  more  with  ever  increasing  efficiency  and  quality.  connected  tools  and  machines  are  a  key  aspect  of  these  gains.  take  the  ip  internet  protocol  torque  wrench  in  the  assembly  of  a  complex  part,  for  example.  when  connected  to  the  cloud,  the  ip  torque  wrench  captures  the  torque  applied  to  a  specific  part,  the  specific  wrench  that  was  used,  when  that  wrench  was  last  calibrated  and  the  employee  who  used  it.  faults  can  be  detected  in  real  time,  and
__label__productinspection even  when  theyre  missed  the  cloud  can  trace  every  part  affected  back  to  the  root  cause.  quality  and  speed  are  improved.  as  customer  demands  for  products  change,  manufacturers  adjust.  automation  and  the  connected  factory  produce  a  wider  variety  of  products  and  product  variations  in  smaller  quantities  more  quickly,  answering  the  markets  increasing  demand  for  nearcustom  and  highly  configured  products.  fast,  efficient  and  flexible  computerized  machines  are  provided  instructions  for  the  exact  requirements  for  each  product  at  each  moment  of  production.  this  is  a  fullscale  transformation  of  the  oldstyle  economies  of  scale  approach  that  drove  massproduced  consumer  goods.  wearable  technologies  have
__label__productinspection the  potential  to  further  connect  people  with  plant  information,  delivering  real  time  machine  and  production  data  to  operators  and  managers  on  the  shop  floor.  as  importantly,  smart  devices  connected  through  a  cloud  erp  system  can  improve  safety  by  enabling  people  and  equipment  to  literally  see  around  corners.  for  instance,  a  smart  safety  vest  or  a  bluetooth  beacon  will  help  forklifts  and  their  operators  see  employees  and  obstacles  and  provide  both  alerts  or  even  automatically  apply  brakes  to  ensure  safety.  beyond  the  four  walls  of  the  production  facility,  the  shift  to  cloudbased  software  systems  allows  employees,  suppliers  and  customers  worldwide  to
__label__productinspection view  the  status  of  an  order,  workinprogress,  inventory,  equipment  availability,  and  much  more.  visibility  wont  stop  when  the  product  leaves  the  plant.  smart  products  will  not  only  interact  with  the  customer  in  new  ways  but  will  also  be  able  to  stay  in  contact  with  the  producer  for  better  longterm  performance,  maintenance  and  support.  quality  issues  not  only  get  service  attention,  but  can  influence  future  product  design.  connected  smart  technology  and  the  internet  of  things  brings  the  processes  and  the  products  together  into  a  new  ecosystem  for  added  customer  value.  alan  conboy,  office  of  the  cto,scale  computing  william  smith  lufthansa  technik,
__label__productinspection a  subsidiary  of  lufthansa,  provides  technical  aircraft  services,  encompassing  maintenance,  production  and  william  smith  the  memorandum  covers  areas  such  as  5g,  artificial  intelligence  and  cloud  computing.  microsoft  says  they  will  use  their  expertise  in  these  areas  to  jointly  promote  2019  bizclik  media  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  the  proliferation  of  smart  things  has  reached  critical  mass.  products  with  wireless  connectivity  from  lightbulbs  to  thermostats  to  smart  speakers  are  more  present  in  peoples  homes  today  than  notone  report  suggests  that  of  u.s.  consumers  have  at  least  one  connected  device  at  home.  but  the  technology  actually  has  its  roots  in  a  world  that  predates  the  rise  of  remote  control  thermostats:  industrial  manufacturing.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  takes  networked  sensors  and  intelligent  devices  and  puts  those  technologies  to  use  directly  on  the  manufacturing  floor,  collecting
__label__productinspection data  to  drive  artificial  intelligence  and  predictive  analytics.  in  iiot  technology,  sensors  are  attached  to  physical  assets,  says  robert  schmid,  deloitte  digital  iot  chief  technologist.  those  sensors  gather  data,  store  it  wirelessly,  and  use  analytics  and  machine  learning  to  take  some  kind  of  action.  the  iiot  is  driving  unprecedented  disruption  in  an  industry  that  has  struggled  in  recent  years  due  to  talent  shortages,  and  this  offers  hope  for  the  industrys  future.  the  iiot  can  transform  traditional,  linear  manufacturing  supply  chains  into  dynamic,  interconnected  systemsa  digital  supply  network  dsnthat  can  more  readily  incorporate  ecosystem  partners.  as  key  enablers  of  dsns,  iiot
__label__productinspection technologies  help  to  change  the  way  that  products  are  made  and  delivered,  making  factories  more  efficient,  ensuring  better  safety  for  human  operators,  and,  in  some  cases,  saving  millions  of  dollars.  one  of  the  greatest  benefits  of  the  iiot  is  how  it  can  dramatically  improve  operating  efficiencies.  if  a  machine  goes  down,  for  example,  connected  sensors  can  automatically  pinpoint  where  the  issue  is  occurring  and  trigger  a  service  request.  perhaps  more  importantly,  the  iiot  can  also  help  a  manufacturer  predict  when  a  machine  will  likely  breakdown  or  enter  a  dangerous  operating  condition  before  it  ever  happens.  predictive  maintenance  is  a  big
__label__productinspection thing,  says  schmid.  this  lets  us  limit  equipment  downtime  and  improve  safety  by  being  proactive  about  a  fix.  the  sensors  work  by  analyzing  the  sound  frequencies,  vibrations,  and  temperature  of  a  given  machine  to  tell  if  its  working  within  its  normal  condition.  this  processknown  as  condition  monitoringis  time  intensive  when  humans  do  it  manually.  by  using  sensors  to  collect  and  quickly  analyze  data  points  in  the  cloud,  prediction  becomes  easier.  schmid  cites  a  client  that  makes  packaging  materials  as  a  great  use  case  for  the  prediction  capability  of  connected  sensors.  when  the  company  outfitted  its  production  equipment  with  iiot  sensors,
__label__productinspection overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  improved  by  nine  percent.  the  heightened  oee  decreased  waste  for  the  company  by  predicting  when  machines  would  need  to  be  maintained  before  they  failed  and  had  to  be  taken  out  of  service.  by  decreasing  machine  downtime,  schmid  says  the  company  was  able  to  take  better  advantage  of  the  factorys  capacity.  thanks  to  the  predictive  nature  of  the  sensors,  the  company  avoided  building  another  production  line,  which  helped  them  save  25  million  in  added  capital  expenditures,  he  says.  beyond  saving  money  and  time,  the  iiot  can  keep  workers  safe.  if  an  oil  well  is  about  to  reach
__label__productinspection a  dangerous  pressure  condition,  for  example,  operators  will  be  warned  well  before  it  explodes.  sensors  can  even  be  used  to  manage  and  monitor  workers  locations  in  case  of  an  emergency  or  evacuation.  another  huge  benefit  of  the  iiot  is  location  trackingthe  industrial  version  of  a  connected  fob  that  makes  your  keys  impossible  to  lose.  workers  can  spend  a  lot  of  time  locating  tools,  equipment,  and  finished  goods  inventory,  but  the  iiot  reduces  that  time  significantly.  when  equipment  is  built,  it  goes  onto  a  massive  inventory  lot  that  could  be  three  quarters  of  a  mile  on  each  side,  says  schmid.  simply
__label__productinspection finding  equipment  on  the  lot  is  so  time  consuming  that  one  of  schmids  clients  saved  3  million  per  year  on  each  of  its  production  lines  once  the  companys  equipment  was  outfitted  with  locationtracking  sensors.  dr.  richard  soley,  executive  director  for  the  industrial  internet  consortium  iic,  which  works  to  test  and  promote  the  iiot,  has  come  across  similar  findings  with  his  clients.  dr.  soleys  group  works  primarily  through  testbedsexperimental  technology  implementations  designed  to  measure  how  well  the  technologies  really  work.  one  of  the  iics  testbeds  involved  a  client  with  a  massive  number  of  tools  that  kept  getting  misplaced.  the  client  found
__label__productinspection that  its  workers  spent  47  percent  of  their  time  just  looking  for  the  right  tools,  dr.  soley  says.  but  with  an  iiot  solution,  the  worker  could  be  told  that  the  tool  they  needed  was  10  meters  behind  them  and  to  the  left.  this  also  meant  that  the  workers  didnt  have  to  spend  time  putting  the  tool  back  where  it  belonged.  thanks  to  the  sensors,  the  system  will  always  know  where  the  tool  is  and  will  tell  workers  where  to  find  it.  while  the  iiot  is  already  boosting  efficiency,  productivity,  and  safety,  the  future  of  the  iiot  could  disrupt  enterprise  business
__label__productinspection models,  too.  schmid  believes  that  in  the  near  future  we  could  see  the  proliferation  of  highvalue  equipmentranging  from  manufacturing  robots  to  aircraft  enginesbeing  leased  instead  of  being  sold  outright.  rather  than  sell  equipment  directly,  the  equipment  can  be  outfitted  with  builtin  sensors  and  marketed  as  both  a  product  and  a  service,  where  the  owner  monitors  the  equipment  remotely  and  delivers  maintenance,  repairs,  and  upgrades  automatically,  schmid  says.  this  will  allow  manufacturing  companies  to  focus  on  the  work  at  hand  instead  of  worrying  about  the  condition  of  the  equipment  that  they  use  to  do  it,  further  increasing  productivity  and  efficiency  even.
__label__productinspection as  the  manufacturing  industry  continues  to  adopt  iiot  technology,  these  results  provide  a  clear  business  casefar  beyond  the  sensors  that  anticipate  and  accommodate  or  arrival  home.  this  story  was  produced  by  the  wired  brand  lab  for  deloitte  digital.  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  cnmn  collection  2018  cond  nast.  all  rights  reserved.  use  of  and/or  registration  on  any  portion  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  updated  5/25/18  and  updated  5/25/18.  .  the  material
__label__productinspection is  a  core  component  of  industrial  transformation  efforts  across  the  globe,  including  industry  4.0  with  its  fourth  industrial  revolution  and  the  industrial  internet  with  the  industrial  internet  consortium  moreover,  manufacturing  isnt  just  the  clear  leader  in  the  industrial  internet  but  it  tops  all  industries  including  the  consumer  iot  space  in  the  broader  iotreality.  according  to  idc  data,  published  early  2017,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  good  for  of  178  billion  in  2016,  which  is  more  than  twice  as  much  than  the  second  largest  vertical  market  in  iot  spend  ,  transportation.  in  the  apej  asia  pacific,  excluding  japan  region,  close  to  one
__label__productinspection third  of  all  iot  spending  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity  combined  will  be  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  2020.  also  in  other  regions,  manufacturing  ranks  first  but  with  slower  market  shares  of  total  iot  spending.  in  the  us,  for  instance,  iot  spend  by  the  manufacturing  industry  will  account  for  approximately  15  percent  of  total  iot  purchases.  the  manufacturing  industry  is  leading  in  the  internet  of  things  for  various  reasons:  some  are  historical,  others  are  related  with  the  socalled  next  industrial  revolution  industry  4.0  and  then  there  are  the  many  uses  cases  and  actual  iot  deployments  that  offer  rapid  return  and
__label__productinspection enable  manufacturers  to  realize  from  several  perspectives:  efficiency,  automation,  customercentricity,  competitive  benefits  and  the  advantages  which  are  offered  by  using  data  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain  and  to  tap  into  new  revenue  sources,  a  key  aspect  of  digital  transformation  in  manufacturing.  the  areas  where  iot  is  leveraged  within  a  practical  usage  context  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted  for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion  ,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  manufacturing  obviously  covers  many  types  of  products,  operations,  processes  and  a  vast  space  of  activities,  components,  machines,  people,  partners,  information
__label__productinspection systems  and  so  forth.  it  is  a  long  way  from  raw  materials  to  finished  goods  and  it  is  inevitably  related  with  supply  chains,  logistics  and  transportation  as  well.  its  among  others  in  this  sense  that  the  internet  of  things  almost  by  definition  is  key  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  an  integrated  approach,  further  including  technologies  such  as  big  data  analytics,  cloud,  robotics  and,  most  importantly  perhaps,  the  integration  of  it  information  technology  and  ot  .  in  few  other  industries  there  are  so  many  opportunities  to  leverage  the  internet  of  things  in  connecting  physical  and  digital,  making  various  assets,  such  as
__label__productinspection machines,  other  production  assets  and  the  various  object  in  a  nonproduction  sense,  as  well  as  a  variety  of  product  and  manufacturing  process  parameters  part  of  a  vast  information  network.  this  is  an  important  element  as  with  manufacturing  we  typically  tend  to  think  about  goods  and  products  but  the  bigger  opportunity  for  manufacturers  lies  in  ,  a  service  economy  model  and  the  information  opportunity.  part  of  them  are  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital/connected  factory,  others  refer  more  to  facility  and  asset  management  and  still  others  relate  to  components  such  as  safety/security  and  operations/logistics/ecosystems.  last  but  not  least
__label__productinspection there  is  the  customer  preference  and  behavior  part.  below  is  a  list  with  several  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing  and  their  benefits/realities.  manufacturing  operations  include  the  several  elements  which  are  typical  in  manufacturing  operations  management  mom,  such  as  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  as  we  know  them  from  industry  4.0.  in  fact,  are  twins  in  industry  4.0.  iot  spending  in  this  vast  use  case  or  even  set  of  use  cases  is  good  for  over  57  percent  of  all  iot  manufacturing  investments.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring
__label__productinspection and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way  .  its  clear  that  in  a  manufacturing  industry  setting  also  go  beyond  pure  production  assets.  here  we  leave  the  factory  or  manufacturing  facility  and  go  directly  to  an  important  area  where  manufacturers  are  service  providers.  from  productrelated  services  to  businessrelated  services:  the  field  service  organizations  of  manufacturers  are  important  drivers  of  growth
__label__productinspection and,  obviously,  of  margin.  its  clear  that  information  in  the  hyperconnected  and  hyperaware  digitized  and  iotenabled  manufacturing  ecosystem,  along  with  the  tools  to  plan,  schedule  and  proactively  service,  are  important  differentiators.  in  an  updated  forecast  on  in  june  2017,  idc  predicts  that  manufacturing  will  reach  183  billion  in  2017  from  an  iot  spending  perspective.  production  asset  management  spending  would  reach  45  billion.  safety,  security,  worker  protection  and  productivity  and  the  many  links  between  manufacturing  in  the  strictest  sense  with  connected  services/operations/industries  such  as  transport,  supplier  management  and  so  forth  all  contribute  to  the  vast  iotrelated  manufacturing  solutions.  vehicle  and  asset
__label__productinspection tracking,  connected  factory  applications,  staff  safety  applications,  health  monitoring  realtime,  smart  ventilation  and  air  quality  management,  smart  environmental  measurement,  access  control  security,  smart  measurement  of  presence/levels  of  liquids,  gases,  radiation  and  dangerous  materials  depending  on  the  type  of  operation,  asset  protection,  ,  risk  measurement,  the  list  is  long.  last  but  not  least  there  are  the  several  related  processes  inside  and  outside  the  manufacturing  facility.  production  assets  are  one  thing,  activities  such  as  preparing  for  shipment,  packaging  and  quality  control  of  manufactured  goods  another.  to  a  large  degree  manufacturing  organizations  hereby  become  service  organizations  and  endtoend  transparency  is  crucial.  the  insights
__label__productinspection gained  with  an  integrated  iot  approach  from  the  customer  side  are  also  crucial  and  enable  to  offer  better  products,  quality  and  services.  and  this  brings  us  to  the  key  role  of  data,  in  the  end  the  major  component  needed  to  derive  any  form  of  value  from  sensors,  iotenabled  devices  and  other  things,  also  in  manufacturing.  what  do  manufacturers  do  with  all  the  data  they  acquire  regarding  their  assets  but  also  regarding  customers  and  the  hundreds  of  millions  of  connecting  devices  they  dispose  of  there  were  already  307  million  installed  iot  units  in  april  2015  ?  they  collect,  measure  and  act
__label__productinspection on  data  from  iot  devices  in  manufacturing  as  the  pwc  infographic  below  indicates.  the  infographic  it  does  date  from  2015  also  gives  an  overview  of  where  manufacturers  deploy  iot  technology  most:  the  manufacturing  plant  comes  first,  followed  by  respectively  the  warehouse,  the  extended  supply  chain  and  the  customer  site,  where  traditionally  the  manufacturing  services  part  is  high.  when  on  the  iot  market  in  manufacturing  operations  in  2015,  the  mentioned  drivers  were  efficiency  optimization  and  linking  islands  of  automation.  and  that  requires  an  integration  of  processes  and  data,  not  in  the  least  to  also  build  islands  of  monetization  and  innovative  transformation.
__label__productinspection as  you  can  see  it  distinguishes  between  the  manufacturing  plant,  global  facility  insight  beyond  the  factory  ,  the  customer  site  and  global  operations  with  the  latter  being  divided  into  the  goals  and  benefits  for  management,  rd  and  field  service.  outside  of  the  plant  and  actual  manufacturing  environment  insights  and  production  we  see  the  transmission  of  operational  information  for  those  field  service  engineers  on  customer  sites,  the  overall  value  and  supply  chain  perspective,  thirdparty  logistics  and  the  global  operations  dimension.  ,  bi  intelligence  estimated  that  global  manufacturers  will  invest  70  billion  on  iot  solutions  in  2020  in  2015  they  invested  29
__label__productinspection billion,  the  report  says.  this  is  far  lower  than  what  idc  found  but  remember  that  the  latter  looks  at  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity.  bi  intelligence  also  looked  at  benefits  though,  mentioning  research  from  tata  consultancy,  which  indicates  an  average  increase  in  revenues  by  28.5  percent  between  2013  and  2014  for  manufacturers  who  have  internet  of  things  solutions.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__productinspection the  manufacturing  industry  is  undergoing  a  dramatic  shift  centered  around  new  technologies  that  offer  the  promise  of  greater  efficiency,  speed  and  higher  quality.  a  central  component  of  this  shift  toward  industry  4.0  is  the  internet  of  things  iot,  which  serves  as  the  frontline  of  data  capture  in  the  modern  factory.  whats  more,  this  datacentric  focus  extends  well  beyond  the  shop  floor;  the  entire  supply  chain  is  coming  under  the  watchful  eye  of  iotenabled  devices.  broadly  refers  to  a  network  of  devices  and  sensors  capable  of  capturing  and  communicating  data  with  one  another.  the  sensors  in  the  system  enable  the  collection
__label__productinspection of  granular  data,  for  example,  from  assets  like  machinery  energy  consumption,  heat  levels,  uptime/downtime  or  the  tracking  of  goods  in  transit.  when  it  comes  to  supply  and  production,  having  internetenabled  production  lines  provides  a  direct  line  of  information  about  the  current  supply  and  demand  of  any  given  product,  said  robyn  edgar  of  the  mobile  software  developer  .  it  allows  manufacturers  to  finetune  their  process  by  tapping  into  datadriven  strategies.  oftentimes,  this  data  is  made  actionable  by  artificial  intelligence.  for  anomalies  to  flag  and  returns  notifications  and  recommendations  to  human  decisionmakers.  organizationwide  data  can  also  be  transmitted  to  any  mixed  reality
__label__productinspection devices  employees  might  be  using,  whether  on  the  factory  floor  or  in  the  warehouses.  the  data  capture  enabled  by  iot  primarily  drives  greater  overall  efficiency  by  helping  to  optimize  each  phase  of  the  production  process.  whether  its  general  daytoday  operations,  the  health  of  machinery,  or  reducing  energy  consumption,  information  collected  by  iot  devices  supports  better  decisionmaking  and  quick  alerts  when  something  is  going  wrong.  there  are  certain  limitations  on  the  production  capability  of  every  manufacturing  unit,  but  industries  are  continuously  looking  for  growth  and  efficiency,  which  can  be  achieved  by  the  implementation  of  iot  in  the  manufacturing  facility,  said  pankaj
__label__productinspection kumar  raushan,  lead  analyst  of  smart  manufacturing  at  .  iot  helps  in  collecting  all  the  relevant  data  from  the  very  core  of  the  machines,  which  further  can  be  analyzed  to  find  any  gray  areas  in  the  system  or  any  scope  of  improvement.  a  major  benefit  of  the  birdseye  view  offered  by  iot  is  preventative  or  predictive  maintenance.  for  instance,  when  a  machine  uses  excessive  energy,  overheats  or  begins  severely  vibrating,  management  can  see  this  data  and  perform  maintenance  before  a  critical  failure  occurs.  iot  implementation  also  promises  smart  energy  management.  this  type  of  system  can  identify  waste  and  opportunities  for
__label__productinspection improvement,  reducing  energy  expenses  and  boosting  efficiency  in  the  production  process.  iot  can  be  implemented  within  the  actual  manufacturing  equipment  to  create  more  efficient  processes,  and  it  will  allow  downloading  updates  to  upgrade  machinery  on  demand,  said  daniel  miller,  a  tech  and  manufacturing  recruiting  specialist  at  .  we  will  see  a  realm  of  tech  production  that  will  be  more  efficient  then  we  have  ever  seen  before.  iot  will  create  many  wins  for  a  multitude  of  manufacturing,  construction,  farming  and  technology  sectors.  iot  doesnt  end  at  the  manufacturing  plant.  the  network  of  data  capture  and  analysis  can  span  the  entire  supply
__label__productinspection chain,  from  resource  procurement  through  product  refinement  and  tracking  to  notifying  end  users  when  a  product  needs  maintenance  or  replacement.  samantha  radocchia,  cofounder  and  cmo  of  ,  envisions  a  unified  system  where  these  oftdisparate  parts  of  the  process  come  together  leveraging  iot  and  blockchain.  one  project  chronicled  is  working  on  with  aims  to  track  gold  production  from  the  mine  to  the  vault.  you  can  envision  a  world  with  more  automated  supply  chain  processes,  using  many  sensors  working  together  to  trigger  these  events,  radocchia  said.  for  the  first  step,  raw  gold  from  the  mine  is  placed  in  the  container,  which  is
__label__productinspection sealed  with  a  microchip.  at  that  point,  its  registered  with  a  mobile  device  and  then  at  every  point  where  it  changes  hand,  every  sensor  is  another  signature.  using  blockchain  enables  more  than  just  simple  tracking,  radocchia  said.  automatic  triggers  include  transfer  of  custody  and  even  release  of  payments  in  escrow  accounts  once  products  reach  their  intended  destination.  when  that  destination  is  the  final  consumer,  whether  a  business  or  an  individual,  iot  still  has  a  role  to  play.  for  consumable  products,  companies  can  alert  their  customers  when  maintenance  or  replacement  is  needed,  or  even  monitor  for  anomalies  or  problems.  in  the
__label__productinspection era  of  industrial  iot,  exchange  of  information  between  supply  chain  and  production  is  in  real  time,  kumar  raushan  said.  for  example  integration  of  asset  tracking  with  iot  technologies  will  help  in  gathering  a  deeper  level  of  information  and  probably  alert  the  operator  of  areas  of  concern.  integrating  iot  with  supply  chain  also  helps  in  accurately  determining  the  exact  location  and  condition  of  the  product,  which  helps  in  precise  production  planning,  kumar  raushan  said.  however,  integration  is  only  implemented  in  bits  and  pieces  at  this  point,  since  it  involves  lots  of  infrastructure  changes  and  cost.  the  cost  of  true,  full  scale
__label__productinspection iot  implementation  is  a  major  barrier  to  mass  adoption.  while  companies  are  already  starting  to  implement  iot  systems,  many  are  incomplete  and  will  take  some  time  to  grow  to  the  level  of  a  truly  comprehensive  system.  still,  according  to  the  international  data  corporation  idc,  total  in  2017,  and  the  research  organization  anticipates  growth  eclipsing  1.4  trillion  by  2021.  however,  as  is  often  the  case  with  emerging  technologies,  the  ,  making  iot  a  more  accessible  technology.  another  major  barrier  are  data  silos.  in  short,  this  means  a  lack  of  interoperability,  either  due  to  technical  challenges  or  an  unwillingness  on  the  part
__label__productinspection of  companies  to  work  together.  radocchia  said  combining  iot  with  blockchain  can  change  this,  without  the  need  for  companies  to  expose  their  proprietary  information  to  one  another.  the  challenge  is  most  of  that  data  is  siloed,  she  said.  theres  one  sensor  tracking  packages,  one  tracking  temperature,  one  verifying  packages  entering  the  warehouse;  none  of  these  devices  are  really  able  to  talk  to  each  other  unless  theres  a  direct  integration  through  api.  without  that  central  backbone,  its  a  challenge  to  see  the  world  and  supply  chains  work  as  efficiently  as  they  could.  and  finally,  theres  the  elephant  in  the  room:  security.
__label__productinspection the  iot,  by  its  very  nature,  means  more  devices  connected  to  a  network,  offering  potential  attackers  more  entry  points  and  increasing  attack  vectors.  theres  a  lot  manufacturers  of  iot  devices  can  do  to  improve  the  security  situation,  but  maintaining  best  practices  and  establishing  firm  policies  around  security  remains  the  responsibility  of  the  company  implementing  the  system.  for  a  comprehensive  look  at  https://www.businessnewsdaily.com,  see  what  these  experts  have  to  say.  adam  c.  uzialko,  a  new  jersey  native,  graduated  from  rutgers  university  in  2014  with  a  degree  in  political  science  and  journalism  and  media  studies.  he  reviews  healthcare  information  technology,  call  centers,
__label__productinspection document  management  software  and  employee  monitoring  software.  in  addition  to  his  fulltime  position  at  business  news  daily  and  business.com,  adam  freelances  for  several  outlets.  an  indispensable  ally  of  the  feline  race,  adam  is  owned  by  four  lovely  cats.  200  fifth  avenue,  second  floor  waltham,  ma  02451  copyright  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection a  multipart  series,  delving  into  new  themes  monthly.  6  minute  read  vmware  technology  is  advancing  the  ways  we  create,  and  experience,  our  spaces  to  secure  a  smart  future,  manufacturers  are  leveraging  the  internet  of  things  to  reshape  product  development  and  production.  selecting  the  right  infrastructure  is  crucial  for  success.  he  first  half  of  the  digital  revolution  was  about  allowing  them  to  share  ideas,  experiences,  memories,  and  more  with  others  halfway  across  the  globe  the  second  half  will  be  about  enabling  machines  to  talk  to  each  other,  using  cloudconnected  iot  devices  to  help  automate  the  creation  and  delivery  of  products.  manufacturers
__label__productinspection are  bullish  in  their  assessment  of  iots  potential.  for  example,  in  the  industrial  manufacturing  sector  have  an  ongoing  initiative.  in  a  smart  factory,  previously  disparate  systems  and  devices  become  connected  so  the  stream  of  data  they  produce  can  be  turned  into  actionable  insights.  exploring  what  happens  when  possibility  becomes  reality.  see  more:  most  of  iots  value  will  likely  come  from  its  ability  to  optimize  operations.  but  iot  has  the  power  to  radically  reshape  every  aspect  of  product  development  and  delivery,  from  the  plant  floor  to  the  value  chain:  its  an  expectation  now  that  the  iot  will  fundamentally  change  not  only
__label__productinspection the  computer  industry,  but  also  society,  says  greg  bollella,  vmware  vice  president  in  the  office  of  the  cto.  the  iot  will  be  a  significant  driver  of  whats  coming  to  be  known  as  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  the  possible  applications  of  iot  in  manufacturing  are  almost  endless  .  and  therein  lies  the  challenge.  in  the  past,  operational  technology  ot  and  information  technology  it  were  separate  domains,  staffed  by  experts  with  limited  knowledge  and  understanding  of  their  counterparts  requirements.  however,  the  demands  that  this  siloed  approach  be  dismantled  and  replaced  with  a  unified  infrastructure  that  treats  the  different  elements  of  ot  and
__label__productinspection it  as  complementary  cogs  within  the  same  process  wheel.  moreover,  becomes  a  more  important  issue  for  both  ot  and  it.  if  the  multitudes  of  connected  devices  and  systems  are  not  secured  properly,  hackers,  hostile  governments,  and  competitors  can  gain  access  to  sensitive  information  or  disrupt  operations.  as  a  result,  manufacturers  need  to  build  an  infrastructure  that  closes  the  gap  between  ot  and  it,  while  minimizing  security  risks.  the  proliferation  of  iot  gateways  and  iotenabled  cyberphysical  systems  present  huge  security  and  management  challenges,  bollella  says.  we  believe  that  ultimately  it  organizations  and  professionals  will  be  asked  to  manage,  secure,  and  maintain
__label__productinspection the  infrastructure  underlying  many  of  these  iot  solutions.  from  an  operational  perspective,  downtime  has  always  been  enemy  number  one.  iot  helps  manufacturers  minimize  downtime  by  providing  realtime  visibility  over  the  status  of  every  machine  in  the  factory.  but  thats  not  all.  once  the  machines  are  connected  to  a  single  management  platform,  machine  failure  parameters  can  be  continuously  measured  and  analyzed.  based  on  these  parameters,  normal  and  abnormal  states  can  be  tracked  much  more  accurately.  this  allows  manufacturers  to  take  preventative  action  before  problems  occur,  thus  saving  time  and  money  by  minimizing  damage  and  disruption.  patterns  eventually  emerge  from  .  these
__label__productinspection patterns  can  be  fed  back  quickly  into  the  manufacturing  process,  helping  improve  the  effectiveness  of  future  manufacturing  and  maintenance  processes  and  optimize  future  machine  and  component  purchases.  german  manufacturer  bosch  has  put  iot  to  work  in  its  own  facilities,  such  as  the  bavarian  factory  where  it  builds  braking  and  safety  systems  for  nearly  7  million  cars  each  year.  using  has  enabled  company  engineers  to  reduce  error  rates  and  boost  productivity  by  up  to  24  percent.  traditionally,  factories  have  been  primarily  closed  systems,  so  securing  them  against  internetbased  attacks  was  not  a  significant  priority.  to  minimize  any  operational  disruption  from  potential
__label__productinspection vulnerabilities,  many  ot  systems  were  walled  off  from  it.  today,  this  siloed  approach  hinders  the  implementation  of  iot  in  the  factory.  thats  because  effective  iot  implementations  require  greater  ot  and  it  integration  and  more  connections  to  external  or  thirdparty  data  sources,  systems,  and  analytics  platforms.  building  a  smart  factory  requires  a  thoroughly  connected,  integrated  infrastructure.  but  connecting  machines  directly  or  indirectly  to  the  internet,  or  even  to  a  private  cloud  environment,  significantly  enlarges  .  that  means  more  access  points  criminals  could  exploit  for  espionage,  vandalism,  or  terrorism.  risks  include  machine  damage,  factory  worker  injury,  intellectual  property  theft,  and  production  or
__label__productinspection supply  chain  disruption.  whats  needed  is  a  reliable  platform  for  the  secure,  integrated  management  of  iot  within  factories.  it  should  be  able  to  distribute  software  upgrades  and  security  patches  to  devices  and  edge  systems  at  scale,  and  rapidly  quarantine  rogue  devices  if  a  breach  or  other  anomaly  is  detected.  at  vmware,  we  are  readily  embracing  these  fundamental  challenges  presented  by  iot,  bollella  says.  we  are  building  a  suite  of  management  and  security  technologies  that,  from  their  inception,  address  iot  security  and  management  challenges.  in  a  smart  factory,  production  processes  can  be  directly  connected  to  supplier,  logistics,  product  lifecycle,  and  ordering
__label__productinspection systems.  as  a  result,  manufacturers  can  more  easily  accommodate  rapidly  changing  and  increasingly  individual  customer  requirements.  consider  the  process  of  ordering  a  new  kitchen.  in  the  preiot  world,  you  have  to  manually  select  the  specifications  and  components  in  advance.  once  the  order  has  entered  the  vendors  system,  youre  basically  out  of  luck  if  you  want  to  make  any  changes.  now  lets  look  at  a  truly  connected  manufacturing  process.  if  you  want  to  change  the  color  and  other  specifications  of  the  oven  you  ordered,  the  vendor  can  inform  the  relevant  production  line  immediately  to  adjust  the  processes  required  to  execute  the
__label__productinspection changes.  and  the  systems  for  managing  stock  levels  and  invoicing  would  also  be  updated  as  part  of  an  automated,  iotenabled  process.  increased  integration  can  deliver  similar  benefits  across  the  supply  chain.  for  example,  the  ability  to  use  better  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  allows  manufacturers  to  optimize  costs  by  reducing  asset  loss  and  empty  shelf  incidences.  or  an  iotenabled  vehicle  fleet  can  adjust  employee  transport  and  product  delivery  routes  according  to  weather  conditions,  traffic  congestion,  and  other  variables.  a  centralized,  integrated  iot  platform  lets  manufacturers  control  the  entire  supply  chain,  enabling  every  thingwhether  a  component  shipment,  product,  or  a  warehouse
__label__productinspection vehicleto  be  managed  securely  and  accurately  from  a  single  console.  when  people  talk  about  how  ,  theyre  really  talking  about  taking  massive  amounts  of  data  produced  every  day  by  connected  devices,  and  then  applying  artificial  intelligence  to  uncover  hidden  patterns  and  glean  new  insights.  an  endtoend  infrastructure  management  system,  such  as  ,  allows  manufacturers  to  deliver  relevant  data  where  and  when  its  needed  across  the  edge  and  in  the  cloud  by  integrating  into  enterprise  systems.  it  enables  efficient,  secure  operation  of  manufacturing  processes  and  the  supply  chain  that  feeds  them.  offering  iotengineered  solutions  like  these,  says  bollella,  enables  vmware  to
__label__productinspection serve  as  a  strategic  partner  to  companies  in  their  iot  journey.  as  a  result,  smart  factories  will  allow  manufacturers  to  massproduce  more  goods  at  lower  costs  and  with  fewer  defects.  and  theyll  increasingly  be  used  to  create  products  customized  for  each  individual,  as  we  move  toward  a  personalized,  datadriven  future.  is  an  ongoing  series  about  how  technology  is  changing  our  understanding  of  the  world  around  us.  this  article  is  part  of  ,  our  discussion  on  how  emerging  technologies  promise  to  change  the  way  we  design,  create,  and  experience  the  places  we  live  and  work,  from  city  centers  to  the  remote
__label__productinspection thinkstock  the  term  heralds  the  coming  of  a  new  industrial  revolution  through  smart  manufacturing.  the  term  has  a  more  mutedsounding  promise  of  driving  operational  efficiencies  through  automation,  connectivity  and  .  but  the  focus  of  iiot  on  industry  at  large  is  broader.  here,  we  take  a  comprehensive  view,  rounding  up  20  top  industrial  iot  leaders  and  pioneers,  drawing  on  the  feedback  from  industry  analysts  and  consultants.  the  focus  here  is  not  on  vendors  offering,  say,  a  cloudbased  platform  for  monitoring  industrial  machines  but  on  the  companies  that  themselves  are  using  industrial  iot  applications  and  technology  to  drive  their  business  forward.  for
__label__productinspection the  sake  of  this  feature,  we  focus  on  organizations  that  use  connected  technology  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics  to  drive  efficiencies  and  launch  new  business  models.  we  concentrate  on  organizations  that  focus  on  logistics,  and  traditional  hardhat  undertakings  such  as  ,  ,  mining,  and  supply.  we  leave  out  ,  and  applications,  which  occasionally  get  lumped  into  the  industrial  iot  projects  domain.  the  companies  on  this  top  20  list,  presented  alphabetically,  are  not  idly  boasting  about  the  promise  of  iiot  projects  to  transform  their  business;  they  have  already  begun  the  transformation.  power  and  firm  is  one  of  the  most  visible  to
__label__productinspection embrace  the  concept  of  predictive  maintenance,  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  its  robots  maintenance  needs  across  five  continents  and  trigger  repair  before  parts  break.  also  related  to  iot  is  the  companys  collaborative  robotics.  its  yumi  model,  which  was  designed  to  collaborate  alongside  humans,  can  accept  input  via  ethernet  and  industrial  protocols  like  profibus  and  devicenet.  to  say  that  assembling  a  commercial  jetliner  is  an  elaborate  affair  would  be  an  understatement.  such  craft  have  millions  of  components  and  tens  of  thousands  of  assembly  steps,  and  the  cost  of  mistakes  during  the  process  can  be  enormous.  to  tackle  the  complexity,  has  launched
__label__productinspection a  digital  manufacturing  initiative  known  as  factory  of  the  future  to  streamline  operations  and  bolster  production  capacity.  the  company  has  integrated  sensors  to  tools  and  machines  on  the  shop  floor  and  given  workers  wearable  technology  including  industrial  designed  to  reduce  errors  and  bolster  safety  in  the  workplace.  in  one  procedure,  known  as  cabinseat  marking,  the  wearables  enabled  a  500  improvement  in  productivity  while  nearly  eliminating  errors.  the  online  retail  giant  doesnt  often  get  called  an  iiot  company,  but,  to  be  sure,  the  company  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  warehousing  and  .  as  has  put  it:  amazon  is  testing
__label__productinspection the  limits  of  automation  and  humanmachine  collaboration.  while  the  companys  ambitions  to  use  drones  for  delivery  has  won  considerable  media  attention,  the  firms  fulfillment  warehouses  make  use  of  armies  of  wificonnected  kiva  robots.  the  basic  idea  behind  the  kiva  technology,  which  amazon  acquired  for  775  million  in  2012,  is  that  it  makes  more  sense  to  have  robots  locate  shelves  of  products  and  bring  them  to  workers  rather  than  have  employees  go  to  the  shelves  to  hunt  for  products.  in  2014,  the  robots  helped  the  company  cut  its  operating  costs  by  20,  according  to  dave  clark,  a  senior  vice  president  at
__label__productinspection amazon.  aviation  pioneer  william  boeing  quipped  that  it  behooves  no  one  to  dismiss  any  novel  idea  with  the  statement,  it  cant  be  done.  the  multinational  company  founded  in  boeings  name  apparently  still  subscribes  to  that  ethos.  it  is  now  working  toward  the  longterm  goal  of  making  its  service  offerings  more  important  than  its  products  while  being  the  most  valuable  information  provider  in  aviation.  the  company  has  already  made  significant  strides  in  transforming  its  business.  boeing  and  its  tapestry  solutions  subsidiary  have  aggressively  deployed  iot  technology  to  drive  efficiency  throughout  factories  and  supply  chains.  the  company  is  also  steadily  increasing  the
__label__productinspection volumes  of  connected  sensors  embedded  into  its  planes.  in  2015,  bosch  launched  what  would  be  the  industrial  internet  consortiums  first  .  the  primary  inspiration  behind  the  socalled  track  and  trace  program  is  that  workers  would  spend  a  sizable  amount  of  their  time  hunting  down  tools.  so  the  company  added  sensors  to  its  tools  to  track  them,  starting  with  a  cordless  nutrunner.  as  the  resolution  of  the  tracking  becomes  more  precise,  bosch  plans  to  use  the  system  to  guide  assembly  operations.  heavyequipment  maker  has  long  been  an  iot  projects  pioneer.  recently,  the  company,  which  now  often  goes  by  cat,  has  been
__label__productinspection showing  off  the  fruits  of  its  investments  in  iot  technology.  for  instance,  consider  how  it  is  using  iot  and  augmented  reality  ar  applications  to  give  machine  operators  an  ataglance  view  of  everything  from  fuel  levels  to  when  air  filters  need  replacing.  if  an  old  filter  expires,  the  company  can  send  basic  instructions  for  how  to  replace  it  via  an  ar  app.  the  companys  marine  asset  intelligence  division  is  also  an  innovator.  last  year,  ran  an  article  explaining  how  the  company  used  sensordriven  analytics  to  save  a  bundle  of  money  on  boats  and  shipping  vessels.  industrial  ot  world  highlights  the  intersection
__label__productinspection of  iot  and  industry,  showcasing  examples  of  how  iot  transforms  business  across  manufacturing,  supply  chain  and  operations.  get  your  tickets  and  free  passes  now.  robotics  maker  fanuc  is  serious  about  reducing  downtime  in  industrial  facilities.  using  sensors  within  its  robotics  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics,  the  company  can  predict  when  failure  of  a  component  such  as  a  robotic  system  or  process  equipment  is  imminent.  while  is  a  familiar  concept,  fanuc  has  embraced  it  more  aggressively  than  most.  last  year,  gm  awarded  fanucs  zero  downtime  zdt  system  its  supplier  of  the  year  innovation  award.  gehring  technologies,  a  91yearold  company  that  makes
__label__productinspection machines  for  honing  metal,  was  early  to  embrace  iiot  technology.  now,  the  company  enables  its  customers  to  see  live  data  on  how  gehrings  machines  work  before  they  place  an  order.  it  does  so  by  using  digital  technology,  beaming  realtime  information  from  a  new  machine  to  a  customer  to  ensure  that  it  meets  the  customers  requirements  for  precision  and  efficiency.  gehring  uses  the  same  cloudbased  realtime  tracking  to  reduce  downtime  and  optimize  its  own  manufacturing  productivity  through  monitoring  its  connected  manufacturing  systems,  visualizing  and  analyzing  data  from  its  machine  tools  in  the  cloud.  the  japanese  company  stands  out  from  other  industrial
__label__productinspection companies  in  terms  of  its  integration  and  experience  across  operational  and  information  technology.  while  most  other  industrial  conglomerates  leverage  partnerships  to  fill  in  the  gaps  in  their  iot  knowledge,  hitachi  is  more  independent.  the  company  has  more  than  16,000  employees  focused  on  the  technology  in  some  capacity.  while  it  offers  an  iot  platform  known  as  ,  hitachi  also  makes  a  plethora  of  products  leveraging  connected  technology,  including  trains,  which  the  company  is  beginning  to  sell  as  a  service.  hitachi  has  also  developed  an  iotenhanced  production  model  that  it  claims  has  slashed  production  lead  times  by  half  within  its  omika  works
__label__productinspection division,  which  manufactures  infrastructure  for  electricity,  traffic,  steel  manufacturing  and  other  industries.  as  the  field  of  agriculture  becomes  more  of  a  science  and  less  of  an  art  passed  down  the  generational  line,  john  deere  is  responding  by  deploying  internet  of  things  technology  perhaps  most  notably  with  selfdriving  tractors.  as  the  washington  post  wrote  in  2015,  .  the  company  also  happens  to  be  a  pioneer  in  gps  technology.  the  mostadvanced  systems  it  uses  in  tractors  are  accurate  to  2  centimeters.  in  addition,  the  company  has  deployed  telematics  technology  for  predictive  maintenance  applications.  founded  in  1919,  the  german  maker  of  air  pumps,
__label__productinspection compressed  air  dryers  and  filters  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  integrating  digital  communications  into  its  products.  the  company  offers  for  its  products  and  supports  predictive  maintenance.  one  of  its  bestknown  industrie  4.0  efforts  relates  to  its  business  model  innovation  as  selling  air  as  a  service,  which  is  a  remarkable  feat  for  a  company  that  has  sold  machinery  for  the  past  century.  the  japanese  heavy  equipment  maker  has  a  plethora  of  iiot  innovations.  starting  in  2011,  it  has  deployed  connected  technology  in  its  japanese  production  facilities.  komatsu  has  linked  all  of  its  robots  at  its  central  production  facilities  to
__label__productinspection the  internet,  enabling  managers  to  keep  an  eye  on  international  operations  in  real  time.  the  company  is  an  innovative  force  in  mining.  its  massive  can  be  spotted  in  rio  tintos  mine  of  the  future  in  australia  read  on  for  more  on  that.  komatsu  recently  acquired  u.s.  mining  equipment  maker  joy  global,  which  had  developed  connected  longwall  shearers  for  coal  mining  that  can  wirelessly  send  7,000  data  points  per  second  to  the  companys  data  center.  german  robotics  specialist  has  an  iot  strategy  that  extends  to  whole  factories.  for  instance,  jeep  asked  the  company  to  help  build  a  factory  that  could  churn
__label__productinspection out  a  car  body  every  77  seconds.  the  company  responded  by  helping  the  company  build  an  iotenabled  factory  with  hundreds  of  robots  linked  to  a  private  cloud.  the  plant  can  produce  more  than  800  vehicles  each  day.  shipping  millions  of  containers  to  121  countries  across  the  world,  the  danish  company  has  embraced  the  internet  of  things  to  keep  track  of  its  assets  and  optimize  fuel  consumption  and  the  routes  of  its  ships.  the  technology  has  proven  to  be  especially  useful  for  refrigerated  containers,  whose  contents  could  spoil  in  the  absence  of  tight  temperature  control.  because  the  company  spends  some  1
__label__productinspection billion  annually  on  transporting  empty  shipping  containers,  maersk  has  enlisted  sensors  and  data  analytics  applications  to  inform  how  it  stores  and  locates  them.  the  company  is  using  to  optimize  its  supply  chain  operations  further.  austrian  automotive  manufacturer  magna  steyr  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  smart  factories.  the  company,  which  has  161,000  employees  internationally,  can  precisely  track  assets  ranging  from  tools  to  vehicle  parts,  automatically  ordering  a  replenishment  when  necessary.  magna  is  also  testing  the  use  of  smart  packaging,  enhancing  it  with  bluetooth,  to  help  keep  track  of  components  in  its  warehouses.  vehicles  within  its  facilities  help  ferry  components
__label__productinspection through  plants  during  assembly,  optimizing  routes  dynamically.  magna  has  a  long  history  in  custom  automotive  manufacturing,  building  different  types  of  cars  on  the  same  assembly  line  since  1999.  now,  it  uses  wearable  technology  to  help  guide  its  employees  in  the  production  of  bespoke  vehicles.  last  year,  the  company  won  the  automotiveinnovations  award  from  the  center  of  automotive  management  and  pwc  germany.  has  enjoyed  a  high  profile  since  fitbit  was  founded  a  decade  ago,  but  the  underlying  use  cases  for  most  consumergrade  wearable  devices  has  arguably  changed  little  since  then.  in  the  industrial  realm,  however,  steelmaker  north  star  bluescope  steel  has
__label__productinspection deployed  wearables  in  helmets  and  wristbands  in  a  proofofconcept  project  to  help  managers  track  employee  safety  and  spot  hazardous  scenarios  before  they  lead  to  injuries.  the  wearables  also  track  health  metrics  such  as  body  temperature,  pulse  and  activity  levels,  enabling  supervisors  to  give  taxed  workers  a  break  when  necessary.  in  addition,  the  steel  producer  is  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  extremes  in  environmental  temperature  as  well  as  the  presence  of  radiation  and  toxic  gases.  have  created  innovative  technology  that  divides  the  power  grid  into  an  array  of  microgrids  that  can  each  be  managed  independently.  this  strategy  can  help  utilities  manage
__label__productinspection the  complicated  network  of  energy  that  spans  everything  from  solar  panels  to  windmills  to  traditional  natural  gas,  coal  and  nuclear  plants.  will  become  a  necessity.  the  traditional  monolithic  method  of  transmitting  electric  power  is  simply  not  up  to  the  task  of  managing  a  grid  that  derives  most  of  its  power  from  renewable  sources.  the  british/australian  mining  conglomerate  launched  an  innovative  automated  mining  initiative  in  pilbara,  a  remote  region  in  western  australia  with  deep  reserves  of  iron  ore.  driverless  trucks  and  trains  haul  ore  away  from  the  mining  sites  while  an  autonomous  drill  technology  enables  a  remote  worker  to  oversee  multiple
__label__productinspection drills  from  a  single  console.  may  be  in  its  future  as  well.  the  company  has  a  control  center  complex  in  perth  that  connects  to  its  mines  as  well  as  its  rail  and  port  operations,  where  engineers,  analysts,  programmers  and  technicians  remotely  guide  mining  operations.  named  the  most  innovative  company  in  a  survey  from  in  2016,  shell  reports  that  its  smart  can  obtain  10  more  oil  and  5  more  gas  than  traditional  fields.  the  company  links  its  hightech  wells  with  fiberoptic  cable  that  allows  remote  employees  to  monitor  operations  remotely.  the  company  recently  launched  a  digital  twin  initiative  for  an  offshore
__label__productinspection rig  in  the  southern  north  sea.  the  maker  of  industrial  and  household  tools  is  an  iiot  projects  pioneer  in  several  respects.  the  company,  which  operates  16  core  business  units,  has  deployed  connected  applications  for  everything  from  commercial  security  to  its  manufacturing  facilities  to  connected  tooling  used  in  its  customers  factories.  the  companys  program  in  reynosa,  mexico,  led  to  a  24  increase  in  production  of  routers  used  for  woodworking.  where  the  company  really  shines,  though,  is  in  its  connected  job  site  initiative,  which  uses  radio  signals  to  help  monitor  the  location  of  tools,  monitor  construction  progress  and  comply  with  osha  rules.
__label__productinspection the  companys  dewalt  division  is  also  launching  an  initiative  known  as  ,  which  will  use  a  wifi  mesh  network  and  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  workers  and  equipment  across  the  job  site.  already,  dewalt  has  debuted  a  connected  battery  service  that  can  not  only  monitor  battery  levels  but  shut  down  tools  if  a  thief  attempts  to  remove  them  from  a  defined  area.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  we  are  delighted  to  announce  denis  garagic,  chief  scientist  ai  machine  learning  at  bae  systems  as
__label__productinspection a  speaker  at  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of
__label__productinspection are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__productinspection begin  your  industrial  iot  journey  with  our  smart  production  line  monitoring  solution  softweb  smart  factory  is  a  smart  production  line  monitoring  solution  powered  by  ai  and  iot  technologies,  which  empowers  you  to  monitor  everything  on  the  shop  floor  from  a  centralized,  live  dashboard.  our  industrial  automation  solution  involves  highly  trained  machine  learning  algorithms  that  can  predict  machine  failures  and  brings  higher  operational  intelligence  that  your  legacy  system  was  not  able  to  perform.  our  industry  4.0  solution  enables  manufacturers  to  connect  multiple  production  lines  and  machines,  acquire  data  at  different  stages  of  production  from  several  disparate  sources,  and  develop  capabilities  like
__label__productinspection remote  monitoring,  edge  analytics,  and  predictive  maintenance,  and  digital  twin.  most  commonly  asked  questions  regarding  smart  factory  solution  it  depends  on  the  readiness  of  your  infrastructure  and  the  business  use  case.  however,  if  you  are  already  collecting  and  storing  data  in  any  way,  it  would  not  take  much  time  for  set  up  and  installation.  in  case  you  have  any  specific  customization  requirements  for  dashboard  and  reports,  then  it  may  affect  the  timeline.  yes,  of  course.  we  just  need  to  assess  your  infrastructure  and  identify  data  points  so  that  our  technical  team  can  guide  you  further.  we  will  then  integrate  your
__label__productinspection current  machines  and  help  you  make  sense  of  your  data.  during  the  assessment,  our  technical  team  will  identify  machines  which  are  smart,  semismart,  and  dumb.  smart  machines  can  be  connected  directly  to  the  cloud.  semismart  machines  can  provide  a  few  data  points  directly  to  cloud  and  require  external  sensors/actuators  in  order  to  send  any  other  data  points.  dumb  devices  cannot  provide  any  data  and  require  external  sensors/actuators  to  connect  and  send  particular  data  to  the  cloud.  yes.  our  engineers  will  visit  your  facility  to  get  a  full  understanding  of  your  infrastructure  and  identify  the  solution  on  how  to  make  your
__label__productinspection machines  or  assets  iot  enabled.  in  case  of  totally  dumb  devices,  we  can  always  set  up  an  internet  connection  using  external  sensors  and  actuators.  yes,  smart  factory  can  be  implemented  with  the  existing  thirdparty  cloud  service  provider.  in  this  scenario,  solution  will  collect  the  data  from  the  thirdparty  cloud  storage  and  store  it  to  iot  cloud.  the  solution  will  then  use  the  data  from  the  iot  cloud  only.  the  security  of  your  data  is  paramount  to  us.  all  communication  is  secured  with  ssl  and  tls  protocols  to  ensure  secured  device  management  and  connectivity  management.  solution  uses  oauth2  authentication  which  will
__label__productinspection enable  thirdparty  applications  to  access  the  user  accounts  on  an  http  service.  it  depends  upon  the  use  case.  to  discuss  further,  please  contact  at  yes.  the  solution  allows  user  to  add  multiple  factories  situated  at  different  locations.  each  factory  can  be  divided  into  particular  floors,  production  lines,  stages/processes.  users  can  always  view  the  generic  dashboard  along  with  the  combined  kpi  values  or  the  individual  kpi  values  for  each  factory.  we  can  customize  the  dashboard/reports  as  per  your  requirements.  our  team  can  walk  you  through  the  smart  factory  demo  to  help  you  realize  how  iot  can  digitize  your  business  process  and
__label__productinspection create  opportunities  of  increased  factory  productivity,  leading  you  towards  smart  manufacturing.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  plano,  tx  75024  br  /span  stylecolor:3db3ea;phone  :/span  4696269333/span  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  elgin,  il  60124  br  /span  stylecolor:3db3ea;phone  :/span  8663457638  8663457638  iotconnect  is  a  product  of  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__productinspection products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  5  production  line  challenges  that  a  smart  factory  solution  can  help  you  to  overcome  the  world  is  changing  dramatically  today.  the  desire  to  take
__label__productinspection business  to  a  new  level  drives  the  will  of  entrepreneurs.  to  get  a  better  result  and  generate  more  profit,  businessmen  are  investing  tremendously  in  technologies  to  enhance  the  manufacturing  processes.  they  are  having  state  of  the  art  machinery  that  can  accomplish  a  task  in  few  hours,  which  initially  would  take  a  couple  of  days  to  finish.  however,  the  essential  data  that  make  these  machineries  work  efficiently  has  to  be  taken  down  manually  on  paper.  because  of  these  manual  processes,  the  job  on  the  production  line  may  deviate  from  the  accuracy  it  was  supposed  to  maintain.  in  this  technology  driven  world,
__label__productinspection why  not  use  the  benefits  and  advantages  the  latest  technologies  provide.  one  such  solution  that  can  drive  better  results  from  your  production  lines  is  an  .  to  give  you  a  brief  idea  about  the  benefits  you  can  get  from  a  smart  factory  or  a  ,  allow  us  to  show  how  you  can  get  over  certain  challenges  you  might  be  facing  in  your  factory.  there  are  many  industries  that  lack  a  proper  infrastructure  or  tools  to  monitor  the  complete  production  line  from  a  central  location.  this  results  in  a  delay  in  transferring  the  information  to  the  respective  authorities.  whether  one  needs
__label__productinspection currently  running  job  information,  periodic  report  updates  or  data  to  monitor  operation  of  the  production  line,  having  a  system  that  can  exclusively  perform  all  these  tasks  is  always  a  plus  for  the  factory.  smart  factory  offers  the  supervisor  realtime,  continuous  and  standardized  task  level  data  to  provide  the  detailed  analysis  performance  of  the  factory.  with  a  better  knowledge  of  their  production  lines,  supervisors  can  easily  make  out  the  problematic  areas  and  make  accurate  decisions  to  meet  the  dynamic  demands  of  their  production  lines.  div  classwhitepapersection  idwebinarblogdiv  classwhitepaperleftimg  alt  srchttps://www.softwebsolutions.com/wpcontent/uploads/2018/03/smartfactorywebinarimage.jpg  classalignnone  sizefull  wpimage7776  //divdiv  classwhitepaperrighth3how  the  industrial  iot  takes  production  line
__label__productinspection monitoring  beyond  automation/h3h4webinar  agenda/h4ullipitfalls  of  traditional  manufacturing  processes  and  how  to  overcome/liliwhat  industry  4.0  really  is  and  why  its  a  game  changer/liliit/ot  convergence:  the  key  mantras  in  smart  manufacturing/lilithe  role  of  iot  and  data  analytics  in  the  manufacturing  industry/lilicurrent  market  trends  and  value/lilismart  factory:  the  evolution  not  revolution/lilidemo  and  review  of  smart  production  line  monitoring/liliqamp;a  session/li/ula  targetblank  hrefhttps://go.softwebsolutions.com/resources/industrialiotsolutionsfortheconnectedshopfloor.html  classbtn  btnwhiteon  demand  webinar/a/div/div  in  case  any  of  your  station  is  underutilized  or  over  utilized,  there  are  possibilities  that  you  may  encounter  bottlenecks  and  efficiency  issues.  the  toggle  of  production  line  between  balanced  and  unbalanced  utilization  can  be  the  result  of  manual
__label__productinspection intervention  in  task  assigning  and  setting  the  timing  standards.  these  standards  and  interventions  may  or  may  not  reflect  the  precise  time  consumption  at  a  particular  station  causing  a  delay  in  development  of  the  final  product.  the  quality  control,  data  collection  and  statistical  analysis  functionalities  of  a  smart  factory  solution  are  compatible  with  almost  any  type  of  station  in  a  production  line.  this  solution  offers  the  advantage  of  monitoring  the  average  time  required  to  accomplish  any  interconnected  jobs.  this  in  turn  allows  supervisors  to  have  more  precise  time  estimates  to  appropriately  balance  the  production  line.  there  might  be  instances  when  you
__label__productinspection might  be  thinking  that  you  need  a  solution  for  a  quicker  production  line  changeover.  however,  you  might  be  skipping  this  idea  because  of  the  cost  and  time  involved  in  conducting  a  changeover  process.  it  is  needless  to  say  that  the  process  will  affect  the  production  in  your  factory.  a  smart  factory  solution  offers  rich  insights  that  can  be  used  to  monitor  the  production  line  phase  by  phase.  in  case  of  a  changeover,  the  can  help  in  identifying  the  station  that  is  to  be  changed  or  replaced.  this  precise  information  helps  you  to  cut  the  lengthy  change  over  time  in  half.
__label__productinspection the  lack  of  proper  information  and  data  of  your  production  line  or  unrealistic  insights  may  lead  to  unnecessary  buffers.  these  buffers  may  negatively  affect  a  business  bottom  line.  it  looks  like  the  manufacturing  industry  is  set  to  see  some  evolutionary  changes  with  connected  factory,  offices,  supply  chain,  etc.  a  smart  factory  solution  allows  you  to  monitor  the  cycle  time;  nonconfronting  product  related  tasks  and  production  lead  time.  this  allows  you  to  have  realtime  data  which  in  turn  allows  you  to  make  out  the  station  where  unnecessary  production  is  occurring.  the  overall  process  offers  the  supervisor  access  to  the  data  which
__label__productinspection may  help  them  reduce  or  eliminate  the  issue  causing  the  loss  of  asset  and  time.  in  order  to  be  in  the  business  and  generate  more  profit,  the  quality  of  the  final  product  matters  big  time.  however,  with  the  absence  of  a  proper  platform,  identifying  stations  or  locations  where  the  quality  issues  are  being  generated  may  become  quite  chaotic.  once  the  faulty  station  is  identified,  figuring  out  the  reason  for  the  quality  difference  is  a  different  ball  game  altogether.  a  provides  a  diverse  spectrum  of  information  from  station  to  station  in  a  production  line.  this  allows  users  to  monitor  every  station
__label__productinspection thoroughly  from  a  remote  location.  with  the  help  of  insights  delivered  by  a  smart  factory  solution,  a  factory  can  maintain  the  quality  standards.  softweb  solutions  understands  the  importance  of  the  insights  required  to  monitor,  analyze  and  most  importantly  to  generate  the  desired  profit  from  your  factory.  to  help  you  overcome  the  above  mentioned  challenges  and  situations  similar  to  them,  the  chicago  based  company  presents  its  .  with  softwebs  smart  factory  solution  you  get  accurate  intel  of  your  production  line  which  in  turn  can  help  you  in  taking  your  business  to  a  new  level.  if  you  are  looking  to  in  your
__label__productinspection frontiers  frontiers  office  more  on  impact  the  workplace  of  the  future:  how  current  technologies  will  transform  our  offices,  services  we  use  and  the  industrial  environment  the  editor  and  reviewers  affiliations  are  the  latest  provided  on  their  loop  research  profiles  and  may  not  reflect  their  situation  at  the  time  of  review.  research  advances  in  the  last  decades  have  allowed  the  introduction  of  internet  of  things  iot  concepts  in  several  industrial  application  scenarios,  leading  to  the  socalled  industry  4.0  or  industrial  iot  iiot.  the  industry  4.0  has  the  ambition  to  revolutionize  industry  management  and  business  processes,  enhancing  the  productivity  of  manufacturing  technologies
__label__productinspection through  field  data  collection  and  analysis,  thus  creating  realtime  digital  twins  of  industrial  scenarios.  moreover,  it  is  vital  for  companies  to  be  as  smart  as  possible  and  to  adapt  to  the  varying  nature  of  the  digital  supply  chains.  this  is  possible  by  leveraging  iot  in  industry  4.0  scenarios.  in  this  paper,  we  describe  the  renovation  process,  guided  by  things2i  s.r.l.,  a  crossdisciplinary  engineeringeconomic  spinoff  company  of  the  university  of  parma,  which  a  real  manufacturing  industry  is  undergoing  over  consecutive  phases  spanning  a  few  years.  the  first  phase  concerns  the  digitalization  of  the  control  quality  process,  specifically  related  to  the  companys
__label__productinspection production  lines.  the  use  of  paper  sheets  containing  different  quality  checks  has  been  made  smarter  through  the  introduction  of  a  digital,  smart,  and  webbased  application,  which  is  currently  supporting  operators  and  quality  inspectors  working  on  the  supply  chain  through  the  use  of  smart  devices.  the  second  phase  of  the  iiot  evolutioncurrently  ongoingconcerns  both  digitalization  and  optimization  of  the  production  planning  activity,  through  an  innovative  webbased  planning  tool.  the  changes  introduced  have  led  to  significant  advantages  and  improvement  for  the  manufacturing  company,  in  terms  of:  i  impressive  cost  reduction;  ii  better  products  quality  control;  iii  realtime  detection  and  reaction  to  supply
__label__productinspection chain  issues;  iv  significant  reduction  of  the  time  spent  in  planning  activity;  and  v  resources  employment  optimization,  thanks  to  the  minimization  of  unproductive  setup  times  on  production  lines.  these  two  renovation  phases  represent  a  basis  for  possible  future  developments,  such  us  the  integration  of  sensorbased  data  on  the  operational  status  of  production  machines  and  the  currently  available  warehouse  supplies.  in  conclusion,  the  industry  4.0based  ongoing  digitization  process  guided  by  things2i  allows  to  continuously  collect  heterogeneous  humantothings  h2t  data,  which  can  be  used  to  optimize  the  partner  manufacturing  company  as  a  whole  entity.  in  the  last  decades,  there  has  been  a
__label__productinspection digital  revolution  in  manufacturing  factories,  especially  related  to  the  adoption  of  new  digital  tools  for  the  company  and  business  processes  management.  today,  we  are  participating  to  the  ongoing  convergence  of  real  and  virtual  worlds,  which  can  be  considered  as  the  main  driver  of  innovation  and  changes  in  all  sectors  of  our  industrial  economy.  moreover,  the  progressive  establishment  of  information  and  communication  technology  ict  and  the  possibility  to  employ  modern  technologies  to  collect  continuously  growing  amount  of  data,  are  strongly  changing  the  concept  of  company.  hence,  the  first  change  in  the  industrial  scenarios  corresponds  to  an  advanced  digitalization  process  that,  in
__label__productinspection combination  with  internetbased  and  futureoriented  technologies  including,  as  an  example,  smart  objectssos,  leads  to  the  new  paradigm  of  the  industrial  production  denoted  as  industry  4.0.  this  new  concept,  whose  name  is  also  due  to  the  fact  that  this  wave  of  changes  is  considered  as  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  in  modern  history,  promotes  the  vision  of  a  factory  as  a  modular  and  efficient  manufacturing  system,  in  which  the  products  control  their  own  manufacturing  process.  industry  4.0  is  strongly  related  to  the  industrial  iot  iiot  paradigm,  which  is  still  in  an  explorative  stage.  at  this  time,  there  seems  to  be  no  clear
__label__productinspection solutions,  generally  employed  in  manufacturing  industries,  that  can  bridge  the  gap  between  iot  and  legacy  systems.  nevertheless,  there  are  many  uses  cases  and  iot  deployments  offering  a  rapid  return  and  enabling  manufacturers  to  realize  digital  transformations  from  several  perspectives:  efficiency,  automation,  customercentricity,  competitive  benefits,  together  with  the  advantages  offered  by  using  data  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain,  thus  turning  into  new  revenue  sources;  this  undoubtedly  represents  a  key  aspect  of  digital  transformation  in  manufacturing,  as  highlighted  by  .  in  industries  there  are  many  opportunities  to  leverage  iot  in  connecting  physical  and  digital  worlds,  collecting  data  from  various  assets  such  as
__label__productinspection machines,  production  assets,  and  various  additional  objects  not  strictly  related  to  the  production  process,  generating  a  vast  information  network  as  described  by  and  .  as  highlighted  before,  even  in  this  case  this  innovation  process  is  an  important  element,  since  in  manufacturingoriented  companies,  we  typically  tend  to  think  about  physical  goods  and  products,  while  bigger  opportunities  for  manufacturers  come  and  lie  in  cyberphysical  systems  cps,  looking  to  new  service  economy  models  and  information  opportunities.  in  this  work,  we  present  the  description  of  the  innovation  and  digitalization  process,  following  the  industry  4.0  paradigm,  implemented  in  a  partner  company  in  order  to  improve
__label__productinspection its  performance  in  the  overall  departments,  through  the  introduction  of  modern  technologies  in  the  business  processes  in  both  control  quality  and  production  planning  tasks.  the  process  has  been  completely  guided  by  things2i,  a  crossdisciplinary  engineeringeconomic  spinoff  of  the  university  of  parma  and,  in  particular,  involves  two  applications:  the  first  one,  denoted  as  smartfactory  ,  has  been  developed  to  improve  the  production  monitoring  and  the  control  quality  activities.  the  second  application,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  is  a  webbased  tool  aiming  at  supporting  the  production  planning  staff  in  the  complex  activity  of  scheduling  the  manufacturing  orders  on  the  production  lines  proper  of
__label__productinspection the  partner  company.  finally,  we  will  discuss  about  iotbased  evaluation  of  the  developed  systems.  the  rest  of  this  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  in  section  2,  an  overview  of  related  works  on  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  and  digitalization  adoption  is  provided.  in  section  3,  a  description  of  the  partner  company  and  of  its  internal  business  organization  is  given.  in  section  4,  a  detailed  overview  of  the  innovations  adopted  in  order  to  improve  the  performance  of  the  control  quality  department  is  presented.  a  detailed  description  of  the  second  phase  of  the  digitalization  process  actuated  in  the  target  company  is  detailed  in
__label__productinspection section  5,  while  in  section  6  an  overview  of  future  developments  is  presented.  finally,  conclusions  are  drawn  in  section  7.  among  the  different  technologies  characterizing  the  evolution  process  of  a  company,  the  erp  adoption  is  one  of  the  most  important,  due  to  the  significant  effects  that  it  could  have  on  the  entire  production  process.  several  studies  highlight  that  companies,  depending  on  their  size,  approach  erp  implementations  in  different  ways,  and  have  to  face  heterogeneous  issues.  at  the  same  time,  it  has  been  also  demonstrated  that  benefits  coming  from  the  erp  adoption  differ  on  the  basis  of  the  company  size  itself:
__label__productinspection argue  that,  in  general,  smaller  companies  benefit  of  better  performance  in  manufacturing  and  logistics,  while  larger  companies  show  improvements  and  benefits  in  financial  fields.  regardless  of  the  company  size,  understanding,  and  optimizing  business  processes  represents  a  success  factor  in  fastchanging  environments,  like  the  one  proper  of  previously  highlighted  scenarios.  improved  the  definition  of  erp,  highlighting  that  it  allows  to  better  manage  resources,  integrate  processes,  and  enforce  data  integrity,  while  it  has  to  include  integrated  modules  for  accounting,  finance,  sales  and  distribution,  human  resources,  materials  management  and  other  business  functions  based  on  a  common  architecture  that  links  the  enterprise  to  both
__label__productinspection customers  and  suppliers.  moreover,  erps  allow  a  seamless  integration  of  processes  across  functional  areas  with  improved  workflow,  standardization  of  various  business  practices,  improved  order  management,  accurate  accounting  of  inventory,  and  better  supply  chain  management.  hence,  as  highlighted  by  ,  the  adoption  of  an  erp  has  different  effects  on  the  companys  lifecycle,  thus  involving  interventions  in  different  aspects  and  layers  of  the  business,  ranging  from  higher  layers  e.g.,  ebusiness  to  lower  layers  e.g.,  infactory  supply  chain  management.  analyzes  the  effects  of  the  introduction  of  erps  on  the  operative  side,  highlighting  that  companies  of  different  sizes  tend  to  follow  a  different  behavior
__label__productinspection in  their  implementations.  in  particular,  there  are  differences  between  large  and  small  enterprises  over  a  range  of  issues,  including:  i  the  motivation  that  leads  to  the  adoption  of  an  erp  system  in  the  factory;  ii  the  kind  of  adopted  system;  iii  the  implementation  strategies  effectively  adopted;  and  iv  the  customization  and  reengineerings  degree  of  the  system  operating  with  the  erp.  moreover,  and  highlight  that  there  exist  several  differences  even  in  the  outcomes  attained  to  an  erp  adoption,  in  particular  regarding  the  relationship  between  structural  variables  proper  of  a  company  e.g.,  industry  type,  size,  and  organizational  structure  and  their  impact  on
__label__productinspection various  operations,  having  that  the  organizational  size  is  the  most  frequently  examined  issues  associated  with  innovation,  rd  expenditures,  and  market  power.  thus,  suggests  that  small  companies  tend  to  lag  behind  large  factories  in  implementing  new  technologies,  also  employing  different  practices,  whereas  larger  manufacturers  are  more  likely  to  be  early  adopters  of  information  technology  innovations,  being  also  more  suited  to  have  an  internal  it  office  handling  all  the  networking  operations.  other  aspects  that  have  to  be  kept  in  mind  in  choosing  an  erp  system  are:  i  the  software  installation  complexitythis,  however,  normally  represents  just  a  part  of  the  process,  due  to
__label__productinspection the  fact  that  a  successful  erp  implementation  involves  more  than  having  sophisticated  software  and  advanced  computing  technologies;  ii  the  motivation  guiding  a  company  to  implement  an  erp;  iii  the  type  of  erp  that  is  to  be  implemented  and  the  resulting  system  configuration;  iv  the  implementation  strategies  adopted  by  the  manufacturing  company;  v  the  degree  of  customization  required  to  the  erp  developers;  and  vi  the  implementation  cost  required  by  the  erp  adoption,  with  the  consequent  investment  revenues  and  returns.  based  on  these  additional  aspects  ;  state  that  smaller  companies  are  more  likely  to  change  their  processes  to  fit  the  system,  while
__label__productinspection larger  companies  are  more  likely  to  customize  the  system.  this  leads  to  the  fact  that  any  change  to  the  system  can  have  major  implications.  generally,  modifications  lead  to  higher  costs,  longer  implementation  times  and  more  complicated  implementations.  another  key  point,  which  raised  attention  in  the  last  decade  and  is  characterizing  the  evolution  process  of  a  company,  relates  to  the  digitalizationor  digital  transformation  processwhich  has  been  identified  as  one  of  the  major  trends  changing  society  and  business,  since  digitalization  causes  changes  for  companies  due  to  the  adoption  of  digital  technologies  in  the  operation  environment  or  in  the  organization.  and  highlight  that
__label__productinspection the  changes  introduced  by  the  digitalization  can  cover  different  factory  levels,  such  as  i  the  process  level  streamlining  processes  by  reducing  manual  steps  and  adopting  new  digital  tools,  ii  the  organization  level  offering  new  services  and  existing  services  in  new  ways,  and  discarding  obsolete  practices,  iii  the  business  domain  level  changing  value  chains  and  roles  inside  ecosystems,  and  iv  the  society  level  e.g.,  changing  type  of  work.  and  motivate  the  fact  that  replacing  paper  and  manual  processes  with  softwarebased  solutions  allows  to  automatically  and  quickly  collect  data  that  can  be  mined  to  better  understand  the  rick  causes  and  the  process
__label__productinspection performance.  finally,  and  highlight  the  importance  of  the  user  interfaces  which  a  digitalization  process  has  to  be  equipped  with,  where  realtime  reports  and  dashboards  on  digitalprocess  performance  allow  managers  to  address  problems  before  they  become  critical.  the  factory  target  of  the  activities  described  in  this  paper  has  been  founded  at  the  end  of  1970s  and  represents  an  important  independent  thermoplastic  hose  manufacturer  for  medium,  high,  and  very  high  pressures.  the  company  head  quarter  hq  and  the  production  factory  are  located  in  italy,  where  thermoplastic  hoses  are  produced  and  assembled.  through  a  network  of  relevant  distributors,  the  produced  hoses  are  then
__label__productinspection distributed  in  65  different  countries  around  the  worlds.  the  annual  company  workload  can  be  assessed  in  more  than  13  millions  meters  42  millions  feet  of  hoses,  made  for  different  industrial  employments,  such  as:  hydraulic  systems  for  forklifts,  aerial  platforms,  cranes,  mobile  devices,  rescue  tooling,  high  pressure  sewer  jetting,  gas  and  water  supply,  paint  spray  markets,  and  air  conditioning  and  refrigeration.  niche  markets  are  also  covered  with,  as  an  example,  hoses  for  air  breathable  management  systems  and  applications  where  high  temperatures  or  aggressive  fluids  resistance  are  required.  more  in  detail,  as  of  today,  the  company  activity  focuses  on  four  major  segments:
__label__productinspection ,  with  thermoplastic  hoses  for  hydraulic  applications;  ,  with  thermoplastic  hoses  for  industrial  applications;  ,  with  hoses  for  very  high  pressures  up  to  4,000  bar/58,000  psi;  ,  corresponding  to  a  product  line  composed  of  thermoplastic  hoses  and  fittings  for  air  conditioning  and  refrigeration.  the  high  quality  standards  followed  by  the  company  for  its  products  and  services  have  made  its  success  at  the  international  level  and  have  driven  its  constant  attention  to  technological  innovation  and  modern  research,  in  order  to  continuously  improve  each  stage  in  production  and  organization  activities.  the  production  activity  of  the  company  is  divided  into  7  departments,  where
__label__productinspection a  single  production  phase  is  performed.  each  thermoplastic  article  is  thus  produced  across  a  few  consecutive  departments  which  are  shared,  with  different  configurations,  among  the  production  processes  of  several  articles.  moreover,  each  department  has  one  or  more  lines  that  can  work  simultaneously.  the  main  actors  operating  in  the  company  and  being  involved  in  the  activities  related  to  this  work  are  mainly  the  following  three.  :  they  are  in  charge  of  controlling  and  organizing  the  production  schedule  of  all  lines  available  in  the  factory,  taking  into  account  i  the  desired  stock  policy  and  ii  the  commissions  and  orders  placed  from  customers.
__label__productinspection :  they  are  responsible  to  perform  continuous  checks  on  products  and  semifinished  products  directly  on  the  lines  in  the  factory.  each  qi  is  assigned  to  a  set  of  lines,  and  each  item  produced  in  the  company  has  a  predefined  set  of  checks  that  should  be  performed  to  guarantee  conformity  to  quality  standards.  for  this  reason,  during  the  manufacturing  activity,  the  qis,  conforming  to  the  diary  schedule  defined  by  psms,  move  between  lines,  in  order  to  inspect  the  production  process.  :  they  are  responsible  for  preparing  and  activating  the  production  machines  on  the  production  lines,  conforming  to  the  diary  schedule.  some
__label__productinspection production  lines  require  a  dedicated  lo  to  work,  while,  in  other  cases,  a  single  lo  can  simultaneously  manage  few  lines.  when  machines  on  lines  are  active,  los  have  to  take  measurement  to  monitor  the  production,  and  also  perform  self  quality  checks  on  the  hoses,  which  are  then  validated  by  qis.  the  aspects  of  the  manufacturing  process  that  are  of  interest  for  the  digitalization  process  described  in  this  paper  are  mainly  two,  namely:  the  manufacturing  process  monitoring  and  the  production  planning  management.  in  the  following,  the  management  of  these  two  aspects  in  the  target  company,  before  the  digitalization  introduction  are  described
__label__productinspection in  detail.  in  order  to  maintain  and  guarantee  to  customers  an  always  growing  quality  level  of  produced  items,  the  company  has  defined  a  precise  protocol  to  be  followed  during  the  manufacturing  process.  more  in  detail,  after  the  definition  of  the  schedule  for  each  line,  performed  by  psms,  each  article  to  be  produced  is  separated  into  a  set  of  n  manufacturing  orders  mo,  one  per  department  involved  in  the  productive  process.  each  mo  is  then  assigned  to  a  specific  line  in  the  factory.  in  this  way,  a  lo  working  on  a  production  line  is  granted  to  have  a  daily  activity  namely
__label__productinspection a  list  of  mos  to  perform  on  the  line  which  he/she  is  responsible  for.  the  protocol  of  manufacturing  monitoring  defined  by  the  company  and  set  up  during  the  years  of  its  activity  was  initially  performed  through  the  use  of  mo  forms  mofs  printed  on  paper  sheets.  even  though  each  department  in  the  company  has  a  specific  layout  for  the  mof,  in  terms  of  input  information  types  and  number  of  sections,  one  can  find  a  common  set  of  sections.  some  of  the  sections  are  descriptive,  aiming  at  showing  some  important  information  for  the  manufacturing  process  i.e.,  configurations,  measures,  customizations;  some  other
__label__productinspection are  instead  input  sections  and  require  that  someone  among  los,  qis,  or  psms  inserts  some  data  or  measurements.  the  possible  section  types  identified  during  the  preliminary  analysis  activity  are  described  in  the  following  and  depicted  in  .  .  possible  sections  of  the  mof  sheets  and  examples  of  filled  out  mofs.  the  header  section  does  not  require  any  input,  and  simply  identifies  the  mof  type,  among  the  overall  available,  through  the  title  together  with  a  start  date  and  an  order  alphanumeric  code.  the  manufacturing  order  description  section  is  another  part  of  the  documents  which  does  not  require  any  input  from  los,
__label__productinspection hence  is  containing  a  list  of  textual  information  describing  the  steps  needed  for  the  order  completion  and  the  machine  configuration.  the  material  list  section  contains  the  names  and  quantity  of  the  raw  materials  that  should  be  used  by  los  during  the  manufacturing  process:  depending  on  the  kind  of  mo,  this  section  may  differ  in  some  aspects  such  as,  for  example,  in  the  structure  of  the  list  and  the  shown  details.  nevertheless,  the  overall  material  lists  require  that  the  lo  working  on  the  line  handwrites  in  the  form  the  codes  of  the  material  lots  employed  during  the  production,  in  order  to
__label__productinspection trace  the  use  of  materials.  the  progress  log  section  is  filled  out  by  los  in  order  to  write  the  quantity  of  hose  products  made  during  their  shift.  this  is  motivated  by  the  fact  that  the  completion  of  a  mo  could  require  multiple  work  shifts  and,  in  some  cases,  some  days;  with  this  section,  the  los  can  check  and  trace  the  development  status  of  an  order,  and  inform  los  starting  their  work  in  the  following  shift.  the  quality  checks  section  contains  the  results  of  data  surveys  performed  during  the  production  process,  in  order  to  verify  that  the  products  comply  with  the
__label__productinspection required  standards.  this  section  has  a  different  layout  depending  on  the  mof  type,  as  different  production  articles  require  specific  quality  checks.  moreover,  this  section  is  periodically  filled  out  by  both  los  and  qis.  finally,  the  other  input  section  in  is  used  to  indicate  other  and  more  specific  document  parts,  which  are  present  only  in  some  kinds  of  mofs  and  are  used  to  include  additional  quality  checks,  additional  descriptive  sections,  or  additional  inputs  required  by  the  specific  production  task.  in  general,  these  parts  correspond  to  extra  paper  sheets  printed  and  directly  provided  to  the  operators.  in  ,  some  examples  of  filled
__label__productinspection out  mofs  are  shown.  due  to  their  internal  structure,  most  mof  layouts  can  be  printed  in  a  single  paper  sheet,  while,  in  other  cases,  a  single  mof,  requiring  more  data,  should  be  printed  in  more  pages,  up  to  a  maximum  of  4  pages.  the  protocol  adopted  by  the  company  in  order  to  monitor  the  productive  process  considers  the  following  daily  steps.  1.  each  morning,  the  psm  staff  prints  the  mofs  corresponding  to  the  mos  planned  for  the  current  work  day.  2.  the  printed  mofs  are  distributed  and  delivered  to  the  supervisors  of  all  factory  departments.  then,  the  supervisor  subdivides  the
__label__productinspection mofs  on  each  departments  production  line.  3.  each  lo  starts  his/her  work  and,  during  the  shift,  fills  out  all  mofs  received  by  the  supervisor.  4.  each  qi  starts  his/her  work  and,  moving  among  the  lines,  he/she  periodically  completes  the  quality  section  of  the  mofs.  5.  in  the  evening,  each  department  supervisor  collects  the  mofs,  corresponding  to  the  completed  mos,  and  delivers  them  to  the  psm  staff.  6.  finally,  the  psm  staff  manually  scans  all  paper  sheets  and  stores  the  obtained  digital  image,  where  inputs  are  only  hand  written.  the  work  related  to  the  production  planning  is  an  extremely  important  and
__label__productinspection timeconsuming  task  for  the  partner  company,  as  it  strongly  affects  both  results  and  performance  of  the  subsequent  activities.  the  planning,  on  one  side,  should  fulfill  the  customer  requirements  and,  on  the  other  side,  should  try  to  use  efficiently  both  machines  and  human  resources  on  the  lines.  this  activity  is  performed  by  the  psm  staff  with  a  sliding  time  window  of  about  2  months.  at  the  beginning  of  the  analysis  described  in  this  paper,  the  production  planning  was  managed  through  the  use  of  excelbased  spreadsheets,  with  different  layouts  and  protocols  depending  on  the  specific  department.  an  example  of  this  kind  of
__label__productinspection spreadsheet  is  shown  in  ,  in  which  each  row  represents  a  production  line  in  the  department,  while  each  column  represents  a  working  day.  the  thermoplastic  hose  items  to  be  produced,  with  their  required  quantity  measured  in  meters,  are  placed  inside  the  excel  cells  whose  intersection  identifies  the  evasion  of  an  order  on  a  specific  working  day  and  on  a  specific  production  line.  in  order  to  improve  the  productivity  per  line,  each  single  production  line  is  able  to  produce  more  than  one  article  per  day.  .  production  planning  spreadsheet  example.  as  can  be  easily  understood,  this  manual  process  is  extremely  complicated
__label__productinspection and  timeconsuming  for  the  psms,  because  it  requires  to  take  into  account  several  factors,  such  as  those  explained  in  the  following  sections,  and  is  not  exempt  from  possible  errors  during  data  insertion.  the  first  aspect  that  has  to  be  considered  in  activity  planning  is  related  to  the  items  namely,  the  articles  that  have  to  be  produced.  handling  this  task  requires  to  take  into  account  several  factors,  such  as:  i  the  number  of  orders  requested  by  the  customers;  ii  the  minimum  stock  quantity  of  goods  that  the  company  desires  to  maintain;  and  iii  the  workload  of  the  lines,  as  it  is
__label__productinspection desirable  to  schedule  the  activities  without  any  production  interruption  and  guarantying  continuity.  the  company,  during  the  years  of  its  activity,  has  incrementally  acquired  different  machines  with  heterogeneous  characteristics,  in  terms  of  efficiency  and  work  velocity.  because  of  this,  the  same  article  may  require  a  different  production  time  depending  on  its  specific  production  line  and  the  corresponding  machines:  the  newer  ones  can  work  faster,  while  the  older  ones  may  require  more  time.  moreover,  each  article  has  a  suitable  optimal  production  speed.  considering  this  element,  the  psms  have  to  often  perform  a  research  in  the  historical  data,  to  find  the  last  production
__label__productinspection line  and  speed  at  which  the  specific  article  has  been  produced.  since  the  production  lines  are  always  managed  by  a  lo,  the  planning  activity  must  take  into  account  the  availability  of  the  workers  during  each  working  day.  the  information  related  to  the  holidays,  permissions,  diseases  and  absences  of  the  workers  are  stored  in  an  external  software  that  must  be  checked  during  the  planning  process,  each  time  the  planning  process  task  has  to  be  executed.  more  in  detail,  psms  should  know  the  total  number  of  available  hours,  for  each  working  day  and  factory  department.  in  this  way,  person  hours  can  be
__label__productinspection allocated  on  production  lines  during  activity  planning.  as  stated  before,  the  company  can  rely  on  several  machines,  distributed  in  various  departments,  with  different  performance.  in  order  to  start  the  production,  each  machine  has  to  be  configured  and  loaded  with  a  specific  amount  of  raw  material  required  by  the  production  schedule.  this  activity,  here  denoted  as  start  delay  ,  can  require  from  0  to  150  min,  and  must  be  repeated  each  time  a  restart  of  the  machines  on  the  line  is  needed.  other  aspects  to  deal  with  are  the  setup  delays  ,  comprising  all  the  delays  introduced  when  raw  materials  should
__label__productinspection be  substituted  with  other  ones.  as  an  example,  since  the  company  analyzed  here  can  produce  hoses  of  different  colors,  if  the  production  planning  switches  from  an  article  with  color  color  to  an  article  with  color  color  ,  the  lo  on  the  line  has  to  perform  the  following  actions:  i  empty  the  machine  from  thermoplastic  residues  of  color  color  ;  ii  clean  the  machine  to  remove  traces  of  color  ;  iii  load  the  machine  with  the  new  thermoplastic  material  with  color  ;  and  iv  setup  the  machine  to  start  the  production.  this  kind  of  operations  can  require  up  to  4  h,
__label__productinspection which  represents  a  detrimental  in  terms  of  wasted  time  eventuality,  corresponding  to  50  of  a  regular  work  shift.  if  the  psms  ignore  start  and  setup  delays  in  the  planning  activity,  the  production  rate  can  significantly  degrade.  therefore,  it  is  extremely  important  to  minimize  these  setup  times,  maintaining,  whenever  possible,  a  production  continuity  of  articles  characterized  by  similar  characteristics  such  as  colors  and  materials.  at  the  end  of  the  planning  process,  the  psms  have  filled  an  excel  file  for  a  predefined  time  slot  generally,  1  month.  in  order  to  share  the  planning  with  the  production  departments,  the  psms  have  to  manually
__label__productinspection insert  the  planned  orders,  one  by  one,  into  the  companys  erp  system.  moreover,  a  copy  of  the  week  planning  is  printed  on  paper  sheets  for  the  supervisors  of  each  production  department.  the  same  behavior  happens  when  the  production  planning  should  be  modified  because  of  delays  and/or  urgent  requests  coming  from  the  customers.  even  if  activities  in  the  partner  company  are  well  organized  and  coordinated,  the  production  management  operated  through  paper  sheets  introduces  several  delays  and  does  not  scale,  considering  the  gradually  growing  workload  for  the  production.  also  the  planning  phase  has  become  extremely  timeconsuming,  from  a  management  point  of  view,
__label__productinspection as  it  requires  to  take  into  account  a  large  number  of  details,  and  a  deep  knowledge  of  the  production  departments  characteristics.  due  to  these  reasons,  the  hq  management  has  decided  to  start  a  digitalization  process  with  the  aim  of  gradually  removing  inefficiencies  and  simplify  processes.  the  company  is  already  equipped  with  an  erp  system  that  needs  to  be  extended  and  integrated  in  order  to  manage  also  the  aspects  still  involving  the  use  of  paper.  in  the  following,  the  main  identified  issues  and  requirements  are  thus  summarized.  considering  the  manufacturing  process  monitoring  activity,  the  company  has  highlighted  several  issues,  among  which
__label__productinspection the  difficulty  in  managing  updates  in  the  production  program  is  the  most  important  one.  in  fact,  if  an  order  requires  a  modification,  the  steps  to  be  followed  to  perform  this  change  are  the  following:  i  the  order  is  updated  in  the  company  erp  by  the  psm  and  a  new  mof  version  is  generated;  ii  the  new  copy  of  the  pof  is  printed;  and  iii  the  paper  sheet  is  given  to  the  lo  on  the  line  in  the  involved  department.  this  operation  can  take  even  an  hour  or  more,  if  the  involved  production  order  has  already  started.  another  important  weakness  identified
__label__productinspection is  that  data  related  to  production  checks  and  monitoring  are  handwritten  and  stored  as  images,  so  that  it  is  impossible  to  exploit  them  in  post  production  analysis  or,  more  simply,  there  is  no  way  to  perform  searches  and  analyses  in  documents  with  automated  tools.  moreover,  data  handwriting  is  easily  prone  to  errors,  alterations,  and  checks  are  extremely  difficult  as  an  example,  if  a  lo  or  a  qi  make  an  error  in  writing  a  lot  code  number  or  a  thickness  measurement.  finally,  the  time  required  for  the  pofs  management  in  the  whole  company  is  very  long,  considering  all  the  steps,  namely
__label__productinspection print,  distribution,  form  filling,  and  data  collection  and  scanning.  in  fact,  in  the  partner  company  there  is  a  specific  employee  who  is  exclusively  dedicated  to  this  activity.  for  this  reason,  the  company  was  interested  in  starting  a  digitalization  process  with  the  aim  of  replacing  paper  sheets  with  a  crossplatform  and  smart  application,  to  be  used  by  all  the  actors  involved  in  the  production  monitoring  task,  through  the  use  of  mobile  devicesin  particular,  tabletswhich  represent  a  viable  and  efficient  solution  where  the  use  of  pcs  is  not  possible  e.g.,  next  to  factory  lines.  instead,  considering  the  production  planning  activity,  one  of
__label__productinspection the  main  issues  highlighted  by  the  company  is  the  impossibility  to  calculate,  in  a  realistic  way,  the  time  required  for  the  production  of  an  article  on  a  specific  line.  this  is  due  to  the  fact  that  the  production  time  can  be  calculated  only  considering  all  the  aspects  already  highlighted  in  section  3.2:  this  requires  the  psms  to  retrieve  all  needed  data  asking  information  from  different  data  sources  and  software  including,  for  example:  the  company  erp  for  stock  levels;  the  external  software  to  determine  available  los;  the  historical  machine  data  on  lines  to  define  the  correct  production  velocity  to  use;  and
__label__productinspection so  on.  this  approach  is  not  scalable,  as  it  makes  psms  waste  a  lot  of  time  and  requires  a  deep  knowledge  of  the  production  processes.  moreover,  also  in  this  case  there  is  a  clear  difficult  in  efficiently  coping  with  production  request  updates,  since  each  modification  in  the  production  planning  e.g.,  the  deferment  of  an  order  from  a  day  to  the  next  one  can  strongly  affect  the  timing,  on  the  same  line,  of  adjacent  orders,  because  new  start  or  setup  delays  may  be  generated.  for  this  reason,  the  company  was  looking  for  a  new  tool  able  to  manage  all  these  heterogeneous
__label__productinspection data  sources,  thus  automatically  performing  the  calculations  needed  to  define  orders  duration  and  to  notify  the  psms  of  possible  delays.  the  industry  4.0  tool  developed  by  things2i  hides  the  complexity  of  planning  to  the  psms,  making  this  task  easily  manageable  also  to  employees  who  do  not  know  in  detail  all  the  details  associated  with  the  production  processes  and  machines.  in  ,  the  data  flow  going  from  the  planning  phase  to  the  effective  production,  before  the  digitalization  process,  is  summarized.  .  data  flow  in  the  analyzed  company.  the  main  goal  of  the  innovation  process  described  in  this  section,  adopted  in  the
__label__productinspection production  monitoring,  is  to  replace  the  use  of  mofs,  made  by  paper  sheets,  with  a  smart  and  digital  application,  thus  allowing  to:  collect  data,  related  to  the  production,  in  a  fast  and  easy  way;  get  rid  of  costs  related  to  the  printscanning  process;  facilitate  the  work  of  qis  and  los  in  the  different  departments,  through  the  adoption  of  mobile  devices  e.g.,  tablets;  efficiently  manage  updates  and  changes  in  the  production  process,  as  well  as  face  off  with  rising  workload.  in  order  to  abide  by  these  requirements,  a  smart  webbased  application,  denoted  as  smartfactory  ,  has  been  designed  and  developed.  the
__label__productinspection smartfactory  application  is  crossplatform,  as  it  is  used  over  different  platforms  namely,  pcs  and  mobile  tablets,  and  is  designed  to  be  integrated  with  the  company  it  and  erp  systems.  the  first  phase  of  the  process  has  been  devoted  to  a  deep  analysis  of  the  mofs  layout  employed  in  the  different  departments  of  the  company,  in  order  to  characterize  both  nature  and  structure  of  the  data  to  be  collected,  and  to  design  a  coherent  database  infrastructure  able  to  efficiently  store  this  kind  of  data.  the  company  already  relies  on  an  erp  system,  in  which  the  orders  to  be  produced  are  saved:
__label__productinspection on  the  basis  of  these,  mofs  are  generated  and  printed  on  paper  sheets.  the  new  smartfactory  application  has  been  designed  to  interact  with  a  renovated  database  structure,  in  order  to  store  new  data  collected  by  users.  more  in  detail,  the  new  entities  involved  in  the  data  digitalization  process,  shown  in  ,  can  be  described  as  follows.  lines:  the  manufacturing  lines  active  in  the  factory  have  been  described  in  the  erp,  in  order  to  define  their  digital  equivalent  representation.  operators  allocation:  even  if  the  list  of  los  is  already  existing  in  the  companys  erp  system,  the  smartfactory  application  needs  to  know
__label__productinspection the  authorization  information  related  to  which  departments  can  be  accessed  by  each  lo.  manufacturing  orders  layout:  each  mo  belongs  to  a  specific  department  and  is  assigned  to  a  specific  line.  this  uniquely  identifies  the  structure  of  the  pof  and,  because  of  this,  the  possible  sections  composing  pofs  have  been  outlined  in  the  erp  in  order  to  allow  the  smartfactory  application  to  work.  quality  checks  inputs:  the  structure  of  the  data  inserted  by  qis  during  their  quality  checks.  material  list  inputs:  contain  a  set  of  information  inserted  by  los,  in  order  to  trace  the  usage  of  raw  materials  during  the  production.
__label__productinspection work  progress  inputs:  data  submitted  by  los  and  concerning  the  work  progression  of  each  production  order.  lo  quality  checks  inputs:  set  of  information  related  to  los  annotations,  which  in  turn  perform  quality  checks  themselves  during  the  production  progress.  los  specific  inputs:  reflect  the  information  that  los  are  required  to  insert  into  the  mofs,  such  as  the  state  of  the  order  progression,  as  well  as  other  information  more  specific  for  the  specific  order.  notes:  additional  annotations  that  can  be  added  to  the  order  by  the  authorized  factory  users  los,  qis,  and  psms.  .  entities  involved  in  the  first  phase  digitalization  process.
__label__productinspection the  smartfactory  application  has  been  designed  following  the  requirements  of  the  partner  company,  targeting  the  use  of  android  platforms  and  smart  devices  with  a  limited  screen  size  in  particular,  tablets.  the  first  encountered  problem,  during  both  analysis  of  the  requirements  and  deployment,  is  the  login  process,  required  to  authenticate  and  authorize  users  on  the  access  to  the  application  and  on  their  different  internal  functions.  in  fact,  the  smartfactory  application  has  been  provided  with  two  different  login  ways.  the  first  login  mode  is  reserved  to  the  psms,  who  access  to  the  application  from  their  office  pcs  and  desire  to  access  to
__label__productinspection the  smartfactory  application  through  the  same  credentials  they  already  use  to  access  the  companys  network  resources.  the  authentication,  authorization,  and  accounting  aaa  policies  are  already  managed,  in  the  company,  through  the  use  of  the  windows  active  directory  ad  paradigm.  owing  to  this  approach,  the  smartfactorys  login  module  has  to  interact  with  the  companys  ad,  sending  the  submitted  user  credentials  to  the  ad  module,  in  order  to  check  if  the  joining  user  is  authorized  or  not  to  access  to  the  companys  resources.  the  second  login  mode  is  specifically  designed  for  los,  who  do  not  have  centralized  credentials  in  the  companys  ad
__label__productinspection and,  accessing  to  smartfactory  in  mobility  through  the  use  of  tablets,  can  be  authorized  only  using  their  personal  near  field  communication  nfc  badges,  which  are  already  employed  in  the  company  to  access  to  the  buildings.  due  to  this  constraint,  the  login  module  of  smartfactory  needs  to  include  an  nfcbased  service,  enabled  only  for  mobile  devices.  by  relying  on  the  list  of  enabled  nfc  badges,  in  an  as400based  companys  erp,  when  a  lo  starts  the  smartfactory  application  and  puts  his/her  nfc  badge  near  the  tablet,  smartfactory  retrieves  the  los  user  id  uid  encoded  into  the  nfc  card,  forwards  it  to  a
__label__productinspection web  service  ws  that,  in  turn,  verifies  if  the  uid  is  present  in  the  erp  and,  eventually,  authorizes  the  user  to  log  in  the  smartfactory  application.  after  the  login  phase,  smartfactory  redirects  the  user  to  a  separate  home  page,  customized  depending  on  his/her  role.  more  in  detail,  the  application  is  structured  in  different  modules  and  each  role  defines  the  associated  data  visibility  to  the  users;  then,  inside  each  specific  module,  each  user  is  allowed  to  perform  different  operations  namely,  readonly  ro,  and  readwrite  rw.  in  the  following,  each  module  of  the  smartfactory  application  is  detailed.  summarizes  the  modules  activated  for
__label__productinspection each  role.  .  summary  of  smartfactory  app  modules  activation.  the  manufacturing  orders  management  module  momm  allows  users  to  view  and  manage  data  related  to  mos  and,  in  detail,  represents  the  digital  translation  of  paperbased  mofs.  after  the  data  retrieval  on  the  order  from  the  preexistent  erp,  momm  builds  the  complete  form  view  joining  all  sections  needed  for  the  orders  of  the  current  department.  unlike  forms  printed  on  paper,  in  the  smartfactory  application  the  view  of  a  single  manufacturing  order  is  personalized  for  the  current  user,  enabling  the  interaction  only  on  sections  of  his/her  strict  competence.  in  fact,  los  are  allowed
__label__productinspection to  view,  as  editable,  only  i  the  material  list  section,  ii  the  progress  log  section,  and  iii  a  customized  quality  check  section.  moreover,  in  the  application,  los  view  only  the  active  orders  in  the  departments  where  they  are  enabled  to  work.  once  completed,  mos  become  hidden  to  los  on  the  lines.  instead,  qis  are  allowed  to  view,  as  editable,  only  the  quality  check  sections,  which  can  vary  depending  on  the  department.  finally,  being  psms  views  considered  like  supervisor  views,  they  can  interact  with  all  sections  of  the  mofs  in  a  rw  way,  for  both  active  and  completed  orders.  it  is
__label__productinspection important  to  underline  that  sections  which  are  not  editable  for  some  of  the  available  roles  are  not  hidden,  but  are  shown  in  ro  mode.  in  this  way,  all  actors  related  to  the  production  are  always  informed  about  the  inserted  inputs.  in  ,  we  show  an  example  of  a  mof  in  the  smartfactory  application  and  how  the  momm  changes  the  visualization  for  each  of  the  three  different  user  roles.  .  detail  page  of  an  order  for  different  roles,  respectively  los  view,  qis  view  and,  psms  view.  the  view  appearance  has  been  designed,  in  collaboration  with  the  partner  company,  in  order  to
__label__productinspection highlight  problems  and  reduce  errors.  in  fact,  if  the  values  inserted  by  los  or  qis  are  not  compliant  with  the  article  standards  i.e.,  the  thickness  of  the  hose  is  smaller  or  larger  than  the  required  one  the  data  are  highlighted  in  red,  in  order  to  alert  the  user.  an  essential  feature,  required  in  the  digitalization  process  started  by  companies,  is  the  possibility  to  find  data  of  interest  in  a  simple  way.  for  this  reason,  smartfactory  includes  a  manufacturing  orders  research  module  morm,  useful  for  both  qis  and  psms  to  find,  in  real  time,  data  related  to  orders  in  production  and,
__label__productinspection at  the  same  time,  to  perform  searches  on  historical  data.  more  in  detail,  this  module  provides,  to  the  users,  a  set  of  input  parameters  useful  to  filter  orders  and  view  inputs  submitted  during  the  production.  another  functionality  allows  to  find  all  mos  in  which  a  raw  material  lot  has  been  employed.  another  important  aspect  to  take  into  account  during  the  design  of  erpconnected  applications  is  to  guarantee  an  acceptable  degree  of  customization  to  the  users.  for  this  reason,  the  customization  module  cm  has  been  included  in  smartfactory,  in  order  to  allow  the  users,  in  particular  the  psms,  to  customize  some
__label__productinspection aspects  of  the  orders  view.  as  an  example,  psms  require  to  customize  the  colors  of  some  portions  of  text  in  the  mof  description  defined  in  section  3.1,  in  order  to  highlight  some  important  production  steps.  as  the  color  rules  can  be  changed  frequently,  psms  can  manage  them  autonomously  through  the  cm  in  the  smartfactory  interface.  finally,  the  supervision  module  sm  allows  the  psms  to  verify  the  presence  of  problems  related  to  the  production  orders.  this  module  manages  a  specific  page  in  smartfactory,  where  the  orders  requiring  a  supervision  from  the  psms  are  shown.  the  data  to  be  checked,  in  order
__label__productinspection to  identify  this  kind  of  problems,  has  been  defined  in  conjunction  with  the  partner  company.  the  overall  architecture  of  the  smartfactory  application,  with  reference  to  the  modules  and  their  interactions  previously  presented,  is  shown  in  .  .  smartfactory  application  overview.  the  smartfactory  application  is  a  single  tenant  web  application  written  in  php,  html5,  and  javascript  languages.  the  structure  of  the  source  code  is  organized  in  order  to  follow  the  modelviewcontroller  mvc  pattern,  a  software  development  approach  aiming  at  separating  the  application  logic  from  visual  presentation  and  data  interaction.  more  in  detail,  the  main  entities  composing  the  smartfactory  tool  are  the
__label__productinspection following.  models:  used  to  represent  data  structures  and  interact  with  the  databases.  they  typically  contain  several  methods  needed  to  retrieve,  insert,  and  update  data  inside  the  database  tables.  views:  used  to  present  contents  to  the  application  user.  they  typically  contain  different  weboriented  fragments  code  in  particular,  exploiting  html,  javascript,  and  css  languages  that  combine  to  compose  the  complete  user  interface  ui  of  the  application.  controllers:  used  to  implement  the  logic  of  the  application.  they  act  as  intermediary  entities  between  the  models,  the  views,  and  any  other  resource  needed  to  process  the  http  request  and  generate  a  web  page.  in  order
__label__productinspection to  guarantee  a  certain  degree  of  interoperability,  the  new  database  has  been  included  in  the  partner  companys  as400  installation,  and  accessed  through  phpbased  open  database  connectivity  odbc  drivers.  the  smartfactory  application  has  been  developed  and  gradually  introduced  in  the  partner  company  after  a  first  phase  of  test  and  setup.  after  a  first  period  of  utilization,  lasted  a  year,  a  report  of  gained  benefits,  advantages,  and  possible  enhancements  can  be  drawn.  a  first  and  more  tangible  effect  is  related  to  time  saving,  due  to  the  fact  that  forms  are  no  longer  printed  on  paper  sheets  and  nor  manually  scanned.  even  the
__label__productinspection way  to  insert  data  from  different  actors  has  been  simplified,  since  smartfactory  allows  a  simultaneous  access  to  mofs,  allowing  qis,  los,  and  psms  to  input  and  view  data  on  the  same  production  order  without  interfering  with  each  other  while  before  the  digitalization  process,  the  mofs  paper  sheet  had  to  be  shared,  and  psms  cannot  view  the  inserted  data  without  going  directly  to  the  production  lines,  or  having  to  wait  the  order  completion.  another  important  aspect  to  be  considered  is  the  quantity  of  structured  data  gained  with  the  adopted  digitalization  revolution,  that  are  continuously  collected  and  can  be  employed  to  realtime
__label__productinspection monitor  the  status  of  the  production,  but  also  constitute  a  basis  for  further  analysis  and  statistics.  we  also  asked  the  partner  company  to  identify  and  quantify  the  positive  aspects  related  to  the  introduction  of  smartfactory.  the  results  of  these  interviews  can  be  detailed  as  follows:  visible  data  in  the  smartfactory  application  are  always  uptodate;  reduced  paper  consumption:  avoiding  printing  50,000  pages  per  year  and  scanning  50,000  filled  pages,  saving  about  220  working  hours  per  year  and  a  nonnegligible  amount  of  storing  errors;  digital  logs  of  the  processing  activities;  digital  traceability  of  the  production  history;  errors  and  nonconformity  reduction,  quantified  in
__label__productinspection a  saving  range  between  10,000  and  20,000  per  year;  improvement  of  the  knowhow  of  the  company  related  to  digitalization  aspects.  from  a  design  point  of  view,  the  modular  architecture  characterizing  smartfactory  makes  the  application  itself  easily  extensible.  in  fact,  new  features  can  be  integrated  into  the  existent  modules  and  new  modules  can  be  integrated  exnovo  ,  in  the  case  new  roles  or  users  appear  in  the  manufacturing  process.  in  ,  the  quantity  of  inputs  collected  through  the  smartfactory  application  during  a  one  year  period  namely,  from  november  1,  2017  to  october  31,  2018  are  summarized.  .  summary  of  the  digitalized
__label__productinspection entries  collected  during  the  first  year  after  the  smartfactory  application  introduction.  after  the  conclusion  of  the  first  phase  concerning  the  digitalization  of  the  production  monitoring  activity,  the  innovation  process  has  continued  to  analyze  and  include  the  production  planning  department  of  the  partner  company.  the  main  goal  of  this  second  phase  of  the  digitalization  work  is  the  replacement  of  the  spreadsheetbased  method,  introducing  a  new  planning  tool,  specifically  designed  for  the  company  characteristics,  and  thus  allowing  to:  merge  and  display,  in  the  same  window,  all  the  information  needed  to  the  psms  for  their  planning  activity;  speed  up  the  production  planning  process;
__label__productinspection hide  the  complexity  behind  the  intersections  among  all  the  documents  that  have  to  be  filled,  the  planning  allocation  calculations,  and  to  reduce  the  effort  required  to  the  psms  during  their  daily  activity;  enable  the  integration  with  the  subsequent  modules  of  the  companys  erp  system  namely,  the  production  and  the  smartfactory  application.  to  fit  these  requirements,  a  smart  and  webbased  planning  tool,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  has  been  designed  and  developed.  the  smartplanner  application  is  intended  to  be  used  only  by  psms  through  a  pc,  and  should  be  integrated  with  the  company  it  and  erp  systems.  the  planning  activity  is  currently
__label__productinspection assigned  to  highly  qualified  staff,  with  a  deep  knowledge  of  all  mechanisms  regulating  the  whole  workflow  in  the  company,  from  provision  office  to  sales  department.  because  of  this,  a  first  step  toward  a  complete  analysis  of  the  planning  procedures  followed  by  psms  has  been  an  unavoidable  requirement.  this  work  has  been  aimed  at  gaining  a  comprehensive  point  of  view  concerning  the  psms  way  of  thinking  and  their  priorities,  thus  highlighting  the  differences  between  the  different  departments  in  the  companies,  and  the  variables  that  psms  desire  to  maximize.  after  that,  another  erp  extension  has  been  designed,  in  order  to  store  all
__label__productinspection data  related  to  the  planning  activity,  which  are  not  already  registered  in  the  companys  erp  system.  more  in  detail,  the  new  entities  involved  are  the  following.  setup  delays:  the  description  of  possible  delays  that  should  be  considered  during  the  planning  activity.  lines:  the  description  of  available  production  lines  corresponding  to  production  machineries  and  their  associated  delays.  planned  mos:  the  events  list  representing  a  planned  order,  namely  the  production  of  a  specific  quantity  of  an  item  assigned  to  a  production  line  in  a  specific  working  day.  shift  planning:  the  number  of  hours  allocated,  for  each  working  day,  on  each  production  line.
__label__productinspection in  fact,  psms  define  how  long  the  production  shifts  have  to  be:  generally,  each  shift  can  assume  a  value  among  8,  16,  or  24  h.  in  ,  the  digitalized  entities  for  the  smartplanner  application  are  summarized.  .  digitalized  data  entities  from  the  smartplanner  application.  the  development  of  the  smartplanner  application  is  currently  in  progress,  in  order  to  reach  all  the  features  required  by  the  partner  company.  as  already  stated,  the  application  is  targeted  only  for  psms;  thus,  for  the  login  phase,  it  has  been  reused  the  microsoft  ad  connector  proper  of  the  smartfactorys  login  module.  moreover,  users  psms  access  the
__label__productinspection application  through  their  pcs,  so  that  a  singlepage  web  application  paradigm  has  been  followed.  moreover,  the  design  phase  has  highlighted  as  indispensable  the  module  described  in  the  following.  the  scheduling  suggestions  module  ssm  is  responsible  for  accessing  the  erp  system,  in  order  to  retrieve  and  show,  to  the  psms,  a  list  of  articles  to  be  produced.  this  list,  updated  by  the  company  erp  system  every  night,  is  not  complete,  as  it  does  not  take  into  account  the  psms  priorities;  nevertheless,  it  represents  a  starting  point  onto  which  work.  this  module  also  provides  the  user  the  possibility  to  plan  in  production
__label__productinspection an  item  not  already  present  in  the  suggestions  list  and  also  to  plan  special  events,  such  as  expected/unexpected  production  stops  i.e.,  for  machine  maintenance  or  faults.  the  shifts  manager  module  smm  aims  at  managing  all  information  related  to  los  shifts.  smm  contains  two  main  components:  i  the  people  connector  ,  which  retrieves  the  hours  available  in  the  department  of  interest,  in  a  specific  range  of  days,  requesting  data  to  an  external  ws  adopted  by  the  partner  company  to  manage  all  employee  presences;  and  ii  the  shift  customizer  ,  which  allows  psms  to  modify  the  amount  of  hours  available  in  the
__label__productinspection department.  this  is  needed  as  psms  may  decide  to  move  los  from  a  department  to  another  one,  to  deal  with  high  workload  or  unexpected  events  not  yet  saved  in  the  people  connector  component.  the  planning  events  module  pem  is  the  core  module  of  the  smartplanner  application,  being  responsible  to  manage  the  graphical  user  interface  gui,  made  as  a  weeklyorganized  calendar,  and  the  interactions  with  psms.  as  shown  in  ,  the  gui  allows  psms  to  draganddrop  manufacturing  orders  on  the  calendarbased  view  in  which,  in  a  representation  similar  to  that  of  a  spreadsheet  structure,  columns  show  the  working  days,  while  rows
__label__productinspection represent  the  production  lines  in  the  department  subject  to  the  planning  activity.  thus,  mos  are  here  considered  as  events  on  a  calendar  which  contains  also  other  types  of  information,  such  as  shifts,  employed  hours,  maintenance  events  and  so  on.  the  pem  is  also  responsible  for  calculating  the  effective  duration  of  a  mo  event  once  it  is  placed  on  a  specific  cell  corresponding  to  the  intersection  of  a  specific  working  day  and  a  specific  production  line.  this  calculation  is  performed  considering:  i  the  requested  length  of  the  hose;  ii  the  production  lines  velocity,  retrieved  analyzing  historical  data  from  the  erp;  iii
__label__productinspection the  shift  duration  planned  for  the  specific  day;  and  iv  configurations  and  setup  delays.  .  the  smartplanner  ui  example.  finally,  the  production  manager  module  pmm  is  responsible  to  store  data  inserted  by  psms  and  managing  the  interaction  with  the  company  erp  system,  in  order  to  move  planned  events  to  the  production  system,  making  digital  mos  visible  also  in  the  smartfactory  application.  in  ,  the  described  modules  and  their  interactions  are  shown.  we  remark  that  the  adopted  the  same  technologies  are  the  same  of  those  described  in  section  4.3  for  the  development  of  the  smartplanner  application.  as  already  stated,  the  smartplanner
__label__productinspection application  is  currently  under  development,  and  the  following  advantages  are  expected  after  its  introduction.  one  of  the  most  important  advantage  is  the  saved  time,  concerning  different  aspects:  the  first  relates  to  the  reduction  of  the  number  of  hours  directly  spent  by  psms  for  the  mos  scheduling  activity,  but  it  is  important  to  consider  also  the  reduction  of  time  needed  to  train  a  new  person  dedicated  to  activity  planning.  in  fact,  the  smartplanner  application,  hiding  all  aspects  related  to  mos  duration  calculations  and  providing  the  user  all  required  information  in  single  view,  strongly  simplifies  the  work  of  psms,  making  possible  for
__label__productinspection the  company  to  assign  this  activity  also  to  other  people,  with  a  minimized  learning  phase.  finally,  the  complete  digitalization  and  automation  of  the  planning  process  has  allowed  to  make  the  complete  company  plan  available  to  all  interested  users.  as  an  additional  point  of  discussion  and  evaluation,  we  asked  the  partner  company  to  identify  and  quantify  their  current  costs  related  to  the  planning  activity  in  term  of  time  spent  for  this  activity,  involving  all  the  different  tasks  that  the  planning  office  has  to  perform  daily,  and  the  consequent  benefits  expected  after  the  complete  integration  of  the  smartplanner  tool.  the  benefits  highlighted
__label__productinspection by  these  interviews  are  the  following.  currently,  the  handmade  planning  activity  requires  about  10  h  per  day.  owing  to  the  introduction  of  the  smartplanner  tool,  the  partner  company  estimates  a  reduction  on  the  order  of  20  of  the  hours  employed  in  the  planning  activity  about  500  h  per  year.  this  reduction  is  mainly  due  to  the  fact  that  the  smartplanner  tool  can  automatically  send  mos  from  the  planner  directly  to  the  production  department.  thus,  pms  will  no  longer  be  required  to  manually  add  mos  to  the  erp  system,  thus  leading  to  an  error  reduction  in  the  data  entry  activity.  moreover,
__label__productinspection the  partner  company  expects  to  employ  the  saved  time  in  different  activities  with  an  higher  value  e.g.,  improving  the  customer  care  support  through  a  more  timely  assistance  in  case  of  errors  and  doubts.  finally,  the  partner  company  expects  a  certain  improvement  in  the  inhouse  knowhow  related  to  digitalization  aspects.  the  research  efforts,  in  the  last  years,  focusing  on  iot  have  recently  allowed  the  introduction  of  these  technologies  and  paradigms  also  in  several  industrial  application  scenarios,  leading  to  the  concept  of  industrial  iot  iiot,  which  is  strongly  affecting  both  industry  management  and  business  processes.  the  digitalization  and  innovation  process  started  by
__label__productinspection the  partner  company  and  described  in  the  previous  sections,  constitutes  a  strong  basis  for  new  innovations,  such  as  the  introduction  of  iot  technologies,  in  order  to  reach  a  finer  production  monitoring,  thus  enhancing  both  productivity  and  quality  of  manufacturing  technologies,  and  the  introduction  of  distributed  ledgerbased  technologies  in  order  to  provide  a  scalable  traceability  of  activities  and  products.  the  work  of  presents  the  development  of  iot  in  industries,  providing  the  current  iot  key  enabling  technologies,  research  trends  and  challenges.  the  first  fundamental  technology  identified  for  iiot  is  the  rfid  technology,  which  allows  microchips  to  transmit  the  identification  information  to  a
__label__productinspection reader  through  wireless  communication.  rfid  readers  and  tags  are  thus  largely  employed  in  the  manufacturing  to  identify,  track,  and  monitor  any  objects.  another  important  technology  is  the  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns,  which  mainly  use  interconnected  intelligent  sensors  to  sense  and  monitoring  in  the  industrial  environment.  moreover,  many  other  heterogeneous  technologies  and  devices  have  been  included,  spanning  from  barcodes  and  smartphones,  till  social  networks,  and  cloud  computing,  as  introduced  by  ,  .  instead,  focus  their  work  on  the  sustainability  perspective,  proposing  an  approach  for  energy  management  in  smart  factories  based  on  iot  technologies,  following  different  steps.  with  regards  to  the  application
__label__productinspection of  distributed  ledgeroriented  technologies  in  industrial  scenarios,  it  can  be  interesting  to  analyze  the  use  of  the  blockchain  concept  since,  as  introduced  by  ,  it  allows  to  store  and  share  relevant  data,  captured  from  several  iotoriented  industrial  machinery,  on  a  decentralized  and  distributed  ledger,  which  the  business  networks  actors  can  access  to.  in  iiot,  the  blockchain  can  be  useful  for  both  the  companies  and  their  customers.  in  the  case  of  companies  ,  each  component  of  a  final  product  can  be  traced  from  its  purchase  to  the  inclusion  in  the  final  product  itself,  thus  providing  a  complete  traceability,  and  allowing  a
__label__productinspection more  easier  warehouse  inventory.  in  the  case  of  customers  ,  the  blockchain  allows  them  to  know  the  status  of  purchased  goods  and,  in  case  of  problems,  it  is  easier  to  alert  the  company  of  possible  lots  of  failed  pieces.  another  benefit  brought  by  the  introduction  of  a  blockchainoriented  approach  is  the  prevention  and  prediction  of  failures  for  manufacturing  plant  equipment,  leading  to  the  predictive  maintenance  concept.  more  in  detail,  as  highlighted  in  the  work  of  ,  sensors  would  detect  conditions  which  might  lead  to  operator  injury  or  failures;  then,  the  application  of  thresholdbased  decisions  would  be  used  to  detect  trends
__label__productinspection and  facilitate  proactive  maintenance,  acting  before  the  failure  occurs  being  able  to  create  a  digital  twin  emulating  the  real  production  lines  operations.  the  application  of  business  intelligence  bioriented  analytics  would  increase  reliability,  optimize  maintenance,  and  allow  operational  personnel  to  gain  more  accurate  insights  into  asset  performance.  hence,  these  events  can  be  recorded  inside  the  blocks  of  the  chain  and  ease  rapid  and  precise  inspections  and  certifications  by  external  regulatory  entities,  having  that  these  storage  operations  have  to  be  tamperproof,  thus  not  requiring  realtime  execution  constraints  as  known,  interactions  with  the  blockchain  require  time  to  be  confirmed  either  in  permissioned  or
__label__productinspection permissionless  blockchains.  the  proposed  work  describes  the  process  of  renovation  followed  by  a  real  manufacturing  company  and  guided  by  the  university  of  parmas  spinoff  things2i  s.r.l.  this  process,  started  two  years  ago  and  currently  ongoing,  has  focused  on  two  main  aspects  of  the  company  management.  the  first  phase  of  the  work  is  related  to  the  digitalization  and  renovation  of  the  monitoring  process  proper  of  production  lines,  through  the  introduction  of  smartfactory  ,  a  smart  webbased  application,  which  is  now  deployed  in  the  company  and  accessed  by  different  roles  related  to  production,  namely  los,  qis,  and  psms.  smartfactory  overcomes  the  use
__label__productinspection of  paper  sheets,  initially  used  in  the  company  to  perform  the  same  activity.  the  second  phase  of  the  process,  which  is  currently  ongoing,  is  targeted  only  to  psms  in  the  company,  and  is  related  to  the  production  lines  scheduling.  the  result  of  this  work,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  is  a  webbased  tool  which  help  to  organize  the  production,  hiding  complex  calculations  needed  to  estimate  the  duration  of  production  orders.  the  changes  introduced  in  the  partner  company  have  led  to  significant  advantages  and  improvements,  in  terms  of:  i  significant  reduction  of  cost,  considering  the  amount  of  time  and  used  materials  saved;
__label__productinspection ii  better  and  finer  quality  control  of  the  products;  iii  possibility  of  realtime  detection  and  reaction  to  supply  chain  issues  and  production  errors;  iv  significant  reduction  of  time  spent  in  planning  activity;  and  v  optimized  resources  employment,  thanks  to  the  minimization  of  unproductive  setup  times  of  production  lines.  the  advantages  brought  by  smartfactory  and  smartplanner  justify  both  efforts  and  investments  made  by  the  partner  company,  allowing  a  very  fast  return  of  investments.  the  provided  real  application  shows  how  the  transition  from  a  usual  business  process  management  concept  to  the  upcoming  industry  4.0  is  feasible,  following  consecutive  and  incremental  steps.  lb,
__label__productinspection ld,  and  gf  have  made  substantial  contributions  to  the  following:  drafting  the  article  and  revising  it  critically,  and  final  approval  of  the  version  to  be  submitted.  am  and  pm  revise  and  approve  the  final  version  of  the  manuscript  to  be  submitted.  each  of  the  authors  has  read  and  concurs  with  the  content  in  the  manuscript.  the  manuscript  and  the  material  within  have  not  been  and  will  not  be  submitted  for  publication  elsewhere.  the  work  of  ld  was  also  partially  funded  by  the  university  of  parma,  under  iniziative  di  sostegno  alla  ricerca  di  ateneo  program,  multiinterface  iot  systems  for  multilayer  information
__label__productinspection processing  miotymip  project.  the  authors  declare  that  the  research  was  conducted  in  the  absence  of  any  commercial  or  financial  relationships  that  could  be  construed  as  a  potential  conflict  of  interest.  all  the  staff  of  things2i  s.r.l.  would  like  to  thank  transfer  oil  s.p.a.,  and  in  particular  massimo  conti,  moris  bandini,  barbara  badini,  marco  palermo,  luca  gambardella,  marco  brunelli,  corrado  chezzi,  and  fabio  rametta,  for  their  support  in  the  definition  and  development  of  the  industry  4.0  approach  explained  in  this  work.  alaba,  f.  a.,  othman,  m.,  hashem,  i.  a.  t.,  and  alotaibi,  f.  2017.  internet  of  things  security:  a  survey.  j.
__label__productinspection netw.  comput.  appl.  88,  1028.  doi:  10.1016/j.jnca.2017.04.002  belli,  l.,  cirani,  s.,  davoli,  l.,  ferrari,  g.,  melegari,  l.,  montn,  m.,  et  al.  2015.  a  scalable  big  stream  cloud  architecture  for  the  internet  of  things.  int.  j.  syst.  ser.  orient.  eng.  5,  2653.  doi:  10.4018/ijssoe.2015100102  belli,  l.,  cirani,  s.,  davoli,  l.,  ferrari,  g.,  melegari,  l.,  and  picone,  m.  2016.  applying  security  to  a  big  stream  cloud  architecture  for  the  internet  of  things.  int.  j.  distribut.  syst.  techn.  7,  3758.  doi:  10.4018/ijdst.2016010103  borangiu,  t.,  trentesaux,  d.,  thomas,  a.,  leito,  p.,  and  barata,  j.  2019.  digital  transformation  of  manufacturing  through  cloud  services  and  resource
__label__productinspection virtualization.  comput.  indust.  108,  150162.  doi:  10.1016/j.compind.2019.01.006  civerchia,  f.,  bocchino,  s.,  salvadori,  c.,  rossi,  e.,  maggiani,  l.,  and  petracca,  m.  2017.  industrial  internet  of  things  monitoring  solution  for  advanced  predictive  maintenance  applications.  j.  indust.  inform.  integrat.  7,  412.  doi:  10.1016/j.jii.2017.02.003  davenport,  t.  h.  1998.  putting  the  enterprise  into  the  enterprise  system.  harvard  bus.  rev.  76,  121131.  eindor,  p.,  and  segev,  e.  1978.  organizational  context  and  the  success  of  management  information  systems.  manage.  sci.  24,  10641077.  gremillion,  l.  l.  1984.  organization  size  and  information  system  use:  an  empirical  study.  j.  manage.  inform.  syst.  1,  417.  harris,  s.  e.,  and  katz,  j.
__label__productinspection l.  1991.  firm  size  and  the  information  technology  investment  intensity  of  life  insurers.  mis  quart.  15,  333352.  huberty,  m.  2015.  awaiting  the  second  big  data  revolution:  from  digital  noise  to  value  creation.  j.  indust.  compet.  trade  15,  3547.  doi:  10.1007/s1084201401904  iivari,  m.,  ahokangas,  p.,  komi,  m.,  tihinen,  m.,  and  valtanen,  k.  2016.  toward  ecosystemic  business  models  in  the  context  of  industrial  internet.  j.  busin.  models  4,  4259.  doi:  10.5278/ojs.jbm.v4i2.1624  mabert,  v.  a.,  soni,  a.,  and  venkataramanan,  m.  2001.  enterprise  resource  planning:  common  myths  versus  evolving  reality.  busin.  horiz.  44,  6976.  doi:  10.1016/s0007681301800379  mabert,  v.  a.,  soni,  a.,  and  venkataramanan,  m.
__label__productinspection 2003.  the  impact  of  organization  size  on  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  implementations  in  the  us  manufacturing  sector.  omega  31,  235246.  doi:  10.1016/s0305048303000227  miller,  d.  2018.  blockchain  and  the  internet  of  things  in  the  industrial  sector.  it  profess.  20,  1518.  doi:  10.1109/mitp.2018.032501742  parviainen,  p.,  tihinen,  m.,  kriinen,  j.,  and  teppola,  s.  2017.  tackling  the  digitalisation  challenge:  how  to  benefit  from  digitalisation  in  practice.  int.  j.  inform.  syst.  project  manage.  5,  6377.  doi:  10.12821/ijispm050104  quinton,  s.,  and  simkin,  l.  2016.  the  digital  journey:  reflected  learnings  and  emerging  challenges.  int.  j.  manage.  rev.  19,  455472.  doi:  10.1111/ijmr.12104  raymond,  l.  1990.  organizational  context  and
__label__productinspection information  systems  success:  a  contingency  approach.  j.  manage.  inform.  syst.  6,  520.  shrouf,  f.,  ordieres,  j.,  and  miragliotta,  g.  2014.  smart  factories  in  industry  4.0:  a  review  of  the  concept  and  of  energy  management  approached  in  production  based  on  the  internet  of  things  paradigm,  in  2014  ieee  international  conference  on  industrial  engineering  and  engineering  management  ieem  bandar  sunway:  ieee,  697701.  swanson,  e.  b.  1994.  information  systems  innovation  among  organizations.  manage.  sci.  40,  10691092.  teslya,  n.,  and  ryabchikov,  i.  2017.  blockchainbased  platform  architecture  for  industrial  iot,  in  2017  21st  conference  of  open  innovations  association  fruct  helsinki,  321329.  ustundag,  a.,  and  cevikcan,
__label__productinspection e.  2018.  industry  4.0:  managing  the  digital  transformation  .  cham:  springer.  wank,  a.,  adolph,  s.,  anokhin,  o.,  arndt,  a.,  anderl,  r.,  and  metternich,  j.  2016.  using  a  learning  factory  approach  to  transfer  industrie  4.0  approaches  to  small  and  mediumsized  enterprises.  procedia  cirp  54,  8994.  doi:  10.1016/j.procir.2016.05.068  yap,  c.  s.  1990.  distinguishing  characteristics  of  organizations  using  computers.  inform.  manage.  18,  97107.  zimmermann,  a.,  schmidt,  r.,  jugel,  d.,  and  mhring,  m.  2016.  adaptive  enterprise  architecture  for  digital  transformation,  in  advances  in  serviceoriented  and  cloud  computing  ,  eds  a.  celesti  and  p.  leitner  taormina:  springer  international  publishing,  308319.  internet  of  things,  industry  4.0,
__label__productinspection business  process,  smartfactory,  smartplanner,  digitalization  belli  l,  davoli  l,  medioli  a,  marchini  pl  and  ferrari  g  2019  toward  industry  4.0  with  iot:  optimizing  business  processes  in  an  evolving  manufacturing  factory.  front.  ict  6:17.  doi:  10.3389/fict.2019.00017  01  february  2019;  13  august  2019;  28  august  2019.  edited  by:  reviewed  by:  2019  belli,  davoli,  medioli,  marchini  and  ferrari.  this  is  an  openaccess  article  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  .  the  use,  distribution  or  reproduction  in  other  forums  is  permitted,  provided  the  original  authors  and  the  copyright  owners  are  credited  and  that  the  original  publication  in  this  journal  is  cited,  in  accordance  with
__label__productinspection follow  us  on:  follow  us  on:  share  your  perspective.  click  here  to  contact  the  smart  industry  .  submitted  by  on  thu,  08/31/2017  12:49  industrial  intelligences  darren  tessitore  quality  control  has  becomeeasier  because  iot  helps  keep  an  eye  on  suppliers,  which  eases  the  manufacturing  processes.  keeping  an  eye  on  suppliers  is  all  about  looking  at  all  constituents  that  the  supplier  offers.  capturing  data  about  these  constituents  through  iot  helps  make  for  faster  dataprocessing  and  better  quality  control.  thanks  to  iot,  many  manufacturers  are  now  building  selfcorrecting  systems.  missing  parts  are  replaced  and  parts  are  replenished,  giving  rise  to  greater  productivity.  since
__label__productinspection manufacturing  industries  are  looking  for  ways  to  boost  productivity,  there  is  no  way  for  them  to  overlook  what  iot  can  do  for  them.  in  addition  to  greater  productivity,  there  is  also  more  convenience  along  with  reduced  need  for  human  labor.  the  iot  is  expected  to  help  businesses  stick  to  lean  manufacturing  while  helping  maintain  supply  lines.  since  lean  manufacturing  often  requires  smart  management  of  the  supply  lines  to  ensure  that  components  are  never  in  short  supply  but  there  is  no  overstock,  iot  is  expected  to  help  resolve  many  problems.  itwill  help  ensure  that  suppliers  located  in  different  regions  can  be
__label__productinspection kept  in  the  loop  and  supply  lines  can  be  managed  smoothly  so  that  there  is  no  shortage.  itwill  also  help  reduce  waste  and  optimize  the  use  of  resources.  usually,  manufacturing  is  divided  into  many  processes,  from  sourcing  of  raw  materials  to  production,  transportation  and  reaching  the  customer.  however,  with  the  iot,  experts  envision  something  extra.  the  entire  process  will  be  smooth  and  effective.  the  raw  materials  will  be  already  marked  for  production,  intended  to  reach  a  particular  buyer.  as  iot  gains  more  efficiency,  manufacturers  can  expect  to  see  loweredcosts,  which  is  one  of  the  primary  reasons  manufacturing  experts  are  enthusiastic
__label__productinspection about  the  role  of  iot.  it  will  become  easier  to  track  information  about  products  and  processes  and  more  automation  will  usher  in  greater  efficiency,  eventually  reducingcosts  and  boosting  profit  margins.  if  your  manufacturing  plant  has  not  invested  in  iot  yet,  this  might  be  the  right  timeand  the  right  reasonto  start.  studying  needs  and  launching  new  products  is  becoming  easier.  there  is  less  jostle  and  inefficiency  than  traditional  systems.  traditionally,  data  and  manufacturing  have  been  treated  as  separate  entities.  however,  in  manufacturing  industries  where  iot  advances,  this  is  expected  to  change.  as  products  begin  to  carry  information  about  them,  it  becomes
__label__productinspection easier  to  assign  a  processing  and  logistics  path  to  them.  products  are,  in  the  end,  manufactured  to  suit  the  consumer.  thanks  to  iot,  it  becomes  easier  to  stay  connected  to  the  consumer  and  create  products  that  match  their  requirements.  this  offers  twoway  benefits,  as  the  consumer  gets  the  best  products  and  the  manufacturing  plant  is  able  to  manufacture  products  per  exactspecification.  as  manufacturing  processes  undergo  change,  it  becomes  imperative  for  executives  to  make  the  most  of  the  coming  revolution,  which  will  change  how  things  are  manufactured  and  the  market  economy  as  a  whole.  as  such,  it  is  wise  to  prepare
__label__productinspection for  these  changes  by  investing  in  the  right  iot  system.  darren  tessitore  is  coo  cofounder  of  ,where  this  post  originally  published.  we  welcome  your  thoughtful  comments.  all  comments  will  display  your  user  name.  want  to  participate  in  the  discussion?  for  complete  access.  no  one  has  commented  on  this  page  yet.  a  funny  thing  is  happening  as  we  mature  into  digital  transformationour  predictions  are  getting  better.  the  27  women  who  joined  the  ranks  of  influential  women  in  manufacturing  are  recognized  for  change  leadership.  boosting  the  performance  of  our  machines  is  the  goal  of  all  of  our  digitaltransformation  efforts,  right?  copyright  2019
__label__productinspection case  study  a:  painting  the  problem  case  study  b:  merging  production  lines  and  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__productinspection the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  reshaping  a  variety  of  vertical  industries  as  companies  around  the  globe  harness  technology  to  increase  efficiencies  and  cut  costs.  manufacturing  is  one  of  those  verticals;  heres  an  overview  of  five  iot  manufacturing  use  cases.  keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines
__label__productinspection and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated  task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  possibility  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  of
__label__productinspection predictive  maintenance  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  according  to  a  study  by  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  this  use  case
__label__productinspection enables  companies  to  connect  disparate  silos  of  operational  data  e.g.  manufacturing,  supplier,  and  logistics  into  unified,  realtime  visibility  across  heterogeneous  systems,  people  and  assets  to  make  faster  and  better  decisions  and  improve  operational  performance.  through  this  use  case,  firms  can  aggregate  and  contextualize  data  from  isolated  manufacturing  systems  and  assets  into  actionable  web  and  mobile  applications  that  provide  rolebased  views  into  key  indicators,  while  also  allowing  drilldown  into  correlated  data  to  diagnose  problems  more  quickly  and  improve  performance.  this  other  use  case  allow  companies  in  the  manufacturing  sector  to  quickly  improve  how  complex  processes  are  monitored,  managed,  optimized,  and  accelerate
__label__productinspection smart  factory  and  industry  4.0  initiatives.  this  can  be  achieved  by  extending  existing  equipment  and  erp/mes  systems  with  connectivity,  interoperability,  mobility  and  crowd  sourced  intelligence.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive
__label__productinspection how  what  who  about  .  if  you  are  in  the  business  of  creating,  or  operating  things  you  may  have  seen  hundreds,  thousands,  billions,  and  even  of  reports  that  describe  the  impact  of  the  iot  use  cases  on  businesses  in  this  age  of  industry  4.0.  we  need  to  shift  our  focus  from  this  barrage  of  reports  so  that  we  can  identify  iot  use  cases  that  can  help  you  transform  of  your  business  and  create  strategic  differentiation.  at  netobjex,  we  agree  that  the  internet  of  thing  is  indeed  transformative.  this  is  the  primary  reason  that  we  came  up  with  the  netobjex  matrix
__label__productinspection digital  twinplatform  and  piqube  the  worlds  first  purposebuilt  .  using  these  products,  you  can  easily  and  smartly  analyze  data,  quickly  create  applications,  securely  connect  smart  things,  enhance  operational  efficiencies,  and  ultimately  transform  your  business.  when  you  choose  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  ,  you  get  complete  and  uninterrupted  access  to  endtoend  iot  capabilities.  from  machine  learning  to  smart  connectivity,  and  from  augmented  reality  to  realtime  operational  dashboards  you  get  the  flexibility  of  operating  onpremise  in  the  cloud  and  at  the  edge.  we  all  know  that  iot  success  depends  greatly  on  delivering  critical  solutions  in  the  near  term,  and
__label__productinspection not  in  some  faraway  distant  quarter.  let  us  find  out  with  some  iot  on  how  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  piqube  can  help  transform  your  business  in  the  era  of  industry  4.0.  the  iot  platform  offered  by  netobjex  can  offer  easy  and  simplified  access  to  supply  chain  information  on  a  realtime  basis.  this  is  done  by  accurately  and  precisely  tracking  equipment,  materials,  and  products  as  they  move  through  the  supply  chain.  industry  4.0  solutions  provided  by  netobjex  give  greater  control,  insight,  and  data  visibility  to  your  organization  across  the  entire  supply  chain.  effectiveand  accurate  reporting  helps  you  collect
__label__productinspection and  feed  critical  delivery  informationinto  product  lifecycle  management,  enterprise  resource  planning,  and  othersystems.  this  helps  in  tracing  material  flow,  interdependencies,  andmanufacturing  cycle  times.  access  to  this  data  will  help  you  reduce  inventory,predict  issues,  and  minimize  capital  requirements.  byleveraging  these  smart  supply  chain  management  capabilities,  you  can  deliverinnovative  and  better  products  and  services  to  the  market  cheaper,  faster,  andwith  enhanced  quality  to  gain  a  distinct  advantage  over  competitors.  iotenabled  devices  such  as  piqube  can  be  used  for  transmitting  operational  information  to  vendors  and  partners  such  as  equipment  manufacturers  and  field  engineers.  this  will  assist  factory  heads  and  operation  managers  remotely  and
__label__productinspection effectively  manage  units  of  the  factory  and  reap  the  advantages  of  process  optimization  and  automation.  moreover,  a  better  line  of  commands  can  be  identified  using  thenetobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  to  accurately  identify  key  performance  indicators  and  key  result  areas  for  managers.  through  piqube  and  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  help  manufacturers  become  more  efficient  and  profitable  at  each  stage  of  the  supply  chain.  this  helps  them  keep  a  close  check  on  quality,  inventory,  and  optimization  opportunities  associated  with  logistics.  furthermore,  the  employees  of  your  with  iot  in  place  can  reap  the  advantages  of  better  visibility  into  their  assets
__label__productinspection globally.  also,  tasks  related  to  standard  asset  managementsuch  as  disposals,  asset  transfers,  adjustments,  and  reclassifications  can  beeasily  managed  centrally  and  streamlined  in  real  time.  custom  applications  created  through  piqube  can  be  used  to  give  manufacturers  the  ability  to  accurately  predict  when  potential  issues  are  likely  to  before  they  actually  happen.  preventive  maintenance  without  iot  systems  in  the  right  place  at  a  factory  happens  based  on  time  or  routine.  in  short,  it  is  a  manual  task.  this  concept  changes  entirely  and  for  the  better  with  iot  systems  in  place  as  preventive  maintenance  gets  much  more  streamlined  and  automated.  the  systems  in
__label__productinspection place  can  be  used  for  sensing  when  issues  are  arising  or  what  are  the  ideal  times  to  fix  the  machinery.  this  can  help  your  organization  becomemore  empowered  than  ever  before  these  issues  become  bigger  problems.  custom  applications  created  through  powered  solutions  can  be  used  to  monitor  the  production  lines,  starting  from  the  process  of  refining  to  the  process  of  final  product  packaging.  this  entire  monitoring  of  the  process  almost  on  a  realtime  basisoffers  great  scope  for  recommending  operations  adjustments  for  efficientmanagement  of  the  operational  costs.  furthermore,  lags  in  production  arehighlighted  by  strict  monitoring  that  helps  in  eliminating  unnecessary  work  inprogress
__label__productinspection inventory  and  wastes.  organizations,  through  this  use  case,  can  easily  engage  in  the  aggregation  and  contextualization  of  data  from  isolated  manufacturing  assets  and  systems  into  actionable  mobile  and  web  applications.  these  apps  will  be  used  for  offering  clearlydefined  rolebased  views  into  key  indicators  while  also  facilitating  drilldown  into  correlated  data  for  diagnosing  problems  in  an  efficient  and  easy  way.  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts  can  be  enabled  by  the  use  of  iot  sensors  in  manufacturing  equipment.  you  can  make  use  of  a  wide  range  of  critical  machine  tools  to  function  within  specific  vibration  and  temperature  ranges.  iotpowered  sensors  can  be  used  for
__label__productinspection monitoring  machines  and  sending  specific  alert  messages  whenever  there  is  a  deviation  noticed  from  the  prescribed  parameters.  you,  as  a  manufacturer,  can  save  energy,  enhance  operational  efficiency,  and  eliminate  machine  downtime  by  ensuring  that  there  is  a  definitive  working  environment  for  machinery.  want  to  know  more  about  different  for  which  industry  4.0  solutions  are  provided  by  netobjex?  get  more  insights  on  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  piqube.  call  us  at  1855  9282283  now  by  on  december  20,  2018  by  on  december  20,  2018  by  on  december  20,  2018  lets  chat  ...pick  a  slot  on  our  calendar  at:  who
__label__productinspection by  now,  youve  heard  about  the  .  you  may  have  even  talked  about  it  with  your  team  but,  if  youre  like  a  lot  of  small  to  midsized  manufacturing  companies  you  are  still  in  the  early  stages  of  investigating  what  iiot  means  to  your  business.  thats  just  it:  you  need  a  solid  business  reason  or  reasons  to  look  seriously  at  the  major  technology  evolution  but  you  shouldnt  wait  too  long.  lns  research  conducted  a  survey  on  iiot  adoption  and  nearly  53  percent  of  respondents  have  investigated  or  plan  to  invest  in  iiot  technologies  by  the  end  of  2017.  so  how  do
__label__productinspection you  go  about  building  a  business  case?  a  good  place  to  start  is  on  how  iiot  will  be  used  to  drive  efficiency,  productivity,  and  quality.  below  are  four  possible  use  cases  that  may  help  you:  1.  monitoring  assets  in  operation:  in  looking  at  your  maintenance  strategy  for  your  machines  and  equipment,  iiot  can  be  applied  so  you  can  monitor  your  assets  while  theyre  in  operation.  for  example,  a  bottling  plant  may  fill  thousands  of  bottles  per  minute  and  has  hundreds  of  small  motors.  these  motors  typically  arent  monitored  individually  and  follow  a  breakfix/replace  approach.  a  large  bottling  facility  recently  that
__label__productinspection adopted  iiot  technologies  monitored  these  motors  and  discovered  that  micro  stoppages  from  these  motors  accounted  for  one  of  the  top  downtime  sources  in  the  plant.  by  applying  improved  maintenance  approaches  to  these  motors,  unplanned  downtime  was  reduced  by  over  10  percent.  an  effective  cleaninplace  cip  process  is  one  area  where  manufacturers  can  decrease  or  increase  the  risk  associated  with  product  safety.  one  large  beverage  company  is  using  iiot  to  rethink  cip.  rather  than  having  plants  locally  assume  that  a  production  line  is  clean  after  a  cip  activity  is  complete,  the  company  will  use  the  iiot  to  provide  global  visibility  of
__label__productinspection cip  and  move  to  a  model  that  measures  cleanliness  continuously,  with  the  cip  ending  when  the  line  is  clean.  typical  turnover  times  are  four  hours  per  line.  the  company  anticipates  50  reductions  in  turnover  times,  while  simultaneously  and  dramatically  reducing  food  safety  risks  by  having  a  central  repository  of  cip  performance.  3.managing  recipe  variation:  brewing  beer  is  a  complex  process  that  includes  almost  infinite  variations  in  recipes.  one  of  the  largest  craft  brewers  in  the  u.s.  recently  engaged  in  an  iiot  project  using  machine  learning  and  historical  process  data  to  solve  a  batching  problem  that  was  resulting  in  a  major
__label__productinspection quality  issue  and  the  loss  of  entire  batches.  the  brewmasters  thought  the  problem  was  the  relationship  between  pressure  and  temperature;  it  turned  out  to  be  an  issue  with  the  timing  of  batch  processes  determined  by  natural  variances  in  yeast.  using  data  collected,  the  brewmasters  built  a  model  to  alter  the  recipe  and  optimize  batches  on  previously  unknown  relationships.  with  the  new  process  established,  they  eliminated  lost  batches  for  this  quality  issue  and  recaptured  two  weeks  of  extra  capacity  per  lost  batch.  4.  reducing  the  cost  of  quality  testing:  quality  testing  and  validation  comes  at  a  cost  and  is  often  a
__label__productinspection significant  contributor  to  the  total  cost  of  quality  incurred  by  a  company.  because  of  these  costs,  quality  best  practices  dictate  that  instead  of  testing  every  finished  product,  industrial  companies  should  monitor  the  production  process  itself.  by  ensuring  the  process  is  errorproof,  the  outcome  is  consistent  quality  levels.  iiot  and  smart  connected  products  are  changing  this  game.  one  smart  connected  products  company  is  using  new  connectivity  and  intelligence  capabilities  in  the  end  product  to  conduct  quality  testing  during  production  and  feedback  is  being  used  for  additional  quality  improvements.  discover  more  iiot  use  cases  by  downloading  the  lns  research  infographic:  make  the
__label__productinspection iiot  and  digital  transformation  a  reality  .  source:  lns  research  lns  research  analysts  compile  the  six  answers  to  questions  you  didnt  know  to  ask  in  order  to  transform  your  manufacturing  business.  plex  systems  2015
__label__productinspection machine  data  is  securely  streamed  from  equipment  sensors  to  a  central  repository  usingindustrial  data  protocolsand  gateways.  are  applied  to  anticipate  and  predict  failures  before  they  arise.  implementing  predictive  maintenance  typically  starts  with  rulebased  alerts  until  sufficient  data  is  collected,  at  which  time  machinelearning  algorithms  can  be  applied  to  identify  complex  behavior  patterns  and  anomalies.  minimize  quality  control  rejects  by  anticipating  and  preventing  quality  issues.  production  line  quality  teams  get  realtime  alerts  into  upcoming  quality  issues  and  their  root  causes  to  minimize  quality  issues  at  their  source.  identify  causes  for  production  waste  and  prescribe  focused  actions  that  minimize  rework  and  scrap.
__label__productinspection predictive  analytics  and  automated  root  cause  analysis  are  employed  to  anticipate  process  failures  that  yield  wastage.  predictive  simulation  is  used  to  test  production  parameters  to  avoid  the  process  failures  while  ensuring  optimized  throughput.  compare  design  to  actual  performance  with  a  that  accurately  tracks  products,  processes,  and  systems  in  real  time.  in  this  iot  use  case,  engineering  teams  accurately  test  optimization  ideas  by  adjusting  parameters  in  the  twin,  without  risking  harm  to  production.  leverage  runtime  and  usage  data  collected  by  the  twin  by  feeding  it  into  the  development  and  manufacturing  process,  increasing  uptime  and  production  throughput.  maximize  production  throughput  by  leveraging
__label__productinspection machine  learning  to  predict  and  prevent  process  disturbances  such  as  extreme  pressures,  leakages,  blockages,  asset  cleaning,  and  more.  anticipate  when  process  disturbances  will  happen,  know  why  they  will  happen,  and  determine  how  to  avoid  them.  factories  and  machinery  oems  get  deep  visibility  into  their  equipment  health  and  actionable  insights  to  maximize  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  reduce  maintenance  costs,  and  cut  downtime.  seebo  includes  data  acquisition,  data  analytics,  dashboards,  and  alerts  delivering  business  outcomes  with  unmatched  speedtomarket  and  predictable  roi.  determine  optimum  production  parameters  that  will  avoid  process  disturbances  after  understanding  the  primary  causes  from  root  cause  analysis.  empower  rapid,  iterative,
__label__productinspection and  collaborative  prototyping  to  deliver  product  concepts  for  market  validation  at  the  lowest  cost  and  risks.  leverage  digital  prototyping  ahead  of  physical  prototyping  to  simulate  product  concepts,  gain  internal  buyin,  and  minimize  discarded  physical  prototypes.  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__productinspection products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  ai  and  iot  delivers  business  value  to  the  manufacturing  industry  a  lot  of  companies  are  making  huge  investments  in  ai  and  iot  to
__label__productinspection improve  various  aspects  of  manufacturing  because  these  technologies  have  the  potential  to  help  businesses  achieve  more  with  higher  efficiency  by  extending  human  capabilities.  while  the  industry  4.0  revolution  is  already  underway  and  reshaping  manufacturing  processes,  more  recent  developments  in  ai  including  improved  machine  learning  algorithms,  cloud  computing,  and  big  data  are  fundamentally  changing  the  way  businesses  operate.  realtime  insights  and  predictive  analytics  have  already  started  to  help  businesses  grow  their  market  shares  faster  and  revenues  than  their  competitors  in  different  industries  including  manufacturing.  the  recent  annual  manufacturing  report  2018  by  the  manufacture  shows  that  92  of  senior  manufacturing  executives  believe
__label__productinspection that  digital  technologies  like  ai  will  help  businesses  boost  their  productivity  levels  and  empower  staff  to  work  smarter.  machine  learning  can  help  manufacturing  companies  to  reduce  supply  chain  forecasting  errors  by  50  and  lost  sales  by  65  with  better  product  availability.  forbes  iot  and  ai  bring  remarkable  changes  and  drive  significant  business  value.  if  we  look  back,  the  first  industrial  revolution  was  largely  driven  by  steam  power.  and  today,  smart  sensors,  big  data,  ai  and  cloud  computing  applications  are  driving  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  the  biggest  challenge  in  the  manufacturing  industry  is  to  deliver  highquality  products  and  services  at  lower
__label__productinspection costs  in  a  minimum  amount  of  time.  todays  market  leaders  are  more  serious  about  customer  satisfaction  and  other  areas  that  can  lead  them  to  increased  revenue.  iot  and  ai  are  creating  new  opportunities  for  companies  to  improve  services,  increase  efficiency,  minimize  downtime,  and  reduce  manufacturing  costs.  with  machine  learning  algorithms,  iot  applications,  and  advanced  analytics,  manufacturers  can  access  to  more  resources  and  assets,  gain  business  insights  from  accurate  and  timely  data,  and  increase  operational  efficiencies  and  production  performance.  besides,  these  technologies  help  companies  to  find  new  business  models  and  derive  new  revenue  streams.  is  only  part  of  the  digital  transformation
__label__productinspection journey  to  achieve  manufacturing  excellence,  but  the  story  does  not  end  there.  in  order  to  realize  the  full  potential  of  iot,  companies  need  to  combine  the  collected  data  with  rapidly  advancing  ai  and  ml  algorithms  to  generate  value  out  of  the  data.  ultimately,  it  enables  manufacturers  to  carry  out  many  of  the  daytoday  operations  with  utmost  certainty  with  little  to  no  human  intervention.  ai  has  the  capability  to  adapt  to  continuously  changing  tasks  and  make  recommendations  that  humans  can  trust.  it  can  detect  flaws  that  even  most  eagleeyed  human  inspector  would  fail.  the  world  economic  forum  wef  and  a.t.  kearneys
__label__productinspection recent  study  of  the  future  of  production  shows  how  manufacturers  are  leveraging  machine  learning  and  iot  to  gain  supply  chain  visibility,  and  optimize  inventory  management  and  improve  asset  tracking  accuracy.  manufacturers  adoption  of  machine  learning  and  analytics  to  improve  predictive  maintenance  is  predicted  to  increase  38  in  the  next  five  years  according  to  pwc.  implementing  ai  and  iot  in  your  business  should  not  be  intimidating,  but  you  need  industry  experts  who  can  help  you  digitize  your  business  smoothly.  you  can  explore  our  smart  industrial  solutions  and  talk  to  our  experts  to  know  more  about  implementing  iot  and  ai  in  your
__label__productinspection this  website  collects  personal  data  and  uses  cookies  to  improve  services.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  .  manufacturers  today  are  under  tremendous  pressure  from  management  and  customers  to  deliver  high  quality  products  and  services  at  low  costs  in  a  minimum  amount  of  time.  todays  market  leaders  rightly  believe  that  their  return  on  investment  roi  is  multidimensional,  determined  by  not  just  costs,  but  also  measures  of  customer  satisfaction  and  more.  companies  are  turning  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  collect  accurate  data  and  convert  it  into  actionable  information  to  help  add  this  extra  dimensionality  to  roi  calculations.
__label__productinspection iot  is  creating  new  opportunities  for  companies  to  enhance  their  services,  gain  insights  from  accurate  and  timely  data,  improve  business  processes  and  differentiate  their  offerings.  this  article  describes  the  value  of  iot  for  manufacturing  and  defines  an  roi  model  for  building  a  business  case  and  tracking  results  related  to  iot  initiatives.  iot  has  the  potential  to  change  the  face  of  the  manufacturing  sector,  so  much  so  that  it  has  been  called  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  if  the  pace  of  advancement  in  technology  is  anything  to  go  by,  intelligent  factories  will  soon  become  the  norm,  rather  than  the  exception.  the  four
__label__productinspection main  factors  of  a  smart  factory  are  iot,  data,  automation  and  precision:  iot  is  ideal  for  increasing  the  level  of  automation  in  todays  factories.  for  manufacturing  companies  that  have  already  installed  sensors,  actuators  and  other  lowlevel  devices  in  their  existing  industrial  automation  systems,  upgrading  and  retrofitting  iotenabled  devices  is  an  easy  step.  these  companies  can  take  advantage  of  the  increase  in  network  speeds  and  memory  size  delivered  by  todays  commercial  offtheshelf  sensors  and  other  hardware  along  with  wellestablished  cloud  platforms.  the  technology  today  is  robust  enough  to  not  hamper  the  design  of  the  systems  as  was  the  case  in  the
__label__productinspection past.  this  will  give  plant  managers  new  levels  of  control  and  insights  regarding  the  production  floor.  its  not  enough  to  just  collect  data.  the  key  to  the  success  of  industrial  automation  is  making  use  of  the  data  that  are  gathered.  the  iotenabled  industrial  automation  networks  collect  data  and  then  transfer  it  to  the  cloud  or  to  an  internal  datacenter.  there,  hadoop  an  open  source  framework  and  other  technologies  are  implemented  to  apply  data  science  techniques  and  predictive  models  to  analyze  the  data  into  useful  information.  another  reason  for  manufacturers  to  adopt  iot  in  their  factories  is  to  delay  or  prevent
__label__productinspection obsolescence.  many  industrial  automation  systems  in  factories  today  will  outlive  vendor  support.  by  upgrading  to  iot  systems,  plant  operators  can  extend  both  the  functionality  and  the  lifespan  of  these  systems.  and  as  the  cost  of  internet  bandwidth  and  storage  has  been  steadily  decreasing,  companies  can  now  store  terabytes  of  data  very  inexpensively  compared  to  even  a  few  years  ago.  iot  takes  industrial  automation  even  further  by  interfacing  with  robust  machinetomachine  m2m  systems.  this  covers  a  broad  range  of  technologies  used  to  enable  networked  devices  to  exchange  data  with  each  other  and  perform  actions  without  human  assistance.  m2m  technology  has  applications
__label__productinspection in  almost  every  area  of  manufacturing  including  ensuring  plant  and  personnel  safety.  for  example,  the  companys  safety  engineers  can  establish  safety  limits  for  each  piece  of  equipment.  if  iot  sensors  detect  a  rise  in  equipment  temperature  that  brings  it  to  that  safety  limit,  the  system  will  record  this  fact  and  it  will  trigger  an  immediate  shutdown  of  the  affected  equipment.  or  if  the  company  does  not  want  to  implement  an  automated  shutdown  system,  it  can  set  up  the  sensors  to  transmit  data  to  key  personnel  with  remote  monitoring  ability  on  their  desktops,  tablets  or  other  devices.  these  employees  can  then
__label__productinspection send  instructions  to  the  machine  to  shut  down,  reduce  its  production  rate  or  carry  out  any  other  function  in  order  to  take  care  of  the  safety  issue.  iot  also  delivers  value  in  areas  other  than  on  the  factory  floor,  including  remote  monitoring,  remote  service,  usage  analysis,  erp/crm  integration  and  much  more.  core  business  processes  like  billing,  field  service,  product  registration,  compliance,  consumable  management,  recalls  and  warranty  management  can  all  be  improved  with  connected  product  data.  on  the  other  side  of  the  iot  market,  the  selling  and  marketing  of  connected  products  can  deliver  a  competitive  advantage  and  drive  revenue  growth.  following
__label__productinspection are  examples  of  demonstrating  the  value  that  can  be  derived  from  enabling  iot  in  your  company.  a  smart  factory  leveraging  iot  will  install  multiple  sensors  to  detect  temperature,  humidity,  noise,  light,  vibrations  and  volatile  organic  compounds  in  its  factory.  the  factory  also  has  specialized  sensors  to  track  the  working  of  all  of  its  machines  and  equipment,  to  identify  the  location  of  vehicles  that  carry  raw  materials  and  finished  goods  as  well  as  to  manage  the  supply  chain.  the  data  collected  by  all  these  sensors  are  transmitted  to  a  cloudbased  storage  system.  there,  principles  of  data  science  are  applied  in  order
__label__productinspection to  get  meaningful  information  and  gain  insights  that  are  presented  in  the  form  of  interactive  reports  and  charts.  managers  and  other  authorized  employees  access  these  data  visualizations  from  the  cloud  to  supervise  and  manage  the  working  of  their  respective  departments.  this  information  is  used  to  maintain  the  right  temperature,  humidity,  light  and  noise  levels  in  the  manufacturing  unit,  along  with  ensuring  compliance  with  safety  standards.  the  iot  and  data  science  ensure  that  any  defects  are  detected  in  the  early  stages  and  downtime  can  be  prevented,  and  the  machinery  is  easily  monitored  and  maintained  if  faults  are  detected.  vehicles  are  monitored
__label__productinspection in  realtime  to  ensure  that  the  finished  goods  are  delivered  to  distributors  and  retailers  on  time.  employees  are  made  aware  of  the  arrival  of  raw  materials  well  in  advance  and  are  prepared  to  start  production  right  away  in  order  to  avoid  wasting  time.  new  or  alternative  routes  are  suggested  to  drivers  in  order  to  ensure  that  they  reach  their  destination  without  wasting  time  and  fuel.  managing  the  inventory  is  easy  for  the  manufacturer,  as  they  know  exactly  when  to  order  required  raw  materials  just  in  time,  avoiding  costs  for  storing  goods  any  longer  than  necessary.  low  stock  will  trigger  order
__label__productinspection reminders  to  avoid  delays  in  the  production  of  goods.  iot  also  connects  the  factory  to  warehouses,  distribution  centers,  retailers,  suppliers  and  customers  to  facilitate  supply  chain  management  by  allowing  realtime  information  sharing.  the  smart  factory  successfully  lowers  costs  by  avoiding  fuel  and  power  wastage.  downtime  is  decreased  to  a  great  extent,  allowing  uninterrupted  production  in  the  manufacturing  unit.  moreover,  sensors  installed  on  the  finished  goods  help  identify  faults  in  products,  so  that  they  can  be  rectified  as  soon  as  they  are  detected  to  decrease  losses  and  offer  quality  products  and  services  to  consumers.  the  factory  also  saves  on  warranty  management.
__label__productinspection iot  is  a  driving  force  for  manufacturers  today.  with  advancement  in  smart  sensors  and  cloud  technologies,  companies  can  enjoy  more  intelligent  services  at  a  lower  cost.  the  time  is  now  to  make  your  company  smarter  and  more  efficient  than  before.  to  read  more,  check  out:  energy  harvesting  consists  of  two  key  components  an  energy  source  and  something  to  convert  that  energy  i...  smallcell  supercapacitors  can  provide  longlasting,  reliable,  and  spaceefficient  backup  power  for  applica...
__label__productinspection published  april  30,  2018  manufacturing,  for  the  majority  of  human  history,  has  been  conducted  by  skilled  workers.  in  the  mid1700s,  the  industrial  revolution  ushered  in  an  era  during  which  people  and  machines  began  working  together  to  speed  production  times,  improve  quality,  and  otherwise  drive  process  efficiencies.  now,  the  internet  of  things  iotgeared  toward  asset  efficiency,  reliability,  and  availabilityis  poised  to  usher  in  an  entirely  new  way  of  converting  raw  materials  into  products  ready  to  enter  the  market.  the  idea  with  iot  for  manufacturing  is  straightforward:  manufacturers  will  make  capital  investments  into  technology,  which  will,  in  turn,  create  longterm  reductions  in
__label__productinspection operational  expenses.  networked  machines,  sensors,  and  so  forth,  dont  make  mistakes  or  require  breaks,  sick  days,  or  training,  and  thus  offer  a  reliable  and  costeffective  way  to  improve  efficiency.  below,  well  take  a  look  at  three  sample  use  cases  for  iot  manufacturing,  several  indepth  iot  manufacturing  case  studies,  and  some  suggestions  on  how  to  handle  change  management  when  you  decide  to  integrate  an  iot  solution  at  your  manufacturing  organization.  such  as  aircraft  components,  tracking  the  components  to  be  integrated  can  be  extremely  valuable.  while  many  organizations  rely  on  barcode  scanning  to  track  workinprogress  assets,  this  method  doesnt  allow  for  quick
__label__productinspection access  of  a  lost  part.  if  you  use  tracking  technology,  you  can  avoid  the  wasted  expense  of  having  to  actively  track  down  misplaced  parts.  it  can  also  be  useful  for  exception  reporting,  which  allows  you  to  find  out  if  a  part  is  in  the  wrong  area  immediately  so  you  can  remedy  the  issue.  some  plants  and  factories  rely  on  expensive  tools  and  gauges  for  their  daytoday  operations.  any  misplaced  tool  could  cause  delays  to  the  factory  workflow,  which  could  have  a  negative  impact  on  your  completion  and  shipping  timeline.  additionally,  if  your  organization  uses  government  furnished  equipment  gfe  and  is
__label__productinspection required  to  be  accountable  for  that  equipment  at  all  times,  having  the  ability  to  track  such  fixtures  can  keep  your  organization  out  of  hot  water.  its  critical  to  ensure  that  ,  such  as  vaccines,  are  handled  appropriately  during  the  creation,  storage,  and  shipping  process.  iot  technology  can  be  used  to  ensure  the  components  are  handled  properly  and  that  finished  products  stay  within  a  predetermined  temperature  range.  ,  which  delivers  a  broad  range  of  process  automation  and  related  products,  works  with  an  automotive  foam  manufacturer  to  use  machine  vision  to  better  manage  product  quality.  the  foam  is  delivered  to  automotive  manufacturers
__label__productinspection in  20footwide  rolls;  the  material  moves  down  a  line  at  the  rate  of  600  feet  per  minute.  it  goes  without  saying  that  visual  inspectors  were  missing  defects,  including  tears  and  variations  in  thickness,  during  their  onceovers.  to  address  the  issue,  g2  introduced  an  automated  process  in  which  a  camera  array  captures  images  of  the  foam.  the  images  were  then  examined,  in  real  time,  for  defects,  which  were  cataloged.  in  addition  to  gaining  a  new  level  of  reliability  in  its  production  process  and  turning  over  repetitive  tasks  to  machines,  the  manufacturer  was  able  to  use  the  information  to  offer  up  products
__label__productinspection with  noted  defects  at  a  lower  price  point.  while  the  g2  project  focuses  on  how  iot  works  inside  a  factory,  smart  technologies  can  also  help  manufacturers  diversify  into  offering  both  manufactured  products  and  complementary  services.  iot  firm  ptc,  perhaps  best  known  for  its  ,  facilitated  this  in  conjunction  with  germanbased  heidelberg,  which  makes  a  range  of  machinery  including  printing  presses.  according  to  ptc,  heidelberg  attributes  40  percent  of  its  sales  to  services  and  related  transactions.  using  thingworx,  heidelberg  connected  some  10,000  machines  and  15,000  systems  that  let  heidelberg  remotely  monitor  and  fix  issues  before  they  reach  a  customer.  ptc  notes
__label__productinspection the  company  can  now  resolve  more  than  70  percent  of  problems  remotely.  we  can  give  customers  excellent  support,  said  uwe  galm,  vice  president,  system  service  and  head  of  operations.  with  the  thingworx  platform,  ongoing  consultation  as  needed,  and  regular  function  and  security  updates  through  ptc  cloud  services,  we  are  well  positioned  for  the  future.  then  theres  what  is  arguably  the  ultimate  goal  of  implementing  iot  solutions  in  manufacturinglightsout  factories  that  require  no  human  touch.  achieved  this  with  a  partner  that  produces  components  used  in  vehicle  manufacturing.  specifically,  the  client  wanted  to  fully  automate  a  machining  process  so  it  could  run
__label__productinspection 24  hours  a  day.  fanucs  cathy  powell  explained  the  setup:  the  system  uses  four  dual  spindle  lathes  with  one  robot  mounted  atop  each  machine  to  save  valuable  floor  space.  a  vibratory  bowl  feeder  connected  to  each  lathe  feeds  parts  to  the  robot.  the  robot,  equipped  with  a  single  part  gripper,  loads  parts  into  the  spindle  which  reverses  work  pieces  in  the  chuck  for  complete  machining.  a  builtin  sensor  verifies  that  parts  are  fully  seated  into  the  chuck  to  ensure  accuracy.  finished  parts  are  automatically  released  to  an  outgoing  conveyor.  the  end  result  is  a  lightsout  process  that  yields  320  parts
__label__productinspection per  hourwith  no  need  for  an  operator  or  monitor  on  site.  in  germany,  the  home  of  audi,  daimler,  bosch,  siemens,  bayer,  thyssenkrupp,  adidas  and  many  other  highvolume  global  producers,  manufacturing  is  a  pillar  of  the  national  economy  and  a  huge  source  of  employment.  in  fact,  manufacturing  is  such  an  important  part  of  the  german  economy,  the  country  is  pursuing  an  initiative  dubbed  industrie  4.0,  which  is  meant  to  increasingly  incorporate  iot  into  manufacturing  operations  to  create  smart,  digitized  factories.  the  nationwide  push  is  something  chancellor  angela  merkel  has  been  talking  up  since  2011.  last  year,  during  a  speech  at  the
__label__productinspection hannover  messe  industrial  exposition,  merkel  said,  we  have  reached  a  critical  moment,  a  point  where  the  digital  agenda  is  fusing  with  industrial  production.  this  period  will  determine  the  future  strength  of  the  worlds  leading  industrial  centers.  at  a  2014  it  event  in  hamburg,  merkel  mentioned  the  lack  of  major  tech  companies  in  germany,  specifically  calling  out  chip  production,  noting,  the  world  market  is  far  ahead  of  us,  but  connecting  digital  technologies  with  industrial  products  and  logisticsgermany  has  a  chance  at  taking  the  lead.  similarly,  manufacturing  powerhouse  china  in  2015  adopted  its  made  in  china  2025  program,  which  emphasizes  manufacturing  and
__label__productinspection transportation  as  they  apply  to  a  number  of  different  sectors  of  the  economy.  a  major  part  of  this  is  proactively  fighting  stigmas  associated  with  goods  manufactured  in  china  by  aligning  chinese  manufacturing  with  international  standards.  to  facilitate  this,  the  government  plans  to  provide  300  billion  in  loans,  research  grants  and  other  funding  to  chinese  companies  in  the  target  industrial  areas.  at  a  recent  china  development  forum  in  beijing,  minister  of  industry  and  information  technology  miao  wei  said,  in  remedying  the  link  between  laboratory  products  and  their  industrialization,  we  will  focus  on  innovation  in  mechanisms  and  systems,  rely  on  relevant  enterprises
__label__productinspection to  combine  universities  and  research  institutes,  and  speed  up  the  construction  of  innovation  centers  that  specialize  in  new  materials,  robotics  and  other  aspects.  we  welcome  more  countries,  enterprises  and  organizations  to  participate  in  the  process  of  transformation,  as  well  as  the  upgrading  of  chinas  manufacturing  industry,  and  the  implementation  of  cooperation  and  exchange  on  different  levels  and  in  various  forms,  so  as  to  share  development  opportunities.  at  this  point,  its  clear  to  see  that  iot  could  play  an  important  role  in  your  manufacturing  organization.  while  the  technology  you  select  is  important,  its  also  important  to  consider  how  youll  go  about
__label__productinspection integrating  that  iot  technology  in  your  manufacturing  environment.  the  question  you  have  to  consider  is,  how  will  we  get  factory  or  manufacturingfloor  employees  who  have  been  doing  this  work  for  2030  years  to  buy  into  and  see  the  value  of  this  new  technology?  answering  that  question  can  be  particularly  challenging.  to  help  you  do  that,  take  the  following  two  things  into  consideration:  before  selecting  asset  tracking  technology  can  be  a  difficult  task.  to  help  make  your  job  easier,  weve  created  a  resource  to  show  you  how  the  airfinder  intelligent  rfid  system  can  save  you  money  and  simplify  your  deployment.  in
__label__productinspection this  white  paper,  youll  learn  about  deployment  costs,  tag  costs,  security,  lotlevel  traceability,  and  more.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also
__label__productinspection the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__productinspection our  leading  industrial  innovation  platform  and  solutions  turn  possibility  into  reality  knowledge  and  help  for  ptc  technology  users  share  an  idea  or  get  an  answer  from  customer  support  forums  and  blogs  view  all  ptc  resources  access  the  thingworx  and  vuforia  developer  portals  and  tools  ensure  success  with  your  ptc  products  flexible  learning  experiences  to  enable  you  to  reach  your  goals  products  and  resources  to  empower  k12college  students  and  educators  experience  the  value  of  ptcs  technologies  try  ptc  products  search  hundreds  of  iot  applications,  solutions,  and  resources  learn  how  to  buy  our  products  contact  a  ptc  sales  representative  learn  more  about
__label__productinspection subscription  news  and  promotion  match  an  industrial  iot  use  case  to  your  business  objectives,  and  youll  find  a  rapid  roi  through  manufacturing  efficiencies,  a  more  effective  workforce,  and  service  excellence.  boost  customer  experience  and  demand  with  expansive  product  capabilities  and  innovative  services.  provide  better  assistance  and  strengthen  customer  loyalty  by  slashing  downtime  and  making  firsttime  fixes  every  time.  give  workers  the  cuttingedge  tools  they  need  to  boost  productivity,  quality,  safety,  and  agilitywhile  lowering  costs.  reduce  downtime,  while  improving  throughput  and  safetyby  unlocking  realtime  insights  into  enterprisewide  performance.  base  kpis  on  applestoapples  comparisons  across  equipment,  lines,  shifts,  and  make  your  bestpractices
__label__productinspection even  better.  selecting  a  compelling  industrial  iot  use  case  is  a  key  step  in  building  your  iiot  planbut  success  doesnt  end  there.  these  resources  will  help  you  fit  your  use  case  into  a  larger  iiot  strategy.  discover  how  iiot  analytics  enables  massive  opportunities  for  improving  operational  performance,  forecasting,  and  your  ability  to  respond  to  realtime  conditions.  idc  surveyed  manufacturers  about  service  innovation.  understand  the  impact  that  the  iiot  is  having  on  customercentric  service  with  this  ebook.  effective,  longlasting  iiot  solutions  start  with  shortterm  gains,  and  progressively  mature  with  add  capabilities  and  value.  learn  more  about  the  6  levels  of  iot
__label__productinspection our  leading  industrial  innovation  platform  and  solutions  turn  possibility  into  reality  knowledge  and  help  for  ptc  technology  users  share  an  idea  or  get  an  answer  from  customer  support  forums  and  blogs  view  all  ptc  resources  access  the  thingworx  and  vuforia  developer  portals  and  tools  ensure  success  with  your  ptc  products  flexible  learning  experiences  to  enable  you  to  reach  your  goals  products  and  resources  to  empower  k12college  students  and  educators  experience  the  value  of  ptcs  technologies  try  ptc  products  search  hundreds  of  iot  applications,  solutions,  and  resources  learn  how  to  buy  our  products  contact  a  ptc  sales  representative  learn  more  about
__label__productinspection subscription  news  and  promotion  manufacturers  are  recognizing  the  world  is  changing  around  them  and  the  need  to  change  with  it  is  only  growing.  facing  mounting  threats,  such  as  digital  disruption  and  global  competition,  these  manufacturers  are  increasingly  turning  to  iiot  as  the  cornerstone  of  their  initiatives.  its  critically  important  to  achieving  manufacturing  business  strategy;  in  fact,  will  nearly  reach  200  billion  this  year  alone.  weve  narrowed  down  the  top  benefits  of  iot  in  manufacturing  to  these  three  areas:  improving  operational  performance,  ensuring  safety  and  compliance,  and  increasing  flexibility  and  agility.  lets  take  a  look  at  each:  manufacturers  are  implementing  iiot
__label__productinspection across  their  entire  operations,  ultimately  achieving  operational  intelligence  the  top  use  case  in  our  latest  report.  this  iiot  intelligence  enables  endtoend  visibility  of  the  supply  chain  including  extensive  multisite  deployment  views  via  capable  of  contextualizing  realtime  plant  efficiency  kpis  overall  equipment  effectiveness,  direct  material  costing,  product  quality  etc.  and  managing  a  specific  plants  equipment  and  assets,  down  to  the  operator  and  workcelllevel.  the  main  iiot  use  cases  driving  several  operational  effectiveness  outcomes  i.e.  increased  productivity,  improved  plant  efficiency,  asset  uptime  and  quality,  reduced  operational  risks,  overhead  costs,  and  changeover  times  are  predictive  and  increasingly  preventative  maintenance.  this  imperative  shift  away
__label__productinspection from  reactive  maintenance  systems,  which  are  subject  to  error  from  nondigitized  historical  information,  tribal  knowledge,  and  lack  of  industrial  connectivity  into  assets,  is  increasingly  accessible  via  the  iiot.  with  a  centralized  iiot  platform  and  analytics,  data  feeds  from  traditionally  blackboxed  legacy  machines  and  equipment  are  now  accessible  through  connectivity  into  industrial  protocols,  opc  servers,  onsite  manufacturing  softwaredriven  systems  hmi,  scada,  mes,  and  further  contextualized  with  crucial  business  systems  erp,  crm.  iiot  analytics  fused  with  machinelearning  identifies  anomalies  in  asset  health  data  to  predict  failures,  potential  downtime,  and  determine  the  root  cause  of  a  failure  to  prevent  future  ones.  highvalue  industrial
__label__productinspection assets  are  leveraging  iiot  data  with  simulation  to  create  prescriptive  .  is  also  proving  a  useful  technology  for  of  frontline  worker  workflows  interacting  with  industrial  equipment,  lessening  skill  gap  concerns.  iiot  interlinking  these  systems  drives  a  critical  metric  for  manufacturers  called  operational  equipment  effectiveness  oee;  datadriven  predictive  insights  into  assets  improves  availability  reduced  equipment  failure,  setup/changeover  time,  performance  reduced  idling,  stopping,  and  quality  fewer  defects,  reduced  cycle  times.  and  are  both  great  examples  of  iiot  bridging  these  many  disparate  systems  to  drive  operational  efficiencies.  compliance  with  osha  standards  is  a  high  operating  expense  on  manufacturers  financial  statements;  traditional  regulation  procedures
__label__productinspection are  timely  and  costly.  this  compliance  bottleneck  is  primarily  due  to  reporting  systems  not  being  digitized;  the  iiot  is  the  natural  solution  for  connecting  these  disparate  sources  of  information  currently  residing  in  silos  and  hitting  stringent  compliance  frameworks.  a  connected  system  can  feed  relevant  data  for  manufacturing  plant  risk  assessments,  work  scheduling  systems,  and  inspection  reviews.  creating  both  a  naturally  safer  environment  for  workers  and  abiding  by  health,  safety,  and  environment  laws  is  attainable  via  the  iiot.  some  manufacturers  require  verification  that  assets  are  in  constant  compliance,  where  iiot  and  realtime  monitoring  plays  a  crucial  role.  this  is  even  more
__label__productinspection vital  in  certain  manufacturing  verticals  subject  to  specific  regulatory  frameworks,  such  as  food  and  beverage  process  manufacturers  who  must  abide  by  fda  laws.  energy  management  is  also  a  major  expense  and  opportunity  for  optimization  for  manufacturers  via  iot  and  complying  with  governmental  energy  usage  laws.  meeting  the  constantly  changing  demands  of  customers  is  pushing  manufacturers  to  become  increasingly  flexible  and  agile  across  their  shop  floors.  claim,  acting  with  agility  is  the  new  currency  of  business;  if  were  too  slow,  we  will  be  bankrupt.  industrial  machines  and  robots  need  to  be  easily  reprogrammed  and  updated  to  adhere  to  these  shifting  and
__label__productinspection increasingly  customized  customer  requirements.  bidirectional  connectivity  through  iiot  enables  a  seamless  link  with  industrial  assets  with  iiot  platforms  providing  the  hmi  tailored  for  a  variety  of  roles  ranging  from  the  cxo  to  frontline  worker.  streamlining  these  manufacturing  processes  with  iiot  drives  operational  efficiencies  benefitting  further  downstream  including  supply  chain  optimization.  seemingly  minute  percentage  changes  of  operational  improvement  through  iiot  can  generate  thousands  in  cost  savings  and  productivity,  with  a  cascading  effect  throughout  the  supply  chain  and  the  manufacturers  elevated  position  in  the  competitive  landscape.  david  immerman  is  a  business  analyst  on  ptcs  corporate  marketing  team  providing  thought  leadership  on  technologies,
__label__productinspection trends,  markets,  and  other  topics.  previously  david  was  an  industry  analyst  in  451  researchs  internet  of  things  channel  primarily  covering  the  smart  transportation  space  and  automotive  technology  markets,  including  fleet  telematics,  connected  cars,  and  autonomous  vehicles.  he  also  spent  time  researching  iotenabling  technologies  and  other  industry  verticals  including  industrial.  prior  to  451  research,  david  conducted  market  research  at  idc.
__label__productinspection i  belong  to  a  ceo  growth  group  in  charlotte  nc,  where  i  live.  our  members  are  alumni  of  program.  we  meet  monthly  to  share  and  learn  from  one  anothers  experiences  and  knowledge.  at  the  last  meeting,  i  was  asked  by  one  of  my  peers:  i  replied:  internet  of  things  iot  for  midmarket  discrete  and  process  manufacturers  nationally.  he  replied:  but  iot  is  such  a  broad  term,  what  do  you  do  specifically?  of  course,  he  was  right.  iot  is  a  broad  term,  so  i  thought  a  blog  post  articulating  mariners  perspective  on  iot  as  it  applies  to  our  market  is  a
__label__productinspection good  use  of  blogspace.  at  the  most  fundamental  level,  there  are  two  iot  application  scenarios  for  manufacturers:  saving  money  with  iot  and  making  money  with  iot.  lets  explore  them  more  closely.  cost  savings  is  a  worthy  goal,  though  im  often  reminded  of  a  quote  from  a  mentor  of  mine.  no  one  every  cost  controlled  their  way  to  glory.  how  true,  but  theres  a  reason  for  all  the  hype  around  iot:  there  is  so  much  money  to  be  saved  in  a  factory  that  someone  may  very  well  cost  control  their  way  to  glory  when  a  piece  of  industrial  equipment  costs  millions
__label__productinspection of  dollars,  a  few  hours  of  unplanned  downtime  represents  and  enormous  amount  of  money  sucked  away  from  the  bottom  line.  this  is  the  reason  why  we  have  seen  a  number  of  companies  discussing  their  connected  factory  iot  plans  with  us.  it  also  represents  the  best  first  use  case  for  applying  iot  to  save  money:  remote  monitoring.  all  other  use  cases  are  dependent  upon  first  being  able  to  attach  equipment  sensors  and  collect  information.  for  mariner,  also  means  setting  thresholds  for  device  readings  to  permit  alerting  appropriate  people  when  those  thresholds  are  exceeded.  we  watch  your  devices  so  you  dont  have
__label__productinspection to.  how  is  this  money  saving,  you  might  ask?  there  are  many  situations  in  a  factory  where  knowing  something  sooner  rather  than  later  can  save  money.  and  while  much  is  written  about  predictive  maintenance,  which  can  be  quite  complex  and  require  loads  of  historical  data,  conditionbased  maintenance  can  be  applied  at  this  stage.  take  an  industrial  pump  as  an  example.  pumps  have  many  moving  parts  and  seals.  they  are  subjected  to  heat,  vibration  that  can  cause  failures.  sensors  measuring  the  heat  and  vibration  around  bearings  or  sensors  measure  leaks  around  mechanical  seals  can  alert  maintenance  of  problems  well  ahead  of
__label__productinspection unplanned  downtime,  all  without  the  need  for  data  science.  remote  monitoring  can  provide  enormous  return  on  investment,  sometimes  with  in  weeks  or  a  few  months.  start  here  if  you  dont  know  where  to  start.  the  connected  product  scenario  there  may  be  alternative  ways  for  manufacturers  to  make  money  with  iot;  mariner  is  focusing  on  one  specific  scenario  called  connected  product.  our  focus  is  on  manufacturers  of  discrete  devices,  both  industrial  devices  and  medical  devices.  by  connecting  sensors  to  their  discrete  products,  manufacturers  open  up  the  opportunity  to  their  products.  according  to  andy  neely,  head  of  the  institute  of  manufacturing  at
__label__productinspection cambridge  university,  .  .  .  developing  the  capabilities  they  need  to  provide  services  and  solutions  that  supplement  their  traditional  product  offerings.  if  a  manufacturer  equips  their  product  with  sensors  to  collect  usage  data,  they  can  then  stream  the  data  into  microsofts  azure  cloud  to  permit  providing  their  customer  with  remote  monitoring  services.  this  remote  monitoring  service  can  then  be  offered  to  their  customers  for  a  monthly  recurring  revenue  stream.  added  benefits  to  this  revenue  stream  include:  some  manufacturers  of  discrete  products  are  taking  this  concept  a  step  further  and  creating  equipmentasaservice  xaas  revenue  models.  for  their  customers,  this  eliminates  capex
__label__productinspection and  replaces  it  with  a  consumption  based  opex  cost  model.  while  adoption  is  reportedly  slow,  it  is  beginning  to  gain  favor  as  iot  has  become  more  widely  accepted  and  adopted.  clearly,  i  have  only  scratched  the  surface  on  connected  factory  and  connected  product.  join  me  for  next  weeks  blogpost  where  i  will  discuss  other  ways  of  saving  or  making  money  with  iot  in  manufacturing.  ill  also  toss  in  a  customer  story  or  two.  required  fields  are  marked
__label__productinspection expanding  business  opportunities  with  iot  iot  in  manufacturing  isnt  just  about  collecting  data.  its  about  gaining  insights  to  inform  actions  that  help  drive  business  goals  and  create  new  opportunities.  find  use  cases,  stories  and  examples  to  learn  how  azure  iot  tools  are  helping  manufacturers  make  the  most  of  iot  in  their  operations.  explore:  iot  is  the  new  the  differentiator  for  manufacturers,  enabling  them  to  optimize  factory  operations  and  improve  processes.  explore  manufacturing  industry  examples  to  see  how  azure  iot  makes  it  possible  to  work  with  iot  device  data,  drive  business  faster,  and  increase  customer  satisfaction.  download  the  solutions  guide  watch
__label__productinspection industrial  analytics  is  the  collection,  analysis,  and  usage  of  data  generated  in  industrial  operations  and  throughout  the  entire  product  lifecycle.  this  includes  data  about  a  companys  operations  including  materials,  processes,  product  performance,  production  performance,  and  customer  feedback.  industrial  analytics  thus  finds  applications  in  any  company  that  manufactures  and/or  sells  physical  products.  industrial  analytics  involves  traditional  methods  of  data  capture  and  statistical  modeling.  however,  most  of  its  future  value  will  be  enabled  by  advancements  in  connectivity  iot  and  improved  methods  for  analyzing  and  interpreting  data  machine  learning/big  data  in  order  to  optimize  processes  in  realtime,  improve  efficiency,  lower  operating  costs  and
__label__productinspection enhance  customer  satisfaction.  preventive  maintenance  is  the  maintenance  performed  on  manufacturing  equipment  with  the  idea  of  reducing  the  likelihood  of  its  failure.  preventive  maintenance  techniques  are  designed  to  help  determine  the  condition  of  inservice  equipment  in  order  to  predict  whenthe  maintenanceof  the  equipment  should  be  performed.by  comparing  current  sensor  readings  to  historical  data,  the  system  can  use  preventive  maintenance  to  detect  issues  early  in  the  manufacturing  process,  allowing  the  company  to  schedule  maintenance  activities  at  a  time  when  the  overall  impact  on  the  system  will  be  minimal.  this  level  of  prediction  can  prevent  costly  and  unplanned  maintenance  as  well  as
__label__productinspection lost  earnings  that  might  otherwise  affect  service  level  agreements.  anomaly  detection  systems  help  manufacturers  discover  product  defects  early  in  the  production  pipeline.  early  anomaly  detection  gives  machine  operators  advance  warning  of  issues  in  the  manufacturing  process  downstream,  allowing  such  issues  to  be  resolved  quickly,  without  having  to  shut  down  the  entire  production  line.  in  the  process  and  discrete  manufacturing  industries,  is  it  critical  to  keep  defects  below  a  certain  threshold  in  order  to  maintain  optimum  levels  of  efficiency.a  new  set  of  possibilities  is  being  enabled  from  granular  data  collected  fromdigital  factories.  it  is  the  ability  to  dig  deeper  into  the
__label__productinspection next  level  of  data  to  understandspecifics  of  process  stateswhich  increase  defect  density.a  product  may  undergo  a  variety  of  operations  and  at  each  step  of  the  operation,  various  data  parameters  are  monitored.  the  system  then  uses  advanced  machine  learning  techniques  to  spot  patterns  and  reduce  the  defect  density  of  the  product.  taking  this  further,  intelligent  machine  learning  models  help  orchestrate  actions  requiring  less  manual  intervention.  for  example,  realtime  fault  detection  on  products  during  the  manufacturing  process  helps  in  automatically  reducing  scraprelated  costs.  iot  analytics  can  reduce  product  costs.  a  manufacturer  of  specific  lighting  systems,  for  example,  needs  to  guarantee  a  certain
__label__productinspection duration  of  product  lifetime  to  his  customers.  traditionally  the  manufacturer  over  engineers  certain  components  of  the  solution  in  order  to  ensure  that  the  required  lifetime  can  be  guaranteed.  with  industrial  iot  analytics,  this  manufacturer  can  now  analyze  the  product  usage  in  detail  and  can  then  reduce  specifications  for  those  components  that  do  not  have  a  large  impact  on  the  overall  product  lifetime.  transform  your  business  with  with  unlock  insights  connect  different  data  points  and  make  better  business  decisions  html  2017  2018  unlock  insights.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection client  is  a  leading  polyurethane  pu  foam  manufacturer.  the  looper  foam  cutting  machine  that  client  is  using  at  its  manufacturing  plant  can  run  at  a  max  speed  of  120  m/min.  however,  since  the  defects  in  the  form  of  holes,  cuts,  patches  etc.  are  currently  being  identified  by  humans,  the  machine  has  to  be  operated  at  a  lower  speed.  additionally,  there  is  also  a  large  scope  of  defects  being  missed  completely  which  further  leads  to  material  being  rejected  by  the  customer,  thus,  increasing  the  overall  cost.  foam  manufacturer  needs  iot  internet  of  things/  driven  solution  to  detect  manufacturing  defects  during  production
__label__productinspection stage.  the  solution  will  replace  the  current  process  of  defect  detection  involving  constant  worker  oversight  withsmart  camera  device  that  will  capture  the  video  stream  every  time  and  pass  it  onto  intelligence  system  cloud  based  that  will  identify  the  defect  in  foam,  if  any.  valiance  proposed  to  build  an  intelligent  defect  identification  platform  where  images/videos  captured  through  high  end  camera  of  normal  and  abnormal  foams  from  different  stages  of  production  can  be  submitted  to  the  localized  learning  service  that  will  build  analytical  models  to  discern  ok  vs  not  ok  characteristics  of  parts  or  components  of  foam  that  meet  quality  specifications  and
__label__productinspection visual  quality  detection  refers  to  the  use  of  vision  for  automatic  inspection,  process  control  androbot  guidance  in  an  industrial  environment.  quality  assurance  systems  utilize  rfid,  sensors,  video  monitoring,  remote  information  distribution  and  cloud  solutions  on  the  production  line  to  streamline  inspection  procedures,  improve  decision  making,  and  reduce  costs  driven  by  quality  defects.  the  overall  machine  vision  market  is  expected  to  grow  from  usd  8.12  billion  in  2015  to  usd  14.43  billion  by  2022,  at  a  cagr  of  8.15  between  2016  and  2022.  source:
__label__productinspection everyones  talking  about  industry  4.0.  its  the  next  level  of  automation,  with  interconnected  machines  driving  production  to  new  levels.  this  stems  from  the  combination  of  technologies  like  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  computing,  and  artificial  intelligence  ai.  ai,  or  cognitive  computing  as  we  like  to  refer  to  it  at  ibm,  has  helped  us  go  further,  go  faster  and  solve  problems  previous  generations  could  not  even  imagine.  thats  largely  because  ai  technologies  like  have  enabled  us  to  tap  into  unstructured  data  for  the  first  time.  traditional  it  systems  could  only  analyse  structured  or  spreadsheettype  data.  yet  unstructured  data,  such  as  books,
__label__productinspection images,  audio,  video,  social  media  posts  and  much  more,  makes  up  80  of  all  data,  and  has  been  inaccessible  until  now.  watson  on  the  other  hand,  can  understand  natural  language,  it  can  listen  to  music,  analyse  images  and  even  detect  emotions.  so  when  i  started  looking  at  the  application  of  this  cognitive  technology  in  the  field  of  manufacturing,  i  was  pretty  excited  about  its  potential.  the  traditional  focus  for  technology  systems  within  the  manufacturing  arena  has  been  on  asset  maintenance.  of  course  thats  pretty  important,  but  cognitive  manufacturing  can  also  improve  the  quality  of  the  product  output  and  thats  revolutionary.
__label__productinspection high  quality  inspection,  at  every  stage  of  production,  is  critical  to  business  success  for  most  manufacturers.  quality  inspections  commonly  involve  visual  confirmation  that  all  product  components  are  in  the  correct  location,  have  the  right  shape  or  colour  or  texture  and  have  no  defects.  with  the  massive  number  and  variety  of  products  being  manufactured  today,  using  traditional  techniques  where  an  image  is  treated  as  structured  data  is  simply  not  practical.  in  my  presentation  giving  machines  eyes:  how  cognitive  computing  can  detect  defects  in  real  time  ,  i  will  explore  the  topic  of  cognitive  manufacturing  as  it  relates  to  composite  materials.  i
__label__productinspection have  used  ibms  technology  to  reduce  the  number  of  defects  that  often  occur  in  the  manufacturing  of  composite  materials  materials  which  are  common  in  the  automotive,  aerospace  and  sporting  industries.  ultimately,  it  will  ensure  that  higher  quality  parts  are  produced  at  a  lower  cost.  the  technology  is  incredibly  powerful,  but  using  it  is  really  simple.  first,  we  teach  watson  what  each  defect  looks  like  by  giving  it  examples  of  typical  defects.  then  it  detects  defects  based  on  images  of  the  parts  captured  as  they  move  through  production  and  assembly.  by  working  alongside  human  inspectors,  this  technology  can  immediately  detect  defects
__label__productinspection in  products,  even  something  as  small  as  a  pinholesize  puncture.  cognitive  visual  recognition  technology  is  in  its  early  stages,  and  yet,  were  already  seeing  it  reduce  manufacturing  defects  by  up  to  10.  the  real  power  however,  stems  from  the  fact  that  anyone  can  train  watson,  and  you  dont  need  to  be  an  expert  in  machine  learning  or  even  image  analysis  to  leverage  it.  this  is  a  subject  near  and  dear  to  my  heart,  as  my  phd  research  focused  on  making  the  manufacturing  process  of  composite  materials  more  efficient.  i  have  carried  out  considerable  research  into  applying  to  specific  cases  of
__label__productinspection the  manufacturing  process  and  now  i  have  seen  the  great  potential  that  cognitive  technology  has  in  this  space.  not  only  is  it  quicker  and  easier  to  implement,  it  is  able  to  be  applied  to  a  much  wider  range  of  uses.  combining  artificial  intelligence  with  other  technologies  like  iot  and  virtual  reality  offers  us  incredible  possibilities  to  not  just  enable  new  levels  of  productivity,  but  also  to  ensure  that  quality  is  flawless.  this  is  why  experts  are  claiming  weve  entered  a  new  era  in  automation.  for  more  on  how  we  are  bringing  these  technologies  together,  come  along  to  our  talk.
__label__productinspection realtime  monitoring  of  manufacturing  equipment  to  prevent  faults  and  anomalies  is  vital  for  any  industrial  process  and  a  precursor  to  predictive  maintenance.  use  machine  learning  models  to  help  detect  and  predict  these  faults  in  a  motor  ball  bearing  data  set.  several  mathematical  techniques  in  machine  learning,  starting  with  basic  fast  fourier  transform  fft  to  the  more  complex  gaussian  mixture  model,  do  not  require  training  a  neural  network  for  anomaly  detection.  these  techniques  can  be  reused  with  minor  modifications  on  different  data  streams  and  dont  require  a  lot  of  known  previously  classified  data  unlike  neural  networks.  in  fact,  some  of  these
__label__productinspection methods  can  classify  data  in  order  to  train  deep  neural  networks.  detect  irregularities  in  machine  vibration.  process  locally  using  the  scikitlearn  library.  send  data  to  the  cloud  for  aggregation  and  viewing.  this  application  takes  the  input  from  a  dataset  and  performs  data  preprocessing  using  fft.  the  opc  unified  architecture  ua  server  reads  preprocessed  data  and  sends  it  to  an  opc  ua  client,  which  stores  the  data  in  influxdb.  data  is  fetched  from  the  database  and  is  used  to  build  three  machine  learning  models:  logistic  regression,  kmeans  clustering,  and  gaussian  mixture  model.  failure  predictions  from  each  of  these  models  are  stored
__label__productinspection machine  learning  can  be  used  for  more  than  for  example,  one  fascinating  application  has  been  developed  by  instrumental  ai,  which  uses  machine  learning  to  detect  defects  and  anomalies  in  photographs  of  parts  during  various  stages  of  assembly,  primarily  in  the  electronics  manufacturing  industry.  instrumental  was  founded  by  anna  shedletsky,  a  former  apple  engineer  with  two  degrees  from  stanford.  a  mechanical  engineer  by  training,  shedletsky  led  system  products  design  for  the  apple  watch  for  six  years.  i  led  the  team  that  designed  the  physical  product  itself,  as  well  as  being  responsible  for  the  first  production  line.  we  had  to  prove  mass
__label__productinspection production  yields  at  mass  production  speeds  on  the  first  line,  said  shedletsky.  in  this  role  at  apple,  she  noticed  how  very  small  defects  on  the  line  could  cause  huge  delays  and  problems  in  the  product  lifecycle  and  profitability.  so,  she  set  out  to  build  technology  tools  that  could  address  these  defects.  i  had  this  kind  of  nave,  but  correct  insight  that  there  arent  great  tools  for  this.  that  we  struggle  by  just  throwing  people  and  money  at  these  problems.  and  if  apple  didnt  have  it,  it  didnt  exist.  anna  shedletsky,  ceo,  instrumental  ai  engineering.com  sat  down  with  shedletsky  to  ask
__label__productinspection questions  about  the  technology  and  applications.  all  of  the  above.  process  issues,  part  quality  issues,  workmanship  issues,  and  design  issues.  we  primarily  do  our  first  deployment  in  the  new  product  introduction  npi  stage.  well  primarily  be  looking  for  a  combination  of  part  quality  and  design  issues  in  the  design  phase.  some  of  our  customers,  like  motorola,  have  actually  pushed  us  up  in  their  supply  chain.  so  theyre  actually  using  this  technology  with  some  of  their  suppliers  to  prevent  poor  quality  parts  from  leaking  into  their  final  assembly  stage.  we  had  a  customer  where  were  in  three  phases  of  their  supply
__label__productinspection chain.  those  parts  start  in  thailand,  they  go  to  korea,  and  then  they  end  up  in  china.  we  work  with  those  factories,  as  well  as  the  main  china  assembly  facility.  so,  we  can  look  at  both  quality  issues  created  by  suppliers,  as  well  as  quality  issues  that  are  created  in  onsite  final  assembly.  the  unique  insight  that  we  had  is  that  often  when  a  problem  occurs,  theres  not  the  right  kind  of  high  resolution  data  available  as  soon  as  the  problem  is  discovered.  so,  then  an  engineer  has  to  go  collect  additional  data  before  you  can  even  get  started  on
__label__productinspection solving  the  problem.  what  instrumental  does  is  we  actually  collect  data  proactively.  specifically,  we  take  images  of  every  single  unit  at  key  stages  of  assembly.  and  those  images,  as  you  might  have  heard,  are  worth  a  thousand  words.  you  dont  need  to  know  what  youre  looking  for  when  you  take  the  image,  but  that  image  could  be  very  valuable  for  identifying  these  types  of  issues  that  we  were  discussing.  the  way  that  we  get  these  images  is  with  dropin  camera  boxes,  or  we  can  take  images  off  of  preexisting  automation  equipment,  if  our  customers  have  cameras  already.  we  read  bar
__label__productinspection codes  out  of  the  images  to  make  those  traceable,  or  you  can  manually  scan  a  barcode  if  theres  no  barcode  on  a  part.  conventional  systems  are  usually  used  for  very  specific  applications.  for  example,  measuring  a  gap,  or  detecting  if  certain  screws  are  present  or  not.  for  these  systems,  theres  a  preconceived  notion  of  what  the  value  of  that  system  is  to  justify  buying  it  and  putting  it  on  the  line.  thats  how  vision  has  been  used  in  the  past.  these  vision  scenarios  are  very  rulesbased:  the  screw  is  either  there  or  not.  but  that  detection  wont  find  if  the
__label__productinspection screw  is  stripped,  for  example,  unless  its  been  preprogrammed  to  do  that  as  part  of  that  specific  deployment.  instrumental  is  a  generalized  tool.  it  can  actually  discover  issues  that  its  never  seen  before  and  that  our  customers  have  never  seen  before.  so  that  means  that  we  ultimately  go  in  places  that  typically  industrial  vision  or  human  inspectors  havent  been  able  to  provide  value  in  the  past.  for  example,  well  go  after  major  subassemblies  have  been  built  and  do  inspection  across  those  entire  subassemblies.  and  we  can  identify  a  wide  variety  of  different  types  of  issues  that  would  be  difficult  to
__label__productinspection wrap  specific  specifications  around.  for  example,  in  a  system  which  measures  a  gap,  you  could  say  point  four  plus  or  minus  point  one,  like  there  is  a  very  specific  specification.  but  what  about  glue  volume  and  glue  dispense?  what  about  bubbles  in  that  glue?  what  about  if  you  have  solder?  and  is  the  solder,  does  the  solder  look  right?  is  it  cold  solder  or  is  it  going  to  make  a  good  connection?  these  things  could  use  conventional  vision  to  inspect  if  it  was  preplanned.  however,  often  its  too  expensive  to  actually  deploy  vision  systems  to  do  these,  because  each  individual
__label__productinspection algorithm  you  have  to  set  up  on  a  machine  vision  system  will  cost  you  many  hours  of  a  consultants  time,  whereas  instrumental  programs  itself.  so,  you  drop  our  system  in,  we  look  at  thirty  units  of  data,  which  usually  we  get  in  the  first  day  of  being  on  the  line,  and  our  algorithms  start  to  program  themselves  to  be  able  to  find  other  types  of  defects  that  they  know  about  and  ones  they  dont  know  about  yet.  yes.  we  dont  need  red  rabbit  defects  to  be  able  to  set  up  these  algorithms.  we  can  certainly  take  and  use  red  rabbit
__label__productinspection data,  but  we  dont  need  it  to  be  effective.  key  point:  those  thirty  units,  you  said  normal  units,  they  dont  have  to  be  golden  either.  thats  often  another  constraint  or  problem  in  development,  is  you  cant  even  build  one  golden  unit,  let  alone  30.  and  thats  actually  been  a  problem.  and  so  just  normal  input  is  good.  there  can  be  defects  in  it  too.  thats  fine,  no  problem.  it  doesnt  have  to  be  special  in  any  way.  yes.  thirty  is  when  we  allow  the  algorithm  to  start  working  because  there  are  some  use  cases  in  which  thats  enough  and  ready
__label__productinspection for  the  production  line.  and  then  as  we  get  more  data,  then  we  can  tune  in  and  prove  these  algorithms.  they  effectively  tune  in  and  prove  themselves.  what  we  do  need  to  know  is  what  is  defective,  because  what  we  find  is  difference,  but  our  customers  needed  to  tell  us  which  differences  actually  correspond  to  defects.  yes.  we  have  paretos.  we  have  trends,  because  we  know  what  these  defect  rates  are  over  time.  so,  we  can  show  run  charts  that  show  different  types  of  defects  and  when  theyre  occurring.  a  lot  of  times,  our  customers  view  that  when  they  roll
__label__productinspection into  production,  things  shouldnt  change.  like,  its  production  everythings  stable.  everythings  fixed.  but  actually,  at  least  in  the  consumer  electronics  industry,  things  are  not  fixed,  because  operators  are  turning  over  at  very  high  rates,  so  things  are  constantly  changing.  for  example,  one  of  our  customers  found  that  every  monday  morning  at  8:00  a.m.,  they  would  have  a  spike  of  defects  such  as  a  missing  screw  or  something  silly  like  that.  and  no  matter  what  they  did  on  training,  theyve  always  had  this  spike.  and  so,  being  able  to  kind  of  monitor  that  and  understand  that  youre  going  to  be  able
__label__productinspection to  stop  those  units.  that  is  a  key  value  that  this  technology  provides.  i  used  to  do  this  as  an  engineer,  where  you  get  a  problem,  figure  out  whats  going  on,  do  failure  analysis,  create  corrective  actions,  validate  its  good,  and  then  make  the  change  and  do  that  many  times  over  during  development.  so,  our  technology  is  augmenting  and  supporting  that  by  identifying  these  issues  more  quickly,  identifying  trends  to  help  understand  if  your  issues  are  being  fixed  or  whether  theyre  increasing,  and  being  able  to  essentially  take  multiple  data  sets  together  and  be  able  to  identify  correlations.  thats  the
__label__productinspection vision  of  what  were  trying  to  do.  with  the  software  that  weve  built  today,  vision  is  just  our  first  application.  theres  this  whole  data  pipeline  which  manufacturers  are  pushing  additional  data  into,  so  the  idea  is  that  someone  else  will  build  the  automation.  these  automated  lines  are  going  to  be  filled  with  different  vendors  of  automation.  so,  youre  going  to  need  one  common  place  for  this  data  to  go  into,  and  you  want  this  common  place  to  be  some  place  that  you  can  access  from  all  of  the  sites  in  the  supply  chain.  were  thinking  bigger  than  just  one  factory
__label__productinspection floor.  were  thinking  about  all  the  upstream  suppliers  and  also  the  downstream  customer  experience  with  the  products,  like  for  quality  escapes  and  things  like  that.  so,  thats  the  vision  of  instrumental  is  to  create  selfoptimization  feedback  loops  across  this  entire  supply  chain.  were  a  manufacturing  data  company  that  doesnt  sell  to  manufacturers.  we  actually  sell  to  brands,  like  motorola.  the  reason  is  because  they  own  the  supply  chain,  the  factories  dont.  as  i  mentioned,  we  work  with  brands.  the  brand  is  our  paying  customer,  and  then  they  often  have  a  factory  partner,  companies  like  flex,  foxconn,  or  pegatron  where  they
__label__productinspection actually  build  the  stuff.  so,  we  come  into  the  factory  on  two  well  worn  ruts.  the  first  rut  is  that  were  just  the  test  station  on  the  line,  and  we  happen  to  require  a  data  line.  so,  our  customer  specifies,  oh  yeah,  we  want  an  internal  station  here.  they  need  two  outlets  and  a  data  line.  and  a  factory  says,  okay.  its  a  test  station.  and  its  just  kind  of  part  of  their  normal  flow.  the  other  well  worn  rut  is  third  party  qa.  so,  these  are  services  such  as  underwriters  laboratories  ul.  factories  are  constantly  having  people  come  and
__label__productinspection essentially  look  over  the  data  and  what  theyre  doing.  so,  we  come  in  in  these  ways.  we  havent  ever  been  in  a  situation  where  our  customer  cannot  get  internet  and  have  prevented  us  from  being  able  to  run.  we  designed  this  to  work  in  china,  after  all.  theyre  piloting  the  system  in  production,  and  their  expectations  are  to  see  more  dollars  and  cents,  because  were  essentially  intercepting  defects  that  they  dont  have  good  ways  to  catch.  we  work  on  every  phone  theyve  made  since  2018.  its  about  six  or  seven  products  at  this  point,  and  key  takeaway  values  for  them
__label__productinspection include  enabling  them  to  accelerate  product  maturity  during  development,  meaning  they  find  issues  faster  and  they  fix  them.  they  find  them  in  the  first  build  instead  of  the  third  build,  and  there  are  so  many  stories.  each  particular  program  there  seem  to  be  ten  or  twenty  different  situations  in  which  each  of  those  problems  would  have  cost  them  150k  or  more,  such  as  finding  a  tooling  issue  on  the  first  day  of  the  build  instead  of  all  the  way  at  the  end  after  youve  already  replicated  tools.  that  product  maturity  acceleration  and  the  production  of  experiments  and  mistakes  involving  tooling
__label__productinspection specifically  and  does  that  have  to  be  run  to  fix  things  have  been  significantly  reduced  with  instrumental.  they  also  saw  an  acceleration  in  the  ramp.  their  time  to  stability  was  much  shorter  over  the  seven  programs  that  use  instrumental  versus  the  ones  that  didnt.  so,  they  saw  a  significant  delta  there.  it  means  their  yields  are  higher  faster,  so  theyre  essentially  saving  a  lot  of  money  they  would  normally  spend  on  rework  and  potentially  shipping  bad  units  to  customers.  motorola  is  interesting  in  that  they  kind  of  lost  some  of  their  gleam  on  their  brand  name  in  recent  times,  but
__label__productinspection motorola  from  an  engineering  and  manufacturing  process  standpoint  is  the  og.  apples  process  was  replicated  off  of  motorolas.  we  work  now  with  a  bunch  of  fortune  500  companies,  and  they  all  use  the  motorola  process.  six  sigma  was  invented  at  motorola.  they  really  are  leaders  and  innovators  in  the  product  development  process  and  manufacturing  process.  super  important.  we  have  preproduction  images  of  products  in  highly  competitive  spaces,  and  so  from  the  beginning  we  built  this  system  with  enterprisegrade  security.  in  many  ways,  cloud  security  can  be  more  secure  than  onpremise  systems,  because  onprem  systems  dont  necessarily  get  patches  and  updates.
__label__productinspection cloud  systems  that  are  fully  encrypted  are  getting  updated  constantly  with  any  latest  security  patches.  thats  part  of  working  with  a  new  customer.  we  go  through  extensive  security  reviews  to  make  sure  our  system  is  up  to  par.  again,  as  i  mentioned,  we  work  with  these  fortune  500  brands  that  like  to  be  protected.  the  key  point  is  making  sure  the  system  is  secure  for  their  data.  i  hate  ai  i  hate  industry  4.0  and  industrial  iot  too.  i  think  the  key  point  is  that  ai  is  a  collection  of  technologies,  of  which  machine  learning  is  one.  computer  vision  is
__label__productinspection another.  then,  frankly,  more  than  50  of  it  is  just  math  and  statistics  and  pearson  coefficients.  but  those  sound  a  lot  less  sexy.  im  pretty  skeptical  on  the  buzz  words.  we  do  use  them  because  thats  how  people  find  us,  because  theyre  looking  for  these  types  of  solutions,  but  personally  id  rather  just  be  100  clear  and  concise  about  what  it  is  we  do.  we  find  defects.  thats  where  we  try  to  position  ourselves,  but  thats  my  personal  vendetta  against  buzz  words.  especially  industry  4.0  and  industrial  iot.  i  dont  know.  what  do  you  think  about  it?  you  probably  use
__label__productinspection it  all  the  time?  yeah,  well.  i  think  that  people  at  various  larger  brands  are  trying  to  coopt  these  terms  as  well.  the  term  industry  4.0  was  invented  in  germany,  but  a  certain  american  conglomerate  kind  of  took  it  over  and  spent  all  the  marketing  dollars  on  it.  but  then  they  never  delivered  anything,  so  i  have  a  skepticism  around  something  that  was  a  big  marketing  thing,  but  then  there  was  no  delivery  on  the  promise.  i  think  that  industry  4.0  is  frankly  a  little  shortsighted  around  the  capabilities,  and  thats  probably  what  5.0  means,  but  ive  seen  several  different
__label__productinspection definitions  of  5.0,  so  its  clearly  not  clear.  in  my  opinion,  the  next  thing  after  automation  is  full  autonomy.  its  not  humans  in  the  loop.  thats  just  people  who  are  trying  to  make  themselves  feel  better  that  theyre  going  to  get  replaced.  i  think  its  about  autonomy  and  intelligence,  and  essentially  creating  systems  that  can  do  this  stuff.  sure,  a  human  can  be  in  the  loop  to  push  the  button  to  make  the  change,  to  make  sure  that  the  machines  dont  go  awry.  but  i  think  that  the  collaborative  stuff,  i  dont  think  thats  the  future.  thats  just  part  of
__label__productinspection 4.0.  it  can  depend.  usually,  as  i  mentioned,  most  of  our  customers  dont  have  vision  in  the  places  that  would  be  most  valuable  for  the  way  instrumental  works.  so,  well  drop  in  place  a  station  that  will  have  a  fixture.  the  part  will  be  manually  loaded  and  well  capture  the  image.  consumer  electronics  is  still  a  98  manual  assembly.  there  are  a  lot  of  people  on  these  lines.  so,  in  a  production  line,  we  sit  between  two  operators,  so  that  its  neutral.  a  person  loads  the  part.  we  scan  the  bar  code,  take  the  picture  and  do  the  analysis  and
__label__productinspection then  pass  the  results  to  the  downstream  operator.  if  our  customers  have  automation  equipment  or  cameras  that  are  already  taking  images  from  conveyor  lines,  for  example,  we  can  ingest  those  images  and  process  these  images  and  then  give  realtime  results  back  to  the  mes  for  that  line,  so  they  actually  intercept  those  parts.  essentially  any  discrete  manufacturing  serialized  product.  we  think  in  general  for  modest  volumes  50  or  more  in  value  of  the  product  itself.  we  primarily  today  work  on  electronics  applications,  but  we  have  medical  device  customers  that  have  products  that  dont  have  any  electronics  in  them,  such  as
__label__productinspection pump  systems  and  things  like  that  where  its  medical  applications.  some  of  those  parts  are  as  cheap  as  3.00  in  terms  of  how  much  the  part  costs,  but  the  reason  there  is  return  on  investment  is  because  the  cost  of  a  defective  unit  getting  through  is  very,  very  high  in  the  medical  industry.  we  also  have  customers  in  the  automotive  industry,  and  we  believe  that  therell  be  some  really  interesting  applications  in  defense  and  government.  and  were  just  kind  of  starting  that  now.  recommended  for  you  manufacturing  101  copyright  2019  engineering.com,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  registration  on  or  use  of
__label__productinspection improve  the  availability  and  reliability  of  assets  and  costoptimize  maintenance  programs.  learn  more  increase  your  sales  and  service  revenue,  reduce  costs,  and  improve  customer  satisfaction.  learn  more  industry  company  connect  expertise  smarter  manufacturing  starts  here.  deliver  predictable  production  and  consistent  quality,  everytime.  industrial  ai  software  for  manufacturing.  uptakes  industrial  ai  software  configured  for  manufacturing  combines  material,  process  and  equipment  data  to  create  more  productive  operations,  backed  by  a  powerful  industrial  ai  platform  built  on  worldclass  data  science  and  machine  learning.  increase  production  throughput.  improve  product  quality.  lower  operating  costs.  improve  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  drive  worldclass  productivity  and  enable  continuous
__label__productinspection improvement  with  industrial  ai  and  machine  learning.  further  reduce  process  and  product  variation  and  leverage  better  insights  for  immediate  action.  decrease  unplanned  downtime  and  hit  production  targets,  reducing  the  need  for  overtime  or  resources  for  production  capacity  surges.  predictable  production  drives  more  confidence  in  capacity  planning  and  an  optimized  financial  operating  model.  detect  and  resolve  anomalies  and  defects  earlier  in  the  process,  ensuring  worldclass  quality  leaves  the  dock.  machine  learning  anomaly  detection  is  a  closedloop  detection  process  that  improves  firstpass  yield,  reducing  raw  material  spend,  scrap  and  nonvalueadd  rework  costs.  improve  the  work  balance  of  assets  and  reduce  costs  associated
__label__productinspection with  idling,  starving  or  blocking  equipment.  financially  optimize  maintenance  strategy,  applying  preventive,  predictive  and  prescriptive  maintenance  where  it  drives  the  most  value  for  the  operation.  make  datadriven  operational  decisions.  empower  your  team  with  databacked  recommendations  that  establish  a  learning  culture,  reduce  variation  and  uncertainty,  and  inform  smarter,  safer  decisions.  reduce  unplanned  downtime,  improve  asset  performance  and  make  the  right  repairs,  faster.  improve  underlying  operation  productivity  and  access  technology  to  make  the  smart  factory  operate  safely,  efficiently  and  effectively.  identify  root  cause  and  top  contributors  to  quality  issues,  reducing  product  lost  to  defects  or  deviations.  uptakes  applications  are  the  backbone  of
__label__productinspection image  classification  is  a  popular  area  of  artificial  intelligence.  one  application  of  image  classification  thats  already  being  used  in  industry  is  the  detection  of  quality  issues  on  assembly  lines  during  manufacturing.  in  a  typical  production  line,  components  travel  down  the  assembly  line  from  one  station  to  another,  at  the  end  of  which  an  inspector  steps  in  to  look  for  problemsa  manual  and  errorprone  process.  aidriven  image  classification  reduces  human  effort  and  automatically  classifies  images  as  pass  or  fail.  this  improves  not  only  the  efficiency  of  the  human  operators  in  the  validation  process,  but  also  the  quality  of  the  overall  manufacturing
__label__productinspection process.  when  preparing  your  data  for  an  image  classification  solution,  you  need  two  sets  of  images  to  train  your  model:  one  to  represent  pass  examples  and  one  to  represent  fails.  these  images  can  be  either  chosen  from  a  generic  dataset  such  as  kaggle  or  custommade  for  your  business.  consider  having  homogeneous  images;  for  example,  a  set  of  similarly  sized  jpg  files  at  the  same  scale  resolution.  preparing  the  data  also  requires  dividing  the  images  into  training  and  validation  sets.  once  you  have  a  homogeneous  and  organized  set  of  images,  the  data  is  read  into  an  analytics  engine.  neural  networks  and
__label__productinspection transfer  learning  are  good  ways  to  handle  image  data  in  ai  solutions.  transfer  learning  lets  you  use  trained  models  that  already  know  how  to  classify  an  image.  an  existing  model  may  perform  a  certain  task  very  wellfor  example,  detecting  people  or  cats.  however,  the  task  it  was  trained  for  probably  differs  from  the  specific  scenario  youre  solving  for.  retraining  an  existing  model  is  usually  much  faster  than  starting  from  scratch,  so  transfer  learning  substantially  shortens  the  training  process.  finally,  in  image  classification,  a  neural  network  is  sometimes  paired  with  a  secondary  model  to  provide  the  final  prediction.  for  example,  a
__label__productinspection convolutional  neural  network  architecture  with  50  hidden  layers  can  be  used  to  process  the  image.  pair  it  with  a  boosted  decision  tree  to  classify  the  image  as  pass  or  fail.  once  a  trained  image  classification  model  is  ready,  the  model  can  be  deployed  as  a  web  service  with  a  rest  endpoint.  analytics  dashboards  and  alerts  can  call  the  web  service  for  information  and  predictions.  because  image  processing  tends  to  be  computationally  expensive,  many  similar  solutions  make  use  of  cloudbased  cluster  deployments  that  can  be  scaled  when  needed.  a  service  such  as  azure  machine  learning  can  assist  with  this,  creating  a
__label__productinspection to  meet  the  increasing  demand  for  defect  detection  in  the  industrial  field,  intel  and  wpi  have  jointly  launched  thetraining  inference  collaboratively  integrated  intel  eis  edge  insight  software  industrial  visual  inspectionscheme.  the  system  can  be  used  to  detect  the  defects  of  products  with  known  types  by  using  balser  camera,gateway  and  software  application  and  supporting  the  acquisition  of  highresolution  images  in  combination  withtraditional  vision,  deep  learning  and  vision  algorithm.  the  product  defect  detection  of  aluminum  parts  in  a  wellknown  domestic  factory  is  based  on  this  framework  as  an  example  of  application.  this  scheme,  based  on  computer  vision,  is  to  perform  the  operational
__label__productinspection processing  of  the  acquired  image  data  of  anobject  through  the  special  edge  computing  node  device,  and  then  to  distribute  the  processed  result:  1:  control  the  mechanical  arm  and  give  an  alarm  2:  report  the  data  to  the  edge  server  the  edge  server  collects  data,  processes  and  analyzes  the  data,  and  then  completes  the  cloud  connection.  1.1  the  overfitting  degree  of  the  recognition  result  is  low  because  the  traditional  aoi  scheme  adopts  the  opticalvisual  comparison  analysis  method  to  analyze  the  objectto  be  inspected,  the  inspection  overfitting  rate  is  high,  it  iseasy  to  misreport  good  products  as  defective  products,  somanual  secondary  screening
__label__productinspection is  required  at  the  backstage,which  affects  the  production  efficiency  and  increasesthe  labor  cost.  at  the  same  time,  aoi  defect  recognitionis  based  on  the  priori  defect  shape  to  make  patternrecognition,  and  the  defect  types  that  can  be  classifieditself  are  relatively  limited,  it  cannot  judge  a  problem,  and  then  make  a  secondary  classification.  this  project  bases  on  ai  black  box  model  for  defectclassification,  at  the  same  time,  through  the  study  ofannotation  of  a  large  quantity  of  sample  data,  the  defecttarget  detection  is  automatically  completed,  the  recognitionaccuracy  is  high,  and  the  secondary  review  resourcesare  reduced,  at  the  same  time,  because  the  schemeuses  deep
__label__productinspection learning  technology,  users  do  not  need  tomatch  specific  defect  features,  the  statistics  of  all  thefeatures  are  completed  automatically  through  artificialintelligence,  so  the  number  of  defect  classification  can  begreatly  improved,  compared  with  aoi,  it  can  identify  moresubdivided  defects.  1.2  modular  deployment  usually,  when  an  industrial  project  has  been  approved,because  the  application  scenario  varies,  the  systemarchitecture  often  needs  to  be  redesigned  accordingto  the  project  requirements,  which  greatly  increasesthe  complexity  and  difficulty  of  the  project  deployment  and  consumes  human  resources.  this  scheme  adopts  thetechnology  of  docker  modular  deployment,  the  step  function  tasks  including  data  acquisition,  integration,  storage,analysis,  algorithm  deployment,  message  queue  processing  and
__label__productinspection so  on  are  divided,  and  the  underlying  data  logicis  improved,  thus  the  replicability  of  the  system  architecture  is  realized,  so  the  system  integrator  does  not  need  toredesign  the  scheme  architecture  from  beginning  to  end,  as  long  as  the  selection  of  functional  modules,  parametersetting  and  model  retraining  are  completed,  the  deployment  of  the  whole  scheme  can  be  basically  realized,  whichgreatly  reduces  the  difficulty  of  the  project  deployment  and  improves  the  reusability  of  the  system.  1.3  low  training  threshold  this  project  adopts  leadergs  openr8  graphical  training  tool,  which  has  built  in  a  variety  of  mainstream  deep  learningframeworks  tensorflow,  caffe,  pytorch...  and  algorithm
__label__productinspection models  ssd,  mobilenet,  googlenet,  users  can  easilycreate  a  deep  learning  model  without  mastering  programming  skills  and  by  simply  using  the  mouse  through  a  simplebrowser  interface.  4  key  technology  4.1  key  frame  screening  in  this  scheme,  opencv2  builtin  algorithm  is  adopted  to  collect  several  positive  bitmaps  of  the  object  to  be  inspectedby  setting  the  pixel  point  threshold,  and  the  frame  at  the  center  of  the  picture  is  calculated  and  selected  as  the  keyframe  of  the  object  to  be  inspected  for  identification.  at  the  same  time,  the  meta  data  is  extracted  and  transferred  tothe  influxdb  time  series  database.  figure  7  data  acquisition
__label__productinspection process  figure  8  key  frame  filtering  module  framework  4.2  image  positioning  in  this  scheme,  opencv2  flannbasedmatcher  module  is  adopted  to  match  the  key  points  of  the  key  frame  with  thereference  picture,  so  as  to  adjust  the  size  and  angle  of  the  key  frame.  meanwhile,  findhomography  module  is  used  tocalculate  the  similarity  between  the  reference  image  and  the  key  frame  and  judge  the  validity  of  the  key  frame  whetherit  is  the  object  to  be  inspected,  so  as  to  identify  it.  reference  links  contact  us  886227883255
__label__productinspection ai.see  elunics  visual  quality  control  and  defect  detection  system  uses  nextgeneration  automated  optical  inspection  aoi  and  selflearning  models  based  on  machine  learning  ml  and  deep  learning  ai  algorithms  capable  of  exploiting  data  potentials,  even  if  complexity  increases.  aoi  enables  fast  and  accurate  automated  inspection  of  electronic  assemblies  to  ensure  high  product  quality  output  of  pcb  manufacturing.  surface  inspection,  positioning  and  orientation  sensing  of  electrical  components  and  classification  are  just  a  few  examples  illustrating  the  applications  of  the  system.  in  contrast  to  traditional  computer  vision  systems,  ai.see  deploys  cuttingedge  technologies  to  detect  and  locate  objects  and  defects  more  efficiently  and  to
__label__productinspection enhance  throughput  and  easeofuse.  smart  detection  of  error  patterns  prevents  quality  defects.  minimizes  malfunctions  in  finished  goods.  due  to  enhanced  fault  localization  and  traceability.  reduces  time  and  data  required  for  training.  adaptive  capabilities  reduce  pseudo  errors  and  increase  process  window.  due  to  high  firstpassyield  and  system  availability.  allowing  inprocess  ai  computation.  lower  falsefail  rates  boost  trust  in  test  results.  fast  implementation,  changeover  and  training.  computer  vision,  used  in  conventional  aoi  test  systems,  only  deals  with  identifying  images  using  hardcoded  rules  to  recognize  lines  and  shapes.  in  contrast,  ai.see  deploys  deep  learning  models  which  learn  the  interrelations  between  different  data  sets
__label__productinspection in  realtime  using  deep  learning  with  cuttingedge  artificial  neural  networks.  these  enhanced  adaptive  capabilities  not  only  deliver  better  quality  to  your  customers  but  improve  the  performance  of  your  production  facility.  for  pcb  manufacturers,  ai.see  is  a  smart  solution  on  your  path  to  industry  4.0.  collect  and  prepare  training  data  choose  and  optimize  preset  models  train  and  tune  machine  learning  models  deploy  models  in  production  scale  and  manage  the  production  environment  elunic  leaflet:  elunic  leaflet:  elunic  leaflet:  elunic  ag  erikamannstr.  23  80636  mnchen  deutschland  089  /  4161737  30  infoelunic.com  elunic  2447  pacific  coast  highway  hermosa  beach,  ca  90254  united  states  167712444227
__label__productinspection the  manufacturing  inspection  process  is  an  ideal  use  case  for  watsons  strong  visual  recognition  capabilities,  ibm  says.  by  for  topic:  ibm  on  tuesday  is  launching  a  new  watsonpowered  internet  of  things  iot  service  designed  to  help  manufacturers  streamline  their  assembly  line  inspection  process.  while  watson  is  used  to  process  and  analyze  a  variety  of  structured  and  unstructured  data,  visual  recognition  is  one  of  its  strengths,  bret  greenstein,  vp  of  the  watson  iot  platform,  told  zdnet.  using  watson  to  improve  the  manufacturing  inspection  process  is  an  ideal  use  case,  he  said,  because  of  its  repetitive  nature.  with  each  item  inspected,  the
__label__productinspection cognitive  visual  inspection  system  becomes  more  effective.  in  fact,  based  on  early  testing  of  an  eightday  production  cycle  that  includes  a  half  day  for  visual  inspections,  the  cognitive  visual  inspection  system  can  reduce  inspection  times  by  up  to  80  percent,  ibm  found.  the  system  also  reduced  manufacturing  defects  by  7  percent  to  10  percent.  it  can  help  detect  product  defects  as  minor  as  scratches  and  pinholesize  punctures.  to  deploy  the  system,  a  data  scientist  feeds  it  images  and  trains  it  to  look  for  certain  types  of  defects.  as  a  manufacturer,  you  know  what  to  look  for,  its  just  that  teaching
__label__productinspection a  system  to  look  for  you  is  better  when  you  can  get  confidence  levels  high,  greenstein  said.  techrepublic  the  system  declares  when  it  has  enough  information  to  detect  certain  patterns  of  defects.  while  the  training  time  varies  depending  on  the  product,  a  manufacturer  could  get  it  up  and  running  with  some  level  of  confidence  within  a  day,  greenstein  said.  once  the  system  is  trained,  it  uses  images  from  whatever  uhd  camera  system  the  manufacturer  already  has  in  place.  the  cognitive  visual  inspection  system  will  alert  a  human  operator  when  it  finds  a  potential  defect,  and  it  will  give  its  confidence
__label__productinspection level  in  identifying  whether  its  a  defect.  the  system  is  easily  scalable.  with  a  cloudbased  training  and  management  workflow,  it  can  be  deployed  at  any  number  of  manufacturing  inspection  stations.  pricing  is  based  on  a  consumptionbased  model,  along  with  an  edge  licensing  component.  ibm  is  currently  working  with  its  partner  capgemini,  a  global  it  consulting  and  tech  services  provider,  to  test  and  integrate  the  ibm  cognitive  visual  inspection  system  for  its  clients.  capgemini  is  one  of  the  companies  colocated  at  the  ibm  watson  iot  headquarters  in  munich,  germany,  where  ibm  has  invested  200  million  its  largest  investment  in  europe  in
__label__productinspection more  than  two  decades.  by  for  topic:  amazon  cloud  artificial  intelligence  amazon  the  algorithm  is  determining  if  something  is  a  boulder  or  not  before  a  wind  farm  is  stood  up  out  at  sea.  they  are  combining  aws  cloud  and  its  capabilities  in  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence  with  nfl  data  to  improve  player  health  and  safety.  the  melbournebased  university  has  joined  aws  global  cloud  innovation  centre  program  and  will  focus  on  realworld  cybersecurity  challenges.  qualcommssnapdragon865platformaimstospur5gsmartphoneupgradeswithadoseofcameraenhancementsandaitoolsthatmayredefinepremiumdeviceexperiences....  microsoft  releases  visual  studio  2019  v16.4  and  warns  developers  to  stop  using  older  versions.  netflixs  metaflow  python  tool  helps  data  scientists  deploy  machinelearning  models  to
__label__productinspection production  faster.  thenewserviceusesnaturallanguageunderstandingtolearntheintentandcontextofinformationwithinadocument,aswellastherelationshipsbetweencontentanddocuments....  at  aws  re:invent,  rovio  entertainment  lays  out  how  its  leveraging  ai  to  optimize  games,  with  plans  to  integrate  ai  across  the  whole  value  chain.  theservicecanbeactivatedthroughasingleclickinconnect;itautomaticallytranscribesandanalysescustomercallsandalsohasthecapabilitytotranscribepreviouslyrecorded...  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__productinspection products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  aipowered  iot:  the  rapidly  advancing  technology  that  revolutionizes  businesses  operations  the  internet  of  things  is  simply  an  ecosystem  of  various  objects  that  are  connected
__label__productinspection through  the  internet.  these  objects  that  range  from  cell  phones  and  wearables  to  machines  and  valves  generate  a  constant  and  a  vast  amount  of  data  every  day.  the  role  of  artificial  intelligence  in  the  current  iot  scenario  is  to  use  this  humungous  data  to  extract  meaningful  insights  and  help  iot  enabled  setups  to  derive  greater  value.  the  leading  vendors  of  like  microsoft,  amazon,  oracle,  ibm,  and  salesforce  have  started  integrating  ai  capabilities  such  as  machine  learning  into  their  iot  applications.  from  large  organizations  to  startups,  companies  across  industries  are  opting  for  ai  focused  iot  solutions.  these  companies  consider  that  ai
__label__productinspection is  reinventing  iot  and  will  help  to  unleash  its  true  potential.  gartner  predicts  that  by  2022,  more  than  80  percent  of  enterprise  iot  projects  will  include  an  ai  component,  up  from  only  10  percent  today.  the  fusion  of  ai  and  iot  turns  out  to  be  the  key  to  success  for  companies  in  various  sectors.  machine  learning,  an  essential  component  of  ai  makes  the  data  collected  using  iot  more  actionable.  it  helps  to:  cognitive  services  in  artificial  intelligence  like  natural  language  processing,  face  detection,  and  character  recognition  help  to  extract  insights  and  make  accurate  predictions  without  the  need  for  much  human
__label__productinspection intervention.  artificial  intelligence  is  transformational,  and  adopting  this  technology  will  enable  companies  to  reshape  their  strategic  vision  so  that  they  no  longer  rely  on  what  they  think  is  true,  rather,  leverage  factualbased  decisionmaking  capabilities.  the  retail  giant,  walmart,  uses  a  face  recognition  technology  in  its  stores  to  improve  the  shopping  experience.  the  images  of  customers  received  from  the  cameras  installed  in  the  stores  are  fed  to  this  ai.  based  on  the  data,  it  analyzes  the  facial  expressions  of  customers  and  identifies  whether  they  are  satisfied  or  frustrated  with  the  services  offered.  this  helps  the  staff  to  deal  with  the  customers
__label__productinspection in  the  right  way.  moreover,  ai  can  match  the  faces  of  the  people  entering  the  store  with  a  database  of  suspected  shoplifters  and  other  criminals.  if  the  match  is  found,  a  notification  is  sent  to  the  security  desk  immediately.  this  has  helped  to  significantly  reduce  the  theft  from  walmart  stores.  the  company  has  also  built  iot  tags  for  products  which  help  in  stock  management,  better  shelf  placement,  and  even  to  check  for  expiry  dates.  the  company  has  also  developed  iot  tags  to  make  performance  improvement  across  retail  and  warehouse.  iot  enabled  objects  to  connect  to  the  internet,  and  in  this
__label__productinspection case,  an  ai  to  automate  commonplace  practices.  these  tags  can  help  employees  know  when  to  restock  items,  monitor  trends  in  popularity,  and  even  check  for  expiration  dates.  icon,  a  clinical  research  organization  for  drug  development  has  collaborated  with  intel  to  extend  its  remote  monitoring  capabilities.  icon  will  be  using  intels  pharma  analytics  platform  to  get  better  insights  regarding  drug  development  and  its  effect  on  patients.  this  cloud  artificial  intelligence  platform  captures  realtime  clinical  data  provided  by  sensors  and  other  wearable  devices.  it  also  uses  a  smartphone  app  to  gather  patient  information.  the  data  gathered  by  this  platform  is  then  stored
__label__productinspection in  the  cloud  and  analyzed  using  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning.  the  wearable  technology  when  coupled  with  ai,  allows  icon  to  measure  the  effect  of  their  therapies  thereby  making  drug  development  easy  and  simple.  intel  pharma  analytics  platform  turns  out  to  be  a  big  game  changer  in  the  field  of  remote  monitoring  by  providing  the  collection  of  data  in  realtime,  eliminating  the  need  to  visit  clinics  and  improving  the  patient  experience.  in  logistics  management,  transit  monitoring  is  one  of  the  most  crucial  as  well  as  the  essential  parts.  a  number  of  technologies  such  as  cloudbased  gps,  gprs,  rfid  tags,  and
__label__productinspection gis  help  to  carry  out  realtime  tracking  of  vehicles  to  detect  maintenance  issues  and  delays  with  the  truck.  this  data  can  be  used  to  carry  out  predictive  maintenance  and  avoid  costly  repairs.  apart  from  this,  video  surveillance  technology  based  on  deep  learning  models  provide  information  about  the  traffic  and  congestion,  which  can  be  used  to  analyze  traffic  patterns  and  plan  routes  smartly  thereby  saving  time  and  fuel.  using  ai,  logistics  companies  are  carrying  out  condition  monitoring  for  trucks  which  require  monitoring  of  parameters  like  temperature,  fuel  level  and  others.  the  data  received  from  temperature  and  humidity  sensors  installed  in  the
__label__productinspection vehicle  is  fed  to  the  ai  model  which  can  detect  anomalies  and  provide  realtime  alerts  to  avoid  any  disaster.  with  the  help  of  smart  sensors,  large  amounts  of  driverspecific  data  like  average  speed,  breaking,  over  speeding,  seatbelt  usage,  and  reckless  turns  are  collected  on  a  daily  basis.  using  machine  learning,  this  data  can  be  used  to  analyze  the  driving  patterns  of  individuals,  provide  proper  coaching  and  reduce  accidents.  even  insurance  companies  are  creating  custom  insurance  plans  based  on  driver  patterns  with  safe  drivers  paying  less  premium  compared  to  reckless  drivers.  carforce  makes  use  of  the  massive  amount  of  data  collected
__label__productinspection by  cars  computers  which  otherwise  just  get  discarded.  the  mission  of  the  company  is  to  analyze  this  untapped  data  and  develop  better  predictive  maintenance  models.  this  connected  car  company  provides  a  small  donglelike  device  which  can  be  installed  in  the  car  to  capture  data  generated  by  sensors.  the  data  from  every  car  is  then  stored  in  the  central  repository  and  used  for  analytics.  if  you  look  at  the  big  data/ai  path,  step  one  is  just  seeing  the  data,  jessika  lora,  the  founder  of  carforce  the  realtime  data  collected  can  be  used  by  car  maintenance  providers  to  predict  the  failure  in
__label__productinspection advance  and  carry  out  maintenance  on  time.  apart  from  this,  the  data  analysis  is  also  beneficial  for  car  manufacturers  to  identify  manufacturing  defects  and  rectify  them.  shell  is  a  leader  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  that  puts  emphasis  on  using  the  internet  of  things  and  ai  to  make  intelligent  business  decisions.  they  use  the  digital  oilfield  solution  which  enables  to  set  up  iot  quickly  in  their  plants  and  carry  out  data  analytics.  the  company  has  reportedly  saved  over  a  million  dollars  by  applying  ai  to  the  data  collected  through  iot  sensors  and  monitoring  pipelines  in  their  nigerian  oil  fields.
__label__productinspection the  iot  sensors  capture  critical  realtime  information  about  various  parameters  such  as  oil  flow,  pressure,  and  temperature.  the  information  collected  is  fed  into  a  smart  manufacturing  system  which  analyzes  these  parameters  and  recommends  the  best  temperature  and  pressure  to  enhance  the  overall  process  and  derive  greater  profitability.  its  really  about  iot  plus  data,  and  bringing  it  to  machine  learning,  to  get  information  and  come  to  decisions.  johan  krebbers,  it  chief  technology  officer  at  shell  the  huge  amount  of  data  collected  by  the  internet  of  things  becomes  meaningful  when  it  is  analyzed  to  unlock  insights.  aipowered  iot  is  slowly  becoming  the
__label__productinspection de  facto  in  this  competitive  age.  in  the  coming  years,  it  would  be  extremely  difficult  to  find  an  iot  solution  which  does  not  make  use  of  the  artificial  intelligence  in  some  or  the  other  way.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection machine  learning  algorithms,  applications,  and  platforms  are  helping  manufacturers  find  new  business  models,  finetune  product  quality,  and  optimize  manufacturing  operations  to  the  shop  floor  level.  manufacturers  care  most  about  finding  new  ways  to  grow,  excel  at  product  quality  while  still  being  able  to  take  on  short  leadtime  production  runs  from  customers.  new  business  models  often  bring  the  paradox  of  new  product  lines  that  strain  existing  erp,  crm  and  plm  systems  by  the  need  always  to  improve  timetocustomer  performance.  new  products  are  proliferating  in  manufacturing  today,  and  delivery  windows  are  tightening.  manufacturers  are  turning  to  machine  learning  to  improve  the  endtoend
__label__productinspection performance  of  their  operations  and  find  a  performancebased  solution  to  this  paradox.  the  ten  ways  machine  learning  is  revolutionizing  manufacturing  in  2018  include  the  following:  26  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  hitachi  120  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  iba  global  employment  institute  80  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  mckinsey  and  company  20  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin,  applied  materials,  applied  global  services  ,  shantanu  rai,  hcl  technologies  36  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  ,  dzone,  ai  zone  48  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  pricewaterhousecoopers  76  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  university  of  cambridge  43  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  youichi  nonaka,  senior  chief  researcher,  hitachi  rd  group  and
__label__productinspection sudhanshu  gaur  director,  global  center  for  social  innovation  hitachi  america  rd  ,  microsoft  azure  .  23  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  2017  honeywell  users  group.  22  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  world  economic  forum  27  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  chetan  gupta,  ph.d.  chief  data  scientist,  big  data  lab,  hitachi  america  ltd.  date:  sept.  19th,  2017  14  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  erik  hjerpe  volvo  car  group  44  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin,  thomas  hill,  ph.d.  exec.  director  analytics,  dell  128  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  royal  society  uk  8  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  deloitte  priore,  p.,  gmez,  a.,  pino,  r.,  rosillo,  r.  2014.  .  ai
__label__productinspection edam  ,  28  1,  8397.  52  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  mckinsey  company  38  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  world  economic  forum  with  a.t.  kearney  52  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  deloitte  university  press  microsoft,by  sanjay  ravi,  managing  director,  worldwide  discrete  manufacturing,  microsoft,  september  25,  2017  13  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  soundar  srinivasan,  bosch  data  mining  solutions  and  services  ,  tibco  community,  january  30,  2018  ,  microsoft,  march  1,  2018.  28  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin  capgemini  consulting  wuest,  t.,  weimer,  d.,  irgens,  c.,  thoben,  k.  d.  2016.  .  production  manufacturing  research  ,  4  1,  2345.  i  am  currently  serving  as  principal,  iqms,  part
__label__productinspection jon  walker  covers  broad  trends  at  the  intersection  of  ai  and  industry  for  emerj.  he  has  reported  on  politics  and  policy  issues  for  news  organizations  including  national  memo,  massroots,  nbc,  and  is  a  published  science  fiction  author.  siemens  click2make,  a  productionasaservice  technology.  by  companies  having  a  full  understanding  of  all  resources  available  and  a  highly  adaptable  robots  the  goal  is  to  eventually  make  manufactures  providing  mass  customization  possible.  ge  fanuc  kuka  concluding  thoughts  on  machine  learning  in  manufacturing  header  image  credit:  discover  the  critical  ai  trends  and  applications  that  separate  winners  from  losers  in  the  future  of  business.  sign  up
__label__productinspection for  the  ai  advantage  newsletter:  machine  learninghas  had  fruitful  applications  in  finance  well  before  the  advent  of  mobile  banking  apps,  proficient  chatbots,  or  search  engines.  given  the  high  volume,  accurate  historical  records,  and  quantitative  nature  of  the  finance  world,  few  industries  are  better  suited  forartificial  intelligence.  there  are  more  uses  cases  of  machine  learning  in  finance  than  ever  before,  a  trend  perpetuated  by  more  accessiblecomputing  power  and  more  accessible  machine  learning  tools  such  as  googles  tensorflow.  moore  stephens  estimated  the  size  of  the  marketing  technology  or  martech  industry  around  24  billion  in  2017.  it  follows  that  ai  would  find  its
__label__productinspection way  into  the  martech  world.  numerous  companies  claiming  to  assist  organizations  in  their  marketing;  we  wrote  a  report  on  marketing  and  ai  detailing  this  connection.  diabetes  is  a  leading  chronic  disease  that  affects  more  than  30  million  people  in  the  united  states.  the  disease  results  from  high  blood  glucose  blood  sugar  due  to  an  inability  to  properly  derive  energy  from  food,  primarily  in  the  form  of  glucose.  insulin  is  a  hormone  that  normally  helps  process  glucose  in  the  body.  however,  in  the  case  of  diabetes,  insulin  is  inadequate  type  2  diabetes  or  obsolete  type  1  diabetes.  typing  what  is  machine
__label__productinspection learning?  into  a  google  search  opens  up  a  pandoras  box  of  forums,  academic  research,  and  heresay  and  the  purpose  of  this  article  is  to  simplify  the  definition  and  understanding  of  machine  learning  thanks  to  the  direct  help  from  our  panel  of  machine  learning  researchers.  in  a  global  market  that  makes  room  for  more  competitors  by  the  day,  some  companies  are  turning  to  ai  and  machine  learning  to  try  to  gain  an  edge.  supply  chain  and  inventory  management  is  a  domain  that  has  missed  some  of  the  media  limelight,  but  one  where  industry  leaders  have  been  hard  at  work  developing  new
__label__productinspection aiand  machine  learning  technologies  over  the  past  decade.  companies  around  the  world  are  making  claims  about  their  supposed  use  of  artificial  intelligence  or  machine  learning  but  which  companies  are  actually  ai  innovators,  and  who  is  bluffing?  weve  distilled  three  simple  rules  of  thumb  for  separating  ai  hype  from  genuine  ai  innovation:  emerj  artificial  intelligence  research  helps  enterprises  and  executives  survive  and  thrive  in  ai  disruption  with  indepth  ai  research,  advisory,  and  insight.  artificial  intelligence  business  trends  and  insights  delivered  every  week:  stay  ahead  of  the  machine  learning  curve  at  emerj,  we  have  the  largest  audience  of  aifocused  business  readers  online
__label__productinspection join  other  industry  leaders  and  receive  our  latest  ai  research,  trends  analysis,  and  interviews  sent  to  your  inbox  weekly.  thanks  for  subscribing  to  the  emerj  ai  advantage  newsletter,  check  your  email  inbox  for  confirmation.
__label__productinspection in  terms  of  digital  technology,  computer  vision  is  as  old  as  the  hills.  in  popular  terms,  its  theory  of  expanded  machine  consciousness  emerged  just  as  bob  dylan  and  the  beatles  took  a  more  experimental  musical  turn.  it  has  its  roots  in  a  1966  summer  holiday  ,  where  university  staff  at  a  looseend  between  semesters,  and  a  full  12  months  before  postwar  social  consciousness  took  the  trip  of  a  lifetime  at  haightashbury  sought  to  attach  a  camera  to  a  computer  in  order  to  have  it  describe  what  it  saw.  computer  vision  is  different  from  digital  image  processing,  as  it  was,  in
__label__productinspection its  desire  to  map  scenes  in  three  dimensions.  it  seeks  to  equip  computers  with  the  ability  to  discern,  recreate,  and  render  landscapes  and  objects  from  all  sides,  with  a  total  depth  of  optical  field,  or  deep  focus.  the  puts  it  simply.  humans  use  their  eyes  and  their  brains  to  see  and  sense  the  world  around  them.  computer  vision  is  the  science  that  aims  to  give  a  similar,  if  not  better,  capability  to  a  machine  or  computer.  seminal  early  studies  developed  algorithms  for  visual  processes  such  as  extracting  edges,  labelling  lines,  and  polyhedral  modelling  from  images  and  video.  these  form  the
__label__productinspection basis  of  computer  vision  today.  but  the  science  has  developed.  in  the  past  few  decades,  more  rigorous  mathematics  and  more  sophisticated  technology  has  seen  the  theory  and  the  practice  move  faster.  algorithms  now  consider  shading,  texture  and  focus  to  create  3d  models;  images  can  be  paired  and  compared,  and  cameras  calibrated,  to  enhance  reconstructions.  more  than  this,  statistical  learning  techniques,  backed  by  the  rise  of  cloud  computing  and  compute  power,  have  brought  new  capabilities,  including  facial  recognition,  behavioural  analysis,  and  new  artificial  intelligence  ad  machine  learning  techniques.  higher  definition  imaging,  from  4k  and  10k  cameras  increasingly  deployed  as  the  default
__label__productinspection resolution  in  smartcity  surveillance,  are  enabling  greater  accuracy.  drones,  or  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs,  are  providing  a  more  expansive,  and  hitherto  unattainable,  field  of  vision.  today,  computer  vision  is  standard  in  a  range  of  fields.  it  underpins  medical  image  processing  in  the  diagnosis  of  patients,  achieved  by  scanning  the  body  for  malign  changes.  it  is  used  by  the  military  to  enemy  soldiers  or  vehicles,  as  well  as  in  adaptive  visionbased  missile  guidance.  computer  vision  is  essential  for  autonomous  vehicles,  too,  including  submersibles,  landbased  robots  and  moonbased  rovers,  uavs,  and  military  vehicles  and  weaponry.  it  is  crucial  for  driverless  cars,  trucks,
__label__productinspection trains,  and  boats,  as  they  are  tested  and  readied  on  starting  grids  during  the  next  decade.  along  with  a  dozen  ultrasonic  sensors,  with  eight  surround  cameras  provide  360  degrees  of  visibility  around  the  car,  at  up  to  250  metres  of  range.  the  point  is  to  teach  cars  to  see,  to  detect  obstacles,  find  lanes,  navigate  journeys,  and  read  traffic  lights  and  road  furniture.  but  computer  vision  has  found  a  particularly  productive  niche  in  industrial  settings.  notably,  analytical  imaging  tools,  in  cameras  attached  to  uavs,  are  being  used  for  faroff  site  inspections  of  rigs,  pipelines,  plants,  and  fields.  more  crucially,  computer
__label__productinspection vision  is  being  used  to  optimise  production  lines,  and  digitise  processes  and  workers.  in  manufacturing,  the  application  of  machine  vision,  which  automates  image  analysis  and  directs  the  robot  workforce  on  the  shop  floor,  is  a  growth  area.  on  the  production  line,  the  most  prominent  use  cases  are  for  inspecting  parts  and  products,  controlling  processes  and  equipment,  and  flagging  events  and  inconsistencies.  in  an  insighful  blog  piece,  devteam.space  presents  of  machine  vision  in  manufacturing.  these  are:  predictive  maintenance,  package  inspection,  reading  barcodes,  product  assembly,  defect  reduction,  3d  inspection,  health  and  safety,  tracking  and  tracing,  text  analysis,  and  deep  learning.  but  as
__label__productinspection a  starter  kit,  the  best  overview  is  from  uk  based  industrial  vision  systems,  which  presents  a  trove  of  detailing  the  impact  of  machine  vision  tools  on  quality,  traceability,  and  downtime,  covering  manufacturing  disciplines  as  diverse  as  vehicles,  injection  moulding,  circuit  boards,  drugs,  medical  devices,  and  food  and  beverages.  it  is  worth  a  visit.  related  related  james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for  over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business
__label__productinspection in  the  we  discussed  various  use  cases  in  which  computer  vision  cv  can  assist  in  industrial  iot  use  cases.  in  this  blog  post,  we  will  discuss  various  techniques  available  to  implement  cv.  we  refer  computer  vision  architecture  to  mean  the  set  of  technologies  employed  to  recognize  an  object  from  an  image.  academics  have  computer  vision  architectures  on  criteria  common  to  evaluating  other  ai  algorithms:  accuracy  are  we  predicting  correctly?,  repeatability,  speed  for  making  a  prediction  and  cost  development,  compute  time.  since  this  blog  is  more  industry  and  cvcentric,  let  us  explore  the  criteria  which  could  be  considered  before  adopting  a
__label__productinspection given  cv  approach.  :  does  the  approach  need  significant  programming  resources?  can  the  industry  with  the  use  case  support  such  expenses?  does  the  programmer  need  to  be  specialized  in  image  processing?  does  the  programmer  need  to  be  specialized  in  developing,  debugging  and  optimizing  deep  learning  techniques?  :  having  subjectmatter  expertise  is  different  than  having  programming  talent.  for  example,  at  oracle,  we  developed  a  prototype  robotcv  application  blog  coming  soon  where  the  robot  picks  up  the  userdesired  wooden  coaster  using  cv.  this  cv  application  had  to  differentiate  between  maple,  butternut,  walnut  and  oak  wood  surfaces.  to  teach  the  cv  application  how
__label__productinspection to  differentiate  different  wood  surfaces,  we  had  to  get  a  deep  understanding  of  wooden  texture  grains  as  well  as  the  surface  contrast  when  burned  with  lasers  etc.  to  develop  techniques  to  uniquely  identify  wood.  similarly,  to  implement  cv  for  inspecting  quality  in  a  manufacturing  plant,  we  will  need  subjectmatter  expertise  to  determine  what  constitutes  a  perfect  product  and  what  types  of  defects  to  track.  :  object  recognition  with  computer  vision  has  to  lead  to  actionable  business  insights.  slick  web  sites  that  recognize  age  and  emotions  do  not  solve  industrial  use  cases.  there  is  a  great  to  showcase  such  websites.  organizations
__label__productinspection use  key  performance  indicators  kpis  to  measure  the  health  of  the  business.  kpis  providing  such  rich  insights  are  built  on  big  data,  data  warehouse,  nosql,  relational  and  other  analytics  platforms.  what  this  means  in  our  case  is  we  need  to  not  metaphorically,  but  literally  run  sql  on  a  video  stream  in  addition,  successful  organizations  take  observations  and  insights  and  create  actions  this  requires  integration  with  back  office  applications.  for  example,  imagine  a  factory  monitoring  system  that  detects  a  machine  when  it  has  stopped  operating  moving.  imagine  how  little  value  the  insight  would  be  if  all  it  reported  was  image  detected
__label__productinspection lack  of  machine  motion.  what  the  system  needs  to  do  is  automatically  create  a  work  ticket  with  the  backoffice  maintenance  application.  the  work  ticket  should  include  the  machine  name,  the  location  of  the  site,  the  shift  schedule,  and  the  product  lines  that  the  machine  was  manufacturing.  send  control  data  get  the  contextual  information  :  given  the  nature  of  objects  that  enterprises  like  to  track  for  their  use  case,  which  approach  promotes  the  best  reuse  of  insights?  this  is  not  an  easy  criterion  to  validate.  as  we  shall  discuss,  a  single  architecture  that  promotes  the  ability  to  recognize  any  attribute  of
__label__productinspection any  object  does  not  usually  deliver  high  accuracy  in  its  predictions.  conversely,  architectures  that  provide  high  accuracy  are  typically  specialpurpose  built  expensive.  in  our  survey  of  commerciallyavailable  approaches,  there  are  four  different  architectures  to  address  cvbased  opportunities  in  the  industry:  :  these  are  libraries  used  by  programmers  to  develop  applications  for  computer  vision.  the  classicalapproach  of  functions  forms  theimplementationbase  of  all  stateoftheartimage  processing  applications  in  the  market  i.e.  in  camera  software,  image  manipulation  applicationssuch  as  photoshop,  ,  etc..  the  classical  approach  provides  imageprocessing  libraries  to  look  for  a  known  set  of  conditions.  typically  used  in  industrial  settings  where  the  lighting,
__label__productinspection the  location  and  the  position  of  the  object  is  well  known,  such  machine  vision  systems  are  used  for  quality  control  where  they  are  looking  for  a  predefined  set  of  features.  most  of  those  algorithms  are  very  mature  and  well  understood  due  to  the  long  history  in  research  and  practical  use.  neweralgorithms  even  target  more  sophisticated  problems  such  as  region  or  image  matching.  with  the  growing  demand  for  more  flexible  image  recognition  and  availability  of  sufficient  compute  power,  a  new  field  of  computer  vision  capabilities  evolved  from  ai/ml  approaches.  the  most  prominent  example  nowadays  is  of  .  ai/mlbased  computer  vision  create
__label__productinspection train  the  model  by  using  reference  images.  once  the  model  is  available,  it  can  then  be  used  to  infer  score  new  images  for  known  objects.  for  example,  in  face  recognition,  this  approach  provides  high  accuracy  rates  which  are  hardly  achievable  using  the  classical  approach.  most  modern  libraries  now  use  ai  and  deeplearning  algorithms  such  as  cnn,  ,  ,  ,  ,  among  others.  it  is  outside  the  scope  of  this  blog  to  discuss  the  details  of  these  algorithms  after  all,  we  are  trying  to  make  the  point  that  computer  vision  is  easy,  right?  to  use  an  aibased  approach,  we  first  need
__label__productinspection to  extract  the  distinguishing  features  from  the  image,  which  could  be  different  from  object  to  object.  this  could  mean  the  outline  of  the  image,  but  it  could  also  mean,  for  example,  extracting  the  change  of  contrast  which  makes  a  given  texture  unique  see  our  implementation  for  detection  type  of  wood.  this  is  done  by  image  processing  functions  is  the  most  popular  library  for  such  purpose.  while  packages  such  as  tensor  flow  and  opencv  are  supported  by  vibrant  and  large  communities  of  developers,  the  fact  remains  that  we  need  to  understand  neural  networks  and  image  processing  to  extract  features  to  build
__label__productinspection any  meaningful  model  to  do  object  recognition  and  classification.  this  approach  may  not  scale  to  industrial  environments  with  limited  budgets  and  programming  talent.  :  cameras  do  not  only  capture  what  the  human  naked  eye  can  see.  multispectral,  specializedimaging  cameras  are  designed  to  see  heat,  poisonous  gases,  leaks,  and  motions.  such  cameras,  such  as  ones  from  flir  and  oracle  partner,  are  useful  for  industrial  safety  uses,  particularly  since  they  make  catchall  observations.  for  example,  in  one  datacenter,  our  customer  preferred  heatmonitoring  cameras  since  they  could  identify  localized  hotspots  between  racks  that  the  temperature  sensors  installed  on  the  walls  and  roof  could
__label__productinspection not  monitor.  of  particular  relevance  to  our  survey  are  industrialgrade  cameras  built  by  .  using  advanced  processing  in  multispectral  imagery,  flir  cameras  capture  images  that  track  heat,  poisonous  gases,  proximity,  etc.  flir  cameras  integrate  with  oracle  iot  applications.  what  that  means  is  that  we  can  automatically  capture  events  from  flir  and  trigger  remediation  actions.  in  addition,  many  industrial  cameras  perform  customized  image  checks  such  as  checking  for  scratches  on  the  surface  of  a  product  or  validating  if  a  bottle  has  been  filled  to  the  correct  level  down  to  the  millimeter.  such  systems  are  extremely  useful  when  we  need  to  make
__label__productinspection exact  inferences  for  example,  if  the  bottle  in  the  bottling  plan  has  been  filled  to  the  right  level,  and  if  the  bottle  label  has  been  applied  at  the  correct  position.  these  systems  usually  require  custom  development  even  if  it  is  appbased  configuration,  the  developer  needs  deep  expertise  in  image  manipulation  concepts.  because  they  are  deployed  in  industrial  settings  running  very  fast  production  lines,  such  systems  typically  make  submillisecond  and  realtime  inferences.  :  on  one  side  we  had  generalpurpose  libraries  such  as  tensorflow  with  which  we  could  build  cv  systems  to  monitor  at  scale.  this  requires  a  large  army  of  very
__label__productinspection talented  programmers  to  develop  deeplearning  models.  on  the  other  side,  we  have  seen  specialpurpose  imaging  systems  that  either  do  not  scale,  are  not  designed  with  the  network  affect  in  mind,  or  are  restrictive  when  it  comes  to  using  the  same  tool  for  monitoring  multiple  events  or  objects.  in  recent  years,  we  have  seen  generalpurpose  tools  that  do  objectdetection  and  recognition  with  deep  learning  algorithms  without  the  need  to  code.  such  tools  provide  a  photoshoplike  experience  to  train  the  models,  and  given  an  image  or  a  video  feed,  they  return  a  structured  data  set  like  a  json  object  to  the  application
__label__productinspection with  all  the  objects  that  they  recognized  for  further  processing.  most  of  these  tools  are  developed  on  an  ensemble  of  deep  learning  algorithms  and  do  a  good  job  when  we  have  large  datasets  for  training  the  model,  such  as  ones  from  imagenet.  some  expect  that  such  tools  can  use  the  same  algorithms  to  do  object  detection  and  recognition  for  different  types  of  verticals,  with  different  type  of  objects,  and  different  object  attributes.  for  example,  we  can  use  the  same  ensemble  of  algorithms  to  tell  if  an  intruder  exists,  if  correct  wood  was  used  on  a  manufacturing  line,  and  if  the
__label__productinspection robot  filled  the  bottle  till  the  correct  level.  such  an  assumption  is  yet  to  be  validated.  however,  such  tools  have  proven  to  be  successful  for  use  cases  such  as  surveillance,  worker  safety  where  we  need  a  catchall  system  for  monitoring  people  a  generic  method  to  do  people  detection  and  recognition  is  a  relatively  solved  task  in  computer  vision.  at  oracle,  we  partnered  with  for  such  cases.  matroid  has  existing  models  for  recognizing  a  .  when  none  such  models  exist,  creating  new  models  to  recognize  objects  is  as  simple  as  uploading  images  for  training  data  more  details  later  in  our  implementation
__label__productinspection section  :  we  have  also  seen  the  rise  of  cloudbased  software  businessspecific  applications  that  use  computer  vision.  the  cloudbased  services  use  the  cloud  infrastructure  to  do  computeheavy  training,  and  they  use  onpremise  gateway  devices  to  do  inferences  or  image  recognition  in  real  time.  these  business  applications  may  provide  the  right  balance  for  those  who  require  a  nocode  development  experience  for  generating  cv  models,  and  yet  want  their  models  to  have  high  accuracy.  such  applications  have  tuned  their  algorithms  for  their  specific  data  sets,  whether  that  be  surgical  devices,  or  fruits.  one  good  example  of  a  successful  application  that  uses  computer
__label__productinspection vision  is  .  agridata  uses  cv  to  look  at  high  value  crops  such  as  fruits  and  grapes  and  predicts  how  much  crop  the  farm  will  yield  in  a  few  months,  reducing  risk  for  farmer  contracts.  integrating  agridata  with  oracle  iot  applications,  farmers  can  enter  into  options  contracts  with  better  confidence.  since  agridata  focusses  exclusively  on  measuring  yield  on  specific  ,  highvalue  crops,  their  models  are  more  accurate,  and  their  solutions  can  be  deployed  on  farms  without  requiring  a  complex  coding.  :  this  blog  represents  the  collective  engineering  and  research  done  by  this  team:  ankit  khandelwal,  alex  burdukov,  alex  zuev,  chiranjeevi
__label__productinspection working  in  an  industrial  environment  has  always  been  dangerous,  and  plant  managers  strive  to  find  the  best  solutions  to  minimize  casualties.  the  aim  is  to  reduce  the  hazard,  manage  risks  and  prevent  accidents.  the  relevant  legislation  enforces  numerous  rules  and  regulations,  yet  most  of  these  are  derived  from  past  faults  and  are  not  effective  enough  to  avoid  future  misfortunes.  using  iot  sensors  can  feed  the  algorithm  with  realtime  data  and  allow  it  to  make  decisions  on  the  spot.  for  example,  if  sensors  detect  a  gas  leakage,  increased  temperatures  or  unwanted  humidity,  work  can  stop  at  once  or  at  the  very
__label__productinspection least  inform  the  floor  manager.  these  type  of  decisions  are  deterministic  and  dont  provide  much  insight  into  the  future.  another  way  of  creating  a  safer  environment  is  to  use  the  power  of  computers  and  machine  learning.  by  creating  different  scenarios,  the  algorithm  can  sense  the  difference  between  what  is  safe  and  what  is  not.  the  advancements  of  machine  vision  mean  that  now  algorithms  can  identify  objects,  edges,  and  velocity.  together  with  the  improvement  of  processing  power  gpus,  sensors  and  independent  carry  systems  like  robots  and  drones,  we  now  have  all  the  necessary  ingredients  to  create  stateoftheart  safety  routines  which  are
__label__productinspection fully  automatized  and  better  than  their  human  counterparts.  computer  vision  strives  to  replicate  the  human  eyes  effectively,  together  with  the  brains  ability  to  tell  the  difference  between  different  objects  or  situations.  using  this  in  an  industrial  setting  should  result  in  fewer  accidents  and  prevention  instead  of  correction.  ,  a  dedicated  web  resource,  defines  a  list  of  topics  as  part  of  industrial  safety.  we  will  discuss  the  possible  solutions  offered  by  computer  vision  for  each  of  them.  most  production  facilities  already  have  a  cctv  system  installed  on  the  premises.  a  computer  vision  algorithm  could  use  this  live  feed  to  detect  abnormalities.
__label__productinspection for  example,  in  specific  areas  where  no  workers  are  allowed  due  to  moving  parts  or  other  hazards.  if  such  a  situation  is  detected  via  live  footage,  the  whole  process  can  be  stopped.  machine  vision  can  control  various  or  different  devices,  automating  production  processes.  this  increases  efficiency  and  makes  the  workplace  safer  as  it  removes  the  need  for  people  to  be  in  dangerous  areas.  for  example,  by  using  barcodes,  products  can  be  classified  or  packaged  according  to  their  final  destination  without  the  need  of  a  human  operator.  automatic  scanners  can  be  installed  on  production  lines.  these  can  identify  any  flaws  in
__label__productinspection the  raw  materials  used  like  scratches,  uneven  paint  coats  or  even  small  defects  that  escape  the  naked  eye  but  could  be  disastrous  to  a  final  product.  even  more,  iot  devices  can  do  this  at  a  speed  which  is  impossible  for  manual  quality  controllers.  described  how  multiobject  detection  could  make  this  process  accurate  and  fast  for  different  parts  of  the  same  object.  heat  and  smoke  sensors  are  already  part  of  standard  safety  equipment  in  all  industrial  environments.  these  could  be  supplemented  with  preventive  measures  like  infrared  cameras.  for  example,  if  a  device  overheats  and  starts  a  fire,  it  can  be  seen
__label__productinspection on  an  infrared  camera  and  stopped  before  it  becomes  a  hazard.  using  iot  sensors  is  a  cheap  and  effective  way  to  ensure  that  all  electric  circuits  are  functioning  correctly.  these  can  collect  data  about  tension,  voltage,  the  joule  effect  and  prevent  overcharging,  power  outages  or  even  fires  caused  by  shortcircuits.  computer  vision  can  process  a  wide  range  of  different  signals  coming  from  electric  circuits  and  detect  abnormal  activity.  highresolution  sensors  mounted  on  drones  or  other  types  of  autonomous  vehicles  can  scan  the  perimeter  and  detect  any  structural  changes.  this  aspect  is  more  important  in  highstress  environments  like  coal  mines,  salt
__label__productinspection mines  or  oil  exploitation  sites  where  any  sudden  change  could  result  in  loss  of  life  or  environmental  hazards.  the  environment  is  segmented,  and  each  part  is  compared  with  a  predefined  good  model.  by  identifying  the  differences,  the  computer  can  help  asses  if  there  is  a  real  danger.  smart  sensor  systems  are  already  in  place  in  some  areas,  like  china,  where  the  systems  for  general  security.  this  idea  can  be  replicated  in  production  plants  to  remove  the  need  for  access  badges.  biometric  measures  have  an  increased  precision  compared  to  traditional  access  cards  or  keys.  this  solution  works  best  if  data  is
__label__productinspection processed  on  the  spot.  of  course,  such  an  endeavor  comes  with  significant  problems.  first  of  all,  sensors  need  to  be  in  top  shape  and  compatible  both  with  each  other  and  the  entire  system.  the  work  to  install,  connect  and  calibrate  them  continuously  for  a  smooth  operation  should  not  be  neglected.  next,  the  amount  of  data  sent  over  the  processing  unit  is  enormous,  which  means  that  the  system  should  be  ready  for  the  network  traffic  or  to  find  ways  of  processing  some  of  the  information  locally  and  only  send  results  for  further  analysis.  finally,  there  could  be  slight  differences  between  the
__label__productinspection stored  image  and  the  reality.  the  degree  of  tolerance  of  the  system  should  be  set  low  enough  to  classify  the  object  correctly  and  high  enough  to  make  the  difference  between  an  acceptable  and  a  dangerous  situation.  right  now,  computer  vision  algorithms  are  mostly  deterministic  and  limited,  yet  widely  useful.  just  imagine  the  advancements  machine  learning  will  bring.  it  will  tell  the  system  what  to  look  for,  and  it  will  make  it  learn  from  past  experiences,  much  like  a  qa  engineer  does  at  work.  after  the  initial  training  phase  and  the  onsite  calibration,  it  will  be  able  to  offer  additional  features
__label__productinspection topics  quality  requirements  for  manufacturers  are  increasing  to  meet  customer  demands.  manual  inspection  is  usually  required  to  guarantee  product  quality,  but  this  requires  significant  cost  and  can  result  in  production  bottlenecks,  lowered  productivity,  and  reduced  efficiency.  defect  inspection  for  industrial  applications  has  unique  characteristics  and  challenges  compared  to  other  computer  vision  problems  for  consumer  applications:  the  unet  approach  detailed  in  this  blog  avoids  laborintensive  and  potentially  fragile  feature  engineering  and  instead  allows  datadriven  models  to  automatically  learn  robust  feature  representations  to  generate  stateoftheart  detection  and  segmentation  results  improved  implementation  with  extensive  experiments  were  performed  and  published  at  .  with  increasing
__label__productinspection global  competition,  manufacturers  are  seeking  to  develop  smart  factory  strategies  that  utilize  advanced  information  technology  it  and  operational  technology  ot  to  facilitate  and  automate  their  manufacturing  processes.  to  achieve  this  goal,  manufacturing  systems  are  often  required  to  automatically  see  and  understand  the  world.  optical  quality  inspection  remains  one  of  the  common  methods  to  ensure  quality  control  for  highprecision  manufacturing.  however,  this  step  remains  a  bottleneck  to  full  automation  and  integration.  the  quality  checks  may  include  a  series  of  manual  operations  including  visual  confirmation  to  make  sure  components  are  the  right  color,  shape,  texture,  and  position  which  are  very  challenging  due
__label__productinspection to  wide  product  variations.  quality  inspectors  must  constantly  adapt  to  different  quality  requirements  for  different  products,  which  often  leads  to  inaccuracy  and  a  lack  of  consistent  quality.  with  ever  increasing  production  volumes,  quality  inspectors  often  suffer  from  eye  fatigue  and  other  health  issues  caused  by  repetitive  product  inspection  over  long  hours,  allowing  more  defective  parts  to  pass,  failing  parts  that  should  be  passed.  human  inspection  is  constrained  by  increasing  cost,  training  time,  and  limited  resources,  making  it  a  challenging  solution  to  scale.  automating  defect  inspection  with  ai  is  beginning  to  revolutionize  manufacturing.  traditional  computer  vision  methods  that  are  typically  used
__label__productinspection in  production  automated  optical  inspection  aoi  machines  require  intensive  human  and  capital  involvement.  defects  can  be  visually  distinctive  or  subtle.  this  makes  it  very  challenging  to  robustly  detect  all  defects  in  various  environments  such  as  lighting  conditions,  surface  textures.  common  type  of  industrial  defects  are  local  anomalies  on  homogeneous  surfaces.  prior  approaches  to  automate  the  detection  and  classification  of  these  anomalies  can  be  divided  into  four  categories:  most  of  these  traditional  approaches  were  designed  with  handcrafted  features,  making  them  application  dependent  and  not  able  to  generalize  or  scale  out  to  new  applications.  these  traditional  approaches  also  typically  suffered  from  poor
__label__productinspection flexibility  and  often  required  expensive  and  timeconsuming  manual  feature  engineering  by  domain  experts.  in  a  production  case  at  nvidia,  a  traditional  aoi  machine  in  pcba  manufacturing  produced  high  false  positives  failing  pcbs  with  low  precision.  for  industrial  applications,  the  cost  of  false  positives  and  low  precision  can  be  extremely  high.  the  tradeoff  between  low  false  positives  and  high  precision  makes  traditional  cv  algorithm  very  challenging,  thus  ending  with  high  false  positives.  deep  learning  automatically  finds  the  best  decision  boundary  to  strike  a  balance  between  false  positives  and  precision,  which  can  be  of  tremendous  value.  deep  learning,  especially  cnns  have  proven
__label__productinspection to  be  very  effective  for  image  detection  and  classification,  and  are  now  being  adopted  to  solve  industrial  inspection  tasks.  the  nvidia  dl  platform,  in  figure  1,has  been  successfully  applied  to  detection  and  segment  defects  in  an  endtoend  fashion  for  fast  development  of  automatic  industrial  inspection.  all  processes  are  built  on  top  of  optimized  docker  images  for  fast  iterations.  one  popular  and  effective  neural  network  architecture  originally  proposed  for  biomedical  image  segmentation  is  the  unet  architecture,  which  is  composed  of  encoders,  decoders  and  skipconnection  layers.  particularly,  the  unet  architecture  and  the  dataset  figure  2  was  used  for  this  demonstration.  to  deal
__label__productinspection with  scarcity  of  true  defect  data,  all  six  defect  classes  of  dagm  dataset  are  unified  and  treated  as  a  single  class.  this  combined  training  set  is  used  to  demonstrate  the  generalization  capability  of  unet.  we  built  a  single  unet  model  that  is  able  to  segment  all  defect  classes.  this  kind  of  process  is  common  in  defect  inspection  in  real  production.  to  prevent  overfitting  on  a  small  dagm  dataset,  we  use  the  same  architecture  as  unet,  and  experiment  with  the  number  of  kernels  to  make  the  model  fit  into  our  dataset.  the  first  step  was  to  fit  the  dataset  with  unet
__label__productinspection model,  i.e.,  eight  kernel  numbers  in  the  first  layer,  then  doubling  the  kernel  number  in  the  following  hierarchy  of  layers.  then  we  observed  the  loss  from  the  training  learning  curve  and  decided  whether  to  increase  further  the  model  complexity.  this  step  was  to  make  sure  that  we  had  a  model  with  enough  capacity  to  recognize  all  defects.  once  we  gained  the  confidence  that  the  model  was  complex  enough  to  fit  the  dataset,  we  then  added  regularization  techniques,  such  as  drop  out  layers,  l1  or  l2  regularization,  or  even  attempting  to  augment  the  dataset.  the  modified  unet  was  trained  with  binary
__label__productinspection cross  entropy  and  adam  optimizer  with  a  learning  rate  starting  with  1e3.  in  cases  where  there  was  a  shortage  of  labeled  data  and  fast  performance  was  needed,  we  showed  unet  was  successful  at  generalizing  performance  with  regularization  techniques  and  is  a  suitable  model  for  defect  segmentation  for  industrial  inspection.  in  a  segmentation  model,  like  unet,  the  output  is  a  set  of  probabilities.  by  thresholding  these  probabilities  for  each  pixel,  defect  class  is  assigned  for  each  pixel  and  precision  and  recall  for  the  dataset  is  determined.  determining  the  right  threshold  to  bias  towards  precision  or  recall  is  entirely  application  dependent.  in
__label__productinspection production  cases,  defects  are  much  smaller,  typically  in  the  tens  to  hundreds  of  defect  parts  per  million  dppm  range.  in  this  very  skewed  dataset,  the  precisionrecall  value  is  highly  sensitive  to  the  threshold  value.  this  requires  sweep  experiments  of  precision  and  recall  on  the  threshold  of  probability.  if  reducing  false  positives  increasing  precision  is  more  important,  the  threshold  on  probability  should  be  increased  while  balancing  precisionrecall  tradeoff.  the  learned  internal  representations  by  unet,  allow  decision  boundaries  to  be  defined  that  have  been  shown  to  drastically  reduce  the  tradeoff  between  increasing  sensitivity  to  true  positives  while  significantly  reducing  the  rate  of
__label__productinspection false  positives.  for  industrial  applications  where  the  cost  of  false  positives  can  be  extremely  high,  this  can  be  a  source  of  tremendous  value.  having  a  domainexpert  tunable  threshold  value  is  also  desirable  to  industrial  inspection,  leading  to  interpretable  ai  and  avoiding  mere  inputoutput  blackbox  relationship  from  dl.  this  twostep  process  with  tunable  thresholding  after  dl  can  be  applied  to  many  use  cases,  including  medical  imaging,  video  surveillance,  and  autonomous  machines.  the  first  step  uses  unet  to  extract  information  from  the  input,  then  the  second  step  makes  the  final  decision  according  to  information  from  the  previous  step.  to  ensure  fast  deployment
__label__productinspection of  dl  training  and  inferencing,  ngc  was  used  for  volta  and  turing  gpu  optimized  tensorflow  tf  and  docker  containers,  and  for  edgebased  solutions  jetson  agx  xavier  and  nano.  application  software  engineers  or  advanced  users  who  are  comfortable  with  the  additional  steps  required  to  take  a  dl  model  into  an  environment  which  might  not  have  tensorflow  framework,  are  encouraged  to  use  native  trt  for  maximum  performance.  we  used  tensorrt  ngc  container  for  our  experiments.  data  scientists  or  users  for  rapid  prototyping  should  run  optimized  accelerated  inference  without  leaving  tf  framework.  we  use  tftrt  inferencing  based  on  trtintegrated  tensorflow  ngc  container.  the
__label__productinspection tradeoff  for  tftrt  versus  trt  is  that  tftrt  is  easy  to  use  and  integrates  with  tensorflow  workflows  for  fast  prototyping.  once  an  idea  is  verified  to  work  with  tftrt,  trt  can  be  used  for  maximum  performance.  implementation  details  nvidia  provides  and  supports  an  official  implementation  on  .  this  implementation  proposes  architectural  optimizations  to  improve  on  the  model  throughput  and  model  convergence  such  as  a  modified  loss  function  called  adaptive  loss  and  the  use  of  automatic  mixed  precision  to  leverage  nvidia  tensor  cores  capability  available  in  the  latest  nvidia  gpus  and  maximize  model  performance  in  and  .  unet  was  utilized  to
__label__productinspection build  an  endtoend  generic  defect  inspection  model  on  a  public  dataset,  using  the  nvidia  dl  platform  for  endtoend  training  and  inference.  a  recall  rate  of  96.38  and  a  99.25  precision  rate  with  a  0.11  falsealarm  rate  were  achieved.  on  v100  gpus  and  tensorrt  4,  from  a  tensorflow  container  with  the  nvidia  tensorrt  engine  integrated,  inference  throughput  increased  by  a  factor  of  2.1.  with  an  optimized  trt  container  using  the  ngc,  inference  throughput  was  further  improved  by  a  factor  of  8.6  compared  to  native  tf.  for  energy  efficient  and  small  form  factor  inference  deployment,  t4  gpus  and  tensorrt  5  was  used.
__label__productinspection compared  to  cpubased  inference  performance,  there  is  a  performance  boost  of  11.9  times  with  tftrt  and  23.5  times  with  int8  precision  of  trt5  by  nvidia  turing  tensor  cores.  the  t4  gpu  is  packaged  with  an  energyefficient  70watt,  small  pcie  form  factor,  optimized  for  scaleout  servers  and  purpose  built  to  deliver  stateoftheart  ai.  for  edgebased,  embedded,  and  remote  offline  applications  we  took  the  same  code  and  targeted  the  of  embedded  gpus.  jetson  nano  platform  throughput  is  18  fps  and  jetson  agx  xavier  platform  throughput  is  228.1  fps  a  performance  boost  of  12.7  times  that  of  the  jetson  nano  platform.  these  results
__label__productinspection were  obtained  using  native  trt.  with  native  trt,  a  dl  framework  like  tensorflow  does  not  need  to  be  installed  on  edge  devices.  this  is  important  for  them  since  system  power,  system  size,  compute  power  and  disk  storage  are  limited.  furthermore,  with  automatic  mixed  precision  amp,  dnn  graph  optimization  on  fp16  and  fp32  on  tensor  cores  on  volta  and  turing  gpus  is  fully  automatic,  easy  to  use,  with  great  performance.  with  amp,  unet  performance  was  further  boosted  by  17  for  training  and  30  for  testing.  about  peter  pyun  about  andrew  liu  about  charles  cheung  about  barrie  mullins  about  robert  sohigian
__label__productinspection comprehensive  portfolio  of  supercomputing,  storage  and  data  analytics  products  designed  for  the  worlds  most  complex  science,  engineering  and  analysis  challenges.  cray  supercomputing  solutions  enable  tremendous  scientific  achievement  across  a  range  of  industries,  applications  and  budgets  meet  the  company  that  has  been  leading  the  way  in  supercomputing  for  over  40  years  outstanding  aftermarket  support  includes  highly  skilled  and  comprehensive  service  teams,  subject  matter  experts  and  thirdparty  technology  partners  headquartered  in  seattle,  washington,  cray  employs  over  1,000  people  worldwide  with  additional  research  and  manufacturing  facilities  in  minnesota,  texas  and  wisconsin  and  many  sales  and  service  locations  around  the  world.  by  artificial  intelligence
__label__productinspection ai  is  finding  its  way  into  use  cases  from  marketing  to  manufacturing.  it  leaves  no  doubt  that  we  are  in  the  early  stages  of  the  next  industrial  revolution.  given  this  reality,  if  you  havent  already  started  to  craft  an  ai  strategy,  you  will  need  to  soon.  but  the  good  news  is  youre  not  falling  behind  yet.  most  organizations  are  just  beginning  their  ai  journey.  that  said,  dont  wait.  you  need  to  craft  a  robust  data  strategy  that  leverages  ai  architectures  to  drive  innovation  across  all  business  units.  at  weve  seen  an  increased  demand  for  our  data  strategy,  scientific  advisory,  and
__label__productinspection ai  development  and  deployment  services.  in  the  manufacturing  industry,  we  work  with  our  clients  to  drive  operational  costs  lower  through  enhancements  in  production  line  efficiency.  we  do  this  by  reducing  the  prevalence  of  defects  and  anomalies  as  far  upstream  in  the  production  process  as  possible,  cutting  waste  and  scrap  material  generation,  optimizing  product  distribution,  and  associated  logistics.  learn  more  about  how  to  leverage  ai  workflows  to  transform  quality  control  qc  processes  for  manufacturing  production  lines  in  our  joint  webinar  with  cray  with  the  advances  being  made  through  the  internet  of  things  iot,  we  now  have  a  fantastic  opportunity  to  ingest
__label__productinspection these  varied  data  streams  and  unlock  unrealized  insights.  the  natural  evolution  of  these  iot  systems  is  building  out  an  aipowered  analytics  of  things  aot  architecture.  integrating  ai  into  enterprise  operations  is  no  longer  a  moonshot  initiative  thanks  to  the  rise  of  nvidia  gpudriven  supercomputer  architectures  like  the  cray  csstorm  accelerated  cluster  supercomputer.  leveraging  these  architectures  has  made  adoption  of  machine  learning  ml  and  deep  learning  dl  workflows  very  much  a  reality,  both  from  a  cost  standpoint  as  well  as  a  time  standpoint.  developing  and  training  ai  algorithms  no  longer  takes  years.  in  some  cases,  it  can  be  accomplished  in  just
__label__productinspection weeks,  even  days.  implementing  a  productionready  image  classification  workflow  tasked  for  identification  and  sorting  to  automate  the  anomaly  and  defect  detection  in  the  qc  process  becomes  a  viable  use  case  in  todays  emerging  technology  market  and  one  that  sfl  scientific  has  delivered  many  times  over.  in  our  webinar,  youll  get  a  deeper  understanding  of  ai  and  how  you  can  apply  it  to  the  automation  of  defect  and  anomaly  detection  in  manufacturing.  also,  well  discuss  how  to  take  a  programmatic  approach  when  building  out  largescale  data  pipelines  and  how  to  design  and  implement  these  architectures  using  onpremises  scaleout  platform  architectures  based
__label__productinspection on  the  cray  supercomputing  system.  sign  up  for  the  ondemand  webinar  here.  sfl  scientific  is  an  awardwinning  artificial  intelligence  firm  based  in  boston,  ma.  focused  on  helping  clients  digitally  transform  and  innovate  by  leveraging  their  data.  we  provided  specialized  consulting  services  in  data  strategy,  scientific  advisory  as  well  as  full  lifecycle  development  of  end  to  end  ai  architectures.  topic:  revolutionizing  manufacturing  quality  control  with  ai  when:  on  demand  where:  paul  briggs  is  the  vice  president  of  sfl  scientific,  an  artificial  intelligence  evangelist,  and  thought  leader  for  the  adoption  of  ai  for  business  optimization.  paul  has  over  20  years  of  experience
__label__productinspection advanced  a  faster  and  accurate  video  analytics  solution  creating  safer,  smarter  communities  and  cities  numix  offers  a  comprehensive,  wide  range  of  advanced  video  analytics  solutions  that  use  image  processing,  and  ocr  technologies  along  with  artificial  intelligence  ai,  machine  learning  ml  algorithms  and  other  advanced  sensor  technologies.  numix  provides  an  easy  and  flexible  api  integration,  development,  onboarding  and  delivery  of  costeffective  solutions.  it  aims  to  help  build  safer  and  smarter  communities  and  cities,  worldwide.  numix  solutions  are  used  across  industries  rangi  from  highways  and  transportation  to  traffic  management  and  manufacturing.  these  solutions  help  in  having  a  smarter  automation  processes  bringing  efficiency
__label__productinspection apart  from  providing  strong  security  and  safety  features  for  commercial  businesses,  governments,  cities  and  global  audience.  deploying  a  reliable,  strong  and  secure  numix  suite  solution  offers  numerous  benefits:  numix  solutions  are  widely  used  across  various  industries,  bringing  efficacy  and  creating  a  positive  impact  for  businesses,  governments  and  citizens.  innominds  is  a  dedicated  product  incubator  for  technology  industry  clients  seeking  help  with  design,  technology  and  engineering  solutions  across  all  stages  of  their  product  life  cycle.  innominds  has  helped  launch  several  products  in  the  last  5  years  alone.  explore  featured  case  studies  from  our  expansive  portfolio  of  products  and  solutions.  we  would
__label__productinspection collection  no  2  carlos  elenalenz  creating  internet  of  things  products  can  place  businesses  and  their  product  teams  in  an  uncomfortable  place  by  pushing  them  outside  of  their  comfort  zone.  in  the  third  installment  of  our  internet  of  things  series,  we  will  explore  six  design  characteristics  to  help  guide  iot  product  teams  as  they  set  forth  into  uncharted  territory.  the  internet  of  things  is  a  doubleedged  sword  for  designers  of  all  stripes  because  things,  or  endpoints,  can  take  on  a  myriad  of  form  factors.  the  variability  is  a  blessing  and  curse.  with  a  field  of  wide  open  choices,  how  do  you
__label__productinspection decide  where  to  focus?  i  have  found  myself  at  this  crossroads  of  enthusiasm  and  practicality  working  with  multidisciplinary  teams  on  iot  products.  while  working  on  these  projects,  six  key  characteristics  surfaced  that  make  products  inherently  iot.  each  characteristic  encompasses  of  a  set  of  capabilities  that  can  be  dialed  up  or  down  depending  on  tradeoffs  and  decisions  made  in  your  design.  together  algorithms  and  compute  i.e.  software  hardware  provide  the  intelligent  spark  that  makes  a  product  experience  smart.  consider  misfit  shine,  a  fitness  tracker,  compared  to  nests  intelligent  thermostat.  the  shine  experience  distributes  compute  tasks  between  a  smartphone  and  the  cloud.
__label__productinspection the  nest  thermostat  has  more  compute  horsepower  for  the  ai  that  make  them  smart.  connectivity  in  the  iot  is  more  than  slapping  on  a  wifi  module  and  calling  it  a  day.  connectivity  enables  network  accessibility  and  compatibility.  accessibility  is  getting  on  a  network  while  compatibility  provides  the  common  ability  to  consume  and  produce  data.  if  this  sounds  familiar,  thats  because  it  is  metcalfes  law  and  it  rings  true  for  iot.  we  tend  to  take  for  granted  our  senses  and  ability  to  understand  the  physical  world  and  people  around  us.  sensing  technologies  provide  us  with  the  means  to  create  experiences  that
__label__productinspection reflect  a  true  awareness  of  the  physical  world  and  the  people  in  it.  this  is  simply  the  analog  input  from  the  physical  world,  but  it  can  provide  rich  understanding  of  our  complex  world.  expressing  enables  interactivity  with  people  and  the  physical  world.  whether  it  is  a  smart  home  or  a  farm  with  smart  agriculture  technology,  expressing  provides  us  with  a  means  to  create  products  that  interact  intelligently  with  the  real  world.  this  means  more  than  just  rendering  beautiful  uis  to  a  screen.  expressing  allows  us  to  output  into  the  real  world  and  directly  interact  with  people  and  the  environment.  without
__label__productinspection energy  we  cant  bring  our  creations  to  life.  the  problem  is  we  cant  create  billions  of  things  that  all  run  on  batteries.  energy  harvesting,  power  efficiency,  and  charging  infrastructure  are  necessary  parts  a  power  intelligent  ecosystem  that  we  must  design.  today,  it  is  woefully  inadequate  and  lacks  the  focus  of  many  product  teams.  as  we  gain  efficiencies,  novel  experiences,  and  other  benefits  from  the  iot,  we  must  not  forget  about  safety.  as  both  the  creators  and  recipients  of  the  iot,  we  must  design  for  safety.  this  includes  the  safety  of  our  personal  data  and  the  safety  of  our  physical  wellbeing.
__label__productinspection securing  the  endpoints,  the  networks,  and  the  data  moving  across  all  of  it  means  creating  a  security  paradigm  that  will  scale.  by  framing  iot  design  with  these  characteristics,  multidiscipline  teams  can  work  across  their  domains  to  make  tradeoffs  in  interaction  design,  software  architectures,  and  business  models.  naturally  a  single  product  or  service  may  choose  to  dial  up  or  dial  down  these  characteristics  depending  on  the  nature  of  user  experience  and  constraints  imposed  by  environmental  and  business  factors.  thank  you.  you  are  now  subscribed  to  designmind.  carlos  was  a  principal  technology  strategist  in  frogs  san  francisco  studio.  as  a  technology  strategist,
__label__productinspection devices  support  the  expansion  of  internet  connection  beyond  the  usual  standard  devices  like  computers,  laptops,  smartphones  etc.  these  iot  devices  are  purely  integrated  with  high  definition  technology  which  makes  it  possible  for  them  to  communicate  or  interact  over  the  internet  smoothly  and  can  also  be  managed  and  controlled  remotely  when  required.  what  you  will  learn:  it  is  a  matter  of  fact  today  that  a  number  of  iot  products  have  surpassed  a  huge  number  of  humans  on  this  planet.  approximately  there  are  around  7.62  billion  humans  on  our  planet,  but  to  your  surprise,  by  the  year  2021  with  an  increasing  graph
__label__productinspection of  iot  devices,  there  may  be  around  20  billion  iot  smart  devices  up  and  running  with  an  increase  in  the  demand  of  5g  network.  image  if  an  average  is  made  then  after  some  years  each  and  every  individual  in  america  would  be  having  more  than  10  iot  devices  of  their  own.  please  refer  this  to  more  about  this  statistical  data.  nowadays,  the  production  and  usage  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  increasing  very  rapidly.  iot  products  and  devices  basically  include  laptops,  smartphones,  smart  gadgets,  smart  watches,  smart  and  digitalized  vehicles  and  almost  all  of  these  are  used  majorly  today.
__label__productinspection it  basically  depends  on  two  things  to  transform  a  normal  device  into  iot  smart  device.  when  both  these  functionalities  are  combined  together  an  iot  device  is  formed.  earlier  only  simple  watches  were  only  used  to  see  the  time  and  date,  but  now  the  smart  iot  watches  allow  a  user  to  see  heartbeat  rate,  calorie  count,  steps  walked  etc.  the  market  for  iot  devices  is  expanding  rapidly  day  by  day  and  becoming  more  popular  as  well  with  the  drastic  increase  in  the  number  of  users  who  use  them  daily.  iot  has  a  very  simple  lifecycle  of  development.  deployment  followed  by  monitoring,
__label__productinspection servicing,  managing,  which  is  followed  by  regular  updates  and  decommissioning  at  the  end.  apart  from  these  informations,  there  are  some  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  which  may  have  a  great  impact  on  the  current  and  future  generation  of  mankind.  though  there  are  several  advantages,  there  are  certain  disadvantages  too.  some  of  the  frequently  asked  questions  for  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  enlisted  below  for  your  reference:  iot  devices  are  basically  smart  devices  which  have  support  for  internet  connectivity  and  are  able  to  interact  with  the  other  devices  over  the  internet  and  grant  remote  access  to
__label__productinspection a  user  for  managing  the  device  as  per  their  need.  there  are  several  top  devices  in  the  market.  smart  mobiles,  smart  refrigerators,  smart  watches,  smart  fire  alarm,  smart  door  lock,  smart  bicycle,  medical  sensors,  fitness  trackers,  smart  security  system  etc.,  are  few  examples  of  iot  products.  iot  device  market  is  increasing  drastically,  hence  it  is  assumed  to  have  more  than  20  billion  iot  products  in  the  market  up  and  in  running  state  by  the  year  2021.  the  technologies  used  in  these  devices  are  low  energy  wireless  and  bluetooth,  nfc,  lte,  zigbee,  wireless  protocols  etc.  iot  product/devices  are  basically  physical  devices
__label__productinspection integrated  with  software  and  can  connect  with  each  other  over  the  internet  to  exchange  information,  they  help  the  user  for  more  simple  and  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world.  the  information  provided  in  this  article  is  purely  based  on  the  information  available  on  the  internet  and  not  from  any  private  source.  enlisted  below  are  the  top  internet  of  things  devices  that  are  used  all  over  the  world.  you  can  actually  buy  and  experience  these  devices  for  yourself  that  is  the  beauty  of  this  list.  google  home  voice  controller  is  a  smart  iot  device  which  allows  the  user  to  enjoy  features
__label__productinspection like  media,  alarms,  lights,  thermostats,  control  the  volume  and  much  more  functions  just  by  their  voice.  us  130  google  store,  ebay,  flipkart,  dell.com,  google  express,  verizon  etc.  amazon  echo  plus  voice  controller  is  a  popular  and  reliable  iot  device.  it  is  capable  to  run  songs,  do  phone  calls,  set  timers  and  alarms,  ask  questions,  provide  information,  check  the  weather,  manage  todo  shopping  lists,  manage  house  instruments,  and  several  other  things.  us  99.99  amazon  dash  button  is  basically  a  device  that  gets  connected  over  internet  wifi  and  makes  sure  that  the  user  does  not  lack  important  household  items  like  soft  drinks,
__label__productinspection grocery  material,  medical  and  personal  care,  kids  and  any  pet  items  ever  again.  if  a  user  wants  to  fully  utilize  the  dash  button,  then  the  user  must  be  an  amazon  prime  member.  us  4.99  august  doorbell  cam  is  an  effective  iot  innovation.  august  doorbell  cam  allows  you  to  answer  your  door  from  anywhere  or  remote  location.  it  constantly  checks  your  doors  and  also  captures  motion  changes  in  your  doorstep.  us  199  august  smart  lock  has  proven  to  be  a  reliable  security  iot  device.  it  allows  the  user  to  manage  their  doors  from  any  location  hasslefree.  it  helps  the  user  to
__label__productinspection keep  thieves  away  and  family  in  your  home.  us  220  kuri  is  the  first  sort  of  home  robot  and  most  popular  too.  it  is  specifically  designed  for  entertainment.  kuri  interacts  with  the  users  and  captures  moments  all  around  the  house  daily.  us  700  the  wemo  light  switch  helps  a  user  to  manage  your  home  lights  from  the  wall,  your  mobile  or  by  using  your  voice.  this  smart  light  switch  connects  to  your  existing  home  wifi  network  to  give  wireless  access  of  your  lights  with  no  subscription  or  hub  required.  us  39.95  foobot  is  a  reliable  iot  device  which  is  helpful
__label__productinspection in  measuring  indoor  pollution  and  leads  to  improved  air  quality  in  houses,  workplace,  and  indoor  public  spaces.  it  often  gives  accurate  results.  us  199  flow  air  pollution  is  an  amazing  discovery  in  the  iot  market.  it  is  a  personal  air  quality  tracker  which  informs  the  user  in  which  area  the  air  quality  is  bad  and  polluted  and  vice  versa.  it  shows  all  the  results  in  the  map  available  in  its  app.  us  179  flow.plumelabs,  amazon,  ebay  etc.  nest  smoke  alarm  is  a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  a  smoke  alarm  that  thinks,  speaks  and  alerts  your  mobile  phone  about
__label__productinspection any  unwanted  emergencies  in  your  home.  it  automatically  tests  itself.  us  119  it  helps  to  control  the  homes  temperature  and  cooling  environment  with  no  effort  from  the  user  for  nest  thermostat.  it  adapts  according  to  your  activities  and  manages  room  the  temperature  automatically  based  on  your  routine.  us  249.99  philips  hue  is  a  very  famous  iot  device  and  is  used  as  a  personal  wireless  lighting  systemthat  allows  to  control  your  light  and  create  the  right  ambiance  for  everymoment.  it  makes  the  smart  home  to  live  with  the  most  connected  lights  in  theworld.  us  30  to  us  100  bitdefender  box  is
__label__productinspection a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  the  smart  home  cybersecurity  hub  that  prevents  various  internetconnected  devices  from  malware,  stolen  passwords,  identity  theft,  spying  etc.  us  179.99  ringdoorbellsis  a  reliable  iot  product  and  allows  the  user  to  answer  the  door  from  any  place  using  your  smartphone.  protect  your  home  with  security  cameras  from  ring  video  doorbell.  us  99.99  to  us  499  wemo  smart  plug  is  a  good  iot  product  which  helps  to  turn  on  your  lights,  turn  appliances  on/off  and  provides  the  ability  to  monitor  them  from  anywhere  remotely.  us  49.99  logitech  harmonyis  a  powerful  and  useful  iot  smart  device
__label__productinspection for  daily  purposes.  it  is  a  universal  remote  which  lets  you  control  your  house  media,  lighting,  and  other  smart  devices  from  one  location  remotely.  us  49.99  to  us  349.99  this  is  the  particles  iot  board  which  provides  everything  that  a  user  needs  to  build  a  connection  project.  it  makes  prototyping  simple  and  easy  due  to  plugins.  us  19  to  us  25  it  is  an  extremely  powerful  internet  of  things  device  which  maintains  the  whole  home  mesh  wifi  system  that  is  capable  to  cover  the  whole  house  with  fast  wifi.  it  can  work  with  the  existing  internet  service  provider.  us  323.99
__label__productinspection internet  of  things  iot  device  is  a  burning  topic  in  the  current  era.  we  understood  how  these  smart  devices  developed  by  mankind  for  mankind  are  impacting  in  both  positive  and  negative  ways.  in  this  article,  we  came  to  know  about  iot  device  which  is  the  internet  of  things,  the  types  of  devices  which  include  iot  in  our  day  to  day  life  and  the  process  in  which  the  iot  devices  make  a  users  task  simple  and  quick.  we  saw  how  this  technology  which  is  increasing  drastically  is  going  to  impact  the  future  of  mankind  and  the  working  principle  of  iot  devices.
__label__productinspection you  also  came  to  know  about  the  price,  features,  video  explanation  and  from  where  to  buy  these  devices  as  per  your  requirements.  with  these  points,  we  believe  the  time  is  not  too  far,  in  which  we  will  see  each  and  every  individual,  home  using  and  depending  on  these  helping  our  community  since  2006  100  million  visits  all  articles  are  copyrighted  and  can  not  be  reproduced  without  permission.  copyright  softwaretestinghelp  2019  read  our
__label__productinspection postscapes  is  an  independent  review  site.  we  may  earn  money  when  you  click  on  links  on  our  site.  smart  home  scout  the  source  for  smart  home  buying  advice.  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  every  corner  of  life:  the  home,  the  office,  city  streets  and  beyond.  iot  products  give  us  greater  control  over  door  locks,  lights  and  appliances;  offer  insights  into  resource  consumption  habits;  streamline  business  processes;  and  better  connect  us  to  the  people,  systems  and  environments  that  shape  our  daily  lives.  whether  youre  a  homeowner  looking  for  the  best  products  to  start  building  your  connected  life,  or  a  business
__label__productinspection leader  looking  to  take  your  company  to  the  next  level  this  is  the  place  to  begin.  weve  collected  the  best  and  most  popular  options  the  iot  has  to  offer,  from  smart  home  devices  to  enterprise  platforms  to  the  software  and  tools  you  need  to  build  your  own  smart,  connected  products.  11/01/2019  many  entrylevel  iot  products  fit  smoothly  into  the  patterns  of  daily  life  by  simplifying  routine  tasks.  finding  your  keys,  unlocking  your  door,  turning  lights  on  and  off  these  and  other  habits  can  be  automated  with  sensors  and  intelligent  software.  a  truly  smart  home  is  full  of  products  that  know
__label__productinspection your  preferences,  anticipate  your  needs  and  respond  dynamically  to  your  behavior,  so  you  can  spend  less  time  micromanaging  your  house  and  more  time  living  in  it.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  we  all  know  we  should  try  to  use  less  electricity,  water  and  other  resources,  but  actually  changing  our  habits  can  be  hard  especially  when  we  cant  see  the  immediate  impact  of  our  actions.  a  number  of  iot  products  take  aim  at  resource  use  by  tracking  and  displaying  realtime  data  to  users,  and  by  automating  the  operation  of  lights,  appliances
__label__productinspection and  heating  and  cooling  systems  to  help  reduce  consumption.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  want  to  know  whats  hot  in  the  iot  marketplace?  here  are  a  few  of  the  most  popular  products  in  any  category.  the  iot  has  a  lot  to  offer  businesses,  both  for  tech  firms  looking  to  get  in  on  the  actions  and  for  the  numerous  industries  that  are  being  transformed  by  the  injection  of  smart,  connected  technology  into  manufacturing  processes,  supply  chains,  customer  engagement,  performance  tracking  and  other  areas.  todays  companies  need  to  take  full  advantage  of
__label__productinspection iot  devices,  platforms  and  tools  to  build  business  models  that  will  thrive  in  a  more  connected  world.  looking  for  a  quick  solution  in  one  of  these  product  categories?  try  our  featured  suggestions.  ayla  networks  provides  cloud  platform  for  major  hardware  and  application  vendors.  dglogik  acquired  by  acuity  brands  provides  an  application  builder  and  visualization  platform.  libelium  is  a  hardware  provider  offering  sensors,  motes  and  gateways  along  with  cloud  integration  partners.  prosyst  acquired  by  bosch  offered  a  gateway  software  solution.  your  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we
__label__productinspection can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  getting  started  weekly  bargains  the  smart  home  scout  is  dedicated  to  helping  you  find  the  best  smart  home  products  on  the  market.  to  keep  your  family  safe,  connected  and  saving  resources.  739  sherman  st  .  denver,  co  80203
__label__productinspection heres  what  really  matters.  the  number  eight  has  long  been  regarded  as  the  luckiest  number  in  chinese  culture.  this  is  because  of  the  way  the  pronunciation  of  the  word  sounds.  pronounced  as  ba,  the  number  sounds  a  lot  like  fa  the  word  for  prosper,  wealth  or  fortune  in  chinese.  while  there  is  a  whole  host  of  other  numbers  that  supposedly  bring  good  fortune  in  equal  measure,  this  makes  sense  to  us  because  there  are  eight  things  that  really  matter  if  you  want  to  prosper  in  leveraging  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  drive  innovation.  below  are  the  eight  features  to
__label__productinspection look  out  for  when  evaluating  iot  solutions.  ensure  that  your  iot  platform  can  connect  with  any  device,  sensor  or  machine  over  any  network  and  provides  flexible  deployment  choices  with  saas,  paas,  on  premises,  hybrid  or  edge.  it  should  also  be  lowcode  and  futureready  with  solutions  for  enterprise  integration,  api  management,  predictive  analytics  and  machine  learning,  as  well  as  business  process  and  portfolio  management.  this  flexibility  allows  you  to  start  an  iot  deployment  quickly,  while  also  allowing  you  to  scale  and  grow.  as  the  name  suggests,  iot  implies  that  anything  can  be  connected  and  smarter.  so  why  would  you  even  consider
__label__productinspection working  with  an  iot  platform  vendor  who  might  lock  you  in  to  a  specific  architecture,  or  force  you  to  depend  on  a  narrow  set  of  enterprise  applications,  sensors,  controllers,  protocols  or  deployment  configurations?  your  platform  will  need  to  be  independent  enough  to  avoid  vendor  lockin,  and  open  enough  to  work  with  what  you  have  today  including  it,  ot,  protocols  and  infrastructure  and  what  you  may  have  tomorrow.  you  should  be  able  to  register  and  connect  your  devices  in  minutes  with  an  easytouse  control  panel  to  set  up  rules,  connect  to  key  apps  and  realize  the  benefits  of  iot  immediately.  the
__label__productinspection iot  solution  you  select  should  also  allow  you  to  easily  create  a  free  trial  account  in  the  cloud  at  any  time.  to  realize  the  full  value  of  iot,  you  need  a  distributed  architecture  that  is  elastic  enough  to  swell  and  shrink  dynamically.  your  platform  should  be  able  to  run  in  data  centers  and  on  thick  or  thin  edge  devices,  and  should  have  intelligence  for  running  advanced  analytics  and  automating  key  responses  at  the  edge.  additionally,  the  platform  should  be  able  to  manage  and  modify  edge  apps,  models  and  analytics  on  the  fly.  this  will  allow  you  to  build  and  test
__label__productinspection apps  centrally  and  then  push  them  out  to  where  they  are  needed  at  the  touch  of  a  button.  if  you  want  to  take  a  complete  iot  offering  to  market  for  your  customers,  a  platform  that  can  quickly  develop  apps  from  prepackaged  solutions  and  easily  roll  out  multitenant  or  separate  private  instances  either  on  premises  or  in  the  cloud  is  important.  access  to  process  and  portfolio  management  tools,  including  a  resource  library,  that  support  work  packages,  processes  and  practices  helps  you  to  model,  plan  and  manage  your  it  and  ot  assets.  you  will  want  a  platform  that  is  not  only  recognized
__label__productinspection as  a  leader  by  top  analysts,  but  also  by  a  wide  array  of  satisfied  customers.  this  ensures  that  the  components  of  the  iot  platform  are  trusted  and  have  achieved  real  results.  your  platform  provider  should  have  a  huge  ecosystem  of  strategic  partners  across  sis,  vars,  hardware  and  technology  providers  who  can  help  bridge  gaps  and  build  and  refine  any  custom  or  specific  vertical  requirements  you  have  for  your  platform.  an  ecosystem  provides  a  pool  of  development  resources  that  you  can  use  to  accelerate  the  deployment  of  your  iot  solutions.  an  iot  solution  that  includes  all  eight  of  these  elements  enables
__label__productinspection traditional  packaging  for  products  have  had  a  limited  role  until  this  point  but  with  the  emergence  of  iot,  theres  an  opportunity  for  products  and  packaging  to  play  a  larger  role  and  do  more.  here  are  some  of  the  features  that  can  be  activated  on  smart  products  or  smart  packaging  :  1.  authentication:  2.  open  sensors:  3.  track  and  trace  4.  temperature  sensors  5.  best  before  warnings:  6.  reordering  action:  7.  digital  elabels:  8.  realtime  offers:  qliktag  software  inc  .  is  an  innovator  of  software  solutions  that  bridge  the  gap  between  brands  and  buyers  in  this  new  information  driven  retail  landscape
__label__productinspection if  lte  ie  8script  charsetutf8  typetext/javascript  src//js.hsforms.net/forms/v2legacy.js/scriptpendif  mipi  alliance  serves  the  mobile  industry  and  the  ecosystem  of  mobileinfluenced  industries  that  are  developing  connected  devices  for  vertical  markets  and  the  internet  of  things  mobileinfluenced  industries  are  those  that  leverage  mobile  technologies  and  the  mobile  ecosystem  to  evolve  existing  products  or  create  new  product  designs.  as  mobileinfluenced  industries  take  advantage  of  these  opportunities,  many  are  adopting  mipi  alliance  interfaces  to  benefit  from  the  special  performance  characteristics  and  integration  conveniences  that  mipi  specifications  provide.  a  full  range  of  applications,  from  singlefunction  connected  devices  to  featurerich  wearables  and  complex  robotics  manufacturers  from  across  the
__label__productinspection iot  ecosystem  are  using  mipi  specifications  to  interface  components  in  all  types  of  iot  products,  from  complex,  highend  devices  to  basic  lowend  products.  highend  iot  products  that  use  mipi  specifications  include  featurerich  wearables  such  as  smart  watches,  insight  display  glass  applications,  virtual  or  augmented  reality  headmounted  displays,  as  well  as  gaming  products  and  robotics  systems.  these  devices  need  to  integrate  multiple  sensors  and  highperforming  cameras  and  displays.  they  need  to  provide  fast  data  connectivity  but  must  minimize  energy  consumption  and  electromagnetic  interference  emi.  lowerend  devices  are  used  primarily  to  gather  and  send  data  from  sensors.  the  segment  can  include  singlefunction
__label__productinspection wearables  for  health  and  fitness,  smart  appliances,  smart  meters,  pointofsale  devices,  security  cameras,  door  locks,  among  others.  these  devices  may  use  just  one  or  two  sensors,  have  modest  cpu  requirements  and  require  little  bandwidth,  but  they  can  operate  on  a  coin  cell  or  aa  battery  and  must  maintain  a  charge  for  hours  or  even  months.  mipi  alliance  specifications  are  ideal  for  complex  and  basic  iot  designs  because  the  specifications  support  this  wide  range  of  use  cases,  enabling  developers  to  optimize  their  designs  to  meet  specific  functional  needs  and  increase  their  chances  for  success  in  the  competitive  iot  market.  mipi  alliance,
__label__productinspection inc.  does  not  endorse  companies  or  their  products.  no  liability  can  be  accepted  by  mipi  alliance,  inc.,  its  directors  or  employees  for  any  loss  occasioned  to  any  person  or  entity  acting  or  failing  to  act  as  a  result  of  anything  contained  in  or  omitted  from  the  content  of  this  material.
__label__productinspection iot  strategy  for  product  leaders  by  in  this  post,  i  describe  the  top  seven  iot  business  models  you  can  use  to  increase  revenue,  adoption,  market  share,  and  the  profit  of  your  product.  i  recently  attended  a  very  popular  iot  conference  in  silicon  valley.  during  a  presentation,  the  keynote  speaker  asked  the  audience,  who  here  is  building  a  connected  product?  about  twothirds  of  the  audience  raised  their  hand.  then  he  asked,  who  is  making  money  with  iot  today?  no  hands  went  up.  this  little  engagement  trick  reinforced  the  fact  that  many  companies  are  jumping  into  building  iot  products  without  a  business
__label__productinspection plan.  they  are  able  to  build  the  product  from  a  technology  perspective,  but  they  are  not  able  to  make  money.  and  as  you  know,  thats  simply  not  sustainable.  before  diving  in,  lets  take  a  moment  to  define  an  iot  business  model.  in  his  book  alexander  osterwalder  defines  a  business  model  as:  this  definition  illustrates  the  responsibility  product  managers  have  to  deliver  products  that  focus  on  value.  in  the  iot  world,  its  very  common  to  see  products  that  simply  add  sensors  to  an  existing  product,  display  the  data  on  a  dashboard,  and  call  it  value.  that  should  explain  why  companies  are
__label__productinspection not  getting  traction  in  the  market.  the  value  is  not  really  there.  i  define  an  iot  business  model  as  having  two  parts:  now  that  we  have  a  definition,  lets  look  at  seven  of  the  top  iot  business  models  in  no  particular  order.  since  iot  products  have  24/7  connection  to  your  customer,  you  can  leverage  that  connectivity  to  develop  a  recurringrevenue  business  model.  now  instead  of  having  a  onetime  sale,  you  can  offer  a  subscription  model  in  which  your  customer  pays  a  fee  in  return  for  continuous  value.  a  subscription  model  enables  your  iot  product  to  implement  many  of  the  benefits
__label__productinspection available  to  softwareonly  products.  basically,  you  are  introducing  an  as  a  service  business  model  for  a  system  that  includes  both  software  and  hardware.  by  using  saas  models  as  a  reference  for  your  iot  business  model,  you  can  explore  creative  ways  to  monetize  your  product,  not  only  with  a  monthly  subscription,  but  also  by  providing  paid  upgrades  or  even  implementing  a  freemium  model,  if  your  strategy  supports  it.  another  benefit  of  this  iot  business  model  is  that  it  empowers  your  company  to  foster  an  active  relationship  with  your  customer.  in  the  past,  hardware  manufacturers  used  to  throw  their  products  over  a
__label__productinspection wall,  meaning  that  once  they  completed  the  sale,  they  rarely  interacted  with  their  customer  again.  iot  products  break  down  that  barrier.  as  your  device  gathers  more  data  in  your  customers  surroundings,  you  will  be  able  to  learn  more  about  your  customer  and  provide  more  valuable  features  tailored  to  their  specific  needs.  some  common  iot  applications  using  the  subscription  model  include  monitoring  as  a  service  and  predictive  maintenance  as  a  service.  the  outcomebased  iot  business  model  is  an  example  of  an  innovative  approach  enabled  by  iot  products.  the  idea  is  for  customers  to  pay  for  the  outcome  or  benefit  the  product
__label__productinspection provides,  as  opposed  to  the  product  itself.  remember  the  saying,  people  dont  buy  drills,  they  buy  holes?  well,  the  outcomebased  model  works  in  the  same  way.  customers  pay  for  the  holes,  as  opposed  to  paying  for  the  drill.  for  example,  think  of  a  water  pump  manufacturer.  in  the  past,  their  business  revolved  around  selling  pumps,  and  they  measured  success  by  meeting  quota  on  a  certain  number  of  pumps  per  quarter.  but  lets  be  real.  customers  are  not  looking  to  buy  a  pump.  they  are  looking  to  move  water  from  point  a  to  point  b  for  some  purpose.  they  need  water
__label__productinspection to  cool  another  system,  to  water  plants,  or  to  power  a  generator.  moving  water  from  point  a  to  point  b  is  the  real  need  of  this  customer.  imagine  a  sophisticated  pump  manufacturer  who  creates  a  nextgeneration  pump  that  monitors  the  amount  of  water  it  pumps.  the  manufacturer  can  now  talk  to  the  customer  in  the  language  they  care  about:  the  amount  of  water  pumped  similar  to  holes  drilled.  in  this  case,  the  customer  is  not  buying  a  pump.  instead,  they  are  paying  a  variable  fee  per  month  for  the  amount  of  water  they  source.  they  are  paying  for  the  outcome,
__label__productinspection which  is  water  sourced.  your  company  can  be  creative  when  implementing  an  outcomebased  iot  business  model.  for  example,  you  the  manufacturer  can  decide  whether  youll  lease  or  sell  the  pumps.  if  the  customer  is  interested  in  the  outcome  water  sourced,  then  they  might  not  want  to  have  a  depreciating  asset  the  pump  on  their  balance  sheet.  therefore,  having  them  pay  for  the  water  sourced,  as  opposed  to  paying  for  the  pump  itself  can  reduce  the  customers  objection  to  buying  expensive  equipment.  a  big  concern  when  buying  expensive  equipment  is  whether  the  customer  will  be  able  to  utilize  the  equipment  to
__label__productinspection its  maximum  capacity.  this  is  where  the  idea  of  sharing  assets  comes  into  play.  we  are  starting  to  see  this  iot  business  model  already  with  carsharing  or  bikesharing  companies.  think  about  it  like  this:  why  do  i  need  to  pay  for  the  full  price  of  a  car  if  its  going  to  be  parked  outside  my  house  90  of  the  time.  could  i  just  pay  for  the  amount  of  car  i  use?  iot  has  the  potential  to  solve  this  problem,  and  we  are  already  starting  to  see  solutions  with  selfdriving  cars,  virtual  power  plants,  shared  drones,  etc.  this  iot  business  model
__label__productinspection revolves  around  selling  your  extra  capacity  back  into  the  market.  the  goal  is  to  maximize  the  utilization  of  your  iot  product  across  multiple  customers.  that  way,  each  customer  pays  a  reduced  price  and  you  are  able  to  get  faster  market  penetration,  compared  to  when  a  single  customer  has  to  pay  for  your  complete  product.  i  had  the  opportunity  to  work  within  this  model,  deploying  smart  batteries  for  commercial  buildings  at  stem,  inc.  the  batteries  provided  energy  to  the  building,  and  if  there  was  extra  capacity,  we  sold  that  energy  back  to  the  grid.  in  this  iot  business  model,  the  batteries
__label__productinspection are  a  shared  asset  between  the  building  and  the  electric  grid.  this  approach  allowed  our  customers  to  get  our  systems  at  a  reduced  price  since  they  didnt  have  to  carry  the  burden  of  paying  for  the  whole  system,  whether  they  use  the  extra  capacity  or  not.  you  might  be  thinking,  why  not  just  install  a  smaller  battery?  thats  a  fair  question.  sometimes,  they  dont  make  smaller  batteries  or  smaller  pumps,  or  turbines,  etc..  most  of  these  systems  are  very  complex,  so  you  cant  get  custom  sizes.  you  can  either  throw  away  that  extra  capacity  or  figure  out  a  way  to
__label__productinspection monetize  it.  thats  where  the  intelligence  built  into  iot  products  can  help  you.  to  learn  more  about  this  innovative  iot  business  case,  your  iot  product  can  be  designed  for  selling  other  products.in  this  model,  you  might  sell  the  iot  product  at  cost  or  even  at  a  loss  since  the  goal  is  to  get  the  product  in  the  customers  hands,  so  you  can  start  selling  your  other  products.this  business  model  is  sometimes  called  the  razor  blade  model,  where  the  goal  is  to  sell  more  and  more  disposable  razors,  and  therefore,  the  razor  handle  is  usually  sold  at  cost  or  even  given
__label__productinspection away  for  free.  this  business  model  can  be  very  lucrative  for  products  that  have  consumables  needing  constant  replacement.  for  these  types  of  products,  it  is  very  important  that  the  customer  never  run  out  of  the  consumable.  otherwise,  the  product  loses  its  value  proposition.  you  see,  the  challenge  for  manufacturers  of  these  products  is  that  there  might  be  a  gap  between  when  the  consumable  runs  out  and  when  the  customer  reorders  it.  sometimes  that  gap  becomes  permanent,  and  the  customer  never  buys  again.  but  what  if  the  product  itself  could  reorder  its  consumables  whenever  it  needs  them?  that  would  provide  value
__label__productinspection for  the  customer  and  for  the  vendor.therefore,  the  goal  of  this  iot  business  model  is  to  turn  a  normal  product  into  an  iot  product  to  automatically  reorder  its  consumable  before  it  runs  out.  here  are  two  examples  of  products  using  this  iot  business  model:  amazon  also  uses  this  model  with  their  .  these  connected  buttons  come  preconfigured  to  order  a  specific  product,  say  detergent  or  toilet  paper.  when  you  press  the  button,  it  reorders  that  item  from  amazon  and  it  arrives  at  your  door  within  a  few  days.  amazons  goal  is  to  provide  contextual  shopping,  meaning  the  ability  to  reorder
__label__productinspection a  product  right  when  you  need  it.  by  introducing  this  clever  connected  product,  amazon  is  reducing  the  barriers  for  you  to  reorder  any  product  you  need.  in  this  case,  the  amazon  dash  button  is  not  a  revenue  maker  in  itself,  it  is  just  a  vehicle  to  sell  other  products  in  amazons  catalog.  although  each  example  above  is  a  consumer  product,  the  razor  blade  iot  business  model  is  also  valuable  for  enterprise  or  industrial  products.  basically,  any  product  that  needs  to  reorder  parts  is  a  candidate  for  this  iot  business  model.  whether  you  sell  industrial  hoses,  bearings,  tires,  etc.,  this  iot
__label__productinspection business  model  can  reduce  your  customers  friction  when  buying  your  product  and  can  enable  you  to  provide  a  better  experience  to  your  customers,  ultimately  differentiating  your  offer.  the  value  of  the  internet  of  things  is  in  the  insights  you  can  derive  from  the  data  you  collect.  the  question  is,  who  benefits  from  those  insights?  think  about  companies  like  linkedin  or  facebook.  they  collect  a  huge  amount  of  data  from  all  of  us  often  for  free  and  although  they  provide  us  the  user  with  value  for  providing  that  data,  the  real  value  is  provided  to  advertisers  and  other  third  party  companies
__label__productinspection that  use  the  data  to  promote  their  products  and  services.  in  this  case,  linkedin  or  facebook  are  tools  for  collecting  data  to  offer  it  to  advertisers.  thats  how  they  make  money.  the  same  business  model  works  in  iot.  you  can  build  your  product  to  provide  value  to  the  end  user  and  also  to  collect  valuable  data  you  can  then  sell  to  a  third  party.  in  this  approach,  you  can  offer  your  iot  device  at  no  cost  to  eliminate  the  buying  friction  for  the  end  user.  the  goal  is  to  deploy  as  many  devices  as  possible  to  collect  data.  you  are
__label__productinspection looking  to  build  a  network  effect.  the  more  devices  you  have  out  there,  the  more  attractive  your  data  proposition  will  become  to  third  parties.  there  are  many  examples  of  products  leveraging  this  iot  business  model.  think  of  energy  efficiency  devices  installed  in  buildings  to  monitor  their  energy  consumption.  the  building  manager  benefits  from  this  data,  but  utilities  or  other  aggregators  can  pay  a  hefty  sum  to  receive  aggregated  data  from  thousands  of  buildings.  the  same  is  true  with  devices  that  monitor  your  driving  habits.  they  provide  you  with  some  interesting  insights,  but  insurance  companies  get  the  most  value,  as  they
__label__productinspection are  able  to  understand  driving  patterns  for  thousands  of  people.  this  model  can  be  a  line  extension  of  your  core  business,  meaning  you  can  start  by  solving  the  needs  of  your  end  user,  and  later  you  can  decide  to  branch  out  into  monetizing  their  data.  these  two  models  dont  conflict  with  each  other  as  long  as  you  make  your  customers  aware  of  how  their  data  will  be  used  and  make  sure  to  safeguard  their  privacy.  keep  in  mind  that  sharing  aggregated  data  with  other  companies  is  not  just  an  addon  to  your  existing  iot  solution.  its  a  full  product  that
__label__productinspection requires  understanding  your  third  party  users,  assessing  the  impact  on  your  infrastructure,  etc.  i  recommend  using  the  to  see  how  this  new  functionality  will  impact  your  existing  product.  by  the  way,  if  you  plan  to  open  apis  for  your  customers  to  access  data,  then  its  .  having  sensors  on  your  hardware  device  means  you  can  monitor  your  customers  environment  and  how  much  they  use  your  product.  this  opens  the  door  to  an  innovative  iot  business  model  where  you  charge  your  customer  for  the  amount  of  time  they  are  actively  interacting  with  your  product.  in  this  iot  business  model,  the  goal
__label__productinspection is  not  to  make  money  on  the  device  itself.  instead,  you  are  using  the  data  produced  by  the  iot  device  to  track  usage.  heres  a  good  example  of  this  iot  business  model:  their  goal  was  to  create  an  innovative  pricing  structure  for  their  car  insurance  product  while  solving  the  challenge  of  san  francisco  residents  who  dont  use  their  car  very  often.  the  solution  was  to  create  an  iot  product  that  tracks  how  much  people  use  their  car.  using  this  data,  they  can  calculate  risk  and  therefore  provide  a  permile  price  for  the  insurance.  notice  that  in  this  example,  the  customer
__label__productinspection is  not  paying  for  the  usage  of  the  iot  product  itself  an  odbc  adapter.  instead,  customers  pay  for  the  usage  of  the  device  monitored  by  the  iot  product  the  car.  you  can  use  an  iot  product  to  offer  a  new  service  or  enhance  an  existing  service  to  your  customers.  in  this  case,  im  not  talking  about  an  as  a  service  type  model.  here,  i  explicitly  mean  providing  a  service,  with  real  people  involved.  in  this  iot  business  model,  the  iot  product  can  be  an  enabler  and  differentiator  for  your  company  to  sell  a  service.  here  are  a  few  examples  of
__label__productinspection this  iot  business  model:  as  you  can  see,  there  are  endless  possibilities  of  how  you  can  use  iot  products  to  gather  data,  and  then  provide  a  service  using  the  insights  you  collected.  keep  in  mind  that  you  can  combine  this  iot  business  model  with  some  of  the  previous  ones  to  increase  your  profits.  for  example,  you  can  sell  the  hardware,  monetize  the  data,  and  then  offer  a  service  based  on  insights.  a  word  of  caution  for  product  companies  who  are  new  at  providing  services:  running  a  services  operation  is  very  different  from  a  product  operation.  make  sure  your  company  has
__label__productinspection the  right  resources,  knowhow,  and  willingness  to  expand  into  a  services  offering.  you  need  to  go  at  it  with  eyes  wide  open.  designing  a  new  iot  business  model  can  be  exciting,  but  as  product  leaders,  we  need  to  balance  the  opportunity  with  the  risks.  remember  that  a  business  model  impacts  every  part  of  your  organization,  including  sales,  marketing,  finance,  supply  chain,  engineering,  etc.  therefore,  you  should  start  small  and  only  roll  your  new  business  model  out  once  you  know  it  has  potential.  your  iot  business  model  initiative  will  have  higher  chances  of  success  if  you  start  with  research.  make  sure
__label__productinspection you  understand  your  customers  pains,  and  the  friction  they  experience  when  buying  your  product  today.  implementing  a  new  iot  business  model  is  not  an  end  in  itself.  it  should  be  a  way  to  address  your  customers  purchasing  concerns  to  make  it  easier  for  them  to  adopt  your  product  and  for  you  to  become  more  profitable.  you  can  start  by  creating  a  hypothesis  of  your  customers  biggest  roadblocks  when  adopting  your  product.  then  determine  whether  any  of  these  seven  iot  business  models  can  help  you  remove  those  roadblocks.  creating  that  hypothesis  implies  you  already  know  your  customers  and  their  pain  across
__label__productinspection the  iot  technology  stack.  if  you  need  help  getting  started  with  that  part,  i  recommend  reviewing  my  youll  need  to  start  by  completing  the  ux  and  data  decision  areas  since  the  information  you  gather  there  will  inform  your  decisions  in  the  business  decision  area  where  youll  create  your  iot  business  model.  remember,  this  is  an  iterative  process  of  discovery.  as  with  anything  else  in  product  management,  youll  need  to  work  closely  with  customers  to  understand  their  pains,  so  you  can  design  products  and  business  models  that  best  fit  their  needs.  as  a  product  manager,  it  is  important  to  understand  how
__label__productinspection your  product  adds  value  to  your  customer  and  to  your  company.  you  must  have  a  clear  strategy  for  how  to  monetize  your  product.  the  good  news  is  that  iot  products  provide  many  new  and  innovative  business  models  for  monetization  and  adoption  of  your  product.  good  info  about  iot  very  insightful  article  good  one  very  informative  and  insightful,  await  many  more  such  blogs..  thanks  you  a  nice  outline  for  startups  and  creating  services  model  thanks  for  this  valuable  information  about  iot  thanks  for  giving  the  great  information  about  the  iot  now  a  days  most  of  the  people  fallowing  your  content.  copyright
__label__productinspection updated:  the  internet  of  things  explained.  what  the  iot  is,  and  where  its  going  next.  by  topic:  video:  everything  you  need  to  know  about  the  internet  of  things  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  refers  to  the  billions  of  physical  devices  around  the  world  that  are  now  connected  to  the  internet,  collecting  and  sharing  data.  thanks  to  cheap  processors  and  wireless  networks,  its  possible  to  turn  anything,  from  to  to  a  selfdriving  car  into  part  of  the  iot.  this  adds  a  level  of  digital  intelligence  to  devices  that  would  be  otherwise  dumb,  enabling  them  to  communicate  realtime  data  without  a
__label__productinspection human  being  involved,  effectively  merging  the  digital  and  physical  worlds.  you  can  download  all  of  the  articles  in  this  series  in  one  pdf.  its  free  to  registered  zdnet  and  techrepublic  members.  pretty  much  any  physical  object  can  be  transformed  into  an  iot  device  if  it  can  be  connected  to  the  internet  and  controlled  that  way.  that  can  be  switched  on  using  a  smartphone  app  is  an  iot  device,  as  is  a  motion  sensor  or  a  in  your  office  or  a  connected  streetlight.  an  iot  device  could  be  as  fluffy  as  or  as  serious  as  ,  or  as  complicated  as  a
__label__productinspection jet  engine  thats  now  filled  with  thousands  of  sensors  collecting  and  transmitting  data  back  to  make  sure  it  is  operating  efficiently.  at  an  even  bigger  scale,  to  help  us  understand  and  control  the  environment.  the  term  iot  is  mainly  used  for  devices  that  wouldnt  usually  be  generally  expected  to  have  an  internet  connection,  and  that  can  communicate  with  the  network  independently  of  human  action.  for  this  reason,  a  pc  isnt  generally  considered  an  iot  device  and  neither  is  a  smartphone  even  though  the  latter  is  crammed  with  sensors.  a  or  a  or  other  wearable  device  might  be  counted  as  an
__label__productinspection iot  device,  however.  the  idea  of  adding  sensor  and  intelligence  to  basic  objects  was  discussed  throughout  the  1980s  and  1990s  and  there  are  arguably  some  ,  but  apart  from  some  early  projects  including  an  internetconnected  vending  machine  progress  was  slow  simply  because  the  technology  wasnt  ready.  processors  that  were  cheap  and  powerfrugal  enough  to  be  all  but  disposable  were  required  before  it  became  costeffective  to  connect  up  billions  of  devices.  the  lowpower  chips  that  can  communicate  wirelessly  solved  some  of  this  issue,  along  with  the  increasing  availability  of  broadband  internet  and  cellular  and  wireless  networking.  the  which,  among  other  things,
__label__productinspection should  provide  enough  ip  addresses  for  every  device  the  world  or  indeed  this  galaxy  is  ever  likely  to  need  was  also  a  necessary  step  for  the  iot  to  scale.  coined  the  phrase  internet  of  things  in  1999,  although  it  took  at  least  another  decade  for  the  technology  to  catch  up  with  the  vision.  the  iot  integrates  the  interconnectedness  of  human  culture  our  things  with  the  interconnectedness  of  our  digital  information  system  the  internet.  thats  the  iot,  ashton  .  adding  rfid  tags  to  to  help  track  their  location  was  one  of  the  first  iot  applications.  but  since  then,  the  cost  of
__label__productinspection adding  sensors  and  an  internet  connection  to  objects  has  continued  to  fall,  and  experts  predict  that  this  basic  functionality  could  one  day  cost  as  little  as  10  cents,  making  it  possible  to  connect  nearly  everything  to  the  internet.  the  iot  was  initially  most  interesting  to  business  and  manufacturing,  where  its  application  is  sometimes  known  as  machinetomachine  m2m,  but  the  emphasis  is  now  on  filling  our  homes  and  offices  with  smart  devices,  transforming  it  into  something  thats  relevant  to  almost  everyone.  early  suggestions  for  internetconnected  devices  included  blogjects  objects  that  blog  and  record  data  about  themselves  to  the  internet,  ubiquitous  computing
__label__productinspection or  ubicomp,  invisible  computing,  and  pervasive  computing.  however,  it  was  internet  of  things  and  iot  that  stuck.  big  and  getting  bigger  there  are  already  more  connected  things  than  people  in  the  world.  that  around  8.4  billion  iot  devices  were  in  use  in  2017,  up  31  percent  from  2016,  and  this  will  likely  reach  20.4  billion  by  2020.  total  spending  on  iot  endpoints  and  services  will  reach  almost  2tn  in  2017,  with  twothirds  of  those  devices  found  in  china,  north  america  and  western  europe,  said  gartner.  out  of  that  8.4  billion  devices,  more  than  half  will  be  consumer  products  like  smart
__label__productinspection tvs  and  smart  speakers.  the  mostused  enterprise  iot  devices  will  be  smart  electric  meters  and  commercial  security  cameras,  according  to  gartner.  another  analyst,  idc,  at  772.5bn  in  2018  up  nearly  15  percent  on  the  674bn  that  will  be  spent  in  2017.  idc  predicts  that  total  spending  will  hit  1tn  in  2020  and  1.1tn  in  2021.  according  to  idc,  hardware  will  be  the  largest  technology  category  in  2018  with  239bn  going  on  modules  and  sensors,  with  some  spending  on  infrastructure  and  security.  services  will  be  the  second  largest  technology  category,  followed  by  software  and  connectivity.  the  benefits  of  the  iot  for
__label__productinspection business  depend  on  the  particular  implementation,  but  the  key  is  that  enterprises  should  have  access  to  more  data  about  their  own  products  and  their  own  internal  systems,  and  a  greater  ability  to  make  changes  as  a  result.  manufacturers  are  adding  sensors  to  the  components  of  their  products  so  that  they  can  transmit  back  data  about  how  they  are  performing.  this  can  help  companies  spot  when  a  component  is  likely  to  fail  and  to  swap  it  out  before  it  causes  damage.  companies  can  also  use  the  data  generated  by  these  sensors  to  make  their  systems  and  their  supply  chains  more  efficient,
__label__productinspection because  they  will  have  much  more  accurate  data  about  whats  really  going  on.  with  the  introduction  of  comprehensive,  realtime  data  collection  and  analysis,  production  systems  can  become  dramatically  more  responsive,  .  enterprise  use  of  the  iot  can  be  divided  into  two  segments:  industryspecific  offerings  like  sensors  in  a  generating  plant  or  realtime  location  devices  for  healthcare;  and  iot  devices  that  can  be  used  in  all  industries,  like  smart  air  conditioning  or  security  systems.  while  industryspecific  products  will  make  the  early  running,  by  2020  gartner  predicts  that  crossindustry  devices  will  reach  4.4  billion  units,  while  verticalspecific  devices  will  amount  to  3.2
__label__productinspection billion  units.  consumers  purchase  more  devices,  but  businesses  spend  more:  the  analyst  group  said  that  while  consumer  spending  on  iot  devices  was  around  725bn  last  year,  businesses  spending  on  iot  hit  964bn.  by  2020,  business  and  consumer  spending  on  iot  hardware  will  hit  nearly  3tn.  the  internet  of  things,  broken  down  by  industry.  for  idc  the  three  industries  that  are  expected  to  spend  the  most  on  iot  in  2018  are  manufacturing  189bn,  transportation  85bn,  and  utilities  73bn.  manufacturers  will  largely  focus  on  improving  the  efficiency  of  their  processes  and  asset  tracking,  while  twothirds  of  iot  spending  by  transport  will  go
__label__productinspection toward  freight  monitoring,  followed  by  fleet  management.  iot  spending  in  the  utilities  industry  will  be  dominated  by  smart  grids  for  electricity,  gas,  and  water.  idc  puts  spending  on  crossindustry  iot  areas  like  connected  vehicles  and  smart  buildings,  at  nearly  92bn  in  2018.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  or  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  or  industry  4.0  are  all  names  given  to  the  use  of  iot  technology  in  a  business  setting.  the  concept  is  the  same  as  for  the  consumer  iot;  to  use  a  combination  of  sensors,  wireless  networks,  big  data  and  analytics  to  measure  and  optimise  industrial  processes.  if  introduced
__label__productinspection across  an  entire  supply  chain  rather  than  just  individual  companies  the  impact  could  be  even  greater  with  justintime  delivery  of  materials  and  the  management  of  production  from  start  to  finish.  increasing  workforce  productivity  or  cost  savings  two  potential  aims,  but  the  iiot  can  also  create  new  revenue  streams  for  businesses;  rather  than  just  selling  a  standalone  product  for  example  like  an  engine,  manufacturers  can  sell  predictive  maintenance  of  the  engine  too.  the  iot  promises  to  make  our  environment  our  homes  and  offices  and  vehicles  smarter,  more  measurable,  and  chattier.  smart  speakers  like  and  make  it  easier  to  play  music,  set
__label__productinspection timers,  or  get  information.  make  it  easier  to  monitor  whats  going  on  inside  and  outside,  or  to  see  and  talk  to  visitors.  meanwhile,  smart  thermostats  can  help  us  heat  our  homes  before  we  arrive  back,  and  smart  lightbulbs  can  make  it  look  like  were  home  even  when  were  out.  looking  beyond  the  home,  sensors  can  help  us  to  understand  how  noisy  or  polluted  our  environment  might  be.  autonomous  vehicles  and  smart  cities  could  change  how  we  build  and  manage  our  public  spaces.  however,  many  of  these  innovations  could  have  major  implications  for  .  the  house  that  alexa  built:  an  amazon
__label__productinspection showcase  in  london  in  2017.  for  consumers,  the  smart  home  is  probably  where  they  are  likely  to  come  into  contact  with  internetenabled  things,  and  its  one  area  where  the  big  tech  companies  in  particular  amazon,  google,  and  apple  are  competing  hard.  the  most  obvious  of  these  are  like  amazons  echo,  but  there  are  also  smart  plugs,  lightbulbs,  cameras,  thermostats,  and  the  muchmocked  .  but  as  well  as  showing  off  your  enthusiasm  for  shiny  new  gadgets,  theres  a  more  serious  side  to  smart  home  applications.  they  may  be  able  to  and  in  their  own  homes  longer  by  making  easier  for  family
__label__productinspection and  carers  to  communicate  with  them  and  monitor  how  they  are  getting  on.  a  better  understanding  of  how  our  homes  operate,  and  the  ability  to  tweak  those  settings,  could  help  save  energy  ,  for  example.  security  is  one  the  biggest  issues  with  the  iot.  these  sensors  are  collecting  in  many  cases  extremely  sensitive  data  ,  for  example.  keeping  that  secure  is  vital  to  consumer  trust,  but  so  far  the  iots  security  track  record  has  been  extremely  poor.  too  many  iot  devices  give  little  thought  to  basics  of  security,  like  encrypting  data  in  transit  and  at  rest.  flaws  in  software  even
__label__productinspection old  and  wellused  code  are  discovered  on  a  regular  basis,  but  many  iot  devices  lack  the  capability  to  be  patched,  which  means  they  are  permanently  at  risk.  hackers  are  now  actively  targeting  iot  devices  such  as  routers  and  webcams  because  their  inherent  lack  of  security  makes  them  easy  to  compromise  and  .  flaws  have  left  smart  home  devices  like  refrigerators,  ovens,  and  dishwashers  open  to  hackers.  researchers  found  ,  while  some  internetconnected  smartwatches  for  children  have  been  found  to  contain  security  vulnerabilities  that  allow  hackers  to  track  the  ,  or  even  communicate  with  the  user.  when  the  cost  of  making
__label__productinspection smart  objects  becomes  negligible,  these  problems  will  only  become  more  widespread  and  intractable.  all  of  this  applies  in  business  as  well,  but  the  stakes  are  even  higher.  connecting  industrial  machinery  to  iot  networks  increases  the  potential  risk  of  hackers  discovering  and  attacking  these  devices.  industrial  espionage  or  a  destructive  attack  on  critical  infrastructure  are  both  potential  risks.  that  means  businesses  will  need  to  make  sure  that  these  networks  are  isolated  and  protected  with  data  encryption  with  security  of  sensors,  gateways  and  other  components  a  necessity.  the  current  state  of  iot  technology  makes  that  harder  to  ensure,  however,  as  does  a
__label__productinspection lack  of  consistent  iot  security  planning  across  organisations.  the  iot  bridges  the  gap  between  the  digital  world  and  the  physical  world,  which  means  that  hacking  into  devices  can  have  dangerous  realworld  consequences.  hacking  into  the  sensors  controlling  the  temperature  in  a  power  station  could  trick  the  operators  into  making  a  catastrophic  decision;  taking  control  of  a  driverless  car  could  also  end  in  disaster.  with  all  those  sensors  collecting  data  on  everything  you  do,  the  iot  is  a  potentially  vast  privacy  headache.  take  the  smart  home:  it  can  tell  when  you  wake  up  when  the  smart  coffee  machine  is  activated  and
__label__productinspection how  well  you  brush  your  teeth  thanks  to  your  smart  toothbrush,  what  radio  station  you  listen  to  thanks  to  your  smart  speaker,  what  type  of  food  you  eat  thanks  to  your  smart  oven  or  fridge,  what  your  children  think  thanks  to  their  smart  toys,  and  who  visits  you  and  passes  by  your  house  thanks  to  your  smart  doorbell.  while  companies  will  make  money  from  selling  you  the  smart  object  in  the  first  place,  their  iot  business  model  probably  involves  data,  too.  what  happens  to  that  data  is  a  vitally  important  privacy  matter.  not  all  smart  home  companies  build  their  business
__label__productinspection model  around  harvesting  and  selling  your  data,  but  some  do.  and  its  worth  remembering  that  iot  data  can  be  combined  with  other  bits  of  data  to  create  a  surprisingly  detailed  picture  of  you.  its  surprisingly  easy  to  find  out  a  lot  about  a  person  from  a  few  different  sensor  readings.  in  one  project,  a  researcher  found  that  by  analysing  data  charting  just  the  homes  energy  consumption,  carbon  monoxide  and  carbon  dioxide  levels,  temperature,  and  humidity  throughout  the  day  they  could  work  out  what  someone  was  having  for  dinner.  consumers  need  to  understand  the  exchange  they  are  making  and  whether  they
__label__productinspection are  happy  with  that.  some  of  the  same  issues  apply  to  business:  would  your  executive  team  be  happy  to  discuss  a  merger  in  a  meeting  room  equipped  with  smart  speakers  and  cameras,  for  example?  one  recent  survey  found  that  four  out  of  five  companies  would  be  unable  to  identify  all  the  iot  devices  on  their  network.  badly  installed  iot  products  could  easily  open  up  corporate  networks  to  attack  by  hackers,  or  simply  leak  data.  it  might  seem  like  a  trivial  threat  but  imagine  if  the  smart  locks  at  your  office  were  refused  to  open  or  the  smart  weather  station  in
__label__productinspection the  ceos  office  were  to  create  a  backdoor  into  your  network.  the  iot  makes  computing  physical.  so  if  things  go  wrong  with  iot  devices,  there  can  be  major  realworld  consequences  something  that  nations  planning  their  cyberwarfare  strategies  are  now  taking  into  account.  last  year,  a  us  intelligence  community  briefing  warned  that  the  countrys  adversaries  already  have  the  ability  to  threaten  its  critical  infrastructure  as  well  as  the  broader  ecosystem  of  connected  consumer  and  industrial  devices  known  as  the  internet  of  things.  us  intelligence  has  also  warned  that  connected  thermostats,  cameras,  and  cookers  could  all  be  used  either  to  spy  on
__label__productinspection citizens  of  another  country,  or  to  cause  havoc  if  they  were  hacked.  adding  key  elements  of  national  critical  infrastructure  like  dams,  bridges,  and  elements  of  the  electricity  grid  to  the  iot  makes  it  even  more  vital  that  security  is  as  tight  as  possible.  the  iot  generates  vast  amounts  of  data:  from  sensors  attached  to  machine  parts  or  environment  sensors,  or  the  words  we  shout  at  our  smart  speakers.  that  means  the  iot  is  a  significant  driver  of  big  data  analytics  projects  because  it  allows  companies  to  create  vast  data  sets  and  analyse  them.  giving  a  manufacturer  vast  amounts  of  data
__label__productinspection about  how  its  components  behave  in  realworld  situations  can  help  them  to  make  improvements  much  more  rapidly,  while  data  culled  from  sensors  around  a  city  could  help  planners  make  traffic  flow  more  efficiently.  in  particular,  the  iot  will  deliver  large  amounts  of  realtime  data.  cisco  calculates  that  machineto  machine  connections  that  support  iot  applications  will  account  for  more  than  half  of  the  total  27.1  billion  devices  and  connections,  and  will  account  for  .  the  huge  amount  of  data  that  iot  applications  generate  means  that  many  companies  will  choose  to  do  their  data  processing  in  the  cloud  rather  than  build  huge
__label__productinspection amounts  of  inhouse  capacity.  cloud  computing  giants  are  already  courting  these  companies:  microsoft  has  its  ,  while  provides  a  range  of  iot  services,  as  does  .  by  spreading  a  vast  number  of  sensors  over  a  town  or  city,  planners  can  get  a  better  idea  of  whats  really  happening,  in  real  time.  as  a  result,  smart  cities  projects  are  a  key  feature  of  the  iot.  cities  already  generate  large  amounts  of  data  from  security  cameras  and  environmental  sensors  and  already  contain  big  infrastructure  networks  like  those  controlling  traffic  lights.  iot  projects  aim  to  connect  these  up,  and  then  add  further  intelligence
__label__productinspection into  the  system.  there  are  plans  to  blanket  spains  balearic  islands  with  and  turn  it  into  a  lab  for  iot  projects,  for  example.  one  scheme  could  involve  the  regional  socialservices  department  using  the  sensors  to  help  the  elderly,  while  another  could  identify  if  a  beach  has  become  too  crowded  and  offer  alternatives  to  swimmers.  in  another  example,  att  is  launching  a  service  to  ,  roadways,  and  railways  with  lteenabled  sensors  to  monitor  structural  changes  such  as  cracks  and  tilts.  the  ability  to  better  understand  how  a  city  is  functioning  should  allow  planners  to  make  changes  and  monitor  how  this  improves
__label__productinspection residents  lives.  big  tech  companies  see  smart  cities  projects  as  a  potentially  huge  area,  and  many  including  mobile  operators  and  networking  companies  are  now  positioning  themselves  to  get  involved.  iot  devices  use  a  variety  of  methods  to  connect  and  share  data,  although  most  will  use  some  form  of  wireless  connectivity:  homes  and  offices  will  use  standard  wifi  or  bluetooth  low  energy  or  even  ethernet  if  they  arent  especially  mobile;  other  devices  will  use  lte  or  even  satellite  connections  to  communicate.  however,  the  vast  number  of  different  options  has  already  led  some  to  argue  that  iot  communications  standards  need  to  be
__label__productinspection as  accepted  and  interoperable  as  wifi  is  today.  one  area  of  growth  in  the  next  few  years  will  be  the  use  of  5g  networks  to  support  iot  projects.  5g  offers  the  ability  to  fit  as  many  as  one  million  5g  devices  in  a  square  kilometre  which  means  that  it  will  be  possible  to  use  a  vast  number  of  sensors  in  a  very  small  area,  making  large  scale  industrial  iot  deployments  more  possible.  the  uk  has  just  started  a  trial  of  5g  and  the  iot  at  two  smart  factories.  one  likely  trend  is  that,  as  the  iot  develops,  it  could  be
__label__productinspection that  less  data  will  be  sent  for  processing  in  the  cloud.  to  keep  costs  down,  more  processing  could  be  done  ondevice  with  only  the  useful  data  sent  back  to  the  cloud  a  strategy  known  as  edge  computing.  this  will  require  new  technology  like  tamperproof  edge  servers  that  can  collect  and  analyse  data  far  from  the  cloud  or  corporate  data  center.  iot  devices  generate  vast  amounts  of  data;  that  might  be  information  about  an  engines  temperature  or  whether  a  door  is  open  or  closed  or  the  reading  from  a  smart  meter.  all  this  iot  data  has  to  be  collected,  stored  and
__label__productinspection analysed.  one  way  companies  are  making  the  most  of  this  data  is  to  feed  it  into  artificial  intelligence  ai  systems  which  will  take  that  iot  data  and  use  it  to  make  predictions.  for  example,  google  is  an  ai  in  .  the  ai  uses  data  pulled  from  thousands  of  iot  sensors  which  is  fed  into  deep  neural  networks,  which  predict  how  different  choices  will  affect  future  energy  consumption.  by  using  machine  learning  and  ai  google  has  been  able  to  make  its  data  centers  more  efficient  and  said  the  same  technology  could  have  uses  in  other  industrial  settings.  as  the  price  of
__label__productinspection sensors  and  communications  continue  to  drop,  it  becomes  costeffective  to  add  more  devices  to  the  iot  even  if  in  some  cases  theres  little  obvious  benefit  to  consumers.  deployments  are  at  an  early  stage;  most  companies  which  are  engaging  with  the  iot  are  at  the  trial  stage  right  now,  largely  because  the  necessary  technology  sensor  technology,  5g  and  machinelearning  powered  analytics  are  still  themselves  at  an  reasonably  early  stage  of  development.  there  are  many  competing  platforms  and  standards  and  many  different  vendors  from  device  makers  to  software  companies  to  network  operators  want  a  slice  of  the  pie.  its  still  not  clear
__label__productinspection which  of  those  will  win  out.  but  without  standards  and  with  security  an  ongoing  issue  we  are  likely  to  see  some  more  big  iot  security  mishaps  in  the  next  few  years.  as  the  number  of  connected  devices  continues  to  rise,  our  living  and  working  environments  will  become  filled  with  smart  products  assuming  we  are  willing  to  accept  the  security  and  privacy  tradeoffs.  some  will  welcome  the  new  era  of  smart  things.  others  will  pine  for  the  days  when  a  chair  was  simply  a  chair.  what  steps  should  your  organisation  take  to  be  ready  for  the  internet  of  things?  but  analyst
__label__productinspection firm  gartner  has  slashed  its  2020  forecast  for  internet  of  things  devices  by  20  percent,  or  five  billion  units.  the  number  and  variety  of  enterprise  iot  initiatives  are  growing,  but  gartner  says  most  businesses  are  still  holding  back.  here  are  some  compelling  use  cases  and  what  companies  can  take  away  from  them.  iot  is  having  a  profound  impact  on  transportation,  sustainability,  manufacturing,  city  services  and  more.  here  are  17  video  interviews  with  tech  leaders.  by  topic:  edge  computing  edge  computing  networking  edge  computing  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__productinspection as  we  move  towards  the  future  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  qualcomm  technologies  is  helping  customers  commercialize  their  products  faster  and  more  costeffectively  using  our  optimized  platforms  in  the  areas  of  smart  bodies,  smart  homes,  and  smart  cities.  our  scale  and  expertise  in  connectivity  and  compute  puts  us  in  a  unique  position  to  invent  and  deliver  the  technologies  needed  in  iottoday  and  in  the  future.  the  iot  has  enormous  beneficial  opportunities  for  customers  and  consumersbut  its  evolution  has  been  affected  by  product  development  challenges,  such  as  rapidly  changing  requirements,  consumer  expectations,  pricing  and  heavy  competition.  and  it  continues  to
__label__productinspection be.  as  widespread  consumer  adoption  of  connected  devices  increases,  so  does  the  pressure  on  customers  to  create  differentiated,  highend  devices  that  are  powerful,  yet  powerefficient,  and  interoperable  yet  highly  secure.  qualcomm  technologies  comprehensive  solutions  approach  provides  the  technology,  tools  and  relationships  needed  to  help  create  and  scale  various  ecosystems  within  the  iot,  with  smart  platforms  that  reduce  development  times  and  cost.  these  solutions  offer  the  connectivity,  interoperability,  security  and  accessibility  customers  need  to  create  innovative  end  products  that  provide  more  personalized  services  and  new  user  experiences.  in  order  to  achieve  high  customer  and  consumer  satisfaction,  we  offer  advanced  connectivity  and
__label__productinspection computing  technologies  that  provide  value,  accelerate  innovation  and  deliver  expanded  capabilities  for  current  and  future  iot  end  products.  several  of  our  iot  solutions  include:  we  approach  each  iot  customer  application  with  a  unique  focus  and  purpose  in  order  to  effectively  meet  different  product  needs  and  requirements.  through  turnkey  platforms,  we  combine  our  integration  expertise  and  endtoend  systems  approach  for  specific  segments  and  various  technologies.  we  create  easily  implementable  solutionshelping  get  products  to  consumers  quickly  and  at  a  low  cost.  all  of  which  helps  make  smarter  homes,  smarter  cities  and  even  wearables  and  smart  bodies  even  more  intelligent.  hundreds  of  customers,
__label__productinspection including  some  of  the  bestknown  consumer  brands,  benefit  from  developing  and  successfully  launching  iot  products  quickly  and  at  a  low  cost  using  qualcomm  technologieswith  over  a  billion  iot  devices  shipped  to  date.  building  on  our  connectivity  history  and  experience,  we  continue  to  assist  customers  in  getting  their  innovative  products  to  consumers.  the  iot  is  connecting  people,  places  and  devices  at  a  rapid  pace.  with  the  surge  of  connected  devices  comes  the  demand  and  necessity  to  implement  security  features  for  iot  devices.  qualcomm  technologies  has  a  long  heritage  of  providing  mobile  security  solutions.  today,  our  security  solutions  are  found  in  billions
__label__productinspection of  commercial  devices  around  the  world,  utilizing  our  proven  mobile  solutions  for  consumer  and  industrial  iot  applications.  learn  more  dramatically  transform  the  way  your  users  discover,  interact  with  and  consume  home  entertainment  content  with  our  customized  platforms,  which  offer  an  unmatched  combination  of  computing,  connectivity  integration  and  advanced  capabilities.  learn  more  cameras  drones  and  robots  remote  controllers  printers  wearables  further  smart  city  development  with  qualcomm  technologies  proven  portfolio  of  wide  and  localarea  connectivity  technologies,  providing  endtoend  solutions,  including  lte,  that  help  minimize  expenses  while  keeping  cities  connected.  learn  more  transportation  energy  infrastructure  buildings  commercial  and  industrial  create  a  more  connected
__label__productinspection home  experience  using  our  secure,  lowpower,  endtoend  platform  solutions  that  support  all  required  ecosystems  by  bringing  premium  wireless  connectivity  and  technology  to  a  wide  range  of  devices.  learn  more  home  appliances  home  lighting  home  security  and  automation  seamlessly  support  music  from  any  source,  on  any  device  with  qualcomm  technologies  voice  and  music  solutions,  which  enhance  the  user  listening  experience  by  combining  premium  quality  audio  with  the  freedom  and  flexibility  of  wireless.  learn  more  headsets  and  headphones  bluetooth  speakers  networked  speakers  smart  speakers  soundbars  and  home  theater  we  work  with  oems  at  the  forefront  of  iot  product  development,  creating  millions  of
__label__productinspection connected  devices.  the  consumer  audio  landscape  is  evolving  quickly.  to  understand  how,  we  surveyed  6,000  smartphone  users  from  the  u.s.,  u.k.,  china,  japan,  india,  and  germany  to  gain  a  broad  global  view  of  current  attitudes  and  purchase  drivers.  download  the  report  view  products  contact  us  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  onq  blog  2019  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.  and/or  its  affiliated  companies.  references  to  qualcomm  may  mean  qualcomm  incorporated,  or  subsidiaries  or  business  units  within  the  qualcomm  corporate  structure,  as  applicable.
__label__productinspection qualcomm  incorporated  includes  qualcomms  licensing  business,  qtl,  and  the  vast  majority  of  its  patent  portfolio.  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.,  a  whollyowned  subsidiary  of  qualcomm  incorporated,  operates,  along  with  its  subsidiaries,  substantially  all  of  qualcomms  engineering,  research  and  development  functions,  and  substantially  all  of  its  products  and  services  businesses.  qualcomm  products  referenced  on  this  page  are  products  of  qualcomm  technologies,  inc.  and/or  its  subsidiaries.  materials  that  are  as  of  a  specific  date,  including  but  not  limited  to  press  releases,  presentations,  blog  posts  and  webcasts,  may  have  been  superseded  by  subsequent  events  or  disclosures.  nothing  in  these  materials  is  an  offer  to  sell
__label__productinspection entrepreneur  the  internet  of  things  iot  continues  to  evolve  and  expand  in  terms  of  the  number  of  companies,  products,  and  applications  that  illustrate  just  how  beneficial  it  is  becoming  to  connect  our  devices,  appliances,  homes,  and  vehicles  together.  some  companies  like  nest  have  led  the  way  and  are  becoming  instantly  recognizable.  waiting  in  the  wings  are  numerous  iot  companies  you  may  not  yet  be  familiar  with  but  that  could  enhance  how  you  work  and  live  like  these  25  innovative  iot  firms  and  products:  1.  skybell  skybell  offers  an  awardwinning  that  allows  you  to  see,  hear,  and  speak  to  visitors  whether
__label__productinspection you  are  at  home  or  away.  this  smart  doorbell  sends  live  hd  video  to  your  smartphone  with  the  free  mobile  app  for  ios  and  androidbased  devices.  it  also  has  fullcolor  night  vision  and  a  motion  sensor  that  alerts  you  to  a  visitor  at  your  door  even  if  they  dont  press  the  doorbell  button.  skybell  is  the  only  video  doorbell  partnered  with  some  of  the  top  security  providers  in  the  world,  including  honeywell  and  alarm.com.  related:  2.  deako  deako  is  quickly  becoming  a  leading  provider  of  ,  thanks  to  beautiful  design,  innovative  engineering  and  prices  that  fall  below  their  competition.  their
__label__productinspection bluetoothenabled  smart  switches  make  it  easy  for  homeowners  to  upgrade  to  smart  lighting  allowing  users  to  control  any  light  in  their  home  from  a  switch,  smartphone  or  their  voice.  and  best  of  all,  deako  smart  light  switches  dont  require  a  separate  hub.  3.  june  this  iot  company  offers  an  that  identifies  what  you  are  cooking  with  a  camera  and  offers  suggestions  on  how  to  make  it.  you  can  also  track  the  cooking  process  from  your  phone,  watch,  or  any  other  connected  device.  cooking  smarter  meals  tastier  meals  and  no  mistakes  on  timing  and  temperature.  4.  particle  this  provides  a  platform
__label__productinspection for  connecting  iot  devices  to  securely  connect  to  the  web  and  create  a  network  to  leverage  all  the  benefits  of  this  technology.  over  100,000  developers  are  using  particle  to  build  their  enterprise  and  startup  iot  devices  and  working  as  a  community  to  collaborate  on  how  to  advance  its  application  across  industries.  related:  5.  mymdband  this  is  a  wearable  digital  device  is  actually  a  medical  emergency  bracelet.  provides  medical  information  about  the  wearer  and  uses  gps  and  location  information  to  adapt  the  information  to  the  local  language  when  the  wearer  has  any  type  of  medical  emergency.  a  caregiver  can  scan  a
__label__productinspection laserengraved  qr  code  on  the  bands  buckle  to  get  health  information  about  the  wearer.  this  information  could  include  any  prior  medical  conditions,  allergies,  current  medications,  last  medical  tests,  and  vaccinations.  the  iot  medical  emergency  bracelet  also  automatically  alerts  emergency  contacts,  providing  updates  on  the  wearers  location  and  situation.  6.  roost  this  offers  a  way  to  take  care  of  some  typically  annoying  home  issues.  its  smart  smoke  alarm  battery  stops  all  those  chirps  that  remind  you  that  its  time  to  change  the  smoke  alarm  battery  which  usually  happens  in  the  early  morning  hours.  in  fact,  you  can  use  its  smart  smoke
__label__productinspection alarm  as  well.  plus,  the  company  provides  leak  detection  sensors  that  help  protect  your  home  with  water  leak  and  freeze  alerts.  7.  jasper  the  company  offers  a  for  startups,  small  and  mediumsized  businesses,  and  large  companies  to  launch,  manage,  distribute,  and  monetize  their  iot  products  and  services.  jasper  essentially  is  an  iot  solution  for  iot  businesses  across  numerous  industries  and  segments  to  rapidly  and  costeffectively  deploy  iot  so  more  companies  can  adopt  this  way  of  working  together.  applications  include  mobile  service  management,  billing  and  business  automation,  and  support  diagnostics  as  well  as  much  more.  related:  8.  samsara  offering  industrial  and
__label__productinspection fleet  applications,  this  provides  assistance  with  energy  monitoring,  asset  utilization,  and  vehicle  tracking.  for  industrial  uses,  samsara  offers  remote  and  power  monitoring  as  well  as  cold  chain  while  fleets  can  leverage  features  like  dash  cam,  gps  tracking,  trailer  tracking,  and  more.  9.  hologram  this  iot  company  is  a  that  enables  iot  device  connectivity.  those  with  fleets  can  improve  their  management  of  all  assets  and  drivers  while  numerous  types  of  companies  can  benefit  from  the  ability  to  capture  and  assess  device  data  from  those  iot  devices  that  are  linked.  10.  awair  this  iot  company  has  various  products,  including  awair  ,  which
__label__productinspection is  an  air  monitoring  device  with  a  smart  plug.  it  provides  multiple  benefits  for  consumers  that  use  these  iot  products.  the  air  monitoring  aspect  of  the  device  tracks  toxins  and  chemicals  in  the  air  and  then  offers  a  recommendation  on  how  to  improve  the  air  quality.  the  insights  and  tips  are  delivered  on  its  app.  it  also  attaches  to  other  devices  like  google  home  or  amazon  echo  so  it  will  turn  on  things  like  humidifiers  that  are  connected  to  your  home  network.  11.  tplink  the  iot  company  offers  its  with  colorchanging  hue  to  help  you  reduce  energy  consumption  while  controlling
__label__productinspection your  lighting  at  home.  while  it  connects  directly  to  your  home  wifi  you  can  also  control  it  from  anywhere  through  the  kasa  app  so  you  can  adjust  color  and  brightness,  track  your  energy  consumption,  and  set  schedules  for  when  its  on.  it  is  also  compatible  with  amazon  alexa  and  google  assistant  as  well  as  android  and  ios  devices.  related:  12.  talkies  this  was  seen  on  shark  tank  and  has  been  growing  in  popularity  as  a  way  for  kids  to  chat  with  friends  and  family  without  having  to  give  them  a  phone.  messages  can  be  sent  from  the  phone  app  to
__label__productinspection a  talkie  toy  or  two  talkie  toys  can  be  used  to  message  each  other.  its  a  fun  and  safe  way  to  get  kids  into  conversations  and  away  from  their  screens.  13.  ray  ray  offers  a  glimpse  of  what  the  looks  like  with  this  smartphone  platform  that  works  with  hundreds  of  devices  so  you  dont  need  all  those  remotes  anymore.  besides  controlling  all  your  entertainment  devices,  it  offers  a  recommendation  engine  that  learns  from  what  you  choose  to  watch  so  it  can  help  you  find  more  programs  and  content  like  those  preferences.  14.  cujo  the  iot  company  offers  a  that  protects
__label__productinspection your  connected  home,  securing  all  devices  that  are  connected  from  hackers  and  other  threats.  parents  can  also  use  this  device  to  monitor  and  control  what  their  kids  have  access  to  online  to  keep  them  safe.  the  security  levels  are  akin  to  the  security  systems  a  business  would  use  to  protect  its  devices.  related:  15.  arrayent  the  is  now  being  used  by  many  brands  to  get  connected  and  get  closer  to  their  customers.  this  includes  connecting  products  as  well  as  business  processes  and  departments.  the  platform  also  provides  a  way  to  share  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  way  that
__label__productinspection an  entire  company  can  easily  access  and  analyze  together  for  greater  collaboration  and  insights.  16.  sonos  this  is  a  known  as  play:5  that  offers  incredible  sound  and  that  connects  to  all  types  of  device.  it  streams  music  over  wifi  rather  than  bluetooth  so  the  music  will  continue  playing  from  your  smartphone  even  if  you  pick  up  a  phone  call.  this  technology  illustrates  how  you  can  conveniently  bring  all  your  entertainment  together  for  an  incredible  sound  experience.  17.  invoxia  triby  this  is  a  that  you  can  stick  on  your  refrigerator  or  leave  it  anywhere  in  the  home  that  offers  alexa  voice
__label__productinspection service.  you  can  leave  digital  messages  and  doodles  for  your  family,  set  alarms,  pair  it  with  your  phone  to  do  handsfree  calls,  control  home  devices,  ask  for  news,  get  information  from  the  internet  and  play  music.  related:  18.  buddy  buddy  ohm  is  a  full  monitoring  solution  that  can  be  used  to  .  it  includes  internet  of  things  iot  class  hardware,  scalable  data  infrastructure,  an  operations  portal,  dashboards,  and  mobile  connectivity.  businesses  can  use  this  iot  device  to  get  more  insights  from  all  the  data  that  is  available  through  analysis  after  connecting  all  types  of  devices  together.  19.  eight  this  interesting
__label__productinspection company  combines  your  sleep  with  data.  want  to  sleep  better?  is  the  bed  that  tells  you  how.  the  eight  smart  cover  is  a  sensor  layer  that  fits  over  any  mattress  and  instantly  turns  your  bed  into  a  smart  bed.  receive  daily  sleep  reports  each  morning,  use  the  dual  zone  warming  feature  to  make  your  bed  extra  cozy,  connect  to  almost  any  wifi  enabled  device  in  your  home.  20.  flex  the  product  design  company  across  numerous  industries  and  applications.  it  uses  a  process  called  sketchtoscale  to  help  businesses  enjoy  the  advantages  of  intelligent  products  and  platforms  that  leverage  the  power  of
__label__productinspection creating  connections  and  networks  between  products  to  yield  even  more  benefits.  21.  singlecue  this  iot  device  allows  you  to  versus  all  the  voiceassisted  iot  devices  now  available.  it  removes  the  need  to  use  any  remote  control  devices,  works  with  over  100,000  devices  to  connect  them,  and  offers  a  fast,  effective  way  to  send  commands  with  a  wave  of  your  hand.  related:  22.  lantronix  lantronix  focuses  on  helping  more  companies  adopt  iot  into  their  processes  and  building  models  by  creating  iot  building  blocks  like  embedded  wifi  and  iot  gateways.  the  result  is  faster  connectivity  to  realize  the  benefits  of  greater  connectivity
__label__productinspection for  a  number  of  sectors,  including  industrial,  healthcare,  fleet,  security,  energy  and  more.  23.  kinsa  kinsa  offers  an  that  does  so  much  more  to  track  your  wellbeing  from  illness  back  to  feeling  good  again.  while  your  traditional  thermometer  only  reports  your  temperature,  the  kinsa  smart  thermometer  also  offers  personalized  guidance  on  how  to  treat  the  temperature,  advises  when  to  contact  a  physician,  reminds  you  when  to  take  medicine  and  how  much,  shows  what  illnesses  are  in  the  geographic  area  and  maintains  your  familys  health  details  so  you  can  access  them  from  anywhere.  related:  24.  click  and  grow  this  is  a
__label__productinspection truly  unique  iot  application  that  involves  .  the  garden  is  selfwatering  and  involves  just  plugging  it  in  and  letting  technology  do  the  rest.  its  a  great  way  to  illustrate  the  ability  to  create  selfsustaining  environments  anywhere.  25.  losant  the  losant  iot  platform  is  a  middleware  solution  that  is  helping  more  companies  .  the  iot  platform  includes  an  intelligence  engine,  device  management  and  connectivity,  data  visualization  and  analytics,  workflow  engine,  and  enduser  application  experience.  an  iot  revolution  these  25  iot  companies  from  innovative  consumer  products  now  available  to  industrial  and  commercial  hardware  and  platform  development  its  clear  that  iot  continues  to
__label__productinspection there  are  billions  of  devices  in  homes,  factories,  oil  wells,  hospitals,  cars,  and  thousands  of  other  places.  with  the  proliferation  of  devices,  you  increasingly  need  solutions  to  connect  them,  and  collect,  store,  and  analyze  device  data.  aws  iot  provides  broad  and  deep  functionality,  spanning  the  edge  to  the  cloud,  so  you  can  build  iot  solutions  for  virtually  any  use  case  across  a  wide  range  of  devices.  since  aws  iot  integrates  with  ai  services,  you  can  make  devices  smarter,  even  without  internet  connectivity.built  on  aws,  which  is  used  by  industryleading  customers  around  the  world,  aws  iot  can  easily  scale  as  your
__label__productinspection device  fleet  grows  and  your  business  requirements  evolve.  aws  iot  also  offers  the  most  comprehensive  security  features  so  you  can  create  preventative  security  policies  and  respond  immediately  to  potential  security  issues.  aws  has  broad  and  deep  iot  services,  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud.  device  software,  amazon  freertos  and  aws  iot  greengrass,  provides  local  data  collection  and  analysis.  in  the  cloud,  aws  iot  is  the  only  vendor  to  bring  together  data  management  and  rich  analytics  in  easy  to  use  services  designed  specifically  for  noisy  iot  data.  aws  iot  offers  services  for  all  layers  of  security.  aws  iot  includes  preventative  security
__label__productinspection mechanisms,  such  as  encryption  and  access  control  to  device  data.  aws  iot  also  offers  a  service  to  continuously  monitor  and  audit  security  configurations.  you  receive  alerts  so  you  can  mitigate  potential  issues,  such  as  pushing  a  security  fix  to  a  device.  aws  is  bringing  ai  and  iot  together  to  make  devices  more  intelligent.  you  can  create  models  in  the  cloud,  and  then  deploy  them  to  devices  where  they  run  2x  faster  compared  to  other  offerings.  aws  iot  sends  data  back  to  the  cloud  for  continuous  improvement  of  models.  aws  iot  also  supports  more  machine  learning  frameworks  compared  to  other  offerings.
__label__productinspection aws  iot  is  built  on  a  scalable,  secure,  and  proven  cloud  infrastructure,  and  scales  to  billions  of  different  devices  and  trillions  of  messages.  aws  iot  integrates  with  services  such  as  aws  lambda,  amazon  s3,  and  amazon  sagemaker,  so  you  can  build  complete  solutions,  such  as  an  application  that  uses  aws  iot  to  manage  cameras  and  amazon  kinesis  for  machine  learning.  aws  iot  customers  are  building  industrial  iot  applications  for  predictive  quality  and  maintenance  and  to  remotely  monitor  operations.  aws  iot  customers  are  building  connected  home  applications  for  home  automation,  home  security  and  monitoring,  and  home  networking.  aws  iot  customers  are
__label__productinspection building  commercial  applications  for  traffic  monitoring,  public  safety,  and  health  monitoring.  aws  iot  provides  device  software,  control  services,  and  data  services.  device  software  enables  you  to  securely  connect  devices,  gather  data,  and  take  intelligent  actions  locally,  even  when  internet  connectivity  is  not  available.  connectivity  control  services  allow  you  to  control,  manage,  and  secure  large  and  diverse  device  fleets.  analytics  services  help  you  extract  value  from  iot  data.  is  an  operating  system  for  microcontrollers  that  makes  small,  lowpower  edge  devices  easy  to  program,  deploy,  secure,  connect,  and  manage.  is  software  that  lets  you  run  local  compute,  messaging,  data  caching,  sync,  and
__label__productinspection machine  learning  inference  capabilities  on  connected  devices  in  a  secure  way.  lets  connected  devices  easily  and  securely  interact  with  cloud  applications  and  other  devices.  continuously  monitors  and  audits  your  iot  configurations  to  make  sure  that  they  arent  deviating  from  security  best  practices.  makes  it  easy  to  securely  register,  organize,  monitor,  and  remotely  manage  iot  devices  at  scale.  makes  it  easy  to  run  sophisticated  analytics  on  massive  volumes  of  iot  data.  makes  it  easy  to  collect,  organize  and  analyze  industrial  data  at  scale.  makes  it  easy  to  detect  and  respond  to  events  from  large  numbers  of  iot  sensors  and  applications.  makes
__label__productinspection sorry,  your  browser  is  not  supported.  we  recommend  processor  ip  for  the  widest  range  of  devicesfrom  sensors  to  servers.  machine  learning  processors  for  highest  throughput  and  efficiency  graphics  processors  that  offer  a  complete  multimedia  solution  for  soc.  solutions  for  the  efficient  implementation  of  complex  soc  designs.  lowpower,  lowvoltage  solutions  for  wpan  and  lpwan.  perfect  for  highefficiency  iot  endpoints  or  a  highperformance  server  soc.  security  ip  designed  to  protect  against  a  variety  of  different  vulnerabilities.  the  pelion  iot  platform  is  a  flexible,  secure,  and  efficient  foundation  spanning  connectivity,  device,  and  data  management.  opensource  embedded  operating  system  ideal  for  iot  connected  products.
__label__productinspection tools  to  accelerate  time  to  security  for  soc  designers,  device  makers,  and  developers.  build  and  remotely  provision  sim,  esim  and  isim.  created  by  arm  architecture  experts,  our  development  tools  are  designed  to  accelerate  product  engineering  from  soc  architecture  to  software  application  development.  arm  flexible  access  provides  quick,  easy,  and  unlimited  access  to  a  wide  range  of  ip,  tools  and  support  to  evaluate  and  fully  design  solutions.  transform  lives  through  machine  learning  solutions.  compute  power  built  into  everyday  objects  and  physical  systems.  security  for  billions  of  devices  through  arm  technologies.  connect  anything  anywhere  with  faster,  lowlatency  5g  networks.  autonomous  driving  is
__label__productinspection the  next  frontier  for  car  manufacturers.  leverages  iot  for  insights  into  shopper  engagements  to  improve  customer  experience.  technology  that  brings  endtoend  visibility  for  transport  goods.  transform  cities  to  be  more  responsive  to  events  and  changes.  modernize  indoor  space  operations  using  iot  devices  to  realize  significant  savings.  the  power  of  home  automation  through  alwayson  iot  devices.  improve  healthcare  with  proactive,  and  advanced  treatment  solutions.  power  to  meet  the  growing  needs  of  hdd  ssd  storage  applications.  industrial  and  operational  practices  become  increasing  efficient  with  connected  iot  devices.  secure,  flexible  processing  for  wearable  electronics  with  small  silicon  footprint.  data  management  for  the  spectrum
__label__productinspection of  critical  infrastructure  for  iot  utilities.  mobile  technology  for  alwayson,  alwaysconnected  devices  with  ai.  iot,  cloud  and  5g  are  driving  the  transformation  from  datacenter  to  devices.  arm  enables  a  world  of  a  trillion  connected  devices.  arm  helps  enterprises  secure  devices  from  chip  to  cloud.  arm  provides  proven  ip  and  the  industrys  most  robust  soc  development  resources.  start  your  concepttocompute  journey  with  arm  processor  designs  and  rich  development  resources.  learn  about  real  life  stories  and  the  triumphs  that  imagination,  tenacity  and  arm  technology  work  together  to  create.  arm  executives  and  influencers  bring  insights  and  opinions  from  the  worlds  largest  compute  ecosystem.
__label__productinspection partnership  opportunities  with  arm  range  from  device  chip  designs  to  managing  these  devices.  arm  architecture  enables  our  partners  to  build  their  products  in  an  efficient,  affordable,  and  secure  way.  arm  technologies  continuously  evolve  to  ensure  intelligence  is  at  the  core  of  a  secure  and  connected  digital  world.  arm  is  rapidly  advancing  iot  technologies  through  the  design  and  development  of  the  integral  platforms,  sensors,  and  subsystems  that  drive  iot  performance.  arm  provides  a  chance  for  kids  to  talk  to  tech  leaders  and  help  shape  how  technology  should  be  built  for  their  future.  share  your  technology  story  for  a  chance  to  win.
__label__productinspection arm  offers  a  range  of  expert  professional  support  and  services  options,  to  give  you  the  help  you  need,  when  you  need  it.  our  experts  help  you  achieve  your  design  goals  with  advice  and  debug  assistance  throughout  your  support  contract.  various  physical  implementation  and  cryptocell  security  services  to  help  you  throughout  the  design  process.  arm  approved  program  enables  our  ecosystem  partners  to  support  you  in  specific  technologies.  the  selfservice  arm  community  and  documentation  help  you  stay  informed,  learn  more,  and  ask  and  answer  questions.  arm  design  reviews  and  consultancy  will  help  you  optimize  your  arm  system  on  chip  soc  designs  and
__label__productinspection implementation  using  advice  from  the  most  experienced  arm  engineers  in  the  industry.  learn  about  arm  technology  directly  from  the  experts,  with  facetoface  and  online  training  options.  technical  resources  for  arm  products,  services,  architecture,  and  technologies.  get  the  latest  news  on  arm  products  and  solutions.  a  dedicated  website  for  mbed  os  developers  and  the  mbed  forum  for  detailed  discussions.  latest  updates  from  the  device  management  forum  and  access  to  documentation  and  other  resources.  arm  education  comprises  of  the  arm  university  program,  arm  education  media  and  the  arm  school  program.  arm  education  books  appeal  to  students  and  learners  as  they  progress  from
__label__productinspection novices  to  experts  in  armbased  system  design.  arm  research  program  supports  academic  and  industrial  researchers  across  a  wide  range  of  disciplines.  fast,  simple,  norisk  access  to  build  your  soc  using  the  worlds  most  proven  ip.  arm  pelion  iot  platform  delivers  flexible,  secure  and  efficient  devicetodata  solution  for  iot.  our  business  is  foundational  technology.  our  leaders  are  the  foundation  we  build  on.  join  the  team  with  the  skills  and  talent  to  make  billions  of  lives  better.  get  the  latest  news  on  arm  and  our  product  and  services.  visit  arm  at  tradeshows,  seminars,  workshops,  webinar  and  technical  symposia.  an  overview  of  arm
__label__productinspection technology  and  financial  summary  based  on  arm  performance.  website  terms  and  policies.  the  foundation  of  our  compliance  program  and  a  valuable  source  of  information  for  everyone  at  arm  to  be  familiar  with.  see  how  arm  creates  positive  change  at  scale  through  people,  innovation,  investment,  and  leadership.  arm  adheres  to  section  54  of  the  uk  modern  slavery  act  2015.  110  fulbourn  road  cambridge,  uk  cb1  9nj  tel:  44  1223  400  400  fax:  441223  400  410  arm  executives  and  influencers  bring  insights  and  opinions  from  the  worlds  largest  compute  ecosystem.  to  succeed  in  harnessing  the  transformative  impact  of  iot,  companies  need  solutions
__label__productinspection that  can  fully  address  the  complexity  and  fragmentation  that  exists  today:device  diversity,  security,  power  efficiency,  standardbased  communications  and  scalability.  arm  provides  software  solutions  and  preintegrated  subsystems  that  meet  these  needs  and  enable  customers  and  partners  to  design  and  deploy  flexible  iot  solutions  quickly.  the  pelion  iot  platform  is  a  flexible,  secure,  and  efficient  foundation  spanning  connectivity,  device,  and  data  management.  it  accelerates  the  time  to  value  of  your  iot  deployments  by  helping  you  easily  connect  trusted  iot  devices  on  global  networks,  invisibly  administer  them,  and  extract  realtime  data  from  them  to  drive  competitive  advantage.  connectivity  management  allows  easy,  secure,  and
__label__productinspection costeffective  connection  of  iot  devices  on  multiple  network  standards  with  a  single  global  mobility  contract.  device  management  enables  secure  and  reliable  onboarding,  connection,  updates,  and  lifecycle  management  of  different  types  of  connected  devices  deployed  on  premises  or  over  cloud.  data  management  makes  the  trusted  data  from  iot  devices  and  relevant  enterprise  data  accessible  for  predictive  insights  that  drive  dynamic  optimization  and  new  revenue  opportunities.  mbed  os  is  an  opensource,  embedded  operating  system  which  includes  all  the  necessary  features  to  facilitate  the  development  of  iot  connected  products,  including  standardsbased  security  and  connectivity  stacks,  an  rtos,  and  drivers  for  sensors  and  i/o
__label__productinspection devices.  system  on  chip  soc  designers  now  manage  the  creation  of  increasingly  complex  iot  chips.  they  need  to  integrate  many  ip  components,  all  with  the  right  level  of  security.  arms  range  of  iot  soc  solutions  provide  designers  with  a  solid  foundation  for  building  soc,  integrating  processors,  security,  system  ip  and  connectivity  in  one  kit.  designers  can  build  upon  this  kit,  enabling  them  toaccelerate  time  to  market  securely  and  efficiently.  arm  kigen  provides  sim  solutions  designed  to  unlock  cellular  connectivity  for  the  iot.  it  includes  device  and  server  side  software  solutions  enabling  full  integration  of  sim  functionality  to  modern  iot  soc
__label__productinspection designs,  and  flexible  remote  provisioning  for  mnos,  oems  and  iot  platform  providers.  a  layered  approach  to  securing  iot  devices  is  essential.  an  effective  iot  device  network  needs  a  secure  foundation  with  defenseindepth  built  into  its  core,  which  extends  throughout  the  system.  our  portfolio  of  security  ip,  firmware,  software  and  partnerships  provide  effective  countermeasures  against  todays  threats  and  help  customers  secure  devices  from  chiptocloud.  stuck  with  security  and  looking  for  the  right  place  to  start?  the  platform  security  architecture  psa  is  an  architectureagnostic  framework  to  secure  devices  from  the  ground  up.  it  offers  a  fourphase  approach  which  acts  as  a  convenient
__label__productinspection and  practical  starting  point  for  achieving  a  securebydesign  product.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  rapidly  disrupting  markets  and  transforming  business  strategies.  our  free  book,  iot  solutions  for  dummies,  offers  key  insights  into  what  organizations  need  to  consider  as  they  begin  to  undertake  iot  deployments.  this  section  is  blocked  in  your  country  important  information  for  the  arm  website.  this  site  uses  cookies  to  store  information  on  your  computer.  by  continuing  to  use  our  site,  you  consent  to  our  cookies.  if  you  are  not  happy  with  the  use  of  these  cookies,  please  review  our  to  learn  how  they  can  be  disabled.
__label__productinspection a  bigger  and  stronger  internet  read  the  internet  societys  roadmap  for  our  work  ahead  and  lets  join  together  to  support  our  vision  that  the  internet  is  for  everyone.  learn  what  it  takes  to  build  and  sustain  your  own  community  network  at  a  local  community  network  summit.  we  launched  a  new  online  tool  that  measures  the  level  of  networks  compliance  to  manrs.  did  you  know  that  the  open  standards  that  power  the  internet  are  created  by  the  internet  engineering  task  force  ietf?  do  you  want  to  join  us  in  building  a  bigger,  stronger  internet?  read  our  open  job  descriptions.  privacy  regulations
__label__productinspection around  the  world  are  evolving.  we  looked  at  1,200  privacy  statements  to  see  if  organizations  are  ready.  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  is  the  latest  wave  of  integration  of  technology  into  our  lives  and  surroundings.  this  rapidlyspreading  new  generation  of  devices  brings  cameras,  microphones,  sensors,  computing,  and  network  access  into  noncomputer  products.  it  extends  into  the  home,  retail  and  public  spaces,  enabling  new  forms  of  interaction,  entertainment,  commerce,  and  communication.  connected  devices  undermine  a  fundamental  principle  of  privacy:  the  ability  to  keep  contexts  separate  from  one  another  as  we  choose.  this  is  especially  significant  in  the  case  of  home
__label__productinspection and  wearable  iot  devices,  because  of  the  strong  presumptions  of  privacy  we  associate  with  the  contexts  of  home  and  body.  there  are  many  estimates  as  to  the  value  and  size  of  the  iot  market,  but  it  is  enough  to  say  that  their  social  and  economic  impact  will  be  significant,  and  the  spaces  we  inhabit  are  becoming  more  populated  with  connected  devices.  while  consumer  iot  devices  will  undoubtedly  be  fun  and  may  enhance  our  daily  lives,  they  will  also  introduce  a  host  of  new  privacy  issues,  and  amplify  existing  ones.  iot  devices  will  encroach  upon  traditionally  private  spaces  such  as  the
__label__productinspection home,  and  extend  the  data  collection  practices  of  the  online  world  into  the  offline  world.  the  number  and  nature  of  sensors  being  introduced  will  bring  data  collection  ever  closer  to  our  bodies  and  intimate  spaces.  the  intimacy  and  ubiquity  of  iot  will  raise  issues  of  control,  consent  and  transparency,  and  increasingly  erode  the  boundary  between  the  private  and  the  public  spheres.  this  policy  brief  identifies  the  key  privacy  challenges  and  risks  arising  from  iot  devices  in  our  homes,  workplaces,  public  spaces,  and  on  our  person.  we  make  recommendations  for  affirmative  actions  that  policymakers,  iot  service  providers  and  other  stakeholders  can
__label__productinspection take  to  address  these  challenges.  the  primary  scope  is  consumer  iot,  though  many  of  the  key  considerations  and  recommendations  can  be  applied  more  broadly.  this  document  also  serves  as  a  complement  to  the  internet  societys  policy  brief  on  iot  security.  while  there  is  no  single,  agreedupon  definition,  for  the  purposes  of  this  paper  the  term  internet  of  things  refers  to  scenarios  where  network  connectivity  and  computing  capability  extends  to  objects,  sensors  and  everyday  items  not  normally  considered  computers,  allowing  these  devices  to  generate,  exchange  and  consume  data  with  minimal  human  intervention.  iot  includes  consumer  products,  durable  goods,  cars  and  trucks,
__label__productinspection industrial  and  utility  components,  sensors,  and  more.  it  presents  a  new  way  for  users  to  interact  with  the  network,  using  devices  that  are  not  limited  to  traditional  computers,  smartphones,  and  laptops.  privacy  is  a  key  factor  in  trust  relationships.  when  we  disclose  data  to  others,  we  are  implicitly  or  otherwise  trusting  them  not  to  use  it  in  ways  that  conflict  with  our  interests.  as  we  will  note  in  the  following  section,  privacy  is  linked  to  the  context  in  which  we  disclose  data.  in  the  context  of  iot,  privacy  boils  down  to  two  things:  either  we  trust  third  parties  not  to
__label__productinspection abuse  the  data  generated  by  our  use  of  connected  objects,  or  we  rely  on  the  ability  to  control  the  collection  and  use  of  that  data.  in  the  iot  domain,  privacy  therefore  carries  strong  implications  of  trust,  transparency  and  control:  privacy  is  a  social  value  as  well  as  an  individualistic  one:  it  supports  and  empowers  people  with  the  option  to  withdraw  from  the  gaze  of,  and  interactions  with,  others  at  will,  and  the  right  to  respect  for  their  personal  space,  to  create  solitude  and  reserve  from  others.  this  right  is  reflected  in  both  the  universal  declaration  of  human  rights  udhr,  article
__label__productinspection 12  and  the  european  convention  on  human  rights  echr,  article  8  .  in  keeping  with  this  right  to  privacy,  individuals  should  be  able  to  enjoy  the  benefits  of  consumer  iot  either  with  as  little  privacy  risk  as  possible,  or  having  made  a  clear,  informed  judgement  about  risk  and  benefit.  consumer  trust  in  iot  potentially  affects  consumer  trust  in  general,  and  trust  in  the  internet  in  particular.  championing  strong  user  control  and  meaningful  choice,  better  notification  methods,  greater  transparency,  and  fitforpurpose  governance  instruments  will  help  safeguard  privacy  and  trust  in  the  iot.  iot  is  characterised  by  a  number  of  factors:  these
__label__productinspection factors  have  an  impact  on  privacy.  they  make  it  easier  for  the  individual  to  be:  iot  is  typified  by  increased  sensor  scale  and  proximity.  the  decreasing  cost  both  of  sensors  and  of  the  computational  cost  of  collecting,  analyzing,  and  sharing  their  data  is  fueling  a  proliferation  of  cameras,  microphones,  infrared  detectors,  accelerometers  and  other  sensor  technologies.  the  scale  and  diversity  of  sensors  entering  the  human  environment  is  greater  than  we  have  ever  known.  related  to  this  is  the  proximity  of  these  sensors  to  the  human  body,  allowing  closeup  monitoring  of  peoples  faces,  bodies  and  movement.  these  examples  illustrate  the  way
__label__productinspection in  which  ubiquitous,  often  inconspicuous  devices  represent  a  fundamental  change  in  our  concept  of  context.  where  the  home  used  to  be  a  private  space,  iot  now  makes  it  accessible  to  third  parties  even,  sometimes,  with  no  action  on  the  part  of  the  individual:  if  i  visit  a  friend,  how  am  i  to  know  that  his  connected  devices  are  capturing  and  processing  our  conversation?  if  i  give  my  child  a  talking  doll,  am  i  in  fact  introducing  a  commercial  third  party  into  that  childs  bedroom?  connected  devices  undermine  a  fundamental  principle  of  privacy:  the  ability  to  keep  contexts  separate  from  one
__label__productinspection another  as  we  choose.  this  is  especially  significant  in  the  case  of  home  and  wearable  iot  devices,  because  of  the  strong  presumptions  of  privacy  we  associate  with  the  contexts  of  home  and  body.  in  some  countries,  like  the  united  states,  privacy  and  data  protection  rules  tend  to  be  divided  into  silos:  medical  privacy,  financial  privacy,  student  privacy,  and  so  on.  iot  devices  and  services,  however,  do  not  fall  neatly  into  regulatory  categories.  for  example,  consumer  wearable  devices  might  generate  health  information,  but  not  be  covered  by  medical  data  laws.  cars  are  subject  to  many  forms  of  regulation  safety,  environmental,  etc.,
__label__productinspection but  none  of  those  will  necessarily  cover  the  privacy  aspects  of  connected  vehicles  and  the  data  to  which  they  give  rise.  similarly,  some  regions,  countries,  states,  or  cities  may  decide  to  regulate  different  privacy  aspects  of  iot  devices  and  services,  in  ways  that  do  not  apply  outside  those  areas.  this  challenge  is  greatly  amplified  by  the  distributed  nature  of  the  internet.  collection,  processing,  interpretation  and  application  of  the  resulting  data  could  all  take  place  in  different  jurisdictions,  with  different  applicable  rules  and  regulations.  wherever  iot  is  deployed  in  the  home,  in  retail  spaces,  in  public  areas  peoples  faces,  identities,  and
__label__productinspection utterances  can  be  collected.  for  everyone  except  the  device  owner,  gaining  informed  consent  to  be  recorded  will  be  almost  impossible.  even  for  the  device  owner,  this  is  compounded  by  the  fact  that,  for  many  iot  devices,  the  interface  exposed  to  the  user  neither  reveals,  nor  offers  control  over  the  data  and  functionality  available  to  the  service  provider.  its  a  challenge  to  make  people  aware  of  the  presence  of  iot  devices,  particularly  when  they  are  in  spaces  controlled  by  others,  and  especially  hard  to  give  people  the  ability  to  opt  out  of  passive  data  collection.  wearable  devices  go  with  people  from
__label__productinspection their  home  to  their  car  to  their  place  of  work  to  where  they  socialize  .  iot  devices  in  the  home  share  data  with  third  parties  outside  the  home.  people  entering  someone  elses  home  or  other  public  or  private  space  may  not  be  aware  that  their  image,  voice,  or  actions  are  being  recorded  and  transmitted  to  third  parties.  activities  in  the  home  will  become  datafied  and  transmitted  as  soon  as  they  are  collected.  one  of  the  key  selling  points  of  iot  devices  is  that  they  look  like  familiar  things:  watches,  clock  radios,  speakers,  televisions,  bathroom  scales,  and  so  on.  cameras  and
__label__productinspection microphones  are  often  merely  tiny  black  circles  or  holes  in  the  device.  as  such,  their  monitoring  and  recording  capabilities  are  often  opaque  and  hidden.  there  may  be  little  or  no  indication  of  when  the  device  is  recording,  what  is  happening  to  the  resulting  information,  where  is  it  sent,  who  has  access  to  it,  how  its  use  can  be  controlled,  and  whether  it  can  be  deleted.  the  principle  of  transparency  is  embedded  in  most  privacy  and  data  protection  frameworks  but  some  characteristics  of  iot  are  at  odds  with  this  principle.  1.  iot  devices  present  user  notification  and  comprehension  challenges.  since  consumer
__label__productinspection iot  devices  are  often  small  and  resemble  the  connectionless  devices  they  replace,  they  often  do  not  have  much  in  the  way  of  screens  or  other  user  interfaces,  although  some  connect  to  apps  on  smartphones  for  this  purpose.  this  causes  several  problems.  first,  unlike  websites,  many  iot  devices  have  no  practical  way  to  display  their  privacy  policies  at  best  these  are  included  in  their  packaging,  and  at  worst  they  are  only  accessible  after  opening  and  installing  the  device  with  many  smart  tvs  as  a  prominent  example  or  there  may  be  a  link  to  the  manufacturers  website  somewhere  in  the  documentation.  second,
__label__productinspection iot  devices  may  not  have  good  ways  of  notifying  people  that  they  are  collecting  data,  or,  as  in  the  case  of  driving,  may  not  be  able  to  notify  at  certain  times  due  to  valid  concerns  about  causing  harm  to  users,  such  as  by  distracting  drivers.  to  make  matters  worse,  emerging  research  shows  that  some  iot  service  providers  privacy  policy  statements  are  hard  to  find,  vague  about  device  capabilities,  and  opaque  about  data  collection.  2.  as  more  devices  are  introduced  with  iot  features,  it  will  be  harder  for  consumers  to  decline  those  features.  as  the  cost,  size,  and  complexity  of  including
__label__productinspection sensors  and  networking  capabilities  continues  to  fall  and  become  normalized,  certain  products  may  simply  no  longer  be  available  in  dumb  versions.  consumers  cannot  vote  with  their  wallets  if  theres  no  privacyrespecting  alternative  on  the  market.  3.  iot  has  an  impact  on  children.  devices  in  the  home  and  in  public  generally  do  not  discriminate  well  between  adults  and  children.  an  amazon  echo  picks  up  the  voices  of  children  as  it  does  adults.  high  profile  news  stories  about  connected  toys  reveal  serious  security  vulnerabilities  that  could  put  children  at  risk.  as  the  human  environment  becomes  more  saturated  with  sensors  and  microphones,  childrens
__label__productinspection activities  and  data  are  at  risk  of  indiscriminate  collection  and  monitoring,  by  commercial  third  parties  whose  presence  and  role  are  not  evident  to  the  individual.  the  abovementioned  challenges  require  action  by  multiple  stakeholders  sometimes  collaboratively  such  as  on  guidance,  consent  and  market  choice.  many  privacy  measures  and  risk  mitigations,  in  particular,  require  collaborative  action  by  multiple  stakeholder  groups.  accordingly,  in  this  section,  we  set  out  a  number  of  principles  and  actions,  which  apply  across  the  stakeholder  groups.  these  include  governments,  service  providers,  data  controllers  and  the  supply  chain  of  designers,  manufacturers  and  implementers  who  bring  iot  products  and  services  to
__label__productinspection the  consumer  market.  the  recommendations  apply  to  all  those  developing  and  implementing  privacy  policy  for  consumer  iot,  whether  through  laws,  industry  selfregulation,  corporate  privacy  policies,  or  privacy  standards.  where  appropriate,  we  relate  recommendations  to  the  corresponding  principle  in  the  internet  society/online  trust  alliance  iot  trust  framework.  because  of  the  pervasive  nature  of  iot,  governments  have  a  role  to  play  in  ensuring  that  devices  and  services  do  not  expose  citizens  to  individual  or  collective  risk,  harm  privacy,  or  exacerbate  vulnerability  or  discrimination.  that  role  may  involve  both  direct  intervention  through  legislation  and  regulation,  and  indirect  intervention  encouraging,  motivating  and  empowering  other
__label__productinspection key  stakeholders  to  play  their  respective  roles.  for  example,  governments  can  facilitate  consumer  education,  awarenessraising,  and  understanding  of  privacy  risks  and  mitigations,  even  if  the  education  itself  is  provided  by  other  parties.  governments  can  also  promote  selfregulation,  as  one  approach  towards  ensuring  that  service  providers  respect  consumers  interests  and  cultivate  the  trust  needed  for  market  acceptance.  in  cases  where  market  forces,  on  their  own,  fail  to  provide  a  compelling  incentive  for  service  providers  and  data  controllers  to  improve  best  practice,  government  intervention  may  be  appropriate  to  prevent  or  correct  for  market  failure  for  instance  to  ensure  that  bad  actors  are
__label__productinspection held  accountable  for  poor  data  handling  practices,  or  that  consumer  protection  laws  are  effectively  enforced.  the  role  of  market  forces  in  iot  is  examined  in  the  internet  society  paper  economics  of  security  of  consumer  grade  iot  products  and  services.  principle:  enhance  meaningful  user  control  of  iot  devices  and  services,  and  the  management  of  the  data  they  collect  privacy  by  design  pbd  empowers  users  by  giving  them  agency:  the  ability  to  shape  their  informational  lives,  the  flow  of  their  personal  data  and  the  data  collection  environment  they  inhabit.  iot  devices  can  and  should  do  more  to  help  users  see  and  control
__label__productinspection the  data  their  devices  generate  but  this  takes  careful  design.  controls  that  are  too  detailed  may  offer  great  protection,  but  if  they  reduce  convenience  and  are  hard  to  use,  users  are  likely  to  ignore  them.  designers  devote  great  ingenuity  to  making  iot  devices  useful  and  convenient:  they  should  apply  the  same  creativity  to  the  design  of  privacy  controls.  principle:  information  to  users  should  enhance  transparency  and  control  by  being  clear,  accurate,  relevant,  and  appropriately  detailed.  principle:  update  privacy  laws  and  policies  to  reflect  the  new  world  of  pervasive  sensors  and  continuous  monitoring.  principle:  address  the  diversity  of  iot  risks  and
__label__productinspection benefits,  by  broadening  the  range  of  participants  in  the  iot  governance  debate.  iot  is  poised  to  transform  economies  and  societies  worldwide.  the  technology  brings  enormous  opportunities  but  also  significant  risks.  we  are  at  a  critical  moment  when  we  need  to  take  steps  to  ensure  that  the  benefits  of  iot  outweigh  the  privacy  risks,  but  that  will  require  collaborative  effort  from  all  stakeholders,  including  policymakers,  manufacturers,  and  consumers,  so  that  the  opportunities  represented  by  iot  are  sustainably  and  responsibly  developed.  internet  society,  iot  security  for  policymakers  2018,  internet  society,  ota  iot  trust  framework  2018,  gilad  rosner  and  erin  kenneally,  privacy  and
__label__productinspection the  internet  of  things:  emerging  frameworks  for  policy  and  design  2018,  scott  peppet,  regulating  the  internet  of  things:  first  steps  toward  managing  discrimination,  privacy,  security  consent  2014,  broadband  internet  technical  advisory  group  bitag,  internet  of  things  security  and  privacy  recommendations  2016,  office  of  the  privacy  commissioner  of  canada,  the  internet  of  things:  an  introduction  to  privacy  issues  with  a  focus  on  the  retail  and  home  environments  2016,  us  federal  trade  commission,  internet  of  things:  privacy  security  in  a  connected  world  2015,  us  national  telecommunications  and  information  administration,  fostering  the  advancement  of  the  internet  of  things  2017  ibm  forecast  one  trillion
__label__productinspection connected  devices  by  2015:  making  markets:  smarter  planet,  ibm  investor  briefing,  may  9,  2012,  ;  in  2011  cisco  anticipated  50  billion  devices  by  2020:  the  internet  of  things:  how  the  next  evolution  of  the  internet  is  changing  everything,  cisco  white  paper,  ;  gartner  research  claimed  8.4  billion  devices  in  2017  and  expect  20  billion  in  2020:  gartner  says  8.4  billion  connected  things  will  be  in  use  in  2017,  up  31  percent  from  2016,  https://www.internetsociety.org/wpcontent/uploads/2018/04/iotsecurityforpolicymakers20180419en.pdf  for  more  internet  society  resources,  see  our  iot  page  and  the  internet  of  things  iot:  an  overview  linked  from  that  page.  your  digital  footprint  is  the
__label__productinspection trail  you  leave  behind  as  you  use  the  internet.  comments  on  social  media,  voip  calls,  app  use  and  email  records  its  part  of  your  online  history  and  can  potentially  be  seen  by  other  people,  or  tracked  in  a  database.  law  review  article  published  in  1890  by  samuel  warren  and  later  us  supreme  court  justice  louis  brandeis,  as  cited  in  arizona  law  review  article  the  invention  of  the  right  to  privacy  no  one  shall  be  subjected  to  arbitrary  interference  with  his  privacy,  family,  home  or  correspondence,  nor  to  attacks  upon  his  honour  and  reputation.  udhr,  art.12  everyone  has  the  right  to
__label__productinspection respect  for  his  private  and  family  life,  his  home  and  his  correspondence.  echr,  art.8  see  future  of  privacy  forum  work  privacy  as  contextual  integrity  helen  nissenbaum,  washington  law  review,  2004  a  recent  example  in  california  us  is  their  iot  privacy  bill  french  intelligence  staff  geolocated  by  their  fitness  trackers:  datafication  refers  to  the  transformation  of  attributes,  activities  and  behaviors  in  the  physical  world  into  data  that  can  be  readily  analyzed.  see  see,  for  example,  article  29  working  party,  guidelines  on  transparency  under  regulation  2016/679  at  see  peppet,  regulating  the  internet  of  things:  first  steps  toward  managing  discrimination,  privacy,  security  consent,
__label__productinspection pp.  131132  at  see  rosner  and  kenneally,  clearly  opaque:  privacy  risks  of  the  internet  of  things,  pp.  5659  at  amazon  has  released  a  childspecific  version  of  the  echo  called  echo  dot  kids  edition,  prompting  two  members  of  the  us  congress  to  ask  amazon  about  its  privacy  characteristics:  see  e.g.,  de  freytastamura,  the  brighteyed  talking  doll  that  just  might  be  a  spy  at  internet  society  /  online  trust  alliance  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  25  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  32  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  33  see  us  federal  trade  commission  ftc  workshop,  putting
__label__productinspection disclosures  to  the  test,  at  ;  and  schaub,  et  al.,  a  design  space  for  effective  privacy  notices,  at  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  28  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  29  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  22  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  31  see  for  example  the  usable  privacy  policy  project:  ,  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  19  internet  society  /  ota  iot  trust  framework  principle  21  see  peppet,  regulating  the  internet  of  things:  first  steps  toward  managing  discrimination,  privacy,  security  consent,  pp.  131132  at  for
__label__productinspection instance,  researchers  might  reverse  engineer  a  proprietary  iot  system  in  order  to  be  able  to  monitor  the  behavior,  communications  patterns  and  data  disclosures  of  a  device.  this  years  survey  focuses  on  the  security  and  privacy  of  the  internet  of  things  iotthe  rapidly  expanding  network  of  devices,  physical  objects,  services  and  applications  that  communicate  over  the  internet.  this  new  research  from  consumers  international  and  the  internet  society  explored  consumer  perceptions  and  attitudes  towards  trust,  security  and  the...  abstract:  the  increasing  popularity  of  specialized  internetconnected  devices  and  appliances,  dubbed  the  internetofthings  iot,  promises  both  new  conveniences  and  new...  follow  us:
__label__productinspection youve  likely  heard  the  term  internet  of  things  at  some  point  from  a  colleague,  an  article,  or  an  advertisement.  but  the  term  is  broad  and  can  cover  an  overwhelming  amount  of  information.  in  short,  the  internet  of  things  refers  to  the  rapidly  growing  network  of  connected  objects  that  are  able  to  collect  and  exchange  data  using  embedded  sensors.  thermostats,  cars,  lights,  refrigerators,  and  more  appliances  can  all  be  connected  to  the  iot.  to  help  clarify  how  the  internet  of  things  works,  weve  laid  outsome  applications  for  the  iot,  along  with  some  specific  devices  and  examples.  ,  business  insiders  premium  research
__label__productinspection service,  is  keeping  its  finger  on  the  pulse  of  this  ongoing  revolution  by  conducting  our  third  annual  ,  which  provides  us  with  critical  insights  on  the  most  pivotal  new  developments  within  the  iot  and  explains  how  toplevel  perspectives  are  changing  year  to  year.  our  survey  includes  nearly  400  responses  from  key  executives  around  the  world,  including  csuite  and  directorlevel  respondents.  through  this  exclusive  study  and  indepth  research  into  the  field,  business  insider  intelligence  details  the  components  that  make  up  the  iot  ecosystem.  we  size  the  iot  market  and  use  exclusive  data  to  identify  key  trends  in  the  connected  devices  sector.
__label__productinspection and  we  profile  the  enterprise,  governmental,  and  consumer  iot  segments  individually,  drilling  down  into  the  drivers  and  characteristics  that  are  shaping  each  market.  interested  in  getting  the  full  report?  here  are  two  ways  to  access  it:  premium  the  choice  is  yours.  but  however  you  decide  to  acquire  this  report,  youve  given  yourself  a  powerful  advantage  in  your  understanding  of  the  fastmoving  world  of  the  iot.
__label__productinspection learn  more  from  tech  tips  to  financial  risks  visit  deloitte  insights  key  opportunities,  trends,  and  challenges  looking  ahead,  staying  ahead  timely  insights  to  inform  your  agenda.  get  daily  updates  on  your  mobile  device  experience  deloitte  in  a  new  way  through  our  augmented  reality  app.  discover  deloitte  and  learn  more  about  our  people  and  culture.  have  you  already  applied  for  a  job?  you  can  now  update  your  candidate  profile  here.  even  if  your  devices  and  products  look  the  same  as  they  did  before  they  got  smart  and  connected,  theyre  fundamentally  differentnow  theyre  members  of  a  larger  community  of  products,  processes,  and
__label__productinspection stakeholders.  making  objects  capable  of  filling  those  new  roles  is  a  serious  design  challenge.  to  receive  iot  insights.  the  internet  of  things  collection  product  connectivity  has  been  part  of  our  daily  lives  for  decades.  an  automated  door  is  connected  because  a  pressure  sensor  detected  the  presence  of  foot  traffic  and  instructed  the  door  to  open  accordinglyan  example  of  an  openloop  connected  system.  a  thermostat  is  connected  because  a  sensor  detected  that  room  temperature  was  above  or  below  a  set  point,  thereby  instructing  a  furnace  to  turn  on  or  off  depending  on  the  temperaturean  example  of  a  closedloop  connected  system.  in
__label__productinspection the  preiot  days,  these  systems  were  connected  in  that  they  performed  limited  functions  based  on  what  a  sensor  detected.  but  they  did  not  typically  communicate  with  other  parts  of  a  larger  ecosystem,  and  thus  companies  had  trouble  collecting  data  about  usage,  customer  behavior,  and  performance.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  ushered  in  an  age  of  connectivity,  one  that  enables  objects  to  function  in  new,  expanded  ways.  iot  technology  allows  objects  to  communicate  with  each  other  continuously,  forming  large,  interconnected  systems  capable  of  creating,  communicating,  aggregating,  analyzing,  and  acting  on  data.  this,  in  turn,  opens  up  a  world  of  opportunity
__label__productinspection for  connected  objects  that  can  better  serve  customers  individual  needs  and  gather  data  to  drive  the  development  of  more  tailored  services.  developers  can  use  data  gathered  via  iotenabled  devices  for  a  range  of  applications,  from  consumer  goods  that  make  a  home  more  efficient  to  industrial  systems  that  can  enhance  asset  management.  the  casual  observer  may  see  nothing  different  about  a  product  once  it  becomes  smart.  but  that  product  is  fundamentally  different:  it  is  now  a  member  of  a  larger  community  of  products,  processes,  and  stakeholders,  expected  to  do  more  and  fill  more  roles  than  ever  before.  iot  technology  transforms  the
__label__productinspection product  and  everything  within  it.  as  connectivity  expands  a  products  role  and  functionality,  it  only  makes  sense  that  its  original  design  might  prove  limiting.  and  new  smart  products  need  to  incorporate  iot  technology  from  the  beginning.  so  product  design  is  a  way  not  only  to  fashion  smart  products  but  also  to  create  an  effective  connected  system.  an  industrial  sensor  must  generate  a  much  broader  range  of  data  than  preiot  models  and,  then,  be  able  to  securely  communicate  that  information.  a  fitness  tracker  needs  to  incorporate  sufficient  memory  and  sensors  to  collect  useful  data  as  well  as  a  reliable  connection  to
__label__productinspection a  smartphone  or  computerall  while  looking  and  feeling  attractive  to  shoppers.  this  article  examines  four  significant  ways  in  which  iot  technology  has  transformed  the  nature  of  products  and,  by  extension,  product  design.  we  will  also  identify  the  accompanying  organizational  transformationsin  terms  of  people,  process,  and  technologythat  are  crucial  to  successful  product  design  in  the  iot  age.  the  internet  of  things  is  a  technology  architecture.  it  is  a  specific  way  of  stitching  together  a  suite  of  new  and  existing  technologies  to  turn  almost  any  object  into  a  source  of  information  about  that  object.  this  creates  both  a  new  way  to  differentiate
__label__productinspection products  and  services  and  a  new  source  of  value  that  can  be  managed  in  its  own  right.  at  the  same  time,  it  creates  challenges  for  product  designers  as  they  seek  to  create  usefuland  usableobjects  that  can  accommodate  the  added  complexity  that  goes  along  with  connectivity.  in  order  to  understand  the  full  nature  of  those  design  challenges,  we  must  first  understand  exactly  how  iot  technology  enables  those  new  products  and  services.  since  the  value  in  connected  products  comes  from  their  information  about  the  world,  modeling  the  flow  of  information  through  the  system  is  a  good  way  to  illustrate  the  architecture.  deloittes
__label__productinspection information  value  loop  illustrates  how  iot  technology  links  together  enabling  technologies  to  create  new  value  for  companies  and  customers  see  figure  1.  note  first  that  the  value  loop  is  a  loop:  an  actionthe  state  or  behavior  of  things  in  the  real  worldgenerates  information,  which  then  gets  manipulated  in  order  to  inform  future  action.  for  information  to  complete  the  loop  and  create  value,  it  passes  through  the  loops  stages,  each  enabled  by  specific  technologies.  a  sensor  creates  information  and  is  communicated  within  a  network,  and  standardstechnical,  legal,  regulatory,  or  socialallow  the  data  to  be  aggregated  across  time  and  space.  analytical  support
__label__productinspection is  collectively  used  to  analyze  information.  the  loop  is  completed  via  augmented  behavior  technologies  that  either  enable  automated  autonomous  action  or  shape  human  decisions  in  a  manner  that  leads  to  improved  action.  the  amount  of  value  created  by  information  passing  through  the  loop  is  a  function  of  the  value  drivers  identified  in  the  middle.  falling  into  three  general  categories:  magnitudehow  much  data  is  needed;  riskhow  reliable  and  accurate  must  that  data  be;  and  timehow  quickly  the  data  is  needed.  these  value  drivers  may  offer  a  good  starting  point  for  product  designers  as  they  begin  to  unravel  what  customers  truly  need
__label__productinspection in  an  iot  product,  and  what  may  be  extraneous  features.  connectivity  brings  fundamental  changes  even  in  the  world  before  iot  connectivity,  a  product  designer  had  many  things  to  consider:  who  would  be  using  the  product,  how,  when,  and  whyand,  perhaps,  how  it  might  look  in  a  tv  ad  or  on  a  store  shelf.  the  objects  desired  lifespan  and  any  risks  associated  with  its  use  could  also  shift  design  requirements.  iot  connectivity  adds  to  the  process  an  additional  layer  of  complexity  and,  thus,  challenge.  connectivity  reshapes  the  challenges  and  complexity  of  product  design;  the  interconnectedness  that  defines  the  technology  imposes  new
__label__productinspection requirements.  we  can  begin  to  categorize  the  impact  of  iot  technology  on  productsand  product  designinto  four  main  transformations:  in  this  section,  we  examine  these  transformations  and  the  ways  in  which  they  impact  product  design.  with  iot  enablement  of  a  physical  product,  embedded  sensors  are  able  to  capture  and  transmit  data  about  that  product  over  a  network.  the  system  then  analyzes  the  data  and,  based  on  that  analysis,  takes  action.  the  information  the  product  generates  is  as  important  as  the  physical  product  itself.  in  that  sense,  there  is  a  marriage  of  the  physical  and  digital  worlds:  each  component  is  equally  essential
__label__productinspection to  the  function,  and  value  proposition,  of  the  connected  object.  while  this  union  of  the  digital  and  physical  brings  with  it  a  host  of  user  benefitsincluding  more  efficient  products  tailored  to  the  users  behavior  and  demonstrated  preferences  it  significantly  complicates  the  design  process.  connectivity  means  the  product  must  be  able  not  only  to  create  and  communicate  information  but  to  act  on  it  autonomouslyin  turn  creating  and  communicating  new  information  that  enable  it  to  learn  and  adjust.  incorporating  these  capabilities  seamlessly  into  a  physical  object  such  that  the  object  can  reliably  interact  with  a  digital  network  while  still  remaining  userfriendlyor  outwardly
__label__productinspection relatively  simpleis  critical  to  designing  a  smart  object.  indeed,  the  importance  of  userfriendliness  and  simplicity  cannot  be  overstated.  even  while  making  an  object  smart,  the  designer  cannot  lose  sight  of  the  customer,  her  mindset,  and  how  she  will  use  the  product.  one  particular  concern  that  derives  from  the  convergence  of  the  physical  and  digital  may  be  some  customers  wariness  of  smart  objects;  iotenabled  objects  can  inspire  strong  psychological  reactions  in  users,  who  may  fear  or  overcomplicate  a  hightech  object  that  is,  practically  speaking,  no  more  difficult  to  use  than  an  unconnected  object.  even  the  need  to  learn  a  few  extra
__label__productinspection steps  or  deviate  from  current  habits  may  deter  users  from  purchasing  a  connected  product,  much  less  signing  up  for  the  iotbased  system  of  which  the  object  is  a  component.  thus,  keeping  the  product  simple  to  useeven  while  its  capabilities  expandis  a  crucial  aspect  of  design.  an  iotenabled  thermostat  must  still  function  as  a  traditional  device;  a  smartphone  must  still  serve  as  an  easytouse  cell  phone  no  matter  how  many  new  features  developers  add;  a  connected  car  must  drive  normally  even  if  the  owner  elects  not  to  subscribe  to  all  the  available  navigation  and  entertainment  options.  in  the  world  of  connectivity,
__label__productinspection no  product  is  an  island.  an  iotenabled  object  will  necessarily  stay  connected  to  a  network  to  facilitate  the  communication  of  data.  indeed,  that  ability  to  stay  connected  and  communicate  data  regularlyif  not  constantlyconstitutes  much  of  a  smart  products  value  proposition.  at  one  level,  connectivity  invokes  purely  technical  issues  for  the  product  designer:  choice  of  network,  powerconsumption  considerations,  and  interoperability.  designers  creating  an  iotenabled  object  will  thus  need  to  account  for  the  need  to  stay  connected.  at  a  higher  level,  when  a  product  becomes  a  part  of  a  larger  iot  ecosystem,  the  components  that  make  connectivity  possible  are  as  much  a
__label__productinspection part  of  the  user  experience  as  the  physical  object  itselfand  must  be  as  secure  and  reliable.  for  all  of  the  value  it  adds,  connectivity  significantly  adds  to  the  ways  that  a  product  experience  can  fail.  if  the  components  in  a  connected  product  that  communicate  information  fail,  it  does  not  matter  that  the  rest  of  the  device  might  function  perfectly.  and  the  stakes  are  higher:  many  consumers  find  malfunctions  in  iotenabled  objects  particularly  disconcerting;  they  may  appreciate  the  benefits  of  physicaldigital  convergence,  but  they  expect  connected  products  to  function  as  reliably  as  previous  versions,  especially  since  connectivity  implies  new  susceptibility  to
__label__productinspection outside  interference.  individuals  may  be  relatively  tolerant  of  periodic  failures  in  nowfamiliar  web  browsers,  voiceover  ip,  or  appsfor  which  periodic  service  interruptions  can  seem  contextually  appropriatebut  they  tend  to  apply  their  same  high  expectations  about  the  reliability  of  previously  unconnected  objects  to  their  newly  iotenabled  counterparts.  beyond  its  impact  on  customers  mindset,  expectations  of  alwayson  connectivity  mean  that  the  implications  of  failures  or  compromises  in  connectivity  are  dramatically  more  farreaching  and  can  have  more  serious  consequences  than  unconnected  counterparts.  with  a  connected  medical  device  monitoring  patients  vital  signs  and  informing  decision  making  of  remotely  located  health  care  professionals,  a  failure
__label__productinspection in  connectivity  could  place  lives  at  risk.  a  connected  piece  of  factory  machinery  may  serve  as  the  linchpin  of  an  automated  manufacturing  process,  and  a  dropped  connection  might  shut  down  the  entire  factory.  a  smart  lock  that  loses  its  connection  may  refuse  to  unlock,  leaving  a  homeowner  unable  to  open  his  front  door.  when  a  product  is  connected  and  expected  to  be  always  on,  product  designers  must  prepare  for  the  consequences  of  malfunction  and  connectivity  loss.  they  must  do  so  across  multiple  dimensionsnot  only  the  object  itself  but  its  components  and,  potentially,  even  the  entities  with  which  it  interacts.  designers
__label__productinspection cannot  break  down  the  design  process  and  treat  each  component  separately.  rather,  they  must  understand  each  components  actions,  interactions,  and  even  security  and  legal  implications  as  a  part  of  the  larger  whole.  if  the  constant  connectivity  of  an  iot  system  makes  it  difficult  to  separate  a  products  physical  makeup  from  its  digital  components,  it  also  introduces  wider  interactions  that  complicate  design  even  further.  for  example,  consider  just  the  communications  protocols  needed  to  establish  the  alwayson  connectivity  that  iot  technology  demands.  the  manufacturers  of  a  connected  product  may  assemble  the  hardware  and  even  write  some  software  code.  however,  in  nearly  every
__label__productinspection case  they  will  use  an  established  communications  protocol  owned  by  another  company  or  foundation.  in  many  cases,  this  can  mean  using  thirdparty  signals  to  take  advantage  of  that  protocol.  as  connectivity  is  central  to  the  function  of  an  iotenabled  product,  this  means  that  most  connected  products  are  dependent  upon  external  groups  simply  to  work  as  designed.  but  this  external  dependency  extends  far  beyond  just  communication  protocols.  even  core  customer  interactions  may  be  mediated  by  external  elements.  with  typical  productssay,  a  traditional  lightbulbthe  interaction  between  customer  and  company  typically  ends  at  the  sales  counter.  a  connected  lightbulb,  by  contrast,  may  be
__label__productinspection a  part  of  a  larger  web  of  interactions  between  manufacturer,  distributor,  thirdparty  developers,  and  customer.  these  new  interactions  are  integral  to  the  function  of  the  productindeed,  the  whole  value  proposition  of  an  iotenabled  lightbulb  in  the  first  place.  this  increases  the  level  of  contact  the  company  must  have  with  the  customer,  as  well  as  all  the  other  stakeholders  in  the  system.  this,  in  turn,  ups  the  ante  considerably  for  the  manufacturer:  not  only  must  its  designers  create  a  product  that  can  interface  with  digital  systems  created  by  many  others  outside  its  direct  controlthey  must  design  a  product  and  process  capable
__label__productinspection of  sustaining  continuous,  ongoing  customertocompany  engagement.  in  this  way,  the  object  changes  from  simply  a  product  into  a  product  and  a  serviceor,  increasingly,  multiple  services.  the  amazon  echo,  for  example,  is  an  audio  device  with  a  speaker  and  set  of  microphonesin  other  words,  a  traditional  home  entertainment  gadget.  echos  value  lies  in  its  connected  web  service  and  software  platform,  which,  using  voice  recognition  and  artificial  intelligence  capabilities,  act  as  a  virtual  assistant  that  engages  digital  services  and  other  smart  home  devices  upon  command.  devices  expected  to  launch  in  late  2016,  aim  for  similar  functionality.  thus,  a  user  can  play  music,
__label__productinspection control  a  connected  thermostat,  or  summon  a  car  via  uber.  these  external  connections  are  core  to  echos  function  and  value:  if  the  connection  to  uber  and  other  services  is  dropped,  the  device  ceases  to  function.  this  enhancement  of  a  physical  product  with  diverseand  expandingdigital  capabilities  is  just  one  such  example  of  how  consumers  will  shift  to  engage  with  smart  objects  and,  also,  how  designers  should  account  for  multiple  demands  and  stakeholders.  in  this  case,  the  value  shifts  from  the  physical  object  to  its  operating  systemand  its  ability  to  interact  with  other  connected  systems.  nor  are  these  issues  limited  to  the
__label__productinspection world  of  consumer  products.  consider  flowserve,  which  manufactures  valves  and  other  fittings  for  hydraulic  lines.  where  customer  interactions  once  ended  with  valve  sales,  flowserve  now  offers  sensorenabled  valves  along  with  asaservice  valve  status  monitoring.  as  with  the  consumeroriented  echo,  this  shift  relies  on  a  host  of  external  interactions  beyond  the  physical  valve.  with  all  of  these  external  connections  being  critical  to  a  connected  products  functionality,  its  boundaries  extend  beyond  the  physical  plastic  case  or  steel  valve  to  encompass  communications  protocols,  apis,  and  other  components  that  may  not  be  under  designers  direct  control.  regardless,  designers  may  need  to  consideror  at  least
__label__productinspection take  into  accountthese  services  as  they  develop  products.  in  the  preconnected  world,  a  manufacturer  designed  a  product  and  released  it.  based  on  market  conditions,  user  feedback,  and  competitive  forces,  the  manufacturer  could  subsequently  design  and  release  updated  versions  of  that  product,  or  discontinue  it  altogether.  in  the  connected  world,  that  sense  of  control  and  predictability  changes:  now,  not  only  can  a  manufacturer  potentially  change  the  core  function  of  its  product  at  any  time  via  an  updatethirdparty  partners  can  do  the  same  thing  to  key  components,  such  as  apps.  the  forces  of  change  and  product  evolution  are  faster,  more  complex,  and
__label__productinspection further  outside  the  hands  of  the  manufacturer.  for  their  part,  designers  are  now  tasked  with  designing  an  object  that  can  not  only  adapt  to  unforeseen  updates  that  can  change  the  function  completely  but  can  also  accommodate  mismatched  life  cycles.  this  challenge  is  particularly  acute  for  iotenabled  objects.  while  a  traditional  products  components  may  have  differing  life  cyclesparticularly  in  the  case  of  objects  with  electronic  componentsthe  manufacturer  has  some  level  of  control  and  predictability,  along  with  component  lifespans  of  at  least  several  years.  with  connected  objects,  component  lifespans  can  vary  much  more  widely.  take,  for  example,  the  connected  car.  individuals  typically
__label__productinspection keep  newly  purchased  vehicles  for  at  least  five  or  six  yearsthe  average  car  on  an  american  road  is  nearly  a  dozen  years  old  but  digital  developers  push  updates  every  few  months,  or  even  more  frequently.  automakers  should  therefore  take  into  account  the  full  spectrum  of  life  cycles  as  they  consider  the  design  of  a  connected  car,  from  its  durable  frame  to  its  ability  to  accommodate  regular  technology  updates.  designers  must  even  anticipate  technological  developments  that  wont  arrive  for  several  yearsand,  when  they  do  get  here,  may  alter  various  car  features  and  functions  considerably  beyond  the  initial  intended  use.  with  digital
__label__productinspection product  update  cycles  becoming  ever  more  compressed,  this  problem  will  likely  only  intensify.  many  manufacturers  no  longer  have  the  luxury  of  time  and  predictability  in  attempting  to  sort  out  the  complex  ecosystems  in  which  their  products  exist.  evaluation  and  adaptation  of  design  must  be  a  continuous  process.  across  each  of  these  transformations,  a  common  theme  emerges:  connected  products  are  part  of  complex  and  everchanging  ecosystems  that  extend  well  beyond  the  product  itself.  designing  iotenabled  products,  therefore,  challenges  organizations  to  think  beyond  the  object  to  understand  exactly  how  those  complex  ecosystems  work.  it  requires  them  to  adaptand  to  develop  new  capabilities
__label__productinspection to  keep  up  with  the  pace  of  change.  the  issue  of  designing  for  the  iot  moves  beyond  the  contours  of  product  design  to  touch  on  organizational  design.  to  effectively  design  a  connected  product,  the  organization  should  first  consider  how  it  will  handle  the  transformations  that  iot  technology  imposes  on  product  design.  these  new  requirements  can,  in  turn,  result  in  a  shift  in  design  mindset,  responsibilities,  and  design  and  management  workflows.  to  accommodate  these  shifts,  the  organization  needs  to  evolve,  which  can  manifest  in  three  broad  ways:  people,  process,  and  technology.  it  is  important  to  note  that  the  changes  occurring  throughout
__label__productinspection the  organization  need  not  be  exclusive  to  just  one  of  these  pillarsparticularly  with  a  comprehensive  technology  such  as  the  iot.  rather,  evolutions  can  span  all  three,  and  each  can  bleed  into  the  other.  as  designers  begin  to  think  about  developing  a  connected,  smart  objector  adding  intelligence  to  a  previously  unconnected  productthey  will  need  to  develop  new  skills  to  enable  them  to  do  so.  these  can  include  programming  capabilities  or  app  designor  at  least,  the  ability  to  consider  the  need  for  those  features  in  a  product,  and  the  means  to  find  an  expert  resource  to  bring  those  features  to  life.  to
__label__productinspection this  end,  organizations  will  need  to  develop  networks  of  reliable  experts,  either  within  the  organization  or  via  external  specialists.  it  and  product  design  skills  dont  always  overlap,  and  a  traditional  consumer  products  company  looking  to  incorporate  iot  technology  for  the  first  time  may  need  to  bring  in  a  wider  range  of  digital  skills  such  as  programmers,  engineers  specializing  in  artificial  intelligence,  and  other  related  skill  sets.  on  the  other  hand,  a  software  company  looking  to  launch  its  first  connected  object  may  need  industrial  designers,  materials  scientists,  or  humanfactor  specialists  to  deal  with  the  physical  aspects  of  the  new  product.  always
__label__productinspection helpful:  individuals  who  can  visualize  the  design  in  bigpicture  terms  and  understand  how  the  components  fit  together  holistically.  as  these  skill  sets  and  talent  needs  come  to  life  within  an  organization,  it  will  then  be  important  to  consider  how  these  experts  and  specialties  will  work  together,  and  how  their  design  processes  will  evolve  to  accommodate  new  iotspecific  design  requirements.  in  a  connected  environment,  designers  concerns  hardly  stop  at  the  object  itself.  they  should  consider  the  data  that  usage  of  the  object  generatesthe  lifeblood  of  an  iot  system.  the  products  objective  is  no  longer  purely  physical,  and  the  information  it  generates
__label__productinspection helps  shape  a  new  value  propositionand  can  even  result  in  new,  ongoing  databased  service  offerings.  reorienting  the  design  process  to  focus  on  that  data  output  as  a  key  design  objective  may  also  mean  working  crossfunctionally  with  teams  that  understand  oncearcane  principlesfor  example,  data  analytics.  these  teams  can  thus  provide  insights  as  to  what  data  characteristicsfrequency,  scale,  scope,  and  othersare  most  important  to  consider.  this  can  enable  design  teams  to  create  products  capable  of  creating  and  communicating  the  right  data  effectively  and  efficiently.  sharing  and  thinking  collaboratively  and  crossfunctionally  can  require  shifts  that  go  beyond  individual  skills  to  the  organization  itself.
__label__productinspection indeed,  management  may  need  to  institute  processes  to  enable  broader  communication  across  teams,  backgrounds,  and  even  geographies.  this  can  also  impact  leadership:  senior  executives  may  need  to  reconsider  how  they  manage  crossfunctional  teams,  think  beyond  their  own  areas  of  expertise,  and  create  a  culture  that  prioritizes  innovative  product  design.  these  changes  in  team  organization,  design  considerations,  and  necessary  skill  sets  can  encourage  designers  to  incorporate  and  update  venerated  design  philosophies  to  accommodate  the  new  demands  of  iot  technology.  see  sidebar,  applying  design  philosophies  to  the  iot.  applying  design  philosophies  to  the  iot  there  are  nearly  as  many  design  philosophies  as
__label__productinspection there  are  designers.  no  single  philosophy  is  intrinsically  more  valid  than  any  other;  the  decision  to  use  any  particular  philosophy  depends  on  the  context,  and  sometimes  a  design  calls  for  more  than  one  approach.  several  philosophies  are  particularly  salient  to  iot  design:  systems  thinking.  to  bring  order  to  complexity,  designers  may  turn  to  a  design  philosophy  called  systems  thinking,  which  allows  engineers  and  designers  to  understand  the  boundaries  between  different  parts  of  a  product,  even  when  those  parts  can  be  separated  by  thousands  of  miles  and  owned  by  different  organizations.  systems  thinking  focuses  on  looking  at  the  object  as  part
__label__productinspection of  a  larger  ecosystem  rather  than  discrete  and  independent.  for  this  reason,  systems  thinking  is  well  suited  to  deal  with  complex  ecosystems  such  as  an  iotenabled  system.  design  thinking.  if  systems  thinking  is  fundamentally  about  understanding  the  complex  ecosystem  in  which  a  product  operates,  design  thinking  takes  this  concept  a  step  further,  urging  designers  to  picture  that  system  but  place  a  human  at  its  center.  in  doing  so,  designers  can  assess  the  needs,  wants,  and  dislikes  of  their  products  likely  user  and  meet  those  needs  not  only  with  the  product  itself  but  with  everything  around  it:  how  it  is  made,
__label__productinspection packaged,  and  sold,  and  all  of  the  other  connections  that  support  it.  lean  startup.  based  on  the  concept  of  fail  fast,  succeed  sooner,  lean  startup  focuses  on  rapid  iterationor  agile  approachesto  better  meet  customers  needs.  in  his  eponymous  book,  eric  ries  describes  how  designers  should  buildmeasurelearn  quickly  and  repeatedly  in  order  to  meet  everchanging  customer  needs  with  the  smallest  amount  of  overhead.  indeed,  one  of  the  principles  of  lean  startup  is  to  produce  an  optimized  design  quickly,  with  minimal  waste.  no  matter  which  design  philosophy  best  suits  the  organization,  the  transformative  challenges  of  iot  technology  guide  the  approach.  these  design
__label__productinspection philosophies  are  like  parallel  roads  to  the  same  city:  the  exact  paths  may  be  different,  but  the  ultimate  destination  is  the  same.  in  iot  product  design,  that  destination  means  realizing  that  organizational  change  is  required  to  meet  the  complex,  changing  demands  of  connected  products.  manufacturers  that  have  traditionally  focused  on  developing  purely  physical  objectsor  objects  that  may  be  connected  in  only  limited  waysmay  need  to  develop  or  acquire  new  capabilities  to  incorporate  iot  technology  into  designs.  they  can  do  so  on  multiple  fronts.  first,  organizations  will  need  to  have  the  technological  resources  and  capabilities  to  enable  the  design  of  objects
__label__productinspection containing  iot  hardwaresuch  as  sensors  and  other  physical  components  for  connectivityand  capable  of  running  the  requisite  software.  beyond  the  object  itself,  companies  should  consider  how  they  will  manage  the  resulting  information  flows:  how  they  will  aggregate,  analyze,  and  act  on  any  data  these  smart  objects  generate  on  an  ongoing  basis  as  they  move  from  selling  simple  products  to  selling  products  and  services.  furthermore,  because  of  that  potentially  valuable  user  data,  products  and  solutions  may  at  some  point  need  to  connect  to  or  communicate  with  other  systems  within  the  organization,  such  as  customer  accounts  or  order  management  systems,  to  enable  more
__label__productinspection tailored  services  or  customer  behaviorbased  pricing  structures.  in  the  case  of  connected  machinery,  companies  may  need  to  aggregate  data  with  that  of  other  machines  to  better  enable  capabilities  such  as  predictive  maintenance  or  to  inform  future  designs  of  the  same  object.  thus,  designs  may  need  to  be  integrated  and  interoperable  with  other  core  it  systems,  increasing  both  design  complexity  and  technological  capabilities  necessary  for  not  only  design  and  production  but  ongoing  function  as  well.  companies  can  also  use  these  information  flows  to  realize  new  opportunities,  such  as  continuous  improvement  of  products.  product  development  does  not  stop  once  a  product  transitions
__label__productinspection from  rd  into  manufacturing,  and  engineering  teams  have  traditionally  used  reliability  testing  combined  with  analysis  of  field  failures  to  identify  design  weaknesses  that  need  to  be  addressed  in  future  releases.  adding  connectivity  to  a  product  gives  designers  the  opportunity  to  monitor  product  performance  and  failures  in  real  time  in  their  actual  environment.  by  incorporating  the  ability  to  monitor  critical  performance  and  environmental  metrics  such  as  temperature,  battery  condition,  and  wireless  signal  strength,  designers  can  correlate  specific  conditions  with  specific  failures.  the  company  can  then  use  that  data  to  issue  a  firmware  update  to  fix  the  problem  in  the  field,  or
__label__productinspection to  construct  a  targeted  set  of  lab  tests  that  duplicate  the  conditions  that  caused  the  failure.  connectivity  gives  designers  a  window  into  how,  what,  why,  and  where  failures  occur  and  makes  sustaining  a  product  easierif  they  have  the  appropriate  technological  and  organizational  capabilities  in  place  to  act  on  the  information.  the  rapid  rate  of  change  in  iot  technology  and  the  potential  to  realize  design  benefitssuch  as  continuous  improvementsuggest  that  organizations  may  need  additional  technological  capabilities  to  push  regular  software  updates  to  objects  as  well  receive  data  from  them.  this  is  yet  another  factor  for  which  designers  should  account  as  they
__label__productinspection grapple  with  multiple  life  cycles  within  just  one  product.  in  changing  the  nature  of  products,  iot  technology  unavoidably  guides  their  design.  if  an  organization  wants  to  meet  the  new  challenges  imposed  by  these  transformations  and  successfully  design  connected  products,  it  should  rise  to  the  challenge.  as  companies  focus  on  readying  themselves  to  design  and  develop  iotenabled  objects,  they  can  consider  the  following  actions:  build  a  talent  pool  capable  of  addressing  digital  and  physical  issues,  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  app  design,  programming,  and  big  data  analytics.  by  combining  two  disciplinesthe  digital  and  the  physicaldesigners  can  reorient  their  thinking  to  account  for
__label__productinspection new,  iotspecific  requirements.  this  may  involve  upending  the  design  process  to  start  from  the  premise  of  the  desired  information  outcome  rather  than  the  desired  physical  form.  coach  designers  to  know  their  limitations  and  recognize  when  they  should  engage  experts  outside  their  traditional  teams.  knowing  the  possibilitiesbut  also  where  help  is  neededwill  be  important  for  changing  designers  mindset  so  they  feel  comfortable  looking  to  experts  with  unfamiliar  skill  sets.  encourage  crossfunctional  collaboration  to  ensure  that  designers  and  engineers  can  share  expertise  and  focus  on  solving  the  design  challenge  together.  rather  than  continuing  to  focus  on  functional  specializationa  tenet  of  traditional  designorganizations
__label__productinspection can  promote  the  creation  of  design  teams  with  representatives  from  each  function.  this  may  help  design  teams  cope  with  unexpected  changes  internally  and  much  more  rapidly  and  effectively.  train  managers  to  lead  crossfunctional  teams  and  encourage  collaboration.  organizations  can  consider  rotational  programs  in  which  leaders  and  other  highpotential  employees  can  gain  experience  in  multiple  areas  crucial  to  iot  product  design,  providing  the  skills  to  more  effectively  manage  diverse  teams  and  projects.  stress  simplicity  through  a  digital  design  approach,  even  as  the  object  necessarily  grows  more  complex.  designers  and  engineers  should  consider  expanding  their  thinking  to  incorporate  a  digital  approach,  including
__label__productinspection cx/ux  approaches  used  in  website  and  app  design.  they  can  include  regular  testing  throughout  the  design  process  to  help  ensure  that  connected  objects,  while  expanding  functionality,  retain  simple  interfaces  that  make  them  easy  to  use.  bring  it  into  the  picture  early  and  often.  in  keeping  with  the  more  collaborative,  crossfunctional  model  of  effective  iot  product  design,  including  it  experts  on  the  design  team  can  provide  muchneeded  expertise  about  incorporating  oftencomplex  technologies.  as  eric  libow,  the  cto  of  internet  of  things  lab  services  and  support  at  ibm,  explains,  we  recommend  that  companies  considering  iot  start  with  a  use  case  for  a
__label__productinspection line  of  business  but  involve  the  it  group  from  the  start,  because  you  almost  always  want  to  use  or  interface  with  at  least  some  legacy  systems.  develop  a  plan  for  accommodating  future  technological  advancements  in  current  designs.  to  account  for  future  developments,  engineers  may  incorporate  modularity  in  some  components,  enabling  service  providers  to  swap  outdated  hardware  for  updated  options  capable  of  accommodating  nextgeneration  software  as  it  becomes  available.  thus,  objects  meant  to  have  long  lifespanssuch  as  automobiles,  appliances,  grids,  buildings,  and  industrial  machinerycan  assimilate  new  technologies  with  shorter  life  cycles.  as  companies  adapt  existing  productsand  create  new  onesfor  a  connected
__label__productinspection world,  no  single  solution  or  approach  is  correct  in  all  situations.  and  since  iot  technology  is  still  in  a  nascent  stage  of  development,  the  future  of  connected  objects  will  get  only  more  interdependent  and  complex,  and  organizations  should  consider  and  prepare  for  the  changes  that  smart  connectivity  can  bring  to  their  products  and  their  designs.  written  by:  ,  ,  ,  ,  dimitris  kiritsis,  closedloop  plm  for  intelligent  products  in  the  era  of  the  internet  of  things,  computeraided  design  435,  may  2011,  pp.  479501.  michael  raynor  and  mark  j.  cotteleer,  the  more  things  change:  value  creation,  value  capture,  and  the  internet
__label__productinspection of  things,  deloitte  review  17,  july  27,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/valuecreationvaluecaptureinternetofthings/.  eleonora  borgia,  the  internet  of  things  vision:  key  features,  applications  and  open  issues,  computer  communications  541,  december  1,  2014,  pp.  131.  irene  ng,  kimberley  scharf,  ganna  pogrebna,  and  roger  maull,  contextual  variety,  internetofthings  and  the  choice  of  tailoring  over  platform:  mass  customisation  strategy  in  supply  chain  management,  international  journal  of  production  economics  159,  january  2015,  pp.  7687.  oleksiy  mazhelis  et  al.,  internetofthings  market,  value  networks,  and  business  models:  state  of  the  art  report,  university  of  jyvskyl  department  of  computer  science  and  information  systems,  2013,  ,  accessed  august  18,  2016.  brenna  sniderman
__label__productinspection and  michael  raynor,  power  struggle:  customers,  companies,  and  the  internet  of  things,  deloitte  review  17,  july  27,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/internetofthingscustomerscompanies/.  raynor  and  cotteleer,  the  more  things  change  .  ibid.  and  ,  seeking  mass  market  acceptance  for  hightechnology  consumer  products,  journal  of  consumer  marketing  91,  pp.  514,  1992,  www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/abs/10.1108/eum0000000002592.  according  to  recent  research,  the  most  common  type  of  fear  among  consumers  when  facing  new  technology  is  fear  of  technical  complexity.  for  more,  see  higgins  and  shanklin,  seeking  mass  market  acceptance  for  hightechnology  consumer  products.  for  examples  of  how  consumers  and  workers  can  be  resistant  to  change  old  habits,  and  what  strategies  can
__label__productinspection effectively  mitigate  that  resistance,  see  james  guszcza,  the  lastmile  problem:  how  data  science  and  behavioral  science  can  work  together,  deloitte  review  16,  january  26,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/behavioraleconomicspredictiveanalytics/.  claire  rowland,  whats  different  about  user  experience  design  for  the  internet  of  things?,  oreilly,  september  20,  2015,  www.oreilly.com/learning/whatsdifferentaboutuserexperiencedesignfortheinternetofthings.  irfan  saif,  sean  peasley,  and  arun  perinkolam,  safeguarding  the  internet  of  things:  being  secure,  vigilant,  and  resilient  in  the  connected  age,  deloitte  review  17,  july  27,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/internetofthingsdatasecurityandprivacy/.  ibid.  gerd  kortuem,  fahim  kawsar,  vasughi  sundramoorthy,  and  daniel  fitton,  smart  objects  as  building  blocks  for  the  internet  of  things,  ieee  internet  computing  141,  december  2009,  pp.  3037,
__label__productinspection www.fahimkawsar.net/papers/kortuem.ieeeinternet2010.camera.pdf.  dan  rhodes,  choosing  the  right  mobile  communications  technology  for  iot,  deloitte  digital  blog,  may  23,  2016,  www.deloittedigital.com/blog/choosingtherightmobilecommunicationstechnologyforiot.  david  d.  clark,  john  wroclawski,  karen  r.  sollins,  and  robert  braden,  tussle  in  cyberspace:  defining  tomorrows  internet,  ieee/acm  transactions  on  networking  ton  archive  133,  june  2005,  pp.  46275.  paul  daugherty,  prith  banerjee,  and  allan  alter,  5  ways  product  design  needs  to  evolve  for  the  internet  of  things,  harvard  business  review  ,  november  14,  2014,  .  dieter  bohn,  google  home:  a  speaker  to  finally  take  on  the  amazon  echo,  verge  ,  may  18,  2016,  www.theverge.com/2016/5/18/11688376/googlehomespeakerannouncedvirtualassistantio2016.  iffft,  amazon  alexa  channel,  ,  accessed  august  18,
__label__productinspection 2016.  osisoft,  osisofts  connected  services  enables  flowserves  global  rotating  equipment  monitoring  solutions,  presented  at  2015  emea  users  conference,  www.osisoft.com/uploadedfiles/pages/solutions/businesssolutions/enhanceaftermarketservices/customerbriefflowserve.pdf,  accessed  august  18,  2016.  for  an  example  of  how  consumer  feedback  contributed  to  design  in  a  preiot  world,  see  peter  h.bloch,  seeking  the  ideal  form:  product  design  and  consumer  response,  journal  of  marketing  593,  1995,  pp.  1629.  the  most  recent  and  most  notable  example  of  this  is  nests  recent  decision  to  disable  all  of  its  revolv  home  hubs.  if  a  product  had  been  designed  to  operate  expressly  with  the  revolv  hub,  that  product  too  would  now  be  rendered  inoperable.  for  more
__label__productinspection information  on  the  shutdown  of  revolv  hub  and  the  related  issues,  see  aaron  tilley,  nests  revolv  shutdown  debacle  underscores  business  model  challenges  for  internet  of  things,  forbes  ,  april  12,  2016,  james  r.  bradley  and  hctor  h.  guerrero,  product  design  for  lifecycle  mismatch,  production  and  operations  management  175,  septemberoctober  2008,  pp.  497512.  ihs,  average  age  of  light  vehicles  in  the  u.s.  rises  slightly  to  11.5  years,  ihs  reports,  businesswire,  july  29,  2015,  http://press.ihs.com/pressrelease/automotive/averageagelightvehiclesusrisesslightly2015115yearsihsreports.  simon  ninan,  bharath  gangula,  matthias  von  alten,  and  brenna  sniderman,  who  owns  the  road?  the  iotconnected  car  of  todayand  tomorrow,  deloitte  university  press,  august  18,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/internetofthingsiotinautomotiveindustry/.
__label__productinspection ibid.  peter  stephan,  markus  eich,  jrg  neidig,  martin  rosjat,  and  roberto  hengst,  applying  digital  product  memories  in  industrial  production,  in  wolfgang  wahlster,  semprom:  foundations  of  semantic  product  memories  for  the  internet  of  things  berlin:  springer,  2013,  pp.  283304.  for  more  information  on  continuous  engineering,  see  zach  jory,  the  impact  of  the  internet  of  things  on  product  development,  ibm  big  data  analytics  hub,  october  5,  2015,  www.ibmbigdatahub.com/blog/impactinternetthingsproductdevelopment.  avan  r.  jassawalla  and  hemant  c.  sashittal,  an  examination  of  collaboration  in  hightechnology  new  product  development  processes,  journal  of  product  innovation  management  153,  1998,  pp.  23754.  rick  delgado,  5  it  skills  youll  need  as
__label__productinspection the  internet  of  things  becomes  a  reality,  tech.co,  june  28,  2015,  .  sudarshan  krishnamurthi,  addressing  the  iot  skills  gap,  presentation  to  iot  talent  consortium,  march  2016.  ,  accessed  june  14,  2016.  brenna  sniderman,  monika  mahto,  and  mark  j.  cotteleer,  industry  4.0  and  manufacturing  ecosystems:  exploring  the  world  of  connected  enterprises  ,  deloitte  university  press,  february  22,  2016,  http://dupress.com/articles/industry40manufacturingecosystemsexploringworldconnectedenterprises/.  delgado,  it  skills  youll  need  as  the  internet  of  things  becomes  a  reality.  avan  r.  jassawalla  and  hemant  c.  sashittal,  building  collaborative  crossfunctional  new  product  teams,  academy  of  management  perspectives  133,  1999,  pp.  5063.  jassawalla  and  sashittal,  an  examination  of  collaboration  in
__label__productinspection hightechnology  new  product  development  processes.  herbert  simon,  the  architecture  of  complexity,  proceedings  of  the  american  philosophical  society  1066,  december  12,  1962,  pp.  46782,  http://pespmc1.vub.ac.be/books/architectureofcomplexity.pdf.  tim  brown,  design  thinking,  harvard  business  review  ,  june  2008,  https://hbr.org/2008/06/designthinking.  stephen  jordan,  lean  startup,  design  thinking  open  innovation  for  the  enterprise,  design  management  institute,  august  21,  2015,  .  eric  ries,  the  lean  startup:  how  todays  entrepreneurs  use  continuous  innovation  to  create  radically  successful  businesses  n.y.:  crown  business,  2011.  kiritsis,  closedloop  plm  for  intelligent  products  in  the  era  of  the  internet  of  things.  joe  mariani,  evan  quasney,  and  michael  e.  raynor,  forging  links  into  loops:  the
__label__productinspection internet  of  things  potential  to  recast  supply  chain  management,  deloitte  review  17,  july  27,  2015,  http://dupress.com/articles/internetofthingssupplychainmanagement/.  sniderman,  mahto,  and  cotteleer,  industry  4.0  and  manufacturing  ecosystems  .  mark  j.  cotteleer,  stuart  trouton,  and  ed  dobner,  3d  opportunity  and  the  digital  thread:  additive  manufacturing  ties  it  all  together  ,  deloitte  university  press,  march  3,  2016,  http://dupress.com/articles/3dprintingdigitalthreadinmanufacturing/.  jassawalla  and  sashittal,  building  collaborative  crossfunctional  new  product  teams.  sang  m.  lee,  david  l.  olson,  and  silvana  trimi,  coinnovation:  convergenomics,  collaboration,  and  cocreation  for  organizational  values,  management  decision  505,  2012,  pp.  81731.  michael  a.  hitt,  robert  d.  nixon,  robert  e.  hoskisson,  and  rahul  kochhard,  corporate  entrepreneurship
__label__productinspection and  crossfunctional  fertilization:  activation,  process  and  disintegration  of  a  new  product  design  team,  entrepreneurship:  theory  and  practice  145,  spring  1999,  june  7,  2016.  conversation  with  authors,  october  1,  2015.  share  article  highlights  see  something  interesting?  simply  select  text  and  choose  how  to  share  it:  has  been  added  to  your  bookmarks.  has  been  removed  from  your  bookmarks.  an  article  titled  already  exists  in  the  bookmark  library  or  social  login  not  available  on  microsoft  edge  browser  at  this  time.  connect  your  social  accounts  or  services  industries  careers  2019.  see  for  more  information.  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  deloitte  touche  tohmatsu
__label__productinspection limited,  a  uk  private  company  limited  by  guarantee  dttl,  its  network  of  member  firms,  and  their  related  entities.  dttl  and  each  of  its  member  firms  are  legally  separate  and  independent  entities.  dttl  also  referred  to  as  deloitte  global  does  not  provide  services  to  clients.  in  the  united  states,  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  the  us  member  firms  of  dttl,  their  related  entities  that  operate  using  the  deloitte  name  in  the  united  states  and  their  respective  affiliates.  certain  services  may  not  be  available  to  attest  clients  under  the  rules  and  regulations  of  public  accounting.  please  see  to  learn  more
__label__productinspection ayla  has  launched  over  100  customer  solutions  on  our  iot  platform  and  have  developed  a  deep  set  of  knowledge  and  expertise  that  we  bring  to  each  new  project.  as  a  deviceagnostic  platform  ayla  works  across  any  device  type  or  communication  protocol  enabling  rapid  time  to  market  and  longterm  project  success  across  a  variety  of  industries.  while  aylas  focus  continues  to  expand  into  industrial,  automotive,  healthcare,  and  retail  verticals  we  have  a  core  set  of  solutions  for  smart  home,  consumer  electronics,  commercial  products,  and  service  provider  areas  that  continue  to  lead  the  growth  of  iot  as  a  whole.  ayla  has  launched
__label__productinspection over  100  customer  solutions  on  our  iot  platform  and  have  developed  a  deep  set  of  knowledge  and  expertise  that  we  bring  to  each  new  project.  as  a  deviceagnostic  platform  ayla  works  across  any  device  type  or  communication  protocol  enabling  rapid  time  to  market  and  longterm  project  success  across  a  variety  of  industries.  while  aylas  focus  continues  to  expand  into  industrial,  automotive,  healthcare,  and  retail  verticals  we  have  a  core  set  of  solutions  for  smart  home,  consumer  electronics,  commercial  products,  and  service  provider  areas  that  continue  to  lead  the  growth  of  iot  as  a  whole.  connectivity  is  fundamentally  changinghow  homes  are
__label__productinspection controlled;  hvac,  appliances,  lighting  and  other  everyday  products  are  designed,  used  and  sold,  in  a  interoperable  and  automated  fashion.  consumers  arecontrolling  their  homes  through  voice  command,  gesture,  tablets,  and  smartphones  while  manufacturersdeliver  software  updates,  new  features,  and  information  feeds  directly  to  their  products  remotely,  enabling  an  entirely  new  paradigm  for  home  electronics.  connectivity  is  fundamentally  changinghow  homes  are  controlled;  hvac,  appliances,  lighting  and  other  everyday  products  are  designed,  used  and  sold,  in  a  interoperable  and  automated  fashion.  consumers  arecontrolling  their  homes  through  voice  command,  gesture,  tablets,  and  smartphones  while  manufacturersdeliver  software  updates,  new  features,  and  information  feeds  directly  to  their
__label__productinspection products  remotely,  enabling  an  entirely  new  paradigm  for  home  electronics.  iot  presents  many  areas  of  business  transformation  for  manufacturers  and  suppliers  of  commercial  products.  when  products  are  connected  and  transmitting  data  to  the  cloud  they  can  be  much  better  monitored,  maintained,  and  supported  leading  to  increased  uptime,  lower  support  costs  through  reduced  service  truck  rolls,  and  increased  customer  satisfaction.  iot  presents  many  areas  of  business  transformation  for  manufacturers  and  suppliers  of  commercial  products.  when  products  are  connected  and  transmitting  data  to  the  cloud  they  can  be  much  better  monitored,  maintained,  and  supported  leading  to  increased  uptime,  lower  support  costs  through
__label__productinspection reduced  service  truck  rolls,  and  increased  customer  satisfaction.  connected  consumer  electronics  ce  represents  a  range  of  new  intelligent  devices  that  are  becoming  a  part  of  our  everyday  lives.  whether  its  a  connected  smart  plug,  pettracking  services  or  personal  health  monitor,  the  sharing  of  internet  and  entertainment  content  is  changing  the  way  we  live.  consumers  now  have  access  to  more  energy  efficient  living,  new  ways  of  interacting  with  each  other,  gadgets  and  home  appliances  from  anywhere  within  mobile  coverage  range,  be  it  at  home,  work  or  while  commuting.  connected  consumer  electronics  ce  represents  a  range  of  new  intelligent  devices  that  are
__label__productinspection becoming  a  part  of  our  everyday  lives.  whether  its  a  connected  smart  plug,  pettracking  services  or  personal  health  monitor,  the  sharing  of  internet  and  entertainment  content  is  changing  the  way  we  live.  consumers  now  have  access  to  more  energy  efficient  living,  new  ways  of  interacting  with  each  other,  gadgets  and  home  appliances  from  anywhere  within  mobile  coverage  range,  be  it  at  home,  work  or  while  commuting.  enterprise  service  providers  face  a  number  of  challenges  today  around  shrinking  arpu,  increased  opex  to  support  devices  across  multiple  business  lines,  and  high  levels  of  customer  churn.  as  iot  continues  to  increase  in  scale
__label__productinspection across  a  wide  variety  of  markets,  including  consumer  smart  home,  service  providers  are  realizing  their  need  to  harness  this  massive  scale  to  improve  their  business  through  new  revenue  generation  and  cost  reduction.  enterprise  service  providers  face  a  number  of  challenges  today  around  shrinking  arpu,  increased  opex  to  support  devices  across  multiple  business  lines,  and  high  levels  of  customer  churn.  as  iot  continues  to  increase  in  scale  across  a  wide  variety  of  markets,  including  consumer  smart  home,  service  providers  are  realizing  their  need  to  harness  this  massive  scale  to  improve  their  business  through  new  revenue  generation  and  cost  reduction.  learn  about
__label__productinspection aylas  edge  management,  device  management,  and  application  enablement  capabilities.  interested  in  seeing  ayla  in  action?  please  contact  our  team  to  schedule  a  demo  time.  interested  in  seeing  a  demo  of  the  ayla  platform  or  have  a  question  for  our  sales  team?  please  fill  out  this  form  to  get  started.  2019  ayla  networks  inc.  ayla  networks  uses  cookies  to  provide  the  best  experience  possible  on  our  website.  by  clickingyes  youagree  to  our  .  ayla  networks  uses  cookies  to  provide  the  best  experience  possible  on  our  website.  by  clickingyes  youagree  to  our  privacy  policy.
__label__productinspection being  robust,  scalable  and  user  friendly,  thingsboard  iot  platform  supports  various  iot  use  cases  by  providing  flexible  and  powerful  outofthebox  features  to  cut  down  time  to  market  of  your  connected  products  and  smart  solutions.  the  platform  is  deviceagnostic,  so  you  can  feed  and  analyze  telemetry  data  from  any  sensor,  connected  device  or  application.  thingsboard  comprehensive  features  and  rich  platform  apis  allow  you  to  save  time  and  resources  on  routine  iot  tasks  and  concentrate  on  specific  features  of  your  iot  solution.  some  of  the  industry  use  cases  where  thingsboard  is  being  successfully  utilized  are  listed  below.  each  use  case  is  equipped
__label__productinspection brought  to  you  by  this  chapter  discusses  the  use  cases  of  blockchain  with  iot  along  with  other  systems/practices  to  achieve  a  new  paradigm  of  supply  chain.  the  chapter  identifies  immediate  challenges  in  various  realms  of  supply  chain  ranging  from  product  or  order  tracking,  traceability  and  recall,  counterfeiting,  agri  supply  chain,  automotive  supply  chain,  digital  homes,  offices  and  warehouses  to  manufacturing  and  distribution  supply  chain.  elaborating  the  key  features  and  capabilities  of  iot  and  blockchain  it  explains  with  example  how  the  combination  of  these  two  powerful  technologies  along  with  peripherals  systems  and  backbone  erps  can  solve  the  listed  business  problems.  it
__label__productinspection explores  the  process  flows,  technical  architecture  and  business  impacts  with  the  iot  and  blockchain  combination.  the  chapter  ends  with  listing  of  the  economic  value  and  cost  savings,  the  iot  blockchain  combination  brings  to  supply  chain  and  the  opportunities  lying  in  future.  principal  consultant,  enterprise  application  services  email:  linkedin:  is  a  principal  consultant  with  enterprise  applications  services  of  infosys  ltd.  he  consults  in  the  area  of  erp,  iot  and  blockchain  technology.  his  consulting  experience  of  more  than  17  years  spans  across  north  america,  europe  and  asia.  in  his  blockchain  consulting  role  he  helps  implement  oracle  blockchain  cloud  services.  it  spans  from
__label__productinspection identifying  the  use  case,  solution  architecture  to  implementation.  for  iot  applications  consulting  role  he  helps  implement  enterprise  grade  industrial  iot  solution  architecture  integrated  with  erp  systems.  he  is  an  erp  implementation  specialist  in  the  supply  chain  domain.  his  research  interests  include  information  technology,  iot  and  blockchain  applications  integration  with  erp  and  other  satellite  systems.  he  has  extensive  publications  in  the  area  of  reverse  supply  chain,  lean/agile/leagile  initiatives,  theory  of  constraints,  supply  chain  transformations  and  humanitarian  logistics.  over  the  years  he  has  published  more  than  35  research  papers  in  various  peer  reviewed  international  journals,  international  research  conferences,  case  studies,  book  chapters,
__label__productinspection white  papers  and  point  of  view  articles.  he  holds  a  phd  in  supply  chain  management,  a  masters  in  industrial  engineering  and  a  graduate  degree  in  mechanical  engineering.  he  is  a  certified  six  sigma  black  belt  champion.  he  is  listed  in  whos  who  of  the  world  2015  edition.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__productinspection and  have  sent  from,  between  and/or  to  them  iot  is  an  umbrella  term  with  many  use  cases,  technologies,  standards  and  applications.  moreover,  its  part  of  a  bigger  reality  with  even  more  technologies.  the  things  and  data  are  the  starting  point  and  essence  of  what  iot  enables  and  means.  iot  devices  and  assets  are  equipped  with  electronics,  such  as  ,  connectivity/communication  electronics  and  software  to  capture,  filter  and  exchange  data  about  themselves,  their  state  and  their  environment.  the  connection  of  iot  things  and  usage  of  enables  various  improvements  and  innovations  in  the  lives  of  consumers,  in  business,  healthcare,  mobility,  cities  and
__label__productinspection society.  the  potential  goals  of  iot  are  often  segmented  into  iot  use  cases:  reasons  for  which  iot  is  deployed.  examples:  health  monitoring,  asset  tracking,  environmental  monitoring,  and  .  there  are  hundreds  of  iot  use  cases,  depending  on  the  industry  and/or  type  of  application.  some  iot  use  cases  exist  across  industries,  others  are  more  vertical.  an  example:  asset  tracking  is  a  universal  use  case.  it  could  be  a  consumer  application  to  know  where  your  pet  or  skateboard  is.  but  it  could  also  mean  tracking  containers  on  a  huge  cargo  ship.  same  basic  principle,  a  world  of  difference  regarding  technologies  and  context.
__label__productinspection machinetomachine  iot  stretches  further  than  these  roots  while  encompassing  them  and  became  ever  more  popular  due  to  several  factors,  including  the  lower  costs  of  sensors  and  enabling  technologies  and  networks.  the  internet  of  things  converges  industries  and  business  areas,  uniting  information  technology  and  operational  technology  and  contributing  to  and  a  wave  of  use  cases  in  what  is  called  the  and  is  the  largest  segment  of  iot  applications  and  investments.  the  main  areas  of  internet  of  things  investments  industries  and  use  cases  include  manufacturing  operations,  transportation,  smart  grid  technologies,  and,  increasingly,  consumer  internet  of  things  and  smart  home  automation.  table  of
__label__productinspection contents  from  a  business  perspective  ecosystems,  in  the  broad  sense  of  partnerships,  collaborations,  channel  partnerships,  alliances  and  ecosystems  of  innovation/collaboration  are  also  key  to  iot.  internet  protocol  the  interconnection  of  physical  devices  with  embedded  sensing  and  communication  possibilities,  including  sensors  and  actuators,  is  not  new  and  has  a  long  history  in  the  sense  of  m2m  networks  of  which  it  is  a  next  and  broader  step.  in  the  internet  of  things,  physical  are  connected  through  uniquely  identifiable  ip  addresses;  whereby  data  can  be  gathered,  aggregated,  communicated  and  analyzed  increasingly  at  the  edge  of  the  network:  and  via  embedded  electronics  and  software,
__label__productinspection iot  nodes  and  ,  additional  connectivity  technologies  and  the  cloud,  networks  and  with  a  growing  integration  of  and  other  technologies  such  as  .  iot  is  an  additional  layer  of  information,  interaction,  transaction  and  action  which  is  added  to  the  internet  thanks  to  devices,  equiped  with  data  sensing,  analysis  and  communication  capabilities,  using  internet  technologies.theinternet  of  things  further  bridges  digital  and  physical  realities  and  powers  informationdriven  automation  and  improvements  on  the  level  of  business,  society  and  peoples  lives.  captured,  aggregated  and  analyzed  data  are  leveraged  for  several  use  cases,  including  maintenance,  human,  semiautonomous  and  autonomous  decisions  whereby  data  flows  dont  just
__label__productinspection come  from  iot  enabled  devices  but  also  are  exchanged  between  them,  occur  within  them  or  are  sent  to  them  in  the  form  of  instructions  ,  scientific  research,  realtime  monitoring,  data  exchanges,  new  business  models  and  far  more.  however,  it  will  still  take  until  the  next  decennium  2020  and  beyond  before  hype,  roadblocks  and  misunderstandings  regarding  the  internet  of  things  fade  away  and  uncertainties  and  challenges  in  several  areas  are  solved.  moreover,  a  radical  new  approach  to  security  will  be  needed.  although  iot  is  often  approached  as  if  it  were  a  thing  as  such  one  needs  to  understand  the  differences  from
__label__productinspection an  applications  perspective  in  areas  such  as  the  ,  the  consumer  internet  of  things  and,  beyond  these  flavors  and  terms,  the  mentioned  iot  use  cases.  more  about  this  is  poised  to  change  by  2020  although  globally  manufacturing  will  still  account  for  the  majority  of  iot  spend  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity  .  the  manufacturing  industry,  along  with  transportation  and  utilities  are  the  three  main  iot  investment  areas  and  are  part  of  what  is  known  as  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  ,  there  are  thousands  of  internet  of  things  use  cases  and  reallife  internet  of  things  deployments  across  a  variety  of
__label__productinspection sectors  with  the  three  industries  which  we  just  mentioned  accounting  for  a  more  than  significant  part  of  deployments  and  investments  as  the  image  on  the  right  shows.  there  are  many  thousands  of  devices  and  applications  for  a  broad  variety  of  purposes.  even  if  for  most  people  the  number  of  iot  devices  is  not  a  relevant  metric,  its  the  one  that  gets  most  attention.  over  the  past  few  years  predictions  regarding  the  number  of  iot  devices  by  2020  have  been  reviewed  downwards.  it  has  taken  over  two  decades  for  the  concept  of  the  internet  of  things  to  become  a  reality  that
__label__productinspection is  impacting  and  will  impact  many  areas  of  business  and  society  as  we  will  see  further.  regardless  of  massive  attention,  impressive  forecasts  and  numbers,  and  major  evolutions  and  deployments  in  many  areas.  however,  if  you  look  at  the  overall  potential  of  iot  we  are  really  just  starting.  standards,  technologies,  maturity  levels,  devices  and  applications  continue  to  evolve  as  various  actors  in  the  iot  ecosystem  come  up  with  platforms,  new  data  analysis  models  and  even  evolving  definitions  and  views  to  make  iot  projects  better  and  smarter.  at  the  same  time,  challenges  regarding  regulation,  security  and  data  are  being  tackled  and  even
__label__productinspection a  universal  iot  definition  is  still  being  debated.  the  roots  and  origin  of  the  internet  of  things  go  beyond  just  rfid.  think  about  machinetomachine  m2m  networks.  or  think  about  atms  automated  teller  machine  or  cash  machines  ,  which  are  connected  to  interbank  networks,  just  as  the  point  of  sales  terminals  where  you  pay  with  your  atm  cards.  m2m  solutions  for  atms  have  existed  for  a  long  time,  just  as  rfid.  these  earlier  forms  of  networks,  connected  devices  and  data  are  where  the  internet  of  things  comes  from.  yet,  its  not  the  internet  of  things.  most  reallife  implementations  of  rfid  in
__label__productinspection those  days  happened  in  logistics,  warehouses  and  the  supply  chain  in  general.  however,  there  were  many  challenges  and  hurdles  to  overcome,  as  we  covered  end  1999  in  a  white  paper  for  a  belgian  rfid  specialist  who  targeted  the  logistics  industry  mainly  warehousing  and  industrial  logistics  as  rfid  was  still  expensive.  gradually,  the  use  of  rfid  and  along  with  it,  several  nfc  or  near  field  communication,  wireless  technologies  ,  became  popular  in  areas  beyond  logistics  and  supply  chain  management:  from  public  transport,  identification  from  pets  to  people  ,  electronic  toll  collection  see  image  ,  access  control  and  authentication,  traffic  monitoring,  retail
__label__productinspection to  back  then  innovative  forms  of  outdoor  advertising.  that  growing  usage  was,  among  others,  driven  by  the  decreasing  cost  of  rfid  tags,  increasing  standardization  and  nfc.  it  was  obvious  that  the  connection  of  the  types  of  things  and  applications  as  we  saw  them  in  rfid  and  in  m2m  and  more  with  the  internet  would  change  a  lot.  it  might  surprise  you  but  the  concepts  of  connected  refrigerators,  telling  you  that  you  need  to  buy  milk,  the  concept  of  what  is  now  known  as  smart  cities  and  the  vision  of  an  immersive  shopping  experience  without  bar  code  scanning  and  leveraging  smart
__label__productinspection realtime  information  obtained  via  connected  devices  and  goods  go  back  since  before  the  term  internet  of  things  even  existed.  again,  it  took  a  long  time.  furthermore,  we  shouldnt  reduce  the  internet  of  things  to  just  these  popular  and  widely  known  concepts,  even  if  consumerrelated  attention  for  iot  without  a  doubt  has  led  to  the  grown  attention  for  it  as  youll  read  further.  rfid  existed  years  before  talked  about  the  internet  of  things  as  a  system,  connecting  the  physical  world  and  the  internet  via  omnipresent  sensors.  it  also  already  existed  when  he  cofounded  the  autoid  center  now  called  the  autoid  labs
__label__productinspection at  mit.  ashton,  who  was  a  marketer  at  pg,  wanted  to  solve  a  challenge  he  had  seen  before  :  empty  shelves  for  a  specific  product.  when  shelves  are  empty,  obviously  no  one  can  buy  whats  supposed  to  be  there.  its  a  typical  problem  of  and  supply  chain.  ashton  found  the  solution  in  rfid  tags,  which  were  still  far  too  expensive  to  be  able  to  put  them  on  each  product.  when  the  mit  autoid  center  was  launched,  funded  by  the  major  global  retail  brands  who  understood  the  challenge  and  obvious  benefits  of  a  solution,  he  was  loaned  by  pg  and  became
__label__productinspection the  executive  director  at  that  center  as  wired  explains.  the  rest  is  a  standard  system,  solving  miniaturization  challenges,  lowering  rfid  tags  prices  andhistory.  physical  devices  are  either  designed  for  the  internet  of  things  or  are  assets,  including  living  beings,  which  are  equiped  with  data  sensing  and  transmitting  electronics.  beyond  this  endpoint  dimension  with  devices,  sensors,  actuators  and  communication  systems,  the  internet  of  things  is  also  used  to  describe  what  is  effectively  done  with  the  data  acquired  from  connected  things.  the  internet  of  things  describes  a  range  of  applications,  protocols,  standards,  architectures  and  data  acquisition  and  analysis  technologies  whereby  devices  and
__label__productinspection items  appliances,  clothes,  animals,.  which  are  equipped  with  sensors,  specifically  designed  software  and  /or  other  digital  and  electronical  systems,  are  connected  to  the  internet  and/or  other  networks  via  a  unique  ip  address  or  uri,  with  a  societal,  industrial,  business  and/or  human  purpose  in  mind.  as  you  can  read  below,  data  and  how  they  are  acquired,  analyzed  and  combined  into  information  value  chains  and  benefits  are  key  in  it.  in  fact,  the  true  value  of  the  internet  of  things  lies  in  the  ways  it  enables  to  leverage  entirely  new  sources  and  types  of  data  for  entirely  new  business  models,  insights,  forms
__label__productinspection of  engagement,  ways  of  living  and  societal  improvements.  ciot  iiot  we  see  the  internet  of  things  more  from  an  perspective,  which  is  again  part  of  a  broader  context.  what  this  means  is  explained  further  below.  the  internet  of  things  is  not  a  thing.  data  which  is  acquired,  submitted,  processed  or  sent  to  devices,  in  most  cases  travels  across  the  internet,  fixed  lines,  across  cloud  ecosystems  or  via  tailored  wireless  connectivity  technologies  which  are  developed  for  specific  applications  of  iot  e.g.  wireless  technologies  for  the  iiot.  bridging  digital,  physical  and  human  spheres  through  networks,  connected  processes  and  data,  turned  into  knowledge
__label__productinspection and  action,  is  an  essential  aspect  in  this  equation.  in  recent  years  the  focus  in  the  internet  of  things  has  shifted  from  the  pure  aspect  of  connecting  devices  and  gathering  data  to  this  interconnection  of  devices,  data,  business  goals,  people  and  processes,  certainly  in  iiot.  its  pretty  clear  that  a  dimension  of  networks  and  connectedness,  we  would  even  say  hyperconnectedness,  needs  to  be  present  in  any  decent  iot  definition.  there  are  several  iot  connectivity  and  network  protocols  and  standards,  both  wireless  and  fixed.  in  most  reallife  iot  projects  its  a  combination.  connectivity  happens  on  all  levels:  at  a  very  close
__label__productinspection range  e.g.  between  devices  ,  further  away  e.g.  between  devices  and  the  cloud  or  at  very  large  distances.  connectivity  standards  are  also  different,  depending  on  the  power  that  is  needed  and  the  volumes  of  iot  data  transmitted,  adding  to  the  broad  range  of  standards  and  solutions.  connectivity  in  the  sense  of  connected  devices  is  the  start,  connected  data  is  where  the  value  starts.  they  are  all  terms  to  describe  what  is  an  essential  part  of  a  network  of  things.  some  add  words  such  as  smart  or  intelligent  to  the  devices.  lets  say  that  they  contain  technology  that  grants  them  an
__label__productinspection additional  capability  of  doing  something:  measuring  temperature  or  moisture  levels,  capturing  location  data,  sensing  movement  or  capturing  any  other  form  of  action  and  context  that  can  be  captured  and  turned  into  data.  iot  devices  need  to  be  managed.  thats  where  comes  in:  it  enables  the  onboarding,  configuration  and  overall  management  of  iot  devices.  iot  device  management  can  be  simple  e.g.  in  consumer  applications  and  be  done  using  features  or  proprietary  vendor  solutions.  it  can  also  be  complex.  as  iot  platforms  become  ever  more  important  often  iot  device  management  is  handled  on  this  level  as  device  management  is  one  of  the
__label__productinspection key  components  of  such  a  platform.  other  components  of  an  iot  platform  include  iot  data  management,  access  control  and  application  development  enablement.  more  in  this  overview.  additionaly,  as  edge  computing  becomes  more  important  also  take  a  look  at  iot  device  management  at  the  edge  as  explained  in  the  scorecard.  some  iot  platforms,  such  as  ,  also  support  the  fog  computing  architecture.  you  can  define  the  internet  of  things  by  simply  describing  all  characteristics  what  it  is  but  you  also  need  to  look  at  its  purpose  the  why  .  data  is  a  crucial  part  of  this  equation,  albeit  just  a  first
__label__productinspection step  as  data  as  such  is  not  enough.  however,  there  is  no  internet  of  things  without  big  data.  maybe  you  heard  about  the  good  old  model  from  data  to  information  to  knowledge  to  wisdom  and  action  ?  well,  the  data  gathered  and  sensed  by  iot  devices  needs  to  be  communicated  in  order  to  even  start  turning  it  into  actionable  information,  let  alone  knowledge,  insights,  wisdom  or  actions.  while  we  certainly  need,  for  instance,  intelligent  networking  technologies  in  many  cases  and  while  connected  devices  have  a  capacity  of  action,  the  real  intelligence  and  action  sits  in  the  analysis  of  the  data
__label__productinspection and  the  smart  usage  of  this  data  to  solve  a  challenge,  create  a  competitive  benefit,  automate  a  process,  improve  something,  whatever  possible  action  our  iot  solution  wants  to  tackle.  just  as  there  is  no  internet  of  things  without  big  data,  there  is  no  useful  internet  of  things  deployment  without  understanding  meaning,  intelligence,  big  data  analytics,  and  so  on.  in  fact,  most  iot  applications  are  essentially  all  about  automation.  and  that  often  comes  with  costs  and  benefits.  industrial  automation,  business  process  automation  or  the  automatic  updating  of  software:  it  all  plays  a  role,  depending  on  the  context.  you  know  the  saying:
__label__productinspection software  eats  the  world.  well,  it  also  drives  tesla  cars  and  soon  autonomous  vehicles  whereby  maintenance,  upgrades  and  so  forth  are  all  about  automation  and  software,  powered  by  data  which  are  fed  by  sensors  and  connected  devices.  we  stay  too  descriptive  and  focused  on  just  the  technologies  and  dont  look  at  purpose  and  intelligent  action  enough.  obviously  we  can  say  that  this  isnt  strictly  about  the  internet  of  things  but  more  about  the  internet  of  everything  or  the  internet  of  things  ecosystem  or  something  else  but  for  us  its  key  in  order  not  to  confuse  the  internet  of  things  with
__label__productinspection a  bunch  of  fitness  devices  that  are  connected  with  some  app,  for  instance.  because,  although  these  are  the  kinds  of  apps  most  people  speak  about,  they  certainly  are  where  the  majority  of  internet  of  things  use  cases  are  and  they  are  the  furthest  away  from  the  original  meaning  of  the  internet  of  things.  the  aspect  of  hyperconnectivity  and  integration  often  lacks.  in  a  context  of  a  reality  whereby  devices,  people,  processes  and  information  are  more  interconnected  than  ever  before;  an  internet  of  things  definition  and  approach  just  needs  to  mention  these  aspects  as  the  internet  of  things  is  part  of
__label__productinspection something  broader  and  is  more  about  data,  meaning  and  purpose  than  about  objects.  a  key  element  of  that  hyperconnectivity  in  the  internet  of  things  sphere  is  that  sometimes  mentioned  ongoing  bridging  of  digital  and  physical  environments,  along  with  human  environments,  processes  and  data  as  the  glue,  enabler  and  condition  to  create  value  when  properly  used  for  connected  purposes.  then  there  is  also  the  possibility  to  create  new  ecosystems  where  connected  device  usage  by  groups  of  people  can  lead  to  new  applications  and  forms  of  community  ecosystems.  last  but  not  least  and  weve  mentioned  this  often  before:  no  internet  of  things
__label__productinspection without  security.  the  question  and  evolution  increasingly  will  not  be  about  the  internet  of  things  but  about  the  broader  digital  transformation  economy  picture  with  outcomes  and  integration  in  mind  and  de  facto  overlapping  sets  of  technologies  being  a  given.  smart  objects  with  an  ip  address  which  can  sense  depending  on  use  case,  gather  data  on  various  parameters  such  as  location,  temperature,  moisture  level  and  dozens  of  more  possibilities.  this  data  gets  sent  for  processing  or  analyzed  at  the  source.  think  about  everything  you  use  to  connect  with  the  internet,  such  as  your  smartphone.  its  in  the  meeting  of  this  sphere
__label__productinspection and  the  internet  of  things  that  most  internet  of  things  consumer  applications  today  get  born.  several  socalled  consumer  iot  ciot  applications  such  as  wearables  cant  live  without  smartphones.  moreover,  for  several  control  and  monitoring  activities  youll  need  some  sort  of  device  such  as  a  tablet,  for  example  in  a  smart  home  context.  and  do  not  belong  to  the  internet  of  things.  they  exist  since  a  long  time,  mainly  in  the  sphere  of  industrial  internet  and  we  see  them  migrate  to  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot.  replacing  such  devices  or  tagging  them  so  they  become  iotenabled  is  a  part  of
__label__productinspection what  happens  in  iiot.  while  the  internet  of  things  and  we  weigh  our  words  as  a  reality  has  benefits  and  consequences  many  cant  grasp  yet,  we  need  to  change  the  narrative  and  look  at  iot  from  the  holistic  perspective  of:  in  that  sense  it  is  safe  to  say  that,  despite  the  fact  that  weve  been  talking  about  the  internet  of  things  for  a  long  time  and  the  fact  that  iot  in  many  industries  is  a  reality,  we  are  still  in  the  early  years.  although  it  is  expected  that,  as  a  term  and  concept,  the  internet  of  things  will  dissapear  and
__label__productinspection just  become  part  of  a  new  normal,  we  are  far  from  there.  note,  however,  that  in  a  business  context  its  best  to  focus  on  goals  and  use  cases  when  trying  to  get  projects  accepted  and  done  than  to  speak  about  the  iot.  with  the  exponential  growth,  enabled  by  what  gartner  would  call  a  nexus  of  forces,  comes  growth  in  many  other  areas  such  as  traffic,  storage,  processing  capacity,  data  volumes,  network  capabilities,  you  name  it.  the  internet  of  things  exists  in  many  industries,  applications  and  contexts.  some  projects  are  still  in  the  pilot  stage  while  others  form  the  backbone  of
__label__productinspection important  processes,  operations  and  innovations.  in  other  words:  the  internet  of  things  is  certainly  here  but  the  degree  in  which  it  is  changing  the  ways  we  live,  work  and  conduct  business  depends  on  the  context.  it  makes  it  look  as  if  the  internet  of  things  is  still  nowhere.  make  no  mistake  though:  it  is  already  bigger  than  many  believe  and  used  in  far  more  applications  than  those  which  are  typically  mentioned  in  mainstream  media.  at  the  same  time  it  is  true  that  the  increase  of  connected  devices  is  staggering  and  accelerating.  as  we  wrote  the  first  edition  of  this  internet
__label__productinspection of  things  guide,  approximately  each  single  hour  a  million  new  connections  were  made  and  there  were  about  5  to  6  billion  different  items  connected  to  the  internet.  by  2020,  cisco  expected  there  would  be  20  billion  devices  in  the  internet  of  things.  estimations  for  2030  went  up  to  a  whopping  50  billion  devices  and  some  predictions  were  even  more  bullish,  stating  that  by  2025  there  will  be  up  to  100  billion  devices.  the  truth  is  that  we  will  have  to  wait  and  see  and  that  by  the  time  we  have  written  about  recent  predictions,  new  ones  are  already  published.  moreover,
__label__productinspection different  research  means  different  numbers  and  it  is  important  to  distinguish  between  iot  devices,  iot  endpoints  and  connected  devices  although  often  iot  devices  and  connected  devices  are  often  used  interchangeably.  when  we  first  wrote  this  overview  gartner  estimated  that  by  2020  we  would  live  in  a  world  with  over  26  billion  connected  devices.  as  the  image  below  indicates  cisco  back  then  predicted  that  37  billion  intelligent  things  would  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020  earlier  the  company  talked  about  50  billion  and  some  even  went  over  200  billion.  at  the  end  of  2016  forecasts  ranged  anywhere  between  20  and
__label__productinspection 30  billion  connected  iotenabled  devices  in  2020.  data  end  2016,  the  number  of  connected  iot  devices,  sensors  and  actuators  will  reach  over  46  billion  in  2021.  the  variety  of  sources  and  pace  at  which  data  about  the  expected  number  of  connected  devices  is  released  is  so  big  that  we  plan  a  section  with  forecasts  from  several  sources,  nicely  dated,  so  you  can  stay  uptodate.  there  are  several  reasons  why  these  predictions  differ  so  much.  among  them  are  certainly  various  uncertainties  and  challenges  regarding  the  internet  of  things  which  are  further  fuelled  by  impactful  events  regarding  among  others  security  and  privacy.
__label__productinspection and  then  there  is  the  fact  that  the  internet  of  things  obviously  also  gets  hyped  by  those  who  have  an  interest  in  doing  so  such  as  companies  selling  internet  of  things  solutions.  this  doesnt  mean  that  the  internet  of  things  is  a  hype  as  such  it  has  been  at  the  beginning  of  this  millennium.  however,  the  realities,  data  and  even  definitions  regarding  internet  of  things  are  so  vast  that  all  predictions  are  really  merely  attempts,  often  fitting  in  a  hypish  perspective.  also  the  data  aspect  is  critical  again  with  mindblowing  forecasts  and  how  all  this  big  data  is  analyzed,  leveraged
__label__productinspection and  turned  into  actions  or  actionable  intelligence  that  creates  enhanced  customer  experience,  increased  productivity,  better  processes,  societal  improvements,  innovative  models  and  all  possible  other  benefits  and  outcomes.  the  impact  of  the  iot  from  a  sheer  data  volume  and  digital  universe  perspective  is  amazing.  e.g.  e.g.  iot  gateways  moving  towards  the  edge  and  the  latest  generations  of  iot  platforms,  specifically  expect  artificial  intelligence,  big  data  analytics  and  ever  more  computing  power  to  play  an  increasing  role,  at  the  edge  and  across  the  endtoend  projects,  as  were  really  just  at  the  beginning  of  that  iot  data  deluge.  and  thats  not  all:  as
__label__productinspection is  the  case  with  data  overall,  most  collected  iot  data  are  not  used  or  fully  exploited  and  often  sit  and  wait  for  the  right  use  case  in  which  they  can  fit.  this  will  increase  the  iot  data  deluge  even  further.  according  to  2017  research  from  451  research  the  iot  data  storm  for  now  mainly  leads  to  increasing  investments  in  storage  infrastructure,  network  edge/perimeter  equipment  and  server  infrastructure.  yet,  while  companies  are  processing  iot  workloads  at  the  edge  today  to  improve  security,  process  realtime  operational  action  triggers,  and  reduce  iot  data  storage  and  transport  requirements  as  the  company  found,  this  will
__label__productinspection change  fast.  of  the  the  forecasted  total  of  28  billion,  which  include  for  instance  smartphones  as  we  mentioned  in  our  article  on  .  well,  first  of  all  internet  of  things  today  is  effectively  hyped  yet,  at  the  same  time  very  real.  gartners  latest  hype  cycle  for  emerging  technologies  shows  that  the  internet  of  things  is  at  the  peak  of  inflated  expectations  while  nfc  is  reaching  the  slope  of  enlightenment.  there  are  numerous  reasons  for  the  growing  attention  for  the  internet  of  things.  while  you  will  often  will  read  about  the  decreasing  costs  of  storage,  processing  and  material  or  the  third
__label__productinspection platform  with  the  cloud,  ,  smart  mobile  technologies/devices,  etc.  there  certainly  is  also  a  societal/people  dimension  with  a  strong  consumer  element.  a  factor  that  has  also  contributed  a  lot  to  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things,  certainly  in  a  context  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  and  smart  buildings,  to  name  a  few,  is  whereby  sensors,  actuators  and  so  forth  remove  the  barriers  between  these  traditionally  disconnected  worlds.  the  majority  of  the  internet  of  things  hype  focused  on  consumeroriented  devices  such  as  wearables  or  smart  home  gadgets.  yet,  we  cant  repeat  it  enough,  there  is  a  huge  difference  between
__label__productinspection a  personal  fitness  tracker  and  the  usage  of  iot  in  industrial  markets  such  as  manufacturing  where  the  iot  takes  center  stage  in  the  vision  of  industry  4.0  you  can  for  instance  think  about  iotconnected  or  iotenabled  devices  such  as  large  industrial  robots  or  iot  logistics  systems.  thats  why  a  distinction  was  made  between  the  industrial  internet  of  things  and  the  consumer  internet  of  things  to  begin  with.  however,  here  as  well  there  were  overlaps  and  in  the  end  difficulties  as  always  when  you  start  segmenting  realities.  a  broad  range  of  new  terms  were  invented  to  explain  various  existing  and  emerging
__label__productinspection forms  of  internet  of  things  usage:  the  internet  of  robotic  things,  the  internet  of  medical  things,  the  list  goes  on.  at  the  same  time  some  vendors  of  internet  of  things  solutions  started  coming  up  with  alternative  terms.  the  best  known  one  is  ciscos  internet  of  everything,  which  aimed  to  stress  the  role  of  people,  data,  processes  etc.  while  all  these  and  many  more  efforts  tried  to  make  the  internet  of  things  more  tangible  in  the  end  we  see  that  since  20162017  most  people  and  firms  including  cisco  simply  start  talking  about  the  iot  again.  the  usage  of  the  term  industrial
__label__productinspection internet  of  things  or  industrial  internet  is  also  making  place  for  the  broader  context  of  industry  4.0  of  which  the  internet  of  things  is  a  part  of  the  reality  which  we  described.  a  deeper  look  at  some  of  these  main  internet  of  things  subsets  the  main  value  and  applications  are  found  in  the  socalled  industrial  internet  of  things  or  iiot.  in  all  honesty  one  of  the  main  reasons  why  we  started  talking  about  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  to  distinguish  it  from  the  more  popular  view  on  the  internet  of  things  as  it  has  becoming  increasingly  used  in  recent
__label__productinspection years:  that  of  the  consumer  internet  of  things  or  consumer  electronics  applications  such  as  wearables  in  a  connected  context  or  smart  home  applications.  what  industries  are  covered?  some  people  mainly  look  at  heavy  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  oil  and  gas,  transportation.  others  also  add  less  heavy  smart  city  or  smart  agriculture  applications  into  account.  sometimes  there  is  a  bit  a  thin  line  because  of  course  you  can  also  have  very  simple  applications  in  smart  cities.  for  now,  iiot  is  the  most  important  segment  in  the  internet  of  things,  much  more  than  consumer  applications,  for  instance.  typical  use  cases  of  the
__label__productinspection industrial  internet  of  things  include  smart  lightning  and  smart  traffic  solutions  in  smart  cities,  intelligent  machine  applications,  industrial  control  applications,  factory  floor  use  cases,  condition  monitoring,  use  cases  in  agriculture,  smart  grid  applications  and  oil  refinery  applications.  so,  even  if  the  term  is  not  so  much  an  umbrella  term  as  the  internet  of  things  is,  it  still  covers  many  potential  applications  and  use  cases.  a  lot  of  organizations  are  considering  iiot  applications  and  many  have  already  started,  certainly  in  early  moving  markets  such  as  manufacturing  or  oil  and  gas.  but  others  are  still  waiting  or  uncertain.  and  this  despite  the
__label__productinspection many  opportunities,  among  others  in  regards  with  business  continuity,  efficiency,  cost  reductions  etc.  those  who  can  overcome  the  challenges,  understand  the  benefits  beyond  the  obvious  and  are  able  to  deal  with  the  industrial  data  challenge  have  golden  opportunities  to  be  innovative,  create  competitive  benefits  and  even  entirely  new  business  models  in  industry  4.0.  below  is  a  presentation  that  explains  the  industrial  internet  of  things  and  also  how  the  iiot  is  different  than  other  internet  of  things  applications,  for  instance  in  the  consumer  space.  these  devices  and  their  possibilities  are  getting  major  attention  on  virtually  every  news  outlet  and  website  that
__label__productinspection covers  technology.  wearables  and  smart  watches,  connected  and  smart  home  applications  with  googles  nest  being  a  popular  one  but  certainly  not  the  first  :  there  are  ample  of  you  know  the  examples.  although  it  is  said  that  there  is  some  technology  fatigue  appearing,  the  combination  of  applications  in  a  consumer  context  and  of  technology  fascination  undoubtedly  plays  a  role  in  the  growing  attention  for  the  internet  of  things.  that  consumer  fascination  aspect  comes  on  top  of  all  the  reallife  possibilities  as  they  start  getting  implemented  and  the  contextual  and  technological  realities,  making  the  internet  of  things  one  of  those  many
__label__productinspection pervasive  technological  umbrella  terms.  obviously,  the  consumer  internet  of  things  market  is  not  just  driven  by  new  technology  fascination:  their  manufacturers  push  the  market  heavily  as  adoption  means  news  business  possibilities  with  a  key  role  for  data.  while  some  of  the  applications  in  this  space  already  are  popular  fitness  and  personal  health,  for  instance  ,  the  real  growth  still  needs  to  come.  think  the  first  generations  of  smartwatches,  which  need  a  smartphone.  it  is  expected  that  the  market  will  really  start  picking  up  as  of  end  2017  or  2018,  when  the  consumer  internet  of  things  will  grow  rapidly  across  several
__label__productinspection types  of  devices  and  applications,  once  manufacturers  are  able  to  meet  the  various  challenges.  as  mentioned,  the  consumer  internet  of  things  typically  is  about  smart  wearables  and  smart  home  appliances  but  also  about  smart  televisions,  drones  for  consumer  applications  and  a  broad  range  of  gadgets  with  internet  of  things  connectivity.  on  top  of  examples  such  as  smart  meters,  as  explained  above,  it  is  clear  that  the  ciot  offers  manufacturers  of  devices  and  applications  important  opportunities  to  leverage  data  to  build  new  revenue  streams  and  even  new  partnerships  and  ecosystems  to  leverage  this  data  in  various  ways.  data  privacy  and  security
__label__productinspection will  remain  a  challenge  for  several  years  to  come  but  at  the  same  time  new  generations  of  devices  with  clear  benefits  and  a  focus  on  the  consumer  experience  will  boost  the  market.  examples?  electronic  door  locks,  many  modern  credit  cards,  identification  cards  with  rfid,  the  list  is  long.  rfid  is  even  used  so  much  that  end  2014,  security  firm  norton  and  betabrand  designer  steven  b.  wheeler  joined  forces  to  create  the  worlds  first  rfid  and  nfc  blocking  jeans  to  avoid  theft  of  data.  the  internet  of  things  focuses  too  much  on  the  things  and,  as  mentioned,  is  also  very  broadly
__label__productinspection used.  its  why  some  started  distinguishing  between  the  just  mentioned  consumer  internet  of  things  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  cisco  and  other  prefer  to  use  the  term  internet  of  everything,  partially  because  of  that  umbrella  term  issue,  partially  because  of  the  focus  on  things  and  partially  to  provide  context  to  their  views  and  offerings.  but  its  not  just  marketing.  the  internet  of  everything  or  ioe  depicts  crucial  aspects  of  iot,  namely  people,  data,  things  and  processes;  in  other  words:  what  makes  a  business.  its  this  mix  that  matters.  moreover,  the  classic  illustration  of  the  internet  of  everything  also  made
__label__productinspection clear  what,  for  instance,  machine  to  machine  or  m2m  is  all  about.  weve  based  ourselves  on  that  classic  depiction  and  added  the  dimensions  of  value  and  data  analysis.  one  of  the  major  characteristics  of  the  internet  of  things  is  that  it  enables  to  build  far  stronger  bridges  between  physical  and  digital  cyber  worlds.  you  see  it  in  all  iot  use  case  and  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  you  see  it  in  whats  called  the  cyber  physical  systems.  yet,  in  most  case,  the  focus  is  predominantly  on  the  cyber  part  whereby  data  from  sensors  essentially  are  leveraged  to  achieve  a
__label__productinspection particular  outcome  with  human  interference  and  with  a  focus  on  data  analytics  and  cyber  platforms.  the  way  it  happens,  as  abi  research,  who  came  up  with  the  iort  concept  which  is  real  today  puts  it  is  that  essentially  many  applications  and  business  models  are  built  upon  passive  interaction.  sounds  complex  or  too  futuristic?  examples  in  the  space  of  industry  4.0  with  collaborative  industrial  robots,  warehouse  automation  amazon  robotics  and  even  personal  robots  for  cleaning  and  so  forth  make  it  more  tangible.  its  still  early  days  for  the  iort  but  the  projects  and  realizations  in  this  next  stage  are  real.  iort
__label__productinspection is  not  tied  to  the  consumer  and  industrial  iot  distinction,  its  ubiquitous.  definitions,  sources,  market  data  and  the  mentioned  examples  via  the  button  below.  the  internet  of  things  is  used  in  various  industries  for  numerous  use  cases  which  are  typical  for  these  industries.  on  top  of  that,  there  is  a  long  list  of  internet  of  things  use  cases  that  is  de  facto  crossindustry.  as  the  internet  of  things  is  embraced  and  deployed  at  different  speeds  throughout  consumer  and  industrial  sectors,  we  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  main  industries  and  use  cases  which  drive  the  internet  of  things  market
__label__productinspection and  internet  of  things  projects.  while  it  is  expected  that  in  terms  of  use  cases  there  will  be  high  growth  in  consumerrelated  use  cases  such  as  personal  wellness  and  smart  home  applications,  the  largest  majority  of  spending  is  and  will  be  done  by  enterprises.  safer  and  more  useful  for  instance,  the  push  for  telematics  in  insurance,  the  push  for  smart  meters  in  utilities  while  globally  in  the  period  until  2020,  manufacturing  will  remain  the  major  industry  except  in  westerneurope  there  will  be  global  changes  in  this  top  3.  among  the  fastest  growing  industries  in  the  period  until  2020  are  insurance,
__label__productinspection healthcare,  retail,  consumer  and,  as  mentioned,  crossindustry  initiatives.  a  report  by  iot  analytics,  really  a  list  of  640  reallife  internet  of  things  projects,  indicates  that  from  the  perspective  of  number  of  projects  connected  industry  ranks  first  but  is  closely  followed  by  smart  city  implementations  ,  which  rank  second.  why  this  difference?  on  top  of  the  fact  that  various  firms  use  various  approaches  and  definitions  even  if  you  compare  spending  forecasts  instead  of  spending  and  projects  as  we  do  here  ,  there  is  the  very  simple  fact  that  many  smart  city  projects  tend  to  be  far  cheaper  than  industrial  counterparts.  in
__label__productinspection most  smart  city  projects,  low  data  bandwidth  is  needed  and  equipment,  depending  on  use  cases  is  far  cheaper.  as  an  example:  the  for  now  cheapest  connectivity  technology  over  longer  ranges,  noncellular  lpwan  such  as  and  sigfox,  is  predominantly  found  in  smart  city  projects.  according  to  the  same  idc  data  we  mentioned  earlier,  published  early  2017,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  good  for  a  total  internet  of  things  spend  of  178  billion  in  2016,  which  is  more  than  twice  as  much  than  the  second  largest  vertical  market  in  spend  ,  transportation.  that  there  were  307  million  installed  units  at  the  time  of
__label__productinspection the  qa  in  the  manufacturing  industry  where  systems  with  sensors  have  always  been  embedded  into  manufacturing  and  the  automation  processes.  in  a  may  2015  forecast  on  the  worldwide  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  market  poised  to  grow  19  in  2015  that  the  internet  of  things  market  in  manufacturing  operations  will  reach  98.8  billion  in  2018.  drivers:  efficiency  optimization  and  linking  islands  of  automation.  according  to  a  february  2015  report  by  pwc,  the  majority  of  us  manufacturers  has  deployed  devices  to  collect,  analyze/measure  and  act  upon  data.  the  which  came  with  the  report,  mentioned  data  from  a  survey  conducted  in
__label__productinspection february  2014.  according  to  that  survey  34.6  percent  of  respondents  had  already  implemented  devices  and  sensors  to  gather  this  data  and  another  9.6  percent  was  about  to  implementinternet  of  things  devices  within  a  year.  only  24  percent  of  all  respondents  from  the  us  manufacturing  industry  said  they  had  no  plans  to  implement  devices  to  collect,  analyze  and  act  upon  data.  us  manufacturers  were  using  internet  of  things  technology  in  the  manufacturing  plant  32  percent,  followed  by  the  warehouse,  the  extended  and  the  customer  environment.  when  looking  at  the  usage  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  and  manufacturing,  also  note  the
__label__productinspection importance  of  sometimes  used  interachangeably  with  iiot,  which  is  not  correct  and  the  notion/reality  of  in  the  industrlal  internet  and  industry  4.0.  the  graphic  from  verizons  ,  below  shows  some  data  and  benefits  across  several  use  cases.  in  its  mentioned  forecast  on  the  worldwide  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  market,  idc  also  emphasized  retail  in  an  ongoing  effort  to  digitize  the  consumer  experience.  in  retail  outlets  is  in  fact  the  big  driver  in  2015,  idc  found.  also  remember  how  the  term  internet  of  things  was  first  mentioned  in  a  context  of  supply  chain  management  in  retail  and  consumer  goods
__label__productinspection environment.  it  is  mainly  in  the  optimization  of  processes  and  of  logistics  that  the  internet  of  things  offers  immediate  benefits  to  retailers.  however,  obviously  the  customerfacing  and  inventoryrelated  aspects  matter  a  lot  too.  retailers  are  working  with  the  internet  of  things  for  several  innovative  and  immersive  approaches,  ranging  from  virtual  closets  and  selfcheckouts  to  smart  shelves  inventory  accuracy  and  connected  vending  machines.  on  top  of  the  use  of  the  internet  of  things  for  national,  regional,  supranational,  local  and  governmentrelated  services  often  delivered  by  government  agencies  or  regulated,  semiregulated  and  statesponsored  service  providers  ,  the  internet  of  things  sooner  or  later
__label__productinspection often  involves  government.  think  about  regulations,  for  instance.  or  the  role  of  governments  in  energy.  and  lets  not  forget  security  and  safety.  smart  city  projects  are  what  people  hear  about  most  and  they  get  a  lot  of  attention,  among  others  because  smart  city  applications  are  close  to  the  daily  lives  of  residents.  another  reason  why  smart  cities  are  often  mentioned  is  that  de  facto  smart  city  projects  account  for  a  big  portion  of  internet  of  things  deployments.  think  about  smart  waste  management  often  a  local  matter,  smart  parking  and  environment  monitoring.  to  a  large  extent  smart  city  uses  cases  overlap
__label__productinspection with  internet  of  things  use  cases  in  public  services  as  one  of  the  key  tasks  of  a  city  is  to  serve  the  citizens.  however,  with  public  services  we  also  go  beyond  the  local/urban  level.  the  degree  of  overlap  depends  on  the  way  government  services  are  organized  in  a  particular  country  or  region.  internet  of  things  initiatives  in  citizenfacing  public  services  include  the  already  mentioned  local  ones  but  also  smart  energy  often  with  statesponsored  partners  ,  for  instance.  again,  this  is  a  broad  category  which  can  be  organized  by  several  partners  in  the  government  ecosystem.  smart  grid  is  an  example,  smart
__label__productinspection roads  another  one  in  cases  where  road  infrastructure  is  a  national  or  shared  matter  .  but  also  think  about  applications  such  as  toll  collection.  on  a  national  level  this  certainly  also  includes  defense  and  the  industrialmilitary  complex.  on  more  regional  levels  we  see  applications  such  as  smart  lighting  there  is  a  link  between  lighting  of  public  spaces  and  crime  ,  various  forms  of  identity  control,  surveillance  and  so  on.  last  but  not  least,  there  is  the  role  of  the  internet  of  things  in  security  alerts,  fighting  natural  disasters  etc.  ,  another  sector  going  through  digital  transformation,  and  closely  related  with
__label__productinspection government.  healthcare  is  organized  differently  across  the  globe,  from  funding  to  healthcare  insurance  and  actual  care.  however,  there  is  always  a  government  component.  healthcare  is  a  key  internet  of  things  market.  moreover,  governments  have  a  role  in  public  health  which  can  be  enhanced  by  taking  initiatives  using  the  internet  of  things  and  in  collaboration  with  private  an  statesponsored  partners.  the  same  goes  for  public  safety  by  the  way.  an  example:  collaborations  between  governments  and  insurance  firms,  leveraging  telematics.  the  latter  is  quite  important  as  many  iot  projects  have  an  impact  on  the  funding  of  cities.  a  simple  example:  if  you
__label__productinspection have  a  perfectly  working  smart  parking  solution  in  a  city,  you  lose  revenues  for  all  the  obvious  reasons.  so,  its  not  just  a  matter  of  technologies  but  also  of  finding  creative  ways  to  turn  enhanced  citizen  experience  and  citizen  services  in  a  global  picture  that  is  beneficial  for  everyone.  this  takes  time,  planning  and,  as  you  can  imagine,  given  the  complexity  of  the  government  ecosystems,  lots  of  alignment  and  coordination.  in  some  countries  and  on  supranational  levels  initiatives  are  taken  and  funding  is  foreseen  across  a  range  of  smart  initiatives  where  often  also  cities  and  government  agencies  can  benefit  from
__label__productinspection in  the  scope  of  projects  within  a  designated  area  and  an  agenda  with  a  clear  goal.  at  the  same  time,  governments  get  increasingly  active  in  the  area  of  internet  of  things  security  and  regulation,  as  said,  is  always  nearby.  as  an  example,  take  the  connected  car  of  the  future.  its  pretty  clear  that  governments  will  be  hugely  involved  in  this  and  its  less  obvious  than  it  may  seem.  just  to  give  you  an  idea:  in  some  countries,  traffic  regulations  are  already  a  complete  mess  because  of  the  arrival  of  fast  electrical  bikes.  you  can  imagine  what  will  happen  once  vehicles
__label__productinspection are  connected  and  smart.  the  integration  of  it  information  technology  and  ot  operational  technology  plays  an  important  role  in  this  regard  as  it  did  in  the  fast  rise  of  industrial  internet  of  things.  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things  and  this  it/ot  convergence,  facility  managers  and  building  professionals  can  realize  various  goals.  these  depend  on  the  nature  and  scope  of  the  facility/building.  smart  buildings  are  among  the  fastest  growing  crossindustry  internet  of  things  use  cases  in  the  period  until  2020.  moreover,  research  indicates  that  data  collection  from  buildings  and  other  structures  such  as  hvac  is  already  high.  last  but  not
__label__productinspection least,  the  market  and  evolutions  of  the  bms  are  strongly  impacted  by  the  internet  of  things.according  to  research,  the  internet  of  things  is  one  of  the  dominant  drivers  in  both  spending  and  evolutions  in  the  bms  market,  which  is  forecasted  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  16.7  percent  between  2017  and  2023  according  to  one  of  the  many  studies  regarding  that  .  which  are  leveraged  by  several  building  management  systems  but  whereby  the  bms  plays  a  central  and  connecting  role  as  in  the  end  its  all  about  analytics  and  actions,  whereby  the  building  owner  wants  a  central  platform  which  the
__label__productinspection bms  will  be  and  de  facto  already  largely  is.  in  light  and  room  control  alone  there  are  several  controls  such  as  blind  controls,  ac  unit  controls  and  literally  dozens  more.  the  overall  building  automation  and  management  landscape  exists  since  far  before  the  internet  of  things  existed  and  is  composed  of  various  specializations,  each  with  their  standards  e.g.  knx  in  room  control  or  bacnet  in  building  management  systems  ,  certification  programs  for  green  buildings  ecology  and  energy/ecology  regulations  are  key  drivers  and  for  ot  channel  partners,  technologies,  networks,  solutions  and  of  course  goals  the  goal  of  an  iotenabled  office  space,  building
__label__productinspection or  even  meeting  room  is  not  the  same  of  a  hospital,  even  if  there  are  always  overlaps  .  and  the  standards  already  evolved  to  ip  hvac,  for  example,  requires  entirely  different  capabilities  than  power  management  or  building  management  systems.  thats  why  companies  like  schneider  electric  have  developed  partner  and  system  integrator  certification  programs  for  various  smart  building  specializations  whereby  the  socalled  ecoxperts  is  the  name  of  the  partner  program  can  learn  new  skills,  connect,  expand  into  new  domains  and  even  go  for  multiple  certification  badges  as  the  internet  of  things  is  increasingly  dominating  all  building  domains.  some  of  the  players
__label__productinspection in  these  segments  have  a  more  mechanical  background,  others  an  electrical  background  and  still  others,  such  as  system  integrators,  a  background  of  customization  and  software  plcs.  the  image  below  from  sustainable  cleaning  and  facilities  management  company  shows  a  few  components  in  the  bigger  smart  building  component  picture.  with  remote  healthcare  monitoring  and  medical/hospital  asset  tracking,  monitoring  and  maintenance  as  typical  examples  of  these  initial  applications,  the  face  of  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  is  changing  fast.  whether  its  on  the  level  of  caregivers  and  healthcare  providers,  healthcare  payers,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  the  patient  who  should  come  first  and  demands
__label__productinspection it  or  other  stakeholders  in  the  broader  healthcare  picture:  we  are  moving  from  ad  hoc  and  early  internet  of  things  deployments  and  use  cases  to  a  far  more  important  role  of  the  internet  of  everything  in  healthcare.  the  graphic  below  shows  the  importance  of  remote  monitoring  as  the  main  use  case  in  healthcare  from  a  spending  perspective  until  2020  and  ongoing  growth  in  the  years  after  that  with  some  vital  sign  monitor  devices,  followed  by  ways  how  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers  plan  to  leverage  the  internet  of  things  and,  finally  smart  healthcare  market  growth  data,  based  on  idc,  technavio
__label__productinspection and  grand  view  research.  more  data,  use  cases  and  evolutions  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  via  the  button  below.  among  the  many  typical  use  cases  in  utility  firms:  smart  meters  to  improve  efficiency  in  energy,  from  a  household  perspective  savings,  better  monitoring  etc.  and  a  utility  company  perspective  billing,  better  processes  and  of  course  also  dealing  with  natural  resources  in  a  more  efficient  way  as  they  are  not  endless  and  smart  grids  which  is  about  more  than  the  internet  of  things.  again,  according  to  the  same  research  by  idc,  connected  vehicles  is  the  hottest  us  market  in  the
__label__productinspection overall  picture.  the  connected  car  is  one  of  those  typical  examples  where  the  consumer  internet  of  things  and  industrial  internet  of  things  overlap.  where  smart  devices  and  sensors  have  existed  for  quite  some  time  add  to  that  the  consumer  context  and  you  know  why  it  is  such  a  hot  topic.  stay  tuned  for  more  detailed  overviews  per  industry  with  various  examples  of  applications  in  practice  and  with  various  use  cases  per  sector.  also  check  out  the  sections  and  additional  links  for  forecasts  in  specific  industries,  technologies  and  so  forth.  we  summarized  some  predictions,  looking  at  the  top  trends  for  2017
__label__productinspection which  ovum  released  in  march  2017  and  added  several  more.  when  looking  for  use  cases  you  will  mainly  find  examples  of  scenarios  and  goals  within  which  internet  of  things  deployments  can  be  categorized.  these  use  cases  tend  to  use  a  different  taxonomy,  depending  on  the  research  firm  or  company  that  uses  them.  internet  of  things  examples  in  the  sense  of  actual  cases  and  reallife  deployments  help  you  see  the  business  rationale  behind  implementations.  as  said,  do  check  them  out,  regardless  of  industry  as  the  sought  benefits  and  results  are  often  relatively  universal.  below  are  a  few  examples  weve  explained  previously,
__label__productinspection check  them  out  you  can  also  check  out  a  list.  it  explains  how  abb  robotics,  the  industrial  robotics  division  of  abb,  connected  the  robots  it  sells  to  customers  and  thanks  to  this  connection  enhances  customer  service  and  much  more,  tapping  into  the  power  of  actionable  data  and  insights.  the  case  is  based  upon  information  from  jasper  cisco.  remember  that  smart  cities  arent  just  about  the  internet  of  things  nor  even  about  just  technologies.  more  specifically,  this  internet  of  things  example  zooms  in  on  a  challenge  regarding  environment  and  air  quality  monitoring  in  the  city  of  glasgow.  its  interesting  from  the
__label__productinspection perspective  of  the  goals  but  most  of  all  from  the  viewpoint  of  an  additional  mobile  component,  which  greatly  enhanced  the  citys  possibilities  to  monitor  better  and  in  more  circumstances  than  before.  this  case  is  based  upon  a  case  study  of  spainbased  libelium.  keeping  an  eye  on  rising  water  levels  and  gathering  the  data  in  order  to  warn  people  and  the  necessary  local  instances  faster  in  case  of  a  potential  flood  is  what  this  particular  case  is  all  about.  it  has  a  grassroots  dimension  and  shows  how  the  measurement  of  several  parameters  also,  for  instance  groundwater  levels  can  lead  to  systems
__label__productinspection for  the  greater  good  without  breaking  the  bank.  with  a  range  of  challenges,  not  in  the  least  regarding  ip  connectivity,  the  underground  mine  of  chelopech  in  bulgaria  was  transformed  into  an  internet  of  everything  and  industrial  internet  example  with  several  outcomes  such  as  a  whopping  increase  of  production,  enhanced  safety  for  miners,  communication  possibilities  and  savings,  previously  impossible  maintenance  and  problem  solving  possibilities  and  rapid  insights  in  production  overall.  as  the  ceo  of  dundee  precious  metals,  owner  of  the  gold  and  copper  mine,  put  it  in  2016,  the  mining  industry  needs  disruptive  innovation  too.  and  while  thats  happening  in  chelopech
__label__productinspection and  other  mines  of  dundee  and  others  rio  tinto,  glencore  and  so  forth  ,  many  mines  still  need  to  embark  on  the  journey.  maybe  the  case  offers  some  inspiration.  its  the  essence  of  industry  4.0  and  digital  transformation.  we  tackled  the  internet  of  things  in  smart  buildings  and  smart  facility  management  before.  here  is  a  case  that  combines  the  potential  to  tap  into  new  revenue  streams  in  the  scope  of  facility  management.  dutch  construction/building  and  property  development  company  heijmans  understood  the  potential  of  smart  facility  management  and  smart  buildings  in  office  buildings.  so,  it  started  collaborating  with  a  few  other
__label__productinspection companies,  including  a  natural  ecosystem  partner  in  the  scope  of  office  buildings,  namely  a  cleaning  firm,  to  work  out  a  solution  that  doesnt  only  add  services  for  its  existing  and  future  customers  but  also  makes  the  lives  of  office  workers  digital  workspaces,  cleaners,  facility  managers  and  senior  management  easier  across  a  variety  of  tasks  and  needs  per  identified  target  segment.  this  resulted  in  a  solution  that  offers  a  range  of  control,  planning,  maintenance  and  efficiency  tools  for  each  of  the  mentioned  four  target  groups.  for  the  company  itself  its  a  way  to  expand  its  portfolio,  upsell  and  tap  into  new
__label__productinspection revenue  streams  for  customers  and  anyone  needing  this  kind  of  solution.  as  so  much  data  is  created  and  increasingly  will  be  created  with  the  internet  of  things,  the  decentralized  ways  in  which  these  data  are  generated  need  different  aproaches,  among  others  in  the  ways  they  are  transported,  processed  and  analyzed,  driving  automated  actions.  this  is  especially  important  when  a  large  geographical  area  is  involved,  when  data  needs  to  be  processed  extremely  fast  and  data  is  collected  at  the  extreme  edge  as  cisco  calls  it,  for  instance  on  oil  rigs  or  in  ships.  fog  computing  is  not  the  only  technological  aspect
__label__productinspection to  deal  with  the  reality  regarding  data,  bandwidth,  processing  and  analysis  requirements  of  iot  projects.  there  are  also  numerous  other  technologies,  among  others  regarding  connectivity  as  we  see  below,  that  are  involved.  other  technological  components  include  the  middleware,  the  sensors,  actuators  and  other  hardware,  the  cloud,  the  networks  which  we  tackle  below  and  so  forth.  in  the  future  also  the  5g  wireless  networks  which  bring  new  mobile  approaches  and  solutions  for  some  of  the  mentioned  challenges  will  boost  iot  but  that  is  for  2020  and  beyond.  with  the  huge  challenges  and  opportunities  on  the  front  in  mind  its  key  to
__label__productinspection look  at  the  evolutions  in  edge  computing,  certainly  in  more  industrial  applications  where  analytics  close  to  the  point  of  origin  will  become  more  and  more  important  as  data  volumes  rise,  everything  moves  to  the  edge,  networks  become  more  intelligent  and  resources  need  to  be  allocated  well,  avoiding  too  much  sending  back  and  forth  of  big  data  sets.  more  on  iot  and  the  rise  of  edge  computing  with  data,  drivers  and  explanations  on  the  differences  between  fog  and  edge  in  our  article  on  edge  computing  and  iot  in  2018  and  beyond  via  the  button  below.  while  most  people  think  about  iot
__label__productinspection devices  such  as  smart  meters,  smart  home  appliances,  fitness  trackers,  smart  light  bulbs,  smart  alarm  systems  and,  in  business  and  industry,  for  example  robots  and  cobots,  connected  industrial  assets,  smart  streetlighting  or  intelligent  building  controls,  to  name  a  few,  the  things  that  really  matter  in  iot,  including  these  devices,  contain  several  technological  components,  which  make  them  function  as  explained  in  our  article  on  the  first  layers  of  the  iot  technology  stack,  being  those  things,  iot  gateways  see  next  and  iot  platforms  also  see  next  .  there  are  obviously  lots  of  parts  in  any  iot  device:  sensors,  actuators,  boards,  antennas,  chips,
__label__productinspection microelectromechanical  systems  and  so  forth.  we  wont  go  that  deep  and  look  at  the  most  important  ones:  sensors  and  actuators.  they  are  the  start  of  all  iot  data  capture  and  thus  must  be  accurate.  the  exact  types  of  sensors  there  are  over  a  hundred  depend  on  what  you  want  to  achieve.  in  some  iot  use  cases,  projects  or  devices  you  only  have  a  few  sensors  per  connected  device  ,  in  others  there  are  often  thousands.  the  data  which  are  a  result  of  the  sensing  and  converting  of  any  given  state  or  change  of  state  in  temperature,  presence  of  gases,  location
__label__productinspection and  so  forth  usually  go  from  the  sensor  hub  or  iot  gateway  to  the  cloud  or  a  datacenter.  however,  given  the  described  movement  to  the  edge  and  the  increasing  functions  of  iot  gateways  and  iot  platforms  a  lot  of  iot  data  processing  and  preparation  including  analysis  can  happen  close  to  the  devices  the  edge  or  in  the  mentioned  gateways  and  platforms.  in  a  noniot  context  this  can  also  be  a  manual  actions,  examples  include  the  switching  on  of  sprinklers  when  heat  is  detected,  turning  off  heating  and  ventilation  systems,  triggering  a  robot  to  take  an  action,  putting  a  vibration  or
__label__productinspection locationrelated  correction  system  in  action,  anything  really.  just  as  there  are  many  types  of  sensors,  there  are  many  types  of  actuators  for  various  potential  purposes.  actuators  are  what  enable  semiautonomous  or  autonomous  decisions  take  place  in  the  physical  part  of  the  cyberphysical  system.  the  data  received  by  iot  actuators  are  digital  electric  in  nature  and  include  a  control  system.  the  instructions  get  turned  into  another  type  of  signal  and  energy,  from  switching  things  on  or  off,  rotations,  pressure  and  so  forth.  typically  actuators  then  also  report  data  back  so  the  taken  action  is  known  and,  combined  with  other  data,  can
__label__productinspection be  used  for  more  insights,  analysis  or  simply  alerts.  more  about  iot  devices,  sensors  and  actuators  in  the  mentioned  article  on  the  first  layers  of  the  iot  technology  stack  via  the  button  below.  iot  gateways  function  as  bridges  between  the  things  of  the  internet  of  things,  including  the  data  they  generate  through  sensors  on  one  hand  and  networks,  cloud,  iot  platforms,  data  centers,  and  ultimately  applications  leveraging  this  and  other  aggregated  and  analyzed  data,  on  the  other  hand.  iot  gateways  are  hardware,  software  or  a  mix  of  both.  there  are  several  types  of  iot  gateways  whereby  the  functions  and  possibilities
__label__productinspection they  offer  as  said  increase.  this  is  because  there  are  ever  more  iot  devices,  an  increasing  volume  of  iot  data  and,  last  but  not  least,  a  shift  in  the  way  data  gets  analyzed  to  the  edge  as  previously  explained.  if  you  have  more  data  and  more  complex  and  diverse  ways  to  leverage  more  data  and  build  iot  projects  this  means  that  your  whole  technology  environment  changes  to  deal  with  various  iot  workloads  where  it  fits  best.  and,  thus,  iot  gateways  are  moving  beyond  their  initial  scope  as  some  sort  of  filter  and  bridge  on  the  intersection  of  iot  devices  and
__label__productinspection data  on  one  hand  and  the  networks,  cloud  services  or  datacenters  where  they  usually  get  stored  and/or  analyzed.  a  typical  newer  form  of  iot  gateways  is  an  edge  gateway.  this  has  to  do  with  the  mentioned  rise  of  edge  computing  and  thus  analysis  before  the  cloud,  network  or  datacenter.  data  analysis,  data  aggregation  or  data  filtering  at  the  edge  .  you  can  find  iot  gateways  in  smart  vending  machines,  in  home  automation  applications  aggregating  and  orchestrating  data  communications  between  smart  home  devices  and  sensors  on  one  hand  and  cloud  services  on  the  other  ,  for  the  industrial  iot  iiot  gateways
__label__productinspection and  so  forth.  more  about  iot  gateways  via  the  button  below  where  you  also  find  images  that  are  more  advanced  than  the  one  above  and  more  evolutions  in  the  landscape  of  iot  and  iiot  gateways.  in  some  applications,  for  instance  in  smart  home  solutions,  this  is  relatively  easy  as  there  are  several  general  and  several  proprietary  connectivity  solutions  in  typically  rather  simple  use  cases.  connectivity  is  traditionally  divided  into  solutions  for  pan  personal  area  network,  lan  local  area  network,  wan  wide  area  network,  man  metropolitan  area  network  and  less  in  nan  neighbourhood  area  network.  these  are  concepts  we  know  from
__label__productinspection computer  networking  in  general  since  quite  some  years.  to  connect  from  a  pan  to  a  lan  and  a  wan  or,  lets  say,  the  internet  you  need  a  gateway.  the  rise  of  lpwan  companies  such  as  semtech  lora,  sigfox  and  so  forth  needs  to  be  seen  from  that  perspective  whereby  the  focus  was  on  having  enough  bandwidth,  low  power  consumption  and  so  forth  at  cheaper  prices  than  existing  possibilities.  building  specific  networks,  among  others,  what  made  noncellular  lpwan  solutions  successfull.  today  that  landscape  continues  to  evolve  and  change.  new  3gpp  standards,  the  shift  to  4g  lte  in  the  industry  and  beyond
__label__productinspection are  some  of  these  evolutions.  and  technologies  are  expected  to  become  more  important  in  the  iot  network  layer  overall.  however,  it  is  and  remains  a  reality  that  keeps  changing.  thats  what  ,  author  of  the  internet  of  things  digitize  or  die  says.  if  we  take  a  look  at  the  many  wireless  protocols  and  network  technologies,  nicolas  classifies  them  in  five  categories  whereby  he  takes  their  range  as  a  starting  point.  obviously,  the  various  technologies  within  the  five  wireless  iot  network  layer  segments  which  he  visually  represented  in  the  infographic  below  and  further  explores  in  his  book  have  different  ranges  and
__label__productinspection different  characteristics  on  other  levels  such  as  data  rates  and  much  more.  to  categorize  the  several  wireless  technologies  and  protocols  on  the  network  level,  nicolas  removes  one  of  the  previous  mentioned  types  of  networks  and  also  adds  one:  proximity  or  body  area  networks,  an  increasingly  important  segment,  certainly  as  the  4th  platform  is  nearing.  however,  here  as  well  the  picture  is  evolving.  according  to  abi  research,  for  instance,  one  quarter  of  all  new  iiot  connections  will  be  wireless  whereby  lpwa  is  expected  to  be  the  fastest  grower  until  2021  and  there  is  a  shift  in  the  wireless  area  from  2g
__label__productinspection to  4g  lte.  once  more,  everything  depends  on  the  context  and  the  offering  is  vast:  from  fixed  networks  and  wireless  ip  networks  to  lowrate  wireless  personal  area  networks,  lowpower  wide  area  wireless  solutions  and  even  satellite;  there  is  a  mix  of  connectivity  solutions  for  all  cases.  as  an  example:  in  lowpower  wide  area  connectivity  lpwa,  used  in  applications  that  need  a  long  battery  life,  have  limited  data  needs  and  have  to  cover  a  broader  area,  there  are  several  noncellular  outside  of  the  licensed  mobile  spectrum  actors  of  which  lora,  sigfox,  ingenu  and  weightless  sig  are  among  the  better  known  ones.
__label__productinspection however,  there  are  also  newer  cellular  solutions  licensed  spectrum  of  mobile  operators  with  again  various  forms  and  flavors:  nbiot  narrowband  iot  or  catnb1,  ltem  catm1  and  so  forth.  in  the  cellular  space  we  also  need  to  mention  5g,  as  well  as  3g  and  so  forth  as  youll  see  in  the  example  below.  the  same  diversity  goes  for  connectivity  solutions  in  shortrange  conditions  and  so  on.  the  iot  connectivity  puzzle  is  getting  more  standardized  but  it  is  not  getting  easier  as  new  technologies  and  standards  such  as  new  bluetooth  versions  bluetooth  5,  bluetooth  mesh,  new  cellular  mobile  solutions,  other  forms  of
__label__productinspection wifi  etc.  arise  on  top  of  an  already  vast  ecosystem  of  all  sorts  of  connectivity  solutions,  based  upon  various  standards  which  are  used  in  a  specific  context,  such  as  zigbee  see  example  below,  zwave  and  so  many  more,  including  vendorspecific  approaches,  certainly  in  the  smart  home  space.  weve  covered  an  example  of  an  iot  case  in  the  area  of  air  quality  monitoring  whereby  vehicles  drive  around  to  complement  air  quality  data  from  fixed  systems  previously.  if  you  look  at  the  connectivity  solutions  that  are  used  in  the  case  you  see  two  types  of  connectivity.  and  we  can  even  add  another
__label__productinspection technology:  gps  which  enables  tracking.  you  understand  that  the  more  complex  the  case  think  about  largescale  industrial  applications,  the  more  different  connectivity  solutions  can  be  needed.  the  final  specifications  of  5g  will  be  ready  by  end  2019  but  already  several  large  industrial  iot  companies  are  looking  at  the  possibilities  and  adoption  of  5g  as  the  center  of  a  heterogeneous  network  environment.  5g  is  not  designed  for  iot,  it  is  designed  for  ubiquitous  connectivity  with  data  rates  in  the  range  of  gigabits  per  second.  while  it  is  expected  that  5g  will  only  become  mainstream  towards  the  end  of  the  next  decade
__label__productinspection and  the  decade  after  that  the  promises  and  expectations  are  use,  also  in  and  for  iot.  according  to  research  company  idc  the  broad  enablement  of  iot  use  cases  thanks  to  5g  by  2021  will  drive  70  percent  of  the  largest  2000  public  companies  across  the  globe  to  spend  1.2  billion  on  connectivity  management  solutions.  the  market  potential  of  5g  as  such  is  huge  as  are  the  possibilities  it  offers,  redefining  the  very  concept  of  mobility  and  boosting  the  ubiquitous  connectivity  of  iot  too.  5g  is  not  just  about  higher  data  transfer  rates,  it  is  also  about  reliability,  latency  and  what
__label__productinspection is  known  as  edgeless  computing.  you  can  read  more  about  what  that  means  for  iot  and  how  5g  fits  in  the  context  of  existing  cellular  network  technologies  for  iot  and  other  wireless  iot  standards  via  the  button  below.  below  are  a  few  more  links  to  internet  of  things  connectivity  topics  and  predictions  weve  tackled  on  this  site.  in  order  to  build  an  internet  of  things  solution,  different  components  are  required.  there  are  the  connected  or  tagged  devices,  equipped  with  sensing  and  data  capabilities.  there  is  the  challenge  of  connectivity  which  we  just  tackled,  there  is  the  question  of  analytics.  you
__label__productinspection need  a  strategy.  security  cannot  be  an  afterthought.  the  list  goes  on.  iot  platforms  are  especially  important  in  enterprise  markets  and  come  in  many  flavors  and  shapes.according  to  idc  data  november  1,  2017  by  the  end  of  2020  almost  half  of  all  the  new  iot  applications  that  will  be  built  by  enterprises  will  leverage  an  iot  platform  that  offers  outcomefocused  functionality,  based  on  comprehensive  analytics  capabilities.  in  2017  the  market  was  expected  to  grow  by  116  percent  as  you  can  see  below.  it  is  also  forecasted  that  many  large  organizations  are  deciding  on  the  choice  of  an  iot  platform  that
__label__productinspection meets  their  needs  in  2018  and  2019  so  the  growth  certainly  isnt  finished.  the  fact  that  iot  platforms  are  so  important,  that  so  many  organizations  are  preparing  purchases  in  2018  and  2019  and  that  largescale  iot  projects  are  on  the  rise  have  an  important  impact  on  the  market  of  iot  platform  providers.  some  companies,  such  as  hitachi  vantara,  have  even  redesigned  their  iot  strategy  in  2017,  whereby  getting  a  part  of  the  iot  platform  market  is  an  essential  driver.  iot  platforms  come  in  many  forms  and  shapes.  on  top  of  more  general  and  horizontal  iot  platforms  there  are  specialized  iot
__label__productinspection platforms  for  specific  consumeroriented  applications  and  use  cases,  for  use  cases  in  areas  such  as  building  management  and  facility  optimization,  energy  management,  oil  and  gas,  transportation,  utilities,  manufacturing  and  other  industrial  applications  industrial  iot  or  and  within  those  increasingly  for  edge  applications  ,  for  verticals  such  as  smart  cities  and  so  forth.  what  are  we  talking  about?  its  a  known  fact  since  really  many  years  that  the  number  of  available  ipv4  addresses  doesnt  suffice  anymore.  as  the  internet  continues  to  grow  and  with  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things,  ipv6  essentially  makes  sure  that  we  dont  run  out  of
__label__productinspection ip  addresses  which  are  needed  in  iot  too  and  the  growth  of  the  internet  doesnt  stop.  with  ipv4  ip  addresses  would  become  a  scarce  good  with  all  the  necessary  consequences.  simply  said,  ipv6  guarantees  that  all  things,  whether  it  concerns  all  the  traditional  internet  stuff  out  there  or  the  many  devices  in  the  internet  of  things,  will  have  their  ip  addresses.  why?  well,  the  latest  version  of  the  internet  protocol,  v6,  simply  allows  far  more  ip  addresses  and  thus  enables  the  identification,  location  and  communication  of  more  devices  on  the  internet.  the  math:  ipv4  is  good  for  more  or  less
__label__productinspection 4.3  billion  addresses  its  32bit,  ipv6  128bit  allows  for  340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456  possible  internet  addresses  or  100  for  every  atom  on  the  face  of  the  earth  as  bts  tim  rooney  .  wikipedia  has  a  of  the  various  challenges  and  other  facts  regarding  ipv4  and  ipv6  in  case  youre  interested.  there  is  a  growing  need  for  internet  of  things  services  by  organizations.  today,  many  internet  of  things  projects,  certainly  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  revolve  around  process  automation  and  data  analytics.  there  is  also  a  demand  for  internet  of  things  services  in  other  areas  than  services  around  automation,  and  data  analytics.  and
__label__productinspection in  the  context  of,  for  instance,  smart  homes,  smart  cities  and  smart  healthcare  there  is  a  need  for  specialist  services.  in  practice  and  in  big  projects  many  service  providers  even  need  to  collaborate  as  you  cannot  be  a  specialist  in  everything.  collaboration  is  key.  at  the  same  time  many  de  facto  internet  of  things  deployments  in  real  life  are  about  the  development  of  better  datadriven  services,  both  in  the  sense  of  enhanced  customer  service  and  in  the  sense  of  tapping  into  new  revenues  by  developing  services  in  more  proactive  and  sometimes  even  disruptive  ways,  moving  companies  from  a  product  to
__label__productinspection a  service  business  model.  .  nevertheless,  both  in  consumer  applications  and  industrial  applications,  there  are  many  questions  that  need  to  be  solved.  both  and  also  have  several  duties  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  security  of  when  these  are  processed  in  iot  projects  in  new  regulations.  moreover,  there  are  ever  more  legal  and  regulatory  compliance  rules  whereby  not  just  personal  data  get  protected  but  also  where  iot  and  emerging  technologies  are  regulated  and  security  also  takes  center  stage.  gary  davis,  intel  security  when  accenture  looked  at  the  slowing  down  of  the  at  the  occasion  of  the  consumer  electronics  show  2016,
__label__productinspection the  company  observed  that  in  order  to  bridge  the  gap  between  the  current  decreasing  growth  of  the  consumer  electronics  market  and  the  next  stage  of  increasing  growth,  which  is  expected  to  be  driven  by  consumer  applications  in  the  iot  space  and  wearables,  vendors  need  to  address  these  security  challenges.  the  many  security  challenges  regarding  the  internet  of  things  are  not  just  in  the  consumer  electronics  space.  in  business  applications,  the  security  challenges  of  a  hyperconnected  internet  of  things  reality  are  at  least  as  high,  not  to  mention  the  impact  on  it  infrastructure  and  data  capabilities.  several  ddos  attacks  have  been
__label__productinspection reported  throughout  2016,  including  the  up  to  620  gbps  ddos  attack  which  made  the  website  of  wellknown  security  journalist  bryan  krebs  go  down  end  september  2016.  the  attack  received  a  lot  of  attention,  also  because  it  was  related  with  other  issues  such  as  free  speech  krebs  was  attacked  by  hackers  after  exposing  a  network  of  hackers  for  hire,  the  attack  was  so  intensive  that  akamai  had  to  stop  protecting  krebs  website  against  ddos  attacks  and  google  put  the  site  in  its  project  shield.  fears  are  high  that  soon  such  attacks  and  even  more  intensive  ones  will  become  the  norm.  and
__label__productinspection its  not  just  about  ddos  attacks.  ransomware  is  also  moving  to  the  internet  of  things  and  security  experts  warn  for  cascade  effects  of  exploited  vulnerabilities  in  the  connected  reality  which  the  iot  is.  on  top  of  the  security  challenges,  compliance  and  data  privacy  also  need  to  be  tackled.  obviously  such  a  platform  needs  to  be  highly  secure  as  do  the  communications  between  sensors,  gateways  and  the  platform.  many  iot  enterprise  security  professionals  still  are  not  monitoring  iot  devices  in  real  time,  a  situation  that  is  expected  to  change  throughout  2017  and  2018  as  security  gets  more  attention  and  internet  of
__label__productinspection things  platforms  with  iot  device  monitoring  are  leveraged  rapidly.  cybersecurity  is  one  of  the  key  reasons  slowing  down  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  adoption.  check  out  the  evolutions,  challenges  and  solutions  with  additional  resources  on  iiot  and  security.  moreover,  regulations  are  coming  as  we  tackle  next  and  its  not  just  companies  that  deploy  iot  projects  that  are  investing  more  in  security.  the  whole  iot  ecosystem  with  hardware  manufacturers,  solution  providers  and  integrators  is  inevitably  looking  and  in  some  instances  forced  to  look  at  security  in  a  higher  degree.  on  top  of  security,  there  is  also  the  question  of  physical  safety
__label__productinspection as  mentioned.  some  technologies,  such  as  blockchain,  are  also  looked  into  as  ways  to  provide  a  more  reliable  and  trustworthy  iot.  however,  iot  security  doesnt  just  encompass  data  or  transactions  of  course.  it  requires  that  holistic  approach.  according  to  in  its  worldwide  iot  2018  top  10  predictions  the  company  states  that  by  2020,  the  potential  cybersecurity  and  physical  safety  concerns  which  are  associated  with  iot  devices  will  pressure  cios  at  the  worlds  largest  2000  public  companies  to  increase  spending  on  iot  security  by  up  to  25,  which  explains  the  mentioned  temporarily  neutralizing  of  business  productivity  gains.  the  internet  of  things
__label__productinspection leverages  personal  data  across  several  use  cases.  think  about  driverless  cars,  wearables  for  private  or  healthcare  applications,  telematics  in  insurance,  iot  and  marketing,  the  smart  home,  the  list  is  endless.  this  eu  regulation  affects  all  organizations  which  process  personal  data  of  eu  citizens  data  subjects  who  have  more  and  stronger  than  ever  before  ,  no  matter  where  the  organization  physically  resides  or  the  processing  is  done.  in  other  words:  its  crucial  to  prepare  for  in  general  but  also  with  regards  to  the  internet  of  things.  why?  because  with  the  internet  of  things  comes  a  range  of  technologies,  devices,  use  cases,
__label__productinspection applications  and  processes  which  are  pretty  specific  and  amazingly  overlooked.  if  you  have  or  plan  to  deploy  an  internet  of  things  project  that  involves  personal  data  from  eu  citizens  in  any  way  you  must  know  the  gdpr  and  be  ready  for  it.  in  the  scope  of  iot  projects  with  personal  data  processing  especially  look  at  whether  you  might  need  a  .  ,  also  in  the  eu,  that  will  impact  what  can  and  cant  be  done  with  the  internet  of  things  is  the  .  this  text  for  now  is  not  final  yet  but  once  it  is  will  have  significant  consequences  as
__label__productinspection it  covers  privacy  across  electronic  communication  channels  and  the  draft  text  explicitly  mentions  the  internet  of  things.  it  takes  work  but  we  wrote  a  guide  on  the  internet  of  things  in  the  scope  of  the  gdpr  and  the  eprivacy  regulation  which  will  be  updated  as  other  legislation  and  regulations  are  added,  to  get  you  started.  there  are  also  intentions  to,  for  instance,  regulate  robots  and  ai.  on  the  positive  side  and  security  nor  data  breach  avoidance  cant  be  an  afterthought  in  any  internet  of  things  project  the  regulatory  changes  also  will  drive  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  in
__label__productinspection both  consumer  and  business/industry  applications,  where  data,  privacy  and  security  remain  key  challenges  as  you  could  read  in  the  previous  section  in  security  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things  because  here  is  the  thing:  without  trust  nothing  goes.  as  both  are  distributed  and  blockchain  is  conceived  for  applications  involving  transactions  and  interactions  with  new  forms  of  contracts  as  other  benefits,  it  is  expected  that  the  technology  behind  blockchain  can  serve  as  a  basis  to  keep  a  ledger  of  iot  devices,  how/what  they  communicate  and  data  on  their  state.  distributed  ledger  technology  the  technology  that  essentially  is  behind  the  blockchain  which
__label__productinspection powers  bitcoins  but  can  be  used  for  many  other  reasons  is  seen  as  a  way  to  enhance  compliance  in  the  internet  of  things.  accountability  and  audit  trails  thanks  to  the  use  of  distributed  ledger  technology,  however,  are  not  the  only  benefits  of  the  converge  of  blockchain  and  the  internet  of  things.  according  to  the  company  blockchain  is  a  gamechanger  for  iot.  end  2016  forrester  research  also  zoomed  in  on  the  benefits,  possibilities  and  evolutions.  we  previously  mentioned  how  the  convergence  of  opens  the  door  to  next  generation  technologies.  these  include  new  applications  in  visualization  technology  and  brain  computing  interfaces.  there
__label__productinspection are  more  areas  of  convergence  and  collaboration  between  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  on  one  hand  and  iot  on  the  other  but  its  clear  that  ai  and  iot  simply  go  hand  in  hand  in  myriad  applications.  this  is  also  understood  by  executives.  according  to  the  20172017  edition  of  the  previously  mentioned  ,  iot  will  not  just  become  far  more  integrated  but  also  push  the  adoption  of  artificial  intelligence  while  doing  so.  a  large  majority  of  executives  79  percent  agree  that  in  the  period  from  2017  until  2022  over  half  of  organizations  will  use  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  to  make
__label__productinspection sense  of  iot  data.  if  we  take  a  look  at  the  forecasts  with  regards  to  the  market  of  artificial  intelligence  and  cognitive  systems  which  is  poised  to  reach  57.6  billion  in  2021  according  to  september  2017  data  from  idc,  there  is  an  interesting  sentence  from  research  director  david  schubmehl  at  the  end  of  that  kind  of  nails  it  for  us:  we  are  seeing  cognitive  and  ai  technology  and  solutions  weaving  into  an  ever  broader  and  wider  array  of  applications  and  use  cases.  business  execs  often  dont  even  speak  about  the  use  cases  in  terms  of  moreterms,  such  as  smart  cities
__label__productinspection or  smart  grids.  in  the  end,  they  know  that  they  need  to  digitally  transform,  that  the  internet  of  things  is  a  truly  disruptive  gamechanger  but  their  job  is  to  solve  challenges  ,  innovate  and  optimize  in  function  of  activities  and  goals.  simply  put:  few  lob  executives  will  try  to  sell  an  iot  project  to  the  ceo  and  there  arent  that  many  that  will  try  to  convince  the  board  or  the  cfo  regarding  the  benefits  of  a  smart  metering  project.  but,  to  take  the  latter  example,  they  will  certainly  succeed  if  they  come  up  with  a  way  to  reduce  costs,  gain
__label__productinspection valuable  insights,  develop  new  revenue  streams  and  increase  customer  satisfaction,  for  instance,  certainly  if  they  did  the  math.  but  there  is  a  catch.  its  easy  to  say  that  the  internet,  mobile  phones,  smartphones  and  social  media  changed  many  things  as  they  are  here  since  many  years.  its  far  harder  to  say  how  and  how  fast  and  where  exactly  the  internet  of  things  will  change  our  lives.  we  see  how  it  does  in  organizations,  in  healthcare  where  iot  is  key  in  and  so  forth.  however,  for  the  iot  and  more  recent  realities  such  as  industry  4.0  and  the  latest  forms  of
__label__productinspection ai,  it  is  still  very  early  days  moreover,  these  days  there  are  many  people  who  think  that  technology  will  solve  all  challenges,  which  it  rarely  does.  some  even  seem  to  think  that  because  you  can  add  things  to  the  iot  you  should  everything  which  you  can.  its  part  of  the  hype  and  iot  solution  provider  efforts.  yet,  as  phenomena  such  as  digital  transformation  and  even  the  internet  show  things  dont  always  tend  to  change  that  fast  nor  in  the  directions  some  would  like  it.  with  the  internet  of  things  and  others,  there  are  also  regulatory  measures,  security  issues,  questions  regarding
__label__productinspection job  losses  and  far  more.  while  the  internet  of  things  no  doubt  really  is  part  of  a  set  of  technologies  and  use  cases  that  will  change  many  things  from  cities  and  cars  to  houses  and  factories  were  not  there  yet  and  dont  know  how  fast  and  how  it  will  happen.  there  isnt  a  single  prediction  about  a  basic  aspect  of  the  iot  such  as  the  number  of  connected  devices  by  year  x,  that  has  come  true  over  a  longer  period  and  adjustments  to  forecasts  until  now  have  always  been  reductions.  as  we  covered,  these  things  include  devices,  machines,  sensors  and
__label__productinspection objects,  as  well  as  contextually  relevant  condition  and  status  monitors  of  living  things  such  as  animals  and  people  in  novel  ways.  anything  that  is  attached  as  an  endpoint  with  a  unique  internet  adress  ip  address  to  the  internet  and  can  sense  and  send  data  is  part  of  the  iot.  an  endpoint  is  what  makes  an  object  uniquely  identifiable  on  the  iot.  it  can  be  part  of  a  system,  a  device,  a  tag  which  is  attached  to  an  animal  or  a  sensor  and  communication  system  connected  to  a  human  being.  below  is  an  infographic  by  goldman  sachs  on  the  internet  of
__label__productinspection background  image:  istock/getty  images  iot  devices,  or  any  of  the  many  things  in  the  internet  of  things,  are  nonstandard  computing  devices  that  connect  wirelessly  to  a  network  and  have  the  ability  to  transmit  data.  digital  twin  tech,  or  a  virtual  representation  of  a  product,  is  a  critical  concept  in  iot  thats  still  being  sorted  out.  explore  its  benefits  to  iot,  7  use  cases  and  why  its  important  for  manufacturings  future.  you  forgot  to  provide  an  email  address.  this  email  address  doesnt  appear  to  be  valid.  this  email  address  is  already  registered.  please  .  you  have  exceeded  the  maximum  character  limit.
__label__productinspection please  provide  a  corporate  email  address.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  by  submitting  my  email  address  i  confirm  that  i  have  read  and  accepted  the  terms  of  use  and  iot  involves  extending  internet  connectivity  beyond  standard  devices,  such  as  desktops,  laptops,  smartphones  and  tablets,  to  any  range  of  traditionally  dumb  or  noninternetenabled  physical  devices  and  everyday  objects.  embedded  with  technology,  these  devices  can  communicate  and  interact  over  the  internet,  and  they  can  be  remotely  monitored  and  controlled.  connected  devices  are  part  of  a  scenario  in  which  every
__label__productinspection device  talks  to  other  related  devices  in  an  environment  to  automate  home  and  industry  tasks,  and  to  communicate  usable  to  users,  businesses  and  other  interested  parties.  iot  devices  are  meant  to  work  in  concert  for  people  at  home,  in  industry  or  in  the  enterprise.  as  such,  the  devices  can  be  categorized  into  three  main  groups:  consumer,  enterprise  and  industrial.  consumer  connected  devices  include  smart  tvs,  smart  speakers,  toys,  wearables  and  smart  appliances.  ,  commercial  security  systems  and  technologies  such  as  those  used  to  monitor  traffic  and  weather  conditions  are  examples  of  industrial  and  enterprise  iot  devices.  other  technologies,  including  smart
__label__productinspection air  conditioning,  smart  thermostats,  smart  lighting  and  smart  security,  span  home,  enterprise  and  industrial  uses.  in  a  ,  for  example,  a  user  arrives  home  and  his  car  communicates  with  the  garage  to  open  the  door.  once  inside,  the  thermostat  is  already  adjusted  to  his  preferred  temperature,  and  the  lighting  is  set  to  a  lower  intensity  and  his  chosen  color  for  relaxation,  as  his  pacemaker  data  indicates  it  has  been  a  stressful  day.  in  the  enterprise,  smart  sensors  located  in  a  conference  room  can  help  an  employee  locate  and  schedule  an  available  room  for  a  meeting,  ensuring  the  proper  room  type,
__label__productinspection size  and  features  are  available.  when  meeting  attendees  enter  the  room,  the  temperature  will  adjust  according  to  the  occupancy,  and  the  lights  will  dim  as  the  appropriate  powerpoint  loads  on  the  screen  and  the  speaker  begins  his  presentation.  on  a  plant  floor,  an  assembly  line  machine  outfitted  with  sensors  will  provide  sensor  data  to  the  plant  operator,  informing  her  of  anomalies  and  predicting  when  parts  will  need  to  be  replaced.  such  information  can  prevent  unexpected  downtime,  along  with  lost  productivity  and  profits.  in  the  field,  such  notifications  can  alert  users  to  what  is  wrong,  as  well  as  the  parts  needed
__label__productinspection to  fix  a  problem,  preventing  the  need  to  send  a  field  service  worker  out  to  diagnose  an  issue,  only  to  waste  her  time  driving  to  a  warehouse,  finding  the  correct  part  and  returning  to  the  site.  a  number  of  challenges  can  hinder  the  successful  deployment  of  an  iot  system  and  its  connected  devices,  including  security,  interoperability,  power/processing  capabilities,  scalability  and  availability.  many  of  these  can  be  addressed  with  iot  device  management  either  by  adopting  standard  protocols  or  using  services  offered  by  a  vendor.  device  management  helps  companies  integrate,  organize,  monitor  and  remotely  manage  internetenabled  devices  at  scale,  offering  features  critical
__label__productinspection to  maintaining  the  health,  connectivity  and  security  of  the  iot  devices  along  their  entire  lifecycles.  such  features  include:  available  standardized  device  management  protocols  include  the  open  mobile  alliances  device  management  oma  dm  and  lightweight  machinetomachine  oma  lwm2m.  iot  device  management  services  and  software  are  also  available  from  vendors  including  amazon,  bosch  software  innovations  gmbh,  microsoft,  software  ag  and  xively.  the  networking,  communication  and  connectivity  protocols  used  with  internetenabled  devices  largely  depend  on  the  specific  iot  application  deployed.  just  as  there  are  many  different  iot  applications,  there  are  many  different  connectivity  and  communications  options.  communications  protocols  include  coap,  dtls  and  ,
__label__productinspection among  others.  wireless  protocols  include  ipv6,  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  .  cellular,  satellite,  wifi  and  ethernet  can  also  be  used.  each  option  has  its  tradeoffs  in  terms  of  power  consumption,  range  and  bandwidth,  all  of  which  must  be  considered  when  choosing  connected  devices  and  protocols  for  a  particular  iot  application.  to  share  the  sensor  data  they  collect,  iot  devices  connect  to  an  or  another  edge  device  where  data  can  either  be  analyzed  locally  or  sent  to  the  cloud  for  analysis.  the  interconnection  of  traditionally  dumb  devices  raises  a  number  of  questions  in  relation  to  security  and  privacy.  as  if
__label__productinspection often  the  case,  iot  technology  has  moved  more  quickly  than  the  mechanisms  available  to  safeguard  the  devices  and  their  users.  researchers  have  already  demonstrated  remote  hacks  on  pacemakers  and  cars,  and,  in  october  2016,  a  large  distributed  denialofservice  attack  dubbed  mirai  affected  dns  servers  on  the  east  coast  of  the  united  states,  disrupting  services  worldwide  an  issue  traced  back  to  hackers  infiltrating  networks  through  iot  devices,  including  wireless  routers  and  connected  cameras.  however,  safeguarding  iot  devices  and  the  networks  they  connect  to  can  be  challenging  due  to  the  variety  of  devices  and  vendors,  as  well  as  the  difficulty  of  adding
__label__productinspection security  to  resourceconstrained  devices.  in  the  case  of  the  mirai  botnet,  the  problem  was  traced  back  to  the  use  of  default  passwords  on  the  hacked  devices.  strong  passwords,  authentication/authorization  and  identity  management,  network  segmentation,  encryption,  and  cryptography  are  all  suggested  iot  security  measures.  concerned  by  the  dangers  posed  by  the  rapidly  growing  ,  the  fbi  released  the  public  service  announcement  in  september  2015,  which  is  a  document  outlining  the  risks  of  iot  devices,  as  well  as  protections  and  defense  recommendations.  in  august  2017,  the  u.s.  senate  introduced  the  iot  cybersecurity  improvement  act,  a  bill  addressing  security  issues  associated  with  iot
__label__productinspection devices.  while  it  is  a  start,  the  bill  only  requires  internetenabled  devices  purchased  by  the  federal  government  to  meet  minimum  requirements,  not  the  industry  as  a  whole.  however,  it  is  being  viewed  as  a  starting  point  which,  if  adopted  across  the  board,  could  pave  the  way  to  better  industrywide.  gartner  estimated  the  total  number  of  iot  devices  in  use  to  have  reached  8.4  billion  in  2017,  a  31  increase  over  2016.  and  the  estimations  for  future  growth  of  iot  devices  have  been  fast  and  furious.  at  the  high  end  of  the  scale,  intel  projected  internetenabled  device  penetration  to  grow  from
__label__productinspection 2  billion  in  2006  to  200  billion  by  2020,  which  equates  to  nearly  26  smart  devices  for  each  human  on  earth.  a  little  more  conservative,  ihs  markit  said  the  number  of  connected  devices  will  be  75.4  billion  in  2025  and  125  billion  by  2030.  other  companies  have  tempered  their  numbers,  taking  smartphones,  tablets  and  computers  out  of  the  equation.  gartner  estimated  20.8  billion  connected  things  will  be  in  use  by  2020,  with  idc  coming  in  at  28.1  billion  and  bi  intelligence  at  24  billion.  gartner  estimated  the  total  spend  on  iot  devices  and  services  at  nearly  2  trillion  in  2017,
__label__productinspection with  idc  projecting  spending  to  reach  772.5  billion  in  2018,  14.6  more  than  the  674  billion  it  estimated  to  be  spent  in  2017,  with  it  hitting  1  trillion  in  2020  and  1.1  trillion  in  2021.  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have
__label__productinspection it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  the  u.s.  justice  department  indicted  two  alleged  members  of  the  russian  threat  group  behind  the  dridex  banking  trojan,  known  as  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking
__label__productinspection startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands
__label__productinspection its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__productinspection improving  your  odds  of  success  for  large  scale  change  programs  helping  you  embed  technology  where  it  unlocks  the  most  value  for  your  organization  enabling  your  people  to  accelerate  and  sustain  the  change  our  mission  is  to  help  leaders  in  multiple  sectors  develop  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  global  economy.  mckinsey  quarterly  our  flagship  business  publication  has  been  defining  and  informing  the  seniormanagement  agenda  since  1964.  our  85  solutions  leverage  advanced  technology,  proprietary  data,  and  deep  expertise  to  help  clients  in  new  and  exciting  ways  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  one  of  historys  great  futurists,  might  have
__label__productinspection predicted  the  when  he  wrote,  there  is  nothing  more  difficult  to  take  in  hand,  more  perilous  to  conduct,  or  more  uncertain  in  its  success,  than  to  take  the  lead  in  the  introduction  of  a  new  order  of  things.  the  iots  early  innovators,  who  have  grappled  with  mixed  overall  demand,  a  lack  of  consistent  standards,  and  other  challenges,  would  agree  that  their  road  has  been  difficult.  but,  like  other  visionaries  before  them,  they  have  persisted  in  establishing  a  new  order  because  they  see  the  promise  ahead.  both  consumers  and  the  media  are  fascinated  by  iot  innovations  that  have  already  hit  the
__label__productinspection market.  these  smart  devices  have  sensors  that  communicate  seamlessly  over  the  internet  with  other  devices  or  the  cloud,  generating  data  that  make  the  world  safer,  more  productive,  and  healthier.  in  just  a  few  years,  some  iot  devices  have  become  standard,  including  thermostats  that  automatically  adjust  the  temperature  and  productionline  sensors  that  inform  workshop  supervisors  of  machine  condition.  now  innovators  want  to  enable  more  sophisticated  iot  technologies  for  selfdriving  cars,  dronedelivery  services,  and  other  advanced  applications.  although  some  analysts  are  excited  about  the  iots  potential,  others  have  argued  that  it  is  overhyped.  we  take  a  more  balanced  view,  based  on  our
__label__productinspection extensive  research  as  well  as  our  direct  work  with  iot  application  developers  and  their  customers.  like  the  optimists,  we  believe  that  the  iot  could  have  a  significant,  and  possibly  revolutionary,  impact  across  society.  but  we  also  think  that  the  lead  time  to  achieve  these  benefits,  as  well  as  the  widespread  adoption  of  iot  applications,  may  take  longer  than  anticipated.  the  uptake  of  iot  applications  could  be  particularly  slow  in  the  industrial  sector,  since  companies  are  often  constrained  by  long  capital  cycles,  organizational  inertia,  and  a  shortage  of  talented  staff  that  can  develop  and  deploy  iot  solutions.  for  semiconductor  companies,  which
__label__productinspection are  looking  for  new  sources  of  revenue,  the  rate  of  iot  adoption  is  an  important  concern.  in  this  article,  we  will  look  at  the  case  for  optimism,  as  well  as  the  reasons  for  more  modest  expectations.  we  will  also  examine  new  technologies  that  could  accelerate  the  iots  growth  and  productdevelopment  strategies  that  semiconductor  companies  could  implement  to  increase  the  appeal  of  iot  offerings.  if  we  look  at  the  iots  recent  growth,  the  optimists  have  reason  to  be  encouraged.  consumers  are  more  connected  than  ever,  owning  an  average  of  four  iot  devices  that  communicate  with  the  cloud.  globally,  an  estimated  127
__label__productinspection new  devices  connect  to  the  internet  every  second.  a  report  from  the  mckinsey  global  institute  estimates  that  the  iot  could  have  across  many  different  settings,  including  factories,  cities,  retail  environments,  and  the  human  body  exhibit1.  the  iot  is  also  benefiting  from  infrastructure  improvements  that  have  enhanced  connectivity.  for  example,  only  20  percent  of  the  global  population  is  now  covered  by  lowpower,  widearea  networks  lpwans  that  allow  longrange  communications  among  connected  devices  while  optimizing  both  costs  and  powerconsumption  requirements.  by  2022,  however,  we  expect  that  100  percent  of  the  population  will  have  lpwan  coverage.  similarly,  technological  advances  are  reducing  power  requirements,
__label__productinspection decreasing  costs,  and  promoting  the  development  of  more  integrated  iot  solutions.  consider  lidar  sensors,  the  laserbased  sensor  packages  that  scan  and  detect  surroundings,  which  are  essential  for  autonomous  driving.  their  price  has  declined  more  than  10fold  over  the  past  eight  years  and  is  expected  to  drop  more  than  65fold  over  the  next  two.  this  decrease,  combined  with  the  increased  technological  sophistication  of  lidar,  is  contributing  to  the  development  of  fully  autonomous  cars,  which  could  constitute  25  percent  of  all  vehicle  purchases  by  2035.  many  experts  view  the  iots  slowerthanexpected  growth  within  the  industrial  sector  with  particular  concern.  to  gain  more
__label__productinspection perspective,  we  investigated  how  industrial  companies  are  using  iot  applications  and  tried  to  estimate  whether  businesstobusiness  b2b  growth  might  accelerate.  in  addition  to  basic  research,  we  interviewed  and  surveyed  over  100  leaders  from  various  industries,  including  public  sector  and  utilities,  discrete  manufacturing,  oil  and  gas,  mining,  telecommunications,  technology,  media,  healthcare,  and  pharmaceuticals.  our  interviews  revealed  that  most  businesses  are  adopting  the  iot  only  to  a  limited  extent.  with  the  exception  of  oil  and  gas  and  mining,  leaders  from  all  industries  reported  that  their  companies  often  received  realtime  data  from  iot  sensors.  however,  most  leaders  reported  that  their  enterprise  deployments  were
__label__productinspection still  at  proofofconcept  stage,and  none  have  yet  embarked  on  largescale  programs  exhibit  2.  ,  a  recent  report  from  mgi  showed  that  companies  do  not  analyze  most  of  them.  for  example,  on  an  oil  rig  that  had  30,000  sensors,  managers  examined  only  1  percent  of  data.  whats  more,  business  leaders  seldom  consider  information  from  iot  sensors  when  making  important  decisions,  including  those  related  to  maintenance  planning  or  automation  procedures.  their  reluctance  to  examine  iot  data  stems  from  several  factors,  including  a  lack  of  dataanalytics  staff,  but  the  most  important  reason  is  simple:  as  humans,  we  prefer  to  consult  other  people  for
__label__productinspection advice  or  to  look  back  on  our  own  experience,  when  making  decisions.  although  hard  data  from  iot  devices  are  more  complete  and  objective,  we  tend  to  assign  them  less  value.  before  iot  data  gain  a  more  prominent  role  in  corporate  decision  making,  business  leaders  and  other  important  managersmaintenance  supervisors,  field  service  technicians,  and  retail  merchandisers,  to  name  just  a  fewwill  have  to  appreciate  their  value.  in  our  survey,  respondents  favored  simple  use  cases  that  enable  tracking  data  and  sending  status  alerts  related  to  changes  in  the  physical  world  exhibit  3.  some  companies,  for  instance,  have  placed  sensors  in  food  packaging
__label__productinspection that  track  a  products  location  throughout  the  distribution  supply  chain.  simple  tracking  and  alert  functions  are  relatively  easy  to  deploy  because  they  do  not  require  advanced  analytics,  complex  algorithms,  or  datascience  capabilities,  allowing  them  to  generate  value  quickly.  although  some  innovators  are  enthusiastic  about  iot  applications  for  optimization  and  prediction,  we  expect  that  most  customers  will  remain  focused  on  simple  use  cases,  at  least  for  the  immediate  future.  and  that  means  they  will  not  obtain  full  value  from  the  iot.  iot  devices,  connected  cars,  and  edge  gateways  are  all  potential  entry  points  for  a  and  we  recently  saw  the  full
__label__productinspection extent  of  this  vulnerability.  in  the  2016  mirai  botnet  attack,  hackers  specifically  targeted  iot  devices,  including  appliances  and  routers,  and  disrupted  many  major  internet  service  providers.  the  attack,  the  most  significant  of  its  kind,  was  possible  only  because  of  human  weaknessa  failure  to  reset  generic  or  default  password  and  username  combinations.  this  attack,  and  others  like  it,  demonstrate  that  iot  vulnerabilities  often  result  from  a  lack  of  basic  care  in  managing  and  maintaining  devices.  such  weaknesses  cannot  be  eliminated  through  encryption,  attackdetection  programs,  biometricaccess  control,  or  other  sophisticated  technologies.  that  means  companies  that  want  to  expand  their  iot  efforts  will
__label__productinspection need  to  launch  comprehensive  security  initiatives  that  address  weaknesses  resulting  from  both  technological  vulnerabilities  and  a  lack  of  caution  among  those  who  use  iot  devices.  a  few  important,  and  potentially  disruptive,  developments  could  accelerate  iot  uptake  and  create  opportunities  for  semiconductor  players.  video  analyticsthe  application  of  sophisticated  algorithms  to  video  feedsis  .  for  instance,  data  analysts  can  now  examine  customer  demographics  by  applying  sophisticated  algorithms  to  videos  taken  as  shoppers  browse  through  merchandise.  recent  evidence  also  suggests  that  the  iot  will  benefit  from  audio  captured  on  microphones.  the  costs  associated  with  video  and  audio  feeds  are  falling,  with  sensors  now
__label__productinspection embedded  in  devices  at  low  costunder  2  each.  the  data  gathered  from  these  feeds  are  extremely  rich,  diverse,  and  relevant  to  many  widely  used  iot  applications.  lower  datacommunication  rates,  the  growth  of  5g  data  networks,  and  ongoing  decreases  in  cloudstorage  costs  will  continue  to  encourage  developers  to  find  new  uses  for  video  and  audio.  for  semiconductor  companies,  the  increased  importance  of  iot  video  and  audio  feeds  may  create  an  opportunity  to  combine  hardware  with  endtoend  approaches  for  analytics  and  control.  they  will  have  to  move  quickly  to  meet  customer  needs,  however,  since  the  technology  related  to  advanced  applications,  such  as
__label__productinspection those  that  use  analytics  to  recognize  faces,  is  evolving  rapidly.  semiconductor  customers  may  be  particularly  interested  in  products  that  integrate  hardware  and  software  more  closely,  as  well  as  new  architectures  that  optimize  transmission,  processing,  and  analytics  on  devices,  in  the  network,  and  in  the  cloud.  the  advent  of  standards  that  support  truly  lpwans,  including  lora,  narrowband  iot,  and  sigfox,  will  enable  largescale  sensor  deployment  of  iot  applications  in  many  areas,  including  agriculture  analysis  of  soil  conditions,  safety  citywide  monitoring  of  air  quality,  and  productivity  realtime  logistical  tracking  along  the  supply  chain.  but  the  growth  of  the  iot,  combined  with  the
__label__productinspection increase  in  sensors  and  connectivity,  will  also  make  it  more  challengingto  provide  power  to  untethered  devices  and  sending  nodes.  even  with  longlife  battery  technology,  many  of  these  devices  can  only  function  for  a  few  months  without  a  recharge.  energy  harvesting,  a  process  in  which  energy  derived  from  external  sources  is  captured  and  stored  for  use  in  wireless  devices,  might  resolve  powerrelated  issues.  although  solar  energy  could  provide  an  answer  for  many  iot  applications,  semiconductor  companies  should  also  investigate  other  sources,  such  as  wind,  thermal  energy  derived  from  heat,  and  kinetic  energy  derived  from  an  objects  motion.  optimizing  energy  harvesting,  management,
__label__productinspection and  storage  will  require  companies  to  create  innovative  designs,  at  both  the  silicon  and  system  level.  as  the  iot  expands,  innovators  are  rapidly  developing  complementary  architectures  that  combine  the  following  two  important  features:  the  power  of  ,  which  offers  robust  storage  and  greatly  extensible  computing  power  at  low  cost  the  ability  to  process  and  store  data  on  a  device  or  edge,  or  within  a  network  at  gateways  that  connect  multiple  enddevices  to  the  cloud  multiple  it  architectures  with  these  properties  have  already  reached  the  market,  each  offering  a  compelling  approach.  but  semiconductor  companies  have  an  opportunity  to  go  furtherand  to
__label__productinspection make  more  rapid  progressin  defining  the  future  architecture  of  the  iot.  in  particular,  they  should  focus  on  products  related  to  video  and  audio  sensors,  since  these  devices  are  proliferating  and  generating  significant  amounts  of  data.  many  iot  applications  require  data  to  be  processed  on  the  devices  themselves.  for  instance,  applications  for  autonomous  driving,  surveillance,  and  security  all  have  strict  latency  specifications  that  require  systems  to  respond  immediately  after  data  input.  to  meet  these  requirements,  the  iot  devices  that  collect  the  data  must  process  them  and  use  the  output  to  make  decisions.  applications  that  require  ondevice  processing  are  power  hungry  and
__label__productinspection include  relatively  expensive  components,  such  as  multiple  application  processors.  semiconductor  companies  could  take  the  lead  in  optimizing  ondevice  solutions  for  these  applications.  for  instance,  they  could  create  edgedevice  solutions  for  autonomous  control,  facial  recognition,  and  audio  analytics,  all  of  which  have  different  hardware  and  software  requirements  with  respect  to  computing  performance,  signal  processing,  and  storage.  before  any  company  explores  iot  opportunities,  it  should  take  a  new  look  at  strategy,  including  the  factors  that  it  considers  when  developing  solutions.  both  developers  and  business  leaders  often  focus  on  the  technological  potential  of  the  iot,  including  its  ability  to  collect  and  analyze  vast
__label__productinspection stores  of  data.  but  technological  advances  alone  will  not  make  an  iot  application  more  valuable  or  desirable  to  customers.  instead,  developers  should  focus  on  outcomeshow  a  new  application  will  improve  safety,  financial  returns  for  businesses,  and  convenience.  consider,  for  example,  the  outcomes  that  one  airplane  manufacturer  achieved  by  using  iot  sensors  to  monitor  jetengine  performance.  by  providing  realtime  data,  the  sensors  immediately  alert  the  manufacturer  about  potential  problems,  which  makes  it  easy  to  conduct  preventive  maintenance  and  maximize  uptime.  other  sensors  help  with  partsinventory  management.  together,  these  iot  enhancements  have  contributed  to  9  percent  revenue  growth  and  a  30  percent
__label__productinspection increase  in  engine  availability.  that  means  airplanes  spend  more  miles  in  the  air  and  less  time  on  the  ground,  consistently  reducing  overall  operating  costs.  to  focus  on  outcomes,  companies  will  have  to  coordinate  activities  across  the  value  chain.  in  addition  to  providing  the  that  enable  the  iot,  they  will  need  to  adapt  their  business  modelsa  difficult  process,  in  our  experience,  since  incumbents  often  resist  change.  if  they  fail  to  evolve,  a  startup  or  another  disruptive  player  may  take  the  lead  in  establishing  a  new  approach  to  iot  application  development,  especially  if  new  investors  emerge  to  finance  innovative  ventures.  as  companies
__label__productinspection shift  their  focus  from  technology  to  outcomes,  they  will  need  to  provide  incentives  that  encourage  upstream  vendors  and  customers  to  support  the  use  of  their  applications.  just  as  iot  innovators  tend  to  focus  on  technology,  many  iot  marketing  materials  try  to  appeal  to  customers  by  discussing  the  latest  product  upgrade,  including  better  sensors,  connectivity,  computing  power,  and  analytics.  but  our  experience  has  consistently  offered  one  clear  insight:  users,  both  personal  and  industrial,  are  more  likely  to  adopt  iot  technologies  that  generate  a  positive  emotional  reaction.  consider  ,  where  technology  companies  have  recently  won  many  customers  by  offering  voicebased  productsdevices  with
__label__productinspection basic  conversational  abilities  that  often  respond  to  a  name,  just  like  a  person.  for  instance,  amazons  echo,  a  smarthome  speaker,  answers  to  the  name  alexa  and  can  respond  to  basic  commands  and  questions.  such  qualities  may  create  an  emotional  connection  between  users  and  devices,  and  they  could  be  partly  responsible  for  the  strong  sales  of  voicebased  products.  as  technology  companies  develop  new  iot  offerings,  they  should  ask  digital  designers  to  provide  insights  about  customer  behavior,  since  this  information  might  help  them  create  products  that  prompt  strong  positive  feelings  and  accelerate  adoption  rates.  as  always,  products  will  also  need  strong  technical
__label__productinspection and  analytical  capabilities,  but  companies  are  more  accustomed  to  delivering  such  features.  current  iot  trends  create  an  uncertain  and  sometimes  confusing  picture  of  the  sectors  future  prospects.  when  we  look  at  the  evidence  in  total,  however,  we  believe  that  the  iot  is  poised  to  serve  as  a  major  growth  driver  for  semiconductor  companies.  adoption  rates  have  risen  more  slowly  than  expected,  but  that  should  not  be  a  reason  for  pessimism,  since  many  iot  technologies  are  immature  or  undergoing  development.  semiconductor  companies  and  other  players  can  still  undertake  new  strategies  to  accelerate  iot  growth.  rather  than  focusing  on  technology  upgrades,  they
__label__productinspection could  develop  iot  products  that  truly  improve  customer  outcomes  for  cost,  performance,  and  other  important  metrics.  they  could  also  emphasize  designdriven  insights  about  customer  needs,  including  the  product  features  that  generate  a  positive  emotional  response.  this  new  approach  to  development  will  be  challenging,  but  it  will  accelerate  iot  adoption  and  help  more  customers,  both  personal  and  industrial,  achieve  benefits  from  this  exciting  new  technology.  is  a  partner  in  mckinseys  san  francisco  office,  is  a  consultant  in  the  dallas  office,  and  is  a  partner  in  the  beijing  office.  please  sign  in  to  print  or  download  this  article.  please  create  a  profile
__label__productinspection to  print  or  download  this  article.  create  a  profile  to  get  full  access  to  our  articles  and  reports,  including  those  by  mckinsey  quarterly  and  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  and  to  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  and  email  alerts.  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  youwith  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  theuse  of  cookies  on  this  site,  and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  usingthis  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  select  topics  and  stay  current  with  our
__label__productinspection improving  your  odds  of  success  for  large  scale  change  programs  helping  you  embed  technology  where  it  unlocks  the  most  value  for  your  organization  enabling  your  people  to  accelerate  and  sustain  the  change  our  mission  is  to  help  leaders  in  multiple  sectors  develop  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  global  economy.  mckinsey  quarterly  our  flagship  business  publication  has  been  defining  and  informing  the  seniormanagement  agenda  since  1964.  our  85  solutions  leverage  advanced  technology,  proprietary  data,  and  deep  expertise  to  help  clients  in  new  and  exciting  ways  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  the  network  of  connected  smart  devices  that
__label__productinspection communicate  seamlessly  over  the  internetis  transforming  how  we  live  and  work.  at  farms,  wireless  iot  sensors  can  transmit  information  about  soil  moisture  and  nutrients  to  agricultural  experts  across  the  country.  iot  alarm  systems,  equipped  with  batteries  that  last  for  years,  provide  homeowners  with  longterm  protection.  wearable  fitness  devicesfor  both  people  and  petscan  monitor  activity  levels  and  provide  feedback  on  heart  rate  and  respiration.  although  these  applications  serve  different  purposes,  they  all  share  one  characteristic:  dependence  on  strong  connectivity.  iot  stakeholders  seeking  connectivity  solutions  include  radio  and  chipset  makers,  platform  vendors,  device  manufacturers,  and  companies  in  various  industries  that  purchase  iotenabled
__label__productinspection products,  either  for  their  own  use  or  for  sale  to  the  public.  these  companies  can  now  choose  from  more  than  30  different  connectivity  options  with  different  bandwidth,  range,  cost,  reliability,  and  networkmanagement  features.  this  wide  variety,  combined  with  constantly  evolving  technology  requirements,  creates  a  quandary.  if  stakeholders  bet  on  one  connectivity  option  and  another  becomes  dominant,  their  iot  devices,  applications,  and  solutions  could  quickly  become  obsolete.  if  they  hesitate  to  see  how  the  connectivity  landscape  evolves,  they  could  fall  behind  more  aggressive  competitors.  cellular  5g  networksnow  being  refinedmight  eventually  become  a  universal  solution  for  iot  connectivity.  although  some  global  telecommunications
__label__productinspection networks  and  industrial  applications  now  use  5g,  this  technology  will  not  be  widely  available  for  at  least  five  years,  because  of  high  development  and  deployment  costs.  with  annual  economic  benefits  related  to  the  internet  of  things  expected  to  reach  ,  companies  cannot  afford  to  defer  their  iot  investment  until  5g  arrives.  to  help  business  leaders  identify  the  connectivity  solutions  that  best  meet  their  current  needs,  we  analyzed  13  sectors,  including  automotive,  manufacturing,  construction,  and  consumer,  where  iot  applications  are  common.  in  each  sector,  we  focused  on  connectivity  requirements  for  likely  use  casesin  other  words,  the  tasks  or  activities  that  may
__label__productinspection be  most  amenable  to  iot  solutions.  we  then  identified  the  most  relevant  connectivity  solutions  for  each  one.  in  addition,  we  examined  business  factors  that  may  influence  how  the  connectivity  landscape  evolves,  as  well  as  the  elements  of  a  strong  connectivity  strategy.  when  contemplating  their  options  for  connectivity,  companies  must  choose  among  solutions  from  four  categories:  unlicensed;  low  power,  wide  area  lpwa;  cellular;  and  extraterrestrial.  companies  may  find  it  difficult  to  choose  among  these  technologies  because  each  iot  use  case  presents  unique  requirements  for  bandwidth,  range,  and  other  connectivity  features.  lpwa  options  are  also  difficult  to  evaluate  because  they  are  still
__label__productinspection in  the  early  stages  of  deployment,  and  their  full  potential  and  drawbacks  will  not  become  obvious  until  they  are  implemented  on  a  greater  scale.  these  solutions  are  not  exclusively  licensed  to  a  particular  company,  allowing  the  public  to  access  them  on  any  iot  device  that  uses  this  technology.  unlicensed  solutions  are  relatively  inexpensive  and  allow  businesses  to  manage  their  own  networks,  rather  than  relying  on  a  mobile  operator  to  do  so.  on  the  downside,  unlicensed  technologies  are  vulnerable  to  interference  from  electrical  or  environmental  obstacles,  such  as  a  large  number  of  buildings  that  may  interfere  with  signal  transmission.  they  also
__label__productinspection face  difficulty  providing  connectivity  over  long  distances  more  than  100  meters.  companies  have  various  options  for  unlicensed  connectivity,  all  of  which  have  distinct  features.  for  instance,  wifiperhaps  the  most  wellknown  unlicensed  optionhas  bandwidth  of  up  to  one  gigabyte  per  second.  that  is  higher  than  the  bandwith  for  bluetooth,  zigbee,  and  zwave.  low  power.  wide  area.  in  addition  to  providing  long  battery  life  and  extensive  range,  lpwa  technologies  are  reliable  and  associated  with  low  costs.  no  other  technology  offers  these  four  characteristics  in  combination.  for  instance,  unlicensed  technologies  are  unreliable,  while  cellular  technologies  are  expensive  and  cannot  provide  power  for  multiple
__label__productinspection years  on  a  single  charge.  thus,  lpwa  fills  an  unmet  need  in  iot  connectivity.  only  20  percent  of  the  global  population  is  now  covered  by  lpwa  networks,  so  they  cannot  become  the  default  solution  within  the  next  five  years,  but  their  availability  is  growing  rapidly.  by  2022,  we  expect  that  most  iot  applications  will  use  lpwa  networks,  which  will  make  connectivity  choices  less  confusing.  5g  will  still  not  be  widely  available  at  that  point.  some  companies  have  developed  proprietary  lpwa  technologies,  including  ingenu  formerly  onramp  wireless,  link  labs,  lora,  sigfox,  and  weightless.  the  3rd  generation  partnership  project,  an  organization  that
__label__productinspection develops  connectivity  guidelines,  is  also  working  to  standardize  several  nonproprietary  technologies  that  are  supported  by  many  or  all  mobileequipment,  chipset,  and  module  manufacturers.  these  include  narrowband  iot  nbiot,  which  is  the  newest  lpwa  option  and  was  specifically  developed  for  the  internet  of  things.  other  nonproprietary  technologies  include  lte  machinetype  communications  user  equipment  categories  1,  0,  and  m,  extendedcoverage  gsm  ecgsm,  and  lowthroughput  networks.  each  lpwa  technology  has  different  advantages  and  implementation  requirements.  for  instance,  sigfox  manages  its  own  networks,  while  lora  is  supported  by  more  than  400  partners.  nbiot  relies  on  existing  cellular  infrastructure  for  the  small  pilots  in  which
__label__productinspection it  is  being  tested.  this  will  also  be  the  case  when  nbiot  becomes  more  widely  available  and  is  applied  in  largerscale  programs.  since  the  lpwa  market  is  still  in  its  early  stages,  it  is  difficult  to  predict  which  lpwa  solution  will  emerge  as  the  winner.  current  4g  lte  technology  offers  high  bandwidth  of  up  to  100  megabytes  per  second  and  a  large  range  of  more  than  ten  kilometers.  reliability  and  availability  are  also  good.  on  the  downside,  4g  lte  technology  is  associated  with  high  costsseveral  dollars  or  more  for  a  module  compared  to  less  than  a  dollar  for  wifi.  cellular
__label__productinspection connectivity  also  has  high  powerconsumption  requirements,  making  it  less  than  ideal  for  iot  applications,  where  battery  life  should  extend  over  multiple  years.  companies  can  deploy  4g  lte  connectivity  over  public  or  private  networks.  public  networks  use  the  same  connectivity  infrastructure  as  mobile  phones,  while  private  networks  segregate  devices  into  a  separate  system  by  sublicensing  unused  frequencies  from  mobile  operators  with  enterpriseowned  infrastructure.  some  companies  in  our  analysis  managed  private  networks,  but  most  lacked  the  necessary  capabilities  and  budget.  this  will  also  be  the  case  within  the  wider  population.  this  connectivity  option  includes  satellite  and  other  microwave  technologies.  iot  stakeholders  generally
__label__productinspection use  it  only  when  cellular  and  fiber  options  are  not  feasible,  since  it  has  the  highest  costs.  for  instance,  organizations  within  national  defense  may  use  satellite  connectivity  for  unmanned  drones.  extraterrestrial  options  have  lowtomedium  bandwidth,  high  range,  and  mediumtohigh  reliability  and  availability.  only  a  few  industries  rely  on  extraterrestrial  connectivity  for  iot  apps.  exhibit  1  summarizes  the  different  categories  of  connectivity  solutions.  while  no  connectivity  solution  is  perfect,  we  were  able  to  determine  the  most  appropriate  options  for  each  industry  by  identifying  the  likely  use  cases  in  each  sector.  many  of  these  involved  cost  reduction  and  productivity  improvement.  for  instance,
__label__productinspection companies  in  many  industries  value  iot  solutions  that  reduce  machine  downtime  by  providing  predictive  maintenance,  as  well  as  those  that  give  them  better  visibility  into  the  supply  chain  and  eliminate  bottlenecks.  there  is  not  yet  an  iotbased  killer  application  for  these  services,  or  any  other  task,  but  one  could  emerge  over  the  next  few  years  as  connectivity  technology  advances.  that  could  increase  both  .  our  research  showed  that  connectivity  requirements  often  varied  by  industry,  even  when  the  potential  use  cases  were  identical  exhibit  2.  for  instance,  predictive  maintenance  and  operations  optimization  are  potential  iot  use  cases  for  manufacturing,  mining,  construction,
__label__productinspection and  oil  and  gas.  range  and  reliability  requirements  varied  by  industry,  however,  as  did  the  willingness  and  ability  to  manage  networks.  after  identifying  the  likely  use  cases  and  associated  requirements,  we  determined  what  connectivity  solutions  are  likely  to  gain  traction  in  each  industry  over  the  next  five  years  exhibit  3.  we  believe  that  many  companies  will  switch  from  unlicensed  technologies  to  lpwa  as  it  becomes  more  widely  available,  because  it  better  meets  their  connectivity  requirements.  consider  mining.  one  company  in  this  industry  had  to  run  cables  far  below  the  earths  surface  and  install  frequent  access  points  to  deliver  wifi  connectivity
__label__productinspection at  one  of  its  sites.  it  could  not  use  other  connectivity  technologies  because  cellular  and  extraterrestrial  solutions  cannot  transmit  signals  so  far  below  the  earths  surface.  lpwa  can  penetrate  walls  and  other  barriers  more  easily,  and  it  may  become  the  companys  preferred  connectivity  solution  once  it  becomes  commercially  available  in  its  area.  companies  in  many  other  industries,  including  agriculture  and  manufacturing,  may  also  shift  from  unlicensed  technologies  to  lpwa.  in  fact,  we  could  see  a  situation  in  which  iot  grows  in  tandem  with  lpwa,  since  improved  connectivity  will  increase  both  the  number  of  iot  devices  in  use  and  the  locations
__label__productinspection where  they  are  used.  despite  lpwas  growing  popularity,  cellular  options  will  still  enable  connectivity  for  use  cases  in  numerous  industries.  the  highest  cellular  demand  will  involve  public  lte  networks,  since  private  ones  are  costly  to  build  and  maintain.  satellite  and  other  extraterrestrial  communication  solutions  will  continue  to  play  a  niche  role,  providing  connectivity  only  in  situations  where  cellular  or  fiber  technologies  are  not  feasible.  our  analysis  suggests  that  technology  advances  will  not  be  the  only  force  that  determines  which  connectivity  solutions  become  dominant.  in  fact,  the  following  business  factorsincluding  those  over  which  iot  stakeholders  have  little  controlmay  play  an  equally
__label__productinspection important  role.  most  device  manufacturers  that  create  industrial  iot  solutions  originally  followed  a  payperunit  business  model  in  which  they  charged  a  single  fee  for  each  device  sold  and  made  most  of  their  income  from  longterm  maintenance  contracts.  this  model  inadvertently  created  a  conflict  of  interest  between  customers,  who  wanted  their  devices  to  work  uninterrupted,  and  manufacturers,  who  profited  from  servicing  faulty  devices.  but  this  conflict  may  soon  cease.  manufacturers  are  now  transitioning  to  a  deviceasaservice  daas  model  in  which  they  sell  customers  a  subscription  to  their  products.  the  subscription  covers  both  the  initial  device  purchase  and  later  maintenance  costs,  which
__label__productinspection allows  manufacturers  to  make  money  even  if  the  products  do  not  require  service.  in  fact,  they  have  an  incentive  to  keep  their  devices  running,  since  service  costs  could  reduce  their  revenues.  to  facilitate  the  daas  model,  manufacturers  want  connectivity  solutions  that  allow  them  to  connect,  monitor,  and  perform  updates  remotely.  lpwa  solutions  best  meet  their  needs,  since  unlicensed  technologies  such  as  wifi  do  not  work  well  in  noisy  environments  with  a  lot  of  electrical  and  environmental  interference,  including  those  in  manufacturing  plants.  although  iot  connectivity  chipsets  may  be  relatively  inexpensive,  companies  may  face  additional  costs  to  enable  the  solutions,  including
__label__productinspection those  for  modules,  retrofitting,  and  infrastructure.  for  instance,  companies  may  pay  less  than  a  dollar  for  a  wifi  module,  but  they  might  need  to  purchase  multiple  access  points,  install  wiring,  and  undertake  system  integration  to  enable  connectivityall  costly  endeavors.  if  lpwa  is  an  option  in  such  circumstances,  companies  may  favor  it  because  their  associated  costs  will  be  lower.  even  connectivity  technologies  in  the  same  category  can  have  different  associated  costs,  and  this  may  determine  what  solution  a  company  chooses.  consider  the  various  lpwa  options.  while  companies  must  build  communication  towers  and  purchase  modules  to  deploy  sigfox  connectivity,  nbiot  requires  only
__label__productinspection a  module  purchase,  since  it  can  use  existing  cellular  infrastructure.  some  iot  connectivity  solutions  are  easier  to  deploy  because  they  have  a  strong  ecosystem  that  supports  their  use.  for  example,  lora  is  an  attractive  lpwa  option  because  there  are  already  hundreds  of  members  in  the  lora  alliance,  and  the  numbers  are  growing.  some  emerging  connectivity  solutions  remain  untested  on  a  large  scale.  consider  nbiot,  a  new  lpwa  technology  that  can  be  deployed  through  existing  cellular  infrastructure  and  has  very  low  power  requirements.  this  technology  is  not  widely  available  commercially,  although  it  is  being  tested  in  pilots.  it  may  thus  be
__label__productinspection at  a  disadvantage  against  other  lpwa  solutions  such  as  lora  and  sigfox  that  have  been  on  the  market  for  several  years  and  are  now  part  of  a  growing  ecosystem.  as  companies  design  their  iot  strategy,  they  must  be  open  to  change,  adapting  their  game  plan  to  suit  new  connectivity  standards  and  customer  preferences  for  simplicity.  likewise,  they  should  be  prepared  to  investigate  new  business  models,  since  advances  in  iot  connectivity  may  open  some  surprising  opportunities.  multiple  groups  are  attempting  to  establish  connectivity  standards  for  iot,  including  the  industrial  internet  consortium  and  individual  companies  that  sponsor  openstandard  initiatives.  such  groups  have
__label__productinspection successfully  set  standards  for  connectivity  in  other  technological  spheres,  but  their  efforts  often  move  slowly,  which  can  delay  growth.  some  consortia  of  companies  and  single  strong  players  are  also  attempting  to  set  de  facto  standards  before  standardsetting  bodies  can  align  and  define  one.  experience  with  other  technologies  suggests  that  the  iot  connectivity  standards  that  are  most  likely  to  become  dominant  will  provide  clear  value  for  all  stakeholders,  such  as  reduced  costs  or  technical  advantages.  they  will  also  have  the  support  of  all  players  within  one  or  more  strong  ecosystems  that  cover  a  large  number  of  products.  finally,  the  preferred  standards
__label__productinspection will  allow  for  rapid  rollout  and  scaleup,  as  well  as  easy  adoptionsomething  that  is  more  likely  to  occur  if  they  have  the  support  of  a  partnership  or  multiple  groups.  until  iot  stakeholders  have  more  certainty  about  standards,  they  must  remain  flexible.  for  instance,  ericsson  and  huawei  are  introducing  different  versions  of  nbiot,  but  it  is  unclear  which  one  will  become  more  popular.  therefore,  platform  vendors  that  want  to  enable  outofthebox  device  connectivity  for  iot  offerings  may  want  to  make  their  products  compatible  with  both  versions.  while  this  strategy  ensures  that  devices  can  communicate,  it  also  creates  additional  complexity  and  could
__label__productinspection potentially  increase  product  costs.  we  have  talented  engineers  and  leadingedge  technology  companies  to  thank  for  the  wealth  of  connectivity  technologies  now  available  or  in  development.  the  most  sophisticated  and  complex  solutions  reflect  well  on  the  technological  prowess  of  their  creators,  and  they  may  be  best  suited  for  many  products.  within  iot,  however,  companies  must  focus  on  use  cases,  rather  than  technological  sophistication,  when  selecting  connectivity  solutions.  that  means  they  should  be  satisfied  with  connectivity  solutions  that  satisfy  the  basic  requirements  for  device  functionality,  even  if  more  advanced  options  are  available,  if  they  can  procure  them  at  a  lower  cost.  one
__label__productinspection of  the  greatest  needs  in  iot  is  ubiquitous  connectivitythe  ability  to  connect  to  any  device,  regardless  of  location.  mobile  virtualnetwork  operators  mvnos  are  the  only  players  who  currently  provide  this  capability.  these  players  lease  wireless  capacity  from  other  companies  that  own  cellular  networks  in  various  locationsideally,  in  every  major  country.  they  then  resell  their  capacity  to  iot  stakeholders,  such  as  device  manufacturers.  mvnos  will  not  necessarily  emerge  as  the  leaders  in  iot  connectivity,  however,  because  they  do  not  bridge  the  gap  between  companies  that  must  use  the  same  application.  for  instance,  if  a  shipping  company  is  offloading  boxes  to  a
__label__productinspection truck,  it  needs  to  hand  over  its  data  to  the  trucking  company  and  then  to  the  factory  where  the  boxes  will  eventually  arrive.  companies  that  develop  connectivity  solutions  to  bridge  these  gaps  could  emerge  as  iot  leaders.  iot  is  complex  by  nature,  with  devices  and  apps  requiring  the  cooperation  of  multiple  vendors.  likewise,  providing  endtoend  iot  connectivity  can  be  complicated  because  it  requires  multiple  vendors  and  companies  may  find  that  they  need  different  solutions  for  their  potential  use  cases.  winning  companies  will  try  to  sort  through  the  confusion  and  establish  connectivity  solutions  now,  even  though  uncertainty  abounds,  so  they  can
__label__productinspection emerge  as  leaders  in  iot.  is  a  partner  in  mckinseys  ,  is  a  partner  in  the  ,  and  is  a  consultant  in  the  .  please  sign  in  to  print  or  download  this  article.  please  create  a  profile  to  print  or  download  this  article.  create  a  profile  to  get  full  access  to  our  articles  and  reports,  including  those  by  mckinsey  quarterly  and  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  and  to  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  and  email  alerts.  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  youwith  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  theuse
__label__productinspection of  cookies  on  this  site,  and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  usingthis  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  select  topics  and  stay  current  with  our  latest  insights
__label__productinspection this  ericsson  white  paper  describes  the  evolution  of  cellular  iot  from  the  more  basic  use  cases  and  less  demanding  characteristics  of  massive  iot,  through  the  more  demanding  use  cases  expected  to  be  addressed  by  broadband  iot  and  onward  to  the  extremely  demanding  use  cases  that  are  expected  to  be  addressed  by  critical  iot  and  industrial  automation  iot.  these  will  be  enabled  following  the  deployment  of  enhanced  lte  networks  and  5g  nr  technology.  cellular  iot  has  been  widely  adopted  across  the  globe,  with  2g  and  3g  connectivity  enabling  many  early  iot  applications.  greater  bandwidth,  lower  latency  and  increased  support  for  large
__label__productinspection volumes  of  devices  per  cell  are  coming  to  the  market  with  4g  offerings.  these  will  be  enhanced  further  with  the  arrival  of  5g  networks,  initially  enabled  by  the  5g  new  radio  nr  standard,  which  will  enable  ultrareliable  low  latency  communications  urllc  that  support  increasingly  critical  applications.  cellular  iot  therefore  has  the  capability  to  address  both  the  relatively  simpler  requirements  of  the  massive  iot  market  as  well  as  the  highly  specific,  sensitive  demands  of  complex  environments  and  applications.  the  number  of  cellular  iot  connections  enabled  by  narrowband  iot  nbiot  and  long  term  evolution  for  machines  ltem  continuesto  grow.  the  number  of
__label__productinspection devices  connected  by  massive  iot  and  other  emerging  cellular  technologies  is  forecast  to  reach  4.1  billion  by  2024.  cellular  iot  itself  is  a  rapidly  growing  ecosystem  based  on  3gpp  global  standards,  supported  by  an  increasing  number  of  mobile  network  providers  as  well  as  device,  chipset,  module  and  network  infrastructure  vendors.  it  offers  better  performance  than  other  low  power  wide  area  lpwa  network  technologies  in  terms  of  unmatched  global  coverage,  quality  of  service,  scalability,  security  and  the  flexibility  to  handle  the  different  requirements  for  a  comprehensive  range  of  use  cases.  this  growth  in  iot  connectivity  is  expected  to  accelerate,  driven  by
__label__productinspection two  main  factors:  this  paper  will  describe  the  expected  evolution  of  radio  access  networks  ran  for  cellular  iot  and  define  connectivity  requirements  into  clear  market  segments  that  are  aligned  with  the  many  use  cases  spanning  different  industry  verticals  as  they  pursue  full  digitalization.  in  addition  to  massive  iot,  which  provides  cellular  connectivity  to  low  complexity  iot  devices  based  on  nbiot  and  category  m  catm  technologies,  ericsson  now  definesthree  iot  segments  broadband  iot,  critical  iot  and  industrial  automation  iot.  see  figure  1:  cellular  iot  segments  adopts  the  capabilities  of  mobile  broadband  connectivity  for  iot  by  providing  much  higher  data  rates  and
__label__productinspection lower  latencies  than  massive  iot,  while  utilizing  functionalities  that  are  specific  to  machine  type  communications  mtc  for  coverage  extension  and  extended  device  battery  life.  this  segment  targets  a  wide  range  of  use  cases  in  automotive,  drones,  augmented  reality/virtual  reality  ar/vr,  utilities,  manufacturing  and  wearables,  based  on  4g  and  5g  nr  radio  access  technologies.  pushes  the  boundaries  of  cellular  iot  even  further  by  enabling  extremely  low  latencies  and  ultrahigh  reliability  at  a  variety  of  data  rates.  this  segment  addresses  extreme  connectivity  requirements  of  many  advanced  wide  area  and  local  area  applications  in  intelligent  transportation  systems,  smart  utilities,  remote  healthcare,  smart  manufacturing
__label__productinspection and  fully  immersive  ar/vr.  powered  by  the  most  innovative  capabilities  of  5g  nr,critical  iot  is  expected  to  enable  many  new  use  cases  within  the  iot  arena.  finally,  the  segment  provides  advanced  cellular  iot  functionalities  tailored  for  advanced  industrial  automation  in  conjunction  with  the  other  cellular  iot  segments.  it  includes  radio  access  network  ran  capabilities  to  facilitate  the  support  of  deterministic  networks  which,  together  with  ethernetbased  protocols  and  other  industrial  protocols,  will  enable  many  advanced  industrial  automation  applications.these  applications  have  extremely  demanding  connectivity  requirements  and  requirevery  accurate  indoor  positioning  and  distinct  architecture  and  security  attributes.industrial  automation  iot  reinforced  by  critical  iot
__label__productinspection connectivity  is  the  key  enabler  for  the  full  digitalization  of  industry  4.0  for  the  worlds  manufacturers,  the  oil  and  gas  sectors  as  well  as  smart  grid  components  for  energy  distribution  companies.  with  effective  use  of  techniques  such  as  network  slicing  and  radio  resource  partitioning  1,  all  cellular  iot  segments  can  be  supported  in  a  single  ran  allowing  mnos  to  optimize  their  assets  and  provide  the  best  service  to  their  customers.  massive  iot  connectivity  targets  huge  volumes  of  lowcomplexity  devices  that  infrequently  send  or  receive  messages.  the  traffic  is  often  tolerant  of  delay  and  typical  use  cases  include  lowcost  sensors,  meters,
__label__productinspection wearables  and  trackers.  such  devices  are  often  deployed  in  challenging  radio  conditions  such  as  in  basement  of  a  building.  therefore,  they  require  extended  coverage  and  may  rely  solely  on  a  battery  power  supply  which  puts  extreme  requirements  on  the  devices  battery  life.  3gpp  standardized  three  new  technologies  for  massive  mtc  in  release  13:  ec  gsmiot,  ltem  and  nbiot.  ltem  extends  lte  with  new  features  for  improved  battery  life,  extended  coverage  and  support  for  lowcomplexity  device  category  series,  named  catm.  nbiot  is  a  standalone  radio  access  technology  based  on  the  fundamentals  of  lte  that  enables  extreme  coverage  and  extended  battery  lives
__label__productinspection for  ultralow  complexity  devices.  the  radio  coverage  per  base  station  is  extended  by  means  of  repeating  the  transmissions,  exploiting  relaxed  requirements  on  data  rate  and  latency.  a  device  can  be  allowed  to  sleep  for  extended  periods  of  time  with  extended  discontinuous  reception  edrx  andpower  saving  mode  psm  functionalities,  which  significantly  enhances  its  battery  life.the  complexity  of  catm  and  nbiot  devices  is  kept  low  by  the  utilization  of  narrow  bandwidths,  halfduplex  operation  and  the  incorporation  of  a  single  transmitandreceive  antenna  on  the  device.  catm  devices  have  relatively  greater  capability  and  are  more  complex  than  nbiot  devices.  nbiot  supports  200  khz  bandwidth,
__label__productinspection whereas  catm  supports  1.4  mhz  bandwidth  with  catm1  and  5  mhz  bandwidth  with  catm2.  although  catm  can  operate  infullduplex  mode,  todays  catm  ecosystem  supports  only  halfduplex  operationto  limit  device  complexity  and  power  consumption.  catm  and  nbiot  should  target  complimentary  use  cases.  catm  is  better  suited  for  applications  that  require  relatively  higher  throughput,  lower  latency,  connected  mode  mobility,  better  positioning  and  voice  connections.  typical  catm  use  cases  include  wearables,  sensors,  trackers,  alarm  panels  and  customer  support  buttons,  all  with  support  for  data  and  voice  connections.  on  the  other  hand,  nbiot  is  the  technology  of  choice  for  very  low  throughput  applications  that
__label__productinspection are  tolerant  of  delay  but  require  extreme  coverage,  such  as  simple  utility  meters  and  sensors  deployed  in  challenging  radio  conditions.  an  additional  advantage  for  service  providers  is  that  nbiot  can  be  deployed  in  theguardband  of  an  lte  carrier  making  use  of  the  spectrum  that  is  otherwise  unused.  catm  and  nbiot  are  considered  futureproof  and  seen  as  5g  technologies  2,  3.  they  can  efficiently  coexist  with  5g  nr  in  the  same  spectrum  and  already  fulfill  all  5g  massive  mtc  requirements,  as  set  out  in  the  imt2020  and  3gpp  standards,  in  terms  of  coverage,  latency,  data  rate,  battery  life  and  connection  density
__label__productinspection 4,5.  catm  and  nbiot  are  being  further  enhanced  in  3gpp  rel16.  broadband  iot  connectivity  provides  superior  performance  in  terms  of  lower  latencyand  higher  throughput  than  the  massive  iot  segment.  typical  applications  are  advanced  wearables,  aerial  and  ground  vehicles,  ar/vr  enabled  devices  and  sensors  that  require  greater  capabilities  than  catm  or  nbiot  can  provide.  lte  has  a  range  of  device  categories  wellsuited  for  such  applications.  for  example,  lte  is  already  providing  cellular  connectivity  to  millions  of  modern  cars.  there  are  lte  capable  smart  watches  in  the  market  andlteconnected  drones  are  coming  next  6.  lte  offers  high  spectral  efficiency  and  data  rates,
__label__productinspection low  latencies  and  has  been  enhanced  with  extended  device  battery  life  and  improved  coverage.  with  advanced  multiantenna  solutions  and  carrier  aggregation,  lte  enables  peak  rates  in  the  multigbps  range.  added  to  this,  there  are  mechanisms  for  fast  connection  establishment  and  data  delivery.  with  instant  transmission  schemes,  the  radio  interface  latency  can  be  as  low  as  about  10ms.  the  vendor  specific  lte  scheduler  has  advanced  priority  handling  mechanisms  to  provide  superior  performance  to  a  selected  group  of  users.  lte  devices  can  operate  in  an  extended  coverage  mode  while  supporting  low  throughput  iot  applications.  an  optimized  switching  mechanism  between  normal  coverage  and
__label__productinspection extended  coverage  modes  allows  a  user  to  experience  superior  data  rates  when  in  areasof  good  coverage  and  to  access  low  data  rates  in  challenging  radio  conditions.  for  example,  a  connected  car  can  support  high  data  rate  applications,  such  as  for  infotainment,  in  a  location  that  has  normal  coverage  but,  when  it  is  parked  underground  in  challenging  radio  conditions,  it  can  utilize  the  coverage  extension  mode  to  enable  low  data  rate  applications.the  features  for  enhanced  battery  life  edrx  and  psm  are  also  supported  and  can  be  useful  for  some  applications,  for  example,  for  smart  wearables  and  tracking  of  vehicles.  the  introduction
__label__productinspection of  nr  is  going  to  expand  the  capability  of  broadband  iot.  nrbased  broadband  iot  would  operate  in  both  old  and  new  spectrum  with  much  wider  bandwidths  and  new  functionalities  to  support  even  greater  throughputs,  extending  into  the  tens  of  gbps,  and  reducing  latency  to  about  5ms.  critical  iot  connectivity  enables  extremely  low  radio  interface  latency,  down  to  about  1ms,  or  high  reliability  of  up  to  99.9999,  with  strict  latency  bounds  at  a  variety  of  data  rates.  the  reliability  is  defined  as  the  probability  of  successful  data  delivery  within  a  bounded  latency.  there  are  use  cases  in  smart  grids,  smart  manufacturing,
__label__productinspection intelligent  transportation  systems,  healthcare  and  fully  immersive  ar/vr  that  may  require  520ms  endtoend  latency  and  reliability  as  high  as  99.9999.  many  use  cases  require  realtime  control  and  coordination  between  machines  7.  examples  include:  automation  of  energy  distribution,  detection  and  restoration  of  faults  in  a  smart  power  grid,  realtime  control  of  manufacturing  robots,  and  realtime  coordination  between  autonomous  vehicles  and  the  transportation  infrastructure.  there  are  also  applications  with  human  interaction,  such  as  teleoperated  driving  and  remote  surgery  that  demand  high  reliability.  however,  since  the  stimuli  perception  and  reaction  times  for  humans  are  slower  than  for  advanced  machines,  the  latency  requirements  may
__label__productinspection not  be  as  demanding  for  these  applications.  5g  nr  is  a  clear  technology  of  choice  for  enabling  critical  iot.  even  in  its  first  3gpp  release  in  2018,  rel15,  nr  has  greater  functionality  than  lte  for  enabling  urllc.  nr  operates  in  a  broader  range  of  frequencies  with  much  larger  bandwidths  than  lte  to  provide  much  higher  throughputs  to  a  larger  number  of  devices  with  extremely  low  latency  and  ultrahigh  reliability.  there  is  a  clear  future  evolution  path  for  nr.  the  standardization  of  nrbased,  enhanced  urllc  is  already  in  progress  in  3gpp  rel16  8.  nr  can  support  critical  iot  in  all  its
__label__productinspection frequency  bands  to  enable  wide  area  and  local  areause  cases,  as  illustrated  in  figure  2.  in  the  low  frequency  bands  with  paired  spectrum  allocations,  nr  frequency  division  duplex  fdd  achieves  extremely  low  latencies  and  ultrahigh  reliabilities  with  large  coverage  areas  per  base  station  because  of  favorableradio  wave  propagation.  however,  the  channel  bandwidths  are  limited  in  the  low  bandsand  therefore  these  bands  should  primarily  target  wide  area  users.  in  the  mid  bands,  nr  offers  a  good  balance  of  capacity  and  coverage  and  is  wellsuitedfor  diverse  local  area  and  wide  area  use  cases.  for  unpaired  spectrum  allocations  in  themid  bands,  nr  time
__label__productinspection division  duplex  tdd  achieves  ultrahigh  reliability  with  advanced  antenna  solutions.  however,  it  may  not  be  possible  to  achieve  extremely  low  latencies  with  a  downlinkheavy  static  tdd  transmission  pattern  typically  optimized  for  downlinkheavy  enhanced  mobile  broadband  embb  traffic.  for  certain  localized  deployments  such  as  factories  with  sufficient  isolation,  a  lowlatency  favorable  transmission  pattern  can  bea  viable  option.  in  the  high  frequency  mmwave  bands,  nr  tdd  achieves  extremely  low  latencies  with  its  ultrashort  transmission  capability  9.  the  mmwave  bands  offer  much  wider  channel  bandwidths  that  allows  nr  to  support  a  large  number  of  critical  iot  users  at  high  data  rates.  preliminary  evaluations
__label__productinspection have  shown  that  ultrahigh  reliability  levels  canbe  achieved  in  the  high  bands  with  advanced  antenna  techniques.  figure  2:  5g  nr  provides  critical  iot  connectivity  in  all  its  frequency  bands  targeting  wide  and  local  area  use  cases.  nr  has  a  large  set  of  functionalities  for  enabling  urllc.  its  extreme  low  latency  features  include  ultrashort  duration  transmissions,  instant  transmission  mechanisms  to  minimize  delays  for  data  awaiting  transmission,  rapid  retransmission  protocols  that  minimize  feedback  delays  from  a  receiver  to  the  transmitter,  instant  preemption  and  prioritization  mechanisms,  interruptionfree  handovers  between  base  stations  and  fast  processing  capabilities  of  devices  and  base  stations.  the  ultrahigh  reliability
__label__productinspection features  include  a  range  of  signal  transmission  formats  that  are  adaptable  in  harsh  radio  conditions.  there  are  methods  for  duplicate  transmissions  to  provide  reliability  through  diversity,  for  example,via  carrier  aggregation  or  multisite  connectivity.  with  advanced  antenna  solutions,  there  is  tremendous  potential  to  improve  the  link  budget.  the  vendor  specific  scheduling  algorithms  and  link  adaptation  algorithms  are  at  the  heart  of  nr  to  ensure  an  optimized  utilization  of  available  resources.  for  a  given  deployment,  there  are  fundamental  tradeoffs  between  latency,  reliability,  coverage  and  spectral  efficiency.  for  instance,  ultrashort  transmissions  that  target  extremely  low  latencies  can  reduce  signal  coverage  per  base  station
__label__productinspection and  robust  signal  transmissions  require  more  radio  resources  which  reduces  throughput  per  base  station.nr  provides  a  great  degree  of  freedom  to  optimize  these  tradeoffs.  3gpp  rel15  evaluations  have  already  confirmed  that  the  nr  radiointerface  can  deliver  a  small  sized  message  with  99.999  reliability  within  a  1ms  latency  bound  in  both  uplink  and  downlink  10,11.  3gpp  rel16  is  further  evaluating  99.9  to  99.9999  reliabilities  within  1msto  7ms  latency  bounds  at  various  data  rates  from  kbps  to  mbps  8.  industrial  automation  iot  as  a  segment,  covers  solutions  primarily  for  a  manufacturing  setup  but  also  others  that  share  common  requirements  from  an  industrial
__label__productinspection network  perspective  such  as  control  systems  for  railways  as  well  as  power  generation  and  distribution.  as  we  move  to  industry  4.0,  the  legacy  of  industry  3.0  reflects  an  infrastructure  framework  within  a  factory  of  hierarchical  communication  that  is  isolated  from  physical  hardware  because  of  technology  limitations  and  security  needs.  here  different  networking  technologies  are  used,  customized  to  hyperlocalized  use  cases,  leading  to  inflexible  configurations  and  a  high  cost  of  maintenance  and  integration  of  these  dedicated  and  proprietary  technologies.  industry  4.0  envisions  a  factory  where  all  devices  and  elements,  including  the  very  product  as  its  output,  are  fully  connected,  utilizing  flexible
__label__productinspection and  open  standard  connectivity  solutions  as  well  as  incorporating  internet  and  cloud  technologies.  an  industrial  network  is  focusedon  enabling  manufacturing  with  connectivity  across  all  levels  ranging  from  specific  areason  the  shop  floor  to  systems  and  processes  that  are  beyond  the  manufacturing  site  itself.  ethernet  and  ip  connections  are  commonly  used  between  these  extremes  but  the  connection  of  specific  shop  floor  activities  is  usually  handled  by  proprietary  fieldbus  or  industrial  ethernet  products  which  are  integrated  with  the  rest  of  the  facility  via  gateways.  cellular  networks  are  the  key  enabler  for  industry  4.0  using  a  nonpublic  network  atfactory  premises.  this  allows  us
__label__productinspection to  address  the  range  of  connectivity  requirements,  some  yet  unfulfilled,  while  replacing  the  multitude  of  different  currently  deployed  technologies.  these  varying  use  case  requirements  range  from  environmental  sensors  and  trackers  for  inventory  and  supply  management  to  more  demanding  connectivity  for  automated  guided  vehicles  agv,  to  the  most  demanding  realtime  sensors  and  robotics  on  the  assembly  line  which  are  typically  wired.  this  means  that  an  industrial  network  is  built  using  a  combination  of  massive,  broadband  and  critical  iot,  with  industrial  automation  iot,  based  on  5g  nr,  addressing  the  gaps  in  capability.  there  is  however  a  gap  represented  by  cyberphysical  control  applications
__label__productinspection in  process  automation,  catered  for  today  by  fieldbus  or  industrial  ethernet  components,that  3gpp  is  now  looking  to  address.  this  gap  in  capabilities  is  characterized  by  requirements  for  a  deterministic  network,which  places  specific  requirements  on  both  latency  and  reliability  that  are  supplementaryto  those  that  urllc  delivers  alone.  this  means  not  just  ultralow  latency  and  reliability,but  guaranteed  delivery  is  required  and  this  must  come  with  low  delay  variation,  and  extremely  low  loss,  potentially  all  at  the  same  time  even  though  urllc  and  time  sensitive  networking  tsn  are  at  potentially  different  layers.  deterministic  networks  today  are  defined  at  both  layer  2  and  3
__label__productinspection by  ieee  and  ieft,  while,  in  a  cellular  5g  network  context,  tsn  may  be  considered  as  a  control  layer  over  endtoend  urllc.  see  .  figure  3:  5g  nr  will  need  to  support  ethernetbased  transport  for  tsn  and  industrial  controllers  tsn  and  industrial  control  systems  typically  use  ethernetbased  transport.  merging  the5g  and  industrial  domains  therefore  requires  that  nr  natively  supports  ethernet  ratherthan  relying  on  encapsulation  and  gateway  protocol  translation  methods  to  overcomeany  deterioration  in  performance.  3gpp  is  currently  studying  native  support  for  ethernet  over  nr  which  will  then  be  an  underlying  baseline  upon  which  tsn  functions  would  be  transparently  supported.  a
__label__productinspection 5g  nr  industrial  network  enables  more  advanced  automation,  easing  flexibility  and  enabling  greater  efficiencies,  thereby  allowing  a  greater  level  of  insight  in  realtime  into  the  state  of  production  and  operation.  in  addition,  a  5g/nr  network  facilitates  incorporationof  technologies  such  as  cloud  computing,  machine  learning  and  big  data  processing.  industrial  automation  iot  is  the  bridge  between  5g  critical  iot  networks  and  industrial  systems.  it  comprises  the  set  of  functions  that  enables  precise  indoor  positioning,  native  support  for  ethernet  over  nr,  scheduling  and  qos  adaptations  that  enable  transparenttsn  support  and  allow  reuse  of  existing  industrial  devices  and  control  systems.  as  various  industry
__label__productinspection verticals  adopt  cellular  as  the  unified  connectivity  solution,  we  are  seeing  different  requirements  across  the  breadth  of  each  vertical.  a  combination  ofericsson  cellular  iot  segments  allows  application  of  solutions  in  a  flexible  manner,often  in  a  step  wise  approach.  here  we  explore  two  representative  verticals,  automotive  and  smart  manufacturing,to  detail  how  multiple  ericsson  cellular  iot  segments  are  applicable.  figure  4:  cellular  iot  segments  combine  to  address  industrial  segments:  automotive  above,  smart  manufacturing  below  the  automotive  industry  is  in  revolution  with  megatrends  such  as  automation,  sensor  technologies  and  cellular  connectivity  enabling  new  functionalities  for  safety,  efficiency  and  infotainment.  millions  of  cars  are
__label__productinspection already  connected  via  cellular  networks  and  the  various  cellular  iot  segments  have  their  own  relevance  for  the  emerging  connected  vehicle  use  cases.  there  is  a  range  of  connectivity  requirements  across  various  objects  in  a  smart  manufacturing  factory,  as  depicted  in  figure  4  above.  since  the  introduction  of  cellular  iot  to  the  global  market,  better  performance  in  comparison  to  other  lpwa  technologies  has  been  offered  in  terms  of  unmatched  global  coverage,  quality  of  service  qos,  scalability  and  flexibility  to  handle  a  comprehensive  range  of  use  cases  in  one  network.  more  than  80  commercial  massive  iot  networks  had  been  launched  by  the
__label__productinspection end  of  2018.  now,  as  4g  lte  networks  continue  to  be  enhanced  and  the  initial  rollout  of  5g  nr  begins,  the  next  steps  in  the  evolution  of  cellular  iot  are  already  underway.  in  this  paper,  ericsson  has  clearly  defined  the  segments  to  facilitate  digitalization  of  different  industry  verticals,  utilizing  the  capabilities  of  both  4g  and  5g  networks.  all  four  segments  of  cellular  iot  will  be  supported  within  the  same  radio  access  network,  enabling  ease  of  management  and  optimized  use  of  mno  assets.  a.  shapin,  k.  kittichokechai,  n.  andgart,  m.  sundberg,  g.  wikstrm  physical  layer  performance  for  low  latency  and  high
__label__productinspection reliability  in  5g,  iswcs  2018,  lisbon,  aug.  2018  the  contributors  to  ericssons  opinion  on  this  topic  are  ali  zaidi,  yasir  hussain,  marie  hogan  and  christian  kuhlins.  ali  zaidi  ali.zaidiericsson.com  is  a  strategic  product  manager  in  business  area  networks  ba  networks  at  ericsson.  he  received  m.sc.and  ph.d.  degrees  in  telecommunications  from  kth  royal  institute  of  technology,  sweden,  in  2008  and  2013,  respectively.  since  2014,  he  has  been  working  with  the  technology  and  business  development  of  4g  and  5g  radio  access  networks  at  ericsson.  he  has  coauthored  over  50  peerreviewed  research  publications,  filed  over  20  patents,  two  books,  several  3gpp  and  5gppp
__label__productinspection contributions  in  the  areas  of  mmwave  communications,  indoor  positioning,  d2d  communications  and  systems  for  intelligent  transportation  and  networked  control.  he  is  currently  product  responsible  for  ltem,  urllc  and  v2x.  yasir  is  responsible  for  the  overall  iot  strategy  and  product  management  in  ericssons  4g/5g  radio  access  networks.  he  is  driving  the  researchand  standardization  efforts  in  this  area  as  well  as  the  long  term  portfolio  and  solutions  to  address  iot  focus  areas,  such  as  massive  iot,  drones,  automotive,  industrial  as  well  as  emerging  critical  applications.  yasir  holds  an  m.sc.  in  electronics  engineering  and  has  worked  at  ericsson  for  the  past  14  years
__label__productinspection across  different  regional  locations  and  responsibilities.  marie  hogan  is  in  charge  of  strategic  product  management  of  themobile  broadband  and  iot  areas  of  4g  and  5g  radio  access  networksat  ericsson.  her  main  responsibilities  include  driving  the  evolution  of  4g  radio  access  solutions  to  meet  the  growing  demands  on  existing  lte  networks  and  the  early  deployments  and  optimization  of  5g  radio  access  solutions,  including  new  use  cases  supported  by  cellular  iot.  she  has  worked  in  many  areas  within  ericsson  from  product  development  to  product  management  spanning  3g,  4g  and  5g  technologies.  marie  has  worked  with  both  radio  and  core  network  solutions  as
__label__productinspection well  as  transport,  synchronization  and  security  solutions.  she  holds  an  m.sc.  in  technology  management  and  a  degree  in  electronic  engineering.  christian  kuhlins  is  strategic  product  manager  for  nbiot.  after  his  education  in  microelectronics  at  the  fachhochschule  nrnberg  he  joined  ericsson  in  1998.  he  has  worked  on  various  technologies  over  the  past20  years  and  has  been  heavily  involved  in  the  early  development  of  bluetooth,  wcdma  and  lte  in  various  positions  within  rd.  he  chaired  the  iot  activity  group  at  lte  sae  trial  initiative  lsti.  as  product  manager  christian  worked  with  a  variety  of  products  for  wcdma  and  nbiot  within  ericsson  and
__label__productinspection is  now  a  passionate  evangelist  of  cellular  iot.  the  contributors  would  like  to  thank  shanqing  ullerstig,  joachim  sachs,  eric  wang,  fredrik  alriksson,  lisa  bostrm,  johan  bergman,  andreas  hglund,  erik  josefsson,  patrick  jestin,  kazuyoshi  uesaka,  alexandra  martido,  magnus  strm,  emre  yavuz,  kittipong  kittichokechai,  alexey  shapin,  gran  eneroth,  and  hieu  do  for  their  help.  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson  19942019
__label__productinspection the  iot  promises  to  reshape  entire  industries.  the  business  value  can  be  profoundranging  from  digitizing  an  organizations  internal  operations  and  customer  experience  to  unlocking  disruptive  new  digital  products  and  business  models.  mckinsey  estimates  that  iot  could  generate  up  to  11.1  trillion  a  year  in  economic  value  by  2025.  according  to  forrester,  there  are  two  fundamental  opportunities  for  the  internet  of  things  to  create  value  within  the  enterprise:  there  are  many  companies  who  are  already  taking  advantage  of  the  data  explosion  driven  by  iot,  using  machine  learning  and  predictive  analytics  to  optimize,  innovate  and  transform  their  business  by  ,  also  known
__label__productinspection as  .  ebook  view  an  equipment  tracking  app  provides  an  airlines  engineers  with  a  live  view  of  the  locations  of  each  piece  of  maintenance  equipment.  by  increasing  the  efficiency  of  engineers,  this  iot  application  is  not  only  generating  significant  cost  savings  and  process  improvements,  but  also  impacting  the  customer  experience  in  the  end  through  more  reliable,  ontime  flights.  a  medication  temperature  monitoring  app  uses  sensors  to  detect  if  the  medications  temperature  has  gone  outside  of  the  acceptable  range  and  ensures  medical  supplies  still  meet  quality  standards  upon  delivery.  the  handling  temperatures  are  medications,  vaccines  for  examples,  is  critical  to  their
__label__productinspection effectiveness.  iot  based  smart  applications  can  be  used  to  not  monitor  that  medications  are  kept  within  the  proper  handling  temperature  range,  but  also  to  remind  patients  when  it  is  time  to  take  their  medication.  a  lighting  manufacturer  for  the  horticultural  industry  built  a  smart  app  that  leverages  iot  sensors  and  predictive  analytics  to  perform  predictive  maintenance  and  optimize  lighting,  power  consumption  and  plant  photosynthesis.  the  iot  application  transformed  their  business  from  a  lighting  systems  manufacturer  to  a  greenhouse  optimization  asaservice  business.  an  insurance  company  offers  policyholders  discounts  for  wearing  internetconnected  fitbit  wristbands.  the  fitness  tracking  service  is  part  of  the
__label__productinspection insurers  vitality  program  aimed  at  integrating  wellness  benefits  with  life  insurance.  through  this  iot  application,  this  insurer  is  creating  smart  life  insurance  products  and  rewarding  customers  for  their  positive  actions.  a  facility  services  company  uses  their  multidevice  iot  software  to  enable  support  personnel  to  receive  alerts  about  service  issues  and  take  immediate  action.  by  aggregating  data  from  thousands  of  sensors  in  devices  like  coffee  machines,  soap  dispensers,  paper  towel  dispensers  and  mouse  traps  rather  than  doing  manual  checks,  the  application  has  significantly  cut  costs  and  improved  service  levels.  an  entertainment  design  and  production  firm  uses  sensors  in  turnstiles  of  venues
__label__productinspection to  understand  the  foot  traffic  of  people  at  events.  their  iot  application  visualizes  the  attendee  traffic  patterns  in  real  time  to  help  sponsors  understand  the  best  places  to  advertise,  and  to  ensure  the  attendee  count  stays  within  the  fire  code  compliance  of  the  venue.  the  internet  of  things  can  be  leverage  for  any  number  of  uses  that  combines  an  interface,  realtime  sensory  equipment,  dashboards  and  databases.  in  addition  to  many  of  the  examples  featured  on  this  page,  other  use  cases  include:  internet  of  things  technology  can  include  any  sensor,  electronics  or  software  that  is  connected  to  the  internet  and  can
__label__productinspection be  utilized  remotely  and  exchange  data.  often  the  technology  works  together  for  enhanced  functionality.  iot  applications  typically  incorporate  a  large  amount  of  remotely  accessed  information  made  available  through  the  internet.  a  platform  for  iot  simplifies  the  data  access  and  aggregation  of  this  data  so  that  the  app  developer.  while  most  software  development  platforms  can  facilitate  or  host  iot  functionality,  mendixs  platform  makes  developing  iot  enabled  smart  apps  intuitive  and  accessible  with  little  technical  knowledge.  the  internet  of  things  is  an  aggregation  of  internet  enabled  smart  devices,  sensors,  databases  and  software  that  can  be  manipulated  by  scripts,  applications  and  user  interfaces
__label__productinspection across  long  distances.  for  example,  a  smart  thermostat  that  is  connected  to  the  internet  and  can  be  controlled  remotely  by  a  phone  application  or  an  automated  script.  the  concept  of  the  internet  of  things  is  nearly  as  old  as  the  internet  itself  with  the  first  device  coming  online  in  1982  at  carnegie  melon  university.  however,  it  was  the  cofounder  of  mits  autoid  lab,  kevin  ashton  who  coined  the  term  in  1999  in  a  presentation  to  pg.  change  page  language  trending:
__label__productinspection do  you  know  what  separates  humans  from  other  living  beings?  curiosity.  humans  are  curious.  we  question  a  lot.  we  are  the  ones  who  challenge  the  status  quo  of  existing  rules  and  strive  to  build/produce  something  better.  such  curiosity  efforts  have  promised  us  a  life  where  electronic  devices  machines  will  probably  become  our  best  friend.  yes,  you  read  it  correctly  the  vision  to  to  reduce  human  labour  to  almost  nil.  the  idea  of  interconnected  devices  where  the  devices  are  smart  enough  to  share  information  with  us,  to  cloud  based  applications  and  to  each  other  device  to  device.  smart  devices  or  connected
__label__productinspection devices  as  they  are  commonly  called,  are  designed  in  such  a  way  that  they  capture  and  utilize  every  bit  of  data  which  you  share  or  use  in  everyday  life.  and  these  devices  will  use  this  data  to  interact  with  you  on  daily  basis  and  complete  tasks.  this  new  wave  of  connectivity  is  going  beyond  laptops  and  smartphones,  its  going  towards  connected  cars,  smart  homes,  connected  wearables,  smart  cities  and  connected  healthcare.  basically  a  connected  life.  according  to  gartner  report,  by  2020  connected  devices  across  all  technologies  will  reach  to  20.6  billion.  woah  thats  a  huge  number.  source:  hp  hp  did
__label__productinspection a  small  survey  in  which  they  estimated  therise  of  connected  devices  over  the  years  and  the  results  are  surprising.  are  we  moving  towards  a  fully  automated  world?  these  devices  will  bridge  the  gap  between  physical  and  digital  world  to  improve  the  quality  and  productivity  of  life,  society  and  industries.  with  iot  catching  up  smart  homes  is  the  most  awaited  feature,  with  brands  already  getting  into  the  competition  with  smart  applicances.  wearables  are  another  feature  trending  second  on  the  internet.  with  launch  of  apple  watch  and  more  devices  to  flow  in,  these  connected  devices  are  going  to  keep  us  hooked  with
__label__productinspection the  interconnected  world.  a  survey  conducted  by  krc  reserach  in  uk,  us,  japan  and  germany  the  early  adopters  of  iot  has  revealed  which  devices  are  the  customers  more  likely  to  use  in  the  coming  years.  smart  appliances  like  thermostat,  smart  refrigerator  to  name  a  few  are  most  liked  by  the  customers  and  are  seem  to  change  the  way  we  operate.  source:gsma  report  if  you  are  wondering  what  impact  will  iot  have  on  the  economy  then  for  your  information  as  per  the  cisco  report  iot  will  generate  14.4  trillion  in  value  across  all  industries  in  the  next  decade.  yes,  you  are
__label__productinspection thinking  correctly  iot  will  bring  a  wave,  nobody  can  forsee.  now,  to  give  you  a  glimpse  of  how  applications  of  iot  will  transform  our  lives  i  have  listed  down  few  areas  where  iot  is  much  awaited  and  companies  are  preparing  to  surprise  you  with  smart  devices.for  better  understanding,  ive  added  youtube  videos  for  you,  see  what  our  future  holds.  read  on  and  tell  us  which  smart  devices  are  you  eager  to  use.  with  iot  creating  the  buzz,  smart  home  isthe  most  searched  iot  associated  feature  on  google.  but,  what  is  a  smart  home?  wouldnt  you  love  if  you  could  switch
__label__productinspection on  air  conditioning  before  reaching  home  or  switch  off  lights  even  after  you  have  left  home?  or  unlock  the  doors  to  friends  for  temporary  access  even  when  you  are  not  at  home.  dont  be  surprised  with  iot  taking  shape  companies  are  building  products  to  make  your  life  simpler  and  convenient.  smart  home  has  become  the  revolutionary  ladder  of  success  in  the  residential  spaces  and  it  is  predicted  smart  homes  will  become  as  common  as  smartphones.  the  cost  of  owning  a  house  is  the  biggest  expense  in  a  homeowners  life.  smart  home  products  are  promised  to  save  time,  energy  and  money.
__label__productinspection with  smart  home  companies  like  nest,  ecobee,  ring  and  august,  to  name  a  few,  will  become  household  brands  and  are  planning  to  deliver  a  never  seen  before  experience.  heres  a  brief  video  which  shows  youa  smart  home  from  the  future  and  how  your  life  will  be  simplified.  to  find  out  the  best  smart  devices.  wearables  have  experienced  a  explosive  demand  in  markets  all  over  the  world.  companies  like  google,  samsung  have  invested  heavily  in  building  such  devices.  but,  how  do  they  work?  wearable  devices  are  installed  withsensors  and  softwares  whichcollect  data  and  information  about  the  users.  this  data  is  later
__label__productinspection preprocessed  to  extract  essential  insights  about  user.  these  devices  broadly  cover  fitness,  health  and  entertainment  requirements.  the  prerequisite  from  internet  of  things  technology  for  wearable  applications  is  to  be  highly  energy  efficient  or  ultralow  power  and  small  sized.  here  are  some  top  examples  of  wearable  iot  devices  that  fulfill  these  requirements.  to  find  latestnews  making  headlines  on  smart  wearables.  the  automotive  digital  technology  has  focused  on  optimizing  vehicles  internal  functions.  but  now,  this  attention  is  growing  towards  enhancingthe  incar  experience.  a  connected  car  is  a  vehicle  which  is  able  to  optimize  its  own  operation,  maintenance  as  well  as  comfort  of
__label__productinspection passengers  using  onboard  sensors  and  internet  connectivity.  most  large  auto  makers  as  well  as  some  brave  startups  are  working  on  connected  car  solutions.  majorbrands  like  tesla,  bmw,  apple,  googleare  working  on  bringing  the  next  revolution  in  automobiles.  watch  the  video  to  experience  the  future  of  connected  cars.  to  know  about  the  updates  on  connected  cars.  industrial  internet  is  the  new  buzz  in  the  industrial  sector,  also  termed  as  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  .  it  is  empoweringindustrial  engineering  with  sensors,  software  and  big  data  analytics  to  create  brilliant  machines.  according  to  jeff  immelt,  ceo,  ge  electric,  iiot  is  a  beautiful,
__label__productinspection desirable  and  investable  asset.  the  driving  philosophy  behind  iiot  is  that,  smart  machines  are  more  accurate  and  consistent  than  humans  in  communicating  through  data.  and,  this  data  can  help  companies  pick  inefficiencies  and  problems  sooner.  iiot  holds  great  potential  for  quality  control  and  sustainability.  applications  for  tracking  goods,  real  time  information  exchange  about  inventory  among  suppliers  and  retailers  and  automated  delivery  will  increase  the  supply  chain  efficiency.  according  to  ge  the  improvement  industry  productivity  will  generate  10  trillion  to  15  trillion  in  gdp  worldwide  over  next  15  years.  the  video  explains  emergence  of  iiot  in  industries  very  accurately.  to  know
__label__productinspection the  latest  on  iiot.  smart  city  isanother  powerful  application  of  iot  generating  curiosity  among  worlds  population.  smart  surveillance,  automated  transportation,  smarter  energy  management  systems,  water  distribution,  urban  security  and  environmental  monitoring  all  are  examples  of  internet  of  things  applications  for  smart  cities.  iot  will  solve  major  problems  faced  by  the  people  living  in  cities  like  pollution,  traffic  congestion  and  shortage  of  energy  supplies  etc.  products  like  cellular  communication  enabled  smart  belly  trash  will  send  alerts  to  municipal  services  when  a  bin  needs  to  be  emptied.  by  installing  sensors  and  using  web  applications,  citizens  can  find  free  available  parking  slots  across
__label__productinspection the  city.  also,  the  sensors  can  detect  meter  tampering  issues,  general  malfunctions  and  any  installation  issues  in  the  electricity  system.  to  understand  better  the  functioning  of  smart  cities  check  out  this  video.  to  know  more  about  smart  cities.  with  the  continous  increase  in  worlds  population,  demand  for  food  supply  is  extremely  raised.  governments  are  helping  farmers  to  useadvanced  techniques  and  research  to  increase  food  production.  smart  farming  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  field  in  iot.  farmers  are  using  meaningful  insights  from  the  data  to  yield  better  return  on  investment.  sensing  for  soil  moisture  and  nutrients,  controlling  water  usage  for
__label__productinspection plant  growth  and  determining  custom  fertilizer  are  some  simple  uses  of  iot.  if  you  are  curious,  the  video  below  explains  further  about  this  concept.  to  know  the  latest  about  iot  in  agriculture.  the  potential  of  iot  in  the  retail  sector  is  enormous.  iot  provides  an  opportunity  to  retailers  to  connect  with  the  customers  to  enhance  the  instore  experience.  smartphones  will  be  the  way  for  retailers  to  remain  connected  with  their  consumers  even  out  of  store.  interacting  through  smartphones  and  using  beacon  technology  can  help  retailers  serve  their  consumers  better.  they  can  also  track  consumers  path  through  a  store  and  improve
__label__productinspection store  layout  and  place  premium  products  in  high  traffic  areas.  watch  this  video  to  find  out  how  connected  retail  will  make  your  life  easier.  to  know  the  latest  technology  changing  the  face  of  retail.  power  grids  of  the  future  will  not  only  be  smart  enough  but  also  highly  reliable.  smart  grid  concept  is  becoming  very  popular  all  over  world.  the  basic  idea  behind  the  smart  grids  is  to  collect  data  in  an  automated  fashion  and  analyze  the  behavior  or  electricity  consumers  and  suppliers  for  improving  efficiency  as  well  as  economics  of  electricity  use.  smart  grids  will  also  be  able  to
__label__productinspection detect  sources  of  power  outages  more  quickly  and  at  individual  household  levels  like  near  by  solar  panel,  making  possible  distributed  energy  system.  heres  a  video  to  explain  how  smart  grid  operates.  to  know  the  power  of  iot  in  energy  saving.  connected  healthcare  yet  remains  the  sleeping  giant  of  the  internet  of  things  applications.  the  concept  of  connected  healthcare  system  and  smart  medical  devices  bears  enormous  potential  not  just  for  companies,  but  also  for  the  wellbeing  of  people  in  general.  research  shows  iot  in  healthcare  will  be  massive  in  coming  years.  iot  in  healthcare  is  aimed  at  empowering  people  to  live
__label__productinspection healthier  lifeby  wearing  connected  devices.  the  collected  data  will  help  in  personalized  analysis  of  an  individuals  health  and  provide  tailor  made  strategies  to  combat  illness.  the  video  below  explains  how  iot  can  revolutionize  treatment  and  medical  help.  to  know  latest  news  about  iot  in  healthcare.  livestock  monitoring  is  about  animal  husbandry  and  cost  saving.  using  iot  applications  to  gather  data  about  the  health  and  well  being  of  the  cattle,  ranchers  knowing  early  about  the  sick  animal  can  pull  out  and  help  prevent  large  number  of  sick  cattle.  with  the  help  of  the  collected  data  and  ranchers  can  increase  the  poultry
__label__productinspection production.  watch  this  interesting  video.  the  future  of  iot  is  more  fascinating  than  this  where  billions  of  things  will  be  talking  to  each  other  and  human  intervention  will  become  least.  iot  will  bring  macro  shiftin  the  way  we  live  and  work.  i  hope  you  had  fun  reading  about  all  thesepowerful  and  promisingapplications  of  internet  of  things.  there  are  many  more  areas  where  iot  is  making  an  impact.networked  toys  is  one  application  of  iot  which  will  change  the  playing  experience  of  your  kids.  iot  can  also  be  used  in  thedetection  ofenvironmental  issues.  did  you  like  reading  this  article?  now  am  sure
__label__productinspection you  will  be  able  to  tell  which  smart  device  you  are  eagerly  waiting  for.  tell  us  in  the  comments  below.  and  if  you  are  currently  related  to  an  iot  related  profile.  do  share  your  experience  and  concerns  in  the  comments  sections.  discussion  portal  as  the  internet  has  grown  in  popularity,  so  too  has  online  marketing  and  digital  marketing.  excellent  article.  very  informative  and  structured  article  explained  in  a  lucid  way  the  extra  readings  and  the  videos  attached  at  the  end  were  commendable.  thanks  swati  ..looking  forward  for  more  such  articles  from  you.  hi  vaibhav,  thanks.  i  am  glad  you  found
__label__productinspection it  helpful.  thanks  for  sharing  the  marvellous  post  its  really  helpful  for  me  keep  it  up  you  are  doing  good  job  its  really  help  for  me  excellent  inforamation  for  easily  understandable  even  for  common  man  hi  atiq,  your  welcome.  great  article  swati  thanks  for  posting  this  usefu  piece  iot  in  banking  another  hot  and  emerging  application  area.  very  easy  to  understand.  really  helping  great  artcile  very  structured  and  crisp  explanation  of  applications  with  videos..  keep  it  up..  nice  article.  valuable  information  this  was  the  most  beautiful  information  on  iot,  thank  you  it  very  good  from  you  to  help  people  in
__label__productinspection deep  technology  as  iot  go  ahead  nice  to  see  youth  in  high  technology  contributing  so  to  help  people  iot  is  good  idea  hey  swati  ,it  was  a  great  piece  of  article  for  iot  beginner  just  like  me.  thanks  for  putting  this.  explained  nicely  and  in  well  mannerthanks  a  very  interesting  article,  covered  all  the  different  industries  and  videos  sharing  the  realtime  impact  it  will  be  creating.  interesting,  how  an  enthusiast  vs  a  skeptic  would  perceive  these  innovations.  very  nice  article,  iot  in  agriculture  helped  alot.  superabbb  article,  very  informative,  covered  almost  all  the  different  areas  of  iot.  worth  post.  you
__label__productinspection covered  almost  all  the  areas  where  iot  can  be  used  smartly  and  provide  benefits,  very  well  organized  post.  great  blog,  information  and  youtube  videos  you  provided  about  iot  was  very  helpful,thanks  for  sharing  such  a  valuable  blog  with  us..  dont  have  an  account?  here.  copyright  20132019  analytics  vidhya.  dont  have  an  account?  here
__label__productinspection information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products,  from  appliances  to  cars  to  mining  equipment.  products  once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts  have  become  complex  systems  combining  hardware,  sensors,  electronics,  and  software  that  connect  through  the  internet  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  disrupting  value  chains,  argue  michael  porter  and  ptc  ceo  james  heppelmann,  and  forcing  companies  to  rethink  nearly  everything  they  do,  from  how  they  conceive,  design,  and  source  their  products;  to  how
__label__productinspection they  manufacture,  operate,  and  service  them;  to  how  they  build  and  secure  the  necessary  it  infrastructure.  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  broad  set  of  new  strategic  choices  for  companies  about  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  to  work  with  traditional  partners  and  what  new  partnerships  will  be  required,  and  how  to  secure  competitive  advantage  as  the  new  capabilities  reshape  industry  boundaries.  for  many  firms,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question:  what  business  am  i  in?  this  article  provides  a  framework  for  developing  strategy  and  achieving  competitive  advantage  in  a  smart,  connected  world.  information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products.
__label__productinspection once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts,  products  have  become  complex  systems  that  combine  hardware,  sensors,  data  storage,  microprocessors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  productsmade  possible  by  vast  improvements  in  processing  power  and  device  miniaturization  and  by  the  network  benefits  of  ubiquitous  wireless  connectivityhave  unleashed  a  new  era  of  competition.  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  much  higher  product  utilization,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  also  disrupting  value  chains,  forcing  companies  to  rethink  and  retool  nearly  everything
__label__productinspection they  do  internally.  these  new  types  of  products  alter  industry  structure  and  the  nature  of  competition,  exposing  companies  to  new  competitive  opportunities  and  threats.  they  are  reshaping  industry  boundaries  and  creating  entirely  new  industries.  in  many  companies,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question,  what  business  am  i  in?  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  new  set  of  strategic  choices  related  to  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  the  prodigious  amount  of  new  and  sensitive  data  they  generate  is  utilized  and  managed,  how  relationships  with  traditional  business  partners  such  as  channels  are  redefined,  and  what  role  companies  should  play
__label__productinspection as  industry  boundaries  are  expanded.  the  phrase  internet  of  things  has  arisen  to  reflect  the  growing  number  of  smart,  connected  products  and  highlight  the  new  opportunities  they  can  represent.  yet  this  phrase  is  not  very  helpful  in  understanding  the  phenomenon  or  its  implications.  the  internet,  whether  involving  people  or  things,  is  simply  a  mechanism  for  transmitting  information.  what  makes  smart,  connected  products  fundamentally  different  is  not  the  internet,  but  the  changing  nature  of  the  things.  it  is  the  expanded  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  and  the  data  they  generate  that  are  ushering  in  a  new  era  of  competition.  companies  must
__label__productinspection look  beyond  the  technologies  themselves  to  the  competitive  transformation  taking  place.  this  article,  and  a  companion  piece  to  be  published  soon  in  hbr,  will  deconstruct  the  smart,  connected  products  revolution  and  explore  its  strategic  and  operational  implications.  twice  before  over  the  past  50  years,  information  technology  radically  reshaped  competition  and  strategy;  we  now  stand  at  the  brink  of  a  third  transformation.  before  the  advent  of  modern  information  technology,  products  were  mechanical  and  activities  in  the  value  chain  were  performed  using  manual,  paper  processes  and  verbal  communication.  the  first  wave  of  it,  during  the  1960s  and  1970s,  automated  individual  activities  in
__label__productinspection the  value  chain,  from  order  processing  and  bill  paying  to  computeraided  design  and  manufacturing  resource  planning.  see  by  michael  porter  and  victor  millar,  hbr,  july  1985.  the  productivity  of  activities  dramatically  increased,  in  part  because  huge  amounts  of  new  data  could  be  captured  and  analyzed  in  each  activity.  this  led  to  the  standardization  of  processes  across  companiesand  raised  a  dilemma  for  companies  about  how  to  capture  its  operational  benefits  while  maintaining  distinctive  strategies.  the  rise  of  the  internet,  with  its  inexpensive  and  ubiquitous  connectivity,  unleashed  the  second  wave  of  itdriven  transformation,  in  the  1980s  and  1990s  see  michael  porters  hbr,
__label__productinspection march  2001.  this  enabled  coordination  and  integration  across  individual  activities;  with  outside  suppliers,  channels,  and  customers;  and  across  geography.  it  allowed  firms,  for  example,  to  closely  integrate  globally  distributed  supply  chains.  the  first  two  waves  gave  rise  to  huge  productivity  gains  and  growth  across  the  economy.  while  the  value  chain  was  transformed,  however,  products  themselves  were  largely  unaffected.  more  now,  in  the  third  wave,  it  is  becoming  an  integral  part  of  the  product  itself.  embedded  sensors,  processors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  products  in  effect,  computers  are  being  put  inside  products,  coupled  with  a  product  cloud  in  which  product  data  is
__label__productinspection stored  and  analyzed  and  some  applications  are  run,  are  driving  dramatic  improvements  in  product  functionality  and  performance.  massive  amounts  of  new  productusage  data  enable  many  of  those  improvements.  another  leap  in  productivity  in  the  economy  will  be  unleashed  by  these  new  and  better  products.  in  addition,  producing  them  will  reshape  the  value  chain  yet  again,  by  changing  product  design,  marketing,  manufacturing,  and  aftersale  service  and  by  creating  the  need  for  new  activities  such  as  product  data  analytics  and  security.  this  will  drive  yet  another  wave  of  valuechainbased  productivity  improvement.  the  third  wave  of  itdriven  transformation  thus  has  the  potential  to
__label__productinspection be  the  biggest  yet,  triggering  even  more  innovation,  productivity  gains,  and  economic  growth  than  the  previous  two.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  as  with  the  internet  itself,  smart,  connected  products  reflect  a  whole  new  set  of  technological  possibilities  that  have  emerged.  but  the  rules  of  competition  and  competitive  advantage  remain  the  same.  navigating  the  world  of  smart,  connected  products  requires  that  companies  understand  these  rules  better  than  ever.  smart,  connected  products  have  three  core  elements:  physical  components,  smart  components,  and  connectivity  components.  smart  components  amplify  the  capabilities  and  value
__label__productinspection of  the  physical  components,  while  connectivity  amplifies  the  capabilities  and  value  of  the  smart  components  and  enables  some  of  them  to  exist  outside  the  physical  product  itself.  the  result  is  a  virtuous  cycle  of  value  improvement.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  physical  components  comprise  the  products  mechanical  and  electrical  parts.  in  a  car,  for  example,  these  include  the  engine  block,  tires,  and  batteries.  smart  components  comprise  the  sensors,  microprocessors,  data  storage,  controls,  software,  and,  typically,  an  embedded  operating  system  and  enhanced  user  interface.  in  a  car,  for  example,  smart
__label__productinspection components  include  the  engine  control  unit,  antilock  braking  system,  rainsensing  windshields  with  automated  wipers,  and  touch  screen  displays.  in  many  products,  software  replaces  some  hardware  components  or  enables  a  single  physical  device  to  perform  at  a  variety  of  levels.  connectivity  components  comprise  the  ports,  antennae,  and  protocols  enabling  wired  or  wireless  connections  with  the  product.  connectivity  takes  three  forms,  which  can  be  present  together:  connectivity  serves  a  dual  purpose.  first,  it  allows  information  to  be  exchanged  between  the  product  and  its  operating  environment,  its  maker,  its  users,  and  other  products  and  systems.  second,  connectivity  enables  some  functions  of  the  product
__label__productinspection to  exist  outside  the  physical  device,  in  what  is  known  as  the  product  cloud.  for  example,  in  boses  new  wifi  system,  a  smartphone  application  running  in  the  product  cloud  streams  music  to  the  system  from  the  internet.  to  achieve  high  levels  of  functionality,  all  three  types  of  connectivity  are  necessary.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  emerging  across  all  manufacturing  sectors.  in  heavy  machinery,  schindlers  port  technology  reduces  elevator  wait  times  by  as  much  as  50  by  predicting  elevator  demand  patterns,  calculating  the  fastest  time  to  destination,  and  assigning  the  appropriate  elevator  to  move  passengers  quickly.  in  the  energy  sector,  abbs
__label__productinspection smart  grid  technology  enables  utilities  to  analyze  huge  amounts  of  realtime  data  across  a  wide  range  of  generating,  transforming,  and  distribution  equipment  manufactured  by  abb  as  well  as  others,  such  as  changes  in  the  temperature  of  transformers  and  secondary  substations.  this  alerts  utility  control  centers  to  possible  overload  conditions,  allowing  adjustments  that  can  prevent  blackouts  before  they  occur.  in  consumer  goods,  big  ass  ceiling  fans  sense  and  engage  automatically  when  a  person  enters  a  room,  regulate  speed  on  the  basis  of  temperature  and  humidity,  and  recognize  individual  user  preferences  and  adjust  accordingly.  why  now?  an  array  of  innovations  across  the
__label__productinspection technology  landscape  have  converged  to  make  smart,  connected  products  technically  and  economically  feasible.  these  include  breakthroughs  in  the  performance,  miniaturization,  and  energy  efficiency  of  sensors  and  batteries;  highly  compact,  lowcost  computer  processing  power  and  data  storage,  which  make  it  feasible  to  put  computers  inside  products;  cheap  connectivity  ports  and  ubiquitous,  lowcost  wireless  connectivity;  tools  that  enable  rapid  software  development;  big  data  analytics;  and  a  new  ipv6  internet  registration  system  opening  up  340  trillion  trillion  trillion  potential  new  internet  addresses  for  individual  devices,  with  protocols  that  support  greater  security,  simplify  handoffs  as  devices  move  across  networks,  and  allow  devices  to  request
__label__productinspection addresses  autonomously  without  the  need  for  it  support.  smart,  connected  products  require  that  companies  build  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure,  consisting  of  a  series  of  layers  known  as  a  technology  stack  see  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  this  includes  modified  hardware,  software  applications,  and  an  operating  system  embedded  in  the  product  itself;  network  communications  to  support  connectivity;  and  a  product  cloud  software  running  on  the  manufacturers  or  a  thirdparty  server  containing  the  productdata  database,  a  platform  for  building  software  applications,  a  rules  engine  and  analytics  platform,  and  smart  product  applications  that  are  not  embedded  in  the  product.  cutting  across
__label__productinspection all  the  layers  is  an  identity  and  security  structure,  a  gateway  for  accessing  external  data,  and  tools  that  connect  the  data  from  smart,  connected  products  to  other  business  systems  for  example,  erp  and  crm  systems.  smart,  connected  products  require  companies  to  build  and  support  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure.  this  technology  stack  is  made  up  of  multiple  layers,  including  new  product  hardware,  embedded  software,  connectivity,  a  product  cloud  consisting  of  software  running  on  remote  servers,  a  suite  of  security  tools,  a  gateway  for  external  information  sources,  and  integration  with  enterprise  business  systems.  this  technology  enables  not  only  rapid  product  application
__label__productinspection development  and  operation  but  the  collection,  analysis,  and  sharing  of  the  potentially  huge  amounts  of  longitudinal  data  generated  inside  and  outside  the  products  that  has  never  been  available  before.  building  and  supporting  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  requires  substantial  investment  and  a  range  of  new  skillssuch  as  software  development,  systems  engineering,  data  analytics,  and  online  security  expertisethat  are  rarely  found  in  manufacturing  companies.  intelligence  and  connectivity  enable  an  entirely  new  set  of  product  functions  and  capabilities,  which  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  product  can  potentially  incorporate  all  four  see  the  exhibit
__label__productinspection capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products.  each  capability  is  valuable  in  its  own  right  and  also  sets  the  stage  for  the  next  level.  for  example,  monitoring  capabilities  are  the  foundation  for  product  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  company  must  choose  the  set  of  capabilities  that  deliver  its  customer  value  and  define  its  competitive  positioning.  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  each  builds  on  the  preceding  one;  to  have  control  capability,  for  example,  a  product  must  have  monitoring  capability.  smart,  connected  products  enable  the  comprehensive  monitoring  of  a  products  condition,  operation,
__label__productinspection and  external  environment  through  sensors  and  external  data  sources.  using  data,  a  product  can  alert  users  or  others  to  changes  in  circumstances  or  performance.  monitoring  also  allows  companies  and  customers  to  track  a  products  operating  characteristics  and  history  and  to  better  understand  how  the  product  is  actually  used.  this  data  has  important  implications  for  design  by  reducing  overengineering,  for  example,  market  segmentation  through  the  analysis  of  usage  patterns  by  customer  type,  and  aftersale  service  by  allowing  the  dispatch  of  the  right  technician  with  the  right  part,  thus  improving  the  firsttime  fix  rate.  monitoring  data  may  also  reveal  warranty  compliance  issues
__label__productinspection as  well  as  new  sales  opportunities,  such  as  the  need  for  additional  product  capacity  because  of  high  utilization.  in  some  cases,  such  as  medical  devices,  monitoring  is  the  core  element  of  value  creation.  medtronics  digital  bloodglucose  meter  uses  a  sensor  inserted  under  the  patients  skin  to  measure  glucose  levels  in  tissue  fluid  and  connects  wirelessly  to  a  device  that  alerts  patients  and  clinicians  up  to  30  minutes  before  a  patient  reaches  a  threshold  bloodglucose  level,  enabling  appropriate  therapy  adjustments.  monitoring  capabilities  can  span  multiple  products  across  distances.  joy  global,  a  leading  mining  equipment  manufacturer,  monitors  operating  conditions,  safety  parameters,  and
__label__productinspection predictive  service  indicators  for  entire  fleets  of  equipment  far  underground.  joy  also  monitors  operating  parameters  across  multiple  mines  in  different  countries  for  benchmarking  purposes.  more  smart,  connected  products  can  be  controlled  through  remote  commands  or  algorithms  that  are  built  into  the  device  or  reside  in  the  product  cloud.  algorithms  are  rules  that  direct  the  product  to  respond  to  specified  changes  in  its  condition  or  environment  for  example,  if  pressure  gets  too  high,  shut  off  the  valve  or  when  traffic  in  a  parking  garage  reaches  a  certain  level,  turn  the  overhead  lighting  on  or  off.  control  through  software  embedded  in  the
__label__productinspection product  or  the  cloud  allows  the  customization  of  product  performance  to  a  degree  that  previously  was  not  cost  effective  or  often  even  possible.  the  same  technology  also  enables  users  to  control  and  personalize  their  interaction  with  the  product  in  many  new  ways.  for  example,  users  can  adjust  their  philips  lighting  hue  lightbulbs  via  smartphone,  turning  them  on  and  off,  programming  them  to  blink  red  if  an  intruder  is  detected,  or  dimming  them  slowly  at  night.  doorbot,  a  smart,  connected  doorbell  and  lock,  allows  customers  to  give  visitors  access  to  the  home  remotely  after  screening  them  on  their  smartphones.  the  rich
__label__productinspection flow  of  monitoring  data  from  smart,  connected  products,  coupled  with  the  capacity  to  control  product  operation,  allows  companies  to  optimize  product  performance  in  numerous  ways,  many  of  which  have  not  been  previously  possible.  smart,  connected  products  can  apply  algorithms  and  analytics  to  inuse  or  historical  data  to  dramatically  improve  output,  utilization,  and  efficiency.  in  wind  turbines,  for  instance,  a  local  microcontroller  can  adjust  each  blade  on  every  revolution  to  capture  maximum  wind  energy.  and  each  turbine  can  be  adjusted  to  not  only  improve  its  performance  but  minimize  its  impact  on  the  efficiency  of  those  nearby.  realtime  monitoring  data  on  product
__label__productinspection condition  and  product  control  capability  enables  firms  to  optimize  service  by  performing  preventative  maintenance  when  failure  is  imminent  and  accomplishing  repairs  remotely,  thereby  reducing  product  downtime  and  the  need  to  dispatch  repair  personnel.  even  when  onsite  repair  is  required,  advance  information  about  what  is  broken,  what  parts  are  needed,  and  how  to  accomplish  the  fix  reduces  service  costs  and  improves  firsttime  fix  rates.  diebold,  for  example,  monitors  many  of  its  automated  teller  machines  for  early  signs  of  trouble.  after  assessing  a  malfunctioning  atms  status,  the  machine  is  repaired  remotely  if  possible,  or  the  company  deploys  a  technician  who  has  been
__label__productinspection given  a  detailed  diagnosis  of  the  problem,  a  recommended  repair  process,  and,  often,  the  needed  parts.  finally,  like  many  smart,  connected  products,  diebolds  atms  can  be  updated  when  they  are  due  for  feature  enhancements.  often  these  can  occur  remotely,  via  software.  monitoring,  control,  and  optimization  capabilities  combine  to  allow  smart,  connected  products  to  achieve  a  previously  unattainable  level  of  autonomy.  at  the  simplest  level  is  autonomous  product  operation  like  that  of  the  irobot  roomba,  a  vacuum  cleaner  that  uses  sensors  and  software  to  scan  and  clean  floors  in  rooms  with  different  layouts.  moresophisticated  products  are  able  to  learn  about  their
__label__productinspection environment,  selfdiagnose  their  own  service  needs,  and  adapt  to  users  preferences.  autonomy  not  only  can  reduce  the  need  for  operators  but  can  improve  safety  in  dangerous  environments  and  facilitate  operation  in  remote  locations.  autonomous  products  can  also  act  in  coordination  with  other  products  and  systems.  the  value  of  these  capabilities  can  grow  exponentially  as  more  and  more  products  become  connected.  for  example,  the  energy  efficiency  of  the  electric  grid  increases  as  more  smart  meters  are  connected,  allowing  the  utility  to  gain  insight  into  and  respond  to  demand  patterns  over  time.  ultimately,  products  can  function  with  complete  autonomy,  applying  algorithms  that
__label__productinspection utilize  data  about  their  performance  and  their  environmentincluding  the  activity  of  other  products  in  the  systemand  leveraging  their  ability  to  communicate  with  other  products.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  individual  units.  joy  globals  longwall  mining  system,  for  example,  is  able  to  operate  autonomously  far  underground,  overseen  by  a  mine  control  center  on  the  surface.  equipment  is  monitored  continuously  for  performance  and  faults,  and  technicians  are  dispatched  underground  to  deal  with  issues  requiring  human  intervention.  to  understand  the  effects  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  competition  and  profitability,  we  must  examine
__label__productinspection their  impact  on  industry  structure.  in  any  industry,  competition  is  driven  by  five  competitive  forces:  the  bargaining  power  of  buyers,  the  nature  and  intensity  of  the  rivalry  among  existing  competitors,  the  threat  of  new  entrants,  the  threat  of  substitute  products  or  services,  and  the  bargaining  power  of  suppliers.  the  composition  and  strength  of  these  forces  collectively  determine  the  nature  of  industry  competition  and  the  average  profitability  for  incumbent  competitors.  industry  structure  changes  when  new  technology,  customer  needs,  or  other  factors  shift  these  five  forces.  smart,  connected  products  will  substantially  affect  structure  in  many  industries,  as  did  the  previous  wave  of
__label__productinspection internetenabled  it.  the  effects  will  be  greatest  in  manufacturing  industries.  smart,  connected  products  will  have  a  transformative  effect  on  industry  structure.  provide  the  framework  necessary  for  understanding  the  significance  of  these  changes.  more  smart,  connected  products  dramatically  expand  opportunities  for  product  differentiation,  moving  competition  away  from  price  alone.  knowing  how  customers  actually  use  the  products  enhances  a  companys  ability  to  segment  customers,  customize  products,  set  prices  to  better  capture  value,  and  extend  valueadded  services.  smart,  connected  products  also  allow  companies  to  develop  much  closer  customer  relationships.  through  capturing  rich  historical  and  productusage  data,  buyers  costs  of  switching  to  a  new
__label__productinspection supplier  increase.  in  addition,  smart,  connected  products  allow  firms  to  reduce  their  dependency  on  distribution  or  service  partners,  or  even  disintermediate  them,  thereby  capturing  more  profit.  all  of  this  serves  to  mitigate  or  reduce  buyers  bargaining  power.  ge  aviation,  for  example,  is  now  able  to  provide  more  services  to  end  users  directlya  move  that  improves  its  power  relative  to  its  immediate  customers,  the  airframe  manufacturers.  information  gathered  from  hundreds  of  engine  sensors,  for  example,  allows  ge  and  airlines  to  optimize  engine  performance  by  identifying  discrepancies  between  expected  and  actual  performance.  ges  analysis  of  fueluse  data,  for  example,  allowed  the  italian
__label__productinspection airline  alitalia  to  identify  changes  to  its  flight  procedures,  such  as  the  position  of  wing  flaps  during  landing,  that  reduced  fuel  use.  ges  deep  relationship  with  the  airlines  serves  to  improve  differentiation  with  them  while  improving  its  clout  with  airframe  manufacturers.  however,  smart,  connected  products  can  increase  buyer  power  by  giving  buyers  a  better  understanding  of  true  product  performance,  allowing  them  to  play  one  manufacturer  off  another.  buyers  may  also  find  that  having  access  to  product  usage  data  can  decrease  their  reliance  on  the  manufacturer  for  advice  and  support.  finally,  compared  with  ownership  models,  product  as  a  service  business  models
__label__productinspection or  productsharing  services  discussed  below  can  increase  buyers  power  by  reducing  the  cost  of  switching  to  a  new  manufacturer.  smart,  connected  products  have  the  potential  to  shift  rivalry,  opening  up  numerous  new  avenues  for  differentiation  and  valueadded  services.  these  products  also  enable  firms  to  tailor  offerings  to  morespecific  segments  of  the  market,  and  even  customize  products  for  individual  customers,  further  enhancing  differentiation  and  price  realization.  smart,  connected  products  also  create  opportunities  to  broaden  the  value  proposition  beyond  products  per  se,  to  include  valuable  data  and  enhanced  service  offerings.  babolat,  for  example,  has  produced  tennis  rackets  and  related  equipment  for  140
__label__productinspection years.  with  its  new  babolat  play  pure  drive  system,  which  puts  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  racket  handle,  the  company  now  offers  a  service  to  help  players  improve  their  game  through  the  tracking  and  analysis  of  ball  speed,  spin,  and  impact  location,  delivered  through  a  smartphone  application.  offsetting  this  shift  in  rivalry  away  from  price  is  the  migration  of  the  cost  structure  of  smart,  connected  products  toward  higher  fixed  costs  and  lower  variable  costs.  this  results  from  the  higher  upfront  costs  of  software  development,  morecomplex  product  design,  and  high  fixed  costs  of  developing  the  technology  stack,  including  reliable  connectivity,  robust
__label__productinspection data  storage,  analytics,  and  security  see  again  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  industries  with  high  fixed  cost  structures  are  vulnerable  to  price  pressure  as  firms  seek  to  spread  their  fixed  costs  across  a  larger  number  of  units  sold.  the  huge  expansion  of  capabilities  in  smart,  connected  products  may  also  tempt  companies  to  get  into  a  feature  and  function  arms  race  with  rivals  and  give  away  too  much  of  the  improved  product  performance,  a  dynamic  that  escalates  costs  and  erodes  industry  profitability.  finally,  rivalry  among  competitors  can  also  increase  as  smart,  connected  products  become  part  of  broader  product  systems,  a
__label__productinspection trend  we  will  discuss  further.  for  example,  manufacturers  of  home  lighting,  audiovisual  entertainment  equipment,  and  climate  control  systems  have  not  historically  competed  with  one  another.  yet  each  is  now  vying  for  a  place  in  the  emerging  connected  home  that  integrates  and  adds  intelligence  to  a  wide  array  of  products  in  the  home.  more  new  entrants  in  a  smart,  connected  world  face  significant  new  obstacles,  starting  with  the  high  fixed  costs  of  morecomplex  product  design,  embedded  technology,  and  multiple  layers  of  new  it  infrastructure.  for  example,  thermo  fishers  trudefender  fti  chemical  analyzer  added  connectivity  to  a  product  that  already  had  smart
__label__productinspection functionality,  to  enable  chemical  analysis  from  hazardous  environments  to  be  transmitted  to  users  and  mitigation  to  begin  without  having  to  wait  for  the  machine  and  personnel  to  be  decontaminated.  thermo  fisher  needed  to  build  a  complete  product  cloud  to  securely  capture,  analyze,  and  store  product  data  and  distribute  it  both  internally  and  to  customers,  a  substantial  undertaking.  smart,  connected  products  ultimately  can  function  with  complete  autonomy.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  over  individual  units.  broadening  product  definitions  can  raise  barriers  to  entrants  even  higher.  biotronik,  a  medical  device  company,  initially
__label__productinspection manufactured  standalone  pacemakers,  insulin  pumps,  and  other  devices.  now  it  offers  smart,  connected  devices,  such  as  a  home  healthmonitoring  system  that  includes  a  data  processing  center  that  allows  physicians  to  remotely  monitor  their  patients  devices  and  clinical  status.  barriers  to  entry  also  rise  when  agile  incumbents  capture  critical  firstmover  advantages  by  collecting  and  accumulating  product  data  and  using  it  to  improve  products  and  services  and  to  redefine  aftersale  service.  smart,  connected  products  can  also  increase  buyer  loyalty  and  switching  costs,  further  raising  barriers  to  entry.  barriers  to  entry  go  down,  however,  when  smart,  connected  products  leapfrog  or  invalidate  the  strengths
__label__productinspection and  assets  of  incumbents.  moreover,  incumbents  may  hesitate  to  fully  embrace  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products,  preferring  to  protect  hardwarebased  strengths  and  profitable  legacy  parts  and  service  businesses.  this  opens  the  door  to  new  competitors,  such  as  the  productless  onfarm,  which  is  successfully  competing  with  traditional  agricultural  equipment  makers  to  provide  services  to  farmers  through  collecting  data  on  multiple  types  of  farm  equipment  to  help  growers  make  better  decisions,  avoiding  the  need  to  be  an  equipment  manufacturer  at  all.  in  home  automation,  crestron,  an  integration  solution  provider,  offers  complex,  dedicated  home  systems  with  rich  user  interfaces.  product  companies  are
__label__productinspection also  facing  challenges  from  other  nontraditional  competitors  like  apple,  which  recently  launched  a  simpler,  smartphonebased  approach  to  managing  the  connected  home.  smart,  connected  products  can  offer  superior  performance,  customization,  and  customer  value  relative  to  traditional  substitute  products,  reducing  substitution  threats  and  improving  industry  growth  and  profitability.  however,  in  many  industries  smart,  connected  products  create  new  types  of  substitution  threats,  such  as  wider  product  capabilities  that  subsume  conventional  products.  for  example,  fitbits  wearable  fitness  device,  which  captures  multiple  types  of  healthrelated  data  including  activity  levels  and  sleep  patterns,  is  a  substitute  for  conventional  devices  such  as  running  watches  and  pedometers.  new
__label__productinspection business  models  enabled  by  smart,  connected  products  can  create  a  substitute  for  product  ownership,  reducing  overall  demand  for  a  product.  productasaservice  business  models,  for  example,  allow  users  to  have  full  access  to  a  product  but  pay  only  for  the  amount  of  product  they  use.  a  variation  of  productasaservice  is  the  sharedusage  model.  zipcar,  for  example,  provides  customers  with  realtime  access  to  vehicles  when  and  where  they  need  them.  this  substitutes  for  car  ownership  and  has  led  traditional  automakers  to  enter  the  carsharing  market  with  offerings  such  as  relayrides  from  gm,  drivenow  from  bmw,  and  dash  from  toyota.  another  example  is
__label__productinspection shared  bike  systems,  which  are  springing  up  in  more  and  more  cities.  a  smartphone  application  shows  the  location  of  docking  stations  where  bikes  can  be  picked  up  and  returned,  and  users  are  monitored  and  charged  for  the  amount  of  time  they  use  the  bikes.  clearly,  shared  usage  will  reduce  the  need  for  urban  residents  to  own  bikes,  but  it  may  encourage  more  residents  to  use  bikes  since  they  do  not  have  to  buy  and  store  them.  convenient  shared  bikes  will  be  a  substitute  not  only  for  purchased  bikes  but  potentially  for  cars  and  other  forms  of  urban  transportation.  smart,  connected
__label__productinspection capabilities  make  such  substitutions  for  full  ownership  possible.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  shaking  up  traditional  supplier  relationships  and  redistributing  bargaining  power.  as  the  smart  and  connectivity  components  of  products  deliver  more  value  relative  to  physical  components,  the  physical  components  can  be  commoditized  or  even  replaced  by  software  over  time.  software  also  reduces  the  need  for  physical  tailoring  and  hence  the  number  of  physical  component  varieties.  the  importance  of  traditional  suppliers  to  total  product  cost  will  often  decline,  and  their  bargaining  power  will  fall.  however,  smart,  connected  products  often  introduce  powerful  new  suppliers  that  manufacturers  have  never  needed  before:  providers
__label__productinspection of  sensors,  software,  connectivity,  embedded  operating  systems,  and  data  storage,  analytics,  and  other  parts  of  the  technology  stack.  some  of  these,  like  google,  apple,  and  att,  are  giants  in  their  own  industries.  they  have  talent  and  capabilities  that  most  manufacturing  companies  have  not  historically  needed  but  that  are  becoming  essential  to  product  differentiation  and  cost.  the  bargaining  power  of  those  new  suppliers  can  be  high,  allowing  them  to  capture  a  bigger  share  of  overall  product  value  and  reduce  manufacturers  profitability.  a  good  example  of  these  new  types  of  suppliers  is  the  open  automotive  alliance,  in  which  general  motors,  honda,  audi,
__label__productinspection and  hyundai  recently  joined  forces  to  utilize  googles  android  operating  system  for  their  vehicles.  the  auto  oems  lacked  the  specialized  capabilities  needed  to  develop  a  robust  embedded  operating  system  that  delivers  an  excellent  user  experience  while  enabling  an  ecosystem  of  developers  to  build  applications.  auto  oems  traditional  clout  relative  to  suppliers  is  greatly  diminished  with  suppliers  like  google,  which  have  not  only  substantial  resources  and  expertise  but  also  strong  consumer  brands  and  numerous  related  applications  for  example,  consumers  may  prefer  a  car  that  can  sync  with  their  smartphone,  music,  and  apps.  new  suppliers  of  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected
__label__productinspection products  may  also  gain  greater  leverage  given  their  relationships  with  end  users  and  access  to  product  usage  data.  as  suppliers  capture  product  usage  data  from  end  users,  they  can  also  provide  new  services  to  them,  as  ge  has  done  with  alitalia.  the  powerful  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  an  industry,  but  they  can  expand  the  very  definition  of  the  industry  itself.  the  competitive  boundaries  of  an  industry  widen  to  encompass  a  set  of  related  products  that  together  meet  a  broader  underlying  need.  the  function  of  one  product  is  optimized  with  other  related  products.  for  example,
