__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  monitoring  or,  colloquially,  cm  is  the  process  of  monitoring  a  parameter  of  condition  in  machinery  vibration,  temperature  etc.,  in  order  to  identify  a  significant  change  which  is  indicative  of  a  developing  fault.  it  is  a  major  component  of  predictive  maintenance.  the  use  of  condition  monitoring  allows  maintenance  to  be  scheduled,  or  other  actions  to  be  taken  to  prevent  consequential  damages  and  avoid  its  consequences.  condition  monitoring  has  a  unique  benefit  in  that  conditions  that  would  shorten  normal  lifespan  can  be  addressed  before  they  develop  into  a  major  failure.  condition  monitoring  techniques  are  normally  used  on  rotating  equipment,  auxiliary  systems
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  other  machinery  compressors,  pumps,  electric  motors,  internal  combustion  engines,  presses,  while  periodic  inspection  using  nondestructive  testing  ndt  techniques  and  fit  for  service  ffs  evaluation  are  used  for  static  plant  equipment  such  as  steam  boilers,  piping  and  heat  exchangers.  condition  monitoring  technology  the  following  list  includes  the  main  condition  monitoring  techniques  applied  in  the  industrial  and  transportation  sectors:condition  monitoring  overviewvibration  analysis  and  diagnosticslubricant  analysisacoustic  emissioninfrared  thermographyultrasoundmotor  condition  monitoring  and  motor  current  signature  analysis  mcsamodelbased  voltage  and  current  systems  mbvi  systemsmost  cm  technologies  are  being  standardized  by  iso  and  astm.  rotating  equipment  rotating  equipment  is  an  industry  umbrella  term  that  includes
__label__machineconditionmonitoring gearboxes,  reciprocating  and  centrifugal  machinery.the  most  commonly  used  method  for  rotating  machines  is  vibration  analysis.measurements  can  be  taken  on  machine  bearing  casings  with  accelerometers  seismic  or  piezoelectric  transducers  to  measure  the  casing  vibrations,  and  on  the  vast  majority  of  critical  machines,  with  eddycurrent  transducers  that  directly  observe  the  rotating  shafts  to  measure  the  radial  and  axial  displacement  of  the  shaft.  the  level  of  vibration  can  be  compared  with  historical  baseline  values  such  as  former  start  ups  and  shutdowns,  and  in  some  cases  established  standards  such  as  load  changes,  to  assess  the  severity.  machinery  and  parts  oem  also  define  vibration  limits
__label__machineconditionmonitoring based  on  the  machine  design  or  of  the  internal  parts,  e.g.  fault  frequencies  of  bearings.  interpreting  the  vibration  signal  obtained  is  an  elaborate  procedure  that  requires  specialized  training  and  experience.  it  is  simplified  by  the  use  of  stateoftheart  technologies  that  provide  the  vast  majority  of  data  analysis  automatically  and  provide  information  instead  of  raw  data.  one  commonly  employed  technique  is  to  examine  the  individual  frequencies  present  in  the  signal.  these  frequencies  correspond  to  certain  mechanical  components  for  example,  the  various  pieces  that  make  up  a  rollingelement  bearing  or  certain  malfunctions  such  as  shaft  unbalance  or  misalignment.  by  examining  these  frequencies
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  their  harmonics,  the  cm  specialist  can  often  identify  the  location  and  type  of  problem,  and  sometimes  the  root  cause  as  well.  for  example,  high  vibration  at  the  frequency  corresponding  to  the  speed  of  rotation  is  most  often  due  to  residual  imbalance  and  is  corrected  by  balancing  the  machine.  a  degrading  rollingelement  bearing,  on  the  other  hand,  will  usually  exhibit  vibration  signals  at  specific  frequencies  increasing  in  intensity  as  it  wears.  special  analysis  instruments  can  detect  this  wear  weeks  or  even  months  before  failure,  giving  ample  warning  to  schedule  replacement  before  a  failure  which  could  cause  a  much  longer  downtime.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring beside  all  sensors  and  data  analysis  it  is  important  to  keep  in  mind  that  more  than  80  of  all  complex  mechanical  equipment  fail  accidentally  and  without  any  relation  to  their  lifecycle  period.most  vibration  analysis  instruments  today  utilize  a  fast  fourier  transform  fft  which  is  a  special  case  of  the  generalized  discrete  fourier  transform  and  converts  the  vibration  signal  from  its  time  domain  representation  to  its  equivalent  frequency  domain  representation.  however,  frequency  analysis  sometimes  called  spectral  analysis  or  vibration  signature  analysis  is  only  one  aspect  of  interpreting  the  information  contained  in  a  vibration  signal.  frequency  analysis  tends  to  be  most  useful
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  machines  that  employ  rolling  element  bearings  and  whose  main  failure  modes  tend  to  be  the  degradation  of  those  bearings,  which  typically  exhibit  an  increase  in  characteristic  frequencies  associated  with  the  bearing  geometries  and  constructions.  depending  on  the  type  of  machine,  its  typical  malfunctions,  the  bearing  types  employed,  rotational  speeds,  and  other  factors,  the  cm  specialist  may  use  additional  diagnostic  tools,  such  as  examination  of  the  time  domain  signal,  the  phase  relationship  between  vibration  components  and  a  timing  mark  on  the  machine  shaft  often  known  as  a  keyphasor,  historical  trends  of  vibration  levels,  the  shape  of  vibration,  and  numerous  other
__label__machineconditionmonitoring aspects  of  the  signal  along  with  other  information  from  the  process  such  as  load,  bearing  temperatures,  flow  rates,  valve  positions  and  pressures  to  provide  an  accurate  diagnosis.  this  is  particularly  true  of  machines  that  use  fluid  bearings  rather  than  rollingelement  bearings.  to  enable  them  to  look  at  this  data  in  a  more  simplified  form  vibration  analysts  or  machinery  diagnostic  engineers  have  adopted  a  number  of  mathematical  plots  to  show  machine  problems  and  running  characteristics,  these  plots  include  the  bode  plot,  the  waterfall  plot,  the  polar  plot  and  the  orbit  time  base  plot  amongst  others.handheld  data  collectors  and  analyzers  are  now
__label__machineconditionmonitoring commonplace  on  noncritical  or  balance  of  plant  machines  on  which  permanent  online  vibration  instrumentation  cannot  be  economically  justified.  the  technician  can  collect  data  samples  from  a  number  of  machines,  then  download  the  data  into  a  computer  where  the  analyst  and  sometimes  artificial  intelligence  can  examine  the  data  for  changes  indicative  of  malfunctions  and  impending  failures.  for  larger,  more  critical  machines  where  safety  implications,  production  interruptions  socalled  downtime,  replacement  parts,  and  other  costs  of  failure  can  be  appreciable  determined  by  the  criticality  index,  a  permanent  monitoring  system  is  typically  employed  rather  than  relying  on  periodic  handheld  data  collection.  however,  the  diagnostic
__label__machineconditionmonitoring methods  and  tools  available  from  either  approach  are  generally  the  same.recently  also  online  condition  monitoring  systems  have  been  applied  to  heavy  process  industries  such  as  pulp,  paper,  mining,  petrochemical  and  power  generation.  performance  monitoring  is  a  less  wellknown  condition  monitoring  technique.  it  can  be  applied  to  rotating  machinery  such  as  pumps  and  turbines,  as  well  as  stationary  items  such  as  boilers  and  heat  exchangers.  measurements  are  required  of  physical  quantities:  temperature,  pressure,  flow,  speed,  displacement,  according  to  the  plant  item.  absolute  accuracy  is  rarely  necessary,  but  repeatable  data  is  needed.  calibrated  test  instruments  are  usually  needed,  but  some  success  has
__label__machineconditionmonitoring been  achieved  in  plant  with  dcs  distributed  control  systems.  performance  analysis  is  often  closely  related  to  energy  efficiency,  and  therefore  has  long  been  applied  in  steam  power  generation  plants.  in  some  cases,  it  is  possible  to  calculate  the  optimum  time  for  overhaul  to  restore  degraded  performance.modelbased  voltage  and  current  systems  mbvi  systems:  this  is  a  technique  that  makes  use  of  the  information  available  from  the  current  and  voltage  signalsacross  all  three  phases  simultaneously.  modelbased  systems  are  able  to  identify  many  of  the  samephenomena  also  seen  by  more  conventional  techniques,  covering  electrical,  mechanical,  and  operationalareas.modelbased  systems  work  on  the  lines  shown
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  figure  6  below  and  measure  both  current  and  voltagewhile  the  motor  is  in  operation  and  then  automatically  creates  a  mathematical  model  of  the  relationshipbetween  current  and  voltage.  by  applying  this  model  to  the  measured  voltage,  a  modelled  current  iscalculated  and  this  is  compared  with  the  actual  measured  current.  deviations  between  the  measuredcurrent  and  the  modelled  current  represent  imperfections  in  the  motor  and  driven  equipment  system,which  can  be  analysed  using  a  combination  of  parks  vector  to  simplify  the  threephase  currents  intotwo  orthogonal  phases  dq,  fourier  analysis  to  give  a  power  spectral  density  plot,  and  algorithmicassessment  of  the  resulting  spectrum  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring identify  specific  faults  or  failure  modes.these  systems  are  designed  for  permanent  installation  as  a  condition  monitoring  solution  rather  thanas  a  shortterm  diagnostic  measurement  device,  and  their  outputs  can  be  integrated  into  normal  plantsystems.  being  permanently  connected,  historic  trends  are  automatically  captured.the  sort  of  output  that  these  types  of  device  can  create  include  single  screen,  traffic  light  displays  of  theoverall  equipment  operation,  together  with  diagnosis  of  a  range  of  mechanical,  electrical,  and  operationalproblems,  and  trend  plots  showing  how  these  parameters  are  changing  through  time.  the  concept  of  thistype  of  device  is  that  it  can  be  used  by  normal  plant  operators  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintainers  without  the  need  forspecialist  interpretation  of  spectra,  although  the  underlying  spectral  plots  are  available  if  required.the  sort  of  faults  that  can  be  detected  include  a  range  of  mechanical  problems  such  as  imbalance,misalignment,  and  bearing  problems  in  the  motor  and  driven  equipment,  as  well  as  electrical  problemsincluding  insulation  breakdown,  loose  stator  windings,  rotor  slot  problems,  current  or  voltage  imbalance,and  harmonic  distortion.  because  these  systems  measure  both  current  and  voltage,  they  also  monitorpower  and  are  able  to  identify  problems  caused  by  unusual  operating  conditions  and  identify  causes  oflost  efficiency.because  modelbased  systems  only  examine  the  difference  between  actual  and  predicted  currents,they  effectively
__label__machineconditionmonitoring filter  out  all  the  normal  electrical  signals  that  are  so  apparent  in  conventional  motor  currentspectral  analysis  mcsa,  leaving  a  much  simpler  set  of  signals  to  be  analysed.because  these  systems  are  based  on  the  relationship  between  voltage  and  current,  they  deal  well  withinverter  driven  systems  where  the  input  voltage  may  be  of  a  variable  frequency  and  there  may  be  a  noisywaveform  high  in  harmonic  components.  modelbased  systems  effectively  filter  out  all  this  noise  in  thevoltage  signal  from  the  resulting  current  signal,  leaving  just  the  underlying  imperfections.this  ease  of  use  and  low  cost  of  this  type  of  equipment  makes  it  appropriate  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring lower  cost,  lowercriticality  equipment.  other  techniques  often  visual  inspections  are  considered  to  form  an  underlying  component  of  condition  monitoring,  however  this  is  only  true  if  the  inspection  results  can  be  measured  or  critiqued  against  a  documented  set  of  guidelines.  for  these  inspections  to  be  considered  condition  monitoring,  the  results  and  the  conditions  at  the  time  of  observation  must  be  collated  to  allow  for  comparative  analysis  against  the  previous  and  future  measurements.  the  act  of  simply  visually  inspecting  a  section  of  pipework  for  the  presence  of  cracks  or  leaks  cannot  be  considered  condition  monitoring  unless  quantifiable  parameters  exist  to  support  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring inspection  and  a  relative  comparison  is  made  against  previous  inspections.  an  act  performed  in  isolation  to  previous  inspections  is  considered  a  condition  assessment,  condition  monitoring  activities  require  that  analysis  is  made  comparative  to  previous  data  and  reports  the  trending  of  that  comparison.slight  temperature  variations  across  a  surface  can  be  discovered  with  visual  inspection  and  nondestructive  testing  with  thermography.  heat  is  indicative  of  failing  components,  especially  degrading  electrical  contacts  and  terminations.  thermography  can  also  be  successfully  applied  to  highspeed  bearings,  fluid  couplings,  conveyor  rollers,  and  storage  tank  internal  buildup.a  scanning  electron  microscope  can  take  an  image  of  a  carefully  taken  sample
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  debris  suspended  in  lubricating  oil  taken  from  filters  or  magnetic  chip  detectors.  instruments  then  reveal  the  elements  contained,  their  proportions,  size  and  morphology.  using  this  method,  the  site,  the  mechanical  failure  mechanism  and  the  time  to  eventual  failure  may  be  determined.  this  is  called  wda  wear  debris  analysis.spectrographic  oil  analysis  that  tests  the  chemical  composition  of  the  oil  can  be  used  to  predict  failure  modes.  for  example,  a  high  silicon  and  aluminium  content  indicates  contamination  of  dirt  or  grit  aluminium  silicates  etc.,  and  high  iron  levels  indicate  wearing  components.  individually,  elements  give  fair  indications,  but  when  used  together  they
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  very  accurately  determine  failure  modes  e.g.  for  internal  combustion  engines,  the  presence  of  iron  liner,  aluminium  piston  and  chrome  rings  would  indicate  upper  cylinder  wear.ultrasound  can  be  used  for  highspeed  and  slowspeed  mechanical  applications  and  for  highpressure  fluid  situations.  digital  ultrasonic  meters  measure  high  frequency  signals  from  bearings  and  display  the  result  as  a  dbuv  decibels  per  microvolt  value.  this  value  is  trended  over  time  and  used  to  predict  increases  in  friction,  rubbing,  impacting,  and  other  bearing  defects.  the  dbuv  value  is  also  used  to  predict  proper  intervals  for  relubrication.  ultrasound  monitoring,  if  done  properly,  proves  out  to  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  great  companion  technology  for  vibration  analysis.headphones  allow  humans  to  listen  to  ultrasound  as  well.  a  high  pitched  buzzing  sound  in  bearings  indicates  flaws  in  the  contact  surfaces,  and  when  partial  blockages  occur  in  high  pressure  fluids  the  orifice  will  cause  a  large  amount  of  ultrasonic  noise.  ultrasound  is  used  in  the  shock  pulse  method  of  condition  monitoring.performance  analysis,  where  the  physical  efficiency,  performance,  or  condition  is  found  by  comparing  actual  parameters  against  an  ideal  model.  deterioration  is  typically  the  cause  of  difference  in  the  readings.  after  motors,  centrifugal  pumps  are  arguably  the  most  common  machines.  condition  monitoring  by  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring simple  headflow  test  near  duty  point  using  repeatable  measurements  has  long  been  used  but  could  be  more  widely  adopted.  an  extension  of  this  method  can  be  used  to  calculate  the  best  time  to  overhaul  a  pump  based  on  balancing  the  cost  of  overhaul  against  the  increasing  energy  consumption  that  occurs  as  a  pump  wears.  aviation  gas  turbines  are  also  commonly  monitored  using  performance  analysis  techniques  with  the  original  equipment  manufacturers  such  as  rollsroyce  plc  routinely  monitoring  whole  fleets  of  aircraft  engines  under  long  term  service  agreements  ltsas  or  total  care  packages.wear  debris  detection  sensors  are  capable  of  detecting  ferrous  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring nonferrous  wear  particles  within  the  lubrication  oil  giving  considerable  information  about  the  condition  of  the  measured  machinery.  by  creating  and  monitoring  a  trend  of  what  debris  is  being  generated  it  is  possible  to  detect  faults  prior  to  catastrophic  failure  of  rotating  equipment  such  as  gearboxs,  turbines,  etc.  the  criticality  index  the  criticality  index  is  often  used  to  determine  the  degree  on  condition  monitoring  on  a  given  machine  taking  into  account  the  machines  purpose,  redundancy  i.e.  if  the  machine  fails,  is  there  a  standby  machine  which  can  take  over,  cost  of  repair,  downtime  impacts,  health,  safety  and  environment  issues  and  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring number  of  other  key  factors.  the  criticality  index  puts  all  machines  into  one  of  three  categories:  critical  machinery  machines  that  are  vital  to  the  plant  or  process  and  without  which  the  plant  or  process  cannot  function.  machines  in  this  category  include  the  steam  or  gas  turbines  in  a  power  plant,  crude  oil  export  pumps  on  an  oil  rig  or  the  cracker  in  an  oil  refinery.  with  critical  machinery  being  at  the  heart  of  the  process  it  is  seen  to  require  full  online  condition  monitoring  to  continually  record  as  much  data  from  the  machine  as  possible  regardless  of  cost  and  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring often  specified  by  the  plant  insurance.  measurements  such  as  loads,  pressures,  temperatures,  casing  vibration  and  displacement,  shaft  axial  and  radial  displacement,  speed  and  differential  expansion  are  taken  where  possible.  these  values  are  often  fed  back  into  a  machinery  management  software  package  which  is  capable  of  trending  the  historical  data  and  providing  the  operators  with  information  such  as  performance  data  and  even  predict  faults  and  provide  diagnosis  of  failures  before  they  happen.essential  machinery  units  that  are  a  key  part  of  the  process,  but  if  there  is  a  failure,  the  process  still  continues.  redundant  units  if  available  fall  into  this  realm.  testing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  control  of  these  units  is  also  essential  to  maintain  alternative  plans  should  critical  machinery  fail.general  purpose  or  balance  of  plant  machines  these  are  the  machines  that  make  up  the  remainder  of  the  plant  and  normally  monitored  using  a  handheld  data  collector  as  mentioned  previously  to  periodically  create  a  picture  of  the  health  of  the  machine.  see  also  machining  vibrationsshock  pulse  method  notes  and  references  further  reading
__label__machineconditionmonitoring deformation  monitoring  also  referred  to  as  deformation  survey  is  the  systematic  measurement  and  tracking  of  the  alteration  in  the  shape  or  dimensions  of  an  object  as  a  result  of  stresses  induced  by  applied  loads.  deformation  monitoring  is  a  major  component  of  logging  measured  values  that  may  be  used  to  for  further  computation,  deformation  analysis,  predictive  maintenance  and  alarming.deformation  monitoring  is  primarily  related  to  the  field  of  applied  surveying,  but  may  be  also  related  to  civil  engineering,  mechanical  engineering,  construction,  and  geology.  the  measuring  devices  used  for  deformation  monitoring  depend  on  the  application,  the  chosen  method,  and  the  preferred  measurement  interval.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring measuring  devices  measuring  devices  or  sensors  can  be  sorted  in  two  main  groups,  geodetic  and  geotechnical  sensors.  both  measuring  devices  can  be  seamlessly  combined  in  modern  deformation  monitoring.  geodetic  measuring  devices  measure  georeferenced  relative  to  established  locations  outside  the  monitoring  area  displacements  or  movements  in  one,  two  or  three  dimensions.  it  includes  the  use  of  instruments  such  as  total  stations,  levels,  insar,  and  global  navigation  satellite  system  receivers.geotechnical  measuring  devices  measure  displacements  or  movements  and  related  environmental  effects  or  conditions  without  external  georeferencing.  it  includes  the  use  of  instruments  such  as  extensometers,  piezometers,  pressuremeters,  rain  gauges,  thermometers,  barometers,  tilt  meters,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring accelerometers,  seismometers  etc.  application  deformation  monitoring  can  be  required  for  the  following  applications:damsroadstunnelsbridges  and  viaductshighrise  and  historical  buildingsfoundationsconstruction  sitesmininglandslide  areasvolcanoessettlement  areasearthquake  areas  methods  deformation  monitoring  can  be  manual  or  automatic.  manual  deformation  monitoring  is  the  operation  of  sensors  or  instruments  by  hand  or  manual  downloading  of  collected  data  from  deformation  monitoring  instruments.  automatic  deformation  monitoring  operation  of  a  group  of  software  and  hardware  elements  for  deformation  monitoring  that,  once  set  up,  does  not  require  human  input  to  function.note  that  deformation  analysis  and  interpretation  of  the  data  collected  by  the  monitoring  system  is  not  included  in  this  definition.automated  deformation  monitoring  requires
__label__machineconditionmonitoring instruments  to  communicate  with  a  base  station.  communication  methods  used  include:transmission  cable  rs232,  rs485,  fiber  opticslocal  area  network  lanwireless  lan  wlanmobile  communication  gsm,  gprs,  umtswimax  regularity  and  scheduling  the  monitoring  regularity  and  time  interval  of  the  measurements  must  be  considered  depending  on  the  application  and  object  to  be  monitored.  objects  can  undergo  both  rapid,  high  frequency  movement  and  slow,  gradual  movement.  for  example,  a  bridge  might  oscillates  with  a  period  of  a  few  seconds  due  to  the  influence  of  traffic  and  wind  and  also  be  shifting  gradually  due  to  tectonic  changes.regularity:  ranges  from  a  days,  weeks  or  years  for  manual
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  and  continuous  for  automatic  monitoring  systems.measurement  interval:  ranges  from  fractions  of  a  second  to  hours.  deformation  analysis  deformation  analysis  is  concerned  with  determining  if  a  measured  displacement  is  significant  enough  to  warrant  a  response.  deformation  data  must  be  checked  for  statistical  significance,  and  then  checked  against  specified  limits,  and  reviewed  to  see  if  movements  below  specified  limits  imply  potential  risks.the  software  acquires  data  from  sensors,  computes  meaningful  values  from  the  measurements,  records  results,  and  can  notify  responsible  persons  should  threshold  value  be  exceeded.  however,  a  human  operator  must  make  considered  decisions  on  the  appropriate  response  to  the  movement,  e.g.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring independent  verification  though  onsite  inspections,  reactive  controls  such  as  structural  repairs  and  emergency  responses  such  as  shut  down  processes,  containment  processes  and  site  evacuation.  see  also  deformation  surveyengineering  geologyslope  stabilitystructural  health  monitoring  references  literature,  b.  glisic  and  d.  inaudi  2008.  fibre  optic  methods  for  structural  health  monitoring.  wiley.  isbn  9780470061428literature,  john  dunnicliff  1988,1993.  geotechnical  instrumentation  for  monitoring  field  performance.  wiley.  isbn  0471005460  further  reading  american  surveyor,  elevated  monitoring  page  612bozzano,  francesca;  cipriani,  ivan;  mazzanti,  paolo;  prestininzi,  alberto  2011.  displacement  patterns  of  a  landslide  affected  by  human  activities:  insights  from  groundbased  insar  monitoring.  natural  hazards.  59  3:  1377.  doi:10.1007/s1106901198406.north  americas  largest
__label__machineconditionmonitoring copper  mine,  automated  mine  monitoring  integrated  systemthe  use  of  slope  stability  radar  ssr  in  managing  slope  instability  hazards,  ausimm  bulletin,  january/february  2008applications  and  limitations  of  automated  motorized  total  stations  by  douglas  s.  roy,  p.e.,  m.asce  and  pierre  gouvin,  a.m.ascethe  american  surveyor  oct  2007  24/7  structural  monitoringmonitoring  of  open  pit  mines  using  combined  gnss  satellite  receivers  and  robotic  total  stationsengineering  solutions  with  trimble  4d  control,  trimble  survey  controller,  trimble  s8  total  station  white  paper,  trimble  2007advances  in  rtk  and  post  processed  monitoring  with  single  frequency  gpsnachweis  von  turmbewegungen  mit  einem  multisensorsystemmonitoring  hong  kongs  bridges  realtime  kinematic  spans  the  gapfig  2001  modern
__label__machineconditionmonitoring predictive  maintenance  techniques  are  designed  to  help  determine  the  condition  of  inservice  equipment  in  order  to  estimate  when  maintenance  should  be  performed.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  warranted.  thus,  it  is  regarded  as  conditionbased  maintenance  carried  out  as  suggested  by  estimations  of  the  degradation  state  of  an  item.the  main  promise  of  predictive  maintenance  is  to  allow  convenient  scheduling  of  corrective  maintenance,  and  to  prevent  unexpected  equipment  failures.  the  key  is  the  right  inforquipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety,  fewer  accidents  with  negative  impact  on  environment,  and  optimized  spare  parts
__label__machineconditionmonitoring handling.predictive  maintenance  differs  from  preventive  maintenance  because  it  relies  on  the  actual  condition  of  equipment,  rather  than  average  or  expected  life  statistics,  to  predict  when  maintenance  will  be  required.some  of  the  main  components  that  are  necessary  for  implementing  predictive  maintenance  are  data  collection  and  preprocessing,  early  fault  detection,  fault  detection,  time  to  failure  prediction,  maintenance  scheduling  and  resource  optimization.  predictive  maintenance  has  also  been  considered  to  be  one  of  the  driving  forces  for  improving  productivity  and  one  of  the  ways  to  achieve  justintime  in  manufacturing.since  2001,  the  center  for  intelligent  maintenance  systems  industry/university  collaborative  research  center  has  been  working  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  development  of  advance  methods  and  technologies  for  predictive  maintenance.  the  developed  approaches  have  been  successfully  validated  in  over  70  projects  conducted  with  research  and  industry  partners  for  enabling  products  and  systems  to  achieve  and  sustain  nearzero  breakdown.  the  vision  has  been  to  estimate  the  current  health  of  a  plant  equipment  and  predict  the  next  fault  event  for  improved  productivity  and  asset  utilization.  and  later  adopted  by  fanuc  in  2013  overview  predictive  maintenance  evaluates  the  condition  of  equipment  by  performing  periodic  offline  or  continuous  online  equipment  condition  monitoring.  the  ultimate  goal  of  the  approach  is  to  perform  maintenance  at  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring scheduled  point  in  time  when  the  maintenance  activity  is  most  costeffective  and  before  the  equipment  loses  performance  within  a  threshold.  this  results  in  a  reduction  in  unplanned  downtime  costs  because  of  failure  where  for  instance  costs  can  be  in  the  hundreds  of  thousands  per  day  depending  on  industry.  in  energy  production  in  addition  to  loss  of  revenue  and  component  costs,  fines  can  be  levied  for  non  delivery  increasing  costs  even  further.  this  is  in  contrast  to  time  and/or  operation  countbased  maintenance,  where  a  piece  of  equipment  gets  maintained  whether  it  needs  it  or  not.  timebased  maintenance  is  labor  intensive,  ineffective
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  identifying  problems  that  develop  between  scheduled  inspections,  and  so  is  not  costeffective.  the  fundamental  idea  is  to  transform  the  traditional  fail  and  fix  maintenance  practice  to  a  predict  and  prevent  approach.the  predictive  component  of  predictive  maintenance  stems  from  the  goal  of  predicting  the  future  trend  of  the  equipments  condition.  this  approach  uses  principles  of  statistical  process  control  to  determine  at  what  point  in  the  future  maintenance  activities  will  be  appropriate.most  predictive  inspections  are  performed  while  equipment  is  in  service,  thereby  minimizing  disruption  of  normal  system  operations.  adoption  of  predictive  maintenance  can  result  in  substantial  cost  savings  and  higher  system
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reliability.reliabilitycentered  maintenance  emphasizes  the  use  of  predictive  maintenance  techniques  in  addition  to  traditional  preventive  measures.  when  properly  implemented,  it  provides  companies  with  a  tool  for  achieving  lowest  asset  net  present  costs  for  a  given  level  of  performance  and  risk.one  goal  is  to  transfer  the  predictive  maintenance  data  to  a  computerized  maintenance  management  system  so  that  the  equipment  condition  data  is  sent  to  the  right  equipment  object  to  trigger  maintenance  planning,  work  order  execution,  and  reporting.  unless  this  is  achieved,  the  predictive  maintenance  solution  is  of  limited  value,  at  least  if  the  solution  is  implemented  on  a  medium  to  large  size
__label__machineconditionmonitoring plant  with  tens  of  thousands  pieces  of  equipment.  in  2010,  the  mining  company  boliden,  implemented  a  combined  distributed  control  system  and  predictive  maintenance  solution  integrated  with  the  plant  computerized  maintenance  management  system  on  an  object  to  object  level,  transferring  equipment  data  using  protocols  like  highway  addressable  remote  transducer  protocol,  iec61850  and  ole  for  process  control.  technologies  to  evaluate  equipment  condition,  predictive  maintenance  utilizes  nondestructive  testing  technologies  such  as  infrared,  acoustic  partial  discharge  and  airborne  ultrasonic,  corona  detection,  vibration  analysis,  sound  level  measurements,  oil  analysis,  and  other  specific  online  tests.  a  new  approach  in  this  area  is  to  utilize  measurements  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  actual  equipment  in  combination  with  measurement  of  process  performance,  measured  by  other  devices,  to  trigger  equipment  maintenance.  this  is  primarily  available  in  collaborative  process  automation  systems  cpas.  site  measurements  are  often  supported  by  wireless  sensor  networks  to  reduce  the  wiring  cost.vibration  analysis  is  most  productive  on  highspeed  rotating  equipment  and  can  be  the  most  expensive  component  of  a  pdm  program  to  get  up  and  running.  vibration  analysis,  when  properly  done,  allows  the  user  to  evaluate  the  condition  of  equipment  and  avoid  failures.  the  latest  generation  of  vibration  analyzers  comprises  more  capabilities  and  automated  functions  than  its  predecessors.  many  units
__label__machineconditionmonitoring display  the  full  vibration  spectrum  of  three  axes  simultaneously,  providing  a  snapshot  of  what  is  going  on  with  a  particular  machine.  but  despite  such  capabilities,  not  even  the  most  sophisticated  equipment  successfully  predicts  developing  problems  unless  the  operator  understands  and  applies  the  basics  of  vibration  analysis.in  certain  situations,  strong  background  noise  interferences  from  several  competing  sources  may  mask  the  signal  of  interest  and  hinder  the  industrial  applicability  of  vibration  sensors.  consequently,  motor  current  signature  analysis  mcsa  is  a  nonintrusive  alternative  to  vibration  measurement  which  has  the  potential  to  monitor  faults  from  both  electrical  and  mechanical  systems.remote  visual  inspection  is  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring first  non  destructive  testing.  it  provides  a  costefficient  primary  assessment.  essential  information  and  defaults  can  be  deduced  from  the  external  appearance  of  the  piece,  such  as  folds,  breaks,  cracks  and  corrosion.  the  remote  visual  inspection  has  to  be  carried  out  in  good  conditions  with  a  sufficient  lighting  350  lux  at  least.  when  the  part  of  the  piece  to  be  controlled  is  not  directly  accessible,  an  instrument  made  of  mirrors  and  lenses  called  endoscope  is  used.  hidden  defects  with  external  irregularities  may  indicate  a  more  serious  defect  inside.acoustical  analysis  can  be  done  on  a  sonic  or  ultrasonic  level.  new  ultrasonic  techniques
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  condition  monitoring  make  it  possible  to  hear  friction  and  stress  in  rotating  machinery,  which  can  predict  deterioration  earlier  than  conventional  techniques.  ultrasonic  technology  is  sensitive  to  highfrequency  sounds  that  are  inaudible  to  the  human  ear  and  distinguishes  them  from  lowerfrequency  sounds  and  mechanical  vibration.  machine  friction  and  stress  waves  produce  distinctive  sounds  in  the  upper  ultrasonic  range.changes  in  these  friction  and  stress  waves  can  suggest  deteriorating  conditions  much  earlier  than  technologies  such  as  vibration  or  oil  analysis.  with  proper  ultrasonic  measurement  and  analysis,  its  possible  to  differentiate  normal  wear  from  abnormal  wear,  physical  damage,  imbalance  conditions,  and  lubrication  problems
__label__machineconditionmonitoring based  on  a  direct  relationship  between  asset  and  operating  conditions.sonic  monitoring  equipment  is  less  expensive,  but  it  also  has  fewer  uses  than  ultrasonic  technologies.  sonic  technology  is  useful  only  on  mechanical  equipment,  while  ultrasonic  equipment  can  detect  electrical  problems  and  is  more  flexible  and  reliable  in  detecting  mechanical  problems.infrared  monitoring  and  analysis  has  the  widest  range  of  application  from  high  to  lowspeed  equipment,  and  it  can  be  effective  for  spotting  both  mechanical  and  electrical  failures;  some  consider  it  to  currently  be  the  most  costeffective  technology.  oil  analysis  is  a  longterm  program  that,  where  relevant,  can  eventually  be  more  predictive  than
__label__machineconditionmonitoring any  of  the  other  technologies.  it  can  take  years  for  a  plants  oil  program  to  reach  this  level  of  sophistication  and  effectiveness.  analytical  techniques  performed  on  oil  samples  can  be  classified  in  two  categories:  used  oil  analysis  and  wear  particle  analysis.  used  oil  analysis  determines  the  condition  of  the  lubricant  itself,  determines  the  quality  of  the  lubricant,  and  checks  its  suitability  for  continued  use.  wear  particle  analysis  determines  the  mechanical  condition  of  machine  components  that  are  lubricated.  through  wear  particle  analysis,  you  can  identify  the  composition  of  the  solid  material  present  and  evaluate  particle  type,  size,  concentration,  distribution,  and  morphology.the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring use  of  model  based  condition  monitoring  for  predictive  maintenance  programs  is  becoming  increasingly  popular  over  time.  this  method  involves  spectral  analysis  on  the  motors  current  and  voltage  signals  and  then  compares  the  measured  parameters  to  a  known  and  learned  model  of  the  motor  to  diagnose  various  electrical  and  mechanical  anomalies.  this  process  of  model  based  condition  monitoring  was  originally  designed  and  used  on  nasas  space  shuttle  to  monitor  and  detect  developing  faults  in  the  space  shuttles  main  engine.  it  allows  for  the  automation  of  data  collection  and  analysis  tasks,  providing  round  the  clock  condition  monitoring  and  warnings  about  faults  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  develop.  software  commercial  software  matlab  provides  a  predictive  maintenance  toolbox  for  analyzing  sensor  data  and  estimating  the  remaining  useful  life  of  a  machine.  applications  by  industry  railway  detect  problems  before  they  cause  downtime  for  linear,  fixed  and  mobile  assets.improving  safety  and  track  void  detection  through  a  new  vehicle  cabbased  monitoring  systemsiemens  tracksure  track  monitoring  system  is  able  to  identify  voids  underneath  track  from  the  acceleration  measured  in  the  vehicle  cab.can  also  identify  the  type  of  track  asset  that  the  void  is  located  under  and  provide  an  indication  of  the  severity  of  the  voidhealth  monitoring  of  point  machines  devices  used
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  operate  railway  turnouts  can  aid  in  detecting  early  symptoms  of  degradation  prior  to  failure.  manufacturing  early  fault  detection  and  diagnosis  in  the  manufacturing  industry.manufacturers  increasingly  collect  big  data  from  internet  of  things  iot  sensors  in  their  factories  and  products  and  using  different  algorithms  for  the  collected  data  to  detect  warning  signs  of  expensive  failures  before  they  occur.manufacturing  industry:  predict  equipment  failures  can  be  easily  found  out  using  big  data.  oil  and  gas  oil  and  gas  companies  often  lack  visibility  into  the  condition  of  their  equipment,  especially  in  remote  offshore  and  deepwater  locations.big  data  can  provide  insight  to  oil  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring gas  companies,  this  way  equipment  failures  and  the  optimal  lifetime  of  the  system  and  components  can  be  analyzed  and  predicted.considerable  work  has  been  done  in  the  area  of  health  monitoring  and  fault  diagnosis  of  rotating  machinery  equipment  in  manufacturing  industry.  battery  detecting  underlying  degradation  and  predicting  how  soon  a  battery  will  reach  a  level  of  unsatisfactory  performance.health  assessment  of  batteries  in  electric  vehicles  for  accurate  quantification  of  the  state  of  health  soh  and  its  subsequent  impact  on  vehicle  mobility.  see  also  rcaseroot  cause  analysisproduction  flow  analysisintelligent  maintenance  system  references
__label__machineconditionmonitoring proactive  maintenance  is  the  maintenance  philosophy  that  supplants  failure  reactive  with  failure  proactive  by  activities  that  avoid  the  underlying  conditions  that  lead  to  machine  faults  and  degradation.  unlike  predictive  or  preventive  maintenance,  proactive  maintenance  commissions  corrective  actions  aimed  at  failure  root  causes,  not  failure  symptoms.  its  central  theme  is  to  extend  the  life  of  machinery  as  opposed  tomaking  repairs  when  often  nothing  is  wrong,accommodating  failure  as  routine  or  normal,  ordetecting  impending  failure  conditions  followed  by  remediation.proactive  maintenance  depends  on  rigorous  machine  inspection  and  condition  monitoring.  in  mechanical  machinery  it  seeks  to  detect  and  eradicate  failure  root  causes  such  as  wrong
__label__machineconditionmonitoring conformance  testing  an  element  of  conformity  assessment,  and  also  known  as  compliance  testing,  or  type  testing  is  testing  or  other  activities  that  determine  whether  a  process,  product,  or  service  complies  with  the  requirements  of  a  specification,  technical  standard,  contract,  or  regulation.  testing  is  often  either  logical  testing  or  physical  testing.  the  test  procedures  may  involve  other  criteria  from  mathematical  testing  or  chemical  testing.  beyond  simple  conformance,  other  requirements  for  efficiency,  interoperability  or  compliance  may  apply.  conformance  testing  is  performed  by  an  accredited  independent  organization,  which  can  sometimes  be  the  author  of  the  standard  ul,  fm  for  example.  when  testing  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring accompanied  by  certification,  the  products  or  services  may  then  be  advertised  as  being  certified  in  compliance  with  the  referred  technical  standard.  manufacturers  and  suppliers  of  products  and  services  rely  on  such  certification  including  listing  on  the  certification  bodys  website,  to  assure  quality  to  the  end  user  and  that  competing  suppliers  are  on  the  same  level.aside  from  the  various  types  of  testing,  related  conformance  testing  activities  include:surveillanceinspectionauditingcertificationaccreditation  typical  areas  of  application  conformance  testing  is  applied  in  various  industries  where  a  product  or  service  must  meet  specific  quality  and/or  regulatory  standards.  this  includes  areas  such  as:biocompatibility  proofingdata  and  communications  protocol  engineeringdocument  engineeringelectronic
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  electrical  engineeringmedical  procedure  proofingpharmaceutical  packagingsoftware  engineeringbuilding  construction  firein  all  such  testing,  the  subject  of  test  is  not  just  the  formal  conformance  in  aspects  of  completeness  of  filed  proofs,  validity  of  referred  certificates,  and  qualification  of  operating  staff.  rather,  it  also  heavily  focuses  on  operational  conditions,  physical  conditions,  and  applied  test  environments.  by  extension  conformance  testing  leads  to  a  vast  set  of  documents  and  files  that  allow  for  reiterating  all  performed  tests.  software  engineering  in  software  testing,  conformance  testing  verifies  that  a  product  performs  according  to  its  specified  standards.  compilers,  for  instance,  are  extensively  tested  to  determine  whether  they  meet
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  recognized  standard  for  that  language.  electronic  and  electrical  engineering  in  electronic  engineering  and  electrical  engineering,  some  countries  and  business  environments  such  as  telecommunication  companies  require  that  an  electronic  product  meet  certain  requirements  before  they  can  be  sold.  standards  for  telecommunication  products  written  by  standards  organizations  such  as  ansi,  the  fcc,  and  iec  have  certain  criteria  that  a  product  must  meet  before  compliance  is  recognized.  in  countries  such  as  japan,  china,  korea,  and  some  parts  of  europe,  products  cannot  be  sold  unless  they  are  known  to  meet  those  requirements  specified  in  the  standards.  usually,  manufacturers  set  their  own  requirements  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ensure  product  quality,  sometimes  with  levels  much  higher  than  what  the  governing  bodies  require.  compliance  is  realized  after  a  product  passes  a  series  of  tests  without  occurring  some  specified  mode  of  failure.compliance  testing  for  electronic  devices  include  emissions  tests,  immunity  tests,  and  safety  tests.  emissions  tests  ensure  that  a  product  will  not  emit  harmful  electromagnetic  interference  in  communication  and  power  lines.  immunity  tests  ensure  that  a  product  is  immune  to  common  electrical  signals  and  electromagnetic  interference  emi  that  will  be  found  in  its  operating  environment,  such  as  electromagnetic  radiation  from  a  local  radio  station  or  interference  from  nearby  products.  safety
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tests  ensure  that  a  product  will  not  create  a  safety  risk  from  situations  such  as  a  failed  or  shorted  power  supply,  blocked  cooling  vent,  and  powerline  voltage  spikes  and  dips.for  example,  ericssons  telecommunications  research  and  development  subsidiary  telcordia  technologies  publishes  conformance  standards  for  telecommunication  equipment  to  pass  the  following  tests:radiated  immunity  an  antenna  is  used  to  subject  the  device  to  electromagnetic  waves,  covering  a  large  frequency  range  usually  from  80  mhz  to  6  ghz.radiated  emissions  one  or  more  antennas  are  used  to  measure  the  amplitude  of  the  electromagnetic  waves  that  a  device  emits.  the  amplitude  must  be  under  a  set
__label__machineconditionmonitoring limit,  with  the  limit  depending  on  the  devices  classification.conducted  immunity  low  frequency  signals  usually  10  khz  to  80  mhz  are  injected  onto  the  data  and  power  lines  of  a  device.  this  test  is  used  to  simulate  the  coupling  of  low  frequency  signals  onto  the  power  and  data  lines,  such  as  from  a  local  am  radio  station.conducted  emissions  similar  to  radiated  emissions,  except  the  signals  are  measured  at  the  power  lines  with  a  filter  device.electrostatic  discharge  esd  immunity  electrostatic  discharges  with  various  properties  rise  time,  peak  voltage,  fall  time,  and  half  time  are  applied  to  the  areas  on  the  device  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  likely  to  be  discharged  too,  such  as  the  faces,  near  user  accessible  buttons,  etc.  discharges  are  also  applied  to  a  vertical  and  horizontal  ground  plane  to  simulate  an  esd  event  on  a  nearby  surface.  voltages  are  usually  from  2  kv  to  15  kv,  but  commonly  go  as  high  as  25  kv  or  more.electrical  fast  transient  burst  immunity  eftb  bursts  of  high  voltage  pulses  are  applied  to  the  powerlines  to  simulate  events  such  as  repeating  voltage  spikes  from  a  motor.powerline  dip  immunity  the  line  voltage  is  slowly  dropped  down  then  brought  back  up.powerline  surge  immunity  a  surge  is  applied  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  line  voltage.  standardization  and  agreements  several  international  standards  relating  to  conformance  testing  are  published  by  the  international  organization  for  standardization  iso  and  covered  in  the  divisions  of  ics  03.120.20  for  management  and  ics  23.040.01  for  technical.  other  standalone  iso  standards  include:iso/tr  13881:2000  petroleum  and  natural  gas  industriesclassification  and  conformity  assessment  of  products,  processes  and  servicesiso  184364:2008  condition  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  machinesrequirements  for  qualification  and  assessment  of  personnelpart  4:  field  lubricant  analysisiso/iec  18009:1999  information  technologyprogramming  languagesada:  conformity  assessment  of  a  language  processor  conformity  assessment  and  mutual  recognition  agreements  many  countries  sign  mutual  recognition  agreements  mras  with  other  countries  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring order  to  promote  trade  of  and  facilitate  market  access  to  goods  and  services,  while  making  it  easier  to  meet  a  countrys  conformance  testing  requirements.  additionally,  these  agreements  have  the  advantage  of  increasing  confidence  in  conformance  assessment  bodies  e.g.,  testing  labs  and  certification  bodies,  and  by  extension,  product  quality.  see  also  governance,  risk  management,  and  compliancestandards  organizationstest  assertion  references
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  refers  to  interconnected  sensors,  instruments,  and  other  devices  networked  together  with  computers  industrial  applications,  including  manufacturing  and  energy  management.  this  connectivity  allows  for  data  collection,  exchange,  and  analysis,  potentially  facilitating  improvements  in  productivity  and  efficiency  as  well  as  other  economic  benefits.  the  iiot  is  an  evolution  of  a  distributed  control  system  dcs  that  allows  for  a  higher  degree  of  automation  by  using  cloud  computing  to  refine  and  optimize  the  process  controls.  overview  the  iiot  is  enabled  by  technologies  such  as  cybersecurity,  cloud  computing,  edge  computing,  mobile  technologies,  machinetomachine,  3d  printing,  advanced  robotics,  big  data,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring internet  of  things,  rfid  technology,  and  cognitive  computing.  five  of  the  most  important  ones  are  described  below:cyberphysical  systems  cps:  the  basic  technology  platform  for  iot  and  iiot  and  therefore  the  main  enabler  to  connect  physical  machines  that  were  previously  disconnected.  cps  integrates  the  dynamics  of  the  physical  process  with  those  of  software  and  communication,  providing  abstractions  and  modeling,  design,  and  analysis  techniques.cloud  computing:  with  cloud  computing  it  services  and  resources  can  be  uploaded  to  and  retrieved  from  the  internet  as  opposed  to  direct  connection  to  a  server.  files  can  be  kept  on  cloudbased  storage  systems  rather  than  on  local  storage
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices.edge  computing:  a  distributed  computing  paradigm  which  brings  computer  data  storage  closer  to  the  location  where  it  is  needed.  in  contrast  to  cloud  computing,  edge  computing  refers  to  decentralized  data  processing  at  the  edge  of  the  network.  the  industrial  internet  requires  more  of  an  edgepluscloud  architecture  rather  than  one  based  on  purely  centralized  cloud;  in  order  to  transform  productivity,  products  and  services  in  the  industrial  world.big  data  analytics:  big  data  analytics  is  the  process  of  examining  large  and  varied  data  sets,  or  big  data.artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning:  artificial  intelligence  ai  is  a  field  within  computer  science  in  which  intelligent
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machines  are  created  that  work  and  react  like  humans.  machine  learning  is  a  core  part  of  ai,  allowing  software  to  more  accurately  predict  outcomes  without  explicitly  being  programmed.  architecture  iiot  systems  are  often  conceived  as  a  layered  modular  architecture  of  digital  technology.  the  device  layer  refers  to  the  physical  components:  cps,  sensors  or  machines.  the  network  layer  consists  of  physical  network  buses,  cloud  computing  and  communication  protocols  that  aggregate  and  transport  the  data  to  the  service  layer,  which  consists  of  applications  that  manipulate  and  combine  data  into  information  that  can  be  displayed  on  the  driver  dashboard.  the  topmost  stratum  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  stack  is  the  content  layer  or  the  user  interface.  history  the  history  of  the  iiot  begins  with  the  invention  of  the  programmable  logic  controller  plc  by  dick  morley  in  1968,  which  was  used  by  general  motors  in  their  automatic  transmission  manufacturing  division.  these  plcs  allowed  for  fine  control  of  individual  elements  in  the  manufacturing  chain.  in  1975,  honeywell  and  yokogawa  introduced  the  worlds  first  dcss,  the  tdc  2000  and  the  centum  system,  respectively.  these  dcss  were  the  next  step  in  allowing  flexible  process  control  throughout  a  plant,  with  the  added  benefit  of  backup  redundancies  by  distributing  control  across  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring entire  system,  eliminating  a  singular  point  of  failure  in  a  central  control  room.with  the  introduction  of  ethernet  in  1980,  people  began  to  explore  the  concept  of  a  network  of  smart  devices  as  early  as  1982,  when  a  modified  coke  machine  at  carnegie  mellon  university  became  the  first  internetconnected  appliance,  able  to  report  its  inventory  and  whether  newly  loaded  drinks  were  cold.  as  early  as  in  1994,  greater  industrial  applications  were  envisioned,  as  reza  raji  described  the  concept  in  ieee  spectrum  as  moving  small  packets  of  data  to  a  large  set  of  nodes,  so  as  to  integrate  and  automate  everything  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring home  appliances  to  entire  factories.the  concept  of  the  internet  of  things  first  became  popular  in  1999,  through  the  autoid  center  at  mit  and  related  marketanalysis  publications.  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  was  seen  by  kevin  ashton  one  of  the  founders  of  the  original  autoid  center  as  a  prerequisite  for  the  internet  of  things  at  that  point.  if  all  objects  and  people  in  daily  life  were  equipped  with  identifiers,  computers  could  manage  and  inventory  them.  besides  using  rfid,  the  tagging  of  things  may  be  achieved  through  such  technologies  as  near  field  communication,  barcodes,  qr  codes  and  digital  watermarking.the  current  conception  of  the  iiot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring arose  after  the  emergence  of  cloud  technology  in  2002,  which  allows  for  the  storage  of  data  to  examine  for  historical  trends,  and  the  development  of  the  opc  unified  architecture  protocol  in  2006,  which  enabled  secure,  remote  communications  between  devices,  programs,  and  data  sources  without  the  need  for  human  intervention  or  interfaces.one  of  the  first  consequences  of  implementing  the  industrial  internet  of  things  by  equipping  objects  with  minuscule  identifying  devices  or  machinereadable  identifiers  would  be  to  create  instant  and  ceaseless  inventory  control.  another  benefit  of  implementing  an  iiot  system  is  the  ability  to  create  a  digital  twin  of  the  system.  utilizing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring this  digital  twin  allows  for  further  optimization  of  the  system  by  allowing  for  experimentation  with  new  data  from  the  cloud  without  having  to  halt  production  or  sacrifice  safety,  as  the  new  processes  can  be  refined  virtually  until  they  are  ready  to  be  implemented.  a  digital  twin  can  also  serve  as  a  training  ground  for  new  employees  who  wont  have  to  worry  about  real  impacts  on  the  live  system.  standards  and  frameworks  iot  frameworks  help  support  the  interaction  between  things  and  allow  for  more  complex  structures  like  distributed  computing  and  the  development  of  distributed  applications.  currently,  some  iot  frameworks  focus  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring realtime  data  logging  solutions  like  jasper  technologies,  inc.  and  xively:  offering  some  basis  to  work  with  many  things  and  have  them  interact.  future  developments  may  lead  to  software  development  environments  targeted  specifically  for  creating  the  software  needed  to  work  with  iot  hardware.  companies  are  developing  technology  platforms  to  provide  this  type  of  functionality  for  the  internet  of  things.  newer  platforms  are  being  developed,  which  add  more  intelligence.ibm  has  announced  cognitive  iot,  which  combines  traditional  iot  with  machine  intelligence  and  learning,  contextual  information,  industryspecific  models  and  natural  language  processing.the  xmpp  standards  foundation  xsf  is  creating  such  a  framework  called  chatty  things,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring which  is  a  fully  open,  vendorindependent  standard  using  xmpp  to  provide  a  distributed,  scalable,  and  secure  infrastructure.rest  is  a  scalable  architecture  which  allows  for  things  to  communicate  over  hypertext  transfer  protocol  and  is  easily  adopted  for  iot  applications  to  provide  communication  from  a  thing  to  a  central  web  server.mqtt  is  a  publishsubscribe  architecture  on  top  of  tcp/ip  which  allows  for  bidirectional  communication  between  a  thing  and  a  mqtt  broker.nodered  in  an  open  source  software  designed  by  ibm  to  connect  apis,  hardware,  and  online  services.opc  is  a  series  of  standards  designed  by  the  opc  foundation  to  connect  computer  systems  to  automated
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices.the  industrial  internet  consortiums  iic  industrial  internet  reference  architecture  iira  and  the  german  industry  4.0  are  independent  efforts  to  create  a  defined  standard  for  iiotenabled  facilities.  application  and  industries  the  term  industrial  internet  of  things  is  often  encountered  in  the  manufacturing  industries,  referring  to  the  industrial  subset  of  the  iot.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  will  enable  the  creation  of  new  business  models  by  improving  productivity,  exploiting  analytics  for  innovation,  and  transforming  the  workforce.  the  potential  of  growth  by  implementing  iiot  is  predicted  to  generate  15  trillion  of  global  gdp  by  2030.while  connectivity  and  data  acquisition  are  imperative  for  iiot,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  are  not  the  end  goals,  but  rather  the  foundation  and  path  to  something  bigger.  of  all  the  technologies,  predictive  maintenance  is  an  easier  application,  as  it  is  applicable  to  existing  assets  and  management  systems.  intelligent  maintenance  systems  can  reduce  unexpected  downtime  and  increase  productivity,  which  is  projected  to  save  up  to  12  over  scheduled  repairs,  reduce  overall  maintenance  costs  up  to  30,  and  eliminate  breakdowns  up  to  70,  according  to  some  studies.  industrial  big  data  analytics  plays  a  vital  role  in  manufacturing  asset  predictive  maintenance,  although  that  is  not  the  only  capability  of  industrial  big  data.  cyberphysical  systems  cps
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  the  core  technology  of  industrial  big  data  and  they  will  be  an  interface  between  human  and  the  cyber  world.  cyberphysical  systems  can  be  designed  by  following  the  5c  connection,  conversion,  cyber,  cognition,  configuration  architecture,  and  they  transform  the  collected  data  into  actionable  information  and  eventually  interact  with  the  physical  assets  to  optimize  processes.an  iotenabled  intelligent  system  of  such  capability  has  been  demonstrated  by  the  nsf  industry/university  collaborative  research  center  for  intelligent  maintenance  systems  ims  at  university  of  cincinnati  on  a  band  saw  machine  in  imts  2014  in  chicago.  band  saw  machines  are  not  necessarily  expensive,  but  band  saw  belt
__label__machineconditionmonitoring expenses  are  enormous  since  they  degrade  much  faster.  however,  without  sensing  and  intelligent  analytics,  it  can  only  be  determined  by  experience  when  the  band  saw  belt  will  actually  break.  the  developed  prognostics  system  is  able  to  recognize  and  monitor  the  degradation  of  band  saw  belts  even  if  the  condition  is  changing,  so  that  users  can  know  in  near  realtime  the  optimal  time  to  replace  the  belt.  the  developed  analytical  algorithms  were  realized  on  a  cloud  server,  and  were  made  accessible  via  the  internet  and  on  mobile  devices.integration  of  sensing  and  actuation  systems  connected  to  the  internet  can  optimize  energy  consumption
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  a  whole.  it  is  expected  that  iot  devices  will  be  integrated  into  all  forms  of  energy  consuming  devices  switches,  power  outlets,  bulbs,  televisions,  etc.  and  be  able  to  communicate  with  the  utility  supply  company  in  order  to  effectively  balance  power  generation  and  energy  usage.  besides  home  based  energy  management,  the  iiot  is  especially  relevant  to  the  smart  grid  since  it  provides  systems  to  gather  and  act  on  energy  and  powerrelated  information  in  an  automated  fashion  with  the  goal  to  improve  the  efficiency,  reliability,  economics,  and  sustainability  of  the  production  and  distribution  of  electricity.  using  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  devices
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connected  to  the  internet  backbone,  electric  utilities  can  not  only  collect  data  from  enduser  connections,  but  also  manage  other  distribution  automation  devices  like  transformers  and  reclosers.as  of  2016,  other  realworld  applications  include  incorporating  smart  leds  to  direct  shoppers  to  empty  parking  spaces  or  highlight  shifting  traffic  patterns,  using  of  sensors  on  water  purifiers  to  alert  managers  via  computer  or  smartphone  when  to  replace  parts,  attaching  rfid  tags  to  safety  gear  to  track  personnel  and  ensure  their  safety,  embedding  computers  into  power  tools  to  record  and  track  the  torque  level  of  individual  tightenings,  and  collecting  data  from  multiple  systems  to  enable
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  simulation  of  new  processes.  automotive  industry  using  iiot  in  car  manufacturing  implies  the  digitalization  of  all  elements  of  production.  software,  machines  and  humans  are  interconnected,  enabling  suppliers  and  manufacturers  to  rapidly  respond  to  changing  standards.  iiot  enables  efficient  and  costeffective  production  by  moving  data  from  the  customers  to  the  companys  systems,  and  then  to  individual  sections  of  the  production  process.  with  iiot,  new  tools  and  functionalities  can  be  included  in  the  manufacturing  process.  for  example,  3d  printers  simplify  the  way  of  shaping  pressing  tools  by  printing  the  shape  directly  from  steel  granulate.  these  tools  enable  new  possibilities  for  designing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  high  precision.  customization  of  vehicles  is  also  enabled  by  iiot  due  to  the  modularity  and  connectivity  of  this  technology.  while  in  the  past  they  worked  separately,  iiot  now  enables  humans  and  robots  to  cooperate.  robots  take  on  the  heavy  and  repetitive  activities,  so  the  manufacturing  cycles  are  quicker  and  the  vehicle  comes  to  the  market  more  rapidly.  factories  can  quickly  identify  potential  maintenance  issues  before  they  lead  to  downtime  and  many  of  them  are  moving  to  a  24hour  production  plant,  due  to  higher  security  and  efficiency.  the  majority  of  automotive  manufacturers  companies  have  production  plants  in  different  countries,  where
__label__machineconditionmonitoring different  components  of  the  same  vehicle  are  built.  iiot  makes  possible  to  connect  these  production  plants  to  each  other,  creating  the  possibility  to  move  within  facilities.  big  data  can  be  visually  monitored  which  enables  companies  to  respond  faster  to  fluctuations  in  production  and  demand.  oil  and  gas  industry  with  iiot  support,  large  amounts  of  raw  data  can  be  stored  and  sent  by  the  drilling  gear  and  research  stations  for  cloud  storage  and  analysis.  with  iiot  technologies,  the  oil  and  gas  industry  has  the  capability  to  connect  machines,  devices,  sensors,  and  people  through  interconnectivity,  which  can  help  companies  better  address  fluctuations
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  demand  and  pricing,  address  cybersecurity,  and  minimize  environmental  impact.across  the  supply  chain,  iiot  can  improve  the  maintenance  process,  the  overall  safety,  and  connectivity.  drones  can  be  used  to  detect  possible  oil  and  gas  leaks  at  an  early  stage  and  at  locations  that  are  difficult  to  reach  e.g.  offshore.  they  can  also  be  used  to  identify  weak  spots  in  complex  networks  of  pipelines  with  builtin  thermal  imaging  systems.  increased  connectivity  data  integration  and  communication  can  help  companies  with  adjusting  the  production  levels  based  on  realtime  data  of  inventory,  storage,  distribution  pace,  and  forecasted  demand.  for  example,  a  deloitte  report  states
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  by  implementing  an  iiot  solution  integrating  data  from  multiple  internal  and  external  sources  such  as  work  management  system,  control  centre,  pipeline  attributes,  risk  scores,  inline  inspection  findings,  planned  assessments,  and  leak  history,  thousands  of  miles  of  pipes  can  be  monitored  in  realtime.  this  allows  monitoring  of  pipeline  threats,  improving  risk  management,  and  providing  situational  awareness.benefits  also  apply  to  specific  processes  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  the  exploration  process  of  oil  and  gas  can  be  done  more  precisely  with  4d  models  built  by  seismic  imaging.  these  models  map  fluctuations  in  oil  reserves  and  gas  levels,  they  strive  to  point
__label__machineconditionmonitoring out  the  exact  quantity  of  resources  needed,  and  they  forecast  the  lifespan  of  wells.  the  application  of  smart  sensors  and  automated  drillers  gives  companies  the  opportunity  to  monitor  and  produce  more  efficiently.  further,  the  storing  process  can  also  be  improved  with  the  implementation  of  iiot  by  collecting  and  analyzing  realtime  data  to  monitor  inventory  levels  and  temperature  control.  iiot  can  enhance  the  transportation  process  of  oil  and  gas  by  implementing  smart  sensors  and  thermal  detectors  to  give  realtime  geolocation  data  and  monitor  the  products  for  safety  reasons.  these  smart  sensors  can  monitor  the  refinery  processes,  and  enhance  safety.  the  demand
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  products  can  be  forecasted  more  precisely  and  automatically  be  communicated  to  the  refineries  and  production  plants  to  adjust  production  levels.  security  as  the  iiot  expands,  new  security  concerns  arise  with  it.  every  new  device  or  component  that  connects  to  the  iiot  can  become  a  potential  liability.  gartner  estimates  that  by  2020,  more  than  25  of  recognized  attacks  on  enterprises  will  involve  iotconnected  systems,  despite  its  accounting  for  less  than  10  of  it  security  budgets.  existing  cybersecurity  measures  are  vastly  inferior  for  internetconnected  devices  compared  to  their  traditional  computer  counterparts,  which  can  allow  for  them  to  be  hijacked  for  ddosbased
__label__machineconditionmonitoring attacks  by  botnets  like  mirai.  another  possibility  is  the  infection  of  internetconnected  industrial  controllers,  like  in  the  case  of  stuxnet,  without  the  need  for  physical  access  to  the  system  to  spread  the  worm.additionally,  iiotenabled  devices  can  allow  for  more  traditional  forms  of  cybercrime,  as  in  the  case  of  the  2013  target  data  breach,  where  information  was  stolen  after  hackers  gained  access  to  targets  networks  via  credentials  stolen  from  a  third  party  hvac  vendor.  the  pharmaceutical  manufacturing  industry  has  been  slow  to  adopt  iiot  advances  because  of  security  concerns  such  as  these.  one  of  the  difficulties  in  providing  security  solutions  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring what  is  condition  monitoring  cm?  condition  monitoring  vs.  condition  assessment  the  5  main  benefits  of  iot  condition  monitoring  reduced  maintenance  costs  maximized  production  optimized  inventory  of  spare  parts  accurate  and  relevant  data  for  driving  product  development  extended  machinery  lifetime  condition  monitoring  techniques  condition  monitoring  software  leveraging  condition  monitoring  to  create  business  value  machine  human  best  outcome  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring early  predictions  on  equipment  malfunctions  and  service  maintenance  can  be  automatically  scheduled  ahead  of  an  actual  part  failure  by  installing  sensors  inside  equipment  to  monitor  and  send  reports.  machine  condition  monitoring  is  used  to  determine  the  condition  of  a  machine  with  the  intent  to  forecast  mechanical  wear  and  failure.  the  predicted  data  provides  health  information  about  the  machine  and  helps  to  predict  machinery  failure.  the  monitoring  equipment  tracks  changes  in  temperature,  vibration,  and  output  of  machines  in  order  to  detect  an  imbalance,  corrosion,  wear,  misalignment,  sediment  buildup,  or  poorly  lubricated  parts.  condition  monitoring  has  gained  importance  in  line  with  increased
__label__machineconditionmonitoring company  focus  on  productivity  and  asset  utilization.  the  machine  condition  monitoring  market  was  valued  at  usd  2.21  billion  in  2017  and  is  expected  to  reach  usd  3.5  billion  by  2024,  at  a  cagr  of  6.7  during  the  forecast  period.  source:  machine  condition  monitoring  equipment  market  to  cross  3.2  billion  by  2023.  source:  increased  machine  availability  and  reliability  improved  operating  efficiency  improved  risk  management  less  downtime  reduced  maintenance  costs  better  planning  reduced  spare  parts  inventories  improved  safety  improved  knowledge  of  the  machine  condition  safe  shortterm  overloading  of  machine  possible  extended  operational  life  of  the  machine  improved  customer  relations  less  planned/unplanned  downtime
__label__machineconditionmonitoring elimination  of  chronic  failures  root  cause  analysis  and  redesign  reduction  of  postoverhaul  failures  due  to  improperly  performed  maintenance  or  reassembly  monitoring  equipment  costs  usually  significant  operational  costs  running  the  program  skilled  personnel  needed  strong  management  commitment  needed  a  significant  runin  time  to  collect  machine  histories  and  trends  is  usually  needed  reduced  costs  are  usually  harder  to  sell  to  management  as  benefits  when  compared  with  increased  profits.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring why  checking  equipment  and  calibration  in  real  time  keeps  product  quality  high.  a  primary  manufacturing  goal  is  to  maintain  high  product  quality.  for  many  enterprises,  however,  this  objective  still  seems  hardly  achievable.  too  often,  product  quality  issues  are  uncovered  only  when  a  product  fails  in  testing,  or  worse,  when  a  customer  makes  a  return  or  triggers  a  recall.  a  common  is  faulty  equipment,  which  has  not  been  properly  maintained  or  calibrated.  manufacturers  are  increasingly  turning  to  iotdriven  machine  condition  monitoring,  which  helps  reveal  equipment  issues  that  can  affect  the  quality  of  products  so  they  can  be  fixed  before  things  get
__label__machineconditionmonitoring worse.  condition  monitoring  enables  product  quality  control  by  detecting  combinations  of  equipment  health,  such  as  spindle  vibration  frequency,  engine  temperature,  cutting  speed,  and  ambient  parameters,  such  as  temperature  and  humidity.  combined,  these  parameters  can  cause  deterioration  in  the  quality  of  a  product  output.  a  historical  data  set  that  contains  equipment  condition  records  gathered  through  a  time  period  say,  a  year  is  combined  with  the  data  bout  product  quality  deviations  and  context  data  for  example,  equipment  maintenance  history  from  either  erp,  pims,  or  dcs  systems.  the  combined  data  set  is  then  fed  into  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms,  which  can  then  detect
__label__machineconditionmonitoring causal  correlations  in  the  incoming  data  records.  uncovered  correlations  are  reflected  in  predictive  models,  which  are  then  used  to  identify  combinations  of  equipment  condition  and  environmental  parameters  that  can  lead  to  product  quality  issues.  for  example,  in  pulp  processing  some  of  the  quality  issues  include  deviations  in  the  concentration  of  dissolved  alkali.  the  machine  learning  component  of  iot  detects  hidden  patterns  in  the  data  and  states  that  a  higher  concentration  of  alkali  stems  from  a  deviation  in  two  process  parameters:  reduced  processing  temperature  and  increased  white  liquor  flow.  manufacturers  across  industries  can  leverage  iot  for  and  controlling  the  quality  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring products  and  components  manufactured  on  them.  here  are  a  few  examples:  in  the  pulp  and  paper  industry,  iot  allows  monitoring  the  condition  of  rollers  in  paper  machines.  a  defect  of  just  one  roller  bearing  can  significantly  affect  the  quality  of  the  produced  paper  and  cause  fluffing  and  changes  in  paper  thickness.  monitoring  the  condition  of  roller  bearings  with  vibration  sensors  is  enough  to  avoid  a  large  percentage  of  quality  issues.  vibration  sensors  on  each  end  of  the  roller  continuously  gather  realtime  data  about  the  roller  health  and  relay  it  to  the  cloud  software.  if  a  roller  does  not  function  properly,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  iot  solution  alerts  an  operator.  in  electronics,  in  the  process  of  mounting  semiconductors  on  circuit  boards,  tiny  puffs  of  air  are  used  to  direct  the  placement  of  chips.  the  placement  machines  are  calibrated  according  to  current  environmental  conditions  temperature,  humidity,  etc..  a  minor  change  in,  say,  temperature  parameters  generates  a  heat  profile  that  can  cause  placement  defects.  temperature  and  humidity  sensors  are  used  to  monitor  the  environment,  in  which  machines  operate.  once  a  change  is  detected,  a  machine  can  receive  a  command  to  make  calibration  adjustments  to  meet  the  quality  standards.  in  the  steel  industry,  iot  helps  detect  equipment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issues  that  affect  the  quality  of  steel  during  the  metal  forming  process.  during  the  process,  a  slab  an  output  of  casting  is  reheated  and  run  through  the  rolling  mills,  so  that  its  thickness  is  reduced  to  less  than  an  inch.  the  problems  in  the  condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  can  lead  to  significant  quality  issues.  the  most  common  causes  may  include  the  rolls  failing  to  catch  the  metal,  so  that  it  will  pile  up  or  the  rolls  not  rolling  evenly,  which  results  in  one  side  of  the  metal  sheet  being  thicker  than  the  other.  to  prevent  these  issues,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  bearings  is  monitored  with  vibration  and  magnetic  guide  sensors.  in  the  automotive  industry,  the  penetration  of  moisture  into  the  spaces  and  gaps  in  welded  spots  can  lead  to  porosity,  while  temperature  variations  in  welding  machines  can  lead  to  a  weld  joint  failure.  iiot  is  applied  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  the  level  of  humidity  around  a  machine  to  avoid  incorrect  placement  and  ensure  high  quality  of  the  welded  products.  monitoring  the  condition  and  the  environment  of  machines,  on  which  products  are  manufactured,  delivers  the  following  benefits:  since  the  technology  market  does  not  yet  offer
__label__machineconditionmonitoring outofthebox  iotdriven  condition  monitoring  solutions,  enterprises  need  to  design  and  implement  custom  iot  applications.  given  the  complexity  of  iot  implementation,  it  proves  efficient  for  the  enterprises  to  collaborate  with  external  parties:  an  iot  platform  vendor  or  an  independent  iot  integrator.  opting  for  an  iot  platform  vendor  has  the  following  advantages:  however,  going  for  the  collaboration  with  a  single  iot  platform  vendor,  enterprises  are  unlikely  to  get  the  bestofbreed  functionality,  as  they  often  get  locked  up  in  the  vendors  solution  ecosystem  with  limited  options  to  test  alternative  solution  components  that  may  be  a  better  fit.  collaborating  with  an  iot  integrator,  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  other  hand,  offers  the  possibility  to  build  an  iot  solution  from  the  components  tailored  to  the  enterprises  needs.  still,  the  cost  of  implementation  will  rise,  as  enterprises  have  to  buy  separate  individual  modules  from  multiple  vendors  and  partner  with  an  integrator  to  bring  these  modules  together.  although  iotbased  condition  monitoring  paves  the  way  to  improvements  in  production  quality,  such  an  approach  has  certain  limitations,  as  data  about  machine  conditions  may  be  not  enough  for  wellrounded  quality  assurance.  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  for  instance,  cannot  identify  issues  arising  from  the  use  of  defective  or  misidentified  components,  or  improper  material
__label__machineconditionmonitoring handling.  controlling  the  quality  of  products  by  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  on  which  they  are  manufactured,  helps  to  drive  yield  improvement,  reduce  scrap,  and  minimize  rework.  compared  to  other  quality  assurance  techniques  for  example,  based  on  inspecting  parts  and  semifinished  products  as  they  move  through  the  production  cycle,  the  condition  monitoringbased  approach  may  offer  less  differentiation  in  terms  of  quality  control  scope,  but  it  helps  identify  quality  issues  at  their  incipient  stage  and  predict  potential  ones.  about  the  author:  boris  shiklo  is  the  cto  at  ,  responsible  for  the  companys  longterm  technological  vision  and  innovation  strategies.  under  his  supervision,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  companys  development  team  has  successfully  fulfilled  complex  projects  of  more  than  80,000  manhours  in  healthcare,  banking  finance,  retail,  telecommunications,  public  sector,  and  other  domains.  he  has  a  solid  background  in  it  consulting,  software  development,  project  management,  and  strategic  planning.  content  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest  from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you  gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iotenabled  condition  monitoring  solutions  give  manufacturers  the  data  they  need  to  make  smarter  decisions  about  operations.  by  identifying  areas  for  improvement,  manufacturers  can  boost  productivity  and  efficiency  while  reducing  operational  costs:  not  only  does  condition  monitoring  allow  you  to  determine  areas  for  improvement,  but  it  can  also  help  manufacturers  identify  potential  problems  and  take  the  necessary  actions  before  issues  occur.  with  condition  monitoring  iot  solutions,  manufacturers  can  prevent  damage  and  reduce  maintenance  costs:  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  the  condensate  conductivity  on  a  boiler  can  indicate  the  presence  of  a  cooling  water  leak  long  before  hydrogen  embrittlement  of  the  boilers  furnace  tubes  causes  it  to  fail.  a  current  sensor  on  a  power  lead  can  reveal  that  a  machine  is  beginning  to  draw  more  power,  indicating  that  it  is  beginning  to  have  problems.  measuring  the  temperature  of  a  pump  can  allow  an  operator  to  shut  it  down  before  it  is  damaged  by  overheating.  monitoring  and  measuring  very  simple  parameters  in  and  around  a  valuable  piece  of  equipment  can  prolong  its  useful  life  while  simultaneously  slashing  maintenance  costs  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring downtime.  unfortunately,  many  machines  need  to  do  their  jobs  in  locations  that  make  wired  data  communications  and  ac  power  installations  impractical.  whats  needed  is  a  lowpower  wireless  solution  that  can  extend  the  network  edge  to  include  those  locations  while  providing  five  nines  uptime.  based  on  the  wireless  ieee  802.15.4e  standard,  a  smartmesh  ip  mesh  network  is  an  excellent  choice,  even  in  harsh,  dynamically  changing  rf  environments.  smartmesh  ip  mesh  networks  provide  redundant  routing  to  the  network  gateway,  as  every  sensor  node  in  a  mesh  network  serves  as  a  router.  each  node  can  receive  data  from  any  other  network  node  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  within  range,  and  transmit  data  to  any  other  network  node  that  is  within  range.  if  one  path  to  the  network  gateway  fails,  the  network  nodes  will  reroute  through  another.  devices  can  transmit  data  over  long  distances  by  passing  data  through  intermediate  devices  to  reach  more  distant  ones,  and  the  network  gateway  doesnt  need  to  be  within  range  of  very  device  on  the  network.  this  makes  smartmesh  ip  networks  highly  scalable.  fullfeatured  network  gateways  can  connect  via  wired  connections  or  the  cellular  data  networks,  meaning  that  you  can  put  them  anywhere  that  you  can  get  a  cell  phone  signal.  simple
__label__machineconditionmonitoring internet  of  things  technologies  like  low  power  wireless  mesh  networking  and  cellular  network  gateways  can  pay  immediate  dividends  by  cutting  your  maintenance  costs  and  increasing  overall  productivity.  november  12,  2018  november  7,  2018  september  28,  2018  required  fields  are  marked  ottawa,  il,  usa  no.  1,  alley  20,  lane  26,  rueiguang  road,  neihu  district,  taipei  11491,  taiwan,  r.o.c.  toll  free:  0800777111  oranmore,  co.  galway,  ireland  phone:  353  91  792444  fax:  353  91  792445  email:  phone:  886227927818  as  part  of  the  advantech  family,  bb  smartworx  provides  dramatic  new  capabilities  and  layers  of  sophistication  for  improved  efficiency  and  productivity  in  intelligent,  industrial  networking
__label__machineconditionmonitoring refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  condition  monitoring  is  nothing  but  checking  the  condition  of  any  system  or  machine.  by  monitoring  the  machines  regularly,  it  becomes  easy  to  see  whether  the  machines  need  repairing  or  not.  as  per  the  research  by  ,  the  machine  condition  monitoring  market  is  valued  at  usd  2.21  billion  in  the  year  2017.  the  condition  monitoring  market  is  expected  to  reach  usd  3.5  billion  by  the  year  2024,  at  a  cagr  of  6.7  percent.  in  route  based  monitoring,  the  technicians  record  data  intermittently.  it  performs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  deep  health  analysis  of  the  machine.  after  analyzing  the  data,  technicians  decide  if  there  is  a  need  for  advanced  analysis.  as  per  a  ,  82  percent  of  organizations  have  faced  an  unplanned  downtime  over  the  last  three  years.  an  unplanned  downtime  is  a  severe  problem  as  it  can  cost  the  company  a  cost  of  260,000  us  dollars  per  hour.  according  to  another  research,  64  percent  of  unplanned  downtime  occurred  due  to  machine  failure  or  equipment  failure.  there  can  be  multiple  reasons  behind  the  downtime  of  a  machine.  it  can  happen  due  to  overuse  of  the  machine,  or  due  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring improper  maintenance  or  lack  of  efficient  machines  condition  tracking.  organizations  try  to  be  ahead  of  failures  to  keep  work  progress  going.  failure  of  machines  and  equipment  can  cost  a  great  loss  to  the  organization.  internet  of  things  has  proved  the  best  option  for  condition  monitoring.  the  predicted  value  of  condition  monitoring  market  is  457  billion  by  the  year  2020.  the  predicted  cagr  is  28.5  percent.  a  total  of  472  billion  was  invested  in  iot  in  industrial  manufacturing  in  2014.  the  estimated  investment  in  the  year  2020  is  890  billion.  for  2020,  the  installed  base  of  the  internet  of  things  devices
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  forecast  to  grow  to  almost  31  billion  worldwide.  source:  .  the  industrial  sector  is  optimizing  the  usage  of  iot  to  reduce  machine  downtime  occurrences  and  start  maintaining  the  machines  before  they  break  down.  companies  use  iot  based  condition  monitoring  for  better  performance.  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__machineconditionmonitoring one  location  for  your  critical  alerts  oil  analysis  condition  monitoring  can  reveal  oil  health,  oil  contamination  and  machine  wear.  tank  level  condition  monitoring  can  detect  deep  subsurface  defects  within  tank  equipment.  pressure  and  temperature  condition  monitoring  can  determine  when  thresholds  have  been  exceeded  to  address  alerts  quickly.  2019  gems  sensors,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring new  equipment  digest  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  directory  sensors  gateways  field  cloud  gateways  eld  gateways  discard  the  intermediate  data  points  for  more  efficient  data  transmission.  data  lake  big  data  warehouse  basic  analytics  user  applications  depending  on  the  current  business  needs,  an  established  condition  monitoring  solution  can  be  boosted  with  advanced  architecture  components.  integrating  these  components  will  expand
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  range  of  the  solutions  capabilities  to  predictive  maintenance  and  product  quality  control.  predictive  maintenance  deep  analytics  unit  takes  in  the  equipment  condition  data,  combines  it  with  the  yield  quality  data  and  the  context  e.g.,  recommended  equipment  settings,  maintenance  data,  etc.  and  runs  the  combined  data  set  through  machine  learning  algorithms  to  detect  those  machine  condition  patterns  that  influence  the  quality  of  the  output  products.  once  a  machine  learning  model  identifies  a  machine  condition  that  can  influence  the  quality  of  the  products,  it  informs  the  solution  users  of  a  potential  quality  defect  and  triggers  an  output.  for  instance,  a  machines
__label__machineconditionmonitoring actuators  can  receive  a  command  to  set  a  machine  off  in  case  it  enters  a  prefailure  state  to  avoid  producing  faulty  products  and  prevent  equipment  failure.  iotdriven  condition  monitoring  solutions  leverage  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms  to  detect  those  patterns  in  the  equipment  data  that  lead  to  potential  failures.  this  enables  maintenance  specialists  to  address  issues  before  they  have  a  significant  impact  on  asset  maintenance  costs.  identifying  the  combinations  of  parameters  that  can  potentially  lead  to  equipment  failures  helps  to  choose  optimal  equipment  operation  mode  and  adjust  ambient  conditions  to  prolong  the  lifetime  of  machinery.  with  the  realtime  data  about  how
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machines  are  running,  manufacturers  can  detect  those  patterns  in  machine  health  parameters  that  lead  to  quality  deteriorations.  they  can  use  this  information  to  adjust  certain  operating  parameters  and  thus  improve  the  quality  of  an  output  product.  iotdriven  condition  monitoring  drives  value  from  three  perspectives:  it  provides  a  realtime  view  into  the  health  and  condition  of  the  industrial  machines,  paves  the  way  towards  predictive  maintenance,  and  allows  manufacturers  to  make  datadriven  decisions  to  improve  product  quality.  to  get  these  improvements  faster  and  with  reasonable  investments,  it  is  good  to  approach  the  implementation  iteratively.  rolled  out  in  iterations,  an  iotdriven  condition  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring experience  the  benefits  of  iotpredict  first  hand,  order  now  and  begin  your  journey  toward  true  industrial  iot.  now,  through  a  ground  breaking  partnership  between  dell,  microsoft  and  actionpoint,  condition  monitoring  is  undergoing  a  paradigm  shift  and  moving  to  the  promised  land  of  to  date  solutions  for  monitoring  critical  machines  and  plant  equipment  have  been  inflexible,  suffer  from  proprietary  lockin  and  are  daunting  to  implement.  newer  iot  based  offerings,  have  promised  much,  but  to  date  have  been  incomplete  and  mostly  unsuitable  for  industrial  environments.  each  pack  includes  a  complete  solution;  hardware,  software,  sensors,  instructions.  pop  on  the  sensors,  spend  10  minutes
__label__machineconditionmonitoring configuring  settings  and  you  are  done.  no  big  install.  no  it  expertise  required.  no  server  needed.  quickly  deploy  across  your  operation.  start  with  1  machine,  10  or  100.  iotpredict  is  infinitely  scalable  and  easily  tailored  to  you  requirements.  our  team  can  help  configure  solutions  to  meet  your  precise  needs.  iotpredict  is  designed  and  built  to  handle  the  rigours  of  harsh  industrial  requirements.  featuring  ip  rated  sensors,  industry  standard  connectors,  designed  for  247  long  term  operation  with  expanded  temperature  ranges.  check  dashboards,  run  queries  and  receive  alerts  on  your  desktop,  tablet  or  smartphone.  create  a  single  view  of  multiple  plants  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring compare  performance  oee  across  regions.  by  enabling  smart  manufacturing  techniques  such  as  predictive  maintenance,  advanced  analytics,  business  intelligence  and  machine  learning,  iotpredict  allows  manufacturers  to  embrace  and  adopt  industry  4.0  in  their  business.  iotpredict  has  been  designed  from  the  ground  up  to  enable  customers  to  have  sensor  data  relevant  to  their  operations,  efficiently  captured  at  the  edge  and  available  in  azure  iot  within  10  minutes  of  opening  the  box.  a  true  allinone  solution.  with  industrial  ip  rated  sensors  connected  to  a  rugged  dell  edge  gateway,  sensor  data  is  securely,  accurately  and  reliably  captured  on  the  shop  floor.  it  is  then
__label__machineconditionmonitoring processed,  stored  and  then  forwarded  in  realtime  against  customer  defined  business  rules  to  microsoft  azure  iot.  for  convenience,  iotpredict  ships  with  industrial  grade  vibration,  current  and  temperature  sensors,  out  of  the  box.  as  iotpredict  is  built  upon  the  industry  4..20ma  standard,  you  have  the  flexibility  to  connect  any  sensor  of  your  choice,  suited  to  your  particular  operational  requirements.  data  capture  sectionn  within  azure  iot,  the  sensor  data  is  automatically  visualised  through  easy  to  build  and  configure  dashboards.  visualize  section  alerting  section  alert  rules  are  easily  and  quickly  configured  with  email  and  sms  notifications  being  triggered  to  the  right  people  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  organisation  at  the  right  time,  precisely  when  they  need  them  most  alerting  section  analytics  section  over  time  the  sensor  data  builds  up  into  a  highly  valuable  repository  of  industrial  intelligence  that  can  be  queried,  cross  referenced  with  other  mes  erp  systems  and  further  analysed  to  identify  where  process  improvements  can  be  made,  preventative  maintenance  calls  scheduled,  predictive  maintenance  models  generated.  analytics  section  machine  learning  iotpredict  sensor  data  is  securely  and  accurately  captured  at  the  edge,  tagged,  structured  and  dropped  into  azure  cloud  storage.  this  data  can  then  be  made  available  for  powerful  machine  learning  analytics  and  algorithms  for  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring purposes  of  anomaly  detection  and  predictive  maintenance  modelling.  now  you  can  easily,  accurately  and  reliably  monitor  all  kinds  of  machines  and  equipment.  iotpredict  can  be  used  to  instrument  high  volume  production  critical  equipment,  quickly,  cost  effectively  and  with  near  zero  impact  on  your  existing  production  operations.  examples  of  plant  and  equipment  suited  to  iotpredict  are:  iotpredict  is  interoperable  with  and  can  be  used  to  compliment  existing  building  management  systems  bms  to  monitor  the  following:  iotpredict  is  the  ideal  tool  to  quickly,  easily  and  cost  effectively  connect  your  industrial  equipment  to  the  internet  of  things.  experience  the  benefits  of  iotpredict  first
__label__machineconditionmonitoring hand,  order  now  and  begin  your  journey  toward  true  industrial  iot.  use  iotpredict  to  identify  potential  faults,  avoid  unnecessary  downtime  and  optimise  machine  and  equipment  performance.  vivian  farrell,  modular  automation  patrick  ward,  principal  solutions  specialist  iot  at  microsoft  marc  flanagan,  emea  director
__label__machineconditionmonitoring single  axis  piezoelectric  vibration  measurement  to  10khz  temperature  compact  size  user  replaceable  standard  battery  simple  installation  three  axis  mems  technology  vibration  measurement  to  6khz  temperature  compact  size  user  replaceable  standard  battery  simple  installation  single  axis  piezoelectric  atex/iecex  certified  vibration  temperature  compact  size  user  replaceable  standard  battery  simple  installation  low  cost  sensor  measures  pressure  and  temperature  compact  size  user  replaceable  standard  battery  simple  installation  low  cost  measures  temperature  only  compact  size  user  replaceable  standard  battery  simple  installation  full  condition  monitoring  out  of  the  box  sensors  and  software  local  or  cloud  based  comprehensive  data  processing  simple  and  effective  machine  condition  display  your
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  how  can  i  turn  an  ordinary  machine  into  a  smart  machine?  what  are  the  benefits?  how  much  computing  power  or  programming  knowledge  do  i  need  to  implement  condition  monitoring?  what  are  the  major  concerns  for  a  machine  operator  that  conditionmonitoring  sensors  can  capture?  download  sponsored  by  to  get  the  answers  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  monitoring  is  a  necessity  in  modern  production  and  business  models.  condition  monitoring  or,  colloquially,  cm  is  the  process  of  monitoring  a  parameter  of  condition  in  machinery  vibration,  temperature,  et  cetera  to  identify  a  significant  change  that  is  indicative  of  a  developing  fault.  it  is  a  major  component  of  predictive  maintenance.  companies  cannot  afford  any  unexpected  downtime  caused  by  machine  malfunction  and  power.  taking  precautions  to  monitor  the  health  and  viability  of  equipment  is  a  must.  condition  monitoring  allows  to  operate  old  machines  and  infrastructure  e.g.  conveyor  systems  longer  than  originally  planned.  this  way,  investments  can  be  minimized  and  shifted
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  strategically  important  topics.  injection  molding  machines  have  a  lifetime  of  up  to  30  years.  there  was  no  internet  or  cell  phone  available  30  years  ago.  these  oldenbutgolden  machines  can  be  operated  in  many  more  years,  even  concerning  the  mechanical  parts.  with  mica,  hartings  industrial  edge  computer,  you  can  digitally  retrofit  your  legacy  machines  and  retrofit  excellent  condition  monitoring.  mica  speaks  all  major  protocols  of  the  injection  molding  machines  euromap  15,  euromap  63  and  opcua.  this  way,  you  can  connect  your  machines  to  new  information  technology  systems  and  the  cloud.  in  manufacturing,  unexpected  downtime  has  farreaching  and  expensive  consequences.  condition
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  with  mica  gives  transparency  to  the  health  status  of  the  equipment.  as  soon  as  a  parameter  is  outside  of  the  expected  norm,  it  can  be  addressed  in  a  controlled  manner.  this  prevents  downtime  during  normal  working  hours.  some  applications  can  only  be  monitored  remotely.  an  example  of  this  is  a  gearbox  on  wind  turbines.  insights  provided  by  condition  monitoring,  such  as  the  temperature  in  critical  points,  and  adjustments  can  be  made  to  fix  those  conditions  should  they  be  outside  of  the  norm.  for  example,  changing  the  speeds  of  the  turbine  rotation  can  reduce  temperatures  inside  the  turbine.  one  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  unexpected  costs  of  downtime  is  service  and  travel  costs.  using  sensor  data  and  displaying  machines  as  digital  twins  is  the  fastest  way  to  avoid  downtime.  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  when  it  is  cost  effective  and  convenient.  never  worry  about  your  machine  late  at  night  or  while  you  are  on  the  road.  conditions  can  be  accessed  anytime  and  anywhere,  so  you  are  never  unprepared.  get  started  prototyping  your  solution  with  the  harting  mica  ciss  complete  starter  kit.  this  kit  contains  everything  needed  for  a  basic  condition  monitoring  application.  a  gearbox  manufacturer  needed  to  maximize  the  output  efficiency  of  wind  power
__label__machineconditionmonitoring stations  to  reduce  the  need  for  maintenance.  to  do  this,  they  needed  a  solution  that  constantly  monitors  the  temperature  within  the  gearbox.  sensors  on  the  gearbox  would  read  the  temperature  and  shut  down  the  wind  turbine/motor  or  reduce  the  speed  in  case  of  abnormal  temperatures.  the  turbine  speed  would  return  to  normal  once  the  gearbox  reached  a  normal  temperature.  in  addition  to  preventing  overheating,  the  information  would  be  used  at  a  central  location  to  gather  insight  on  the  overall  health  of  the  wind  power  plant.  temperature  measurement  from  inside  a  gearbox  or  motor  is  especially  difficult  because  sensors  cannot  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connected  to  long  cables  because  they  would  get  tangled  up  during  rotation.  the  unique  inaccessibility  associated  with  wind  power  stations  means  that  a  maintenancefree  solution  is  required.  this  need  would  not  be  met  if  power  source  needed  to  be  replaced  periodically  i.e.  no  batteries  allowed.  despite  these  strict  requirements,  this  kind  of  solution  is  possible  using  uhf  passive  rfid,  as  the  power  can  be  harvested  directly  from  the  rf  signals  transmitted  by  the  rfid  antenna.  the  harting  etbv2  sensor  simultaneously  absorbs  rf  energy  to  activate  the  temperature  sensor,  as  well  as  transmits  the  dynamic  temperature  reading  over  rfid,  back  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  reader.  in  addition  to  these  communication  requirements,  the  solution  needed  to  be  able  to  process  the  information  locally,  so  that  abnormalities  in  temperature  could  be  processed  and  reactedto  appropriately,  directly  at  the  source.  the  perfect  solution  used  the  mica  rfr350  combined  with  one  of  hartings  rfid  sensor  transponders:  the  havis  etbv2.  the  etbv2  is  approved  for  use  onmetal  and  rated  to  ip67,  making  it  suitable  for  the  applications  environment.  the  transponder  contains  a  power  harvester,  which  allowed  it  to  capture  temperature  readings  from  an  attached  pt1000  temperature  sensor.  since  the  transponder  is  passive,  it  could  gather  power  wirelessly  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring then  power  the  temperature  sensor.  this  enables  the  temperature  sensing  location  to  be  different  than  the  transmitting  location.  this  features  allows  temperature  values  inside  a  metal  axis  to  be  detected,  which  is  critical  to  accurately  monitoring  the  condition  of  the  gearbox.  the  etbv2  is  located  in  the  gearbox  and  passes  through  the  antenna  field  of  the  havis  rfr350  during  each  rotation.  the  antennas  are  located  on  the  nonrotating  parts  of  the  gearbox,  connected  to  the  power  stations  systems.  once  the  transponder  passes  through  the  antenna  field,  it  is  read  and  transmitted  to  the  harting  mica  rfr350  for  processing.  the  flexibility
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  software  allows  the  mica  to  both  read  the  raw  data  and  process  it  locally.  the  mica  also  could  send  a  directive  to  the  gearbox  to  reduce  the  speed  if  temperatures  exceed  a  certain  limit.  furthermore,  the  mica  stores  and  sends  information  to  the  cloud  so  analytics  on  the  individual  gearbox  could  be  processed  to  provide  insight  into  the  overall  health  of  the  application.  the  combination  of  the  harting  mica  rfr350  with  rfid  provides  a  completely  automated  solution  for  ensuring  efficiency  and  preventing  downtime.  a  automobile  manufacturer  needed  to  extend  the  life  of  their  equipment  by  10  years  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring well  as  prevent  unexpected  downtime  and  operate  at  optimal  efficiency.  the  company  needed  to  monitor  the  parameters  of  their  equipment  in  real  time  so  that  if  anything  was  out  of  the  ordinary,  maintenance  could  be  performed  immediately.  the  company  also  needed  to  ensure  that  downtime  would  be  minimized.  this  means  that  they  would  need  to  know  whenever  a  parameter  was  out  of  operating  range  so  that  they  could  fix  it  before  it  caused  a  machine  or  conveyor  breakdown.  the  company  used  a  harting  mica  with  modbus/rtu  interface,  modbox  by  partner  formsmedia  and  a  customized  sensor.  this  solution  monitored  vibration,  temperature
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  current  of  the  electrical  drive  and  conveyor.  if  anything  was  out  of  operating  range,  the  company  would  be  informed  immediately  and  the  issue  resolved  before  any  unexpected  downtime  occurred.  machines,  like  everything  else,  have  a  lifespan  of  useful  function  that  depends  heavily  on  a  variety  of  factors.  the  better  the  machines  are  taken  care  of  and  their  needs  addressed,  the  longer  their  lifespan  and  the  better  they  function  throughout  that  lifespan.  for  people,  there  are  a  variety  of  factors,  such  as  weight  blood  pressure,  that  are  used  to  determine  a  persons  health.  when  one  of  those  factors  is  outside
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  a  normal  range,  changes  are  recommended,  either  in  diet  or  through  prescription,  to  bring  those  conditions  back  to  a  normal  range  to  prolong  a  persons  life  expectancy.  while  the  conditions  are  different,  this  is  the  same  idea  behind  machine  health.  if  a  parameter  on  a  machine  is  operating  outside  an  acceptable  range,  this  is  an  indication  that  the  machine  needs  maintenance  performed  to  bring  that  condition  back  to  normal  range.  for  example,  if  a  machine  is  drawing  substantially  more  power  than  normal  or  than  another  machine  of  the  same  model,  it  is  indicative  that  there  is  something  that  needs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  be  addressed  on  the  machine.  problems  with  machines  may  not  be  visible  or  noticeable  until  the  machine  breaks  down.  this  is  why  special  hardware  and  software  is  needed.  over  time,  monitoring  a  machines  health  and  performing  maintenance  will  increase  operational  efficiency,  reduce  costs  associated  with  downtime  and  extend  the  useful  life  of  a  machine.  how  to  monitor  a  machines  health  to  monitor  a  machine,  various  nondestructive  testing  technologies  ndt  are  used,  such  as  vibration,  light  and  temperature.  this  is  achieved  primarily  through  sensors  that  are  connected  directly  to  a  machine.  the  sensor  data  needs  to  be  connected  to  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring device  that  can  collect  and  collate  the  data  and  software  that  can  visualize  the  data  so  an  operator  can  review  the  conditions.while  there  are  various  ways  to  process  data,  such  as  sending  it  to  the  cloud  or  another  computer  on  a  network,  the  best  way  is  to  process  the  data  right  at  the  device.  this  is  known  as  the  edge,  and  a  computer  operating  here  is  an  edge  computing  device,  also  known  as  an  edge  device.  edge  computing  devices  can  filter  out  important  data  and  send  only  whats  valuable  to  the  cloud.  in  addition,  if  there  is  an  urgent  issue,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  edgecomputing  device  can  address  it  much  quicker  than  if  all  computation  happened  in  the  cloud.  for  example,  if  the  temperature  on  a  machine  reaches  a  critical  high  the  edgecomputing  device  can  shut  it  down  immediately.  how  to  start  monitoring  a  machines  health  a  good  way  to  start  is  with  one  machine  to  prototype  your  solution  and  see  the  benefits  before  making  a  larger  investment.  the  best  place  to  start  is  with  the  harting  mica  ciss  complete  iiot  starter  kit.  this  kit  has  everything  needed  for  a  basic  conditionmonitoring  application,  including  the  harting  mica  industrial  edge  device,  a  bosch  ciss
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sensor  that  monitors  eight  conditions,  and  software.  best  of  all,  you  can  get  up  and  running  monitoring  of  your  machines  health  in  less  than  10  minutes.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  connects  machines,  analytics,  and  people  to  create  powerful  insights  to  drive  smarter,  faster,  and  better  business  decisions.  the  iiot  is  made  up  of  interconnected  machines  and  devices  that  can  monitor,  collect,  exchange,  and  analyze  data.  it  is  transforming  the  industry  and  changing  the  way  the  industry  functions.  by  combining  machinetomachine  communications  with  analytics,  companies  can  reap  the  benefits  of  unparalleled  efficiency,  productivity,  and  performance.  digitalizing  a  factory.  improving
__label__machineconditionmonitoring overall  operational  efficiencies  oee  using  technology.  building  a  predictive  maintenance  system.  all  of  these  are  reasons  that  companies  are  turning  to  industry  4.0.  however,  implementing  a  solution  specific  to  an  existing  factory  can  seem  overwhelming.  as  no  two  applications  are  exactly  the  same,  finding  an  out  of  the  box  solution  that  perfectly  fits  in  your  existing  application  is  unlikely.  having  said  this,  tailoring  existing,  tested  iiot  solutions  for  your  applications  is  easy  with  the  right  partner.  this  is  the  concept  behind  hartings  iiot  solution  packages.  the  industrys  first  iiot  starter  kits  its  easy  to  talk  about  integrating  iiot  industrial  internet
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  things,  but  its  another  thing  entirely  to  do  it.  many  people  dont  know  where  to  start  or  what  iiot  applications  would  benefit  their  operations  the  best.thats  why  harting  developed  these  iiot  starter  kits.  each  kit  has  everything  needed  for  a  basic  application  and  is  ideal  for  those  starting  with  iiot.the  harting  mica  boasts  a  containerbased  open  architecture  so  users  can  easily  customize  to  their  specific  application  well  beyond  what  is  included  in  the  kits.  when  the  decision  is  made  to  integrate  iiot,  there  are  two  possible  strategies.  either  a  company  can  invest  in  completely  new  machinesand  equipment  that  were
__label__machineconditionmonitoring developed  exclusively  for  this  need  or  they  can  upgrade  their  current  machines,  otherwise  known  as  legacy  machinery,  and  equipment  with  devices  that  make  this  type  of  communication  possible.  digital  retrofit  here  means  taking  a  device  that  produces  or  uses  data  of  some  sort  and  connecting  it  to  a  device  that  can  allow  that  data  to  be  a  part  of  a  larger  data  pool.  understanding  the  location  of  assets  as  well  as  stored  and  updated  information  about  the  asset  is  the  core  of  automated  asset  management.  one  of  the  most  reliable  and  widely  used  ways  to  manage  assets  is  via  an
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fluke  condition  monitoring  sensors,  combined  with  software  and  other  hardware  devices,  provide  aroundtheclock  machine  measurements.  data  is  uploaded  to  the  fluke  connect  cloud,  where  teams  can  easily  access  measurements  on  smart  devices,  such  as  mobile  phones,  tablets,  or  pc/mac  computers.  using  the  data,  maintenance  and  reliability  teams  get  a  clearer  picture  of  machine  health.  they  can  take  the  right  corrective  actions  at  the  right  time,  when  a  machines  condition  calls  for  it.  condition  monitoring  sensors  are  an  integral  part  of  predictive  maintenance  strategies,  and  can  help  teams  continue  on  the  path  to  prescriptive  maintenance.  condition  monitoring  strengthens  your  maintenance  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reliability  program  by:  when  internetenabled  devices  are  connected  to  software,  realtime  measurements  are  automatically  aggregated  around  the  clock.  data  is  stored  in  the  cloud  where  it  is  assigned  to  assets  and  organized  for  users  to  review.  teams  can  swiftly  troubleshoot  assets  using  different  condition  monitoring  devices,  such  as  vibration  sensors  or  power  monitors.  compare  measurements  over  time  to  quickly  pinpoint  abnormalities.  connect  your  people  and  assets  with  remote  sensors  and  mobile  access.  measurements  from  wireless  sensors  are  automatically  sent  to  the  cloud  without  human  intervention  or  error.  teams  can  access  data  remotely  from  smart  devices  anywhere  theres  an  internet  connection.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  monitoring  programs  allow  teams  to  move  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance.  aggregating  aroundtheclock  measurements  provides  teams  with  a  clear  picture  of  asset  health  and  performance  without  expending  labor.  a  condition  monitoring  program  can  also:  i  could  verify  the  temps  myself,  online,  so  i  was  able  to  check  in  on  condition  monitoring  sensors  without  having  to  call  i  can  just  look  at  a  phone  to  see  what  those  temperatures  are  running  in  realtime.  that  allows  my  manpower  to  be  better  utilized  saving  on  manpower  is  money,  and  i  think  we  accomplished  that.  maintenance  managers  can  use  condition  monitoring  to  visualize
__label__machineconditionmonitoring health  problems  in  equipment.  head  to  the  fluke.com  blog  to  learn  about  how  to  quickly  add  cm  sensors  to  assets.  get  a  better  grasp  of  condition  monitoring  from  this  expertled  webinar  on  accelix.com.  condition  monitoring  typically  leverages  remote,  wireless  sensor  technologies,  including:  contact  fluke  technical  support.  18884927540  available  mf  6:00  am  5:00  pm  pst  we  want  to  hear  from  you
__label__machineconditionmonitoring august  31st,  2018,  published  in  ,  information  from  hp  enterprise  the  ultrainternet  of  things  iot  has  created  a  surge  of  new  interest  in  machine  condition  monitoring  solutions.  the  confluence  of  better  and  cheaper  sensors,  broader  connectivity,  more  sophisticated  analytics,  less  expensive  storage  and  multicloud  technology  has  opened  up  new  opportunities  for  replacing  ruleofthumb  maintenance.  instead  of  making  broadbased  maintenance  decisions  based  on  historical  data  from  similar  devices,  a  realtime  datadriven  predictive  maintenance  approach  minimises  unplanned  downtime  and  improves  employee  and  factory  efficiency.  the  result  is  that  organisations  can  prevent  unplanned  downtime  by  means  of  finetuned  visibility  into  their  operations.  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connecting  equipment,  organisations  can  capture  massive  volumes  of  data  from  sensors  and  other  connected  devices,  so  they  can  not  only  cut  unplanned  downtime  and  its  associated  costs,  but  also  create  new  operational  efficiencies,  exploit  new  opportunities  in  supply  chain  optimisation,  and  accelerate  their  overall  digital  transformation  strategies.  machine  condition  monitoring  technology  has  been  around  for  decades,  aimed  at  optimising  machine  performance  and  minimising  unplanned  downtime.  since  the  arrival  of  the  iot,  however,  there  has  been  a  groundswell  of  energy  and  growth  around  machine  condition  monitoring.  the  advent  of  the  iot  has  reshaped  and  accelerated  the  machine  condition  monitoring/predictive  maintenance  market
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  four  key  reasons:  role  reversal  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  have  traditionally  relied  at  least  as  much  on  the  human  element  as  on  technology.  in  many  cases,  data  collection  is  supplemented  with  physical  inspections  by  specialists  who  determine  whether  anything  seems  out  of  place  based  on  the  way  things  look,  sound,  smell  or  feel.  the  result  has  been  an  expensive,  timeconsuming  model  that  does  not  scale  well  in  the  digital  age.  in  addition,  transferring  sensing  knowledge  to  other  workers  is  no  small  task;  it  takes  many  years  to  understand  how  these  sights  and  sounds  indicate  equipment  performance  and  also
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  transfer  that  knowledge  to  others.  the  iot  automates  and  adds  intelligence  to  machine  condition  monitoring  and  allows  humans  to  focus  on  highervalue  tasks  related  to  optimising  operations.  new  cost  economics  by  minimising  the  need  for  human  involvement,  expanding  connectivity,  and  simplifying  the  use  of  automation  and  analytics,  the  iot  redefines  the  cost  model  of  machine  condition  monitoring  and  makes  deployment  of  new  solutions  both  financially  practical  and  more  valuable  to  the  business.  at  the  same  time,  pressure  to  reduce  capex  for  iot  deployments  are  real  and  new  capabilities  to  deploy  edge  infrastructure  can  be  absorbed  as  operational  expenses.  upward
__label__machineconditionmonitoring trajectory  the  iot  is  still  in  its  infancy,  with  plenty  of  untapped  potential  remaining  for  machine  condition  monitoring.  while  gartner  has  predicted  that  the  iot  will  include  21billion  interconnected  devices  by  2020,  the  vast  majority  of  those  devices  are  not  connected  to  the  internet  today,  and  only  1  of  iot  data  is  being  used  mostly  for  alarms  or  realtime  control.  the  opportunities  for  iotbased  machine  condition  monitoring  are  likely  to  grow  rapidly  both  for  the  makers  of  the  things  that  dispense  data  and  the  users  of  these  things  that  consume  data.  edge  intelligence  devices  are  becoming  increasingly  intelligent  in  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connected  world,  allowing  organisations  to  gain  new  data  sets  and  make  decisions.  on  this  intelligent  edge,  data  from  connected  devices  and  sensors  can  provide  deep  context  to  analytics  systems.  in  addition,  advances  in  computing  power  and  decreasing  costs  allow  organisations  to  put  more  power  where  devices  live,  to  gain  realtime  insights,  create  digital  twins  or  to  analyse  data  that  often  lacks  a  quality  connection  to  centralised  data  analytics.  fig.  1:traditionally,  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  relied  at  least  as  much  on  the  human  element  as  on  technology.  the  iot  automates  and  adds  intelligence  to  machine  condition  monitoring  and  allows  humans
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  focus  on  highervalue  tasks  related  to  optimising  operations.  new  iotrelated  use  cases  are  emerging  as  billions  of  iot  devices  continue  to  interconnect  and  intercommunicate  and  as  independent  softwaredefined  innovations  are  introduced  for  performing  condition.  examples  are:  expanding  the  use  of  predictive  maintenance  predictive  maintenance  allows  companies  to  detect  potential  trouble,  diagnose  the  issue  and  take  remedial  action  before  performance  degrades  or  downtime  occurs  and  that  has  tremendous  business  value.  it  not  only  cuts  downtime  and  its  associated  costs,  but  also  increases  productivity  per  hour  for  example  by  scheduling  maintenance  and  repairs  to  optimise  work  windows.  it  also  decreases  support
__label__machineconditionmonitoring costs  because  manufacturers  can  provide  service  without  always  having  to  send  trained  technicians  into  the  field.  equally  important,  predictive  maintenance  makes  it  possible  for  companies  to  understand  the  true  condition  of  their  industrial  machines  in  a  much  more  nuanced  way.  you  can  quickly  determine  not  just  whether  a  machine  is  broken  or  requires  service,  but  which  components  are  most  likely  to  fail;  where  and  when  failures  are  likely  to  occur;  how  a  specific  failure  would  impact  production  or  response  time  goals;  what  remedial  actions  could  be  undertaken  proactively  and  how  to  prioritise  those  actions.  today  the  value  of  predictive  maintenance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  steadily  increasing  as  mechanical  systems  become  more  complex  and  incorporate  more  advanced  technology.  by  cutting  failure  rates  even  by  a  small  percentage,  predictive  maintenance  can  deliverhuge  financial  results.  according  to  a  recent  aberdeen  group  study,  predictive  maintenance  is  delivering  significant  results  to  realworld  bestinclass  companies,  including  reducingunplanned  downtime  to  3,5,  improving  overall  equipment  effectiveness  to  89  and  reducing  maintenance  costs  by  13  year  over  year.  extending  the  value  to  smaller  machines  as  the  cost  of  sensors,  storage,  connectivity  to  data  lakes  and  even  analytics  solutions  continues  to  decline,  it  becomes  increasingly  practical  to  apply  machine  condition  monitoring  to  evr
__label__machineconditionmonitoring smaller  machines.  once  reserved  for  only  the  largest  industrial  applications  oil  platforms  with  hundreds  of  thousands  of  sensors,  industrial  pumps  generating  hundreds  of  performance  parameters,  aircraft  engines  and  safetycritical  automotive  systems  iotbased  machine  condition  monitoring  solutions  are  now  financially  practical  for  refrigerators,  air  conditioners,  and  small  appliances.  new  pricing  models  in  the  recent  past,  manufacturers  sold  a  piece  of  equipment  and  the  relationship  with  the  customer  went  dormant  after  the  90day  warranty  or  support  period  was  up.  today,  that  relationship  can  be  extended  for  the  lifetime  of  the  equipment  and,  as  a  result,  manufacturers  are  realising  that  they  can  now
__label__machineconditionmonitoring move  to  different  pricing  models.  for  example,  rather  than  charging  an  upfront  fee  for  a  machine,  you  can  now  charge  per  use  or  for  activation.  this  presents  new  opportunities  for  manufacturers  to  increasetheir  revenue  and  strengthen  their  relationships  with  customers  at  the  same  time.  opportunities  for  nontraditional  market  players  the  new  breed  of  iotinfused  machine  condition  monitoring  solutions  doesnt  only  benefit  traditional  machine  makers  and  equipment  owners  they  can  also  create  new  sources  of  value  for  nontraditional  players.  for  example,  insurance  companies  are  very  interested  in  these  solutions  because  the  more  control  a  manufacturer  has  over  the  quality  of  its
__label__machineconditionmonitoring product  and  the  greater  its  ability  to  track  everything  pertaining  to  the  performance  of  the  machine  itself,  the  less  liability  it  is  exposed  to.  that  makes  it  more  financially  attractive  to  underwrite  the  manufacturers  product.  accelerating  digital  transformation  most  enterprises  today  are  engaged  in  digital  transformation  aimed  at  exploiting  the  enormous  new  opportunities  of  digital  business.  however,  many  of  these  initiatives  stall  or  are  delayed  because  costs  exceed  projections  and  funding  dries  up.  in  fact,  64  of  business  leaders  say  their  transformation  initiative  is  behind  schedule.  iotbasedmachine  condition  monitoring  solutions  have  the  potential  to  free  up  budget  by  improving  productivity
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  operational  efficiency.  as  an  equipment  manufacturer,  you  may  also  choose  to  develop  services  to  monitor  and  maintain  your  products  at  customer  sites.  strengthening  security  strong  defence  against  todays  cyber  security  threats  is  a  critical  requirement  for  all  iot  deployments,  particularly  when  it  comes  to  operational  technologies  where  the  data  is  rich  with  insights  about  core  processes  and  machine  performance,  with  the  potential  to  control  equipment.  most  new  it  deployments  consider  security  a  given  as  most  productshave  security  integrated.  iot  deployments  will  need  to  account  for  devices  that  may  be  decades  old  and  must  consider  the  security  of  these  old
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machines  and  the  connection  they  use  to  transmit  the  data,  as  well  as  the  access  to  storage  by  other  applications  and  stakeholders,  at  the  outset.  the  advent  of  new  security  technology  can  increase  both  iotvisibility  and  security  of  the  iot  solution  components.  the  net  result  is  the  ability  to  deploy  advanced  machine  condition  monitoring  solutions  with  peace  of  mind  and  actually  improve  the  overall  security  posture  of  operations.  fig.  2:a  realtime  datadriven  predictive  maintenance  approach  minimises  unplanned  downtime  and  improves  employee  and  factory  efficiency.  the  move  to  iotbased  machine  condition  monitoring  can  be  complex,  involving  a  wide  range  of  considerations
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  undertakings  from  redesigning  business  processes  to  reskilling  employees  and  investing  in  new  tools  and  technologies.  here  are  a  few  guidelines  for  getting  started:  as  the  opportunities  for  harnessing  the  iot  for  machine  condition  monitoring  emerge  and  evolve,  the  possibilities  should  be  explored  and  maximum  advantage  should  be  taken  of  them.  hpe  offers  a  unique  combination  of  experience,  expertise  and  exposure  in  all  verticals.  contactmarco  vieira,  hp  enterprise,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  and  industry  4.0  are  already  unleashing  enormous  value  in  plants  around  the  world.  it  seems  that  todays  younger,  digital  workforce  is  the  energy  that  propels  this  change.  past  efforts  had  been  sluggish  to  say  the  least.  modern  consumer  products  have  put  connected  devices  in  our  pocket,  on  our  wrist,  in  our  ears,  in  our  car  and  throughout  our  home.  iot  is  projected  to  deliver  between  1.9  and  4.7  trillion  of  economic  value  by  2025.  the  iiot  for  asset  monitoring  is  expected  to  produce  200500  billion  in  economic  value  by  2025.  conditionbased  maintenance  cbm,  involving
__label__machineconditionmonitoring realtime  sensing  and  predictive  maintenance,  is  viewed  as  the  easy  win  among  all  iiot  applications.  many  new  online  sensors  are  being  introduced  each  year  see  figure  1.  the  plethora  of  new  sensors  in  the  condition  monitoring  space  is  impressive.  this  emerging  trend  is  bound  to  change  the  field  of  condition  monitoring  forever.  condition  monitoring  describes  the  data  collection  function  needed  to  sustain  machine  reliability.  intelligent  machines  and  smart  factories  require  the  ability  to  respond  and  make  agile  course  corrections  to  this  data.  data  analytics  is  the  buzz  term  related  to  converting  data  into  smart,  actionable  information.  when  used  to  foretell
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  future  event,  it  often  is  referred  to  as  predictive  analytics.  either  way,  it  takes  condition  monitoring  one  step  further  a  very  important  step.  this  could  be  called  condition  analysis.  however,  were  not  done,  as  we  need  the  response  piece.  this  is  the  function  of  doing  something  actionable  realtime  course  corrections  with  this  information.  this  is  called  condition  response.  but  were  still  not  done.  we  now  need  to  return  to  condition  monitoring  to  confirm  that  we  have  positive  feedback  to  these  actions.  did  the  course  correction  really  work  to  remedy  a  problem  or  improve  overall  machine  performance?  perhaps  another  course
__label__machineconditionmonitoring correction  must  be  tested?  the  iiot  is  a  critical  enabler  that  some  say  is  long  overdue.  it  implants  sensors  that  are  tuned  in  to  the  realtime  dynamics  of  our  machines.  after  all,  the  failure  development  period  pf  interval  can  vary  from  milliseconds  to  years.  the  iiot  provides  the  continuous  vigilance  to  the  onset  of  anything  that  is  changing  and  might  compromise  reliability  and  sustainability  of  our  machines  and  processes.  figure  2  shows  a  simple  illustration  of  the  circular  condition  control  process.  its  time  to  morph  condition  monitoring  into  condition  control.  condition  monitoring  is  only  the  data  aquisition  stage  of  condition
__label__machineconditionmonitoring control  sustained  reliability.  condition  analysis  converts  this  data  into  meaningful  information  about  the  state  of  the  machine.  condition  response  puts  this  information  to  work  by  converting  it  into  actionable  course  corrections,  executed  either  by  humans  or  autonomously  by  the  machine.  when  human  intelligence  is  augmented  by  artificial  intelligence,  the  optimum  result  can  be  achieved.  today,  more  and  more  machines  are  fitted  with  onboard  edge  computing  or  distributed  intelligence.  data  is  still  fed  to  the  cloud  or  a  centralized  location,  but  decisions  can  be  made  locally.  theres  also  artificial  intelligence  ai,  which  involves  computers  powered  by  sophisticated,  selflearning  software  using  algorithms
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  mimic  human  intelligence.  ai  is  more  common  in  consumer  products  but  is  still  in  its  infancy  in  industrial  product  applications,  especially  condition  monitoring.  the  intelligent  controllercontroller  interface  icci  system  shares  plc  functions/sensing  with  machine  condition  functions/sensing.  this  chart  shows  how  the  iiot  provides  connectivity  for  both  machine  and  human  executive  condition  control  responses.  more  practical  and  effective  is  augmented  intelligence.  with  augmented  intelligence,  the  humans  supercomputer  brain  teams  with  manmade  computers  to  collect  and  convert  data  to  actionable  information.  for  instance,  visual  operator  inspection  data  that  is  scanned  or  keyed  into  a  handheld  device  can  be  augmented  by  pairing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  with  data  generated  from  online  condition  monitoring  sensors.  see  figure  3  for  a  simple  visual  on  augmented  intelligence.  in  real  time,  this  data  can  dictate  machine  control  and  movement  to  optimize  and  sustain  machine  health  and  operating  conditions.  these  are  like  guidance  systems  that  respond  to  current  conditions,  providing  adaptive  control  in  response  to  instant  changes.  the  state  of  the  machine  is  constantly  monitored  and  recalibrated.  realtime  sensing  can  be  shared  between  the  system  controller  like  a  plc  and  the  condition  monitoring  controller.  this  provides  a  functional  interface  enabled  by  an  iiot  platform  for  mutual  benefit  related  to  machine
__label__machineconditionmonitoring performance  and  reliability.  machines  with  autonomous  control  features  current  or  potential  might  include  ,  compressors,  paper  machines,  turbines  and  many  sophisticated  process  machine  trains.  the  concept  of  coupling  condition  control  with  system  control  is  illustrated  in  figure  4.  of  course,  not  everything  must  be  done  in  real  time.  because  of  the  complexity  of  some  machines  and  the  technology  limitations  of  many  condition  and  operational  control  functions,  both  human  and  machine  responses  are  needed.  the  iiot  and  online  sensors  can  supply  the  data,  while  data  analytics  can  translate  the  data  into  prescriptive  responses.  however,  the  manner  and  time  element  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring corrective  responses  may  vary.  this  hybrid  model  probably  makes  the  most  sense,  as  it  is  the  easiest  to  deploy.  but  this  is  a  dynamic  field  that  will  continue  to  evolve  as  technologies  advance  and  machines  become  smarter  and  more  agile.  examples  of  how  humans  and  machines  can  work  together  are  shown  in  figure  5.  the  expanded  condition  control  model  shows  the  iiot  as  the  primary  source  of  data.  oil  is  like  a  flight  data  recorder.  it  is  exposed  to  the  intimate  innerworkings  of  the  machine,  seeing  both  the  good  and  bad.  its  the  common  medium  that  records  data  from  these
__label__machineconditionmonitoring exposures  which  might  reveal  health  or  aberrant  conditions  that  can  induce  future  failure.  decades  of  research  in  and  millions  of  oil  analysis  samples  have  taught  us  that  theres  gold  in  our  oil.  the  data  that  can  prescribe  needed  actions  is  this  gold.  it  is  detectable  and  quantifiable.  the  means  of  data  acquisition  should  not  only  be  limited  but  also  multimodal.  it  can  be  extracted  from  samples  and  analyzed  in  the  laboratory,  monitored  in  real  time  with  online  sensors,  interrogated  using  portable  data  collectors,  or  examined  by  skillful  and  investigative  inspectors.  other  nonlubricantrelated  tests  and  inspections  at  the  machine  help  complete
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  picture  and  establish  greater  confidence  in  whats  happening  now  or  not  happening.  the  iiot  does  not  and  cannot  make  all  other  forms  of  condition  monitoring  obsolete,  but  it  is  a  powerful  enabler.  data  and  information  can  reach  the  internet  in  a  variety  of  different  ways  that  dont  involve  imbedded  sensors.  this  data  can  pass  through  modems  or  industrial  gateways  for  analysis  and  storage.  as  mentioned  previously,  the  response  to  this  data  can  be  autonomous  i.e.,  machine  executed  and  human  executed.  see  figure  6.  the  foundational  pieces  of  iiotenabled  condition  monitoring  have  been  advancing  rapidly  for  years.  recently,  enough  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  pieces  have  fallen  into  place  that  working  systems  are  beginning  to  show  solid  results.  many  companies  are  waiting  as  others  are  taking  the  lead.  the  full  potential  of  iiotenabled  condition  control  will  evolve  over  the  ensuing  decades.  while  it  is  in  its  infancy  when  viewed  in  contrast  to  this  full  potential,  some  readers  are  young  enough  to  see  this  potential  transition  to  reality.  promising  careers  will  exploit  this  potential,  as  will  new  and  emerging  companies.  the  field  of  machine  reliability  has  an  exciting,  technologyrich  future.  it  should  be  a  great  ride.  agility  is  fundamentally  important.  the  ground  is  always
__label__machineconditionmonitoring shifting  figuratively,  and  the  machine  must  be  agile  and  shift  in  response.  its  like  climate  control.  when  its  hot  outside,  the  air  conditioner  responds.  when  its  cold  outside,  the  heater  responds.  sustained  machine  reliability  depends  on  agile  responses  to  operating  conditions  and  exposures  to  all  things  that  present  risk  and  impair  reliability.  each  machine  is  unique  from  the  standpoint  of  what  might  be  changing  and  how  agility  human  or  machine  induced  must  respond.  below  are  some  basic  examples:  about  the  author  jim  fitch,  a  founder  and  ceo  of  ,  has  a  wealth  of  experience  in  lubrication,  oil  analysis,  and  machinery
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  data  is  securely  streamed  from  equipment  sensors  to  a  central  repository  usingindustrial  data  protocolsand  gateways.  are  applied  to  anticipate  and  predict  failures  before  they  arise.  implementing  predictive  maintenance  typically  starts  with  rulebased  alerts  until  sufficient  data  is  collected,  at  which  time  machinelearning  algorithms  can  be  applied  to  identify  complex  behavior  patterns  and  anomalies.  minimize  quality  control  rejects  by  anticipating  and  preventing  quality  issues.  production  line  quality  teams  get  realtime  alerts  into  upcoming  quality  issues  and  their  root  causes  to  minimize  quality  issues  at  their  source.  identify  causes  for  production  waste  and  prescribe  focused  actions  that  minimize  rework  and  scrap.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring predictive  analytics  and  automated  root  cause  analysis  are  employed  to  anticipate  process  failures  that  yield  wastage.  predictive  simulation  is  used  to  test  production  parameters  to  avoid  the  process  failures  while  ensuring  optimized  throughput.  compare  design  to  actual  performance  with  a  that  accurately  tracks  products,  processes,  and  systems  in  real  time.  in  this  iot  use  case,  engineering  teams  accurately  test  optimization  ideas  by  adjusting  parameters  in  the  twin,  without  risking  harm  to  production.  leverage  runtime  and  usage  data  collected  by  the  twin  by  feeding  it  into  the  development  and  manufacturing  process,  increasing  uptime  and  production  throughput.  maximize  production  throughput  by  leveraging
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  learning  to  predict  and  prevent  process  disturbances  such  as  extreme  pressures,  leakages,  blockages,  asset  cleaning,  and  more.  anticipate  when  process  disturbances  will  happen,  know  why  they  will  happen,  and  determine  how  to  avoid  them.  factories  and  machinery  oems  get  deep  visibility  into  their  equipment  health  and  actionable  insights  to  maximize  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  reduce  maintenance  costs,  and  cut  downtime.  seebo  includes  data  acquisition,  data  analytics,  dashboards,  and  alerts  delivering  business  outcomes  with  unmatched  speedtomarket  and  predictable  roi.  determine  optimum  production  parameters  that  will  avoid  process  disturbances  after  understanding  the  primary  causes  from  root  cause  analysis.  empower  rapid,  iterative,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  collaborative  prototyping  to  deliver  product  concepts  for  market  validation  at  the  lowest  cost  and  risks.  leverage  digital  prototyping  ahead  of  physical  prototyping  to  simulate  product  concepts,  gain  internal  buyin,  and  minimize  discarded  physical  prototypes.  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  past,  helped  to  minimize  machine  downtime  and  avoid  unscheduled  outages.  the  advent  of  industry  4.0  this  method  involves  continuous  monitoring  of  machine  data  to  detect  wear,  making  it  easier  to  schedule  repairs  and  thus  reduce  downtime.  there  is  also  potential  to  lower  maintenance  costs  as  only  wornout  parts  need  replacing.  getting  operational  data  from  a  laser  during  the  welding  process  is  difficult.  this  is  especially  the  case  when  the  data  appears  only  on  the  humanmachine  interface  hmi.  whats  more,  the  hmi  is  not  easily  accessible  if  located  on  or  between  the  lines.  this  can  cause  disruptions  in  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring highly  automated  and  connected  laser  line.  in  the  event  of  unscheduled  downtimes,  the  whole  line  may  break  down.  to  solve  this  problem,  we  decided  to  gather  and  process  machine  notifications  centrally  along  with  the  operating  times  of  different  modules.  this  includes  the  temperature  of  the  water  used  to  cool  to  the  laser  diode.  we  then  introduced  a  ticket  system  to  assign  specific  tasks  to  the  machine  operators.  in  addition,  we  implemented  an  automatic  escalation  system,  where  the  response  depends  on  the  severity  the  issue.  we  also  implemented  condition  monitoring  in  a  drilling  laser  line  dll  on  the  shopfloor.  this  highly
__label__machineconditionmonitoring automated  and  interconnected  line  comprises  a  materials  handling  process,  a  laser  process,  a  flow  test,  and  a  test  station.  the  dll  itself,  along  with  external  metering  equipment,  normally  records  a  lot  of  measurement  data  values.  the  dll  is  serviced  either  according  to  a  schedule  or  when  it  exceeds  control  or  tolerance  limits.  to  evaluate  the  amount  of  soiling,  we  started  to  display  all  data  centrally.  we  then  evaluated  the  data  to  detect  if  there  was  a  need  for  early  servicing.  insurance  providers  demand  that  plant  operators  regularly  check  the  status  of  electrical  boxes  to  prevent  fires.  these  checks  are  often
__label__machineconditionmonitoring conducted  manually  a  lowvalue  and  timeconsuming  job.  using  a  simple  sensor,  we  were  able  to  read  the  thermal  data  from  the  electrical  box.  we  then  visualized  this  data  and  set  up  a  basic  alert  and  ticket  system  in  the  event  of  deviations.  spindles  are  used  in  various  ways  to  process  materials  in  production.  however,  obtaining  data  from  this  component  can  be  challenging  especially  when  the  machine  is  older.  the  result  is  that  maintenance  often  follows  preset  cycles.  with  the  help  of  our  project  partner,  we  read  and  visualized  the  spindle  tension  and  speed  using  an  opc  da  connector.  we  then
__label__machineconditionmonitoring evaluated  the  data,  which  allowed  us  to  send  push  notifications  to  employees  when  deviations  occurred.  how  can  the  production  performance  management  protocol  boost  your  production?  aside  from  condition  monitoring,  there  are  many  use  cases  for  software  in  connected  manufacturing.  predicting  when  maintenance  is  needed  can  increase  your  efficiency.  informative  post
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  and  read  april  15,  2019  0  several  weeks  ago,  i  wrote  a  blog  in  which  i  discussed  the  youll  recall  that  we  left  off  introducing  the  next  evolution  of  maintenance:  condition  monitoring  4.0.  the  most  current  advancements  in  predictive  maintenance  require  automation  of  the  analysis  process  using  ai  models.  this  is  a  practice  known  as  .in  this  post,  i  will  highlight  the  value  of  apm  using  an  example  from  an  industrial  manufacturing  plant.  new  and  rich  data  streams  from  ultrasonic  sensors,  edge  processing,  and  cloud  connectivity  are  enabling  these  ai  models.  we  can  detect  preexisting  conditions  without  the  time,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cost  and  frustration  of  baselining.  established  ai  models  allow  90  percent  or  more  of  industrial  assets  to  have  alerts  accurately  established  upon  initial  deployment.  these  models  can  amass  leading  indicators  with  sensors  and  connectivity.  they  can  also  automatically  detect  patterns  among  various  weak  indicators.  the  final  step  to  realize  success  in  any  predictive  maintenance  program  is  to  translate  the  alert  or  condition  to  a  very  specific  or  prescriptive  maintenance  task.  for  this  application,  a  second  ai  model  deploys  to  translates  the  alert  and  severity  to  a  prioritized  maintenance  task.  this  is  then  emailed  or  integrated  with  an  existing  computerized  maintenance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring management  systems  cmms,  such  as  ,  for  planning,  scheduling  and  managing  maintenance  work  orders.  this  ai  model  relies  on  metadata  about  the  asset  type  and  context  of  its  service  criticality  to  establish  the  work  order.  it  reminds  me  of  the  catch  phrase  is  its  not  rocket  science,  were  just  automating  the  mundane  tasks.  this  frees  your  people  for  higher  level  thinking.  focus  on  the  right  work  or  assets  and  do  fewer  things  but  at  a  higher  standard  by  examining  criticality  and  workflow  processes.  figure  1.  generate  work  order  and  task  based  on  alert  the  deployment  of  ultrasonic/vibration  sensors  on  industrial
__label__machineconditionmonitoring equipment  yields  powerful  results.  in  july  2018,  they  were  used  to  monitor  a  rooftop  makeup  air  on  the  top  of  a  midwest  industrial  manufacturing  plant.  the  sensors  were  batterypowered  and  easily  connected  to  the  bearings  using  a  tworail  magnetic  mount.  with  existing  cellular,  cloud  and  smartphone  infrastructure,  the  hardware  and  system  were  all  in  place.  using  alert  thresholds  that  were  preset  using  a  proven  ai  model,  the  alert  system  was  in  place.  the  last  step  was  clear.  concise  instruction  on  what  to  do  when  an  alert  is  generated.  for  this  a  second  ai  engine  delivers  specific  and  customized  instructions  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring each  alert  and  each  severity  level  of  the  alerts.  this  model  translates  the  alert  to  a  prescriptive  maintenance  task  with  an  understanding  of  severity  and  prioritization  see  figure  1.  figure  2.  manual  inspection  reveals  problems  since  there  is  a  connection  from  the  magnet  to  the  bearing  of  the  machine,  we  can  issue  a  minor  alert.  the  system  sends  an  email  to  address  the  work  order.  a  technician  inspects  the  bearing  within  one  day.  this  leads  to  identification  of  a  1/4  gap  between  the  shaft  and  the  inner  bearing  race  see  figure  2.  the  bearing  had  been  slipping  on  the  shaft
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  had  worn  of  the  diameter  off  the  shaft.  they  schedule  a  repair  for  60  days  out.  because  of  the  quick  action,  the  overall  vibration  levels  remained  normal.  the  plan  included  a  nonoem  repair  selecting  to  use  a  split  bearing  and  moving  the  bearing  location  to  an  undamaged  location  of  the  shaft.  this  completed  the  full  value  chain  of  predictive  maintenance  from  monitoring  to  alert  to  prescriptive  task  and  ultimately  a  planned  and  schedule  repair  that  avoided  any  collateral  damage,  loss  of  production  and  reactive  maintenance.  we  will  be  attending  the  in  orlando  to  learn  about  new  developments  in  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  to  meet  other  professionals  who  are  interested  in  .  i  hope  you  will  join  me  and  many  other  experts.  it  would  be  a  pleasure  to  hear  your  perspective  on  this  topic.  if  your  organization  is  looking  to  understand  how  to  take  steps  to  further  their  apm  journey,  also,  be  sure  to  watch  for  our  interview  on  quick  bytes  live  at  iot  exchange.  you  may  also  enjoy  our  previous  .  for  more  information,  visit  connect  with  at  dyarmolukatekcompanies.com  follow  dan  on  and  .  connect  with  at  also,  follow  craig  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ,  ,  before  the  advent  of  industry  4.0,  regularly  scheduled  preventive  maintenance  was  the  primary  method  used  to  mitigate  downtime  and  ensure  reasonably  smooth  equipment  operation.  since  preventive  maintenance  is  based  on  regular  cycles,  however,  it  has  been  an  inexact  and  costly  practice.  for  preventative  maintenance,  workers  must  be  continually  trained  to  understand  machine  breakdowns  and  maintain  their  skills.  determining  the  proper  maintenance  schedule  can  be  difficult,  sometimes  leading  to  overmaintenance  of  machines  that  could,  ironically,  increase  the  amount  of  unnecessary  downtime.  according  to  an  survey,  98  of  enterprises  report  losing  at  least  100,000  per  hour  of  downtime,  with  33
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  those  surveyed  claiming  to  lose  from  1  million  to  5  million  per  hour.  therefore,  any  maintenance  performed  on  machines  must  be  geared  toward  downtime  reduction.  as  the  technology  becomes  more  commonplace,  facilities  have  utilized  iot  to  implement  efficient  predictive  maintenance  practices.  machineintegrated  sensors  tasked  with  collecting  data  sets  and  sending  them  through  secure  pathways  to  cloudbased  management  platforms  provide  a  more  holistic  picture  of  machine  health.  operators  can  apply  the  gathered  usage  information  to  predict  and  implement  effective  servicing  cycles,  greatly  reducing  overall  machine  downtime.  the  impact  of  predictive  maintenance  already  has  proved  significant  in  streamlining  operations  and  reducing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring costly  downtime  states.  according  to  a  report  from  ,  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  could  potentially  save  manufacturers  200  billion  to  600  billion  by  2025.  however,  predictive  maintenance  is  not  the  end  of  the  road  for  increasing  efficiency  through  iot.  developers  have  continued  to  push  predictive  maintenance  analytics  further  with  constant  analysis  of  equipment,  allowing  operators  to  accurately  project  when  the  next  service  will  be  required  and  signaling  alerts  accordingly.  these  iot  predictive  maintenance  tactics  fall  under  the  umbrella  of  condition  monitoring  cm,  which  is  the  process  of  observing  machinery  condition  parameters  in  order  to  identify  changes  that  are  indicative  of  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring developing  fault.  effective  cm  addresses  conditions  that  would  shorten  normal  machine  lifespan  before  they  develop  into  a  major  failure.  as  a  result,  cm  is  a  major  tool  in  reducing  downtime  and  ensuring  effective  maintenance  through  iot.  since  the  problems  that  cause  machine  downtime  take  many  forms,  the  types  of  iotenabled  condition  monitoring  vary  widely  between  machines  and  should  be  customized  from  application  to  application.  industrial  machinery  equipment  failure  causes  42  of  annual  unplanned  downtime,  according  to  a  report  from  the  ,  and  effective  iotenabled  condition  monitoring  can  do  much  to  reduce  machine  breakdown.  iot  sensors  either  incorporated  into  machine  design
__label__machineconditionmonitoring or  retrofitted  on  legacy  equipment  can  provide  operators  with  a  wide  range  of  performance  metrics,  including  pressure,  vibration,  temperature,  voltage,  and  battery  charge.  cm  technologies,  such  as  lubricant  analysis,  ultrasound  material  thickness  testing,  motor  current  signature  analysis  mcsa,  and  infrared  thermography,  can  transmit  data  to  a  management  platform  that  can  analyze  the  data  and  predict  damage  that  will  lead  to  failure.  with  data  in  hand,  factory  operators  then  can  schedule  preventative  maintenance  before  potential  damages  become  critical.  automotive  downtime  is  a  universal  challenge  faced  by  companies  that  utilize  fleets.  according  to  ,  every  hour  of  automobile  downtime  results  in  an
__label__machineconditionmonitoring average  loss  of  79.32  per  hour,  per  driver,  without  factoring  in  the  expenses  incurred  by  rolling  trucks  and  making  repairs.  to  reduce  this  downtime  and  more  effectively  utilize  maintenance  resources,  fleet  managers  have  turned  to  cm  iot  systems  to  monitor  vehicle  health.  factors  like  engine  temperature,  vehicle  vibration,  and  fuel  consumption  can  be  measured  to  detect  potential  faults  before  they  happen.  when  any  condition  moves  beyond  its  standard  operating  threshold,  the  sensors  can  trigger  alerts  and  divert  the  vehicle  to  a  service  center.  cm  iot  systems  also  can  build  a  profile  of  each  fleet  driver  to  monitor  their  impact  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  vehicles  condition,  which  is  useful  for  managing  driver  risk  and  pinpointing  any  operator  weakness.  aeris  iot  services  stands  at  the  forefront  of  iot  connectivity,  helping  our  clients  achieve  their  predictive  maintenance  goals  with  robust  technology  that  is  managed  from  the  userfriendly  .  as  condition  monitoring  technology  becomes  an  integral  part  of  industry  4.0,  aeris  clients  have  ample  iot  resources  at  their  disposal  to  streamline  maintenance  practices  and  predict  failures  before  they  happen.  whatever  the  application,  the  process  of  preventive  maintenance  is  greatly  improved  through  iotenabled  predictive  analytics  and  condition  monitoring  powered  by  aeris.  to  learn  more  about  how  your
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  monitoring  is  a  technique  for  tracking  a  machines  health  and  performance  over  time.  with  condition  monitoring,  manufacturers  measure  parameters  like  temperature,  current,  vibration,  and  rpm  against  set  thresholds  in  order  to  pinpoint  signs  of  degradation.  condition  monitoring  is  an  important  tool  in  the  continuous  improvement  toolkit,  and  there  are  many  benefits  to  tracking  machine  condition  in  real  time.  you  can  avoid  unscheduled  downtime,  tailor  preventative  maintenance  schedules  to  the  demands  of  usage  in  your  operations,  and  collect  the  data  necessary  for  diagnostic  and  predictive  maintenance.  in  short,  condition  monitoring  is  in  your  facilities.  part  of  the  reason  condition  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  such  an  effective  technique  is  because  it  can  be  applied  to  a  wide  variety  of  scenarios.  what  you  measure  depends  on  the  assets  in  your  factories,  and  the  kinds  of  data  that  will  prove  most  useful  to  your  operations.  many  manufacturers  measure  the  moving  through  their  transformers  to  understand  how  efficiently  their  assets  consume  energy.  track  and  visualize  parameters  of  machine  condition  in  real  time  others  measure  oil  temperature  to  track  whether  a  machine  is  cooling  effectively,  or  track  external  surface  temperature  to  see  if  heat  is  dissipating  as  expected.  manufacturers  who  rely  on  motors  may  also  and  arent
__label__machineconditionmonitoring contributing  to  the  premature  degradation  of  of  other  parts.  this  is  a  partial  list,  and  what  you  measure  depends  on  the  questions  you  want  to  answer.  its  easy  to  get  started  with  a  machine  condition  monitoring  program.  most  conditions  can  be  easily  measured  by  affordable  sensors.  these  are  often  mounted  directly  onto  an  asset,  and  connected  with  a  manufacturers  data  collection  infrastructure  to  track  important  condition  parameters.  the  advent  of  the  has  made  it  possible  to  monitor  machine  condition  without  being  physically  present  during  uptime.  with  iot,  sensors  communicate  the  data  they  record  to  designated  storage  spaces.  if  a  parameter
__label__machineconditionmonitoring exceeds  a  certain  threshold,  the  system  can  send  an  alert  to  the  relevant  specialist.  further,  analytics  dashboards  can  display  this  data  in  realtime,  allowing  engineers  and  operators  to  visualize  previously  invisible  aspects  of  condition  on  the  shop  floor.  the  real  value  of  a  machine  monitoring  program  comes  when  you  can  track  many  conditions  simultaneously.  this  data  lets  you  ,  and  prevents  unnecessary  failures  by  providing  a  complete  view  of  asset  health  over  time.  not  only  can  you  plan  maintenance  schedules  in  response  to  designated  health  and  performance  thresholds.  you  can  also  revise  those  thresholds  based  on  a  machines  usage  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring your  operations.  perhaps  you  work  in  a  hot,  humid  facility.  machines  may  degrade  faster,  and  require  more  frequent  maintenance.  maybe  your  machines  dont  need  maintenance  as  frequently  as  prescribed.  with  condition  monitoring,  you  can  tailor  your  schedules  to  real  performance,  maximizing  uptime  and  avoiding  unnecessary  expenditures  the  classic  example  here  is  changing  a  cars  oil  every  3,000  miles  vs.  when  it  needs  to  be  changed.  a  goal  many  manufacturers  aspire  to  during  industry  4.0is  impossible  without  granular,  wellstructured  historical  data.  condition  monitoring  is  an  essential  place  to  start  for  manufacturers  interested  in  using  predictive  algorithms  to  optimize  their  training  schedules.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring without  adequate  datadata  that  gives  a  complete  enough  picture  for  machine  learning  and  ai  to  infer  the  causality  of  problemsthe  most  sophisticated  ai  in  the  world  wont  be  able  to  help.  the  important  thing  is  to  start  soon,  and  to  create  a  solid  infrastructure  that  will  allow  you  to  capture  the  most  complete  machine  data  possible.  curious  how  you  can  get  started  with  condition  monitoring  in  your  operations?  get  in  touch  and  a  tulip  expert  can  show  you  how  to  get  the  most  out  of  your  machine  monitoring.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring no  products  in  the  cart.  the  term  condition  monitoring  is  selfexplanatory  and  it  basically  means  to  monitor  an  assets  condition.  cm  is  seen  as  the  foundation  of  what  is  known  as  industry  4.0.  an  integral  function  of  cm  within  the  iiot  ecosystem  is  to  provide  data  that  can  ultimately  be  used  for  various  smart  factory  applications,  including  digital  twins  and  predictive  maintenance  pdm.  a  momentary  snapshot  of  a  components  health  is  taken  when  a  technician  does  a  routine  visual  check  of  any  component  in  a  plant.  this  is  normally  prescheduled  and  does  not  take  into  consideration  previous  inspections  or  historical
__label__machineconditionmonitoring performance  data.  this  kind  of  inspection  is  called  a  condition  assessment.  condition  monitoring  takes  a  much  wider  set  of  granular  data  into  account.  this  includes  historical  trends,  condition  and  location  of  the  plant,  other  components  of  the  same  type,  previous  inspections  and  sensor  data  from  the  asset.  the  analysis  done  not  only  determines  the  components  present  status  but  also  forecasts  future  problems  and  when  they  are  likely  to  happen,  including  when  the  part  needs  to  be  replaced.  condition  monitoring  has  several  benefits  for  a  business,  including  the  advantages  of  reducing  resources  and  costs.  the  major  benefits  of  condition  monitoring  are:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring new  productivity  levels  can  be  reached  by  using  extensive  and  accurate  readings  from  production  machine  sensors,  combined  with  visibility  into  production  inefficiencies  by  using  data  analytics  algorithms.  this  is  particularly  true  where  condition  monitoring  is  used  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  repairs  are  performed  before  critical  damage  occurs  and  labor  and  travel  costs  are  cut  as  maintenance  is  done  proactively  and  timely.  a  reduction  in  service  time,  and  improved  customer  satisfaction  are  also  direct  benefits  of  condition  monitoring.  data  collected  on  asset  behavior  over  time  can  be  analyzed  by  engineers  and  help  them  identify  design  flaws  in  a  product
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  can  then  be  corrected  in  later  product  versions.  rather  than  running  out  of  spares,  thereby  increasing  downtime,  or  overstocking  on  expensive  spare  parts  and  impacting  margins,  condition  monitoring  allows  for  accurate  forecasting  of  spare  part  demand.  detailed  monitored  of  the  health  of  machines  and  all  of  their  components  is  done.  things  like  wearandtear,  overheating,  and  other  threats  to  a  machines  health  are  resolved  in  a  timely  fashion,  thereby  lengthening  the  lifespan  of  a  machine.  different  manufacturer  implement  condition  monitoring  differently.  this  is  due  to  every  asset  or  product  having  its  own  unique  normal  behavioral  pattern  which  should  be  monitored
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  analyzed.  some  commonly  used  condition  monitoring  techniques  include:  one  example  would  be  running  a  specified  voltage  through  a  motor,  after  which  the  current  is  measured.  this  data  is  then  compared  to  that  of  a  mathematical  model  that  has  as  an  input  the  realtime  accurate  data  from  the  same  motor.  the  two  current  values  are  compared  after  having  been  summed.  if  there  are  no  deviations  present,  the  motor  would  be  seen  as  healthy.  if  there  are  however  discrepancies,  an  analysis  is  done  to  determine  what  the  problem  is.  once  a  problem  has  been  identified,  it  can  be  classified  and  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring relevant  solution  deployed.  this  example  clarifies  the  durability  of  condition  monitoring.  it  is  logical  to  constantly  monitor  and  record  the  status  of  the  motor,  rather  than  periodically  perform  a  diagnostics  check.  this  allows  for  historical  trends  to  be  captured  automatically,  revealing  how  operational,  electrical  and  mechanical  problems  and  their  parameters  change  with  time.  with  sensors  recording  various  parameters  of  machines  as  theyre  working,  it  would  be  handy  to  use  a  software  application  to  collect  the  information  and  communicate  the  actions  required.  the  implementation  of  condition  monitoring  software  is  showing  rapid  growth  as  manufacturers  design  efficient  and  easy  ways  to  interpret
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  collected  by  cm  systems,  and  then  action  it  timeously.  one  example  of  this  type  of  software  is  the  seebo  remote  condition  monitoring  solution.  not  only  does  it  consolidate  the  cm  data,  but  it  also  supports  the  planning  and  implementation  of  a  complete  cm  solution  from  the  ground  up.  condition  monitoring  software  answers  many  questions,  including  where  the  sensors  should  be  placed,  what  they  would  measure,  how  they  should  be  calibrated,  and  what  alerts  should  be  sent  out.  this  allows  stakeholders  to  get  involved  in  the  design  of  their  system  at  any  stage.  once  a  remote  cm  solution  has  been
__label__machineconditionmonitoring deployed,  the  software  starts  acting  as  a  hub,  collecting  all  the  data  coming  in  from  the  sensors  and  storing  it  in  a  central  repository.  this  allows  for  corrective  action  to  be  driven  by  deep  data  analysis.  condition  monitoring  is  in  fact  merely  the  first  phase  in  a  bigger  cycle  of  doing  maintenance  through  industrial  iot.  while  the  condition  of  an  asset  is  being  monitored,  data  is  collected  and  stored.  if  the  data  determines  that  immediate  action  should  be  taken,  e.g.  repairs  or  preventive  maintenance,  a  technician  or  maintenance  team  is  sent  to  take  action.  irrespective  of  which  action  is  taken,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  assets  state  together  with  the  sensor  data  is  stored  in  a  data  repository.  the  data  repository  can  be  used  to  conduct  comparisons  that  need  historical  data,  and  is  also  useful  to  monitor  trends  and  make  predictions.  the  depth  and  accuracy  of  data  collected  by  condition  monitoring  systems,  and  their  reach  across  entire  plants  or  factories,  gives  manufacturers  very  valuable  information  that  could  be  leveraged  to  reduce  the  impact  of  the  six  big  losses  by  making  informed  business  decisions.  trends  can  be  monitored  by  using  big  data  analysis  and  this  forms  the  foundation  for  accurate  predictions  to  help  both  daily
__label__machineconditionmonitoring operations,  as  well  as  triggering  proactive  and  creative  strategies  for  future  growth.  condition  monitoring  slots  into  an  industrial  iot  framework  as  a  foundational  block  for  continual  improvement.  humans  must  act  on  insights  obtained  from  cm  systems,  and  the  new  knowledge  must  be  embedded  into  new  product  development,  production  planning,  aftermarket  sales  and  customer  service  processes.  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing,  including  condition  monitoring,  can  be  used  to  improve  daytoday  operations  by  reducing  production  and  service  costs,  boosting  customer  satisfaction  and  increasing  sales.  at  first  glance,  it  seems  logical  that  the  acceleration  of  technological  growth  should  automatically  bring  improved  manufacturing  quality,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  in  many  cases,  the  opposite  is  true.  there  are  a  number  of  factors  that  make  it  more  difficult  than  ever  before  for  manufacturers  to  maintain  production  quality  at  a  high  level.  production  processes  nowadays  are  complex  and  often  encompass  many  production  assets.  whether  automotive  motors,  chocolate  wafers,  or  chemical  pest  control  products  are  being  manufactured,  quality  failures  financial  impact  is  higher  than  ever  before.  it  is  therefore  no  surprise  that  quality  has  become  a  top  priority  for  many  organizations.  as  industry  4.0  is  making  a  massive  impact  on  manufacturing,  its  logical  that  those  technologies  are  being  leveraged  to  meet
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  new  demands  on  quality.  this  has  resulted  in  the  birth  of  quality  4.0.  quality  4.0,  like  industry  4.0,  doesnt  simply  define  a  single  activity  or  technology.  quality  4.0  rather  describes  a  new  approach  to  manufacturing  that  is  driven  by  data.  rather  than  production  being  evaluated  only  on  cost  and  output  rate,  it  is  measured  by  the  quality  of  the  product,  the  process  and  the  services  surrounding  a  product.  the  4.0  refers  to  industry  4.0  and  the  digital  transformation  technologies  associated  with  it,  such  as  ai  in  the  form  of  artificial  neural  networks  and  machine  learning  algorithms,  digital  twins,  industrial
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  and  others.  all  these  technologies  can  be  leveraged  to  improve  quality.  predictive  quality  analytics  is  for  example  a  use  case  that  uses  those  technologies  to  predict  production  quality  changes.  this  information  is  critical  to  manufacturers  who  understand  that  quality  is  important  to  customers,  and  who  want  to  develop  leaner  operations  while  manufacturing  better  products.  quality  4.0  is  still  at  the  early  stage  of  adoption.  most  manufacturers  still  use  traditional  quality  evaluation  methods,  although  these  methods  are  many  cases  no  longer  relevant.  companies  that  dont  innovate  on  quality  for  existing  and  new  production  processes  will  find  it  difficult  not  only
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  survive,  but  also  to  lead  in  future  markets.  the  reality  is  however  that  quality  issues  cost  companies  an  enormous  amount  of  money,  and  this  ultimately  affects  the  potential  longevity  of  any  manufacturing  concern,  especially  since  the  market  is  always  changing  and  more  competitive  than  ever  before.  although  implementing  quality  4.0  needs  organizational  and  financial  resources,  the  process  presents  massive  opportunities  for  manufacturers.  finding  new,  innovative  ways  to  improve  quality  presents  an  opportunity  to  nurture  a  developmental  culture,  which  could  in  turn  lead  to  improved  products  that  are  less  costly  to  produce.  implementing  quality  4.0  can  also  differentiate  and  strengthen
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  brand  within  current  markets,  and  increase  awareness,  both  among  existing  and  new  customers.  quality  4.0  levels  the  playing  field  in  manufacturing  as  mid  and  even  smallscale  firms  are  able  to  leverage  new  technology,  thereby  making  significant  improvements  in  production  efficiency  and  meeting  customer  demands  better.  manufacturers  currently  face  several  challenges  relating  to  quality:  industry  4.0  allows  manufacturers  to  meet  the  challenges  mentioned  above  headon  by  using  its  suite  of  powerful  use  cases  including  digital  twin,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  quality  and  maintenance.  changes  in  legislation  can  for  example  be  communicated  to  production  lines  directly,  or  code  can  be  remotely
__label__machineconditionmonitoring changed  to  ensure  that  existing  and  new  products  comply  with  the  changed  laws.  previously,  quality  was  normally  associated  with  production  processes.  quality  should  however  also  form  an  integral  part  of  conceptualizing,  designing  and  industrializing  of  the  product.  by  including  quality  in  all  the  phases  of  the  products  lifecycle,  including  the  early  ones,  manufacturers  will  be  able  to  improve  customer  satisfaction.  the  quality  of  a  products  concept  is  after  all  an  attribute  that  will  ultimately  affect  how  customers  experience  the  use  and  value  of  the  product.  before  the  industry  4.0  revolution,  most  of  the  quality  activity  in  manufacturing  took  place  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring this  zone.  traditional  process  harmonization  methods  and  data  analytics  are  now  replaced  by  techniques  using  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence,  and  advanced  levels  of  visualization  and  monitoring  such  as  digital  twin.  rework  and  production  waste  is  minimized  by  applying  processbased  machine  learning.  process  engineers  then  test  production  parameters  to  determine  set  points  for  optimized  throughput  and  quality  by  using  predictive  simulation.  quality  4.0  is  unique  in  that  a  products  performance  is  monitored  even  after  it  has  been  delivered.  it  is  also  possible  to  modify  the  performance  if  necessary.  future  failures  can  be  prevented,  minimizing  loss  of  materials  in  rejected  batches
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  collecting  and  interpreting  user  data  from  the  field.  the  time  taken  from  identifying  failures  to  eliminating  it  can  be  very  short,  and  this  reduces  wastage  and  maintains  customer  satisfaction.  in  products  integrated  with  software,  updates  can  be  done  remotely,  to  eliminate  bugs  and  add  features  required  by  users.  quality  4.0  is  a  very  wide  field  and  firms  should  aim  at  instilling  the  quality  approach  as  an  integral  part  of  the  companys  overall  culture.  as  every  interaction  with  the  manufacturing  process  and  every  employee  can  be  treated  as  being  within  the  quality  paradigm,  quality  4.0  can  be  used  for  more
__label__machineconditionmonitoring than  any  specific  manufacturing  segment.  technologies  used  in  smart  factories,  i.e.  machine  learning,  ai,  big  data,  iiot,  etc.  can  all  be  used  for  quality  improvement.  methods  for  quality  improvement  are  however  not  keeping  pace  with  the  development  of  other  technologies  aimed  at  enhancing  production.  this  is  particularly  true  for  methods  that  involve  feedback  loops  and  b2c  communication.  this  means  that  the  power  of  quality  4.0  has  not  yet  been  fully  unleashed.  industrial  iot  techniques,  i.e.  analytics,  dashboards,  gateway  devices,  sensors  and  connectivity  protocols  do  however  provide  the  perfect  tools  for  implementing  quality  4.0.  one  way  to  demonstrate  this  is  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring looking  at  remote  monitoring  as  a  use  case  for  quality  4.0.  remote  diagnosis  techniques  can  be  performed  by  using  sensors  to  collect  data  for  root  cause  analysis.  when  feedback  from  several  devices  is  gathered,  swarm  intelligence  can  be  used  for  further  analysis  into  product  performance  or  machine  behavior.  predictive  maintenance  can  be  enabled  and  correlative  patterns  identified  by  using  predictive  analytics  on  the  data  collected.  this  type  of  analysis  can  provide  insights  into  parameters  affecting  performance  quality  or  output  beyond  the  prevention  of  malfunction  and  efficient  maintenance.  although  it  is  commonly  believed  that  only  data  or  software  related  issues  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  fixed  remotely,  it  has  become  evident  that  in  the  field,  service  technicians  are  called  out  for  just  that  reason  extremely  often.  for  example,  software  issues  represent  a  big  part  of  all  the  service  requests  in  the  automotive  industry.  in  cases  where  onsite  visits  are  required,  technicians  already  know  the  details  of  the  issue  when  they  arrive,  and  are  equipped  with  the  required  methods,  tools  and  spares  for  the  specific  repair.  remote  maintenance  and  monitoring  enables  manufacturers  to  improve  quality  continually  over  time  while  the  performance  and  usage  data  collected  from  production  machines  or  products  provides  an  important  source  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring information  for  product  development  and  business  insights.  call  us  under  or  come  to  visit  us  in  riesstrase  8,  80992  mnchen  error  filling  form.  the  form  was  not  filled  correctly,  or  it  was  not  filled  at  all.  please  note  the  messages  under  the  input  fields.  thank  your  message  has  been  successfully  sent,  we  will  contact  you  shortly.  powered  by  woocommerce  checkout  on  popup  plugin  from  wpsuperiors  powered  by  woocommerce  checkout  on  popup  plugin  from  wpsuperiors
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  job  of  a  maintenance  supervisor  is  neverending  because  the  question  of  equipment  failure  is  not  if  but  when  .  an  engine  will  sputter,  a  boiler  will  breakdown,  or  a  crank  will  jam  in  spite  of  long  days  spent  conducting  inspections,  instructing  technicians,  and  overseeing  renovations.  for  technicians  already  armed  with  a  careful  eye  for  detail  and  rigorous  maintenance  schedules,  condition  monitoring  iot  systems  are  yet  another  tool  to  help  mitigate  the  risk  of  downtime.  theres  a  large  variety  of  sensors  that  can  be  used  to  monitor  equipment.  selecting  the  right  device  to  meet  performance  and  cost  constraints  requires  understanding
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  operating  environment  as  a  whole.  before  you  start  building  an  iot  system  for  condition  monitoring,  ask  yourself  these  7  questions  to  determine  the  right  sensors:  monica  is  a  maintenance  supervisor  for  a  mediumsized  injection  molding  company  based  in  cincinnati,  ohio.  currently,  her  team  inspects  equipment  according  to  the  manufacturer  guidelines  and  have  to  be  physically  present.  monica  has  asked  the  it  department  about  developing  a  condition  monitoring  system  inhouse,  but  it  is  overloaded  with  other  projects.  lets  see  how  she  gets  ready  to  build  her  own  condition  monitoring  iot  system.  the  best  place  to  start  is  equipment  that  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring both  critical  to  your  operations  and  currently  has  a  low  level  of  visibility.  outlining  how  you  will  use  the  data  will  help  you  evaluate  the  roi  postimplementation.  monica  chooses  to  start  with  2  water  tanks  and  2  gas  tanks.  ensuring  the  fluid  in  the  water  tanks  is  at  the  correct  temperature  is  vital  for  the  cool  down  step  of  the  mold  manufacturing  process.  the  gas  tanks  store  nitrogen  gas,  which  plays  a  critical  role  as  a  propellant  during  the  injection  molding  process.  monica  wants  her  team  members  to  receive  sms  alerts  when  the  temperature  and  pressure  values  are  outside  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  safe  bounds,  so  they  can  take  action  immediately.  by  taking  fast  action  and  minimizing  downtime,  they  can  keep  production  on  schedule  and  maintain  good  client  relationships.  while  you  can  collect  a  wide  variety  of  data  about  your  equipment,  select  just  the  information  that  will  enable  better  decision  making.  setting  up  a  system  in  phases  is  often  more  helpful  than  trying  to  build  a  complex  system  at  once.  at  the  outset,  monica  chooses  to  remotely  monitor  the  temperature  of  the  water  tanks  and  the  pressure  of  the  gas  tanks.  once  her  team  adapts  to  the  new  condition  monitoring  system,  she
__label__machineconditionmonitoring would  like  to  add  a  fill  level  sensor  and  a  pump  to  create  an  automatic  tank  filling  system.  specifying  the  sensing  range  required  will  help  you  choose  the  most  costeffective  solution.  the  temperature  sensors  need  to  be  able  to  take  readings  between  45400  f.  one  gas  tank  needs  a  sensor  rated  for  0200  psi,  and  the  other  for  0800  psi.  a  general  rule  of  thumb  is  that  the  more  frequently  you  want  to  review  your  data,  the  higher  your  hardware  and  system  operating  costs  will  be.  previously,  monicas  team  inspected  the  water  and  gas  tanks  twice  at  the  beginning  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring each  8hour  shift.  monica  and  her  team  only  want  to  review  the  data  3  times  a  day,  but  still  want  to  receive  alerts  as  soon  as  the  sensor  data  is  outside  safe  bounds.  outdoor  environments  require  more  hardy  hardware  and  generally  have  more  limited  options  for  connecting  the  devices  to  the  internet.  the  water  and  gas  tanks  are  all  in  one  room  inside  the  plant.  how  your  sensors  connect  to  the  internet  affects  the  hardware  available  to  you  and  its  power  consumption.  yes,  there  is  ethernet  and  wifi  available  inside  the  room.  if  no,  your  sensors  will  need  to  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring battery  powered.  yes,  there  are  outlets  with  available  plugs  near  the  water  and  gas  tanks.  based  on  monicas  answers  to  the  7  questions,  she  can  determine  the  requirements  for  her  sensors:  temboo  can  find  sensors  that  match  your  requirements,  or  you  can  look  on  the  websites  of  major  hardware  distributors,  such  as  and  .  here  is  what  our  team  at  temboo  put  together  for  monica  with  an  estimated  cost  of  400:  by  operating  these  devices  with  temboos  ,  monicas  team  has  an  condition  monitoring  iot  system  with  powerful  tools:  your  iot  system  for  condition  monitoring  can  be  ready  to  launch
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  as  little  as  two  weeks.  submit  your  answers  to  temboos  7  system  guideline  questions  to  get  started  today.  want  to  learn  more  about  how  other  manufacturers  are  using  temboo  to  monitor  equipment  and  improve  their  operations?  check  out  our  or  email  us  at  heytemboo.com.  this  post  was  originally  published  on  temboo.com  .  written  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  monitor  from  clabs  provides  operational  awareness  to  machine  operators,  plant  managers  and  business  leaders  in  manufacturing  organizations.  this  simplified  iot  solution  gives  smaller  manufacturers  and  machine  shops  live  information  from  both  new  and  legacy  machines,  without  sidestepping  security.  the  system  is  based  on  the  companys  factoryrelay  product  available  to  larger  companies,  which  simplifies  the  task  of  connecting  sensors,  devices,  and  services  together  to  give  a  complete  picture  of  an  operational  system.  the  software  provides  visibility  to  machine  state  information  from  anywhere,  anytime,  on  any  device,  facilitating  efficient  operations  while  protecting  industrial  equipment  from  cyberattacks.  it  should  be  noted  that,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring according  to  a  pwc  survey,  65  of  us  manufacturers  are  not  yet  collecting  or  using  iot  data  to  enhance  their  manufacturing  operations,  despite  availability  of  the  technology.  this  is  especially  true  among  smaller  firms  lacking  iot  expertise  and  wanting  outofthebox  solutions  that  are  safe,  secure,  and  simple  to  setup  and  use.  clabs  corporation  https://www.clabs.com/  844.252.2744
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industry  week  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  sponsored  by  manufacturers  are  making  major  business  improvements  using  the  internet  of  things  iot.  theyre  delivering  value  to  customers  in  new  ways  and  exploring  new  business  models  like  selling  outcomes  versus  products  or  shifting  to  a  predictive  service  model.  one  proven  way  to  get  started  with  iot  is  by  remotely  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machines.  remote  equipment  monitoring  provides  value  in  the  short  term  and  helps  develop  a  strong  analytics  foundation  for  your  broader  iot  strategy.  this  shares  suggestions  on  what  companies  can  do  to  get  equipment  connected,  start  gathering  data,  and  put  the  data  to  use.  follow  us:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  solutions  for  asset  monitoring  add  automation  and  intelligence  to  asset  management  and  asset  tracking  operations.  by  attaching  or  embedding  an  iot  sensor  to  things  such  as  vehicles,  shipping  containers,  or  medical  devices,  companies  can  actively  monitor  assetspecific  information  on  a  predetermined  basis.  the  use  cases  for  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  are  incredibly  broad,  and  the  insights  and  control  they  provide  offer  significant  benefits.  regulatory  demands  and  competitive  pressures  have  influenced  an  increasing  number  of  organizations  to  implement  connected  asset  monitoring  solutions.  however,  many  organizations  are  constrained  by  an  overabundance  of  fragmented  services  and  tools  that  result  in  iot  complexity.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  an  independent,  expert  advisor  with  nearly  two  decades  of  iot  knowledge  and  experience,  kore  is  positioned  to  help  customers  simplify  and  manage  the  entire  iot  deployment  lifecycle  to  successfully  implement  asset  monitoring  solutions.  with  our  technologyagnostic  approach,  we  can  help  you  maximize  the  value  of  your  iot  investment  by  enabling  iot  solutions  that  generate  visibility  into  asset  status,  ensure  optimal  asset  performance,  and  ultimately  increase  asset  value  to  impact  the  bottom  line.  in  the  face  of  overwhelming  iot  complexity,  kore  understands  that  each  business  has  its  own  asset  monitoring  solution  requirements.  this  is  why  we  take  a  complete,  endtoend
__label__machineconditionmonitoring approach  for  deploying,  managing,  and  maintaining  iot  solutions  that  produce  insights  and  deliver  value  to  your  business.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  fleet  management,  fleet  managers  benefit  from  access  to  centralized,  vital  insights  into  specific  areas  of  vehicle  diagnostics  and  driver  performance.  with  access  to  data  regarding  the  specific  status  of  fleet  vehicles  and  drivers,  businesses  can  effectively  obtain  regulatory  compliance  for  hos,  improve  driver  behavior,  and  build  maintenance  analytics  to  prevent  unexpected  vehicle  repairs.  in  the  iot  healthcare  space,  outpatient  monitoring  solutions  can  be  implemented  to  continuously  monitor  the  performance  of  medical  devices  and  ensure  optimal  functionality
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  availability.  with  realtime  monitoring  of  patient  biometrics  via  these  connected  medical  devices,  healthcare  providers  can  implement  accurate,  preventative  care  and  facilitate  selfcare  education  to  improve  patient  outcomes  and  quality  of  care.  with  asset  monitoring  solutions,  logistics  and  supply  chain  managers  can  continuously  monitor  temperature  levels  for  perishable  foods  and  other  items  to  maintain  quality  and  remotely  troubleshoot  and  resolve  issues  should  they  arise.  with  constant  access  to  container  data,  logistics  companies  can  reduce  waste,  eliminate  storage  facility  downtime,  and  improve  operational  efficiencies.  industrial  organizations  can  continuously  monitor  equipment  to  ensure  optimal  functionality  and  availability,  and  remotely  troubleshoot  and  resolve
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issues  should  anomalies  be  detected.  with  constant  access  to  equipment  data,  industrial  companies  can  reduce  costs  and  improve  efficiencies  by  maintaining  equipment  health  to  eliminate  unplanned  downtime.  construction  managers  can  leverage  iot  equipment  monitoring  to  ensure  worker  safety,  operational  efficiency,  and  inventory  control.  by  remotely  monitoring  and  troubleshooting  issues  before  they  arise,  construction  teams  can  mitigate  negative  impacts  to  equipment  health,  improving  both  bottomline  costs  and  operational  uptime.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  auto  insurance  customers,  insurers  can  accurately  monitor  and  measure  factors  such  as  driving  frequency,  speed,  acceleration,  and  braking  to  develop  personalized  policy  agreements.  with  customized,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring safetybased  insurance  rates,  insurance  organizations  can  better  service  customers  while  encouraging  safer  driver  behavior  and  reducing  insurance  claim  costs.  by  implementing  asset  monitoring  iot  solutions  for  vehicle  telematics,  automakers  can  add  value  for  their  customers  by  offering  access  to  centralized,  vital  insights  into  specific  areas  of  vehicle  diagnostics.  with  access  to  data  regarding  the  specific  status  of  their  vehicles,  customers  benefit  from  preventative  maintenance,  automatic  safety  alerts,  and  ultimately  an  extension  of  their  vehicles  life.  enable  roaming  to  400  carriers  and  coverage  in  180  countries  worldwide  with  connectivity  from  top  cellular  and  satellite  providers.  streamline  enterprise  operations  with  the  right
__label__machineconditionmonitoring mix  of  turnkey,  managed  hardware  from  leading  oems.  realize  efficiencies  with  procurement,  staging,  kitting,  and  provisioning  for  comprehensive  tablet  and  wearablebased  solutions.  enhance  your  iot  solution  outcomes  with  locationbased  services  and  centralized  application  enablement.  implement,  manage,  and  maintain  a  successful  iot  solution  from  strategy  development  to  endoflife  disposition.  recent  blogs  11.22.2019  iot  potential  is  as  limitless  as  its  platform  11.15.2019  global  iot  expansion  simplified  news  10.22.2019  kore  unlocks  the  learning  potential  of  iot  and  sustainability  at  mobile  world  congress  10.22.2019  kore  introduces  new  platform  to  enable  innovative  iot  connectivity,  solutions,  analytics  services  events  april  1  april  3,  2020  field  service
__label__machineconditionmonitoring management  2020  may  12  may  13,  2020  field  service  connect  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  2019  kore  wireless
__label__machineconditionmonitoring brought  to  you  by  remote  monitoring  and  controlling  of  the  substation  equipment  is  an  important  issue  for  the  power/energy  management  department  which  is  normally  done  manually,  or  using  an  expensive  plc  and  scada  system.  with  the  emergence  of  the  internet  and  computational  era,  a  smart  monitoring  and  reliable  controlling  system  over  the  entire  substation  equipment  is  highly  desirable  that  can  be  achieved  by  introducing  the  internet  of  things  iot  technology.  iot  is  the  network  of  physical  devices  embedded  with  electronics,  software,  sensors,  actuators  and  network  connectivity  which  have  the  ability  to  identify,  collect  and  exchange  the  data.  each  thing  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring uniquely  identifiable  through  its  embedded  computing  system  and  able  to  interoperate  within  the  existing  internet  infrastructure.  this  paper  proposed  an  iot  based  network  strategy  for  monitoring  and  controlling  the  substation  equipment  so  that  managing  time  and  resources  can  take  place  as  efficiently  as  possible.  the  iot  based  system  allows  objects  to  be  sensed  or  controlled  remotely  across  existing  network  infrastructure,  creating  opportunities  for  more  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world  into  computerbased  systems  and  resulting  in  improved  efficiency,  accuracy  and  economic  benefit  with  the  added  merits  of  minimum  human  intervention.  moreover,  a  prototype  system  has  been  implemented  and  tested  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring measuring  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  model.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring our  leading  industrial  innovation  platform  and  solutions  turn  possibility  into  reality  knowledge  and  help  for  ptc  technology  users  share  an  idea  or  get  an  answer  from  customer  support  forums  and  blogs  view  all  ptc  resources  access  the  thingworx  and  vuforia  developer  portals  and  tools  ensure  success  with  your  ptc  products  flexible  learning  experiences  to  enable  you  to  reach  your  goals  products  and  resources  to  empower  k12college  students  and  educators  experience  the  value  of  ptcs  technologies  try  ptc  products  search  hundreds  of  iot  applications,  solutions,  and  resources  learn  how  to  buy  our  products  contact  a  ptc  sales  representative  learn  more  about
__label__machineconditionmonitoring subscription  news  and  promotion  monitoring  equipment  via  the  iot  is  a  proven  way  to  improve  service  performance,  revenue,  and  profitability.  join  independent  research  firm  techclaritys  jim  brown  as  he  shares  the  highlights  of  his  recent  research,  .  get  practical  advice  on  what  you  need  to  do  to  get  your  remote  monitoring  initiative  started  and  delivering  value.  the  webcast  will  cover:  founder  and  president,  techclarity  sr.  director  of  slm  solution  management,  ptc
__label__machineconditionmonitoring beyond  the  ubiquity  of  smart  wireless  devices  in  the  consumer  market,  there  is  a  huge  shift  happening  on  an  industrial  level  to  harness  the  internet  of  things  iot.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  refers  to  wireless  sensors  and  intelligent  machines  that  collect  data  and  integrate  analytics  into  the  operational  processes  and  systems  in  an  industrial  setting.  an  iot  monitoring  platform  that  provides  lowcost  wireless  sensor  systems  and  cloudbased  storage  and  analytics  make  insights  into  overall  equipment  effectiveness  and  proactive  machine  maintenance  more  accessible  than  ever  before  using  iot  applications.  additionally,  the  scalability  of  wireless  systems  reduces  the  costs  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring measurement  by  a  factor  of  10.  these  new  iot  solutions  are  different  from  legacy  systems  and  traditional  measurement  systems  because  they  cannot  only  monitor  previously  inaccessible  thresholds,  but  they  can  be  deployed  quickly  and  efficiently.  the  apparent  simplicity  of  wireless  sensor  systems  means  you  can  get  answers  to  your  business  concerns  quickly  and  without  a  major  investment  of  downtime  or  cash.  companies  like,  ,  ,  and  are  improving  operational  efficiency  with  iiot.  at  swift  sensors,  we  have  harnessed  the  power  and  potential  of  the  iiot  to  create  a  lowcost,  unified  sensor  system  that  drives  powerful  insights  and  analytics,  integrates  with
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connected  devices,  and  provides  real  time  device  data.  this  data  gives  plant  managers  and  engineers  the  power  to  design  new  solutions  to  increase  overall  equipment  effectiveness  and  improve  compliance  across  their  facilities.  if  you  are  looking  for  an  easytouse  ,  ,  or  ,  swift  sensors  has  an  iot  monitoring  solution  for  you.  our  plugandplay  system  is  designed  to  be  deployed  rapidly.  there  are  no  wires  to  connect,  no  software  to  install  and  no  technicians  to  wait  for.  your  team  can  get  a  swift  sensors  system  up  and  running  the  day  you  unbox  it.  heres  an  overview  of  the  endtoend  solution:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  swift  sensors  iot  platform  comes  together  in  a  few  different  pieces,  which  are  .  its  time  to  get  clarity  about  your  plants  oee.  better  data  has  the  potential  to  improve  product  quality  and  help  your  team  develop  accurate  policies  and  procedures  to  optimize  your  plant  operations.  ready  to  see  exactly  how  a  swift  sensors  wireless  sensor  system  can  improve  oee  in  your  workplace?
__label__machineconditionmonitoring new  new  new  from  idg  advertiser  name  here  senior  u.s.  correspondent,  if  youre  responsible  for  an  industrial  component  that  millions  of  people  depend  on,  the  last  thing  you  want  is  a  middleofthenight  alert  that  the  part  has  failed.  the  internet  of  things  could  be  your  ticket  to  sweet  dreams.  ibm  and  national  instruments  have  built  a  testbed  to  find  out  how  sensors  in  industrial  gear,  and  analytics  software  in  the  cloud,  can  prevent  failures  in  places  like  power  plants.  its  part  of  a  broader  effort  by  the  industrial  internet  consortium  iic  to  bring  together  various  technologies  in  industrial  iot  so
__label__machineconditionmonitoring companies  can  feel  confident  in  adopting  it.  ni  and  ibm  set  up  the  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  testbed  to  prove  that  energy  utilities  can  send  data  from  their  monitoring  systems  to  a  public  cloud  for  analysis.  specifically,  they  are  connecting  nis  measurement  and  edge  computing  technology  with  ibms  bluemix  paas  platform  as  a  service.  theyve  shown  that  the  systems  can  work  together,  and  theyre  now  identifying  potential  security  holes  and  closing  them,  said  jamie  smith,  director  of  embedded  product  systems  at  national  instruments.  they  are  also  talking  with  other  companies  about  joining  the  testbed.  idc  reports  that  its  time
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  hybrid  cloud  initiatives  to  focus  on  it  goals,  in  addition  to  business  objectives.  the  testbed  will  explore  one  of  the  most  promising  applications  of  iot  in  the  industrial  world.  the  idea  is  that  sensors  can  monitor  how  well  every  generator,  turbine  and  machine  is  running  in  real  time,  while  bigdata  software  can  crunch  all  the  numbers  they  collect  to  draw  conclusions  about  where  and  when  things  will  start  to  go  wrong.  this  allows  companies  to  keep  using  each  system  for  as  long  as  possible  and  replace  it  without  unplanned  downtime.  even  the  failure  of  a  noncritical  component  of  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring power  plant  can  cause  a  catastrophic  shutdown,  smith  said.  technology  like  this  could  cut  costs  and  improve  operations  across  many  industries,  but  theres  no  recipe  for  implementing  it,  especially  when  the  equipment  that  needs  monitoring  has  been  there  for  years.  monitoring  and  maintenance  systems  have  mostly  been  proprietary,  but  that  will  have  to  change  if  industries  want  to  take  advantage  of  internet  scale,  smith  said.  utilities  are  interested  in  cloud  computing  for  the  same  reasons  as  other  companies,  he  said:  buying,  deploying  and  maintaining  big  data  centers  inside  an  enterprise  is  expensive  and  difficult,  and  public  clouds  can  be  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring simpler  alternative.  but  there  are  a  host  of  other  advances  coming  with  iot  that  could  make  industrial  monitoring  and  maintenance  much  better.  for  one  thing,  today  many  kinds  of  equipment  get  tested  only  as  often  as  a  specialized  engineer  can  come  around  to  check  them  out,  smith  said.  builtin  iot  sensors  collect  data  all  the  time.  the  testbed  is  still  in  a  national  instruments  lab  in  austin,  texas,  where  the  companies  are  monitoring  a  motor  and  two  fans.  fans  are  ideal  for  testing  condition  monitoring  because  its  relatively  cheap  to  introduce  faults  by  breaking  or  weighing  down  one  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring blades,  smith  said.  later,  more  components  will  be  added.  in  the  next  phase  of  the  plan,  a  testbed  will  be  set  up  in  a  utilitys  own  facilities,  probably  beginning  next  year.  other  industries,  including  rail,  heavy  equipment  and  mining,  are  likely  to  be  interested  in  the  results.  the  third  phase  of  the  project  calls  for  testbeds  in  other  industries.  the  projects  findings  will  probably  influence  companies  decisions  about  the  new  monitoring  and  maintenance  technology  before  all  the  testbeds  are  done,  smith  said.  iic  was  with  a  mission  to  foster  interoperability  among  industrial  iot  systems.  ibm,  general  electric,  att,  intel  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cisco  systems  were  the  founding  members  of  the  group,  which  now  includes  more  than  100  companies.  iic  has  also  started  testbeds  for  energy  microgrids,  tracking  and  tracing  of  tools  in  factories,  and  softwaredefined  infrastructure.  the  new  cooperation  among  companies  in  this  field  represents  a  big  change,  smith  said.  historically,  industrial  systems  have  been  very  siloed,  smith  said.  stephen  lawson  covers  mobile,  storage  and  networking  technologies  for  the  idg  news  service  .  follow  stephen  on  twitter  at  .  stephens  email  address  is  stephen  lawson  is  a  senior  u.s.  correspondent  for  the  idg  news  service  based  in  san  francisco.  copyright  2015  2019
__label__machineconditionmonitoring get  in  touch:  improved  remote  monitoring  of  equipment  reduces  the  loss  risk  of  valuable  assets.  the  most  effective  way  to  help  achieve  risk  reduction  is  through  a  remote  sensor  solution  that  provides  accurate,  continuous  data  about  equipment  status,  from  temperature  monitoring  to  malfunction.  with  the  ability  to  remotely  monitor  the  actionable  sensor  data  with  a  simple  application,  your  equipment  and  assets/inventory  monitoring  process  is  improved  and  streamlined.  wireless  sensor  solutions  help  small  and  medium  size  companies  keep  an  eye  on  their  equipment  and  valuable  or  perishable  assets  around  the  clock,  monitoring  the  status  of  the  equipment  and  assets  from  almost
__label__machineconditionmonitoring anywhere  with  a  single  application  that  may  be  loaded  to  personal  computers,  laptops  and  mobile  devices.  the  solution  ties  together  easytoinstall  sensors,  a  wireless  router  or  gateway,  and  an  online  portal  with  easy  interfaces,  accessible  via  most  any  device.  they  deliver  immediate  alerts  and  notifications,  allowing  you  to  take  rapid  action  to  proactively  protect  and  manage  equipment.  here  are  six  examples  of  the  advantages  can  provide:  offer  a  great  example  of  what  iot  sensor  solutions  can  do.  given  the  critical  importance  of  food  quality  and  freshness  to  the  success  of  these  businesses,  one  of  their  most  important  considerations  is  ensuring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  food  is  kept  at  the  proper  temperatures  at  all  times  to  maintain  quality  and  safety  and  to  comply  with  local  and  state  regulations.  as  a  result,  restaurant  and  catering  businesses  spend  a  lot  of  time  checking  and  recording  temperatures  throughout  the  hours  the  business  is  open.  but  what  about  overnight,  when  no  one  is  around  to  check?  the  last  thing  a  business  needs  is  to  arrive  in  the  morning  and  find  that  one  of  their  refrigerators  stopped  working  in  the  middle  of  the  night,  and  all  the  food  is  ruined.  with  an  iot  sensor  solution,  temperature,  motion,  and  other
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sensors  can  be  installed,  feeding  information  to  any  smartphone,  pc,  tablet  or  laptop  that  can  be  monitored  remotely.  they  can  be  checked  at  frequent,  regular  intervals  throughout  the  day  or  night.  the  automated  approach  also  frees  up  employees  from  temperature  checking  in  favor  of  more  productive  work.  for  small  manufacturers,  sensors  can  significantly  improve  production  efficiencies  when  the  data  they  provide  is  connected  with  traditional  industrial  control  systems.  equipment  can  be  more  efficiently  maintained,  as  the  sensors  alert  engineers  to  issues  that  can  be  resolved  more  quickly.  and  when  data  is  linked  to  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  systems,  companies
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  forecast  future  equipment  performance  and  in  some  cases  implement  autonomous  maintenance  and  repair  for  some  fixes,  further  minimizing  the  risk  of  costly  downtime.  in  the  ,  leveraging  sensors  in  drilling  and  related  equipment  can  alert  companies  to  the  earliest  indications  that  a  piece  of  equipment  might  be  failing,  making  maintenance  far  more  proactive.  for  remote  equipment,  the  sensors  can  provide  the  necessary  data  on  the  health  of  the  equipment,  allowing  a  company  to  move  to  conditionsbased,  rather  than  timebased  maintenance.  when  it  comes  to  running  a  small  or  midsize  business,  there  is  an  awful  lot  at  stake  when  it
__label__machineconditionmonitoring comes  to  properly  managing  your  assets.  fortunately,  iot  sensor  solutions  provide  you  with  a  way  to  not  only  keep  track  of  your  inventory  but  provide  you  with  real  time  feedback  to  take  action  as  well.  read  artificial  intelligenceenhanced  chatbots  and  virtual  agents  and  new  and  improved  sensors  are  among  the  technologies...  read  5g  means  something  different  to  every  enterprise.  its  general  capabilities  are  less  important  than  its  ability  to...  read  the  companies  that  succeed  in  transforming  their  operations  and  business  models  through  iot  are  those  that  will  have...  sign  up  for  our  monthly  newsletter  to  better  understand  the  technological  forces
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  are  making  an  impact  and  shaping  our  future.  thank  you  for  your  information.  please  check  your  email  to  validate  your  address  then  content  will  be  available  for  download  at  this  page.  thanks  for  signing  up  2019  sprint.com.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  knowing  this  information  can  allow  for  preventative  maintenance  and  help  save  expensive  downtime  of  machines.  you  will  be  able  to  respond  more  rapidly  to  maintenance  issues  that  do  arise.  sending  someone  out  to  a  remote  site  for  monitoring  on  a  regular  basis  does  not  help  for  those  times  between  visits.  also,  video  and  audio  monitoring  are  only  effective  when  someone  is  watching  the  video.  some  remote  sites  do  not  have  the  ability  to  power  a  video  camera.  because  of  the  new  infrastructure  of  the  internet  of  things,  industries  can  attach  sensors  to  devices  and  wirelessly  transmit  the  data  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  sensors  on  a  machine  to  a  cloud  in  the  internet.  the  cloud  software  provides  a  dashboard  of  sensor  data.  software  in  the  cloud  can  be  programmed  to  alert  key  personnel  of  certain  conditions  present  in  the  sensors.  for  example,  a  maintenance  worker  can  be  alerted  with  an  email  when  a  device  stays  at  100  degrees  fahrenheit  for  over  a  half  an  hour.  the  internet  of  things  can  allow  technicians  and  other  key  personnel  to  intervene  when  conditions  demonstrate  the  need  to  attend  to  the  asset.  also,  the  software  can  be  programmed  to  respond  to  certain  conditions  and  activate  other
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices  or  change  the  machines  settings.  the  iot  cloud  can  also  track  data  from  sensors  over  time,  gathering  data  in  the  search  for  optimal  settings.  steps  in  creating  an  internet  of  things  for  remote  industrial  monitoring  there  are  questions  you  need  to  answer  when  thinking  about  installing  iot  system:  you  may  have  multiple  goals,  but  you  need  to  decide  upon  the  goals  before  you  begin  placing  sensors  on  your  assets.  you  will  want  to  determine  where  each  asset  is  physically  located  that  is  related  to  this  iot  goal.  you  will  also  need  to  determine  what  data  is  needed,  how  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connect  to  the  device,  and  what  the  connection  protocol  will  be.  you  will  also  need  to  decide  who  will  have  access  to  the  data  and  what  security  will  need  to  be  provided.  in  some  cases,  you  may  have  sensors  with  such  sensitive  data  that  they  will  not  be  connected  via  the  iot  software  cloud.  instead,  those  sensors  with  more  sensitive  data  may  have  to  be  connected  via  other  methods,  such  as  gateways  that  can  route  the  data  through  a  more  secure  location.  data  needs  to  be  secure  at  the  device,  through  the  gateway,  in  the  cloud,  and  as  it  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring transmitted  to  staff  cellular  devices.  it  is  better  to  conduct  a  trial  with  one  set  of  assets  or  on  one  site  before  doing  a  large  scale  implementation.  this  allows  for  tweaking  of  the  iot  system.  you  may  discover  that  you  need  more  data  from  more  sensors.  you  may  find  that  the  rules  of  implementation  will  need  to  be  tweaked  as  well.  also,  you  will  be  able  to  take  the  iot  data  and  optimize  your  machine  usages,  operating  conditions,  and  workflow  in  order  to  achieve  the  business  goals  of  the  iot  implementation.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  an  exciting  new
__label__machineconditionmonitoring means  of  optimizing  the  use  of  your  business  assets.  by  constantly  being  able  to  remotely  monitor  and  change  settings  on  devices,  you  can  run  machines  at  their  optimal  settings.  also,  you  can  eliminate  downtime  from  out  of  service  assets.  you  can  save  the  time  of  your  maintenance  personnel  by  eliminating  unnecessary  drives  to  remote  locations.  solutions  can  be  created  that  allow  the  cloud  software  to  change  settings  on  machines  in  the  case  of  suboptimal  conditions,  like  overheating.  all  of  this  can  help  save  money  and  employee  time  and  help  your  industrial  sites  operate  more  efficiently  with  less  outlay  for  repairs.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  industrial  internetofthings  iiot  movement  is  revolutionizing  the  way  enterprises  operate,  as  connected  equipment  drives  enhanced  visibility  into  product  quality,  assets  performance,  and  operational  efficiency.  investing  in  iiot  is  a  core  strategic  initiative  for  worldclass  enterprises,  where  remote  monitoring  and  connected  technologies  highlight  unprecedented  improvement  opportunities  across  the  entire  organization.  the  iiot  is  a  new  paradigm  for  change.  enterprises  are  transitioning  away  from  analog  and  manually  operated  equipment  as  the  lifeblood  of  their  business,  often  replacing  entire  fleets  of  refrigeration,  hvac,  and  industrial  equipment  to  meet  a  variety  of  newage  initiatives.  endtoend  connected  equipment  and  systems  streamline  processes,  improve  operational
__label__machineconditionmonitoring efficiency,  and  help  maintain  compliance  with  modern  regulatory  guidelines.  the  enterprise  of  today  uses  more  automation  tools,  remote  monitoring  systems,  sensor  technologies,  and  integrated  systems  than  ever  before.  connected  equipment  opportunities  include  industrial  gas  companies  that  are  integrating  connected  modules  into  their  tanks  to  monitor  tank  level  and  capacity,  leading  to  increased  equipment  insights  for  maintenance  scheduling,  custom  refills  and  servicing,  and  other  operational  and  organization  improvements.  similarly,  refrigerator  and  freezer  manufacturers  are  integrating  embedded  chipsets  with  remote  monitoring  and  other  connected  capabilities  to  collect  equipment  analytics  and  other  insightful  data  points  that  lead  to  groundbreaking  datadriven  product  development..  alerts
__label__machineconditionmonitoring via  email,  sms  text,  and  automated  phone  call  to  protect  your  assets  aroundtheclock.  deploy  sensor  networks  in  minutes  with  ease.  no  it  required.  backup  battery  and  store  forward  technology  for  network  outages.  cellular  models  only  accredited  iso  17025  nist  calibration  and  certification  and  iq  /  oq  /  pq  validation.  use  sensor  cloud  to  view  temperature  logs,  run  robust  reports,  and  to  leverage  compliance  features.  approved  for  use  by  the  cdc,  vfc,  meet  compliance  for  glp  plans  with  audit  logs,  6  year  storage,  and  collaborative  incident  management.  this  website  uses  cookies  that  are  essential  to  the  operation  of  this  site,  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring personalize  content  and  allow  us  to  analyze  site  performance.  if  you  continue  to  use  our  website,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  our  cookies.  click  ok  to  indicate  your  acceptance  of  our  cookie  policy,  including  advertising  cookies,  analytics  cookies,  and  sharing  of  information  with  social  media,  advertising  and  analytics  partners.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring myadvantech  is  a  personalized  portal  for  advantech  customers.  by  becoming  an  advantech  member,  you  can  receive  latest  product  news,  webinar  invitations  and  special  estore  offers.  sign  up  today  to  get  24/7  quick  access  to  your  account  information.  the  era  of  industry  4.0  is  upon  us.  industrial  manufacturing  companies  are  facing  strong  demand  to  increase  their  productivity  by  realizing  smart  factories  and  smart  manufacturing.  with  the  advantages  of  advantech  devices  and  solutions  ipcs,  industrial  automation  and  machine  automation  technologies,  hardwaresoftware  integration  and  various  other  solutions  its  now  possible  to  foster  the  development  of  industry  4.0.  to  realize  industry  4.0,  advantech  has
__label__machineconditionmonitoring initiated  three  strategic  phases.  in  the  first  phase  of  the  implementation  of  equipment  connectivity:  devices,  machines,  production  lines  and  factories  are  connected  to  the  system,  and  therefore,  data  transparency  as  well  as  information  visualization  can  be  fulfilled.  in  the  second  phase,  data  collection  and  integration,  as  well  as  valuedadded  products  and  services  are  introduced  for  smart  manufacturing  services.  the  final  phase  of  intelligent  innovative  services  is  the  enabling  of  intelligent  machinery  and  big  data  analysis.  to  reach  these  goals,  advantech  enables  networkconnected  ifactories  and  imachinery  to  boost  the  transformation  of  smart  manufacturing.  furthermore,  six  solutions  of  smart  factory  have  been
__label__machineconditionmonitoring defined  machine  automation;  equipment  monitoring  optimization;  machine  monitoring  predictive  maintenance;  mes  integration  production  traceability;  factory  energy  management  system;  and  factory  environment  monitoring  developed  with  integrated  automation  and  cloud  innovation  for  industry  4.0  the  production  line  allocates  automatic  detection  systems  such  as  aoi,  ate  and  visual  detection  equipment,  which  improves  test  efficiency  and  product  quality.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  the  proliferation  of  smart  things  has  reached  critical  mass.  products  with  wireless  connectivity  from  lightbulbs  to  thermostats  to  smart  speakers  are  more  present  in  peoples  homes  today  than  notone  report  suggests  that  of  u.s.  consumers  have  at  least  one  connected  device  at  home.  but  the  technology  actually  has  its  roots  in  a  world  that  predates  the  rise  of  remote  control  thermostats:  industrial  manufacturing.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  takes  networked  sensors  and  intelligent  devices  and  puts  those  technologies  to  use  directly  on  the  manufacturing  floor,  collecting
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  to  drive  artificial  intelligence  and  predictive  analytics.  in  iiot  technology,  sensors  are  attached  to  physical  assets,  says  robert  schmid,  deloitte  digital  iot  chief  technologist.  those  sensors  gather  data,  store  it  wirelessly,  and  use  analytics  and  machine  learning  to  take  some  kind  of  action.  the  iiot  is  driving  unprecedented  disruption  in  an  industry  that  has  struggled  in  recent  years  due  to  talent  shortages,  and  this  offers  hope  for  the  industrys  future.  the  iiot  can  transform  traditional,  linear  manufacturing  supply  chains  into  dynamic,  interconnected  systemsa  digital  supply  network  dsnthat  can  more  readily  incorporate  ecosystem  partners.  as  key  enablers  of  dsns,  iiot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technologies  help  to  change  the  way  that  products  are  made  and  delivered,  making  factories  more  efficient,  ensuring  better  safety  for  human  operators,  and,  in  some  cases,  saving  millions  of  dollars.  one  of  the  greatest  benefits  of  the  iiot  is  how  it  can  dramatically  improve  operating  efficiencies.  if  a  machine  goes  down,  for  example,  connected  sensors  can  automatically  pinpoint  where  the  issue  is  occurring  and  trigger  a  service  request.  perhaps  more  importantly,  the  iiot  can  also  help  a  manufacturer  predict  when  a  machine  will  likely  breakdown  or  enter  a  dangerous  operating  condition  before  it  ever  happens.  predictive  maintenance  is  a  big
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thing,  says  schmid.  this  lets  us  limit  equipment  downtime  and  improve  safety  by  being  proactive  about  a  fix.  the  sensors  work  by  analyzing  the  sound  frequencies,  vibrations,  and  temperature  of  a  given  machine  to  tell  if  its  working  within  its  normal  condition.  this  processknown  as  condition  monitoringis  time  intensive  when  humans  do  it  manually.  by  using  sensors  to  collect  and  quickly  analyze  data  points  in  the  cloud,  prediction  becomes  easier.  schmid  cites  a  client  that  makes  packaging  materials  as  a  great  use  case  for  the  prediction  capability  of  connected  sensors.  when  the  company  outfitted  its  production  equipment  with  iiot  sensors,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  improved  by  nine  percent.  the  heightened  oee  decreased  waste  for  the  company  by  predicting  when  machines  would  need  to  be  maintained  before  they  failed  and  had  to  be  taken  out  of  service.  by  decreasing  machine  downtime,  schmid  says  the  company  was  able  to  take  better  advantage  of  the  factorys  capacity.  thanks  to  the  predictive  nature  of  the  sensors,  the  company  avoided  building  another  production  line,  which  helped  them  save  25  million  in  added  capital  expenditures,  he  says.  beyond  saving  money  and  time,  the  iiot  can  keep  workers  safe.  if  an  oil  well  is  about  to  reach
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  dangerous  pressure  condition,  for  example,  operators  will  be  warned  well  before  it  explodes.  sensors  can  even  be  used  to  manage  and  monitor  workers  locations  in  case  of  an  emergency  or  evacuation.  another  huge  benefit  of  the  iiot  is  location  trackingthe  industrial  version  of  a  connected  fob  that  makes  your  keys  impossible  to  lose.  workers  can  spend  a  lot  of  time  locating  tools,  equipment,  and  finished  goods  inventory,  but  the  iiot  reduces  that  time  significantly.  when  equipment  is  built,  it  goes  onto  a  massive  inventory  lot  that  could  be  three  quarters  of  a  mile  on  each  side,  says  schmid.  simply
__label__machineconditionmonitoring finding  equipment  on  the  lot  is  so  time  consuming  that  one  of  schmids  clients  saved  3  million  per  year  on  each  of  its  production  lines  once  the  companys  equipment  was  outfitted  with  locationtracking  sensors.  dr.  richard  soley,  executive  director  for  the  industrial  internet  consortium  iic,  which  works  to  test  and  promote  the  iiot,  has  come  across  similar  findings  with  his  clients.  dr.  soleys  group  works  primarily  through  testbedsexperimental  technology  implementations  designed  to  measure  how  well  the  technologies  really  work.  one  of  the  iics  testbeds  involved  a  client  with  a  massive  number  of  tools  that  kept  getting  misplaced.  the  client  found
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  its  workers  spent  47  percent  of  their  time  just  looking  for  the  right  tools,  dr.  soley  says.  but  with  an  iiot  solution,  the  worker  could  be  told  that  the  tool  they  needed  was  10  meters  behind  them  and  to  the  left.  this  also  meant  that  the  workers  didnt  have  to  spend  time  putting  the  tool  back  where  it  belonged.  thanks  to  the  sensors,  the  system  will  always  know  where  the  tool  is  and  will  tell  workers  where  to  find  it.  while  the  iiot  is  already  boosting  efficiency,  productivity,  and  safety,  the  future  of  the  iiot  could  disrupt  enterprise  business
__label__machineconditionmonitoring models,  too.  schmid  believes  that  in  the  near  future  we  could  see  the  proliferation  of  highvalue  equipmentranging  from  manufacturing  robots  to  aircraft  enginesbeing  leased  instead  of  being  sold  outright.  rather  than  sell  equipment  directly,  the  equipment  can  be  outfitted  with  builtin  sensors  and  marketed  as  both  a  product  and  a  service,  where  the  owner  monitors  the  equipment  remotely  and  delivers  maintenance,  repairs,  and  upgrades  automatically,  schmid  says.  this  will  allow  manufacturing  companies  to  focus  on  the  work  at  hand  instead  of  worrying  about  the  condition  of  the  equipment  that  they  use  to  do  it,  further  increasing  productivity  and  efficiency  even.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  the  manufacturing  industry  continues  to  adopt  iiot  technology,  these  results  provide  a  clear  business  casefar  beyond  the  sensors  that  anticipate  and  accommodate  or  arrival  home.  this  story  was  produced  by  the  wired  brand  lab  for  deloitte  digital.  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  cnmn  collection  2018  cond  nast.  all  rights  reserved.  use  of  and/or  registration  on  any  portion  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  updated  5/25/18  and  updated  5/25/18.  .  the  material
__label__machineconditionmonitoring share  the  post  equipment  sensors  bring  industrial  iot  projects  to  life:  an  interview  with  sierra  monitor  to  make  the  a  viable  strategy  for  equipment  manufacturing,  there  are  a  number  of  parts  that  need  to  work  together.  in  this  edition  of  our  field  service  things  series,  well  explore  the  importance  of  embedded  sensors  and  their  connection  to  the  cloud  in  order  to  capture  and  make  sense  of  the  right  data  from  machines.  sensors  are  a  vital  piece  of  the  iot  puzzle.  in  fact,  the  technology  partnership  ttp,  a  u.k.based  technology  and  development  organization,  claims  that  the  internet  of  things  should  really
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  called  the  internet  of  sensors.  their  argument  is  that:  the  iot  is,  to  a  large  extent,  a  solution  looking  for  a  problem,  rather  than  the  other  way  around.  theres  simply  no  point  in  objects  talking  to  each  other  just  for  the  sake  of  it  and  the  iot  only  provides  the  communications  backbone.  an  internet  of  sensors  looks  more  like  the  roots  of  a  tree,  with  sensors  of  all  types  at  the  extremities,  capturing  and  feeding  data  upwards  to  the  main  trunk  the  internet,  as  quoted  in  a  recent  article  from  .  in  industrial  use  cases,  like  heavy  equipment,  sensors
__label__machineconditionmonitoring embedded  in  machines  identify  a  problem  that  manufacturers  and  service  organizations  can  solve.  without  that  piece  to  report  back  through  ,  the  iot,  as  ttp  claims,  is  just  a  solution  looking  for  a  problem.  has  been  providing  industrial  sensing  and  automation  solutions  for  more  than  30  years.  more  recently,  theyve  shifted  their  focus  to  the  industrial  iot  megatrend,  developing  products  that  connect  and  protect  facilities  in  a  number  of  industrial  industries.  i  recently  spoke  with  kelvin  bui,  marketing  associate  at  smc,  about  how  the  iot  is  shaping  the  sensor  market  and  how  businesses  in  industrial  industries  can  stay  on  top
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  trends  in  machine  monitoring  and  connectivity.  the  iot  is  described  as  a  world  of  smart  connected  products  that  communicate  with  each  other  or  with  centralized  software  systems  by  sending  data  to  and  from  the  cloud,  said  bui.  the  iot  trend  starts  to  bleed  into  industrial  manufacturing  when  it  affects  facility  and  operational  productivity  enhancements  as  well  as  how  products  are  manufactured.  industrial  devices  now  have  an  unprecedented  amount  of  sensing,  processing,  and  communications  capabilities  built  into  the  product  itself.  as  a  result,  these  smart  connected  products  can  produce  a  lot  of  useful  data,  which  can  be  fed  in  near
__label__machineconditionmonitoring real  time  for  analysis.  this  in  turn  opens  up  many  strategic  possibilities  for  players  in  the  value  chain.  the  assessment  of  how  these  products  can  be  made,  sold,  operated,  or  serviced  differently  is  critical  in  the  iotinfluenced  industrial  manufacturing  world.  when  asked  what  the  hot  topic  in  industrial  internet  are,  bui  said  that  right  now  its  all  about  figuring  out  how  the  cloud  applies  to  the  industry.  for  businesses  involved  in  the  iiot,  the  cloud  is  more  than  an  entity  where  data  is  stored  and  processed.  field  data  pulled  into  a  cloudbased  service  portal  through  .  highlights  the  importance  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sensors  in  any  automation  system:  the  fundamental  components  of  an  automation  or  other  system  are  sensors;  they  are  the  eyes,  ears,  and  fingers  of  any  system.  if  the  concepts  of  iiot  are  to  succeed,  we  need  more  effective,  powerful  sensors.  how  manufacturers  can  best  make  use  of  data  from  sensors  is  still  in  its  experimental  stages.  sure  companies  can  gain  general  information  about  machine  performance  and  operational  efficiency.  but  businesses  that  are  able  to  use  this  information  to  come  up  with  creative  applications  will  see  the  most  benefit.  the  future  of  field  service  will  be  defined  by  iot.  learn  how
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  will  impact  industrial  service  businesses,  how  to  prepare  your  team  for  the  shift,  and  examples  of  companies  already  taking  advantage  of  the  possibilities  the  iot  has  to  offer.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  msi  data  helps  companies  to  improve  the  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  their  field  workforce.  focused  on  the  enterprise,  scheduling  and  the  mobile  worker,  our  applications  include  mobile  field  service,  mobile  inspection  and  field  service  management  software.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connecting  your  machines  to  the  internet  allows  for  earlier,  costefficient  service  reprinted  with  permission:  as  the  owner,  maintenance  manager,  or  engineer  in  a  welding  operation,  you  manage  many  complex  pieces  of  equipment.  you  may  choose  to  maintain  some  internally,  others  you  assign  to  a  thirdparty  service,  and  some,  because  of  tight  resources,  you  maybe  ignore  until  theres  an  issue.  all  of  that  equipment  generates  lots  of  data  that  you  could  use  to  operate  more  efficiently.  however,  most  facilities  use  only  a  small  percentage  of  their  valuable  data.  factory  automation  has  been  around  since  the  1970s,  but  it  is  only  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring partial  solution.  since  then,  larger  manufacturers  have  been  reaping  huge  efficiencies  from  connecting  their  machines  to  a  local  data  network  and  central  control  system.  however,  the  costs  and  specialized  personnel  required  to  maintain  these  systems  put  them  out  of  reach  for  typical  welding  operations.  this  is  why  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  such  a  breakthrough.  sensors  and  iot  technology  are  relatively  affordable  and  can  transmit  data  outside  the  factory  walls  for  conversion  into  actionable  intelligence  fig.  1.  in  this  way,  iot  enables  maintenance  arrangements  that  were  previously  impossible  on  both  production  machinery  and  nonproduction  equipment,  such  as  dust  collectors.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring there  is  still  some  confusion  about  what  iot  delivers.  iot  is  not  a  solution  in  itself,  but  rather  a  tool  to  transmit  information  from  the  factory  floor  to  personnel  who  can  process  and  apply  it.  in  traditional  industry  networks,  such  as  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  networks  or  distributed  control  systems  dcs,  data  is  sent  to  the  plants  local  control  systems.  in  iot,  the  data  is  sent  to  a  secure  remote  server  on  the  internet  for  processing.  maintenance  alerts  are  then  relayed  to  the  person  responsible  via  email,  text,  and  a  webbased  dashboard.  a  solution  built  on  iot  offers
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  same  functionality  as  many  traditional  networks  do:  however,  iot  also  offers  additional  benefits  beyond  those  of  a  standard  control  network.  connected  equipment  allows  multiple  parties  to  work  together  on  solutions  in  new  ways.  as  the  scenario  in  the  side  bar  illustrates,  iot  also  provides  two  valuable  functions  that  many  standard  networks  do  not:  monitoring  the  status  of  equipment,  and  providing  data  to  external  partners  who  can  quickly  help  with  diagnostics,  repair,  and  prevention.  the  following  addresses  these  functions.  iot  is  wellsuited  for  equipment  that  doesnt  require  constant  monitoring,  but  needs  to  trigger  an  alert  the  moment  it  operates  outside
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  set  range.  these  are  sometimes  the  shops  secondary  machines,  such  as  air  filtration.  sensors  on  these  assets  can  track  specific  process  data  including  temperature,  flow,  and  pressure,  or  monitor  broader  indicators  to  create  reports  on  overall  machine  condition.  iot  also  outperforms  traditional  networks  in  the  way  it  enables  maintenance  partnerships.  while  traditional  control  systems  are  designed  specifically  to  prevent  data  from  flowing  to  anyone  outside  the  organization,  the  architecture  of  iot  solutions  allows  secure  data  sharing  with  key  personnel  outside  of  the  organization.  when  the  maintenance  team  and  outside  technical  experts  see  common  data,  they  can  quickly  resolve  issues
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  make  changes  to  help  reduce  costly  downtime.  despite  the  unique  capabilities  of  iot  shown  in  the  sidebar,  it  was  never  intended  to  replace  factory  automation  scada  networks  or  dcs  entirely.  iot  is  designed  to  monitor  equipment,  not  control  it.  the  latency  in  iot  technology  time  that  elapses  between  detection  and  response  is  too  high  to  control  a  factory  process.  for  this  reason,  industrial  iot  should  be  used  to  supplement  existing  networks,  not  replace  them.  it  is  also  important  to  note  that  iot  is  designed  to  handle  small  amounts  of  data  from  many  sources.  monitoring  a  machine  that  generates  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring large  amount  of  data  to  analyze  and  store  approximately  5  megabytes  per  day  may  become  cost  prohibitive  for  iot.  despite  the  benefits  of  data  sharing,  equipment  owners  typically  have  two  valid  questions  about  adopting  iot:  security,  which  drives  convenience,  and  cost,  which  determines  scalability.  lets  walk  through  those  concerns.  security  and  convenience.  industrial  companies  are  worried  about  information  security,  and  for  good  reason.  networks  are  constantly  under  attack,  and  every  new  device  that  touches  an  internal  network  represents  a  potential  vulnerability.  data  exchanged  outside  a  companys  firewall  can  be  a  risk.  this  is  where  iot  actually  brings  advantages,  not  greater
__label__machineconditionmonitoring risks.  cloudbased  iot  works  independently  from  your  current  industrial  networks.  if  the  iot  device  uses  a  cellular  or  similar  network  and  a  thirdparty  cloud,  the  data  will  never  contact  your  plant  network.  because  of  this,  it  does  not  create  any  new  vulnerabilities  for  your  network,  which  will  reassure  the  it  professionals  in  your  organization.  cost  and  scalability.  iot  solutions  can  be  more  affordable  than  local  automation  systems.  because  traditional  industrial  networks  are  designed  for  critical  control  applications,  they  require  speed  low  latency  and  high  functionality,  as  noted  earlier.  this  makes  them  more  expensive  to  install,  and  they  can  be  overkill
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  applications  that  require  only  periodic  monitoring.  iot  represents  a  relatively  lowcost  way  to  monitor  specific  data  points  in  many  machines.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  will  enable  a  new  level  of  service  and  solutions  that  were  never  possible  with  traditional  industrial  networks.  in  these  new  models,  equipment  owners,  manufacturers,  and  dealer  service  managers  can  all  share  data  to  deliver  the  best  customer  experience.  when  considering  an  industrial  iot  solution  proposed  by  a  solution  provider  or  an  equipment  manufacturer,  ask  yourself  the  following  questions:  the  answers  to  these  questions  will  help  you  determine  the  potential  of  iot  for  your  operation.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  iot,  it  is  easy  to  get  caught  up  in  industry  noise.  however,  it  is  important  to  understand  the  business  problems  you  are  aiming  to  solve,  and  find  solutions  designed  to  address  them.  as  with  any  investment  in  your  operation,  you  need  the  right  tool  for  the  right  job.  to  illustrate  iot,  consider  this  situation  on  a  factory  floor  involving  dust  and  mist  collectors  that  filter  the  air.  early  tuesday  morning,  there  is  a  critical  malfunction  on  collector  a,  causing  the  operator  to  shut  down  three  welding  stations  and  interrupt  production.  the  following  details  how  the  malfunction  would  be  resolved
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  and  without  an  internetconnected  collector.  the  welding  operator  goes  looking  for  the  maintenance  manager  to  address  the  situation.  once  located,  the  maintenance  manager  walks  out  to  observe  the  machine  and  decides  to  call  the  dealer  who  supplied  the  machine  and  holds  the  service  contract.  the  manager  attempts  to  explain  the  malfunction,  using  whatever  visual  observations  he  can  make.  after  significant  time  on  the  phone,  the  maintenance  manager  and  dealers  service  manager  speculate  on  the  cause  of  the  malfunction.  the  service  manager  schedules  a  service  call,  but  the  closest  technician  is  two  hours  away.  when  the  service  technician  gets  onsite,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring she  diagnoses  the  problem  as  a  torn  filter  that  needs  to  be  replaced.  unfortunately,  she  does  not  have  the  replacement  filter  and  will  have  to  return  to  the  parts  warehouse.  due  to  travel  time,  she  will  not  be  able  to  return  until  the  following  day.  the  technician  comes  back  the  next  day  in  the  late  morning  to  fix  the  problem  and  has  the  machine  operational  by  wednesday  afternoon,  but  a  dayandahalf  of  production  has  been  lost.  a  year  later,  a  similar  filter  fails  on  collector  b  and  the  process  is  repeated,  with  another  12  h  of  lost  production.  the  maintenance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring manager  and  the  dealer  get  an  immediate  alert  on  their  phone  that  collector  a  has  a  critical  malfunction.  the  maintenance  manager  calls  the  dealer,  who  shares  the  plants  iot  dashboard  and  can  help  determine  the  root  cause  of  the  trouble.  for  additional  help,  he  calls  the  support  person  at  the  manufacturer  of  collector  a,  who  also  logs  into  the  web  dashboard.  using  the  realtime  and  historical  data  in  collector  as  dashboard,  they  quickly  determine  that  the  torn  filter  needs  to  be  replaced.  the  manufacturer  sends  a  technician  who  knows  in  advance  which  replacement  filter  to  bring  to  make  the  repair.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  tech  arrives  onsite  and  replaces  the  filter.  by  lunchtime  on  tuesday,  just  three  hours  after  the  breakdown,  the  welding  stations  are  back  up  and  running  at  full  capacity.  in  the  future,  the  scenario  could  improve  even  further.  the  dust  collectors  manufacturer  may  be  able  to  use  data  from  the  machine,  and  other  connected  dust  collectors  in  its  customer  base,  to  develop  an  algorithm  that  predicts  filter  failure.  the  welding  shops  iot  system  could  be  automatically  updated  with  this  predictive  algorithm.  then,  the  maintenance  manager  would  get  an  alert  before  the  filter  fails  that  it  needs  replacing.  he  would  schedule
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  part  replacement  during  downtime,  and  the  procedure  could  occur  without  interrupting  production.  north  americas  largest  metal  forming,  fabricating,  welding  and  finishing  event  heads  to  the  las  vegas  convention  center  in  las  vegas  in  2020.  fabtech  provides  a  convenient  one  stop  shop  venue  where  you  can  meet  with  worldclass  suppliers,  see  the  latest  industry  products  and  developments,  and  find  the  tools  to  improve  productivity,  increase  profits  and  discover  new  solutions  to  all  of  your  metal  forming,  fabricating,  welding  and  finishing  needs.  get  the  latest  on  fabtech  delivered  directly  to  your  inbox.  north  americas  largest  metal  forming,  fabricating,  welding  and  finishing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring event  heads  to  the  las  vegas  convention  center  in  2020.  fabtech  provides  a  convenient  one  stop  shop  venue  where  you  can  meet  with  worldclass  suppliers,  see  the  latest  industry  products  and  developments,  and  find  the  tools  to  improve  productivity,  increase  profits  and  discover  new  solutions  to  all  of  your  metal  forming,  fabricating,  welding  and  finishing  needs.  2019  fabtech.  all  rights  reserved.  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sense  and  adapt  with  iot.  by  better  monitoring,  managing,  and  controlling  your  equipment,  you  can  help  optimize  their  performance  and  transform  your  business.  monitor  virtually  any  equipment  from  skyscraper  tower  cranes,  to  wheeled  harvesters,  to  underground  drills  or  dozers,  cranes  and  more  you  can  collect  data  on  virtually  any  connected  asset.  easy  interface  support  both  association  of  equipment  management  professionals  aemp  standard  and  nonaemp  standard  industry  data  provided.  single  platform  the  user  interface  incorporates  telematics  data  from  monitoring  devices  installed  by  oems,  as  well  as  our  provided  tracking  devices  to  give  you  an  integrated  view.  we  are  committed  to  protecting
__label__machineconditionmonitoring your  .  thank  you  for  contacting  us  about  equipment  and  machinery.  an  att  representative  will  contact  you  shortly  to  provide  any  additional  information  and  answer  any  questions.  your  feedback  will  help  us  to  improve  att  business  so  you  continue  to  have  a  great  experience  when  visiting  us  att  intellectual  property.  all  rights  reserved.  att,  the  att  logo  and  all  other  att  marks  contained  herein  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property  and/or  att  affiliated  companies.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  this  site  uses  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies.  these  help  the  site  function  better.  they  also
__label__machineconditionmonitoring help  us  improve  it.  this  data  gives  us  feedback  on  how  you  use  our  products  and  services,  helps  us  develop  promotional  and  marketing  material  more  relevant  to  you,  and  allows  us  to  connect  you  with  apt  content  from  third  parties.  read  more  about  cookies  and  how  to  manage  your  settings  for  information  specifically  applicable  to  users  in  the  european  economic  area,  please  .  please  provide  the  following  information  to  access  your  document:  to  access  your  content,  please  check  your  browser  settings  to  make  sure  popup  windows  are  allowed.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 3/28/18  revised:  7/17/19  grainger  editorial  staff  if  your  plants  preventive  maintenance  plan  doesnt  include  sensor  and  iotbased  diagnostic  tools,  its  time  to  start  incorporating  them  into  your  facility  management  approach.  recognizing  and  addressing  equipment  malfunctions  and  failures  has  always  been  an  imperative  for  industrial  organizations,  but  the  new  wave  of  internet  of  things  iot  and  sensorbased  technologies  has  dramatically  improved  visibility  into  these  issues.  advanced  technologies  also  make  it  easier  for  diagnostic  tools  to  connect  into  everything,  everywhere  networks,  and  to  help  companies  analyze,  share  and  act  on  data  that  they  need  to  maintain  overall  equipment  effectiveness,  achieve  higher  uptimes,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  improve  plant  productivity.  for  example,  using  connectivity  to  monitor  equipment,  an  iot  enabled  diagnostic  device  can  automatically  trigger  work  orders  without  additional  human  intervention.  to  compete  in  todays  market,  manufacturers  need  to  guarantee  uptime  and  efficiency  for  every  piece  of  equipment  on  the  plant  floor,  travis  hessman  writes  in  new  equipment  digest.  by  combining  the  sophistication  of  iot  technologies  and  the  proliferation  of  smartphones  and  sensors,  the  market  now  offers  a  suite  of  tools  and  devices  that  can  bring  this  power  to  any  plant  or  operation,  no  matter  its  size.  here  are  five  sophisticated  diagnostic  tools  companies  are  using
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  detect,  mitigate  and  prevent  potential  machine  and  equipment  problems:  connected  condition  monitors.  using  portable  sensors,  these  tools  allow  users  to  access  data  anywhere  and  at  any  time.  industrial  remote  monitoring  system,  for  example,  utilizes  wireless  sensors  that  send  measurements  as  frequently  as  every  second,  giving  facility  managers  a  history  of  equipment  performance  before,  during  and  after  an  event.  used  to  monitor  ac  and  dc  voltage,  ac  and  dc  currents,  and  temperature,  these  condition  monitors  help  companies  make  preventive  maintenance  decisions  as  the  events  are  happening  as  opposed  to  after  the  fact,  once  the  equipment  is  down.  specialized  monitors  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring temperaturecontrolled  environments.  going  a  step  further,  companies  are  making  condition  monitors  that  provide  diagnostics  in  specialty  environments  where  food  is  handled  and  where  temperature  and  condition  are  particularly  critical.  maintenance  is  leaping  from  iot  hype  to  shopfloor  predictive  maintenance  with  a  condition  monitoring  device  from  abb  inc.,  called  the  ability  smart  sensor,  according  to  food  processings  kevin  higgins.  the  device  monitors  vibration,  current  and  temperature  to  assess  bearing  condition,  operating  temperature,  air  gap  eccentricity  and  rotor  winding  health.  using  it,  food  maintenance  technicians  can  check  the  health  of  motors  through  a  smart  phone  app.  upcoming  features  will  include  the  ability
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  upload  data  to  a  cloud  server  for  trending  and  other  analytics.  thermal  imaging  cameras.  sophisticated  devices  that  process  a  captured  image  and  display  it  on  a  screen,  translate  thermal  energy  heat  into  visible  light  in  order  to  analyze  a  particular  object  or  a  scene.  enabled  by  sensors  and  iot,  these  cameras  can  collect  and  analyze  data  for  preventive  maintenance  in  manufacturing,  automotive,  transportation  and  other  industries.  an  imaging  smartphone,  for  instance,  helps  detect  potential  problems  in  cables,  transformers  and  lowvoltage  switchgear.  users  can  conduct  a  thermal  sweep  of  a  physical  plant  and  detect  temperature  differences  caused  by  changes  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring normal  operating  conditions  or  hotspots,  which  may  indicate  a  developing  problem  such  as  a  loose  or  corroded  connection.  smart  devices  that  monitor  pump  efficiency.  hydraulic  pumps  fail  when  they  stop  putting  out  the  required  flow  and  also  when  their  efficiency  falls  below  their  manufacturers  operating  specifications,  with  the  most  common  causes  for  loss  in  efficiency  being  fluid  contamination,  poor  maintenance  and  using  the  wrong  hydraulic  fluid  for  the  operating  conditions.  allow  users  to  configure  according  to  the  specific  pump  model  and  size  of  the  hydraulic  axialpiston  pump.  with  pumpmd,  for  example,  users  enter  information  such  as  casedrain  port  size,  maximum
__label__machineconditionmonitoring casedrain  pressure,  continuous  input  shaft  speed  and  maximum  displacement.  the  device  continuously  monitors  three  critical  operating  parameters,  which  can  then  be  analyzed  through  a  mobile  app.  plant  controls  that  neatly  bundle  disparate  machinery.  when  predictive  maintenance  tools  come  with  builtin  reminders,  instant  messaging,  and  other  modern  communication  capabilities,  they  make  technicians  lives  easier.  by  integrating  iot  technology  into  the  blower  world,  for  instance,  kaesers  sigma  air  manager  provides  adaptive  control,  data  storage,  analysis,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  capabilities.  combined,  these  capabilities  help  to  improve  energy  efficiency,  save  money  and  perhaps  most  importantly  ensure  a  reliable  air  supply.  these  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring other  advanced  control  devices  analyze  operating  data,  simulate  possible  responses  and  then  choose  the  most  efficient  option  for  matching  air  production  with  system  demand.  more  connectivity  to  come  as  technology  continues  to  advance,  and  as  companies  preventive  maintenance  needs  increase  in  complexity,  the  blend  of  devices,  iot  and  sensors  will  only  proliferate.  as  iot  gains  more  efficiency,  manufacturers  can  expect  to  see  lowered  costs,  which  is  one  of  the  primary  reasons  manufacturing  experts  are  enthusiastic  about  the  role  of  iot,  writes  darren  tessitore  in  8  reasons  you  need  iot  in  your  manufacturing  plant.  it  will  become  easier  to  track  information
__label__machineconditionmonitoring about  products  and  processes  and  more  automation  will  usher  in  greater  efficiency,  eventually  reducing  costs  and  boosting  profit  margins,  he  continues.  if  your  manufacturing  plant  has  not  invested  in  iot  yet,  this  might  be  the  right  time  and  the  right  reason  to  start.  hessman,  travis,  get  smart:  top  predictive  and  preventative  maintenance  tools,  higgins,  kevin  t.,  motor  and  drive  innovations  give  food  manufacturers  more  power  options,  tessitore,  darren,  8  reasons  you  need  iot  in  your  manufacturing  plant,  smart  industry  forum,  the  information  contained  in  this  article  is  intended  for  general  information  purposes  only  and  is  based  on  information  available  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  initial  date  of  publication.  no  representation  is  made  that  the  information  or  references  are  complete  or  remain  current.  this  article  is  not  a  substitute  for  review  of  current  applicable  government  regulations,  industry  standards,  or  other  standards  specific  to  your  business  and/or  activities  and  should  not  be  construed  as  legal  advice  or  opinion.  readers  with  specific  questions  should  refer  to  the  applicable  standards  or  consult  with  an  attorney.  stay  ahead  of  the  curve  with  industry  insights  and  news  you  can  use.  email  newsletter  email  newsletter  call  us  1800grainger  18004724643  19942019,  w.w.  grainger,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring even  back  when  i  was  a  young  engineer  in  the  1980s,  we  had  condition  monitoring  solutions  for  our  large  turbine  generators  and  compressors  on  the  offshore  oil  gas  production  platforms  in  the  gulf  of  mexico.  condition  monitoring  technology  has  advanced  greatly  since  then.  now,  industrial  internet  of  things  iiotbased  sensors  can  feed  much  of  the  data  to  enable  more  assets  not  just  rotating  equipment  to  be  monitored  and  protected.  in  a  recorded  webinar,  ,  emersons  shares  a  3step  process  to  improving  equipment  reliability.  mike  opens  describing  the  evaluation  of  the  true  cost  of  unplanned  downtime,  not  only  in  terms  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring lost  production,  but  also  in  increased  costs  to  expedite,  increased  safety  environmental  risks  in  abnormal  situations  caused  by  equipment  failure,  and  depleted  inventories  and/or  increased  lead  times  to  meet  customer  requirements.  iiotbased  sensors  enable  costeffective  connectivity  and  advanced  computing  analytical  methods  to  be  applied  to  a  wide  range  of  plant  equipment.  the  data  from  these  sensors,  connected  securely  to  advanced  analytics  packages,  enable  expertsno  matter  where  they  are  locatedto  identify  issues  to  resolve  before  they  lead  to  downtime.  moving  from  a  reactive  to  proactive  culture  improves  not  only  reliability,  but  overall  business  performance.  the  3step  process  includes:  as  mike  describes
__label__machineconditionmonitoring these  steps  in  greater  detail.  iiotbased  sensors  and  data  analytics  software  are  important  components  in  the  plantweb  digital  ecosystem.  for  more  information,  visit  the  .  tags:  ,  ,  ,  ,  chief  blogger  call  me:  1  512.850.4270  the  opinions  expressed  here  are  the  personal  opinions  of  jim  cahill.  content  published  here  is  not  read  or  approved  by  emerson  before  it  is  posted  and  does  not  necessarily  represent  the  views  and  opinions  of  emerson.  20062019  jim  cahill.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__machineconditionmonitoring across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__machineconditionmonitoring gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__machineconditionmonitoring right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__machineconditionmonitoring harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__machineconditionmonitoring collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__machineconditionmonitoring track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__machineconditionmonitoring task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__machineconditionmonitoring total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__machineconditionmonitoring logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__machineconditionmonitoring idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__machineconditionmonitoring also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__machineconditionmonitoring published  july  30,  2018  in  some  ways,  the  term  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  hijacked  by  what  i  call  the  smart  toaster  phenomenon.  for  years,  iot  device  manufacturers  have  been  touting  the  benefits  of  smart,  connected  home  appliancesthings  like  smart  toasters  which  toast  your  bread  perfectly  to  your  liking  every  time  and  smart  refrigerators  which  can  do  everything  from  set  expiration  date  notifications  to  look  up/read  recipes.  iot  applications  like  these  are  capturing  the  attention  of  the  public,  but  theyre  not  where  the  real  money  lies.  more  in  my  view,  connected  devices  have  greater  potential,  at  least  in  terms
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  financial  impact  and  roi,  in  enterprise  settings.  that  subset  of  the  iot,  called  industrial  iotor  iiotis  slowly  gaining  a  foothold  in  the  market.  so  instead  of  smart  security  systems  and  smart  thermostats,  more  focus  is  being  redirected  to  smart  warehouses,  industrial  automation,  connected  logistics,  and  numerous  other  business  use  cases.  today,  than  in  our  homes  or  phones;  you  can  expect  that  trend  to  continue.  for  companies  interested  in  implementing  an  industrial  internet  of  things  system,  this  article  will  provide  an  overview  of  industrial  iot,  as  well  as  some  important  iiot  definitions,  sample  use  cases,  information  about  the  underlying  technology,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  advice  on  how  to  find  the  right  partner  for  your  particular  venture.  the  industrial  in  industrial  iot  is  a  little  misleading.  some  might  say  the  term  applies  to  iot  applications  used  in  a  manufacturing  setting;  manufacturing  is,  in  fact,  predicted  to  be  the  biggest  iot  platform  by  2021,  reaching  a  market  value  of  its  also  leading  the  pack  in  terms  of  industry  investment  in  iot.  but  in  my  view,  industrial  iot  encompasses  device  connectivity  across  all  industries  not  only  manufacturing:  the  growing  categories  of  use  cases  show  that  all  industries  can  reap  the  benefits  of  the  iot,  not  just
__label__machineconditionmonitoring manufacturing.  while  the  industrial  iot  has  a  lot  of  potential  for  generating  cost  savings  and  efficiencies,  it  poses  a  practical  challenge  in  terms  of  implementation.  most  companies  have  already  invested  a  substantial  amount  of  money  in  operational  technology  ot  that  wasnt  necessarily  meant  to  be  connected  beyond  the  local  network.  though  there  are  standard  ways  of  talking  to  instruments  on  buses  modbus  and  profibus,  for  example,  theres  no  standard  way  of  connecting  to  the  internet.  how  will  the  data  stream  be  captured  and  routed  back  into  existing  data  management  software  systems,  while  making  sure  its  all  secure?  the  real  innovation
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  years  to  come  will  be  figuring  out  how  to  take  it  from  the  local,  connected  bus  of  instruments  in  a  production  facility  and  get  data  out  from  the  cloud  for  the  purposes  of  analytics.  for  example,  say  you  make  instrumentation  for  food  manufacturers  that  measures  the  temperature  of  the  ingredients  and  the  amount  of  additives  going  into  the  stream.  that  instrumentation  is  useful,  but  it  creates  a  closedloop  process.  theres  additional  value  to  unlock  if  you  can  also  monitor  the  health  and  calibration  of  the  instrument,  and  help  the  customer  remotely  with  issues  and  settingswhich  requires  getting  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring instrument  connected  to  the  internet  so  the  data  it  generates  can  be  shared.  theres  wifi  available,  but  since  the  instrument  is  being  used  in  your  customers  manufacturing  facility,  not  yours,  they  arent  likely  to  let  you  use  it.  at  this  point,  your  options  are  limited:  you  either  go  with  a  proprietary  connectivity  solution  and  risk  getting  locked  into  a  particular  architecture  or  you  build  a  solution  yourself  which  is  difficult.  one  of  biggest  challenges  to  overcome  with  the  industrial  iot  today  is  systems  integration,  where  sensors,  radios,  controllers,  and  software  all  work  together  as  part  of  a  cohesive  system.  widespread
__label__machineconditionmonitoring standardization  at  this  level  is  not  likely  to  occur  in  the  next  10  years  given  the  sheer  number  of  competing  protocols  and  technologies.  but  thats  no  reason  to  forego  the  benefits  of  the  iiot  now.  trying  to  implement  it  on  a  companywide  level  is  too  complex,  so  to  get  started,  my  recommendation  is  to  do  something  small  and  impactful.  just  be  wary  of  the  traditional  it  partners,  like  telcos  or  consulting  partners,  because  the  industrial  iot  is  just  as  new  to  them  as  it  is  to  you,  and  they  dont  necessarily  have  it  nailed  either.  they  often  bring  in  other
__label__machineconditionmonitoring partners,  which  could  lead  to  a  more  convoluted  system  than  you  intended.  next  up,  well  look  at  the  technical  and  operational  definitions  of  the  industrial  iot.  in  the  previous  chapter,  we  said  that  the  industrial  iot  essentially  means  applying  the  technology  of  the  internet  of  things  to  business  and  industrial  use  cases.  heres  a  more  technical  iiot  definition:  what  is  iiot?  it  is  a  network  of  interconnected  computing  devices  embedded  in  physical  objects  for  the  purpose  of  gathering  and  exchanging  data,  which  is  then  applied  in  a  business  context  to  create  operational  savings  and  efficiencies.  the  data  gathered  from  these
__label__machineconditionmonitoring interconnected  devices  is  used  in  a  variety  of  ways,  all  of  which  lead  to  some  form  of  operational  transformation.  for  example,  the  data  could  be  analyzed  to  uncover  process  inefficiencies;  it  might  provide  realtime  visibility  and  greater  control  over  products  being  shipped;  or  it  could  be  used  to  predict  impending  breakdowns  of  industrial  machinery.  there  are  myriad  other  ways  in  which  the  data  from  the  iiot  can  be  used,  and  more  are  being  uncovered  every  day.  there  are  some  common  threads  among  all  those  thousands  of  use  cases  that  can  help  formulate  the  most  common  benefit  cited  for  the  iiot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  improved  efficiency  you  may  think  youve  optimized  your  processes  as  much  as  you  can,  but  humans  can  only  optimize  processes  to  a  certain  and  limited  extent.  only  when  you  take  it  to  machinelevel  sensing  and  control  can  you  see  what  you  can  improve  upon.  also,  many  organizations  waste  because  they  waste  energy.  whether  its  lights  being  left  on  or  machines  running  when  theyre  not  in  use,  unnecessary  electricity  use  drives  up  the  cost  of  largescale  operations  greatly.  sensorlevel  technology  is  perfect  for  these  types  of  scenarios.  take  a  construction  company,  for  example.  if  upper  management  realizes  that  all  their
__label__machineconditionmonitoring heavy,  humanoperated  machinery  is  being  left  running  when  not  in  use,  they  could  implement  a  sensordriven  solution  that  wont  allow  the  machines  to  be  on  unless  someone  is  sitting  in  the  seats.  the  costs  of  fuel  and  maintenance  for  idling  machines  can  rack  up  quickly,  especially  in  large  organizations.  if  integrating  iiot  can  help  you  improve  your  processes  across  a  large  enterprise,  it  can  drive  savings  to  the  bottom  line.  efficiencies  can  also  be  achieved  with  the  iiot.  jobs  that  require  frequent  and  consistent  human  involvementfor  example,  hourly  monitoring  of  oil  tank  levels  at  an  oil  refinerycost  quite  a  bit
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  manage.  a  wireless  industrial  control  system  can  read  the  levels  wirelessly  every  hour,  creating  a  more  efficient  system  that  saves  manpower,  which  in  turn  improves  the  bottom  line.  theres  no  shortage  of  statistics  showing  the  negative  impact  of  unexpected  machine  downtimes:  companies  with  limited  budgets  and  older  equipment  often  find  themselves  facing  a  challenge:  how  to  improve  equipment  availability  without  replacing  all  their  existing  machinery.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  offers  a  costeffective  solution  to  this  problem  in  the  form  of  predictive  maintenance  and  machine  monitoring,  with  impressive  results:  according  to  one  study,  iot  solutions  and  overall  maintenance  costs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  30.  you  can  then  extend  the  value  of  the  solution  by  using  the  data  insights  to  see  which  machines  produce  a  higher  number  of  faulty  parts,  for  example.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  iiot  devices  are  also  commonly  being  used  to  ensure  the  physical  safety  of  employees.  every  year  there  are  many  injuries  on  manufacturing  floors  and  job  sites,  some  of  which  are  related  to  faulty  machines.  using  the  iot  to  perform  the  predictive  maintenance  noted  in  the  previous  section  can  help  decrease  the  number  of  workrelated  injuries.  it  can  also  be  used  to  monitor  workers  compliance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  safety  standards,  resulting  in  safer,  more  productive  worksites.  aside  from  worker  safety,  product  safety  is  also  often  a  concern.  some  types  of  pharmaceuticals  and  foods  are  temperaturesensitive  and  require  controlled  environments  through  all  stages  of  manufacturing  and  distribution.  any  exposure  to  temperatures  outside  the  specified  range  could  render  these  products  useless  or  even  dangerous.  thanks  to  the  iiot,  temperaturemonitoring  devices  can  help  detect  and  avoid  potential  problems,  and  save  money  by  aborting  a  shipment  in  the  event  an  unavoidable  problem  occurs.  in  ,  well  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  ways  in  which  businesses  are  currently  using  industrial
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  applications  to  generate  savings  in  these  areas.  a  recent  survey  by  forbes  insights  indicates  that  senior  executives  consider  the  today.  but  while  many  companies  are  still  considering  the  best  way  to  pilot  an  iot  solution  for  their  use  cases,  others  have  been  experimenting  with  iiot  applications  for  the  past  few  years.  by  adding  wireless  solutions  for  industrial  sensing  and  control  systems,  even  to  existing  wirelinebased  networks,  many  businesses  have  been  able  to  achieve  the  in  some  cases,  these  updated  wireless  industrial  iot  systems  are  even  helping  those  organizations  improve  the  customer  experience.  below  are  several  industrial  iot  applicationsin  manufacturing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  morethat  have  already  proven  their  worth  in  actual  practice;  use  them  to  help  build  a  case  for  how  your  business  might  benefit  from  iiot  technology.  sensors  and  other  intelligence  can  be  added  to  new  or  existing  plants  in  order  to  monitor  exterior  parameterslike  ac  current  consumption  and  vibration  levelsthrough  a  retrofit  process  to  look  for  pumps  that  need  maintenance  or  are  approaching  failure.  for  example,  if  you  need  to  know  when  the  air  pressure  is  low  in  your  conveyer  belt  system,  batterypowered  sensors  can  collect  that  data  and  wirelessly  transmit  it  back  to  a  central  source  to  tell  you
__label__machineconditionmonitoring if  any  kind  of  malfunction  has  occurred  or  will  occur  soon.  until  recently,  getting  third  party  data  out  of  a  plant  was  very  difficult.  also,  for  many  of  the  tens  of  thousands  of  factories  and  plants  in  the  world,  machinery  is  provided  by  a  thirdparty  equipment  provider.  if  a  product  is  warrantied  or  serviced  by  that  manufacturer,  they  need  a  simple  and  effective  way  to  get  data  from  the  equipment  without  a  costly  or  complex  it  integration  on  the  customers  part.  iiot  technologies  save  manufacturers  the  time  and  travel  costs  associated  with  checking  equipment  onsiteinstead,  they  can  monitor  performance  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring anywhere  online.  swiss  company  ,  a  global  leader  in  industrial  technology,  uses  smart  sensorbased  connectivity  technology  to  monitor  the  performance  of  its  low  voltage  induction  motors.  each  motor  is  fitted  with  a  smart  sensor  that  provides  data  about  the  motors  condition  and  performance.  when  an  impending  problem  is  identified,  the  factory  can  plan  a  timely  repair  or  order  a  replacement  if  necessary.  with  downtime  costs  usually  in  the  neighborhood  of  a  few  hundred  dollars  an  hour,  this  type  of  preventive  monitoring  translates  to  significant  savings.  whether  a  facility  is  monitoring  its  air  quality  for  compliance  or  health  reasons,  enhancing  those
__label__machineconditionmonitoring efforts  with  the  iiot  helps  ensure  that  goods  and  people  are  safewithout  an  expensive  integration  cost.  for  example,  air  quality  is  of  particular  concern  in  school  buildings,  where  problems  with  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  systems  can  cause  a  variety  of  health  problems  that  negatively  impact  student  performance.  the  industrial  iot  has  been  used  to  monitor  the  air  quality  of  classroom  environments  in  a  number  of  schools,  one  of  which  is  dr.  natuk  birkan  primary  secondary  school  in  turkey.  realtime  data  on  air  quality  status  is  reported  regularly  to  staff  members,  and  alerts  are  sent  if  readings  exceed  a  defined
__label__machineconditionmonitoring threshold.  overall,  the  solution  has  greatly  improved  the  schools  air  quality  and  increased  the  productivity  levels  of  students.  companies  producing  sensitive  merchandiselike  pharmaceutical  plants  or  agricultural  operationsneed  to  monitor  the  environmental  conditions  of  an  area  for  compliance  and  quality  reasons.  but  this  type  of  monitoring  can  also  help  make  a  space  more  energy  efficient,  which  saves  money.  ,  a  provider  of  light  solutions  for  greenhouse  growers,  developed  an  application  that  uses  smart  sensors  to  provide  insight  into  greenhouse  performance.  the  sensors  collect  data  on  greenhouse  temperatures  and  co2  levels  to  enable  growers  to  optimize  their  growth  strategies.  customers  also  use
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  data  to  minimize  energy  consumption,  letting  them  switch  off  lighting  when  its  not  needed  without  sacrificing  plant  yields.  finding  out  where  inventory  and  supplies  are  located  in  a  defined  area  has  myriad  benefits  to  many  industries.  for  example,  in  an  airport,  it  can  be  prohibitively  expensive  to  pay  a  cellular  carrier  to  monitor  buses,  vehicles,  luggage  carts,  and  fuelbut  through  defined  area  ,  you  can  improve  your  vehicle  services  and  cut  down  on  employee  costs,  all  without  a  big  bill.  invested  in  an  iot  solution  that  it  now  uses  for  asset  tracking,  among  other  things.  its  tracking  capability  helps
__label__machineconditionmonitoring make  better  use  of  airport  assets,  like  cleaning  equipment,  wheelchairs,  and  vehicles  for  assisting  passengers  with  restricted  mobilityall  of  which  help  speed  up  plane  turnaround  times.  cph  officials  have  also  said  theyve  saved  money  with  tracking  by  eliminating  unnecessary  orders  for  misplaced  equipment.  industrial  iot  monitoring  allows  for  data  acquisition  in  older  plants  without  disturbing  factories  that  have  been  operating  for  more  than  30  years  often  use  legacy  industrial  wireline  protocols  to  gather  data  and  monitor  a  number  of  machines.  while  the  systems  arent  modern,  they  are  functionaland  breaking  the  connections  to  replace  them  with  a  new  iot  monitoring  system
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  be  difficult  and  expensive.  instead,  factories  can  simply  listen  in  on  the  legacy  wireline  connections  and  report  out  through  another  channel.  for  a  few  years  now,  automotive  parts  manufacturer  has  been  utilizing  the  iot  to  provide  customers  with  greater  transparency  into  its  production  processes.  for  example,  customers  wanted  to  know  which  airbags  were  added  to  which  cars,  as  well  as  detailed  data  characteristics  about  how  each  airbag  was  installed.  faurecia  had  always  collected  this  data,  but  it  wasnt  easily  traced  and  shared  with  customers.  the  iot  solution  it  has  now  allows  the  company  to  provide  customers  with  the  product
__label__machineconditionmonitoring traceability  they  require,  improving  customer  relations;  the  data  also  helps  the  company  more  easily  comply  with  regulatory  requirements.  knowing  where  people  and  assets  are  located  throughout  a  defined  space  can  be  critical  in  certain  industries.  patient  tracking,  capital  equipment  tracking,  behavioral  monitoring,  and  health  outcomes  are  all  ,  a  healthcare  service  provider  that  operates  15  hospitals  in  missouri  and  illinois,  places  rfid  tags  on  highvalue  medical  devices  to  provide  realtime  inventory  management  data.  previously,  the  process  of  tracking  inventory  was  different  at  every  hospitalsome  were  counting  it  manually  while  others  were  just  eyeballing  it.  medical  asset  tracking  has  helped  them
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reduce  the  amount  of  stock  each  facility  has  to  keep  on  hand  by  23  percent,  and  bjc  predicts  it  will  see  an  ongoing  hard  and  soft  savings  of  roughly  5  million  per  year  going  forward.  these  are  just  a  few  iiot  examples,  but  there  are  plenty  more  ways  businesses  are  leveraging  device  connectivity  to  solve  challenges.  in  the  next  chapter,  well  take  a  look  at  the  underlying  technology  of  the  industrial  iot.  the  underlying  technology  of  industrial  iot  solutions  varies  by  application,  but  in  general  can  be  categorized  into  three  areas:  lets  look  at  each  of  these  areas  in  detail.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sensor  data  is  most  of  the  iiot,  therefore  the  hardware  used  to  gather  and  collect  it  is  a  critical  component  of  the  system.  frontend  devices  like  sensors  and  control  devices  are  responsible  for  collecting  the  continuous  streams  of  data  and  acting  on  them;  they  must  be  reliable,  consistent,  and  accurate  if  you  hope  to  reap  the  benefits  of  your  iiot  investment.  as  noted  in  chapter  1,  many  industrial  settings  have  processes  for  collecting  data  already  in  place.  in  those  cases,  the  complexity  of  data  gathering  is  reduced  because  the  data  already  exists;  from  there,  its  a  matter  of  finding  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring way  to  hook  into  those  operational  technology  networks  and  pull  the  sensor  values  out.  if  those  data  collection  processes  are  not  already  in  place,  you  have  to  start  from  the  beginning:  what  hardware  will  you  need  to  take  the  desired  measurements?  choosing  a  sensor  is  not  a  trivial  matter;  there  are  both  mechanical  and  electrical  considerations.  for  example,  if  you  have  an  oil  pipeline  and  you  want  to  measure  the  temperature  of  a  coolant  flowing  from  one  area  to  another,  you  need  to  figure  out  mechanically  how  the  sensor  will  work.  will  you  strap  a  sensor  to  a  pipe,  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cut  into  the  pipe  and  insert  a  sensor  directly?  what  type  of  sensor  will  it  be?  how  will  it  be  housed,  wired,  and  powered?  designing  and  implementing  sensor  technology  can  quickly  become  a  big  issueand  thats  not  to  mention  the  complexities  of  actually  installing  and  maintaining  them.  there  are  a  lot  of  packaged  sensor  solutions  available;  the  more  readytouse  they  are  the  more  expensive  they  are.  depending  on  how  much  you  want  to  scale  up  the  solution,  you  could  just  buy  something  off  the  shelf.  and  are  two  iot  companies  that  specialize  in  packaged  sensors  and  promise  fast  and  easy
__label__machineconditionmonitoring deployment.  once  youve  collected  the  data,  you  need  a  way  to  transmit  it  to  the  cloud  and  your  iot  system  also  needs  a  way  to  receive  commands  from  the  cloud.  thats  where  connectivity  comes  in.  many  industrial  iot  solutions  rely  on  there  are  a  number  of  wireless  options  available,  including:  while  much  of  the  talk  around  industrial  iot  device  connectivity  focuses  on  wireless  connections,  are  not  uncommon.  if  your  use  case  enables  a  wired  connection,  it  could  be  a  less  expensive  option;  it  will  also  usually  be  more  reliable.  to  complete  your  system  you  need  industrial  iot  software  responsible  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring analyzing  the  collected  and  transmitted  data.  the  software  also  makes  decisions  and,  in  some  cases,  pushes  commands  back  to  controls  at  the  edge.  often  referred  to  as  an  industrial  iot  platform  ,  this  supporting  software  connects  the  edge  hardware,  access  points,  and  data  networks  to  other  parts  of  the  value  chain  which  are  generally  enduser  applications.  they  handle  ongoing  management  tasks  and  data  visualization.  you  can  think  of  industrial  iot  platforms  as  the  middleman  between  the  data  collected  at  the  edge  and  the  userfacing  saas  or  mobile  application.  while  you  may  get  lucky  and  find  a  company  whose  product  solves
__label__machineconditionmonitoring exactly  the  business  problem  you  need  it  to,  more  than  likely  there  wont  be  an  offtheshelf  iot  platform  that  matches  your  needs  perfectly.  many  of  the  solutions  available  are  simply  places  to  store  data  more  than  tools  for  doing  complex  industrial  iot  analytics  much  less  the  analytics  required  for  your  specific  use  case.  that  leaves  you  with  two  options:  either  buy  a  whole  solution  endtoend  with  hardware,  or  build  a  complete  solution  yourself.  its  clear  that  the  industrial  iot  holds  a  lot  of  promise,  but  bringing  it  to  fruition  isnt  easy.  for  most  companies,  creating  and  launching  an  iot  project
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  a  difficult,  timeconsuming  journeyand  an  experience  to  learn  from.  from  our  own  experience  that  may  not  be  so  obvious  to  teams  just  starting  to  create  iot  products.  so  you  may  not  want  to  go  it  alone.  this  final  chapter  in  our  industrial  iot  post  is  about  knowing  when  to  look  for  an  industrial  iot  company  to  partner  with,  and  how  to  find  the  right  one  for  you.  any  iiot  initiative  should  include  an  assessment  on  how  you  plan  to  proceed  with  the  project.  once  youve  identified  a  specific  business  problem  you  want  to  solve;  the  next  step  is  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring determine:  you  might  recall  research  presented  by  cisco  in  2017,  where  of  survey  respondents  said  their  iot  initiatives  looked  good  on  paper,  but  were  more  difficult  to  implement  than  they  expected.  the  study  also  found  that  the  most  successful  organizations  didnt  go  it  alone;  they  leveraged  partnerships  across  the  iot  ecosystem  to  combine  areas  of  expertise,  which  usually  led  to  a  better  end  product.  thats  not  to  say  that  its  impossible  to  build  an  iot  solution  yourself.  but  this  route  requires  having  skilled  iot  people  inhouse  who  are  knowledgeable  about  all  the  aspects  involved  in  developing  a  solutionincluding  everyone  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring mechanical  engineers  to  software  developers  to  networking  and  security  specialists  and  more.  not  to  mention  someone  to  navigate  the  lengthy  certifications  process.  if  you  are  thinking  of  developing  a  solution  on  your  own,  make  sure  your  organization  has  the  appetite  to  spend  the  requiredand  oftentimes  extraordinaryamounts  of  time  and  money  necessary  to  do  it  right.  keep  in  mind,  though,  that  even  developing  a  solution  with  a  partner  will  be  costly  and  complexbut  theres  a  greater  likelihood  that  the  end  project  will  be  considered  a  success.  depending  on  your  business  case,  there  may  already  be  an  industrial  iot  company  that  has
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  solution  for  your  exact  problem.  for  example,  if  you  need  to  do  asset  tracking  within  a  manufacturing  facility,  a  location  system  like  airfinder  is  a  full  solution;  in  that  case,  youre  partnering  with  just  one  company.  in  other  cases  you  may  need  to  work  with  multiple  iot  companies,  each  of  whom  contribute  one  or  more  pieces  of  a  solution.  a  cold  chain  monitoring  solution,  for  example,  might  include  a  sensor  from  one  company,  wireless  technology  from  another  company,  and  cloud  software  from  another.  for  example,  a  company  that  already  has  a  sophisticated  analytics  platform  and  a  solid  customerbase  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  core  industry  might  choose  to  use  symphony  link  as  the  lpwa  wireless  service  layer,  but  hire  a  contract  engineering  firm  to  integrate  a  specific  sensor  with  the  radio  module,  and  use  their  own  inhouse  analytics  platform  and  user  interface  for  their  customerfacing  portal.  not  every  company  has  the  right  rolodex  to  find  these  partners,  and  thats  where  iot  integrators  come  into  play.  integrators  pull  together  this  mix  of  hardware  and  software  companies,  and  any  other  necessary  technology  players,  on  your  behalfand  of  companies  utilizing  the  iot  are  strongly  involved  with  it  services  companies  and  consulting  firms.  organizations  sometimes  look
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  integrators  to  take  the  lead  when  numerous  iot  solutions  need  to  be  connected  and  work  as  a  whole.  with  all  the  iiot  companies  out  there,  finding  the  right  one  for  your  organization  and  your  use  case  can  be  a  challenge  in  and  of  itself.  for  any  company  youre  considering,  its  important  to  know  the  limits  of  what  they  can  and  cant  do,  and  what  theyre  good  at  and  not  good  at.  its  not  usually  the  case  that  a  company  can  build  a  complex  solution  endtoend  inhouse,  because  its  unlikely  theyll  have  the  expertise  needed  across  the  whole  development  cycle.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thats  why  integrators  are  in  businessso  they  can  pull  together  a  team  of  various  partners  and  vendors.  in  particular,  most  software  development  companies  dont  have  expertise  about  the  physical  side  of  iot  solutions,  things  like  sensors,  batteries,  weatherproofing,  and  wireless  technologiesso  beware  if  they  say  they  do.  those  components  represent  a  key  part  of  iot  systems;  theyre  also  where  a  lot  of  projects  struggle.  additionally,  a  lot  of  hardwarecentric  companies  are  often  used  to  working  with  other  oems,  and  not  the  end  customers,  so  they  may  not  understand  the  business  or  operational  problems  you  are  trying  to  solve,  or  understand
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  nontechnical  barriers  to  adoption.  while  integrators  can  be  helpful,  be  sure  you  are  not  just  choosing  a  brand  name.  while  this  may  be  the  natural  instinct  from  a  riskaversion  standpoint,  a  lot  of  bigger  consultancies  and  integrators  dont  have  that  much  experience  with  iiot  themselves,  and  end  up  bringing  smaller  firms  in  anyway  to  provide  domain  experience.  in  these  cases,  all  youre  getting  for  their  premium  cost  is  additional  overhead  on  your  project.  my  advice:  for  your  particular  project,  ,  make  sure  you  understand  all  the  components  involved  and  exactly  what  needs  to  be  done,  then  delegate  who  will
__label__machineconditionmonitoring handle  each  of  those  tasks.  doing  so  will  help  you  take  maximum  advantage  of  different  iot  companies  areas  of  expertise  and  create  a  clear  path  for  execution.  another  interesting  bit  from  that  cisco  study:  64  percent  of  those  surveyed  agreed  that  learnings  from  stalled  or  failed  iot  initiatives  helped  accelerate  their  organizations  investment  in  iotso  its  clearly  worth  the  effort.  having  had  been  involved  in  both  successful  and  failed  iot  projects,  can  help  you  make  your  iot  implementation  a  success,  ideally  without  having  to  learn  some  of  the  hard  lessons  yourself.  as  one  of  the  leading  innovators  in  low  power,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring widearea  network  technologies  for  internet  of  things  devices,  link  labs  excels  in  taking  a  concept  from  initial  hardware  design  all  the  way  through  the  delivery  of  a  commercial  product.  weve  done  so  for  dozens  of  enterprises  around  the  world.  if  youre  looking  for  help  designing  an  integrated  iot  solution  that  suits  your  business  requirements,  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court
__label__machineconditionmonitoring january  17,  2019  the  ,  also  known  as  iot,  has  been  growing  exponentially  over  the  last  decade.  in  just  a  few  years,  iot  usage  has  moved  from  simple  experiments  to  being  at  the  core  of  multiple  highscale  solutions.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  morgan  stanley  estimated  that  75  billion  devices  would  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020.  many  of  us  are  benefiting  from  iot  without  even  knowing  it.  whether  in  transportation,  manufacturing,  customer  service  or  else,  iot  is  everywhere  and  is  changing  the  world  for  better.  in  this  article,  we  will  pick  a  few  of  these  use  cases  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring explain  the  power  and  revolution  iot  has  brought  to  our  society.  despite  the  advancement  in  manufacturing  and  industrial  processing,  many  companies  are  still  forced  to  use  a  breakfix  model.  without  advanced  sensors  and  technology  included  on  missioncritical  equipment,  it  can  be  hard  to  tell  when  a  machine  is  about  to  fail.  these  failures  can  be  extremely  dangerous  to  workers,  if  the  machine  fails  catastrophically.  this  is  one  of  the  reasons  why  industrial  companies  ,  have  not  only  focused  efforts  around  worker  safety  and  preventive  maintenance,  but  also  begun  relying  on  iot  devices.  here  is  the  process.  note  that  these  sensors
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  be  recording  the  status  of  the  machinery  in  different  ways,  such  as:  temperature,  speed,  humidity,  etc.  also,  it  is  good  to  keep  in  mind  that  both  hardware  and  software  are  required  to  make  iot  a  reality.  a  connected  device  that  is  not  integrated  with  an  application  for  some  specific  purpose  is  useless.  the  benefits  are  instantaneous.  with  iot,  companies  are  able  to  collect  realtime  information  on  the  condition  of  their  equipment.  there  is  no  need  to  check  each  piece  of  equipment  individually.  these  manual  operations  that  are  not  only  timeconsuming,  but  also  difficult  or  sometimes  dangerous,  are  no  longer
__label__machineconditionmonitoring necessary.  the  crew  can  detect  anomalies  in  a  timely  fashion  and  actions  can  be  taken  to  immediately  remediate  the  situation.  actually,  remediation  can  even  be  automatized.  because  companies  can  better  monitor  their  equipment,  they  can  schedule  preventative  maintenance  based  on  data  gathered  by  iot  sensors.  when  the  application  processes  the  data,  it  is  able  to  detect  warning  signs.  this  way,  the  factory  engineers  can  plan  to  fix  failing  components  before  the  issue  becomes  worse.  the  integration  of  iot  in  the  manufacturing  and  industrial  ecosystem  helps  keep  workers  safe.  not  only  that,  it  increases  efficiency,  because  there  are  fewer  interruptions  due
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  machinery  failure.also,  because  there  are  less  incidents  and  consequently  less  outages,  every  plant  productivity  increases.  this  can  help  drop  prices  for  consumers  and  increase  profit  margins  for  industrial  companies  which  is  a  winwin.  a  few  examples  of  companies  offering  iot  solutions  for  the  manufacturing  industry  include  ,  ,  and  .  this  is,  perhaps,  one  of  the  most  famous  applications  of  iot  technology.  it  is  safe  to  say  that,  without  iot  and  strong  wireless  networks,  selfdriving  cars  would  be  completely  impossible.  indeed,  just  a  few  decades  ago,  the  concept  was  looked  on  as  a  science  fiction  case.  but  today,  there
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  more  companies  than  ever  exploring  selfdriving  cars.  the  potential  benefits  of  successful  research  from  companies  like  uber,  waymo,  ford,  and  dozens  of  other  companies  could  be  enormous.  we  have  seen  more  joint  deals  between  car  manufacturers  and  longtime  technology  companies,  but  there  are  also  technology  firms  joining  forces  together  such  as  .  and  more  efficient.  designers  of  future  cities  even  see  them  as  a  way  to  eliminate  parking  lots  and  structures,  creating  a  more  humanfriendly  environment.  it  remains  to  be  seen  when  selfdriving  cars  will  become  widespread  and  be  available  for  purchase.  they  may  be  available  to  the  public
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  soon  as  2020,  and  .  but  regardless  of  how  soon  they  are  adopted,  selfdriving  cars  remain  a  revolutionary  use  case  for  iot.  asset  tracking  is  one  of  the  most  powerful  use  cases  for  iot.  it  may  come  as  no  surprise  that  there  are  already  dozens  of  iot  products  and  software  companies  dedicated  to  tracking  assets,  ranging  from  cars,  ,  to  construction  equipment,  and  more.  while  gps  global  positioning  system  has  been  widely  used  over  the  years,  new  location  services  have  made  their  entrance  on  the  market.  connected  devices  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other,  which  makes  sensortosensor  communication
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  good  alternative  to  gps.  consequently,  anything  large  enough  to  have  an  iot  sensor  and  receiver  attached  can  be  tracked  instantly,  around  the  world.  the  location  of  things  allows  for  the  quick  and  easy  geolocation  of  fixed  and  mobile  assets.  moreover,  because  sensors  can  collect  more  information  than  the  simple  positioning,  iot  is  offering  further  data  that  can  be  leveraged,  such  as  speed  or  surrounding  temperature.  the  capabilities  become  endless.  with  more  data  collected,  companies  can  better  understand  when  and  how  issues  occur,  and  even  prevent  them.  for  instance,  by  knowing  the  temperature,  speed  and  nature  of  the  road,  some
__label__machineconditionmonitoring companies  can  decide  on  rerouting  a  truck.  for  delivery  companies,  improved  tracking  means  better  logistics,  less  delays,  and  less  incidents.  some  of  the  companies  leading  innovation  in  this  space  include  ,  ,  telecom  giant  and  numerous  others.  as  time  goes  on  and  iot  becomes  even  more  affordable,  iotbased  asset  tracking  and  monitoring  is  sure  to  become  even  more  common.  the  population  of  the  world  is  aging.  due  to  the  expanding  world  population  and  advances  in  medical  technology,  lifespans  are  getting  longer.  it  is  predicted  that  between  2015  and  2030,  by  56,  from  900  millions  to  1.5  billion.  one  potentially  revolutionary
__label__machineconditionmonitoring application  for  iot  may  be  for  athome  medical  care.  many  people  today  are  choosing  to  in  their  own  homes  rather  than  live  in  an  assisted  living  facility.and  while  athome  caregivers  are  useful  for  helping  elderly  individuals  who  are  aging  in  place,  they  cannot  always  be  on  alert,  24/7.  thats  where  the  comes  in.  sensors  placed  in  the  home  and  worn  by  elderly  individuals  can  monitor  their  environment.  a  heart  rate  monitor  could  detect  excessive  exertion,  a  gyroscope  could  detect  falls  and  alert  authorities,  and  other  devices  could  monitor  the  health  and  wellbeing  of  elderly  individuals.  companies  like  ,  ,  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  a  few  innovators,  focusing  on  wholehome  iot  for  senior  safety,  fall  prevention,  medication  reminders,  and  more.  as  the  population  continues  to  age,  were  sure  to  see  more  investment  in  smart  homes  for  athome  medical  care.  one  of  the  most  common  questions  about  the  internet  of  things  is  how  all  of  these  smart  solutions  will  be  powered,  and  the  answer  is  edge  computing.  while  iot  devices  can  collect  data,  they  are  not  designed  to  process  and  analyzed  it.  edge  computing  is  a  new  approach  to  computing  that  uses  edge  servers  smaller,  decentralized,  and  geographicallyclose  to  replace  and  support  data  centers.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring edge  servers  are  installed  just  a  few  hops  away  from  connected  devices,  so  data  can  be  quickly  collected  and  analyzed.  this  guarantees  low  latency  for  applications  and  high  data  processing  speeds  that  enable  innovations  like  selfdriving  cars.  if  youre  interested  in  building  an  iot  solution  with  a  platform  that  automate  the  deployment,  management  and  maintenance  of  iot  servers,  ormuco  is  the  perfect  partner  to  start  with.  our  ormuco  edge  solution  offers  you  to  manage  edge  workloads  through  a  unified  platform.  to  learn  more  about  ,  and  how  to  use  it  to  power  your  iot  use  cases,  please  or  feel  free
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  .  sadissas  passion  is  it  and  shes  dedicated  the  last  20  years  to  fulfilling  it.  she  joined  ormuco  as  marketing  manager  in  2018.  previous  next  our  mission  is  to  be  a  leader  in  the  deployment  of  edge  computing  as  the  preferred  solution  for  data  processing.  we  support  companies  in  building  popular,  highquality  offerings  delivered  as  a  service.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring among  the  many  iot  uses  cases,  many  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  some  technologies  are  inevitable,  even  if  what  we  eventually  take  for  granted  looks  a  bit  different  than  the  way  it  was  originally  conceived.  no  one  would  seriously  question  the  value  of  mobile  tech  today,  but  in  its  infancy  personal  digital  assistants  in  the  1990s  it  bore  little  resemblance  to  modern  smartphones  and  tablets  and  was,  at  the  time,  anything  but  a  sure  bet.  the  internet  of  things  is  another  great  example  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  tech  thats  unavoidably  becoming  an  essential  part  of  the  business  ecosystem.  ,  for  example,  estimates  that  the  iot  will  be  a  1.2  trillion  with  a  t  business  by  2022,  with  companies  of  all  sizes  investing  in  a  foundation  of  smart,  connected  devices  and  the  data  streams  they  provide.  of  course,  its  one  thing  to  know  you  need  to  invest  in  the  iot;  its  another  thing  to  know  the  smartest  play  for  your  business.  even  if  you  know  its  a  good  idea  to  it  increases  your  chances  for  an  early  roi  and  invests  more  people  in  the  success  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring program  you  will  need  to  choose  the  right  use  cases  for  your  business.  here  are  five  of  the  most  compelling  use  cases  in  iot  today.  software  developers  talk  about  killer  apps  an  application  so  transformative  that  it  gives  you  a  reason  to  invest  in  the  platform  that  the  app  lives  on.  spreadsheets  were  the  first  killer  app  and  sold  millions  of  early  pcs.  for  the  iot,  many  might  consider  automated  inventory  management  to  be  the  killer  app,  in  part  because  it  is  relevant  across  so  many  different  business  sectors.  imagine  a  network  of  sensors  that  can  track  not  just  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring location  of  every  product  in  your  supply  chain,  but  also  its  condition  is  your  refrigerated  produce  cool  enough  or  your  fragile  glass  goods  unbroken?.  you  can  know  how  many  items  are  on  the  shelf  and  where  those  shelves  are  within  the  store  or  warehouse,  for  that  matter.  youll  be  able  to  track  where  everything  is  in  the  supply  chain  and  automate  ordering,  processing,  and  transport.  another  compelling  use  case  for  iot  that  has  important  applications  in  of  a  vast  number  of  businesses  is  predictive  maintenance.  any  company  that  relies  on  hardware  manufacturing  equipment,  automated  kiosks,  transportation,  and  so  on  knows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  maintenance  is  a  significant  cost  center;  being  able  to  smartly  provide  predictive  and  preventative  maintenance  can  save  enormous  amounts  of  time  and  money.  iot  has  the  ability  to  identify  when  equipment  requires  maintenance  and  allow  you  to  deliver  it  just  in  time  not  too  soon,  racking  up  unneeded  costs  and  not  too  late,  resulting  in  downtime.  if  you  are  involved  in  manufacturing  or  production,  you  will  no  doubt  want  to  invest  in  tech  that  lets  your  systems  selfoptimize.  with  the  right  iot  tools  in  place,  your  gear  can  automatically  respond  to  all  the  other  equipment  in  a  workflow.  you
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  reduce  waste  and  streamline  the  time  and  resources  if  all  of  your  equipment  works  together  without  human  input.  in  the  healthcare  industry,  being  able  to  track  the  health  and  status  of  patients  is  its  own  holy  grail.  not  only  can  the  iot  keep  track  of  vitals  remotely,  but  with  the  right  sensors  it  can  ,  be  notified  about  falls  and  other  accidents,  remotely  and  automatically  track  recovery  and  healing  progress,  and  get  instant  alerts  when  there  is  a  critical  problem.  finally,  fleet  management  is  a  use  case  that  in  some  ways  combines  elements  of  inventory  management  with  optimized  production.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  the  right  vehicle  tracking  tools,  you  can  track  your  fleet  of  vehicles  delivery  trucks,  passenger  cars,  or  any  other  kind  of  vehicle  in  real  time.  you  can  let  automated  systems  make  smart  decisions  about  routing  vehicles  and  leverage  your  data  to  more  efficiently  maintain  and  repair  them  as  well.  you  can  use  the  information  for  better  routing  and  even  find  unexpected  ways  to  make  your  fleet  operate  more  efficiently  like  .  find  out  how  an  iot  platform  like  canopy  can  help  your  business  turn  a  use  case  from  an  idea  into  a  reality.  data  has  become  a  critical  resource
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  modern  businesses  the  fuel  that  drives  product  development,  sales,  marketing,  infrastructure,  human  resources,  and  a  thousand  other  aspects  of  corporate  success.  gains  in  connectivity  speeds  are  going  to  revolutionize  the  iot  and  let  us  take  for  granted  low  power,  long  distance  wireless  connectivity.  imagine  the  cost  savings  that  could  come  from  having  a  perfect  digital  copy  of  an  assembly  line  product  a  replica  that  isnt  just  about  dimensions  and  assembly  details,  but  also  reflects  materials,  lifetime  maintenance  data,  and  more.  indoor  positioning,  a  fastgrowing  branch  of  the  internet  of  things,  has  the  power  to  remap  the  way  we  think
__label__machineconditionmonitoring about  indoor  spaces.  executives  driving  ai  and  machine  learning  projects  will  need  to  pursue  several  tasks  in  order  to  successfully  adapt  this  transformational  technology.  its  a  tall  order  but  the  benefits  are  immense.  facilities  management  is  an  unforgiving,  challenging  job  with  myriad  demands  and  responsibilities.  thats  why  facilities  managers  should  be  keenly  interested  in  putting  iot  technology  to  work  in  their  buildings.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring what  is  the  industrial  iot,  or  iiot?  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  the  use  of  connected  smart  devices  in  industrial  applications  for  purposes  such  as  automation,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  the  iiot  is  a  more  robust  version  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot  which  is  the  realm  of  connected  devices  in  commercial  and  consumer  applications.  in  industrial  iot  use  cases,  smart  devices  may  be  deployed  in  construction  vehicles,  supply  chain  robotics,  solar  and  wind  power,  agricultural  sensor  systems,  smart  irrigation,  and  more.  these  iiot  applications  tend  to  have  one  thing  in  common:  they  are  are  deployed  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring challenging  environments.  there  are  light  industry  iiot  use  cases  such  as  meters,  and  heavy  industry  use  cases  such  as  conveyors  used  in  the  mining  industry,  where  devices  can  be  subject  to  a  wide  range  of  environmental  factors,  from  extreme  heat  and  cold  to  moisture  and  vibration.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  deploying  smart  machines  to  capture  and  move  data,  sense  changes  in  temperature,  flow  or  volume,  automate  procedures  for  efficiency,  accuracy  and  safety,  deliver  data  into  the  right  hands  for  analysis  and  decision  making,  and  ensure  that  all  of  those  processes  happen  on  time,  reliably  and  securely.  clicktotweet
__label__machineconditionmonitoring embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  the  use  of  smart  devices  has  rapidly  expanded,  and  today  with  the  enormous  growth  of  the  iot  and  iiot  trends  its  hard  to  find  an  industry  that  is  untouched  by  this  phenomenon.  this  leads  to  a  few  questions:  the  answer  to  the  first  question  is  that  the  iot  and  iiot  are  responding  to  inefficiencies,  lost  revenue,  and  a  need  for  organizations  to  work  smarter,  not  harder.  automation  can  create  unprecedented  improvements  and  efficiencies  that  simply  arent  possible  with  a  human  workforce.  this  is  not  to  say  that  humans  arent  necessary.  on  the  contrary,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring engineers,  application  developers,  data  scientists  and  workers  from  every  walk  of  life  are  needed  to  put  these  solutions  in  place  and  make  use  of  them.  as  a  simple  example,  consider  the  farm  worker  who  previously  had  to  drive  from  one  remote  corner  of  acreage  to  the  other  to  ensure  watering  systems  or  frost  fans  were  turned  on  at  the  correct  time.  today,  that  worker  can  check  on  systems  from  a  laptop,  ensure  everything  is  working  correctly  and  travel  only  to  the  location  that  actually  needs  servicing.  if  a  center  pivot  irrigation  system  has  rolled  off  course,  for  example,  the  worker
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  use  gps  to  quickly  identify  its  location  and  then  ensure  that  it  is  returned  to  the  correct  position.  in  other  words,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  improving  efficiency  and  accuracy  while  reducing  cost.  that  leads  to  an  answer  to  the  second  question.  the  impact  of  the  iiot  on  workers  and  jobs  is  that  it  makes  them  more  efficient  and  improves  productivity.  it  also  reduces  busy  work  and  the  likelihood  of  errors  in  tasks  such  as  data  logging,  that  are  better  handled  by  a  smart  device.  automated  sensing  and  data  gathering  from  dangerous  and  difficulttoreach  places  even  reduces
__label__machineconditionmonitoring risk  to  human  lives.  and  it  gets  the  right  data  to  the  right  place  for  evaluation  sooner.  when  an  employee  can  get  a  smart  phone  alert  that  a  tank  is  low  or  a  piece  of  equipment  needs  maintenance,  that  improves  the  likelihood  that  problems  can  be  solved  early,  before  they  become  more  expensive  or  catastrophic.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  get  insight  into  how  commercial  and  industrial  enterprises  use  iot  is  through  the  many  example  iiot  applications.  lets  take  a  spin  through  a  few  of  them.  predictive  maintenance  applications  seek  to  identify  when  a  critical  business  process  or  piece
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  equipment  is  at  risk  of  failure,  so  proactive  and  preventive  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  to  fix  problems  in  advance  and  thwart  downtime.  traditional  methods  can  be  very  expensive  and  workers  can  inadvertently  miss  indicators  that  equipment  is  experiencing  problems.  in  many  cases,  technicians  and  maintenance  workers  have  traditionally  had  to  travel  to  remote  sites  to  perform  manual  checks,  only  to  have  to  make  another  trip  with  a  work  order,  replacement  parts  or  batteries.  getting  an  alert  that  a  problem  is  developing  makes  it  possible  troubleshoot  and  fix  an  issue  with  one  truck  roll,  often  before  the  end  customer  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring even  aware  of  the  problem.  the  result  is  improved  maintenance  practices,  reduced  costs  and  enhanced  customer  satisfaction.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  iiot  predictive  maintenance  applications  across  industries.  in  the  following  predictive  maintenance  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  equipment  in  a  grain  elevator  and  sends  it  to  an  industrial  router,  which  then  delivers  that  data  to  cloudbased  applications  for  visibility  and  further  processing.  if  the  data  indicate  certain  conditions,  a  technician  can  see  that  in  online  application,  or  receive  alerts  from  an  application  such  as  digi  remote  manager.  the  technician  can  workthrough  a  troubleshooting  process  remotely  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring send  personnel  to  the  site  to  perform  the  required  maintenance.  remote  monitoring  is  at  the  center  of  many  industrial  applications,  because  it  is  traditionally  inefficient,  expensive  and  often  challenging  or  risky  to  keep  tabs  on  what  is  happening  with  equipment  out  in  the  field.  equipment  that  requires  monitoring  can  be  located  at  remote  outposts,  on  the  top  of  street  lighting,  inside  a  well  or  deep  in  a  mine,  making  it  not  only  impractical  to  regularly  monitor  that  asset,  but  also  expensive  and  risky.  the  following  are  just  some  of  the  many  examples  of  remote  monitoring  in  industrial  applications.  in  this
__label__machineconditionmonitoring remote  monitoring  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  an  industrial  tank  and  routes  it  through  an  embedded  processor  to  cloudbased  applications  for  monitoring,  alerts  and  adjustments.  automating  processes  that  would  otherwise  require  human  intervention,  truck  rolls,  or  inefficient  manual  labor  is  another  common  reason  for  deploying  connected  applications  in  the  industrial  space.  the  range  of  use  cases  is  vast,  but  the  reasons  for  putting  these  industrial  internet  of  things  processes  in  place  again  come  down  to  a  few  key  driving  factors:  efficiency,  cost  reduction  and  reduced  risk.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  automation  in  the  iiot.  in  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring following  process  automation  example,  soil  sensors  collect  data,  which  is  routed  by  a  digi  xbee  module  with  micropython  to  a  digi  xbee  industrial  gateway,  and  then  to  cloudbased  remote  monitoring  and  control  applications.  one  of  these  applications  automatically  launches  processes,  while  another  allows  network  managers  or  administrators  to  ensure  all  devices  and  processes  are  working  as  expected.launches  there  are  many  things  to  consider  when  evaluating  the  right  devices  and  setup  for  your  industrial  iot  application.  these  include  questions  around  the  distance  over  which  your  iiot  devices  will  need  to  transmit  data  as  well  as  the  frequency  of  data  submission,  whether
__label__machineconditionmonitoring rf  or  cellular  technology  is  appropriate  for  your  application,  and  many  other  decisions  that  impact  the  overall  planning,  deployment,  scalability  and  management  of  your  project  and  that  ultimately  affect  your  total  cost  of  ownership.  we  will  cover  a  few  of  the  things  to  consideras  you  prepare  to  design,  build  out  and  deploy  your  project.  if  you  have  questions  or  are  ready  to  evaluate  solutions,  digi  team  members  can  partner  with  you  to  perform  a  full  evaluation  of  your  application  needs.  and  digi  design  and  engineering  teams  are  also  available  for  any  level  of  support  in  developing  your  iiot  appliation.  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring start  that  conversation.  .  if  you  develop  a  product  for  an  application  such  as  a  city  bicycle  ride  share  service,  for  example,  the  application  may  not  technically  be  considered  an  industrial  application,  but  its  requirements  are  similar  as  it  will  need  to  be  able  to  handle  jarring  movement,  temperature  changes  and  moisture.  some  types  of  devices  can  handle  challenging  environmental  factors,  and  some  are  less  suitable.  so  it  is  critical  to  evaluate  the  robustness  of  a  product  and  whether  it  is  designed  for  the  intended  application.  there  are  many  lowcost  modules  that  are  excellent  for  rapid  prototyping  and  for  student
__label__machineconditionmonitoring projects,  such  as  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  attractive  cost  is  a  good  reason  to  use  these  products  in  initial  phases.  but  you  will  want  an  industrialrated  product  designed  for  longterm  viability  in  demanding  environments  when  seeking  products  that  are  suitable  for  iiot  applications.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  some  of  the  factors  to  evaluate  in  a  product  include:  starting  with  a  prototyping  tool  is  a  great  way  to  prove  a  concept;  but  when  you  are  ready  to  go  the  field  with  deployed  devices,  be  sure  to  select  industrial  rated  devices.  traditional  maintenance  methods  of  sending  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring truck  out  to  the  field  to  monitor  or  manage  equipment  quickly  becomes  impractical  and  costly  when  you  have  dozens,  or  hundreds,  or  even  thousands  of  devices  to  maintain.  just  like  your  cell  phone,  which  has  firmware  upgrades  that  are  pushed  out  it  regularly,  devices  have  firmware  updates  and  security  patches  that  must  be  sent  to  each  of  the  devices  in  your  iiot  network  to  keep  those  devices  uptodate  and  secure.  a  remote  management  solution  allows  you  to  send  bug  fixes  and  feature  enhancements  to  all  of  your  devices  in  the  field,  regardless  of  the  size  of  your  network.  to  implement
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  remote  management  strategy,  look  for  a  solution  thatwill  enable  you  to  perform  remote  firmware  upgrades,  device  connectivity,  and  remote  diagnostics  from  anywhere,  using  a  smart  device.  for  example,  is  a  cloudbased  solution  that  provides  these  capabilities  and  more,  enabling  you  to  set  alerts  for  a  range  of  conditions,  download  files,  and  automatically  monitor  device  configurations  and  reset  them  to  the  correct  version  in  the  event  of  tampering.  putting  a  remote  management  systemin  place  is  highly  economical  compared  with  the  cost  of  sending  a  bucket  truck  to  manually  upgrade  the  firmware  on  a  device  mounted  on  a  sign  or  street
__label__machineconditionmonitoring light,  and  enables  your  network  manager  to  keep  tabs  on  all  of  devices,  regardless  of  how  many  devices  you  have  in  your  network  or  where  they  are  in  the  world.  the  evaluation  and  decision  making  that  go  into  the  development  and  deployment  of  an  iiot  application  can  be  daunting.  digi  can  support  your  quest  to  identify  the  right  solution  for  your  needs  at  any  point  along  the  way,  from  initial  project  scoping  to  complete  engineering  and  certification  services.  whether  you  want  to  demonstrate  the  roi  of  a  new  product  or  need  to  meet  a  strict  deadline  for  compliance  or  market
__label__machineconditionmonitoring pressures,  digi  can  partner  with  you  to  achieve  those  goals.  time  to  market  can  be  especially  critical  when  there  is  a  shortlived  window  of  opportunity  to  get  ahead  of  competition.  working  with  a  company  that  has  proven  professional  consulting  and  engineering  support  not  only  gives  you  the  assurance  that  you  can  meet  deadlines  and  launch  dates,  but  also  helps  you  complete  design  reviews  and  get  certification  assistance  when  your  resources  stretched  thin.  to  evaluate  options.  comments  are  closed.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  term  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  has  been  making  waves  in  the  industrial,  commercial,  manufacturing  and  consumer  markets  over  the  past  years  since  the  concept  was  formerly  introduced  in  2012  by  the  the  global  standards  initiative  on  internet  of  things  iotgsi.  coined  as  a  term  for  computing  devices  that  can  perceive  the  world  without  relying  on  humans  for  data  input,  the  internet  of  things  iot  concept  promises  a  world  of  seamlessly  interconnected  devices  communicating  together  to  process  new  insights  and  autonomous  actions.  along  with  the  internet  of  things;  terms  such  as  internet  to  machine,  internet  of  everything  ioe,  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  to  machine  m2m  are  also  often  used  to  describe  the  relationships  of  these  interconnected  sensors  and  machines.  with  all  the  terms  being  interchangeably  and  sometimes  misused  it  can  be  hard  to  pinpoint  the  what  it  all  really  means.  essentially  the  underlying  concept  of  behind  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  to  integrate  physical  devices  to  communicate  with  each  other,  be  controlled  remotely  through  the  internet  or  be  programmed  for  autonomous  actions  based  on  predefined  triggers  or  conditions  from  other  connected  devices  such  as  sensors.  although  the  terms  are  relatively  new,  this  way  of  thinking  and  managing  operations  have  been
__label__machineconditionmonitoring around  much  longer.  the  internet  of  things  iot  could  not  exist  without  smart  sensors;  sensors  provide  the  data  relative  to  the  physical  world  which  allow  machine  systems  to  sense  and  react  to  specific  conditions.  this  data  is  central  to  the  iot  paradigm:  from  primary  sensor  data  directly  related  to  the  physical  world,  to  processed  data  that  adds  insights  to  processes  and  autonomous  control.  enviromon  provides  affordable,  easytouse,  easytoconfigure  iot  sensor  solutions  which  can  be  deployed  to  make  operations  management  and  control  significantly  easier  and  more  convenient  for  operators  and  can  also  offer  significant  financial  advantages  for  businesses  by  reducing  time,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring labour  and  energy  costs  of  many  manufacturing  and  operations  processes.  for  iot  to  truly  provide  its  full  value,  sensors  and  equipment  need  to  communicate  on  the  same  systems  and  provide  the  ability  to  connect  data  to  action  and  control.  our  base  units  provide  a  centralized  platform  for  operations  and  facility  management  teams  to  monitor  sensor  conditions  and  configure  alerts  based  on  thresholds.  in  addition  to  collecting  environmental  sensor  data,  our  base  units  are  capable  of  integrating  data  from  equipment  such  as  generators,  crac  systems,  ups  power  supplies  and  other  equipment  directly  by  polling  these  snmpenabled  devices  or  using  dry  contact
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connections  or  indirectly  by  integrating  smart  sensors  to  collect  key  information.  all  information  collected  is  easily  viewed  within  the  web  interface  and  alert  thresholds  can  be  defined  for  any  connected  devices.  the  growing  use  of  smart  technology  is  already  transforming  how  manufacturers,  food  producers,  and  utilities  are  implementing  their  processes  and  controls.  sensors  are  able  to  provide  data  to  automated  systems  that  are  able  to  streamline  processes  using  analytics  and  interconnectivity  to  maximize  efficiency  and  develop  new  processes  that  were  previously  thought  not  to  be  possible.  for  large  and  existing  infrastructure  management  systems  our  base  units  can  be  used  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring rtu  devices  onsite  and  to  provide  sensor  data  to  industry  control  systems  and  network  monitoring  software  located  in  a  centralized  location.  enviromon  provides  several  types  of  smart  sensors  for  monitoring  environmental  conditions.  once  connected  to  the  base  unit  sensors  are  automatically  recognized  and  start  collecting  data.  the  sensor  data  can  be  configured  to  be  used  to  trigger  alerts  once  predefined  thresholds  are  met,  or  be  used  to  provide  data  to  additional  equipment.  in  combination  with  our  base  units,  can  beconnected  along  with  motion  detection  sensors  and  door  contact  sensors  to  provide  visual  monitoring  anytime  someone  enters  the  room.  can  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring used  to  provide  temperature  and  humidity  data  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  other  integrated  systems  such  as  air  conditioners,  fans,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  can  monitor  a  room  for  the  presence  of  airflow  to  ensure  air  is  circulating  properly  or  to  ensure  hvac  or  crac  systems  are  turned  on.  can  monitor  equipment  and  rooms  for  water  leakages  and  alert  key  personnel  to  the  area  of  the  leakage  to  prevent  further  damages  and  flooding.  voltage  sensors  can  be  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  nonpresence  of  electrical  current  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  backup  power  systems,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring emergency  lighting,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  remote  sensor  controlled  relay  switches  can  be  used  to  control  the  electrical  power  to  devices  remotely  over  the  internet  manually  or  in  conjunction  with  predefined  triggers  from  other  sensors  or  equipment.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  begin  mailchimp  signup  form  end  mcembedsignup  monitors  sensors  solutions  company  support  2017  enviromon.net  connect  with  us  on  ,  ,  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  technology  pundits  are  often  given  to  hyperbole,  but  when  they  claim  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  everything  ,  they  may  have  a  point.  at  least,  the  iot  is  being  used  in  just  about  everything  you  can  think  of,  from  deeply  geeky  applications  such  as  industrial  sensors  to  frivolous  gimmicks  like  wifi  enabled  toothbrushes.  dont  believe  me?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  many,  many
__label__machineconditionmonitoring different  iot  use  cases  that  people  are  actually  usingor  at  least  testing.  iot  is  the  key  concept  powering  wearables  from  fitness  trackers  to  smartwatches,  but  keeping  weekend  warriors  fit  is  only  the  beginning.  to  push  their  performance  parameters.  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum,  iot  can  .  monitoring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  for  example,  and  even  automatically  alerting  emergency  personnel  when  they  detect  problematic  readingsor  to  send  help  when  an  elderly  person  has  fallen  and  cant  get  up.  down  the  road,  smart  pills  promise  to  share  diagnostic  information  from  inside  the  body.  connected  cars  are  using  iot  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connect  everything  from  engine  diagnostics  to  gps  data  and  infotainment  systems.  inexpensive,  lowpower  iot  devices  track  location  information  for  all  kinds  of  items,  in  warehouses,  shipping  depots  and  in  transit,  not  to  mention  monitoring  temperature,  vibration  and  container  openings  for  quality  control  and  insurance  purposesespecially  of  valuable  or  dangerous  items,  such  as  drugs  or  jewelry  but  not  firearms,  at  least  in  the  united  states.  the  technology  is  even  being  used  to  detect  storage  incompatibilities,  delivering  alerts  when  flammable  goods  are  stored  near  explosive  materials.  connected  devices  include  tvs,  refrigerators,  lights,  thermostats,  smoke  detectors  and  other  sensors,  security  systems  and  much
__label__machineconditionmonitoring more.  hotels  have  long  pioneered  using  iot  for  room  keys,  and  .  farmers  are  using  iot  to  track  equipment  location  and  performance,  and  increasingly  .  iot  sensors  are  also  determining  soil  moisture  levels  to  control  irrigation  systems  and  minimize  water  consumption.  vintners  even  use  iot  to  track  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  better  understand  grapevine  health  and  sugar  levels  in  grapes.  its  even  showing  up  to  track  air  quality  and  toxic  gas  levels  in  barns  and  hen  houses  as  well  as  humidity  and  temperature  in  compost  operations  to  minimize  fungus  and  other  contaminants.  iot  is  being  used  in  golf  courses
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  ball  fields  to  control  selective  irrigation.  far  beyond  home  security  cameras,  iot  is  also  detecting  activity  in  restricted  areas.  nobody  wants  a  flooded  data  center,  and  iot  is  being  used  to  check  for  liquid  detection  in  technology  facilities,  warehouses  and  other  highvalue  areas.  beyond  that,  iot  is  also  being  used  in  the  power  and  mining  industries  to  monitor  radiation  levels  and  poisonous  or  explosive  gases.  want  to  make  sure  there  are  ?  iot  is  there  to  help.  instead  of  basing  premiums  on  group  risk  factors,  such  as  age  or  driving  experience,  based  on  mileage  and  actual  driving  habits.  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  a  key  factor  in  smart  lighting  grids  and  more  efficient  transportation  and  parking  systems,  including  smart  traffic  lights  that  adapt  to  traffic  conditions  in  real  time.  they  can  even  be  configured  to  allow  emergency  responders  and  medical  teams  to  synchronize  with  traffic  lights  to  speed  access  to  critical  locationor  to  change  the  lights  so  cars  dont  have  to  wait  when  theres  no  other  traffic.  utility  companies,  meanwhile,  are  moving  past  smart  meters  to  leverage  iot  to  enable  ondemand  trash  pickup.  iot  is  especially  useful  for  figuring  out  when  maintenance  is  needed  for  all  kinds  of  highvalue  equipment,  from  servers
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  power  plants  to  giant  construction  equipment  to  aircraft  and  military  hardware.  the  connection  between  ai  and  iot  may  not  be  immediately  obvious,  but  .  on  the  one  hand,  iot  sensors  let  ai  systems  experience  their  environment  directly.  on  the  other  hand,  ai  and  machine  learning  make  it  possible  to  glean  actionable  insights  from  the  vast  arrays  iot  devices  spewing  out  more  data  than  humans  can  easily  make  sense  of.  the  uses  for  iot  are  practically  limitless,  and  new  applications  are  being  developed  all  the  time.  along  with  the  incredible  opportunity,  of  course,  come  challenges  in  optimizing  a  technology  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reaches  deeply  into  so  many  aspects  of  our  businessesand  our  lives.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__machineconditionmonitoring according  to  cisco,  the  total  number  of  connected  devices  worldwide  will  rise  from  15  billion  to  50  billion  by  2020.  the  proliferation  of  iot  attracts  me  to  explore  it  more.  in  my  previous  blogs,  i  have  shared  with  you  all  a  general  overview  ofiot,  followed  by  its  security  threats  and  some  real  time  implementation.  today,  its  time  to  list  down  the  top  100  iot  use  cases  that  may  be  implemented  on  real  time.  check  out  use  casesiot  in  retailfor  more  information  inventory  management:management  of  warehouse  and  pharmacy  inventory  through  erp  integration  if  youd  like  us  to  contact  you,  please  fill
__label__machineconditionmonitoring finding  use  cases  or  scenarios  where  it  can  be  used  to  improve  operations.  iot  is  expected  to  bring  value  to  an  organization  in  one  of  the  following  ways:  use  cases  or  applications  for  iot  in  asset  intensive  industries  such  as  mining,  oil  gas,  energy  utilities  and  manufacturing  differ  from  applications  in  finance  or  healthcare  amongst  others.  asset  intensive  industries  often  have  large,  complex  equipment  units  such  as  sag  mills,  offshore  platforms,  massive  haul  trucks  or  processing  plants  with  pumps,  heat  exchangers,  mixers  etc.  even  though  it  may  be  the  same  type  of  equipment  used  in  different  applications,  it  will  operate
__label__machineconditionmonitoring differently  and  have  its  own  asset  performance  characteristics  based  on  how  and  where  it  is  used.  for  this  reason,  use  cases  or  scenarios  for  iot  in  these  asset  intensive  industries  will  differ  almost  on  a  case  by  case  basis.  industrial  iot  is  not  like  buying  a  marketing  automation  platform  or  crm  where  the  application  and  use  cases  are  similar  across  most  industries.  there  is  no  single  use  case  or  scenario  that  solves  all  asset  performance  problems.  we  often  hear,  this  is  great,  do  you  have  a  solution  for:  the  good  news  is  that  in  working  with  a  number  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring largest  asset  intensive  companies  in  the  world,  we  discovered  the  3  industrial  iot  patterns  that  describe  most  of  their  scenarios  or  use  cases.  it  revolves  around  the  problem  that  they  want  to  solve,  where  they  are  in  their  journey  and  what  the  level  of  their  iot  readiness  is.  even  though  the  end  goal  of  most  organizations  is  to  have  predictive  and  prescriptive  maintenance  and  operations,  almost  all  start  the  iot  journey  with  condition  monitoring.  this  requires  integration  to  frontend  iot  and  ot  data  from  a  range  of  data  sources.  once  the  data  is  combined  and  accessible  in  a  data  stream,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring basic  analytics  and  business  rules  can  be  applied  to  find  exceptions  or  thresholds  that  are  exceeded.  a  typical  example  would  be  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  vibration  on  a  bearing  and  create  an  exception  when  either  the  vibration  or  temperature  goes  above  a  set  limit.  this  would  then  trigger  an  action  to  respond  to  this  exception  in  a  timely  manner.  the  action  could  be  as  simple  as  an  sms  or  email  or  as  advanced  as  the  automatic  creation  of  a  work  order  in  an  eam  system.  it  could  also  be  a  custom  workflow  application  that  is  specific  to  the  equipment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring or  problem  type.  most  companies  can  start  with  condition  monitoring  use  cases  with  low  investment  of  resources  and  cost.  solutions  can  be  built  in  a  matter  of  days  and  deliver  advanced  decision  support  quickly.  the  roi  is  quick  and  with  xmpros  data  stream  designer  endusers  such  as  engineers  can  create  new  scenarios  use  cases  quickly  and  in  an  iterative  and  agile  way  to  respond  to  continuous  intelligence  requirements  as  they  emerge.  it  is  not  uncommon  for  a  reliability  engineer  to  create  1015  data  streams  to  monitor  key  assets.  previously,  these  solutions  would  have  to  be  custom  coded.  the  solutions  would
__label__machineconditionmonitoring not  only  be  costly  to  create  but  they  would  also  be  outdated  when  completed,  as  plant  conditions  may  have  changed.  condition  monitoring  may  not  be  as  sophisticated  as  predictive  use  cases,  but  it  often  delivers  significant  savings  or  opportunities  that  prove  the  value  of  industrial  iot  applications  to  the  executives  of  organizations  that  are  traditionally  conservative  and  dont  want  to  be  leading  edge.  examples  include  monitoring  mobile  assets  haul  trucks  etc.  processing  plants,  supply  chains,  long,  high  volume  conveyor  systems,  rotating  equipment  etc.  the  second  pattern  that  we  found  in  industrial  iot  scenarios  is  where  companies  add  predictive  capability  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  condition  monitoring  pattern.  it  still  brings  data  from  a  multitude  of  sources,  but  it  extends  the  analytics  with  predictive  and  prescriptive  capabilities.  organizations  wirein  ai  and  machine  learning  models  into  the  data  streams  to  predict  failure  and  operational  status  based  on  realtime  data.  xmpros  data  streams  provide  a  vehicle  to  weaponize  ai  and  integrate  it  with  the  business  workflows  to  change  the  way  operators  respond  to  potential  failures.  it  acts  as  a  realtime  recommendation  engine.  by  adding  xmpros  workflowbased  action  hub  with  business  rules  and  humantohuman  workflow  it  turns  the  predictive  solution  into  a  prescriptive  solution  with  best  next
__label__machineconditionmonitoring actions  and  skillsbased  routing.  xmpro  supports  most  predictive  analytics  platforms  and  all  the  model  types,  ranging  from  multivariate  anomaly  detection  through  to  regression,  neural  networks  and  other  deep  learning  approaches.  examples  includes  predictive  maintenance,  predictive  quality  and  predictive  operations.  asset  portfolio  management  is  a  pattern  that  combines  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  operations  across  a  portfolio  of  assets.  it  provides  an  oee  overall  equipment  effectiveness  measure  for  a  collection  of  assets.  it  leverages  the  capability  of  monitoring  and  in  some  cases  predicting  for  applications  where  the  business  requirement  has  moved  beyond  managing  single  assets  to  the  performance  of  a  collection  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring assets.  examples  includes  a  fleet  of  mobile  assets  to  prioritize  maintenance,  predicting  which  wells  are  declining  on  an  oil  field  or  where  in  a  continuous  product  process  a  bottleneck  is  likely  to  occur  that  will  impact  the  throughput.  most  of  the  other  scenarios  and  use  cases  that  we  see  are  based  on  the  3  patterns  described  above.  an  intelligent  supply  chain  track  trace  solution  with  a  blockchain  smart  contract  is  based  on  the  condition  monitoring  pattern  where  the  actions  now  include  iot  data  appended  to  a  blockchain  and  instead  of  creating  a  work  order,  we  now  pass  the  oraclized  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  to  a  distributed  ledgerbased  smart  contract.  if  we  build  some  predictive  capabilities  into  the  supply  chain  solution  to  predict  demand  for  example,  it  now  follows  a  predictive  operations  pattern.  the  underlying  technology  traditional  or  emerging  does  not  change  the  business  objective  of  a  solution:  which  pattern  does  your  use  case  or  business  problem  follow?  enter  your  details  below  to  get  our  latest  content  first  xmpro  will  use  the  information  you  provide  on  this  form  to  send  you  updates  and  marketing.  you  can  change  your  mind  at  any  time  by  clicking  the  unsubscribe  link  in  any  email  from  us.  read
__label__machineconditionmonitoring our  for  more  on  our  privacy  practices.  we  use  mailchimp  as  our  marketing  automation  platform.  the  information  you  provide  will  be  transferred  to  mailchimp  for  processing  in  accordance  with  their  and  .  by  clicking  below,  you  agree  that  we  may  process  your  information  in  accordance  with  these  terms.  2019  xmpro.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring telia  removes  barriers  for  smart  grids  by  enabling  massive  cellular  iot  for  millions  of  smart  meters.  regional  mobile  operators  in  asia  pacific  unite  to  build  a  unified  platform  for  enterprises  to  access  the  global  iot  ecosystem.  china  telecom  enables  400  and  counting  enterprises  to  deploy,  control  and  scale  iot  device  management  with  more  than  10  million  provisioned  connections.  coveted  car  brand,  borgward,  uses  orange  connectivity  management  to  revolutionize  its  entry  into  new  regions  and  offer  global  connected  car  services.  driving  innovation  in  water  technology  with  global  connectivity  delivered  from  iot  accelerator,  grundfos  can  now  deliver  valuable  actionable  insights  to  their
__label__machineconditionmonitoring customers.  in  china,  we  connected  the  worlds  first  iot  factoryautomating  and  streamlining  production,  showing  the  benefits  that  massive  iot  are  worth  investing  in.  getting  connected  healthcare  devices  on  the  global  market  requires  an  ecosystem  of  operator  and  enterprise  partners.  ericsson  and  lynk  co  are  collaborating  on  a  cloudbased  solution  with  endless  opportunities  to  personalize,  enrich  and  expand  the  automobile  experience.  ericssons  connected  mangroves  project,  combines  cloud,  machinetomachine  and  mobile  broadband  to  help  the  local  community  in  selangor,  malaysia,  to  better  manage  the  growth  of  new  mangrove  saplings.  the  smart  manufacturing  project  is  enabling  martin  friis  and  his  team  at  skfs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring worldclass  factory  to  radically  transform  manufacturing,  and  provide  competitive  advantage  by  introducing  fundamental  changes  to  the  way  industries  operate.  we  engage  and  embrace  open  iot  ecosystems  with  our  cellular  knowledge  and  capabilities,  to  make  iot  easy  to  adopt,  use  and  scale  ericsson  are  proud  to  provide  services  and  technology  that  help  make  industry  and  technology  collaborations  work.  ericsson  is  one  of  the  key  partners  of  drive  sweden  a  strategic  innovation  program  launched  by  the  swedish  government  that  gathers  the  best  in  the  area  from  all  sectors  of  society.  do  you  have  an  iot  challenge  that  youd  like  to  discuss?were  here
__label__machineconditionmonitoring decades  ago,  the  idea  of  embedding  sensors  and  chips  into  physical  objects  would  sound  insane  and  impossible.  however,  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things  it  became  real.  this  technology  has  grown  into  the  prime  concept  for  many  businesses  within  a  short  span  of  time.  the  internet  of  things  has  considerably  changed  some  aspects  of  our  everyday  life  like  driving,  cooking,  purchasing,  manufacturing  etc.  numerous  iot  devices  are  springing  up  nowadays.  consequently,  the  number  of  iotactive  devicesexcluding  smartphones,  tablets,  laptopsis  likely  moreover,  the  number  of  internet  of  things  units  in  different  industries  will  come  to  speaking  in  numbers,  the  exposure  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  is  quite  impressive:  many  worldwide  enterprises  have  successfully  integrated  iot  tools  into  their  infrastructures.  it  allows  them  to  optimize  the  production  process,  reduce  delivery  time,  and  lower  the  expenditures.  all  this  makes  the  iot  market  share  boost  exponentially  over  the  next  few  years.  and  while  idc  reports  the  iot  footprint  is  expected  to  grow  up  to  ,  statista,  by  way  of  contrast,  is  confident  its  economic  impact  may  be  between  he  internet  of  things  in  manufacturing  is  beneficial  both  for  the  producers  and  for  their  target  customers.  industrial  iot  enables  manufacturers  to  scale  up  different  equipmentcapable  of  distantobservingand  servicing.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thus,  companies  can  have  a  proper  estimation  of  customers  needs.  manufacturing  as  one  of  the  industries  is  taking  up  the  prospects  of  the  internet  of  things.many  plants  are  already  utilizing  connected  control  systemsfor  procession  and  supervision.  the  main  benefits  of  iot  solutions  are  as  follows:  70  of  companies  sure  that  iot  implementation  can  reduce  costs  and  improve  products.  currently,  many  iot  projects  are  related  to  such  issues  as  smart  factory,  facility  and  asset  management,  security  and  operations,  logistics,  customer  servicing.  which  is  why,  .  so,  lets  take  a  deep  dive  into  the  best  iot  examples  in  manufacturing.  through  connecting  iotdriven
__label__machineconditionmonitoring gadgets  that  have  different  sensor  points  temperatures,  vibration,  voltages,  currents,  etc.  to  other  devices,ifttt,  cloud/api  or  legacy  systemsmanufacturers  can  obtain  essential  maintenance  data.  this  kind  of  information  allows  to  estimate  the  current  conditionof  machinery,  determine  warning  signs,  transmitalerts  and  activate  corresponding  repair  processes.  this  way  iot  transforms  maintenance  into  a  fastpacedand  automated  practice,  which  foresees  a  failure  long  time  in  advance.  moreover,  it  fosters  costssavings  over  traditional  preventive  measures  as  the  actions  are  taken  exactly  when  they  are  necessary  and  needed.  gettingvalid  data  intime,  assist  managersindetecting  plant  machinery  that  needs  fixing.  besides,  it  helps  plan  maintenance  operations  thoroughlyand  hold  systems
__label__machineconditionmonitoring online  as  workers  are  still  performing  thetask.iot  may  prolong  equipment  lifetime,  contribute  to  plant  safety  and  lower  the  risks  of  accidents  that  affect  the  environmentnegatively.  in  practical  terms,  iot  can  immensely  improve  your  companys  predictive  repairing/maintenance  capabilities.  for  instance,  one  of  the  leading  international  manufacturers  of  medical  equipment,  medivators,  successfully  integrated  iot  solutions  across  their  worldwide  services  of  the  service  events  and  issues  that  can  be  easily  controlled  and  if  there  is  a  case  fixed  without  any  additional  manpower  resources  involved.  reallocating  your  companys  computational  resources  to  a  custom  cloud  or  connecting  the  device  to  one  of  the  popular  baas
__label__machineconditionmonitoring backend  as  a  service  or  paas  platform  as  a  service  cloud  computing  models,  you  can  collect  and  analyze  the  largescale  data  sets  necessary  for  supervising  various  field  devices  like  switches,  valves,  and  other  indication  elements.  thanks  to  iot  this  data  is  transmitted  to  the  industrial  automation  system  that  ensures  an  overall  control  of  machinery  amid  production  process.  telecommunications,  oil  and  gas  industries,  as  well  as  power  generation,  have  been  already  reaping  the  benefits  from  iot  devices  implanted  into  distant  control  systems.  the  most  prominent  feature  of  remote  production  control  in  industrial  automation  systems  is  the  centralized  supervision  over  the  machinery
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  process  of  production.information  obtained  through  distant  control  provides  a  much  clearer  and  faster  insight  into  the  actual  production  field.  it  gives  assistance  to  the  staff  in  analyzing  the  enterprise  data.  all  this  makes  the  iot  technology  be  a  core  instrument  in  ensuring  safe  automated  production,  monitoring  the  workers,  tracking  the  personnel  location.  more  and  more  manufacturing  enterprises  tend  to  implement  asset  practices.  iot  technology  combined  with  the  development  of  native  web  and  mobile  apps  for  ios  or  android  makes  it  possible  to  obtain  realtime  asset  information  and  make  reasonable  decisions.  the  major  task  of  tracking  lies  in  discovering
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  overseeing  such  crucial  assets  as  the  components  of  the  supply  chain  raw  materials,  containers,  and  finished  goods.  such  applications  can  drastically  optimize  logistics,  maintain  stocks  of  work  in  progress,  and  disclose  thefts  and  violations.  iotbased  asset  tracking  helps  the  producers  calculate  the  usage  of  movable  equipment  elements  and  initiate  measures  to  shorten  idle  period  and  enhance  utilization.  enterprises  that  depend  greatly  on  transportation  can  also  benefit  from  iotledinterconnection  between  various  devices  and  systems.  iot  can  reveal  supply  chain  inefficiencies  by  eliminating  blind  spots  from  logistics  processes.  managing  the  automotive  fleet  via  iotdriven  devices  helps  manufacturers  eliminate  or  put  down
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  risks  concerning  the  costs  related  to  vehicles,  staff  and  transportation.  autonomous  fleet  solutions  contribute  to  the  greater  efficiency  of  the  company.  logistics  managers  make  good  use  of  leveraging  iot  when  it  comes  to  repairs  and  fuel  expenditures.  they  optimize  their  tasks  that  cover  monitoring  fuel  costs,  smart  deliveries,  diagnostics,  and  drivers.  additionally,  a  realtime  overlook  of  driver  and  vehicle  performance  aids  to  raise  technicians  safety,  bring  down  inventory  damage  and  reduce  insurance  payments.  applying  the  iot  approach,  known  as  digital  twins,  lets  businesses  create  and  enjoy  the  robust  digital  copies  of  the  physical  objects  manufactured  by  a  company.  when
__label__machineconditionmonitoring empowered  with  iot,  a  poc  proof  of  concept,  an  mvp  minimum  viable  product  or  a  look  and  feel  prototype  turn  to  be  so  accurate  that  you  can  easily  experiment  and  foresee  their  functionality  as  well  as  initial  and  final  operational  capabilities.  this  kind  of  iot  application  area  allows  simulating  a  lifespan  of  machines,  checking  updates,  and  predicting  potential  issues  and  bottlenecks.  with  iot  instruments,  producers  can  get  a  replica  of  equipment  and  goods  for  monitoring  them  in  a  virtual  environment  before  putting  them  to  market.  finally,  it  improves  product  quality,  creates  efficient  supply  and  delivery  chains,  opens  new  opportunities  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring businesses  and  brings  customer  service  to  a  higher  level.  either  way,  getting  the  iot  solutions  implemented  into  your  business  processes  requires  solid  expertise  in  this  field.  it  makes  byteant  a  perfect  option  for  companies  eager  to  tap  into  iot  competitive  advantages.  were  here  to  help  you,  just  a  line.  and  get  the  latest  updates
__label__machineconditionmonitoring refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  heres  who  we  spoke  to:  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 1914  292  0220  what  if  you  could  use  advanced  analytics  to  envisage  events  before  they  happened,  use  realtime  actionable  insights  to  increase  production  and  help  your  operatives  know  the  right  decision  to  take  at  any  given  time?  industrial  iot  is  driving  such  capabilities  enabling  unparalleled  operational  efficiency,  productivity,  and  performance  like  never  seen  before.  industry  experts  have  predicted  that  by  2020,  iiot  will  be  a  225  billion  market  that  will  have  huge  impacts  in  modern  manufacturing  including  increasing  efficiency,  fostering  streamlined  maintenance,  asset  monitoring  and  more  to  create  a  new  age  of  industrial  growth  and  competitiveness.  manufacturing  industry  leaders  investing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  iiot  are  reporting  benefits,  including  efficient  and  increased  productivity  according  to  a  tata  survey.  its  thus  crucial  to  note  iiot  use  cases  will  progressively  expand  in  future.  heres  a  compilation  of  the  top  three  industrial  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing.  manufacturing  companies  are  using  iot  assets  to  connect  machines  and  systems  together  a  paradigm  shift  that  enables  realtime  asset  monitoring.  coupled  assets  provide  the  opportunity  to  monitor  equipment  in  realtime  for  reliability,  compliance,  and  safety.  asset  monitoring  is  heavily  used  in  remote  manufacturing  where  sensors  help  tracking  production  processes  and  send  status  to  the  right  personnel.  it  also  offers
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  platform  to  manage  and  control  assets  for  enhanced  operation  and  production;  enabling  proactive  and  timely  manufacturing  decisions.  asset  tracking  in  manufacturing  allows  easy  status  monitoring  of  key  equipment  and  final  products;  to  augment  logistics,  sustain  inventory  and  prevent  quality  issues.  by  connecting  machines/equipment,  manufacturers  can  generate  intelligent  networks  that  communicate  and  coordinate  with  each  other  autonomously  with  little  involvement  by  operatives.  with  this  use  case,  organizations  can  amass  and  contextualize  data  from  remote  manufacturing  assets  and  systems  into  actionable  applications.  thus,  providing  proactive  views  into  key  performance  indicators  thereby  enabling  quicker  problem  identification  to  improve  operational  performance.  additionally,  through
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iiot,  companies  can  now  connect  to  disparate  operational  data  centers  and  unify  them  to  enable  realtime  data  visibility  across  assorted  manufacturing  systems.  iot  enabled  machinery  thus  enables  connected  operational  intelligence,  which  transmits  realtime  insights  to  manufacturing  stakeholders  enabling  them  to  remotely  manage  factory  units.  millions  of  dollars  go  into  machine  operational  and  maintenance  costs.  however,  if  equipment  maintenance  is  done  on  time,  it  would  prevent  pauses  on  production  processes.  and  if  downtime  could  be  detected  before  it  knocks,  manufacturing  companies  can  have  substantial  decrease  in  operational  costs.  the  use  of  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  cameras  in  iiot  allow  machines  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring predict  failure  before  it  occurs.  such  detection  helps  create  strategic  maintenance  timelines  that  can  be  performed  only  when  needed  before  glitches  occur  think  repairing  a  crack  in  the  dike.  manufacturers  leverage  iot  to  include  vibrant,  competent,  and  automated  manufacturing  processes,  where  maintenance  schedules  are  autonomous  rather  than  relying  on  undependable  maintenance  personnel.  thereby,  triggering  betterplanned  maintenance  processes  which  promises  huge  cost  savings  in  turn  reducing  equipment  failure  and  increasing  machine  lifetime.  industrial  iot  has  the  ability  to  radically  transform  manufacturing.  as  the  global  market  and  industry  dynamics  push  manufacturers  to  reconsider  operations,  smart  manufacturing  powered  by  iiotdriven  data  analytics  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring essential.  the  truth  is  that,  more  and  more  data  will  be  created  from  increasingly  connected  equipment  systems  and  that  to  realize  critical  valuable  actionable  insights  thought  iiot  is  limitless.  saviant  is  the  preferred  data  analytics  intelligent  solutions  partner  for  leading  assetintensive  and  fieldforce  driven  enterprises  across  industries  like  energy,  utilities,  logistics  construction.  we  are  the  trusted  technology  advisors  and  implementation  partners  for  their  strategic  initiatives  around  data  analytics,  iot,  cloud  mobility.  i  can  trust  them  to  do  their  best  and  get  a  successful  outcome.  they  have  a  very  handson  approach  towards  problemsolving.  leave  your  details  below.  our  consultant  will  get
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  smart  manufacturing,  industry  4.0,  big  data,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  however  you  refer  to  the  advent  of  cloud  computing,  affordable  sensors  and  connected  machines  and  devices,  they  are  changing  manufacturing  in  profound  ways.  this  blog  will  outline  some  of  the  top  use  cases  of  iot  on  the  plant  floor  and  examines  how  iot  devices  and  software  will  be  leveraged  for  productivity  in  the  future.  the  3  top  uses  cases  of  iot  manufacturing  are:  1.  remote  monitoring  and  operations  2.  predictive  maintenance  and  smart  asset  management  3.  autonomous  manufacturing  iot  has  opened  the  door  for  a  flood  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring big  data  with  sensors  collecting  everything  from  part  counts  and  downtime  to  motor  vibration  and  temperature.  for  manufacturers  to  take  full  advantage  of  this,  they  will  need  to  invest  in  visualization  software.  thankfully,  cloudbased  solutions  like  sensrtrx  make  this  investment  accessible  and  easy  to  implement.  what  once  required  thousands  of  dollars,  months  of  implementation  time  and  costly  consultants  can  now  be  done  in  a  few  days  with  minimal  technical  skills.  iiot  shouldnt  be  confused  with  big  data  all  the  time,  although  many  think  of  them  as  synonymous.  a  few  data  points  can  provide  a  lot  of  visibility  on  the  plant
__label__machineconditionmonitoring floor,  so  its  not  strictly  necessary  to  have  complex  iot  platforms  and  edge  computing  or  even  to  manage  huge  datasets.  most  iot  analytics  needs  can  be  met  with  business  analytics  software  like  tableau  or  power  bi  these  days,  but  historically  erp  and  mes  have  been  leveraged  to  transform  the  data  into  something  meaningful.  nowadays,  purposebuilt  analytics  software  like  sensrtrx  significantly  reduces  the  investment  cost  of  this  foundational  iot  pillar.  the  standard  method  for  machine  maintenance  for  years  has  been  run  to  failure,  with  the  idea  that  a  certain  amount  of  downtime  when  a  machine  was  being  fixed  was  acceptable  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring indeed  unavoidable.  with  iot  however,  remote  monitoring  of  machines  and  conditional  reporting  means  the  machine  can  provide  fault  warnings  and  provide  your  maintenance  team  with  advanced  warnings  of  issues.  better  maintenance  using  iot  can  be  viewed  in  this  order:  our  friends  at  have  provided  some  context  to  the  path  to  better  asset  management  with  this  graphic:  another  futuristic  application  of  iot  and  industry  4.0  promises  to  provide  fantastic  productivity  gains  through  remote  management  of  the  plant.  the  benefits  of  this  iot  marks  a  breakthrough  but  requires  a  huge  investment  in  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes  fed  by  data  and  manned  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring techsavvy  operators.  if  discrete  manufacturers  can  reliably  produce  products  24/7,  similar  to  the  way  some  process  manufacturers  work,  they  could  conceivably  produce  more  goods  with  fewer  people.  for  most  manufacturers,  this  will  require  significant  investment  in  things  like  predictive  maintenance,  conditionbased  monitoring  as  well  as  robots  and  cobots  run  by  software  or  as  a  part  of  a  highly  automated  cell.  with  this  setup,  socalled  tombstones  or  pedestalbased  manufacturing  allow  robots  to  handle  complex  part  manufacturing  and  assembly  without  the  loading,  unloading,  and  retooling  typically  requiring  operator  intervention.  to  reduce  or  eliminate  the  need  for  human  workers,  a  highly  automated  factory
__label__machineconditionmonitoring requires  iot  sensors,  smart  asset  management,  programming  skills,  and  new  equipment,  but  the  productivity  gains  and  lowered  costs  will  be  significant.  to  see  an  example  of  lights  out  in  action,  check  out  the  even  there  though,  workers  are  required  to  manage  and  maintain  robots,  write  software,  and  conduct  some  quality  checks.  still,  what  they  were  able  to  do  in  08  can  give  you  an  idea  of  what  can  be  done  in  2018.  here  are  a  few  other  use  cases  we  might  dive  into  a  bit  later  in  another  blog:  7777  bonhomme  ave.  18th  floor  st.  louis,  mo  63105  sensrtrx  copyright
__label__machineconditionmonitoring why  checking  equipment  and  calibration  in  real  time  keeps  product  quality  high.  a  primary  manufacturing  goal  is  to  maintain  high  product  quality.  for  many  enterprises,  however,  this  objective  still  seems  hardly  achievable.  too  often,  product  quality  issues  are  uncovered  only  when  a  product  fails  in  testing,  or  worse,  when  a  customer  makes  a  return  or  triggers  a  recall.  a  common  is  faulty  equipment,  which  has  not  been  properly  maintained  or  calibrated.  manufacturers  are  increasingly  turning  to  iotdriven  machine  condition  monitoring,  which  helps  reveal  equipment  issues  that  can  affect  the  quality  of  products  so  they  can  be  fixed  before  things  get
__label__machineconditionmonitoring worse.  condition  monitoring  enables  product  quality  control  by  detecting  combinations  of  equipment  health,  such  as  spindle  vibration  frequency,  engine  temperature,  cutting  speed,  and  ambient  parameters,  such  as  temperature  and  humidity.  combined,  these  parameters  can  cause  deterioration  in  the  quality  of  a  product  output.  a  historical  data  set  that  contains  equipment  condition  records  gathered  through  a  time  period  say,  a  year  is  combined  with  the  data  bout  product  quality  deviations  and  context  data  for  example,  equipment  maintenance  history  from  either  erp,  pims,  or  dcs  systems.  the  combined  data  set  is  then  fed  into  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms,  which  can  then  detect
__label__machineconditionmonitoring causal  correlations  in  the  incoming  data  records.  uncovered  correlations  are  reflected  in  predictive  models,  which  are  then  used  to  identify  combinations  of  equipment  condition  and  environmental  parameters  that  can  lead  to  product  quality  issues.  for  example,  in  pulp  processing  some  of  the  quality  issues  include  deviations  in  the  concentration  of  dissolved  alkali.  the  machine  learning  component  of  iot  detects  hidden  patterns  in  the  data  and  states  that  a  higher  concentration  of  alkali  stems  from  a  deviation  in  two  process  parameters:  reduced  processing  temperature  and  increased  white  liquor  flow.  manufacturers  across  industries  can  leverage  iot  for  and  controlling  the  quality  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring products  and  components  manufactured  on  them.  here  are  a  few  examples:  in  the  pulp  and  paper  industry,  iot  allows  monitoring  the  condition  of  rollers  in  paper  machines.  a  defect  of  just  one  roller  bearing  can  significantly  affect  the  quality  of  the  produced  paper  and  cause  fluffing  and  changes  in  paper  thickness.  monitoring  the  condition  of  roller  bearings  with  vibration  sensors  is  enough  to  avoid  a  large  percentage  of  quality  issues.  vibration  sensors  on  each  end  of  the  roller  continuously  gather  realtime  data  about  the  roller  health  and  relay  it  to  the  cloud  software.  if  a  roller  does  not  function  properly,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  iot  solution  alerts  an  operator.  in  electronics,  in  the  process  of  mounting  semiconductors  on  circuit  boards,  tiny  puffs  of  air  are  used  to  direct  the  placement  of  chips.  the  placement  machines  are  calibrated  according  to  current  environmental  conditions  temperature,  humidity,  etc..  a  minor  change  in,  say,  temperature  parameters  generates  a  heat  profile  that  can  cause  placement  defects.  temperature  and  humidity  sensors  are  used  to  monitor  the  environment,  in  which  machines  operate.  once  a  change  is  detected,  a  machine  can  receive  a  command  to  make  calibration  adjustments  to  meet  the  quality  standards.  in  the  steel  industry,  iot  helps  detect  equipment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issues  that  affect  the  quality  of  steel  during  the  metal  forming  process.  during  the  process,  a  slab  an  output  of  casting  is  reheated  and  run  through  the  rolling  mills,  so  that  its  thickness  is  reduced  to  less  than  an  inch.  the  problems  in  the  condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  can  lead  to  significant  quality  issues.  the  most  common  causes  may  include  the  rolls  failing  to  catch  the  metal,  so  that  it  will  pile  up  or  the  rolls  not  rolling  evenly,  which  results  in  one  side  of  the  metal  sheet  being  thicker  than  the  other.  to  prevent  these  issues,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  bearings  is  monitored  with  vibration  and  magnetic  guide  sensors.  in  the  automotive  industry,  the  penetration  of  moisture  into  the  spaces  and  gaps  in  welded  spots  can  lead  to  porosity,  while  temperature  variations  in  welding  machines  can  lead  to  a  weld  joint  failure.  iiot  is  applied  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  the  level  of  humidity  around  a  machine  to  avoid  incorrect  placement  and  ensure  high  quality  of  the  welded  products.  monitoring  the  condition  and  the  environment  of  machines,  on  which  products  are  manufactured,  delivers  the  following  benefits:  since  the  technology  market  does  not  yet  offer
__label__machineconditionmonitoring outofthebox  iotdriven  condition  monitoring  solutions,  enterprises  need  to  design  and  implement  custom  iot  applications.  given  the  complexity  of  iot  implementation,  it  proves  efficient  for  the  enterprises  to  collaborate  with  external  parties:  an  iot  platform  vendor  or  an  independent  iot  integrator.  opting  for  an  iot  platform  vendor  has  the  following  advantages:  however,  going  for  the  collaboration  with  a  single  iot  platform  vendor,  enterprises  are  unlikely  to  get  the  bestofbreed  functionality,  as  they  often  get  locked  up  in  the  vendors  solution  ecosystem  with  limited  options  to  test  alternative  solution  components  that  may  be  a  better  fit.  collaborating  with  an  iot  integrator,  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  other  hand,  offers  the  possibility  to  build  an  iot  solution  from  the  components  tailored  to  the  enterprises  needs.  still,  the  cost  of  implementation  will  rise,  as  enterprises  have  to  buy  separate  individual  modules  from  multiple  vendors  and  partner  with  an  integrator  to  bring  these  modules  together.  although  iotbased  condition  monitoring  paves  the  way  to  improvements  in  production  quality,  such  an  approach  has  certain  limitations,  as  data  about  machine  conditions  may  be  not  enough  for  wellrounded  quality  assurance.  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  for  instance,  cannot  identify  issues  arising  from  the  use  of  defective  or  misidentified  components,  or  improper  material
__label__machineconditionmonitoring handling.  controlling  the  quality  of  products  by  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  on  which  they  are  manufactured,  helps  to  drive  yield  improvement,  reduce  scrap,  and  minimize  rework.  compared  to  other  quality  assurance  techniques  for  example,  based  on  inspecting  parts  and  semifinished  products  as  they  move  through  the  production  cycle,  the  condition  monitoringbased  approach  may  offer  less  differentiation  in  terms  of  quality  control  scope,  but  it  helps  identify  quality  issues  at  their  incipient  stage  and  predict  potential  ones.  about  the  author:  boris  shiklo  is  the  cto  at  ,  responsible  for  the  companys  longterm  technological  vision  and  innovation  strategies.  under  his  supervision,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  companys  development  team  has  successfully  fulfilled  complex  projects  of  more  than  80,000  manhours  in  healthcare,  banking  finance,  retail,  telecommunications,  public  sector,  and  other  domains.  he  has  a  solid  background  in  it  consulting,  software  development,  project  management,  and  strategic  planning.  content  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest  from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you  gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring coreiots  condition  monitoring  solution  is  a  complete  turnkey  package  that  comes  with  wireless  sensors,  a  4g  iot  gateway  and  a  web  portal  that  includes  data  analytics.  itsa  simple  plug  and  play  solution  in  which,  wireless  sensors  4g  iot  gateway  and  the  web  portal  can  be  set  up  within  minutes.  anomaly  detection  provides  early  insight  of  deterioration  detected  in  the  equipment.  move  from  routine  to  requirementbased  service  using  predictive  maintenance  improve  equipment  performance  and  life  span  get  early  notifications  on  machine  health  condition  vibration  monitoring  temperature  monitoring  long  battery  life  anomaly  detection  mobile  application  ios  and  android  sms  and  email  alerts
__label__machineconditionmonitoring coreiots  condition  monitoring  solution  is  a  complete  turnkey  package  that  comes  with  wireless  sensors,  an  iot  gateway  and  a  software  package  that  includes  data  analytics.  realtime  monitoring  of  vibration  and  temperature  for  your  equipment  to  avoid  costly  downtime  based  on  sensor  data,  solution  detects  anomalies  from  the  behaviors  in  your  equipment  in  realtime  coreiot  sensors  and  gateway  work  wirelessly.  a  plug  and  play  solution  that  can  be  up  and  running  within  minutes  coreiot  sensors  are  powered  with  long  life  batteries.  the  coreiot  gateway  comes  with  4g  enabled  sim  card  and  the  sensors  connect  wirelessly  to  the  gateway  iso  9001  certified
__label__machineconditionmonitoring brought  to  you  by  15  aug  2018,  8:41  currently,  iot  kits  are  only  suitable  for  prototyping.  however,  harting  have  worked  alongside  bosch  connected  devices  and  solutions  to  develop  and  release  a  fully  functional  new  plugandplay  kit  that  enables  digital  condition  monitoring  of  any  kind  of  machinery  or  equipment.  whats  particularly  exciting  about  this  development  is  how  simple  installation  is;  the  entire  system  is  up  and  running  inside  a  day  and  starts  to  provide  you  with  valuable  production  data  immediately  digital  condition  monitoring  involves  measuring  data  such  as  the  temperature  and  pressure  of  machines  to  ensure  they  are  running  smoothly  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring at  an  optimal  level.  having  the  ability  to  spot  any  fluctuations  quickly  allows  you  to  undertake  predictive  maintenance.  in  other  words,  you  can  identify,  isolate  and  carry  out  repairs  before  the  machine  breaks  down,  alleviating  costly  downtimes.  in  order  to  undertake  condition  monitoring,  you  firstly  need  to  digitally  retrofit  machines  with  monitoring  devices,  a  task  which  is  made  incredibly  easy  by  the  mica  ciss  iiot  kit  .  the  robust  and  compact  bosch  ciss  sensor  unit  can  be  easily  attached  to  any  machine  surface.  once  its  in  place,  it  can  simultaneously  measure  vibration,  pressure,  temperature,  humidity,  light,  magnetic  fields,  acoustics  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring any  changes  in  position.  the  ciss  sensor  then  connects  to  the  local  network  and  hartings  mica,  a  compact  industrial  computer,  which  is  installed  next  to  the  machinery  without  any  need  for  a  control  cabinet.  as  the  mica  ciss  iiot  kit  is  specially  designed  for  longterm  use  in  industrial  environments,  it  comes  with  a  robust  ip54  protection  rating,  meaning  it  can  withstand  everything  a  manufacturing  environment  can  throw  at  it.  data  from  the  ciss  sensors  is  delivered  in  the  mqtt  common  exchange  format,  giving  you  the  flexibility  to  analyse  or  store  information  within  any  it  system  or  iot  platform.  all  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring information  is  displayed  in  a  web  browser  via  the  integrated  browserbased  nodered  dashboard,  whilst  a  connector  for  microsoft  azure  cloud  is  preinstalled.  its  also  possible  to  store  local  data  on  the  mica  as  it  can  be  supplemented  with  software  containers  for  databases,  cloud  connectors  and  opcua  translators,  which  are  easily  installed  and  managed  like  apps.  in  addition,  micas  modular,  opensource  software  design  enables  the  data  to  be  specifically  adapted  to  meet  your  requirements  and  goals.  thanks  to  the  opensource  software,  the  mica  ciss  iiot  kit  can  be  used  across  a  widerange  of  industries.  in  addition  to  condition  monitoring  it  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  used  as  an  energy  management  tool,  giving  businesses  the  opportunity  to  measure  output,  implement  changes  and  save  on  costs.  when  combined  with  rfid,  the  equipment  can  also  identify  practically  any  object  digitally  or  wirelessly,  providing  a  costeffective  asset  tracking  solution.  furthermore,  the  robust  nature  of  the  equipment  means  it  can  be  installed  on  running  machinery,  in  logistic  or  production  areas  and  on  rail  and  road  vehicles.  harting  ltd  is  skilled  in  the  fields  of  electrical,  electronic  and  optical  connection,  transmission  and  networking,  as  well  as  the  manufacture  of  industry  4.0  solutions.  we  use  this  expertise  to  craft  solutions  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  transportation,  data  transmission,  wind  energy,  mechanical  engineering,  factory  automation,  automotive  and  robotics  markets.  harting  also  design  and  manufacture  cable  assemblies,  box  builds,  kit  assemblies  and  modified  products  at  our  uk  facility  in  northampton.  15  aug  2018,  8:41  pevans9463  bill  marshall  peterjfrancis  si992
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  article?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  article  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industrial  iot  iiot  brings  machines,  cloud  computing,  analytics,  and  people  together  to  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  with  iiot,  industrial  companies  can  digitize  processes,  transform  business  models,  and  improve  performance  and  productivity,  while  decreasing  waste.  currently,  companies  across  a  wide  range  of  industries  are  working  on  iot  projects  that  connect  billions  of  devices  and  deliver  value  across  a  variety  of  use  cases  including  predictive  quality  and  maintenance  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  and  process  optimization.  predictive  quality  analytics  extracts  actionable  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  manufacturing  equipment,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations  to  optimize  the  quality
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  factory  output.  using  aws  iot,  industrial  manufacturers  can  build  predictive  quality  models  which  help  them  build  better  products.  higher  quality  products  increase  customer  satisfaction  and  reduce  product  recalls.  asset  condition  monitoring  captures  the  state  of  your  machines  and  equipment  to  determine  asset  performance.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  capture  all  iot  data,  such  as  temperature,  vibration,  and  error  codes  indicate  if  equipment  is  performing  optimally.  with  increased  visibility,  you  can  maximize  asset  utilization  and  fully  exploit  your  investment.  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  to  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production  resulting  in  an  increase
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  equipment  lifespan,  worker  safety,  and  the  supply  chain  optimization.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  continuously  monitor  and  infer  equipment  status,  health,  and  performance  to  detect  issues  in  realtime.  caf  uses  aws  to  increase  train  safety  and  reduce  maintenance  costs.  pentair  uses  aws  iot  to  improve  beer  filtration  processes  and  boost  performance  by  10.  vantage  power  enables  powertrain  innovation  and  safety  for  heavyduty  vehicles  with  aws  iot.  siemens  built  a  high  quality,  scalable  and  secure  platform  to  enable  them  to  deliver  better  healthcare.  with  the  broadest  and  deepest  functionality  from  the  device  to  the  cloud,  aws  iot  helps  customers,  such
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  volkswagen,  yanmar,  vantage  power,  british  gas,  solarnow,  caf,  and  honeywell,  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  these  customers  rely  on  aws  iot  to  build  applications  that  address  the  top  challenges  facing  industrial  customers  to  uncover  new  business  value  through  predictive  quality  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance  analytics,  and  process  optimization.  aws  iot  is  a  set  of  fully  managed  services  that  make  it  easy  to  deploy  and  manage  a  complete  industrial  iot  solution.  aws  iot  provides  a  range  of  services  specifically  designed  to  make  it  easy  to  collect,  store,  and  analyze  device  data  even  in  noisy,  unreliable
__label__machineconditionmonitoring environments.  aws  iot  helps  customers  scale  their  industrial  iot  applications  up  to  millions  of  devices.  aws  iot  makes  it  easy  for  customers  to  secure  device  fleets  at  scale  with  builtin  device  authentication  and  authorization  to  keep  iiot  data  and  devices  protected.  learn  how  aws  iot  sitewise  can  help  you  collect,  structure,  and  search  iot  data  from  industrial  equipment  at  scale.  with  edgebased  software  and  cloudbased  services,  see  how  you  can  get  started  quickly  and  attain  your  industrial  business  goals.  predictive  maintenance  helps  industries  understand  the  condition  of  their  equipment  and  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production.  iiot  offers  new
__label__machineconditionmonitoring levels  of  predictive  maintenance  to  industrial  enterprises.  using  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  the  equipment  itself,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations,  industrial  companies  can  determine  the  best  actions  to  take.  industry  4.0  is  here,  and  organizations  are  rapidly  automating  factory  floors,  machinery,  and  production  lines.  industry  4.0  promises  to  improve  efficiency  and  lower  operational  costs,  but  there  are  challenges  along  the  way  such  as  device  security,  device  management  across  diverse  fleets,  and  analytics.  learn  more  about  aws  iot  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thinar  iot  use  case  for  oil  gas  and  energy  know  the  current  condition  of  your  high  value  assets.  use  inferences  and  realtime  data  to  predict  maintenance  needs.  alerts  to  prevent  failures  and  prevent  maintenance.  an  international  energy  company  needed  to  track  the  performance  of  critical  assets  to  prevent  the  unplanned  costs  of  reactive  maintenance.  an  international  oil  and  gas  company  was  looking  for  ways  to  reduce  unplanned  equipment  maintenance.  and  while  difficult  to  quantify,  the  downtime  amounts  to  excess  loss  of  multiple  millions  of  dollars  each  year;  the  longer  the  equipment  is  down,  the  more  financial  impact  it  has  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  the  organization.  a  kimberlite  study  identified  that  offshore  oil  and  gas  organizations  experience  on  average  .  the  study  goes  on  to  suggest  thateven  a  few  days  of  downtime  can  cost  organizations  millions  of  dollars  per  day.  unforeseen  financial  impact  coupled  with  challenges  like  equipment  malfunction  and  difficulty  gaining  insight  into  equipment  condition  have  forced  oil  and  gas  companies  to  look  for  more  efficient  and  cost  effective  ways  to  prevent  unplanned  expenses.  the  international  oil  and  gas  organization  identified  the  most  critical  pieces  of  equipment  that  could  easily  be  used  to  gather  data  about  uptime,  downtime  and  general  maintenance.  using
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  thinar  condition  monitoring  solution,  the  organization  is  able  to  understand  the  current  state  of  the  equipment  and  the  condition  of  its  environment.  the  solution  uses  industrial  beacons  capable  of  transmitting  sensor  data  like  temperature,  humidity,  pressure  and  dew  point,  enterprisegrade  gateways  capable  of  capturing  that  sensor  data  and  transmitting  it  to  the  thinar  platform,  and  algorithms  that  learn  base  line  values  of  normal  operating  conditions  for  the  oil  and  gas  equipment.  then,  over  a  period  of  time,  thinar  captures  the  data  about  fluctuations  in  environmental  condition  to  do  things  like:  the  data  is  encrypted  both  in  motion  and  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring rest  and  is  available  for  use  in  dashboard  applications,  integrated  systems  and  other  data  analytics  engines.  its  also  made  available  in  sonar,  the  webbased  dashboard  that  visualizes  realtime  data  about  high  value  assets  and  the  conditions  in  which  they  exist.  while  the  benchmarks  are  still  being  established  and  the  data  in  the  early  phases  of  being  captured,  projections  suggest  there  exists  the  potential  to  save  anywhere  from  1  million  per  day  that  a  single  machine  is  down  to  over  88  million  per  occurrence  for  the  most  critical  downtime  scenarios.  think  about  your  own  industry  or  organization.  do  you  know  how
__label__machineconditionmonitoring much  it  costs  each  time  a  machine  is  out  of  operation  or  a  single  process  is  interrupted  or,  worse  yet,  halted?  thinar  can  help  both  create  your  benchmarks  to  determine  optimal  operating  conditions  and  capture  the  data  required  to  prove  compliance  to  the  benchmarks  and  identify  areas  of  improvement  to  ensure  compliance.  to  learn  more  about  this  use  case  and  others  powered  by  thinar,  .  coming  soon  thinar  is  helping  organizations  save  money  and  increase  revenue  with  iot  solutions  that  can  be  deployed  today  and  enhanced  tomorrow.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring why  checking  equipment  and  calibration  in  real  time  keeps  product  quality  high.  a  primary  manufacturing  goal  is  to  maintain  high  product  quality.  for  many  enterprises,  however,  this  objective  still  seems  hardly  achievable.  too  often,  product  quality  issues  are  uncovered  only  when  a  product  fails  in  testing,  or  worse,  when  a  customer  makes  a  return  or  triggers  a  recall.  a  common  is  faulty  equipment,  which  has  not  been  properly  maintained  or  calibrated.  manufacturers  are  increasingly  turning  to  iotdriven  machine  condition  monitoring,  which  helps  reveal  equipment  issues  that  can  affect  the  quality  of  products  so  they  can  be  fixed  before  things  get
__label__machineconditionmonitoring worse.  condition  monitoring  enables  product  quality  control  by  detecting  combinations  of  equipment  health,  such  as  spindle  vibration  frequency,  engine  temperature,  cutting  speed,  and  ambient  parameters,  such  as  temperature  and  humidity.  combined,  these  parameters  can  cause  deterioration  in  the  quality  of  a  product  output.  a  historical  data  set  that  contains  equipment  condition  records  gathered  through  a  time  period  say,  a  year  is  combined  with  the  data  bout  product  quality  deviations  and  context  data  for  example,  equipment  maintenance  history  from  either  erp,  pims,  or  dcs  systems.  the  combined  data  set  is  then  fed  into  advanced  machine  learning  algorithms,  which  can  then  detect
__label__machineconditionmonitoring causal  correlations  in  the  incoming  data  records.  uncovered  correlations  are  reflected  in  predictive  models,  which  are  then  used  to  identify  combinations  of  equipment  condition  and  environmental  parameters  that  can  lead  to  product  quality  issues.  for  example,  in  pulp  processing  some  of  the  quality  issues  include  deviations  in  the  concentration  of  dissolved  alkali.  the  machine  learning  component  of  iot  detects  hidden  patterns  in  the  data  and  states  that  a  higher  concentration  of  alkali  stems  from  a  deviation  in  two  process  parameters:  reduced  processing  temperature  and  increased  white  liquor  flow.  manufacturers  across  industries  can  leverage  iot  for  and  controlling  the  quality  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring products  and  components  manufactured  on  them.  here  are  a  few  examples:  in  the  pulp  and  paper  industry,  iot  allows  monitoring  the  condition  of  rollers  in  paper  machines.  a  defect  of  just  one  roller  bearing  can  significantly  affect  the  quality  of  the  produced  paper  and  cause  fluffing  and  changes  in  paper  thickness.  monitoring  the  condition  of  roller  bearings  with  vibration  sensors  is  enough  to  avoid  a  large  percentage  of  quality  issues.  vibration  sensors  on  each  end  of  the  roller  continuously  gather  realtime  data  about  the  roller  health  and  relay  it  to  the  cloud  software.  if  a  roller  does  not  function  properly,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  iot  solution  alerts  an  operator.  in  electronics,  in  the  process  of  mounting  semiconductors  on  circuit  boards,  tiny  puffs  of  air  are  used  to  direct  the  placement  of  chips.  the  placement  machines  are  calibrated  according  to  current  environmental  conditions  temperature,  humidity,  etc..  a  minor  change  in,  say,  temperature  parameters  generates  a  heat  profile  that  can  cause  placement  defects.  temperature  and  humidity  sensors  are  used  to  monitor  the  environment,  in  which  machines  operate.  once  a  change  is  detected,  a  machine  can  receive  a  command  to  make  calibration  adjustments  to  meet  the  quality  standards.  in  the  steel  industry,  iot  helps  detect  equipment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issues  that  affect  the  quality  of  steel  during  the  metal  forming  process.  during  the  process,  a  slab  an  output  of  casting  is  reheated  and  run  through  the  rolling  mills,  so  that  its  thickness  is  reduced  to  less  than  an  inch.  the  problems  in  the  condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  can  lead  to  significant  quality  issues.  the  most  common  causes  may  include  the  rolls  failing  to  catch  the  metal,  so  that  it  will  pile  up  or  the  rolls  not  rolling  evenly,  which  results  in  one  side  of  the  metal  sheet  being  thicker  than  the  other.  to  prevent  these  issues,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring condition  and  alignment  of  rolling  mills  bearings  is  monitored  with  vibration  and  magnetic  guide  sensors.  in  the  automotive  industry,  the  penetration  of  moisture  into  the  spaces  and  gaps  in  welded  spots  can  lead  to  porosity,  while  temperature  variations  in  welding  machines  can  lead  to  a  weld  joint  failure.  iiot  is  applied  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  the  level  of  humidity  around  a  machine  to  avoid  incorrect  placement  and  ensure  high  quality  of  the  welded  products.  monitoring  the  condition  and  the  environment  of  machines,  on  which  products  are  manufactured,  delivers  the  following  benefits:  since  the  technology  market  does  not  yet  offer
__label__machineconditionmonitoring outofthebox  iotdriven  condition  monitoring  solutions,  enterprises  need  to  design  and  implement  custom  iot  applications.  given  the  complexity  of  iot  implementation,  it  proves  efficient  for  the  enterprises  to  collaborate  with  external  parties:  an  iot  platform  vendor  or  an  independent  iot  integrator.  opting  for  an  iot  platform  vendor  has  the  following  advantages:  however,  going  for  the  collaboration  with  a  single  iot  platform  vendor,  enterprises  are  unlikely  to  get  the  bestofbreed  functionality,  as  they  often  get  locked  up  in  the  vendors  solution  ecosystem  with  limited  options  to  test  alternative  solution  components  that  may  be  a  better  fit.  collaborating  with  an  iot  integrator,  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  other  hand,  offers  the  possibility  to  build  an  iot  solution  from  the  components  tailored  to  the  enterprises  needs.  still,  the  cost  of  implementation  will  rise,  as  enterprises  have  to  buy  separate  individual  modules  from  multiple  vendors  and  partner  with  an  integrator  to  bring  these  modules  together.  although  iotbased  condition  monitoring  paves  the  way  to  improvements  in  production  quality,  such  an  approach  has  certain  limitations,  as  data  about  machine  conditions  may  be  not  enough  for  wellrounded  quality  assurance.  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  for  instance,  cannot  identify  issues  arising  from  the  use  of  defective  or  misidentified  components,  or  improper  material
__label__machineconditionmonitoring handling.  controlling  the  quality  of  products  by  monitoring  the  condition  of  machines,  on  which  they  are  manufactured,  helps  to  drive  yield  improvement,  reduce  scrap,  and  minimize  rework.  compared  to  other  quality  assurance  techniques  for  example,  based  on  inspecting  parts  and  semifinished  products  as  they  move  through  the  production  cycle,  the  condition  monitoringbased  approach  may  offer  less  differentiation  in  terms  of  quality  control  scope,  but  it  helps  identify  quality  issues  at  their  incipient  stage  and  predict  potential  ones.  about  the  author:  boris  shiklo  is  the  cto  at  ,  responsible  for  the  companys  longterm  technological  vision  and  innovation  strategies.  under  his  supervision,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  companys  development  team  has  successfully  fulfilled  complex  projects  of  more  than  80,000  manhours  in  healthcare,  banking  finance,  retail,  telecommunications,  public  sector,  and  other  domains.  he  has  a  solid  background  in  it  consulting,  software  development,  project  management,  and  strategic  planning.  content  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest  from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you  gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  presents  an  unparalleled  opportunity  for  every  industry  to  address  core  business  challenges,  such  as  reducing  downtime,  improving  safety,  increasing  system  output,  reducing  operating  costs,  and  creating  innovative  services  and  business  models.  in  this  blog  post,  i  will  show  how  you  can  use  aws  iot  services  to  build  an  asset  condition  monitoring  solution  that  captures  data  from  physical  assets  so  you  can  understand  their  status  and  performance  and  take  appropriate  action.  when  you  monitor  the  status  of  industrial  assets  like  machinery,  remote  infrastructure,  and  vehicles,  you  can  use  the  data  collected  to  quickly  respond  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring changing  conditions,  identify  operational  trends,  and  improve  forecasting  to  maximize  the  performance  and  efficiency  of  the  larger  system.  data  can  be  collected  in  near  realtime  subsecond,  hourly,  or  daily,  depending  on  your  business  requirements,  connectivity,  and  budget.  you  can  use  to  process,  store,  and  analyze  this  data  in  the  cloud  or  at  the  edge.  aws  iot  greengrass  is  software  that  brings  memory  and  compute  closer  to  the  physical  asset.  it  provides  local  compute  and  machine  learning  inference  capabilities  at  the  device  level.  as  you  connect  more  assets,  the  data  set  becomes  richer,  providing  a  high  fidelity  view  of  your  operations.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring this  gives  you  deeper  insight  and  the  ability  to  identify  larger  trends  for  datadriven  decision  making.  many  industrial  organizations  look  to  a  future  where  distributed  systems  continuously  analyze  data  from  assets  using  machine  learning  ml  models  and  autonomously  adapting  inputs  and  outputs  to  ensure  maximum  performance.  the  first  step  is  to  connect  assets  and  begin  collecting,  processing,  and  analyzing  data  at  the  edge  and  in  the  cloud.  we  recommend  that  you  start  small.  clearly  define  the  business  problem  and  identify  measurable  outcomes  for  example,  improving  equipment  uptime  by  60  or  reducing  food  spoilage  across  a  cold  chain  distribution  network  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 85.  you  might  want  to  use  user  stories,  which  are  a  feature  of  agile  development.  for  example,  as  an  airport  operations  manager,  i  want  to  see  the  realtime  status  of  the  baggage  conveyor  system  so  that  i  can  quickly  resolve  faults  and  ensure  the  system  is  99.9  operational.  you  can  iterate  on  and  scale  the  solution  using  aws  iot  services.  consider  a  wind  farm  with  turbines  distributed  over  hundreds  of  square  miles.  energy  operators  must  generate  consistent,  profitable  power  output  by  maximizing  turbine  performance.  although  routine  scheduled  maintenance  is  key  to  continuous  operations,  this  does  not  prevent  turbines  from  going
__label__machineconditionmonitoring offline  before  the  next  maintenance  window.  energy  operators  want  to  maximize  wind  farm  output  by  providing  operations  staff  near  realtime  data  into  turbine  mechanical  performance.  access  to  this  realtime  data  makes  it  possible  to  schedule  maintenance  based  on  current  conditions  and  initiate  immediate  action  when  a  fault  is  detected.  then  alerts  can  be  sent  automatically  to  onsite  engineers  through  a  mobile  device.  you  can  break  down  these  business  requirements  into  the  following  solution  objectives:  data  can  be  collected  from  industrial  equipment  in  this  example,  wind  turbines  through  sensors.  sensor  data  is  transmitted  from  equipment  to  an  running  on  a  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring aws  iot  greengrass  provides  local  compute  using  functions,  a  local  message  broker  to  support  local  devicetodevice  and  devicetocloud  communication,  device  shadows  for  managing  equipment  state,  and  machine  learning  inference  using  deeplearning  models  trained  in  .  you  can  use  the  aws  management  console  or  to  create  lambda  functions  and  configure  aws  iot  greengrass,  which  simplifies  the  development  and  deployment  process.  wind  turbines  can  communicate  their  state  to  aws  iot  greengrass  using  ,  a  lightweight  publishsubscribe  messaging  protocol.  messages  are  routed  between  publishers  and  subscribers  by  the  local  message  broker  through  ,  which  serve  as  bidirectional  communication  channels  between  devices,  aws  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring greengrass,  and  aws  iot  core.  aws  iot  greengrass  also  provides  support  for  and  local  using  prebuilt  connectors  or  lambda  functions.  this  makes  it  possible  for  you  to  interface  with  equipment  that  uses  proprietary  protocols  like  modbus  rtu  without  deploying  a  new  sensing  overlay.  there  is  an  advantage  to  adding  more  sensors,  however.  you  create  a  new  acquisition  layer  separate  from  your  existing  operational  technology  systems,  which  can  improve  security  and  make  it  possible  for  your  development  team  to  innovate  more  quickly.  if  you  are  using  microcontrollers  to  build  new  sensing  devices,  you  can  use  ,  an  open  source  realtime  operating
__label__machineconditionmonitoring system  rtos  that  supports  many  hardware  architectures  and  provides  libraries  to  simplify  network  connectivity  to  aws  iot,  manage  security,  and  execute  overtheair  ota  updates.  amazon  freertos  is  free  to  download  under  the  mit  license  and  can  be  modified  without  permission  of  aws.  you  can  find  a  list  of  qualified  microcontrollers  .  mqtt  messages  are  transmitted  securely  from  aws  iot  greengrass  to  ,  the  entry  point  to  the  aws  cloud.  aws  iot  core  provides  several  key  features:  you  use  aws  iot  core  to  define  a  turbine  as  a  thing  and  generate  an  ,  private  key,  and  root  ca  certificate  that  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring placed  on  the  device  for  authentication.  you  then  use  to  define  a  thing  group  and  add  metadata  for  each  turbine,  such  as  model  number,  gps  coordinates,  manufacturer.  this  metadata  is  useful  for  data  analysis,  remote  device  management,  and  implementation  of  future  predictive  maintenance.  you  also  configure  a  rule  in  the  to  route  all  messages  received  from  site1  turbines/site1/  in  the  mqtt  topic  stream  to  for  processing.  this  diagram  shows  wind  turbine  publishing  state  information  to  a  topic.  aws  iot  greengrass  is  subscribed  to  the  topic  and  forwards  it  to  aws  iot  core  when  connectivity  is  available.  aws  iot  greengrass  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring communicate  with  turbines  locally  even  if  connectivity  to  the  cloud  is  lost.  to  reduce  latency  and  data  transmission  costs,  you  could  also  process  and  analyze  data  locally  at  the  edge  using  a  lambda  function  running  on  aws  iot  greengrass.  there  is  now  a  steady  stream  of  data  being  ingested  from  the  turbines.  you  need  to  process  and  clean  this  data  before  you  analyze  it  and  make  it  available  to  upstream  applications.  aws  iot  analytics  can  be  used  for  the  collection,  processing,  and  storage  of  unstructured  data,  or  alternatively,  this  data  can  be  analyzed  using  sql  or  jupyter  notebooks.  the  turbine
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  received  from  aws  iot  core  is  processed  in  stages  as  follows:  with  a  processed  data  set,  you  can  use  ,  a  business  intelligence  bi  service,  to  directly  connect  to  the  data  set  in  aws  iot  analytics  and  create  a  dashboard  that  displays  turbine  speed,  vibration,  and  current  power  output  for  a  specific  turbine  model.  this  allows  you  to  analyze  asset  performance  over  time,  gain  new  insights,  and  then  identify  actions  to  improve  efficiency  and  maximize  wind  farm  performance.  these  insights  increase  in  value  as  more  devices  are  connected  by  providing  more  fidelity  to  the  data.  for  example,  you  might
__label__machineconditionmonitoring overlay  weather,  gps  location,  and  vibration  data  to  discover  that  turbine  models  of  the  exact  same  type  perform  quite  differently  due  to  local  weather  conditions  or  temperature.  this  insight  can  then  be  used  to  modify  turbine  mechanical  attributes  as  needed  and  also  serve  as  a  continuous  feedback  loop  into  product  development  of  new  turbines,  with  the  goal  of  maximizing  energy  output  and  overall  turbine  performance.  you  can  also  create  adhoc  queries  on  the  aws  iot  analytics  data  store  using  sql.  for  example,  to  locate  turbines  with  potential  mechanical  issues,  you  can  use  the  following  query  to  search  for  vibration  readings
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  more  than  100  hz:  the  output  is  displayed  in  the  aws  iot  console  and  is  provided  as  a  downloadable  csv  file.  for  more  sophisticated  analysis  and  prediction,  you  can  also  use  the  integrated  jupyter  notebooks  with  ml  analytics  and  python.  there  are  several  sample  notebooks  available  for  use  cases.  for  example,  the  contextual  anomaly  detection  notebook  can  be  used  to  locate  sensor  readings  outside  the  normal  operating  range.  you  can  also  download  jupyter  notebooks  locally  onto  your  system.  here  is  the  highlevel  architecture  of  the  solution.  it  shows  how  aws  services  are  used  for  asset  condition  monitoring:  in  this
__label__machineconditionmonitoring solution,  data  is  continuously  streamed  to  aws  for  processing  and  analysis.  because  excessive  data  transport  from  remote  locations  could  increase  costs,  you  can  use  lambda  functions  deployed  onto  an  aws  iot  greengrass  core  and  send  only  the  data  required  by  your  use  case  to  the  cloud.  for  example,  in  this  scenario,  you  could  implement  logic  in  a  lambda  function  that  analyzes  data  streaming  from  turbines  locally  at  the  edge  and  send  a  message  to  aws  iot  core  only  if  an  anomalous  value  is  detected.  iot  projects  span  many  devices  and  technology  domainsfrom  sensors  and  actuators  to  sophisticated  machine  learning  algorithms.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  aws  network  of  consulting  partners  specializes  in  guiding  you  through  the  development  of  production  scale  iot  solutions.  your  business  outcome  improvements  are  limited  only  by  your  teams  imagination.  to  learn  more,  visit  the  .  in  this  post,  i  have  shown  how  you  can  use  amazon  freertos  and  aws  iot  greengrass  to  sense  physical  attributes  at  the  edge,  transport  data  to  aws  using  aws  iot  core,  and  perform  analysis  using  aws  iot  analytics.  asset  condition  monitoring  is  the  first  step  toward  a  larger  digital  transformation  strategy.  aws  iot  services  makes  continuous  innovation  possible  through  its  integration  with  other  services.  now
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  data  is  flowing  from  your  equipment,  you  can  modify  this  architecture  to  use  machine  learning  and  enable  predictive  maintenance.  this  helps  you  maximize  asset  performance  and  predict  failures  ahead  of  time.  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring manufacturing  systems  and  processes  are  becoming  complex,  which  means  rational  decisionmaking  in  process  control  is  a  necessity.  it  stands  to  reason  that  better  information  gathering  and  analysis  techniques  are  needed  for  effective  conditionbased  monitoring.  this  monitoring  is  where  the  measurable  conditions  of  a  machine  are  continuously  monitored  by  checking  predefined  parameters  such  as  temperature,  vibration,  oil  levels  and  other,  similar,  measurements,  which  enables  the  tracking  of  patterns  that  help  predict  equipment  failure.  in  turn,  this  ability  to  predict  allows  for  timely  action  and  prevents  major  or  catastrophic  failures  later  on.  condition  monitoring  is  a  critical  component  of  preventive  maintenance  because
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  always  ensures  that  equipment  is  always  properly  maintained  by  checking  the  variance  of  the  actual  parameters  that  are  being  monitored.  another  benefit  of  condition  monitoring  is  that  it  allows  users  to  work  out  when  their  equipment  is  nearing  the  end  of  its  life,  and  enables  a  smooth  replacement  plan.  machine  monitoring  across  multiple  channels/platforms  can  significantly  increase  the  probability  of  detecting  failures  in  a  machine.  for  example,  vibration  analysis  on  a  motor  might  not  be  enough.  the  customer  will  also  require  temperature  monitoring  to  find  out  more  information  about  the  machine,  said  jas  singh,  systems  and  solutions  manager  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ifm  efector.  when  it  comes  to  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  lifecycle  of  technology  can  be  monitored  in  real  time  and  continuously  using  four  main  areas:  in  other  words,  everything  connects  and  then  communicates  its  status  back  to  software  platforms.  these  cloudbased  software  platforms  are  able  to  swiftly  process  information  and  provide  a  range  of  insights,  which  is  a  direct  requirement  when  it  comes  to  predictive  maintenance.  some  of  the  most  critical  industries  where  condition  monitoring  is  needed  include  manufacturing,  utilities  and  transportation,  where  the  need  for  uptodate  information  is  a  must  for  the  safe  and  smooth  running  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  given  process.  according  to  singh,  monitoring  equipment,  such  as  vibration  monitoring  will  generate  massive  amounts  of  data  that  can  be  sent  to  the  cloud  and  then  analysed,  which  will  help  predict  the  failure  of  the  machine.  in  the  assetintensive  manufacturing,  utilities  and  transportation  industries,  success  is  dependent  on  the  safe  and  reliable  performance  of  those  assets.  by  capturing  and  analysing  more  complete  operational  data,  analytics  can  help  these  industries  manage  and  maintain  their  assets  to  improve  safety,  performance  and  equipment  life.  with  the  iot,  the  volume  of  data  is  so  huge  that  data  collection  and  its  integrity  are  issues
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  need  to  be  thoroughly  assessed  for  any  conditionbased  monitoring  regime  to  be  effective.  standardisation  of  data  is  one  way  to  ensure  that  data  coming  from  different  sources  tell  the  same  tales.  thomas  davenport,  analytics  guru  with  babson  college  and  mit,  urges  enterprises  to  hold  device  manufacturers  accountable.  first,  there  should  be  rigorous  calibration  before  the  device  leaves  the  factory,  and  an  oninstallation  calibration  routine  to  ensure  that  the  device  works  as  expected,  he  said.  second,  ongoing  calibration  is  required  to  make  sure  the  device  continues  to  work  properly.  ideally,  the  installation  and  ongoing  calibration  routines  should  be  builtin  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring automated.  ultimately,  davenport  cautions,  you  should  not  expect  perfection,  particularly  with  new  devices.  but  you  must  insist  on  rapid  improvement.  the  iot  will  enable  appropriate  conversion  of  this  data  into  information,  said  singh.  the  tools  available  will  be  able  to  give  us  much  more  information  than  we  have  right  now,  and  in  the  end,  enable  smart  decisions  to  be  made.  in  our  eyes,  the  iot  will  be  an  enabler.  when  it  comes  to  condition  monitoring,  energy  efficiency  and  data  transportation,  ifm  has  released  the  smartobserver  suite  for  a  range  of  industries  but  especially  for  manufacturing,  utilities  and  transportation.  engineered  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  continuous  condition  monitoring  of  machines  and  systems,  smartobserver  is  designed  to  provide  trend  analyses,  limit  values,  evaluation  of  all  process  parameters,  data  acquisition,  evaluation  to  din  iso  50001,  visualisation  and  evaluation  with  trend  displays.  these  trend  displays  can  include  pressure,  flow,  temperature,  rotational  speed,  the  operating  conditions  of  machines,  the  organisation  and  planning  of  maintenance  tasks,  data  provision  for  higherlevel  systems  and  alarm  escalation.  according  to  singh,  ifms  smartobserver  is  highly  suited  for  condition/vibration  monitoring  in  most  industries  including  mining,  water,  food  manufacturing  and  also  utilities  monitoring  systems.  unable  to  display  facebook  posts.  pace  features  meticulously  researched  stories  covering
__label__machineconditionmonitoring resource  monitoring  is  quickly  becoming  a  top  use  case  for  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  technology.  with  iiot,  manufacturers  have  an  opportunity  to  track  the  usage  of  valuable  resources  with  more  accuracy  and  granularity  than  ever  before.  this  article  will:  resource  monitoring  is  simply  the  measurement,  analysis,  and  optimization  of  a  designated  resource.  all  manufacturers  use  a  variety  of  resources  in  the  course  of  everyday  operations.  from  electricity  to  water  to  injection  wax,  efficient  use  of  resources  is  crucial  to  growing  margins  and  increasing  profitability.  to  track  a  resource,  engineers  place  sensors,  iot  devices,  or  meters  at  critical  points  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  asset  or  along  a  value  stream  to  track  the  consumption  of  a  resource.  when  done  with  a  tool  like  tulip,  these  sensors  communicate  resource  usage  data  to  analytics  dashboards,  where  critical  information  is  displayed  in  realtime.  visual  analytics  dashboards  make  it  possible  to  compare  and  track  resource  usage  in  real  time.  the  goal  of  resource  tracking  is  to  create  visibility  into  the  consumption  of  mission  critical  materials  in  order  to  enhance  continuous  improvement.  the  short  answer  is  not  always.  while  there  is  some  debate  about  whether  resource  monitoring  overlaps  with  oee,  it  helps  to  think  of  it  as  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring different  metric.  for  example,  a  machines  energy  usage  might  be  inefficient  without  affecting  its  overall  effectiveness.  on  the  other  hand,  if  resource  monitoring  is  used  to  help  track  the  availability  or  performance  of  an  asset,  then  it  could  be  applied  to  track  overall  effectiveness.  however,  the  information  gathered  through  a  resource  monitoring  program  is  important  for  understanding  .  with  resource  monitoring,  you  can  measure  exactly  how  much  of  a  given  resource  your  industrial  assets  consume.  there  are  many  advantages  to  tracking  your  factorys  usage  of  resources.  some  of  the  most  common  include:  energy  monitoring  is  one  of  the  simplest  forms
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  resource  monitoring,  and  requires  little  hardware  to  get  going.  energy  monitoring  can  be  implemented  by  partitioning  a  factorys  circuits  to  isolate  the  desired  department  or  asset.  once  the  circuits  have  been  divided,  engineers  can  install  energy  meters  to  monitor  how  much  energy  a  process  consumes.  energy  monitoring  should  track  voltage,  current,  power  factor,  apparent  power,  active  power,  reactive  power,  and  energy  in  kwph.  when  using  iot  for  energy  monitoring,  meters  communicate  the  data  they  collect  directly  to  an  analytics  platform.  this  information  is  then  displayed  on  realtime  dashboards,  giving  an  easy  to  understand  visualization  of  energy  consumption.  with  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring system  like  tulip,  this  data  is  stored  in  no  code  tables,  where  it  can  be  easily  accessed  without  writing  complex  sql  queries.  although  there  are  many  aspects  of  this  information  a  manufacturer  could  use  productively,  one  of  the  most  useful  is  an  accurate  measure  of  power  delivered  by  the  utility  provider  divided  by  the  power  used.  low  power  factors  are  often  caused  by  .  identifying  1.  low  power  factor,  and  2.  sources  of  inductive  load  can  highlight  low  hanging  fruit  for  improvement.  here  are  some  ways  our  engineers  have  seen  energy  monitoring  used  to  create  value.  each  of  these  incremental
__label__machineconditionmonitoring improvements  can  lead  to  significant  savings  in  the  aggregate.  while  energy  monitoring  is  a  common  form  of  resource  monitoring,  its  far  from  the  only  example.  weve  also  seen  manufacturers  use  resource  monitoring  for  the  following  tasks:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring digital  transformation  is  changing  our  lifes  and  the  way  we  do  things.  existing  products,  services,  business  processes  and  models,  even  complete  industries,  and  their  interaction  with  each  other  are  subject  to  change  or  becoming  replaced.  in  this  context,  internet  of  things  iot  sensor  devices  can  be  your  windmill  that  will  lead  to  a  competitive  advantage  in  the  wind  of  digital  change.  in  an  accenture  study  on  smart  production,  a  productivity  growth  of  30  by  first  wave  industrial  internet  of  things  adopters  is  assumed.  that  sounds  like  good  news  at  first,  but  whats  the  option  for  a  mediumsized  company  that  only
__label__machineconditionmonitoring recently  bought  new  machines  without  an  iot  connection?  for  many  companies,  replacing  all  existing  machines  with  iotenabled  equipment  is  often  not  an  option.  either  the  current  equipment  still  has  a  long  operational  life  and  is  still  in  working  order,  or  acquisition  costs  are  too  expensive.  therefore,  companies  can  only  successfully  master  their  transformation  and  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  if  they  act  with  foresight  and  intelligent  entrepreneurship.  iot  sensor  devices  provide  many  benefits,  such  as:  it  can  definitely  be  the  right  solution  for  your  business  by  retrofitting  your  current  equipment,  your  company  will  get  the  opportunity  to  implement  a  wellfunctioning  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring solution,  which  is  able  to  compete  with  its  competitors.  furthermore,  retrofitting  is  the  only  costeffective  way  to  make  your  system  connective:  a  completely  new  machine  plant  costs  several  million,  while  iot  retrofit  sensors  only  cost  a  few  hundred  euros.  nowadays,  nearly  every  value  chain  can  be  retrofitted  and  improved  with  iot  sensor  devices.  we  from  bosch  connected  devices  and  solutions  develop  tailormade  and  cost  efficient  solutions  for  various  business  sectors.  by  integrating  the  crossdomain  development  kit  xdk  or  the  connected  industrial  sensor  solution  ciss  into  your  working  environment,  you  have  a  costefficient  option  to  enter  industry  4.0  by  monitoring,  visualizing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  optimizing  your  processes.  in  the  following,  we  will  show  you  three  examples  of  internet  of  things  and  industry  4.0  use  cases  that  already,  successfully  use  .  a  team  from  stuttgart  feuerbach  faced  the  challenge  in  improving  their  production  line.  their  goal  was  to  merge  data  from  additional  sensors  in  the  production  environment,  route  them  through  the  network  and  connect  them  to  the  existing  manufacturing  execution  system.  therefore,  bosch  connected  devices  and  solutions  implemented  a  comprehensive  solution  by  retrofitting  the  into  their  production  line.  thanks  to  the  xdk  and  its  sensors  they  can  now  measure  all  data  relevant  to  industrial
__label__machineconditionmonitoring processes  like  temperature,  pneumatic  pressure,  vibration  and  more.  they  created  an  iot  solution,  which  enables  condition  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  as  a  result,  developers  have  all  the  data  they  need  to  identify  problems  before  they  occur.  this  allows  them  to  implement  a  solution  at  the  right  time,  which  reduces  their  downtimes  and  costs  and  increases  their  efficiency.  this  solution  is  scalable  and  could  also  be  applied  to  your  industrial  sector.  do  you  want  to  find  out  more  about  this  use  case?  in  logistics,  it  is  particularly  important  that  freight  is  transferred  safely  from  a  to  b.  especially  with  sensitive  goods,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring such  as  paintings,  it  is  important  that  they  are  protected  from  environmental  changes  like  variations  in  temperature,  humidity,  tilt,  shocks  and  position  variations.  otherwise,  the  damages  could  be  invaluable  and  cost  thousands  of  euros.  the  galleria  nazionale  di  arte  moderna  e  contemporanea  in  rome  possesses  one  of  the  greatest  collections  of  modern  and  contemporary  italian  art.  when  the  art  objects  have  to  move  to  another  art  exhibition,  they  require  all  the  safety  standards.  for  this  reason,  the  galleria  nazionale  used  a  data  logger  to  monitor  the  transportation  of  pellizza  da  volpedos  masterpiece,  il  sole.  by  attaching  the  to  the  freight,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  measurements  are  recorded,  sent  via  bluetooth  and  visualized  via  a  mobile  application.  thus,  the  influences  can  be  controlled  at  any  time.  in  addition,  the  time  and  location  are  determined  if  certain  influences  are  exceeded.  in  this  use  case  the  tdl  ensured  that  all  environmental  influences  were  in  compliance  at  all  times.  therefore,  the  masterpiece  il  sole  arrived  safely  at  the  exhibition.  in  addition,  costs  have  been  reduced  around  30,  compared  to  the  previously  used  sensor  devices.  do  you  want  to  learn  more  about  data  logging  in  transportation?  it  is  at  least  as  important  in  agriculture  as  it  is  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industry  that  certain  environmental  influences  are  kept  under  control.  a  special  example  for  this  are  mushroom  farms,  which  exist  in  indonesia.  these  mushrooms  require  specific  growth  conditions,  such  as  a  steady  high  humidity  and  temperature  to  ensure  optimal  growth.  in  indonesia,  these  values  can  vary  greatly  at  certain  times  of  the  year  and  endanger  the  mushroom  harvest.  in  most  rural  communities,  farmers  rely  solely  on  experience  and  human  judgement  to  determine  these  conditions.  occasionally,  some  changes  in  environmental  conditions  cannot  be  detected  quickly  enough  and  as  a  consequence  the  sensitive  yield  is  at  risk.  this  often  results  in  expensive  damages
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  threatens  the  livelihood  of  the  farmers.  therefore,  the  use  of  a  programmable  sensor  devices  could  assist  the  farmer  tremendously.  in  a  joint  project  called  localforlocal,  bosch  singapore  and  the  university  of  polytechnic  singapore  ensured  the  tracking  of  live  sensor  data  with  the  help  of  the  sensor  device  crossdomain  development  kit  from  bosch.  the  live  sensor  data  was  made  available  24/7  for  the  farmers  via  online  platform.  furthermore,  watering  and  feedback  buttons  were  included  into  the  solution  to  indicate  watering  activity  and  yield.  additionally,  an  sms  notification  feature  was  implemented  to  send  alerts  if  the  farm  conditions  went  out  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring range.  these  measures  ensured  that  the  mushroom  farmer  produced  goods  with  higher  quality  and  even  maximized  his  yield.  have  a  look  at  this  use  case,  to  find  out  more  about  the  use  of  xdk  in  rural  agriculture  there  are  many  more  interesting  use  cases  of  retrofittable  iot  sensor  solutions.  these  include,  for  example,  room  temperature  control  in  office  buildings,  the  doityourself  smart  home  variant,  the  fight  against  cybersecurity  with  the  help  of  iot  and  many  more.  according  to  gartner,  more  than  half  of  large  business  processes  will  be  networked  in  some  way  with  the  iot  by  2020.  connect  yourself  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring well  do  you  want  to  be  part  of  this  progress?  start  retrofitting  your  company  today  we  from  bosch  connected  devices  and  solutions  will  be  glad  to  assist  you  as  your  .  thanks  for  reading  share  this  on:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring design  news  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  serving  the  21st  century  design  engineer  condition  monitoring,  a  technology  that  has  been  slowly  moving  forward  for  a  number  of  years,  is  reaching  toward  its  potential  with  new  solutions  for  low  voltage  motors.  monitoring  the  operating  condition  of  motors  has  obvious  availability  and  productivity  benefits,  enabling  a  new  level  of  preventive
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance.  but  now  the  combination  of  compact  sensors,  cloud  connectivity,  and  application  software  is  creating  a  new  level  of  operating  data  transparency.  at  this  years  sps  ipc  drives  show,  siemens  demonstrated  the  connectivity  of  simotics  iq,  its  new  iot  concept  for  simotics  drive  technology.  image  source:  siemens  at  the  recent  sps  show  in  nuremberg,  germany,  siemens  demonstrated  a  new  iot  concept  for  its  simotics  drive  technology  for  monitoring  the  operating  condition  of  low  voltage  motors  using  a  connection  to  the  mindsphere  open  iot  operating  system.  using  a  compact  sensor  box  to  capture  operating  and  condition  parameters,  and  transmit  them  via
__label__machineconditionmonitoring wifi  to  the  cloud,  operating  data  can  then  be  analyzed  by  the  simotics  iq  mindapp  on  mindsphere.  improved  monitoring  of  key  performance  indicators  such  as  temperature  or  transient  oscillation  allows  the  user  to  react  more  quickly  to  changing  conditions.  by  applying  specifically  configurable  warning  limits  and  intelligent  analytics,  the  customer  can  plan  maintenance  activities  and  react  before  plant  downtime  occurs.  by  integrating  several  motors,  simotics  iq  mindapp  is  able  to  not  only  support  the  full  condition,  monitoring  range  but  also  to  manage  an  installed  fleet  including  distinct  areas  such  as  energy  consumption  or  maintenance  scheduling.  recently,  abb  also  introduced  its
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ability  smart  sensor  condition  monitoring  solution  targeting  low  voltage  motors.  by  monitoring  and  analyzing  data  on  motor  operating  parameters,  abb  claims  this  approach  will  enable  motors  to  reduce  downtime  by  as  much  as  70  percent,  extend  motor  lifetimes  by  up  to  30  percent  and  reduce  energy  consumption  by  up  to  10.  smart  sensing  technology  is  implemented  using  a  compact  sensor  unit  that  attaches  to  motors  without  the  need  for  wiring.  selected  ranges  of  abb  lv  motors  can  be  factoryfitted  with  the  sensors  as  an  option  or,  for  already  installed  motors,  retrofit  kits  are  available  that  enable  motors  to  be  field
__label__machineconditionmonitoring upgraded  with  sensors.  the  sensor  monitors  motor  signals  and  measures  key  parameters  at  regular  intervals.  at  this  point,  it  transfers  the  data  using  bluetooth  to  a  smartphone  but  the  future  plan  is  to  communicate  with  an  abb  gateway  and  ultimately  to  a  secure  cloudbased  server.  using  the  abb  ability  smart  sensor  app,  users  can  check  the  status  of  motors  with  a  smartphone.  the  interface  provides  a  traffic  light  display  and  quick  overview  of  all  the  motors  that  are  being  monitored,  and  recommendations  on  how  to  optimize  maintenance  and  reduce  costs.  the  simplicity  of  combining  smart  sensors,  wireless  communications  and  cloud
__label__machineconditionmonitoring connectivity  seems  to  offer  a  path  for  implementing  condition  monitoring  on  a  much  wider  basis,  even  if  the  initial  products  are  targeting  low  voltage  motors.  it  will  be  interesting  to  see  how  quickly  these  innovations  will  spread  to  additional  areas  but  almost  certainly  this  general  approach  offers  a  workable  solution  for  accurate  monitoring  of  motor  parameters  that  can  potentially  be  used  to  implement  much  stronger  preventive  maintenance  programs.  work  on  advanced  algorithms  for  condition  monitoring,  especially  for  motor/drive  systems,  has  been  in  the  works  for  years.  but  now  it  seems  that  the  extensive  knowhow  developed  to  analyze  motor  data  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring produce  meaningful  information  is  also  being  driven  by  new  methods  that  could  help  propel  much  higher  levels  of  adoption.  the  continuing  education  center  offers  engineers  an  entirely  new  way  to  get  the  education  they  need  to  formulate  nextgeneration  solutions.  focus  on  fundamentals  consists  of  45minute  online  classes  that  cover  a  host  of  technologies.  you  learn  without  leaving  the  comfort  of  your  desk.  all  classes  are  taught  by  subjectmatter  experts  and  all  are  archived.  so  if  you  cant  attend  live,  attend  at  your  convenience.  recommended  reading  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring do  you  know  it  is  possible  to  determine  the  health  of  the  machine  overcome  the  problem  of  machine  failure?  equipment  downtime  and  poor  performance  can  cost  your  company  a  lot,  but  with  the  right  technologies  like  condition  monitoring  and  reliability  practices,  it  is  possible  to  determine  the  nature  and  severity  of  fault  conditions  months  before  the  machine  would  fail.  condition  monitoring  with  wireless  iot  and  cloudbased  software  empowers  industry  professionals  to  get  ahead  of  equipment  problems  and  avoid  downtime  by  accessing  current,  vibration  and  temperature  data  from  anywhere  in  a  plant  at  any  given  time.  also  for  critical  machines,  vibration
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  is  essential.  vibration  screening  allows  teams  to  be  notified  of  abnormal  vibration,  further  analyze  and  diagnose  with  vibration  testers  to  identify  the  fault  if  abnormalities  occur,  and  perform  the  right  corrective  action  at  the  right  time.  therefore,  condition  monitoring  and  vibration  screening  strengthen  maintenance  and  reliability  programs  resulting  in  even  lower  costs  and  better  performance.  the  top  five  benefits  of  vibration  screening  and  cloudbased  conditional  monitoring  software  are:  the  errors  which  result  in  failure  of  pumps  and  motors  are  due  to  human  error,  operator  error  or  maintenance  error.  in  pumps,  motors  and  most  other  rotating  equipment,  the  four  most
__label__machineconditionmonitoring common  faults  are  misalignment,  looseness,  imbalance  and  bearing  wear.  all  these  can  cause  increased  power  consumption,  vibration  and  stress  on  shafts.  this  article  will  discuss  the  causes  of  these  faults  and  how  best  to  detect  and  how  to  use  screening  to  gain  early  notification  of  them  to  avoid  asset  damage  or  failure.  as  there  are  various  modes  of  failure  of  rotating  assets,  including  pump  and  motors,  but  there  are  high  chances  that  one  of  these  four  failure  modes  was  involved.  pump  shaft  misalignment  occurs  when  one  shaft  or  surface  is  moved  from  its  desired  position.  these  movements  can  lead  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring misalignment  in  the  entirety  or  partial  sections  of  a  pumping  system.  misalignment  in  pump  shafts  can  also  result  in  an  increase  in  resultant  forces  that  change  the  angles  and  orientations  into  new  resultant  load  directions.  misalignment  may  be  caused  by  pumps  can  at  times  seem  as  if  they  are  misaligned,  have  bad  bearings,  or  are  overheating,  but  the  cause  is  often  an  imbalance  in  the  pump  assembly  or  another  component.  imbalance  also  causes  vibration  and  heat  buildup.  impellers  should  be  precision  balanced,  which  has  a  huge  impact  on  the  life  of  the  pump  bearings.  imbalance  may  be  caused  by:  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring shaft,  foundation,  or  a  component  may  become  loose.  this  causes  forces  that  lead  to  excessive  vibration  and  increases  the  wear  in  the  bearings  and  seals.  it  may  also  cause  baseplate  problems,  including  soft  foot;  loose  bolts;  cracks  in  a  frame;  or  improper  fit  between  components,  including  impeller  clearances.  if  not  identified  and  corrected,  looseness  will  shorten  the  assets  and  other  components  lives,  ultimately  causing  failure.  looseness  may  be  caused  by:  bearing  wear  is  usually  caused  by  other  factors  acting  on  the  bearings.  if  the  bearings  are  failing  prematurely,  the  other  lowlevel  faults  imbalance,  misalignment,  or  looseness  may  be  the  cause.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring causes  of  bearing  wear  are:  sensors  are  placed  on  assets  pump,  rotatory  machine  to  fetch  realtime  vibration  data  on  the  cloud  based  software.  sensor  will  be  placed  and  mount  on  the  asset  with  epoxy,  included  adhesive,  magnetic  or  other  fasteners.  all  rotating  machines  experience  vibration.  pumps  and  motors  have  different  faults  that  vibration  screening  can  identify.  the  trick  to  obtaining  the  most  accurate  data  is  placing  the  sensors  on  the  correct  locations  for  each  asset  and  selecting  the  correct  sensor  for  the  vibration  frequency.  pumps  and  motors  transmit  their  vibrations  from  the  shaft  to  the  bearings  to  the  housing  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring then  to  the  casing.  each  sensor  should  be  installed  so  it  is  mechanically  coupled  properly  to  detect  the  energy.  avoid  locations  that  may  dampen  or  absorb  the  vibrations.  a  remote  vibration  sensor  is  small  enough  to  fit  in  hardtoreach  places  and  affordable  enough  to  place  on  multiple  locations  on  equipment  for  example,  four  test  points.  precise  placement  increases  accuracy  and  reduces  the  time  it  takes  to  screen  an  asset.  the  data  generated  from  many  sensors  are  wirelessly  transmitted  and  stored  using  the  cloudbased  condition  monitoring  software.  many  software  programs  have  an  app  that  can  be  downloaded  to  a  smart  device
__label__machineconditionmonitoring or  pc,  allowing  teams  to  remotely  monitor  asset  health  and  review  historical  data  anytime  and  almost  anywhere  with  an  internet  connection.  in  many  instances,  the  software  even  generates  automatic  alerts  when  measurements  travel  outside  safe  parameters,  notifying  maintenance  team  members  before  issues  become  critical.  with  vibration  screening,  early  indications  of  abnormalities  can  help  teams  do  the  following:  these  early  warnings  allow  teams  to  move  into  the  next  maintenance  level  above  screening  which  is  diagnosing.  this  way,  they  focus  on  machines  known  to  have  a  potential  problem  instead  of  monitoring  healthy  assets.  manage  preventive  predictive  maintenance  strategies  of  your  assets.  machine
__label__machineconditionmonitoring health  alerts  predictive  maintenance  analytics  to  analyze  asset  health.  machine  learning  based  predictions  for  anomaly  and  fault  detection.  to  find  out  more  about  iot  solutions  for  various  industries.  copyright  2019sensegrow  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring new  airplane  health  monitoring  technology  and  strategies  focus  on  acquiring  necessary  flight  data  and  faults  on  an  ondemand  basis,  knowing  when  systems  and  components  will  fail  before  they  do.  this  is  how  todays  airlines  are  monitoring  the  health  of  their  multimillion  dollar  assets.  commercial  airplane  health  monitoring  is  evolving  rapidly  both  technologically  and  conceptually.  airlines  and  airplane  original  equipment  manufacturers,  engine  makers,  sensor  suppliers  and  software  companies  are  all  working  in  an  interconnected  way  to  create  a  more  digital,  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  computingbased  approach  to  airplane  health  monitoring.  the  central  processes  for  airplane  health  monitoring  today  are  mostly
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  same  as  they  were  10  to  15  years  ago.  onboard  maintenance  computers  generate  fault  messages  about  safetycritical  systems  such  as  engines,  thrust  reversers,  auxiliary  power  units  and  more.  whats  changing  and  evolving  is  the  use  of  smarter  sensors  with  the  capabilities  of  storage  and  internal  processing,  as  well  as  easier  access  to  leveraging  cloud  computing,  iot,  data  analytics  and  custom  algorithms  and  application  programmable  interfaces  api  that  give  airlines  the  ability  to  operate  their  fleets  in  the  most  optimal  way.  at  the  2017  paris  air  show  in  june,  airbus  and  californiabased  software  services  company  palantir  announced  a  partnership  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring airlines  to  start  monitoring  the  health  of  their  airframes  in  a  new  way.  the  two  companies  unveiled  a  platform  called  skywise,  which  is  a  cloudbased  computer  technology  that  has  become  the  new  single  access  point  to  work  orders,  spares  consumption,  components  data,  fleet  configuration  and  onboard  sensor  data  for  every  individual  airbus  aircraft  type.  operational  interruption  history,  parts  replacements,  post  flight  reports,  pilot  reports,  aircraft  conditioning  monitoring  reports,  technical  documentation  and  service  bulletins  all  of  which  traditionally  have  been  hosted  on  isolated  servers  are  now  going  to  be  available  to  airline  maintenance  technicians  through  a  singular  api  that  gives  airlines
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ability  to  make  their  own  decisions  about  fixing  or  replacing  parts  or  operating  airplanes  in  a  different  way  based  on  all  of  the  available  data.  gary  smith,  head  of  engineering  for  easyjet,  said  the  u.k.based  lowcost  carrier  has,  in  collaboration  with  airbus,  created  a  data  repository  that  can  accept  data  from  its  entire  fleet.  the  platform  can  also  combine  that  data  with  other  sources,  such  as  easyjets  maintenance  and  flight  operations  systems.  previously  the  airlines  main  process  for  gaining  insight  on  failing  or  deteriorating  parts  or  systems  was  to  look  for  fault  patterns  on  board,  then  send  a  notification
__label__machineconditionmonitoring offboard.  now,  theyre  able  to  take  all  the  data  off  the  aircraft  and  do  the  processing  and  fault  detection  on  the  ground,  said  smith.  for  example,  if  we  have  a  problem  with  engine  vibration  we  previously  only  reported  engine  vibration  levels  during  takeoff  and  cruise  whereas  now  we  can  do  this  throughout  the  flight,  said  smith.  this  has  already  triggered  a  number  of  alerts  that  we  have  acted  upon.  with  airbus  and  palantir,  we  have  data  from  a  wide  range  of  systems  and  are  able  to  use  the  known  faults  to  reverse  engineer  predictive  maintenance  alerts.  we  can  look  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  fault,  work  out  what  causes  it,  identify  the  adverse  behavior  and  how  this  would  be  detectable  from  the  data  and  then  write  an  algorithm  to  detect  all  of  this.  that  is  what  we  save  and  is  constantly  running  against  all  the  data  across  all  the  fleet.  easyjet  flies  to  more  than  130  airports,  but  only  has  maintenance  and  spares  located  at  35  of  them.  therefore,  being  able  to  predict  faults  means  that  theyre  able  to  perform  necessary  maintenance  at  one  of  their  main  locations  versus  having  the  airplanes  fly  to  a  location  with  no  support  and  discover  a  major
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issue  that  could  cause  a  flight  delay.  smith  said  the  airline  focuses  on  monitoring  its  list  of  the  top  100  faults  that  that  could  cause  technical  disruption.  malte  kriszun,  fleet  engineer  for  swiss  airlines,  described  the  main  health  monitoring  feature  on  their  new  bombardier  c  series  as  using  a  centralized  computer  called  a  health  management  unit,  which  is  connected  to  the  aircraft  systems  as  well  as  the  air  data  computer,  and  generates  flight  data  and  reports,  such  as  those  for  the  engine  and  troubleshooting.  for  continuous  monitoring  independent  from  a  turnaround,  we  generate  about  30  mb  of  flight  data  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 30  to  40  mb  of  reports,  hence  about  60  to  70  mb  per  flight  in  total,  said  kriszun.  during  a  turnaround,  the  postflight  summary  and  generated  status  messages  will  be  looked  at.  as  operational  hours  continue  to  build  up,  the  european  carrier  and  bombardier  will  gain  a  better  understanding  of  what  systems  and  components  generate  certain  types  of  faults  on  a  regular  basis.  the  c  series  is  powered  by  the  pratt  whitney  geared  turbofan  engine,  equipped  with  5,000  sensors  capable  of  producing  up  to  10  gb  of  data  per  second.  swiss  airlines  also  has  a  fleet  of  airbus,  boeing  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring avro  aircraft.  airbus  and  boeing  both  have  their  own  health  monitoring  systems.  it  generally  works  in  a  similar  fashion,  but  differs  in  details.  on  the  c  series  there  are  additional  reports  full  flight  reports  that  the  others  do  not  offer  which  give  us  more  opportunities  to  analyze.  retrofitting  on  boeing  and  airbus  is  not  necessary  as  it  is  standard  equipment,  said  kriszun.  matthew  evans,  vice  president  of  digital  transformation  for  airbus,  says  the  oem  sees  skywise  continue  to  expand  in  applicability  and  customization  as  more  airlines  start  using  it.  skywise  as  a  platform  provides  the  foundation  for  the  future  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring airplane  health  management  for  airbus  operators.  currently,  in  addition  to  the  core  skywise  platform,  airlines  that  purchase  it  also  get  access  to  the  airbus  flight  operations  and  maintenance  exchanger  fomax  tool  for  a320s  and  a330s.  fomax  provides  access  to  the  full  range  of  sensor  data  available  on  both  families  of  aircraft:  facilitates  access  to  over  40  times  as  many  onboard  sensors  for  better  predictive  maintenance,  a  richer  view  of  ground  operations,  and  optimal  flight  operations.  airbus  plans  to  add  new  tools  and  dashboards  to  skywise  as  more  airlines  and  ecosystem  players  join  the  platform.  by  the  end  of  2018,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring full  airbus  customer  service  digital  suite,  including  navblue  applications,  will  run  on  the  skywise  platform,  said  evans.  according  to  evans,  prior  to  skywise,  access  to  massive  onboard  data  streams  was  only  available  on  airbus  airframes  that  were  being  flight  tested.  compared  with  flighttest  aircraft,  operational  aircraft  transmitted  to  the  airlines  less  than  2  of  the  data  collected,  he  said.  once  entryintoservice  was  complete,  the  majority  of  engineering  teams  moved  on  to  other  tasks,  as  there  was  little  operational  feedback  available  to  improve  designs.  fortunately  today  with  skywise,  operational  data  including  maintenance  records  and  onboard  sensors  is  available  to  both  airline
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  airbus  engineering  teams.  they  collaborate  seamlessly  on  a  shared  platform  to  resolve  operational  challenges  quickly,  to  develop  and  deploy  robust  predictive  alerts  that  minimize  disruptions,  and  finally  to  implement  rootcause  fixes  that  eliminate  issues.  all  four  airbus  commercial  aircraft  families  benefit  from  collaboration  on  skywise;  the  fleet  improvement  process  continues  to  accelerate,  said  evans.  outside  of  the  work  airbus  is  doing  at  the  airframe  oem  level,  suppliers  to  all  of  the  major  aircraft  oems  are  researching  and  introducing  new  technology  to  help  further  optimize  the  overall  airplane  health  monitoring  process.  for  example,  honeywell  just  introduced  its  new  integral  health
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  ihm  series  proximity  sensors  that  can  detect  when  a  sensor  has  been  damaged  or  otherwise  impacted,  and  have  the  ability  to  detect  most  internal  failures  and  display  a  fault  output  to  a  pilot  or  maintenance  worker.  on  the  engines  side,  pratt  whitneys  new  efast  system  on  the  pw1500gpowered  c  series  captures  5,000  engine  and  aircraft  parameters  and  4  million  data  points  during  a  typical  flight.  regardless  of  what  new  technologies  and  concepts  oems  introduce,  one  thing  that  will  remain  constant  is  that  airlines  will  continue  to  evolve  the  way  they  monitor  the  health  of  their  airframes,  according  to  easyjets
__label__machineconditionmonitoring smith.  we  have  a  development  roadmap  over  the  next  year  which  involves  merging  all  the  different  elements  of  the  work  done  so  far  into  a  common  platform;  we  are  also  looking  at  how  we  equip  the  fleet  to  a  common  standard  as  the  capabilities  of  the  latest  aircraft  are  much  greater  than  the  oldest  aircraft,  said  smith.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring blog  search  results  for  overall,  the  internet  of  things  and  machine  learning.  attaching  sensors  to  everything  only  becomes  worthwhile  when  we  can  predict,  control,  and  make  decisions  in  response  to  the  data.  ost  implementations  use  a  form  of  that  leverages  a  mixture  of  sound  and  vibration  analysis  to  decide  when  a  machine  may  be  working  outside  of  normal  conditions.  once  the  condition  monitoring  is  in  place,  parsing  through  thousands  of  data  points  is  necessary  to  decide  what  factors  truly  affect  the  status  of  the  machine.  without  machine  learning,  this  task  is  nearly  impossible.  acme  industrial  is  launching  an  initiative  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring improve  internal  processes  and  monitor  the  total  health  of  the  acme  facilities.  ideally,  this  system  will  generate  an  alert  if  there  are  any  problems  ahead.  using  the  same  data  set  and  insight,  acme  can  also  determine  the  health  of  their  facilities  as  the  pdm  will  have  details  about  the  current  status  of  equipment  in  the  facility.  to  create  this  acme  industrial  has  thousands  of  machines  in  their  manufacturing  facilities.  to  detect  problems,  acme  will  use  a  form  of  vibration  analysis.  vibration  analysis  is  efficient  on  most  rotating  equipment,  which  most  of  the  machines  in  their  facilities  contain.  to  calculate  vibration,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring acme  engineers  will  attach  accelerometers  to  each  of  the  machines  sending  the  .  next,  acme  must  determine  the  parameters  that  dictate  if  their  machines  are  failing  or  not.  unfortunately,  machine  learning  wont  automatically  predict  problems  or  anomalies  in  data.  you  must  first  start  with  a  problem  or  a  question.  then,  through  machine  learning,  an  answer  can  be  found.  here  is  acmes  question:  in  machine  learning,  this  is  a  considered  a  because  acme  is  looking  for  discrete  answers  in  a  data  set.  acmes  data  set  would  be  all  of  the  vibration  data  collected  from  the  machines.  acme  is  finding  one  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring two  things:  the  machine  is  operating  normally,  or  the  machine  is  likely  to  be  experiencing  a  failure.  with  a  data  collection  process  in  place,  a  complete  analysis,  and  data  sets  for  training  and  testing,  acme  can  now  build  a  model  to  answer  the  question.  cnn  are  typically  used  to  classify  images.  when  a  typical  image  classification  model  sees  an  image,  it  takes  a  long  list  of  numbers.  this  list  of  numbers  can  be  broken  into  subsets  of  3  that  represent  r,  g,  b  values  of  a  pixel.  then,  the  model  will  identify  which  pixels  in  that  image  determine  whether  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring not  that  image  contains  the  desired  answer.  acmes  machine  failure  detection  problem  directly  correlates  to  the  image  classification  problem.  from  the  vibration  data  collected,  each  accelerometer  will  output  values  of  x,  y,  and  z  data  similar  to  r,  g,  b  then  using  a  cnn  we  can  similarly  identify  which  vibration  parameters  determines  problems  in  our  machines,  or  likely  to  experience  failure.  is  a  very  iterative  process  that  can  be  done  .  after  training  the  model,  acme  found  that  using  this  method  we  can  predict  with  high  accuracy  if  the  machines  in  our  test  set  are  acme  will  now  be  able
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  use  this  model  to  predict  when  a  problem  is  likely  to  occur  on  a  machine.  along  with  a  percentage  likelihood,  the  model  will  also  output  a  percentage  confidence  of  the  prediction.  acme  can  combine  the  confidence  and  prediction  to  determine  when  to  perform  corrective  maintenance  on  the  machine.  overall,  this  insight  on  a  wide  array  of  machines  will  give  acme  the  ability  to  calculate  the  health  of  the  entire  facility.  a  requirement  of  the  pdm  is  to  have  an  automated  process  from  data  collection  to  decision.  with  a  prediction  system  in  place,  is  needed  to  make  decisions  and  generate
__label__machineconditionmonitoring notifications.  when  a  machine  reports  a  vibration  sample  to  the  model,  the  model  can  decide  if  the  machine  is  operating  normally,  or  if  the  machine  is  likely  to  be  experiencing  a  failure.  when  normal,  no  action  needs  to  take  place.  while  experiencing  a  failure,  a  support  ticket  can  be  created  immediately  to  alert  the  necessary  stakeholders.  the  end  solution  to  acmes  problem  and  provides  the  most  benefit  leverages  google  cloud  machine  learning  engine  google  cloud  ml  and  the  losant  iot  platform.  google  ml  engine  supports  and  of  models  in  the  cloud.  after  training  a  tensorflow  neural  network  to  detect  machine
__label__machineconditionmonitoring failures,  acme  can  deploy  and  use  the  model  to  make  predictions.  the  hardware  attached  to  the  machine  is  reporting  a  vibration  sample  to  losant  at  a  fixed  interval.  the  acme  application  in  losant  contains  a  that  is  listening  for  the  vibration  sample  using  a  device  trigger.  this  workflow  will  first  reshape  the  data.  supports  running  data  through  hosted  models  with  little  latency  via  an  api.  this  gives  the  ability  to  make  an  api  call  directly  to  the  in  the  workflow.  after  a  prediction  is  received,  we  can  decide  what  to  do  next.  in  the  example  below,  a  positive  result  will
__label__machineconditionmonitoring trigger  a  salesforce  case  ticket  to  be  opened.  this  system  and  toolchain  support  a  growing  iot  architecture.  with  google  ml  engine,  acme  can  continually  deploy,  retrain,  and  redeploy  models  to  gain  more  efficiencies.  changing  business  logic  or  decisions  made  from  the  predictions  are  a  simple  dragdrop  update  to  the  interface  in  losant.  additionally,  not  only  can  acme  iterate  quickly,  but  acme  can  create  new  models  to  answer  more  questions,  and  the  pdm  system  can  scale  to  support  it.  if  you  are  ready  to  improve  your  predictive  maintenance  through  machine  learning,  .  taron  has  been  the  technical  evangelist  at  losant  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring over  two  years.  he  creates  demos,  leads  meetup  events,  gives  engaging  talks,  and  more.  he  loves  whiskey,  learning,  and  handstands.  losant  is  an  enterprise  iot  platform  that  makes  it  easy  to  build  connected  solutions  that  produce  realtime  results.  copyright  2019,  all  rights  reserved.  /
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  aim  of  predictive  maintenance  pdmis  first  to  predict  when  equipment  failure  might  occur,  and  secondly,  to  prevent  the  occurrence  of  the  failure  by  performing  maintenance.  monitoring  for  future  failure  allows  maintenance  to  be  planned  before  the  failure  occurs.  ideally,  predictive  maintenance  allows  the  maintenance  frequency  to  be  as  low  as  possible  to  prevent  unplannedreactive  maintenance,  without  incurring  costs  associated  with  doing  too  muchpreventive  maintenance.  predictive  maintenance  uses  conditionmonitoring  equipment  to  evaluate  an  assets  performance  in  realtime.  a  key  element  in  this  process  is  the  internet  of  things  iot.  iot  allows  for  different  assets  and  systems  to  connect,  work  together,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  share,  analyze  and  action  data.  the  predictive  maintenance  market  size  is  estimated  to  grow  from  usd  1,404.3  million  in  2016  to  usd  4,904.0  million  by  2021,  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  28.4  during  the  forecast  period.  source:  predictive  maintenance  is  often  the  first  use  case  that  is  prioritized,  and  it  is  seldom  the  end  game.  in  manufacturing,  enabling  predictive  maintenance  provides  near  term  value  by  improving  oee  and  reducing  maintenance  costs.  in  the  longer  term,  it  enables  data  collection  that  supports  more  advanced  use  cases  such  as  lot  size  of  one  or  more  effective  or  flexible
__label__machineconditionmonitoring production  line  configurations.  in  machine  building,  any  time  it  is  proactive  rather  than  reactive,  there  is  an  opportunity  for  value  creation  for  example,  reducing  truck  rolls  sending  out  a  truck  for  maintenance  is  a  cost  saving  method.  in  the  longer  term,  it  enables  data  collection  that  supports  more  advanced  use  cases  such  as  asset  servitization.  in  the  airline  industry,  uptime  availability,  the  number  of  truck  rolls  sending  out  a  field  service  technician,  over  the  air  updates,  overall  asset  maintenance  cost  and  time  to  availability.  some  of  the  main  capabilities  are;  accurate  data  ingestion,  communication  of  data  in  near  realtime  requirements
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  differ  from  realtime  to  daily,  conversion  of  data  into  algorithms  that  provide  input  to  guide  decisions  in  reasonable  lead  time.  other  capabilities  include  the  amount  of  historical  data,  cleanliness  of  data,  ingestion  of  new  data,  legacy  footprint  in  regards  to  legacy  protocols  for  data  communication,  data  analysis  location  a  wide  array  of  field  assets  any  highvalue  equipment  that  has  a  high  downtime  cost  either  due  to  loss  or  productivity  or  a  resulting  bottleneck.  applicable  to  assets  ranging  from  medical  diagnostic  equipment  to  agriculture  equipment,  to  wind  turbines.  this  is  contingent  upon  the  situation  but  tends  to  be  a  hybrid
__label__machineconditionmonitoring solution.  ongoing  maintenance  of  the  system  can  be  handled  inhouse  by  the  corporate  it  team  or  by  an  external  system  integrator.  the  internal  or  external  it  team  will  own  the  data  flow  and  infrastructure  gateways,  notifications,  data  flow,  updates,  etc.  the  ot  team  will  incorporate  system  inputs  into  their  operational  activities.  the  end  user  can  be  the  system  owner  or  the  system  owner  can  be  a  machine  builder  while  the  end  user  is  the  equipment  operator.  if  the  operator  owns  the  system  they  will  not  share  with  the  machine  builder.  if  the  machine  builder  owns  the  system  they  may  share
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  with  the  operator  but  will  guard  their  data  is  possible.  leverage  matters  but  the  default  decision  are  to  not  share  data.  collecting  data  is  the  first  step  a  wide  array  of  sensors  can  be  selected.  the  selected  sensor  depends  upon  the  specific  asset  and  the  maintenance  objective.  interfaces  can  range  from  standard  equipment  interfaces  to  desktop  computers,  to  mobile  phones,  to  augmented  reality  ar  solutions.  a  mobile  phone  can  serve  as  a  lowcost  ar  device  to  provide  accurate  information  as  needed.  a  considerable  amount  of  historical  data  must  be  available.  in  some  cases  high  quality,  useful  data  is  readily
__label__machineconditionmonitoring available.  in  many  cases,  there  is  limited  data  or  the  data  is  not  useful  for  designing  the  algorithm.  it  capabilities  should  ideally  be  available  in  the  customer  organization  but  could  also  be  outsourced.  data  sharing  is  a  significant  challenge  both  across  companies  almost  impossible  and  even  across  equipment  owned  by  one  operator  due  to  use  of  different  communication  protocols.  deploying  in  process  manufacturing  or  other  facilities  that  are  running  24/7  can  be  particularly  challenging  due  to  the  need  to  install  technology  without  disrupting  operations.  green  patch  solutions  that  deploy  a  new  system  on  a  specific  production  line  in  a  larger
__label__machineconditionmonitoring facility  can  be  effective  for  establishing  value  before  a  large  investment.  location  can  be  a  challenge  in  specific  environments  such  as  a  deep  earth  mine  or  an  offshore  oil  rig.  regulatory  challenges  vary  greatly  by  industry.  in  medical  and  financial  challenges  can  be  significant.  any  time  data  from  a  medical  device  is  accessed  or  an  external  system  impacts  device  operations  there  will  be  regulatory  implications.  the  regulatory  challenges  will  vary  depending  on  the  application.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring learn  more  about  the  latest  development  in  the  fields  of  indoor  positioning,  indoor  navigation  and  indoor  tracking.  0  the  internet  of  things  has  taken  the  evolution  of  sensors  to  a  different  level.  smart  sensors  such  as  infrared,  ultrasound,  light,  humidity,  motion,  pressure,  air  quality  etc.  are  used  to  capture  realtime  data  which  can  then  be  analyzed  and  made  available  to  improve  decision  making,  traceability,  quality  assurance  and  process  control.  this  blog  post  aims  to  provide  details  of  technology  and  applications  of  different  sensors  used  in  condition  monitoring  practices.  continuous  monitoring  of  environmental  fluctuations  plays  a  vital  role  in  protecting  valuable
__label__machineconditionmonitoring assets  from  adverse  conditions,  vastly  improving  operations,  quality  and  regulatory  compliance  and  allowing  the  implementation  of  predictive  maintenance  systems.  condition  sensor  networks  have  many  applications  such  as  industrial  automation,  energy  management,  environmental  monitoring,  disaster  management  etc.  they  are  easily  integrated  for  retrofit  or  mobile/moving  components.  sensor  information  may  be  directly  attributed  to  an  object  through  tags  or  embedded  sensors  or  may  be  inferred  through  the  objects  context  for  example,  the  humidity  of  the  warehouse.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  key  sensors,  extensively  being  used  in  the  iot  world:  many  processes  require  specific  environment  temperature  or/and  device  temperature.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintaining  proper  conditions  during  the  storage  and  transportation  of  perishable  inventory  such  as  pharmaceutical  products  or  food  is  critical  for  the  quality  delivery  of  those  goods.  reliable  temperature  management  is  essential  to  guarantee  that  the  product  remains  in  the  best  possible  condition.  temperature  control  is  an  effective  way  of  slowing  bacterial  growth,  maintaining  quality  and  minimizing  spoilage.  furthermore,  temperature  sensors  have  found  their  way  into  room  automation  systems,  precisely  controlling  actuators  such  as  heating  and  cooling  valves  or  ventilation  dampers  based  on  room  conditions.  related  use  case:  relative  humidity  rh  and  temperature  almost  always  go  hand  in  hand.  for  example,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fresh  products  in  a  low  humidity  environment  might  be  less  susceptible  to  raised  temperature  but  in  a  high  humidity  environment,  a  raised  temperature  could  have  a  more  significant  impact  and  bring  about  a  faster  deterioration.  infrared  sensors  are  a  suitable  option  for  many  applications  that  need  to  detect  surface  temperatures  and  object  movements.  they  work  as  presence  detectors  in  safety  systems,  for  patient  recognition  in  medical  environments  or  for  temperature  measurement  in  industrial  process  control.  related  use  case:  ultrasonic  sensors  work  in  much  the  same  way  as  radar  and  sonar  and  are  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  to  measure
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  distance  of  people/objects.  they  can  also  be  used  to  determine  the  level  of  liquid  or  solid  material  in  closed  containers.  ultrasonic  sensing  devices  detect  objects  regardless  of  their  material,  color  or  surface  and  are  a  reliable  solution  for  harsh  and  demanding  conditions.  related  use  case:  presence  detectors  use  infrared  to  detect  the  presence  or  absence  of  people  or  an  object.  it  monitors  the  detection  zone  for  occupancy  if  a  person  is  sensed,  the  detector  will  automatically  trigger  an  action  such  as  turning  the  lighting  on.  light  sensors  are  electronic  devices  that  indicate  the  intensity  of  daylight  or  artificial  light.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  have  several  uses  in  industrial  and  everyday  consumer  applications.  for  example,  they  can  detect  the  amount  of  light  in  a  room  and  raise  /  lower  the  blinds  or  switch  on  /  off  the  lights  automatically  to  improve  the  comfort  level  in  a  room.  related  use  case:  co2  sensors  are  used  to  monitor  changes  of  the  air  quality  and  detect  the  presence  of  carbon  dioxide.  they  are  commonly  used  for  monitoring  indoor  air  quality  in  office  buildings,  schools,  hospitals  or  smart  homes.  moreover,  they  can  be  used  for  realtime  monitoring  of  quality,  freshness,  and  safety  of  agricultural  and  food  products,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring since  carbon  dioxide  can  be  used  as  a  protective  gas  to  prevent  the  growth  of  bacteria  and  fungi.  barometric  pressure  sensors  measure  pressure  fluctuations  exerted  by  the  atmosphere  and  play  an  important  role  in  process  and  quality  control  in  industrial  environments.  they  are  widely  applied  in  systems  where  a  constant  monitoring  and  control  of  pressures  is  crucial  for  operational  processes.  their  use  is  ideal  for  clean  rooms,  hospitals  and  computer  rooms.  we  are  yet  to  see  the  full  potential  sensor  technologies  carries,  as  the  iot  is  becoming  smarter  through  the  fusion  of  all  the  sensors  mentioned  above.  infsoft  sensor  tags
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fulfill  the  promise  of  ubiquitous  sensor  systems  providing  situational  awareness.  they  allow  the  monitoring  and  logging  of  temperature,  humidity,  motion,  and  other  environmental  conditions.  great  introduction  to  the  topic  of  indoor  positioning  smart  offices  are  beneficial  to  businesses  as  well  as  to  their  employees.  in  this  article,  several  applications  for  smart  offices  and  used  technologies  are  described.  this  blog  post  outlines  what  occupancy  monitoring  systems  can  look  like  and  how  they  can  lead  to  better  space  management  in  commercial  and  office  buildings.  smart  connected  locations  is  infsofts  guiding  principle  and  at  the  same  time  the  name  of  our  platform,  which
__label__machineconditionmonitoring collects,  integrates,  connects,  prepares  and  provides  location  based  data.  this  article  describes  possible  applications  of  positioning  and  condition  sensors  in  the  tunnel  industry  and  their  benefits.  get  to  know  infsoft  better  and  watch  our  corporate  film.  in  industrial  applications,  a  large  number  of  sensor  technologies  are  used  to  improve  processes  and  make  them  more  efficient.  with  the  help  of  tracking  solutions,  processes  can  not  only  be  optimized  in  production  facilities,  but  also  the  working  environment  of  people  can  be  made  more  efficient  and  more  pleasant.  infsoft  has  been  offering  ,  ,  and  since  2005.  besides  the  development  of  allinone  solutions
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  future  is  here.  things  we  take  for  granted  nowadaysvideo  calling,  automatic  language  translation,  autonomous  vehicles,  advanced  robotics,  computing  powerhouses  in  cell  phoneswere  just  the  stuff  of  science  fiction  fantasy  a  mere  15  to  20  years  ago.  today,  technology  is  faster,  better,  and  more  accessible.  at  the  same  time,  computing  itself  has  become  cheaper,  as  have  transferring  data,  bandwidth  and  storage.  the  speed  with  which  this  technology  has  progressed,  along  with  inexpensive  and  widespread  connectivity,  has  produced  an  abundance  of  smart  devicesespecially  in  the  consumer  space.  wearables,  fitness  trackers,  aienabled  and  connected  speakers,  security  cameras,  smart  thermostats,  and  other  appliances
__label__machineconditionmonitoring have  become  part  of  our  everyday  life.  in  some  cases,  however,  product  designers  focus  so  keenly  on  connectivity  that  the  primary  function  of  a  product  slips  into  background,  raising  questions  about  practicality  does  anyone  really  need  an  appenabled,  connected  toothbrush?.  in  other  instances,  the  drive  for  socalled  product  smartificationand  rushed  timelines  lead  to  disastrous  results  regarding  security.  so  we  end  up  with  iotenabled  kettles  that  leak  wifi  passwords  to  anyone  who  bothers  to  snoop  on  the  radio  spectrum,  or  baby  monitors  that  stream  live  video  of  infants  on  the  dark  web.  thats  an  unfortunate  side  effect  of  affordable  and  accessible
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technology  available  to  any  product  manufacturer  in  the  world.  in  any  event,  estimates  are  that  the  number  of  connected  products  will  be  anywhere  between  20  and  50  billion  by  2020.  whatever  the  exact  figure,  though,  its  important  that  the  new  generation  of  connected  and  intelligent  products  bring  additional  value  to  the  customer.  the  scenario  for  industry  is  another  thing.  its  reason  for  creating  connected  and  intelligent  products  differs  from  that  of  consumers.  consumers  typically  want  products  with  a  single  functionhealth  and  fitness  tracking,  heating  and  other  smart  home  applications,  security  surveillance,  and  behavioral  analytics,  for  example.  these  products  deliver  specialized
__label__machineconditionmonitoring vertical  solutions  or  services  smartphones  and  tablets,  which  are  multipurpose  iot  devices,  are  the  exception.  in  industry,  by  contrast,  connected  assets  typically  help  cut  operational  costs,  are  generally  more  efficient,  and  add  to  topline  improvements.  they  decrease  maintenance  expenses,  reduce  truck  rolls,  and  keep  spare  parts  inventories  in  check.  as  well,  they  can  make  sure  field  service  has  the  best  firstvisitfix  ratio,  and  that  leadership  has  better  visibility  into  the  manufacturing  process  or  deployed  assets  performance.  in  todays  post  ill  focus  on  industrial  assets  that  are  making  rapid  strides  into  the  digital  era.  for  these  purposes  im  using  the  word
__label__machineconditionmonitoring asset  to  refer  to  products,  machines  and  devices  with  a  life  span  of  10  to  20  years  or  more.  im  also  talking  about  highly  valued  assets  with  complex  bills  of  material  bom.  that  covers  everything  from  wind  turbines,  power  generators,  oil  rig  pumps,  industrial  printers,  mri  scanners  to  earth  moving  bulldozers,  locomotives,  and  agricultural  equipment.  ill  also  look  at  typical  use  cases  and  provide  brief  insights  about  the  applicability  of  smart  assets.  as  well,  ill  suggest  ways  some  assets  can  help  mature  a  firms  overall  strategy.  im  saving  a  discussion  about  smart  cities  for  another  time  because  the  topic  deserves
__label__machineconditionmonitoring its  own  post.  the  first  concern  many  people  have  had  is  about  making  the  install  base  more  visible.  universally,  maintenance  heads  have  wanted  to  know  where  their  assets  are,  who  owns  them,  and  what  is  the  installed  configuration.  asset  management  systems  were  born  to  answer  these  needs,  but  they  havent  addressed  all  the  problems.  data  populated  at  the  point  of  sale  or  shipment  can  remain  static  after  assets  change  ownership,  locations  or  have  been  reconfigured.  that  makes  asset  management  more  complicated  as  the  time  goes  by.  in  the  smart  asset  era,  though,  firms  can  rectify  most  of  these  issues.  one
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reason:  new  industrial  assets  come  out  of  the  factory  with  the  intelligence  baked  in  thanks  to  cheap  computing,  instrumented  components,  and  affordable  connectivity.  another  reason:  existing  assets  can  be  retrofitted  with  addon  computing  capabilities,  sensors,  actuators,  encoders  and  data  acquisition  modules.  that  means  an  asset  can  now  report  its  location,  configuration  and  additional  metadata,  such  as  ownership  information,  license  status,  and  so  on.  that  achieves  the  goal  of  having  visibility  into  the  install  base.  once  the  plumbing  is  donesensors  are  present  and  relevant  data  is  flowing  to  the  clouda  door  opens  for  the  next  use  case  that  allows  for  remote
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  of  devices.  as  software  becomes  more  prevalent,  remote  troubleshooting  can  resolve  many  issues.  systems  can  perform  recalibrations,  configuration  changes,  software  and  firmware  patchingor  simply  rebootremotely.  whats  more,  customer  care  teams  can  now  potentially  perform  diagnostics  using  cloudbased  apps  that  send  commands  down  to  the  asset.  these  are  the  core  functionalities  of  an  iot  remote  monitoring  and  diagnostic  rmd  solution.  most  manufacturers  of  smart  products  and  industrial  devices  nowadays  have  reached  maturity  with  rmd.  obviously,  this  type  of  iotpowered  solution  optimizes  costs  and  is  tremendously  valuable.  service  departments  are  particularly  aware  of  how  rmd  reduces  onsite  visits,  produces  a  better
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ratio  of  fix  on  first  visit  and  improves  customer  satisfaction.  rmd  is  a  great  starting  point,  but  its  just  the  beginning.  i  strongly  believe  the  next  set  of  use  cases  can  unlock  enormous  business  value.  todays  technology  is  such  that  you  can  apply  predictive  maintenance  pm  and  avoid  unplanned  downtime  thanks  to  advances  in  machine  learning  and  data  science.  we  can  now  combine  information  from  multiple  sources,  such  as  streamed  machine  data,  operational  parameters,  and  asset  management  inputs.  when  we  add  that  to  historical  maintenance  records,  rootcause  analysis  reports,  and  expertise  in  mechanical  engineering,  its  possible  to  spot  anomalies  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring correlate  them  with  early  symptoms  of  future  failures.  selflearning  models  improve  with  every  iteration  and  retrain  when  new  data  is  available  making  them  even  more  accurate  over  time.  whats  more,  we  can  now  use  a  wide  range  of  datasciencerelated  technologies  to  build  asset  reliability  models  that  are  the  basis  of  predictive  maintenance  solutions.  but  ill  cover  that  topic  in  a  separate  post.  at  any  rate,  predictive  maintenance  is  a  game  changer  for  many  maintenance  and  service  organizations.  it  saves  millions  by  avoiding  unplanned  downtime  for  industrial  assets  such  as  energyproducing  generators,  mining  operations,  aircraft  engines,  oil  pumps,  and  locomotives.  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring when  it  comes  to  health  equipment  and  human  safety,  it  also  helps  prevent  collateral  damage  and  saves  lives  before  small  failures  escalate  into  fullblown  catastrophes.  and  this  is  not  the  end  of  journey.  when  a  service  organization  combines  the  power  of  iot  and  analytics  by  deploying  rmd  and  pm  solutions,  it  can  realize  even  more  business  benefits.  at  this  point,  weve  discussed  how  rmd  has  improved  the  way  assets  perform  in  the  field.  weve  also  described  how  we  can,  with  significant  accuracy,  predict  failures  in  all  critical  components  thanks  to  pm.  the  next  logical  step:  optimizing  spareparts  inventory  to  free
__label__machineconditionmonitoring up  working  capital  by  avoiding  overstocking.  understocking,  too,  can  have  significant  consequences  and  endanger  business  continuity.  this  solution  predicts  the  lifespan  of  critical  components  across  a  fleet  of  assets  and  generates  buy/nobuy  decisions.  this  use  case  is  especially  important  for  organizations  dealing  with  assets  with  overly  complex  boms,  with  long  lead  times,  such  as  manufacturing,  transport  or  installation,  or  with  madetoorder  parts  that  are  typically  expensive.  another  branch  of  iotenabled  benefits  is  in  the  integration  between  asset  management,  rmd,  and  pm  solutions  which  taps  into  service  force  schedule  and  dispatch  functionality.  a  seamless  flow  like  that  produces  astounding  customer  satisfaction.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring heres  how  it  works.  industrial  devices  report  their  conditions,  rmd  collects  data,  and  pm  predicts  failures.  armed  with  all  that  information,  a  field  service  system  can  plan,  schedule,  and  dispatch  field  technicians  equipped  with  all  the  tools,  parts,  and  knowledge  required  to  fix  the  problem  on  first  visit.  the  upshot:  fewer  service  calls,  field  technicians  work  proactively  on  a  predictable  schedule  and  customers  are  delighted  because  theirbusiness  experiences  little  or  no  disruption.  with  an  endtoend  information  flow,  field  technicians  can  have  visibility  into  a  realtime  data  when  dealing  with  a  faulty  device.  mobile  solutions  with  humanmachine  interfaces  provide  a  live
__label__machineconditionmonitoring view  of  operating  conditions,  current  and  historical  alerts,  plus  feed  from  knowledgebased  systems,  and  stepbystep  maintenance  instructions.  and  we  havent  even  begun  to  consider  additional  benefits  that  advanced  visualization  technologies,  such  as  augmented  reality,  virtual  reality  and  mixed  reality  can  bring.  i  focused  on  one  benefit  in  each  of  the  use  cases  i  just  discussed,  but  in  fact,  the  spectrum  of  benefits  is  broad  and  rich.  depending  on  your  organization,  business  priorities,  maturity  levels  and  strategy  you  may  well  select  other  starting  use  cases  for  your  smart  assets  management  solution.  but  its  best  to  keep  the  big  picture  in  mind.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring strategy  is  the  guiding  light  of  your  overall  digital  transformation  journey.  heres  a  map  of  example  solutions  and  typical  transitions  that  most  organizations  follow  as  their  iot  maturity  evolves:  clearly,  i  havent  dealt  with  the  wide  range  of  the  options  these  new  technologies  make  possible.  in  fact,  iot  and  industrial  analytics  can  offer  so  much  more.  heres  a  quick  look  at  a  few  prospects.  in  future  posts,  ill  go  into  greater  detail.  connected  devices  are  creating  a  wave  of  new  businesses  under  the  collective  name  product  as  a  service  paas.  in  many  cases  paas  replaces  tangible  products,  providing  power  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  hour  for  aircraft  engines  or  compressed  air  as  a  service  for  industrial  applications.  at  a  recent  hannover  messe  exhibition  i  even  saw  bearings  as  a  service.  these  new  business  models  can  live  in  parallel  to  traditional  products  but  offer  a  different  experience  to  the  end  customer.  in  many  cases,  theyll  also  lower  the  initial  cost  of  entry.  using  industrial  analytics,  organizations  can  take  a  critical  look  at  suppliers  and  their  performance.  they  can  identify  troublesome  components  in  their  smart  assets  and  learn  the  operational  cost  implications  of  their  current  warranties.  should  asset  manufacturers  extend  a  warranty  with  their  suppliers,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring paying  more  for  a  longer  sla  but  saving  in  the  long  run  on  device  maintenance?  or  should  they  seek  shorter  warranties,  paying  less  to  the  supplier  and  risking  extra  costs  if  components  fail  quickerbut  getting  benefits  if  components  prove  to  be  reliable?  machine  performance  data  delivers  these  insights,  and  by  applying  industrial  analytics,  can  convert  to  actions.  ar  and  vr  can  help  train  field  service,  new  staff,  and  users.  we  are  already  seeing  the  first  applications  of  ar  replacing  traditional  user  manuals.  blockchain  is  a  great  asset  life  cycle  management  tool.  its  especially  useful  for  highticket  assets  that  change  ownership
__label__machineconditionmonitoring over  time.  on  another  hand,  blockchain  contracts  in  a  digitalized  supply  chain  are  fully  traceable  and  auditable  through  every  device,  component,  part,  and  material.  over  a  time,  everything  weve  discussed  here  will  produce  really  smart  assets  and  will  bring  us  devices  that  are  autonomous,  intelligent,  selfhealing,  and  selfimproving.  science  fiction  fantasy?  maybe.  but  remember  what  we  said  about  automatic  language  translation  or  autonomous  vehicles  20  years  ago.  copyright  genpact  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring readytodeploy  accelerator  solutions  for  common  iot  use  cases.  agile,  scalable,  secure,  and  complete  enterprise  iot  software.  a  curated  library  of  reusable  iot  solution  elements.  robust  strategy  guides  on  iot  business  and  technology  concepts.  realworld  success  stories  of  exositepowered  iot  implementation.  insightful  iot  use  cases  leveraging  exosite  features  and  functionality.  iot  tactical  advice,  tech  trends,  exosite  happenings,  and  more.  dont  see  your  use  case?  meet  exosites  enterprise  iot  solution  framework.  most  iot  solutions  use  80  of  the  same  technical  elements,  regardless  of  the  industry  or  application.  weve  put  that  reality  to  work  with  microvertical  engine,  a  solution  framework  that  provides  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring features  and  accelerator  technologies  you  need  to  quickly  create  an  endtoend  experience  for  any  iot  use  case.  connect  with  an  expert  to  see  how  exosites  iot  solutions  and  services  can  accelerate  your  connectedproduct  success.  contact  us  company  products  resources  developer  tools  exosite  2019  275  market  st,  suite  535,  minneapolis,  mn  55405
__label__machineconditionmonitoring now  that  the  big  data  hype  has  slightly  eased,  data  practitioners  are  realizing  that  while  we  can,  or  do,  collect  large  volumes  of  data,  it  is  more  important  to  be  tactical  with  the  data  we  are  using.  but  a  seemingly  new  contender  for  the  data  spotlight  has  sprung  up:  iot  data.  but  is  iot  data  and  the  attempt  to  adapt  it  for  data  driven  decisionmaking  all  hot  air?  or  is  there  actual  substance  to  it?  we  at  hitachi  solutions  argue  that  the  iot  takes  one  of  the  more  tractable  and  immediately  beneficial  aspects  of  modern  data  capture,  high  velocity  data,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  helps  us  drive  highly  responsive  and,  when  utilized  effectively,  preemptive  data  driven  decisionmaking.  it  is  important  to  distinguish  between  predicative  and  preventative  maintenance.  unlike  preventative  maintenance  which  seeks  to  decrease  the  likelihood  of  a  machines  failure  through  the  performance  of  regular  maintenance,  predictive  maintenance  relies  on  data  to  determine  a  machines  likelihood  of  failure  before  that  failure  occurs.  this  allows  manufacturers  to  move  from  a  repair  and  replace  model  to  a  predict  and  fix  maintenance  model  using  predictive  analysis  which  relies  on  data,  statistics,  machine  learning,  artificial  intelligence  and  modeling  to  make  predictions  about  future  outcomes.  in  recent  years,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring predictive  maintenance  has  risen  to  the  forefront  of  the  iot  data  industry  for  two  key  reasons:  this  means  that  in  the  next  few  years  we  will  see  more  business  problems,  even  those  that  are  not  machine  maintenance  specific,  become  restructured  as  predictive  maintenance  or  predictive  service  questions.  for  example,  the  highly  sensationalized  story  of  smart  fridges  that  are  able  to  monitor  our  supply  of  food  and  ingredients  could  potentially  lead  to  an  automation  of  our  consumption  choices.  this  opens  the  door  for  predictability  in  our  expenses  and  gives  us  the  ability  to  better  control  our  diets  through  planned  food  expenditures
__label__machineconditionmonitoring over  the  impulse  buys  that  grocery  stores  encourage  today.  i  use  this  example,  specifically,  to  demonstrate  that  predictive  maintenance  or  predictive  service  programs  and  solutions  will  eventually  solve  problems  we  never  even  thought  about  once  we  learn  to  creatively  recast  those  problems  in  a  way  that  can  be  solved  using  iot  data  and  predictive  analysis.  today,  however,  the  most  common  use  cases  for  predictive  maintenance  are  in  the  following  industries:  additionally,  the  newer  the  machinery  and  technologies  used,  the  more  sensors  and  iot  data  that  is  collected.  for  most  cases  today,  the  objectives  of  predictive  maintenance  programs  can  be  boiled
__label__machineconditionmonitoring down  to  one  of  two  outcomes:  production  efficiency  can  be  improved  by  maximizing  the  time  that  machines  are  up  and  running  through  predictive  maintenance,  or  it  can  be  also  be  improved  by  predicting  the  number  of  goods  that  will  pass  or  fail  a  quality  inspection,  based  on  the  readings  from  a  machine.  another,  less  intuitive  but  interesting  example  is  how  we  could  even  predict  the  condition  of  a  machine  based  on  the  defects  it  creates  in  its  outputs;  in  this  case,  the  predictive  directionality  is  reversed.  we  can  make  these  predictions  by  taking  the  most  recent  data  points  from  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring device  and  running  predictive  algorithms  against  them.  in  the  case  of  predictive  maintenance,  this  enables  us  to  customize  our  maintenance  activities  to  each  specific  machine,  or  even  for  each  specific  component  on  a  machine;  a  noteworthy  departure  from  the  traditional  method  of  basing  our  maintenance  off  of  schedules  or  usage  thresholds,  such  as  miles  driven  in  a  car.  for  example,  lets  imagine  a  renewable  energy  production  facility  such  as  a  wind  farm.  we  have  enormously  complex  machines  that  are  riddled  with  sensors  and  computer  chips  that  not  only  control  each  wind  turbine,  but  also  send  constant  readings  of  the  state
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  each  component  on  each  wind  turbine.  in  spite  of  this  continuous  stream  of  data,  traditionally,  turbines  have  been  taken  offline  based  on  an  annual  maintenance  plan,  much  like  the  regular  checkup  appointments  that  we  take  a  car  to.  the  turbine  is  taken  offline  and  a  maintenance  crew  ascends  the  turbine  to  do  a  full  inspection  of  the  mechanical  and  electrical  systems,  as  well  as  a  check  of  the  physical  integrity  of  the  machine.  these  inspections  are  done,  today,  at  routine  intervals  according  to  the  specifications  of  the  turbine  manufacturer.  however,  this  onesizefitsall  approach  to  maintenance  is  inefficient,  expensive,  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  not  sensitive  to  the  conditions  of  the  wind  farm  or  the  turbines.  for  example,  if  a  turbine  sits  in  a  warm  climate,  the  operational  conditions  as  well  as  the  stressors  on  the  machine  would  be  starkly  different  than  the  stressors  on  a  turbine  sitting  in  a  northern  location  that  experiences  freezing  winters  and  ice  storms.  if  we  take  this  a  step  further,  there  are  even  different  stressors  on  each  turbine  depending  on  its  location  within  a  wind  farm  site  e.g.,  the  lead  turbine,  exposed  to  the  strongest  gusts  of  wind  on  a  ridge  vs.  a  turbine  near  a  reservoir,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring exposed  to  humid  winds.  the  rise  of  predictive  maintenance  is  an  attempt  to  be  pointed  and  precise  in  the  identification  of  risks  and  failures  on  our  precious  assets,  and  to  enhance  our  ability  to  be  responsive  to  the  unique  pressures  on  each  machine.  consequently,  each  machine  receives  the  maintenance  that  it  needs,  when  it  needs  it,  in  order  to  keep  it  running  and  operating  in  peak  condition  for  the  longest  time  possible.  by  adopting  a  predictive  maintenance  program,  we  give  ourselves  the  opportunity  to  move  away  from  a  costly  and  inefficient  maintenance  cycle.  we  are  not  only  able  to  increase
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  time  our  assets  are  operational  by  preemptively  identifying  problems  before  they  occur  and  adversely  affect  the  rest  of  the  machine;  we  are  also  able  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  our  maintenance  activities,  helping  us  to  be  more  precise  in  the  scheduling  and  deployment  of  our  crews  and  the  tasks  they  are  performing  on  each  deployment.  successful  predictive  maintenance  programs  all  rely  on  a  set  of  tools  to  make  them  function.  while  the  tools  may  differ  slightly  from  product  to  product,  there  are  six  primary  tools  and  techniques  that  all  successful  predictive  maintenance  programs  should  have.  before  you  invest  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  entire  predictive  maintenance  program,  do  pilots.  pilots  will  help  you  determine  whether  the  value  is  there  in  your  organization.  find  a  partner  that  has  a  saas  service  you  can  pilot  your  predictive  maintenance  program  with.  start  small  and  see  what  predictive  maintenance  can  do  for  your  organization  and  then  iterate  and  grow  from  there.  this  is  important  because  you  want  to  ensure  you  establish  the  correct  platform  for  your  program.  once  you  have  a  platform  in  place  that  you  know  will  work  for  your  business,  you  can  then  expand  from  there.  data  is  the  engine  of  any  predictive  maintenance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring program.  therefore,  there  must  be  technology  in  place  to  collect,  process,  prepare  and  structure  massive  amounts  of  device  data  which  will  be  stored  in  the  organizations  ecosystem.  this  system  must  be  able  to  understand  what  each  piece  of  data  represents  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  as  a  part  of  the  entire  maintenance  feedback  landscape.  once  there  is  data  streaming  in  and  being  collected  from  your  industrial  equipment,  data  science  and  machine  learning  come  into  play.  by  monitoring  patterns  in  real  time  and  looking  at  historical  data,  the  machines  themselves  can  identify  repeat  scenarios  which  they  can  then  create  rules
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  moving  forward.  this  process  is  an  adaptive  learning  process,  meaning  that  the  machines  learn  over  time.  the  more  data  and  scenarios  they  collect  and  encounter,  the  more  they  learn.  for  organizations  just  starting  out  with  a  predictive  maintenance  program  this  means  that  predictive  capabilities  will  most  likely  not  be  available  on  day  one,  as  the  machines  need  to  have  a  period  of  data  collection  and  analysis  before  they  can  begin  to  predict  future  outcomes.  but  that  doesnt  mean  that  you  should  sit  around  waiting  for  your  machines.  while  your  machines  are  busy  building  their  knowledge,  which  is  the  critical
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  essential  foundation  for  any  predictive  maintenance  program,  you  can  implement  condition  based  monitoring.  condition  based  monitoring  gives  you  the  ability  to  immediately  benefit  from  a  predictive  maintenance  solution.  with  this  strategy,  you  would  set  in  place  conditional  algorithms,  such  as  if  x  falls  outside  of  such  and  such  parameters,  then  do  y.  once  your  machines  have  collected  enough  data  and  have  begun  predicting  events,  your  organization  will  need  to  ensure  it  has  the  tools  in  place  to  integrate  your  predictive  maintenance  data  with  your  existing  technology.  for  example,  you  will  want  to  integrate  your  predictive  maintenance  data  with  your
__label__machineconditionmonitoring erp  and/or  crm  system  to  make  sure  the  right  part  is  brought  to  the  right  technician  and  they  are  dispatched  at  the  most  opportune  time.  with  your  systems  integrated,  you  should  be  able  to  set  up  workflows  which  are  kicked  off  by  a  triggered  event.  with  workflows  in  place,  deep  analysis  can  be  performed  to  improve  and  refine  processes  over  time.  ensure  there  is  commitment  and  buy  in  from  management.  in  order  for  any  organizational  or  technological  change  to  be  effective,  there  needs  to  be  company  wide  adoption.  this  is  true  of  any  large  change  to  the  way  a  business
__label__machineconditionmonitoring operates,  and  implementing  a  predictive  maintenance  program  is  no  exception.  by  soliciting  organizational  commitment  early  and  identifying  executive  champions  you  will  be  well  on  your  way  to  ensuring  user  adoption  and  predictive  maintenance  success.  the  way  hitachi  solutions  approaches  predictive  maintenance  is  with  our  predictive  maintenance  reference  architecture.  in  this  architecture,  hitachi  has  developed  a  standardized  dataflow/workflow  for  the  quickest  configuration  of  a  multiplicity  of  iot  type  devices  and  the  data  they  generate.  this  data  then  feeds  into  an  automated  and  selfimproving  maintenance  solution,  called  the  hitachi  solutions  iot  predictive  service  hub.  at  the  highest  level,  this  process  starts  with
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  registration  and  identification  of  new  sensors  that  come  online  and  get  picked  up  by  the  field  service  hub.  this  hub  will  identify  unique  devices  and  the  data  associated  with  each  device,  whether  it  is  temperature,  humidity,  electrical  current,  positioning,  location  data,  etc.  this  data  get  streamed  in  and,  based  on  a  series  of  process  rule  trees,  is  stored  or  pulled  into  a  field  service  workflow.  these  workflows  contain  our  first  layer  of  proactive  actions.  based  off  of  the  data  contained  within,  we  can  trigger  a  variety  of  behaviors.  some  of  those  may  be  to  search  for  replacement  inventory  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring our  erp  system,  or  to  trigger  a  reboot,  an  alarm,  a  device  shutdown,  or  even  to  automatically  schedule  a  maintenance  appointment  with  the  closest  available  service  agent.  the  second  half  of  this  architecture  is  the  predictive  element.  using  machine  learning,  we  are  able  to  sweep  through  our  data  to  predict  when  our  machinery  is  going  to  fail  and  what  type  of  a  failure  it  will  be,  in  real  time  or  on  a  schedule.  furthermore,  we  can  use  machine  learning  to  profile  our  devices  for  patterns  of  sensor  readings  that  lead  up  to  a  failure.  then,  as  our  machine  learning  processes
__label__machineconditionmonitoring identify  these  patterns,  we  integrate  them  as  new  rules  into  the  proactive  workflows  to  provide  the  customized  rules  for  each  device  allowing  us  to  automate  the  management  of  each  device  with  the  utmost  accuracy.  the  reality  is  that  not  every  organization  is  ready  for  the  leap  into  a  predictive  maintenance  solution.  usually,  this  is  due  either  to  older  equipment  or  to  the  fact  that  no  historical  sensor  data  has  been  stored.  this  presents  us  with  a  challenge.  how  are  we  supposed  to  identify  when  failures  have  occurred  so  we  can  train  our  prediction  models  to  help  us  going  forward?  while
__label__machineconditionmonitoring problems  like  these  may  certainly  impact  how  soon  you  could  have  a  predictive  maintenance  solution  running,  they  may  not  exclude  you  from  getting  started.  the  first  step  would  be  to  begin  storing  your  data  as  soon  as  possible.  in  an  organization  that  relies  on  machines  to  be  operational,  data  about  the  state  of  the  machine  is  enormously  important.  treat  your  data  as  an  asset,  something  that  will  continually  give  you  better  returns  over  time.  storage  of  very  large  quantities  of  data  is  very  inexpensive  today  take  advantage  of  this.  the  second  step  is  to  begin  the  process  of  identifying  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring key  outputs  you  are  trying  to  predict.  most  frequently  this  would  be  the  failure  of  a  device,  or  the  remaining  time  until  a  failure  of  a  device  or  a  component  on  a  machine.  you  may  not  be  capturing  this  information  today,  but,  by  examining  your  data,  you  may  be  able  to  create  the  data  points  that  measure  these  key  outputs  with  some  work  and  through  the  combination  and  processing  of  existing  data.  this  gives  you  a  starting  point  to  execute  your  prediction  process.  finally,  you  dont  necessarily  need  perfect  prediction  results  to  begin  leveraging  machine  learning  for  your  decision  making.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  example,  many  machine  learning  outputs  will  include  a  probability  of  the  predictions  accuracy.  in  a  case  like  this  you  can  identify  thresholds  that  a  probability  must  exceed  in  order  to  be  actioned  upon.  as  with  any  prediction,  you  will  need  to  continue  to  retrain  your  predictive  models,  as  the  data  that  is  available  to  you  increases  and  your  equipment  changes.  this  means  that  you  will  always  need  to  be  cognizant  of  a  margin  of  error  that  is  inseparable  from  your  predictions,  but  it  also  means  perfection  is  not  required  to  begin  gaining  value  from  recasting  your  business  problems  through
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  predictive  lens.  the  opportunities  that  we  have  to  improve  businesses  on  this  significant  a  scale  are  too  valuable  to  leave  unexplored.  iot  data  has  left  this  opportunity  wide  open  for  most  organizations  working  with  machinery  or  anything  that  captures  sensor  data.  the  obvious,  yet  enormously  impactful,  case  of  predictive  maintenance  is  just  the  beginning  of  the  potential  we  will  see  from  the  steady  reduction  in  the  cost  of  capturing  data  and  calculating  predictive  outputs.  we  at  hitachi  solutions  see  the  inexpensive  cost  of  iot  and  machine  learning  coming  together  to  reshape  how  we  ask  many  of  our  business  questions
__label__machineconditionmonitoring today,  across  almost  every  industry.  predictive  maintenance  is  the  most  meaningful  use  case  today,  however,  we  are  already  seeing  equivalent  reconceptualization  of  business  problems  in  the  retail,  warehousing  and  insurance  industries.  an  exciting  moment  lies  just  before  us  hitachi  solutions  demonstrated  the  exciting  features  of  the  hitachi  solutions  iot  predictive  service  hub  at  the  virtual  event,  the  manufacturer  of  the  future:  how  iot  and  predictive  analytics  transform  operations  for  the  digital  age,  dont  miss  out  for  further  questions  on  implementing  a  predictive  maintenance  program  or  for  questions  on  the  hitachi  solutions  iot  predictive  service  hub,  please  today.  the  solution  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  create  and  nurture  a  data  centric  company.  this  14page  ebook  will  explain  how  your  organization  can  harness  the  power  of  data  by  defining  and  following  through  on  sound  datacentric  practices.  rowan  sciban  is  a  solution  architect  with  hitachi  solutions  and  has  worked,  solving  business  problems  with  data  technologies  in  a  breadth  of  industries,  including  energy,  manufacturing,  retail,  education,  nonprofit,  and  banking.  rowan  works  with  both  business  and  technical  persons  on  all  stages  of  a  project  from  planning  and  design  through  implementation  and  sustainment.on  the  side,  rowan  has  codeveloped  and  instructed  in  the  business  intelligence  and  analytics  certificate  at  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring university  of  calgary,  for  the  past  two  years.  furthermore,  rowan  has  developed  and  regularly  delivers  training  and  workshops  in  microsoft  technologies  such  as  power  bi  and  azure  machine  learning.  our  expert  team  is  standing  by  to  help  answer  questions  and  get  you  the  best  solutions.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  modern  it  network  is  a  living,  breathing  ecosystem.  and  like  any  ecosystem,  its  constantly  evolving  and  adapting.  things  move  and  change  from  moment  to  moment,  as  nearly  every  device  is  connected  and  in  constant  contact  with  the  other  devices  on  the  network.  for  the  average  sysadmin,  monitoring  and  keeping  track  of  this  ecosystem  can  be  an  overwhelming  task.  add  to  that  the  massive  complication  of  internet  of  things  iot  connected  devices,  and  the  job  can  feel  insurmountable.  but  it  doesnt  have  to  be.  with  the  proper  tools  and  techniques,  monitoring  iot  devices  can  be  as  easy  as  monitoring  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring traditional  network.  here  are  three  ways  to  tame  your  network  of  things.  your  network  may  be  a  living  ecosystem,  but  you  wouldnt  know  it  from  looking  at  a  typical,  static  network  map.  observing  your  network  as  a  fixed  topology  gives  you  the  simplest  and  easiest  to  understand  view  of  your  network.  theres  a  place  for  that.  but  it  doesnt  show  you  all  the  things  your  network  monitoring  tool  is  doing,  like  polling  the  traffic,  the  data  flow,  the  regular  pings  as  devices  interconnect.  alerts  are  all  very  good.  however,  sometimes  you  need  a  realtime  view  of  exactly  what  your  network
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  tool  is  doing  at  any  given  moment.  with  a  realtime  view,  you  can  proactively  monitor  changes  to  your  network  and  devices,  see  configuration  changes  as  they  occur,  actively  monitor  uptime  and  downtime,  and  see  changes  in  network  traffic.  this  can  save  time  in  navigating  multiple  dashboards  and  reports,  and  can  identify  problems  that  might  be  difficult  to  find  otherwise.  like  any  organization,  it  needs  to  keep  track  of  all  of  the  physical  assets  it  controls.  thats  especially  true  when  it  comes  to  the  iot.  there  are  a  couple  of  options  for  it  pros  when  inventory  time  comes  around.  they
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  physically  crawl  around  the  server  closet  or  factory  floor  to  manually  count  every  connected  device  not  exactly  a  picture  of  efficiency,  or  they  can  run  a  network  discovery  scan  that  automatically  generates  a  network  inventory.  the  choice  seems  obvious.  yet,  youd  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  run  manual  asset  inventories.  that  added  work  can  have  big  repercussions.  organizations  that  perform  manual  asset  inventories  are  much  less  likely  to  have  a  complete  and  uptodate  view  of  their  network,  and  theyre  much  less  likely  to  be  able  to  proactively  recognize  and  react  to  changes.  this  can  mean  material  loss  for  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices.  for  example,  if  you  havent  added  the  10  new  climatecontrolled  containers  to  your  network,  you  wont  notice  when  one  of  them  goes  offline  and  spoils  the  product  inside.  luckily,  there  is  an  inherent  advantage  that  iot  devices  have  over  traditional  assets  they  actually  talk  to  each  other.  just  like  with  a  network  of  servers,  you  should  be  able  to  push  one  button  and  get  a  complete  inventory  of  everything  attached  to  your  network.  at  minimum,  your  it  asset  management  software  should  find  and  map  network  assets,  and  create  an  inventory  that  automatically  updates  when  a  device  is  reconfigured  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring its  status  changes.  an  asset  inventory  tool  should  be  able  to  collect  the  manufacturer  and  model  id,  the  serial  number,  hardware  or  software  and  firmware  versions,  chassis  id,  module  inventory,  and  all  relevant  data  about  the  devices  hardware.  of  course,  that  information  is  only  as  current  as  the  latest  discovery.  with  a  fullfeatured  network  monitoring  product,  you  can  simplify  the  process  further  with  the  capability  to  discover  new  devices  or  applications  as  theyre  added  to  the  network  and  gather  all  the  same  information.  if  the  iot  device  is  a  recognized  type,  then  a  preset  or  usercreated  configuration  or  role  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  automatically  applied.  the  entire  network  can  also  be  regularly  scanned  in  order  to  keep  that  record  up  to  date,  effectively  giving  you  an  accurate  and  current  inventory  of  your  internet  connected  devices  at  the  touch  of  a  button.  as  noted  above,  device  roles  can  make  your  network  discovery  even  more  effective.  just  like  employees,  every  connected  device  has  a  job,  and  every  job  has  a  title,  be  it  a  manager,  help  desk  technician,  refrigerator,  or  cnc  machine.  in  the  world  of  network  monitoring  tools,  that  job  title  is  known  as  a  device  role.  device  roles  let  your  network  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tool  determine  the  monitoring  configuration  that  is  applied  to  a  device  when  its  added  to  your  network.  as  with  any  other  connected  device,  its  extremely  important  to  configure  the  device  roles  for  any  devices  you  want  to  add  to  your  network  before  you  add  those  devices  to  your  network.  that  way  you  can  add  devices  in  bulk,  and  your  monitoring  tool  will  automatically  recognize  them  and  apply  the  proper  monitoring  configurations.  this  is  the  simplest  and  easiest  way  to  reduce  the  labor  and  administrative  headaches  involved  with  discovery  scans.  it  can  often  be  achieved  with  preset  device  roles  included  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring your  network  monitoring  tool.  monitoring  your  network  is  a  tall  order.  its  made  especially  difficult  by  the  growing  number  of  iot  devices.  by  utilizing  these  three  techniques,  you  will  be  in  a  better  position  to  control  your  everevolving  ecosystem.  jeff  edwards  is  a  tech  writer  and  analyst  for  ipswitchs  covering  information  security  and  it.  he  has  written  on  all  things  cybersecurity,  from  apts  to  zerodays,  and  previously  worked  as  a  reporter  covering  boston  city  hall.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot  is  the  network  of  physical  devices,  vehicles,  home  appliances,  and  other  items  embedded  with  electronics,  software,  sensors,  actuators,  and  network  connectivity  which  enable  these  objects  to  connect  and  exchange  data.  each  thing  is  uniquely  identifiable  through  its  embedded  computing  system  but  is  able  to  interoperate  within  the  existing  internet  infrastructure.  experts  estimate  that  the  iot  will  consist  of  about  30  billion  objects  by  2020.  the  iot  allows  objects  to  be  sensed  or  controlled  remotely  across  existing  network  infrastructure,  creating  opportunities  for  more  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world  into  computerbased  systems,  and  resulting  in  improved
__label__machineconditionmonitoring efficiency,  accuracy  and  economic  benefit  in  addition  to  reduced  human  intervention.  when  iot  is  augmented  with  sensors  and  actuators,  the  technology  becomes  an  instance  of  the  more  general  class  of  cyberphysical  systems,  which  also  encompasses  technologies  such  as  smart  grids,  virtual  power  plants,  smart  homes,  intelligent  transportation  and  smart  cities.  towards  the  latest  developments  and  activities,  es  systems  offers  complete  iot  solution  integration  services  according  to  each  customers  requirements  and  applications.  es  systems  has  developed  a  complete  smart  system  solution  for  condition  monitoring  of  industrial  equipment.  the  system  features  synchronous  sensor  sampling  with  wireless  communication  enabling  optimal  vibration  and  condition
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  of  equipment.  the  wireless  capability  enables  installation  at  remote  locations  with  minimal  installation  cost  while  supporting  wifi  and  ble  4.0  wireless  protocols  allowing  installation  and  communication  integration  in  existing  wireless  infrastructures.  the  data  collected  from  the  system  are  transferred  to  the  cloud  or  to  secure  servers  where  end  users  can  execute  their  predictive  maintenance  algorithms.  for  more  information  click  begin  mailchimp  signup  form  real  people  should  not  fill  this  in  and  expect  good  things  do  not  remove  this  or  risk  form  bot  signups  end  mcembedsignup  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring your  search  did  not  match  any  results.  we  suggest  you  try  the  following  to  help  find  what  youre  looking  for:  the  internet  of  things  iot  describes  the  network  of  physical  objectsthingsthat  are  embedded  with  sensors,  software,  and  other  technologies  for  the  purpose  of  connecting  and  exchanging  data  with  other  devices  and  systems  over  the  internet.  these  devices  range  from  ordinary  household  objects  to  sophisticated  industrial  tools.  with  more  than  7  billion  connected  iot  devices  today,  experts  are  expecting  this  number  to  grow  to  10  billion  by  2020  and  22  billion  by  2025.  over  the  past  few  years,  iot  has  become
__label__machineconditionmonitoring one  of  the  most  important  technologies  of  the  21st  century.  now  that  we  can  connect  everyday  objectskitchen  appliances,  cars,  thermostats,  baby  monitorsto  the  internet  via  embedded  devices,  seamless  communication  is  possible  between  people,  processes,  and  things.  by  means  of  lowcost  computing,  the  cloud,  big  data,  analytics,  and  mobile  technologies,  physical  things  can  share  and  collect  data  with  minimal  human  intervention.  in  this  hyperconnected  world,  digital  systems  can  record,  monitor,  and  adjust  each  interaction  between  connected  things.  the  physical  world  meets  the  digital  worldand  they  cooperate.  while  the  idea  of  iot  has  been  in  existence  for  a  long  time,  a  collection
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  recent  advances  in  a  number  of  different  technologies  has  made  it  practical.  industrial  iot  iiot  refers  to  the  application  of  iot  technology  in  industrial  settings,  especially  with  respect  to  instrumentation  and  control  of  sensors  and  devices  that  engage  cloud  technologies.  recently,  industries  have  used  machinetomachine  communication  m2m  to  achieve  wireless  automation  and  control.  but  with  the  emergence  of  cloud  and  allied  technologies  such  as  analytics  and  machine  learning,  industries  can  achieve  a  new  automation  layer  and  with  it  create  new  revenue  and  business  models.  iiot  is  sometimes  called  the  fourth  wave  of  the  industrial  revolution,  or  industry  4.0.  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring following  are  some  common  uses  for  iiot:  as  iot  becomes  more  widespread  in  the  marketplace,  companies  are  capitalizing  on  the  tremendous  business  value  it  can  offer.  these  benefits  include:  iot  applications  are  prebuilt  softwareasaservice  saas  applications  that  can  analyze  and  present  captured  iot  sensor  data  to  business  users  via  dashboards.  iot  applications  use  machine  learning  algorithms  to  analyze  massive  amounts  of  connected  sensor  data  in  the  cloud.  using  realtime  iot  dashboards  and  alerts,  you  gain  visibility  into  key  performance  indicators,  statistics  for  mean  time  between  failures,  and  other  information.  machine  learningbased  algorithms  can  identify  equipment  anomalies  and  send  alerts  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring users  and  even  trigger  automated  fixes  or  proactive  counter  measures.  with  cloudbased  iot  applications,  business  users  can  quickly  enhance  existing  processes  for  supply  chains,  customer  service,  human  resources,  and  financial  services.  theres  no  need  to  recreate  entire  business  processes.  the  ability  of  iot  to  provide  sensor  information  as  well  as  enable  devicetodevice  communication  is  driving  a  broad  set  of  applications.  the  following  are  some  of  the  most  popular  applications  and  what  they  do.  organizations  best  suited  for  iot  are  those  that  would  benefit  from  using  sensor  devices  in  their  business  processes.  manufacturers  can  gain  a  competitive  advantage  by  using  productionline
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  to  enable  proactive  maintenance  on  equipment  when  sensors  detect  an  impending  failure.  sensors  can  actually  measure  when  production  output  is  compromised.  with  the  help  of  sensor  alerts,  manufacturers  can  quickly  check  equipment  for  accuracy  or  remove  it  from  production  until  it  is  repaired.  this  allows  companies  to  reduce  operating  costs,  get  better  uptime,  and  improve  asset  performance  management.  the  automotive  industry  stands  to  realize  significant  advantages  from  the  use  of  iot  applications.  in  addition  to  the  benefits  of  applying  iot  to  production  lines,  sensors  can  detect  impending  equipment  failure  in  vehicles  already  on  the  road  and  can  alert  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring driver  with  details  and  recommendations.  thanks  to  aggregated  information  gathered  by  iotbased  applications,  automotive  manufacturers  and  suppliers  can  learn  more  about  how  to  keep  cars  running  and  car  owners  informed.  transportation  and  logistical  systems  benefit  from  a  variety  of  iot  applications.  fleets  of  cars,  trucks,  ships,  and  trains  that  carry  inventory  can  be  rerouted  based  on  weather  conditions,  vehicle  availability,  or  driver  availability,  thanks  to  iot  sensor  data.  the  inventory  itself  could  also  be  equipped  with  sensors  for  trackandtrace  and  temperaturecontrol  monitoring.  the  food  and  beverage,  flower,  and  pharmaceutical  industries  often  carry  temperaturesensitive  inventory  that  would  benefit  greatly  from  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  applications  that  send  alerts  when  temperatures  rise  or  fall  to  a  level  that  threatens  the  product.  iot  applications  allow  retail  companies  to  manage  inventory,  improve  customer  experience,  optimize  supply  chain,  and  reduce  operational  costs.  for  example,  smart  shelves  fitted  with  weight  sensors  can  collect  rfidbased  information  and  send  the  data  to  the  iot  platform  to  automatically  monitor  inventory  and  trigger  alerts  if  items  are  running  low.  beacons  can  push  targeted  offers  and  promotions  to  customers  to  provide  an  engaging  experience.  the  benefits  of  iot  in  the  public  sector  and  other  servicerelated  environments  are  similarly  wideranging.  for  example,  governmentowned  utilities
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  use  iotbased  applications  to  notify  their  users  of  mass  outages  and  even  of  smaller  interruptions  of  water,  power,  or  sewer  services.  iot  applications  can  collect  data  concerning  the  scope  of  an  outage  and  deploy  resources  to  help  utilities  recover  from  outages  with  greater  speed.  iot  asset  monitoring  provides  multiple  benefits  to  the  healthcare  industry.  doctors,  nurses,  and  orderlies  often  need  to  know  the  exact  location  of  patientassistance  assets  such  as  wheelchairs.  when  a  hospitals  wheelchairs  are  equipped  with  iot  sensors,  they  can  be  tracked  from  the  iot  assetmonitoring  application  so  that  anyone  looking  for  one  can  quickly  find  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring nearest  available  wheelchair.  many  hospital  assets  can  be  tracked  this  way  to  ensure  proper  usage  as  well  as  financial  accounting  for  the  physical  assets  in  each  department.  in  addition  to  tracking  physical  assets,  iot  can  be  used  to  improve  worker  safety.  employees  in  hazardous  environments  such  as  mines,  oil  and  gas  fields,  and  chemical  and  power  plants,  for  example,  need  to  know  about  the  occurrence  of  a  hazardous  event  that  might  affect  them.  when  they  are  connected  to  iot  sensorbased  applications,  they  can  be  notified  of  accidents  or  rescued  from  them  as  swiftly  as  possible.  iot  applications  are  also  used
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  wearables  that  can  monitor  human  health  and  environmental  conditions.  not  only  do  these  types  of  applications  help  people  better  understand  their  own  health,  they  also  permit  physicians  to  monitor  patients  remotely.  iot  is  reinventing  the  automobile  by  enabling  connected  cars.  with  iot,  car  owners  can  operate  their  cars  remotelyby,  for  example,  preheating  the  car  before  the  driver  gets  in  it  or  by  remotely  summoning  a  car  by  phone.  given  iots  ability  to  enable  devicetodevice  communication,  cars  will  even  be  able  to  book  their  own  service  appointments  when  warranted.  the  connected  car  allows  car  manufacturers  or  dealers  to  turn  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring car  ownership  model  on  its  head.  previously,  manufacturers  have  had  an  armslength  relationship  with  individual  buyers  or  none  at  all.  essentially,  the  manufacturers  relationship  with  the  car  ended  once  it  was  sent  to  the  dealer.  with  connected  cars,  automobile  makers  or  dealers  can  have  a  continuous  relationship  with  their  customers.  instead  of  selling  cars,  they  can  charge  drivers  usage  fees,  offering  a  transportationasaservice  using  autonomous  cars.  iot  allows  manufacturers  to  upgrade  their  cars  continuously  with  new  software,  a  seachange  difference  from  the  traditional  model  of  car  ownership  in  which  vehicles  immediately  depreciate  in  performance  and  value.  with  ,  you  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring extend  your  supply  chain,  erp,  hr,  and  customer  experience  cx  applications  to  the  digital  world.  leverage  intelligent,  predictive  algorithms  and  digital  twins  to  improve  operational  efficiency,  boost  worker  productivity,  enhance  cx,  and  create  new  business  models  and  opportunities.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  the  internet  of  things  iot  describes  a  network  of  intelligent  devices  connected  to  the  internet  for  the  purpose  of  remote  control  and  monitoring.  from  infrastructure  to  commercial  environments  and  logistics  to  manufacturing,  this  smart  technology  comprised  of  monitors,  actuators,  controllers,  and  other  devices  is  being  rapidly  woven  into  an  expanding  range
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  applications  and  environments.  one  area  where  the  iot  opens  new  opportunities  for  innovation  is  the  physical  security  of  industrial  operations  and  environments.  there  are  cloudbased  technologies  available  that  can  provide  a  better  and  more  simplified  means  of  controlling  and  monitoring  access  to  devices,  systems,  and  equipment.  in  equipmentlevel  access  applications,  iottype  systems  can  be  used  to  provide  real  time  monitoring  of  equipment  status,  in  addition  to  feedback  on  maintenance  and  physical  security,  optimization,  and  efficiency  of  connected  systems.  as  the  iot  continues  to  create  new  opportunities  for  connecting  data  with  industrial  environments,  cloudbased  technologies  like  bluetoothenabled  access  systems  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring provide  a  better  and  more  simplified  means  of  controlling  and  monitoring  access  to  devices  and  systems  at  the  equipment  level.  within  any  industrial  operation,  there  are  equipment  and  areas  that  need  to  be  securedfor  safety  reasons  as  well  as  securing  vital  equipment  from  damage  or  loss.  in  many  operations,  this  security  is  often  very  basic:  a  mechanical  key  is  kept  in  a  maintenance  locker  and  tracked  via  paper  records,  for  example.  electronics  access  solutions  eas  function  within  the  larger  iot  digital  landscape,  providing  intelligent  access  and  control  to  machines,  production  lines,  and  other  types  of  sensitive  and  valuable  items  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  equipment  level.  implementing  electronic  locking  solutions  in  manufacturing  and  industrial  settings  involves  adding  electronic  technology  and  software  in  place  of  physical  locks  and  keys.  intelligent  electronic  locks  are  a  key  element  of  an  electronic  access  solution,  restricting  access  through  the  validation  of  user  credentials  via  a  connected  user  interface,  like  an  rfid  reader.  in  certain  situations,  operations  managers  may  have  the  perception  that  implementing  eas  involves  significant  hardware  and  it  investment  as  well  as  ongoing  support.  however,  implementing  this  type  of  technology  is  relatively  easy  and  very  costeffective,  especially  when  industrial  operations  are  expanding  internetbased  networks  in  their  facilities.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  addition,  these  systems  provide  crucial  data  that  can  be  leveraged  to  enhance  productivity  in  unique  ways.  one  of  the  core  advantages  offered  by  implementing  iot  architectures  is  the  virtual  flood  of  new  information  that  intelligent  sensors,  controllers,  and  other  networked  devices  will  provide.  new  data  collected  from  the  iot  will  require  new  analytics  systems  to  allow  companies  to  best  leverage  this  additional  information.  organizations  will  need  to  shift  from  traditional  methods  used  for  gathering  data,  such  as  spreadsheets  and  manual  data  entry,  to  software  or  cloudbased  analysis  and  monitoring.  electronic  access  offers  many  solutions  for  remote  access  control  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  within  the  industrial  environment.  logistics  cloudbased  electronic  access,  for  instance,  can  provide  useful  logistics  and  operational  information  to  industrial  managers.  many  industrial  operations  have  supply  cabinets,  equipment  lockers,  and  maintenance,  repair  and  operations  mro  cabinets  that  are  routinely  secured.  when  equipped  with  eas  technology,  access  and  withdrawal  of  items  from  these  secured  locations  can  be  precisely  trackednot  only  to  the  cabinet  itself,  but  down  to  the  individual  supply  bins  within  the  cabinet.  only  authorized  users  can  access  these  cabinets;  they  are  logged  in.  the  items  they  remove  are  tracked,  with  the  data  sent  back  up  into  the  cloud  so
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  the  suppliers  can  then  monitor  supplies  and  replenish  them  instantaneously.  this  provides  additional  benefit  to  the  operations  team,  as  they  can  analyze  usage  data  to  run  more  efficiently  and  optimize  their  inventory  levels.  safety  eas  technology  can  also  enhance  safety,  a  vital  and  ongoing  concern  in  many  industrial  environments.  there  may  be  portable  equipment  secured  in  lockers,  or  complex  and  sensitive  machinery  such  as  costly  machine  tools  that  are  only  to  be  accessed  and  operated  by  trained,  certified  personnel.  eas  can  ensure  that  only  authorized  personnel  are  allowed  to  operate  potentially  dangerous  equipment  or  access  dangerous  product,  by  providing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring electronic  keys  to  access  these  resources;  if  a  machine  tool  enclosure  is  opened  and  maintenance  and  repair  is  conducted,  this  approach  tracks  exactly  which  technician  performed  the  work.  these  connected  devices  can  also  provide  data  on  how  much  time  a  machine  tools  enclosure  was  open,  helping  operations  managers  to  assess  machine  downtime  and  costs.  efficiency  more  efficient  use  of  manufacturing  supplies  is  another  advantage  offered  by  the  data  generated  with  electronic  access  systems.  for  example,  the  auto  collision  industry  experiences  up  to  30  waste  due  to  inefficient  use  of  materials.  a  cloudbased  inventory  management  system  can  easily  eliminate  this  waste,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring increasing  bottom  line  profits  by  as  much  as  30.  using  a  webbased  access  system,  technicians  log  in  when  they  need  materials,  and  the  products  they  pull  are  tracked  according  to  the  repair  they  are  working  on.  as  a  result,  cost  control  and  materials  management  can  be  improved,  and  work  materials  inventory  can  be  more  precisely  controlled  based  on  actual  consumption.  wireless,  cloudbased  platform  systems  like  the  southco  bt  bluetooth  lite  lock  controller  provide  full  remote  access  control  and  monitoring  of  electronic  locks  without  the  need  for  any  physical  network  connection.  in  many  applications,  accessing  machines  or  supply  cabinets  requires  entering
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  password  into  a  keypad  or  machine  user  interface.  while  this  is  a  step  up  from  physical  keys,  it  doesnt  take  full  advantage  of  the  efficiency  and  flexibility  that  cloudbased  eas  platforms  supply.  as  manufacturing  environments  become  more  connected  and  iotequipped,  it  is  possible  to  implement  a  more  flexible  and  efficient  way  of  providing  the  right  users  with  digital  keys  that  both  enhance  security  and  make  physical  access  easier  for  personnel.  they  use  smartphones  or  rfid  cards  to  provide  electronic  access  credentials  that  are  extremely  secure  and  much  easier  to  manage  and  update.  smartphone  access:  a  bluetooth  enabled  smartphone  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring an  effective  key  to  access  equipment  with  electronic  locking  mechanisms.  individuals  who  are  to  be  authorized  for  accessing  equipmenttechnicians  performing  maintenance  or  personnel  removing  materials  from  an  mro  lockerwill  have  a  smartphone  app  on  their  phones.  timebased  virtual  keys  can  be  sent  wirelessly  to  the  app  via  a  cloudbased  web  portal.  to  access  the  secured  equipment,  the  technician  touches  the  access  button  on  their  installed  app,  which  transmits  the  encrypted  bluetooth  signal  to  the  lock  controller,  unlocking  the  door  and  sending  a  record  of  the  access  via  the  smartphone  app  to  the  cloud.  each  lock  controller  has  a  unique,  algorithmbased
__label__machineconditionmonitoring identity,  which  is  stored  in  the  remote  web  portal  database.  the  bluetooth  device  does  not  require  a  wireless  network  to  open  the  lock;  the  smartphone  simply  communicates  via  bluetooth  with  the  lock  controller.  each  time  access  occurs,  a  digital  audit  trail  is  generated  and  sent  using  a  wireless  network  connection  to  the  remote  web  portal,  via  the  cloud.  this  is  a  highly  secure  approach.  the  electronic  key  loaded  to  the  app  will  typically  have  a  limited  timeframe  during  which  it  can  be  used.  if  it  expires,  the  technician  must  access  the  cloud  again  in  order  to  be  reauthorized.  in  addition,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  bluetooth  signal  has  128bit  encryption,  protecting  it  from  the  risk  of  hacking.  bluetooth  technology  is  gaining  wider  acceptance  in  industrial  iot  settings,  with  the  recently  adopted  bluetooth  mesh  networking  supporting  manytomany  communication  over  bluetooth  radio  designed  specifically  for  industrial  environments.  rfid  access:  an  alternative  to  bluetooth  access  via  smartphone  is  providing  remote  access  through  the  use  of  rfid  technology.  users  can  access  the  equipment  with  traditional  rfid  cards,  following  the  same  basic  protocol.  the  bluetoothenabled  lock  controller  periodically  uploads  and  downloads  credential  information  via  a  bluetoothenabled  device  connected  to  the  cloud,  such  as  a  wireless  tablet.  the  audit  trail
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  pushed  from  the  bluetooth  controller  to  a  wireless  device  and  up  to  the  cloud,  where  it  can  then  be  accessed  by  the  equipment  owners  operations  office.  administrators  can  remotely  assign  and  revoke  rfid  cards  using  the  same  cloudbased  web  portal.  this  is  a  convenient  approach  for  settings  where  smartphones  are  not  permitted  to  be  used,  including  factory  floors  where  there  is  proprietary  equipment  or  a  work  rule  restricting  smartphone  usage.  a  bluetooth  enabled  smartphone  is  an  effective  key  to  access  equipment  with  electronic  locking  mechanisms,  allowing  technicians  performing  maintenance  to  be  authorized  for  timebased  access  via  their  smartphone.  cloudbased
__label__machineconditionmonitoring eas  platforms  provide  unique  and  valuable  information  for  machine  designers  and  manufacturers  implementing  iotlevel  connectivity  and  intelligence  in  their  enterprise  systems.  these  solutions  provide  a  level  of  physical  security  that  is  extremely  flexible  and  much  more  secure  than  mechanical  keys,  all  the  while  delivering  realtime  access  tracking  and  control  of  valuable  equipment  and  resources  for  facility  protection  and  safety.  similar  to  other  iottype  systems,  eas  technology  can  be  used  to  generate  valuable  information  about  facilities  uptime  and  utilization,  personnel  efficiency  and  manufacturing  costs.  as  with  other  types  of  information  generated  by  iot  technology,  it  is  ultimately  up  to  the  enterprise
__label__machineconditionmonitoring updated:  the  internet  of  things  explained.  what  the  iot  is,  and  where  its  going  next.  by  topic:  video:  everything  you  need  to  know  about  the  internet  of  things  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  refers  to  the  billions  of  physical  devices  around  the  world  that  are  now  connected  to  the  internet,  collecting  and  sharing  data.  thanks  to  cheap  processors  and  wireless  networks,  its  possible  to  turn  anything,  from  to  to  a  selfdriving  car  into  part  of  the  iot.  this  adds  a  level  of  digital  intelligence  to  devices  that  would  be  otherwise  dumb,  enabling  them  to  communicate  realtime  data  without  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring human  being  involved,  effectively  merging  the  digital  and  physical  worlds.  you  can  download  all  of  the  articles  in  this  series  in  one  pdf.  its  free  to  registered  zdnet  and  techrepublic  members.  pretty  much  any  physical  object  can  be  transformed  into  an  iot  device  if  it  can  be  connected  to  the  internet  and  controlled  that  way.  that  can  be  switched  on  using  a  smartphone  app  is  an  iot  device,  as  is  a  motion  sensor  or  a  in  your  office  or  a  connected  streetlight.  an  iot  device  could  be  as  fluffy  as  or  as  serious  as  ,  or  as  complicated  as  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring jet  engine  thats  now  filled  with  thousands  of  sensors  collecting  and  transmitting  data  back  to  make  sure  it  is  operating  efficiently.  at  an  even  bigger  scale,  to  help  us  understand  and  control  the  environment.  the  term  iot  is  mainly  used  for  devices  that  wouldnt  usually  be  generally  expected  to  have  an  internet  connection,  and  that  can  communicate  with  the  network  independently  of  human  action.  for  this  reason,  a  pc  isnt  generally  considered  an  iot  device  and  neither  is  a  smartphone  even  though  the  latter  is  crammed  with  sensors.  a  or  a  or  other  wearable  device  might  be  counted  as  an
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  device,  however.  the  idea  of  adding  sensor  and  intelligence  to  basic  objects  was  discussed  throughout  the  1980s  and  1990s  and  there  are  arguably  some  ,  but  apart  from  some  early  projects  including  an  internetconnected  vending  machine  progress  was  slow  simply  because  the  technology  wasnt  ready.  processors  that  were  cheap  and  powerfrugal  enough  to  be  all  but  disposable  were  required  before  it  became  costeffective  to  connect  up  billions  of  devices.  the  lowpower  chips  that  can  communicate  wirelessly  solved  some  of  this  issue,  along  with  the  increasing  availability  of  broadband  internet  and  cellular  and  wireless  networking.  the  which,  among  other  things,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring should  provide  enough  ip  addresses  for  every  device  the  world  or  indeed  this  galaxy  is  ever  likely  to  need  was  also  a  necessary  step  for  the  iot  to  scale.  coined  the  phrase  internet  of  things  in  1999,  although  it  took  at  least  another  decade  for  the  technology  to  catch  up  with  the  vision.  the  iot  integrates  the  interconnectedness  of  human  culture  our  things  with  the  interconnectedness  of  our  digital  information  system  the  internet.  thats  the  iot,  ashton  .  adding  rfid  tags  to  to  help  track  their  location  was  one  of  the  first  iot  applications.  but  since  then,  the  cost  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring adding  sensors  and  an  internet  connection  to  objects  has  continued  to  fall,  and  experts  predict  that  this  basic  functionality  could  one  day  cost  as  little  as  10  cents,  making  it  possible  to  connect  nearly  everything  to  the  internet.  the  iot  was  initially  most  interesting  to  business  and  manufacturing,  where  its  application  is  sometimes  known  as  machinetomachine  m2m,  but  the  emphasis  is  now  on  filling  our  homes  and  offices  with  smart  devices,  transforming  it  into  something  thats  relevant  to  almost  everyone.  early  suggestions  for  internetconnected  devices  included  blogjects  objects  that  blog  and  record  data  about  themselves  to  the  internet,  ubiquitous  computing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring or  ubicomp,  invisible  computing,  and  pervasive  computing.  however,  it  was  internet  of  things  and  iot  that  stuck.  big  and  getting  bigger  there  are  already  more  connected  things  than  people  in  the  world.  that  around  8.4  billion  iot  devices  were  in  use  in  2017,  up  31  percent  from  2016,  and  this  will  likely  reach  20.4  billion  by  2020.  total  spending  on  iot  endpoints  and  services  will  reach  almost  2tn  in  2017,  with  twothirds  of  those  devices  found  in  china,  north  america  and  western  europe,  said  gartner.  out  of  that  8.4  billion  devices,  more  than  half  will  be  consumer  products  like  smart
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tvs  and  smart  speakers.  the  mostused  enterprise  iot  devices  will  be  smart  electric  meters  and  commercial  security  cameras,  according  to  gartner.  another  analyst,  idc,  at  772.5bn  in  2018  up  nearly  15  percent  on  the  674bn  that  will  be  spent  in  2017.  idc  predicts  that  total  spending  will  hit  1tn  in  2020  and  1.1tn  in  2021.  according  to  idc,  hardware  will  be  the  largest  technology  category  in  2018  with  239bn  going  on  modules  and  sensors,  with  some  spending  on  infrastructure  and  security.  services  will  be  the  second  largest  technology  category,  followed  by  software  and  connectivity.  the  benefits  of  the  iot  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring business  depend  on  the  particular  implementation,  but  the  key  is  that  enterprises  should  have  access  to  more  data  about  their  own  products  and  their  own  internal  systems,  and  a  greater  ability  to  make  changes  as  a  result.  manufacturers  are  adding  sensors  to  the  components  of  their  products  so  that  they  can  transmit  back  data  about  how  they  are  performing.  this  can  help  companies  spot  when  a  component  is  likely  to  fail  and  to  swap  it  out  before  it  causes  damage.  companies  can  also  use  the  data  generated  by  these  sensors  to  make  their  systems  and  their  supply  chains  more  efficient,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring because  they  will  have  much  more  accurate  data  about  whats  really  going  on.  with  the  introduction  of  comprehensive,  realtime  data  collection  and  analysis,  production  systems  can  become  dramatically  more  responsive,  .  enterprise  use  of  the  iot  can  be  divided  into  two  segments:  industryspecific  offerings  like  sensors  in  a  generating  plant  or  realtime  location  devices  for  healthcare;  and  iot  devices  that  can  be  used  in  all  industries,  like  smart  air  conditioning  or  security  systems.  while  industryspecific  products  will  make  the  early  running,  by  2020  gartner  predicts  that  crossindustry  devices  will  reach  4.4  billion  units,  while  verticalspecific  devices  will  amount  to  3.2
__label__machineconditionmonitoring billion  units.  consumers  purchase  more  devices,  but  businesses  spend  more:  the  analyst  group  said  that  while  consumer  spending  on  iot  devices  was  around  725bn  last  year,  businesses  spending  on  iot  hit  964bn.  by  2020,  business  and  consumer  spending  on  iot  hardware  will  hit  nearly  3tn.  the  internet  of  things,  broken  down  by  industry.  for  idc  the  three  industries  that  are  expected  to  spend  the  most  on  iot  in  2018  are  manufacturing  189bn,  transportation  85bn,  and  utilities  73bn.  manufacturers  will  largely  focus  on  improving  the  efficiency  of  their  processes  and  asset  tracking,  while  twothirds  of  iot  spending  by  transport  will  go
__label__machineconditionmonitoring toward  freight  monitoring,  followed  by  fleet  management.  iot  spending  in  the  utilities  industry  will  be  dominated  by  smart  grids  for  electricity,  gas,  and  water.  idc  puts  spending  on  crossindustry  iot  areas  like  connected  vehicles  and  smart  buildings,  at  nearly  92bn  in  2018.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  or  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  or  industry  4.0  are  all  names  given  to  the  use  of  iot  technology  in  a  business  setting.  the  concept  is  the  same  as  for  the  consumer  iot;  to  use  a  combination  of  sensors,  wireless  networks,  big  data  and  analytics  to  measure  and  optimise  industrial  processes.  if  introduced
__label__machineconditionmonitoring across  an  entire  supply  chain  rather  than  just  individual  companies  the  impact  could  be  even  greater  with  justintime  delivery  of  materials  and  the  management  of  production  from  start  to  finish.  increasing  workforce  productivity  or  cost  savings  two  potential  aims,  but  the  iiot  can  also  create  new  revenue  streams  for  businesses;  rather  than  just  selling  a  standalone  product  for  example  like  an  engine,  manufacturers  can  sell  predictive  maintenance  of  the  engine  too.  the  iot  promises  to  make  our  environment  our  homes  and  offices  and  vehicles  smarter,  more  measurable,  and  chattier.  smart  speakers  like  and  make  it  easier  to  play  music,  set
__label__machineconditionmonitoring timers,  or  get  information.  make  it  easier  to  monitor  whats  going  on  inside  and  outside,  or  to  see  and  talk  to  visitors.  meanwhile,  smart  thermostats  can  help  us  heat  our  homes  before  we  arrive  back,  and  smart  lightbulbs  can  make  it  look  like  were  home  even  when  were  out.  looking  beyond  the  home,  sensors  can  help  us  to  understand  how  noisy  or  polluted  our  environment  might  be.  autonomous  vehicles  and  smart  cities  could  change  how  we  build  and  manage  our  public  spaces.  however,  many  of  these  innovations  could  have  major  implications  for  .  the  house  that  alexa  built:  an  amazon
__label__machineconditionmonitoring showcase  in  london  in  2017.  for  consumers,  the  smart  home  is  probably  where  they  are  likely  to  come  into  contact  with  internetenabled  things,  and  its  one  area  where  the  big  tech  companies  in  particular  amazon,  google,  and  apple  are  competing  hard.  the  most  obvious  of  these  are  like  amazons  echo,  but  there  are  also  smart  plugs,  lightbulbs,  cameras,  thermostats,  and  the  muchmocked  .  but  as  well  as  showing  off  your  enthusiasm  for  shiny  new  gadgets,  theres  a  more  serious  side  to  smart  home  applications.  they  may  be  able  to  and  in  their  own  homes  longer  by  making  easier  for  family
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  carers  to  communicate  with  them  and  monitor  how  they  are  getting  on.  a  better  understanding  of  how  our  homes  operate,  and  the  ability  to  tweak  those  settings,  could  help  save  energy  ,  for  example.  security  is  one  the  biggest  issues  with  the  iot.  these  sensors  are  collecting  in  many  cases  extremely  sensitive  data  ,  for  example.  keeping  that  secure  is  vital  to  consumer  trust,  but  so  far  the  iots  security  track  record  has  been  extremely  poor.  too  many  iot  devices  give  little  thought  to  basics  of  security,  like  encrypting  data  in  transit  and  at  rest.  flaws  in  software  even
__label__machineconditionmonitoring old  and  wellused  code  are  discovered  on  a  regular  basis,  but  many  iot  devices  lack  the  capability  to  be  patched,  which  means  they  are  permanently  at  risk.  hackers  are  now  actively  targeting  iot  devices  such  as  routers  and  webcams  because  their  inherent  lack  of  security  makes  them  easy  to  compromise  and  .  flaws  have  left  smart  home  devices  like  refrigerators,  ovens,  and  dishwashers  open  to  hackers.  researchers  found  ,  while  some  internetconnected  smartwatches  for  children  have  been  found  to  contain  security  vulnerabilities  that  allow  hackers  to  track  the  ,  or  even  communicate  with  the  user.  when  the  cost  of  making
__label__machineconditionmonitoring smart  objects  becomes  negligible,  these  problems  will  only  become  more  widespread  and  intractable.  all  of  this  applies  in  business  as  well,  but  the  stakes  are  even  higher.  connecting  industrial  machinery  to  iot  networks  increases  the  potential  risk  of  hackers  discovering  and  attacking  these  devices.  industrial  espionage  or  a  destructive  attack  on  critical  infrastructure  are  both  potential  risks.  that  means  businesses  will  need  to  make  sure  that  these  networks  are  isolated  and  protected  with  data  encryption  with  security  of  sensors,  gateways  and  other  components  a  necessity.  the  current  state  of  iot  technology  makes  that  harder  to  ensure,  however,  as  does  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring lack  of  consistent  iot  security  planning  across  organisations.  the  iot  bridges  the  gap  between  the  digital  world  and  the  physical  world,  which  means  that  hacking  into  devices  can  have  dangerous  realworld  consequences.  hacking  into  the  sensors  controlling  the  temperature  in  a  power  station  could  trick  the  operators  into  making  a  catastrophic  decision;  taking  control  of  a  driverless  car  could  also  end  in  disaster.  with  all  those  sensors  collecting  data  on  everything  you  do,  the  iot  is  a  potentially  vast  privacy  headache.  take  the  smart  home:  it  can  tell  when  you  wake  up  when  the  smart  coffee  machine  is  activated  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring how  well  you  brush  your  teeth  thanks  to  your  smart  toothbrush,  what  radio  station  you  listen  to  thanks  to  your  smart  speaker,  what  type  of  food  you  eat  thanks  to  your  smart  oven  or  fridge,  what  your  children  think  thanks  to  their  smart  toys,  and  who  visits  you  and  passes  by  your  house  thanks  to  your  smart  doorbell.  while  companies  will  make  money  from  selling  you  the  smart  object  in  the  first  place,  their  iot  business  model  probably  involves  data,  too.  what  happens  to  that  data  is  a  vitally  important  privacy  matter.  not  all  smart  home  companies  build  their  business
__label__machineconditionmonitoring model  around  harvesting  and  selling  your  data,  but  some  do.  and  its  worth  remembering  that  iot  data  can  be  combined  with  other  bits  of  data  to  create  a  surprisingly  detailed  picture  of  you.  its  surprisingly  easy  to  find  out  a  lot  about  a  person  from  a  few  different  sensor  readings.  in  one  project,  a  researcher  found  that  by  analysing  data  charting  just  the  homes  energy  consumption,  carbon  monoxide  and  carbon  dioxide  levels,  temperature,  and  humidity  throughout  the  day  they  could  work  out  what  someone  was  having  for  dinner.  consumers  need  to  understand  the  exchange  they  are  making  and  whether  they
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  happy  with  that.  some  of  the  same  issues  apply  to  business:  would  your  executive  team  be  happy  to  discuss  a  merger  in  a  meeting  room  equipped  with  smart  speakers  and  cameras,  for  example?  one  recent  survey  found  that  four  out  of  five  companies  would  be  unable  to  identify  all  the  iot  devices  on  their  network.  badly  installed  iot  products  could  easily  open  up  corporate  networks  to  attack  by  hackers,  or  simply  leak  data.  it  might  seem  like  a  trivial  threat  but  imagine  if  the  smart  locks  at  your  office  were  refused  to  open  or  the  smart  weather  station  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ceos  office  were  to  create  a  backdoor  into  your  network.  the  iot  makes  computing  physical.  so  if  things  go  wrong  with  iot  devices,  there  can  be  major  realworld  consequences  something  that  nations  planning  their  cyberwarfare  strategies  are  now  taking  into  account.  last  year,  a  us  intelligence  community  briefing  warned  that  the  countrys  adversaries  already  have  the  ability  to  threaten  its  critical  infrastructure  as  well  as  the  broader  ecosystem  of  connected  consumer  and  industrial  devices  known  as  the  internet  of  things.  us  intelligence  has  also  warned  that  connected  thermostats,  cameras,  and  cookers  could  all  be  used  either  to  spy  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring citizens  of  another  country,  or  to  cause  havoc  if  they  were  hacked.  adding  key  elements  of  national  critical  infrastructure  like  dams,  bridges,  and  elements  of  the  electricity  grid  to  the  iot  makes  it  even  more  vital  that  security  is  as  tight  as  possible.  the  iot  generates  vast  amounts  of  data:  from  sensors  attached  to  machine  parts  or  environment  sensors,  or  the  words  we  shout  at  our  smart  speakers.  that  means  the  iot  is  a  significant  driver  of  big  data  analytics  projects  because  it  allows  companies  to  create  vast  data  sets  and  analyse  them.  giving  a  manufacturer  vast  amounts  of  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring about  how  its  components  behave  in  realworld  situations  can  help  them  to  make  improvements  much  more  rapidly,  while  data  culled  from  sensors  around  a  city  could  help  planners  make  traffic  flow  more  efficiently.  in  particular,  the  iot  will  deliver  large  amounts  of  realtime  data.  cisco  calculates  that  machineto  machine  connections  that  support  iot  applications  will  account  for  more  than  half  of  the  total  27.1  billion  devices  and  connections,  and  will  account  for  .  the  huge  amount  of  data  that  iot  applications  generate  means  that  many  companies  will  choose  to  do  their  data  processing  in  the  cloud  rather  than  build  huge
__label__machineconditionmonitoring amounts  of  inhouse  capacity.  cloud  computing  giants  are  already  courting  these  companies:  microsoft  has  its  ,  while  provides  a  range  of  iot  services,  as  does  .  by  spreading  a  vast  number  of  sensors  over  a  town  or  city,  planners  can  get  a  better  idea  of  whats  really  happening,  in  real  time.  as  a  result,  smart  cities  projects  are  a  key  feature  of  the  iot.  cities  already  generate  large  amounts  of  data  from  security  cameras  and  environmental  sensors  and  already  contain  big  infrastructure  networks  like  those  controlling  traffic  lights.  iot  projects  aim  to  connect  these  up,  and  then  add  further  intelligence
__label__machineconditionmonitoring into  the  system.  there  are  plans  to  blanket  spains  balearic  islands  with  and  turn  it  into  a  lab  for  iot  projects,  for  example.  one  scheme  could  involve  the  regional  socialservices  department  using  the  sensors  to  help  the  elderly,  while  another  could  identify  if  a  beach  has  become  too  crowded  and  offer  alternatives  to  swimmers.  in  another  example,  att  is  launching  a  service  to  ,  roadways,  and  railways  with  lteenabled  sensors  to  monitor  structural  changes  such  as  cracks  and  tilts.  the  ability  to  better  understand  how  a  city  is  functioning  should  allow  planners  to  make  changes  and  monitor  how  this  improves
__label__machineconditionmonitoring residents  lives.  big  tech  companies  see  smart  cities  projects  as  a  potentially  huge  area,  and  many  including  mobile  operators  and  networking  companies  are  now  positioning  themselves  to  get  involved.  iot  devices  use  a  variety  of  methods  to  connect  and  share  data,  although  most  will  use  some  form  of  wireless  connectivity:  homes  and  offices  will  use  standard  wifi  or  bluetooth  low  energy  or  even  ethernet  if  they  arent  especially  mobile;  other  devices  will  use  lte  or  even  satellite  connections  to  communicate.  however,  the  vast  number  of  different  options  has  already  led  some  to  argue  that  iot  communications  standards  need  to  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  accepted  and  interoperable  as  wifi  is  today.  one  area  of  growth  in  the  next  few  years  will  be  the  use  of  5g  networks  to  support  iot  projects.  5g  offers  the  ability  to  fit  as  many  as  one  million  5g  devices  in  a  square  kilometre  which  means  that  it  will  be  possible  to  use  a  vast  number  of  sensors  in  a  very  small  area,  making  large  scale  industrial  iot  deployments  more  possible.  the  uk  has  just  started  a  trial  of  5g  and  the  iot  at  two  smart  factories.  one  likely  trend  is  that,  as  the  iot  develops,  it  could  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  less  data  will  be  sent  for  processing  in  the  cloud.  to  keep  costs  down,  more  processing  could  be  done  ondevice  with  only  the  useful  data  sent  back  to  the  cloud  a  strategy  known  as  edge  computing.  this  will  require  new  technology  like  tamperproof  edge  servers  that  can  collect  and  analyse  data  far  from  the  cloud  or  corporate  data  center.  iot  devices  generate  vast  amounts  of  data;  that  might  be  information  about  an  engines  temperature  or  whether  a  door  is  open  or  closed  or  the  reading  from  a  smart  meter.  all  this  iot  data  has  to  be  collected,  stored  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring analysed.  one  way  companies  are  making  the  most  of  this  data  is  to  feed  it  into  artificial  intelligence  ai  systems  which  will  take  that  iot  data  and  use  it  to  make  predictions.  for  example,  google  is  an  ai  in  .  the  ai  uses  data  pulled  from  thousands  of  iot  sensors  which  is  fed  into  deep  neural  networks,  which  predict  how  different  choices  will  affect  future  energy  consumption.  by  using  machine  learning  and  ai  google  has  been  able  to  make  its  data  centers  more  efficient  and  said  the  same  technology  could  have  uses  in  other  industrial  settings.  as  the  price  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sensors  and  communications  continue  to  drop,  it  becomes  costeffective  to  add  more  devices  to  the  iot  even  if  in  some  cases  theres  little  obvious  benefit  to  consumers.  deployments  are  at  an  early  stage;  most  companies  which  are  engaging  with  the  iot  are  at  the  trial  stage  right  now,  largely  because  the  necessary  technology  sensor  technology,  5g  and  machinelearning  powered  analytics  are  still  themselves  at  an  reasonably  early  stage  of  development.  there  are  many  competing  platforms  and  standards  and  many  different  vendors  from  device  makers  to  software  companies  to  network  operators  want  a  slice  of  the  pie.  its  still  not  clear
__label__machineconditionmonitoring which  of  those  will  win  out.  but  without  standards  and  with  security  an  ongoing  issue  we  are  likely  to  see  some  more  big  iot  security  mishaps  in  the  next  few  years.  as  the  number  of  connected  devices  continues  to  rise,  our  living  and  working  environments  will  become  filled  with  smart  products  assuming  we  are  willing  to  accept  the  security  and  privacy  tradeoffs.  some  will  welcome  the  new  era  of  smart  things.  others  will  pine  for  the  days  when  a  chair  was  simply  a  chair.  what  steps  should  your  organisation  take  to  be  ready  for  the  internet  of  things?  but  analyst
__label__machineconditionmonitoring firm  gartner  has  slashed  its  2020  forecast  for  internet  of  things  devices  by  20  percent,  or  five  billion  units.  the  number  and  variety  of  enterprise  iot  initiatives  are  growing,  but  gartner  says  most  businesses  are  still  holding  back.  here  are  some  compelling  use  cases  and  what  companies  can  take  away  from  them.  iot  is  having  a  profound  impact  on  transportation,  sustainability,  manufacturing,  city  services  and  more.  here  are  17  video  interviews  with  tech  leaders.  by  topic:  edge  computing  edge  computing  networking  edge  computing  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices  support  the  expansion  of  internet  connection  beyond  the  usual  standard  devices  like  computers,  laptops,  smartphones  etc.  these  iot  devices  are  purely  integrated  with  high  definition  technology  which  makes  it  possible  for  them  to  communicate  or  interact  over  the  internet  smoothly  and  can  also  be  managed  and  controlled  remotely  when  required.  what  you  will  learn:  it  is  a  matter  of  fact  today  that  a  number  of  iot  products  have  surpassed  a  huge  number  of  humans  on  this  planet.  approximately  there  are  around  7.62  billion  humans  on  our  planet,  but  to  your  surprise,  by  the  year  2021  with  an  increasing  graph
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  iot  devices,  there  may  be  around  20  billion  iot  smart  devices  up  and  running  with  an  increase  in  the  demand  of  5g  network.  image  if  an  average  is  made  then  after  some  years  each  and  every  individual  in  america  would  be  having  more  than  10  iot  devices  of  their  own.  please  refer  this  to  more  about  this  statistical  data.  nowadays,  the  production  and  usage  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  increasing  very  rapidly.  iot  products  and  devices  basically  include  laptops,  smartphones,  smart  gadgets,  smart  watches,  smart  and  digitalized  vehicles  and  almost  all  of  these  are  used  majorly  today.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  basically  depends  on  two  things  to  transform  a  normal  device  into  iot  smart  device.  when  both  these  functionalities  are  combined  together  an  iot  device  is  formed.  earlier  only  simple  watches  were  only  used  to  see  the  time  and  date,  but  now  the  smart  iot  watches  allow  a  user  to  see  heartbeat  rate,  calorie  count,  steps  walked  etc.  the  market  for  iot  devices  is  expanding  rapidly  day  by  day  and  becoming  more  popular  as  well  with  the  drastic  increase  in  the  number  of  users  who  use  them  daily.  iot  has  a  very  simple  lifecycle  of  development.  deployment  followed  by  monitoring,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring servicing,  managing,  which  is  followed  by  regular  updates  and  decommissioning  at  the  end.  apart  from  these  informations,  there  are  some  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  which  may  have  a  great  impact  on  the  current  and  future  generation  of  mankind.  though  there  are  several  advantages,  there  are  certain  disadvantages  too.  some  of  the  frequently  asked  questions  for  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  enlisted  below  for  your  reference:  iot  devices  are  basically  smart  devices  which  have  support  for  internet  connectivity  and  are  able  to  interact  with  the  other  devices  over  the  internet  and  grant  remote  access  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  user  for  managing  the  device  as  per  their  need.  there  are  several  top  devices  in  the  market.  smart  mobiles,  smart  refrigerators,  smart  watches,  smart  fire  alarm,  smart  door  lock,  smart  bicycle,  medical  sensors,  fitness  trackers,  smart  security  system  etc.,  are  few  examples  of  iot  products.  iot  device  market  is  increasing  drastically,  hence  it  is  assumed  to  have  more  than  20  billion  iot  products  in  the  market  up  and  in  running  state  by  the  year  2021.  the  technologies  used  in  these  devices  are  low  energy  wireless  and  bluetooth,  nfc,  lte,  zigbee,  wireless  protocols  etc.  iot  product/devices  are  basically  physical  devices
__label__machineconditionmonitoring integrated  with  software  and  can  connect  with  each  other  over  the  internet  to  exchange  information,  they  help  the  user  for  more  simple  and  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world.  the  information  provided  in  this  article  is  purely  based  on  the  information  available  on  the  internet  and  not  from  any  private  source.  enlisted  below  are  the  top  internet  of  things  devices  that  are  used  all  over  the  world.  you  can  actually  buy  and  experience  these  devices  for  yourself  that  is  the  beauty  of  this  list.  google  home  voice  controller  is  a  smart  iot  device  which  allows  the  user  to  enjoy  features
__label__machineconditionmonitoring like  media,  alarms,  lights,  thermostats,  control  the  volume  and  much  more  functions  just  by  their  voice.  us  130  google  store,  ebay,  flipkart,  dell.com,  google  express,  verizon  etc.  amazon  echo  plus  voice  controller  is  a  popular  and  reliable  iot  device.  it  is  capable  to  run  songs,  do  phone  calls,  set  timers  and  alarms,  ask  questions,  provide  information,  check  the  weather,  manage  todo  shopping  lists,  manage  house  instruments,  and  several  other  things.  us  99.99  amazon  dash  button  is  basically  a  device  that  gets  connected  over  internet  wifi  and  makes  sure  that  the  user  does  not  lack  important  household  items  like  soft  drinks,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring grocery  material,  medical  and  personal  care,  kids  and  any  pet  items  ever  again.  if  a  user  wants  to  fully  utilize  the  dash  button,  then  the  user  must  be  an  amazon  prime  member.  us  4.99  august  doorbell  cam  is  an  effective  iot  innovation.  august  doorbell  cam  allows  you  to  answer  your  door  from  anywhere  or  remote  location.  it  constantly  checks  your  doors  and  also  captures  motion  changes  in  your  doorstep.  us  199  august  smart  lock  has  proven  to  be  a  reliable  security  iot  device.  it  allows  the  user  to  manage  their  doors  from  any  location  hasslefree.  it  helps  the  user  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring keep  thieves  away  and  family  in  your  home.  us  220  kuri  is  the  first  sort  of  home  robot  and  most  popular  too.  it  is  specifically  designed  for  entertainment.  kuri  interacts  with  the  users  and  captures  moments  all  around  the  house  daily.  us  700  the  wemo  light  switch  helps  a  user  to  manage  your  home  lights  from  the  wall,  your  mobile  or  by  using  your  voice.  this  smart  light  switch  connects  to  your  existing  home  wifi  network  to  give  wireless  access  of  your  lights  with  no  subscription  or  hub  required.  us  39.95  foobot  is  a  reliable  iot  device  which  is  helpful
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  measuring  indoor  pollution  and  leads  to  improved  air  quality  in  houses,  workplace,  and  indoor  public  spaces.  it  often  gives  accurate  results.  us  199  flow  air  pollution  is  an  amazing  discovery  in  the  iot  market.  it  is  a  personal  air  quality  tracker  which  informs  the  user  in  which  area  the  air  quality  is  bad  and  polluted  and  vice  versa.  it  shows  all  the  results  in  the  map  available  in  its  app.  us  179  flow.plumelabs,  amazon,  ebay  etc.  nest  smoke  alarm  is  a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  a  smoke  alarm  that  thinks,  speaks  and  alerts  your  mobile  phone  about
__label__machineconditionmonitoring any  unwanted  emergencies  in  your  home.  it  automatically  tests  itself.  us  119  it  helps  to  control  the  homes  temperature  and  cooling  environment  with  no  effort  from  the  user  for  nest  thermostat.  it  adapts  according  to  your  activities  and  manages  room  the  temperature  automatically  based  on  your  routine.  us  249.99  philips  hue  is  a  very  famous  iot  device  and  is  used  as  a  personal  wireless  lighting  systemthat  allows  to  control  your  light  and  create  the  right  ambiance  for  everymoment.  it  makes  the  smart  home  to  live  with  the  most  connected  lights  in  theworld.  us  30  to  us  100  bitdefender  box  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  the  smart  home  cybersecurity  hub  that  prevents  various  internetconnected  devices  from  malware,  stolen  passwords,  identity  theft,  spying  etc.  us  179.99  ringdoorbellsis  a  reliable  iot  product  and  allows  the  user  to  answer  the  door  from  any  place  using  your  smartphone.  protect  your  home  with  security  cameras  from  ring  video  doorbell.  us  99.99  to  us  499  wemo  smart  plug  is  a  good  iot  product  which  helps  to  turn  on  your  lights,  turn  appliances  on/off  and  provides  the  ability  to  monitor  them  from  anywhere  remotely.  us  49.99  logitech  harmonyis  a  powerful  and  useful  iot  smart  device
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  daily  purposes.  it  is  a  universal  remote  which  lets  you  control  your  house  media,  lighting,  and  other  smart  devices  from  one  location  remotely.  us  49.99  to  us  349.99  this  is  the  particles  iot  board  which  provides  everything  that  a  user  needs  to  build  a  connection  project.  it  makes  prototyping  simple  and  easy  due  to  plugins.  us  19  to  us  25  it  is  an  extremely  powerful  internet  of  things  device  which  maintains  the  whole  home  mesh  wifi  system  that  is  capable  to  cover  the  whole  house  with  fast  wifi.  it  can  work  with  the  existing  internet  service  provider.  us  323.99
__label__machineconditionmonitoring internet  of  things  iot  device  is  a  burning  topic  in  the  current  era.  we  understood  how  these  smart  devices  developed  by  mankind  for  mankind  are  impacting  in  both  positive  and  negative  ways.  in  this  article,  we  came  to  know  about  iot  device  which  is  the  internet  of  things,  the  types  of  devices  which  include  iot  in  our  day  to  day  life  and  the  process  in  which  the  iot  devices  make  a  users  task  simple  and  quick.  we  saw  how  this  technology  which  is  increasing  drastically  is  going  to  impact  the  future  of  mankind  and  the  working  principle  of  iot  devices.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring you  also  came  to  know  about  the  price,  features,  video  explanation  and  from  where  to  buy  these  devices  as  per  your  requirements.  with  these  points,  we  believe  the  time  is  not  too  far,  in  which  we  will  see  each  and  every  individual,  home  using  and  depending  on  these  helping  our  community  since  2006  100  million  visits  all  articles  are  copyrighted  and  can  not  be  reproduced  without  permission.  copyright  softwaretestinghelp  2019  read  our
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  page  you  requested  could  not  be  found.  try  refining  your  search,  or  use  the  navigation  above  to  locate  the  post.  centeritys  aiops  platform  delivers  dynamic  business  service  views  of  the  full  technology  stack  to  the  executives  responsible  for  technologydriven  business  services,  ensuring  the  performance,  availability,  and  security  of  critical  processes.  centerity  displays  realtime,  consolidated  business  analytics  for  complex  onprem,  cloud,  and  hybrid  technology  environments  generating  sla  executive  dashboards  that  identify  performance  anomalies  and  isolate  faults  across  applications,  operating  systems,  infrastructure,  and  cloud  assets.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring subscribe  market  research  future,  bob  gold  associates,  xvela,  navis,  snapfulfil,  most  read  articles  news  from  our  sister  publication  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  are  becoming  increasingly  common  for  both  consumers  and  businesses.  while  consumers  explore  internetconnected  refrigerators  and  webcams,  in  the  business  world  iot  solutions  include:  while  these  iot  solutions  offer  real  benefits,  they  also  introduce  new  security  risks,  like  the  risk  of  data  being  intercepted  or  compromised.  companies  need  to  recognize  these  potential  threats  and  make  informed  security  decisions  regarding  an  iot  solution  for  their  organization.  to  accomplish  this,  its  helpful  to  think  in  terms  of  a  threat  model.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  security  parlance,  a  threat  model  summarizes:  1  potential  attack  objectives,  2  the  ways  in  which  a  system  might  be  compromised,  and  3  security  countermeasures.  supply  chain  leaders  need  to  take  each  of  these  considerations  into  account  as  they  build  an  accurate  threat  model  for  their  particular  iot  solution  and  environment,  since  different  iot  solutions  and  environments  have  different  threat  models.  as  you  begin  to  develop  a  threat  model  for  your  iot  application,  start  by  identifying  plausible  attack  objectives.  an  attacker  may  have  many  objectives,  but  the  following  are  some  of  the  most  common  worth  considering:  once  you  have  identified
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  objective  for  a  potential  attack,  it  is  helpful  to  prioritize  which  ones  you  should  focus  on  preventing.  for  each  potential  attack  scenario,  it  is  useful  to  ask  yourself,  what  are  the  consequences?  to  determine  the  severity  of  the  attack  and  prioritize  concerns.  for  example,  the  threat  of  losing  iot  data  for  one  hour  due  to  a  bad  actor  jamming  a  communications  signal  is  probably  less  serious  than  the  risk  of  damage  to  a  facility.  next,  consider  what  reasons  an  attacker  might  have  to  pursue  the  potential  attack  goals  youve  outlined.  a  scenario  with  a  clear  benefit  to  the  attacker
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  often  a  bigger  concern  than  one  without  any  clear  motivation  to  act  on  it.  prioritize  threats  with  a  known  or  conceivable  motivation.  once  youve  considered  what  could  happen,  next  ask,  how  likely  is  it  to  occur?  consider  potential  attack  pathways  and  the  security  weaknesses  that  might  enable  them.  iot  vulnerabilities  might  include  configuration  errors  for  example,  neglecting  to  change  a  default  password  or  misuse  of  access  privileges  for  example,  if  a  user  copies  and  exports  data.  another  key  consideration  is  the  potential  avenue  of  attack  presented  by  your  iot  devices  communications  network  protocol.  this  will  vary  widely  based  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  network  you  use:  in  addition  to  the  potential  attack  pathway,  there  are  a  number  of  other  factors  that  you  need  to  take  into  account  in  order  to  determine  whether  or  not  your  iot  solution  is  secure.  consider,  for  example,  whether  an  attacker  needs  physical  access  to  the  iot  device,  and  if  so,  how  secure  those  devices  are.  a  device  on  the  outside  of  a  building  in  a  remote  area  may  be  more  of  a  risk  than  a  device  inside  a  locked  container,  for  example.  also  consider  the  device  itselfwhat  skill  set,  tools,  and  time  are  required  to  tamper  with
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it,  and  would  the  ends  justify  the  means?  finally,  consider  whether  attackers  might  achieve  their  objectives  by  abusing  access  granted  to  an  authorized  individual.  what  capabilities  would  the  attacker  have  in  this  scenario?  what  safeguards  should  be  established  to  counter  this  risk?  evaluating  the  ways  in  which  different  iot  systems  can  be  compromised  will  help  you  to  build  an  accurate  threat  model  of  your  particular  environment.  in  turn,  this  careful  consideration  and  evaluation  will  help  you  to  determine  the  appropriate  iot  solution  for  a  given  application.  after  identifying  the  potential  attack  scenarios,  consider  the  countermeasures  that  are  built  in  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring protect  the  iot  solution.  one  level  is  physical  countermeasuresthings  that  prevent  or  mitigate  direct  access  to  the  device.  is  the  device  easily  accessible?  does  the  device  have  ethernet  or  usb  ports  that  can  be  used  to  access  the  firmware?  is  the  firmware  secured?  consider  options  for  hardening  the  iot  device  itself.  second,  consider  the  communications  network  as  discussed  above.  weigh  the  tradeoffs  of  cost,  ease,  and  security  to  make  sure  the  method  youve  chosen  meets  your  needs.  make  sure  that  you  are  employing  the  safeguards  available  with  your  chosen  technology.  iot  systems  can  also  employ  active  countermeasures,  such  as  scanning
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  unauthorized  or  unusual  access  and  alerting  administrators  or  security  staff,  similar  to  other  enterprise  systems.  finally,  user  accounts  can  be  restricted  to  limit  misuse,  and  the  system  as  a  whole  can  be  built  to  maintain  security  even  if  a  specific  sensor  has  been  compromised.  iot  is  creating  amazing  opportunities  for  organizations  to  process  data  and  automate  environmental  interactions  in  new  ways.  but  as  with  all  advances,  iot  comes  with  risks.  by  applying  a  threat  model  framework  and  analyzing  the  possible  attack  objectives,  security  weaknesses,  and  possible  countermeasures,  organizations  can  apply  a  familiar  security  framework  to  this  new  technology.  organizations
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  are  cleareyed  about  evaluating  these  risks  will  find  and  deploy  iot  solutions  to  derive  enormous  value  while  maintaining  appropriate  security.  for  more  on  the  limitations  of  wired  solutions,  see  bryan  hughes  article,  building  realworld  iot  solutions,  iot  agenda  feb.  7,  2018,  parikshit  joshi,  introduction  to  ble  security  for  iot,  simform  llc  july  4,  2017,  for  greater  detail  on  these  complications,  see  peter  thornycroft,  wifi  access  for  the  internet  of  things  can  be  complicated,  network  world  march  21,  2016,  see,  for  example,  gsma  security  guidelines  and  assessment,  gsma  groupe  speciale  mobile  association,  after  you  comment,  click  post.  if  youre  not
__label__machineconditionmonitoring already  logged  in,  you  will  be  asked  to  log  in  or  register.  want  more  articles  like  this?  supply  chain  executive  insight  we  want  to  hear  from  you  we  invite  you  to  share  your  thoughts  and  opinions  about  this  article  by  sending  an  email  to  ?subjectletter  to  the  editor:  quarter  2018:  how  secure  is  your  iot  solution?  cscmps  supply  chain  quarterly  cscmps  supply  chain  quarterly
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  network  of  cloudconnected  devices  that  collect  and  exchange  data.  at  microsoft,  were  addressing  the  unique  challenges  of  securely  managing  iot  devices  by  performing  comprehensive  risk  assessments  and  creating  mitigation  strategies.  the  number  of  iot  solutions  is  going  to  continue  to  grow,  so  its  imperative  that  we  develop  security  solutions  along  with  it.  microsoft  core  services  engineering  cse,  formerly  microsoft  it  is  building  an  integrated  security  controls  strategy  for  internet  of  things  iot  devices  that  interact  with  corporate  data  or  that  help  ensure  human  life  safety.  the  iot  consists  of  all  the  connected  devices
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  can  collect  and  process  data.  it  represents  a  new  and  evolving  landscape,  in  which  technology  is  further  integrated  into  our  personal  and  work  environments,  driving  productivity,  efficiency,  and  convenience.  as  technology  continues  to  evolve,  groups  across  microsoft  are  using  the  iot  to  automate  monitoring,  work  tasks,  and  accessing  information.  the  iot  provides  efficiency  and  convenience  at  microsoft  campuses  by  automating  conference  room  devices,  monitoring  datacenters,  monitoring  and  controlling  smart  building  systems,  and  interacting  with  hololens  devices.  other  segments  at  microsoft,  including  manufacturing,  sales,  and  retail,  use  solutions  that  are  built  on  iot  devices.  many  employees  regularly  use  the  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring outside  of  work  for  home  appliances  and  smart  vehicles.  our  cloudonly  future  has  new  rules,  including,  anything  that  can  be  connected,  will  be  connected  .  we  are  designing  security  controls  and  practices  to  address  the  sheer  number  of  devices  and  security  paradigm  shifts  that  come  with  moving  our  business  assets  to  the  intelligent  cloud,  using  the  and  its  millions  of  iot  devices.  figure  1.  millions  of  devices  make  up  the  intelligent  edge  and  interact  with  the  intelligent  cloud  things  are  moving  fast;  the  iot  industry  is  growing  and  evolving.  there  are  thousands  of  different  devices  and  manufacturers,  which  causes  some
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industrywide  concerns  about  whether  iot  devices  can  be  managed  securely  and  reliably.  our  traditional  methods  for  securing  devices  and  data  were  based  on  the  assumptions  that  devices  can  be  monitored,  information  can  be  encrypted,  and  the  flow  of  data  could  be  monitored  by  human  oversight.  iot  devices  often  have  no  intelligence  of  their  own  and  constantly  collect  and  process  small  amounts  of  data,  which  makes  them  difficult  to  monitor.  we  have  not  yet  implemented  a  dedicated  tracking  system  for  all  iot  efforts  at  microsoft,  but  we  are  working  closely  with  known  iot  initiatives,  including:  we  are  creating  comprehensive  use  cases
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  define  the  risks,  impacts,  and  probability  for  each  threat.  we  define  and  document  threats  and  risks  for  each  type  of  device,  and  we  use  the  scope  of  impact  to  define  the  enterprise  risk  level  for  each  enterprise  scenario.  a  simple  iot  sensor  that  can  detect  a  person  might  be  used  to  turn  up  the  lighting  in  a  walkwayit  could  also  be  used  by  a  rescue  and  response  team  to  find  people  in  a  disaster.  even  the  simplest  sensor  can  be  used  in  a  critical  scenario,  so  we  needed  to  develop  a  strategy  to  help  us  define  highrisk  scenarios  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring how  we  can  implement  controls  and  policies  to  help  mitigate  risks.  appendix  a  contains  a  more  comprehensive  list  of  some  known  threats  and  our  mitigation  strategies.  we  decided  to  focus  on  establishing  a  standard  and  baseline  set  of  controls  highrisk  enterprise  scenarios  first.  these  scenarios  represent  our  core  business  functions.  any  loss  of  these  systems  would  have  a  substantial  impact  on  the  daily  operation  and  business  interest  of  the  company.  other  highrisk  enterprise  scenarios  include  the  loss  or  misuse  of  devices  that  could  result  in  physical  harm  to  people,  property,  or  equipment.  for  highrisk  scenarios,  we  use  the  highest  level
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  controls,  including:  we  are  developing  more  mediumrisk  enterprise  scenarios  as  we  become  more  reliant  on  iot  data  for  planning,  modeling,  and  developing  app  features.  compromise  or  loss  of  this  type  of  data  can  lead  to  tangible  business  impacts.  for  mediumrisk  scenarios,  we  established  recommendations  for  information  security,  including:  while  controls  and  mechanisms  should  be  put  in  place  for  lowrisk  scenarios,  they  are  not  the  focus  of  our  iot  security  standards.  these  items  present  minimal  risk  if  they  are  rendered  unusable.  lowrisk  iot  devices  should  not  have  substantial  business  efforts  built  upon  their  availability  or  data.  for  lowrisk  scenarios,  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring established  recommendations  for  information  security,  including:  to  help  us  manage  the  diversity  of  iot  devices,  we  have  settled  on  a  few  different  ways  to  classify  them,  starting  with  how  much  we  know  about  the  device  and  how  it  works.  based  on  hardware  capabilities,  we  identify  the  smartness  of  each  device  and  classify  it  into  one  of  four  categories:  we  are  working  to  help  ensure  that  developers  follow  best  practices  or  guidance  for  building  secure  solutions  while  we  work  on  developing  specific  guidance  for  securing  iot  devices  or  management  consoles.  we  are  developing  security  standards  and  control  procedures  that  will  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring embedded  into  current  and  future  iot  projects.  until  the  efforts  to  publish  our  iot  standards  and  policies  are  complete,  we  are  using  additional  baseline  activities,  including:  justintime  as  the  importance  of  the  iot  expands  in  the  corporate  environment,  so  does  the  need  to  expand  and  improve  our  security  mechanisms.  at  microsoft,  were  continuing  to  work  internally  and  with  our  partners  to  develop  better  controls  that  will  help  address  some  of  the  risks  that  the  iot  presents.  ongoing  efforts  to  expand  and  improve  our  iot  baselines  will  ensure  adherence  to  the  practices  outlined  above.  internally,  were  expanding  our  efforts  to  generate
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  maintain  a  comprehensive  asset  inventory  of  iot  devices.  we  are  coupling  this  effort  with  work  related  to  our  supplier  solution  security  program  that  will  help  us  manage  the  onboarding  and  procurement  of  secure  iot  devices.  this  data  will  help  us  better  understand  the  impact  iot  has  on  our  network  and  allow  us  to  better  respond  to  future  incidents  or  risks.  additionally,  network  segmentation  efforts  are  underway  to  help  protect  highrisk  iot  implementations  from  informational  works  and  noncritical  devices.  this  network  management  ability  can  help  is  better  monitor  critical  resources  and  turn  off  nonessential  connections  and  protocols.  as  the  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring continues  to  accelerate  and  businesses  realize  the  immense  benefits,  the  next  breakthrough  capability  from  microsoft  will  enable  iot  devices  to  evolvebringing  intelligence  to  the  edge.  while  the  benefits  of  edge  intelligence  are  exciting,  it  will  pose  new  challenges  in  the  way  we  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  iot  devices  in  a  secure  and  scalable  way.  was  introduced  recently,  and  it  brings  together  ways  to  help  us  extend  our  .  azure  iot  edge  will  help  make  the  secure  distribution  of  cloud  intelligence  easier.  2019  microsoft  corporation.  this  document  is  for  informational  purposes  only.  microsoft  makes  no  warranties,  express  or  implied,  in  this
__label__machineconditionmonitoring summary.  the  names  of  actual  companies  and  products  mentioned  herein  may  be  the  trademarks  of  their  respective  owners.  on  device  data,  asset  loss  lost  or  stolen  device  physical  security  encryption  of  dataatrest,  physical  security,  password/pin  policy  encryption  of  dataatrest,  screen  lockout  policy,  password  policy,  physical  security  on  device  data  lost  or  stolen  hard  drive  physical  security  encryption  of  dataatrest  encryption  of  dataatrest  removable  media  lost  and  stolen  media  physical  security  encryption  of  dataatrest  encryption  of  dataatrest  removable  media  malware  transport  n/a  n/a  am/av,  disable  autorun  corporate  credentials  malware  n/a  dns/url/ip  blacklisting  am/av,  device  hardening  corporate  credentials  app  spoofing  n/a  dns/url/ip
__label__machineconditionmonitoring blacklisting  app  whitelisting  device  ransom,  online  ad  theft,  credential  theft,  data  theft  malware  n/a  patching,  dns/url/ip  blacklisting  antimalware,  jail  break  detection  and  reversal,  patching,  application  black  listing,  dns/url/ip  blacklisting  accidental  data  exfiltration  user  saves  to  insecure  site  n/a  dataintransit  dlp  dataintransit  dlp  accidental  data  deletion  delete  of  network  master  n/a  n/a  backup  where  applicable  terminated  employee  credentials  not  terminated  upon  end  of  employment  n/a  n/a  domain  credentials  required,  blocking  inbound  remote  access  tools  such  as  logmein,  teamviewer,  application  blacklisting,  802.1x  wireless  auth,  jit  access  where  applicable  terminated  employee  48hour  delay  before  credentials  are  invalid  n/a  n/a  remove  where  supported:  email
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sync,  o365  access,  remote  access,  rms  protected  docs  access,  domain  logins  to  devices  disabled  in  ad/aad  malicious  sdk/firmware  bad  code  in  dev  base  evaluation  of  device/firmware  evaluation  of  device/firmware  hardware  rooted  trust,  evaluation  of  firmware/device,  code  signing,  secure  boot  device  tampering  of  device  physical  security  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  data  loss  of  data  in  transit  between  sensor  and  controller  encryption  of  dataintransit  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  data  loss  of  data  in  transit  between  controller  and  services
__label__machineconditionmonitoring n/a  encryption  of  dataintransit  encryption  of  dataintransit  device  fake  sensor  physical  security  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  capability  to  detect  new  sensors/devices  that  are  connected  device  fake  device  n/a  physical  security  physical  security  data  external  factors  contributing  to  falsified  sensor  readings  physical  security,  quality  control  n/a  n/a  what  category  would  you  like  to  give  web  site  feedback  on?  how  are  you  feeling  today?  thanks  for  submitting  your  feedback
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  simplest  terms,  the  internet  of  things  iotis  how  we  describe  the  digitally  connected  universe  of  everyday  physical  devices.  these  devices  are  embeddedwith  internet  connectivity,  sensors  and  other  hardware  that  allow  communication  and  control  via  the  web.  iot  makes  once  dumb  devices  smarter  by  giving  them  the  ability  to  send  data  over  the  internet,  allowing  the  device  to  communicate  with  people  and  other  iotenabled  things.  the  connected  smart  home  is  a  good  example  of  iot  in  action.  internetenabled  thermostats,  doorbells,  smoke  detectorsand  security  alarms  create  a  connected  hub  where  data  is  shared  between  physical  devices  and  userscan  remotely  control
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  things  in  that  hub  i.e.,  adjusting  temperature  settings,  unlocking  doors,  etc.  via  a  mobile  appor  website.  far  from  being  restricted  to  just  the  home,  the  internet  of  things  can  be  found  in  an  array  of  devices,  industries  and  settings.  from  smart  blackboards  in  to  that  can  detect  signs  of  parkinsons  disease,  iot  is  rapidly  making  the  world  smarter  by  connecting  the  physical  and  the  digital.  in  a  nutshell,  iot  works  in  the  following  way:  smart  devices  connect  to  an  iot  platform,  described  by  the  experts  at  as  the  support  software  that  connects  everything  in  an  iot  system.  there  are
__label__machineconditionmonitoring hundreds  of  iot  platforms  and  some  are  made  by  such  industry  giants  as  oracle  and  ibm.  for  more  on  how  iot  works  and  where  its  being  used,  check  out  any  of  the  linked  articles  on  this  page.  weve  done  deep  dives  on  everything  under  the  sun,  but  here  are  a  few  of  our  favorites:  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__machineconditionmonitoring covering  the  latest  news  and  technologies  around  internet  of  things,  machine  learning,  and  more.  menu  in  2008,  physicist  made  the  startling  prediction  that  the  transporter  devices  seen  in  star  trek  would  become  a  reality  in  the  next  100  years.  in  case  youre  unaware  of  the  technology  behind  these  fictional  devices,  it  involves  converting  a  person  or  object  into  an  energy  pattern  and  then  beaming  it  to  a  different  location  where  it  converts  back  into  its  previous  form.  this  allows  for  almost  instantaneous  transport  between  two  fixed  points.  transporter  chamber  aboard  the  uss  voyager  imagine  how  much  time  and  money  teleportation
__label__machineconditionmonitoring could  save  a  company  with  thousands  of  machines  located  hundreds  of  miles  apart  from  each  other  while  there  has  been  some  advances  in  ,  were  still  a  long  way  off  from  being  able  to  zap  a  person  from  one  place  to  another.  one  alternative  to  teleportation  that  is  available  now,  is  using  the  internet  of  things  to  monitor  and  diagnose  issues  on  remote  equipment.  this  post  will  look  into  a  reallife  scenario  faced  by  a  water  company  with  vending  machines  scattered  all  over  the  southwestern  united  states,  and  how  a  remote  equipment  monitoring  iot  system  could  have  helped  them  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring save  money  and  time  on  maintenance  expenses.  image  via  wikimedia  the  aforementioned  company  provided  water  vending  machines  for  refilling  those  large  water  coolers  often  found  in  workplaces,  dentist  offices,  and  other  office  spaces.  as  with  any  piece  of  machinery,  these  water  vending  machines  would  experience  downtime  issues  periodically.  sometimes  theyd  be  entirely  offline,  while  other  malfunctions  might  leave  the  vending  machine  still  functioning,  but  producing  lower  quality  water.  every  minute  of  downtime  was  money  the  company  was  leaving  on  the  table.  whats  more,  their  reputation  as  a  company  relied  on  ensuring  that  their  customers  were  receiving  only  the  freshest  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring most  pure  drinking  water  that  their  vending  machines  were  designed  to  provide.  imagine  sending  maintenance  personnel  from  san  francisco,  ca  to  phoenix,  az;  or  berlin  to  belgrade;  or  bogot  to  lima  every  time  you  received  a  report  of  a  broken  machine.  for  this  water  company,  making  sure  their  machines  were  up  and  running  was  a  huge  priority.  however,  maintaining  these  water  vending  machines  that  were  scattered  across  the  southwest  us  was  a  major  challenge  due  to  the  distances  between  the  locations  of  the  machines.  image  via  americansouthwest.net  there  were  hundreds  of  vending  machines,  sometimes  circling  a  thousand,  spread  throughout  each
__label__machineconditionmonitoring state.  as  a  company  with  a  geographically  dispersed  network  of  equipment,  they  employed  a  large  team  of  regional  technicians  to  maintain  their  water  vending  machines.  heres  how  their  equipment  maintenance  operations  worked:  remember,  there  were  at  least  hundreds  of  machines  per  state.  sometimes  they  were  able  to  diagnose  what  was  wrong  and  what  parts  were  needed  for  repair.  sometimes  they  were  unable  to  tell  what  was  wrong  until  they  physically  inspected  the  vending  machine.  this  system  was  tedious  for  the  whole  team  from  the  office  admin  doing  manual  data  entry,  to  the  management  team  manually  reviewing  the  spreadsheets,  to  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance  technicians  required  to  drive  back  and  forth  across  their  territory.  however,  these  tasks  were  more  than  just  tedious.  they  were  actually  jeopardizing  the  longterm  success  of  the  business.  at  this  point,  it  is  important  to  reflect  on  the  knockon  effects  of  inefficient  maintenance  procedures:  the  amount  of  employee  time  required  to  collect,  input,  analyze,  and  act  on  their  machine  data  resulted  in  unnecessarily  bloated  labor  costs  for  the  company.  and  speaking  of  time:  as  a  company  that  prided  themselves  on  offering  fresh,  pure  drinking  water,  the  need  to  overhaul  how  they  maintained  their  remote  equipment  was  extremely  important.  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring being  able  to  monitor  and  remotely  take  action  on  their  machine  data  they  would  be  able  to  better  manage  their  labor  costs,  make  better  use  of  employee  time,  and  consistently  deliver  a  higher  quality  product.  so  how  can  companies  like  the  one  in  this  post  get  started  with  remote  monitoring  of  their  machines?  our  post  on  the  is  a  good  place  to  start.  lets  see  how  this  water  company  answered  the  questions  we  outlined:  in  this  case,  the  company  wanted  to  monitor  the  regionally  distributed  water  vending  machines.  remote  data  collection  would  enable  them  to  diagnose  mechanical  issues  remotely,  while
__label__machineconditionmonitoring also  reducing  the  time  that  staff  spent  collecting  this  information.  we  were  in  luck  these  machines  already  had  an  onboard  monitoring  system  that  stored  data  locally.  the  system  used  sensors  to  measure  things  like  the  ph,  ionization,  and  mineral  content  of  the  water.  the  onboard  computer  also  tracked  diagnostic  information  on  things  like  sudden  pressure  drops  and  on/off  motor  cycles.  the  existing  onboard  sensors  had  already  been  determined  to  have  an  adequate  sensing  range  for  the  companys  immediate  needs.  their  current  workflow  took  weeks  to  get  visibility  into  their  operational  performance.  when  they  did  review  their  data,  it  was  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring risk  of  being  out  of  sync  with  the  machines  current  performance.  the  company  determined  that  having  this  data  uploaded  once  daily  was  more  than  enough.  this  was  particularly  important  in  lowering  their  connectivity  costs  because  of  our  next  question:  no.  the  water  company  informed  us  that  each  point  of  sale  either  had  no  available  internet  connection  or  they  could  not  reliably  depend  on  the  store  allowing  them  to  add  an  outside  device  to  their  internal  network.  even  when  the  stores  would  allow  them  to  share  an  internet  connection,  the  water  company  could  not  depend  on  the  store  to  maintain  security
__label__machineconditionmonitoring best  practices  or  inform  them  when  something  like  the  network  password  changed.  we  ultimately  determined  that  a  cellular  internet  connection  would  be  their  best  option.  reflecting  on  question  4  above,  batch  updates  to  the  cloud  would  help  lower  the  connectivity  costs  of  the  system.  yes,  these  water  vending  machines  had  preexisting  access  to  a  reliable  source  of  wired  power  that  we  could  take  advantage  of.  the  equipment  was  located  outdoors.  typically,  this  would  mean  that  all  hardware  needed  to  be  rated  for  harsh  environmental  conditions.  in  this  case,  our  work  was  made  easier  by  the  fact  that  such  considerations  had
__label__machineconditionmonitoring been  included  in  the  original  design  of  the  machine  and  onboard  monitoring  system.  with  ,  this  water  company  and  their  staff  would  be  able  to  launch  an  iot  system  that  monitored  the  condition  of  their  remote  equipment  from  any  internetconnected  mobile  phone  or  computer.  to  recap,  it  included:  the  water  vending  company  had  a  vague  sense  of  the  different  moving  parts  involved  in  building  an  iot  system  for  their  needs  but  they  struggled  with  being  able  to  bridge  the  gap  between  what  they  knew  was  possible  and  what  they  were  capable  of  accomplishing  alone.  kosmos  is  a  powerful  software  toolkit
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  lets  anyone  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  your  own  iot  systems  no  coding  required.  upon  deployment,  temboos  kosmos  system  provides  you  with:  as  more  and  more  data  is  collected,  your  application  can  begin  benefiting  from  our  machine  learning  tools  for:  if  you  would  like  to  learn  more  about  kosmos,  i  recommend  you  read  our  high  level  overview  of  .  the  water  vending  company  was  also  interested  in  adding  additional  sensors  that  were  not  included  in  the  original  design  of  their  local  condition  monitoring  system.  they  determined  that  these  new  metrics  would  be  valuable  to  the  company,  but  did  not  have
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  budget  for  a  complete  system  redesign.  there  are  a  few  clear  paths  forward  in  augmenting  or  retrofitting  existing  systems  to  provide  new  or  additional  remote  equipment  monitoring  capabilities.  our  conversations  with  potential  partners  usually  reveal  one  of  two  things:  the  company  has  instrumented  equipment,  but  the  data  is  only  available  locally  through  something  like  an  hmi.  they  might  also  be  restricted  in  what  they  can  do  with  that  data  due  to  things  like  vendor  lock  and  gaps  in  their  software  knowhow.  their  equipment  has  no  onboard  sensors  or  sensors  connected  to  something  like  a  programmable  logic  controller.  at  its
__label__machineconditionmonitoring core,  the  water  vending  company  fell  into  the  first  bucket.  they  had  a  monitoring  system,  but  no  way  to  access  this  data  without  sending  technicians  out  to  physically  retrieve  it  from  their  remote  equipment.  the  organizational  hurdle  of  building  a  remote  equipment  monitoring  system  is  already  quite  high.  expanding  a  scope  of  work  so  ambitiously  can  put  the  success  of  a  project  at  risk.  we  spoke  with  the  company  and  were  able  to  get  everyone  on  the  same  page.  we  determined  that  .  we  then  shared  with  them  how  external  sensors  might  be  implemented  in  the  future  and  agreed  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring revisit  adding  them  after  the  pilot.  yes  .  temboos  kosmos  system  is  hardware  and  protocol  agnostic.  were  able  to  augment  existing  equipment  by  working  with  the  systems  that  are  already  in  place.  and  if  the  equipment  you  need  to  monitor  does  not  have  the  necessary  sensors,  they  can  usually  be  added  to,  on,  or  near  whatever  it  is  you  would  like  to  monitor.  a  good  example:  using  relatively  low  cost  hardware  to  enable  remote  vibration  monitoring  and  analysis.  the  vibration  sensors  do  not  need  to  be  wired  into  the  machinery  itself  you  can  instead  place  them  on  the  outside  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring collect  sufficient  data  for  this  purpose.  whether  your  equipment  is  all  under  one  roof  or  spread  out  across  the  world,  your  iot  system  for  remote  equipment  monitoring  can  be  ready  to  launch  in  as  little  as  two  weeks.  submit  your  answers  to  temboos  7  system  guideline  questions  to  see  how  we  can  help:  interested  in  learning  how  other  companies  benefit  from  remote  monitoring?  check  out  our  case  study  covering  how  a  benefited  from  temboos  iot  software,  or  email  us  at  .  related  matthew  is  on  the  product  outreach  team  at  temboo.  he  helps  companies  across  industries  gain  visibility  into  process
__label__machineconditionmonitoring performance,  product  quality,  and  equipment  health  with  iot  technologies.  hes  personally  passionate  about  climate  change,  food  systems,  and  water  quality  all  of  which  stand  to  benefit  from  internetconnected  sensor  systems.  comments  are  closed.  is  temboos  allinone  saas  offering  for  industrial  internet  of  things  applications.  a  powerful  software  toolkit  that  lets  companies  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  their  own  iot  systems  no  coding  required.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  centre  of  informatics  and  systems  of  the  university  of  coimbra,  coimbra  3030290,  portugal;  a.r.;  s.s.;  j.s.s.;  f.b.  centre  of  informatics  and  systems  of  the  university  of  coimbra,  coimbra  3030290,  portugal;  a.r.;  s.s.;  j.s.s.;  f.b.  polytechnic  institute  of  coimbra,  iscac,  coimbra  3040316,  portugal  centre  of  informatics  and  systems  of  the  university  of  coimbra,  coimbra  3030290,  portugal;  a.r.;  s.s.;  j.s.s.;  f.b.  detri,  escuela  politcnica  nacional,  quito  170517,  ecuador  centre  of  informatics  and  systems  of  the  university  of  coimbra,  coimbra  3030290,  portugal;  a.r.;  s.s.;  j.s.s.;  f.b.  centre  of  informatics  and  systems  of  the  university  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring coimbra,  coimbra  3030290,  portugal;  a.r.;  s.s.;  j.s.s.;  f.b.  dependability  and  standardization  are  essential  to  the  adoption  of  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn  in  industrial  applications.  standards  such  as  zigbee,  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a  and  wiapa  are,  nowadays,  at  the  basis  of  the  main  processautomation  technologies.  however,  despite  the  success  of  these  standards,  management  of  wsns  is  still  an  open  topic,  which  clearly  is  an  obstacle  to  dependability.  existing  diagnostic  tools  are  mostly  application  or  problemspecific,  and  do  not  support  standardbased  multinetwork  monitoring.  this  paper  proposes  a  wsn  monitoring  architecture  for  processautomation  technologies  that  addresses  the  mentioned  limitations.  specifically,  the  architecture  has  low  impact
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  sensor  node  resources,  uses  network  metrics  already  available  in  industrial  standards,  and  takes  advantage  of  widely  used  management  standards  to  share  the  monitoring  information.  the  proposed  architecture  was  validated  through  prototyping,  and  the  obtained  performance  results  are  presented  and  discussed  in  the  final  part  of  the  paper.  in  addition  to  proposing  a  monitoring  architecture,  the  paper  provides  an  indepth  insight  into  metrics,  techniques,  management  protocols,  and  standards  applicable  to  industrial  wsns.  the  internet  of  things  iot  currently  makes  it  possible  to  have  a  world  sensed  by  and  connected  to  all  kinds  of  devices.  wireless  sensor  network  wsn  technology  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  key  for  connecting  physical  and  virtual  environments.  this  technology  is  growing  up  so  rapidly  that  in  2011  ciscoibsg  estimated  that  globally  there  would  be  50  billion  interconnected  things  by  2020  .  the  iot  paradigm  leads  to  an  extremely  large  number  of  new  opportunities  and  technical  challenges  in  several  fields  in  general,  and  in  the  industrial  field  in  particular.  in  industry,  wired  technologies  continue  to  be  prevalent  ,  .  digital  technologies  like  modbus,  profibus,  canbus,  hart  ,  and  even  analogue  technologies  like  420  ma  ,  are  used  to  monitor  and  control  most  processes.  despite  the  high  reliability  of  such  technologies,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring proven  over  many  years,  wired  technologies  are  expensive,  difficult  to  install,  time  consuming,  and  unable  to  cope  with  the  requirements  of  cyber  physical  systems  cps  and  industry  4.0.  in  industry  4.0,  cpss  will  confer  micro  intelligence  namely  processing  and  networking  capabilities  to  industrial  objects,  reducing  even  further  todays  already  short  production  cycles  .  additionally,  in  the  near  future,  new  markets  will  drive  cpss  to  increase  their  level  of  adaptability,  directly  connecting  customers  to  manufacturing  facilities,  using  cyber  physical  manufacturing  systems  cpms  ,  .  thus,  wsns  or,  more  specifically,  industrial  wireless  sensor  networks  iwsn,  are  fundamental  for  meeting  the  requirements  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industry  4.0.  iwsn  characteristics  like  low  operating  costs,  selforganization,  selfconfiguration,  flexibility,  rapiddeployment,  and  easy  upgrading,  make  them  ideal  to  industrial  scenarios.  however,  despite  all  of  these  favourable  characteristics,  the  adoption  of  wsns  in  industry  requires  standards,  dependability,  ease  of  use,  network  security,  extended  battery  life,  low  cost,  and  ip  connectivity  .  in  recent  years,  considerable  effort  was  made  in  order  to  design  technologies  that  meet  these  requirements,  and  to  standardize  iwsn  technology.  standards  like  ieee  802.15.4  and  ieee  802.15.1  are  the  technology  foundation  of  many  industrial  applications  for  process  and  factory  automation.  ieee  802.15.4  is  the  base  technology  for  standards
__label__machineconditionmonitoring such  as  zigbeepro  ,  wirelesshart  ,  isa100.11a  ,  and  wiapa  .  these  are  widely  used  in  process  automation  applications  in  the  areas  of  chemical  manufacturing,  pulp  and  paper,  oil  and  gas,  and  glass  and  mineral  .  on  the  other  hand,  ieee  802.15.1  is  the  base  technology  for  standards  such  as  wisa  and  wsanfa  ,  widely  used  in  factory  automation  applications  in  the  areas  of  assembly  process  for  automotive,  consumer  products  and  electronics  .  nevertheless,  although  standards  compliance  is  necessary,  it  is  not  enough  to  guarantee  iswn  reliability  per  se.  sensor  node  components,  either  at  hardware  or  firmware  levels,  and  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring network  itself,  can  be  at  the  root  of  a  variety  of  faults  .  sensor  nodes  are  inherently  resourceconstrained  devices  in  terms  of  energy,  processing  power  and  memory  capacity.  in  this  respect,  the  internet  engineering  task  force  ietf  recently  defined  three  classes  of  devices  :  class  0  for  devices  with  less  than  10  kb  of  ram  and  100  kb  of  flash  memory;  class  1  for  devices  with  around  10  kb  of  ram  and  100  kb  of  flash;  and  class  2  for  devices  that  have  more  resources  but  are  still  quite  constrained  when  compared  to  highend  devices.  in  addition  to  the  device
__label__machineconditionmonitoring constraints  mentioned,  sensor,  network,  and  application  heterogeneity  lead  to  extremely  complex  iwsn  solutions  and,  consequently,  to  faultproneness.  these  characteristics  impose  adequate,  carefullydesigned  strategies  in  the  development  of  sensor  nodes  firmware,  hardware  architectures,  and  operating  systems  oss  kernel  e.g.,  choosing  between  exokernel,  microkernel,  monolithic  approach  or  hybrid  approach  .  as  a  way  of  example,  oem  manufacturers  can  build  their  products  based  on  a  single  chip  comprising  wireless  communications  and  processing  capabilities  ,  or  separate  microcontroller  and  radio  connected  by  spi  or  uart  .  furthermore,  applications  may  be  developed  on  bare  metal  which  makes  them  very  hardwarespecific,  or  using  one  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring available  oss  e.g.,  contiki  ,  riot  ,  freertos  .  another  important  component  is  the  network.  for  instance,  despite  the  inclusion  of  security  mechanisms  in  all  of  the  referred  standards,  there  are  known  attacks  on  wirelesshart,  zigbeepro,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa  ,  ,  ,  .  additionally,  some  of  these  technologies,  namely  wirelesshart,  zigbeepro,  and  wiapa,  are  not  immune  to  interference  from  equipment  complying  with  other  standards,  such  as  ieee  802.11,  when  operating  in  the  ism  2.4  ghz  frequency  band.  such  problems  may  lead  to  early  sensor  node  energy  depletion,  and  subsequent  replacement,  increasing  the  costs  of  network  operation.  because  of  this,  postdeployment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tools  are  needed  in  order  to  adequately  monitor  iwsns,  thus  contributing  to  the  global  system  reliability.  in  the  last  decade,  a  wide  range  of  wsn  postdeployment  tools  were  developed.  some  of  them  can  improve  the  reliability  of  wsn  by  detecting  network,  firmware,  and/or  hardware  problems.  these  tools  help  developers  in  both  deployment  and  postdeployment  environments  by  making  several  firmware  and  hardwarerelated  metrics  accessible,  and  by  detecting  problems,  using,  for  instance,  sniffers  or  sink  nodes.  however,  despite  the  effort  to  build  such  tools,  most  of  them  were  designed  for  specific  applications,  require  specific  or  dedicated  hardware,  consume  nonnegligible  amounts  of  energy,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring do  not  implement  security  mechanisms,  are  complex  to  configure  and/or  to  use,  and  do  not  allow  the  centralized  management  of  multiple  industrial  standards  like  zigbeepro,  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa.  in  this  context,  the  contributions  of  this  paper  are  the  following:  i  a  survey  of  iswn  standards  for  processautomation  and  their  features  per  osi  layer;  ii  an  overview  of  the  reports  and  metrics  made  available  by  each  of  the  iwsn  standards;  iii  a  survey  of  the  main  techniques  for  wsn  monitoring  at  network,  firmware,  and  hardware  levels;  iv  a  proposal  for  an  industrial  iot  monitoring  architecture  that  builds  on  ieee  802.15.4based
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industrial  standards  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  zigbeepro  and  wiapa  to  provide  management  functionality;  and  v  a  proofofconcept  implementation  of  the  proposed  architecture.  it  should  be  noted  that  the  proposed  architecture  does  not  increase  the  cost  of  node  manufacturing,  has  negligible  impact  on  the  main  sensor  node  application,  hardware  components,  and  network  bandwidth  and,  last  but  not  least,  does  not  significantly  increase  energy  consumption.  the  remainder  of  this  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  details  the  main  industrial  iot  technologies,  and  provides  a  revision  of  applicable  management  protocols.  in  ,  representative  diagnostic  tools  for  collecting  hardware,  firmware  and  network  metrics  are  described.  presents  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring proposed  architecture  in  detail  and,  at  the  same  time,  explains  how  technologies,  approaches,  and  protocols  can  be  used  to  implement  it.  presents  a  proofofconcept  implementation  in  a  testbed  using  the  wirelesshart  standard,  with  the  aim  of  assessing  the  architectures  impact  in  terms  of  energy  consumption,  application  latency,  ram  and  flash  utilization,  and  network  traffic.  compares  the  proposed  architecture  with  related  work  in  this  domain.  lastly,  presents  the  conclusions  and  guidelines  for  future  work.  reliable,  controlled  operation,  and  use  of  standardized  technologies  are  key  to  the  adoption  of  wsns  in  industrial  applications  .  in  besteffort  type  networks,  all  devices  in  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring network  obtain  an  unspecified  data  rate  and  delivery  time,  depending  on  the  traffic  load  .  as  a  result,  data  is  delivered  without  any  quality  of  service  guarantees.  however,  in  general,  industrial  process  automation  applications  have  stringent  latency  requirements.  for  instance,  monitoring  applications  should  guarantee  an  average  latency  of  100  ms;  control  applications  should  guarantee  10  ms  to  100  ms  latency;  and,  lastly,  safety  applications  should  guarantee  a  maximum  latency  of  10  ms  .  to  meet  these  requirements,  iwsns  may  have  to  preallocate  network  bandwidth  and  physical  resources,  thus  avoiding  statistical  effects  that  lead  to  insufficient  bandwidth,  uncontrolled  jitter,  and  congestion
__label__machineconditionmonitoring losses.  with  these  constraints  in  mind,  this  section  surveys  the  main  iwsn  technologies  and  standards  namely,  ieee  802.15.4,  zigbeepro  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a  and  wiapa,  highlighting  their  main  features,  monitoring  functionality,  and  applicable  management  protocols.  this  subsection  analyses  the  characteristic  features  of  each  of  the  main  iwsn  standards,  namely  zigbeepro,  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa.  the  analysis  is  done  on  a  perosilayer  basis,  starting  with  the  physical  layer  and  working  up  to  the  application  layer.  ,  below,  presents  a  summary  of  the  referred  features,  and  may  be  used  as  guidance  for  the  reader.  summary  of  main  features,  adapted  from  and  .  ieee  802.15.4
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  a  standard  for  lowrate  wireless  personal  area  networks  lrwpans  that  specifies  the  physical  phy  and  medium  access  control  mac  layers.  these  layers  design  was  optimized  for  very  lowpower  consumption,  high  reliability  using  mesh  networks,  lowdata  rates,  and  lowcost.  zigbee,  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa  have  all  adopted  ieee  802.15.4  at  the  phy  layer.  however,  because  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa  target  worldwide  adoption,  theyve  chosen  to  use  the  2.4  ghz  frequency  band  only,  as  opposed  to  zigbee,  which  can  use  the  868  mhz  and  915  mhz  bands  as  well  .  at  the  mac  layer,  there  are  significant  differences  in  the  adoption
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  ieee  802.15.4  by  each  of  the  four  standards.  at  this  layer,  networks  can  work  in  beacon  or  nonbeacon  modes  of  operation.  when  using  the  beacon  mode,  sensor  nodes  receive  a  specific  message  that  is  used  to  synchronize  the  network  devices  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  identify  the  network,  and  to  describe  the  structure  of  the  frame.  beacon  networks  are  capable  of  detecting  other  beacon  networks,  and,  for  this  reason,  beacon  networks  can  coexist  in  the  same  geographical  area.  additionally,  ieee  802.15.4  uses  a  superframe  structure  in  order  to  manage  nodes  channel  access.  the  superframe  is  formed  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring three  different  parts:  contention  access  period  cap,  contention  free  period  cfp,  and  inactive  period.  this  superframe  structure  is  used  in  zigbee  and  wiapa  because  these  two  standards  operate  in  beacon  mode.  on  the  other  hand,  wirelesshart  and  isa100.11a  do  not  operate  in  beaconmode,  as  their  developers  considered  that  this  mode  is  not  good  enough  for  industrial  applications  note:  wiapa  also  shares  the  same  view;  however,  its  authors  opted  for  maintaining  full  compatibility  with  ieee  802.15.4based  networks,  and  implement  additional  features  at  the  data  link  dl  layer.  as  a  result,  wirelesshart  and  isa100.11a  implemented  their  own  superframes  .  wirelessharts  superframe  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring composed  of  10  ms  timeslots,  while  isa100.11a  can  operate  in  any  of  three  superframe  modes  short,  long,  and  hybrid.  finally,  zigbee  can  use  a  slotted  or  unslotted  csma/ca  mechanism  for  managing  the  access  to  the  wireless  medium,  while  the  remaining  standards  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a  and  wia  pa  use  tdma  and  csma,  providing  a  high  and  medium  level  of  latency  determinism,  respectively.  neither  wirelesshart  or  isa100.11a  implement  the  full  ieee  802.15.4  mac  layer,  as  they  consider  that  the  mac  layer  of  ieee  802.15.4  is  not  capable  of  delivering  the  deterministic  latency  needed  by  industrial  applications.  as  such,  these  standards  extend  and  complement
__label__machineconditionmonitoring medium  access  mechanisms  with  functionality  at  the  data  link  dl  layer  ,  namely,  time  synchronized  channel  hopping  tsch,  which  then  evolved  to  the  new  ieee  802.15.4.e  standard.  the  tsch  mechanism  offers  two  significant  improvements:  the  possibility  to  have  deterministic  latency  communication  resources  are  preallocated;  and  a  mechanism  of  channel  hopping  that  minimizes  interference  with  nearby  devices  that  operate  in  the  same  frequency,  such  as  ieee  802.11  devices.  on  the  other  hand,  the  wiapa  follows  the  ieee  802.15.4  standard  at  the  dl  layer,  including  functionalities  like  time  synchronization  and  frequency  hopping  techniques.  lastly,  zigbee  does  not  implement  any  mechanism  at  this
__label__machineconditionmonitoring layer.  it  is  also  worthwhile  mentioning  that,  in  addition  to  extending/complementing  mac  layer  functionality,  the  dl  layer  is  also  used  by  isa100.11a  for  implementing  some  networkrelated  functions,  specifically  in  what  concerns  routing.  in  fact,  this  standard  implements  two  types  of  routing:  one  at  the  dl  layer,  which  handles  all  the  ieee  802.15.4  traffic,  and  another  one  at  the  network  nwk  layer,  responsible  for  handling  the  ipv6  backbone  traffic,  as  we  will  see  below.  at  the  nwk  layer,  the  choice  of  supported  functionality  and  routing  protocols  is  often  influenced  by  the  network  architectures  .  for  instance,  zigbee  offers  the  possibility  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring having  star,  tree,  and  mesh  topologies,  and  defines  several  field  devices:  coordinator,  routers,  and  enddevices.  tree  routing  and  zaodv  protocols  are  used  when  the  network  operates  in  tree  or  mesh  topology,  respectively.  despite  the  fact  that  mesh  networks  can  be  considered  more  reliable,  in  zigbee,  the  utilization  of  this  topology  is  not  suitable  for  industrial  applications,  due  to  the  overhead  and  nondeterministic  latency  of  ondemand  protocols  like  zaodv  .  in  the  case  of  wirelesshart,  the  basic  network  devices  are:  field  devices,  gateway,  access  points,  and  network  and  security  manager.  typically,  wirelesshart  gateways  support  the  role  of  security  and  network  manager,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  access  point  .  wirelesshart  networks  may  operate  in  star  or  mesh  topologies.  however,  the  mesh  topology  is  the  most  used  one,  due  to  its  flexibility,  inherent  faulttolerance,  and  ease  of  deployment  and  configuration.  with  this  topology,  routing  can  be  done  by  using  graph  routing  or  source  routing.  when  graph  routing  is  used,  the  network  manager  needs  to  compute  all  graphs  in  the  network  and  share  them  with  sensor  nodes.  all  communications  using  graph  routing  always  consider  two  different  paths  to  ensure  reliability.  in  contrast,  when  source  routing  is  used,  network  packets  are  forward  between  intermediate  devices  without  the  need
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  prior  route  information  the  path  of  the  packet  is  specified  in  the  packet  itself  .  differently  from  the  other  standards,  isa100.11a  specifies  two  types  of  networks:  ieee  802.15.4  i.e.,  wsn  network,  and  backbone  network.  in  the  wsn  network,  isa100.11a  defines  three  device  types:  routing  devices,  field  devices,  and  handheld  devices.  the  routing  mechanisms  available  in  this  network  are  the  same  as  the  ones  in  wirelesshart.  additionally,  in  the  infrastructure  i.e.,  backbone  side,  isa100.11a  uses  6lowpan,  thus  allowing  for  direct  communication  between  external  ip  devices  and  isa100.11a  devices.  lastly,  wiapa  supports  a  hierarchical  topology  that  uses  star  and  mesh,  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring staronly  topology.  in  the  case  of  the  mesh  topology,  the  network  operates  using  routers  and  gateways,  while  in  the  star  topology  the  network  is  composed  of  routers  and  field/handheld  devices.  at  this  level,  field  devices  are  cluster  members  that  acquire  sensor  information  and  send  it  to  the  cluster  heads  routers.  then,  the  clusterheads  form  the  mesh  network.  each  routing  device  in  the  network  shares  its  neighbour  information  with  the  network  manager,  and  then  the  network  manager  computes  and  shares  the  static  routes.  for  each  pair  of  devices  that  want  to  communicate,  at  least  two  routing  paths  are  assigned.  the  transport
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tp  layer  is  responsible  for  providing  hosttohost  communication  services  between  applications.  as  can  be  seen  in  ,  only  wirelesshart  and  isa100.11a  implement  data  transport  functions  at  this  layer,  supporting  different  service  level  agreements.  optionally,  isa100.11a  offers  endtoend  security  at  this  layer.  in  contrast  to  isa100.11a  and  wirelesshart,  wiapa  provides  different  service  level  agreements  at  the  application  sublayer  aps,  and  not  at  the  transport  layer.  the  servicelevel  agreements  available  in  each  standard  are  presented  in  and  .  last  but  not  least,  zigbee  does  not  support  any  transport  layer  functionality  nor  does  it  support  traffic  differentiation  at  the  aps  sublayer.  moreover,  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring zigbee,  fragmentation,  reassembly,  and  device  discovery  are  implemented  at  the  aps  sublayer.  the  application  app  layer  is  the  layer  at  which  the  connection  between  legacy  systems  and  ieee  802.15.4based  systems  takes  place  ,  .  at  this  layer,  there  are  two  important  options  that  can  be  identified.  wirelesshart  uses  a  commandoriented  approach;  alternatively,  isa100.11a,  zigbee,  and  wiapa  use  a  more  flexible  objectoriented  approach.  objectoriented  approaches  are  more  flexible  than  commandoriented  approaches  because  they  allow  for  protocol  translation  by  mapping  attributes  from  one  protocol  to  the  other.  as  for  native  applications,  zigbee  supports  the  zigbee  profiles;  wirelesshart  supports  the  hart  protocol;  wiapa
__label__machineconditionmonitoring supports  native  protocols  like  profibus,  ff,  and  hart;  last  but  not  least,  isa100.11a  supports  the  isa100.11  application  protocol.  iwsn  standard  technologies  make  device  and  network  state  information  available  to  a  variety  of  entities,  e.g.,  network  neighbours  or  a  central  management  device.  in  general,  this  information  is  shared  between  nodes  to  compute  routes,  allocate  bandwidth,  calculate  link  costs  between  network  devices,  or  generate  alarms  when  critical  events  occur  e.g.,  link  failure,  route  failure,  low  battery  level,  etc..  this  subsection  presents  the  network  and  data  link  layer  reports  available  in  each  of  the  standards  being  considered  in  this  paper  ,  ,  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ,  and  describes  the  context  in  which  the  reports  are  used.  presents  a  summary  of  the  referred  reports,  and  may  be  used  as  guidance  for  the  discussion.  iwsn  network  metrics.  the  zigbee  standard  comprises  three  report  types  that  are  used  for  sharing  network  and  noderelated  information:  1  link  status  report;  2  network  status  report,  and  3  network  report.  link  status  reports  share  sensor  nodes  neighbours  incoming  and  outgoing  link  costs.  the  report  is  broadcasted  by  zigbee  coordinators  and  routers  in  onehop  fashion.  this  report  is  useful  during  network  discovery,  to  find  neighbour  devices,  and  in  the  operation  phase  for  updating
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  devices  neighbour  table.  network  status  reports  are  sent  by  devices  in  order  to  report  errors  and  other  events  that  arise  at  the  network  layer.  the  report  can  be  sent  in  unicast  or  broadcast  modes  over  the  network,  and  can  only  pertain  to  an  event  at  a  time.  the  list  of  the  possible  reported  events  is  presented  in  the  .  last  but  not  least,  network  reports  allow  a  device  to  report  network  events,  like  pan  conflict,  or  the  radio  channel  condition  to  the  coordinator.  as  limitation,  in  the  tree  topology,  some  of  these  packets  nay  not  be  received  by  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring zigbee  coordinator,  due  to  the  presence  of  routing  devices,  that  make  their  own  routing  decisions.  on  the  other  hand,  when  using  a  star  topology,  all  the  packets  will  be  received  at  the  zigbee  coordinator.  contrary  to  what  happens  in  zigbee,  in  wirelesshart,  the  network  manager  controls  all  communication  in  the  network,  and  only  authorizes  new  services  if  resources  are  available.  consequently,  field  devices  here  with  full  network  capabilities  must  share  node  state  and  network  based  information  with  the  network  manager.  in  wirelesshart,  all  network  reports  arrive  to  the  network  manager  by  using  the  maintenance  service.  wirelesshart  specifies  four  types  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reports:  1  device  health;  2  neighbour  health  list;  3  neighbour  signal  levels;  and  4  alarm  report.  device  health  reports  summarize  all  the  communication  statistics  of  a  unique  field  device  and  are  periodically  sent  to  the  network  manager.  the  statistics  include  generated  packets  by  device,  terminated  packets  by  device,  power  status,  and  others.  neighbour  health  list  reports  include  statistics  about  the  communication  with  all  neighbours  linked  to  a  field  device.  these  reports  include  the  total  number  of  linked  neighbours,  the  mean  received  signal  level  rsl  to  the  neighbour,  and  packets  and  errors  statistics.  neighbour  signal  level  reports  include  statistics  of  discovered
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  not  linked  neighbour  devices  detected  by  a  field  device.  when  a  device  wants  to  connect  to  the  network,  it  usually  sends  a  join  request  and  a  neighbour  signal  level  report.  lastly,  wirelesshart  defines  several  alarm  types:  path  down  alarm;  source  route  failed  alarm;  and  graph  route  failed  alarm.  similarly  to  what  happens  in  wirelesshart,  in  isa100.11a  networks,  the  system  manager  controls  all  communication  in  the  network.  however,  in  this  standard,  wsn  routing  takes  place  at  the  dl  layer,  due  to  the  use  of  6lowpan  at  the  network  layer.  network  metrics  in  isa100.11a  are  shared  at  the  mac  layer,  instead
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  being  shared  at  the  nwk  layer.  isa100.11a  defines  two  groups  of  network  reports:  1  connectivity  alert,  and  2  neighbour  discovery  alert.  connectivity  alerts  comprise  two  types  of  reports:  perneighbour  report  and  perchannel  report.  perneighbour  reports  contain  neighbours  connection  statistics.  on  the  other  hand,  perchannel  reports  contain  perchannel  allneighbours  statistics,  and  convey  them  to  the  system  manager.  finally,  neighbour  discovery  alerts  are  sent  periodically  to  the  system  manager  with  a  list  of  overheard  neighbours.  the  system  manager  makes  new  routing  decisions  based  on  these  reports.  perneighbour  reports,  perchannel  reports,  and  neighbour  discovery  alert,  are  similar  to  wirelessharts  neighbour  health  list,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring device  health,  and  neighbour  signal  level,  respectively.  last  but  not  least,  in  wiapa,  route  computation  is  also  performed  by  the  network  gateway,  similarly  to  wirelesshart  and  isa100.11a.  wiapa  defines  four  types  of  reports:  1  device  status  report,  2  channel  condition  report,  3  neighbour  report,  and  4  path  failure  report.  device  status  reports  include  statistics  about  the  condition  of  field  devices  and  routers,  such  as  the  number  of  packets  exchanged  with  neighbours,  number  of  restarts,  and  uptime.  channel  condition  reports  send  statistics  grouped  by  channel  and  neighbour  to  the  network  gateway.  these  statistics  include  link  quality,  packet  loss  rate,  and  number
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  retries.  neighbour  reports,  also  received  by  the  network  gateway,  group  neighbour  statistics  and  neighbour  scheduling  details,  such  as  backoff  counter  and  exponent,  transmitted  and  received  packets,  and  number  of  acknowledgments.  lastly,  path  failure  reports  are  generated  when  a  route  path  failure  occurs.  these  reports  are  sent  by  a  routing  device  to  the  network  gateway,  whenever  the  retransmission  counter  of  a  specific  path  exceeds  a  given  threshold.  network  management  emerged  in  traditional  networks  with  the  need  to  control  and  monitor  networks  as  they  grew  up  in  size  and  complexity.  iso/iec  74984  was  one  of  the  first  initiatives  to  establish  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring management  framework,  by  defining  a  set  of  functional  areas,  namely:  fault,  configuration,  accounting,  performance,  and  security  management.  furthermore,  iso/iec  74984  proposed  the  use  of  managed  objects  as  abstractions  for  network  resources,  which,  in  turn,  contain  several  attributes.  in  current  protocols,  managed  objects  can  be  defined  using  several  syntaxes,  like  smiv2  ,  yang  ,  and  xml  .  managed  objects  data  are  stored  in  management  databases  and  accessed  by  management  protocols.  in  this  subsection,  we  identify  two  types  of  management  protocols:  1  protocols  designed  for  traditional  networks;  and  2  protocols  designed  for  networks  of  resourceconstrained  devices,  that  can  also  be  used  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring some  traditional  networks.  as  one  of  most  used  protocols  for  the  management  of  ip  devices,  snmp  provides  most  of  the  basic  functionality  defined  in  iso/iec  74984.  the  standard  specifies  an  architecture  based  on  agents  and  managers.  devices  being  monitored,  run  snmp  agents  that  share  the  device  state  information  with  an  snmp  manager,  by  using  query/response  interactions  and  trap  notifications.  each  snmp  agent  has  a  collection  of  managed  objects  whose  data  are  stored  in  a  management  information  base  mib.  each  object  is  identified  using  a  specific  object  identifier  oid.  despite  the  success  of  snmp  for  monitoring  purposes,  the  protocol  failed  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring provide  an  effective  and  reliable  way  to  configure  devices.  thus,  ietf  started  a  working  group  that  wrote  an  informational  rfc  with  several  requirements  that  coming  network  management  standards  should  implemented.  this  work  was  the  basis  for  the  netconf  protocol.  differently  from  snmps  manageragent  architecture,  netconf  uses  a  clientserver  architecture.  the  server  runs  on  a  management  device  snmp  agent  and  shares  the  monitoring  information  also  by  query/response  and  notification  messages  with  the  client  snmp  manager.  additionally,  when  devices  need  to  be  configured,  the  client  may  send  several  configuration  commands  in  one  or  several  transactions.  the  transactions  supported  in  netconf  give  operators
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  capability  of  sending  outoforder  commands,  and  of  performing  rollback  and  commit  operations.  the  management  protocols  mentioned  up  to  now  were  designed  for  traditional  networks.  in  ,  the  authors  implemented  traditional  network  management  protocols  in  networks  of  constrained  devices,  and  concluded  that  snmp  and  netconf  are  not  suitable  for  this  type  of  networks.  for  instance,  the  use  of  tls  encryption  in  netconf  adds  significant  overhead  in  terms  of  session  time  i.e.,  in  the  order  of  seconds.  in  later  years,  with  the  growth  of  iot,  new  solutions  that  address  resourceconstrained  devices  and  6lowpan  networks  were  proposed.  these  solutions  also  take  advantage
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  transport  protocols  specially  designed  for  resourceconstrained  devices,  like  coap  .  one  of  the  first  solutions  developed  with  a  focus  on  the  management  of  6lowpan  networks  was  the  lowpan  network  management  lnmp  protocol  .  the  lnmp  protocol  implements  a  solution  based  on  snmp  that  targets  6lowpan  networks.  in  this  solution,  6lowpan  gateways  convert  the  information  from  6lowpan  networks  to  snmp  mibs  and  make  it  available  over  ip.  on  the  other  hand,  other  management  architectures  were  evaluated,  and  new  research  directions  that  take  advantage  of  new  technologies  like  http  appeared.  in  ,  the  authors  evaluated  the  use  of  different  architectures  like
__label__machineconditionmonitoring snmp,  resourceoriented  architecture  roa,  and  serviceoriented  architecture  soa,  and  concluded  that  roa  architectures  are  more  suitable  for  resourceconstrained  devices  in  terms  of  response  time  and  power  consumption,  and  are  less  sensitive  to  changes  in  timeout.  as  a  result,  a  restful  version  of  netconf  was  created,  named  restconf  .  distinct  from  netconf,  which  uses  ssh  and  tcp,  restconf  allows  the  communication  between  server  and  client  using  http  operations.  using  http  at  the  application  layer  enables  clients  to  receive  notifications  without  maintaining  a  permanent  connection  with  the  server,  as  it  is  the  case  of  netconf  one  of  its  major  drawbacks.  the  syntax
__label__machineconditionmonitoring used  in  restconf  is  yang,  the  same  syntax  used  in  netconf.  also  using  an  roabased  architecture  but  with  a  different  application  protocol,  the  coap  management  interface  comi  is  an  internet  draft  that  intends  to  provide  access  to  resources  specified  in  yang  or  smiv2,  using  coap.  the  draft  defines,  as  in  the  cases  of  netconf  and  restconf,  a  separation  between  operational  and  configuration  data  store,  the  use  of  dtls,  and  a  conversion  of  yang  string  identifiers  to  numeric  identifiers  that  contributes  to  reducing  the  payload  size.  last  but  not  least,  lwm2m  is  also  a  protocol  designed  for  resourceconstrained  devices.  this  protocol
__label__machineconditionmonitoring provides  device  management  and  application  management,  an  aspect  that  differs  from  the  previously  mentioned  network  management  protocols.  as  comi,  lwm2m  also  supports  the  use  of  coap  at  the  application  layer.  being  a  restbased  protocol,  lwm2m  uses  get/put/post  operations  to  perform  read/write/execute  operations  over  the  managed  objects  resources.  in  this  protocol,  the  definition  of  managed  objects  is  done  using  xml.  an  extensive  list  of  managed  objects  is  available  in  oma  .  in  addition  to  these,  oma  allows  the  creation  of  specific  objects  by  individuals,  organizations,  and  companies.  summing  up,  in  this  subsection,  a  set  of  network  management  protocols  were  presented  see
__label__machineconditionmonitoring .  by  analysing  the  protocols  presented  here,  we  identified  protocols  suitable  to  managing  traditional  networks  switches,  routers,  computers,  and  protocols  designed  for  networks  of  resourceconstrained  devices  e.g.,  sensor  nodes.  an  important  trend  is  that  new  protocols  like  lwm2m  use  generalpurpose  languages  to  describe  the  managed  objects  e.g.,  xml,  instead  of  yang  and  smiv2.  all  of  these  management  protocols  can  be  incorporated  into  the  different  gateways  identified  in  the  industrial  standards  presented  before  i.e.,  zigbee  coordinator,  wirelesshart  network  manager,  isa100.11a  system  manager,  and  wiapa  network  gateway  because  these  roles  are  performed  by  unconstrained  devices.  finally,  protocols  like  snmp,  netconf,  restconf,  comi
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  lwm2m  cannot  be  directly  used  in  sensor  nodes  because  current  standard  industrial  technologies  do  not  allow  running  application  protocols  other  than  their  own.  thus,  the  management  of  these  kinds  of  networks  can  only  be  done  in  a  standardized  way  at  gateway  level.  only  new  standards  like  6tisch  support  the  management  of  sensor  node  devices  using  comi  or  lwm2m  because  6tisch  uses  the  coap  protocol  at  the  application  level.  nevertheless,  due  to  the  fact  that  no  6tischbased  products  are  available  and,  consequently,  it  is  not  yet  used  in  industrial  settings,  6tisch  will  not  be  addressed  in  this  paper.  network  management
__label__machineconditionmonitoring protocols  revision.  the  design  of  a  diagnostic  tool  applicable  to  lowend  iot  devices,  like  wsn  nodes,  is  a  tough  task  due  to  their  characteristics  and  diversity.  wsn  nodes  have  limited  resources,  support  a  variety  of  application  architectures,  and  rely  on  complex  network  mechanisms.  in  addition,  wsn  applications  can  be  developed  for  a  specific  operating  system,  or  even  almost  from  scratch.  these  characteristics  make  it  difficult,  or  even  impossible,  to  develop  a  common  diagnostic  tool  for  all  kinds  of  scenarios,  and,  at  the  same  time,  compatible  with  several  operating  systems.  despite  this,  in  the  last  decade,  several  diagnostic  tools  were  proposed
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  order  to  provide  inside  views  on  wsn  networks  and  nodes  behaviour.  in  ,  the  authors  analyse  an  extensive  set  of  diagnostic  tools.  in  this  section,  some  of  the  tools  described  in  ,  as  well  as  more  recent  tools  like  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  will  be  presented  from  a  diagnostic  target  perspective,  organizing  their  presentation  into  networkbased,  firmwarebased,  and  hardwarebased  tools.  the  nature  of  wireless  communications  makes  this  technology  unreliable  and  failureprone.  in  this  context,  diagnostic  tools  that  are  able  to  collect  network  metrics  and  evaluate  the  state  of  the  network  are  essential.  three  types  of  approaches  can  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring used  to  collect  network  information:  1  passive,  using  extra  hardware  to  collect  network  information  without  interference;  2  active,  using  onnode  available  resources;  and  3  hybrid,  using  a  mix  of  active  and  passive  approaches.  when  passive  approaches  are  used,  the  acquisition  of  networkrelated  information  is  made  by  installing  extra  sniffer  nodes  or  sniffer  capabilities  in  the  existing  sink  nodes.  these  diagnostic  tools  may  differ  in  the  type  of  sniffer  nodes,  in  the  storage  approach,  and  in  the  way  the  gathered  information  is  transmitted.  specifically,  some  of  the  existing  solutions  use  sink  sniffer  nodes  to  collect  traffic  data  from  the  network;  others
__label__machineconditionmonitoring use  extra  networks  of  sniffers  deployed  with  the  main  wsn;  others  use  sniffer  nodes  that  collect  data  and  store  it  in  memory;  and,  lastly,  the  most  expensive  in  terms  of  network  installation,  send  networkrelated  information  by  wired  technologies  e.g.,  snif  ,  snts  ,  pda  ,  livenet  and  lsnms  .  differently  from  passive  tools  that  rely  on  extra  hardware  to  monitor  the  network,  active  approaches  use  onnode  metrics  already  available  in  sensors  nodes.  active  tools  are  easy  to  install,  do  not  need  extra  hardware  and,  consequently,  are  less  expensive  when  compared  to  passive  approaches.  however,  active  tools  may  have  impact  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring node  resources,  as  memory,  energy,  processing,  and  network  throughput  are  needed  to  collect,  store,  and  transport  networkrelated  information.  some  of  the  tools  gather  traffic  metrics  from  the  sensor  nodes  operating  system,  others  from  the  network  layer,  and  others  directly  from  sink  nodes,  based  on  the  received  network  traffic.  in  addition,  there  is  a  specific  set  of  tools  that  use  software  scripts  deployed  in  sensor  nodes  to  collect  statistics  about  the  network  traffic  seen  by  the  node.  subsequently  to  data  acquisition,  the  transport  of  networkrelated  information  can  be  made  using  the  main  application  channel  or  a  secondary  channel.  to  minimize  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring impact  of  data  transport,  some  tools  use  compression  and  aggregation  techniques  so  as  to  reduce  the  traffic  overhead.  examples  of  this  type  of  tools  are  marionete  ,  megs  ,  memento  ,  wringer  ,  6panview  ,  and  d2  .  lastly,  hybrid  approaches  use  a  mix  of  methods  described  in  the  cases  of  the  active  and  passive  approaches.  examples  of  this  type  of  tools  are  sympathy  and  dustminer  .  another  source  of  faults  commonly  addressed  by  diagnostic  tools  is  the  sensor  nodes  firmware.  after  firmware  development,  sensor  nodes  are  deployed  in  the  field  and,  in  some  cases,  faults  may  stay  in  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring dormant  state  until  an  input  activates  them.  if  the  error  is  not  properly  handled,  a  firmware  failure  may  occur  and  sensor  node  data  may  not  be  delivered  or  may  be  corrupted.  in  an  extreme  although  not  uncommon  situation,  a  firmware  fault  may  even  prevent  a  sensor  node  from  entering  sleep  mode  and,  eventually,  lead  to  battery  exhaustion.  with  the  aim  of  promptly  detecting  firmware  faults,  there  are  diagnostic  tools  that  help  developers  in  either  the  development  phase,  or  in  the  wsn  deployment  phase.  tools  that  are  used  during  the  development  phase  usually  require  debugging  interfaces,  specific  hardware  implemented  in  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring microcontrollers  architecture,  and  integrated  development  environments  ides  that  allow  for  accessing  the  available  functionality.  examples  of  these  technologies  are:  the  old  jtag  interface  used  to  program  microcontrollers  and  to  have  access  to  special  internal  registers  e.g.,  hardware  and  software  breakpoints;  uart  ports  used  for  outputting  log  messages  that  are  useful  for  debugging  purposes;  the  energytrace  technology,  from  texas,  that  allows  developers  to  measure  the  impact  of  firmware  on  nodes  energy  consumption;  and  the  coresight  technology,  implemented  by  arm  in  their  microcontrollers,  which  allows  performance  profiling,  memory  access,  realtime  tracing,  and  software  debugging  through  a  new  type  of  interfaces,  namely  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring serial  wire  debug  and  the  serial  wire  output  pin  examples  of  variables  that  can  be  access  using  this  type  of  technology  are  cycles  per  instructions,  sleep  cycles,  and  exceptions.  on  top  of  that,  ides  like  code  compose  studio  ccs  ,  ,  among  others,  enable  access  to  these  tools  and  help  developers  to  detect  code  faults.  none  of  the  development  phase  diagnostic  technologies  are  suitable  for  postdeployment  because  they  require  a  wired  connection  between  nodes  and  the  tools  hardware.  consequently,  in  the  last  decade,  several  deployment  phase  tools  were  proposed  that  are  able  to  provide  monitoring  information,  although  with  considerable  limitations
__label__machineconditionmonitoring when  compared  to  the  functionality  delivered  by  development  phase  tools.  some  examples  are  ,  nucleos  ,  enverilog  ,  marionete  ,  clairvoyant  ,  nodemd  ,  lsnms  ,  lis  ,  memento  ,  dustminer  ,  dt  ,  tracealyzer  ,  and  dylog  .  despite  their  limitations,  these  tools  allow  wsn  operators/managers  to  collect  operating  systems  variables  e.g.,  task  queue  state,  number  of  reboots,  main  application  variables,  and  application  events  and  states  like  function  calls.  this  information  is  usually  stored  in  flash,  ram,  or  sent  via  the  application  main  channel  using  logs.  in  order  to  deliver  all  of  these  without  requiring  an  extra  effort  during
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  main  application  development,  code  instrumentation  techniques  are  used,  which  make  it  possible  to  automate  the  process  of  adding  firmware  metrics  collection  and  transmission  functionality.  firmware  data  is  usually  sent  using  one  of  two  paradigms:  eventdriven  or  querydriven.  additionally,  some  of  the  tools  implement  extra  functionality,  such  as:  sourcelevel  debugging,  offering  commands  similar  to  hardware  debugging  break,  stop,  watch,  backtrace,  etc.;  remote  callspecific  functions;  remote  reprogramming;  and  specification  of  trace  log  events  triggering  conditions.  tools  that  usually  read  and  write  large  amounts  of  data  from/to  flash  memory  e.g.,  tracealyzer  are  not,  in  general,  appropriated  for  industrial  wsn  technologies  due  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  energy  wasted  in  the  process.  finally,  a  source  of  faults  that  diagnostic  tools  also  commonly  address  is  hardware  faults.  hardware  faults  may  occur  before  and/or  after  wsn  deployment,  and  are  due  to  one  or  more  of  several  reasons,  such  as:  bad  hardware  design,  external  environment  phenomena,  aging,  and  extreme  temperatures.  hardware  diagnostic  tools  can  be  divided  in  two  groups:  1  externalphysicaltools  that  are  used  by  developers  and  operators;  and  2  onnodetools  that  infer  hardware  faults  using  available  hardware  resources.  the  first  group  of  tools  consists  of  physical  tools/equipment  that  operators  and  developers  use  to  check  hardware  condition  and  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring occurrence  of  faults.  tools  like  oscilloscopes,  multimeters,  and  logic  analysers  are  connected  to  the  target  system  in  order  to  check  the  condition  of  the  electronics  and  the  existence  of  faults.  these  tools  are  frequently  used  during  the  development  phase,  where  developers  search  for  electronics  defects  and  for  communication  problems  between  hardware  modules  e.g.,  using  logic  analysers  .  onnodetools  use  a  different  approach.  this  type  of  tools  is  designed  during  the  hardware  and/or  firmware  development  phase,  with  the  specific  purpose  of  collecting  state  information  from  the  different  modules  using  onnode  components.  in  ,  the  authors  use  the  arm  coresight  technology  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring create  a  wdp  watch  dog  processor,  by  polling  the  main  processor  memory  variables  and  setting  conditions  on  these  variables.  also  using  the  same  technology,  in  ,  the  authors  extend  hardware  in  loop  hil  tests,  by  incorporating  some  metrics  provided  by  the  coresight  technology.  moreover,  in  ,  the  authors  propose  a  technique  to  read  the  energy  wasted  in  boards  that  use  switching  regulators.  by  collecting  these  metrics,  operators  and  developers  are  able  to  detect  hardware  faults  that  occur  during  the  deployment  phase  without  using  external  tools.  current  wsn  diagnostic  tools  have  several  drawbacks,  as  already  pointed  in  our  previous  work  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  our  opinion,  some  of  these  drawbacks  are  hampering  the  use  of  wsns  in  industry  because,  nowadays,  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge,  there  arent  multinetwork,  standardcompliant  monitoring  tools  that  support  the  iwsn  technologies  addressed  in  this  proposal  zigbee,  isa100.11a,  wirelesshart,  wiapa.  in  order  to  make  this  clear,  in  and  ,  a  review  of  the  stateoftheart  in  what  concerns  the  main  industrial  iot  standards,  network  management,  and  diagnostic  tools  was  made.  as  a  result,  some  questions  arose:  how  can  multiple  networks,  possibly  comprising  equipment  compliant  with  different  standards,  be  monitored  in  an  integrated  way?  how  can  management  functionality  be  added
__label__machineconditionmonitoring at  the  gateway  level?  how  can  firmware  and  hardware  be  monitored  without  extra  costs  in  hardware,  firmware,  and  network?  in  what  concerns  network  monitoring,  three  important  aspects  were  identified  in  and  :  the  set  of  techniques  used  by  current  diagnostic  tools  to  monitor  the  network;  the  available  metrics,  provided  by  almost  all  industrial  standards,  that  can  be  collected  and  shared  at  gateway  level;  and  the  current  management  standards.  in  what  concerns  hardware  and  firmware  monitoring,  several  approaches  and  technologies  were  also  presented,  as  well  as  log  techniques  that  can  be  used  to  convey  hardware  and  firmware  metrics  inside  the  network.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thus,  the  review  made  in  these  sections  identified  several  crucial  points  and  research  directions  that  led  us  to  the  proposal  of  this  architecture  and  related  properties.  implementations  of  the  proposed  architecture  will  lead  to  diagnostic  tools  that  are  totally  compatible  with  industrial  standards.  in  this  respect,  a  proofofconcept  implementation  will  be  presented  in  ,  which  also  discusses  evaluation  results.  it  should  be  highlighted  that  the  current  architectural  proposal  goes  well  beyond  identifying  components  and  respective  abstract  relations.  more  than  defining  the  requirements,  interactions,  and  roles  to  be  performed  by  each  architecture  component,  this  section  defines  technologies,  approaches,  and  protocols  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  used  in  realistic,  practical  industrial  scenarios.  for  instance,  this  section  addresses  the  techniques  and  technologies  for  collecting  hardware,  firmware,  and  network  metrics;  defines  the  services  used  in  each  standard  for  conveying  the  monitoring  information;  and  identifies  the  management  protocols  and  technologies  for  dealing  with  the  monitoring  information.  the  remainder  of  this  section  is  organized  as  follows:  initially,  the  proposed  monitoring  architecture  is  presented,  providing  the  reader  with  a  global  view  of  its  components  and  their  main  roles;  subsequently,  each  component  is  described  in  detail,  by  specifying  their  role  and  requirements.  moreover,  the  technologies  applicable  to  each  component  will  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring identified.  with  the  emergence  of  several  iwsn  standards  and  the  increase  in  the  number  of  iwsn  deployments,  it  is  crucial  to  define  an  architecture  able  to  monitor  multiplenetwork,  standardcompliant  technologies.  the  proposed  architecture,  presented  in  ,  represents  a  flexible,  scalable,  energyefficient,  lowcost,  and  multistandard  solution  that  covers  hardware,  firmware,  and  network  monitoring.  in  order  to  ease  the  adoption  by  iwsn  vendors,  oem  producers,  and  developers,  the  architecture  was  designed  according  to  six  main  guidelines:  i  it  should  support  the  monitoring  of  multiple  iwsns;  ii  it  should  support  multiple  iwsn  standards;  iii  it  should  not  lead  to  a  significant  increase  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring energy  expenditure;  iv  the  collection  of  hardware  metrics  should  not  increase  the  cost  of  manufacturing;  v  the  acquisition  of  metrics  should  not  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  main  application  size  and  delay,  nor  should  it  lead  to  a  large  traffic  overhead;  vi  the  network  metrics  defined  by  each  iwsn  standard  should  be  used;  and,  lastly,  vii  the  collection  of  sensornode  metrics  hardware/firmware  and  network  metrics  should  be  independent.  the  proposed  architecture  has  five  base  modules:  1  sensor  node  monitoring  agent;  2  gateway  monitoring  agent;  3  monitoring  logger;  4  management  agents;  and  5  management  system.  proposed  monitoring  architecture.  the  sensor
__label__machineconditionmonitoring node  monitoring  agent  is  responsible  for  the  collection  of  node  monitoring  data  hardware  and  firmware  metrics,  and  the  sending  of  this  metrics  to  the  network  gateway.  the  latter  will  forward  the  metrics  to  the  monitoring  logger,  where  they  will  be  parsed  and  stored.  the  monitoring  agent  will  use  the  most  appropriate  service  in  each  industrial  standard  for  forwarding  the  metrics.  these  metrics  are  encapsulated  in  a  specific  application  format.  during  its  operation  either  when  collecting  information  or  when  sending  it,  the  monitoring  agent  should  minimize  the  impact  on  the  available  resources.  each  industrial  gateway  has  a  pair  of  agents  one
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  agent  and  one  management  agent.  the  gateway  monitoring  agent  is  the  component  that  collects  the  network  metrics  and  the  gateway  state  globally  called  management  objects  and  stores  them  in  a  local  database  the  datastore.  these  are  then  accessed  in  a  standardized  way  by  management  systems,  through  the  services  delivered  by  the  gateway  management  agent.  in  order  to  support  the  interoperability  with  management  systems,  the  gateway  also  stores  the  representation  of  the  management  objects  i.e.,  iwsn  standard  metrics,  and  gateway  state.  on  the  other  hand,  the  handling  of  the  collected  sensor  node  monitoring  data  is  carried  out  by  a  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring logger  component,  which  parses  the  log  messages  and  stores  them  in  its  datastore.  the  monitoring  logger  is  a  software  component  with  two  main  subcomponents:  log  parser  and  management  agent.  the  log  parser  is  the  component  that  receives  the  log  messages  from  the  gateway,  parses  them,  and  stores  them  in  the  local  datastore.  like  the  gateway,  the  monitoring  logger  locally  stores  a  representation  of  the  management  objects.  this  representation  enables  the  management  agent  to  share  the  sensor  node  metrics  with  the  management  system  in  a  standardized  way  i.e.,  by  using  description  languages  such  as  smiv2,  xml  e  yang.  it  should  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring noted  that  the  monitoring  logger  is  a  logical  component  that  can  be  deployed  either  on  the  gateway  if  the  manufacturer  supports  it  or  on  the  management  system.  the  management  system  receives  network  monitoring  data  from  the  gateway  management  agent,  and  sensor  node  data  hardware  and  firmware  metrics  from  the  monitoring  logger  management  agent.  besides  the  traditional  functions  of  configuring  the  monitoring  capabilities  of  iwsn  devices,  the  management  system  can  include,  for  instance,  a  diagnostic  tool  that  alerts  operators  or  developers  of  critical  events  in  the  network,  hardware,  or  firmware.  thus,  the  management  system  is  capable  of  monitoring  sensor  nodes  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring network  behaviour  of  multiple  iwsns  using  the  standards  addressed  in  this  paper.  this  section  outlined  a  proposal  for  a  monitoring  architecture  for  iwsns  that:  does  not  require  any  modification  to  iwsn  standardized  technologies,  benefits  from  the  management  information  provided  by  each  iwsn  standard,  and  communicates  with  management  systems  in  a  standardized  way.  this  addresses  requirements  i,  ii,  vi  and  vii,  identified  in  the  beginning  of  this  section.  the  next  subsections  detail  each  architecture  component  and  show  how  the  identified  questions  and  requirements  especially,  the  ones  more  related  with  implementation  strategies  are  address  by  this  proposal.  sensor  node  metrics  hardware  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring firmware  are  collected  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent,  as  opposed  to  network  metrics,  which  are  collect  by  the  gateway  monitoring  agent.  independence  between  the  acquisition  of  network  and  sensor  node  metrics  is  one  of  the  main  features  of  the  proposed  architecture.  this  makes  it  possible  to  monitor  the  network  independently  from  the  acquisition  of  sensor  node  metrics.  this  separation  also  allows  having  closed  modules  in  iwsn  gateways  provided  by  iwsn  vendors  and  a  more  open  monitoring  logger  module  that  can  be  extended  by  developers  if  needed.  this  section  presents  and  discusses  the  main  requirements  for  hardware  and  firmware  metrics
__label__machineconditionmonitoring acquisition  in  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent,  and  provides  guidelines  as  to  the  technologies  that  can  be  used  in  this  scope.  additionally,  the  approaches  used  in  the  transport  of  the  logged  data  over  the  iwsn  will  be  also  presented.  in  order  to  persuade  iwsm  vendors  and  oem  producers  to  incorporate  realtime  monitoring  in  sensor  nodes  hardware,  the  monitoring  techniques  used  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  should  meet  the  following  requirements:  the  added  hardware  components  should  not  significantly  increase  the  cost  of  sensor  node  manufacturing;  the  board  space  required  by  monitoring  components  should  be  minimal;  the  energy  consumed  by  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring hardware  monitoring  components  should  have  a  negligible  impact  on  the  battery  life;  processing  and  memory  overhead  should  be  minimum;  and  lastly,  access  to  the  hardware  metrics  should  be  seamless  across  all  hardware  platforms.  regarding  the  latter  requirement,  considering  the  techniques  presented  in  ,  those  who  enable  direct  access  to  microcontroller  metrics  by  using  internal  hardware  registers  and  hardware  counters  have  a  higher  level  of  portability  when  compared  to  external  physical  tools.  from  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  perspective,  seamless  access  to  hardware  metrics,  regardless  the  underlying  technology,  is  extremely  important.  by  using  different  board  support  packages  bsps  developed  by  hardware
__label__machineconditionmonitoring manufactures  e.g.,  drivelib,  or  by  using  interfaces  available  in  the  sensor  nodes  operating  systems  e.g.,  contiki,  riot,  it  is  possible  for  sensor  node  monitoring  agents  to  gather  hardware  metrics  directly  from  each  hardware  platform.  hardware  monitoring  techniques  that  collect  vast  quantities  of  data  to  infer  the  hardwares  condition  are  not  appropriate  for  industrial  wsn  application  scenarios.  the  work  performed  in  ,  ,  ,  presents  a  set  of  metrics  that  can  be  collected  with  little  cost  and  extra  value  to  assess  the  health  of  hardware  components.  specifically,  in  ,  the  authors  present  a  lowcost  technique  that,  using  an  extra  wire  connected
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  an  mcu  hardware  counter,  enables  the  measurement  of  sensor  nodes  energy  consumption.  this  technique  was  used  in  ,  in  an  anomaly  detection  system,  with  good  results,  and  proved  its  low  footprint  in  terms  of  memory,  cost,  and  processing  load.  using  the  same  mcu  technology  the  msp430  family,  in  ,  the  authors  present  a  technique  that  enables  data  acquisition  on  microcontroller  cycles  and  execution  time.  in  16bit  architectures,  the  msp430  family  is  one  of  the  most  used  microcontrollers  in  wsn  hardware  due  to  its  low  power  consumption.  on  the  other  hand,  in  32bit  architectures,  arm  microcontrollers  are  the  most  used
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ones.  for  these  platforms,  the  work  presented  in  ,  describes  a  set  of  metrics  that  can  be  collected  from  the  coresight  technology  available  in  the  arm  architecture.  the  data  watch  point  dwt  block  can  provide  several  measurement  statistics,  such  as  interrupt  overhead,  and  sleep  cycles.  another  block,  the  embedded  trace  macrocell  etm,  can  provide  statistics  concerning  the  number  of  executed  or  skipped  instructions.  summing  up,  the  monitoring  of  hardware  condition  can  be  performed  at  hardware  level  in  compliance  with  the  defined  requirements.  furthermore,  the  proposed  methods  allow  data  acquisition  for  different  types  of  microcontroller  architectures  and  technologies.  a  set  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring techniques  already  addressed  and  proven  by  the  scientific  community  were  presented,  and  are  recommended  for  use  in  the  proposed  architecture  development  of  firmware  for  sensor  nodes  can  be  made  using  one  of  two  types  of  approaches:  the  bare  metal  approach  or  the  osbased  approach.  when  the  bare  metal  approach  is  used,  the  application  is  usually  developed  in  c  or  c,  and  access  to  the  hardware  is  made  by  the  bsp  supplied  by  the  manufacturer,  resulting  in  a  very  hardwaredependent  development.  this  type  of  development  is  less  portable  than  osbased  development,  in  which  hardware  operations  are  managed  by  the  os.  developers
__label__machineconditionmonitoring only  have  to  call  os  generic  functions  that  will,  in  turn,  be  translated  into  hardwarespecific  calls.  firmware  monitoring  techniques  used  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  should  support  the  monitoring  of  applications  developed  either  using  bare  metal  or  osbased  approaches.  thus,  as  main  requirements,  firmware  monitoring  techniques  should:  be  application  independent;  support,  at  least,  c  and  c  according  to  most  oss  use  these  languages;  be  osindependent;  when  enabled,  have  a  negligible  impact  on  the  execution  of  the  main  application  i.e.,  a  minimal  increase  in  the  microcontrollers  load;  minimize  the  use  of  ram,  program  memory,  and  external  memory;  be  easy  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring integrate  into  the  developers  work  flow;  and  not  depend  on  physical  access  to  the  hardware.  similar  to  hardware  monitoring  techniques,  firmware  techniques  that  collect  vast  quantities  of  data  and  need  physical  access  are  not  appropriate  to  this  architecture.  from  the  set  of  techniques  used  in  the  tools  presented  in  ,  instrumentation  techniques  are  the  only  ones  that  fulfil  the  mentioned  requirements.  tools  that  use  instrumentation  techniques  with  scripting  languages  allow  developers  to  easily  integrate  them  in  their  daily  workflow  and,  at  the  same  time,  provide  code  tracing,  debugging,  profiling,  and  performance  counters.  supporting  instrumentation  in  c  and  c  languages  allows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  use  of  instrumentation  techniques  in  almost  all  oss.  in  the  proposed  architecture,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  tool  collects  firmware  metrics  by  using  instrumentation  techniques.  in  ,  ,  ,  ,  the  authors  present  some  technologies,  techniques,  and  metrics  that  use  code  instrumentation.  for  instance,  in  ,  the  authors  use  the  c  intermediate  language  cil  to  instrument  the  c  source  code.  the  instrumentation  code  is  inserted  by  a  parser  before  building  the  binary  file.  using  a  similar  approach,  in  ,  the  authors  use  the  pycparser  tool  to  instrument  the  code  to  support  logging.  on  the  other  hand,  in  ,  the  authors
__label__machineconditionmonitoring use  binary  instrumentation  to  inject  the  monitoring  code  using  the  trampoline  technique.  differently  from  the  other  instrumentation  techniques,  in  binary  instrumentation,  developers  do  not  need  to  have  access  to  the  source  code  to  change  the  program  flow.  using  trampoline  techniques,  the  displaced  instructions  are  executed  and  then  another  jump  is  made  back  to  the  actual  code.  this  method  allows  the  use  of  instrumentation  in  running  code.  these  techniques  allow  the  collection  of  several  firmware  metrics  like  function  header,  control  flow  if,  else,  switch,  function  footer,  function  calls,  variables  values,  and  number  of  variable  assignments.  in  conclusion,  from  all  the  techniques
__label__machineconditionmonitoring presented  in  ,  solutions  that  need  physical  access  to  hardware  interfaces  e.g.,  jtag  to  collect  firmware  monitoring  metrics  cannot  be  used  in  real  industrial  deployments.  for  this  reason,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  proposed  in  the  current  architecture  collects  firmware  metrics  using  techniques  deployed  in  the  firmware  by  code  instrumentation.  iwsn  standards  were  engineered  to  optimize  four  important  sensor  node  resources:  node  battery,  reliability,  latency,  and  network  bandwidth.  in  this  type  of  networks,  sensor  nodes  should  operate  during  several  years,  and  network  resources  should  be  optimized  for  conveying  the  collected  data  with  a  variety  of  qos  requirements.  typically,  the  transport
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  sensor  node  monitoring  information  has  lower  priority  than  the  main  application  traffic  because  the  collection  of  this  information  cannot  compromise  the  sensor  node  main  application  nor  its  operating  lifetime.  thus,  the  transport  of  sensor  node  monitoring  data  made  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  should  fulfil  the  following  requirements:  the  monitoring  information  should  be  sent  using  appropriate  network  services  and  without  compromising  the  main  sensor  application;  the  monitoring  information  storage  should  be  managed  without  compromising  the  main  application  for  instance  using  a  fifo  buffer  in  ram,  and  dropping  data  when  the  buffer  is  full;  when  available,  data  should  have
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  network  timestamp  to  make  it  possible  to  correlate  several  events  in  the  network;  when  security  is  enabled  for  the  main  application,  the  monitoring  data  should  also  be  secured;  when  log  packets  exceed  the  maximum  payload  size  and  no  fragmentation  and  reassembly  mechanisms  are  available  in  the  underlying  layers,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  should  support  fragmentation  and  reassembly  mechanisms;  lastly,  the  impact  of  such  operations  on  battery  life  should  be  minimal.  regarding  the  timestamp  requirement,  from  the  set  of  the  four  analysed  standards  zigbee  is  the  only  one  that  does  not  define  a  time  standard  in  its  specification.  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  other  hand,  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa  define  their  own  time  standard  as  universal  time  coordinated  utc,  international  atomic  time  tai,  and  utc,  respectively,  and  provide  services  to  synchronize  sensor  nodes  .  consequently,  in  zigbee,  sensor  node  monitoring  data  cannot  be  correlated  without  implementing  additional  mechanisms  in  the  sensor  nodes  that  enable  for  synchronizing  the  network  time  between  nodes.  as  already  mentioned,  the  maximum  transmission  unit  mtu  in  ieee802.15.4  is  127  bytes.  thus,  all  of  the  four  standards  use  fragmentation  and  reassembly  mechanisms  to  overcome  this  limitation.  wiapa  and  isa100.11a  implement  this  mechanism  at  the  network  layer,  unlike  zigbee  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring implements  it  at  the  application  support  sublayer.  wirelesshart  also  supports  the  transport  of  large  packets,  but,  in  this  case,  sensor  nodes  need  to  allocate  a  special  type  of  transport  servicethe  block  data  transfer.  this  service  only  allows  the  existence  of  a  unique  block  transfer  service  for  the  whole  network  ,  .  thus,  in  wirelesshart,  the  transport  of  blocks  of  data  that  exceed  the  maximum  mtu  size  requires  fragmentation  and  reassembly  to  be  implemented  at  application  level.  another  important  aspect  is  the  security  of  sensor  node  monitoring  data.  all  of  the  industrial  standards  within  the  scope  of  this  architecture  offer  hopbyhop
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  endtoend  encryption.  in  the  cases  of  zigbee,  wirelesshart,  and  isa100.11a,  security  is  managed  using  a  centralized  approach.  on  the  other  hand,  wiapa  uses  a  distributed  approach,  where  the  security  manager  together  with  the  routing  devices  configure  the  security  measures  and  forward  the  keys  to  field  devices.  all  the  standards  under  consideration  provide  encryption  using  symmetric  keys,  although  isa100.11a  can  also  use  asymmetric  encryption  in  device  joining  processes.  last  but  not  least,  the  highest  level  of  ieee  802.15.4  security  policy  is  aes128ccm.  consequently,  most  ieee802.15.4  radio  chips  support  aes128ccm  operations  at  the  hardware  level  .  in  order  to  minimize  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring impact  on  the  main  application  traffic,  the  approach  to  transporting  sensor  nodes  monitoring  data  should  be  carefully  selected  for  each  standard,  as  presented  below.  in  wirelesshart,  data  transport  can  be  done  using  one  out  of  four  types  of  services:  block  transfer  service,  maintenance  service,  periodic  service,  and  event  service.  the  block  transfer  service  can  only  be  used  by  one  sensor  node  at  a  time.  thus,  this  service  is  not  appropriate  to  transport  sensor  node  monitoring  data.  the  maintenance  service  provides  the  network  with  a  minimal  bandwidth  for  basic  sensor  nodes  control  and  management  operations.  because  this  is  a  low  bandwidth
__label__machineconditionmonitoring service,  it  cannot  handle  the  transport  of  sensor  node  monitoring  data.  the  event  service  is  used  by  applications  to  send  data  packets  during  unexpected  events,  such  as  alarms  and  warnings  when  this  service  is  requested,  the  radio  needs  to  define  the  latency  associated  to  the  service  .  finally,  the  publish  service  is  used  to  periodically  send  data,  like  sensor  readings  when  this  service  is  requested,  the  radio  needs  to  define  the  interval  for  sending  the  data  .  taking  into  consideration  the  characteristics  of  each  service,  we  conclude  that  the  most  appropriate  service  to  transport  the  data  is  the  publish  service,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring since  the  event  service  is  a  service  used  by  applications  with  latency  constraints,  and  the  monitoring  data  does  not  have  such  requirement.  zigbee  does  not  specify  services  for  data  transport,  leaving  this  to  the  application  layer.  according  to  the  zigbee  specification  ,  in  order  to  guarantee  compatibility  among  different  manufactures,  zigbee  devices  need  to  implement  application  profiles  also  called  endpoints.  an  endpoint  is  a  zigbee  application  for  a  specific  domain  with  a  set  of  clusters  or  application  messages  that  can  be  mandatory  or  not.  in  turn,  clusters  are  composed  by  attributes  that  represent  the  exchanged  data.  zigbee  sensor  nodes  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring implement  the  same  zigbee  profile  endpoint  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other.  in  the  context  of  this  architecture,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  is  an  endpoint  and  a  set  of  cluster  messages  that  can  be  sent  to  the  zigbee  coordinator  that  must  also  support  the  same  endpoint.  compared  to  the  other  standards,  isa100.11a  is  by  far  the  most  complex  and  customizable  standard  see  .  instead  of  using  the  term  services,  used  in  wirelesshart,  in  isa100.11a,  contracts  establish  the  resources  allocated  by  the  system  manager  to  devices.  before  a  device  can  send  data  to  another  device,  a  contract  needs  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  created.  contracts  are  identified  by  an  id,  unique  within  the  scope  of  the  device  but  not  necessarily  so  in  the  scope  of  the  network,  and  are  unidirectional.  the  system  manager  is  the  device  that  has  the  authority  to  assign,  modify,  and  revoke  contracts.  like  wirelesshart  services,  there  are  several  types  of  contracts  and  attributes  that  can  be  used  for  establishing  service  levels.  firstly,  contracts  may  be  of  two  types:  periodic,  that  schedule  network  resources  for  the  periodic  sending  of  data;  or,  otherwise,  nonperiodic.  secondly,  contracts  can  also  be  negotiable.  the  system  manager  may  change  or  revoke  the  contract  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring make  resources  available  to  other  high  priority  contracts.  lastly,  contracts  can  have  several  levels  of  priorities:  best  effort  queued,  used  in  clientserver  communications;  real  time  sequential,  used  in  voice  and  video  applications;  real  time  buffer,  used  for  periodic  communications;  and  network  control,  used  for  managing  network  devices  by  the  system  manager.  message  retransmission  can,  additionally,  be  enabled  or  disabled  inside  the  contract.  thus,  sensor  node  monitoring  agents  that  run  inside  an  isa100.11a  network  should  request  a  nonperiodic  contract  type,  which  can  be  negotiated  and  revoked  if  needed.  in  this  way,  the  system  manager  can  revoke  the  contract  of  the  sensor
__label__machineconditionmonitoring node  monitoring  agent,  thus  guaranteeing  that  the  main  sensor  application  can  deliver  sensor  data  without  disruption.  additionally,  the  contract  priority  used  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  should  have  the  best  effort  queued  type.  network  transport  revision.  in  the  case  of  wiapa,  networks  may  operate  in  two  distinct  modes:  a  hierarchical  network  topology  that  combines  star  and  mesh,  or  a  staronly  topology.  the  staronly  topology  is  a  special  case  of  the  hierarchical  network.  for  this  reason,  this  topology  uses  the  same  services  available  in  the  hierarchical  topology  for  data  transport.  in  wiapa,  the  virtual  communication  relationship  vcr  is  the  main
__label__machineconditionmonitoring standard  block  to  access  the  objects  specified  in  the  user  application  objects  uaos.  vcrs  distinguish  the  routing  and  communication  resources  allocated  to  each  uao.  each  vcr  has  a  vcr  identifier,  a  source  uao  id,  a  destination  uao  id,  address  of  source  device/destination  device  and  the  vcr  type.  similar  to  wirelesshart  services  and  isa100.11a  contracts,  in  wiapa,  vcrs  can  be  classified  according  to  the  application  scope:  publish/subscriber  p/s  vcrs,  used  for  publishing  periodic  data;  report  source/sink  r/s  vcrs,  used  for  transferring  aperiodic  events  and  trend  reports  alarms;  and  client/server  c/s  vcrs,  used  for  transferring  aperiodic  and  dynamic  paired  unicast  messages  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring getting  and  setting  operations  in  uao.  additionally,  vcrs  also  provide  aggregation  methods.  in  this  architecture,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  data  are  uaos  capable  of  representing  log  messages.  thus,  sensor  node  monitoring  agents,  available  in  each  field  device,  as  well  as  routing  devices,  need  to  select  the  appropriate  vcr.  p/s  vcrs  are  appropriate  for  realtime  operations,  using  exclusive  timeslots  in  intra  and  intercluster  communication.  for  this  reason,  this  type  of  vcr  should  not  be  used  for  sending  the  monitoring  data.  on  the  other  hand,  r/s  and  c/s  vcrs  use  the  cap  period  of  the  ieee802.15.4  slot  inside  clusters,  and  use
__label__machineconditionmonitoring shared  timeslots  in  intercluster  operations.  thus,  c/s  and  r/s  vcrs  are  the  most  appropriate  for  transporting  sensor  node  monitoring  data  in  wiapa  networks.  the  gateway  monitoring  agent  is  the  component  in  charge  of  representing  management  objects  data  in  a  standardised  way,  and  of  sending  network  monitoring  data  to  the  management  systems.  this  agent  also  deals  with  data  from  multiple  standards.  the  gateway  monitoring  agent  is  independent  from  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent,  thus  allowing  the  separation  of  sensor  node  data  collection  from  network  monitoring  data  coleection.  in  this  context,  gateway  monitoring  agents  must  meet  the  follow  requirements:  network  monitoring  should
__label__machineconditionmonitoring not  significantly  increase  the  cost  of  equipment  nor  the  cost  of  installation;  collecting  network  metrics  should  add  low  overhead  to  the  gateway;  monitoring  should  be  energyefficient;  the  monitoring  solution  should  be  easy  to  install  and  should  be  extensible;  and,  lastly,  gateway  monitoring  agents  should  support  widely  used  industrial  standards,  namely  the  ones  addressed  in  this  paper.  considering  the  three  types  of  techniques  identified  in  active,  passive,  and  hybrid,  active  type  techniques  are  the  only  ones  that  are  easy  to  install  and  do  not  rely  on  extra  hardware  to  perform  monitoring  tasks.  however,  these  types  of  techniques  usually  consume  sensor  node
__label__machineconditionmonitoring resources,  as  pointed  in  .  on  the  other  hand,  in  ,  the  revision  made  to  the  metrics  shared  between  nodes  showed  us  that  the  standards  under  consideration  can  support  the  sharing  of  critical  information  related  to  network  and  sensor  node  state,  which  can  be  used  for  resource  allocation  and  routing  tasks.  thus,  by  using  these  metrics,  active  tools  will  be  capable  of  fulfilling  the  identified  requirements  without  spending  significant  sensor  node  resources.  furthermore,  some  current  industrial  solutions  available  on  the  market  already  provide  these  metrics  at  the  gateway,  using  proprietary  libraries.  the  only  disadvantage  of  active  type  techniques  is  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring partial  coverage  in  zigbee  networks  because  some  metrics  cannot  be  gathered  by  the  coordinator.  this  arises  from  the  fact  that,  in  zigbee,  route  computation  is  done  in  a  distributed  fashion  for  some  topologies.  as  shown  in  ,  the  standards  under  consideration  use  different  application  approaches.  specifically,  zigbee,  isa100.11a,  and  wiapa  use  objectoriented  representation,  whereas  wirelesshart  uses  a  commandoriented  representation.  sensor  node  monitoring  data  needs  to  comply  with  the  representation  defined  in  each  standard,  which  leads  to  different  representations  for  the  same  sensor  node  data.  to  solve  this  issue,  the  monitoring  logger  is  the  component  that  parses  distinct  standard  representations  into
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  same  representation.  the  monitoring  logger  should  fulfil  the  following  requirements:  support  the  connection  to  the  different  standards  gateways;  support  the  parsing  of  the  distinct  application  protocols  using  a  subcomponent  the  log  parser;  support  the  representation  of  sensor  node  monitoring  data  in  the  languages  supported  by  the  management  protocols;  allow  access  to  the  monitoring  data  by  management  systems,  using  the  management  agent;  and,  lastly,  store  the  sensor  node  monitoring  data  in  a  datastore.  as  a  software  component,  the  monitoring  logger  can  be  installed  as  an  extra  software  module  in  industrial  gateways  or  in  another  compatible  equipment.  management  systems  are  one
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  building  blocks  of  current  ipbased  networks.  by  monitoring  the  networks  and  their  equipment,  operators  and  manufactures  can  maximize  the  network  uptime,  improving  the  delivered  quality  of  service.  when  applied  to  iwsns,  network  and  sensor  node  monitoring  can  also  provide  similar  benefits.  it  is  unthinkable  to  have  a  large  iwsn  that  uses  one  or  more  standards  without  a  central  management  system  to  perform  predictive  maintenance  of  sensor  nodes.  as  presented  in  the  previous  sections,  hardware,  firmware  and  network  monitoring  data  can  be  delivered  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  and  by  the  gateway  monitoring  agent,  respectively.  however,  a  key
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  the  puzzle  of  this  architecture  is  missing.  to  improve  interoperability  between  these  agents,  different  manufactures,  and  diagnostic  tools,  appropriate  management  protocols  and  syntax  languages  are  needed.  in  this  context,  management  agents  should  fulfill  the  following  requirements:  agents  should  allow  the  representation  of  sensor  node  and  network  data  as  managed  objects;  when  needed,  managed  objects  should  be  able  to  be  extended,  supporting  additional  monitoring  metrics;  management  agents  should  be  able  to  share  management  object  information  with  management  systems,  updating  the  model  used  in  management  systems  when  needed;  the  management  protocol  should  be  able  to  support  security  mechanisms;  management  agents  should
__label__machineconditionmonitoring run  in  iwsn  gateways,  for  which  the  minimum  hardware  requirements  should  be  set  to  ietf  class  2  e.g.,  gateways  that  can  support,  for  instance,  a  simplified  version  of  linuxbased  operating  system;  management  protocols  should  support  notification  messages  querybased  architectures  can  be  heavy  for  iwsn  gateways  and  are  not  scalable;  lastly,  the  management  agent  must  operate  in  ip  networks  iwsn  gateways  must  be  able  to  be  connected  to  an  ip  network.  when  network  management  technologies  were  previously  analyzed  in  ,  some  protocols,  syntaxes,  and  key  features  were  identified.  current  network  management  protocols  can  be  divided  into  protocols  designed  for  resourceconstrained  devices,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  protocols  for  traditional  networks.  while  traditional  network  management  protocols  are  more  mature  and  widespread,  resourceconstrained  management  protocols  use  more  advanced,  simpler,  and  modern  technologies  for  representing  management  objects  e.g.,  yang,  and  for  data  transport  e.g.,  coap,  http.  here,  we  highlight  that  protocols  designed  for  resourceconstrained  devices  can  also  be  used  in  more  powerful  devices,  like  iwsn  gateways.  however,  there  are  other  aspects  that  need  to  be  addressed  regarding  the  requirements  defined  in  this  section.  from  the  set  of  syntaxes  for  representing  management  models,  xml  and  yang  are  the  most  flexible  and  most  simple  languages.  the  learning  curve  to  describe
__label__machineconditionmonitoring management  objects  using  smiv2  is  longer  than  using  languages  like  yang  and  xml.  thus,  smiv2  is  not  recommended  in  the  scope  of  this  architecture.  consequently,  snmp  is  also  not  recommended  for  this  architecture.  moreover,  when  working  with  data  models,  one  important  requirement  is  the  sharing  of  the  model  with  management  systems.  from  the  remaining  protocols  proposed  in  the  scope  of  this  architecture,  netconf  ,  comi  ,  restconf  ,  and  lwm2m  allow  the  discovery  of  the  models  and  of  the  resources  available  in  each  management  node,  by  using  discovery  commands  or  specific  uris  that  enable  to  retrieve  the  used  models.  additionally,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring other  important  requirement  is  the  use  of  notification  messages.  by  creating  subscriptions  to  different  management  topics,  diagnostic  tools  will  be  able  to  have  the  monitoring  information  in  real  time  and  without  extra  effort,  contrary  to  what  happens  in  querybased  protocols  that  need  to  actively  look  for  the  monitoring  information.  considering  the  set  of  analysed  management  protocols,  the  only  one  that  does  not  support  notifications  is  the  netconf  protocol.  before  a  client  and  a  server  can  exchange  management  messages,  netconf  has  to  establish  a  permanent  connection  using  ssh  and  tcp.  thus,  it  is  impossible  to  notify  management  clients  in  the  case
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  a  connection  loss.  restconf,  lwm2m,  and  comi  have  support  for  notification  messages.  last  but  not  least,  one  of  the  main  characteristics  of  protocols  for  resourceconstrained  devices  is  the  capability  to  use  the  protocols  in  the  node  itself  something  they  were  developed  for.  however,  in  iwsns,  for  which  application  protocols  are  statically  specified  by  the  standard,  it  is  not  possible  to  use  other  protocols  in  sensor  nodes,  such  as  the  management  protocols  weve  been  addressing.  the  only  option  is  to  represent  managed  objects  in  the  gateway  of  each  standard.  the  authors  of  present  a  solution  to  monitor  and  manage  legacy
__label__machineconditionmonitoring systems  with  lwm2m  protocol,  by  using  several  lwm2m  clients  to  represent  each  legacy  device  behind  the  gateway.  additionally,  as  presented  in  ,  using  the  yang  language  it  is  possible  to  represent  the  network  metrics  shared  with  a  gateway  in  a  wirelesshart  network.  in  this  way,  comi  and  restconf  can  also  be  used  in  the  gateway  to  represent  legacy  devices.  in  the  previous  section,  the  monitoring  architecture  was  presented  as  well  as  its  components,  requirements,  and  available  solutions  for  each  component  in  light  of  the  existing  standards  and  protocols.  being  a  general  monitoring  architecture  that  integrates  several  network  standards,  hardware  technologies,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  firmware  architectures,  a  proofofconcept  implementation  of  such  architecture  showing  each  supporting  technology  and  monitoring  technique  is  unfeasible.  thus,  in  this  section,  a  proofofconcept  scenario  is  presented  using  a  small  testbed  with  a  wirelesshart  network.  using  some  of  the  technologies  and  solutions  already  presented  in  the  and  ,  we  set  out  to  prove  that  the  proposed  architecture  is  able  to  monitor  the  network  and  the  sensor  nodes  hardware  and  firmware  operations,  with  low  impact  on  iwsn  resources.  this  section  starts  by  presenting  the  test  scenario,  comprising  the  industrial  application,  and  the  deployed  hardware  and  firmware  components.  secondly,  the  collected  metrics
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  associated  mechanisms  are  presented.  thirdly,  data  acquisition  and  processing  of  sensor  node  metrics  are  explained.  lastly,  the  impact  on  the  network  and  sensor  node  resources  is  analysed  and  discussed.  the  proposed  monitoring  architecture  was  tested  using  a  typical  industrial  application.  the  proofofconcept  scenario  consisted  of  four  sensor  nodes  and  a  wirelesshart  gateway.  on  one  hand,  sensor  nodes  monitor  the  temperature  of  the  industrial  assets  and  send  their  readings  to  the  gateway.  on  the  other  hand,  the  gateway  controls  all  the  traffic  in  the  network,  performing  the  role  of  a  network  and  security  manager,  a.  according  to  the  proposed  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring architecture,  wirelesshart  sensor  nodes  and  the  gateway  are  capable  of  sharing  sensor  node  monitoring  data  and  network  metrics.  validation  of  the  monitoring  architecture  using  a  wirelesshart  testbed.  on  the  left  the  gateway  and  four  sensor  nodes,  on  the  right  the  sensor  node  components.  the  firmware  deployed  in  the  sensor  nodes  can  be  divided  into  two  distinct  modules:  the  industrial  application,  and  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent.  the  industrial  application  is  responsible  for  temperature  sampling  and  for  controlling  the  network  operations  by  sending  control  messages  to  the  radio,  such  as  network  joining,  network  notifications,  and  service  requests.  on  the  other  hand,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  collects  hardware  and  firmware  metrics  and  sends  them  by  using  a  specific  network  service.  as  presented  in  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  description,  ,  wirelesshart  defines  four  types  of  service  level  agreements:  block  transfer  service,  maintenance  service,  periodic  service,  and  event  service.  the  proofofconcept  application  running  at  the  microcontroller  requests  the  following  services  to  the  gateway:  a  publish  service,  for  sending  temperature  data  every  minute;  an  event  service,  for  sending  alarms  if  the  temperature  rises  above  a  certain  threshold  the  verification  is  made  every  30  s;  an  additional  publish  service  that  is  requested  and  deleted
__label__machineconditionmonitoring each  time  the  sensor  node  needs  to  send  monitoring  data  every  15  min;  and,  lastly,  a  maintenance  service,  directly  allocated  by  the  radio  that  handles  all  the  control  messages  between  the  radio  and  the  network  manager.  in  terms  of  hardware,  the  sensor  nodes  are  formed  by  three  components,  b:  radio,  microcontroller,  and  power  supply.  the  radio  handles  the  communication  tasks  with  other  network  nodes  and  with  the  microcontroller  linear  dc9003ac.  the  microcontroller  runs  the  industrial  application  and  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  texas  msp430f5  launchpad,  texas  instruments,  dallas,  tx,  usa.  lastly,  the  power  supply  is  formed  by  a  pack  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring batteries  and  a  dc/dc  converter  used  to  supply  energy  to  the  radio  and  the  microcontroller.  two  of  the  nodes  use  tps62740evm186  buck  converters  texas  instruments,  and  the  other  two  use  tps61291evm569  boost  converters  texas  instruments.  by  using  these  dc/dc  converters,  we  can  measure  the  energy  expenditure  of  each  sensor  node  almost  for  free  and  in  real  time.  the  gateway  ltp5903cenwhr,  analog  devices,  norwood,  ma,  usa  controls  all  network  operations,  manages  the  network,  performs  security  operations  and,  at  the  same  time,  connects  the  iwsn  with  the  industrial  network  through  an  ip  network.  additionally,  an  application  running  at  the  gateway  allows  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring subscription  of  specific  types  of  messages  e.g.,  application  messages,  sensor  node  monitoring  data  messages,  and  network  report  messages.  this  application  performs  the  role  of  the  gateway  monitoring  agent,  collecting  the  reports  identified  in  .  finally,  the  monitoring  logger  was  developed  as  a  python  application  that  implements  the  log  parser  subcomponent.  when  the  monitoring  logger  application  starts,  a  specific  subscription  is  made  to  the  network  manager  in  order  for  it  to  receive  the  sensor  node  monitoring  messages.  after  that,  when  the  data  arrives  at  the  subcomponent,  the  log  parser  converts  the  packets  to  json  objects  and  stores  them  in  a  datastore.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  this  proofofconcept  scenario,  we  only  intend  to  measure  the  impact  of  the  architecture  on  sensor  node  resources  memory,  processing,  energy  and  on  the  network  operation  overhead  in  relation  to  the  sensor  node  traffic.  thus,  we  did  not  implement  the  management  agents  presented  in  the  architecture  at  the  gateway  and  at  the  monitoring  logger.  such  agents  were  already  presented  and  are  freely  available,  as  described  in  ,  ,  and,  thus,  their  implementation  in  this  proofofconcept  scenario  would  not  provide  relevant  addedvalue.  however,  we  should  emphasize  that  the  wirelesshart  network  metrics  management  models  that  would  be  required  for  such  implementation  were
__label__machineconditionmonitoring already  created  by  us  and  are  available  for  download  in  .  the  architecture  proposed  in  this  paper  allows  the  collection  of  hardware,  firmware,  and  network  metrics  using  agents  deployed  in  sensor  nodes  and  network  gateways.  in  ,  some  of  the  requirements  were  presented,  as  well  as  some  monitoring  techniques  already  explored  by  other  researchers.  thus,  to  prove  that  this  architecture  has  low  impact  on  sensor  nodes  resources,  our  test  scenario  implements  some  of  these  techniques,  enabling  the  collection  of  metrics  from  the  hardware  of  the  texas  msp430f5  launchpad,  from  the  industrial  application,  and  from  the  wirelesshart  network.  collecting  hardware  metrics
__label__machineconditionmonitoring was  done  using  techniques  that  directly  access  the  registers  and  counters  of  the  texas  msp430f5  launchpad.  as  this  is  a  16bit  microcontroller,  the  implemented  techniques  were  the  ones  presented  in  ,  ,  comprising  a  processing  metric,  an  energy  metric,  and  a  time  metric.  the  processing  metric  gives  the  number  of  instructions  executed  by  the  microcontroller.  using  switching  regulators  in  combination  with  the  technique  presented  in  ,  it  was  possible  to  have  an  energy  metric  that  provides  the  energy  spent  by  sensor  nodes.  lastly,  the  time  metric  gives  a  time  measurement  in  milliseconds.  specifically,  the  metrics  were  implemented  in  the  following
__label__machineconditionmonitoring way.  firstly,  there  are  two  possible  approaches  to  implementing  the  processing  metric  in  the  texas  msp430f5  launchpad:  1  by  configuring  pin  p7.7  to  output  the  mclk  clock  and  connecting  it  to  a  hardware  counter;  or  2  by  using  the  same  clock  source  and  same  frequency  of  the  mclk  clock  in  smclk,  and  configuring  a  counter  to  count  it.  as  the  texas  msp430f5  launchpad  does  not  give  us  access  to  pin  p7.7,  the  second  approach  was  used,  and  timera  was  configured  to  be  sourced  by  the  smclk.  secondly,  the  energy  metric  was  obtained  by  connecting  the  output  of  the  inductor  used
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  switching  regulator  used  as  a  dc/dc  converter,  either  the  tps62740evm186  or  the  tps61291evm569  to  the  timera  clock  signal  input  p1.6  of  the  microcontroller.  lastly,  the  time  metric  was  obtained  using  the  timerb,  configured  to  be  sourced  by  the  aclk  being  sourced  by  aclk  allows  to  count  time  even  during  sleep  periods  such  as  low  power  mode  3  lpm3.  apart  from  hardware  metrics,  the  architecture  also  enables  firmware  monitoring  by  using  instrumentation  techniques  applied  to  the  main  application  code.  in  order  to  prove  that  it  is  possible  to  collect  some  metrics  with  low  impact  on  the  sensor  node  resources,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring manual  instrumentation  of  the  code  was  performed,  with  the  objective  of  obtaining  a  trace  of  function  calls.  specifically,  the  function  calls  trace  was  obtained  by  assigning  a  specific  id  to  each  function  in  the  code.  additionally,  the  instrumentation  code  enabled  each  executed  function  to  collect  the  function  identifier,  the  function  duration,  the  spent  energy,  and  the  processing  load  by  using  the  metrics  collected  from  the  hardware.  the  details  of  the  data  processing  and  transport  over  the  network  will  be  presented  in  the  following  subsection.  lastly,  after  collecting  the  metrics  concerning  the  sensor  node  state  hardware  and  firmware,  the  gateway  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring agent  collects  the  reports  identified  in  ,  namely  device  health  report,  neighbour  health  list  report,  neighbour  signal  levels,  and  network  alarms.  the  proofofconcept  implementation  presented  here  aims  at  demonstrating  the  applicability  of  the  proposed  architecture  to  several  software  development  scenarios.  specifically,  the  architecture  should  support  osbased  applications  as  well  as  bare  metal  applications,  as  in  the  current  case.  with  this  in  mind,  the  application  was  developed  based  on  a  functionqueuescheduling  software  architecture.  similar  to  what  happens  in  osbased  approaches,  the  functions  are  added  to  a  queue  of  function  pointers,  and  called  when  appropriate.  the  scheduler  is  responsible  for  getting  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring next  function  in  the  queue,  which  will  then  be  executed.  on  completion,  the  microcontroller  is  put  in  low  power  mode  lpm  to  save  energy.  the  main  topic  of  this  section  is,  nevertheless,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  and  its  interactions  with  the  bsp,  the  main  application,  and  the  network  .  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  is  a  library  developed  in  c/c  that  collects  the  sensor  node  state  data,  stores  it,  and  triggers  a  periodic  event  to  send  the  monitoring  data  over  the  network.  by  manually  inserting  a  simple  call  to  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  at  the  beginning  of  each
__label__machineconditionmonitoring function  to  be  monitored  see  a  1,  it  is  possible  to  record  the  state  of  the  sensor  nodes  firmware  and  hardware.  the  monitoring  information  is  then  stored  in  a  ring  buffer  a  2,  until  it  is  sent  over  the  network.  in  addition,  the  hardware  state  data  is  collected  directly  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  library  from  the  bsp  a  3.  on  the  left,  the  application  architecture  and  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  acquiring  the  state  information.  on  the  right,  the  request  of  the  wirelesshart  publish  service.  last  but  not  least,  as  illustrated  in  the  b,  when  there  is  sufficient
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  to  fill  an  ieee  802.15.4  data  packet  payload,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  requests  a  publish  service  to  send  the  data  available  in  the  ring  buffer  4.  if  the  network  has  enough  resources  to  send  the  data  at  the  requested  rate,  an  authorization  is  received  5,  and  the  sending  process  starts  67.  in  case  the  network  does  not  have  enough  resources,  the  microcontroller  will  receive  a  service  denial,  and  the  sending  of  the  log  will  be  postponed.  when  no  more  data  is  available  in  the  ring  buffer,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  requests  the  deletion  of  the  service  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring order  to  free  the  network  resources  8.  in  order  to  show  that  the  proposed  architecture  can  be  implemented  in  industrial  scenarios  with  efficiency  and  low  impact  on  resource  consumption,  some  experiments  were  conducted,  whose  results  are  described  in  this  subsection.  the  performed  tests  can  be  divided  in  two  groups:  tests  that  measure  the  impact  on  the  sensor  node  resources,  and  tests  that  measure  the  network  operation  overhead  introduced  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent.  it  should  be  noted  that,  as  presented  in  ,  the  industrial  standards  addressed  in  this  paper  already  share  network  metrics  to  perform  routing  and  other  network
__label__machineconditionmonitoring related  operations  and,  thus,  these  metrics  do  not  add  extra  overhead  to  the  network  operation.  hence,  the  only  network  overhead  is  the  one  caused  by  sensor  node  monitoring  agents.  for  the  first  group  of  tests,  the  used  hardware  and  software  were,  respectively,  the  texas  instrument  mspfet  with  energytrace  technology  support  and  the  code  composer  studio  ccs,  version  7,  texas  instruments  connected  directly  to  the  launchpad  debug  pins  and  bypassing  the  board  debugger.  each  test  was  performed  during  30  s  and  repeated  10  times.  in  the  second  group  of  tests,  the  gateway  monitoring  agent  was  used  to  collect  the  impact  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  traffic  generated  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  on  the  network,  by  collecting  device  health  reports.  in  these  tests,  we  collected  health  reports  over  a  period  of  10  h.  the  results  presented  in  show  a  the  impact  of  the  hardware  techniques  on  the  sensor  node  battery  lifetime;  b  the  overall  impact  of  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  on  the  sensor  node  lifetime;  c,d  the  impact  of  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  on  the  microcontroller  processing  and  memory,  respectively;  and  e  the  overhead  caused  by  the  transport  of  the  sensor  node  monitoring  data  over  the  network.  obtained  results.  in  order
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  measure  the  impact  of  the  hardware  monitoring  metrics  on  sensor  node  resources,  a  simplified  version  of  the  industrial  application  was  developed  with  the  objective  of  guaranteeing  the  independence  of  each  added  metric.  in  this  test,  the  energy  expenditure  was  measured  by  the  mspfet.  additionally,  the  radio  was  disconnected  in  order  to  allow  the  easy  detection  of  the  comparatively  small  increase  of  energy  expenditure  caused  by  each  hardware  metric.  as  shown  in  a,  the  energy  spent  by  the  msp430  in  lpm3  without  any  hardware  metric  enabled  is  around  4.1  a.  enabling  the  processing  metric  does  not  increase  the  energy  spent
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  the  microcontroller.  in  this  lpm,  the  mclk  and  the  smclk  are  turned  off  and,  consequently,  the  processing  metric  interrupt  will  not  occur  when  the  microcontroller  is  in  lpm.  on  the  other  hand,  the  energy  counter  increases  the  microcontroller  energy  expenditure  in  lpm  because,  even  in  this  lpm  mode,  the  system  consumes  energy  and,  as  a  result,  the  interrupt  associated  with  the  energy  counter  mechanism  will  be  executed  this  interrupt  is  tied  with  an  hardware  counter  that  is  sourced  by  an  external  clock.  in  this  mode,  when  enabled,  the  microcontroller  counter  consumes  12.1  a  0.00  a.  lastly,  the  time  counter,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sourced  by  the  aclk  consumes  around  33.2  a  0.05  a.  contrary  to  the  significant  increase  in  energy  consumption  in  lpm  associated  with  each  metric,  the  energy  spent  by  the  complete  solution  in  active  mode  with  the  radio  on  acquisition  plus  transport  of  the  monitoring  data  only  corresponds  to  a  3.5  increase  b  in  relation  to  a  nonmonitoring  situation.  using  two  aa  nimh  batteries  1.2  v,  1900  ma,  the  lifetime  of  the  sensor  node  is  658  days  6  days  without  monitoring  and  635  days  12  days  with  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  enabled.  the  latency  generated  by  adding  the  monitoring  mechanisms
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  the  sensor  nodes  firmware,  as  well  as  the  microcontrollers  memory  taken  by  the  monitoring  mechanisms  are  also  two  relevant  aspects  in  assessing  a  monitoring  solution.  the  firmware  graphs,  in  c,d,  show  the  number  of  cycles  executed  by  the  microcontroller  in  three  firmware  functions,  and  the  ram  and  rom  requirements,  respectively,  with  and  without  monitoring.  in  terms  of  processing  overhead,  the  manual  instrumentation  performed  in  the  code  of  each  function  inserts  an  average  of  758  cycles  3  cycles,  adding  93  s  of  latency  at  8  mhz  clock.  as  can  be  seen  in  c,  the  overhead  is  quite  small,  when  compared
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  the  cycles  spent  to  execute  the  functions  without  monitoring,  representing  5.1,  1.2,  and  2.2,  for  functions  1,  2,  and  3,  respectively.  this  test  was  performed  manually,  by  measuring  the  difference  of  cycles  at  the  beginning  and  at  the  end  of  the  instrumentation  functions,  using  the  code  composer  and  the  mspfet.  an  analysis  in  terms  of  memory  was  also  made,  measuring  the  increase  of  flash  memory  and  ram.  in  what  concerns  flash  memory,  the  main  application  without  monitoring  occupies  18.590  kb,  as  represented  in  d.  adding  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  and  the  instrumentation  code,  the  application  size  increases  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 34.659  kb.  this  represents  an  increase  of  12.26  of  the  total  capacity  of  the  flash  memory  in  this  microcontroller  version  131.072  kb.  lastly,  as  also  presented  in  d,  the  main  application  without  monitoring  takes  1.631  kb  of  ram.  adding  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  to  the  application  increased  ram  usage  to  2.506  kb.  when  compared  to  the  initial  utilization,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  only  consumes  an  additional  8.54  of  all  the  ram  available  in  the  microcontroller  10.240  kb.  the  network  overhead  caused  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  was  also  measured.  using  health  reports  collected  every  fifty  minutes  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  gateway  monitoring  agent,  we  were  capable  of  measuring  the  traffic  generated  by  a  leaf  node  in  normal  operation  and  with  the  monitoring  capabilities  enabled.  as  can  be  seen  in  e,  the  main  application  sends  76  packets/hour  0  packets  on  average.  most  of  this  traffic  is  generated  by  the  publish  service  that  sends  the  temperate  values  every  minute.  enabling  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  causes  a  traffic  increase  of  46,  sending  an  average  of  165  packets  per  hour  9  packets,  of  which  89  packets  are  generated  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent.  in  wirelesshart,  the  ieee802.15.4  payload  is  limited  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 94  bytes  per  packet.  thus,  each  packet  sent  by  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  is  capable  of  carrying  six  log  entries,  each  with  log  id,  function  id,  function  duration,  processing  metric,  and  energy  metric.  summing  up,  the  assessment  of  the  proposed  monitoring  architecture,  carried  out  through  this  proofofconcept  implementation,  shows  its  low  impact  and  high  efficiency  in  what  concerns  sensor  node  resources  and  network.  summarises  the  obtained  results.  by  causing  a  mere  3.5  reduction  in  sensor  nodes  battery  lifetime,  introducing  a  93  s  latency  overhead  in  each  function,  occupying  12.26  of  flash  memory,  and  using  8.54  of  ram,  the  implementation
__label__machineconditionmonitoring enabled  the  monitoring  of  hardware  and  firmware  in  sensor  nodes.  despite  the  increase  of  46  in  network  traffic  generated  by  sensor  nodes,  the  proposed  solution,  here  implemented  for  wirelesshart,  used  network  resources  in  a  smart  way.  the  monitoring  data  was  only  sent  when  the  network  had  resources  to  send  it,  requesting  the  service  and  deleting  it  each  time  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  needed  to  send  monitoring  data.  using  this  approach,  the  sensor  node  monitoring  agent  only  requested  free  network  resources,  not  used  by  the  main  industrial  application.  evaluation  results  overview.  when  compared  with  the  max  capacity  available.  the  solution
__label__machineconditionmonitoring presented  in  this  paper  proposes  a  multidomain  architecture  that  is  able  to  monitor  the  condition  of  iwsns  from  different  perspectives.  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge,  the  proposed  architecture  is  the  first  of  its  kind.  the  related  work  reviewed  in  this  section  also  addresses  the  multidomain  nature  of  the  architecture,  by  analysing  the  contributions  in  several  domains.  in  ,  part  of  this  multidomain  analysis  was  already  made,  in  a  detailed  way,  when  different  techniques  to  monitor  the  network,  firmware  and  hardware  were  presented.  on  the  other  hand,  this  related  work  section  will  provide  a  broader  overview,  by  analysing  solutions  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  industry  4.0  perspective.  current  related  work  in  the  industry  4.0  topic  is  extensive.  in  general,  most  of  the  existing  monitoring  architectures  target  the  prevention  of  security  attacks  in  ics  systems,  although  without  taking  into  consideration  the  iwsn  technologies  analysed  in  this  paper  .  some  of  these  solutions  have  been  proposed  because  of  the  paradigm  shift  that  occurs  nowadays  in  the  ics  core,  with  the  introduction  of  ip  networks.  additionally,  more  recent  technologies  such  as  software  define  networks  sdn  and  cloudbased  platforms  are  being  considered  in  such  architectures,  due  to  the  rich  network  metrics  and  flow  control  mechanisms  that  these
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technologies  make  available.  however,  this  type  of  control  and  monitoring  is  specific  for  wired  ip  networks,  that  can  work  in  a  decentralised  manner,  and  with  different  application  requirements  in  mind  e.g.,  troughput.  however,  as  presented  before,  applications  in  industrial  proccess  automation  need  deterministic  latency,  instead  of  pure  throughput.  this  is,  by  way  of  example,  the  kind  of  requirement  being  considered  by  the  timesensitive  task  group  tsn.  the  group  analyses  the  possibility  of  deterministic  services  in  ieee  802  based  networks.  as  consequence,  technologies  like  sdn  cannot  be  applied  to  iwsn  standards  like  wirelesshart,  isa100.11a,  wiapa  and  zigbee,  at  least  inside  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring wireless  network  domain,  at  this  stage,  due  to  their  centralized  and  deterministic  nature.  solutions  like  can  only  be  used  at  gateway  level,  by  virtualizing  some  of  the  nondeterministic  features  and  roles  in  another  device  e.g.,  the  security  manager  in  wirelesshart.  thus,  in  this  section,  only  solutions  proposed  for  the  industrial  standards  addressed  will  be  considered.  from  the  first  perspective,  the  authors  of  ,  propose  techniques  that  improve  the  reliability  of  the  network  at  routing  schedulelevel:  by  using  a  finitestate  markov  model  ,  and  by  specifying  scheduling  emergency  and  recovery  mechanisms  when  a  pathdown  alarm  occurs  .  on  the  other  hand,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  work  presented  in  ,  ,  proposes  several  techniques  and  platforms  that  can  be  used  to  monitor  some  iwsn.  in  ,  the  authors  develop  a  passive  monitoring  tool  for  evaluation  of  the  deployed  wirelesshart  networks  using  passive  sniffers  deployed  in  the  network  area.  additionally,  in  ,  the  authors  propose  an  hybrid  monitoring  technique  to  monitor  wireless  and  wired  industrial  technologies  in  the  scope  of  the  project  hiflecs.  lastly,  in  ,  the  authors  present  a  debugging  tool  that  is  able  to  collect  in  the  sensorlab2  environment  routing  topology  information  and  endtoend  performance,  by  debugging  the  information  using  uart  ports  and  then
__label__machineconditionmonitoring converting  it  to  tcp/ip  messages.  finally,  some  authors  also  show  some  concerns  in  the  lack  of  integration  solutions  between  the  industrial  standards  ,  ,  .  in  the  authors  presented  how  the  mqtt  protocol  can  be  used  together  with  isa  s5.1  and  isa95/88  standards  to  represent  the  monitoring  and  control  in  topics  using  the  uri  scheme.  lastly,  in  the  authors  presents  how  the  wirelesshart  standard  and  the  isa100.11a  standard  can  be  integrated  using  the  modbus  protocol  and  a  proprietary  software  called  wonderware  intouch.  when  comparing  the  reliability  solutions  already  proposed  by  other  researchers  with  the  architecture  proposed  in  this  paper,  some
__label__machineconditionmonitoring differences  appear.  most  of  the  work  performed  in  this  field  is  not  taking  into  consideration  the  main  components  that  may  produce  faults  in  an  iwsn  firmware,  hardware  and  network.  additionally,  most  part  of  the  work  focus  in  a  specific  problem  like  ,  ,  and  do  not  address  the  needs  of  monitoring  several  process  automation  networks  at  the  same  point.  additionally,  some  of  the  works  that  present  solutions  to  monitor  these  standards  ,  ,  keep  proposing  passive  monitoring  tools  that  need  extra  networks  to  be  installed,  adding  extra  costs  to  a  technology  designed  to  be  lowcost.  lastly,  most  of  the  work
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ,  ,  in  the  field  of  integration  focus  their  effort  in  the  representation  of  the  sensor  data,  and  any  of  them  try  to  explore  the  use  of  management  protocols  like  lwm2m  and  comi  protocols  specific  for  constrained  devices  to  represent  and  make  available  the  monitoring  data.  the  need  for  more  dynamic  and  capable  solutions  in  the  industry  4.0  field  has  contributed  to  an  increase  in  the  use  of  iwsn  technologies  in  industrial  applications  over  the  last  few  years.  as  is  widely  recognised,  wsn  technologies  have  a  considerable  number  of  advantages  over  traditional  solutions,  although  they  are  not  free  from  drawbacks,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring namely  in  what  concerns  reliability,  due  to  their  resourceconstrained  nature.  nevertheless,  hardware  and  firmware  of  sensor  nodes  are  becoming  more  mature  and  capable.  on  one  hand,  the  hardware  is  becoming  more  efficient  and,  at  the  same  time,  hardware  manufactures  are  introducing  new  features  in  their  architectures  that  allow  the  collection  of  state  metrics.  on  the  other  hand,  the  adoption  of  operating  systems  in  wsns  is  also  growing,  enabling  the  development  of  firmware  architectures  and  tools  capable  of  collecting  firmware  state  metrics.  in  a  broader  context,  at  the  same  time,  ics  networks  are  shifting  from  networks  disconnected  from  public  infrastructures  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring systems  connected  to  the  internet.  this  transformation  is  also  exposing  these  systems  to  a  new  set  of  security  threats,  and  new  types  of  ids  systems  are  needed.  to  keep  up  with  all  of  these  changes  and,  at  the  same  time,  improve  iwsn  reliability,  new  network  monitoring  architectures  are  needed,  more  specifically,  architectures  that  are  not  only  capable  of  monitoring  iwsns  from  a  network  perspective,  but  also  from  the  hardware  and  firmware  perspective.  such  a  multidomain  iwsn  monitoring  architecture  was  proposed  in  this  paper,  considering  the  main  process  automation  iwsn  standards.  in  order  to  back  up  the  proposal,  a  comprehensive  revision
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  state  of  the  art  was  needed,  in  order  to  introduce  the  different  concepts  in  each  domain.  this  was  done  in  and  ,  by  surveying  wsn  diagnostic  tools  and  the  relevant  industrial  technologies,  and  by  presenting  several  network,  hardware  and  firmware  metrics  as  well  as  the  techniques  used  to  collect  and  transport  them  over  wireless  networks.  additionally,  being  a  multinetwork  monitoring  architecture,  several  management  models  were  also  presented.  lastly,  the  architecture  was  presented  in  ,  and  validated  in  a  real  testbed  scenario,  in  .  in  ,  when  the  architectural  components  were  described,  some  possible  solutions  were  presented  in  order
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  provide  some  guidelines  for  implementation.  nevertheless,  as  shown  by  our  proofofconcept  implementation,  the  architecture  can  be  used  to  perform  the  monitoring  of  a  variety  of  sensor  and  networkwide  parameters,  in  a  way  that  does  not  increase  the  cost  of  node  manufacturing,  does  not  have  a  significant  impact  on  sensor  node  resources,  and  does  not  steal  network  bandwidth  from  the  main  application.  by  proposing  such  architecture  and  by  analysing  relevant  techniques  and  technologies,  more  questions  and  future  research  directions  arrose.  thus,  as  future  work,  we  plan  to  further  explore  the  proposed  monitoring  architecture  by  extending  and  refining  the  existing  implementation.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  the  firmware  domain,  we  aim  at  extending  the  architecture  in  order  to  provide  support  to  more  advanced  instrumentation  techniques,  such  as  those  proposed  in  ,  ,  .  on  the  other  hand,  in  what  concerns  hardware  monitoring,  we  would  like  to  extend  the  compatibility  to  the  arm  architecture,  by  supporting  some  of  the  metrics  available  in  the  coresight  technology.  from  the  network  perspective,  we  would  like  explore  new  ways  of  reducing  the  overhead  created  over  the  network.  lastly,  we  plan  to  extend  the  implementation  to  other  technologies  e.g.,  zigbee,  wiapa  and  isa100.11a.  finally,  by  using  the  proposed  architecture,  we  also
__label__machineconditionmonitoring plan  to  explore  the  architectures  data  collection  potential  for  building  a  diagnostic  tool,  and  to  share  the  acquired  datasets  with  the  community.  references  we  would  like  to  show  our  gratitude  to  thomas  watteyne  and  jonathan  simon,  for  the  support  given  through  the  dustcloud  forum  in  the  development  of  this  proofofconcept  scenario.  all  authors  contributed  to  the  conceptualisation  and  discussed  the  paper;  d.r.  wrote  the  original  draft,  developed  and  performed  the  architecture  tests;  a.r.  contributed  to  the  literature,  participated  in  the  implementation  and  tests,  and  provided  supervision;  s.s.  contributed  to  the  management  technologies  section;  j.s.s.  and  f.b.  provided  supervision.  the  work
__label__machineconditionmonitoring presented  in  this  paper  was  partially  carried  out  in  the  scope  of  the  socialite  project  ptdc/eeiscr/2072/2014  and  the  mobiwise  project  p2020  saictpac/0011/2015,  both  cofinanced  by  compete  2020,  portugal  2020operational  program  for  competitiveness  and  internationalization  poci,  european  unions  erdf  european  regional  development  fund  and  the  portuguese  foundation  for  science  and  technology  fct.  partial  support  was  also  given  by  escuela  politcnica  nacional  de  ecuador,  and  senescytsecretara  nacional  de  educacin  superior,  ciencia,  tecnologa  e  innovacon  de  ecuador.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring smart  factory  applications  and  smart  warehousing  predictive  and  remote  maintenance  freight,  goods  and  transportation  monitoring  connected  logistics  smart  metering  and  smart  grid  smart  environment  solutions  manufacturing  equipment  monitoring  asset  tracking  and  smart  logistics  ozone,  gas  and  temperature  monitoring  in  industrial  environments  safety  and  health  conditions  monitoring  of  workers  asset  performance  management  remote  service,  field  service,  remote  maintenance  and  control  use  cases  with  custom  solutions  for  critical  applications  through  simple  connected  diagnostic  devices.  what  value  iot  brings  to  different  parts  of  your  organization  and  what  aspects  of  it  are  most  important  to  each  department  when  looking  for  an  iot  solution.  predictive
__label__machineconditionmonitoring slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  session:  101  use  cases  for  iot:  a  picture  is  worth  a  1000  words  be  the  first  to  comment  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped  this  slide  to  already.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  is  hard  to  overestimate  the  place  of  iot  in  healthcare  these  days.  smart  devices,  wearables  and  the  overall  level  of  connectivity  and  innovations  in  modern  medical  equipment  have  changed  the  industry  forever.  and  definitely  for  the  best.  in  this  piece,  youll  find  a  comprehensive  answer  to  the  majority  of  questions  you  can  have  about  the  state  of  iot  in  healthcare  in  2019.  enjoy  existek  is  a  custom  software  development  company  helping  our  customers  to  solve  their  business  challenges  with  best  in  its  class  software.  contact  us  to  get  an  instant  and  free  expert  consultation  about  your  project.  to  say
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  modern  medicine  is  striving  would  be  a  moderate  expression.  the  progress  accelerates  every  day  without  any  remorse,  transforming  all  known  medical  practices.  global  healthcare  evolves  based  on  the  latest  achievements  of  the  planets  greatest  minds  and  amazing  prospects  of  autonomous,  selflearning  tech  solutions.  along  with  such  rapid  development,  however,  comes  a  strict  necessity  to  keep  up  with  the  pace.  the  good  thing  is  that  all  medical  fields  are  either  looking  to  or  already  go  hand  in  hand  with  advanced  technologies  from  diagnostics  to  therapeutics,  from  pediatrics  to  complex  surgery.  technologies  are  numerous  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  you  name  it.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  what  particular  tech  concept  or  combination  of  concepts  can  provide  sufficient  monitoring  and  managing  powers  such  an  evergrowing,  global  niche  requires?  the  answer  may  be  found  in  the  .  despite  the  concepts  relatively  young  age,  its  already  become  closely  entangled  with  healthcare.  so  much  that  its  commonly  coined  as  the  internet  of  medical  things.  extensive  centralization  and  interconnection  capacities  the  iot  tech  provides  are  difficult  to  overestimate.  it  brings  health  monitoring,  remote  treatment,  hospital  physical  and  digital  infrastructure  organization  to  a  whole  new  level.  but  lets  ponder  on  iot  powers  in  healthcare  in  a  bit  more  detail.  the  internet
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  things  allows  setting  up  a  centralized  network  of  interconnected  devices  that  can  generate  and  exchange  data  within  a  single  framework.  all  that  data  can  also  be  tracked  and  gathered  in  real  time,  which  provides  a  passive  accumulation  of  analytics  materials.  in  terms  of  enhancement  for  medical  facilities,  this  means  that  a  regular  hospital  can  be  turned  into  a  smart  hospital.  it  is  an  advanced  facility  where  everything  is  tracked  and  managed  simultaneously  while  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  centralized  database.  such  tech  features  open  a  myriad  of  possibilities  to  improve  the  convenience,  efficiency,  and  even  budgetsaving  options
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  modern  hospitals.  the  advantages  of  iot  applications  in  healthcare  dont  end  there.  the  technology  has  a  very  diverse  field  of  application  in  medicine.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  major  implementations.  in  2018,  nhs  england  an  executive  nondepartmental  public  body  of  the  department  of  health  and  social  care  that  its  willing  to  support  a  remote  diabetes  treatment  solution.  the  statement  was  made  on  world  diabetes  day  2018.  the  solution  is  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm.  a  device  that  is  the  size  of  a  penny  which  monitors  blood  glucose  level  nonstop  after  its  inserted  in  a  patients  arm.  the  monitoring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  can  be  easily  accessed  via  your  android  or  ios  device.  massmarket  instances  of  such  products  are  and  .  such  smart  health  monitoring  devices  bring  huge  value  to  the  research  and  treatment  of  diabetics.  eversense  continuous  glucose  monitoring  sensor  that  can  be  implanted  in  the  patients  arm  and  lasts  up  to  90  days.  and  in  many  other  cases,  remote  capabilities  also  called  telehealth  may  make  the  need  to  visit  your  local  hospital  practically  obsolete.  an  excellent  resolution  for  patients  suffering  from  mobility  issues.  going  deeper  into  the  remote  subject,  the  iot  network  can  connect  and  track  practically  any  sensor  inserted
__label__machineconditionmonitoring into  a  human  body  for  medical  purposes.  this  will  help  prevent  cardiac  arrests  from  infobionic,  all  sorts  of  seizures,  and  provide  medical  help  for  critical  patients  just  in  time.  infobionics  wearable  cardinal  tracker  streams  ecg  and  motion  data  to  the  doctor  in  real  time.  the  world  health  organization  in  2003  to  find  out  that  about  50  of  prescribed  medicines  arent  taken  the  right  way  or  completely  ignored.  a  prominent  example  of  resolving  this  issue  is  the  ingestible  sensors  solution  developed  by  proteus.  these  tiny  sensors  take  place  of  a  prescription  and  send  a  signal  a  receiving  device  upon  dissolution  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  stomach.  an  amazing  advanced  creation,  smart  pills  will  surely  help  reduce  the  rates  of  incorrect,  senseless  consumption  of  highly  important  medical  prescriptions.  now,  this  is  what  one  can  call  a  truly  advanced  drug  management.  while  being  an  advanced  piece  of  medical  technology,  porteus  smart  pills  have  the  same  tiny  size  as  the  actual  pills.  there  are  also  smart  pills  that  feature  tiny  cameras,  which  allow  conveniently  visualizing  the  inside  environment  of  ones  organism.  from  medtronic  is  one  example.  also  called  ,  its  the  way  of  watching  and  taking  care  of  ones  health  via  mobile  can  be  a  true  lifesaver
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  modern  patients,  practically  all  of  whom  use  smartphones  regularly.  mobile  health  is  an  emerging  field  that  contributes  heavily  to  both  critical  medical  situations  and  regular  treatment  instances.  as  weve  already  mentioned  in  the  remote  patient  monitoring  section,  mobile  apps  can  serve  as  the  management  means  for  health  tracking  devices.  this  is  only  a  small  portion  of  startups  who  are  trying  to  gain  market  share  with  their  mobile  app.  source:  such  apps  can  be  used  as  your  fullblown  healthcare  hub  where  you  can  access  valuable  medical  info,  analyze  your  organism  behavior  trends,  manage  other  bodyinserted  iot  sensors,  and  contact  your
__label__machineconditionmonitoring doctor  with  a  single  tap.  this  is  an  especially  valuable  solution  for  underdeveloped  countries  of  the  world  where  people  cant  afford  regular  visits  to  hospitals  yet,  most  probably,  have  smartphones.  and  governments,  in  turn,  get  a  capability  to  see  how  the  population  is  doing  in  terms  of  health,  accumulating  massive  statistics.  there  are  many  apps  already  available  on  the  market,  ranging  in  functionality  and  purpose:  the  list  may  go  on.  you  can  check  it  all  out  yourself  on  your  oscompatible  mobile  application  market.  the  dissatisfaction  with  flawed,  difficult  to  manage  hospital  infrastructures  is  a  common  issue  of  a  vast  majority
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  planets  countries  even  the  developed  ones.  colossal  loads  of  paperwork,  long  and  frustrating  lines,  and  working  overload  most  nurses  and  doctors  experience  this  is  where  the  problem  stems.  practically  all  such  situations  can  be  turned  around  with  the  integration  of  iot  solutions.  huge,  cumbersome  paper  registers  can  be  replaced  with  an  automated,  centralized  database,  which  can  be  additionally  enhanced  in  terms  of  reliability  with  blockchain  and  smart  contracts;  a  single  management  system  can  receive  submissions,  help  optimally  control  queues,  and  track  staff  members  via  their  smartphones;  all  the  equipment  can  also  be  remotely  monitored  and  managed  e.g.,  shut
__label__machineconditionmonitoring down  in  unprecedented  cases.  such  innovations  can  help  greatly  reduce  inhouse  costs  for  hospitals,  preserve  forests,  and  make  both  patients  and  medical  staffs  lives  easier.  the  overall  productivity  will  also  increase  due  to  the  automated  smart  solutions  capability  to  immediately  recognize  health  issues  which  would  otherwise  take  months  of  live  doctor  diagnostics.  with  iotpowered  wearables,  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  mobile  opportunities,  battling  chronic  diseases  becomes  more  efficient  and  accessible.  the  thing  is,  recurring  health  issues  must  be  monitored  and  analyzed  over  long  periods  of  time.  that  way,  trends  in  the  disease  fluctuations  can  be  defined  and  juxtaposed  in  order  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  most  efficiently  treated.  all  that  tech  allows  doing  just  that,  with  many  additional  capabilities  provided  by  the  integration  of  blockchain  and  ai  on  top  of  that.  this  is  very  important  when  it  comes  to  health  issues  as  difficult  to  understand  and  underexplored  as  the  chronic  ones.  as  much  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  seems  to  be  revolutionary  and  highlyefficient,  there  are  still  some  major  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare  this  tech  concept  must  overcome  down  the  road.  with  large,  gamechanging  integrations  such  as  this  one,  there  comes  along  a  myriad  of  technical  difficulties  and  adaptation  issues.  the  main
__label__machineconditionmonitoring include:  considering  the  abovementioned  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare,  there  are,  indeed,  downsides  as  well  as  benefits  when  it  comes  to  the  medical  iot.  the  allconsuming  connection  of  health  devices  and  data  centralization  brings  many  significant  benefits  to  the  table,  such  as:  alternatively,  some  downsides  that  come  along  with  the  massive  implementation  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include:  in  2019,  there  can  be  defined  several  iomt  trends  implemented  by  majorities  of  startups  worldwide.  fullblown  smart  hospitals  by  2020,  mhealth  as  a  regular,  common  thing  on  a  global  scale,  and  reduced  physical  visits  to  hospitals  this  is  only  an  approximate  picture
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  iomt  success.  with  that  being  said,  as  young  as  the  concept  is,  it  isnt  really  regarded  to  be  that  novel  by  progressive  hospitals  of  the  now.  most  of  them  are  either  implementing  major  iot  techniques  and  capabilities  or  already  have  enhanced  parts  that  are  in  their  calibration  stage.  it  is  estimated  that  the  install  base  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  be  more  than  161  million  units  by  the  end  of  2020.  source:  business  insider  according  to  some  ,  almost  90  of  healthcare  establishments  and  organization  worldwide  will  be  employing  the  iot  as  a  regular  inhouse  tool  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  end  of  2019.  so,  the  now  of  the  healthcare  iot  is  pretty  vivid,  with  its  future  looking  even  brighter.  let  us  emphasize  once  more  that  the  iot  can  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  in  the  field  as  important  on  the  global  scale  as  healthcare.  there  are  still  many  difficulties,  peculiarities,  and  technological  obstacles  to  overcome.  and  even  though  there  are,  currently,  downsides  as  well  as  advantages  to  the  concept,  things  seem  to  go  very  well  for  this  technological  innovation.  we  are  pretty  confident  that  if  you  ask  most  medical  professionals  about  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  they  will
__label__machineconditionmonitoring say  that  full  iomt  integration  and  adaptation  is  the  only  logical  way  of  development  for  advanced  medicine  of  the  future.  with  that  being  said,  enjoy  the  lifesaving,  healthimproving  fruits  of  the  massive  technological  progress.  read  the  full  article  about  .  if  youre  looking  for  the  experienced  embedded  to  help  you  with  an  iot  project  feel  free  to  contact  via  a  or  chat  widget.  our  team  has  completed  numerous  embedded  systems  projects  and  is  working  in  this  field  for  more  than  8  years.  we  will  be  glad  to  assist  and  provide  you  with  a  consultation.  written  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring examples  of  using  internet  of  things  iot  in  healthcare  in  an  increasingly  connected,  fastdeveloping  world,  more  and  more  industries  are  taking  advantage  of  iot  solutions.  thats  hardly  surprising  since  such  devices  have  massive  potential,  especially  when  it  comes  to  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare.  in  fact,  many  hospitals  and  healthcare  facilities  are  already  benefiting  from  iot  applications  to  improve  operational  efficiency  and  patient  experience.  and  heres  how.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  basically  a  system  of  connected  devices  and  objects  be  it  machines,  people,  or  even  animals  with  unique  identifiers  and,  more  importantly,  the  ability  to  transfer  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring within  the  network  without  human  interference.  but  how  can  this  be  used  in  the  healthcare  industry,  then?  theres  even  a  specific  term  for  that:  the  internet  of  medical  things  iomt.  the  internet  of  medical  things  was  developed  to  allow  medical  devices  and  applications  to  collect  data  and  communicate  with  one  another  and  with  it  systems.  therefore,  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare  mainly  revolves  around  medical  equipment  integration  and  innovative  healthcare  solutions.  for  example,  thanks  to  advanced  iot  devices,  hospitals  are  able  to  control  humidity  and  temperature  within  operating  areas  or  patient  rooms,  as  well  as  keep  an  eye  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring their  critical  machinery.  such  applications  can  not  only  help  to  keep  patients  healthy  and  safe,  but  also  improve  the  way  physicians  are  performing  their  tasks  in  general.  actually,  there  are  many  different  applications  of  iot  in  healthcare  especially  since  the  emergence  of  connected  care  and  increasing  investments  to  implement  iot  healthcare  solutions  are  constantly  boosting  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  within  the  healthcare  industry.  in  fact,  by  the  year  2020,  .  iot  can  easily  be  the  ultimate  solution  for  smarter  healthcare,  making  hospitals  more  effective  in  what  they  do  and  more  pleasant  to  stay  in.  for  patients,  however,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare  can  even  be  greater  than  that.  the  main  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare  include:  essentially,  iot  is  transforming  ordinary  medical  devices  into  powerful  tools  that  can  enable  physicians  to  collect  data  in  realtime,  provide  valuable  insights,  and  even  deliver  care  remotely.  theres  no  doubt  that  there  are  many  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare,  but  is  it  actually  common  to  take  advantage  of  such  advanced  solutions?  fortunately,  there  are  already  some  great  iot  healthcare  examples  to  follow.  in  some  cases,  there  are  strict  rules  concerning  the  way  medicine  should  be  stored  and  transported  to  stay
__label__machineconditionmonitoring effective.  mostly  because  they  are  prone  to  excessive  heat  or  cold  which  can  affect  their  properties.  in  order  to  prevent  that  and  constantly  monitor  the  temperature  of  the  meds,  a  wireless  thermometer  connected  to  a  mobile  app  was  developed.  aims  to  help  people  who  are  using  temperaturesensitive  medications  such  as  insulin,  biologics  or  hormones,  to  keep  their  medications  safe.  the  sensor  detects  the  changes  in  the  temperature  and  notifies  the  mobile  app  users  if  they  need  to  take  action  and  place  their  drugs  elsewhere.  probably  the  most  common  example  of  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare,  though,  is  remote  health
__label__machineconditionmonitoring monitoring  sometimes  referred  to  as  telehealth.  in  some  cases,  it  can  even  keep  patients  out  of  the  hospital,  sparing  them  the  inconvenience  and  costs  of  frequent  visitations.  not  to  mention  that  closely  monitoring  health  makes  it  possible  to  address  chronic  diseases  and  achieve  better  outcomes  when  it  comes  to  medical  treatment.  seems  to  be  well  aware  of  that  its  a  health  monitoring  system  using  iot  advanced  sensor  technologies,  to  be  exact  and  aipowered  mobile  health  solutions  to  assist  healthcare  professionals  and  monitor  the  health  of  their  patients.  ,  and  its  efforts  to  digitize  physical  therapy  is  an  interesting  example  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  in  healthcare.  to  make  physical  therapy  more  accessible  and  more  affordable  in  the  long  run,  it  basically  serves  as  a  digital  therapist  and  delivers  tailored  routines  to  people  in  their  own  homes  while  tracking  their  progress  with  a  range  of  wearable  motion  sensors.  thus,  patients  can  recover  more  easily  with  professional  help  without  going  anywhere.  the  last,  but  definitely  not  the  least,  use  of  iot  in  healthcare  that  gains  popularity  has  to  do  with  having  control  over  the  inventory,  patients,  and  staff.  being  able  to  do  so  is  important,  especially  in  times  of  crisis.  but,  the  bigger  the  facility,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  harder  it  gets  to  track  assets.  because  of  that,  many  hospitals  are  choosing  to  implement  iot  devices  for  healthcare  in  order  to  be  able  to  do  it  effectively  in  realtime.  luckily,  the  rapid  development  of  mobile  devices  that  brought  about  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  and  near  field  communication  nfc  among  others,  made  it  easier  than  ever.  according  to  the  iot  healthcare  market  research,  there  is  a  rising  demand  for  improved  patient  care  that  can  be  met  through  realtime  and  remote  monitoring  of  their  health.  this,  in  turn,  is  possible  thanks  to  proper  iot  applications  in  healthcare.  however,  even  though
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  definitely  a  game  changer  for  the  industry,  smart  healthcare  iot  comes  with  a  price.  connecting  numerous  medical  devices  generates  a  massive  amount  of  data  that  can  be  challenging  to  manage  and  kept  secure  for  a  healthcare  facility.  in  order  to  make  it  work,  hospitals  should  first  digitize  their  records,  ,  choose  the  right  manufacturers  of  iot  devices  for  healthcare,  and  possibly  hiring  additional  it  staff.  only  then  implementing  iot  healthcare  projects  can  truly  go  well.  p.s.  iot  is  commonly  used  in  other  industries  too.  see  .  marketing  coordinator  we  understand  that  creating  a  product  is  a  challenging  and  risky
__label__machineconditionmonitoring published  august  17,  2018  the  business  of  extracting  and  transporting  oil  and  gas  is  filled  with  challenges.  to  stay  competitive,  companies  in  this  industry  must  continually  strive  to  produce  crude  oil  and  refined  products  at  a  lower  cost.  they  are  also  constantly  looking  to  enhance  and  extend  the  value  of  their  existing  assets  while  also  searching  for  new  oil  and  gas  reserves.  and  environmental  standards  are  becoming  increasingly  stringent,  requiring  transparency  in  operations  and  tighter  controls  on  production  and  distribution.  to  overcome  these  challenges,  oil  and  gas  companies  worldwide  are  thinking  creatively  once  again.  keep  in  mind  that  challenges  like
__label__machineconditionmonitoring these  arent  necessarily  new  to  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  for  the  past  few  decades,  theres  been  a  huge  incentive  to  improve  efficiencies  and  reduce  downtime,  which  has  led  to  the  implementation  of  things  like  predictive  analytics  and  machine  learning.  some  would  classify  these  as  being  part  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  but  my  definition  of  iot  is  a  narrower  one,  referring  specifically  to  connected  sensors  and  controllers  and  everything  upstream  of  thatthings  that  create  data  or  can  take  action  based  on  command.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  now,  analytics  data  is  becoming  easier  to  acquire
__label__machineconditionmonitoring thanks  to  the  iot.  connectivity  technology  is  improving,  sensors  are  cheaper,  low  power  technology  is  available,  and  batteries  can  last  longer.  all  those  developments  mean  oil  and  gas  companies  can  use  more  sensors  in  more  places  to  monitor  machinery  and  environmental  conditionsespecially  at  that  last  mile,  where  affordable  connectivity  was  previously  not  an  option.  within  this  article,  well  first  explore  how  the  traditional  methods  oil  and  gas  companies  use  for  monitoring  are  changing.  well  then  look  at  several  use  cases  where  can  offer  a  unique  hybrid  solution  for  m2m  applications  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  oil  and  gas  companies
__label__machineconditionmonitoring typically  have  numerous  remote  assets  that  require  monitoring.  traditionally,  theyve  utilized  the  following  monitoring  methods:  each  of  these  solutions  has  benefits  and  considerations  to  take  into  account.  the  main  considerations  are:  as  the  market  has  grown  and  expanded  over  the  past  several  years,  some  oil  and  gas  companies  are  looking  to  take  what  used  to  be  wired  and  make  it  wireless,  so  they  can  further  consolidate  their  connections.  solutions  allow  these  companies  to  do  things  in  a  more  ad  hoc  way.  for  instance,  theyre  able  to  add  100  sensors  in  a  single  well,  and  then  add  another  1,000  sensors  when
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  deem  necessary.  this  is  far  easier  with  wireless  technologies  than  it  is  for  plc  and  other  wired  systems.  note:  because  the  process  of  monitoring  wells  is  highly  complex  with  a  lot  of  moving  parts  and  a  lot  of  value,  it  may  not  always  make  sense  to  use  wireless  technologyeven  if  its  available.  this  can  only  be  determined  on  a  casebycase  basis.  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  still  evolving  when  it  comes  to  realizing  the  full  value  of  the  iot;  it  hasnt  yet  revolutionized  oil  and  gas  like  it  has  other  industries.  however,  the  iot  is  making  it  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring lot  easier  for  companies  to  collect  vital  information,  which  has  led  to  more  informed  business  decisions.  connected  wireless  technology  is  helping  the  oil  and  gas  industries:  wireless  iot  allows  companies  to  monitor  more  things  using  sensorlevel  technology,  take  fewer  readings  by  hand,  and  gather  more  data  and  information  in  order  to  better  optimize  business  processes.  i  cant  speak  to  whats  going  on  behind  the  scenes  with  big  data,  but  i  can  speak  to  the  fact  that  sensordriven  iot  can  make  the  process  of  gathering  this  data  substantially  easier.  for  instance,  its  important  for  even  a  small  oil  company  to  have
__label__machineconditionmonitoring solid  well  optimization  to  increase  its  profitability.  if  the  company  is  drilling  a  new  well,  it  has  to  inject  chemicals  into  the  well  to  keep  rocks  from  building  up,  which  provides  viscosity  to  pull  the  rocks  up  as  the  company  is  drilling.  once  the  well  is  online  and  producing,  the  company  has  to  do  a  balance  of  pressure,  make  sure  the  temperatures  are  correct,  ensure  it  is  extracting  the  right  quantities  of  oil,  and  so  on.  when  there  are  more  data  points  about  the  microscopic  conditions  in  a  well  ranging  from  temperatures,  pressures,  rates,  chemical  compositions,  viscosity,  etc.,  the  company
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  able  to  collect  the  necessary  data,  run  postproduction  analysis,  optimize  current  and  future  drilling  processes,  and  hopefully  increase  its  market  share  and  profitability.  this  is  reminiscent  of  and  their  progression  toward  wireless.  like  oil  and  gas,  industrial  automation  has  been  around  for  a  very  long  time.  these  companies  began  using  original  wired  iot  technologies  to  drive  costs  down  and  connect  parts  of  their  controlled  networks.  but  as  wireless  sensor  automation  became  more  prevalent  in  the  marketand  thus,  more  accessiblethese  companies  could  use  wireless  sensors  to  connect  more  easily,  capture  more  data,  analyze  that  information,  and  improve  their  processes.  lets
__label__machineconditionmonitoring take  a  look  at  some  of  the  ways  oil  and  gas  companies  are  using  the  iot  to  gather  that  actionable  data,  thereby  improving  operations.  the  iot  use  cases  that  are  currently  generating  the  most  value  for  the  oil  and  gas  industry  center  around  lowering  nonproductive  time  npt.  nptwhich  can  be  caused  by  anything  from  inclement  weather  to  equipment  failureshas  a  major  impact  on  revenue,  accounting  for  about  of  total  drilling  costs.  the  iot  is  helping  companies  combat  npt  by  allowing  them  to  perform  better  predictive  maintenance,  more  accurately  predict  failures,  and  detect  leaks  quicklyessentially,  to  find  problems  before  they  start.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  building  an  iot  oil  and  gas  network  for  an  area  that  is  sparsely  populated  or  isolated  can  be  quite  challenging.  theres  often  not  the  necessary  consistency  in  node  placement  for  a  ,  cellular  coverage  is  often  unavailable,  and  satellite  and  wired  connections  are  very  costly.  in  many  cases,  low  power  wide  area  lpwan  networks  offer  a  good  alternative  for  m2m  communication  in  oil  and  gas.  most  offshore  oil  and  gas  production  is  done  in  fairly  extreme  environments  where  there  are  few  existing  communication  networks  available,  which  makes  monitoring  temperatures,  pressures,  flow  rates,  and  other  characteristics  tricky  and  expensive.  often,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cellular  networks  arent  an  option.  and  while  you  could  use  a  wifi  network  or  a  mesh  network,  youd  likely  have  to  overengineer  it  for  it  to  be  functional.  to  deal  with  these  realities,  critical  data  is  typically  extracted  through  the  use  of  satellite  communications  or  wired  networks,  both  of  which  come  at  a  steep  cost.  using  lpwans,  you  can  connect  a  lot  more  monitoring  points  relatively  inexpensively.  for  instance,  you  could  connect  xx  leak  detectors  on  xx  wells  located  within  a  xxsquare  mile  area  on  an  lpwan  network.  each  of  those  detectors  then  sends  information  back  to  a  central  point,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring which  is  connected  to  a  satellite.  or,  the  data  could  simply  be  processed  onsite,  depending  on  the  companys  wants  and  needs.  a  hybrid  solution  like  this  one  allows  you  to  collect  much  more  data  than  the  traditional  monitoring  method.  lpwans  can  also  be  helpful  in  measuring  salinity  to  ensure  there  are  no  watertofuel  leaks  and  monitoring  equipment  and  personnel  onsite.  in  an  oil  and  gas  refinery,  the  internet  of  things  could  be  used  to  monitor  things  like  pipe  thickness,  flow  rate,  pipe  pressure,  and  more.  if  these  areas  are  accessible  to  human  personnel,  a  lot  of  measurements  are  typically  logged
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  hand.  but  logging  this  amount  of  information  by  hand  is  a  timeconsuming  job,  and  fairly  costly  for  the  company.  keep  in  mind  that  some  areas  of  a  refinery  need  to  be  measured  in  exact  realtimefor  instance,  a  valve  that  needs  to  be  controlled  based  on  a  flow  rate  being  monitored  elsewhere.  in  that  case,  a  change  in  flow  rate  would  require  almost  instantaneous  control  of  the  valve.  with  most  radio  systems,  its  hard  to  guarantee  data  is  being  sent  in  realtime  with  100  accuracylpwan  systems  arent  typically  designed  for  extremely  high  throughputs.  so  if  readings  need  to  be  taken
__label__machineconditionmonitoring every  fraction  of  a  second,  the  refinery  will  likely  rely  on  a  wired  system.  but  what  the  internet  of  things  iot  does  allow  for  is  hitting  more  points  for  more  accurate  data.  for  example,  many  aspects  of  a  refinery  are  engineered  with  specific  levels  of  uncertainty  because  they  simply  cant  be  measured.  for  example,  a  particular  part  of  the  refinery  may  not  be  able  to  run  at  the  same  pressure  as  it  would  if  more  reading  points  were  available.  to  solve  that  problem,  the  iot  could  provide  greater  insight  and  extra  data  about  the  flow,  allowing  the  refinery  to  run
__label__machineconditionmonitoring at  higher  capacity.  the  iot  network  would  also  save  the  refinery  money  by  limiting  the  personnel  needed  to  manually  monitor,  or  the  amount  of  equipment  that  requires  wired  communications.  one  of  the  primary  concerns  with  oil  and  gas  pipelines  is  leakage,  and  the  financial,  environmental,  and  reputational  damage  it  could  cause.  if  methane  gas  is  released  without  being  burned,  it  has,  pound  for  pound,  about  25  times  the  impact  on  climate  change  than  carbon  dioxide  has  theres  also  a  high  explosion  risk  for  a  gas  leak  when  its  exposed  to  atmospheric  pressure.  and  while  oil  doesnt  hold  a  risk  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring explosion,  there  are  major  risks  associated  with  pipeline  leaks.  companies  could  lose  their  assets,  and  their  pollution  could  potentially  lead  to  astronomical  fines.  prior  to  the  iot,  satellite  internet  monitored  key  points  in  the  pipeline  and  extrapolated  data  to  measure  total  system  performance.  with  the  integration  of  oil  and  gas  solutions,  more  key  points  can  be  monitored  for  less  money.  the  iot  can  also  help  monitor  pipeline  components,  like  pumps  and  filters.  without  a  smart  system,  a  company  would  have  to  send  someone  to  perform  periodic,  routine  maintenance  every  three  months,  for  example.  but  with  the  extra  data  the  company
__label__machineconditionmonitoring could  gather  from  its  iot  system,  it  may  be  able  to  wait  for  maintenance  and  pump  and  filter  replacement  until  the  performance  of  the  system  starts  to  decline  though  some  amount  of  preventative  maintenance  will  prudently  still  be  performed.  today,  there  are  several  companieslike  previously  pumpwell  and  that  provide  iot  solutions  for  wellhead  and  pumpjack  monitoring  and  other  gas  and  oil  monitoring  needs.  according  to  wellaware,  help  companies  reduce  lease  operating  expenses,  minimize  unplanned  downtime,  and  ensure  safety  and  regulatory  compliance.  data  companies  collect  feeds  into  a  platform  that  may  tell  the  company,  for  example,  if  they  should  be  injecting
__label__machineconditionmonitoring more  chemicals  or  steam  into  the  well,  or  what  kind  of  vacuum  pressures  are  optimal  given  the  conditions.  theres  a  lot  that  goes  into  the  oil  and  gas  extraction  process,  and  iot  devices  make  monitoring  and  gathering  data  on  these  things  easier.  the  visual  below,  created  by  ,  describes  some  of  the  common  threats  to  well  performance.  oil  and  gas  is  similar  to  the  offshore  use  case  in  that  theres  typically  no  connectivity  in  the  middle  of  the  ocean  other  than  satellite  internet.  if  you  want  to  collect  data  from  around  your  ship,  ,  your  options  are  limited.  lpwans  allow
__label__machineconditionmonitoring you  to  remotely  monitor  parts  of  the  ship  that  personnel  dont  regularly  go  to  or  are  nearly  impossible  to  access.  this  adds  a  layer  of  both  safety  and  convenience.  while  some  elements  of  oil  and  gas  cargo  ships  have  to  be  wired  due  to  realtime  needs  of  the  propulsion  plant,  some  nonoperational  elementstemperatures,  pressures,  flows,  etc.dont  need  to  be  backhauled  using  satellite,  or  connected  in  real  time.  therefore,  small  iot  networks  can  be  great  alternatives  to  wired  sensors  and  gages.  the  dynamic  nature  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  can  make  inventory  planning  and  optimization  difficult.  the  iot  can  help
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  procurement  planning  and  scheduling.  for  example,  refineries  could  use  sensors  to  detect  which  types  of  crude  oil  or  crude  oil  blends  are  incoming  and/or  where  each  type  is  stored.  having  this  data  available  would  be  valuable  for  production  and  operation  decisions.  it  could  also  be  used  to  measure  crude  composition  for  inventory  purposes.  smart  oil  and  gas  have  been,  and  will  continue  to  be,  longevolving  processes.  didnt  dramatically  change  these  fields,  but  wireless  technology  does  put  gas  and  oil  companies  at  a  unique  advantage.  in  fact,  i  believe  they  are  wellpositioned  to  make  some  of  their  biggest  strides  now
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  connecting  things  is  cheaper  and  the  technology  is  more  sophisticated  than  ever.  if  companies  can  collect  information  and  thus,  run  further  data  analysis  with  a  limited  number  of  endpoints,  imagine  how  much  could  be  done  with  more  granular  information.  connectivity  isnt  an  issue  for  everyone  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  if  you  have  access  to  cellular  networks,  and  what  youre  monitoring  is  highvalue  enough  to  merit  the  price  tag,  you  may  not  need  lpwan  technology.  but  if  youre  looking  to  improve  operational  efficiencies  and  cut  costs  in  a  number  of  ways,  this  information  may  help  you  take  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring incumbents  in  the  market.  if  youre  dealing  with  connectivity  problems  in  your  oil  and  gas  application,  to  see  how  we  can  help.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring hardware  providers  answer  the  question  about  iot  use  cases  with:  imagine  you  had  superpowers  its  a  mindset  that  illustrates  just  how  many  opportunities  iot  technologies  can  create.  as  the  technology  can  be  applied  to  almost  every  vertical,  possible  use  cases  are  only  limited  by  our  imagination.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  term  for  cyberphysical  systems  that  link  physical  devices  to  the  web  and  to  each  other.  iot  platforms  can  connect  all  sorts  of  physical  devices  and  process  the  data  generated  by  their  different  sensors.  the  analysis  of  iot  data  enables  decision  makers  to  reveal  new  insights  and  helps
__label__machineconditionmonitoring automated  ecosystems  become  smarter.  transport,  logistics,  manufacturing,  healthcare,  retail  or  smart  homes,  everything  is  connected.  heres  how  the  iot  is  put  to  use  in  different  industries:  transportation  and  logistics  need  as  much  information  as  possible  for  accurate  and  errorfree  management.  timing  is  of  the  essence  especially  when  relying  on  a  combination  of  different  transport  modes  such  as  rail,  road,  and  sea  transport.  the  logistics  industry  was  among  the  first  adopters  of  iot  technologies  in  operations:  it  introduced  handheld  scanners  to  digitise  the  delivery  process  and  multiple  sensors  to  monitor  cargo  and  delivery  truck  performance.  now  everything  is  connected,  from  flexible
__label__machineconditionmonitoring warehousing  operations  to  supply  chain  management:  assets,  carriers,  storage  facilities,  parking  lots,  trucks,  and  other  types  of  infrastructure.  this  helps  in  pinpointing  underused  resources  and  making  plans  for  enhanced  optimization.  as  a  result,  iotenabled  operations  save  money,  help  ensure  more  reliable  scheduling  and  increase  delivery  punctuality.  for  example,  dhl  makes  use  of  .  it  allows  them  to  gain  clear  visibility  of  the  movement  and  status  of  goods  at  all  stages  of  the  logistics  journey.  sensors  monitor  the  freight  location,  but  also  container  openings,  vibrations,  strokes,  or  any  damage  to  the  cargo.  this  ensures  the  transported  goods  arrive  on  time,  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  right  place  and  intact.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  uses  both  supply  chain  management  and  smart  logistics.  but  it  shows  its  real  benefits  in  predictive  maintenance  and  asset  tracking:  a  mix  of  temperature,  hvac  and  chemical  sensors  helps  to  control  the  conditions  of  working  environments.  location  tracking  with  rfid  tags  helps  identify  crucial  assets  and  enables  a  whole  new  level  of  transportation  automation  in  .  ultimately  iot  implementations  improve  the  factorys  operational  efficiency  and  save  time  and  costs.  one  example  of  how  iot  can  enrich  manufacturing  processes  is  with  .  a  digital  twin  is  a  virtual  representation  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  physical  object,  which  can  be  an  individual  item,  a  machine  or  a  whole  manufacturing  plant.  with  the  help  of  digital  twins  the  production  line  can  be  monitored  digitally  and  in  real  time  to  detect  flaws  as  soon  as  possible.  iot  data  is  by  taking  the  guesswork  out  of  growing  food.  the  study  of  weather  conditions  to  forecast  ice,  rain,  drought,  snow  or  wind  changes  enables  farmers  to  take  necessary  measures  in  advance.  in  a  temperature  and  hvac  sensors  allow  for  control  over  microclimate  conditions.  in  addition  to  that  sensors  built  into  to  production  processes  monitor  machine  performances  and  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring status  of  the  content  in  trucks  and  tanks.  results  are  higher  crop  yields,  increased  efficiency,  improved  quality  and  less  water  usage.  the  shows  how  iot  can  be  applied  to  the  pastoral  farming  sector.  by  implanting  sensors  in  selected  cows,  farmers  can  gain  a  valuable  overall  picture  of  the  herds  health.  this  can  help  them  identify  problems  at  an  early  stage  and  act  quickly  to  resolve  them  before  they  impact  the  efficiency  of  milk  production.  on  a  city  level,  iot  technology  can  help  municipalities  to  organise  their  cities  more  effectively  and  sustainably.  sensors  can  be  used  to  monitor  urban  noise  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring air  quality  in  problematic  areas.  smart  traffic  solutions  can  redirect  drivers  to  different  routes  to  release  pressure  from  hightrafficareas.  this  way  iot  can  drive  optimal  space  utilisation.  with  smart  lighting  systems,  street  furniture  can  be  programmed  to  adjust  to  their  surroundings  with  the  help  of  light  and  motion  sensors.  an  example  of  creative  iot  use  is  the  solutions  in  montpellier.  with  data  from  motion  sensors  the  location  of  free  parking  spots  can  be  communicated  to  drivers  in  realtime.  this  eliminates  the  time  spent  on  driving  around  in  search  of  available  parking  and  makes  the  city  more  ecofriendly  in  the  long
__label__machineconditionmonitoring run.  the  internet  of  things  has  numerous  applications  in  a  retail  environment:  on  one  side  it  can  create  a  more  immersive  shopping  experience  for  customers.  the  technology  can  connect  a  customers  mobile  to  a  store  window,  help  them  finding  what  they  need,  offer  valuable  information  or  special  concessions  for  loyality.  on  the  other  side  retailers  can  use  iot  platforms  to  improve  their  store  operations.  rfid  labels  attached  to  items  helps  to  monitor  stock  levels,  sales  and  customer  behaviour.  the  data  generated  with  this  technology  enable  managers  to  plan  ahead  and  work  more  efficiently.  a  fully  automated  checkout  is  already  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reality  at  the  store.  the  convenience  store  uses  a  set  of  sensors  to  detect  which  items  are  added  to  a  shoppers  basket.  customers  can  then  simply  walk  out  of  the  shop  without  queuing  and  their  digital  accounts  are  automatically  charged.  healthcare  organizations  make  use  of  iot  technologies  to  improve  their  workflow  and  patient  experience.  as  in  other  industries  iot  technologies  streamline  asset  tracking  and  improve  supply  chain  management.  with  an  inventory  management  system,  employees  can  locate  crucial  equipment  quickly.  but  in  addition  to  that,  wearable  devices  can  also  collect  and  analyse  health  data  from  patients  in  real  time.  systems  like
__label__machineconditionmonitoring glucometers,  blood  pressure  cuffs  and  other  devices  can  collect  data  on  the  vital  signs  of  patients.  the  data  can  be  used  for  proactive  and  connected  monitoring,  early  detection  and  diagnosis.  ,  vice  president  and  cio  at  jfk  health  system  in  edison,  n.j.  gives  his  outlook  on  device  integration:  were  also  just  beginning  to  scratch  the  surface  there  in  integrating  those  devices  to  collect  the  data  directly  into  the  emr  electronic  medical  record,  giving  us  at  least  some  improvement  for  the  clinicians  in  terms  of  workflow  and  ease  of  documentation  in  domestic  homes,  smart  meters  are  becoming  increasingly  common,  allowing  residents
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  monitor  and  control  their  energy  consumption.  a  connected  system  of  sensors  can  for  example  automatically  adjust  the  thermostat  to  change  temperature  or  turn  off  the  lights  when  a  room  isnt  occupied.  home  safety  and  security  systems  connect  sensors  like  cameras,  motion,  fire  and  smoke  detectors  with  alarm  systems.  voice  assistants  on  devices  such  as  amazon  echo  or  google  home  can  provide  additional  services.  they  can  connect  to  mobile  phones  or  entertainment  systems  to  make  phone  calls,  schedule  event,  play  music  or  control  a  smart  tv  remotely.  this  list  is  by  no  means  comprehensive  and  can  be  expanded  to  different
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industries  and  use  cases.  looking  at  the  variety  of  ,  some  fields  have  only  just  started  to  discover  their  potential.  with  this  superpower  at  hand,  the  utilisation  of  iot  data  can  create  opportunities  for  sustainability,  energy  efficiency,  health  and  safety.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring blog  search  results  for  the  internet  of  things  iot  involves  an  entire  ecosystem  of  tools  and  services  that  must  come  together  to  deliver  a  complete  solution.  knowing  the  key  components  of  an  iot  architecture  and  how  to  integrate  them  can  be  a  challenge.  fortunately  for  you,  representative  architectures  for  specific  have  emerged  over  the  last  few  years.  you  can  look  to  these  for  inspiration  when  it  comes  to  designing  an  iot  architecture  to  meet  your  own  requirements.  regardless  of  use  case,  nearly  every  iot  solution  involves  the  same  four  components:  devices,  connectivity,  platform,  and  an  application.  some  use  cases  may
__label__machineconditionmonitoring involve  additional  layers,  but  these  four  components  represent  the  foundation  of  every  iot  solution.  iot  devices  make  up  the  physical  hardware  component  of  your  solution.  in  an  use  case,  these  are  things  like  engines  and  engine  controllers.  for  use  cases,  these  could  be  motion  sensors  or  badge  readers.  for  use  cases,  these  are  gps  trackers.  in  many  industrial  iot  and  smart  building  use  cases,  customers  prefer  to  use  offtheshelf  devices  that  can  be  added  to  an  existing  environment  or  piece  of  equipment.  one  of  the  challenges  when  choosing  offtheshelf  hardware  can  be  gaining  access  to  the  data.  many  vendors  provide
__label__machineconditionmonitoring siloed  solutions,  which  may  work  well  to  solve  very  specific  problems,  but  dont  work  well  when  youd  like  to  utilize  that  data  as  part  of  a  broader  iot  application.  when  investigating  hardware  solutions,  make  sure  you  can  gain  access  to  the  data  through  local  protocols  like  modbus,  serial,  or  opc  ua.  some  vendors  may  also  have  a  cloud  service  where  you  can  access  the  data  through  an  api.  in  most  iot  solutions,  devices  are  sending  state  data  to  and  receiving  commands  from  a  centralized  iot  platform.  there  are  a  lot  of  options  for  how  that  devicetoplatform  connection  is  made  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  depends  heavily  on  the  environment  and  constraints  of  the  device  itself.  if  the  device  is  outside  and  moving  around,  like  in  asset  tracking  use  cases,  cellular  connectivity  is  a  good  choice.  if  the  device  is  indoors  in  a  home  or  building  environment,  you  may  have  ethernet  or  wifi  available.  if  the  device  is  battery  powered,  you  may  need  to  investigate  lowpower  options  like  or  .  below  is  a  table  from  our  guide,  ,  that  can  help  you  determine  the  available  connectivity  options  based  on  your  environment  and  device  constraints.  some  devices  cant  connect  directly  to  the  central  platform  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring require  the  use  of  an  iot  gateway  to  bridge  the  gap  between  your  local  environment  and  your  platform.  this  is  common  in  industrial  environments  where  you  may  be  interfacing  with  existing  equipment  over  local  protocols  like  modbus,  opc  ua,  or  serial.  gateways  are  also  required  when  using  wireless  technologies  like  ble  and  lpwan,  since  those  dont  provide  any  direct  connection  to  your  network  or  the  cloud.  in  these  situations,  the  device  is  connected  to  the  gateway.  the  gateway  reads  the  required  information  and  then  sends  the  data  to  the  platform  using  a  backhaul  connection,  like  cellular  or  wifi,  which  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring access  your  network  or  the  cloud.  gateways  also  allow  you  to  introduce  into  your  architecture.  edge  compute  shifts  processing  and  control  from  the  cloud  and  places  it  at  or  near  your  equipment.  the  cloud  is  an  important  component  of  your  architecture,  but  it  comes  with  limitations  outside  of  your  control,  like  internet  connection  reliability  and  communication  latency.  if  decisions  need  to  be  made  in  real  time,  or  your  devices  generate  too  much  data  to  send  to  the  cloud,  introducing  edge  compute  into  your  iot  architecture  could  be  a  good  solution.  your  iot  platform  is  the  central  data  warehouse  and  orchestration
__label__machineconditionmonitoring engine  for  your  solution.  building  a  secure  and  scalable  platform  is  not  an  easy  task,  so  we  recommend  choosing  a  partner  to  provide  this  component  of  the  iot  architecture  for  you.  choosing  the  right  platform  can  be  a  complicated  process.  below  is  the  platform  evaluation  checklist  that  can  be  found  in  our  guide,  .  iot  platforms  are  complicated  enough  that  they  have  their  own  architecture  requirements  in  order  to  fulfill  the  needs  of  your  iot  solution.  understanding  a  welldesigned  platform  can  help  you  when  choosing  a  partner.  the  above  diagram  shows  the  architecture  for  the  .  this  diagram  shows  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring primary  components  you  should  look  for  when  investigating  a  platform.  these  include  edge  compute,  data  ingestion  services,  data  warehousing,  workflows  or  rules  engines,  dashboards,  and  enduser  experiences.  the  green  boxes  at  the  top  represent  your  specific  iot  applications.  a  welldesigned  platform  can  enable  the  creation  of  many  different  applications  that  your  organization  may  be  pursuing.  the  iot  application  delivers  the  enduser  experience,  or  how  you  or  your  customers  engage  with  the  data  collected  from  your  iot  devices.  this  could  be  a  mobile  app,  a  website,  a  desktop  application,  or  even  a  passive  experience  that  no  one  interacts  with  directly.  building
__label__machineconditionmonitoring these  can  be  challenging  and  timeconsuming.  when  youre  investigating  iot  platforms,  look  specifically  for  ,  since  they  provide  tools  that  can  greatly  accelerate  that  effort.  the  iot  application  is  an  important  component  of  your  iot  architecture  and  is  where  the  actual  value  of  your  solution  is  realized.  deploying  hardware  and  collecting  sensor  data  is  meaningless  unless  youre  presenting  it  in  useful  ways  and  solving  realworld  problems  for  your  customers.  iot  solutions  require  a  very  different  architecture  that  many  companies  may  not  be  comfortable  with.  as  companies  move  forward  with  their  digital  transformation  strategies,  understanding  this  architecture  is  important  in  order
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  be  successful.  some  companies,  like  industrial  oems,  sell  millions  of  devices  to  customers  distributed  all  over  the  globe.  building  a  reliable,  secure,  and  scalable  application  with  a  highlydistributed  system  like  this  requires  a  strong  foundation  in  order  to  deliver  an  exceptional  user  experience  to  their  customers.  as  you  move  forward  with  your  iot  ambitions,  remember  these  components.  each  one  represents  a  partner  youll  likely  work  with  in  order  to  build  the  complete  solution.  at  losant,  weve  provided  the  for  many  customers,  big  and  small,  across  a  wide  range  of  use  cases.  if  youre  investigating  platforms,  about  your  solution  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring see  how  we  could  help  build  the  foundation  for  your  iot  architecture.  brandon  is  passionate  about  developer  tools  and  user  experience.  he  has  over  10  years  of  enterprise  software  experience  in  the  chemical  detection,  telecommunications,  and  cloud  platform  industries.  losant  is  an  enterprise  iot  platform  that  makes  it  easy  to  build  connected  solutions  that  produce  realtime  results.  copyright  2019,  all  rights  reserved.  /
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  iot  is  not,  by  itself,  a  technology.  the  iot  is  the  concept  of  connecting  electrical  devices  to  the  internet.  this  includes  smartphones,  washing  machines,  coffee  makers,  lamps,  and  wearable  devices.  the  iot  also  applies  to  the  components  of  machines,  such  as  jet  engines  or  the  drills  of  oil  rigs,  and  is  used  by  smart  cities  and  manufacturing  plants.  the  use  of  the  iot  is  also  changing  how  big  data  is  managed  and  stored.  as  a  new  technology  trend,  the  internet  of  things  offers  tremendous  opportunities,  ranging  from  predicting  problems  with  equipment  to  monitoring  customer  shopping  patterns.  the  value  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring information  collected  from  iot  devices  is  shown  when  it  improves  an  organization,  making  more  efficient,  and  dismisses  inaccurate  or  faulty  assumptions,  by  way  of  .  the  iot  allows  the  majority  of  smart  devices  to  be  monitored,  and  collects  data  from  small,  sensitive  sensors  in  cities  and  industrial  complexes.  these  sensors  and  smart  devices  are  generating  massive  amounts  of  data,  which  needs  to  be  stored.  as  the  iot  becomes  interconnected  with  almost  everything,  screening  for  useful  information  becomes  important.  as  a  result,  more  and  more  organizations  are  shifting  to  public  clouds,  to  access  their  flexibility  and  scalability.  modern  shopping  technology  allows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring retailers  to  offer  a  streamlined  shopping  experience.  some  businesses,  such  as  ,  offer  tools  that  engage  shoppers  while  on  the  internet,  and  then  guides  them  to  the  physical  store.  smart  scheduling,  offered  by  ,  allows  retailers  to  send  the  right  salesperson  to  the  floor  at  just  the  right  time.  additionally,  technology  applications  like  and  can  train  salespeople  on  popular  products  with  just  the  click  of  a  button.  as  all  store  owners  know,  a  trained  salesperson  can  engage  shoppers  more  effectively,  and  engagement  promotes  sales.  is  a  new  iot  combination  sensor,  which  integrates  hd  video,  stereo,  bluetooth,  and  wifi  into  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring single  device.  this  allows  retailers  to  install  fewer  devices,  while  collecting  more  information.  some  retailers  have  begun  using  robots  made  by  technology  companies,  such  as  ,  to  inventory  shelves,  or  identify  misplaced  and  mispriced  products.  the  internet  of  things  offers  opportunities  for  cities  to  use  data  in  managing  traffic,  cutting  pollution,  and  keeping  citizens  safe.  typically  offer  their  citizens  a  high  quality  of  life,  with  minimized  consumption  of  energy  resources.  this  is  accomplished  by  way  of  intelligent  interconnections  within  the  infrastructure  electricity,  heat,  transportation,  communications,  and  smart  buildings  sharing  big  data.  technological  advances  such  as  lowcost  and  iot,  combined  with
__label__machineconditionmonitoring inexpensive  sensors,  have  allowed  smart  cities  to  track  huge  amounts  of  information  ranging  from  gunshots  to  air  pollution  to  traffic.  also,  smartphone  apps  allow  both  citizens  and  city  workers  to  monitor  problems,  and  send  feedback  to  city  hall.  a  smart  city  should  have  some  of  these  features:  nokia  has  created  .  this  system  is  a  fully  integrated  scalable  and  modular  framework  designed  to  efficiently  deliver  smart  city  services.  it  unifies  a  smart  citys  management  consoles  and  scales  up  services.  sensingasaservice  offers  data  and  analytics  services  for  the  iot  networks.  sensingasaservice  can  monitor  everything  from  environmental  changes  to  illegal  construction.  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  world  of  auto  manufacturing,  a  single  hour  ofunplanned  downtime  can  cost  1.3  million  in  production  losses.  if  unexpecteddowntime  becomes  a  chronic  problem,  there  can  be  additional,  even  bigger  costs  especially  in  the  era  of  justintime  manufacturing.  for  instance,  a  companythat  makes  mufflers  might  lose  an  automakers  contract  if  frequent  downtimemeans  the  assembly  line  grinds  to  a  halt  on  a  regular  basis.  to  avoid  those  costs,  have  always  invested  heavily  in  processes  and  tools  to  maximize  equipment  uptime.  the  iot  provides  new  processes  and  tools  ones  that  can  also  minimize  planned  downtime.  typically,  are  installed  on  equipment  to  monitor  temperature,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring voltage  fluctuations,  vibrations,  and  other  variables.  this  data  feeds  into  a  platform  used  for  realtime  analytics  and  monitoring.  the  iot  can  also  maximize  uptime  by  detecting  hidden  problems  before  a  breakdown.  even  the  most  intensive  human  visual  inspections  cannot  peer  into  a  motor  to  identify  sparking  brushes  or  a  failing  bearing.  however,  the  iot  can  track  fluctuating  power  consumption  and  excessive  heat  possibly  due  to  arcing.  offers  a  variety  of  wireless  sensors  including  thermosensors,  moisture  sensors,  and  motion  detectors.  in  addition  to  providing  alerts  in  realtime,  the  iot  can  also  build  a  historical  database.  with  these  insights,  a  company  will
__label__machineconditionmonitoring know  which  models  of  motors,  pumps,  and  other  equipment  are  the  most  reliable,  and  which  are  prone  to  breaking  down.  this  information  allows  for  informed  decisions  when  buying  new  equipment.  iiot  connects  machines  and  devices  in  industries  such  as  the  manufacturing  industry,  agriculture,  and  energy  production.  in  these  areas,  optimization  and  improvement  are  continuous  goals.  to  achieve  these  goals,  organizations  use  data  to  maximize  their  knowledge  at  each  point  of  the  different  processes.  using  the  iiot,  managers  can  detect  inefficiencies,  excessive  resource  consumption,  and  bottlenecks.  the  iiot  supports  collecting  reliable  data,  in  realtime,  and  translating  it  into  useful  information.  offers
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iiot  technology  in  the  form  of  sam,  which  allows  its  users  to  monitor  their  equipment  with  a  variety  of  sensors  providing  realtime  data.  offers  ai  software  that  allows  for  more  accurate  and  faster  detection  of  defects.  it  installs  easily  and  can  be  used  with  already  existing  imagery  data  and  hardware.  some  application  developers  and  manufacturers  working  with  the  internet  of  things  have  discovered  doing  more  computing  and  analytics  within  the  sensors  can  have  significant  benefits.  ,  the  use  of  computing  within  the  sensor,  is  gaining  in  popularity.  this  computing  sensor  approach  lowers  dependence  on  the  cloud  and  responds  more  quickly.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  indoor  offers  an  example  of  this  process.  their  camera  uses  ondevice  vision  processing,  which  watches  for  motion,  identifies  family  members,  and  will  send  alerts  if  a  person  isnt  recognized.  by  processing  computer  vision  tasks  inside  the  camera,  the  amount  of  ,  cloud  storage,  and  bandwidth  is  significantly  less  than  the  version  of  sending  streaming  video  over  the  internet.  ondevice  processing  increases  the  speed  of  alerts  and  reduces  the  chances  of  false  alarms.  a  number  of  changes  can  be  expected  in  the  internet  of  things.  the  changes  and  make  the  system  easier  to  use.  many  of  the  changes  have  already
__label__machineconditionmonitoring begun.  some  things  to  expect  are:  all  iot  solutions  require  a  wellthoughtout  architecture  inorder  to  maximize  their  efficiency.  it  includes  a  variety  of  components,including  sensors,  protocols,  actuators,  cloud  services,  and  layers.  the  architecture  are  organized  to  track  a  systems  consistency.  there  are  three  architectural  layers  that  are  crucial  to  the  development  of  iot  architecture:  supports  systems  that  autonomously  sense  and  respond  to  the  real  world.  the  iot  architecture  must  include  availability,  scalability,  functionality,  and  maintainability.  because  sensors  convert  the  information  from  its  environment  into  data  for  analysis,  it  is  important  to  begin  with  the  sensors  to  get  data  that  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  processed.  the  process  is  taken  furtherfor  actuators,  as  these  can  beused  to  change  the  physical  reality.  for  example,  they  can  turn  on  lights  andadjust  the  thermostat.  the  final  stage  of  iot  architecture  involves  connectingit  to  the  data  center  or  cloud  so  data  can  be  processed,  and  recorded  forhistorical  and  research  purposes.  image  used  under  license  from  shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring there  was  a  problem  with  your  request.  please  fill  in  required  fields  sign  up  for  a  myabb  account  to  access  some  of  our  online  services  you  are  being  logged  in  as:  abbs  integrated  industrial  internet  platform  and  cloud  infrastructure  about  customer  sets  high  demands  in  the  environmental  friendly  solutions  it  deploys  onboard  the  vessels:  equip  entire  fleet  with:  about  using  offtheshelf  components,  new  support  tools  for  field  service  tasks  have  been  developed  by  abb  that  instantly  provide  important  environmental,  health  and  process  information.  submit  your  inquiry  and  we  will  contact  you
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  late  december  2018,  international  data  corporation  idc  predicted  that  the  collective  sum  of  the  worlds  data  would  grow  from  the  current  zettabytes  to  175  zettabytes  by  2025,  much  of  it  produced  by  the  interconnected  devices  known  as  the  internet  of  things  iot.  unfamiliar  with  a  zettabyte?  to  put  it  in  perspective,  idc  describes  it  like  this:  if  one  were  able  to  store  175  zb  onto  bluray  discs,  then  youd  have  a  stack  of  discs  that  can  get  you  to  the  moon  23  times.  i  think  we  can  all  agree  thats  a  lot  of  data.  we  can  probably  also  agree
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  data  is  useless  until  its  subjected  to  analysis.  until  recently,  organizations  that  wanted  to  perform  data  analysis  had  to  spend  time  and  money  to  develop  their  own  datacrunching  algorithms.  therefore  it  was  a  struggle  for  most  companies  to  manage  and  analyzeand,  as  a  result,  gain  benefit  fromiotgenerated  data.  today,  there  are  numerous  prebuilt  iot  analytics  solutions  on  the  market,  putting  data  analysis  within  reach  of  just  about  everyone.  the  availability  of  lowercost  iot  analytics  solutions  means  more  and  more  companies  are  able  to  present  a  stronger  business  case  for  trying  out  new  iot  analytics  applications.  below  are  some  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  more  interesting  iot  analytics  use  cases  weve  heard  about;  if  you  know  of  others,  tweet  us  according  to  boris  shiklo  at  ,  theres  been  increased  interest  in  social  analytics  ,  where  companies  leverage  the  iot  to  gain  actionable  insights  about  an  audiences  behavior  and  emotional  response  at  sports  matches,  fashion  shows,  exhibitions,  and  other  events.  during  a  connected  event,  sensors  measure  temperature  and  heart  rate  from  a  particular  distance;  video  cameras  monitor  motion;  and  microphones  detect  cheering  and  booing.  machine  learning  algorithms  applied  to  the  data  reveal  the  level  of  audience  engagement  and  identify  their  emotional  responses.  the  insights
__label__machineconditionmonitoring obtained  with  the  analysis  can  be  used  for  increasing  future  engagement,  improving  the  effectiveness  of  marketing  campaigns,  and  boosting  brand  awareness  in  social  media.  aquafarming  or  aquaculture,  the  cultivation  of  plants  and  animals  in  water,  is  another  intriguing  iot  analytics  use  case.  nikolai  tenev,  founder  of  ,  describes  how  the  iot  is  helping  aquafarming  operations  gain  more  insight  into  their  harvesting  conditions.  using  a  variety  of  sensors,  they  can  gather  detailed  data  about  the  quality  of  the  environment,  including  the  temperature,  nutrients,  oxygen  levels,  light  levels,  and  more.  analysis  of  the  data  can  then  help  determine  what  isand  isntgood  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  cultures,  which  helps  them  improve  the  water  quality  and  ultimately  boost  production.  with  the  right  data  and  the  right  iot  analytics  tools,  you  can  predict  the  future.  thats  no  small  thing  for  businesses,  who  lose  approximately  with  every  hour  of  downtime.  no  matter  what  industry  youre  in,  theres  an  opportunity  to  improve  operations  using  iotbased  restaurants,  for  example,  are  using  sensors  to  monitor  their  refrigeration  units,  allowing  them  to  address  potential  problems  before  a  failure  occurs  and  food  spoils.  manufacturers  are  doing  remote  equipment  monitoring  to  avoid  a  breakdown  of  critical  equipment  that  could  impact  the  entire  operation.  even
__label__machineconditionmonitoring office  buildings  are  getting  in  on  the  predictive  maintenance  trend.  in  an  effort  to  reduce  the  elevators  are  out  of  service  each  year,  theyre  putting  iot  devices  on  them.  data  analysis  could,  for  instance,  reveal  if  a  door  is  opening  more  frequently  than  normal,  which  may  indicate  a  problemand  a  future  trapped  tenant.  wouldnt  you  want  to  avoid  that  if  you  could?  theres  a  lot  the  iot  can  do  for  travelers  like  reducing  traffic  congestion  and  finding  available  parking,  but  these  days,  cities  arent  the  only  settings  where  the  iot  can  help.  in  mid2018,  the  city  of  denver,  colorado,  began
__label__machineconditionmonitoring embedded  with  sensors  into  a  section  of  roadway  as  part  of  a  trial  run  to  see  how  certain  data  might  be  used  on  the  states  mountainous  highways.  the  sensors  will  purportedly  deduce  things  like  the  speed,  weight,  and  direction  of  vehicles;  that  data  can  then  be  used  to  alert  authorities  to  accidents.  state  officials  have  noted  that  certain  areas  of  roadways,  like  a  particularly  dangerous  curve  on  highway  285,  have  high  accident  rates.  data  analytics  and  the  iot  make  it  possible  to  alert  emergency  responders  the  moment  an  accident  occurs.  aaina  bajaj  of  points  out  a  similar  iot  analytics  application:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ability  to  detect  road  maintenance  issues.  the  project,  run  jointly  between  researchers  at  the  university  of  buffalo  and  changan  university  in  china,  is  studying  the  idea  of  embedding  sensors  underneath  road  surfaces  to  detect  moisture  and  pressure,  which  can  indicate  that  problems  are  beginning  to  form.  the  idea  is  to  detect  road  faults  before  they  happen,  and  help  motorists  avoid  traffic  accidents  due  to  damaged  roads.  healthcare  facilities  are  tapping  into  the  iot  at  an  astonishing  rateone  report  states  that  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  iot  technology  as  of  this  year.  iot  analytics  applications  in  healthcare  are  many,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring everything  from  xray  machines  that  use  artificial  intelligence  to  detect  problems,  to  using  asset  tracking  to  stay  on  top  of  critical  and  costly  equipment.  now,  a  new  generation  of  is  using  the  iot  to  provide  higherquality  care  for  patients.  the  new  beds  continuously  monitor  a  patients  heart  rate  and  respiratory  rate;  machine  learning  as  part  of  iot  data  analytics  can  then  help  detect  signs  of  deterioration  sooner.  by  some  estimates,  the  technology  inside  the  beds  have  been  shown  to  help  lower  code  bluerelated  mortality  by  and  cardiac  arrests  by  86.  the  artificial  intelligence  of  things  aiot  is  when  artificial  intelligence
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technologies  are  applied  to  the  data  analysis  process  and  sometimes  operational  aspects  of  the  network  itself.  the  goal  is  to  rapidly  extract  advanced  insights  from  iot  data  without  human  involvement.  this  is  commonly  done  via  machine  learning.  machine  learning  is  a  way  of  teaching  a  computer  system  to  learn  to  perform  certain  tasks,  such  as  making  predictions  or  recognizing  patterns  in  data.  when  applied  to  iot  data  analytics,  the  system  is  capable  of  providing  actionable  information  and  improving  decisionmaking.  some  into  their  platforms;  without  it  youre  less  likely  to  experience  the  full  benefit  of  the  iot.  still,  there  are  human
__label__machineconditionmonitoring responsibilities  that  go  along  with  advanced  data  analysis.  for  instance,  your  organization  will  need  to  contextualize  the  data  and  define  the  goals  and  objectives  of  analysis:  what  business  questions  do  you  want  to  answer?  youll  also  need  to  evaluate  your  companys  decisionmaking  process  to  ensure  you  can  keep  up  with  the  incoming  flow  of  data.  realtime  data  is  useful  in  the  now,  but  it  could  become  obsolete  with  the  passing  of  too  much  time.  corporations  arent  the  only  ones  looking  to  save  money  and  increase  efficiency;  farmers  are,  too.  in  fact,  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  grow  rapidly
__label__machineconditionmonitoring through  at  least  precision  farming  is  the  practice  of  using  iot  technologies  to  lower  the  cost  of  operation  and  improve  farm  performance.  it  enables  farmers  to  deliver  exactly  the  right  treatment  to  plants  and  livestock,  even  down  to  individual  animals  and  plants  per  square  meter.  for  example,  they  can  measure  variations  within  a  field  of  crops  and  make  decisions  about  how  to  best  apply  things  like  pesticides  and  fertilizers,  rather  than  having  to  apply  them  uniformly  across  the  field.  they  can  also  monitor  the  location  and  health  of  their  livestock  remotely,  which  helps  with  the  early  identification  of  sick  animals.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is  a  publicly  traded  leader  in  sustainable  energy,  energy  conservation  solutions,  and  iot  technology.  to  learn  more  about  our  corporate  governance  visit  our  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring background  image:  istock/getty  images  iot  devices,  or  any  of  the  many  things  in  the  internet  of  things,  are  nonstandard  computing  devices  that  connect  wirelessly  to  a  network  and  have  the  ability  to  transmit  data.  digital  twin  tech,  or  a  virtual  representation  of  a  product,  is  a  critical  concept  in  iot  thats  still  being  sorted  out.  explore  its  benefits  to  iot,  7  use  cases  and  why  its  important  for  manufacturings  future.  you  forgot  to  provide  an  email  address.  this  email  address  doesnt  appear  to  be  valid.  this  email  address  is  already  registered.  please  .  you  have  exceeded  the  maximum  character  limit.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring please  provide  a  corporate  email  address.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  by  submitting  my  email  address  i  confirm  that  i  have  read  and  accepted  the  terms  of  use  and  iot  involves  extending  internet  connectivity  beyond  standard  devices,  such  as  desktops,  laptops,  smartphones  and  tablets,  to  any  range  of  traditionally  dumb  or  noninternetenabled  physical  devices  and  everyday  objects.  embedded  with  technology,  these  devices  can  communicate  and  interact  over  the  internet,  and  they  can  be  remotely  monitored  and  controlled.  connected  devices  are  part  of  a  scenario  in  which  every
__label__machineconditionmonitoring device  talks  to  other  related  devices  in  an  environment  to  automate  home  and  industry  tasks,  and  to  communicate  usable  to  users,  businesses  and  other  interested  parties.  iot  devices  are  meant  to  work  in  concert  for  people  at  home,  in  industry  or  in  the  enterprise.  as  such,  the  devices  can  be  categorized  into  three  main  groups:  consumer,  enterprise  and  industrial.  consumer  connected  devices  include  smart  tvs,  smart  speakers,  toys,  wearables  and  smart  appliances.  ,  commercial  security  systems  and  technologies  such  as  those  used  to  monitor  traffic  and  weather  conditions  are  examples  of  industrial  and  enterprise  iot  devices.  other  technologies,  including  smart
__label__machineconditionmonitoring air  conditioning,  smart  thermostats,  smart  lighting  and  smart  security,  span  home,  enterprise  and  industrial  uses.  in  a  ,  for  example,  a  user  arrives  home  and  his  car  communicates  with  the  garage  to  open  the  door.  once  inside,  the  thermostat  is  already  adjusted  to  his  preferred  temperature,  and  the  lighting  is  set  to  a  lower  intensity  and  his  chosen  color  for  relaxation,  as  his  pacemaker  data  indicates  it  has  been  a  stressful  day.  in  the  enterprise,  smart  sensors  located  in  a  conference  room  can  help  an  employee  locate  and  schedule  an  available  room  for  a  meeting,  ensuring  the  proper  room  type,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring size  and  features  are  available.  when  meeting  attendees  enter  the  room,  the  temperature  will  adjust  according  to  the  occupancy,  and  the  lights  will  dim  as  the  appropriate  powerpoint  loads  on  the  screen  and  the  speaker  begins  his  presentation.  on  a  plant  floor,  an  assembly  line  machine  outfitted  with  sensors  will  provide  sensor  data  to  the  plant  operator,  informing  her  of  anomalies  and  predicting  when  parts  will  need  to  be  replaced.  such  information  can  prevent  unexpected  downtime,  along  with  lost  productivity  and  profits.  in  the  field,  such  notifications  can  alert  users  to  what  is  wrong,  as  well  as  the  parts  needed
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  fix  a  problem,  preventing  the  need  to  send  a  field  service  worker  out  to  diagnose  an  issue,  only  to  waste  her  time  driving  to  a  warehouse,  finding  the  correct  part  and  returning  to  the  site.  a  number  of  challenges  can  hinder  the  successful  deployment  of  an  iot  system  and  its  connected  devices,  including  security,  interoperability,  power/processing  capabilities,  scalability  and  availability.  many  of  these  can  be  addressed  with  iot  device  management  either  by  adopting  standard  protocols  or  using  services  offered  by  a  vendor.  device  management  helps  companies  integrate,  organize,  monitor  and  remotely  manage  internetenabled  devices  at  scale,  offering  features  critical
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  maintaining  the  health,  connectivity  and  security  of  the  iot  devices  along  their  entire  lifecycles.  such  features  include:  available  standardized  device  management  protocols  include  the  open  mobile  alliances  device  management  oma  dm  and  lightweight  machinetomachine  oma  lwm2m.  iot  device  management  services  and  software  are  also  available  from  vendors  including  amazon,  bosch  software  innovations  gmbh,  microsoft,  software  ag  and  xively.  the  networking,  communication  and  connectivity  protocols  used  with  internetenabled  devices  largely  depend  on  the  specific  iot  application  deployed.  just  as  there  are  many  different  iot  applications,  there  are  many  different  connectivity  and  communications  options.  communications  protocols  include  coap,  dtls  and  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring among  others.  wireless  protocols  include  ipv6,  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  .  cellular,  satellite,  wifi  and  ethernet  can  also  be  used.  each  option  has  its  tradeoffs  in  terms  of  power  consumption,  range  and  bandwidth,  all  of  which  must  be  considered  when  choosing  connected  devices  and  protocols  for  a  particular  iot  application.  to  share  the  sensor  data  they  collect,  iot  devices  connect  to  an  or  another  edge  device  where  data  can  either  be  analyzed  locally  or  sent  to  the  cloud  for  analysis.  the  interconnection  of  traditionally  dumb  devices  raises  a  number  of  questions  in  relation  to  security  and  privacy.  as  if
__label__machineconditionmonitoring often  the  case,  iot  technology  has  moved  more  quickly  than  the  mechanisms  available  to  safeguard  the  devices  and  their  users.  researchers  have  already  demonstrated  remote  hacks  on  pacemakers  and  cars,  and,  in  october  2016,  a  large  distributed  denialofservice  attack  dubbed  mirai  affected  dns  servers  on  the  east  coast  of  the  united  states,  disrupting  services  worldwide  an  issue  traced  back  to  hackers  infiltrating  networks  through  iot  devices,  including  wireless  routers  and  connected  cameras.  however,  safeguarding  iot  devices  and  the  networks  they  connect  to  can  be  challenging  due  to  the  variety  of  devices  and  vendors,  as  well  as  the  difficulty  of  adding
__label__machineconditionmonitoring security  to  resourceconstrained  devices.  in  the  case  of  the  mirai  botnet,  the  problem  was  traced  back  to  the  use  of  default  passwords  on  the  hacked  devices.  strong  passwords,  authentication/authorization  and  identity  management,  network  segmentation,  encryption,  and  cryptography  are  all  suggested  iot  security  measures.  concerned  by  the  dangers  posed  by  the  rapidly  growing  ,  the  fbi  released  the  public  service  announcement  in  september  2015,  which  is  a  document  outlining  the  risks  of  iot  devices,  as  well  as  protections  and  defense  recommendations.  in  august  2017,  the  u.s.  senate  introduced  the  iot  cybersecurity  improvement  act,  a  bill  addressing  security  issues  associated  with  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices.  while  it  is  a  start,  the  bill  only  requires  internetenabled  devices  purchased  by  the  federal  government  to  meet  minimum  requirements,  not  the  industry  as  a  whole.  however,  it  is  being  viewed  as  a  starting  point  which,  if  adopted  across  the  board,  could  pave  the  way  to  better  industrywide.  gartner  estimated  the  total  number  of  iot  devices  in  use  to  have  reached  8.4  billion  in  2017,  a  31  increase  over  2016.  and  the  estimations  for  future  growth  of  iot  devices  have  been  fast  and  furious.  at  the  high  end  of  the  scale,  intel  projected  internetenabled  device  penetration  to  grow  from
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 2  billion  in  2006  to  200  billion  by  2020,  which  equates  to  nearly  26  smart  devices  for  each  human  on  earth.  a  little  more  conservative,  ihs  markit  said  the  number  of  connected  devices  will  be  75.4  billion  in  2025  and  125  billion  by  2030.  other  companies  have  tempered  their  numbers,  taking  smartphones,  tablets  and  computers  out  of  the  equation.  gartner  estimated  20.8  billion  connected  things  will  be  in  use  by  2020,  with  idc  coming  in  at  28.1  billion  and  bi  intelligence  at  24  billion.  gartner  estimated  the  total  spend  on  iot  devices  and  services  at  nearly  2  trillion  in  2017,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  idc  projecting  spending  to  reach  772.5  billion  in  2018,  14.6  more  than  the  674  billion  it  estimated  to  be  spent  in  2017,  with  it  hitting  1  trillion  in  2020  and  1.1  trillion  in  2021.  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring brought  to  you  by  using  multisource  sensing  data  based  on  the  internet  of  things  iot  with  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data  processing  technology  to  achieve  predictive  maintenance  of  mechanical  equipment  can  remarkably  improve  the  service  life  of  the  machine  and  reduce  labor  costs  when  diagnosing  mechanical  faults,  and  it  has  become  a  highly  relevant  research  topic.  in  this  paper,  the  multisource  sensing  data  fusion  models  and  fusion  algorithms  are  studied  and  discussed.  first,  the  joint  directors  of  laboratories  jdl  fusion  model  and  the  hierarchical  fusion  model  are  compared  and  analyzed.  then,  various  types  of  fusion  algorithms  based  on  neural  networks
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  deep  learning,  including  dempstershafer  ds  evidence  theory  and  their  applications  in  mechanical  fault  diagnosis  and  fault  prediction,  are  studied  and  compared.  the  findings  reveal  that  exploring  and  designing  a  more  intelligent  fusion  model  incorporating  the  beneficial  characteristics  of  different  fusion  algorithms  are  challenging  and  have  a  certain  value  for  promoting  the  development  of  mechanical  fault  diagnosis  and  prediction.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  alan  s.  brown  as  anyone  who  ever  had  a  bearing  fail  knows,  durability  counts.  so,  imagine  the  reaction  of  bearing  engineers  and  tribologists  at  a  recent  bearing  world  conference  when  a  keynote  speaker  from  one  of  the  worlds  largest  bearing  makers  announced  that  predictability  is  more  important  than  longer  bearing  life.  the  researchers  in  the  audience  had  spent  years  modeling  the  interaction  of  moving  parts,  loads,  and  wear  to  model  bearing  lifespans,  keynoter  victoria  van  camp,  skf  groups  president  for  innovation  and  business  development,  recalled.  so,  what  if  we  could  combine  those  models  with  realtime  data  on  bearing  performance?
__label__machineconditionmonitoring she  asked.  it  would  be  difficult,  but  then  we  could  say,  i  know  for  a  fact  that  this  bearing  will  fail  next  week,  rather  than  say,  10  percent  of  these  bearings  will  fail  within  a  certain  timeframe.?  while  some  researchers  argued  that  this  was  impossible,  van  camp  was  adamant:  this  has  to  become  the  norm,  because  no  one  should  accept  a  failed  bearing  shutting  down  a  factory.  her  vision  goes  far  beyond  condition  monitoring  done  in  many  factories  today.  by  harnessing  the  iot  and  other  industry  4.0  technologieslowcost  sensors,  analytics,  and  machine  learningskf  and  its  competitors  want  to  catapult  one
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  worlds  oldest  mechanical  devices  into  the  digital  future.  in  fact,  bearings  are  emerging  as  a  poster  child  for  industry  4.0.  yet  this  heady  mixture  of  digital  technology  and  physical  products  is  also  disrupting  how  companies  monitor,  operate,  and  service  rotating  equipment;  the  way  they  sell  and  service  products;  and  who  they  partner  with  and  compete  against.  skf  has  embraced  this  disruption.  in  the  past,  the  company  sold  bearings,  lubricating  systems,  and  related  products.  it  also  provided  services  that  range  from  rebuilding  worn  and  damaged  bearings  to  monitoring  the  condition  of  several  million  bearings  around  the  world.  today,  skf
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  using  that  crucial  dataand  its  research  into  bearing  failureto  sell  reliable  rotation  as  a  service.  the  most  expensive  event  in  a  factory  is  when  a  bearing  fails  in  a  critical  machine  and  shuts  everything  down,  van  camp  explained.  by  turning  unexpected  failures  into  planned  maintenance,  van  camp  promises  to  lower  costs  and  boost  factory  output.  but  she  wants  a  share  of  those  additional  profits.  if  we  sell  bearings  as  pieces  of  steel,  its  hard  to  get  a  fair  share  of  their  value,  she  said.  instead,  we  want  to  pick  the  right  bearing  and  lubrication  system  for  each  application,  monitor
__label__machineconditionmonitoring them,  and  take  the  right  remedy  action  when  there  is  a  problem.  we  want  to  negotiate  key  performance  indicators  with  our  customers  and  get  paid  for  meeting  them.  this  is  the  business  model  that  our  company  is  betting  on,  van  camp  said.  skf  is  not  the  only  company  seeking  to  sell  mechanical  products  as  services.  rolls  royce  and  its  aircraft  engine  competitor,  general  electric,  get  paid  on  operating  time.  so,  do  companies  in  other  industries,  such  as  boeing,  valmet,  and  caterpillar.  yet  digital  disruption  slices  both  ways.  it  enables  skf  to  bind  itself  more  tightly  to  customers  but  exposes  it
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  moreand  sometimes  very  differentpartners  and  competitors.  how  did  bearings  become  the  spear  tip  of  the  ?  they  are,  after  all,  among  the  oldest  mechanical  devices.  bearings  were  used  in  hand  drills  in  ancient  egypt  and  revolving  tables  in  the  roman  empire.  today,  they  go  into  everything  from  pumps,  fans,  engines,  and  milling  machines  to  wind  turbines,  ore  crushers,  and  paper  manufacturing  machines.  they  get  their  name  from  bearing  the  load  of  a  rotating  shaft.  in  a  simple  bearing,  the  inner  ring  spins  with  the  shaft  and  transmits  its  load  through  rotating  balls  or  cylinders  to  an  anchored  outer  ring
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  takes  the  shafts  weight  and  torque.  industrial  bearings  are  custom  designed  for  each  application.  they  consist  of  hard,  finely  machined  metals  that  roll  easily  and  resist  wear,  elastomeric  seals  to  prevent  contamination,  and  lubricants  to  reduce  friction.  they  fail  in  many  ways.  sometimes,  they  are  damaged  often  with  a  hammer  or  misaligned  during  installation.  seals  get  punctured  or  eaten  away  by  chemicals.  operators  run  machines  too  fast  or  cut  an  alloy  or  crush  ore  with  different  hardnesses  or  chemical  compositions.  even  lubricant  can  be  an  enemy  if  operators  use  too  little,  too  much,  or  the  wrong  type.  before  they
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fail,  bearings  emit  cries  for  help.  each  mode  of  failure  has  a  distinct  sound.  by  listening  to  those  sounds  with  a  vibration  monitorwhile  monitoring  heat,  torque,  and  rotating  speedresearchers  can  estimate  how  long  a  bearing  has  left.  this  is  called  condition  monitoring.  first,  engineers  calculate  the  frequencies  to  watch  from  the  bearings  geometry.  then  they  try  to  isolate  those  frequencies  while  suppressing  the  noise  made  by  other  bearings  and  moving  parts  inside  a  machine.  a  large  paper  mill,  for  example,  might  have  hundreds  of  rotating  parts.  it  takes  a  combination  of  sensors  and  algorithms  to  get  it  right.  skf  got
__label__machineconditionmonitoring into  the  business  when  it  purchased  a  pioneer  in  the  field,  palomar  technology,  in  1989.  as  van  camp  noted,  it  now  monitors  millions  of  bearings.  yet  condition  monitoring  has  its  limits.  you  could  look  at  vibration  and  draw  conclusions  about  whether  to  stop  now  or  continue  to  operate,  but  you  couldnt  really  say  how  much  longer,  she  said.  to  do  that,  we  need  more  data  about  the  process.  for  example,  if  it  is  an  ore  crusher,  we  needed  to  know  what  type  of  rocks  they  were  crushing,  the  sizes  going  in  and  out,  and  the  loads.  for  a  paper  plant,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  needed  the  wood  content  and  its  flatness,  which  means  different  things  depending  on  the  process.  with  all  that  process  data,  we  can  start  making  accurate  predictions.  we  can  tell  a  miner  how  long  the  crusher  will  operate  or  to  crush  smaller  rocks  to  run  longer.  we  can  tell  how  long  a  cutting  machine  can  run  before  it  ruins  a  part,  she  added.  and  when  a  bearing  needs  replacement  or  maintenance,  we  can  tell  what  kind  of  maintenance  it  will  need  and  connect  back  to  our  supply  chain  to  have  those  parts  ready.  if  we  see  a  recurring  problem,  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring can  redesign  the  bearing  to  fix  it,  van  camp  said.  as  the  number  of  sensors  it  monitors  has  grown  larger,  skf  has  turned  to  to  find  hidden  patterns.  according  to  van  camp,  the  data  are  too  great  for  humans  to  discern  those  patterns.  machine  learning  does  that  well  and  comes  without  the  prejudices  of  engineers  who  look  for  problems  only  where  they  expect  to  see  them.  skf  provides  customers  with  software,  including  apps  that  help  install  and  analyze  bearings.  it  also  makes  portable  vibration  testers,  which  technicians  use  like  a  stethoscope  to  take  the  pulse  of  individual  machines  during  walkby
__label__machineconditionmonitoring inspections.  in  larger  factories,  embedded  sensors  eavesdrop  on  bearings  in  critical  machinery.  this  data  may  go  to  an  skf  monitoring  center  or  to  a  factorys  control  system.  weve  publicly  announced  a  partnership  with  honeywell,  but  we  work  with  several  other  main  control  system  players,  van  camp  said.  the  same  is  true  with  machine  makers,  who  also  want  to  offer  condition  monitoring  services.  where  we  fit  in  is  as  a  service  or  knowledge  partner  with  rotating  equipment,  she  said.  if  youre  producing  gear  boxes,  you  dont  have  to  be  a  bearing  expert.  leave  it  to  us.  we  work  to  build  our
__label__machineconditionmonitoring intelligence  into  their  software,  so  users  dont  have  10  different  screens  to  look  at.  in  exchange,  we  provide  the  bearings  and  the  maintenance  on  them,  and  they  do  the  services  theyre  good  at,  like  winding  motors  or  building  machines,  van  camp  said.  we  cannot  give  this  away  because  we  do  not  want  to  become  the  red  cross  for  bearings.  skf  is  not  the  only  company  trying  to  shake  up  the  industry.  schaeffler  group,  germanys  largest  bearing  maker,  recently  signed  a  deal  with  ibm  to  use  watson  technology  and  the  cloud  to  monitor  and  analyze  its  bearings  under  operating  conditions  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring opened  a  silicon  valley  research  center  to  tap  the  regions  disruptive  energy.  it  also  became  the  second  company,  after  skf,  to  embed  sensors  within  a  bearing.  this  is  an  impressive  achievement,  since  the  chipbased  sensors  must  retain  power  and  function  flawlessly  for  years  inside  a  dirty  and  aggressive  environment.  the  payoff  is  greater  accuracy  and  better  predictions.  other  large  producers  of  industrial  bearings  are  following  the  same  path.  surprisingly,  so  is  germanys  igus,  a  producer  of  selflubricating  plastic  bearings  used  in  applications  with  lower  loads.  you  dont  need  to  have  a  complicated  system  of  electronics  to  monitor  our  bearings,  said
__label__machineconditionmonitoring richard  habering,  who  heads  the  companys  new  smart  plastics  division.  one  way  is  to  measure  the  thickness  of  a  bearing  wall.  another  is  to  embed  a  wire  in  a  bearing;  when  enough  of  the  bearing  wears  away,  the  wire  closes  a  circuit  that  sends  a  warning.  in  most  of  our  bearings,  the  gliding  part  is  changeable,  habering  said.  if  you  wait  too  long,  you  can  destroy  the  shaft  and  the  bearing.  but  do  it  too  early  and  you  lose  money  by  replacing  a  bearing  that  could  run  longer.  in  addition  to  traditional  competitors,  skfs  digital  journey  has  put  in  competition
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  traditional  control  system  companies,  such  as  emerson  electric.  like  skf,  emerson  also  bought  a  condition  monitoring  company,  computer  systems  inc.,  in  1995.  the  two  competitors,  however,  have  very  different  value  propositions.  instead  of  the  bearing  level,  were  looking  at  the  facility  level,  said  jacob  swafford,  emersons  senior  manager  of  sales  development.  our  focus  is  much  broader.  skf  has  strong  analytics,  he  explained.  but  it  can  also  pull  a  bearing  out  of  a  machine,  determine  the  root  cause  of  failure,  recommend  improvements,  and  repair  or  replace  the  bearing.  i  could  argue  that  our  technology  is  just  as  deep  or  deeper,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  we  chose  to  go  the  other  way,  he  said.  we  look  at  things  more  holistically.  emersons  goal  is  to  aggregate  data  from  bearingsand  other  machines  and  componentsrun  highlevel  analytics  on  it,  and  help  customers  use  that  information  to  make  step  changes  in  plant  operations  and  productivity.  honeywell  has  both  large  and  small  customers.  while  many  large  facilities  take  condition  monitoring  seriously,  many  smaller  facilities  often  seek  help  only  after  a  machine  failure  hurts  their  business.  digital  technology,  and  especially  the  mad  scramble  to  plug  into  the  iot,  also  brings  out  some  unexpected  partners  and  competitors.  one  is  ntt  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring services,  a  22  billion  subsidiary  of  the  japanese  telecommunications  giant  nippon  telegraph  telephone  ntt.  so,  how  much  does  ntt  know  about  running  a  factory?  data  centers  are  an  amazing  example  of  monitoring  and  controlling  physical  assets,  said  siddharth  sharma,  vice  president  of  industry  solutions  for  ntts  manufacturing  team.  in  addition  to  standalone  data  centers,  the  company  operates  factory  it  systems  around  the  world,  and  is  on  70  percent  of  the  shop  floors  in  japan.  branching  into  the  industrial  iot  is  a  logical  extension  of  that  business.  sharma  makes  a  strong  case.  his  team  consists  of  experienced  factory  it  engineers  who
__label__machineconditionmonitoring understand  how  to  collaborate  with  customers  on  instrumenting  bearings  and  machinery.  ntt  develops  its  own  machine  learning  algorithms  and  builds  several  types  of  factory  sensors.  like  emerson,  it  understands  how  to  aggregate  data  to  provide  its  own  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  in  fact,  sharma  said  the  company  is  considering  building  command  centers  for  the  likes  of  john  deere.  and  it  has  vast  experience  integrating  factory  data  into  control  systems  and  corporate  enterprise  software,  such  as  sap.  yet,  even  as  digital  technologies  are  turning  the  factory  floor  into  a  freeforall  of  competing  technologies,  bearing  manufacturersand  companies  like  themhave  a  key  advantage.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  have  built  them,  pulled  them  apart,  and  analyzed  how  and  why  they  fail.  software  that  embeds  that  knowledge  and  makes  it  easy  for  companies  to  access  gives  them  an  edge.  as  van  camp  noted,  data  analysis  and  visualization  and  the  ability  to  draw  conclusions  and  to  take  the  right  remedy  action  is  where  skf  is  unique  and  provide  real  value  to  customers.  me  alan  s.  brown  is  a  senior  editor  at  mechanical  engineering  magazine.  the  latest  issue  of  the  mechanical  engineering  magazine  .  tags  the  american  society  of  mechanical  engineers  asme  membership  1  year  has  been  added  to  your
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  wearables  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  may  give  the  impression  that  its  all  about  the  sensors,  hardware,  communication  middleware,  network  and  data  but  the  real  value  and  company  valuation  is  in  insights.  in  this  article,  we  explore  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  machine  learning  that  are  becoming  indispensable  tools  for  insights,  views  on  ai,  and  a  practical  playbook  on  how  to  make  ai  part  of  your  organizations  core,  defensible  strategy.  before  we  proceed,  lets  first  define  the  terms.  otherwise,  we  risk  commingling  marketing  terms  like  big  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  not  addressing  the  actual  fields.  artificial  intelligence:  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  is  the  study  and  design  of  intelligent  agents  able  to  perform  tasks  that  require  human  intelligence,  such  as  visual  perception,  speech  recognition,  and  decisionmaking.  in  order  to  pass  the  ,  intelligence  must  be  able  to  reason,  represent  knowledge,  plan,  learn,  communicate  in  natural  language  and  integrate  all  these  skills  towards  a  common  goal.  machine  learning:  the  subfield  of  machine  learning  grew  out  of  the  effort  of  building  artificial  intelligence.  under  the  learning  trait  of  ai,  machine  learning  is  the  subfield  that  learns  and  adapts  automatically  through  experience.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  focuses  on  prediction,  based  on  known  properties  learned  from  the  training  data.  the  origin  of  machine  learning  can  be  traced  back  to  the  development  of  neural  network  model  and  later  to  the  decision  tree  method.  supervised  and  unsupervised  learning  algorithms  are  used  to  predict  the  outcome  based  on  the  data.  data  mining:  the  field  of  data  mining  grew  out  of  knowledge  discovery  in  databases  kdd,  where  data  mining  represents  the  analysis  step  of  the  kdd  process.  data  mining  focuses  on  the  discovery  of  previously  unknown  properties  in  the  data.  it  originated  from  research  on  efficient  algorithm  for  mining  association
__label__machineconditionmonitoring rules  in  large  databases,  which  then  spurred  other  research  on  discovering  patterns  and  more  efficient  mining  algorithms.  machine  learning  and  data  mining  overlap  in  many  ways.  data  mining  uses  many  machine  learning  methods,  but  often  with  a  slightly  different  goal  in  mind.  the  difference  between  machine  learning  and  data  mining  is  that  in  machine  learning,  performance  is  usually  evaluated  with  respect  to  the  ability  to  reproduce  known  knowledge  while  in  kdd  the  key  task  is  the  discovery  of  previously  unknown  knowledge.  unlike  machine  learning,  in  kdd,  supervised  methods  cannot  be  used  due  to  the  unavailability  of  training  data.  a  space
__label__machineconditionmonitoring odyssey  her  the  machine  many  futurists  have  speculated  about  the  future  of  artificial  intelligence  that  could  rival  or  exceed  human  intelligence.  one  of  those  futurists  is  ray  kurzweil,  a  recipient  of  the  prestigious  national  medal  of  technology  and  innovation  honor.  in  the  singularity  is  near,  kurzweil  elaborates  on  the  singularity  hypothesis.  kurzweil  predicts  that  accelerating  progress  in  technologies  will  cause  a  runaway  effect  wherein  artificial  intelligence  will  exceed  human  intellectual  capacity  and  control,  thus  radically  changing  or  even  ending  civilization  in  an  event  called  the  singularity.  during  this  period,  he  predicts  human  life  will  be  irreversibly  transformed  and  humans  will
__label__machineconditionmonitoring transcend  the  limitations  of  our  biological  bodies  and  brain.  in  regards  to  feasibility,  microsoft  cofounder  paul  allen  believes  that  such  intelligence  is  unlikely  in  this  century  because  it  would  require  unforeseeable  and  fundamentally  unpredictable  breakthroughs  and  a  scientifically  deep  understanding  of  cognition.  roboticist  alan  winfield  claims  the  gap  between  modern  computing  and  humanlevel  artificial  intelligence  is  as  wide  as  the  gulf  as  that  between  current  space  flight  and  practical  faster  than  light  space  flight.  neuroscientist  david  j.  linden  writes  that,  kurzweil  is  conflating  biological  data  collection  with  biological  insight.  he  feels  that  data  collection  might  be  growing  exponentially,  but  insight
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  increasing  only  linearly.  agi  or  strong  ai  is  defined  as  the  intelligence  of  a  machine  that  could  successfully  perform  any  intellectual  task  that  a  human  being  can.  for  practical  wearables  and  iot  implementations,  we  are  working  with  weak  ai,  which  studies  a  specific  problem  solving  or  reasoning  tasks  and  does  not  attempt  to  simulate  the  full  range  of  human  cognitive  abilities.  there  are  ai  applications  that  exhibit  capabilities  such  as  visual  perception,  speech  recognition,  and  decisionmaking,  but  none  at  human  levels.  the  chasm  from  stitching  subsystems,  bottomup  to  fully  intelligent  machines  is  galaxies  wide.  google  x  recently  announced  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring they  are  researching  the  use  of  nanoparticles.  released  into  the  bloodstream  via  a  swallowed  pill,  nanoparticles  can  proactively  detect  and  diagnose  diseases,  cancers,  impending  heart  attacks  or  strokes  based  on  changes  to  the  persons  biochemistry,  at  the  molecular  and  cellular  level.  the  patient  can  then  use  a  wearable  wristband  to  view  readings  of  the  nanoparticles.  google  aims  to  use  nanoparticles  to  clump  around  a  cancerous  cell  or  identify  fatty  plaques  in  the  lining  of  blood  vessels  about  to  break  free,  potentially  causing  a  heart  attack  or  stroke.  after  incubating  a  biofluid  sample  using  their  nanoscale  unbiased  textured  capture  nutec  process
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  capture  molecules,  entopsis  applies  its  signature  analysis  based  on  machine  learning  algorithms  to  analyze  the  molecular  signature  on  a  nutec  glass.  the  scanned  signatures  are  then  uploaded  to  the  cloud  to  run  signature  comparison  against  others  in  the  database  to  find  similar  profiles.  1.  get  clarity  on  the  business  problem  that  you  are  trying  to  solve.  as  a  senior  executive,  you  shouldnt  be  trying  to  figure  out  which  ai  or  machine  learning  approach  to  apply  but  rather  to  determine  what  are  the  actionable  insights  that  will  make  your  offering  defensible  in  the  marketplace.  for  google  it  meant  better  search
__label__machineconditionmonitoring results.  2.  familiarize  yourself  so  that  you  can  competently  evangelize  the  value  of  ai  within  your  organization.  remember,  youre  not  trying  to  become  an  ai  expert  but  to  have  a  reasonable  understanding  of  ai  and  machine  learning  concepts.for  an  introductory  overview,  consider  these  resources:  artificial  intelligence:  a  modern  approach  machine  learning  for  more  indepth,  search  for  specialized  books  that  cover  machine  learning,  natural  language  processing,  robotics,  computer  vision,  neuroscience,  probabilistic  reasoning/  programming,  logic,  bioinformatics,  etc.  3.  recognize  challenges  and  limitations.  as  alluded  in  the  beginning  of  the  article,  we  are  far  from  reaching  strong  ai.  that  means  that  business  expectations
__label__machineconditionmonitoring have  to  recognize  the  limitations  of  ai  applications.  4.  partner  with  ai  research  institutions.  mit  csail,  stanford  sail,  carnegie  mellon,  uc  berkeley,  university  of  toronto,  university  of  washington,  to  name  just  a  few,  are  the  worlds  most  renowned  institutions  for  ai  research.  leverage  their  expertise  by  partnering  with  them  on  your  next  ai  project.  5.  hire  the  right  talent.  to  do  it  right,  your  organization  has  to  commit  to  building  the  right  team.  for  instance,  adding  to  googles  already  deep  ai  bench,  google  hired  futurist  ray  kurzweil  in  2012  as  the  director  of  engineering  to  oversee  googles  most  forwardleaning  ideas.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 6.  start  experimenting.  get  your  team  to  start  experimenting  with  open  source  code  and  libraries  on  and  other  sources.  its  easy  to  get  caught  up  on  the  wearable  and  the  internet  of  things  sensors,  hardware  and  communication  protocols  but  the  key  differentiator  to  your  solution  will  be  the  actionable  intelligence  that  it  derives  from  data.  scott  amyx  is  founder  and  ceo  of  the  wearables  digital  agencyamyxmckinsey.  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  aeon  flux  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  visit  wired  photo  for  our  unfiltered  take  on  photography,  photographers,  and  photographic  journalism  cnmn  collection
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 2018  cond  nast.  all  rights  reserved.  use  of  and/or  registration  on  any  portion  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  updated  5/25/18  and  updated  5/25/18.  .  the  material  on  this  site  may  not  be  reproduced,  distributed,  transmitted,  cached  or  otherwise  used,  except  with  the  prior  written  permission  of  cond  nast.  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  phrase  in  the  limelight.  the  concept  of  iot  is  extremely  appealing,  in  all  forms,  to  commercial  industry.  the  technology  of  iot  has  been  implemented  in  various  industries  globally  and  it  is  finally  approaching  the  rotating  equipment  industry.  to  fully  explain  and  understand  how  iot  technology  can  be  implemented  to  increase  mechanical  seal  reliability,  a  description  of  maintenance  philosophies  is  needed.  there  are  three  main  types  of  maintenance  philosophies  in  industry  today:  reactive,  preventative  and  predictive.  currently  in  the  pump  industry,  and  more  specifically  with  mechanical  seals,  most  of  the  maintenance  is  either  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  reactive  or  preventative  ideologies.  this  is  where  the  current  model  of  iot  comes  into  play.  iot  is  a  powerful  tool  that  will  enable  the  industry  to  progress  to  a  predictive  maintenance  model.  this  is  accomplished  by  using  advanced  technology  in  several  key  areas  such  as  device  connectivity,  data  storage  and  cuttingedge  analytics.  reactive  maintenance,  at  first  glance,  seems  like  a  great  idea.  the  old  saying  if  it  aint  broke  dont  fix  it  comes  to  mind  when  thinking  about  this  maintenance  strategy.  the  main  practice  of  this  maintenance  strategy  is  that  users  do  not  replace  equipment  until  it  is  damaged
__label__machineconditionmonitoring or  broken.  this  practice  creates  an  environment  where  a  failure  of  the  mechanical  seal  can  result  in  secondary  damages  to  the  pump  and  support  systems,  resulting  in  an  unplanned  shutdown  of  the  equipment.  this  forced  shutdown  can  create  lessthanideal  situations  for  the  teams  in  charge  of  the  equipment.  an  example  is  a  mechanical  seal  damaged  beyond  simple  repair  that  now  allows  dangerous  process  fluids  to  leak  to  the  environment.  after  decades  of  implementing  this  maintenance  strategy  and  gaining  better  insight  into  industrial  equipment,  most  modern  facilities  shifted  to  a  maintenance  philosophy  that  is  preventative  rather  than  reactive.  this  is  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance  model  currently  deployed  by  the  majority  of  the  industrial  world.  the  idea  behind  preventative  maintenance  is  that  instead  of  running  equipment  until  a  component  fails  or  breaks,  it  runs  until  wear  parts  need  replacing.  a  great  example  of  a  component  in  rotating  equipment  that  fails  first  is  the  mechanical  seal.  depending  on  the  type  of  mechanical  seal  used  on  the  equipment,  a  slight  misalignment  can  have  harmful  effects  on  seal  life.  an  example  is  when  the  end  user  knows  the  mechanical  seals  in  a  given  application  typically  fail  within  two  years.  in  an  effort  to  avoid  unplanned  downtime,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance  engineer  establishes  a  schedule  to  replace  the  mechanical  seals,  and  potentially  other  components,  within  this  twoyear  time  frame  during  a  planned  shutdown.  a  potential  downside  to  this  maintenance  philosophy  is  that  the  mechanical  seal  that  was  replaced  may  have  had  significantly  more  life  left  at  the  time  it  was  removed.  and  it  may  also  be  that,  for  whatever  reason,  it  could  not  reach  the  expected  life  and  failed  prematurely  causing  an  unplanned  shutdown.  the  assumption  that  a  wear  component  will  have  exactly  the  same  usable  life  every  time  it  is  installed  presents  shortcomings.  what  if  the  industry  had  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring method  to  indicate  that  the  seal  can  run  for  four  years  before  it  breaks?  what  if  there  was  a  way  to  know  exactly  when  the  seal  will  fail?  predictive  maintenance  built  on  iot  addresses  these  questions  and  offers  the  next  step  in  maintenance  strategies  for  mechanical  seals  and  other  pieces  of  rotating  equipment.  a  predictive  maintenance  model  is  based  around  the  knowledge  of  when  and  why  a  part  is  going  to  fail.  a  key  requirement  is  the  understanding  of  the  condition  of  a  particular  asset,  known  as  conditionbased  monitoring  cbm.  unlike  preventative  maintenance  in  which  equipment  is  replaced  at  predetermined
__label__machineconditionmonitoring times,  a  predictive  strategy  allows  for  a  deeper  understanding  of  how  the  equipment  is  running,  its  operating  conditions  and  ways  to  improve  the  process  to  avoid  past  failure  modes.  predictive  maintenance  can  help  with  the  ordering  of  spare  parts  for  planned  downtimes,  creating  safer  working  environments  and  increasing  the  overall  lifetime  of  the  equipment.  giving  insight  into  when  to  schedule  planned  downtimes  is  a  major  benefit  of  predictive  maintenance.  planned  downtimes,  compared  to  unplanned  failures  or  accidents,  are  much  more  efficient  and  cost  effective.  insight  gained  by  predicting  what  resources  will  be  needed  at  certain  planned  downtimes  streamlines  the  ordering
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  spare  parts.  the  increased  safety  due  to  lower  rates  of  failures  or  accidents  is  another  plus  for  this  maintenance  strategy.  the  numerous  advantages  of  this  maintenance  strategy  are  what  make  this  the  appealing  goal  for  most  of  the  industrial  world  today.  with  the  help  of  iot,  predictive  maintenance  can  become  a  reality.  iot  is  a  tool  with  advancing  capabilities  in  the  realms  of  device  connectivity,  data  collection,  data  storage,  data  protection  and  advanced  large  data  analytics.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring search  by  ,  thoughtprovoking  commentary  on  technologies  that  are  changing  the  way  mankind  does  things.  heres  a  scenario  for  you:  its  been  a  while  since  youve  done  your  laundry;  the  stuff  is  piling  up  and  threatening  to  take  over.  so,  reluctantly,  you  decide  to  take  the  bull  by  the  hornsyou  load  the  machine.  however,  despite  knowing  that  you  shouldnt,  you  stuff  the  thing  as  full  as  you  can  get  it.  just  an  extra  towel  wont  be  a  problem,  right?  well,  as  we  all  have  experienced,  the  machine  takes  umbrage  and  starts  thumping  and  knocking  in  the  spin  cycle.  that  extra
__label__machineconditionmonitoring weight  has  unbalanced  the  contraption,  and  the  thumping  noise  that  you  hear  is  actually  telling  you  that  theres  a  problem  with  the  machine.  startup  .  it  reckons  that  machine  noise  can  be  harnessed  and  used  to  diagnose  problems.  so  the  company  is  developing  a  mobile  phonebased  solution  that  automatically  diagnoses  machines  based  on  the  sounds  they  make.  augury  thinks  sensors  placed  on  machines  can  provide  a  headsup  on  malfunctions  if  you  know  what  the  machine  is  supposed  to  sound  like.  sound  anomalies  can  indicate  issues.  augurys  system  connects  ultrasonic  and  vibration  sensors  to  smartphones,  measures  the  sounds,  and  processes  them
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  machine  learning  algorithms.  every  mechanical  system  can  be  characterized  by  the  sound  that  it  makes.  machines  talk  and  we  understand  their  language,  the  company  says.  ultrasonic  and  vibration  sensors  are  already  used  in  predictive  maintenance,  but  where  this  system  takes  it  a  step  further  is  that  its  internet  and  algorithmbased.  the  data  is  sent  to  servers  where  it  is  compared  with  previous  data  collected  from  that  machine,  as  well  as  data  collected  from  similar  machines,  the  company  says  on  its  website.  the  platform  then  detects  changes.  this  analysis  is  done  in  realtime  and  the  results  are  displayed  on  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technicians  smartphone  within  seconds,  it  says.  the  key  to  it  all  working  properly  is  the  algorithms.  recordings  are  stored  on  the  companys  servers  and  should  get  smarter  and  grow  stronger  as  the  servers  receive  more  information.  if  the  platform  finds  out  about  a  new  kind  of  malfunction,  it  studies  it  and  adds  it  to  the  system.  augury  uses  a  small,  portable  sampling  device  at  the  site  of  the  equipment.  an  ios  app  or  web  dashboard  displays  the  results.  sampling  devices  can  be  moved  from  machinetomachine  and  the  ios  app  helps  the  technician  with  sensor  placement.  after  placing  the  sensor,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring technician  can  invoke  the  sound  recording,  after  which  it  analyzes  the  recording  and  displays  the  results.  the  app  also  suggests  a  treatment  if  it  finds  a  problem.  in  my  case,  i  would  need  more  of  a  reprimand.  something  like  remove  the  extra  towel,  and  dont  be  so  lazy  next  time  would  probably  work.  but,  for  our  purposes,  where  this  really  gets  interesting  is  in  consumerlevel  iot  possibilities.  if  smart  appliances  will  be  already  connected  to  the  internet,  it  wouldnt  be  that  hard  to  add  an  acoustic  element,  coupled  with  the  existing  augury  algorithms.  that  way,  any  iot  domestic  appliance  gains
__label__machineconditionmonitoring bonus  preventative  maintenance  for  not  much  additional  work.  its  just  one  more  sensor.  patrick  nelson  was  editor  and  publisher  of  the  music  industry  trade  publication  producer  report  and  has  written  for  a  number  of  technology  blogs.  nelson  wrote  the  cultclassic  novel  sprawlism.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__machineconditionmonitoring search  by  ,  thoughtprovoking  commentary  on  technologies  that  are  changing  the  way  mankind  does  things.  production  downtimes  days  are  limited  thanks  to  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iot.  machineembedded,  networkconnected  sensors  along  with  the  collection  of  massive  amounts  of  data  will  allow  for  selfhealing  manufacturing,  scientists  say.  thats  the  concept  behind  an  enthusiastic  research  project  called  selsus  currently  being  explored  by  multiple  european  academic  institutions  and  manufacturers,  including  ford.  the  idea  that  the  team  proposes  is  to  not  just  detect  weaknesses  during  production,  but  to  also  fix  the  potential  issues  automatically  through  a  kind  of  mathematically  calculated  selfhealing.  the  scientists
__label__machineconditionmonitoring say  diagnostics  should  supply  recommendations  before  a  piece  of  equipment  has  failed.  that  selfhealing  aspect  would  take  equipment  monitoring  to  the  next  level.  the  aim  is  not  just  to  monitor  the  status  of  the  machines  and  components,  says  martin  kasperczyk  of  germanys  fraunhofer  institute  for  manufacturing  engineering  and  automation  ipa,  one  of  the  participating  organizations,  .  the  plan  is  to  detect  potential  weak  points  or  signs  of  wear  and  tear  early  enough  for  the  system  to  be  able  to  predict  potential  malfunctions.  it  should  also  correct  the  defects,  too,  in  some  cases.  the  team  has  already  gotten  some  of  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  work.  with  one  of  the  eufunded  research  partners  systems  a  robotic  arm  for  engine  production  the  device  will  selfheal  when  it  starts  to  fail.  if  it  were  to  detect  resistance,  for  example,  it  would  backoff  rather  than  snap,  the  researchers  explain.  the  system  can  also  calculate  the  probability  of  a  stressed  cable  breaking  under  load.  mathematical  models  called  bayesian  networks  that  compute  probabilities  are  behind  the  networked  sensordriven  tech  used.  it,  along  with  learning  software  that  analyzes  how  the  machine  should  run  compared  to  how  it  is  actually  running,  is  part  of  the  algorithm  makeup.  it  hasnt  been  easy,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring though.  you  dont  get  there  just  by  programming  a  couple  of  algorithms,  kasperczyk  says.  model  data  is  captured  during  machine  setup  and  also  in  a  test  under  load.  its  then  compared  to  actual  running  conditions,  along  with  an  alert  to  human  machine  operators.  the  major  challenge  is  building  up  the  models  both  for  decision  making  and  simulation  in  a  way  that  they  reflect  the  real  manufacturing  environment,  says  fraunhofer  ipas  michael  kempf  on  .  ive  written  about  other  kinds  of  iot  machinefailure  sensing  before.  .  ultrasonic  and  vibrationsampling  sensors,  along  with  algorithms,  can  advise  operators  that  theres  trouble  ahead  based
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  the  noises  the  machine  makes  it  wont  sound  right  if  theres  an  anomaly.  one  of  the  players  in  the  selsus  health  monitoring  and  lifelong  capability  management  for  selfsustaining  manufacturing  systems  project  is  swedish  home  appliance  maker  electrolux.  it  wants  a  decisionsupport  system  to  predict  failures  in  its  laundry  washing  machine  manufacturing  plant.  sensors  monitor  excessive  power  use,  heat  generated  and  machine  oil  usage.  they  are  all  indicators  of  trouble.  the  number  crunching  provided  by  the  selsus  project  should  ultimately  keep  the  plant  running  all  of  the  time.  often  the  problem  is  only  a  small  defect  or  normal  wear  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tear.  however,  if  left  undetected,  these  can  lead  to  major  disruptions  and  production  downtimes,  selsus  researchers  say.  patrick  nelson  was  editor  and  publisher  of  the  music  industry  trade  publication  producer  report  and  has  written  for  a  number  of  technology  blogs.  nelson  wrote  the  cultclassic  novel  sprawlism.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  continuing  to  use  this  site,  without  changing  your  cookie  settings,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  enabling  us  to  produce  visitor  statistics.  growing  numbers  of  companies  are  using  the  potential  of  iot  and  big  data  to  anticipate  wear  and  tear  and  mechanical  malfunction  of  their  equipment.  this  predictive  maintenance  process  is  becoming  increasingly  accurate  thanks  to  machine  learning  capabilities.  whether  for  controlling  machines  remotely,  monitoring  their  operation  or  simulating  production  processes,  many  manufacturers  are  now  turning  to  the  iot.  already  an  indispensable  technology  in  industry  4.0,  iot  enables  communication  with  a  great  variety  of  objects,  from  forklift  trucks
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  chemical  sensors.  the  installation  of  connected  sensors  in  an  analytical  program  enables  the  constant  monitoring  of  a  component,  a  piece  of  machinery  or  a  system.  how?  in  various  ways,  including  measuring  temperature  through  infrared  images,  airflow  pressure,  or  vibration  frequency.  the  data  collected  by  these  sensors  is  analyzed  to  define  a  machines  standard  operation.  an  anomaly  is  detected  by  comparison  with  the  benchmark  operation.  if  an  anomaly  is  detected,  the  maintenance  agents  are  alerted  and  as  such  can  possibly  intervene  before  the  machine  breaks  down.  to  boost  their  ability  to  anticipate  wear  and  tear,  more  and  more  companies  are
__label__machineconditionmonitoring now  using  the  combined  potential  of  iot  and  big  data.  for  companies  because  equipment  outages  are  expensive  the  key  points  are  realtime  monitoring  of  machine  performance  and  significant  savings.  a  survey  conducted  in  three  european  countries  and  the  united  states  in  2017  showed  that  70  of  450  it  decisionmakers  and  onsite  service  managers  do  not  know  exactly  when  their  equipment  needs  to  be  maintained  or  upgraded.  forty  six  percent  of  their  machines  unplanned  outages  are  due  to  component  failures.  and  what  are  the  consequences?  unexpected  shutdowns,  lasting  4  hours  and  costing  2  million  dollars  on  average,  had  a  significant  impact
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  production,  it  and  customer  services.  predictive  maintenance,  the  spearhead  of  the  connected  plant  for  detecting  potential  equipment  malfunctions  on  assembly  lines,  is  now  being  used  in  all  spheres  of  activity.  for  example,  elevator  manufacturer  kone  has  set  up  a  partnership  with  ibm  to  fit  its  elevators  with  sensors  to  detect  and  anticipate  malfunctions.  operating  data,  stored  on  ibm  cloud  servers,  are  processed  by  the  cognitive  informatics  of  an  artificial  intelligence  program  called  watson.  meanwhile,  aeronautical  subcontractor  figeac  aero  has  been  deploying  predictive  maintenance  for  the  last  five  years  on  a  specific  area  of  data  received  from  its  manufacturing  equipment:
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tool  vibrations,  geometric  defects,  and  clamping  strength.  this  has  resulted  in  the  prevention  of  40  of  malfunctions.  over  time,  algorithms  can  be  used  to  create  malfunction  flowcharts  based  on  fault  logs.  these  models  help  recognize  and  then  predict  potential  future  malfunctions.  machine  learning  technologies  will  progressively  enrich  these  models  to  enhance  reliability  and  detect  all  types  of  faults  earlier  and  earlier.  whats  more,  this  ability  to  anticipate  has  a  clear  financial  impact:  on  the  allocation  of  technical  resources  and  on  crisis  management  costs  if  a  problem  arises  all  representing  costs  for  our  corporate  clients.  with  the  advent  of  automatization  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring network  operation  and  the  installation  of  application  programming  interfaces  api  on  sensor  systems,  the  operational  gains  could  potentially  be  even  more  significant  for  orange  than  for  our  customers.  these  sensors  being  deployed  on  the  france  mobile  network,  orange  will  soon  be  able  to  correlate  data  transversally  and  endtoend.  this  is  becoming  indispensable  to  optimize  analysis  of  how  we  handle  very  complex  incidents  because  the  network  densification  sometimes  makes  it  difficult  to  pinpoint  the  incident.  all  our  subsidiaries  with  a  mobile  network  can  benefit  from  this  system  of  sensors,  and  we  also  provide  support  for  its  installation  and  operation.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring mark  armstrong,  managing  director  and  vicepresident  international  operations,  emea  apj  at  ,  the  author  of  this  blog  ismark  armstrong,  managing  director  and  vicepresident  international  operations,  emea  apj  at  progress  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  department  of  health  and  human  development,  stefan  cel  mare  university,  suceava  720229,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  department  of  ece,  karunya  institute  of  technology  and  sciences,  coimbatore,  tamilnadu  641114,  india  division  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  science,  ton  duc  thang  university,  ho  chi  minh  city  700000,  vietnam  faculty  of  information  technology,  ton  duc  thang  university,  ho  chi  minh  city  700000,  vietnam  this  paper  presents  a  system  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  heart  activity  parameters  using  electrocardiography  ecg  mobile  devices  and  a  wearable  heart  monitoring  inductive  sensor  whmis  that  represents  a  new  method  and  device,  developed  by  us  as  an  experimental  model,  used  to  assess  the  mechanical  activity  of  the  hearth  using  inductive  sensors  that  are  inserted  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes.  only  one  inductive  sensor  is  incorporated  in  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex
__label__machineconditionmonitoring area  and  it  is  able  to  assess  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  while  in  the  prior  of  the  art  are  presented  methods  that  predict  sensors  arrays  which  are  distributed  in  more  places  of  the  body.  the  parameters  that  are  assessed  are  heart  datarate  and  respiration.  the  results  are  considered  preliminary  in  order  to  prove  the  feasibility  of  this  method.  the  main  goal  of  the  study  is  to  extract  the  respiration  and  the  datarate  parameters  from  the  same  output  signal  generated  by  the  inductancetonumber  convertor  using  a  proper  algorithm.  the  conceived  device  is  meant  to  be  part  of  the  wear  and  forget  equipment
__label__machineconditionmonitoring dedicated  to  monitoring  the  vital  signs  continuously.  nowadays,  the  internet  of  things  iot  through  which  a  network  of  smart  objects  work  together  in  collecting  and  analyzing  big  collections  of  data  and  autonomously  perform  actions  is  becoming  real,  thanks  to  the  machinetomachine  m2m  technology  .  globally,  m2m  connections  will  grow  nearly  threefold,  from  4.9  billion  in  2015  to  12.2  billion  by  2020,  accounting  for  nearly  half  46  of  all  connected  devices,  including  medical  devices.  for  2020,  the  installed  base  of  internet  of  things  devices  is  forecast  to  grow  to  almost  31  billion  worldwide  .  the  medical  area  will  grow  fivefold,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fastest,  from  144  million  connections  in  2015  to  729  million  in  2020  .  there  are  many  applications  of  iot  in  medicine,  including  in  electrocardiography  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  chronic  disease  management  is  important  for  the  selfmanagement  of  health  and  the  iot  concept  plays  a  significant  role.  personal  medical  devices  need  two  features:  applications  that  use  network  protocols  and  intelligent  services  to  achieve  them.  however,  most  have  only  one  function:  to  indicate  data  and  save  them  temporarily.  this  paper  suggests  a  smart  health  service  model  that  gives  a  concrete
__label__machineconditionmonitoring response  to  an  individual.  to  do  this,  we  have  introduced  a  collaborative  protocol  that  transfers  risk  factors  between  iot  and  personal  medical  devices.  ubiquitous  health  uh  is  a  model  where  individual  medical  data  were  measured  by  ubiquitous  uhd  personal  medical  devices,  then  sent  to  a  dedicated  server  to  provide  answers  to  medical  staff  and  patients.  the  intelligent  clothes  represent  a  paradigm  that  gains  a  large  area  in  peoples  life.  the  technological  progress  determines  an  easy  implementation  of  models  in  wearable  devices,  the  wearability  being  a  needed  feature  of  intelligent  clothes  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ,  .  smart  textiles  are  defined  as  textile  products,  such  as  fibers,  filaments,  and  yarns  together  with  woven,  knitted  or  nonwoven  structures,  which  can  interact  with  the  environment/user  .  this  interaction  implies  changes  in  certain  values  of  electric  or  electromagnetic  fields  modifying  the  values  of  physical  parameters  such  as  resistances,  capacitances,  and  inductances.  we  can  talk  about  capacitive  smart  textiles  by  applying  conductive  paint  on  a  fabric  in  a  configuration  of  capacitor  electrodes  ,  ,  ,  the  capacitances  values  being  determined  by  a  relative  position  of  an  object  related  to  the  surface  of  the  electrodes.  the  smart  textile  concepts  imply
__label__machineconditionmonitoring two  directions  of  development:  implementing  of  passive  components  like  resistors  by  conductive  tissues,  inductances  by  coil  shape,  and  capacitive,  but  also,  we  should  take  into  account  the  possibility  to  implement  active  components  like  transistors.  in  this  case,  we  can  imagine  a  configuration  of  the  circuits  distributed  on  the  surface  and  in  the  volume  of  the  clothes.  a  capacitive  sensorial  structure  was  conceived  in  order  to  detect  the  rollpitchyaw  rotations  of  the  neck  and  hands.  the  capacitive  sensor  was  positioned  on  the  collar  and  on  the  sleeves  of  the  clothes  and  an  accelerometric  sensor  was  dedicated  to  determining  the  neck  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring trunk  movements.  the  accelerometric  sensor  is  placed  on  the  collar,  in  the  cervical  zone,  close  to  the  capacitive  sensors  .  an  inductive  proximity  sensor  is  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  mechanical  heart  activity  by  inserting  a  planar  inductive  sensor  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex  zone.  the  displacements  of  the  chest  tissues  during  systole  and  diastole  phases  are  seen  as  inductive  changing  values  that  are  converted  into  digital  numbers.  the  paper  presents  an  ecg  electrocardiographybased  monitoring  system  using  an  acquisition  device  of  the  ecg  signals  to  which  electrodes  are  attached  using  wires  that  will  be  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring contact  with  the  patients  skin  over  the  sampling  period  and  also  an  accelerometer  device.  this  system  supports  the  following  functions:  ecg  signal  acquisition,  heart  rate  monitor,  respiration  rate  measurement  based  on  impedance  pneumography  see  .  the  device  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  heart  activity  consists  of  a  planar  inductive  sensor  that  is  inserted  in  the  fabric  and  is  connected  to  a  ldc  circuit  inductive  to  digital  convertor,  of  a  microcontroller  that  gathers  the  inductive  data  and  sends  them  by  an  rf  module  to  a  server.  one  inductive  sensor  only  is  incorporated  in  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex  area  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  is  able  to  assess  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  while  in  the  prior  of  the  art  are  presented  methods  that  predict  sensors  arrays  which  are  distributed  in  more  places  of  the  body.  smart  clothing  for  electrocardiography  ecg  .  the  heart  activity  monitoring  using  wearable  biosensors  has  as  a  goal  the  continuous  assessment  of  cardiovascular  parameters  ,  ,  .  an  advanced  photoplethysmographic  technique  is  presented  in  .  this  technique  adopts  as  a  monitoring  device  a  ring  that  incorporates  a  sensorial  structure  which  is  able  to  measure  the  heart  parameters  such  as  heart  rate,  oxygen  saturation,  and  heart  rate  variability.  wearable  electrocardiogram  systems
__label__machineconditionmonitoring represent  the  most  mature  wbs  technology.  .  the  same  devices  are  used  in  order  to  store  ecg  signals  for  a  determined  time  period  being  able  to  generate  outputs  for  heart  rate  and  respiration.  dedicated  integrated  circuits  with  these  functionalities  have  been  developed  we  would  like  to  mention  here  adas1000  from  analog  devices.  the  movements  of  the  tissues  are  detected  by  acceleration  sensors  which  could  be  used  in  order  to  identify  and  to  reduce  the  motion  artifacts  .  a  planar  inductive  sensing  element  flat  spiral  which  is  inserted  in  the  clothes  in  order  to  detect  the  vital  parameters  heartrate  and  respiration
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  presented  in  .  the  simulation  of  the  theoretical  model  was  performed  by  comsol  multiphysics  comsolab,  u.s.a.,  magnetic  field  model.  the  principle  of  operation  consists  of  two  stages:  the  first  step  was  to  evaluate  the  induced  eddy  current  by  the  excitation  of  an  external  coil,  and  the  second  step  was  to  evaluate  the  induced  magnetic  fields  by  an  eddy  current.  .  the  presence  of  a  coil  on  a  fabric  offers  the  privilege  to  use  the  coil  as  an  antenna  with  two  functionalities:  sensing  element  and  data  transfer  element  .  another  functionality  could  be  charging  coil  for  the  accumulators  when  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring clothes  are  not  worn.  in  a  method  dedicated  to  monitoring  cardiorespiratory  activity  is  presented  that  is  based  on  the  magnetic  induction  technique.  the  paper  mentions  that  the  capacitance  between  the  coil  and  the  body  denominated  c  did  not  influence  the  output  signal,  but  during  the  physical  activity  this  distance  is  not  constant,  therefore,  in  our  opinion,  the  distance  between  the  sensor  and  the  thoracic  plan  has  a  large  influence  on  the  output  signal  value.  the  differences  between  and  our  paper  consist  of:  in  more  sensors  are  used  in  order  to  determine  the  changes  of  the  thoracic  impedances,  these  changes  being
__label__machineconditionmonitoring caused  by  cardiorespiratory  activity.  in  this  paper,  we  used  only  a  sensor  that  is  positioned  in  front  of  the  apex  and  assesed  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  based  on  the  changing  of  the  thoracic  impedance  and  of  the  distance  between  the  sensor  and  thoracic  surface.  these  parameters  influence  the  inductance  value  of  the  sensor,  this  value  is  measured  using  a  very  sensitive  inductance  to  digital  convertor  ldc1612.  in  inductive  sensors  based  on  the  microcontroller  msp430f5435a  are  conceived  and  implemented.  in  this  work,  we  used  a  dedicated  inductancetodigital  convertor  ldc1612  that  has  very  good  sensitivity  and  measurement  resolution  up  to  28  bits.  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  device  for  monitoring  the  pulse  by  measurement  the  bioimpedance  of  the  thumb  based  on  magnetic  induction  principle  is  described.  an  inductive  sensor  is  placed  on  the  thumb,  as  a  ring,  this  method  is  an  alternative  for  the  photoplethysmographic  sensors.  this  monitoring  technique  is  able  to  determine  the  pulse  only.  greencardio  is  a  dedicated  system  to  monitor  the  heart  activity  parameters  using  various  mobile  or  wearable  devices  that  are  connected  to  a  cloud.  the  system  consists  of  a  set  of  heart  monitoring  devices  wearable  heart  monitoring  inductive  sensor  whmis,  mobile  electrocardiograph  device,  med,  being  available  to  connect  other  kinds  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring peripherals,  a  data  server  and  an  application  that  represents  a  software  platform  for  remote  ecg  investigation  that  is  able  to  collect,  centralize  and  diagnose  ecg  investigations.  the  application  runs  as  follows  :  greencardioiot  system  .  workflow  description  creating  a  new  patient  form  in  the  application  in  the  fd  family  doctor  module  if  the  patient  has  not  been  registered  beforehand.  connecting  the  ecg  equipment  to  the  patient,  controlling  the  ecg  device  through  the  fd  module  in  order  to  complete  the  ecg  investigation  and  collect  the  results  in  the  local  data  base;  visualizing  the  results  of  the  investigation  in  the  fd  module
__label__machineconditionmonitoring ecg  graph;  transmitting  information  regarding  the  patient  identification  data,  family  doctor  and  the  results  of  the  investigation  to  the  central  server;  receive  and  store  information  on  the  central  server;  run  automated  analysis  algorithms  on  the  central  server;  showing  information  automated  analysis  results  alerts  in  the  monitoring  screen/specialist  doctor.  automated  prediagnosis  the  functionality  allows  the  doctor  to  perform  a  series  of  automated  tests,  that  will  ultimately  result  in  annotations  on  the  graph,  in  order  to  help  the  specialist  doctor  to  better  diagnose.  the  application  has  a  prediagnosis  analysis,  the  classification  of  cardiac  beats  and  viewing  according  to  a  predetermined  classification.  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring clicking  on  a  button  in  the  specialist  doctor  menu,  the  special  signal  line  will  be  given  annotations  in  relation  to  several  predetermined  classes:  atrial  extra  systole  0  normal  beat  1  left  branch  block  2  rightleft  branch  block  3  ventricular  extra  systole  4  aberrant  intraventricular  conduction  6  stimulated  ventricular  rhythm  8  fusion  beat  9  in  a  future  version  the  following  prediagnosis  analyses  will  also  be  implemented:  r  wave  detection.  computing  the  cardiac  frequency  with  alert  creation  at  frequencies  larger  than  130  beats  per  minute  or  lower  than  40  beats  per  minute.  an  error  in  cardiac  frequency  calculus  of  10  beats/minute  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring admitted.  computing  the  cardiac  rhythm  variation  on  a  variable  number  of  cardiac  complexes.  alerts  will  be  shown  on  a  variation  lower  or  higher  than  20  of  the  cardiac  rhythm  and  the  graphical  marking  of  the  area.  complex  qrs  detection.  for  each  recording,  a  maximum  of  nine  complex  qrs  misses  will  be  acceptable.  computing  the  median  of  the  qrs  complex.  alert  generation  at  a  median  value  of  the  qrs  complex  duration  higher  than  120  milliseconds.  this  software  component  has  been  created  as  a  desktop  application  that  will  be  run  on  one  or  more  computers  at  the  monitoring  center.  through  this  application,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  specialist  doctor  has  instant  access  to  information  regarding  the  medical  form,  current  ecg  investigation,  and  a  complete  history  of  past  ecg  investigations  performed  on  a  patient,  regardless  of  the  patients  location  or  the  previous  family  doctor.  the  specialist  doctor,  through  this  component,  gains  access  to  visualizing  and  analysis  instruments  to  be  applied  to  the  investigation  result.  based  on  these,  the  specialist  doctor  may  formulate  recommendations  or  alerts,  which  can  be  sent  instantly  to  the  family  doctors  office  on  the  investigation  page,  the  family  doctor  can  select  the  desired  measurement  instrument  depending  on  time  and  signal  strength.  this  can  be
__label__machineconditionmonitoring achieved  by  checking  the  measurement  box.  press  the  left  mouse  button  and  hold  to  select  the  desired  section  to  be  measured.  the  wearable  sensor  designs  require  some  critical  issues  to  be  achieved  as:  very  low  power  consumption,  small  sizes,  data  storage,  and  data  transfer  capabilities,  local  data  processing,  and  durability.  the  fulfillment  of  these  conditions  gives  the  portable  sensors  the  quality  of  wear  and  forget  devices.  the  classification  of  the  body  movement  intensity  is  difficult  to  be  performed  during  the  daily  activity.  therefore,  the  results  obtained  during  slow  motion,  as  they  are  presented  in  ,  are  encouraging  but  they  are
__label__machineconditionmonitoring not  good  enough  to  ensure  a  proper  monitoring  for  all  activities,  this  is  one  reason  why  we  recommend  to  use  such  sensors  for  the  repose  and  sleep  activities  only.  an  ldc1612  circuit  is  used  as  inductancetodigital  convertor,  as  it  has  a  resolution  of  28  bits  and  is  able  to  gather  inductance  data  through  two  channels.  the  interface  between  ldc1612  and  a  host  microcontroller  is  performed  by  i2c  communication  protocol  a.  experimental  model  block  scheme:  flowchart  of  the  embedded  software  of  inductive  data  acquisition  and  data  transfer  .  the  architecture  of  the  experimental  model  consists  of  a  microcontroller,  an  ldc  convertor,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  a  coil  implemented  in  a  planar  configuration.  in  this  version  of  implementation,  the  coil  is  attached  on  the  fabric  in  front  of  the  apex.  the  maximum  effect  of  the  heart  activity  can  be  detected  in  this  thoracic  region.  an  lc  resonant  is  the  core  of  the  inductive  sensor  circuit  that  induces  an  em  field  and  its  intensity  is  determined  by  inductance,  capacitance,  and  frequency  values.  an  object  that  is  in  the  proximity  of  the  sensor  has  an  influence  on  it,  according  to  the  electromagnetic  properties  .  we  consider  a  planar  spiral  to  be  an  optimal  shape  of  the  inductance
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  order  to  be  easily  inserted  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes.  a  planar  spiral  inductance  is  usually  found  in  rf  circuits  with  several  profiles:  square,  circular,  or  polygonal.  one  expression  of  the  planar  spiral  inductance  according  to  is:  where:  l  inductance  nh  davg  average  diameter  of  coil  mm  k1,  k2  layout  coefficients  fill  factor  n  number  of  turns  ldc1612  is  a  high  resolution  28  bits  inductancetonumber  convertor.  the  interface  between  the  circuit  and  the  microcontroller  unit  is  performed  by  the  i2c  interface.  the  functionality  is  based  on  measuring  the  oscillation  frequency  of  multiple  lc  resonators  .  ldc1612  meets  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring parametric  conditions  required  by  a  wearable  device.  the  current  consumption  in  sleep  mode  is  under  one  microampere  and  in  normal  mode  it  is  1.5  milliampere.  the  range  of  power  supply  is  2.73.6  v,  which  can  be  powered  by  a  long  life  or  rechargeable  lithiumion  battery.  the  datarate  of  i2c  interface  is  400  kbps  and  the  datarate  conversion  is  about  4  ksps  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  aducrf101  is  a  microcontroller  unit  that  has  a  cortex  m3  core  incorporated  and  a  configurable  rf  module.  the  current  consumption  in  sleep  mode  is  under  one  microampere.  the  source  code  of  the  microcontroller  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring described  in  c  language  and  is  compiled  by  keil  tool.  the  program  execution  follows  the  successive  operations  described  in  the  flowchart  b,  respectively.  label  1  represents  the  functions  of  initialization  for  the  aducrf101  microcontroller  and  for  the  ldc1612  convertor.  the  setting  of  the  microcontroller  consists  of:  clock  frequency  to  4  mhz,  rf  frequency:  868  mhz,  rf  datarate:  300  kbps,  length  of  the  data  stream:  24  bytes.  ldc1612  is  set  up  to  work  in  continuous  mode.  inductive  data  are  stored  in  the  internal  ram  location  as  vectors  having  a  length  of  24  bytes.  the  electric  field  intensity  of  the  sensor  electrodes,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring simulated  with  beladraw  1.0  software  for  an  interdigital  capacitance  without  water  probe  the  electric  field  intensity  of  the  sensor  electrodes,  simulated  with  beladraw  1.0  software  for  an  interdigital  capacitance  with  water  probe  .  the  data  are  sent  to  a  data  concentrator  that  is  connected  to  a  laptop  and  are  saved  as  text  format.  in  order  to  avoid  errors  during  the  data  transfer,  a  crc  algorithm  is  used.  all  the  circuits  are  powered  by  a  3.6  v  battery  of  and  an  energy  capacitance  of  2700  mah.  the  average  current  during  data  acquisition  is  about  6  ma  and  during  data  transfer,  it
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  about  36  ma  for  an  rf  power  of  13  dbm.  the  human  biological  tissues  are  mostly  composed  of  water.  the  heart  and  the  brain  consist  of  about  73  water,  the  lungs  83  and  the  bones  contain  about  30  water  .  based  on  the  influence  of  water  on  the  electrical  and  electromagnetically  field  parameters,  proximity  sensors  were  conceived.  the  parameter  of  the  electrical  field  that  is  strongly  influenced  by  water  is  the  electrical  permittivity,  respectively  r.  the  presence  of  a  water  body  in  the  proximity  of  capacitance  will  strongly  influence  it,  increasing  its  value.  reference  presents  the  influence  of  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring water  probe  on  a  planar  capacitive  sensor  as  simulation  results  using  beladraw  1.0  software  a,b.  when  a  water  probe  is  near  electrodes,  at  a  distance  of  1  mm,  the  capacitance  value  increases  to  5.902  pf.  the  proximity  capacitive  sensors  have  a  very  good  sensitivity,  but  a  disadvantage  is  the  influence  of  environmental  humidity  on  the  measurement  accuracy.  in  clothes  applications,  for  example,  perspiration  is  a  factor  to  be  considered.  in  the  case  of  the  electromagnetic  field,  the  influences  of  various  materials  that  are  found  are  increasing,  decreasing  or  have  no  influence  on  the  permeability  parameter  r.  the  water  diamagnetic  property
__label__machineconditionmonitoring will  have  as  an  effect  a  decreasing  of  the  inductance  value,  therefore,  when  the  sensor  approaches  the  tissues  the  value  is  less  than  when  the  sensor  is  placed  at  a  larger  distance  a.  inductive  proximity  sensor:  simulated  model.  ch0activated  inductive  proximity  sensor:  simulated  model,  ch1activated  .  activating  ch0  determines  the  value  of  the  inductance  by  the  femm  simulator  as  3.45406  h  and  when  ch1  sensor  is  activated  a,b  the  value  of  its  inductance  is  3.50515  h.  the  water  has  a  negative  permeability  due  to  its  diamagnetic  properties.  the  main  component  of  the  portable  device  is  the  specialized  integrated  circuit  adas1000
__label__machineconditionmonitoring made  by  analog  devices,  which  can  work  with  3,  4  or  10  electrodes  in  a  masterslave  configuration  in  order  to  obtain  results  on  3,  5  or  12  leads.  the  block  diagram  includes  a  microcontroller,  the  adas1000  circuit,  a  gsm/gprs  communication  module,  an  accelerometer,  and  a  temperature  sensor.  the  acceleration  sensor  detects  if  the  patient  is  moving  in  order  to  make  a  correlation  between  the  ecg  data  and  the  movement.  the  temperature  sensor  shows  whether  the  patient  has  a  fever.  beside  the  ecg  information,  the  adas1000integrated  circuit  also  generates  data  on  breathing,  which  is  useful  for  the  detection  of  sleep  apnea.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring during  the  ecg  data  reading,  data  communication  is  off,  so  that  the  signal  input  is  not  affected.  after  the  reading  interval  of  10  s,  the  communication  module  gsm  sim900  is  turned  on  and  initialized.  it  contains  a  sim  card  from  a  gsm  data  service  provider.  the  microcontroller  aducrf101  from  the  portable  device  communicates  with  the  gsm  sim  900  modem  by  means  of  a  serial  port  and  of  gsm  at  commands.  the  sim900  modem  is  a  2g  gprs  mobile  data  module  functioning  in  the  mhz,  egsm900  mhz,  dcs1800  and  pcs1900  frequency  bands.  the  data  read  by  the  adas1000  circuit  is  processed
__label__machineconditionmonitoring by  the  microcontroller  in  order  to  be  stored  temporarily  ram  or  permanently  flash,  and  then  they  are  sent  regularly  through  the  gsm/gprs  data  communication  in  the  cloud  to  a  greencardio  server  by  means  of  the  ftp  data  protocol.  if  there  is  no  internet  connection,  the  data  is  saved  in  internal  flash  memory  and  it  is  sent  to  the  central  server  when  the  internet  connection  is  available.  the  data  is  stored  in  a  .xml  file.  its  name  indicates  the  day  and  the  time  of  the  data  input,  for  example:  20180726140120.xml.  within  the  greencardio  server,  the  data  is  processed  individually  for  each
__label__machineconditionmonitoring patient  and  analyzed  by  a  physician.  such  a  file  is  presented  below:  ?xmlversion1.0  encodingiso88591?  doctype  restingecg  system  rest.dtd  restingecg  patientidmaria  popescu/patientid  dateofbirth01081982/dateofbirth  genderfemale/gender  waveform  waveformtyperhythm/waveformtype  numberofleads1/numberofleads  sampletypecontinuoussamples/sampletype  samplebase500/samplebase  batterystare  incarcare0,  nivelbaterie90,  tensiunebaterie4,061v/battery  leaddata  leadamplitudeunitsperbit2.84/leadamplitudeunitsperbit  leadid1/leadid  leaddatacrc324291035169/leaddatacrc32  waveformdataff  0000  0000  0000  ff  0000  0000  0000  ff  0000  0000  0000  ff  7fad  8053  7fb6  ff  7f79  804d  7f6c  ff  7e33  802a  7c0d  802d  7c0e  ff  7d02  802d  7c0e  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f00000/waveformdata  /leaddata  /waveform  /restingecg  the  above  figure  presents  an  ecg  signal  reading  device  made  with  two  adas1000integrated  circuits  connected  as  master  and  slave,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring which  allows  the  representation  of  12  derivations  member  derivations  and  precordial  derivations,  as  observed  in  .  experimental  model  using  an  adas1000  demoboard.  inductive  data  generated  by  ldc1612  have  28  bytes  size  for  each  sample,  but  we  use  only  the  most  significant  16  bits.  the  average  length  of  each  recording  was  approximately  30  s.  the  signals  were  acquired  at  the  sampling  frequency  of  20  hz.  two  scenarios  were  used  to  acquire  the  signals,  one  in  which  the  sensor  is  held  closer  to  the  chest  and  the  other  in  which  the  sensor  is  not  pressed.  in  the  following  figure,  we  have  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring portion  of  an  acquired  signal  holding  the  sensor  closer  to  the  chest  box,  where  one  can  clearly  see  the  periodicity  of  the  heartgenerated  signal  a.  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  an  acquisition  with  sensor  pressed.  the  periodicity  of  signal  is  visible.  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  acquisition  with  sensor  not  pressed.  the  periodicity  of  signal  is  difficult  to  be  detected  .  if  the  sensor  is  not  pressed,  the  signal  has  more  noise,  and  the  periodicity  due  to  heart  activity  is  less  visible.  a  short  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  such  signal  is  shown  in  a,b.  even  if  the  signal  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring noisy,  it  is  still  possible  to  detect  the  heart  rate,  if  the  size  of  the  analysis  window  has  more  than  10  s.  acquisitions  were  also  made,  in  which  the  subject  at  first  started  breathing  normally  with  an  air  exhaled  at  about  35  s,  and  finally  holding  breath.  this,  way  it  was  observed  that  in  the  first  half  of  the  signal,  in  which  the  subject  does  not  breathe,  the  periodicity  of  the  signal  associated  with  the  activity  of  the  heart  is  more  visible.  in  the  ,  and  a  preprocessed  signal,  filtering  and  normalization  operators  that  were  applied  on  this  signal  are
__label__machineconditionmonitoring presented,  therefore,  the  values  of  interval  was  changed  and  the  signal  amplitude  is  not  expressed  in  h  as  it  is  adimensional.  in  future  research  activity,  we  intend  to  use  dwt  discrete  wavelet  transform,  by  changing  the  detailed  coefficients  that  contain  also  the  noise,  respectively,  without  altering  the  approximate  coefficient  as  in  work  .  a  predictive  neural  network  could  be  implemented  in  order  to  increase  the  robustness  to  noise.  acquisition  with  normal  breath  in  the  first  part,  and  without  breath  in  the  second  part  of  the  signal.  representation  of  the  delay  between  the  input  signal  with  blue  and  the  filtered  signal
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  red  representation  of  the  overlap  of  the  input  signal  and  the  filtered  signal  the  delay  was  eliminated  .  representation  of  the  difference  signal  which  mainly  contains  the  periodic  heart  signal.  because  the  heart  rate  detected  for  both  parts  of  the  signal  was  approximately  the  same,  it  was  concluded  that  the  implemented  algorithm  is  as  effective  for  both  situations.  data  processing  consists  of  the  implementation  of  an  algorithm  in  order  to  extract  two  components,  the  respiration  components,  and  the  heart  rate  component  from  the  same  signal  generated  by  the  ldc  circuit.  because  the  inductive  sensor  incorporates  both  these  signals,  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  should  find  a  filtering  method  in  order  to  correctly  split  the  target  signals.  the  algorithm  is:  :  removing  the  amplitude  offset  from  signal  s  applying  a  low  pass  filter  lpf  with  a  cutoff  frequency  of  1  hz,  in  order  to  extract  the  respiration  components  :  the  coefficients  of  the  digital  filter  ,  are  generated  by  matlab  and  according  to  a  filter  that  belongs  to  the  butterworth  family  having  m  7  order  and  the  cutoff  frequency  as  mentioned  above,  at  1  hz.  the  complete  equation  of  the  arma  filter  autoregressive  moving  average  includes  in  the  formula  a  recurrent  part  ar,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  induces  a  delay  in  the  filtered  signal  .  the  delay  between  the  inductive  signal  and  filtered  signal  is  determined  using  the  amdf  average  magnitude  difference  function  method  and  the  correlation  function.  initializing  with  zero  of  the  vectors  and  for  k  0:  lengths1  we  denominated  the  number  of  samples/the  length  of  the  inductive  signal  input  signal  with  n  .  the  and  vectors  calculation  could  be  limited  only  for  a  number  of  values  done  by  maximum  delay  where  the  signal  could  arrive  and  not  on  all  length  of  s  signal.  the  offset  is  determined  based  on  the  global  maximum  position  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  correlation  function  ,  respectively  on  the  minimum  global  position  from  vector  of  amdf.  depending  on  the  input  signal,  any  of  the  two  methods  can  determine  better  the  offset.  the  time  lag  which  has  led  to  the  best  overlap  is  chosen  with  a  minimum  difference.  the  differences  in  signals  between  input  signal  s  and  the  filtered  signal  were  calculated  taking  into  account  both  delays.  removing  the  respiration  components  from  the  input  signal  will  keep  the  heart  rate  component  the  period  t  of  the  difference  signal  is  estimated,  using  the  autocorrelation  function.  the  signal  period  t  is  considered  to  estimate  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring heart  rate.  for  k  0:  lengthd1  only  local  peaks  between  and  are  taken  into  account.  these  limits  are  set  by  the  minimum  heart  rate  considered  to  be  40  bpm  and  the  maximum  value  set  at  200  bpm:  where  is  the  signal  sampling  frequency.  the  signal  period  is  given  by  the  local  maximum  position  between  the  two  previously  set  limits.  the  cardiac  rhythm  is  estimated  in  the  current  analysis  window  as  being:  because  the  filtered  signal  approximates  the  signal  due  to  breathing  very  well,  in  the  signal  difference  will  be  found  the  signal  generated  by  the  activity  of  the  heart  ,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring but  also  some  highfrequency  components  of  the  signal  .  in  addition  to  these  highfrequency  components,  a  noise  is  added  that  resembles  uniform  noise  for  recordings  in  which  the  sensor  is  not  pressed/held  close  to  the  chest,  but  with  all  these  impediments,  heart  rate  detection  can  be  performed.  for  these  recordings,  as  noted  above,  the  duration  of  the  analysis  window  should  be  longer  than  10  s.  the  algorithm  proposed  by  us  has  the  advantage  of  simultaneously  extracting  both  components,  both  of  which  are  of  interest  because  they  can  provide  additional  information  about  people  suffering  from  certain  diseases  e.g.,  apnea.  the  qrs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring complexes  detection  process  is  difficult,  not  only  because  of  the  physiological  variability  of  qrs  complexes,  but  also  because  of  the  different  types  of  noise  that  an  ecg  signal  contains.  the  noise  sources  include  muscle  artifacts  due  to  the  motion  of  the  electrodes,  interference  from  power  lines,  the  change  in  the  baseline,  twaves  with  a  high  frequency  similar  to  the  qrs  complexes  ,  ,  ,  .  the  artifacts  are  considered  as  external  noises  induced  by  muscle  activities.  the  term  muscle  noise  artifact  is  also  found  in  other  papers,  an  example  could  be  .  once  the  signal  has  been  filtered,  we  applied
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  set  of  rules  to  correct  qrs  complexes  detection  ,  .  in  order  to  compare  the  heart  rate  values  obtained  with  our  system,  the  ecg  signal  was  acquired  in  parallel  using  a  biopac  system.  the  hardware  modules  used  are  the  mp150ace  data  acquisition  unit  and  the  ecg100c,  electrocardiogram  amplifier  modules  with  reusable  el258  electrodes.  the  mp150a  allows  simultaneous  16channel  acquisition  with  a  sampling  frequency  up  to  a  maximum  of  200  khz.  the  sampling  frequency  we  used  was  f  200  hz  and  the  signals  had  a  length  of  30  s.  the  ecg100c  module  is  a  single  channel  and  allows  a  gain
__label__machineconditionmonitoring between  500  and  5000.  it  is  equipped  with  a  high  pass  filter  over  frequencies  of  0.05  hz  or  1  hz,  respectively,  with  a  35  hz  or  150  hz  low  pass  filter.  it  also  has  a  notch  filter  to  eliminate  the  50  hz  frequency  of  the  electrical  network.  electrodes  of  the  ecg100c  mode  were  connected  to  measure  lead  i  the  two  active  electrodes  being  placed  on  the  right  arm  and  the  stand  arm,  and  the  table  electrode  at  the  right  foot.  the  acquisition  was  performed  with  1hz  hpf  in  order  to  stabilize  the  baseline  ecg.  at  this  frequency,  p  and  t
__label__machineconditionmonitoring waves  may  have  slightly  lower  amplitude,  but  the  qrs  complex  is  not  affected.  since  the  purpose  of  acquisition  of  these  signals  was  to  detect  qrs  peaks  and  to  verify  that  the  heart  rate  values  obtained  by  the  inductive  sensor  system  we  preferred  this  cutting  frequency  for  hpf  instead  of  0.05  hz.  for  the  lpf  filter  the  frequency  35  hz  ensures  better  noise  elimination.  even  if  these  hardware  filters  were  used  to  make  the  acquisition,  additional  software  filters  were  required  because  some  of  the  acquired  signals  had  ecg  baseline  fluctuations  and  the  algorithm  needed  to  be  a  straight  line,  respectively,  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring noise  evenly  high  enough,  the  level  of  this  noise  also  depending  on  how  good  the  contact  between  the  electrodes  and  the  skin  is.  the  implemented  algorithm  has  three  main  stages:  baseline  determination,  detection  of  qrs  complex,  removing  other  information  where  p  and  t.  the  method  of  using  inductive  sensors  is  useful  to  monitor  the  data  rate  and  the  respiration,  as  vital  signs,  incorporating  the  wear  and  forget  device  in  the  clothes.  the  data  rate  signal  and  the  respiration  signal  are  extracted  from  the  same  output  signal  of  inductancetonumber  convertor.  the  method  and  the  wearable  sensors  incorporated  in  the  clothes  are
__label__machineconditionmonitoring suitable  to  monitor  physiological  moving  parameters  that  have  small  amplitudes  e.g.,  mechanical  heart  activity,  respiration,  tremor,  pulse,  etc.  only  if  the  body  is  in  a  repose  position.  any  muscle  activity  will  induce  artifacts  in  the  signal  generated  by  the  sensors.  their  influence  will  be  proportional  to  the  intensity  of  body  movement.  we  take  into  account  using  an  acceleration  sensor  in  order  to  validate  the  inductive  signal  when  the  body  is  in  repose,  without  muscle  activity  and  to  eliminate  the  artefacts  based  on  correlation  with  the  acceleration  signal.  the  body  motion  during  data  sampling  has  a  large  influence  on  the  inductive
__label__machineconditionmonitoring signal  inducing  its  motion  artifacts  and  we  concluded  that  this  method  is  not  suitable  to  be  used  in  daily  activity.  during  the  daily  activity  it  is  difficult  to  perform  a  classification  of  the  body  movement  intensity.  therefore,  the  results  obtained  during  slow  motion  are  encouraging  but  they  are  not  good  enough  to  ensure  proper  monitoring  for  all  activities.  this  is  one  reason  why  we  recommend  using  such  sensors  for  the  repose  and  sleep  activities  only.  the  theme  of  our  paper  is  to  extract  from  the  same  signal,  generated  by  the  inductive  sensor,  two  parameters:  respiration  and  heart  rate.  for  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring statistical  comparison,  we  intend  to  use  the  representing  data  using  blandaltman  plots.  in  the  future  work,  we  propose  to  correlate  the  inductive  sensors  data  with  ecg  data  and  acceleration  data  in  order  to  implement  other  models  for  intelligent  textiles,  and  to  improve  the  greencardio  system.  some  results  are  based  on  the  project  intelligent  techniques  for  medical  applications  using  sensor  networks,  project  no.  pniiip33.1pmrocn20180070;  and  on  the  project  development  and  integration  of  a  mobile  teleelectrocardiograph  in  the  greencardio  system  for  patients  monitoring  and  diagnosis,  project  no.  pniiip22.1bg20160463  20162018.  the  authors  have  copyright  registration  orda  for  it  products  only  no.  06984  dated
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 06.01.2015.  all  authors  contributed  equally  for  writing  and  analyzing  this  paper.  this  research  no  received  grant  funding.  the  apc  was  funded  by  stefan  cel  mare  university  from  suceava,  romania.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring objective  software  reviews  insights  theres  no  question  that  technology  has  disrupted  and  innovated  the  maintenance  industry.  one  technology  that  simply  cant  be  ignored  is  the  internet  of  things  iot.  think  the  iot  is  just  a  buzzword?  think  again:  mckinsey  company  states  that  the  iot  has  helped  organizations  realize  major  improvements,  like  a  .  and,  by  2025,  the  iot  could  have  11  trillion  in  business  impact.  for  maintenance  implications,  the  iot  uses  sensors  and  connected  devices  across  the  industry  to  easily  track  key  performance  indicators  kpis  and  control  machines.  were  left  with  access  to  accurate,  realtime  data  to  make  the  smartest
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance  decisions.  furthermore,  the  iot  has  the  power  to  completely  transform  the  industry  through  .  for  instance,  with  the  help  of  iot  sensors  and  data  gathering,  maintenance  managers  are  able  to  better  predict  when  a  breakdown  will  occur  based  on  historic  records  and  past  service  requests.  a  more  proactive  maintenance  strategy  means  less  equipment  downtime,  fewer  emergency  work  order  requests  and  better  budget  planning.  ready  to  incorporate  the  iot  into  your  maintenance  strategy?  read  below  to  learn  three  applications  that  smart  maintenance  managers  are  utilizing  across  the  industry.  communication  is  much  more  than  just  written  and  spoken  word.  take  it
__label__machineconditionmonitoring from  connected  machines,  which  systematically  work  together  via  machinetomachine  m2m  communication.  maintenance  managers  use  s,  such  as  assets  most  likely  to  breakdown  or  top  causes  of  unscheduled  downtime.  coupled  with  iot  sensors,  m2m  data  helps  maintenance  managers  gain  insight  into  how  often  an  asset  is  underperforming,  or  how  long  its  been  since  the  last  work  order  was  performed.  using  this  data,  managers  can  map  out  when  downtime  will  occur  and  tie  this  data  back  to  their  preventive  schedules  to  improve  uptime.  maintenance  teams  can  use  to  collect  m2m  data  include:  using  the  iot,  maintenance  managers  can  connect  their  stockrooms  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring track  orders,  incoming  shipments  or  low  stock.  for  instance,  the  maintenance  team  has  the  ability  to  collect  data  remotely  via  sensors  that  tracks  when  certain  inventory  may  be  low.  from  there,  theyre  able  to  connect  this  sort  of  data  collection  to  a  software  device  to  produce  alerts  when  certain  stock  may  be  close  to  out.  if  you  depend  on  the  power  of  a  computerized  maintenance  management  system  cmms,  connect  your  stockroom  with  your  tool  to  automate  reorders,  generate  inventory  reports  and  track  costs  to  avoid  shortages  and  improve  budget.  this  results  in  fewer  emergency  inventory  orders  and  less  downtime  due
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  outofstock  inventory  to  fulfill  a  work  order.  by  now,  youve  certainly  heard  the  benefits  of  a  preventive  maintenance  schedule.  but  with  time  constraints  and  downtime  occurring  on  the  daily,  it  probably  seems  like  a  daunting  task  to  implement.  the  iot  is  helping  the  maintenance  industry  bust  out  of  the  if  it  aint  broke,  dont  fix  it  mindset  to  boost  operational  efficiencies,  reduce  costly  downtime  and  better  predict  equipment  failures.  managers  can  depend  on  sensors  to  track  certain  kpis  and  gather  the  best  hard  data  like  average  technician  response  times,  average  length  of  downtime  or  technician  efficiency  into  their  preventive
__label__machineconditionmonitoring maintenance  schedule  with  the  help  of  the  iot.  try  embedding  sensors  on  devices  to  .  from  there,  generate  alerts  when  unscheduled  downtime  is  approaching  to  implement  an  easy  preventive  maintenance  schedule.  use  a  cmms?  coordinate  these  sensors  to  communicate  with  your  cmms  to  autogenerate  work  orders  or  notifications  that  a  repair  is  needed  soon.  the  benefits  of  your  connected  cmms  range  from  less  unscheduled  downtime  to  more  efficient  technicians.  scott  lasher  is  the  head  of  sales  for  ,  an  industryleading  computerized  maintenance  management  cmms.  for  more  than  eight  years,  scott  has  been  dedicated  to  transforming  maintenance  connections  customers  lives  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring jobs  with  a  cmms  from  purchase  to  implementation.  scott  is  the  goto  guy  for  all  things  maintenance  connection  with  deep  knowledge  ranging  from  the  software  to  the  customer  satisfaction  to  product  implementation.  connect  with  scott  for  more  information  on  .  there  is  a  high  need  of  implementing  iot  devices  in  machinery  and  industry,  as  a  lot  has  been  damaged  on  daily  basis,  resulting  in  expensive  damage  control  steps.  therefore,  timely  scrutiny  and  proper  check  on  the  pieces  of  machinery  is  what  is  required.  also  discusses  about  the  logistics  and  supply  chain  optimization  through  iot,  which  is  also  very  useful  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring could  be  proved  effective.  by  by  by  by  by  if  we  identify  vendors  who  seem  like  a  good  fit,  we  may  connect  them  with  you  to  offer  free  price  quotes,  demos,  or  answer  any  questions.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  same  internet  of  things  iot  devices  that  are  enabling  more  granular  lighting  and  are  now  making  predictive  maintenance  easier,  cheaper  and  less  laborintensive  for  elevators  and  escalators.  iots  technical  capabilities  let  the  devices  manage  large  streams  of  performance  data  and  and  impending  failures  with  a  fraction  of  the  time  and  effort  it  would  take  a  human  technician  to  perform  that  kind  of  analysis.  as  a  result,  vertical  transportation  is  embracing  the  philosophy  aircraft  engineers  have  used  for  years,  says  rory  smith,  director  of  strategic  development  for  thyssenkrupp  elevator  americas.  photo:modern  interior  of  trade  center  with  lifts.  credit:  roman  sigaev
__label__machineconditionmonitoring pilots  radio  ahead  when  they  have  a  problem.  if  they  detect  a  problem  with  an  oil  pump  in  an  engine  on  a  flight  from  london  to  chicago,  they  can  radio  ahead  and  say  i  need  my  oil  pump  replaced  when  we  land,  and  they  can  change  the  parts  rapidly  and  put  the  plane  back  into  service  without  missing  the  next  flight,  explains  smith.  they  have  expensive  assets  and  a  high  cost  of  failure.  now  we  can  take  advantage  of  that  same  technology  and  apply  it  to  assets  like  elevators  and  escalators.  so  far,  iot  implementation  for  vertical  transportation  has  revealed
__label__machineconditionmonitoring two  key  customer  camps,  according  to  jeremy  rainwater,  senior  vice  president  of  existing  installation  and  modernization  for  schindler:  people  who  prize  the  benefits  of  improved  performance,  ,  and  those  who  are  more  focused  on  cost  savings.  todays  iotenabled  elevators  deliver  these  10  benefits  and  more.  like  the  iot  devices  in  other  building  systems,  elevator  iot  devices  make  gathering  data  simple  and  effortless.  depending  on  the  elevator  manufacturer  and  model,  your  iotenabled  elevator  might  gather  data  in  any  of  these  areas,  according  to  charlie  slater,  director  of  field  operations  at  american  testing  and  inspection  services:  the  biggest  immediate  timesaver  that  iot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  fuels  is  improving  your  preventive  maintenance  schedule  and  switching  to  more  of  a  predictive  maintenance  model.  the  devices  can  monitor  changes  in  operating  conditions,  like  heat,  friction  or  noise,  and  use  the  changes  to  predict  when  the  elevator  needs  maintenance.  photo:technician  fix  the  lift  or  elevator  in  railway  station  of  skytrain.  credit:  sb7  if  certain  conditions  are  left  unattended,  they  could  result  in  equipment  failure,  and  in  turn  cause  an  unplanned  disruption  in  a  building,  explains  daniel  elez,  senior  vice  president  of  service  business  for  .  iot  is  allowing  maintenance  to  become  predictiveand  .  keeping  track  of  wear  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tear  is  another  useful  way  to  predict  when  and  where  maintenance  will  soon  become  necessary,  adds  smith.  that  could  include  door  openclose  cycles,  how  long  the  door  takes  to  close  and  how  much  power  it  draws  to  do  so,  how  many  times  the  elevator  has  to  relevel,  acceleration  speeds  and  even  the  physical  distance  the  elevator  has  traveled.  were  keeping  track  of  door  cycles  on  a  per  floor  basis  so  that  we  know  which  floors  have  the  most  use  of  the  doors.  no  matter  what  brand,  the  doors  on  elevators  are  the  most  problematic  device  because  theyre  mechanical  and  they
__label__machineconditionmonitoring take  a  lot  of  abuse,  smith  explains.  people  run  into  the  doors  and  hold  them  open  when  theyre  trying  to  close.  we  believe  theres  a  correlation  between  the  amount  of  abuse  and  the  number  of  breakdowns  and  we  want  to  make  sure  we  adjust  our  maintenance  frequency  to  the  doors  that  get  the  most  use.  now  we  can  and  say  every  x  number  of  times  the  door  cycles,  we  should  schedule  maintenance,  he  adds.  the  constant  stream  of  data  from  the  monitoring  devices  also  enables  manufacturers  and  other  elevator  service  professionals  to  diagnose  problems  at  least  partially  before  they  even
__label__machineconditionmonitoring reach  your  building,  saving  valuable  onsite  time  that  would  otherwise  have  been  wasted  on  testing  and  troubleshooting.  use  this  checklist  to  keep  major  building  systemshvac,  roofing,  plumbing  and  lightingin  good  working  order.  the  technician  can  receive  a  complete  diagnosis  with  corroborating  information  and  suggested  actions  ahead  of  time  so  that  when  they  reach  your  building,  they  can  spend  all  of  their  time  actually  fixing  the  problem,  elez  says.  without  iot,  if  its  noticed  that  an  elevator  is  out  of  service,  a  maintenance  company  would  be  contacted  to  request  a  service  call,  says  slater.  the  elevator  maintenance  company  would  need  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring dispatch  a  mechanic  to  visit  the  unit  and  hopefully  diagnose  the  issue  correctly.  they  may  have  to  order  parts  and  have  a  return  visit  to  perform  the  repair.  if  the  diagnosis  was  incorrect,  they  would  have  to  start  over  again.  with  iot,  the  elevator  maintenance  company  knows  immediately  and  probably  before  the  building  does  that  the  elevator  is  out  of  service.  iot  devices  in  elevators  may  even  be  able  to  catch  problems  before  facilities  managers  or  building  occupants  notice  anything  is  amiss.  remote  monitoring  and  diagnostics  can  instead  of  waiting  until  the  elevator  is  noticeably  noisier  or  drawing  a  spike
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  power.  for  example,  schindler  can  see  that  an  elevator  is  on  the  third  floor  of  a  building  with  a  switch  in  the  wrong  position  and  can  proactively  contact  the  customer  to  resolve  the  issue,  vs.  the  customer  having  to  call  for  service,  get  in  the  queue  for  a  technician  and  have  the  technician  arrive  just  to  find  out  that  a  switch  needed  to  be  turned,  rainwater  says.  this  level  of  proactive  service  will  help  us  deliver  even  better  performance  and  reliability  by  using  data  to  identify  and  act  on  potential  issues  even  before  our  customers  are  aware  of  an
__label__machineconditionmonitoring issue.  future  elevator  iot  devices  should  be  able  to  gather  data  on  the  behavior  of  users  and  use  that  to  inform  the  units  behavior,  elez  notes:  for  example,  instead  of  an  unexpected  influx  of  lobby  visitors,  data  can  help  inform  systems  when  trains  arrive  nearby  or  large  meetings  or  conferences  are  ending,  all  to  be  prepared  for  lots  of  people  arriving  or  departing  a  building.  theres  significant  value  in  not  having  to  drop  everything  to  deal  with  an  unexpected  elevator  or  escalator  breakdown.  downtime  for  your  vertical  transportation  should  be  rare,  planned  and  during  offpeak  hours.  failure  prediction  is  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring big  goal,  smith  says.  we  want  elevators  to  be  running  a  higher  percentage  of  the  time,  but  we  also  want  to  have  planned  downtime.  you  cant  have  100  percent  uptime  because  youll  have  to  take  it  out  of  service  to  provide  maintenance,  so  we  want  to  make  sure  that  the  right  amount  of  maintenance  is  being  provided.  preventative  maintenance  is  a  crucial  component  to  your  facilities  systems.  taking  this  one  step  further  is  prescriptive  maintenanceor  rxm.  the  iot  devices  are  like  a  computerized  version  of  a  resident  or  escalator  mechanic  who  gets  to  know  the  machines  through  daily  use  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring inspection,  smith  adds.  most  buildings  dont  have  that  kind  of  specialized  expertise  onsite  anymore,  but  the  24/7  monitoring  by  iot  devices  serves  as  the  eyes  and  ears  of  whoever  is  responsible  for  maintaining  a  buildings  vertical  transportation  systems.  manufacturers  can  use  iot  data  inhouse  to  improve  the  innovation  process.  something  as  simple  as  switching  out  a  part  vendor  could  have  sizable  effects,  positive  or  negative.  with  machine  learning  and  all  of  this  data,  were  learning  which  components  are  strong  and  which  ones  are  weak  so  that  we  can  take  that  and  say  were  having  a  lot  of  problems  with  this
__label__machineconditionmonitoring particular  component.  lets  fix  that  and  figure  out  how  we  can  harden  it  so  it  wont  fail,  smith  says.  we  might  have  a  new  vendor  for  a  product  and  well  be  able  to  see  the  results  of  changing  vendors  on  what  appears  to  be  an  equal  component.  iot  ends  up  being  a  product  improvement  and  customer  satisfaction  approach.  facilities  teams  looking  at  iot  integration  often  fear  that  the  equipment  is  proprietary,  slater  says.  sometimes  thats  true,  but  you  can  avoid  being  trapped  into  a  longterm  maintenance  agreement  for  a  system  that  wont  communicate  with  other  manufacturers  by  specifying  your  needs
__label__machineconditionmonitoring up  front.  other  maintenance  companies  may  be  able  to  integrate  if  not  fully,  then  partially  their  own  iot  systems  with  the  existing  equipment  of  another  manufacturer,  slater  says.  there  are  also  steps  that  can  be  taken  prior  to  having  iot  installed  or  purchasing  a  new  or  modernized  elevator  or  escalator  with  iot.  for  example,  hire  an  elevator  inspector  or  consultant  to  draft  a  specification  for  iot  and  ensure  the  building  receives  something  that  most  maintenance  companies  can  integrate  with.  monitoring  equipment  constantly  and  avoiding  breakdowns  not  only  lets  you  avoid  emergency  service  calls,  it  also  may  save  you  money  on
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  actual  services  performed,  elez  says.  ongoing  monitoring  of  equipment  can  provide  significant  cost  savings  in  the  long  run  by  upgrading  component  parts  vs.  the  need  for  a  fullunit  replacement  due  to  more  extensive  damages  from  a  series  of  issues,  elez  explains.  the  ultimate  benefit  is  the  smooth  flow  of  people  in  a  facility.  the  falling  cost  of  iot  devices  and  advances  in  the  cellular  technology  that  the  devices  use  to  communicate  are  making  iot  a  more  than  ever,  rainwater  says.  previous  technology  was  limited  in  its  capability  and  potential,  creating  a  ceiling  on  innovation,  rainwater  adds.  the  latest  generation
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  cellular  technology  and  the  ability  to  use  that  tech  to  get  massive  amounts  of  information  to  systems  with  far  more  computing  power  allows  us  to  use  iot  as  a  tool  for  predictive  analytics  and  predictive  maintenance  and  add  future  services  and  apps  for  building  managers.  janelle  penny  has  more  than  a  decade  of  experience  in  journalism,  with  a  special  emphasis  on  covering  facilities  management.  she  aims  to  deliver  practical,  actionable  content  for  facilities  professionals.  join  our  buildings  bulletin  community  now  preventative  maintenance  scheduling  saves  money.  right  now,  get  the  top  40  pm  tasks  checklist  for  free  when  you  .
__label__machineconditionmonitoring go  paperless.  get  organized.  improve  communication.  and  its  all  for  free.  see  how  work  order  software  can  improve  your  maintenance  management.  .  raceways  move  connectivity  to  new  places  without  the  destruction  and  cost  of  core  drilling  and  trenching.  learn  how  they  work  and  .  still  using  paper  or  excel  to  track  your  maintenance  management?  stop.  theres  a  better  solution.  and  see  improved  efficiency  start  today.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring elevate  the  efficiency  of  patient  monitoring  and  healthcare  provision  with  iot  development  services  for  healthcare.  drive  progress,  reduce  operating  costs  master  connected  cars  sphere  with  internet  of  things  development  for  automotives.  rethinking  energy  management,  billing  and  asset  maintenance  with  the  internet  of  things  development  for  energy.  add  new  revenue  channels,  deliver  superior  customer  experience  optimize  supply  chain  management  with  iot  development  services  for  retail.  is  a  software  development  company  based  in  southern  california  that  offers  its  clients  a  better,  customer  servicefocused  offshoring  experience  by  utilizing  local  management  teams  and  a  unique  hybrid  of  us  and  offshorebased  development  teams.  1440  n
__label__machineconditionmonitoring no  results  found  please  enter  some  search  terms  searching...  there  are  resultscount  results  in  this  search.  these  are  the  top  results.length  results.  when  companies  leverage  iot  and  engineering  analytics,  they  can  create  immense  value  by  eliminating  waste,  conserving  energy  and  optimizing  the  supply  chain.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  enabling  a  new  brand  of  engineering  analytics  that  will  directly  contribute  to  a  sustainable  world.  iotpowered  engineering  will  lead  to  a  better  and  a  more  affordable  product,  higher  productivity  in  the  manufacturing  process  and  increased  profitability.  much  has  been  said  about  how  the  industrial  age  brought  immense  benefits  to  humankind
__label__machineconditionmonitoring andat  the  same  timeimmense  dangers  to  the  environment.  peter  senges  2008  book,  necessary  revolution,  stresses  the  need  for  individuals,  organizations  and  nations  to  work  together  to  create  a  sustainable  world,  specifically  pointing  out  the  role  that  private  enterprise  can  play  in  identifying  responsible  environmental  and  social  practices  that  make  smart  business  sense  as  well.  the  potential  of  iot  offers  just  that  solution.  when  manufacturing  companies  leverage  iot  and  its  associated  engineering  analytics,  they  can  create  immense  value  by  maximizing  utilization,  eliminating  waste,  conserving  energy  and  optimizing  the  supply  chain.  the  potential  of  iot  is  in  its  ability  to  generate  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring streamline  data  at  every  stage  of  a  product  lifecycle,  from  development  to  manufacturing  to  distribution  and  usage.  by  subsequently  processing,  analyzing  and  interpreting  that  data,  engineering  analytics  can  convert  it  into  information,  intelligence  and  actionable  insights.  in  1908,  when  henry  ford  introduced  the  assembly  line,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  transformed  forever  by  mass  production.  iot  is  transforming  it  once  again  by  enabling  mass  customization.  there  are  three  ways  this  will  happen.  traditionally,  there  has  been  no  way  to  capture  and  analyze  the  usage  of  a  product  once  it  leaves  the  manufacturing  floor.  however,  the  connectivity  of  iot  establishes  a  continuous
__label__machineconditionmonitoring feedback  loop  between  the  user,  the  product  development  team  and  the  manufacturing  stakeholders.  over  time,  as  intelligence  is  gathered  on  product  usage  patternsthe  frequency  of  use  per  feature,  for  example,  or  the  downtime  experienced  due  to  system  errorsengineering  and  product  development  teams  will  have  vital  inputs  for  redesigning  a  better  and  more  highly  customized  product.  a  connected  car,  for  example,  is  continuously  collecting  data  about  the  driving  habits  of  its  operator.  a  usage  pattern  analysis  can  enable  development  teams  to  optimize  the  driving  experience  by  eliminating  those  features  that  certain  users  never  use  and  enhancing  other  features  that  improve  driver
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  vehicle  safety.  engineering  analytics  powered  by  iot  can,  in  this  way,  develop  a  car  that  intelligently  adapts  to  the  needs  of  its  driver.  realtime  multivariate  data  and  analytics  can  be  used  to  study  the  behaviors,  usage  and  seasonality  of  buyers  to  better  predict  quantity  and  variants  of  sales.  when  this  feedback  is  fed  to  manufacturing  facilities  to  produce  the  right  quantity  of  the  right  variants  at  the  right  time,  the  facility  can  minimize  its  inventory  and  optimize  its  supply  chains.  illustrates  how  the  auto  giant  and  its  dealer  network  leveraged  data  analytics  to  match  up  to  98  percent  demand
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  a  predictive  basis  and  saved  90  per  vehicle  on  more  than  50,000  vehicles  manufactured  every  week  in  north  america  alone.  the  industrial  internet  and  industry  4.0  digitizes  manufacturing  based  on  cyberphysical  systems  that  collect  virtual  and  realtime  data  from  processes  at  various  stages  of  execution.  these  systems  and  the  resulting  data  offer  huge  opportunities  for  automation  as  a  means  for  increasing  the  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  in  terms  of  efficiency,  utilization  and  yield.  smart  manufacturing  has  proven  to  increase  efficiency  across  multiple  dimensions,  including  machine  efficiency  creating  higher  throughput,  labor  efficiency  managing  more  machines,  material  efficiency  reducing  scrap  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring energy  efficiency  optimizing  consumption.  the  placement  of  sensors  in  products  and  their  ecosystems  is  generating  a  wide  range  of  data  linked  to  the  products  physical  state,  including  temperature,  speed,  pressure,  etc.  realtime  monitoring  and  predictive  analytics  can  identify  the  initial  signs  of  abnormal  performance  and  can  then  trigger  the  appropriate  preventive  maintenance.  the  product,  therefore,  can  predict  its  own  maintenance  schedule  based  on  wear  and  tear  and  can  communicate  that  to  the  stakeholders  for  preventive  measures.  in  the  case  of  an  airplane,  for  example,  engineers  are  using  conditionbased  monitoring  of  data  from  engines,  avionics  systems,  fuel  sensors,  weather  data,  etc.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  enhance  flight  performance  and  avoid  accidents.  is  increasing  its  investment  in  big  data  analytics  so  that  it  can  have  the  ability  to  flag  potential  engine  performance  trouble  spots.  some  of  this  learning  is  already  contributing  to  the  revamp  of  its  enginesupport  portal.  as  more  and  more  enterprises  adopt  iot  and  establish  mechanisms  to  appropriately  measure  value,  they  will  discover  countless  use  cases  to  employ  engineering  analytics  to  drive  better  productivity,  design  more  useful  products,  lower  costs  and  contribute  to  the  making  of  a  greener  world.  as  this  happens,  solution  providers  and  service  providers  will  benefit  from  a  community  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring practitioners  that  leverage  each  other  to  drive  sustainable  business  growth.  this  article  originally  appeared  in  sampath  kumar  has  more  than  30  years  of  experience  in  engineering  services  and  software  product  development  and  management.  sampath  kumar  and  his  team  help  enterprises  leverage  engineering  services  to  address  the  needs  of  it  in  engineering  and  accelerate  time  to  market  for  product  development  teams.  prior  to  isg,  sampath  led  the  engineering  services  of  tata  consultancy  services  in  north  america  where  he  provided  innovative  solutions  in  product  lifecycle  management,  embedded  software  development,  product  engineering  and  plant  solutions  for  multiple  fortune  500  companies.  he  also  led
__label__machineconditionmonitoring indexed  in  web  of  science  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  advances  in  humancomputer  interaction,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  university  of  south  carolina  upstate,  sc,  usa  miami  university,  oh  45056,  usa  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  26  october  2018;  accepted  1  january  2019;  published  12  february  2019  guest  editor:  maurizio  rebaudengo  copyright  2019  akm  jahangir  alam  majumder  et  al.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  recently,  many  people  have  become  more  concerned
__label__machineconditionmonitoring about  having  a  sudden  cardiac  arrest.  with  the  increase  in  popularity  of  smart  wearable  devices,  an  opportunity  to  provide  an  internet  of  things  iot  solution  has  become  more  available.  unfortunately,  out  of  hospital  survival  rates  are  low  for  people  suffering  from  sudden  cardiac  arrests.  the  objective  of  this  research  is  to  present  a  multisensory  system  using  a  smart  iot  system  that  can  collect  body  area  sensor  bas  data  to  provide  early  warning  of  an  impending  cardiac  arrest.  the  goal  is  to  design  and  develop  an  integrated  smart  iot  system  with  a  low  power  communication  module  to  discreetly  collect  heart  rates
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  body  temperatures  using  a  smartphone  without  it  impeding  on  everyday  life.  this  research  introduces  the  use  of  signal  processing  and  machinelearning  techniques  for  sensor  data  analytics  to  identify  predict  and/or  sudden  cardiac  arrests  with  a  high  accuracy.  heart  problems  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  quality  of  life  of  any  who  suffer  from  them.  through  the  widespread  use  of  new  technologies,  there  is  a  potential  for  advanced  healthcare  systems.  the  development  of  smart  wearable  iot  system  for  health  monitoring  is  revolutionizing  our  lives  .  medical  services  have  made  large  advancements  in  recent  years.  computing  and  communication  technologies  have  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring potential  to  offer  a  wider  variety  of  services  for  patients.  through  this  advancement,  a  patients  quality  of  life  would  improve  and  provide  a  benefit  to  a  large  portion  of  the  population.  through  the  availability  and  advancement  of  wearable  iot  devices,  it  aids  patients  in  monitoring  and  controlling  their  health  metrics.  an  example  of  the  benefits  is  that  a  patient  can  be  made  aware  of  the  status  of  their  condition  with  the  aid  of  such  devices  at  any  time.  that  information  can  then  be  made  available  to  the  treating  health  care  professional  to  provide  prompt  action  for  a  condition  or  save
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  life  of  the  user  in  an  emergency.  connected  health  is  proving  to  be  a  major  application  for  developing  technologies.  the  concept  of  connected  healthcare  systems  and  smart  embedded  iot  devices  offers  a  potential  for  both  commercial  companies  and  individuals  to  benefit.  the  goal  is  to  use  investigations  performed  on  new  technologies  to  enable  the  creation,  enhancement,  and  expansion  of  connected  health  systems  with  the  objective  of  developing  a  system  that  can  help  patients  obtain  a  better  awareness  of  their  health  status  and  provide  early  medical  warnings.  the  goal  of  the  iot  is  to  enable  things  to  be  connected  anytime
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  anyplace,  with  anything  and  anyone  ideally  using  any  path/network  and  any  service  ,  .  this  goal  requires  more  development  in  many  areas  including  communication  and  applications.  many  research  and  development  entities  are  involved  in  development  activities.  cisco  defines  the  internet  of  everything  ioe  as  connectivity  of  people,  data,  things,  and  processes  in  networks  of  connections  ;  in  other  words,  ioe  is  a  network  of  computers  and  devices  of  all  types  and  sizes,  all  communicating  and  sharing  information.  according  to  cisco,  there  will  be  50  billion  devices  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020  .  iot  can  be  described  as  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring network  of  networks.  a  special  dedicated  ieee  standard  is  under  development  for  the  architectural  framework  of  the  iot,  namely,  ieee  p2413  .  this  standard  defines  iot  as  a  system  of  interconnected  people  and  physical  objects  along  with  information  and  communication  technology  ict  to  build,  operate,  and  manage  the  physical  world  via  smart  networking,  pervasive  data  collection,  predictive  analytics,  and  optimization  .  the  iot  standard  provides  a  reference  model,  defines  architectural  building  blocks,  and  affords  development  mechanisms  for  the  relevant  systems.  as  the  internet  continues  to  grow,  one  of  the  key  enablers  is  the  ipv6  global  deployment  which  supports  the  ubiquitous
__label__machineconditionmonitoring addressing  of  any  communicating  smart  thing.  it  will  provide  access  to  billions  of  smart  things  allowing  new  models  of  iot  interconnection  and  integration.  however,  as  a  result  of  network  expansion,  more  requirements  will  be  added  to  network  functions,  network  management,  and  network  composition.  ipv6  must  enable  the  interconnection  of  heterogeneous  iot  components  together  with  heterogeneous  applications.  6lowpan  is  an  optimized  version  of  ipv6  for  low  power  wireless  personal  area  networks.  it  is  basically  ipv6  implemented  on  resourceconstrained  iot  devices.  iot  security  is  one  of  the  main  research  topics  as  there  is  a  need  to  provide  security  for  the  growing  number
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  connected  devices.  for  example,  there  is  a  need  to  ensure  that  iot  devices  are  only  providing  information  to  authorized  entities  .  iot  hardware  development  has  many  related  research  issues  as  new  devices  are  introduced  and  many  of  them  are  small  and  have  limited  battery  life.  moreover,  the  iot  sensor  devices  must  be  integrated  into  the  internet  using  communication  protocols.  these  protocols  must  consider  the  low  energy  of  the  sensor  battery  especially  when  sensors  are  deployed  in  remote  locations.  there  are  many  protocols  developed  and  more  to  be  developed  that  consider  the  use  of  low  power  for  iot  devices.  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring example,  an  efficient  service  announcement  and  discovery  protocol  in  ipbased  ubiquitous  sensor  networks  is  proposed  .  the  protocol  adopts  a  fully  distributed  approach  to  ensure  optimal  acquisition  times,  low  energy  consumption,  and  low  generated  overhead,  with  timely  reaction  to  topology  changes.  the  protocol  is  capable  of  realizing  optimal  acquisition  times  with  minimal  cost  in  terms  of  energy  and  generated  overhead,  making  it  suitable  for  mobile  networks.  the  internet  engineering  task  force  has  done  the  major  standardization  work  for  the  constrained  application  protocol  coap  that  allows  seamless  integration  of  low  power  devices  into  the  internet  .  coap  can  run  on  most
__label__machineconditionmonitoring devices  that  support  user  data  protocol  and  the  network  architecture  that  use  this  protocol  is  a  hot  research  topic  .  iot  devices  use  different  protocols  bluetooth,  zigbee,  etc.  and  different  networks  lans;  wans.  thus,  an  iot  platform  has  three  building  blocks:  cloud  computing  is  used  as  an  enabling  platform  that  supports  iotbased  systems  to  allow  connecting  a  large  number  of  devices  and  sensors.  iotbased  healthcare  applications  can  use  cloud  computing  platforms  to  facilitate  sensors  communication,  instead  of  implementing  separate  means  to  have  all  the  sensors  communicate  directly.  in  this  paper,  our  aim  is  to  develop  a  smart  iot  system  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  unique  and  stands  out  when  it  comes  to  ehealth  based  iot  systems  for  predicting  a  personalized  cardiac  arrest,  because  they  naturally  combine  the  detection  and  communication  components.  our  major  contributions  are  as  follows:  i  developing  a  multisensory  smart  iotbased  cyberhuman  system  for  heart  abnormality  prediction.  ii  proposing  a  smartphonebased  heart  rate  detection  system  using  a  wearable  body  area  sensor  bas  system.  iii  designing,  developing,  and  implementing  a  low  power  communication  module  to  send  data  to  the  smartphone.  iv  implemening  a  mobile  system  for  remote  supervision  of  users,  which  can  be  used  to  detect  personalized  health  crisis.  the  rest  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  in  section  ,  we  describe  the  background  and  relevant  related  work.  in  section  ,  we  discuss  the  solution  process  of  designing  our  system  architecture  and  we  explain  the  circuit  design  of  our  system.  in  section  ,  we  discuss  the  data  collection  process  and  follow  with  sections  and  ,  which  are  data  analysis,  results,  and  evaluation  of  our  smartphonebased  prototype  system.  finally,  in  section  ,  we  conclude  the  paper  with  some  future  research  directions.  there  are  many  research  projects  that  attempt  to  characterize  a  users  heart  abnormality;  however,  most  of  them  have  lack  of  key
__label__machineconditionmonitoring components.  many  individuals  currently  perform  research  in  ehealth  and  many  companies  have  taken  advantage  of  this  work  by  designing  systems  that  connect  patients  with  doctors  around  the  world.  we  examine  two  different  categories  of  related  systems:  comprehensive  health  care  using  embedded  systems  and  connected  ehealth  smartphone  applications.  our  proposed  system  is  more  related  to  connected  ehealth  smartphone  applications  since  we  are  developing  an  application  on  smartphone  that  connects  with  a  smart  iot  device  while  most  companies  focus  on  comprehensive  health  care  systems  that  allow  users  to  interact  with  one  another  and  benefit  from  resources.  patientslikeme  focused  on  helping  patients  answer
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  question:  given  my  status,  what  is  the  best  outcome  i  can  hope  to  achieve,  and  how  do  i  get  there?  they  answered  patient  questions  in  several  forms  like  having  patients  with  similar  conditions  connect  to  each  other  and  share  their  experiences  .  but,  they  did  not  mention  data  security  and  the  usability  of  the  system.  another  related  system  is  called  dailystrength.  it  is  a  social  network  centered  on  support  groups,  where  users  provide  one  another  with  emotional  support  by  discussing  their  struggles  and  successes  with  each  other.  the  site  contains  online  communities  that  deal  with  different  medical  conditions  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring life  challenges  .  it  is  very  similar  to  patientslikeme  in  the  sense  that  both  of  them  are  free  platforms  that  involve  patients  and  doctors  interacting.  two  major  discrepancies  between  them  are  that  dailystrength  does  not  involve  research  institutes  and  does  not  have  a  mobile  application.  also,  both  systems  are  not  iotbased  system.  in  another  work,  a  robust  model  was  developed  that  included  multiple  pulse  parameters,  eeg,  and  skin  conductance  sensors  into  a  shirt  .  another  system  was  developed  for  connecting  facial  expressions  and  voice  recognition  with  eeg  patterns  .  other  researchers  proved  that  eeg  alone  exhibits  characteristics  for  different  emotions
__label__machineconditionmonitoring .  facial  recognition  software  has  been  compared  with  heart  rate  variability  in  order  to  better  understand  patterns  associated  with  various  emotions  .  it  has  also  been  proven  that  certain  pulse  patterns  are  associated  with  physical  stress  and  not  from  emotional  stress  .  but,  their  systems  are  mobile  and  they  did  not  use  iot  as  a  platform  for  their  system.  another  comprehensive  health  care  system  is  called  omnio  which  is  an  allinone  application  for  medical  resources  .  it  provides,  among  its  services,  clinical  resources,  diagnostic  resources,  disease  guides,  and  drug  information.  everyday  health  is  a  company  which  owns  websites  and  produces
__label__machineconditionmonitoring content  relating  to  health  and  wellness.  it  has  higher  ratings  and  publishes  many  health  articles  that  can  be  very  helpful  for  patients.  in  addition,  it  has  a  smart  search  that  provides  users  with  easy  access  their  materials.  even  though  all  the  systems  mentioned  above  provide  health  services,  they  do  not  provide  any  smart  devices  that  can  be  used  to  monitor  users  daily  activities  and  alert  them  when  needed.  there  are  many  heart  monitors  that  provide  users  with  their  ecg  signals  so  they  can  keep  track  of  their  condition  but  none  of  which  who  alert  the  users  upon  emergencies.  a  smart
__label__machineconditionmonitoring elderly  home  monitoring  system  sehms  designed  and  developed  on  an  androidbased  smartphone  with  an  accelerometer;  it  could  detect  a  fall  of  the  user  .  it  provides  a  smartphone  user  interface  to  display  health  information  gathered  from  the  system.  the  main  advantage  of  sehms  is  that  it  has  the  remote  monitoring  facility  for  elderly  who  and  chronically  hostile  patients.  but  it  cannot  warn  the  user  in  case  of  emergency.  remote  mobile  health  monitoring  rmhm  is  a  system  that  provides  monitoring  of  a  users  health  parameters  such  as  his  or  her  heart  rate,  which  is  measured  by  wearable  sensors  .  it  allows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring care  givers  and  loving  one  to  monitor  the  users  to  facilitate  remote  diagnosis.  the  system  does  not  have  the  capability  of  monitoring  in  real  time.  the  idea  of  predicting  heart  attacks  remains  a  challenge  and  that  is  the  focus  of  our  research.  every  research  group  specifies  its  own  approach  on  how  they  plan  to  achieve  its  objective.  we  decided  to  use  a  combination  of  body  temperature  and  ecg  to  predict  heart  abnormalities.  other  systems  have  different  approaches  with  different  hardware  implementations.  none  of  them  were  discussed  about  power  consumption  rate  during  data  collection.  our  system  uses  a  low  power  bluetooth
__label__machineconditionmonitoring module  to  collect  a  longitudinal  data  wirelessly  using  a  smartphone.  in  ,  ,  authors  presented  a  comparison  between  different  data  mining  techniques  for  heart  attack  prediction.  they  present  just  prediction  algorithms  rather  than  a  complete  system  with  a  data  collection  device  and  a  computing  platform.  the  best  techniques  that  are  most  commonly  used  for  predicting  heart  problems  are:  decision  tree,  nave  bayes,  neural  network,  and  kmean.  our  research  not  only  includes  a  complete  system  with  an  iot  device  and  a  computing  platform,  but  also  uses  one  of  those  data  mining  techniques  decision  tree  to  predict  heart  problems.  this  makes  our
__label__machineconditionmonitoring system  unique  in  the  sense  that  we  created  a  low  power  smart  iot  system  and  used  a  data  mining  technique  in  our  prediction  algorithm.  upon  testing  our  prediction  algorithm,  we  obtained  results  with  a  high  accuracy  for  all  our  healthy  and  unhealthy  test  subjects.  we  illustrate  the  difference  between  our  system  and  the  other  related  works  in  tables  and  .  table  1:  table  2:  to  address  the  drawbacks  of  the  abovementioned  research  and  systems,  in  this  paper,  we  propose  a  smart  iotbased  heart  rate  monitoring  system.  our  system  is  designed  to  address  directly  some  of  the  drawbacks  of  the  existing
__label__machineconditionmonitoring systems  and  potentially  yield  good  prediction  results.  the  most  important  aspect  of  our  system  is  the  warning  that  allows  the  user  to  prevent  an  injury  before  it  actually  happens.  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge,  our  system  is  the  first  smart  iotbased  health  assistance  which  uses  a  subjectspecific  body  area  sensor  signals  for  predicting  heart  related  injuries.  the  strength  of  our  system  relies  on  existing  wireless  communications  to  provide  low  power  with  maximum  freedom  of  movement  to  users  in  their  physical  activity.  in  addition,  we  have  used  small,  lightweight  smart  iot  devices  that  are  user  friendly,  like  the  smartphone  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  wristband.  to  integrate  the  sensors,  we  used  the  output  of  the  embedded  sensors  to  perform  an  extensive  set  of  experiments  for  evaluating  and  discriminating  between  normal  and  abnormal  heart  rate  patterns.  subjects  wear  the  embedded  sensors  and  carry  their  smartphone  in  their  pocket  or  hold  it  in  their  hands.  the  embedded  ecg  and  temperature  sensors  constantly  collect  the  heart  parameters  while  the  subject  is  living  a  normal  life.  after  receiving  the  data  through  a  low  power  bluetooth  communication  channel,  the  smartphone  will  process  the  data  to  classify  whether  the  users  condition  is  normal  or  abnormal.  a  quantitative  heart  rate
__label__machineconditionmonitoring analysis  is  performed  in  the  android  platform  which  gives  the  user  the  option  of  viewing  his/her  realtime  plots  of  the  ecg  signal  and  body  temperature.  to  determine  abnormal  heart  patterns,  we  first  establish  a  criterion  for  normal  heart  rate.  quantitative  analysis  of  heart  rate  stability  and  pulse  symmetry  will  yield  a  series  of  parameters,  like  heart  rate,  rr  intervals  rr  interval  is  the  duration  between  two  consecutive  r  peaks  in  an  ecg  signal,  and  st  segments  st  segment  is  the  flat  section  of  the  ecg  signal  between  the  end  of  the  s  wave  and  the  beginning  of  the  t  wave.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  represents  the  interval  between  ventricular  depolarization  and  repolarization.  we  then  design  an  early  warning  system  to  monitor  those  parameters  for  signs  of  cardiac  arrest  during  any  activity.  although  the  system  continuously  monitors  ecg  patterns,  the  planned  design  only  triggers  a  warning  if  the  ecg  patterns  and  body  temperature  of  the  user  reaches  a  certain  threshold  level,  wherein  the  user  might  face  a  potential  heart  attack.  at  that  moment,  the  system  transmits  a  warning  to  the  subject  in  the  form  of  a  message  or  a  vibration  alert.  figure  illustrates  the  prototype  embedded  smart  iot  system.  figure  1:  the  iot  device
__label__machineconditionmonitoring constantly  collects  data  from  the  user  and  sends  it  to  smartphone  via  a  bluetooth  communication  module.  all  the  processing  and  data  analysis  take  place  in  the  application  where  the  user  has  the  option  to  view  user  realtime  plots.  these  plots  provide  the  user  a  basic  idea  of  his/her  bodys  status.  the  user  does  not  have  maintained  a  record  of  his/her  data  to  ensure  that  s/he  is  in  a  healthy  or  unhealthy  state  since  the  applications  job  is  to  alert  the  user  upon  an  emergency.  finally,  when  the  algorithm  senses  an  abnormality  it  immediately  alerts  the  user.  the  initial  prototype  system
__label__machineconditionmonitoring consists  of  a  low  power  bluetooth  chip,  an  arduino  uno,  a  pulse  sensor,  and  a  temperature  sensor  as  shown  in  figure  .  the  other  components  are  the  power  supply  unit  along  with  a  smartphone  with  an  application.  figure  2:  the  arduino  simply  serves  as  an  analog  to  digital  converter  adc  .  an  arduino  is  an  opensource  physical  computing  platform  based  on  a  simple  i/o  board  and  a  developmental  environment  that  implements  the  processing/wiring  language.  the  arduino  is  programmed  to  read  analog  signals  from  the  pulse  and  temperature  sensors  and  create  a  data  packet  to  convert  the  signals  into  digital  form.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring subsequently,  it  sends  those  packets  to  the  phone  as  a  response  to  the  data  sending  request.  it  also  manages  the  bluetooth  communication  by  coordinating  with  the  rn42  bluetooth  chip.  the  bluetooth  chip  basically  equips  the  arduino  with  the  ability  to  connect  to  the  smartphone  application.  the  data  read  from  the  sensors  is  always  an  analog  value  between  0  and  5  volts  since  that  is  the  operating  voltage  of  this  microcontroller.  the  arduino  then  maps  those  voltage  values  to  digital  values  ranging  from  0  to  1023.  since  the  yaxis  for  ecg  signals  is  also  a  voltage,  all  we  had  to  do
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  scale  the  digital  values  to  back  voltage.  basically,  we  read  the  sensor  value  from  the  arduino  through  analog  pin  0  and  then  multiply  it  by  5  and  divide  it  by  1023  to  get  the  correct  voltage  value.  this  only  applies  to  the  pulse  sensor  since  the  expected  output  from  the  temperature  sensor  is  in  degrees  celsius.  to  avoid  the  inaccuracy  in  simultaneous  reading  from  multiple  analog  pins,  we  not  only  need  a  delay  between  each  reading,  but  also  need  to  read  from  the  same  analog  pin  twice.  we  read  the  temperature  data  from  the  sensor  twice  and  send  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring second  reading,  then  do  the  same  for  the  pulse  sensor.  we  need  to  send  different  symbols  before  the  sensor  readings  to  be  able  to  parse  the  data  at  the  receiving  end  android  application.  before  sending  a  temperature  reading  we  send  a  /  and  before  sending  a  pulse  reading  we  send  a  ,  which  makes  data  parsing  simple.  after  testing  our  early  prototype  system,  we  worked  on  modifying  the  hardware  to  develop  a  better  iot  device  that  can  later  on  be  used  as  a  user  friendly  wearable  device.  in  this  section,  we  will  discuss  the  new  hardware  components  used,  the  design
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  wearable  device,  and  the  performance  of  the  device  power  consumption  /current  draw.  1  new  hardware  components  .  rather  than  using  the  arduino  uno,  we  decided  to  use  the  arduino  mini  instead.  they  both  have  the  same  microcontroller,  clock  speed,  operating  voltage,  and  range  of  input  voltage.  the  arduino  uno  has  an  area  of  36.63  cm  which  is  almost  7  times  larger  than  the  arduino  mini.  when  developing  a  user  friendly  wearable  device,  it  is  important  to  have  smaller  components  to  be  able  to  design  a  compact  device.  to  be  able  to  upload  code  to  the  device  using  mini
__label__machineconditionmonitoring usb  adapter,  we  also  needed  a  0.1  f  microfarad  capacitor  connected  in  series  between  the  reset  pin  of  the  arduino  mini  and  the  reset  pin  of  the  mini  usb  adapter.  we  used  a  pcb  soldering  board  to  solder  all  the  hardware  components  together.  the  board,  which  has  dimensions  of  5  cm  x  7  cm  almost  the  same  size  of  the  arduino  uno,  has  all  the  hardware  components  soldered  to  it.  to  power  the  device,  we  used  a  7.4  volt  lithium  ion  battery  with  a  current  supply  of  2200  mah  milliamperes  per  hour.  this  battery  has  an  outlet  plug  that  gives
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  the  ability  to  recharge.  so,  we  also  bought  a  pin  battery  connector  plug  to  insert  the  battery  in.  this  allows  us  to  solder  the  pin  plug  to  the  board  without  soldering  the  battery  itself,  allowing  the  user  to  remove  the  battery  when  it  needs  to  be  recharged.  all  the  components  that  we  added  shown  in  bold  in  this  section  are  shown  in  figure  .  figure  3:  2  design  of  the  wearable  device  .  after  soldering  all  the  hardware  components  on  the  pcb  board,  we  design  the  system  using  velcro  strips  to  make  it  wearable.  the  device  is  designed  such
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  the  mini  usb  adapter  can  be  connected  only  when  we  need  to  modify  code  on  the  arduino.  the  final  design  of  the  device  is  shown  in  figure  ,  where  figure  shows  the  device  with  the  mini  usb  adapter  attached  and  figure  shows  the  device  without  the  mini  usb  adapter.  figure  4:  figure  shows  the  device  when  the  battery  is  active;  hence,  the  leds  of  the  arduino  mini,  bluetooth,  and  pulse  sensor  are  all  on.  the  wires  connected  to  the  battery  can  be  easily  plugged  in  and  out  of  the  iot  device  to  allow  the  user  to  power  the  device
__label__machineconditionmonitoring on  and  off.  the  battery  is  placed  between  two  pcb  soldering  boards.  the  temperature  sensors  connection  mounts  over  the  bluetooth  chip  and  under  the  lower  pcb  board,  where  it  will  be  in  contact  with  the  users  skin  when  the  device  is  worn.  the  pulse  sensor  extends  to  the  palm  where  it  should  be  wrapped  around  the  users  index  finger.  it  is  easy  to  measure  pulse  from  finger  during  daily  activities  of  the  user.  finally,  the  velcro  is  glued  to  the  bottom  of  the  lower  pcb  board  and  covered  in  black  leather  to  give  the  device  a  better  appearance.  a  complete
__label__machineconditionmonitoring smart  wearable  iot  device  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  5:  3  smart  iot  device  performance  .  in  this  section,  we  explain  the  power  consumption  of  the  iot  device  in  different  modes.  when  the  iot  device  is  powered,  the  bluetooth  enters  the  idle  mode  where  it  blinks  on  and  off  waiting  for  a  connection  request.  when  the  android  device  connects  to  the  iot  device  through  the  application,  the  bluetooths  led  stops  blinking  and  is  set  to  green  indicating  a  successful  connection.  the  performance  of  the  device  can  be  determined  by  measuring  the  current  consumption  which  tells  us  how  long  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring device  can  be  powered.  the  voltage  supplied  from  the  battery  is  constant  since  the  arduino  mini  takes  the  voltage  it  needs  and  supplies  to  the  devices  connected  to  it.  the  typical  way  to  determine  the  performance  of  the  device  is  by  checking  the  amount  of  current  that  is  drawn  from  the  battery  in  the  different  modes.  the  two  modes  in  which  we  test  the  device  are  the  idle  mode  and  the  connected/transmitting  mode.  the  measuring  unit  of  the  battery  is  in  milliamp  hour  mah  which  is  an  energy  measure.  a  battery  with  2200  mah  will  work  for  an  hour  if
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  current  drawn  from  it  is  always  2200  ma.  similarly,  if  the  current  draw  is  1100  ma,  the  battery  would  last  two  hours.  therefore,  to  measure  how  long  the  device  can  be  powered  in  the  on  state  without  the  battery  draining,  we  need  to  calculate  the  average  current  draw  of  the  iot  device.  table  shows  the  current  draws,  the  devices  lifetime,  and  the  power  consumption  during  the  two  modes  for  the  iot  device.  table  3:  the  performance  of  the  smart  iot  device  shows  that  the  system  can  collect  data  for  a  long  period  of  time  in  both  modes  which  makes
__label__machineconditionmonitoring it  very  useful  for  users.  when  the  battery  is  too  low  on  power  to  operate  the  device,  it  can  be  recharged  by  simply  plugging  the  batterys  wires  to  a  charger.  to  receive  and  analyze  data  from  the  iot  device,  we  use  a  heart  rate  and  body  temperature  collector  interface  in  the  smartphone.  as  described  in  the  hardware  section,  we  developed  a  bluetooth  communication  channel  that  is  capable  of  transmitting  data  from  the  pulse  and  temperature  sensors  to  the  smartphone.  on  receiving  data  from  the  sensors,  the  system  processes  the  data  to  identify  any  abnormality  in  the  heart  rate.  to  transmit
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  to  the  smartphone  through  bluetooth  channel,  we  opened  a  socket  from  the  android  application  that  connected  to  the  transmitting  signals  of  the  bluetooth  module.  to  communicate  with  the  arduino,  we  created  a  software  serial  object  and  specified  the  transmitting  and  receiving  pins.  when  the  bluetooth  is  supplied  with  power,  it  immediately  enters  the  pairing  mode,  where  it  waits  for  any  device  to  connect  to  it.  then  the  smartphone  bluetooth  adapter  is  opened  through  the  application  and  it  starts  searching  for  the  devices.  after  a  successful  connection,  the  application  will  produce  a  message  on  the  screen  informing  the  user  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  connection  was  successful,  and  the  bluetooth  chips  led  will  turn  from  red  pairing  mode  to  green  connected  mode.  the  detail  user  interface  of  our  system  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  6:  after  connecting  to  the  iot  device,  the  application  will  automatically  start  receiving  the  sensors  data.  the  application  parses  the  temperature  and  pulse  data  into  separate  arrays  that  are  then  sent  to  different  pages  where  they  are  plotted  in  real  time.  the  user  has  the  option  of  either  viewing  the  separate  plots  for  each  sensor  data  or  viewing  a  page  that  has  both  plots  in  real  time.  while
__label__machineconditionmonitoring data  is  being  plotted,  the  algorithm  is  constantly  examining  the  ecg  signal  waiting  for  any  abnormality.  the  user  will  have  the  option  of  either  signing  up  or  logging  in  depending  on  whether  the  user  has  an  account  or  not.  if  the  user  has  an  account  s/he  can  simply  enter  the  username  and  password  to  login.  if  not,  clicking  on  the  signup  button  will  take  the  user  to  another  page  where  s/he  will  be  asked  to  enter  some  information  to  create  an  account.  the  user  will  then  be  directed  to  the  home  page  of  the  application  where  s/he  will  have  different
__label__machineconditionmonitoring options.  the  user  will  need  to  connect  to  the  iot  device  before  s/he  can  start  viewing  his/her  data.  this  can  be  done  by  pressing  the  connect  button  which  will  take  the  user  to  another  page  where  s/he  can  find  the  device.  in  the  connect  page,  at  first  the  user  needs  to  turn  on  the  bluetooth  of  the  android  device.  by  pressing  the  turn  on  button,  the  android  device  will  respond  to  the  applications  request,  asking  the  user  if  the  application  can  open  the  bluetooth  and  by  hitting  yes,  the  bluetooth  turns  on.  the  user  can  then  go  to  the  home
__label__machineconditionmonitoring page  where  s/he  will  have  several  options  between  viewing  his/her  realtime  plots  of  the  sensed  data  or  going  to  the  decision  page.  the  decision  page  will  basically  have  information  that  describes  the  users  current  health  status.  the  time  axis  in  realtime  graphs  shows  that  the  graph  retrieves  the  current  time  from  the  android  device  and  displays  it  in  real  time  as  the  axis  moves  with  incoming  data  points.  after  we  finalized  the  system  and  were  retrieving  accurate  results,  we  began  testing  on  test  subjects.  since,  we  cannot  test  our  system  with  real  people  who  have  a  chronic  heart  disease,  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring recruited  a  group  of  participants,  a  variety  of  age  groups,  and  a  range  of  heights  see  table  for  statistics.  table  4:  the  data  collection  process  can  be  divided  into  two  parts,  reading  the  data  from  the  sensors  and  sending  it  to  the  smartphone.  for  the  first  part,  one  sensor  gets  the  hearts  pulse  rate  and  the  other  one  gets  the  body  temperature.  the  sensors  data  is  parsed  and  plotted  on  the  devices  screen.  the  sampling  frequency  or  rate  at  which  we  are  collected  sensor  data  is  the  key  challenge  in  data  collection  process.  for  our  system,  we  send  the  data
__label__machineconditionmonitoring from  the  two  sensors  simultaneously,  so  intuitively,  the  sampling  rate  for  our  system  would  be  less  than  the  sampling  rate  of  a  system  that  reads  data  from  just  one  sensor.  given  that  the  body  temperature  does  not  undergo  as  many  changes  as  the  ecg  signal,  we  increased  the  ecgs  sampling  rate  by  decreasing  the  temperatures  sampling  rate.  we  fixed  the  sampling  rates  for  the  temperature  sensor  and  the  ecg  signal  at  5  hz  and  160  hz,  respectively.  figure  shows  the  block  diagram  that  describes  the  sensor  data  collection  interface.  the  bluetooth  chip  is  also  connected  to  the  arduino  which  enables
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  iot  device  to  transmit  the  sensed  data  to  the  smartphone  application.  figure  7:  first,  the  user  wears  the  device  as  described  in  the  hardware  section  and  then  uses  the  application  to  connect  to  the  bluetooth  interface  as  described  in  the  software  section.  from  this  point  the  user  only  needs  to  interface  with  the  application  where  s/he  can  navigate  through  the  different  options.  our  proposed  system  is  used  to  collect  data  from  the  users  and  store  it  in  the  smartphones  database  and  it  can  plot  and  process  the  data  in  real  time.  to  be  able  to  write  our  algorithm,  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring had  to  collect  data  from  test  subjects  while  doing  different  activities.  the  three  scenarios  that  we  consider  for  each  subject  are:  sitting,  walking,  and  climbing  upstairs.  we  believe  that  those  different  scenarios  can  help  us  understand  how  everyones  heart  behaves  during  different  activities.  the  data  collected  show  that  the  system  has  a  data  collection  system  that  is  capable  of  gathering  data  under  any  circumstances,  such  as  in  the  three  scenarios  described  above.  in  this  section,  we  show  the  sample  ecg  data  for  test  subjects.  the  sample  temperature  sensor  data  are  just  plots  to  demonstrate  the  accuracy  of  the  sensor.  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring this  subsection,  we  present  the  detailed  data  for  our  temperature  sensing  process.  temperature  does  not  need  much  analysis  except  for  converting  the  data  points  to  the  time  domain  and  smoothing  the  signal  for  better  visual  representation.  the  noisiness  in  temperature  signal  indicates  a  need  for  smoothing.  the  y  axis  represents  the  temperature  in  celsius  and  the  x  axis  shows  the  number  of  data  points.  to  convert  the  data  points  to  time  in  seconds,  we  need  to  use  the  sampling  frequency  which  for  this  case  was  100  hz.  the  sampling  rate  that  was  used  here  was  just  to  demonstrate  the  plot
__label__machineconditionmonitoring in  an  easier  way  since  700  hundred  data  points  can  be  easily  mapped  to  7  seconds  using  100  hz.  however,  the  sampling  rates  used  for  our  system  are  still  5  hz  for  the  temperature  data  and  160  hz  for  the  ecg  data.  figure  shows  a  set  of  data  when  converted  from  data  points  to  time  in  seconds.  the  temperature  sensor  used  in  our  work  has  an  accuracy  of  /  0.5,  which  allows  it  to  capture  changes  in  temperature  very  quickly  as  shown  in  the  7  second  plots  in  figure  .  the  one  on  the  left  shows  the  temperature  decreasing  while
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  one  on  the  right  shows  the  temperature  increasing.  figure  8:  ecg  data  was  collected  from  test  subjects  and  analyzed  on  matlab.  in  this  section,  we  show  the  data  of  four  test  subjects  in  the  three  scenarios,  two  males  and  two  females.  we  were  able  to  collect  data  for  the  walking  scenario  using  treadmills  and  for  the  climbing  upstairs  scenario  using  stair  steppers  at  the  rec  center.  for  each  scenario,  we  show  the  ecg  signal  and  its  corresponding  heart  rate.  the  heart  rate  was  ultimately  calculated  using  the  fourier  transform  method  to  make  sure  it  is  accurate  .  table  shows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  information  of  the  four  test  subjects.  table  5:  it  is  observed  that  the  data  collected  for  test  subject  1  while  sitting  had  no  problems.  variations  occurred  when  the  data  collected  while  walking  and  climbing  upstairs.  this  is  a  result  of  the  sensor  moving  while  the  subject  was  performing  the  different  activities.  we  collected  data  for  multiple  times  before  we  start  analyzing.  however,  we  decided  to  present  the  noisy  data  obtained  for  subject  1  to  show  the  major  distinction  between  noisy  and  proper  ecg  data.  therefore,  the  heart  rates  for  subject  1  for  the  last  two  scenarios  are  displayed  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring n/a.  a  sample  ecg  signals  for  sitting,  walking,  and  climbing  upstairs  for  a  test  subject  shown  in  figure  .  figure  9:  our  data  analysis  was  mostly  done  using  matlab.  in  signal  processing,  noise  is  a  general  term  for  unwanted  alterations  that  a  signal  may  suffer  during  collecting,  storing,  transmitting,  or  processing  data  .  we  collected  data  from  analog  sensors  and  transmitting  them  over  a  low  power  bluetooth  communication  channel.  we  need  data  enhancement  techniques  before  we  can  start  analyzing  the  data  as  the  reading  can  be  affected  by  noise  through  the  process.  since  temperature  values  do  not  usually  have  many
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fluctuations,  we  are  more  concerned  about  the  enhancement  of  the  ecg  signals.  extracting  features  from  a  noisy  signal  can  give  a  heart  rate  of  200  when  the  actual  heart  rate  is  80.  therefore,  we  ensure  that,  before  we  send  our  signal  to  the  feature  extraction  method,  almost  every  unwanted  part  of  the  signal  is  removed.  the  baseline  wander  is  a  problem  that  shows  ecg  signals  in  a  wavy  fashion  rather  than  being  more  of  a  constant  envelope.  a  high  pass  filter  to  the  signal  improves  the  look  of  the  signal  because  it  removes  the  low  frequency  component  that  manifests  itself
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  a  sinelike  pattern  of  the  baseline.  removing  the  baseline  wander  gives  a  better  signal  which  can  help  us  process  data  more  accurately.  equation  describes  the  process  of  reducing  noise  using  base  line  wonder  ,  where  is  the  cutoff  frequency  and  is  the  filter  order:  first,  we  smooth  the  signal  using  the  matlab  built  in  function  smooth,  which  gives  us  that  sinewavelike  signal,  then  we  subtract  that  sinewavelike  low  frequency  component  from  the  collected  ecg  signal.  the  time  domain  operation  of  a  low  pass  filter  for  signals  is  the  mathematical  operation  called  the  moving  average  often  addressed  to  as  smoothing.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  enhanced  version  was  achieved  by  applying  a  low  pass  filter  with  a  very  satisfying  result  as  can  be  seen  in  the  plot.  the  key  when  using  high  pass  or  low  pass  filters  is  to  choose  the  correct  cutoff  frequency.  choosing  the  wrong  cutoff  frequency  can  result  in  huge  alterations  in  the  signal  and  irrelevant  or,  worse,  erroneous  data  decisions.  equation  describes  the  operation  of  low  pass  filtering.  we  apply  a  moving  average  which  is  achieved  by  using  the  smooth  function  in  matlab.  using  the  correct  window  for  smoothing  is  essential  as  it  can  affect  the  signals  expected  output.  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  ecg  signal  we  used  a  smoothing  window  of  20  data  points.  after  noise  reduction,  we  extracted  heart  rate,  rr  intervals,  and  st  segments  from  ecg  signals.  we  used  these  features  as  inputs  of  our  prediction  algorithm  along  with  the  body  temperature.  in  the  next  subsections,  we  describe  the  process  of  extracting  features  from  the  ecg  signal.  we  extracted  heart  rate  or  beats  per  minutes  bpm  from  collected  ecg  signals.  we  can  calculate  bpm  using  several  techniques  including  taking  the  number  of  qrs  peaks  in  a  given  time,  using  autocorrelation,  or  using  fourier  transform.  the  first  technique  sometimes  yields  inaccurate
__label__machineconditionmonitoring results;  however,  when  a  signal  has  no  baseline  wander  problem,  this  technique  should  work.  autocorrelation  and  fourier  transform  techniques  yield  very  accurate  results.  1  autocorrelation  .  in  autocorrelation,  a  signal  is  correlated  with  a  shifted  copy  of  itself  as  a  function  of  delay  or  lag.  correlation  indicates  the  similarity  between  observations  as  a  function  of  the  time  lag  between  them.  we  used  this  technique  to  analyze  our  data  as  the  collected  ecg  signals  are  periodic.  first,  we  calculate  the  difference  between  two  peaks  which  gives  the  length  of  one  period  in  data  points.  dividing  that  number  of  data  points  by
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  sampling  frequency  gives  us  the  time  in  seconds  of  one  period.  inversing  and  multiplying  it  by  60  give  us  the  total  beats  per  minute.  the  mathematical  equation  for  the  autocorrelation  function  for  signal  processing  is  shown  in  the  equation  shows  the  summation  of  the  product  of  a  signal  and  a  shifted  version  of  it  from  the  equation,  one  can  intuitively  understand  that,  at  lag  zero,  the  signal  will  have  the  highest  amplitude  since  it  is  a  multiplication  of  itself  without  any  shift.  2  fourier  transform  .  the  fourier  transform  extracts  the  frequencies  and  harmonics  of  the  signal.  so,  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring find  the  location  of  the  maximum  harmonic  in  the  frequency  plot.  the  first  significant  harmonic  in  the  signal  is  shown  approximately  around  0.92  the  red  circle  as  shown  in  figure  ,  which  represents  the  beats  per  second.  simply  multiplying  this  by  60  gives  us  the  beats  per  minute.  the  other  peaks  in  the  signal  represent  either  noise  or  information  are  irrelevant  in  terms  of  calculating  the  heart  rate.  figure  10:  the  equations  for  the  fourier  and  inverse  fourier  transforms  are  shown  below  in  and  ,  respectively  .  where  is  the  frequency  domain  of  a  given  signal  and  is  the  time
__label__machineconditionmonitoring domain  of  the  signal.  for  our  data  analysis,  we  used  an  fft  function  in  matlab  that  gives  us  the  plot  of  the  signal  in  the  frequency  domain.  from  there,  we  get  the  location  of  the  maximum  harmony  and  multiply  it  by  60  to  get  the  beats  per  minute.  another  feature  that  we  extracted  from  the  ecg  signal  is  called  the  rr  interval,  which  is  the  interval  between  successive  r  peaks  in  an  ecg  signal.  for  normal  ecg  signals,  the  rr  intervals  do  not  fluctuate  or  suddenly  change  in  a  drastic  manner.  we  recorded  rr  intervals  by  having  the  standard  deviation
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  the  signal.  figure  gives  a  visual  representation  of  an  rr  interval  figure  11:  basically,  we  find  the  r  peaks  and  subtract  the  peaks  locations  in  time,  giving  us  the  duration  between  each  beat.  we  find  the  peaks  using  a  threshold  value  that  ensures  that  all  the  r  peaks  are  included.  to  do  that,  we  get  the  maximum  of  the  signal  and  subtract  it  by  a  specified  percentage  to  ensure  that  all  the  intervals  are  above  the  threshold  value.  the  reason  for  this  was  because  not  all  the  r  peaks  have  the  same  voltage  value,  the  voltage  values  of  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring peaks  usually  fluctuate  which  is  why  we  dynamically  calculate  that  threshold  value  based  on  the  portion  of  the  ecg  signal  with  which  we  are  dealing.  we  create  arrays  that  store  the  rr  intervals  of  the  ecg  signal  to  calculate  the  variability  of  the  durations.  also,  another  feature  is  that  we  extracted  st  segment  voltage  value  from  the  ecg  signals.  we  take  the  st  segment  into  consideration  for  heart  attack  predictions  since  elevated  st  segments  are  one  of  the  biggest  indicators  of  heart  attacks.  figure  shows  the  sample  data  from  one  of  our  test  subjects.  to  calculate  the  st  segment  voltage
__label__machineconditionmonitoring value,  we  take  the  average  of  the  points  shown  in  the  rectangle.  figure  12:  this  produces  a  number  that  represents  the  st  segment  voltage  value.  the  rr  interval  is  basically  the  range  between  both  peaks.  we  take  a  20  percent  from  that  range  and  add  it  to  the  location  of  the  first  peak  which  gives  us  the  point  where  we  would  start  adding  the  voltage  values.  then  we  take  50  percent  of  the  range  and  subtract  it  from  the  location  of  the  subsequent  peak,  which  gives  us  the  point  where  we  would  stop  adding  the  voltage  values.  those  voltage  values
__label__machineconditionmonitoring are  shown  in  the  box  in  figure  .  after  adding  all  the  voltage  values,  we  divide  by  the  number  of  points  to  get  the  average  voltage  value  representing  the  st  segment.  typically,  the  voltage  values  of  a  normal  ecg  would  be  much  lower  than  the  voltage  values  of  an  ecg  with  an  elevated  st  segment.  we  also  use  a  standard  deviation  analysis  to  detect  if  an  st  segment  suddenly  changed.  note  that  using  percentages  of  the  rr  interval  to  get  the  locations  of  the  st  segment  voltage  values  and  then  averaging  them  is  not  a  conventional  way  to  calculate  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring voltage  value  of  the  st  segment.  this  is  based  on  our  analysis,  which  used  trial  and  error,  and  that  method  to  extract  the  st  segment  voltage  value  provided  us  with  the  best  results.  the  algorithm  is  the  most  important  part  of  the  system.  the  algorithm  functions  as  shown  in  the  flow  chart  in  figure  .  the  first  step  is  to  read  the  data  from  the  sensors  at  5  hz  for  the  temperature  data  and  160  hz  for  the  ecg  data.  we  then  maintain  a  sampling  window  of  5  seconds  on  which  to  perform  all  computations.  after  selecting  the  sample  window,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  reduce  the  noise  by  applying  the  filtering  techniques  discussed  in  section  .  after  removing  all  the  noise  components  from  the  signals,  we  extract  the  three  features  from  the  ecg  and  pass  on  those  features  along  with  the  temperature  data  to  our  prediction  algorithm.  if  the  results  from  the  algorithm  indicate  that  the  current  sample  window  is  normal,  the  window  shifts  by  1  second  and  takes  the  next  5  seconds  of  data.  if  the  algorithm  detects  an  abnormality,  it  immediately  warns  the  user.  using  a  moving  window  of  1  second  creates  the  need  more  computation  but  it  provides  faster  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring more  accurate  feature  extraction  and  prediction  results.  this  means  the  next  sample  window  will  have  1  second  of  new  data  and  4  seconds  of  data  from  the  previous  sample  window.  figure  13:  our  prediction  algorithm  is  based  on  a  predictive  machinelearning  model  called  j48  decision  tree  .  this  model  decides  the  target  value  of  a  new  sample  based  on  various  attribute  values  of  the  available  data.  we  apply  that  model  to  our  algorithm  with  the  result  that  the  target  value  would  indicate  whether  the  patient  is  having  a  heart  attack  or  not,  and  the  available  data  would  be  contained  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  extracted  features.  we  note  that  the  decision  tree  is  a  general  model  that  can  be  used  in  many  applications  in  many  different  ways.  we  designed  a  novel  algorithm;  heart  attack  prediction  using  a  decision  tree  based  on  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis  dtsdsa;  that  uses  the  decision  tree  model  with  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis.  we  examine  the  method  by  which  the  extracted  features  are  processed  at  the  decision  tree.  using  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis,  we  determine  whether  the  features  are  abnormal  or  abnormal.  figure  shows  the  structure  of  our  decision  tree  which  refers  to  the  prediction  algorithm
__label__machineconditionmonitoring block  in  figure  .  our  algorithm  uses  warning  levels  from  0  to  4  to  determine  the  degree  of  abnormality  for  each  incoming  window.  figure  14:  we  employ  a  sample  window  and  a  moving  window.  the  sample  window  contains  the  part  of  the  ecg  signal  that  is  being  processed  while  the  moving  window  specifies  the  amount  by  which  that  sample  window  is  shifted  to  start  taking  the  next  sample  window.  figure  illustrates  the  appearance  of  both  of  the  windows  on  one  of  our  test  subjects  for  both  sensors.  as  shown  in  figure  ,  the  sample  window  is  5  seconds  and  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring moving  window  is  1  second.  this  provides  an  overlap  of  4  seconds  for  subsequent  sample  windows.  we  note  that,  for  the  30  second  ecg  signal  shown  below,  if  we  did  not  have  a  moving  window,  we  would  have  only  had  6  sample  windows  30  seconds/5  second  windows.  this  means  that  the  features  would  only  be  updated  6  times  throughout  the  entire  30  seconds.  the  way  we  implemented  it,  we  get  26  results  instead  of  6  for  the  entire  30  seconds.  this  represents  a  far  more  practical  method  since  heart  rates  change  very  fast,  especially  during  cardiac  events.  figure  15:  figure
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 16:  for  each  sample  window,  the  feature  extraction  function  returns  a  single  value  for  the  heart  rate,  in  a  onedimensional  array  with  the  rr  interval  durations,  and  a  onedimensional  array  with  the  st  segment  voltage  values.  since  heart  rates  are  the  most  important  feature  that  describe  the  hearts  status,  we  start  by  checking  variations  in  the  heart  beats  first.  we  do  so  by  making  sure  that  the  heart  rate  is  consistent  using  our  standard  deviation  analysis.  any  heart  rate  while  walking  or  running  is  obviously  going  to  be  higher  than  the  heart  rate  while  sitting  or  resting.  since  we  have
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  wide  range  of  heart  rates  that  are  considered  normal,  we  were  not  able  to  simply  apply  a  thresholding  technique  where  a  heart  rate  above  a  certain  threshold  value  would  be  a  sign  of  potential  heart  failure.  heart  rates  can  vary  from  55  all  the  way  to  150  depending  on  the  person  and  what  the  person  is  doing.  by  using  our  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis,  we  only  detect  an  issue  with  the  heart  rate  when  it  suddenly  fluctuates  out  of  the  normal  range.  if  the  current  heart  rate  has  an  error  above  7  percent,  we  set  the  warning  level  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 1.  for  example,  if  a  persons  average  heart  rate  is  between  80  beats  per  minute  for  20  seconds  then  suddenly  goes  up  to  100,  the  error  would  be  25  percent.  we  only  proceed  to  check  the  rr  intervals  if  there  is  a  problem  with  the  current  heart  rate.  for  the  rr  intervals  and  st  segments  arrays,  with  which  we  are  dealing,  we  calculate  the  standard  deviation  of  the  sample  window  for  both  features.  if  the  rr  intervals  error  is  higher  than  a  certain  percentage,  we  set  the  warning  level  to  2  and  proceed  to  check  the  st  segment.  if  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring st  segment  also  has  an  error  higher  than  what  is  considered  to  be  normal,  we  set  the  warning  level  to  3  and  proceed  to  check  the  body  temperature.  at  this  point,  we  already  know  that  this  sample  window  is  abnormal.  we  still  check  the  body  temperature  to  see  if  the  warning  level  would  go  up  to  4  or  not  since  up  to  this  point,  it  can  be  a  false  reading  based  on  errors  in  feature  extraction  due  to  noisy  signals.  since  the  temperature  is  a  single  value,  we  calculate  the  error  the  same  way  we  did  for  the  heart  rates
__label__machineconditionmonitoring only  with  different  thresholds.  we  then  return  the  warning  level  for  each  sample  window  to  process  that  warning  and  read  the  next  sample  window.  we  created  a  dynamic  buffer  that  attends  to  the  processing  of  warnings  that  are  returned  for  each  sample  window.  the  buffer  is  responsible  for  collecting  the  warning  levels  and  making  a  decision.  to  implement  the  buffer,  we  created  another  window  called  the  prediction  window  along  with  a  moving  window.  this  window  initially  waits  to  collect  the  results  from  8  sample  windows  8  warnings.  the  moving  window  then  shifts  the  prediction  window  2  spots  to  the  right.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  decision  is  made  on  each  prediction  window  based  on  a  ratio  that  is  calculated  from  the  warning  levels.  figure  shows  the  technique  by  which  the  prediction  and  moving  windows  are  established.  the  moving  window  is  equivalent  to  2  warnings  and  the  prediction  window  is  equivalent  to  8  warnings,  which  results  in  10  prediction  windows  for  the  30  second  segment.  assuming  that  the  body  temperatures  are  normal,  the  worst  case  would  be  a  prediction  window  with  all  3s  which  gives  a  sum  of  24.  we  add  all  the  warning  levels  and  divide  by  24.  if  the  ratio  is  0.5  or
__label__machineconditionmonitoring above,  we  trigger  a  warning  to  the  user.  the  results  shown  in  figure  are  from  an  ecg  signal  that  was  very  noisy  and  did  not  have  any  characteristics  of  a  proper  ecg.  the  algorithm  therefore  started  detecting  abnormalities  in  the  third  prediction  window.  running  this  algorithm  on  normal  ecgs  for  healthy  subjects  gave  us  ratios  that  were  either  zero  or  close  to  zero.  those  were  our  first  indications  that  the  algorithm  does  indeed  work.  however,  our  next  step  was  to  run  the  algorithm  on  real  test  subjects  with  heart  failures  for  more  validation.  the  results  are  shown  and  discussed  in
__label__machineconditionmonitoring more  detail  in  the  next  section.  to  evaluate  our  proposed  system,  we  developed  a  prototype  application  and  investigated  its  performance.  we  evaluated  the  prototype  with  extensive  experiments.  in  this  section,  we  explain  how  the  data  is  analyzed  and  performance  is  measured  for  healthy  and  unhealthy  subjects.  the  results  shown  are  for  one  test  subject  in  the  three  different  scenarios.  since  all  subjects  had  normal  body  temperatures,  we  will  show  the  ecg  signals  and  the  results  of  the  prediction  algorithm  for  each  sample  window.  the  test  subjects  information  is  shown  in  table  .  table  6:  the  ecg  signal  while  walking  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring considered  as  a  normal  and,  therefore,  no  warning  will  trigger.  the  ecg  signal  while  walking  also  consider  as  normal.  but,  we  had  a  couple  of  false  warnings  while  walking.  we  use  the  prediction  window  to  eliminate  the  false  warnings  in  our  algorithm.  figure  shows  that  the  results  from  the  prediction  algorithm  had  three  warnings  of  level  one  while  walking.  therefore,  there  was  no  need  to  warn  the  user  since  it  was  a  false  error.  figure  17:  the  algorithm  triggered  a  few  warnings  as  well  while  the  test  subject  was  climbing  upstairs.  as  shown  in  figure  ,  there  are  a  few
__label__machineconditionmonitoring warnings  for  each  prediction  window,  but,  none  of  which  above  50  percent,  threshold  level  for  indicating  a  myocardial  infarction  mi.  figure  18:  we  were  able  to  download  datasets  from  a  database  online  that  has  records  of  patients  who  suffered  from  sudden  cardiac  deaths.  we  also  ran  the  algorithm  on  our  20  healthy  test  subjects  and  the  results  validated  that  the  algorithm  works  with  a  high  accuracy  for  the  healthy  test  subjects.  table  shows  the  information  of  each  test  subject  .  table  7:  the  results  showed  that  the  algorithm  gives  no  warnings  for  all  scenarios  that  had  different  heart  rates.  however,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  validate  our  algorithm  using  only  healthy  subject  data  is  not  enough.  even  though  we  ran  our  algorithm  on  noisy  data,  we  still  cannot  conclude  that  our  algorithm  can  predict  heart  problems.  therefore,  we  downloaded  10  datasets  from  a  database  online  that  has  ecg  signals  for  patients  that  suffered  from  sudden  cardiac  deaths.  the  ecg  signals  we  selected  for  each  test  subject  was  moments  before  the  subject  passed  away.  we  tested  our  algorithm  on  the  ecg  signals  from  all  the  subjects  shown  in  table  and  the  results  were  accurate  as  expected.  we  show  some  details  of  the  algorithms  results  for
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  subject  5  from  table  .  figure  shows  the  ecg  signal  for  subject  5.  figure  19:  before  showing  the  prediction  algorithm  results,  we  will  explain  the  results  from  the  feature  extraction  to  show  why  the  algorithm  triggered  warnings.  heart  rates  for  first  11  sample  windows  sample  window  2  figure  20:  figure  21:  the  prediction  results  for  the  ecg  signal  are  shown  in  figure  .  the  warning  result  from  the  second  sample  window,  the  one  we  discussed,  is  highlighted  in  yellow.  we  observed  a  remarkable  fluctuation  in  all  the  features  and  the  algorithm  triggered  warnings  of  level  3  for  almost  all
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  sample  windows  as  expected  for  a  patient  who  had  a  history  of  cardiac  surgery  and  passed  away  shortly  after  the  signal  was  recorded.  figure  22:  in  this  paper,  we  designed  and  developed  an  integrated  smart  iot  system  to  predict  and  monitor  heart  abnormality  in  user.  we  also  managed  to  create  a  low  power  consumption  communication  channel  between  the  smart  iot  device  and  the  smartphone  application.  this  research  provides  users  a  noninvasive  device  that  allows  them  to  better  understand  how  they  may  feel  about  their  ecg.  the  results  from  different  data  sets  are  also  presented  to  show  that  this  approach
__label__machineconditionmonitoring provides  a  high  rate  of  classification  correctness  in  distinguishing  between  at  normal  and  abnormal  ecg  patterns.  the  system  may  also  find  multiple  applications  in  behavior  detection  for  people  with  various  disabilities.  to  test  the  chronological  durability  and  longterm  feasibility  of  our  approach  in  the  future,  we  plan  to  test  our  system  with  data  from  the  people  who  suffer  from  heart  problems.  we  plan  to  test  the  power  consumption  rate  for  whole  working  life  of  the  device  during  test  on  the  field.  we  also  plan  to  measure  the  different  physiological  parameters  of  the  user  during  daily  activities.  additionally,  the  system  can
__label__machineconditionmonitoring be  used  in  the  smart  home  monitoring  system  for  future  wireless  technology.  also,  we  can  enhance  the  system  by  adding  more  sensors,  like,  galvanic  skin  response  gsr,  accelerometer,  to  the  iot  device.  the  data  used  to  support  the  findings  of  this  study  are  available  from  the  corresponding  author  upon  request.  this  paper  is  based  on  the  ms  thesis  work  by  the  author  yosuf  amr  elsaadany  .  the  authors  declare  that  they  have  no  conflicts  of  interest  regarding  the  publication  of  this  paper.  this  work  was  supported  in  part  by  the  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  miami  university,  oxford,  oh,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring usa.  we  would  like  to  thank  the  electrical  engineering  department  at  miami  university  for  funding  the  project.  this  especially  includes  ms.  tina  carico  and  jeff  peterson.  we  would  also  like  to  thank  ishmat  zerin  for  reviewing  the  early  drafts  of  this  paper.  internet  of  things:  converging  technologies  for  smart  environments  and  integrated  ecosystems  smart  cities  and  the  internet  of  everything:  the  foundation  for  delivering  nextgeneration  citizen  services  the  internet  of  things  how  the  next  evolution  of  the  internet  is  changing  everything  proceedings  of  science  and  information  conference,  sai  2013  choosing  an  iot  security  provider  journal  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering
__label__machineconditionmonitoring proceedings  of  the  40th  annual  conference  of  the  ieee  industrial  electronics  society  proceedings  of  the  11th  international  bhurban  conference  on  applied  sciences  and  technology  proceedings  of  the  4th  international  workshop  on  the  web  of  things  wot  2013,  ubicomp  13  adjunct  international  journal  of  smart  home  journal  of  healthcare  engineering  journal  of  biomedical  informatics  proceedings  of  the  10th  iberian  conference  on  information  systems  and  technologies  cisti  15  journal  of  the  american  heart  association  aaohn  journal  :  official  journal  of  the  american  association  of  occupational  health  nurses  mobile  computing,  applications,  and  services  international  journal  of  pharmacy  technology  ijpt  international  journal  of  innovative
__label__machineconditionmonitoring research  in  computer  and  communication  engineering  mobile  networks  and  applications  international  journal  of  humancomputer  studies  ieee  transactions  on  information  technology  in  biomedicine  proceedings  of  the  7th  international  conference  on  pervasive  computing  technologies  for  healthcare  and  workshops,  pervasivehealth  2013  proceedings  of  the  11th  ieee  international  symposium  on  wearable  computers  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  biosignal  analysis,  processing  and  systems  icbaps  signal  processing  noise,  electrical  engineering  and  applied  signal  processing  series  international  journal  of  engineering  research  and  general  science  a  wireless  early  prediction  system  of  cardiac  arrest  through  iot.  dissertation,  thesis  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring iot  predictive  maintenance  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  in  largescale  industrial  machine  deployments  today  is  to  keep  track  of  the  functioning  of  the  machines,  and  to  minimize  the  downtime.  there  is  a  huge  benefit  in  being  able  to  predict  accurately  the  failure  of  a  particular  machine.  at  persistent,  we  understand  this  challenge  and  have  build  solutions  that:  whitepaper:  facial  analysis:  face  recognition,  expression  recognition,  and  gender  identification  how  machine  learning  can  help  with  demonetisation  and  counterfeit  currency  anomaly  detection  in  iiot:  a  case  study  using  machine  learning  machine  learning  will  be  the  most  exciting  tech  trend  of  2018:  persistent  systems
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cto  engage  persistent  systems  to  conduct  a  machine  learning  workshop  for  you  watch  how  chatops  uses  ai  ml  to  integrate  and  automate  devops  process  the  website  is  best  viewed  on  the  latest  versions  of  chrome,  firefox,  and  safari  browsers.  start  typing  and  press  enter  to  search  h6  classorangecolor  styletextalign:center;  marginbottom:20pxcontact  us/h6  p  styletextalign:center;width:100;  script  srchttps://www.linkedin.com/autofill/js/autofill.js  typetext/plain  classoptanoncategory4  async/scriptscript  typein/form2  dataformrhscontactus  datafieldfirstnameyourfirstname  datafieldemailyouremail  datafieldcompanycompanyname  datafieldtitlejobtitle/script/p  yes,  i  would  like  persistent  to  contact  me  on  the  information  provided  above.  click  to  read  our  full  privacy  notice.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot  represents  a  big  wave  of  technological  change,  and  organizations  in  virtually  every  industry  will  benefit  from  this  technology.  some  4.9  billion  connected  objects  will  be  in  use  this  year,  up  30  percent  from  just  last  year,  predicts  research  firm  gartner.  by  2020,  it  adds,  that  number  will  .  businesses  in  many  industries  are  evaluating  the  use  of  iot  technology  for  remote  monitoring  and  to  improve  maintenance  for  mission  critical  operations.  in  a  ,  researchers  with  mckinsey  company  stated  that  high  uncertainty  and  low  growth  rates  have  forced  companies  in  transportation,  energy,  manufacturing  and  other  industries
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  squeeze  every  asset  for  maximum  value.  the  problem  is  that  reactive  maintenance  exposes  companies  to  significant  risks  and  is  businesses  need  to  remain  or  become  competitive.  cheaper  computational  power,  data  streaming,  autonomous  data  management  and  advanced  analytics  with  embedded  machine  learning  and  visualization  are  enabling  more  efficient  and  effective  asset  utilization.  what  is  needed  is  a  predictive  maintenance  system  that  relies  on  an  informed  approach  for  each  production  asset.  it  should  gather  data  from  multiple  connected  sources  such  as  temperature  and  acceleration  so  that  predicting  failure  is  more  regulated.  a  key  functional  component  of  assets  and  equipment  in  many
__label__machineconditionmonitoring industries,  and  the  topic  of  extensive  analysis  and  industry  4.0  i4  focus,  is  the  mechanical  bearing.  bearings  are  critical  components  of  rotating  equipment  including  engines,  fans,  pumps  and  machines  of  all  types.  they  are  responsible  for  the  continuous  operation  of  planes,  vehicles,  production  machinery,  wind  turbines,  air  conditioning  systems  and  elevator  hoists.  the  purpose  of  bearings  is  to  reduce  friction  between  moving  parts  and  to  enable  continuous  operation.  comes  from  the  notion  of  bearing  the  load  of  a  rotating  shaft  or  sliding  surface.  bearings  are  designed  for  continuous  and  long  use  but  each  one  has  a  finite  lifespan  and  eventually
__label__machineconditionmonitoring will  fail.  bearing  failure  causes  the  equipment  it  supports  to  cease  operation,  resulting  in  impact  that  ranges  from  inconvenient  a  household  fan  stops  running  to  disruptive  a  production  line  goes  down  to  catastrophic  a  vehicle  engine  fails.  maintenance  managers  want  to  minimize  risk  and  avoid  unexpected  service  disruptions,  particularly  when  the  economic  or  human  costs  are  high,  but  replacing  bearings  requires  equipment  downtime  and  has  significant  cost.  they  are  constantly  trying  to  achieve  a  balance  between  equipment  up  time  and  maintenance  cost.  three  approaches  to  bearing  maintenance  are:  1  run  to  failure  and  replace,  2  perform  maintenance  at  scheduled  intervals
__label__machineconditionmonitoring based  on  observed  aggregate  historical  norms,  and  3  use  condition  monitoring.  bearing  condition  monitoring  is  based  on  wireless  sensors  embedded  in  bearings  or  located  in  host  assemblies.  it  involves  analyzing  huge  volumes  of  vibration  data,  isolating  frequencies  associated  with  the  bearing  geometry,  calculating  the  spectrum  view  of  the  data,  analyzing  the  spectrum  and  then  comparing  the  spectrum  to  historical  data.  before  they  fail,  bearings  emit  telltale  signs  of  weakness  resulting  from  excessive  wear.  these  signs  include  increased  vibration  and  higher  operating  temperature.  the  trick  is  to  use  data  streams  to  anticipate  time  to  failure  and  to  lower  the  risk  of
__label__machineconditionmonitoring downtime,  while  maximizing  useful  life.  handling  that  stream,  storing  all  the  historical  data,  and  running  the  machine  learning  models  is  all  part  of  the  big  data  story.  if  you  wait  too  long,  you  can  destroy  the  shaft  and  the  bearing.  but  do  it  too  early  and  you  lose  money  by  replacing  a  bearing  that  can  run  longer,  alan  s.  brown.  advances  in  technology  have  made  it  possible  to  establish  normal  operating  conditions  by  continuously  monitoring  the  performance  of  each  individual  bearing,  including  vibration,  temperature,  torque  and  rotational  speed,  and  to  then  use  machine  learning  to  process  vast  amounts  of  data.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  result  is  the  capability  to  find  hidden  patterns  that  represent  potential  failure  scenarios.  and  to  predict  the  remaining  life  of  the  bearing.  the  combination  of  iot,  machine  learning  and  analytics  provides  a  solution  for  maintenance  managers,  enabling  them  to  optimize  machine  life,  manage  costs  and  reduce  the  risk  of  damaging  failure.  machine  learning  comes  without  the  prejudices  of  engineers  who  look  for  problems  only  when  they  expect  to  see  them,  brown  notes.  combining  this  capability  with  powerful,  visual  analytics  provides  realtime  insight  into  bearing  condition  and  empowers  engineers  to  reduce  cost,  raise  up  time  and  lower  risk.  according  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring krishna  raman  of  frost  sullivan,  the  adoption  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiotbased  smart  bearings,  which  can  selfdiagnose  impending  faults  and  failures,  is  expected  to  significantly  increase  in  aerospace  and  defense,  wind  turbines,  railway  and  automotive  segments.  bearing  manufacturers  are  now  looking  at  ways  to  leverage  data  and  analytics  to  provide  predictability  rather  than  just  metal  components,  and  to  catapult  one  of  the  worlds  oldest  mechanical  devices  into  the  digital  future.  visit  our  to  learn  more  about  how  to  apply  to  your  iot  strategy.  guest  author,  j  jakekrakauer  is  the  head  of  product  marketing,  oracle  analytics
__label__machineconditionmonitoring jon  walker  covers  broad  trends  at  the  intersection  of  ai  and  industry  for  emerj.  he  has  reported  on  politics  and  policy  issues  for  news  organizations  including  national  memo,  massroots,  nbc,  and  is  a  published  science  fiction  author.  siemens  click2make,  a  productionasaservice  technology.  by  companies  having  a  full  understanding  of  all  resources  available  and  a  highly  adaptable  robots  the  goal  is  to  eventually  make  manufactures  providing  mass  customization  possible.  ge  fanuc  kuka  concluding  thoughts  on  machine  learning  in  manufacturing  header  image  credit:  discover  the  critical  ai  trends  and  applications  that  separate  winners  from  losers  in  the  future  of  business.  sign  up
__label__machineconditionmonitoring for  the  ai  advantage  newsletter:  machine  learninghas  had  fruitful  applications  in  finance  well  before  the  advent  of  mobile  banking  apps,  proficient  chatbots,  or  search  engines.  given  the  high  volume,  accurate  historical  records,  and  quantitative  nature  of  the  finance  world,  few  industries  are  better  suited  forartificial  intelligence.  there  are  more  uses  cases  of  machine  learning  in  finance  than  ever  before,  a  trend  perpetuated  by  more  accessiblecomputing  power  and  more  accessible  machine  learning  tools  such  as  googles  tensorflow.  moore  stephens  estimated  the  size  of  the  marketing  technology  or  martech  industry  around  24  billion  in  2017.  it  follows  that  ai  would  find  its
__label__machineconditionmonitoring way  into  the  martech  world.  numerous  companies  claiming  to  assist  organizations  in  their  marketing;  we  wrote  a  report  on  marketing  and  ai  detailing  this  connection.  diabetes  is  a  leading  chronic  disease  that  affects  more  than  30  million  people  in  the  united  states.  the  disease  results  from  high  blood  glucose  blood  sugar  due  to  an  inability  to  properly  derive  energy  from  food,  primarily  in  the  form  of  glucose.  insulin  is  a  hormone  that  normally  helps  process  glucose  in  the  body.  however,  in  the  case  of  diabetes,  insulin  is  inadequate  type  2  diabetes  or  obsolete  type  1  diabetes.  typing  what  is  machine
__label__machineconditionmonitoring learning?  into  a  google  search  opens  up  a  pandoras  box  of  forums,  academic  research,  and  heresay  and  the  purpose  of  this  article  is  to  simplify  the  definition  and  understanding  of  machine  learning  thanks  to  the  direct  help  from  our  panel  of  machine  learning  researchers.  in  a  global  market  that  makes  room  for  more  competitors  by  the  day,  some  companies  are  turning  to  ai  and  machine  learning  to  try  to  gain  an  edge.  supply  chain  and  inventory  management  is  a  domain  that  has  missed  some  of  the  media  limelight,  but  one  where  industry  leaders  have  been  hard  at  work  developing  new
__label__machineconditionmonitoring aiand  machine  learning  technologies  over  the  past  decade.  companies  around  the  world  are  making  claims  about  their  supposed  use  of  artificial  intelligence  or  machine  learning  but  which  companies  are  actually  ai  innovators,  and  who  is  bluffing?  weve  distilled  three  simple  rules  of  thumb  for  separating  ai  hype  from  genuine  ai  innovation:  emerj  artificial  intelligence  research  helps  enterprises  and  executives  survive  and  thrive  in  ai  disruption  with  indepth  ai  research,  advisory,  and  insight.  artificial  intelligence  business  trends  and  insights  delivered  every  week:  stay  ahead  of  the  machine  learning  curve  at  emerj,  we  have  the  largest  audience  of  aifocused  business  readers  online
__label__machineconditionmonitoring join  other  industry  leaders  and  receive  our  latest  ai  research,  trends  analysis,  and  interviews  sent  to  your  inbox  weekly.  thanks  for  subscribing  to  the  emerj  ai  advantage  newsletter,  check  your  email  inbox  for  confirmation.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring search  within:  monitoring  is  referred  to  the  wear  and  tear  suffered  by  a  machine  tool  on  the  course  of  operation.  every  machine  tool  suffers  a  fraction  of  wear  depending  upon  the  type  of  tool,  nature  of  job  and  so  on.  with  consistent  wear  and  tear  the  tool  becomes  unusable  at  a  point  of  time.  as  the  tool  keeps  wearing  off,  the  precision  of  the  job  starts  getting  affected.  the  tool  needs  a  replacement  when  it  can  no  more  be  used  to  produce  jobs  with  certain  level  of  accepted  accuracy.  in  industries,  standard  procedures  are  adopted  to  measure  the  wear  and
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tear  of  these  tools.  mostly  these  methods  are  based  on  industrial  accelerometer  sensors  and  high  precision  multi  channel  simultaneous  data  acquisition  units.  is  defined  as  the  overall  predicted  time  for  which  the  tool  can  be  used.  it  is  often  found  out  using  which  is  normally  dependent  upon  speed  of  cut,  depth  of  cut,  feed  rate  and  composition  of  the  material.  but  many  a  times,  the  expected  lifetime  deviate  from  the  calculated  expected  lifetime  due  to  various  production  process  that  includes  improper  feed,  inaccurate  material  composition  that  the  specified  one  and  so  on.  as,  the  expected  too  lifetime  is  an  important
__label__machineconditionmonitoring metric  for  production  and  maintainance  planning,  many  companies  are  now  adopting  standard  observations  for  the  tool  and  are  trying  to  predict  the  accurate  rul  is  defined  as  the  estimated  time  from  current  time  when  the  tool  will  fail  or  unusable  in  production  in  simple  terminology.  often  time  rul  prediction  is  not  as  straightforward  as  it  seems  from  the  description.  a  great  deal  of  research  is  being  going  on  in  this  direction  to  effectively  estimate  rul.  one  of  the  common  approaches  for  this  is  machine  learning  based  techniques.  a  machine  learning  approch  is  one  where  known  data  is  provided  to  a
__label__machineconditionmonitoring computation  engine  based  on  which  the  engine  classifies  the  state  of  given  input  data  or  can  run  a  predictive  analysis  about  the  change  of  state.  therefore,  such  techniques  are  dependent  on  the  features.  as  discussed  earlier,  one  of  the  common  metric  for  measurement  of  the  quality  of  tool  is  to  measure  the  vibration  it  is  producing.  the  vibration  data  is  further  accumulated  through  total  acceleration  in  all  three  direction.  such  a  data  that  varies  with  time  is  also  known  as  .  rul  is  therefore  a  problem  associated  with  various  techniques  including  neural  networks  in  order  to  create  a  machine  learning
__label__machineconditionmonitoring framework  for  rul,  first  the  tool  must  be  used  till  under  constrained  environment  and  the  logged  data  and  the  lifetime  is  observed.  this  technique  has  been  used  conventionally  to  effectively  plan  maintainance  schedule.  with  improved  computational  and  predictive  engines,  time  series  data  acquired  during  rtf  can  be  given  as  input  to  a  machine  learning  technique  which  can  interpolate  the  current  observation  using  neural  networks,  support  vector  machines,  curve  fittings  or  other  techniques  to  find  out  rul.  with  cloud  based  articifical  intelligence  offered  by  microsoft  azure,  ibm  watson,  many  a  companies  are  looking  for  high  precision  accurate  rul  by  utilizing  these
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cloud  service  providers.  this  needs  a  roboust  framework  for  data  acquision,  collection,  analysis  and  prediction.  machines  are  often  referred  as  in  industrial  terminology.  a  company  may  have  several  assets  functioning  in  different  section  of  a  production.  further  assets  may  be  produced  by  different  manufacturers  with  different  specification.  taylors  equation  depends  upon  constants  which  are  further  dependent  on  the  asset  type,  manufacturer,  specifications  and  so  on.  therefore  a  rul  need  following  fundamentals  security  and  latency  of  communication  becomes  added  challenges  on  the  top  of  above  stack.  data  reliability  is  another  issue  that  the  stack  needs  to  address.  we  started  working  towards
__label__machineconditionmonitoring rul  analysis  a  year  back  after  collaborating  with  a  bangalore  based  company.  our  role  was  to  analyze  the  data  being  acquired  throug  rtf  and  find  a  method  that  can  suitably  predict  rul.  needless  to  say,  when  we  started  with  the  project,  entire  project  was  offline.  we  gathered  data  and  recorded  in  text  files.  then  we  analyzed  the  data  in  matlab  and  created  threshold  based  technique  applied  over  various  transformed  domain  to  estimate  the  rul.  our  entire  experimentation  was  based  on  a  single  lathe  machine  and  a  single  tool  carrying  out  a  constrained  job.  we  realized  that  after  sufficient  knowledge  about
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  data,  writing  a  rul  analysis  for  a  single  assetsingle  jobsingle  is  not  that  difficult.  now  consider  a  large  scale  company  with  hundred  or  may  be  even  thousands  of  assets,  deployed  in  different  units  spread  of  entire  geography  carrying  out  several  complex  jobs.  creating  a  universial  rul  analysis  needs  rtf  for  every  type  of  job  in  each  of  the  assets  which  is  theoritically  impossible  in  a  production  cycle.  the  only  way  out  for  this  is  by  using  a  cloud  based  machine  learning  technique,  training  it  with  rtf  of  different  assets  running  planned  constrained  jobs.  then  if  real  time  observation  series
__label__machineconditionmonitoring is  given  as  input  to  this  analysis,  it  should  be  able  to  generate  the  alert  on  rul.  various  players  in  industrial  automation  domain  have  their  own  platform  perfected  for  particular  type  of  industries  over  a  period  of  time.  their  services  contains,  their  own  middleware,  ui,  gateways.  therefore  migrating  from  one  provider  to  another  was  never  easy  by  the  companies.  because  it  needed  an  entire  change  in  protocols,  sensors,  uis  and  companies  busy  with  their  production  hardly  had  time  for  this.  so  traditionally  handful  of  industrial  automation  players  have  dominated  the  industry  for  decades.  now  that  manufacturing  and  production  process  faces
__label__machineconditionmonitoring tremendeous  challenges,  companies  are  forced  to  take  a  step  back  and  review  their  automation  and  analytics  process.  cloud  based  services  has  opened  up  the  game  widely.  has  been  one  of  the  hottest  buzz  in  industrial  iot  iiot  as  they  say  these  days.  with  ges  years  of  experience  in  asset  management,  maintainance  planning  and  asset  monitoring,  the  industry  is  putting  a  huge  bet  on  this  paas  ecosystem.  having  jumped  into  iot  bandwagon  quite  early  and  about  a  year  and  half  into  iot  ecosystem,  we  thought  this  codeproject  contest  might  be  the  right  opportunity  to  explore  industrial  iot  in  greater  details.  we
__label__machineconditionmonitoring were  extremely  excited  to  see  a  special  industrial  iot  section.  that  was  the  right  motivation  at  the  right  time.  so,  we  started  our  journey  with  industrial  iot.  none  of  us  are  mechanical  engineers,  so  many  definations  we  provide  in  this  article  may  not  be  pin  point  precise  to  what  you  learn  from  mechanical  text  books.  we  beg  your  pardon  at  the  beginning  itself  incase  there  is  a  technical  fault  with  the  definations  or  the  industrial  process  we  describe.  further,  this  article  is  more  or  less  a  beginners  manual  for  getting  started  with  ge  predix  platform,  understanding  principles  of  rul,  creating
__label__machineconditionmonitoring simulation  environment  with  prototyping  platform  like  intel  edison  for  iiotand  is  not  a  fully  featured  end  to  end  complete  stack  of  universial  rul  system.  if  you  are  an  expert  mechanical  engineer  with  years  of  experience  in  production  and  maintainance  planning,  leave  your  valuable  advises  and  comments  and  suggestions.  if  you  are  a  novice  and  wants  to  learn  a  getting  started  guide  for  iiot,  use  this  article  as  your  startup  guide  but  not  without  referreing  to  some  more  mechanical  engineering  texts.  our  plan  was  definately  to  build  a  full  stack  rul  and  machine  tool  analytics  framework  with  ge  predix.  but  as
__label__machineconditionmonitoring we  started  we  realized  that  this  is  probably  the  only  thing  known  by  us  which  is  more  complex  than  a  womans  nature  moumita  disagrees  and  feels  that  nothing  beats  hear  genders  complexity  so,  unfortunately  we  could  not  build  the  complete  system.  but  we  had  no  idea  about  the  complexity  of  the  architecture.  so,  we  limit  this  article  to  time  series  ingestion  which  is  one  of  the  priliminary  steps  in  cloud  based  analysis  of  rul  or  machine  tool  healt/life  time.  the  objective  is  to  detail  out  the  complete  stack,  cover  as  much  as  possible,  point  out  which  we  could  not  do
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  request  the  community  to  help  us  to  connect  couple  of  dots  that  we  failed  to  acheieve  to  turn  this  solution  into  a  complete  process.  we  also  cover  the  process  of  our  data  collection.  this  should  hel  the  developer  community  to  understand  the  data  acquisition  prerequistes  in  the  induestry  and  will  help  model  their  architecture  to  suit  such  a  framework.  here  is  what  the  article  would  be:  part  a:  iiot  with  ge  predix  having  understood  how  the  data  acquisition  works,  we  need  to  focus  on  predictive  analysis.  however,  this  article  would  not  cover  the  analytical  part  as  that  requires  another
__label__machineconditionmonitoring elaborated  discussion.  this  sectionpresents  detailed  information  about  the  overall  description  of  test  facilitiesand  the  instruments  for  vibration  data  acquisition.  a  proper  data  acquisition  process  canextensively  improve  the  sensibility  for  the  detection  of  failures.  the  images  and  descriptions  are  from  a  small  scale  industry  in  bangalore,  india  with  whom  we  collaborated  to  carry  out  the  experiements  name  omitted  on  the  request  of  the  management.  we  use  a  lathe  and  turning  operation  for  our  current  discussion.  the  lathe  used  for  carrying  turning  operation  is  center  lathe  named  .  figure  3.1  shows  the  lathe  machine  used  for  the  present  work  and  tablegives  the
__label__machineconditionmonitoring specifications  of  the  lathe.  fig  3.1:heindenreich  harbeck  540  lathe  lathe  is  a  machine  tool  which  rotates  the  workpiece  on  its  axis  to  perform  variousoperations  such  as  cutting,  sanding,  knurling,  drilling,  or  deformation,  facing,  turning,with  tools  that  are  applied  to  the  workpiece  to  create  an  object  which  has  symmetry  aboutan  axis  of  rotation  .  table  3.1:  specification  of  the  lathe  carbide  tools  have  been  selected  for  carrying  out  the  machinability  study  of  the  alsicmetal  matrix  composites.  carbide  tool  used  in  the  present  work  is  shown  in  the  figure  3.2.  were  the  manufacturers  of  these  inserts  used.  fig  3.2:taegu  tec  carbide  inserts
__label__machineconditionmonitoring cemented  carbide  is  the  preferred  material  for  parts  that  must  withstand  all  forms  of  wearincluding  sliding  abrasion,  erosion,  corrosion/wear  and  metaltometal  galling  andexhibit  a  high  degree  of  toughness.  it  exhibits  high  compressive  strength,  resistsdeflection,  and  retains  its  hardness  values  at  high  temperatures,  a  physical  propertyespecially  useful  in  metalcutting  applications.  it  provides  long  life  in  applications  whereother  materials  would  not  last  or  would  fail  prematurely.  the  cemented  carbide  industrycommonly  refers  to  this  material  as  simply  carbide,  although  the  terms  and  are  used  interchangeably.  carbide  inserts  was  used  inserted  into  thecarbide  insert  holder  and  it  is  as  shown  in  the  figure  3.3.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring geometry  of  the  inserts  isshown  figure  3.4.  the  chemical  composition  of  the  carbide  tool  is  shown  in  the  table  3.2.  the  geometrical  specifications  given  in  the  table  3.3.  you  can  refer  to  this  for  more  details  about  the  tooling.  fig  3.3:tool  holder  used  in  present  work  fig  3.4:geometry  of  the  carbide  tool  insert  table  3.2:percentage  composition  of  carbide  tool  t  table  3.3:geometrical  specification  of  carbide  tool  inserts  the  hardness  values  and  melting  point  temperatures  of  the  carbide  tool  inserts  are  2800  o  cand  5570rc.  the  insert  used  for  present  work  is  a  ctype  uncoated  ic20  grade  having55  o  rhombic  shaped,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  7  o  back  rake  angle.  blunting  of  the  sharp  cutting  edge  of  thetool  indicates  the  partially  worn  out  and  cutting  edge  is  broken  in  case  of  fully  worn  outtool.  fig  3.5:information  flow  of  data  acquisition  system  tool  condition  monitoring  was  implemented  through  the  analysis  of  vibration  data  that  was  captured  by  the  data  acquisition  system.  figure  3.6.  shows  integration  of  the  components  in  data  acquisition  system.  fig  3.6  :integration  of  the  components  in  data  acquisition  system  8  channel  analyzer  helps  in  both  recording  and  analyzing  which  is  powered  by  abacus  with  the  help  of  data  physics  modular  software  that
__label__machineconditionmonitoring allows  you  to  select  only  those  measurements  you  need  from  an  extensive  range  covering  general  fft  analysis,  data  recording  and  playback  analysis,  environment  testing,  structural  analysis,  acoustics,  machinery  diagnostics  and  production/qc  testing.  core  functions  include  powerful  fft  measurements,  high  dynamic  range,  and  extensive  analysis  tools.  standard  functions  include  full  engineering  units  selection  and  conversion,  automatic  export,  professional  reports,  easy  data  management  with  signal  map,  flexible  display  of  results,  cursor  functions  for  detailed  analysis,  and  an  unsurpassed  intuitive  user  interface.  you  can  read  more  about  signalcalc  mobilizer  optional  application  modules  extend  the  functionality  to  include  realtime  octave  and  1/3  octave  analysis,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring sound  power  and  intensity,  rpmbased  measurements,  order  tracking,  mimo  and  stepped  sine  testing,  balancing,  srs  analysis,  demodulation,  rotor  dynamics  analysis,  multiplane  balancing,  waterfall  and  spectrogram  presentations,  and  throughputtodisk.  teac  data  recorders  es8  recorder  have  been  designed  for  fast  setup,  reliable  recording  applications  in  the  field  and  in  the  laboratory.  figure  3.7  shows  the  .  the  es8  recorder  uses  a  compact  flash  memory  card  for  recording.  a  standalone  operation  with  the  lcd  and  the  key  allows  you  to  set,  monitor,  and  record.  by  connecting  to  a  pc  with  a  builtin  usb  interface,  you  can  perform  the  wave  monitor  and  the  recording
__label__machineconditionmonitoring control.  while  simultaneously  sampling  on  all  channels,  using  the  16  bits  a/d  converter  individually  equipped  in  each  channel,  approximately  four  hours  of  continuous  recording  can  be  done  with  an  internal  dry  cell  battery.  an  external  battery  will  extend  recording  time.  the  sampling  frequency  ranges  are  5khz  to  1/60hz.  combining  with  various  types  of  sensor  amplifiers,  a  wide  range  of  measurement  is  possible  such  as;  earthquake,  natural  phenomenon  and  structural  vibration,  mechanical  vibration  measurement  of  the  strain  measurement,  and  biosignal  measurement.  it  acts  as  a  backup  for  the  8channel  analyzer.  they  are  designed  to  provide  costefficient  data  recording  and  frontend  solutions
__label__machineconditionmonitoring .  fig  3.7:es8  data  recorder  type  5357b12  is  shown  in  figure  3.8.  the  charge  calibrator  can  be  used  to  check  and  calibrate  piezoelectric  measuring  systems.  the  charge  calibrator  is  connected  to  the  measuring  chain  either  in  place  of  the  sensor  or  in  parallel  with  it.  up  to  five  charge  amplifiers  can  be  connected.  operation  is  via  keyboard  or  optional  interfaces.  the  parameters  set  appear  on  the  lcd.  a  typical  application  is  the  combination  of  a  charge  calibrator  with  1  to  5  charge  amplifiers.  fig  3.8:  kistler  amplifier  5357b12  type  vibration  signals  are  important  for  monitoring  the  machine  condition  in  turning
__label__machineconditionmonitoring operation.  figure  3.9  shows  the  triaxial  accelerometer  8766a500bb.  type  8766a250aa  and  8766a5bb  are  the  triaxial  accelerometer  designed  for  high  temperature  applications.  it  uses  kistlers  piezostar  shear  element  design  which  provides  ide  operating  frequency  range  and  extremely  low  sensitivity  to  temperature  changes.  the  sensor  combines  piezostar  crystals  and  high  gain  integral  hybrid  microelectronics  to  achieve  very  low  sensitivity  variation  over  the  operating  temperature  range,  compared  to  other  sensing  element  designs.  fig  3.9:  kistler  accelerometer  sensor  table  3.4:specification  of  kistler  accelerometer  500bb  a  kistler  accelerometer  8766a500bb  was  attached  to  tool  holder  by  tapping  the  sensorto  fit  in  as  show  in  figure  3.10.
__label__machineconditionmonitoring fig  3.10:installation  of  the  sensor  from  the  review  of  past  tcm  studies,  tri  axial  accelerometer  was  employed  to  detect  the  multiple  direction  vibrations.  complete  setups  of  data  acquisition  system  with  the  conventional  lathe  are  seen  in  figure  3.11.  kistler  amplifier  is  set  to  a  vibration  sensitivity  of  104.3  hz  according  the  requirements  setting  up  of  the  amplifier  is  shown  in  figure  3.12  .  the  accelerometer  was  mounted  on  the  shank  holding  the  cutting  tool  as  seen  in  figure  3.13.  the  signals  detected  by  the  accelerometer  were  amplified  and  recorded.  the  signals  were  stored  in  data  acquisition  program  data  physics,  carbide
__label__machineconditionmonitoring insert  tools  with  variable  toolwear  normal  carbide  tool,  medium  wornout  tool,  fully  wornout  tool  amounts  were  mounted  in  conventional  lathe  to  cut  metal  matrix  composite  lm6  work  pieces  with  varying  in  its  composition  lm6  i.e.  lm60sic;  lm64sic;  lm612sic  with  different  speed,  feed  and  same  depth  of  cut.  fig  3.11  :  experimental  setup  fig  3.12:setting  up  the  sensitivity  in  amplifier  in  the  machining  test,  firstly  the  speed  was  set  by  the  help  of  tachometer  figure  3.14  the  accelerometer  was  mounted  on  the  tool  holder  to  collect  the  vibration  data  generated  in  the  machining  process  figure  3.15  .  vibration  signal  were  generated
__label__machineconditionmonitoring and  amplified  by  the  kistler  amplifier  and  recorded  by  the  8channel  analyzer.  the  channels  for  cutting  force  data  acquisition  was  programmed  in  and  were  recorded  using  data  physics  in  figure.3.16  as  show.  fig  7.13:accelerometer  mounted  on  the  tool  holder  the  experimental  data  showed  that  vibration  amplitudes  varied  with  the  change  of  cutting  conditions.  it  was  tested  for  different  conditions  of  tool  wear  with  different  spindle  speed,  feed  that  has  been  tabulated  in  table  7.1,  where  :  a  new  tool  ,  bpartiallymediumworn  out  tool  ,cfully  worn  out  tool  for  each  samples  of  lm60sic  ;  lm64sic;  lm612sic  combination  respectively  1,2,3.  figure3.17  shows
__label__machineconditionmonitoring you  the  3  condition  of  carbide  tools.  fig  3.14:  setting  the  speed  fig  3.15:machining  operation  fig  3.16  :  example  of  vibration  data  collected  at  tool  post  table  3.5  :experimental  arrangement  table  fig  3.17  :three  types  of  carbide  insert  section  3.4  gives  an  idea  about  the  industrial  setup  of  the  process,  components  and  their  arrangements  for  machine  tool  health  monitoring.  the  setup  is  essentially  recording  accelerometer  data  at  a  very  high  sampling  rate  like  audio  recording22khz  and  then  storing  it.  if  an  online  analysis  of  this  data  needs  to  be  carried  out,  the  data  needs  to  be  put  in  cloud  at
__label__machineconditionmonitoring a  very  fast  rate  without  dropping  connection  or  losing  out  the  values.  with  16  bit  adc  recording  3  channels  22khz  results  to  48x220001.5kb  data  par  second  .  a  20  hour  of  recording  will  result  in  about  950  mb  data.  thats  extremely  big  for  processing  in  the  memory.  therefore  often  times  this  data  is  re  sampled  at  500  hz1khz  to  reduce  number  of  samples.  we  have  provided  some  sample  recording  with  this  article  which  could  be  helpful  for  you  to  analyze  the  nature  and  complexity  of  data.  figure  3.18  :  sample  3axis  industrial  accelerometer  data  the  data  essentially  contains  three  columns
__label__machineconditionmonitoring that  records  x,y  and  z  axis  acceleration  respectively.  as  the  volume  of  data  is  large,  we  need  a  special  measurement  to  storage  data  mitigation  service  which  is  commonly  known  as  here  is  a  good  explanation  of  the  streaming  data  services  by  it  is  now  clear  that  such  data  mitigation  requires  chunk  wise  data  transmission  where  chunks  are  identified  with  a  time  stamp.  an  idustrial  iot  data  streaming  service  must  adhere  to  this  basic  principle.  so,  the  architecture  behind  cloud  based  recording  of  our  machine  tool  health  monitoring  data  is  that,  the  system  must  :  however,  one  of  the  biggest  faults
__label__machineconditionmonitoring of  most  of  todays  so  called  cloud  for  iot  service  provider  is  that  they  assume  that  each  data  is  an  independent  time  stamp.  which  means  that  data  is  perceived  as  a  single  sample  over  an  instance  of  time.thats  where  the  problem  starts.  azure,  bluemix  and  allied  iot  cloud  storage/service  providers  use  some  form  or  the  other  mqtt  or  websockets.  data  can  be  sent  as  a  series  but  are  time  stamped  serially  over  the  time.  ge  predix  scores  over  others  in  this  regard.  it  provides  an  option  of  logical  abstraction  of  the  machines  through  its  asset  model  services  and  data  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring streamed  in  chunks  with  a  unique  id  to  each  chunk  and  a  time  series  associated  with  the  individual  values  or  overall  chunk  itself.  it  provides  a  based  architecture  where  each  independent  components  can  be  developed  and  deployed  individually.  further,  it  is  based  on  amazon  web  services,  therefore  scaling  is  never  a  problem.  you  can  pay  as  you  scale.  the  platform  provides  a  secured  data  access  and  exchange  from  the  word  go  using  its  cloud  based  user  and  application  authentication  architecture  called  uaa.  ge  predix  also  provides  a  visualization  service  at  both  logical  level  using  its  custom  view  service  as  well
__label__machineconditionmonitoring as  at  the  presentation  level  using  angular  js  based  px  components.  so  you  get  a  complete  suit  of  tools  needed  for  implementing  an  end  to  end  data  acquisition  and  visualization  service.  but  the  catch  is  that  even  though  the  platform  is  good  with  the  data  acquisition  and  structuring  industrial  and  machine  data,  it  is  not  yet  well  equipped  with  analyzing  this  data  with  powerful  machine  learning  tools,  where  ibm  bluemix  and  microsoft  azure  clearly  score  over  predix.  so,  a  good  way  of  achieveing  your  rul  framework  would  be  to  use  predix  to  collect  your  data  and  watson  or  azure  to
__label__machineconditionmonitoring analyze  them.  then  release  this  architecture  as  a  service  over  the  cloud  which  can  be  consumed  by  the  applications.  in  this  article,  we  shall  focus  on  developing  a  microservice  with  ge  predix  to  consume  the  data  coming  from  the  sensors.  we  will  show  the  service  in  action  with  a  simple  simulation  framework  powered  by  intel  edison  board  so  that  you  can  replicate  the  data  gathering  process  in  lab,  test  the  service,  scalability,  roboustness  and  then  work  on  the  real  time  integration  aspect.  in  the  next  chapter,  we  shall  elaborate  in  detail  about  ge  predix  platform  in  general  and  getting  started
__label__machineconditionmonitoring with  the  application  development  in  the  platform.  let  us  look  at  overall  predix  architecture  before  start  our  journey  with  predix.  figure  4.1  ge  predix  architecture  image  source  as  you  can  see  that  predix  is  based  on  cloud  foundry  which  provides  easy  development  and  deployment  to  cloud.  at  the  core,  the  platform  in  itself  is  built  on  amazon  web  services  and  your  applications  are  hosted  at  amazon  web  services  via  predix.  predix  manages  the  machines  as  assets  through  sets  of  industrial  standard  tags  that  uniquely  identifies  a  machine,  its  geographic  location,  makers,  properties  and  so  on.  the  heart  of  predix  is
__label__machineconditionmonitoring its  connectivity  services  which  is  essentially  a  protocol  suite  tailer  made  for  industrial  iot.  predix  provides  asset  services  which  includes  meta  data  management  ablut  the  assets  and  data  acquisition  services.  the  analytic  service  includes  views,  auditing  service  and  visualization  services.  these  services  can  be  consumed  by  mobile  ready  apps  that  are  optimized  for  small  form  factors.  before  you  start  with  predix,  the  first  thing  you  need  a  predix.io  account.  create  a  60  days  trial  account  with  predix.io.  wait  for  an  email  from  predix  giving  you  your  account  details.  if  you  do  not  get  that  soon  with  every  likelihood  you  wouldnt,
__label__machineconditionmonitoring write  to  predix  team,  raise  support  tickets,  exchange  some  mails  and  then  some  other  mails  and  finally  you  will  get  your  account  if  you  are  lucky  enough.  at  least  this  has  been  the  case  with  our  team.  all  three  of  us  registered  with  predix,  but  only  abhishek  got  the  account.  so  we  used  his  account  to  dig  deep  into  predix.  assuming  that  you  get  an  account  from  predix,  you  can  use  their  predix  ready  development  environment  called  devbox.  it  is  essentially  a  unix  based  system.  so  you  need  vmware  if  you  are  windows  user  cygwin  doesnt  work.  we  did  not
__label__machineconditionmonitoring particularly  like  running  our  development  environment  in  vmware.  so  we  went  ahead  with  hacks  and  created  our  own  development  environment  without  devbox  which  no  ways  is  difficult  to  setup  but  no  ways  an  easy  go  either  as,  core  of  ge  is  cloud  foundry,  you  need  to  insta  a  cloud  foundry  client  in  your  machine  first.  also,  if  you  are  a  started  which  in  most  liklihood  you  are  if  you  are  reading  this  article,  then  you  would  need  plenty  of  sample  applications  provided  by  ge  to  understand  how  things  works.  most  of  these  are  hosted  in  git.  so  you  are  advised
__label__machineconditionmonitoring to  install  git  in  your  machine  too.  predixs  microservice  framework  is  based  on  java  springs.  so  you  need  at  least  jdk  1.8  installed  in  your  machine.  we  advice  you  to  install  netbeans  8  with  java  for  easy  microservice  development.  ges  web  app  uses  node.js  as  backend,  python  and  variants  of  angular.js  as  frontend.  it  supports  npm  packages  and  manages  node.js  packages  through  bower.  so  you  need  to  install  node.js  as  well  as  bower  in  your  system.  here  is  a  summery  of  software  or  apps  as  they  say  before  you  can  write  your  first  hello  world  program  in  predix.  having  done
__label__machineconditionmonitoring these  steps,  lets  start  the  development.  1.  install  cf  from  https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cli/releases  2.in  command  prompt  type:  figure  4.2  login  to  your  predix  api  using  cf  3.  download  predix  hellow  world  web  app  4.  extract  hello  world  figure  4.3  hello  predix  directory  structure  5.  open  manifest.yml  and  change  application  name  6.  change  the  content  of  index.html  7.  figure  4.4  pushing  your  hello  predix  app  to  cloud  figure  4.5  :  app  running  in  cloud  8.  go  to  your  predix.io  console  to  see  the  app  running  figure  4.6  predix  console  hello  predix  running  figure  4.7  :  app  url  through  app  view  in  console  copy
__label__machineconditionmonitoring the  url.  this  is  the  url  at  which  your  service  is  running.  10.  open  url  do  not  forget  to  use  https://  with  this  figure  4.8  testing  hello  predix  in  browser  when  you  call  cf  push  command  from  your  app  directory,  the  buildpack  seraches  for  .yml  file.  this  is  the  configuration  file  for  predix  web  applications.  at  a  later  stage  we  shall  also  see  how  to  add  services  with  this  app.  as  our  bridge  app,  that  gathers  data  from  end  or  edge  hardware  and  sends  to  predix  cloud  is  developed  with  javas  spring  framework,  you  need  to  set  up  your  java
__label__machineconditionmonitoring development  environment  for  predix.  the  example  apps  that  predix  provides  you  are  all  maven  apps  and  are  linked  to  maven  repo.  but  there  is  a  small  problem  with  predix.  actual  predix  repo  in  maven  is  a  private  repo  that  needs  authentication  by  the  maven  applications.  this  authentication  token  is  generated  through  a  hash  from  your  predix  credentials.  but  the  problem  is  that,  it  needs  another  predix  web  app.  you  need  to  create  an  encrypted  password  from  this  site,  add  it  as  credentials  with  your  maven  config  file  to  be  able  to  populate  predix  maven  repos.  1.  open  c:userspcusername.m2and  open  settings.xml
__label__machineconditionmonitoring 2.  open  settings.xml  here  you  have  to  change  username  and  encrypted  password  3.  setup  encrypted  password  4.  click  on  the  top  username  and  in  the  next  page  enter  your  password  figure  4.9  obtaining  encrypted  password  for  your  predix  maven  repo  download  the  settings.xml  provided  with  this  article,  replace  yourpredixemail  and  yourencryptedpassword  with  the  one  you  have  just  generated.  we  will  comeback  to  java  micro  service  development  very  soon.  but  before  that  you  need  to  follow  quite  a  few  more  steps.  the  microservice  is  a  secured  service,  which  works  based  on  secured  api  model  of  predix.  predix  provides  two  security  services:
