__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  informatics  also  called  health  care  informatics,  healthcare  informatics,  medical  informatics,  nursing  informatics,  clinical  informatics,  or  biomedical  informatics  is  information  engineering  applied  to  the  field  of  health  care,  essentially  the  management  and  use  of  patient  health  care  information.  it  is  a  multidisciplinary  field  that  uses  health  information  technology  hit  to  improve  health  care  via  any  combination  of  higher  quality,  higher  efficiency  spurring  lower  cost  and  thus  greater  availability,  and  new  opportunities.  the  disciplines  involved  include  information  science,  computer  science,  social  science,  behavioral  science,  management  science,  and  others.  the  united  states  national  library  of  medicine  nlm  defines  health  informatics  as  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring interdisciplinary  study  of  the  design,  development,  adoption  and  application  of  itbased  innovations  in  health  care  services  delivery,  management  and  planning.  it  deals  with  the  resources,  devices,  and  methods  required  to  optimize  the  acquisition,  storage,  retrieval,  and  use  of  information  in  health  and  biomedicine.  health  informatics  tools  include  computers,  clinical  guidelines,  formal  medical  terminologies,  and  information  and  communication  systems,  among  others.  it  is  applied  to  the  areas  of  nursing,  clinical  medicine,  dentistry,  pharmacy,  public  health,  occupational  therapy,  physical  therapy,  biomedical  research,  and  alternative  medicine,  all  of  which  are  designed  to  improve  the  overall  of  effectiveness  of  patient  care  delivery  by  ensuring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  the  data  generated  is  of  a  high  quality.the  international  standards  on  the  subject  are  covered  by  ics  35.240.80  in  which  iso  27799:2008  is  one  of  the  core  components.  subspecialities  health  care  informatics  includes  subfields  of  clinical  informatics,  such  as  pathology  informatics,  clinical  research  informatics  see  section  below,  imaging  informatics,  public  health  informatics,  community  health  informatics,  home  health  informatics,  nursing  informatics,  medical  informatics,  consumer  health  informatics,  clinical  bioinformatics,  and  informatics  for  education  and  research  in  health  and  medicine,  pharmacy  informatics.  health  care  informatics  clinical  informatics  clinical  informatics  is  concerned  with  the  use  of  information  in  health  care  by  and  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring clinicians.clinical  informaticians,  also  known  as  clinical  informaticists,  transform  health  care  by  analyzing,  designing,  implementing,  and  evaluating  information  and  communication  systems  that  enhance  individual  and  population  health  outcomes,  improve  patient  care,  and  strengthen  the  clinicianpatient  relationship.clinical  informaticians  use  their  knowledge  of  patient  care  combined  with  their  understanding  of  informatics  concepts,  methods,  and  health  informatics  tools  to:assess  information  and  knowledge  needs  of  health  care  professionals,  patients  and  their  families.characterize,  evaluate,  and  refine  clinical  processes,develop,  implement,  and  refine  clinical  decision  support  systems,  andlead  or  participate  in  the  procurement,  customization,  development,  implementation,  management,  evaluation,  and  continuous  improvement  of  clinical  information  systems.clinicians  collaborate  with  other
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  care  and  information  technology  professionals  to  develop  health  informatics  tools  which  promote  patient  care  that  is  safe,  efficient,  effective,  timely,  patientcentered,  and  equitable.  many  clinical  informaticists  are  also  computer  scientists.in  october  2011  american  board  of  medical  specialties  abms,  the  organization  overseeing  the  certification  of  specialist  mds  in  the  united  states,  announced  the  creation  of  mdonly  physician  certification  in  clinical  informatics.  the  first  examination  for  board  certification  in  the  subspecialty  of  clinical  informatics  was  offered  in  october  2013  by  american  board  of  preventive  medicine  abpm  with  432  passing  to  become  the  2014  inaugural  class  of  diplomates  in  clinical  informatics.fellowship  programs
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring exist  for  physicians  who  wish  to  become  boardcertified  in  clinical  informatics.  physicians  must  have  graduated  from  a  medical  school  in  the  united  states  or  canada,  or  a  school  located  elsewhere  that  is  approved  by  the  abpm.  in  addition,  they  must  complete  a  primary  residency  program  such  as  internal  medicine  or  any  of  the  24  subspecialties  recognized  by  the  abms  and  be  eligible  to  become  licensed  to  practice  medicine  in  the  state  where  their  fellowship  program  is  located.  the  fellowship  program  is  24  months  in  length,  with  fellows  dividing  their  time  between  informatics  rotations,  didactic  method,  research,  and  clinical  work  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring their  primary  specialty.  integrated  data  repository  one  of  the  fundamental  elements  of  biomedical  and  translation  research  is  the  use  of  integrated  data  repositories.  a  survey  conducted  in  2010  defined  integrated  data  repository  idr  as  a  data  warehouse  incorporating  various  sources  of  clinical  data  to  support  queries  for  a  range  of  researchlike  functions.  integrated  data  repositories  are  complex  systems  developed  to  solve  a  variety  of  problems  ranging  from  identity  management,  protection  of  confidentiality,  semantic  and  syntactic  comparability  of  data  from  different  sources,  and  most  importantly  convenient  and  flexible  query.  development  of  the  field  of  clinical  informatics  led  to  the  creation  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring large  data  sets  with  electronic  health  record  data  integrated  with  other  data  such  as  genomic  data.  types  of  data  repositories  include  operational  data  stores  odss,  clinical  data  warehouses  cdws,  clinical  data  marts,  and  clinical  registries.  operational  data  stores  established  for  extracting,  transferring  and  loading  before  creating  warehouse  or  data  marts.  clinical  registries  repositories  have  long  been  in  existence,  but  their  contents  are  disease  specific  and  sometimes  considered  archaic.  clinical  data  stores  and  clinical  data  warehouses  are  considered  fast  and  reliable.  though  these  large  integrated  repositories  have  impacted  clinical  research  significantly,  it  still  faces  challenges  and  barriers.  one  big  problem  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  requirement  for  ethical  approval  by  the  institutional  review  board  irb  for  each  research  analysis  meant  for  publication.  some  research  resources  do  not  require  irb  approval.  for  example,  cdws  with  data  of  deceased  patients  have  been  deidentified  and  irb  approval  is  not  required  for  their  usage.another  challenge  is  data  quality.  methods  that  adjust  for  bias  such  as  using  propensity  score  matching  methods  assume  that  a  complete  health  record  is  captured.  tools  that  examine  data  quality  e.g.,  point  to  missing  data  help  in  discovering  data  quality  problems.  clinical  research  informatics  clinical  research  informatics  cri  is  a  subfield  of  health  informatics  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tries  to  improve  the  efficiency  of  clinical  research  by  using  informatics  methods.  some  of  the  problems  tackled  by  cri  are:  creation  of  data  warehouses  of  health  care  data  that  can  be  used  for  research,  support  of  data  collection  in  clinical  trials  by  the  use  of  electronic  data  capture  systems,  streamlining  ethical  approvals  and  renewals  in  us  the  responsible  entity  is  the  local  institutional  review  board,  maintenance  of  repositories  of  past  clinical  trial  data  deidentified.cri  is  a  fairly  new  branch  of  informatics  and  has  met  growing  pains  as  any  up  and  coming  field  does.  some  issue  cri  faces  is  the  ability
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  the  statisticians  and  the  computer  system  architects  to  work  with  the  clinical  research  staff  in  designing  a  system  and  lack  of  funding  to  support  the  development  of  a  new  system.  researchers  and  the  informatics  team  have  a  difficult  time  coordinating  plans  and  ideas  in  order  to  design  a  system  that  is  easy  to  use  for  the  research  team  yet  fits  in  the  system  requirements  of  the  computer  team.  the  lack  of  funding  can  be  a  hindrance  to  the  development  of  the  cri.  many  organizations  who  are  performing  research  are  struggling  to  get  financial  support  to  conduct  the  research,  much
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring less  invest  that  money  in  an  informatics  system  that  will  not  provide  them  any  more  income  or  improve  the  outcome  of  the  research  embi,  2009.  common  data  elements  cdes  in  clinical  research  ability  to  integrate  data  from  multiple  clinical  trials  is  an  important  part  of  clinical  research  informatics.  initiatives,  such  as  phenx  and  patientreported  outcomes  measurement  information  system  triggered  a  general  effort  to  improve  secondary  use  of  data  collected  in  past  human  clinical  trials.  cde  initiatives,  for  example,  try  to  allow  clinical  trial  designers  to  adopt  standardized  research  instruments  electronic  case  report  forms.  data  sharing  platforms  for  clinical  study  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  parallel  effort  to  standardizing  how  data  is  collected  are  initiatives  that  offer  deidentified  patient  level  clinical  study  data  to  be  downloaded  by  researchers  who  wish  to  reuse  this  data.  examples  of  such  platforms  are  project  data  sphere,  dbgap,  immport  or  clinical  study  data  request.  informatics  issues  in  data  formats  for  sharing  results  plain  csv  files,  fda  endorsed  formats,  such  as  cdisc  study  data  tabulation  model  are  important  challenges  within  the  field  of  clinical  research  informatics.  human  bioinformatics  translational  bioinformatics  with  the  completion  of  the  human  genome  and  the  recent  advent  of  high  throughput  sequencing  and  genomewide  association  studies  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring single  nucleotide  polymorphic  organisms,  the  fields  of  molecular  bioinformatics,  biostatistics,  statistical  genetics  and  clinical  informatics  are  converging  into  the  emerging  field  of  translational  bioinformatics.the  relationship  between  bioinformatics  and  health  informatics,  while  conceptually  related  under  the  umbrella  of  biomedical  informatics,  has  not  always  been  very  clear.  the  tbi  community  is  specifically  motivated  with  the  development  of  approaches  to  identify  linkages  between  fundamental  biological  and  clinical  information.along  with  complementary  areas  of  emphasis,  such  as  those  focused  on  developing  systems  and  approaches  within  clinical  research  contexts,  insights  from  tbi  may  enable  a  new  paradigm  for  the  study  and  treatment  of  disease.translational  bioinformatics  tbi
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  a  relatively  new  field  that  surfaced  in  the  year  of  2000  when  human  genome  sequence  was  released.  the  commonly  used  definition  of  tbi  is  lengthy  and  could  be  found  on  the  amia  website.  in  simpler  terms,  tbi  could  be  defined  as  a  collection  of  colossal  amounts  of  health  related  data  biomedical  and  genomic  and  translation  of  the  data  into  individually  tailored  clinical  entities.today,  tbi  field  is  categorized  into  four  major  themes  that  are  briefly  described  below:clinical  big  dataclinical  big  data  is  a  collection  of  electronic  health  records  that  are  used  for  innovations.  the  evidencebased  approach  that  is  currently  practiced
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  medicine  is  suggested  to  be  merged  with  the  practicebased  medicine  to  achieve  better  outcomes  for  patients.  as  ceo  of  californiabased  cognitive  computing  firm  apixio,  darren  schutle,  explains  that  the  care  can  be  better  fitted  to  the  patient  if  the  data  could  be  collected  from  various  medical  records,  merged,  and  analyzed.  further,  the  combination  of  similar  profiles  can  serve  as  a  basis  for  personalized  medicine  pointing  to  what  works  and  what  does  not  for  certain  condition  marr,  2016.genomics  in  clinical  caregenomic  data  are  used  to  identify  the  genes  involvement  in  unknown  or  rare  conditions/syndromes.  currently,  the  most  vigorous  area  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring using  genomics  is  oncology.  the  identification  of  genomic  sequencing  of  cancer  may  define  reasons  of  drugs  sensitivity  and  resistance  during  oncological  treatment  processes.omics  for  drugs  discovery  and  repurposingrepurposing  of  the  drug  is  an  appealing  idea  that  allows  the  pharmaceutical  companies  to  sell  an  already  approved  drug  to  treat  a  different  condition/disease  that  the  drug  was  not  initially  approved  for  by  the  fda.  the  observation  of  molecular  signatures  in  disease  and  compare  those  to  signatures  observed  in  cells  points  to  the  possibility  of  a  drug  ability  to  cure  and/or  relieve  symptoms  of  a  disease.personalized  genomic  testingin  the  us,  several  companies  offer
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring directtoconsumer  dtc  genetic  testing.  the  company  that  performs  the  majority  of  testing  is  called  23andme.  utilizing  genetic  testing  in  health  care  raises  many  ethical,  legal  and  social  concerns;  one  of  the  main  questions  is  whether  the  health  care  providers  are  ready  to  include  patientsupplied  genomic  information  while  providing  care  that  is  unbiased  despite  the  intimate  genomic  knowledge  and  a  high  quality.  the  documented  examples  of  incorporating  such  information  into  a  health  care  delivery  showed  both  positive  and  negative  impacts  on  the  overall  health  care  related  outcomes.  computational  health  informatics  computational  health  informatics  is  a  branch  of  computer  science  that  deals
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring specifically  with  computational  techniques  that  are  relevant  in  health  care.  computational  health  informatics  is  also  a  branch  of  health  informatics,  but  is  orthogonal  to  much  of  the  work  going  on  in  health  informatics  because  computer  scientists  interest  is  mainly  in  understanding  fundamental  properties  of  computation.  health  informatics,  on  the  other  hand,  is  primarily  concerned  with  understanding  fundamental  properties  of  medicine  that  allow  for  the  intervention  of  computers.  the  health  domain  provides  an  extremely  wide  variety  of  problems  that  can  be  tackled  using  computational  techniques,  and  computer  scientists  are  attempting  to  make  a  difference  in  medicine  by  studying  the  underlying  principles
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  computer  science  that  will  allow  for  meaningful  to  medicine  algorithms  and  systems  to  be  developed.  thus,  computer  scientists  working  in  computational  health  informatics  and  health  scientists  working  in  medical  health  informatics  combine  to  develop  the  next  generation  of  health  care  technologies.using  computers  to  analyze  health  data  has  been  around  since  the  1950s,  but  it  wasnt  until  the  1990s  that  the  first  sturdy  models  appeared.  the  development  of  the  internet  has  helped  develop  computational  health  informatics  over  the  past  decade.  computer  models  are  used  to  examine  various  topics  such  as  how  exercise  affects  obesity,  health  care  costs,  and  many  more.examples
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  projects  in  computational  health  informatics  include  the  coach  project.  informatics  for  education  and  research  in  health  and  medicine  clinical  research  informatics  clinical  research  informatics  cri  is  an  amalgamation  of  clinical  and  research  informatics.  featuring  both  clinical  and  research  informatics,  cri  has  a  vital  role  in  clinical  research,  patient  care,  and  the  building  of  health  care  system  katzan  rudick,  2012.  cri  is  one  of  the  rapidly  growing  subdivisions  of  biomedical  informatics  which  plays  an  important  role  in  developing  new  informatics  theories,  tools,  and  solutions  to  accelerate  the  full  transitional  continuum  kahn  weng,  2012.evolution  of  cri  was  extremely  important  in  informatics
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  there  was  an  extraordinary  increase  in  the  scope  and  pace  of  clinical  and  translational  science  advancements  katzan  rudick,  2012.clinical  research  informatics  takes  the  core  foundations,  principles,  and  technologies  related  to  health  informatics,  and  applies  these  to  clinical  research  contexts.  as  such,  cri  is  a  subdiscipline  of  health  informatics,  and  interest  and  activities  in  cri  have  increased  greatly  in  recent  years  given  the  overwhelming  problems  associated  with  the  explosive  growth  of  clinical  research  data  and  information.  there  are  a  number  of  activities  within  clinical  research  that  cri  supports,  including:more  efficient  and  effective  data  collection  and  acquisitionimproved  recruitment  into  clinical  trialsoptimal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring protocol  design  and  efficient  managementpatient  recruitment  and  managementadverse  event  reportingregulatory  compliancedata  storage,  transfer,  processing  and  analysisrepositories  of  data  from  completed  clinical  trials  for  secondary  analyses  history  worldwide  use  of  computer  technology  in  medicine  began  in  the  early  1950s  with  the  rise  of  the  computers.  in  1949,  gustav  wagner  established  the  first  professional  organization  for  informatics  in  germany.  the  prehistory,  history,  and  future  of  medical  information  and  health  information  technology  are  discussed  in  reference.  specialized  university  departments  and  informatics  training  programs  began  during  the  1960s  in  france,  germany,  belgium  and  the  netherlands.  medical  informatics  research  units  began  to  appear  during  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 1970s  in  poland  and  in  the  u.s.  since  then  the  development  of  highquality  health  informatics  research,  education  and  infrastructure  has  been  a  goal  of  the  u.s.  and  the  european  union.early  names  for  health  informatics  included  medical  computing,  biomedical  computing,  medical  computer  science,  computer  medicine,  medical  electronic  data  processing,  medical  automatic  data  processing,  medical  information  processing,  medical  information  science,  medical  software  engineering,  and  medical  computer  technology.the  health  informatics  community  is  still  growing,  it  is  by  no  means  a  mature  profession,  but  work  in  the  uk  by  the  voluntary  registration  body,  the  uk  council  of  health  informatics  professions  has  suggested  eight  key
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring constituencies  within  the  domaininformation  management,  knowledge  management,  portfolio/program/project  management,  ict,  education  and  research,  clinical  informatics,  health  recordsservice  and  businessrelated,  health  informatics  service  management.  these  constituencies  accommodate  professionals  in  and  for  the  nhs,  in  academia  and  commercial  service  and  solution  providers.since  the  1970s  the  most  prominent  international  coordinating  body  has  been  the  international  medical  informatics  association  imia.  in  the  united  states  even  though  the  idea  of  using  computers  in  medicine  emerged  as  technology  advanced  in  the  early  20th  century,  it  was  not  until  the  1950s  that  informatics  began  to  have  an  effect  in  the  united  states.the  earliest  use  of  electronic  digital
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring computers  for  medicine  was  for  dental  projects  in  the  1950s  at  the  united  states  national  bureau  of  standards  by  robert  ledley.  during  the  mid1950s,  the  united  states  air  force  usaf  carried  out  several  medical  projects  on  its  computers  while  also  encouraging  civilian  agencies  such  as  the  national  academy  of  sciences  national  research  council  nasnrc  and  the  national  institutes  of  health  nih  to  sponsor  such  work.  in  1959,  ledley  and  lee  b.  lusted  published  reasoning  foundations  of  medical  diagnosis,  a  widely  read  article  in  science,  which  introduced  computing  especially  operations  research  techniques  to  medical  workers.  ledley  and  lusteds  article  has  remained
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring influential  for  decades,  especially  within  the  field  of  medical  decision  making.guided  by  ledleys  late  1950s  survey  of  computer  use  in  biology  and  medicine  carried  out  for  the  nasnrc,  and  by  his  and  lusteds  articles,  the  nih  undertook  the  first  major  effort  to  introduce  computers  to  biology  and  medicine.  this  effort,  carried  out  initially  by  the  nihs  advisory  committee  on  computers  in  research  accr,  chaired  by  lusted,  spent  over  40  million  between  1960  and  1964  in  order  to  establish  dozens  of  large  and  small  biomedical  research  centers  in  the  us.one  early  1960,  nonaccr  use  of  computers  was  to  help  quantify  normal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring human  movement,  as  a  precursor  to  scientifically  measuring  deviations  from  normal,  and  design  of  prostheses.  the  use  of  computers  ibm  650,  1620,  and  7040  allowed  analysis  of  a  large  sample  size,  and  of  more  measurements  and  subgroups  than  had  been  previously  practical  with  mechanical  calculators,  thus  allowing  an  objective  understanding  of  how  human  locomotion  varies  by  age  and  body  characteristics.  a  study  coauthor  was  dean  of  the  marquette  university  college  of  engineering;  this  work  led  to  discrete  biomedical  engineering  departments  there  and  elsewhere.the  next  steps,  in  the  mid1960s,  were  the  development  sponsored  largely  by  the  nih  of  expert  systems  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  mycin  and  internisti.  in  1965,  the  national  library  of  medicine  started  to  use  medline  and  medlars.  around  this  time,  neil  pappalardo,  curtis  marble,  and  robert  greenes  developed  mumps  massachusetts  general  hospital  utility  multiprogramming  system  in  octo  barnetts  laboratory  of  computer  science  at  massachusetts  general  hospital  in  boston,  another  center  of  biomedical  computing  that  received  significant  support  from  the  nih.  in  the  1970s  and  1980s  it  was  the  most  commonly  used  programming  language  for  clinical  applications.  the  mumps  operating  system  was  used  to  support  mumps  language  specifications.  as  of  2004,  a  descendant  of  this  system  is  being  used  in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring united  states  veterans  affairs  hospital  system.  the  va  has  the  largest  enterprisewide  health  information  system  that  includes  an  electronic  medical  record,  known  as  the  veterans  health  information  systems  and  technology  architecture  vista.  a  graphical  user  interface  known  as  the  computerized  patient  record  system  cprs  allows  health  care  providers  to  review  and  update  a  patients  electronic  medical  record  at  any  of  the  vas  over  1,000  health  care  facilities.during  the  1960s,  morris  collen,  a  physician  working  for  kaiser  permanentes  division  of  research,  developed  computerized  systems  to  automate  many  aspects  of  multiphased  health  checkups.  these  systems  became  the  basis  the  larger  medical  databases
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring kaiser  permanente  developed  during  the  1970s  and  1980s.  the  american  college  of  medical  informatics  acmi  has  since  1993  annually  bestowed  the  morris  f.  collen,  md  medal  for  outstanding  contributions  to  the  field  of  medical  informatics.kaiser  permanentein  the  1970s  a  growing  number  of  commercial  vendors  began  to  market  practice  management  and  electronic  medical  records  systems.  although  many  products  exist,  only  a  small  number  of  health  practitioners  use  fully  featured  electronic  health  care  records  systems.  in  1970,  warner  v.  slack,  md,  and  howard  l.  bleich,  md,  cofounded  the  academic  division  of  clinical  informatics  at  beth  israel  deaconess  medical  center  and  harvard  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring school.  warner  slack  is  a  pioneer  of  the  development  of  the  electronic  patient  medical  history,  and  in  1977  dr.  bleich  created  the  first  userfriendly  search  engine  for  the  worlds  biomedical  literature.  in  2002,  dr.  slack  and  dr.  bleich  were  awarded  the  morris  f.  collen  award  for  their  pioneering  contributions  to  medical  informatics.computerized  systems  involved  in  patient  care  have  led  to  a  number  of  changes.  such  changes  have  led  to  improvements  in  electronic  health  records  which  are  now  capable  of  sharing  medical  information  among  multiple  health  care  stakeholders  zahabi,  kaber,  swangnetr,  2015;  thereby,  supporting  the  flow  of  patient  information  through  various
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring modalities  of  care.computer  use  today  involves  a  broad  ability  which  includes  but  isnt  limited  to  physician  diagnosis  and  documentation,  patient  appointment  scheduling,  and  billing.  many  researchers  in  the  field  have  identified  an  increase  in  the  quality  of  health  care  systems,  decreased  errors  by  health  care  workers,  and  lastly  savings  in  time  and  money  zahabi,  kaber,  swangnetr,  2015.  the  system,  however,  is  not  perfect  and  will  continue  to  require  improvement.  frequently  cited  factors  of  concern  involve  usability,  safety,  accessibility,  and  userfriendliness  zahabi,  kaber,  swangnetr,  2015.  as  leaders  in  the  field  of  medical  informatics  improve  upon  the  aforementioned  factors  of  concern,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring overall  provision  of  health  care  will  continue  to  improve.homer  r.  warner,  one  of  the  fathers  of  medical  informatics,  founded  the  department  of  medical  informatics  at  the  university  of  utah  in  1968.  the  american  medical  informatics  association  amia  has  an  award  named  after  him  on  application  of  informatics  to  medicine.  informatics  certifications  like  other  it  training  specialties,  there  are  informatics  certifications  available  to  help  informatics  professionals  stand  out  and  be  recognized.  the  american  nurses  credentialing  center  ancc  offers  a  board  certification  in  nursing  informatics.  for  radiology  informatics,  the  ciip  certified  imaging  informatics  professional  certification  was  created  by  abii  the  american  board
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  imaging  informatics  which  was  founded  by  siim  the  society  for  imaging  informatics  in  medicine  and  arrt  the  american  registry  of  radiologic  technologists  in  2005.  the  ciip  certification  requires  documented  experience  working  in  imaging  informatics,  formal  testing  and  is  a  limited  time  credential  requiring  renewal  every  five  years.  the  exam  tests  for  a  combination  of  it  technical  knowledge,  clinical  understanding,  and  project  management  experience  thought  to  represent  the  typical  workload  of  a  pacs  administrator  or  other  radiology  it  clinical  support  role.  certifications  from  parca  pacs  administrators  registry  and  certifications  association  are  also  recognized.  the  five  parca  certifications  are  tiered  from
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring entrylevel  to  architect  level.  the  american  health  information  management  association  offers  credentials  in  medical  coding,  analytics,  and  data  administration,  such  as  registered  health  information  administrator  and  certified  coding  associate.certifications  are  widely  requested  by  employers  in  health  informatics,  and  overall  the  demand  for  certified  informatics  workers  in  the  united  states  is  outstripping  supply.  the  american  health  information  management  association  reports  that  only  68  of  applicants  pass  certification  exams  on  the  first  try.in  2017,  a  consortium  of  health  informatics  trainers  composed  of  measure  evaluation,  public  health  foundation  india,  university  of  pretoria,  kenyatta  university,  and  the  university  of  ghana  identified  the  following  areas
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  knowledge  as  a  curriculum  for  the  digital  health  workforce,  especially  in  low  and  middleincome  countries:  clinical  decision  support;  telehealth;  privacy,  security,  and  confidentiality;  workflow  process  improvement;  technology,  people,  and  processes;  process  engineering;  quality  process  improvement  and  health  information  technology;  computer  hardware;  software;  databases;  data  warehousing;  information  networks;  information  systems;  information  exchange;  data  analytics;  and  usability  methods.  in  the  uk  the  broad  history  of  health  informatics  has  been  captured  in  the  book  uk  health  computing:  recollections  and  reflections,  hayes  g,  barnett  d  eds.,  bcs  may  2008  by  those  active  in  the  field,  predominantly  members  of  bcs  health  and  its  constituent
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring groups.  the  book  describes  the  path  taken  as  early  development  of  health  informatics  was  unorganized  and  idiosyncratic.  in  the  early  1950s,  it  was  prompted  by  those  involved  in  nhs  finance  and  only  in  the  early  1960s  did  solutions  including  those  in  pathology  1960,  radiotherapy  1962,  immunization  1963,  and  primary  care  1968  emerge.  many  of  these  solutions,  even  in  the  early  1970s  were  developed  inhouse  by  pioneers  in  the  field  to  meet  their  own  requirements.  in  part,  this  was  due  to  some  areas  of  health  services  for  example  the  immunization  and  vaccination  of  children  still  being  provided  by  local  authorities.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring coalition  government  has  proposed  broadly  to  return  to  the  2010  strategy  equity  and  excellence:  liberating  the  nhs  july  2010;  stating:we  will  put  patients  at  the  heart  of  the  nhs,  through  an  information  revolution  and  greater  choice  and  control  with  shared  decisionmaking  becoming  the  norm:  no  decision  about  me  without  me  and  patients  having  access  to  the  information  they  want,  to  make  choices  about  their  care.  they  will  have  increased  control  over  their  own  care  records.  informatics  certifications  bcs  via  fedip  provides  4  different  professional  registration  levels  for  health  and  care  informatics  professionals:  practitioner,  senior  practitioner,  advanced  practitioner,  and  leading  practitioner.fedip
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  the  federation  for  informatics  professionals  in  health  and  social  care,  a  collaboration  between  the  leading  professional  bodies  in  health  and  care  informatics  supporting  the  development  of  the  informatics  profession.  current  state  and  policy  initiatives  argentina  since  1997,  the  buenos  aires  biomedical  informatics  group,  a  nonprofit  group,  represents  the  interests  of  a  broad  range  of  clinical  and  nonclinical  professionals  working  within  the  health  informatics  sphere.its  purposes  are:promote  the  implementation  of  the  computer  tool  in  the  health  care  activity,  scientific  research,  health  administration  and  in  all  areas  related  to  health  sciences  and  biomedical  research.support,  promote  and  disseminate  content  related  activities  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  management  of  health  information  and  tools  they  used  to  do  under  the  name  of  biomedical  informatics.promote  cooperation  and  exchange  of  actions  generated  in  the  field  of  biomedical  informatics,  both  in  the  public  and  private,  national  and  international  level.interact  with  all  scientists,  recognized  academic  stimulating  the  creation  of  new  instances  that  have  the  same  goal  and  be  inspired  by  the  same  purpose.to  promote,  organize,  sponsor  and  participate  in  events  and  activities  for  training  in  computer  and  information  and  disseminating  developments  in  this  area  that  might  be  useful  for  team  members  and  health  related  activities.the  argentinian  health  system  is  heterogeneous  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  function,  and  because  of  that  the  informatics  developments  show  a  heterogeneous  stage.  many  private  health  care  center  have  developed  systems,  such  as  the  hospital  aleman  of  buenos  aires,  or  the  hospital  italiano  de  buenos  aires  that  also  has  a  residence  program  for  health  informatics.  brazil  the  first  applications  of  computers  to  medicine  and  health  care  in  brazil  started  around  1968,  with  the  installation  of  the  first  mainframes  in  public  university  hospitals,  and  the  use  of  programmable  calculators  in  scientific  research  applications.  minicomputers,  such  as  the  ibm  1130  were  installed  in  several  universities,  and  the  first  applications  were  developed  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring them,  such  as  the  hospital  census  in  the  school  of  medicine  of  ribeiro  preto  and  patient  master  files,  in  the  hospital  das  clnicas  da  universidade  de  so  paulo,  respectively  at  the  cities  of  ribeiro  preto  and  so  paulo  campuses  of  the  university  of  so  paulo.  in  the  1970s,  several  digital  corporation  and  hewlett  packard  minicomputers  were  acquired  for  public  and  armed  forces  hospitals,  and  more  intensively  used  for  intensivecare  unit,  cardiology  diagnostics,  patient  monitoring  and  other  applications.  in  the  early  1980s,  with  the  arrival  of  cheaper  microcomputers,  a  great  upsurge  of  computer  applications  in  health  ensued,  and  in  1986  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring brazilian  society  of  health  informatics  was  founded,  the  first  brazilian  congress  of  health  informatics  was  held,  and  the  first  brazilian  journal  of  health  informatics  was  published.  in  brazil,  two  universities  are  pioneers  in  teaching  and  research  in  medical  informatics,  both  the  university  of  sao  paulo  and  the  federal  university  of  sao  paulo  offer  undergraduate  programs  highly  qualified  in  the  area  as  well  as  extensive  graduate  programs  msc  and  phd.  in  2015  the  universidade  federal  de  cincias  da  sade  de  porto  alegre,  rio  grande  do  sul,  also  started  to  offer  undergraduate  program.  canada  health  informatics  projects  in  canada  are  implemented  provincially,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  different  provinces  creating  different  systems.  a  national,  federally  funded,  notforprofit  organization  called  canada  health  infoway  was  created  in  2001  to  foster  the  development  and  adoption  of  electronic  health  records  across  canada.  as  of  december  31,  2008  there  were  276  ehr  projects  under  way  in  canadian  hospitals,  other  healthcare  facilities,  pharmacies  and  laboratories,  with  an  investment  value  of  1.5billion  from  canada  health  infoway.provincial  and  territorial  programmes  include  the  following:ehealth  ontario  was  created  as  an  ontario  provincial  government  agency  in  september  2008.  it  has  been  plagued  by  delays  and  its  ceo  was  fired  over  a  multimilliondollar  contracts  scandal  in  2009.alberta  netcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring was  created  in  2003  by  the  government  of  alberta.  today  the  netcare  portal  is  used  daily  by  thousands  of  clinicians.  it  provides  access  to  demographic  data,  prescribed/dispensed  drugs,  known  allergies/intolerances,  immunizations,  laboratory  test  results,  diagnostic  imaging  reports,  the  diabetes  registry  and  other  medical  reports.  netcare  interface  capabilities  are  being  included  in  electronic  medical  record  products  which  are  being  funded  by  the  provincial  government.  united  states  in  2004,  president  george  w.  bush  signed  executive  order  13335,  creating  the  office  of  the  national  coordinator  for  health  information  technology  onchit  as  a  division  of  the  u.s.  department  of  health  and  human  services  hhs.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  mission  of  this  office  is  widespread  adoption  of  interoperable  electronic  health  records  ehrs  in  the  us  within  10  years.  see  quality  improvement  organizations  for  more  information  on  federal  initiatives  in  this  area.in  2014  the  department  of  education  approved  an  advanced  health  informatics  undergraduate  program  that  was  submitted  by  the  university  of  south  alabama.  the  program  is  designed  to  provide  specific  health  informatics  education,  and  is  the  only  program  in  the  country  with  a  health  informatics  lab.  the  program  is  housed  in  the  school  of  computing  in  shelby  hall,  a  recently  completed  50  million  state  of  the  art  teaching  facility.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  university  of  south  alabama  awarded  david  l.  loeser  on  may  10,  2014  with  the  first  health  informatics  degree.  the  program  currently  is  scheduled  to  have  100  students  awarded  by  2016.the  certification  commission  for  healthcare  information  technology  cchit,  a  private  nonprofit  group,  was  funded  in  2005  by  the  u.s.  department  of  health  and  human  services  to  develop  a  set  of  standards  for  electronic  health  records  ehr  and  supporting  networks,  and  certify  vendors  who  meet  them.  in  july  2006,  cchit  released  its  first  list  of  22  certified  ambulatory  ehr  products,  in  two  different  announcements.harvard  medical  school  added  a  department  of  biomedical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring informatics  in  2015.  the  university  of  cincinnati  in  partnership  with  cincinnati  childrens  hospital  medical  center  created  a  biomedical  informatics  bmi  graduate  certificate  program  and  in  2015  began  a  bmi  phd  program.  the  joint  program  allows  for  researchers  and  students  to  observe  the  impact  their  work  has  on  patient  care  directly  as  discoveries  are  translated  from  bench  to  bedside.  europe  the  european  unions  member  states  are  committed  to  sharing  their  best  practices  and  experiences  to  create  a  european  ehealth  area,  thereby  improving  access  to  and  quality  health  care  at  the  same  time  as  stimulating  growth  in  a  promising  new  industrial  sector.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  european  ehealth  action  plan  plays  a  fundamental  role  in  the  european  unions  strategy.  work  on  this  initiative  involves  a  collaborative  approach  among  several  parts  of  the  commission  services.  the  european  institute  for  health  records  is  involved  in  the  promotion  of  high  quality  electronic  health  record  systems  in  the  european  union.  uk  there  are  different  models  of  health  informatics  delivery  in  each  of  the  home  countries  england,  scotland,  northern  ireland  and  wales  but  some  bodies  like  ukchip  see  below  operate  for  those  in  and  for  all  the  home  countries  and  beyond.  england  nhs  informatics  in  england  was  contracted  out  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring several  vendors  for  national  health  informatics  solutions  under  the  national  programme  for  information  technology  npfit  label  in  the  early  to  mid2000s,  under  the  auspices  of  nhs  connecting  for  health  part  of  the  health  and  social  care  information  centre  as  of  1  april  2013.  npfit  originally  divided  the  country  into  five  regions,  with  strategic  systems  integration  contracts  awarded  to  one  of  several  local  service  providers  lsp.  the  various  specific  technical  solutions  were  required  to  connect  securely  with  the  nhs  spine,  a  system  designed  to  broker  data  between  different  systems  and  care  settings.  npfit  fell  significantly  behind  schedule  and  its  scope  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring design  were  being  revised  in  real  time,  exacerbated  by  media  and  political  lambasting  of  the  programmes  spend  past  and  projected  against  the  proposed  budget.  in  2010  a  consultation  was  launched  as  part  of  the  new  conservative/liberal  democrat  coalition  governments  white  paper  liberating  the  nhs.  this  initiative  provided  little  in  the  way  of  innovative  thinking,  primarily  restating  existing  strategies  within  the  proposed  new  context  of  the  coalitions  vision  for  the  nhs.the  degree  of  computerization  in  nhs  secondary  care  was  quite  high  before  npfit,  and  the  programme  stagnated  further  development  of  the  install  base  the  original  npfit  regional  approach  provided  neither  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring single,  nationwide  solution  nor  local  health  community  agility  or  autonomy  to  purchase  systems,  but  instead  tried  to  deal  with  a  hinterland  in  the  middle.almost  all  general  practices  in  england  and  wales  are  computerized  under  the  gp  systems  of  choice  programme,  and  patients  have  relatively  extensive  computerized  primary  care  clinical  records.  system  choice  is  the  responsibility  of  individual  general  practices  and  while  there  is  no  single,  standardized  gp  system,  it  sets  relatively  rigid  minimum  standards  of  performance  and  functionality  for  vendors  to  adhere  to.  interoperation  between  primary  and  secondary  care  systems  is  rather  primitive.  it  is  hoped  that  a  focus  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring interworking  for  interfacing  and  integration  standards  will  stimulate  synergy  between  primary  and  secondary  care  in  sharing  necessary  information  to  support  the  care  of  individuals.  notable  successes  to  date  are  in  the  electronic  requesting  and  viewing  of  test  results,  and  in  some  areas,  gps  have  access  to  digital  xray  images  from  secondary  care  systems.in  2019  the  gp  systems  of  choice  framework  was  replaced  by  the  gp  it  futures  framework,  which  is  to  be  the  main  vehicle  used  by  clinical  commissioning  groups  to  buy  services  for  gps.  this  is  intended  to  increase  competition  in  an  area  which  is  dominated  by  emis  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tpp.  69  technology  companies  offering  more  than  300  solutions  have  been  accepted  on  to  the  new  framework.  scotland  scotland  has  an  approach  to  the  central  connection  underway  which  is  more  advanced  than  the  english  one  in  some  ways.  scotland  has  the  gpass  system  whose  source  code  is  owned  by  the  state,  and  controlled  and  developed  by  nhs  scotland.  gpass  was  accepted  in  1984.  it  has  been  provided  free  to  all  gps  in  scotland  but  has  developed  poorly.  discussion  of  open  sourcing  it  as  a  remedy  is  occurring.  wales  wales  has  a  dedicated  health  informatics  function  that  supports  nhs  wales  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leading  on  the  new  integrated  digital  information  services  and  promoting  health  informatics  as  a  career.  netherlands  in  the  netherlands,  health  informatics  is  currently  a  priority  for  research  and  implementation.  the  netherlands  federation  of  university  medical  centers  nfu  has  created  the  citrienfonds,  which  includes  the  programs  ehealth  and  registration  at  the  source.  the  netherlands  also  has  the  national  organizations  society  for  healthcare  informatics  vmbi  and  nictiz,  the  national  center  for  standardization  and  ehealth.  emerging  directions  european  rd  the  european  commissions  preference,  as  exemplified  in  the  5th  framework  as  well  as  currently  pursued  pilot  projects,  is  for  free/libre  and  open  source  software
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring floss  for  health  care.  another  stream  of  research  currently  focuses  on  aspects  of  big  data  in  health  information  systems.  for  background  information  on  datarelated  aspects  in  health  informatics  see,  e.g.,  the  book  biomedical  informatics  by  andreas  holzinger.  asia  and  oceania  in  asia  and  australianew  zealand,  the  regional  group  called  the  asia  pacific  association  for  medical  informatics  apami  was  established  in  1994  and  now  consists  of  more  than  15  member  regions  in  the  asia  pacific  region.  australia  the  australasian  college  of  health  informatics  achi  is  the  professional  association  for  health  informatics  in  the  asiapacific  region.  it  represents  the  interests  of  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring broad  range  of  clinical  and  nonclinical  professionals  working  within  the  health  informatics  sphere  through  a  commitment  to  quality,  standards  and  ethical  practice.  achi  is  an  academic  institutional  member  of  the  international  medical  informatics  association  imia  and  a  full  member  of  the  australian  council  of  professions.achi  is  a  sponsor  of  the  ejournal  for  health  informatics,  an  indexed  and  peerreviewed  professional  journal.  achi  has  also  supported  the  australian  health  informatics  education  council  ahiec  since  its  founding  in  2009.although  there  are  a  number  of  health  informatics  organizations  in  australia,  the  health  informatics  society  of  australia  hisa  is  regarded  as  the  major  umbrella  group
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  is  a  member  of  the  international  medical  informatics  association  imia.  nursing  informaticians  were  the  driving  force  behind  the  formation  of  hisa,  which  is  now  a  company  limited  by  guarantee  of  the  members.  the  membership  comes  from  across  the  informatics  spectrum  that  is  from  students  to  corporate  affiliates.  hisa  has  a  number  of  branches  queensland,  new  south  wales,  victoria  and  western  australia  as  well  as  special  interest  groups  such  as  nursing  nia,  pathology,  aged  and  community  care,  industry  and  medical  imaging  conrick,  2006.  china  after  20  years,  china  performed  a  successful  transition  from  its  planned  economy  to  a  socialist  market
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring economy.  along  this  change,  chinas  health  care  system  also  experienced  a  significant  reform  to  follow  and  adapt  to  this  historical  revolution.  in  2003,  the  data  released  from  ministry  of  health  of  the  peoples  republic  of  china  moh,  indicated  that  the  national  health  careinvolved  expenditure  was  up  to  rmb  662.33  billion  totally,  which  accounted  for  about  5.56  of  nationwide  gross  domestic  products.  before  the  1980s,  the  entire  health  care  costs  were  covered  in  central  government  annual  budget.  since  that,  the  construct  of  health  careexpended  supporters  started  to  change  gradually.  most  of  the  expenditure  was  contributed  by  health  insurance  schemes  and  private
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring spending,  which  corresponded  to  40  and  45  of  total  expenditure,  respectively.  meanwhile,  the  financially  governmental  contribution  was  decreased  to  10  only.  on  the  other  hand,  by  2004,  up  to  296,492  health  care  facilities  were  recorded  in  statistic  summary  of  moh,  and  an  average  of  2.4  clinical  beds  per  1000  people  were  mentioned  as  well.  in  china  along  with  the  development  of  information  technology  since  the  1990s,  health  care  providers  realized  that  the  information  could  generate  significant  benefits  to  improve  their  services  by  computerized  cases  and  data,  for  instance  of  gaining  the  information  for  directing  patient  care  and  assessing  the  best
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patient  care  for  specific  clinical  conditions.  therefore,  substantial  resources  were  collected  to  build  chinas  own  health  informatics  system.  most  of  these  resources  were  arranged  to  construct  hospital  information  system  his,  which  was  aimed  to  minimize  unnecessary  waste  and  repetition,  subsequently  to  promote  the  efficiency  and  qualitycontrol  of  health  care.  by  2004,  china  had  successfully  spread  his  through  approximately  3540  of  nationwide  hospitals.  however,  the  dispersion  of  hospitalowned  his  varies  critically.  in  the  east  part  of  china,  over  80  of  hospitals  constructed  his,  in  northwest  of  china  the  equivalent  was  no  more  than  20.  moreover,  all  of  the  centers  for  disease
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring control  and  prevention  cdc  above  rural  level,  approximately  80  of  health  care  organisations  above  the  rural  level  and  27  of  hospitals  over  town  level  have  the  ability  to  perform  the  transmission  of  reports  about  realtime  epidemic  situation  through  public  health  information  system  and  to  analysis  infectious  diseases  by  dynamic  statistics.china  has  four  tiers  in  its  health  care  system.  the  first  tier  is  street  health  and  workplace  clinics  and  these  are  cheaper  than  hospitals  in  terms  of  medical  billing  and  act  as  prevention  centers.  the  second  tier  is  district  and  enterprise  hospitals  along  with  specialist  clinics  and  these  provide  the  second
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring level  of  care.  the  third  tier  is  provisional  and  municipal  general  hospitals  and  teaching  hospitals  which  provided  the  third  level  of  care.  in  a  tier  of  its  own  is  the  national  hospitals  which  are  governed  by  the  ministry  of  health.  china  has  been  greatly  improving  its  health  informatics  since  it  finally  opened  its  doors  to  the  outside  world  and  joined  the  world  trade  organization  wto.  in  2001,  it  was  reported  that  china  had  324,380  medical  institutions  and  the  majority  of  those  were  clinics.  the  reason  for  that  is  that  clinics  are  prevention  centers  and  chinese  people  like  using  traditional  chinese
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medicine  as  opposed  to  western  medicine  and  it  usually  works  for  the  minor  cases.  china  has  also  been  improving  its  higher  education  in  regards  to  health  informatics.  at  the  end  of  2002,  there  were  77  medical  universities  and  medical  colleges.  there  were  48  university  medical  colleges  which  offered  bachelor,  master,  and  doctorate  degrees  in  medicine.  there  were  21  higher  medical  specialty  institutions  that  offered  diploma  degrees  so  in  total,  there  were  147  higher  medical  and  educational  institutions.  since  joining  the  wto,  china  has  been  working  hard  to  improve  its  education  system  and  bring  it  up  to  international  standards.sars  played  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring large  role  in  china  quickly  improving  its  health  care  system.  back  in  2003,  there  was  an  outbreak  of  sars  and  that  made  china  hurry  to  spread  his  or  hospital  information  system  and  more  than  80  of  hospitals  had  his.  china  had  been  comparing  itself  to  koreas  health  care  system  and  figuring  out  how  it  can  better  its  own  system.  there  was  a  study  done  that  surveyed  six  hospitals  in  china  that  had  his.  the  results  were  that  doctors  didnt  use  computers  as  much  so  it  was  concluded  that  it  wasnt  used  as  much  for  clinical  practice  than  it  was  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring administrative  purposes.  the  survey  asked  if  the  hospitals  created  any  websites  and  it  was  concluded  that  only  four  of  them  had  created  websites  and  that  three  had  a  thirdparty  company  create  it  for  them  and  one  was  created  by  the  hospital  staff.  in  conclusion,  all  of  them  agreed  or  strongly  agreed  that  providing  health  information  on  the  internet  should  be  utilized.  standards  in  china  collected  information  at  different  times,  by  different  participants  or  systems  could  frequently  lead  to  issues  of  misunderstanding,  discomparing  or  disexchanging.  to  design  an  issuesminor  system,  health  care  providers  realized  that  certain  standards  were  the  basis  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sharing  information  and  interoperability,  however  a  system  lacking  standards  would  be  a  large  impediment  to  interfere  the  improvement  of  corresponding  information  systems.  given  that  the  standardization  for  health  informatics  depends  on  the  authorities,  standardization  events  must  be  involved  with  government  and  the  subsequently  relevant  funding  and  supports  were  critical.  in  2003,  the  ministry  of  health  released  the  development  layout  of  national  health  informatics  20032010  indicating  the  identification  of  standardization  for  health  informatics  which  is  combining  adoption  of  international  standards  and  development  of  national  standards.in  china,  the  establishment  of  standardization  was  initially  facilitated  with  the  development  of  vocabulary,  classification  and  coding,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring which  is  conducive  to  reserve  and  transmit  information  for  premium  management  at  national  level.  by  2006,  55  international/  domestic  standards  of  vocabulary,  classification  and  coding  have  served  in  hospital  information  system.  in  2003,  the  10th  revision  of  the  international  statistical  classification  of  diseases  and  related  health  problems  icd10  and  the  icd10  clinical  modification  icd10cm  were  adopted  as  standards  for  diagnostic  classification  and  acute  care  procedure  classification.  simultaneously,  the  international  classification  of  primary  care  icpc  were  translated  and  tested  in  china  s  local  applied  environment.another  coding  standard,  named  logical  observation  identifiers  names  and  codes  loinc,  was  applied  to  serve  as  general
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring identifiers  for  clinical  observation  in  hospitals.  personal  identifier  codes  were  widely  employed  in  different  information  systems,  involving  name,  sex,  nationality,  family  relationship,  educational  level  and  job  occupation.  however,  these  codes  within  different  systems  are  inconsistent,  when  sharing  between  different  regions.  considering  this  large  quantity  of  vocabulary,  classification  and  coding  standards  between  different  jurisdictions,  the  health  care  provider  realized  that  using  multiple  systems  could  generate  issues  of  resource  wasting  and  a  nonconflicting  national  level  standard  was  beneficial  and  necessary.  therefore,  in  late  2003,  the  health  informatics  group  in  ministry  of  health  released  three  projects  to  deal  with  issues  of  lacking  national
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  information  standards,  which  were  the  chinese  national  health  information  framework  and  standardization,  the  basic  data  set  standards  of  hospital  information  system  and  the  basic  data  set  standards  of  public  health  information  system.  comparison  between  chinas  ehr  standard  and  segments  of  the  astm  e  1384  standard  recently,  researchers  from  local  universities  evaluated  the  performance  of  chinas  electronic  health  record  ehr  standard  compared  with  the  american  society  for  testing  and  materials  standard  practice  for  content  and  structure  of  electronic  health  records  in  the  united  states  astm  e  1384  standard.the  table  above  demonstrates  details  of  this  comparison  which  indicates  certain  domains  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring improvement  for  future  revisions  of  ehr  standard  in  china.  meticulously,  these  deficiencies  are  listed  in  the  following.the  lack  of  supporting  on  privacy  and  security.  the  iso/ts  18308  specifies  the  ehr  must  support  the  ethical  and  legal  use  of  personal  information,  in  accordance  with  established  privacy  principles  and  frameworks,  which  may  be  culturally  or  jurisdictionally  specific  iso  18308:  health  informaticsrequirements  for  an  electronic  health  record  architecture,  2004.  however  this  chinas  ehr  standard  did  not  achieve  any  of  the  fifteen  requirements  in  the  subclass  of  privacy  and  security.the  shortage  of  supporting  on  different  types  of  data  and  reference.  considering  only  icd9  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring referenced  as  chinas  external  international  coding  systems,  other  similar  systems,  such  as  snomed  ct  in  clinical  terminology  presentation,  cannot  be  considered  as  familiar  for  chinese  specialists,  which  could  lead  to  internationally  informationsharing  deficiency.the  lack  of  more  generic  and  extensible  lower  level  data  structures.  chinas  large  and  complex  ehr  standard  was  constructed  for  all  medical  domains.  however,  the  specific  and  timefrequent  attributes  of  clinical  data  elements,  value  sets  and  templates  identified  that  this  onceforall  purpose  cannot  lead  to  practical  consequence.  hong  kong  in  hong  kong  a  computerized  patient  record  system  called  the  clinical  management  system  cms  has  been  developed  by  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hospital  authority  since  1994.  this  system  has  been  deployed  at  all  the  sites  of  the  authority  40  hospitals  and  120  clinics.  it  is  used  for  up  to  2  million  transactions  daily  by  30,000  clinical  staff.  the  comprehensive  records  of  7  million  patients  are  available  online  in  the  electronic  patient  record  epr,  with  data  integrated  from  all  sites.  since  2004  radiology  image  viewing  has  been  added  to  the  epr,  with  radiography  images  from  any  ha  site  being  available  as  part  of  the  epr.the  hong  kong  hospital  authority  placed  particular  attention  to  the  governance  of  clinical  systems  development,  with  input  from  hundreds
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  clinicians  being  incorporated  through  a  structured  process.  the  health  informatics  section  in  the  hospital  authority  has  a  close  relationship  with  the  information  technology  department  and  clinicians  to  develop  health  care  systems  for  the  organization  to  support  the  service  to  all  public  hospitals  and  clinics  in  the  region.the  hong  kong  society  of  medical  informatics  hksmi  was  established  in  1987  to  promote  the  use  of  information  technology  in  health  care.  the  ehealth  consortium  has  been  formed  to  bring  together  clinicians  from  both  the  private  and  public  sectors,  medical  informatics  professionals  and  the  it  industry  to  further  promote  it  in  health  care
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  hong  kong.  india  ehcf  school  of  medical  informaticsehealthcare  foundation  malaysia  since  2010,  the  ministry  of  health  moh  has  been  working  on  the  malaysian  health  data  warehouse  myhdw  project.  myhdw  aims  to  meet  the  diverse  needs  of  timely  health  information  provision  and  management,  and  acts  as  a  platform  for  the  standardization  and  integration  of  health  data  from  a  variety  of  sources  health  informatics  centre,  2013.  the  ministry  has  embarked  on  introducing  the  electronic  hospital  information  systems  his  in  several  public  hospitals  including  serdang  hospital,  selayang  hospital  and  university  kebangsaan  malaysia  medical  centre  ukmmc  under  the  ministry  of  higher  education  mohe.a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hospital  information  system  his  is  a  comprehensive,  integrated  information  system  designed  to  manage  the  administrative,  financial  and  clinical  aspects  of  a  hospital.  as  an  area  of  medical  informatics,  the  aim  of  hospital  information  system  is  to  achieve  the  best  possible  support  of  patient  care  and  administration  by  electronic  data  processing.  his  plays  a  vital  role  in  planning,  initiating,  organizing  and  controlling  the  operations  of  the  subsystems  of  the  hospital  and  thus  provides  a  synergistic  organization  in  the  process.  new  zealand  health  informatics  is  taught  at  five  new  zealand  universities.  the  most  mature  and  established  programme  has  been  offered  for  over
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  decade  at  otago.  health  informatics  new  zealand  hinz,  is  the  national  organisation  that  advocates  for  health  informatics.  hinz  organises  a  conference  every  year  and  also  publishes  a  journal  healthcare  informatics  review  online.  saudi  arabia  the  saudi  association  for  health  information  sahi  was  established  in  2006  to  work  under  direct  supervision  of  king  saud  bin  abdulaziz  university  for  health  sciences  to  practice  public  activities,  develop  theoretical  and  applicable  knowledge,  and  provide  scientific  and  applicable  studies.  postsoviet  countries  the  russian  federation  the  russian  health  care  system  is  based  on  the  principles  of  the  soviet  health  care  system,  which  was  oriented  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mass  prophylaxis,  prevention  of  infection  and  epidemic  diseases,  vaccination  and  immunization  of  the  population  on  a  socially  protected  basis.  the  current  government  health  care  system  consists  of  several  directions:preventive  health  careprimary  health  carespecialized  medical  careobstetrical  and  gynecologic  medical  carepediatric  medical  caresurgeryrehabilitation/  health  resort  treatmentone  of  the  main  issues  of  the  postsoviet  medical  health  care  system  was  the  absence  of  the  united  system  providing  optimization  of  work  for  medical  institutes  with  one,  single  database  and  structured  appointment  schedule  and  hence  hourslong  lines.  efficiency  of  medical  workers  might  have  been  also  doubtful  because  of  the  paperwork  administrating  or  lost  book  records.along  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  development  of  the  information  systems  it  and  health  care  departments  in  moscow  agreed  on  design  of  a  system  that  would  improve  public  services  of  health  care  institutes.  tackling  the  issues  appearing  in  the  existing  system,  the  moscow  government  ordered  that  the  design  of  a  system  would  provide  simplified  electronic  booking  to  public  clinics  and  automate  the  work  of  medical  workers  on  the  first  level.the  system  designed  for  that  purposes  was  called  emias  united  medical  information  and  analysis  system  and  presents  an  electronic  health  record  ehr  with  the  majority  of  other  services  set  in  the  system  that  manages  the  flow
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  patients,  contains  outpatient  card  integrated  in  the  system,  and  provides  an  opportunity  to  manage  consolidated  managerial  accounting  and  personalized  list  of  medical  help.  besides  that,  the  system  contains  information  about  availability  of  the  medical  institutions  and  various  doctors.the  implementation  of  the  system  started  in  2013  with  the  organization  of  one  computerized  database  for  all  patients  in  the  city,  including  a  frontend  for  the  users.  emias  was  implemented  in  moscow  and  the  region  and  it  is  planned  that  the  project  should  extend  to  most  parts  of  the  country.  law  health  informatics  law  deals  with  evolving  and  sometimes  complex  legal  principles
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  they  apply  to  information  technology  in  healthrelated  fields.  it  addresses  the  privacy,  ethical  and  operational  issues  that  invariably  arise  when  electronic  tools,  information  and  media  are  used  in  health  care  delivery.  health  informatics  law  also  applies  to  all  matters  that  involve  information  technology,  health  care  and  the  interaction  of  information.  it  deals  with  the  circumstances  under  which  data  and  records  are  shared  with  other  fields  or  areas  that  support  and  enhance  patient  care.as  many  health  care  systems  are  making  an  effort  to  have  patient  records  more  readily  available  to  them  via  the  internet,  it  is  important  that  providers  implement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring security  standards  in  order  to  ensure  that  the  patients  information  is  safe.  they  have  to  be  able  to  assure  confidentiality,  integrity,  and  security  of  the  people,  process,  and  technology.  since  there  is  also  the  possibility  of  payments  being  made  through  this  system,  it  is  vital  that  this  aspect  of  their  private  information  will  also  be  protected  through  cryptography.the  use  of  technology  in  health  care  settings  has  become  popular  and  this  trend  is  expected  to  continue.  various  health  care  facilities  had  instigated  different  kinds  of  health  information  technology  systems  in  the  provision  of  patient  care,  such  as  electronic  health  records  ehrs,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring computerized  charting,  etc.  the  growing  popularity  of  health  information  technology  systems  and  the  escalation  in  the  amount  of  health  information  that  can  be  exchanged  and  transferred  electronically  increased  the  risk  of  potential  infringement  in  patients  privacy  and  confidentiality.  this  concern  triggered  the  establishment  of  strict  measures  by  both  policymakers  and  individual  facility  to  ensure  patient  privacy  and  confidentiality.one  of  the  federal  laws  enacted  to  safeguard  patients  health  information  medical  record,  billing  information,  treatment  plan,  etc.  and  to  guarantee  patients  privacy  is  the  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  of  1996  or  hipaa.  hipaa  gives  patients  the  autonomy  and  control  over
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring their  own  health  records.  furthermore,  according  to  the  u.s.  department  of  health  human  services  n.d.,  this  law  enables  patients  to:view  their  own  health  recordsrequest  a  copy  of  their  own  medical  recordsrequest  correction  to  any  incorrect  health  informationknow  who  has  access  to  their  health  recordrequest  who  can  and  cannot  view/access  their  health  information  health  and  medical  informatics  journals  computers  and  biomedical  research,  published  in  1967,  was  one  of  the  first  dedicated  journals  to  health  informatics.  other  early  journals  included  computers  and  medicine,  published  by  the  american  medical  association;  journal  of  clinical  computing,  published  by  gallagher  printing;  journal  of  medical  systems,  published
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  plenum  press;  and  md  computing,  published  by  springerverlag.  in  1984,  lippincott  published  the  first  nursingspecific  journal,  titled  journal  computers  in  nursing,  which  is  now  known  as  computers  informatics  nursing  cin.as  of  september  7,  2016,  there  are  roughly  235  informatics  journals  listed  in  the  national  library  of  medicine  nlm  catalog  of  journals.  the  journal  citation  reports  for  2018  gives  the  top  three  journals  in  medical  informatics  as  the  journal  of  medical  internet  research  impact  factor  of  4.945,  jmir  mhealth  and  uhealth  4.301  and  the  journal  of  the  american  medical  informatics  association  4.292.  see  also  related  concepts  references  further  reading  embi
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pj,  payne  pr  2009.  clinical  research  informatics:  challenges,  opportunities  and  definition  for  an  emerging  domain.  journal  of  the  american  medical  informatics  association.  16  3:  31627.  doi:10.1197/jamia.m3005.  pmc  2732242.  pmid  19261934.kahn  mg,  weng  c  june  2012.  clinical  research  informatics:  a  conceptual  perspective.  journal  of  the  american  medical  informatics  association.  19  e1:  e3642.  doi:10.1136/amiajnl2012000968.  pmc  3392857.  pmid  22523344.johnson,  j.  david  et  al.  2001.  a  model  for  understanding  and  affecting  cancer  genetic  information  seeking,  elsevier  science  inc.katzan  rudick,  2012.  time  to  integrate  clinical  and  research  informatics.  science  translational  medicine  162fs41serenko  a,  dohan  m,  tan  j  2017.  global  ranking  of  management  and  clinicalcentered  ehealth
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  and  usage  monitoring  systems  hums  is  a  generic  term  given  to  activities  that  utilize  data  collection  and  analysis  techniques  to  help  ensure  availability,  reliability  and  safety  of  vehicles.  activities  similar  to,  or  sometimes  used  interchangeably  with,  hums  include  conditionbased  maintenance  cbm  and  operational  data  recording  odr.  this  term  hums  is  often  used  in  reference  to  airborne  craft  and  in  particular  rotorcraft  the  term  is  cited  as  being  introduced  by  the  offshore  oil  industry  after  a  commercial  chinook  crashed  in  the  north  sea,  killing  all  but  one  passenger  and  one  crew  member  in  1986.hums  technology  and  regulation  continues  to  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring developed.hums  are  now  used  not  only  for  safety  but  for  a  number  of  other  reasons  including  maintenance:  reduced  mission  aborts,  fewer  instances  of  aircraft  on  ground  aog,  simplified  logistics  for  fleet  deploymentcost:  maintain  as  you  fly  maintenance  flights  are  not  required.  performing  repairs  when  the  damage  is  minor  increases  the  aircraft  mean  time  before  failure  mtbf  and  decreases  the  mean  time  to  repair  mttroperational:  improved  flight  safety,  mission  reliability  and  effectivenessperformance:  improved  aircraft  performance  and  reduced  fuel  consumption  references  external  links  united  electronic  industries  1bae  systems  2ge  aviation  3
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  medicine,  monitoring  is  the  observation  of  a  disease,  condition  or  one  or  several  medical  parameters  over  time.it  can  be  performed  by  continuously  measuring  certain  parameters  by  using  a  medical  monitor  for  example,  by  continuously  measuring  vital  signs  by  a  bedside  monitor,  and/or  by  repeatedly  performing  medical  tests  such  as  blood  glucose  monitoring  with  a  glucose  meter  in  people  with  diabetes  mellitus.transmitting  data  from  a  monitor  to  a  distant  monitoring  station  is  known  as  telemetry  or  biotelemetry.  classification  by  target  parameter  monitoring  can  be  classified  by  the  target  of  interest,  including:cardiac  monitoring,  which  generally  refers  to  continuous  electrocardiography  with  assessment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  patients  condition  relative  to  their  cardiac  rhythm.  a  small  monitor  worn  by  an  ambulatory  patient  for  this  purpose  is  known  as  a  holter  monitor.  cardiac  monitoring  can  also  involve  cardiac  output  monitoring  via  an  invasive  swanganz  catheter.hemodynamic  monitoring,  which  monitors  the  blood  pressure  and  blood  flow  within  the  circulatory  system.  blood  pressure  can  be  measured  either  invasively  through  an  inserted  blood  pressure  transducer  assembly,  or  noninvasively  with  an  inflatable  blood  pressure  cuff.respiratory  monitoring,  such  as:pulse  oximetry  which  involves  measurement  of  the  saturated  percentage  of  oxygen  in  the  blood,  referred  to  as  spo2,  and  measured  by  an  infrared  finger
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cuffcapnography,  which  involves  co2  measurements,  referred  to  as  etco2  or  endtidal  carbon  dioxide  concentration.  the  respiratory  rate  monitored  as  such  is  called  awrr  or  airway  respiratory  raterespiratory  rate  monitoring  through  a  thoracic  transducer  belt,  an  ecg  channel  or  via  capnographyneurological  monitoring,  such  as  of  intracranial  pressure.  also,  there  are  special  patient  monitors  which  incorporate  the  monitoring  of  brain  waves  electroencephalography,  gas  anesthetic  concentrations,  bispectral  index  bis,  etc.  they  are  usually  incorporated  into  anesthesia  machines.  in  neurosurgery  intensive  care  units,  brain  eeg  monitors  have  a  larger  multichannel  capability  and  can  monitor  other  physiological  events,  as  well.blood  glucose  monitoringchildbirth  monitoringbody  temperature  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring through  an  adhesive  pad  containing  a  thermoelectric  transducer.cancer  therapy  monitoring  through  circulating  tumor  cells  vital  parameters  monitoring  of  vital  parameters  can  include  several  of  the  ones  mentioned  above,  and  most  commonly  include  at  least  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  and  preferably  also  pulse  oximetry  and  respiratory  rate.  multimodal  monitors  that  simultaneously  measure  and  display  the  relevant  vital  parameters  are  commonly  integrated  into  the  bedside  monitors  in  critical  care  units,  and  the  anesthetic  machines  in  operating  rooms.  these  allow  for  continuous  monitoring  of  a  patient,  with  medical  staff  being  continuously  informed  of  the  changes  in  general  condition  of  a  patient.  some
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitors  can  even  warn  of  pending  fatal  cardiac  conditions  before  visible  signs  are  noticeable  to  clinical  staff,  such  as  atrial  fibrillation  or  premature  ventricular  contraction  pvc.  medical  monitor  a  medical  monitor  or  physiological  monitor  is  a  medical  device  used  for  monitoring.  it  can  consist  of  one  or  more  sensors,  processing  components,  display  devices  which  are  sometimes  in  themselves  called  monitors,  as  well  as  communication  links  for  displaying  or  recording  the  results  elsewhere  through  a  monitoring  network.  components  sensor  sensors  of  medical  monitors  include  biosensors  and  mechanical  sensors.  translating  component  the  translating  component  of  medical  monitors  is  responsible  for  converting  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring signals  from  the  sensors  to  a  format  that  can  be  shown  on  the  display  device  or  transferred  to  an  external  display  or  recording  device.  display  device  physiological  data  are  displayed  continuously  on  a  crt,  led  or  lcd  screen  as  data  channels  along  the  time  axis,  they  may  be  accompanied  by  numerical  readouts  of  computed  parameters  on  the  original  data,  such  as  maximum,  minimum  and  average  values,  pulse  and  respiratory  frequencies,  and  so  on.besides  the  tracings  of  physiological  parameters  along  time  x  axis,  digital  medical  displays  have  automated  numeric  readouts  of  the  peak  and/or  average  parameters  displayed  on  the  screen.modern  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring display  devices  commonly  use  digital  signal  processing  dsp,  which  has  the  advantages  of  miniaturization,  portability,  and  multiparameter  displays  that  can  track  many  different  vital  signs  at  once.old  analog  patient  displays,  in  contrast,  were  based  on  oscilloscopes,  and  had  one  channel  only,  usually  reserved  for  electrocardiographic  monitoring  ecg.  therefore,  medical  monitors  tended  to  be  highly  specialized.  one  monitor  would  track  a  patients  blood  pressure,  while  another  would  measure  pulse  oximetry,  another  the  ecg.  later  analog  models  had  a  second  or  third  channel  displayed  in  the  same  screen,  usually  to  monitor  respiration  movements  and  blood  pressure.  these  machines  were  widely  used  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring saved  many  lives,  but  they  had  several  restrictions,  including  sensitivity  to  electrical  interference,  base  level  fluctuations  and  absence  of  numeric  readouts  and  alarms.  communication  links  several  models  of  multiparameter  monitors  are  networkable,  i.e.,  they  can  send  their  output  to  a  central  icu  monitoring  station,  where  a  single  staff  member  can  observe  and  respond  to  several  bedside  monitors  simultaneously.  ambulatory  telemetry  can  also  be  achieved  by  portable,  batteryoperated  models  which  are  carried  by  the  patient  and  which  transmit  their  data  via  a  wireless  data  connection.digital  monitoring  has  created  the  possibility,  which  is  being  fully  developed,  of  integrating  the  physiological  data  from
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  patient  monitoring  networks  into  the  emerging  hospital  electronic  health  record  and  digital  charting  systems,  using  appropriate  health  care  standards  which  have  been  developed  for  this  purpose  by  organizations  such  as  ieee  and  hl7.  this  newer  method  of  charting  patient  data  reduces  the  likelihood  of  human  documentation  error  and  will  eventually  reduce  overall  paper  consumption.  in  addition,  automated  ecg  interpretation  incorporates  diagnostic  codes  automatically  into  the  charts.  medical  monitors  embedded  software  can  take  care  of  the  data  coding  according  to  these  standards  and  send  messages  to  the  medical  records  application,  which  decodes  them  and  incorporates  the  data  into  the  adequate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring fields.longdistance  connectivity  can  avail  for  telemedicine,  which  involves  provision  of  clinical  health  care  at  a  distance.  other  components  a  medical  monitor  can  also  have  the  function  to  produce  an  alarm  such  as  using  audible  signals  to  alert  the  staff  when  certain  criteria  are  set,  such  as  when  some  parameter  exceeds  of  falls  the  level  limits.  mobile  appliances  an  entirely  new  scope  is  opened  with  mobile  carried  monitors,  even  such  in  subskin  carriage.  this  class  of  monitors  delivers  information  gathered  in  bodyarea  networking  ban  to  e.g.  smart  phones  and  implemented  autonomous  agents.  interpretation  of  monitored  parameters  monitoring  of  clinical  parameters  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring primarily  intended  to  detect  changes  or  absence  of  changes  in  the  clinical  status  of  an  individual.  for  example,  the  parameter  of  oxygen  saturation  is  usually  monitored  to  detect  changes  in  respiratory  capability  of  an  individual.  change  in  status  versus  test  variability  when  monitoring  a  clinical  parameters,  differences  between  test  results  or  values  of  a  continuously  monitored  parameter  after  a  time  interval  can  reflect  either  or  both  an  actual  change  in  the  status  of  the  condition  or  a  testretest  variability  of  the  test  method.in  practice,  the  possibility  that  a  difference  is  due  to  testretest  variability  can  almost  certainly  be  excluded  if
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  difference  is  larger  than  a  predefined  critical  difference.  this  critical  difference  cd  is  calculated  as:  c  d  k  c  v  a  2  c  v  i  2  displaystyle  cdktimes  sqrt  cva2cvi2  ,  where:k,  is  a  factor  dependent  on  the  preferred  probability  level.  usually,  it  is  set  at  2.77,  which  reflects  a  95  prediction  interval,  in  which  case  there  is  less  than  5  probability  that  a  test  result  would  become  higher  or  lower  than  the  critical  difference  by  testretest  variability  in  the  absence  of  other  factors.cva  is  the  analytical  variationcvi  is  the  intraindividual  variabilityfor  example,  if  a  patient  has  a  hemoglobin
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring level  of  100  g/l,  the  analytical  variation  cva  is  1.8  and  the  intraindividual  variability  cvi  is  2.2,  then  the  critical  difference  is  8.1  g/l.  thus,  for  changes  of  less  than  8  g/l  since  a  previous  test,  the  possibility  that  the  change  is  completely  caused  by  testretest  variability  may  need  to  be  considered  in  addition  to  considering  effects  of,  for  example,  diseases  or  treatments.critical  differences  for  other  tests  include  early  morning  urinary  albumin  concentration,  with  a  critical  difference  of  40.  techniques  in  development  the  development  of  new  techniques  for  monitoring  is  an  advanced  and  developing  field  in  smart  medicine,  biomedicalaided  integrative
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medicine,  alternative  medicine,  selftailored  preventive  medicine  and  predictive  medicine  that  emphasizes  monitoring  of  comprehensive  medical  data  of  patients,  people  at  risk  and  healthy  people  using  advanced,  smart,  minimally  invasive  biomedical  devices,  biosensors,  labonachip  in  the  future  nanomedicine  devices  like  nanorobots  and  advanced  computerized  medical  diagnosis  and  early  warning  tools  over  a  short  clinical  interview  and  drug  prescription.as  biomedical  research,  nanotechnology  and  nutrigenomics  advances,  realizing  the  human  bodys  selfhealing  capabilities  and  the  growing  awareness  of  the  limitations  of  medical  intervention  by  chemical  drugsonly  approach  of  old  school  medical  treatment,  new  researches  that  shows  the  enormous  damage  medications  can  cause,  researchers  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring working  to  fulfill  the  need  for  a  comprehensive  further  study  and  personal  continuous  clinical  monitoring  of  health  conditions  while  keeping  legacy  medical  intervention  as  a  last  resort.in  many  medical  problems,  drugs  offer  temporary  relief  of  symptoms  while  the  root  of  a  medical  problem  remains  unknown  without  enough  data  of  all  our  biological  systems.  our  body  is  equipped  with  subsystems  for  the  purpose  of  maintaining  balance  and  self  healing  functions.  intervention  without  sufficient  data  might  damage  those  healing  sub  systems.  monitoring  medicine  fills  the  gap  to  prevent  diagnosis  errors  and  can  assist  in  future  medical  research  by  analyzing  all  data  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring many  patients.  examples  and  applications  the  development  cycle  in  medicine  is  extremely  long,  up  to  20  years,  because  of  the  need  for  u.s.  food  and  drug  administration  fda  approvals,  therefore  many  of  monitoring  medicine  solutions  are  not  available  today  in  conventional  medicine.blood  glucose  monitoringin  vivo  blood  glucose  monitoring  devices  can  transmit  data  to  a  computer  that  can  assist  with  daily  life  suggestions  for  lifestyle  or  nutrition  and  with  the  physician  can  make  suggestions  for  further  study  in  people  who  are  at  risk  and  help  prevent  diabetes  mellitus  type  2  .stress  monitoringbio  sensors  may  provide  warnings  when  stress  levels  signs  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rising  before  human  can  notice  it  and  provide  alerts  and  suggestions.serotonin  biosensorfuture  serotonin  biosensors  may  assist  with  mood  disorders  and  depression.continuous  blood  test  based  nutritionin  the  field  of  evidencebased  nutrition,  a  labonachip  implant  that  can  run  24/7  blood  tests  may  provide  a  continuous  results  and  a  computer  can  provide  nutrition  suggestions  or  alerts.psychiatristonachipin  clinical  brain  sciences  drug  delivery  and  in  vivo  biomems  based  biosensors  may  assist  with  preventing  and  early  treatment  of  mental  disordersepilepsy  monitoringin  epilepsy,  next  generations  of  longterm  videoeeg  monitoring  may  predict  epileptic  seizure  and  prevent  them  with  changes  of  daily  life  activity  like  sleep,  stress,  nutrition  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mood  management.toxicity  monitoringsmart  biosensors  may  detect  toxic  materials  such  mercury  and  lead  and  provide  alerts.  see  also  medical  equipmentmedical  testnanoelectromechanical  system  nemsfunctional  medicine  references  further  reading  monitoring  level  of  consciousness  during  anesthesia  sedation  ,  scott  d.  kelley,  m.d.,  isbn  9780974069609healthcare  sensor  networks:  challenges  toward  practical  implementation,  daniel  tze  huei  lai  editor,  marimuthu  palaniswami  editor,  rezaul  begg  editor,  isbn  9781439821817blood  pressure  monitoring  in  cardiovascular  medicine  and  therapeutics  contemporary  cardiology,  william  b.  white,  isbn  9780896038400physiological  monitoring  and  instrument  diagnosis  in  perinatal  and  neonatal  medicine,  yves  w.  brans,  william  w.  hay  jr,  isbn  9780521419512medical  nanotechnology  and  nanomedicine  perspectives  in  nanotechnology,  harry  f.  tibbals,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  heart  rate  monitor  hrm  is  a  personal  monitoring  device  that  allows  one  to  measure/display  heart  rate  in  real  time  or  record  the  heart  rate  for  later  study.  it  is  largely  used  to  gather  heart  rate  data  while  performing  various  types  of  physical  exercise.  measuring  electrical  heart  information  is  referred  to  as  electrocardiography  ecg  or  ekg.medical  heart  rate  monitoring  used  in  hospitals  is  usually  wired  and  usually  multiple  sensors  are  used.  portable  medical  units  are  referred  to  as  a  holter  monitor.  consumer  heart  rate  monitors  are  designed  for  everyday  use  and  do  not  use  wires  to  connect.  history  early  models
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring consisted  of  a  monitoring  box  with  a  set  of  electrode  leads  which  attached  to  the  chest.  the  first  wireless  ekg  heart  rate  monitor  was  invented  in  1977  by  polar  electro  as  a  training  aid  for  the  finnish  national  cross  country  ski  team.  as  intensity  training  became  a  popular  concept  in  athletic  circles  in  the  mid80s,  retail  sales  of  wireless  personal  heart  monitors  started  in  1983.  technologies  modern  heart  rate  monitors  commonly  use  one  of  two  different  methods  to  record  heart  signals  electrical  and  optical.  both  types  of  signals  can  provide  the  same  basic  heart  rate  data,  using  fully  automated  algorithms
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  measure  heart  rate,  such  as  the  pantompkins  algorithm.ecg  electrocardiography  sensors  measure  the  biopotential  generated  by  electrical  signals  that  control  the  expansion  and  contraction  of  heart  chambers,  typically  implemented  in  medical  devices.ppg  photoplethysmography  sensors  use  a  lightbased  technology  to  measure  the  blood  volume  controlled  by  the  hearts  pumping  action.  electrical  the  electrical  monitors  consist  of  two  elements:  a  monitor/transmitter,  which  is  worn  on  a  chest  strap,  and  a  receiver.  when  a  heartbeat  is  detected  a  radio  signal  is  transmitted,  which  the  receiver  uses  to  display/determine  the  current  heart  rate.  this  signal  can  be  a  simple  radio  pulse  or  a  unique
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring coded  signal  from  the  chest  strap  such  as  bluetooth,  ant,  or  other  lowpower  radio  link.  newer  technology  prevents  one  users  receiver  from  using  signals  from  other  nearby  transmitters  known  as  crosstalk  interference  or  eavesdropping.  note  the  older  polar  5.1  khz  radio  transmission  technology  is  usable  underwater.  both  bluetooth  and  ant  use  the  2.4  ghz  radio  band,  which  cannot  send  signals  underwater.  optical  more  recent  devices  use  optics  to  measure  heart  rate  by  shining  light  from  an  led  through  the  skin  and  measuring  how  it  scatters  off  blood  vessels.  in  addition  to  measuring  the  heart  rate,  some  devices  using  this  technology
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  able  to  measure  blood  oxygen  saturation  spo2.  some  recent  optical  sensors  can  also  transmit  data  as  mentioned  above.newer  devices  such  as  cell  phones  or  watches  can  be  used  to  display  and/or  collect  the  information.  some  devices  can  simultaneously  monitor  heart  rate,  oxygen  saturation,  and  other  parameters.  these  may  include  sensors  such  as  accelerometers,  gyroscopes,  and  gps  to  detect  speed,  location  and  distance.in  recent  years,  it  has  been  common  for  smartwatches  to  include  heart  rate  monitors,  which  has  greatly  increased  popularity.some  smart  watches,  smart  bands  and  cell  phones  often  use  ppg  sensors.  fitness  metrics  garmin,  polar  electro,  suunto  and  fitbit
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  vendors  selling  consumer  heart  rate  products.  most  companies  use  their  own  proprietary  heart  rate  algorithms.  accuracy  the  newer,  wrist  based  heart  rate  monitors  have  achieved  almost  identical  levels  of  accuracy  as  their  chest  strap  counterparts  with  independent  tests  showing  up  to  95  accuracy,  but  sometimes  more  than  30  error  can  persist  for  several  minutes.  optical  devices  when  used  with  rigorous  activity  can  be  less  accurate  or  when  used  underwater.currently  heart  rate  variability  is  less  available  on  optical  devices.  the  apple  watch  now  includes  hrv.  see  also  apple  watchgps  watchactivity  trackerpedometerehealthetextiles  references  external  links  media  related  to  heart  rate  monitors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  care,  healthcare,  or  healthcare  is  the  maintenance  or  improvement  of  health  via  the  prevention,  diagnosis,  and  treatment  of  disease,  illness,  injury,  and  other  physical  and  mental  impairments  in  people.  health  care  is  delivered  by  health  professionals  in  allied  health  fields.  physicians  and  physician  associates  are  a  part  of  these  health  professionals.  dentistry,  pharmacy,  midwifery,  nursing,  medicine,  optometry,  audiology,  psychology,  occupational  therapy,  physical  therapy  and  other  health  professions  are  all  part  of  health  care.  it  includes  work  done  in  providing  primary  care,  secondary  care,  and  tertiary  care,  as  well  as  in  public  health.access  to  health  care  may  vary  across  countries,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring communities,  and  individuals,  largely  influenced  by  social  and  economic  conditions  as  well  as  health  policies.  providing  health  care  services  means  the  timely  use  of  personal  health  services  to  achieve  the  best  possible  health  outcomes.  factors  to  consider  in  terms  of  healthcare  access  include  financial  limitations  such  as  insurance  coverage,  geographic  barriers  such  as  additional  transportation  costs,  possibility  to  take  paid  time  off  of  work  to  use  such  services,  and  personal  limitations  lack  of  ability  to  communicate  with  healthcare  providers,  poor  health  literacy,  low  income.  limitations  to  health  care  services  affects  negatively  the  use  of  medical  services,  efficacy  of  treatments,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring overall  outcome  wellbeing,  mortality  rates.health  care  systems  are  organizations  established  to  meet  the  health  needs  of  targeted  populations.  according  to  the  world  health  organization  who,  a  wellfunctioning  health  care  system  requires  a  financing  mechanism,  a  welltrained  and  adequately  paid  workforce,  reliable  information  on  which  to  base  decisions  and  policies,  and  well  maintained  health  facilities  to  deliver  quality  medicines  and  technologies.an  efficient  health  care  system  can  contribute  to  a  significant  part  of  a  countrys  economy,  development  and  industrialization.  health  care  is  conventionally  regarded  as  an  important  determinant  in  promoting  the  general  physical  and  mental  health  and  wellbeing  of  people  around  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world.  an  example  of  this  was  the  worldwide  eradication  of  smallpox  in  1980,  declared  by  the  who  as  the  first  disease  in  human  history  to  be  completely  eliminated  by  deliberate  health  care  interventions.  delivery  the  delivery  of  modern  health  care  depends  on  groups  of  trained  professionals  and  paraprofessionals  coming  together  as  interdisciplinary  teams.  this  includes  professionals  in  medicine,  psychology,  physiotherapy,  nursing,  dentistry,  midwifery  and  allied  health,  along  with  many  others  such  as  public  health  practitioners,  community  health  workers  and  assistive  personnel,  who  systematically  provide  personal  and  populationbased  preventive,  curative  and  rehabilitative  care  services.while  the  definitions  of  the  various  types  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  care  vary  depending  on  the  different  cultural,  political,  organizational  and  disciplinary  perspectives,  there  appears  to  be  some  consensus  that  primary  care  constitutes  the  first  element  of  a  continuing  health  care  process  and  may  also  include  the  provision  of  secondary  and  tertiary  levels  of  care.  health  care  can  be  defined  as  either  public  or  private.  primary  care  primary  care  refers  to  the  work  of  health  professionals  who  act  as  a  first  point  of  consultation  for  all  patients  within  the  health  care  system.  such  a  professional  would  usually  be  a  primary  care  physician,  such  as  a  general  practitioner  or  family  physician.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring another  professional  would  be  a  licensed  independent  practitioner  such  as  a  physiotherapist,  or  a  nonphysician  primary  care  provider  such  as  a  physician  assistant  or  nurse  practitioner.  depending  on  the  locality,  health  system  organization  the  patient  may  see  another  health  care  professional  first,  such  as  a  pharmacist  or  nurse.  depending  on  the  nature  of  the  health  condition,  patients  may  be  referred  for  secondary  or  tertiary  care.primary  care  is  often  used  as  the  term  for  the  health  care  services  that  play  a  role  in  the  local  community.  it  can  be  provided  in  different  settings,  such  as  urgent  care  centers  which  provide  same
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring day  appointments  or  services  on  a  walkin  basis.primary  care  involves  the  widest  scope  of  health  care,  including  all  ages  of  patients,  patients  of  all  socioeconomic  and  geographic  origins,  patients  seeking  to  maintain  optimal  health,  and  patients  with  all  types  of  acute  and  chronic  physical,  mental  and  social  health  issues,  including  multiple  chronic  diseases.  consequently,  a  primary  care  practitioner  must  possess  a  wide  breadth  of  knowledge  in  many  areas.  continuity  is  a  key  characteristic  of  primary  care,  as  patients  usually  prefer  to  consult  the  same  practitioner  for  routine  checkups  and  preventive  care,  health  education,  and  every  time  they  require  an  initial
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring consultation  about  a  new  health  problem.  the  international  classification  of  primary  care  icpc  is  a  standardized  tool  for  understanding  and  analyzing  information  on  interventions  in  primary  care  based  on  the  reason  for  the  patients  visit.common  chronic  illnesses  usually  treated  in  primary  care  may  include,  for  example:  hypertension,  diabetes,  asthma,  copd,  depression  and  anxiety,  back  pain,  arthritis  or  thyroid  dysfunction.  primary  care  also  includes  many  basic  maternal  and  child  health  care  services,  such  as  family  planning  services  and  vaccinations.  in  the  united  states,  the  2013  national  health  interview  survey  found  that  skin  disorders  42.7,  osteoarthritis  and  joint  disorders  33.6,  back  problems
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 23.9,  disorders  of  lipid  metabolism  22.4,  and  upper  respiratory  tract  disease  22.1,  excluding  asthma  were  the  most  common  reasons  for  accessing  a  physician.in  the  united  states,  primary  care  physicians  have  begun  to  deliver  primary  care  outside  of  the  managed  care  insurancebilling  system  through  direct  primary  care  which  is  a  subset  of  the  more  familiar  concierge  medicine.  physicians  in  this  model  bill  patients  directly  for  services,  either  on  a  prepaid  monthly,  quarterly,  or  annual  basis,  or  bill  for  each  service  in  the  office.  examples  of  direct  primary  care  practices  include  foundation  health  in  colorado  and  qliance  in  washington.in  context  of  global
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring population  aging,  with  increasing  numbers  of  older  adults  at  greater  risk  of  chronic  noncommunicable  diseases,  rapidly  increasing  demand  for  primary  care  services  is  expected  in  both  developed  and  developing  countries.  the  world  health  organization  attributes  the  provision  of  essential  primary  care  as  an  integral  component  of  an  inclusive  primary  health  care  strategy.  secondary  care  secondary  care  includes  acute  care:  necessary  treatment  for  a  short  period  of  time  for  a  brief  but  serious  illness,  injury,  or  other  health  condition.  this  care  is  often  found  in  a  hospital  emergency  department.  secondary  care  also  includes  skilled  attendance  during  childbirth,  intensive  care,  and  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring imaging  services.the  term  secondary  care  is  sometimes  used  synonymously  with  hospital  care.  however,  many  secondary  care  providers,  such  as  psychiatrists,  clinical  psychologists,  occupational  therapists,  most  dental  specialties  or  physiotherapists,  do  not  necessarily  work  in  hospitals.  some  primary  care  services  are  delivered  within  hospitals.  depending  on  the  organization  and  policies  of  the  national  health  system,  patients  may  be  required  to  see  a  primary  care  provider  for  a  referral  before  they  can  access  secondary  care.in  countries  which  operate  under  a  mixed  market  health  care  system,  some  physicians  limit  their  practice  to  secondary  care  by  requiring  patients  to  see  a  primary  care  provider
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring first.  this  restriction  may  be  imposed  under  the  terms  of  the  payment  agreements  in  private  or  group  health  insurance  plans.  in  other  cases,  medical  specialists  may  see  patients  without  a  referral,  and  patients  may  decide  whether  selfreferral  is  preferred.in  other  countries  patient  selfreferral  to  a  medical  specialist  for  secondary  care  is  rare  as  prior  referral  from  another  physician  either  a  primary  care  physician  or  another  specialist  is  considered  necessary,  regardless  of  whether  the  funding  is  from  private  insurance  schemes  or  national  health  insurance.allied  health  professionals,  such  as  physical  therapists,  respiratory  therapists,  occupational  therapists,  speech  therapists,  and  dietitians,  also  generally  work
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  secondary  care,  accessed  through  either  patient  selfreferral  or  through  physician  referral.  tertiary  care  tertiary  care  is  specialized  consultative  health  care,  usually  for  inpatients  and  on  referral  from  a  primary  or  secondary  health  professional,  in  a  facility  that  has  personnel  and  facilities  for  advanced  medical  investigation  and  treatment,  such  as  a  tertiary  referral  hospital.examples  of  tertiary  care  services  are  cancer  management,  neurosurgery,  cardiac  surgery,  plastic  surgery,  treatment  for  severe  burns,  advanced  neonatology  services,  palliative,  and  other  complex  medical  and  surgical  interventions.  quaternary  care  the  term  quaternary  care  is  sometimes  used  as  an  extension  of  tertiary  care  in  reference  to  advanced
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring levels  of  medicine  which  are  highly  specialized  and  not  widely  accessed.  experimental  medicine  and  some  types  of  uncommon  diagnostic  or  surgical  procedures  are  considered  quaternary  care.  these  services  are  usually  only  offered  in  a  limited  number  of  regional  or  national  health  care  centers.  quaternary  care  is  more  prevalent  in  the  united  kingdom.  home  and  community  care  many  types  of  health  care  interventions  are  delivered  outside  of  health  facilities.  they  include  many  interventions  of  public  health  interest,  such  as  food  safety  surveillance,  distribution  of  condoms  and  needleexchange  programs  for  the  prevention  of  transmissible  diseases.they  also  include  the  services  of  professionals  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring residential  and  community  settings  in  support  of  self  care,  home  care,  longterm  care,  assisted  living,  treatment  for  substance  use  disorders  among  other  types  of  health  and  social  care  services.community  rehabilitation  services  can  assist  with  mobility  and  independence  after  loss  of  limbs  or  loss  of  function.  this  can  include  prosthesis,  orthotics  or  wheelchairs.many  countries,  especially  in  the  west,  are  dealing  with  aging  populations,  so  one  of  the  priorities  of  the  health  care  system  is  to  help  seniors  live  full,  independent  lives  in  the  comfort  of  their  own  homes.  there  is  an  entire  section  of  health  care  geared  to  providing  seniors  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring help  in  daytoday  activities  at  home  such  as  transportation  to  and  from  doctors  appointments  along  with  many  other  activities  that  are  essential  for  their  health  and  wellbeing.  although  they  provide  home  care  for  older  adults  in  cooperation,  family  members  and  care  workers  may  harbor  diverging  attitudes  and  values  towards  their  joint  efforts.  this  state  of  affairs  presents  a  challenge  for  the  design  of  ict  information  and  communication  technology  for  home  care.because  statistics  show  that  over  80  million  americans  have  taken  time  off  of  their  primary  employment  to  care  for  a  loved  one,  many  countries  have  begun  offering  programs  such  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring consumer  directed  personal  assistant  program  to  allow  family  members  to  take  care  of  their  loved  ones  without  giving  up  their  entire  income.with  obesity  in  children  rapidly  becoming  a  major  concern,  health  services  often  set  up  programs  in  schools  aimed  at  educating  children  about  nutritional  eating  habits,  making  physical  education  a  requirement  and  teaching  young  adolescents  to  have  positive  selfimage.  ratings  health  care  ratings  are  ratings  or  evaluations  of  health  care  used  to  evaluate  the  process  of  care  and  health  care  structures  and/or  outcomes  of  health  care  services.  this  information  is  translated  into  report  cards  that  are  generated  by  quality  organizations,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nonprofit,  consumer  groups  and  media.  this  evaluation  of  quality  is  based  on  measures  of:hospital  qualityhealth  plan  qualityphysician  qualityquality  for  other  health  professionalsof  patient  experience  related  sectors  health  care  extends  beyond  the  delivery  of  services  to  patients,  encompassing  many  related  sectors,  and  is  set  within  a  bigger  picture  of  financing  and  governance  structures.  health  system  a  health  system,  also  sometimes  referred  to  as  health  care  system  or  healthcare  system  is  the  organization  of  people,  institutions,  and  resources  that  deliver  health  care  services  to  populations  in  need.  health  care  industry  the  health  care  industry  incorporates  several  sectors  that  are  dedicated  to  providing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  care  services  and  products.  as  a  basic  framework  for  defining  the  sector,  the  united  nations  international  standard  industrial  classification  categorizes  health  care  as  generally  consisting  of  hospital  activities,  medical  and  dental  practice  activities,  and  other  human  health  activities.  the  last  class  involves  activities  of,  or  under  the  supervision  of,  nurses,  midwives,  physiotherapists,  scientific  or  diagnostic  laboratories,  pathology  clinics,  residential  health  facilities,  patient  advocates  or  other  allied  health  professions.in  addition,  according  to  industry  and  market  classifications,  such  as  the  global  industry  classification  standard  and  the  industry  classification  benchmark,  health  care  includes  many  categories  of  medical  equipment,  instruments  and  services  including
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring biotechnology,  diagnostic  laboratories  and  substances,  drug  manufacturing  and  delivery.for  example,  pharmaceuticals  and  other  medical  devices  are  the  leading  high  technology  exports  of  europe  and  the  united  states.  the  united  states  dominates  the  biopharmaceutical  field,  accounting  for  threequarters  of  the  worlds  biotechnology  revenues.  health  care  research  the  quantity  and  quality  of  many  health  care  interventions  are  improved  through  the  results  of  science,  such  as  advanced  through  the  medical  model  of  health  which  focuses  on  the  eradication  of  illness  through  diagnosis  and  effective  treatment.  many  important  advances  have  been  made  through  health  research,  biomedical  research  and  pharmaceutical  research,  which  form  the  basis
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  evidencebased  medicine  and  evidencebased  practice  in  health  care  delivery.health  services  research  can  lead  to  greater  efficiency  and  equitable  delivery  of  health  care  interventions,  as  advanced  through  the  social  model  of  health  and  disability,  which  emphasizes  the  societal  changes  that  can  be  made  to  make  populations  healthier.  results  from  health  services  research  often  form  the  basis  of  evidencebased  policy  in  health  care  systems.  health  services  research  is  also  aided  by  initiatives  in  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  for  the  development  of  systems  of  health  assessment  that  are  clinically  useful,  timely,  sensitive  to  change,  culturally  sensitive,  low  burden,  low  cost,  built
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring into  standard  procedures,  and  involve  the  patient.  health  care  financing  there  are  generally  five  primary  methods  of  funding  health  care  systems:general  taxation  to  the  state,  county  or  municipalitysocial  health  insurancevoluntary  or  private  health  insuranceoutofpocket  paymentsdonations  to  health  charitiesin  most  countries  there  is  a  mix  of  all  five  models,  but  this  varies  across  countries  and  over  time  within  countries.  aside  from  financing  mechanisms,  an  important  question  should  always  be  how  much  to  spend  on  healthcare.  for  the  purposes  of  comparison,  this  is  often  expressed  as  the  percentage  of  gdp  spent  on  healthcare.  in  oecd  countries  for  every  extra  1000  spent  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring healthcare,  life  expectancy  falls  by  0.4  years.  a  similar  correlation  is  seen  from  analysis  carried  out  each  year  by  bloomberg.  clearly  this  kind  of  analysis  is  flawed  in  that  life  expectancy  is  only  one  measure  of  a  health  systems  performance,  but  equally,  the  notion  that  more  funding  is  better  is  not  supported.in  2011,  the  health  care  industry  consumed  an  average  of  9.3  percent  of  the  gdp  or  us  3,322  pppadjusted  per  capita  across  the  34  members  of  oecd  countries.  the  us  17.7,  or  us  ppp  8,508,  the  netherlands  11.9,  5,099,  france  11.6,  4,118,  germany  11.3,  4,495,  canada  11.2,  5669,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring switzerland  11,  5,634  were  the  top  spenders,  however  life  expectancy  in  total  population  at  birth  was  highest  in  switzerland  82.8  years,  japan  and  italy  82.7,  spain  and  iceland  82.4,  france  82.2  and  australia  82.0,  while  oecds  average  exceeds  80  years  for  the  first  time  ever  in  2011:  80.1  years,  a  gain  of  10  years  since  1970.  the  us  78.7  years  ranges  only  on  place  26  among  the  34  oecd  member  countries,  but  has  the  highest  costs  by  far.  all  oecd  countries  have  achieved  universal  or  almost  universal  health  coverage,  except  the  us  and  mexico.  see  also  international  comparisons.in  the  united
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring states,  where  around  18  of  gdp  is  spent  on  health  care,  the  commonwealth  fund  analysis  of  spend  and  quality  shows  a  clear  correlation  between  worse  quality  and  higher  spending.  administration  and  regulation  the  management  and  administration  of  health  care  is  vital  to  the  delivery  of  health  care  services.  in  particular,  the  practice  of  health  professionals  and  operation  of  health  care  institutions  is  typically  regulated  by  national  or  state/provincial  authorities  through  appropriate  regulatory  bodies  for  purposes  of  quality  assurance.  most  countries  have  credentialing  staff  in  regulatory  boards  or  health  departments  who  document  the  certification  or  licensing  of  health  workers  and  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring work  history.  health  information  technology  health  information  technology  hit  is  the  application  of  information  processing  involving  both  computer  hardware  and  software  that  deals  with  the  storage,  retrieval,  sharing,  and  use  of  health  care  information,  data,  and  knowledge  for  communication  and  decision  making.health  information  technology  components:electronic  health  record  ehr  an  ehr  contains  a  patients  comprehensive  medical  history,  and  may  include  records  from  multiple  providers.electronic  medical  record  emr  an  emr  contains  the  standard  medical  and  clinical  data  gathered  in  ones  providers  office.personal  health  record  phr  a  phr  is  a  patients  medical  history  that  is  maintained  privately,  for  personal  use.medical  practice  management  software
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mpm  is  designed  to  streamline  the  daytoday  tasks  of  operating  a  medical  facility.  also  known  as  practice  management  software  or  practice  management  system  pms.health  information  exchange  hie  health  information  exchange  allows  health  care  professionals  and  patients  to  appropriately  access  and  securely  share  a  patients  vital  medical  information  electronically.  see  also  category:health  care  by  countryhealthcare  system  /  health  professionalshealth  equityhealth  policyuniversal  health  care  references  external  links  media  related  to  health  care  at  wikimedia  commons  travel  health  travel  guide  from  wikivoyage
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  imaging  is  the  technique  and  process  of  creating  visual  representations  of  the  interior  of  a  body  for  clinical  analysis  and  medical  intervention,  as  well  as  visual  representation  of  the  function  of  some  organs  or  tissues  physiology.  medical  imaging  seeks  to  reveal  internal  structures  hidden  by  the  skin  and  bones,  as  well  as  to  diagnose  and  treat  disease.  medical  imaging  also  establishes  a  database  of  normal  anatomy  and  physiology  to  make  it  possible  to  identify  abnormalities.  although  imaging  of  removed  organs  and  tissues  can  be  performed  for  medical  reasons,  such  procedures  are  usually  considered  part  of  pathology  instead  of  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring imaging.as  a  discipline  and  in  its  widest  sense,  it  is  part  of  biological  imaging  and  incorporates  radiology,  which  uses  the  imaging  technologies  of  xray  radiography,  magnetic  resonance  imaging,  medical  ultrasonography  or  ultrasound,  endoscopy,  elastography,  tactile  imaging,  thermography,  medical  photography,  and  nuclear  medicine  functional  imaging  techniques  as  positron  emission  tomography  pet  and  singlephoton  emission  computed  tomography  spect.measurement  and  recording  techniques  that  are  not  primarily  designed  to  produce  images,  such  as  electroencephalography  eeg,  magnetoencephalography  meg,  electrocardiography  ecg,  and  others,  represent  other  technologies  that  produce  data  susceptible  to  representation  as  a  parameter  graph  vs.  time  or  maps  that  contain  data  about  the  measurement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring locations.  in  a  limited  comparison,  these  technologies  can  be  considered  forms  of  medical  imaging  in  another  discipline.as  of  2010,  5  billion  medical  imaging  studies  had  been  conducted  worldwide.  radiation  exposure  from  medical  imaging  in  2006  made  up  about  50  of  total  ionizing  radiation  exposure  in  the  united  states.  medical  imaging  equipment  are  manufactured  using  technology  from  the  semiconductor  industry,  including  cmos  integrated  circuit  chips,  power  semiconductor  devices,  sensors  such  as  image  sensors  particularly  cmos  sensors  and  biosensors,  and  processors  such  as  microcontrollers,  microprocessors,  digital  signal  processors,  media  processors  and  systemonchip  devices.  as  of  2015,  annual  shipments  of  medical  imaging  chips
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring amount  to  46  million  units  and  1.1  billion.medical  imaging  is  often  perceived  to  designate  the  set  of  techniques  that  noninvasively  produce  images  of  the  internal  aspect  of  the  body.  in  this  restricted  sense,  medical  imaging  can  be  seen  as  the  solution  of  mathematical  inverse  problems.  this  means  that  cause  the  properties  of  living  tissue  is  inferred  from  effect  the  observed  signal.  in  the  case  of  medical  ultrasonography,  the  probe  consists  of  ultrasonic  pressure  waves  and  echoes  that  go  inside  the  tissue  to  show  the  internal  structure.  in  the  case  of  projectional  radiography,  the  probe  uses  xray  radiation,  which  is  absorbed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring at  different  rates  by  different  tissue  types  such  as  bone,  muscle,  and  fat.the  term  noninvasive  is  used  to  denote  a  procedure  where  no  instrument  is  introduced  into  a  patients  body,  which  is  the  case  for  most  imaging  techniques  used.  types  in  the  clinical  context,  invisible  light  medical  imaging  is  generally  equated  to  radiology  or  clinical  imaging  and  the  medical  practitioner  responsible  for  interpreting  and  sometimes  acquiring  the  images  is  a  radiologist.  visible  light  medical  imaging  involves  digital  video  or  still  pictures  that  can  be  seen  without  special  equipment.  dermatology  and  wound  care  are  two  modalities  that  use  visible  light  imagery.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring diagnostic  radiography  designates  the  technical  aspects  of  medical  imaging  and  in  particular  the  acquisition  of  medical  images.  the  radiographer  or  radiologic  technologist  is  usually  responsible  for  acquiring  medical  images  of  diagnostic  quality,  although  some  radiological  interventions  are  performed  by  radiologists.as  a  field  of  scientific  investigation,  medical  imaging  constitutes  a  subdiscipline  of  biomedical  engineering,  medical  physics  or  medicine  depending  on  the  context:  research  and  development  in  the  area  of  instrumentation,  image  acquisition  e.g.,  radiography,  modeling  and  quantification  are  usually  the  preserve  of  biomedical  engineering,  medical  physics,  and  computer  science;  research  into  the  application  and  interpretation  of  medical  images  is  usually  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring preserve  of  radiology  and  the  medical  subdiscipline  relevant  to  medical  condition  or  area  of  medical  science  neuroscience,  cardiology,  psychiatry,  psychology,  etc.  under  investigation.  many  of  the  techniques  developed  for  medical  imaging  also  have  scientific  and  industrial  applications.  radiography  two  forms  of  radiographic  images  are  in  use  in  medical  imaging.  projection  radiography  and  fluoroscopy,  with  the  latter  being  useful  for  catheter  guidance.  these  2d  techniques  are  still  in  wide  use  despite  the  advance  of  3d  tomography  due  to  the  low  cost,  high  resolution,  and  depending  on  the  application,  lower  radiation  dosages  with  2d  technique.  this  imaging  modality  utilizes  a  wide  beam
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  x  rays  for  image  acquisition  and  is  the  first  imaging  technique  available  in  modern  medicine.fluoroscopy  produces  realtime  images  of  internal  structures  of  the  body  in  a  similar  fashion  to  radiography,  but  employs  a  constant  input  of  xrays,  at  a  lower  dose  rate.  contrast  media,  such  as  barium,  iodine,  and  air  are  used  to  visualize  internal  organs  as  they  work.  fluoroscopy  is  also  used  in  imageguided  procedures  when  constant  feedback  during  a  procedure  is  required.  an  image  receptor  is  required  to  convert  the  radiation  into  an  image  after  it  has  passed  through  the  area  of  interest.  early  on  this  was
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  fluorescing  screen,  which  gave  way  to  an  image  amplifier  ia  which  was  a  large  vacuum  tube  that  had  the  receiving  end  coated  with  cesium  iodide,  and  a  mirror  at  the  opposite  end.  eventually  the  mirror  was  replaced  with  a  tv  camera.projectional  radiographs,  more  commonly  known  as  xrays,  are  often  used  to  determine  the  type  and  extent  of  a  fracture  as  well  as  for  detecting  pathological  changes  in  the  lungs.  with  the  use  of  radioopaque  contrast  media,  such  as  barium,  they  can  also  be  used  to  visualize  the  structure  of  the  stomach  and  intestines  this  can  help  diagnose  ulcers  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring certain  types  of  colon  cancer.  magnetic  resonance  imaging  a  magnetic  resonance  imaging  instrument  mri  scanner,  or  nuclear  magnetic  resonance  nmr  imaging  scanner  as  it  was  originally  known,  uses  powerful  magnets  to  polarize  and  excite  hydrogen  nuclei  i.e.,  single  protons  of  water  molecules  in  human  tissue,  producing  a  detectable  signal  which  is  spatially  encoded,  resulting  in  images  of  the  body.  the  mri  machine  emits  a  radio  frequency  rf  pulse  at  the  resonant  frequency  of  the  hydrogen  atoms  on  water  molecules.  radio  frequency  antennas  rf  coils  send  the  pulse  to  the  area  of  the  body  to  be  examined.  the  rf  pulse  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring absorbed  by  protons,  causing  their  direction  with  respect  to  the  primary  magnetic  field  to  change.  when  the  rf  pulse  is  turned  off,  the  protons  relax  back  to  alignment  with  the  primary  magnet  and  emit  radiowaves  in  the  process.  this  radiofrequency  emission  from  the  hydrogenatoms  on  water  is  what  is  detected  and  reconstructed  into  an  image.  the  resonant  frequency  of  a  spinning  magnetic  dipole  of  which  protons  are  one  example  is  called  the  larmor  frequency  and  is  determined  by  the  strength  of  the  main  magnetic  field  and  the  chemical  environment  of  the  nuclei  of  interest.  mri  uses  three  electromagnetic  fields:  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring very  strong  typically  1.5  to  3  teslas  static  magnetic  field  to  polarize  the  hydrogen  nuclei,  called  the  primary  field;  gradient  fields  that  can  be  modified  to  vary  in  space  and  time  on  the  order  of  1  khz  for  spatial  encoding,  often  simply  called  gradients;  and  a  spatially  homogeneous  radiofrequency  rf  field  for  manipulation  of  the  hydrogen  nuclei  to  produce  measurable  signals,  collected  through  an  rf  antenna.like  ct,  mri  traditionally  creates  a  twodimensional  image  of  a  thin  slice  of  the  body  and  is  therefore  considered  a  tomographic  imaging  technique.  modern  mri  instruments  are  capable  of  producing  images  in  the  form  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 3d  blocks,  which  may  be  considered  a  generalization  of  the  singleslice,  tomographic,  concept.  unlike  ct,  mri  does  not  involve  the  use  of  ionizing  radiation  and  is  therefore  not  associated  with  the  same  health  hazards.  for  example,  because  mri  has  only  been  in  use  since  the  early  1980s,  there  are  no  known  longterm  effects  of  exposure  to  strong  static  fields  this  is  the  subject  of  some  debate;  see  safety  in  mri  and  therefore  there  is  no  limit  to  the  number  of  scans  to  which  an  individual  can  be  subjected,  in  contrast  with  xray  and  ct.  however,  there  are  wellidentified  health  risks
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring associated  with  tissue  heating  from  exposure  to  the  rf  field  and  the  presence  of  implanted  devices  in  the  body,  such  as  pacemakers.  these  risks  are  strictly  controlled  as  part  of  the  design  of  the  instrument  and  the  scanning  protocols  used.because  ct  and  mri  are  sensitive  to  different  tissue  properties,  the  appearances  of  the  images  obtained  with  the  two  techniques  differ  markedly.  in  ct,  xrays  must  be  blocked  by  some  form  of  dense  tissue  to  create  an  image,  so  the  image  quality  when  looking  at  soft  tissues  will  be  poor.  in  mri,  while  any  nucleus  with  a  net  nuclear  spin  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  used,  the  proton  of  the  hydrogen  atom  remains  the  most  widely  used,  especially  in  the  clinical  setting,  because  it  is  so  ubiquitous  and  returns  a  large  signal.  this  nucleus,  present  in  water  molecules,  allows  the  excellent  softtissue  contrast  achievable  with  mri.a  number  of  different  pulse  sequences  can  be  used  for  specific  mri  diagnostic  imaging  multiparametric  mri  or  mpmri.  it  is  possible  to  differentiate  tissue  characteristics  by  combining  two  or  more  of  the  following  imaging  sequences,  depending  on  the  information  being  sought:  t1weighted  t1mri,  t2weighted  t2mri,  diffusion  weighted  imaging  dwimri,  dynamic  contrast  enhancement  dcemri,  and  spectroscopy  mris.  for  example,  imaging
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  prostate  tumors  is  better  accomplished  using  t2mri  and  dwimri  than  t2weighted  imaging  alone.  the  number  of  applications  of  mpmri  for  detecting  disease  in  various  organs  continues  to  expand,  including  liver  studies,  breast  tumors,  pancreatic  tumors,  and  assessing  the  effects  of  vascular  disruption  agents  on  cancer  tumors.  nuclear  medicine  nuclear  medicine  encompasses  both  diagnostic  imaging  and  treatment  of  disease,  and  may  also  be  referred  to  as  molecular  medicine  or  molecular  imaging  and  therapeutics.  nuclear  medicine  uses  certain  properties  of  isotopes  and  the  energetic  particles  emitted  from  radioactive  material  to  diagnose  or  treat  various  pathology.  different  from  the  typical  concept  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring anatomic  radiology,  nuclear  medicine  enables  assessment  of  physiology.  this  functionbased  approach  to  medical  evaluation  has  useful  applications  in  most  subspecialties,  notably  oncology,  neurology,  and  cardiology.  gamma  cameras  and  pet  scanners  are  used  in  e.g.  scintigraphy,  spect  and  pet  to  detect  regions  of  biologic  activity  that  may  be  associated  with  a  disease.  relatively  shortlived  isotope,  such  as  99mtc  is  administered  to  the  patient.  isotopes  are  often  preferentially  absorbed  by  biologically  active  tissue  in  the  body,  and  can  be  used  to  identify  tumors  or  fracture  points  in  bone.  images  are  acquired  after  collimated  photons  are  detected  by  a  crystal  that  gives  off
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  light  signal,  which  is  in  turn  amplified  and  converted  into  count  data.scintigraphy  scint  is  a  form  of  diagnostic  test  wherein  radioisotopes  are  taken  internally,  for  example  intravenously  or  orally.  then,  gamma  cameras  capture  and  form  twodimensional  images  from  the  radiation  emitted  by  the  radiopharmaceuticals.spect  is  a  3d  tomographic  technique  that  uses  gamma  camera  data  from  many  projections  and  can  be  reconstructed  in  different  planes.  a  dual  detector  head  gamma  camera  combined  with  a  ct  scanner,  which  provides  localization  of  functional  spect  data,  is  termed  a  spectct  camera,  and  has  shown  utility  in  advancing  the  field  of  molecular  imaging.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring most  other  medical  imaging  modalities,  energy  is  passed  through  the  body  and  the  reaction  or  result  is  read  by  detectors.  in  spect  imaging,  the  patient  is  injected  with  a  radioisotope,  most  commonly  thallium  201ti,  technetium  99mtc,  iodine  123i,  and  gallium  67ga.  the  radioactive  gamma  rays  are  emitted  through  the  body  as  the  natural  decaying  process  of  these  isotopes  takes  place.  the  emissions  of  the  gamma  rays  are  captured  by  detectors  that  surround  the  body.  this  essentially  means  that  the  human  is  now  the  source  of  the  radioactivity,  rather  than  the  medical  imaging  devices  such  as  xray  or  ct.positron  emission  tomography
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pet  uses  coincidence  detection  to  image  functional  processes.  shortlived  positron  emitting  isotope,  such  as  18f,  is  incorporated  with  an  organic  substance  such  as  glucose,  creating  f18fluorodeoxyglucose,  which  can  be  used  as  a  marker  of  metabolic  utilization.  images  of  activity  distribution  throughout  the  body  can  show  rapidly  growing  tissue,  like  tumor,  metastasis,  or  infection.  pet  images  can  be  viewed  in  comparison  to  computed  tomography  scans  to  determine  an  anatomic  correlate.  modern  scanners  may  integrate  pet,  allowing  petct,  or  petmri  to  optimize  the  image  reconstruction  involved  with  positron  imaging.  this  is  performed  on  the  same  equipment  without  physically  moving  the  patient  off
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  gantry.  the  resultant  hybrid  of  functional  and  anatomic  imaging  information  is  a  useful  tool  in  noninvasive  diagnosis  and  patient  management.fiduciary  markers  are  used  in  a  wide  range  of  medical  imaging  applications.  images  of  the  same  subject  produced  with  two  different  imaging  systems  may  be  correlated  called  image  registration  by  placing  a  fiduciary  marker  in  the  area  imaged  by  both  systems.  in  this  case,  a  marker  which  is  visible  in  the  images  produced  by  both  imaging  modalities  must  be  used.  by  this  method,  functional  information  from  spect  or  positron  emission  tomography  can  be  related  to  anatomical  information  provided  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring magnetic  resonance  imaging  mri.  similarly,  fiducial  points  established  during  mri  can  be  correlated  with  brain  images  generated  by  magnetoencephalography  to  localize  the  source  of  brain  activity.  ultrasound  medical  ultrasonography  uses  high  frequency  broadband  sound  waves  in  the  megahertz  range  that  are  reflected  by  tissue  to  varying  degrees  to  produce  up  to  3d  images.  this  is  commonly  associated  with  imaging  the  fetus  in  pregnant  women.  uses  of  ultrasound  are  much  broader,  however.  other  important  uses  include  imaging  the  abdominal  organs,  heart,  breast,  muscles,  tendons,  arteries  and  veins.  while  it  may  provide  less  anatomical  detail  than  techniques  such  as  ct  or  mri,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  has  several  advantages  which  make  it  ideal  in  numerous  situations,  in  particular  that  it  studies  the  function  of  moving  structures  in  realtime,  emits  no  ionizing  radiation,  and  contains  speckle  that  can  be  used  in  elastography.  ultrasound  is  also  used  as  a  popular  research  tool  for  capturing  raw  data,  that  can  be  made  available  through  an  ultrasound  research  interface,  for  the  purpose  of  tissue  characterization  and  implementation  of  new  image  processing  techniques.  the  concepts  of  ultrasound  differ  from  other  medical  imaging  modalities  in  the  fact  that  it  is  operated  by  the  transmission  and  receipt  of  sound  waves.  the  high  frequency
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sound  waves  are  sent  into  the  tissue  and  depending  on  the  composition  of  the  different  tissues;  the  signal  will  be  attenuated  and  returned  at  separate  intervals.  a  path  of  reflected  sound  waves  in  a  multilayered  structure  can  be  defined  by  an  input  acoustic  impedance  ultrasound  sound  wave  and  the  reflection  and  transmission  coefficients  of  the  relative  structures.  it  is  very  safe  to  use  and  does  not  appear  to  cause  any  adverse  effects.  it  is  also  relatively  inexpensive  and  quick  to  perform.  ultrasound  scanners  can  be  taken  to  critically  ill  patients  in  intensive  care  units,  avoiding  the  danger  caused  while  moving
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  patient  to  the  radiology  department.  the  realtime  moving  image  obtained  can  be  used  to  guide  drainage  and  biopsy  procedures.  doppler  capabilities  on  modern  scanners  allow  the  blood  flow  in  arteries  and  veins  to  be  assessed.  elastography  elastography  is  a  relatively  new  imaging  modality  that  maps  the  elastic  properties  of  soft  tissue.  this  modality  emerged  in  the  last  two  decades.  elastography  is  useful  in  medical  diagnoses,  as  elasticity  can  discern  healthy  from  unhealthy  tissue  for  specific  organs/growths.  for  example,  cancerous  tumours  will  often  be  harder  than  the  surrounding  tissue,  and  diseased  livers  are  stiffer  than  healthy  ones.  there  are  several
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring elastographic  techniques  based  on  the  use  of  ultrasound,  magnetic  resonance  imaging  and  tactile  imaging.  the  wide  clinical  use  of  ultrasound  elastography  is  a  result  of  the  implementation  of  technology  in  clinical  ultrasound  machines.  main  branches  of  ultrasound  elastography  include  quasistatic  elastography/strain  imaging,  shear  wave  elasticity  imaging  swei,  acoustic  radiation  force  impulse  imaging  arfi,  supersonic  shear  imaging  ssi,  and  transient  elastography.  in  the  last  decade  a  steady  increase  of  activities  in  the  field  of  elastography  is  observed  demonstrating  successful  application  of  the  technology  in  various  areas  of  medical  diagnostics  and  treatment  monitoring.  photoacoustic  imaging  photoacoustic  imaging  is  a  recently  developed  hybrid
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring biomedical  imaging  modality  based  on  the  photoacoustic  effect.  it  combines  the  advantages  of  optical  absorption  contrast  with  an  ultrasonic  spatial  resolution  for  deep  imaging  in  optical  diffusive  or  quasidiffusive  regime.  recent  studies  have  shown  that  photoacoustic  imaging  can  be  used  in  vivo  for  tumor  angiogenesis  monitoring,  blood  oxygenation  mapping,  functional  brain  imaging,  and  skin  melanoma  detection,  etc.  tomography  tomography  is  the  imaging  by  sections  or  sectioning.  the  main  such  methods  in  medical  imaging  are:xray  computed  tomography  ct,  or  computed  axial  tomography  cat  scan,  is  a  helical  tomography  technique  latest  generation,  which  traditionally  produces  a  2d  image  of  the  structures  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  thin  section  of  the  body.  in  ct,  a  beam  of  xrays  spins  around  an  object  being  examined  and  is  picked  up  by  sensitive  radiation  detectors  after  having  penetrated  the  object  from  multiple  angles.  a  computer  then  analyses  the  information  received  from  the  scanners  detectors  and  constructs  a  detailed  image  of  the  object  and  its  contents  using  the  mathematical  principles  laid  out  in  the  radon  transform.  it  has  a  greater  ionizing  radiation  dose  burden  than  projection  radiography;  repeated  scans  must  be  limited  to  avoid  health  effects.  ct  is  based  on  the  same  principles  as  xray  projections  but  in  this  case,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  patient  is  enclosed  in  a  surrounding  ring  of  detectors  assigned  with  5001000  scintillation  detectors  fourthgeneration  xray  ct  scanner  geometry.  previously  in  older  generation  scanners,  the  xray  beam  was  paired  by  a  translating  source  and  detector.  computed  tomography  has  almost  completely  replaced  focal  plane  tomography  in  xray  tomography  imaging.positron  emission  tomography  pet  also  used  in  conjunction  with  computed  tomography,  petct,  and  magnetic  resonance  imaging  petmri.magnetic  resonance  imaging  mri  commonly  produces  tomographic  images  of  crosssections  of  the  body.  see  separate  mri  section  in  this  article.  echocardiography  when  ultrasound  is  used  to  image  the  heart  it  is  referred  to  as  an  echocardiogram.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring echocardiography  allows  detailed  structures  of  the  heart,  including  chamber  size,  heart  function,  the  valves  of  the  heart,  as  well  as  the  pericardium  the  sac  around  the  heart  to  be  seen.  echocardiography  uses  2d,  3d,  and  doppler  imaging  to  create  pictures  of  the  heart  and  visualize  the  blood  flowing  through  each  of  the  four  heart  valves.  echocardiography  is  widely  used  in  an  array  of  patients  ranging  from  those  experiencing  symptoms,  such  as  shortness  of  breath  or  chest  pain,  to  those  undergoing  cancer  treatments.  transthoracic  ultrasound  has  been  proven  to  be  safe  for  patients  of  all  ages,  from  infants  to  the  elderly,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring without  risk  of  harmful  side  effects  or  radiation,  differentiating  it  from  other  imaging  modalities.  echocardiography  is  one  of  the  most  commonly  used  imaging  modalities  in  the  world  due  to  its  portability  and  use  in  a  variety  of  applications.  in  emergency  situations,  echocardiography  is  quick,  easily  accessible,  and  able  to  be  performed  at  the  bedside,  making  it  the  modality  of  choice  for  many  physicians.  functional  nearinfrared  spectroscopy  fnir  is  a  relatively  new  noninvasive  imaging  technique.  nirs  near  infrared  spectroscopy  is  used  for  the  purpose  of  functional  neuroimaging  and  has  been  widely  accepted  as  a  brain  imaging  technique.  magnetic  particle  imaging  using
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring superparamagnetic  iron  oxide  nanoparticles,  magnetic  particle  imaging  mpi  is  a  developing  diagnostic  imaging  technique  used  for  tracking  superparamagnetic  iron  oxide  nanoparticles.  the  primary  advantage  is  the  high  sensitivity  and  specificity,  along  with  the  lack  of  signal  decrease  with  tissue  depth.  mpi  has  been  used  in  medical  research  to  image  cardiovascular  performance,  neuroperfusion,  and  cell  tracking.  in  pregnancy  medical  imaging  may  be  indicated  in  pregnancy  because  of  pregnancy  complications,  intercurrent  diseases  or  routine  prenatal  care.  magnetic  resonance  imaging  mri  without  mri  contrast  agents  as  well  as  obstetric  ultrasonography  are  not  associated  with  any  risk  for  the  mother  or  the  fetus,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  the  imaging  techniques  of  choice  for  pregnant  women.  projectional  radiography,  xray  computed  tomography  and  nuclear  medicine  imaging  result  some  degree  of  ionizing  radiation  exposure,  but  have  with  a  few  exceptions  much  lower  absorbed  doses  than  what  are  associated  with  fetal  harm.  at  higher  dosages,  effects  can  include  miscarriage,  birth  defects  and  intellectual  disability.  maximizing  imaging  procedure  use  the  amount  of  data  obtained  in  a  single  mr  or  ct  scan  is  very  extensive.  some  of  the  data  that  radiologists  discard  could  save  patients  time  and  money,  while  reducing  their  exposure  to  radiation  and  risk  of  complications  from  invasive  procedures.  another
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring approach  for  making  the  procedures  more  efficient  is  based  on  utilizing  additional  constraints,  e.g.,  in  some  medical  imaging  modalities  one  can  improve  the  efficiency  of  the  data  acquisition  by  taking  into  account  the  fact  the  reconstructed  density  is  positive.  creation  of  threedimensional  images  volume  rendering  techniques  have  been  developed  to  enable  ct,  mri  and  ultrasound  scanning  software  to  produce  3d  images  for  the  physician.  traditionally  ct  and  mri  scans  produced  2d  static  output  on  film.  to  produce  3d  images,  many  scans  are  made  and  then  combined  by  computers  to  produce  a  3d  model,  which  can  then  be  manipulated  by  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring physician.  3d  ultrasounds  are  produced  using  a  somewhat  similar  technique.in  diagnosing  disease  of  the  viscera  of  the  abdomen,  ultrasound  is  particularly  sensitive  on  imaging  of  biliary  tract,  urinary  tract  and  female  reproductive  organs  ovary,  fallopian  tubes.  as  for  example,  diagnosis  of  gallstone  by  dilatation  of  common  bile  duct  and  stone  in  the  common  bile  duct.with  the  ability  to  visualize  important  structures  in  great  detail,  3d  visualization  methods  are  a  valuable  resource  for  the  diagnosis  and  surgical  treatment  of  many  pathologies.  it  was  a  key  resource  for  the  famous,  but  ultimately  unsuccessful  attempt  by  singaporean  surgeons  to  separate  iranian  twins  ladan
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  laleh  bijani  in  2003.  the  3d  equipment  was  used  previously  for  similar  operations  with  great  success.other  proposed  or  developed  techniques  include:diffuse  optical  tomographyelastographyelectrical  impedance  tomographyoptoacoustic  imagingophthalmologyascanbscancorneal  topographyoptical  coherence  tomographyscanning  laser  ophthalmoscopysome  of  these  techniques  are  still  at  a  research  stage  and  not  yet  used  in  clinical  routines.the  latest  development  research  in  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  and  neural  science  has  shown  the  possibilities  of  converting  2d  images  into  3d  images  using  deep  learning.  a  group  of  scientist,  worked  on  a  machine  learning  model  called  deepz.  they  tested  this  model  on  feeding  images  that  were  tilted  and  turned  and  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring result,  the  model  provided  the  exact  match  of  the  3d  structures.its  not  only  2d  models,  but  researchers  are  able  to  recover  lost  data  from  images  videos.  these  ai  neural  science  models  can  optimize  blurry  pictures  and  videos  to  increase  its  resolution,  which  can  be  helpful  in  working  with  medical  imaging.  nondiagnostic  imaging  neuroimaging  has  also  been  used  in  experimental  circumstances  to  allow  people  especially  disabled  persons  to  control  outside  devices,  acting  as  a  brain  computer  interface.many  medical  imaging  software  applications  are  used  for  nondiagnostic  imaging,  specifically  because  they  dont  have  an  fda  approval  and  not  allowed  to  use  in  clinical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring research  for  patient  diagnosis.  note  that  many  clinical  research  studies  are  not  designed  for  patient  diagnosis  anyway.  archiving  and  recording  used  primarily  in  ultrasound  imaging,  capturing  the  image  produced  by  a  medical  imaging  device  is  required  for  archiving  and  telemedicine  applications.  in  most  scenarios,  a  frame  grabber  is  used  in  order  to  capture  the  video  signal  from  the  medical  device  and  relay  it  to  a  computer  for  further  processing  and  operations.  dicom  the  digital  imaging  and  communication  in  medicine  dicom  standard  is  used  globally  to  store,  exchange,  and  transmit  medical  images.  the  dicom  standard  incorporates  protocols  for  imaging  techniques  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  radiography,  computed  tomography  ct,  magnetic  resonance  imaging  mri,  ultrasonography,  and  radiation  therapy.  compression  of  medical  images  medical  imaging  techniques  produce  very  large  amounts  of  data,  especially  from  ct,  mri  and  pet  modalities.  as  a  result,  storage  and  communications  of  electronic  image  data  are  prohibitive  without  the  use  of  compression.  jpeg  2000  is  the  stateoftheart  image  compression  dicom  standard  for  storage  and  transmission  of  medical  images.  the  cost  and  feasibility  of  accessing  large  image  data  sets  over  low  or  various  bandwidths  are  further  addressed  by  use  of  another  dicom  standard,  called  jpip,  to  enable  efficient  streaming  of  the  jpeg  2000
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring compressed  image  data.  medical  imaging  in  the  cloud  there  has  been  growing  trend  to  migrate  from  onpremise  pacs  to  a  cloud  based  pacs.  a  recent  article  by  applied  radiology  said,  as  the  digitalimaging  realm  is  embraced  across  the  healthcare  enterprise,  the  swift  transition  from  terabytes  to  petabytes  of  data  has  put  radiology  on  the  brink  of  information  overload.  cloud  computing  offers  the  imaging  department  of  the  future  the  tools  to  manage  data  much  more  intelligently.  use  in  pharmaceutical  clinical  trials  medical  imaging  has  become  a  major  tool  in  clinical  trials  since  it  enables  rapid  diagnosis  with  visualization  and  quantitative  assessment.a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring typical  clinical  trial  goes  through  multiple  phases  and  can  take  up  to  eight  years.  clinical  endpoints  or  outcomes  are  used  to  determine  whether  the  therapy  is  safe  and  effective.  once  a  patient  reaches  the  endpoint,  he  or  she  is  generally  excluded  from  further  experimental  interaction.  trials  that  rely  solely  on  clinical  endpoints  are  very  costly  as  they  have  long  durations  and  tend  to  need  large  numbers  of  patients.in  contrast  to  clinical  endpoints,  surrogate  endpoints  have  been  shown  to  cut  down  the  time  required  to  confirm  whether  a  drug  has  clinical  benefits.  imaging  biomarkers  a  characteristic  that  is  objectively  measured  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  imaging  technique,  which  is  used  as  an  indicator  of  pharmacological  response  to  a  therapy  and  surrogate  endpoints  have  shown  to  facilitate  the  use  of  small  group  sizes,  obtaining  quick  results  with  good  statistical  power.imaging  is  able  to  reveal  subtle  change  that  is  indicative  of  the  progression  of  therapy  that  may  be  missed  out  by  more  subjective,  traditional  approaches.  statistical  bias  is  reduced  as  the  findings  are  evaluated  without  any  direct  patient  contact.imaging  techniques  such  as  positron  emission  tomography  pet  and  magnetic  resonance  imaging  mri  are  routinely  used  in  oncology  and  neuroscience  areas,.  for  example,  measurement  of  tumour  shrinkage  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  commonly  used  surrogate  endpoint  in  solid  tumour  response  evaluation.  this  allows  for  faster  and  more  objective  assessment  of  the  effects  of  anticancer  drugs.  in  alzheimers  disease,  mri  scans  of  the  entire  brain  can  accurately  assess  the  rate  of  hippocampal  atrophy,  while  pet  scans  can  measure  the  brains  metabolic  activity  by  measuring  regional  glucose  metabolism,  and  betaamyloid  plaques  using  tracers  such  as  pittsburgh  compound  b  pib.  historically  less  use  has  been  made  of  quantitative  medical  imaging  in  other  areas  of  drug  development  although  interest  is  growing.an  imagingbased  trial  will  usually  be  made  up  of  three  components:a  realistic  imaging  protocol.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring protocol  is  an  outline  that  standardizes  as  far  as  practically  possible  the  way  in  which  the  images  are  acquired  using  the  various  modalities  pet,  spect,  ct,  mri.  it  covers  the  specifics  in  which  images  are  to  be  stored,  processed  and  evaluated.an  imaging  centre  that  is  responsible  for  collecting  the  images,  perform  quality  control  and  provide  tools  for  data  storage,  distribution  and  analysis.  it  is  important  for  images  acquired  at  different  time  points  are  displayed  in  a  standardised  format  to  maintain  the  reliability  of  the  evaluation.  certain  specialised  imaging  contract  research  organizations  provide  end  to  end  medical  imaging  services,  from  protocol
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring design  and  site  management  through  to  data  quality  assurance  and  image  analysis.clinical  sites  that  recruit  patients  to  generate  the  images  to  send  back  to  the  imaging  centre.  shielding  lead  is  the  main  material  used  for  radiographic  shielding  against  scattered  xrays.in  magnetic  resonance  imaging,  there  is  mri  rf  shielding  as  well  as  magnetic  shielding  to  prevent  external  disturbance  of  image  quality.  privacy  protection  medical  imaging  are  generally  covered  by  laws  of  medical  privacy.  for  example,  in  the  united  states  the  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  hipaa  sets  restrictions  for  health  care  providers  on  utilizing  protected  health  information,  which  is  any
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring individually  identifiable  information  relating  to  the  past,  present,  or  future  physical  or  mental  health  of  any  individual.  while  there  has  not  been  any  definitive  legal  decision  in  the  matter,  at  least  one  study  has  indicated  that  medical  imaging  may  contain  biometric  information  that  can  uniquely  identify  a  person,  and  so  may  qualify  as  phi.the  uk  general  medical  councils  ethical  guidelines  indicate  that  the  council  does  not  require  consent  prior  to  secondary  uses  of  xray  images.  industry  organizations  in  the  medical  imaging  industry  include  manufacturers  of  imaging  equipment,  freestanding  radiology  facilities,  and  hospitals.the  global  market  for  manufactured  devices  was  estimated  at
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 5  billion  in  2018.  notable  manufacturers  as  of  2012  included  fujifilm,  ge,  siemens  healthineers,  philips,  shimadzu,  toshiba,  carestream  health,  hitachi,  hologic,  and  esaote.  in  2016,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  characterized  as  oligopolistic  and  mature;  new  entrants  included  in  samsung  and  neusoft  medical.in  the  united  states,  as  estimate  as  of  2015  places  the  us  market  for  imaging  scans  at  about  100b,  with  60  occurring  in  hospitals  and  40  occurring  in  freestanding  clinics,  such  as  the  radnet  chain.  copyright  united  states  as  per  chapter  300  of  the  compendium  of  u.s.  copyright  office  practices,  the  office  will  not  register  works  produced  by  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring machine  or  mere  mechanical  process  that  operates  randomly  or  automatically  without  any  creative  input  or  intervention  from  a  human  author.  including  medical  imaging  produced  by  xrays,  ultrasounds,  magnetic  resonance  imaging,  or  other  diagnostic  equipment.  this  position  differs  from  the  broad  copyright  protections  afforded  to  photographs.  while  the  copyright  compendium  is  an  agency  statutory  interpretation  and  not  legally  binding,  courts  are  likely  to  give  deference  to  it  if  they  find  it  reasonable.  yet,  there  is  no  u.s.  federal  case  law  directly  addressing  the  issue  of  the  copyrightability  of  xray  images.  derivatives  an  extensive  definition  of  the  term  derivative  work  is  given
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  the  united  states  copyright  act  in  17  u.s.c.  101:a  derivative  work  is  a  work  based  upon  one  or  more  preexisting  works,  such  as  a  translation...  art  reproduction,  abridgment,  condensation,  or  any  other  form  in  which  a  work  may  be  recast,  transformed,  or  adapted.  a  work  consisting  of  editorial  revisions,  annotations,  elaborations,  or  other  modifications  which,  as  a  whole,  represent  an  original  work  of  authorship,  is  a  derivative  work.17  u.s.c.  103b  provides:the  copyright  in  a  compilation  or  derivative  work  extends  only  to  the  material  contributed  by  the  author  of  such  work,  as  distinguished  from  the  preexisting  material  employed  in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring work,  and  does  not  imply  any  exclusive  right  in  the  preexisting  material.  the  copyright  in  such  work  is  independent  of,  and  does  not  affect  or  enlarge  the  scope,  duration,  ownership,  or  subsistence  of,  any  copyright  protection  in  the  preexisting  material.  germany  in  germany,  xray  images  as  well  as  mrt,  ultrasound,  pet  and  scintigraphy  images  are  protected  by  copyrightlike  related  rights  or  neighbouring  rights.  this  protection  does  not  require  creativity  as  would  be  necessary  for  regular  copyright  protection  and  lasts  only  for  50  years  after  image  creation,  if  not  published  within  50  years,  or  for  50  years  after  the  first  legitimate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring publication.  the  letter  of  the  law  grants  this  right  to  the  lichtbildner,  i.e.  the  person  who  created  the  image.  the  literature  seems  to  uniformly  consider  the  medical  doctor,  dentist  or  veterinary  physician  as  the  rights  holder,  which  may  result  from  the  circumstance  that  in  germany  many  xrays  are  performed  in  ambulatory  setting  united  kingdom  medical  images  created  in  the  united  kingdom  will  normally  be  protected  by  copyright  due  to  the  high  level  of  skill,  labour  and  judgement  required  to  produce  a  good  quality  xray,  particularly  to  show  contrast  between  bones  and  various  soft  tissues.  the  society  of  radiographers  believe  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring copyright  is  owned  by  employer  unless  the  radiographer  is  selfemployedthough  even  then  their  contract  might  require  them  to  transfer  ownership  to  the  hospital.  this  copyright  owner  can  grant  certain  permissions  to  whoever  they  wish,  without  giving  up  their  ownership  of  the  copyright.  so  the  hospital  and  its  employees  will  be  given  permission  to  use  such  radiographic  images  for  the  various  purposes  that  they  require  for  medical  care.  physicians  employed  at  the  hospital  will,  in  their  contracts,  be  given  the  right  to  publish  patient  information  in  journal  papers  or  books  they  write  providing  they  are  made  anonymous.  patients  may  also  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring granted  permission  to  do  what  they  like  with  their  own  images.  sweden  the  cyber  law  in  sweden  states:  pictures  can  be  protected  as  photographic  works  or  as  photographic  pictures.  the  former  requires  a  higher  level  of  originality;  the  latter  protects  all  types  of  photographs,  also  the  ones  taken  by  amateurs,  or  within  medicine  or  science.  the  protection  requires  some  sort  of  photographic  technique  being  used,  which  includes  digital  cameras  as  well  as  holograms  created  by  laser  technique.  the  difference  between  the  two  types  of  work  is  the  term  of  protection,  which  amounts  to  seventy  years  after  the  death  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring author  of  a  photographic  work  as  opposed  to  fifty  years,  from  the  year  in  which  the  photographic  picture  was  taken.medical  imaging  may  possibly  be  included  in  the  scope  of  photography,  similarly  to  a  u.s.  statement  that  mri  images,  ct  scans,  and  the  like  are  analogous  to  photography.  see  also  medical  image  sharing  notes  references  further  reading  external  links  medical  imaging  at  curlieiprg  open  group  related  to  image  processing  research  resources
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  physician,  medical  practitioner,  medical  doctor,  or  simply  doctor,  is  a  professional  who  practises  medicine,  which  is  concerned  with  promoting,  maintaining,  or  restoring  health  through  the  study,  diagnosis,  prognosis  and  treatment  of  disease,  injury,  and  other  physical  and  mental  impairments.  physicians  may  focus  their  practice  on  certain  disease  categories,  types  of  patients,  and  methods  of  treatmentknown  as  specialitiesor  they  may  assume  responsibility  for  the  provision  of  continuing  and  comprehensive  medical  care  to  individuals,  families,  and  communitiesknown  as  general  practice.  medical  practice  properly  requires  both  a  detailed  knowledge  of  the  academic  disciplines,  such  as  anatomy  and  physiology,  underlying  diseases  and  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring treatmentthe  science  of  medicineand  also  a  decent  competence  in  its  applied  practicethe  art  or  craft  of  medicine.both  the  role  of  the  physician  and  the  meaning  of  the  word  itself  vary  around  the  world.  degrees  and  other  qualifications  vary  widely,  but  there  are  some  common  elements,  such  as  medical  ethics  requiring  that  physicians  show  consideration,  compassion,  and  benevolence  for  their  patients.  modern  meanings  specialist  in  internal  medicine  around  the  world  the  term  physician  refers  to  a  specialist  in  internal  medicine  or  one  of  its  many  subspecialties  especially  as  opposed  to  a  specialist  in  surgery.  this  meaning  of  physician  conveys  a  sense
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  expertise  in  treatment  by  drugs  or  medications,  rather  than  by  the  procedures  of  surgeons.this  term  is  at  least  nine  hundred  years  old  in  english:  physicians  and  surgeons  were  once  members  of  separate  professions,  and  traditionally  were  rivals.  the  shorter  oxford  english  dictionary,  third  edition,  gives  a  middle  english  quotation  making  this  contrast,  from  as  early  as  1400:  o  lord,  whi  is  it  so  greet  difference  betwixe  a  cirugian  and  a  physician.henry  viii  granted  a  charter  to  the  london  royal  college  of  physicians  in  1518.  it  was  not  until  1540  that  he  granted  the  company  of  barbersurgeons  ancestor  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring royal  college  of  surgeons  its  separate  charter.  in  the  same  year,  the  english  monarch  established  the  regius  professorship  of  physic  at  the  university  of  cambridge.  newer  universities  would  probably  describe  such  an  academic  as  a  professor  of  internal  medicine.  hence,  in  the  16th  century,  physic  meant  roughly  what  internal  medicine  does  now.currently,  a  specialist  physician  in  the  united  states  may  be  described  as  an  internist.  another  term,  hospitalist,  was  introduced  in  1996,  to  describe  us  specialists  in  internal  medicine  who  work  largely  or  exclusively  in  hospitals.  such  hospitalists  now  make  up  about  19  of  all  us  general  internists,  who  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring often  called  general  physicians  in  commonwealth  countries.this  original  use,  as  distinct  from  surgeon,  is  common  in  most  of  the  world  including  the  united  kingdom  and  other  commonwealth  countries  such  as  australia,  bangladesh,  india,  new  zealand,  pakistan,  south  africa,  sri  lanka,  and  zimbabwe,  as  well  as  in  places  as  diverse  as  brazil,  hong  kong,  indonesia,  japan,  ireland,  and  taiwan.  in  such  places,  the  more  general  english  terms  doctor  or  medical  practitioner  are  prevalent,  describing  any  practitioner  of  medicine  whom  an  american  would  likely  call  a  physician,  in  the  broad  sense.  in  commonwealth  countries,  specialist  pediatricians  and  geriatricians  are  also  described  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring specialist  physicians  who  have  subspecialized  by  age  of  patient  rather  than  by  organ  system.  physician  and  surgeon  around  the  world,  the  combined  term  physician  and  surgeon  is  used  to  describe  either  a  general  practitioner  or  any  medical  practitioner  irrespective  of  specialty.  this  usage  still  shows  the  original  meaning  of  physician  and  preserves  the  old  difference  between  a  physician,  as  a  practitioner  of  physic,  and  a  surgeon.  the  term  may  be  used  by  state  medical  boards  in  the  united  states,  and  by  equivalent  bodies  in  provinces  of  canada,  to  describe  any  medical  practitioner.  north  america  in  modern  english,  the  term  physician
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  used  in  two  main  ways,  with  relatively  broad  and  narrow  meanings  respectively.  this  is  the  result  of  history  and  is  often  confusing.  these  meanings  and  variations  are  explained  below.in  the  united  states  and  canada,  the  term  physician  describes  all  medical  practitioners  holding  a  professional  medical  degree.  the  american  medical  association,  established  in  1847,  as  well  as  the  american  osteopathic  association,  founded  in  1897,  both  currently  use  the  term  physician  to  describe  members.  however,  the  american  college  of  physicians,  established  in  1915,  does  not:  its  title  uses  physician  in  its  original  sense.  american  physicians  the  vast  majority  of  physicians  trained
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  the  united  states  have  a  doctor  of  medicine  degree,  and  use  the  initials  m.d.  a  smaller  number  attend  osteopathic  schools  and  have  a  doctor  of  osteopathic  medicine  degree  and  use  the  initials  d.o.  after  completion  of  medical  school,  physicians  complete  a  residency  in  the  specialty  in  which  they  will  practice.  subspecialties  require  the  completion  of  a  fellowship  after  residency.all  boards  of  certification  now  require  that  physicians  demonstrate,  by  examination,  continuing  mastery  of  the  core  knowledge  and  skills  for  a  chosen  specialty.  recertification  varies  by  particular  specialty  between  every  seven  and  every  ten  years.  podiatric  physicians  also  in  the  united
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring states,  the  american  podiatric  medical  association  apma  defines  podiatrists  as  physicians  and  surgeons  that  fall  under  the  department  of  surgery  in  hospitals.  they  undergo  training  with  the  doctor  of  podiatric  medicine  dpm  degree.  this  degree  is  also  available  at  one  canadian  university,  namely  the  universit  du  qubec  troisrivires.  students  are  typically  required  to  complete  an  internship  in  new  york  prior  to  the  obtention  of  their  professional  degree.  shortage  many  countries  in  the  developing  world  have  the  problem  of  too  few  physicians.  in  2015,  the  association  of  american  medical  colleges  warned  that  the  us  will  face  a  doctor  shortage  of  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring many  as  90,000  by  2025.  social  role  and  world  view  biomedicine  within  western  culture  and  over  recent  centuries,  medicine  has  become  increasingly  based  on  scientific  reductionism  and  materialism.  this  style  of  medicine  is  now  dominant  throughout  the  industrialized  world,  and  is  often  termed  biomedicine  by  medical  anthropologists.  biomedicine  formulates  the  human  body  and  disease  in  a  culturally  distinctive  pattern,  and  is  a  world  view  learnt  by  medical  students.  within  this  tradition,  the  medical  model  is  a  term  for  the  complete  set  of  procedures  in  which  all  doctors  are  trained,  including  mental  attitudes.  a  particularly  clear  expression  of  this  world  view,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring currently  dominant  among  conventional  physicians,  is  evidencebased  medicine.  within  conventional  medicine,  most  physicians  still  pay  heed  to  their  ancient  traditions:  the  critical  sense  and  sceptical  attitude  of  the  citation  of  medicine  from  the  shackles  of  priestcraft  and  of  caste;  secondly,  the  conception  of  medicine  as  an  art  based  on  accurate  observation,  and  as  a  science,  an  integral  part  of  the  science  of  man  and  of  nature;  thirdly,  the  high  moral  ideals,  expressed  in  that  most  memorable  of  human  documents  gomperz,  the  hippocratic  oath;  and  fourthly,  the  conception  and  realization  of  medicine  as  the  profession  of  a  cultivated  gentleman.  sir  william
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring osler,  chauvanism  in  medicine  1902in  this  western  tradition,  physicians  are  considered  to  be  members  of  a  learned  profession,  and  enjoy  high  social  status,  often  combined  with  expectations  of  a  high  and  stable  income  and  job  security.  however,  medical  practitioners  often  work  long  and  inflexible  hours,  with  shifts  at  unsociable  times.  their  high  status  is  partly  from  their  extensive  training  requirements,  and  also  because  of  their  occupations  special  ethical  and  legal  duties.  the  term  traditionally  used  by  physicians  to  describe  a  person  seeking  their  help  is  the  word  patient  although  one  who  visits  a  physician  for  a  routine  checkup  may  also
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  so  described.  this  word  patient  is  an  ancient  reminder  of  medical  duty,  as  it  originally  meant  one  who  suffers.  the  english  noun  comes  from  the  latin  word  patiens,  the  present  participle  of  the  deponent  verb,  patior,  meaning  i  am  suffering,  and  akin  to  the  greek  verb  romanized:  paschein,  lit.  to  suffer  and  its  cognate  noun  pathos,  suffering.physicians  in  the  original,  narrow  sense  specialist  physicians  or  internists,  see  above  are  commonly  members  or  fellows  of  professional  organizations,  such  as  the  american  college  of  physicians  or  the  royal  college  of  physicians  in  the  united  kingdom,  and  such  hardwon  membership  is  itself
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  mark  of  status.  alternative  medicine  while  contemporary  biomedicine  has  distanced  itself  from  its  ancient  roots  in  religion  and  magic,  many  forms  of  traditional  medicine  and  alternative  medicine  continue  to  espouse  vitalism  in  various  guises:  as  long  as  life  had  its  own  secret  properties,  it  was  possible  to  have  sciences  and  medicines  based  on  those  properties.  the  us  national  center  for  complementary  and  alternative  medicine  nccam  classifies  complementary  and  alternative  medicine  therapies  into  five  categories  or  domains,  including:  alternative  medical  systems,  or  complete  systems  of  therapy  and  practice;  mindbody  interventions,  or  techniques  designed  to  facilitate  the  minds  effect  on  bodily
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring functions  and  symptoms;  biologically  based  systems  including  herbalism;  and  manipulative  and  bodybased  methods  such  as  chiropractic  and  massage  therapy.in  considering  these  alternate  traditions  that  differ  from  biomedicine  see  above,  medical  anthropologists  emphasize  that  all  ways  of  thinking  about  health  and  disease  have  a  significant  cultural  content,  including  conventional  western  medicine.ayurveda,  unani  medicine,  and  homeopathy  are  popular  types  of  alternative  medicine.  they  are  included  in  national  systems  of  medicine  in  countries  such  as  india.  in  general,  the  practitioners  of  this  medicine  in  these  countries  are  referred  to  as  vaidya,  hakim  and  homeopathic  doctor/homeopath/homeopathic  physician,  respectively.  physicians  own  health  some  commentators  have
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring argued  that  physicians  have  duties  to  serve  as  role  models  for  the  general  public  in  matters  of  health,  for  example  by  not  smoking  cigarettes.  indeed,  in  most  western  nations  relatively  few  physicians  smoke,  and  their  professional  knowledge  does  appear  to  have  a  beneficial  effect  on  their  health  and  lifestyle.  according  to  a  study  of  male  physicians,  life  expectancy  is  slightly  higher  for  physicians  73  years  for  white  and  69  years  for  black  than  lawyers  or  many  other  highly  educated  professionals.  causes  of  death  which  are  less  likely  to  occur  in  physicians  than  the  general  population  include  respiratory  disease  including  pneumonia,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pneumoconioses,  copd,  but  excluding  emphysema  and  other  chronic  airway  obstruction,  alcoholrelated  deaths,  rectosigmoid  and  anal  cancers,  and  bacterial  diseases.physicians  do  experience  exposure  to  occupational  hazards,  and  there  is  a  wellknown  aphorism  that  doctors  make  the  worst  patients.  causes  of  death  that  are  shown  to  be  higher  in  the  physician  population  include  suicide  among  doctors  and  selfinflicted  injury,  drugrelated  causes,  traffic  accidents,  and  cerebrovascular  and  ischaemic  heart  disease.  education  and  training  medical  education  and  career  pathways  for  doctors  vary  considerably  across  the  world.  all  medical  practitioners  in  all  developed  countries,  entrylevel  medical  education  programs  are  tertiarylevel  courses,  undertaken  at  a  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring school  attached  to  a  university.  depending  on  jurisdiction  and  university,  entry  may  follow  directly  from  secondary  school  or  require  prerequisite  undergraduate  education.  the  former  commonly  takes  five  or  six  years  to  complete.  programs  that  require  previous  undergraduate  education  typically  a  three  or  fouryear  degree,  often  in  science  are  usually  four  or  five  years  in  length.  hence,  gaining  a  basic  medical  degree  may  typically  take  from  five  to  eight  years,  depending  on  jurisdiction  and  university.following  completion  of  entrylevel  training,  newly  graduated  medical  practitioners  are  often  required  to  undertake  a  period  of  supervised  practice  before  full  registration  is  granted,  typically  one  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring two  years.  this  may  be  referred  to  as  an  internship,  as  the  foundation  years  in  the  uk,  or  as  conditional  registration.  some  jurisdictions,  including  the  united  states,  require  residencies  for  practice.medical  practitioners  hold  a  medical  degree  specific  to  the  university  from  which  they  graduated.  this  degree  qualifies  the  medical  practitioner  to  become  licensed  or  registered  under  the  laws  of  that  particular  country,  and  sometimes  of  several  countries,  subject  to  requirements  for  internship  or  conditional  registration.  specialists  in  internal  medicine  specialty  training  is  begun  immediately  following  completion  of  entrylevel  training,  or  even  before.  in  other  jurisdictions,  junior  medical  doctors  must  undertake
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring generalist  unstreamed  training  for  one  or  more  years  before  commencing  specialization.  hence,  depending  on  jurisdiction,  a  specialist  physician  internist  often  does  not  achieve  recognition  as  a  specialist  until  twelve  or  more  years  after  commencing  basic  medical  trainingfive  to  eight  years  at  university  to  obtain  a  basic  medical  qualification,  and  up  to  another  nine  years  to  become  a  specialist.  regulation  in  most  jurisdictions,  physicians  in  either  sense  of  the  word  need  government  permission  to  practice.  such  permission  is  intended  to  promote  public  safety,  and  often  to  protect  the  government  spending,  as  medical  care  is  commonly  subsidized  by  national  governments.in  some  jurisdictions
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring such  as  in  singapore,  it  is  common  for  physicians  to  inflate  their  qualifications  with  the  title  dr  in  correspondence  or  namecards,  even  if  their  qualifications  are  limited  to  a  basic  e.g.,  bachelor  level  degree.  in  other  countries  such  as  germany,  only  physicians  holding  an  academic  doctorate  may  call  themselves  doctor  on  the  other  hand,  the  european  research  council  has  decided  that  the  german  medical  doctorate  does  not  meet  the  international  standards  of  a  phd  research  degree.  all  medical  practitioners  among  the  englishspeaking  countries,  this  process  is  known  either  as  licensure  as  in  the  united  states,  or  as  registration  in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring united  kingdom,  other  commonwealth  countries,  and  ireland.  synonyms  in  use  elsewhere  include  colegiacin  in  spain,  ishi  menkyo  in  japan,  autorisasjon  in  norway,  approbation  in  germany,  and  in  greece.  in  france,  italy  and  portugal,  civilian  physicians  must  be  members  of  the  order  of  physicians  to  practice  medicine.in  some  countries,  including  the  united  kingdom  and  ireland,  the  profession  largely  regulates  itself,  with  the  government  affirming  the  regulating  bodys  authority.  the  best  known  example  of  this  is  probably  the  general  medical  council  of  britain.  in  all  countries,  the  regulating  authorities  will  revoke  permission  to  practice  in  cases  of  malpractice  or  serious  misconduct.in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring large  englishspeaking  federations  united  states,  canada,  australia,  the  licensing  or  registration  of  medical  practitioners  is  done  at  a  state  or  provincial  level,  or  nationally  as  in  new  zealand.  australian  states  usually  have  a  medical  board,  which  has  now  been  replaced  by  the  australian  health  practitioner  regulatory  authority  ahpra  in  most  states,  while  canadian  provinces  usually  have  a  college  of  physicians  and  surgeons.  all  american  states  have  an  agency  that  is  usually  called  the  medical  board,  although  there  are  alternate  names  such  as  board  of  medicine,  board  of  medical  examiners,  board  of  medical  licensure,  board  of  healing  arts  or  some  other
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring variation.  after  graduating  from  a  firstprofessional  school,  physicians  who  wish  to  practice  in  the  us  usually  take  standardized  exams,  such  as  the  usmle  for  a  doctor  in  medicine.  specialists  in  internal  medicine  most  countries  have  some  method  of  officially  recognizing  specialist  qualifications  in  all  branches  of  medicine,  including  internal  medicine.  sometimes,  this  aims  to  promote  public  safety  by  restricting  the  use  of  hazardous  treatments.  other  reasons  for  regulating  specialists  may  include  standardization  of  recognition  for  hospital  employment  and  restriction  on  which  practitioners  are  entitled  to  receive  higher  insurance  payments  for  specialist  services.  performance  and  professionalism  supervision  the  issue  of  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring errors,  drug  abuse,  and  other  issues  in  physician  professional  behavior  received  significant  attention  across  the  world,  in  particular  following  a  critical  2000  report  which  arguably  launched  the  patientsafety  movement.  in  the  us,  as  of  2006  there  were  few  organizations  that  systematically  monitored  performance.  in  the  us,  only  the  department  of  veterans  affairs  randomly  drug  tests  physicians,  in  contrast  to  drug  testing  practices  for  other  professions  that  have  a  major  impact  on  public  welfare.  licensing  boards  at  the  us  state  level  depend  upon  continuing  education  to  maintain  competence.  through  the  utilization  of  the  national  practitioner  data  bank,  federation  of  state  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring boards  disciplinary  report,  and  american  medical  association  physician  profile  service,  the  67  state  medical  boards  continually  selfreport  any  adverse/disciplinary  actions  taken  against  a  licensed  physician  in  order  that  the  other  medical  boards  in  which  the  physician  holds  or  is  applying  for  a  medical  license  will  be  properly  notified  so  that  corrective,  reciprocal  action  can  be  taken  against  the  offending  physician.  in  europe,  as  of  2009  the  health  systems  are  governed  according  to  various  national  laws,  and  can  also  vary  according  to  regional  differences  similar  to  the  united  states.  see  also  references  external  links  media  related  to  physicians  at  wikimedia  commons
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  health  system,  also  sometimes  referred  to  as  health  care  system  or  as  healthcare  system,  is  the  organization  of  people,  institutions,  and  resources  that  deliver  health  care  services  to  meet  the  health  needs  of  target  populations.there  is  a  wide  variety  of  health  systems  around  the  world,  with  as  many  histories  and  organizational  structures  as  there  are  nations.  implicitly,  nations  must  design  and  develop  health  systems  in  accordance  with  their  needs  and  resources,  although  common  elements  in  virtually  all  health  systems  are  primary  healthcare  and  public  health  measures.  in  some  countries,  health  system  planning  is  distributed  among  market  participants.  in  others,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring there  is  a  concerted  effort  among  governments,  trade  unions,  charities,  religious  organizations,  or  other  coordinated  bodies  to  deliver  planned  health  care  services  targeted  to  the  populations  they  serve.  however,  health  care  planning  has  been  described  as  often  evolutionary  rather  than  revolutionary.  goals  the  world  health  organization  who,  the  directing  and  coordinating  authority  for  health  within  the  united  nations  system,  is  promoting  a  goal  of  universal  health  care:  to  ensure  that  all  people  obtain  the  health  services  they  need  without  suffering  financial  hardship  when  paying  for  them.  according  to  who,  healthcare  systems  goals  are  good  health  for  the  citizens,  responsiveness  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  expectations  of  the  population,  and  fair  means  of  funding  operations.  progress  towards  them  depends  on  how  systems  carry  out  four  vital  functions:  provision  of  health  care  services,  resource  generation,  financing,  and  stewardship.  other  dimensions  for  the  evaluation  of  health  systems  include  quality,  efficiency,  acceptability,  and  equity.  they  have  also  been  described  in  the  united  states  as  the  five  cs:  cost,  coverage,  consistency,  complexity,  and  chronic  illness.  also,  continuity  of  health  care  is  a  major  goal.  definitions  often  health  system  has  been  defined  with  a  reductionist  perspective,  for  example  reducing  it  to  healthcare  system.  in  many  publications,  for  example,  both
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring expressions  are  used  interchangeably.  some  authors  have  developed  arguments  to  expand  the  concept  of  health  systems,  indicating  additional  dimensions  that  should  be  considered:health  systems  should  not  be  expressed  in  terms  of  their  components  only,  but  also  of  their  interrelationships;health  systems  should  include  not  only  the  institutional  or  supply  side  of  the  health  system,  but  also  the  population;health  systems  must  be  seen  in  terms  of  their  goals,  which  include  not  only  health  improvement,  but  also  equity,  responsiveness  to  legitimate  expectations,  respect  of  dignity,  and  fair  financing,  among  others;health  systems  must  also  be  defined  in  terms  of  their  functions,  including  the  direct
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring provision  of  services,  whether  they  are  medical  or  public  health  services,  but  also  other  enabling  functions,  such  as  stewardship,  financing,  and  resource  generation,  including  what  is  probably  the  most  complex  of  all  challenges,  the  health  workforce.  world  health  organization  definition  the  world  health  organization  defines  health  systems  as  follows:a  health  system  consists  of  all  organizations,  people  and  actions  whose  primary  intent  is  to  promote,  restore  or  maintain  health.  this  includes  efforts  to  influence  determinants  of  health  as  well  as  more  direct  healthimproving  activities.  a  health  system  is  therefore  more  than  the  pyramid  of  publicly  owned  facilities  that  deliver  personal  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring services.  it  includes,  for  example,  a  mother  caring  for  a  sick  child  at  home;  private  providers;  behaviour  change  programmes;  vectorcontrol  campaigns;  health  insurance  organizations;  occupational  health  and  safety  legislation.  it  includes  intersectoral  action  by  health  staff,  for  example,  encouraging  the  ministry  of  education  to  promote  female  education,  a  well  known  determinant  of  better  health.  providers  healthcare  providers  are  institutions  or  individuals  providing  healthcare  services.  individuals  including  health  professionals  and  allied  health  professions  can  be  selfemployed  or  working  as  an  employee  in  a  hospital,  clinic,  or  other  health  care  institution,  whether  government  operated,  private  forprofit,  or  private  notforprofit  e.g.  nongovernmental  organization.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring they  may  also  work  outside  of  direct  patient  care  such  as  in  a  government  health  department  or  other  agency,  medical  laboratory,  or  health  training  institution.  examples  of  health  workers  are  doctors,  nurses,  midwives,  dietitians,  paramedics,  dentists,  medical  laboratory  technologists,  therapists,  psychologists,  pharmacists,  chiropractors,  optometrists,  community  health  workers,  traditional  medicine  practitioners,  and  others.  financial  resources  there  are  generally  five  primary  methods  of  funding  health  systems:general  taxation  to  the  state,  county  or  municipalitynational  health  insurancevoluntary  or  private  health  insuranceoutofpocket  paymentsdonations  to  charitiesmost  countries  systems  feature  a  mix  of  all  five  models.  one  study  based  on  data  from  the  oecd  concluded  that  all
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring types  of  health  care  finance  are  compatible  with  an  efficient  health  system.  the  study  also  found  no  relationship  between  financing  and  cost  control.the  term  health  insurance  is  generally  used  to  describe  a  form  of  insurance  that  pays  for  medical  expenses.  it  is  sometimes  used  more  broadly  to  include  insurance  covering  disability  or  longterm  nursing  or  custodial  care  needs.  it  may  be  provided  through  a  social  insurance  program,  or  from  private  insurance  companies.  it  may  be  obtained  on  a  group  basis  e.g.,  by  a  firm  to  cover  its  employees  or  purchased  by  individual  consumers.  in  each  case  premiums  or  taxes  protect
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  insured  from  high  or  unexpected  health  care  expenses.by  estimating  the  overall  cost  of  health  care  expenses,  a  routine  finance  structure  such  as  a  monthly  premium  or  annual  tax  can  be  developed,  ensuring  that  money  is  available  to  pay  for  the  health  care  benefits  specified  in  the  insurance  agreement.  the  benefit  is  typically  administered  by  a  government  agency,  a  nonprofit  health  fund  or  a  corporation  operating  seeking  to  make  a  profit.many  forms  of  commercial  health  insurance  control  their  costs  by  restricting  the  benefits  that  are  paid  by  through  deductibles,  copayments,  coinsurance,  policy  exclusions,  and  total  coverage  limits  and  will  severely
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring restrict  or  refuse  coverage  of  preexisting  conditions.  many  government  schemes  also  have  copayment  schemes  but  exclusions  are  rare  because  of  political  pressure.  the  larger  insurance  schemes  may  also  negotiate  fees  with  providers.many  forms  of  social  insurance  schemes  control  their  costs  by  using  the  bargaining  power  of  their  community  they  represent  to  control  costs  in  the  health  care  delivery  system.  for  example,  by  negotiating  drug  prices  directly  with  pharmaceutical  companies  negotiating  standard  fees  with  the  medical  profession,  or  reducing  unnecessary  health  care  costs.  social  schemes  sometimes  feature  contributions  related  to  earnings  as  part  of  a  scheme  to  deliver  universal  health  care,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring which  may  or  may  not  also  involve  the  use  of  commercial  and  noncommercial  insurers.  essentially  the  more  wealthy  pay  proportionately  more  into  the  scheme  to  cover  the  needs  of  the  relatively  poor  who  therefore  contribute  proportionately  less.  there  are  usually  caps  on  the  contributions  of  the  wealthy  and  minimum  payments  that  must  be  made  by  the  insured  often  in  the  form  of  a  minimum  contribution,  similar  to  a  deductible  in  commercial  insurance  models.in  addition  to  these  traditional  health  care  financing  methods,  some  lower  income  countries  and  development  partners  are  also  implementing  nontraditional  or  innovative  financing  mechanisms  for  scaling  up  delivery
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  sustainability  of  health  care,  such  as  microcontributions,  publicprivate  partnerships,  and  marketbased  financial  transaction  taxes.  for  example,  as  of  june  2011,  unitaid  had  collected  more  than  one  billion  dollars  from  29  member  countries,  including  several  from  africa,  through  an  air  ticket  solidarity  levy  to  expand  access  to  care  and  treatment  for  hiv/aids,  tuberculosis  and  malaria  in  94  countries.  payment  models  in  most  countries,  wage  costs  for  healthcare  practitioners  are  estimated  to  represent  between  65  and  80  of  renewable  health  system  expenditures.  there  are  three  ways  to  pay  medical  practitioners:  fee  for  service,  capitation,  and  salary.  there  has  been  growing  interest
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  blending  elements  of  these  systems.  feeforservice  feeforservice  arrangements  pay  general  practitioners  gps  based  on  the  service.  they  are  even  morewidely  used  for  specialists  working  in  ambulatory  care.there  are  two  ways  to  set  fee  levels:by  individual  practitioners.central  negotiations  as  in  japan,  germany,  canada  and  in  france  or  hybrid  model  such  as  in  australia,  frances  sector  2,  and  new  zealand  where  gps  can  charge  extra  fees  on  top  of  standardized  patient  reimbursement  rates.  capitation  in  capitation  payment  systems,  gps  are  paid  for  each  patient  on  their  list,  usually  with  adjustments  for  factors  such  as  age  and  gender.  according  to  oecd,  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring systems  are  used  in  italy  with  some  fees,  in  all  four  countries  of  the  united  kingdom  with  some  fees  and  allowances  for  specific  services,  austria  with  fees  for  specific  services,  denmark  one  third  of  income  with  remainder  fee  for  service,  ireland  since  1989,  the  netherlands  feeforservice  for  privately  insured  patients  and  public  employees  and  sweden  from  1994.  capitation  payments  have  become  more  frequent  in  managed  care  environments  in  the  united  states.according  to  oecd,  capitation  systems  allow  funders  to  control  the  overall  level  of  primary  health  expenditures,  and  the  allocation  of  funding  among  gps  is  determined  by  patient  registrations.  however,  under
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  approach,  gps  may  register  too  many  patients  and  underserve  them,  select  the  better  risks  and  refer  on  patients  who  could  have  been  treated  by  the  gp  directly.  freedom  of  consumer  choice  over  doctors,  coupled  with  the  principle  of  money  following  the  patient  may  moderate  some  of  these  risks.  aside  from  selection,  these  problems  are  likely  to  be  less  marked  than  under  salarytype  arrangements.  salary  arrangements  in  several  oecd  countries,  general  practitioners  gps  are  employed  on  salaries  for  the  government.  according  to  oecd,  salary  arrangements  allow  funders  to  control  primary  care  costs  directly;  however,  they  may  lead  to  underprovision  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring services  to  ease  workloads,  excessive  referrals  to  secondary  providers  and  lack  of  attention  to  the  preferences  of  patients.  there  has  been  movement  away  from  this  system.  valuebased  care  in  recent  years,  providers  have  been  switching  from  feeforservice  payment  models  to  a  valuebased  care  payment  system,  where  they  are  compensated  for  providing  value  to  patients.  in  this  system,  providers  are  given  incentives  to  close  gaps  in  care  and  provide  better  quality  care  for  patients.  information  resources  sound  information  plays  an  increasingly  critical  role  in  the  delivery  of  modern  health  care  and  efficiency  of  health  systems.  health  informatics  the  intersection  of  information
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring science,  medicine  and  healthcare  deals  with  the  resources,  devices,  and  methods  required  to  optimize  the  acquisition  and  use  of  information  in  health  and  biomedicine.  necessary  tools  for  proper  health  information  coding  and  management  include  clinical  guidelines,  formal  medical  terminologies,  and  computers  and  other  information  and  communication  technologies.  the  kinds  of  health  data  processed  may  include  patients  medical  records,  hospital  administration  and  clinical  functions,  and  human  resources  information.the  use  of  health  information  lies  at  the  root  of  evidencebased  policy  and  evidencebased  management  in  health  care.  increasingly,  information  and  communication  technologies  are  being  utilised  to  improve  health  systems  in  developing  countries  through:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  standardisation  of  health  information;  computeraided  diagnosis  and  treatment  monitoring;  informing  population  groups  on  health  and  treatment.  management  the  management  of  any  health  system  is  typically  directed  through  a  set  of  policies  and  plans  adopted  by  government,  private  sector  business  and  other  groups  in  areas  such  as  personal  healthcare  delivery  and  financing,  pharmaceuticals,  health  human  resources,  and  public  health.public  health  is  concerned  with  threats  to  the  overall  health  of  a  community  based  on  population  health  analysis.  the  population  in  question  can  be  as  small  as  a  handful  of  people,  or  as  large  as  all  the  inhabitants  of  several  continents  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring instance,  in  the  case  of  a  pandemic.  public  health  is  typically  divided  into  epidemiology,  biostatistics  and  health  services.  environmental,  social,  behavioral,  and  occupational  health  are  also  important  subfields.today,  most  governments  recognize  the  importance  of  public  health  programs  in  reducing  the  incidence  of  disease,  disability,  the  effects  of  ageing  and  health  inequities,  although  public  health  generally  receives  significantly  less  government  funding  compared  with  medicine.  for  example,  most  countries  have  a  vaccination  policy,  supporting  public  health  programs  in  providing  vaccinations  to  promote  health.  vaccinations  are  voluntary  in  some  countries  and  mandatory  in  some  countries.  some  governments  pay  all  or  part  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring costs  for  vaccines  in  a  national  vaccination  schedule.the  rapid  emergence  of  many  chronic  diseases,  which  require  costly  longterm  care  and  treatment,  is  making  many  health  managers  and  policy  makers  reexamine  their  healthcare  delivery  practices.  an  important  health  issue  facing  the  world  currently  is  hiv/aids.  another  major  public  health  concern  is  diabetes.  in  2006,  according  to  the  world  health  organization,  at  least  171  million  people  worldwide  suffered  from  diabetes.  its  incidence  is  increasing  rapidly,  and  it  is  estimated  that  by  the  year  2030,  this  number  will  double.  a  controversial  aspect  of  public  health  is  the  control  of  tobacco  smoking,  linked  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cancer  and  other  chronic  illnesses.antibiotic  resistance  is  another  major  concern,  leading  to  the  reemergence  of  diseases  such  as  tuberculosis.  the  world  health  organization,  for  its  world  health  day  2011  campaign,  is  calling  for  intensified  global  commitment  to  safeguard  antibiotics  and  other  antimicrobial  medicines  for  future  generations.  health  systems  performance  since  2000,  more  and  more  initiatives  have  been  taken  at  the  international  and  national  levels  in  order  to  strengthen  national  health  systems  as  the  core  components  of  the  global  health  system.  having  this  scope  in  mind,  it  is  essential  to  have  a  clear,  and  unrestricted,  vision  of  national  health  systems  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring might  generate  further  progresses  in  global  health.  the  elaboration  and  the  selection  of  performance  indicators  are  indeed  both  highly  dependent  on  the  conceptual  framework  adopted  for  the  evaluation  of  the  health  systems  performances.  like  most  social  systems,  health  systems  are  complex  adaptive  systems  where  change  does  not  necessarily  follow  rigid  management  models.  in  complex  systems  path  dependency,  emergent  properties  and  other  nonlinear  patterns  are  seen,  which  can  lead  to  the  development  of  inappropriate  guidelines  for  developing  responsive  health  systems.an  increasing  number  of  tools  and  guidelines  are  being  published  by  international  agencies  and  development  partners  to  assist  health  system  decisionmakers  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitor  and  assess  health  systems  strengthening  including  human  resources  development  using  standard  definitions,  indicators  and  measures.  in  response  to  a  series  of  papers  published  in  2012  by  members  of  the  world  health  organizations  task  force  on  developing  health  systems  guidance,  researchers  from  the  future  health  systems  consortium  argue  that  there  is  insufficient  focus  on  the  policy  implementation  gap.  recognizing  the  diversity  of  stakeholders  and  complexity  of  health  systems  is  crucial  to  ensure  that  evidencebased  guidelines  are  tested  with  requisite  humility  and  without  a  rigid  adherence  to  models  dominated  by  a  limited  number  of  disciplines.  healthcare  services  often  implement  quality  improvement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring initiatives  to  overcome  this  policy  implementation  gap.  although  many  deliver  improved  healthcare  a  large  proportion  fail  to  sustain.  numerous  tools  and  frameworks  have  been  created  to  respond  to  this  challenge  and  increase  improvement  longevity.  one  tool  highlighted  the  need  for  these  tools  to  respond  to  user  preferences  and  settings  to  optimize  impact.health  policy  and  systems  research  hpsr  is  an  emerging  multidisciplinary  field  that  challenges  disciplinary  capture  by  dominant  health  research  traditions,  arguing  that  these  traditions  generate  premature  and  inappropriately  narrow  definitions  that  impede  rather  than  enhance  health  systems  strengthening.  hpsr  focuses  on  low  and  middleincome  countries  and  draws  on  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring relativist  social  science  paradigm  which  recognises  that  all  phenomena  are  constructed  through  human  behaviour  and  interpretation.  in  using  this  approach,  hpsr  offers  insight  into  health  systems  by  generating  a  complex  understanding  of  context  in  order  to  enhance  health  policy  learning.  hpsr  calls  for  greater  involvement  of  local  actors,  including  policy  makers,  civil  society  and  researchers,  in  decisions  that  are  made  around  funding  health  policy  research  and  health  systems  strengthening.  international  comparisons  health  systems  can  vary  substantially  from  country  to  country,  and  in  the  last  few  years,  comparisons  have  been  made  on  an  international  basis.  the  world  health  organization,  in  its
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world  health  report  2000,  provided  a  ranking  of  health  systems  around  the  world  according  to  criteria  of  the  overall  level  and  distribution  of  health  in  the  populations,  and  the  responsiveness  and  fair  financing  of  health  care  services.  the  goals  for  health  systems,  according  to  the  whos  world  health  report  2000  health  systems:  improving  performance  who,  2000,  are  good  health,  responsiveness  to  the  expectations  of  the  population,  and  fair  financial  contribution.  there  have  been  several  debates  around  the  results  of  this  who  exercise,  and  especially  based  on  the  country  ranking  linked  to  it,  insofar  as  it  appeared  to  depend  mostly  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  choice  of  the  retained  indicators.direct  comparisons  of  health  statistics  across  nations  are  complex.  the  commonwealth  fund,  in  its  annual  survey,  mirror,  mirror  on  the  wall,  compares  the  performance  of  the  health  systems  in  australia,  new  zealand,  the  united  kingdom,  germany,  canada  and  the  united  states  its  2007  study  found  that,  although  the  united  states  system  is  the  most  expensive,  it  consistently  underperforms  compared  to  the  other  countries.  a  major  difference  between  the  united  states  and  the  other  countries  in  the  study  is  that  the  united  states  is  the  only  country  without  universal  health  care.  the  oecd  also  collects  comparative
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring statistics,  and  has  published  brief  country  profiles.  health  consumer  powerhouse  makes  comparisons  between  both  national  health  care  systems  in  the  euro  health  consumer  index  and  specific  areas  of  health  care  such  as  diabetes  or  hepatitis.physicians  and  hospital  beds  per  1000  inhabitants  vs  health  care  spending  in  2008  for  oecd  countries.  the  data  source  is  http://www.oecd.org.  see  also  references  further  reading
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  diagnosis  abbreviated  dx  or  ds  is  the  process  of  determining  which  disease  or  condition  explains  a  persons  symptoms  and  signs.  it  is  most  often  referred  to  as  diagnosis  with  the  medical  context  being  implicit.  the  information  required  for  diagnosis  is  typically  collected  from  a  history  and  physical  examination  of  the  person  seeking  medical  care.  often,  one  or  more  diagnostic  procedures,  such  as  medical  tests,  are  also  done  during  the  process.  sometimes  posthumous  diagnosis  is  considered  a  kind  of  medical  diagnosis.diagnosis  is  often  challenging,  because  many  signs  and  symptoms  are  nonspecific.  for  example,  redness  of  the  skin  erythema,  by  itself,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  a  sign  of  many  disorders  and  thus  does  not  tell  the  healthcare  professional  what  is  wrong.  thus  differential  diagnosis,  in  which  several  possible  explanations  are  compared  and  contrasted,  must  be  performed.  this  involves  the  correlation  of  various  pieces  of  information  followed  by  the  recognition  and  differentiation  of  patterns.  occasionally  the  process  is  made  easy  by  a  sign  or  symptom  or  a  group  of  several  that  is  pathognomonic.diagnosis  is  a  major  component  of  the  procedure  of  a  doctors  visit.  from  the  point  of  view  of  statistics,  the  diagnostic  procedure  involves  classification  tests.  history  the  first  recorded  examples  of  medical  diagnosis
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  found  in  the  writings  of  imhotep  26302611  bc  in  ancient  egypt  the  edwin  smith  papyrus.  a  babylonian  medical  textbook,  the  diagnostic  handbook  written  by  esagilkinapli  fl.10691046  bc,  introduced  the  use  of  empiricism,  logic  and  rationality  in  the  diagnosis  of  an  illness  or  disease.  traditional  chinese  medicine,  as  described  in  the  yellow  emperors  inner  canon  or  huangdi  neijing,  specified  four  diagnostic  methods:  inspection,  auscultationolfaction,  interrogation,  and  palpation.  hippocrates  was  known  to  make  diagnoses  by  tasting  his  patients  urine  and  smelling  their  sweat.  medical  uses  a  diagnosis,  in  the  sense  of  diagnostic  procedure,  can  be  regarded  as  an  attempt  at  classification
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  an  individuals  condition  into  separate  and  distinct  categories  that  allow  medical  decisions  about  treatment  and  prognosis  to  be  made.  subsequently,  a  diagnostic  opinion  is  often  described  in  terms  of  a  disease  or  other  condition,  but  in  the  case  of  a  wrong  diagnosis,  the  individuals  actual  disease  or  condition  is  not  the  same  as  the  individuals  diagnosis.a  diagnostic  procedure  may  be  performed  by  various  healthcare  professionals  such  as  a  physician,  physiotherapist,  dentist,  podiatrist,  optometrist,  nurse  practitioner,  healthcare  scientist  or  physician  assistant.  this  article  uses  diagnostician  as  any  of  these  person  categories.a  diagnostic  procedure  as  well  as  the  opinion  reached  thereby
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring does  not  necessarily  involve  elucidation  of  the  etiology  of  the  diseases  or  conditions  of  interest,  that  is,  what  caused  the  disease  or  condition.  such  elucidation  can  be  useful  to  optimize  treatment,  further  specify  the  prognosis  or  prevent  recurrence  of  the  disease  or  condition  in  the  future.the  initial  task  is  to  detect  a  medical  indication  to  perform  a  diagnostic  procedure.  indications  include:detection  of  any  deviation  from  what  is  known  to  be  normal,  such  as  can  be  described  in  terms  of,  for  example,  anatomy  the  structure  of  the  human  body,  physiology  how  the  body  works,  pathology  what  can  go  wrong  with  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring anatomy  and  physiology,  psychology  thought  and  behavior  and  human  homeostasis  regarding  mechanisms  to  keep  body  systems  in  balance.  knowledge  of  what  is  normal  and  measuring  of  the  patients  current  condition  against  those  norms  can  assist  in  determining  the  patients  particular  departure  from  homeostasis  and  the  degree  of  departure,  which  in  turn  can  assist  in  quantifying  the  indication  for  further  diagnostic  processing.a  complaint  expressed  by  a  patient.the  fact  that  a  patient  has  sought  a  diagnostician  can  itself  be  an  indication  to  perform  a  diagnostic  procedure.  for  example,  in  a  doctors  visit,  the  physician  may  already  start  performing  a  diagnostic  procedure  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring watching  the  gait  of  the  patient  from  the  waiting  room  to  the  doctors  office  even  before  she  or  he  has  started  to  present  any  complaints.even  during  an  already  ongoing  diagnostic  procedure,  there  can  be  an  indication  to  perform  another,  separate,  diagnostic  procedure  for  another,  potentially  concomitant,  disease  or  condition.  this  may  occur  as  a  result  of  an  incidental  finding  of  a  sign  unrelated  to  the  parameter  of  interest,  such  as  can  occur  in  comprehensive  tests  such  as  radiological  studies  like  magnetic  resonance  imaging  or  blood  test  panels  that  also  include  blood  tests  that  are  not  relevant  for  the  ongoing  diagnosis.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring procedure  general  components  which  are  present  in  a  diagnostic  procedure  in  most  of  the  various  available  methods  include:complementing  the  already  given  information  with  further  data  gathering,  which  may  include  questions  of  the  medical  history  potentially  from  other  people  close  to  the  patient  as  well,  physical  examination  and  various  diagnostic  tests.  a  diagnostic  test  is  any  kind  of  medical  test  performed  to  aid  in  the  diagnosis  or  detection  of  disease.  diagnostic  tests  can  also  be  used  to  provide  prognostic  information  on  people  with  established  disease.processing  of  the  answers,  findings  or  other  results.  consultations  with  other  providers  and  specialists  in  the  field
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring may  be  sought.there  are  a  number  of  methods  or  techniques  that  can  be  used  in  a  diagnostic  procedure,  including  performing  a  differential  diagnosis  or  following  medical  algorithms.  in  reality,  a  diagnostic  procedure  may  involve  components  of  multiple  methods.  differential  diagnosis  the  method  of  differential  diagnosis  is  based  on  finding  as  many  candidate  diseases  or  conditions  as  possible  that  can  possibly  cause  the  signs  or  symptoms,  followed  by  a  process  of  elimination  or  at  least  of  rendering  the  entries  more  or  less  probable  by  further  medical  tests  and  other  processing  until,  aiming  to  reach  the  point  where  only  one  candidate  disease
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  condition  remains  as  probable.  the  final  result  may  also  remain  a  list  of  possible  conditions,  ranked  in  order  of  probability  or  severity.the  resultant  diagnostic  opinion  by  this  method  can  be  regarded  more  or  less  as  a  diagnosis  of  exclusion.  even  if  it  does  not  result  in  a  single  probable  disease  or  condition,  it  can  at  least  rule  out  any  imminently  lifethreatening  conditions.unless  the  provider  is  certain  of  the  condition  present,  further  medical  tests,  such  as  medical  imaging,  are  performed  or  scheduled  in  part  to  confirm  or  disprove  the  diagnosis  but  also  to  document  the  patients  status  and  keep  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patients  medical  history  up  to  date.if  unexpected  findings  are  made  during  this  process,  the  initial  hypothesis  may  be  ruled  out  and  the  provider  must  then  consider  other  hypotheses.  pattern  recognition  in  a  pattern  recognition  method  the  provider  uses  experience  to  recognize  a  pattern  of  clinical  characteristics.  it  is  mainly  based  on  certain  symptoms  or  signs  being  associated  with  certain  diseases  or  conditions,  not  necessarily  involving  the  more  cognitive  processing  involved  in  a  differential  diagnosis.this  may  be  the  primary  method  used  in  cases  where  diseases  are  obvious,  or  the  providers  experience  may  enable  him  or  her  to  recognize  the  condition  quickly.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring theoretically,  a  certain  pattern  of  signs  or  symptoms  can  be  directly  associated  with  a  certain  therapy,  even  without  a  definite  decision  regarding  what  is  the  actual  disease,  but  such  a  compromise  carries  a  substantial  risk  of  missing  a  diagnosis  which  actually  has  a  different  therapy  so  it  may  be  limited  to  cases  where  no  diagnosis  can  be  made.  diagnostic  criteria  the  term  diagnostic  criteria  designates  the  specific  combination  of  signs,  symptoms,  and  test  results  that  the  clinician  uses  to  attempt  to  determine  the  correct  diagnosis.some  examples  of  diagnostic  criteria,  also  known  as  clinical  case  definitions,  are:amsterdam  criteria  for  hereditary  nonpolyposis
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring colorectal  cancermcdonald  criteria  for  multiple  sclerosisacr  criteria  for  systemic  lupus  erythematosuscentor  criteria  for  strep  throat  clinical  decision  support  system  clinical  decision  support  systems  are  interactive  computer  programs  designed  to  assist  health  professionals  with  decisionmaking  tasks.  the  clinician  interacts  with  the  software  utilizing  both  the  clinicians  knowledge  and  the  software  to  make  a  better  analysis  of  the  patients  data  than  either  human  or  software  could  make  on  their  own.  typically  the  system  makes  suggestions  for  the  clinician  to  look  through  and  the  clinician  picks  useful  information  and  removes  erroneous  suggestions.  other  diagnostic  procedure  methods  other  methods  that  can  be  used  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring performing  a  diagnostic  procedure  include:usage  of  medical  algorithmsan  exhaustive  method,  in  which  every  possible  question  is  asked  and  all  possible  data  is  collected.  this  is  often  referred  to  as  a  diagnostic  workup.use  of  a  sensory  pill  that  collects  and  transmits  physiological  information  after  being  swallowed.using  optical  coherence  tomography  to  produce  detailed  images  of  the  brain  or  other  soft  tissue,  through  a  window  made  of  zirconia  that  has  been  modified  to  be  transparent  and  implanted  in  the  skull.  adverse  effects  diagnosis  problems  are  the  dominant  cause  of  medical  malpractice  payments,  accounting  for  35  of  total  payments  in  a  study  of  25
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring years  of  data  and  350,000  claims.  overdiagnosis  overdiagnosis  is  the  diagnosis  of  disease  that  will  never  cause  symptoms  or  death  during  a  patients  lifetime.  it  is  a  problem  because  it  turns  people  into  patients  unnecessarily  and  because  it  can  lead  to  economic  waste  overutilization  and  treatments  that  may  cause  harm.  overdiagnosis  occurs  when  a  disease  is  diagnosed  correctly,  but  the  diagnosis  is  irrelevant.  a  correct  diagnosis  may  be  irrelevant  because  treatment  for  the  disease  is  not  available,  not  needed,  or  not  wanted.  errors  most  people  will  experience  at  least  one  diagnostic  error  in  their  lifetime,  according  to  a  2015  report
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  the  national  academies  of  sciences,  engineering,  and  medicine.causes  and  factors  of  error  in  diagnosis  are:the  manifestation  of  disease  are  not  sufficiently  noticeablea  disease  is  omitted  from  considerationtoo  much  significance  is  given  to  some  aspect  of  the  diagnosisthe  condition  is  a  rare  disease  with  symptoms  suggestive  of  many  other  conditionsthe  condition  has  a  rare  presentation  lag  time  when  making  a  medical  diagnosis,  a  lag  time  is  a  delay  in  time  until  a  step  towards  diagnosis  of  a  disease  or  condition  is  made.  types  of  lag  times  are  mainly:onsettomedical  encounter  lag  time,  the  time  from  onset  of  symptoms  until  visiting  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  care  providerencountertodiagnosis  lag  time,  the  time  from  first  medical  encounter  to  diagnosislag  time  due  to  delays  in  reading  xrays  have  been  cited  as  a  major  challenge  in  care  delivery.  the  department  of  health  and  human  services  has  reportedly  found  that  interpretation  of  xrays  is  rarely  available  to  emergency  room  physicians  prior  to  patient  discharge.  society  and  culture  etymology  the  plural  of  diagnosis  is  diagnoses.  the  verb  is  to  diagnose,  and  a  person  who  diagnoses  is  called  a  diagnostician.  the  word  diagnosis  is  derived  through  latin  from  the  greek  word  dignsis  from  diagignskein,  meaning  to  discern,  distinguish.medical  diagnosis  or  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring actual  process  of  making  a  diagnosis  is  a  cognitive  process.  a  clinician  uses  several  sources  of  data  and  puts  the  pieces  of  the  puzzle  together  to  make  a  diagnostic  impression.  the  initial  diagnostic  impression  can  be  a  broad  term  describing  a  category  of  diseases  instead  of  a  specific  disease  or  condition.  after  the  initial  diagnostic  impression,  the  clinician  obtains  follow  up  tests  and  procedures  to  get  more  data  to  support  or  reject  the  original  diagnosis  and  will  attempt  to  narrow  it  down  to  a  more  specific  level.  diagnostic  procedures  are  the  specific  tools  that  the  clinicians  use  to  narrow  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring diagnostic  possibilities.  social  context  diagnosis  can  take  many  forms.  it  might  be  a  matter  of  naming  the  disease,  lesion,  dysfunction  or  disability.  it  might  be  a  managementnaming  or  prognosisnaming  exercise.  it  may  indicate  either  degree  of  abnormality  on  a  continuum  or  kind  of  abnormality  in  a  classification.  its  influenced  by  nonmedical  factors  such  as  power,  ethics  and  financial  incentives  for  patient  or  doctor.  it  can  be  a  brief  summation  or  an  extensive  formulation,  even  taking  the  form  of  a  story  or  metaphor.  it  might  be  a  means  of  communication  such  as  a  computer  code  through  which  it  triggers  payment,  prescription,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring notification,  information  or  advice.  it  might  be  pathogenic  or  salutogenic.  its  generally  uncertain  and  provisional.once  a  diagnostic  opinion  has  been  reached,  the  provider  is  able  to  propose  a  management  plan,  which  will  include  treatment  as  well  as  plans  for  followup.  from  this  point  on,  in  addition  to  treating  the  patients  condition,  the  provider  can  educate  the  patient  about  the  etiology,  progression,  prognosis,  other  outcomes,  and  possible  treatments  of  her  or  his  ailments,  as  well  as  providing  advice  for  maintaining  health.a  treatment  plan  is  proposed  which  may  include  therapy  and  followup  consultations  and  tests  to  monitor  the  condition  and  the  progress
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  treatment,  if  needed,  usually  according  to  the  medical  guidelines  provided  by  the  medical  field  on  the  treatment  of  the  particular  illness.relevant  information  should  be  added  to  the  medical  record  of  the  patient.a  failure  to  respond  to  treatments  that  would  normally  work  may  indicate  a  need  for  review  of  the  diagnosis.nancy  mcwilliams  identifies  five  reasons  that  determine  the  necessity  for  diagnosis:diagnosis  for  treatment  planning;information  contained  in  it  related  to  prognosis;protecting  interests  of  patients;a  diagnosis  might  help  the  therapist  to  empathize  with  his  patient;might  reduce  the  likelihood  that  some  fearful  patients  will  goby  the  treatment.  concepts  related  to  diagnosis  subtypes
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  diagnoses  include:clinical  diagnosisa  diagnosis  made  on  the  basis  of  medical  signs  and  patientreported  symptoms,  rather  than  diagnostic  testslaboratory  diagnosisa  diagnosis  based  significantly  on  laboratory  reports  or  test  results,  rather  than  the  physical  examination  of  the  patient.  for  instance,  a  proper  diagnosis  of  infectious  diseases  usually  requires  both  an  examination  of  signs  and  symptoms,  as  well  as  laboratory  test  results  and  characteristics  of  the  pathogen  involved.radiology  diagnosisa  diagnosis  based  primarily  on  the  results  from  medical  imaging  studies.  greenstick  fractures  are  common  radiological  diagnoses.tissue  diagnosisa  diagnosis  based  on  the  macroscopic,  microscopic,  and  molecular  examination  of  tissues  such  as  biopsies  or  whole
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring organs.  for  example,  a  definitive  diagnosis  of  cancer  is  made  via  tissue  examination  by  a  pathologist.principal  diagnosisthe  single  medical  diagnosis  that  is  most  relevant  to  the  patients  chief  complaint  or  need  for  treatment.  many  patients  have  additional  diagnoses.admitting  diagnosisthe  diagnosis  given  as  the  reason  why  the  patient  was  admitted  to  the  hospital;  it  may  differ  from  the  actual  problem  or  from  the  discharge  diagnoses,  which  are  the  diagnoses  recorded  when  the  patient  is  discharged  from  the  hospital.differential  diagnosisa  process  of  identifying  all  of  the  possible  diagnoses  that  could  be  connected  to  the  signs,  symptoms,  and  lab  findings,  and  then  ruling
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring out  diagnoses  until  a  final  determination  can  be  made.diagnostic  criteriadesignates  the  combination  of  signs,  symptoms,  and  test  results  that  the  clinician  uses  to  attempt  to  determine  the  correct  diagnosis.  they  are  standards,  normally  published  by  international  committees,  and  they  are  designed  to  offer  the  best  sensitivity  and  specificity  possible,  respect  the  presence  of  a  condition,  with  the  stateoftheart  technology.prenatal  diagnosisdiagnosis  work  done  before  birthdiagnosis  of  exclusiona  medical  condition  whose  presence  cannot  be  established  with  complete  confidence  from  history,  examination  or  testing.  diagnosis  is  therefore  by  elimination  of  all  other  reasonable  possibilities.dual  diagnosisthe  diagnosis  of  two  related,  but  separate,  medical  conditions
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  comorbidities;  the  term  almost  always  refers  to  a  diagnosis  of  a  serious  mental  illness  and  a  substance  addiction.selfdiagnosisthe  diagnosis  or  identification  of  a  medical  conditions  in  oneself.  selfdiagnosis  is  very  common.remote  diagnosisa  type  of  telemedicine  that  diagnoses  a  patient  without  being  physically  in  the  same  room  as  the  patient.nursing  diagnosisrather  than  focusing  on  biological  processes,  a  nursing  diagnosis  identifies  peoples  responses  to  situations  in  their  lives,  such  as  a  readiness  to  change  or  a  willingness  to  accept  assistance.computeraided  diagnosisproviding  symptoms  allows  the  computer  to  identify  the  problem  and  diagnose  the  user  to  the  best  of  its  ability.  health  screening
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring begins  by  identifying  the  part  of  the  body  where  the  symptoms  are  located;  the  computer  crossreferences  a  database  for  the  corresponding  disease  and  presents  a  diagnosis.overdiagnosisthe  diagnosis  of  disease  that  will  never  cause  symptoms,  distress,  or  death  during  a  patients  lifetimewastebasket  diagnosisa  vague,  or  even  completely  fake,  medical  or  psychiatric  label  given  to  the  patient  or  to  the  medical  records  department  for  essentially  nonmedical  reasons,  such  as  to  reassure  the  patient  by  providing  an  officialsounding  label,  to  make  the  provider  look  effective,  or  to  obtain  approval  for  treatment.  this  term  is  also  used  as  a  derogatory  label  for  disputed,  poorly
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring described,  overused,  or  questionably  classified  diagnoses,  such  as  pouchitis  and  senility,  or  to  dismiss  diagnoses  that  amount  to  overmedicalization,  such  as  the  labeling  of  normal  responses  to  physical  hunger  as  reactive  hypoglycemia.retrospective  diagnosisthe  labeling  of  an  illness  in  a  historical  figure  or  specific  historical  event  using  modern  knowledge,  methods  and  disease  classifications.  see  also  lists  list  of  diagnostic  classification  and  rating  scales  used  in  psychiatrylist  of  diseaseslist  of  disorderslist  of  medical  symptomscategory:diseases  references  external  links  media  related  to  medical  diagnosis  at  wikimedia  commons
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring typically  a  quickadopterof  new  technology,  the  health  sector  continues  to  innovate  using  the  vast  webconnected  universe  known  as  the  internet  of  things.  a  sampling:  keeps  patients  better  connected  to  doctors  via  remote  monitoring  and  virtual  visits;  it  helps  hospitals  track  staff  and  patients;  iot  healthcare  devicesfacilitatethe  care  of  chronic  disease;  iot  automates  patient  care  workflow;  it  quickly  culls,  analyzes  data  and  disseminates  data  to  keep  everyone  on  the  same  page;  it  reduces  inefficiency  and  errors;  it  optimizes  the  pharmaceutical  manufacturing  process,  which  can  result  in  lower  drug  prices;  it  maintains  quality  control  and  manages  sensitive  items  while  theyre  in  transit;
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  can  even  lower  costs  by  streamlining  the  overall  process.  los  angeles,  california  technologies  aim  to  improve  health  conditions  in  less  developed  countries  by  improving  conditions  for  vaccines  and  cooking.  its  coldtrace  system  offers  wireless  remote  temperature  monitoring  for  vaccine  refrigerators  in  rural  clinics  and  health  facilities  so  public  health  workers  can  more  safely  administer  disease  and  lifesaving  injections.  a  sensor  probe  is  placed  inside  a  refrigeration  unit  that  uploads  data  on  current  temperature  and  grid  power  to  texts  updates  to  monitoring  personnel.  similarly,  the  company  describes  its  stovetrace  technology  as  a  cloudbased  remote  monitoring  system  for  improved  cookstoves  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rural  households  that  provides  access  to  realtime  use  measurements  and  monetarily  rewards  users  cooking  on  safer  appliances  that  emit  less  carbon  dioxide  and  dont  rely  on  wood  fuel.  springfield,  massachusetts  with  an  assist  from  vodafones  global  iot  network  and  managed  iot  connectivity  platform,  barcode  and  label  systems  specialist  transmits  medical  diagnostic  data  in  real  time  to  physicians  and  other  healthcare  workers  in  the  worlds  technology  deserts  so  they  can  stay  better  connected  to  patients  and  more  effectively  manage  public  health  situations,  including  infectious  diseases.  systemone  recently  announced  5  million  in  series  a  funding  from  the  rise  fund.  san  francisco,  california
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  partnership  with  google,  the  environmental  defense  fund  and  university  of  texas  at  austin  researchers,  employs  its  mobile  sensing  platform  to  understand  how  cities  live  and  breathe.  factors  that  affect  urban  air  quality  include  transportation  and  energy  uses  as  well  as  weather.  google  recently  installed  aclima  sensors  on  all  of  its  streetview  vehicles  after  a  successful  pilot  program  in  california.  brooklyn,  new  york  is  a  cloud  platform  that  wirelessly  connects  various  therapeutic  devices  related  to  medications,  activity  and  health  for  patients  with  chronic  conditions.  tools  for  mobile  and  web  allow  healthcare  providers  and  caregivers  to  see  trends  and  more  effectively
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring respond  to  data.  users  can  also  get  personalized  tips  on  dealing  with  conditions  and  have  opportunities  to  anonymously  participate  in  research  studies.  in  a  partnership  with  shl,  quio  created  hardware  and  software  to  connect  shls  drug  delivery  systems  via  its  cloudbased  connectedrx  platform.  new  york  and  armonk,  new  york  this  partnership  uses  iot  technology  to  track  the  effectiveness  of  parkinsons  drugs  and  make  any  necessary  dosage  adjustments  in  real  time  while  enhancing  doctorpatient  communication.  pfizer  and  ibm  recently  developed  a  parkinsons  house  thats  decked  out  with  sensors  on  everything  from  the  fridge  handles  and  cupboards  to  doors  and  beds  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring detect  even  the  smallest  variation  in  a  patients  movements.  the  data  thats  collected  is  then  wirelessly  beamed  to  scientists,  who  in  turn  analyze  the  patients  progress  and  medication  responsiveness.  palo  alto,  california  wearable  loop  device  delivers  the  monitoring  power  of  a  hospital  bed  in  the  form  factor  of  a  fitness  tracker.  among  its  capabilities  are  the  facilitating  of  continuous  vital  sign  data  monitoring  as  well  as  the  ability  to  monitor  patient  status  via  the  cloud  and  glean  actionable  insights  that  spur  better  care.  spry  recently  announced  a  call  for  grant  applications  in  order  to  attract  academic  researchers  wholl  conduct  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  chronic  disease  studies  using  its  wearable  loop  monitoring  system.  new  york,  new  york  pairs  a  comfortable  mattress  with  a  sleep  and  environmentsensing  app  that  analyzes  the  data  it  collects  and  then  sends  that  data  to  your  smartphone  so  you  can  determine  your  ideal  sleep  temperature.  the  app  can  also  integrate  with  smart  lights  and  door  locks.  eights  new  sleep  coach  app  feature  syncs  with  the  companys  smart  mattress  and  can  integrate  with  amazons  alexa.  espoo,  finland  appleowned  aims  to  improve  sleep  quality  with  its  appdriven  and  bluetooth  connected  sleep  monitor  that  tracks  breathing,  heart  rate,  snoring  it  even  works
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  cpap  machines  and  sleep  environment,  then  analyzes  the  collected  data  to  determine  the  best  course  of  action  for  a  better  slumbering  experience.  apple  watches  dont  yet  have  a  sleep  tracking  function,  but  industry  experts  hope  the  companys  2017  acquisition  of  beddit  means  that  will  change  in  the  near  future.  los  angeles,  california  happiest  babys  snoo  bassinet  has  lots  of  features  designed  to  help  infants  sleep  longer  and  safer,  including  womblike  rocking  and  white  noise,  a  cry  sensor  that  automatically  adjusts  sound  and  motion,  a  snoo  sack  the  prevents  rolling.  its  all  hooked  up  to  a  app  that  features  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring daily  sleep  log,  mobile  alerts  and  different  settings  to  adjust  for  a  babys  age  and  sensitivity.  recently  tested  by  a  reporter  at  forbes,  snoos  purported  ability  to  help  children  sleep  is  also  a  boon  for  sleepdeprived  parents,  whose  health  depends  on  getting  sufficient  zs.  new  york,  new  york  patients  receive  a  free  smart  pill  bottle  with  their  specialty  medication  thats  used  just  like  a  normal  bottle  and  issues  reminders  for  missed  doses  via  text  or  phone.  it  also  facilitates  personalized  support  for  medication  refills  and  health  issues.  according  to  a  recent  report  from  avella  specialty  pharmacy,  which  uses  adheretechs  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring bottles  for  five  medications  from  four  companies,  over  the  last  few  years  adheretech  has  improved  duration  on  therapy  by  26,  fill  rates  by  9,  and  doselevel  adherence  by  15.  on  average,  the  adheretech  program  generates  1  to  2  additional  fills  of  specialty  medications,  per  patient  per  year.  chicago,  illinois  provides  whats  essentially  a  plugandplay  platform  for  medical  device  manufacturers  and  healthcare  providers  to  maintain  communication  with  patients  and  make  sure  they  comply  with  medical  advice  such  as  medication  dosage  and  frequency.  in  many  cases  this  monitoring  via  the  use  of  sensors  let  patients  remain  at  home,  which  eliminates  travel  time
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring particularly  for  those  in  farflung  locales  and  hospital  costs.  for  healthcare  providers,  aeriss  technology  facilitates  more  frequent  patient  assessments  via  easily  monitored  data,  timelier  treatments  and  compliance  transparency  that  helps  with  insurance  reimbursements.  a  platform  for  several  other  industries  beyond  healthcare,  aeris  recently  published  the  third  edition  of  its  book  the  definitive  guide:  the  internet  of  things  for  business  by  aeris  founder  and  cto  syed  zaeem  hosain.  rockville,  maryland  otsukas  is  an  aripiprazole  tablet  an  antipsychotic  used  to  treat  various  mental  and  mood  disorders  embedded  with  an  ingestible  event  marker  iem  sensor  that  activates  upon  digestion  and  conveys  data  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  wearable  mycite  patch.  the  patch  then  sends  the  data  to  a  mobile  app  that  enables  the  user  to  review  medication  ingestion  data  and  activity  level,  as  well  as  selfreported  mood  and  quality  of  rest.  via  a  secure  web  portal,  the  app  dashboard  can  also  communicate  health  data  to  the  users  doctor  or  other  healthcare  professional  as  well  as  family  members  and  friends.  otsuka  recently  expanded  a  collaboration  agreement  with  proteus  digital  health  to  further  develop  and  commercialize  abilify  mycite  and  other  digital  medications  that  treat  severe  mental  illness.  new  york,  new  york  autobed  platform  can  monitor  up  to  1200
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring beds,  process  80  bed  requests  at  a  time  and  keep  track  of  other  patient  requirements  like  nurse  proximity.  ge  installed  its  autobed  system  and  sensors  at  new  yorks  mt.  sinai  hospital  to  connect  and  track  hospital  beds.  as  a  result,  hospital  staff  knew  exactly  when  a  bed  freed  up  and  where  it  was  located,  which  reduced  emergency  room  wait  times  by  several  hours  for  half  the  hospitals  er  patients.  andover,  massachusettsnorth  america  used  to  monitor  mri  performance,  ealert  is  equipped  with  a  sensor  that  measures  environmental  factors  against  certain  thresholds  and  triggers  alerts  if  those  thresholds  are  exceeded.alerts  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sent  by  email  and  text  or  even  integrated  into  a  local  alarm  system.  philips  recently  selfreported  security  flaws  it  found  in  ealert.  some  of  the  flaws  have  been  fixed  and  the  remainder  will  be  addressed  the  end  of  2018.  waltham,  massachusetts  technology  facilitates  realtime  patient  location  via  wireless  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  giving  providers  a  way  to  more  easily  monitor  patients  in  a  more  personalized  manner  thats  based  on  individual  needs.  the  missouri  delta  medical  center  in  sikeston,  mo.  recently  began  using  stanleys  aeroscout  links  platform  to  wirelessly  monitor  temperature  and  humidity  conditions  in  the  hospital  and  elsewhere,  including  refrigerators,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring freezers,  incubators  and  procedure  rooms.  morris  plains,  new  jersey  genesis  touch  keeps  patients  connected  with  remotely  located  care  providers  that  receive  transmitted  biometrics  data  via  a  patient  dashboard.  the  gt  can  also  host  video  visits,  give  multiple  providers  access  to  a  patients  vital  statistics  and  be  integrated  with  an  oximeter,  blood  pressure  monitor  and  precision  health  scale.  the  global  remote  patient  services  monitoring  market,  of  which  the  genesis  touch  is  a  part,  is  slated  to  expand  through  2025.  san  francisco,  california  via  bluetooth,  wifi  and  other  connections,  software  development  company  facilitates  connectivity  with  an  array  of  medical  devices.  data  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  information  collected  via  sensor  readings  and  other  methods  can  be  used  to  quickly  analyze  health  issues  and  diagnose  conditions  and  provide  realtime  support.  the  company  invented  an  app  to  access  data  collected  from  a  custom  heart  monitor  outfitted  with  ekg  sensors.  rstyle  paired  the  app  and  monitor  using  bluetooth  and  was  able  to  process  sensor  readings  and  visualize  the  data  as  medical  heartbeat  graphs  at  the  speed  of  300  dots  per  second.  new  york,  new  york  syncs  health  history  and  biometric  sensors  toprovide  users  with  recommendations  for  wellness  and  supplements.  specific  functions  include  the  syncing  of  apple  healthkit  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring dexcom  cgm,  uptodate  wellness  advice  from  qualified  sources  and  access  to  an  online  supplement  dispensary.  in2017,  ensa  partnered  with  dexcom  to  provide  continuous  glucose  monitoring  for  those  with  diabetes  and  related  health  conditions.  images  via  social  media,  shutterstock  and  screenshots  of  company  web  pages.  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  our  five  dedicated  labs,  intellectsoft  helps  businesses  accelerate  adoption  of  new  technologies  and  orchestrate  ongoing  innovation  leverage  our  decadelong  expertise  in  it  strategy  consulting,  product  engineering,  and  mobile  development  intellectsoft  brings  the  latest  technologies  to  your  vertical  with  our  industryspecific  solutions  trusted  by  worlds  leading  brands  and  fortune  500  companies  we  help  enterprises  reimagine  their  business  and  achieve  digital  transformation  more  efficiently  dna  testing  custom  engineering  for  industrial  iot,  connected  devices,  and  smart  infrastructures  benefits,  use  cases,  and  challenges  of  iot  in  the  healthcare  industry.  we  explore  what  the  year  holds  for  all  top  tech,  including  ar,  iot,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  school  of  psychology,  trinity  college  dublin,  dublin  2,  ireland  oneview  healthcare,  blackrock  business  park,  blackrock,  co.  dublin,  ireland;  r.p.;  s.m.;  n.n.;  b.h.;  s.w.  oneview  healthcare,  blackrock  business  park,  blackrock,  co.  dublin,  ireland;  r.p.;  s.m.;  n.n.;  b.h.;  s.w.  oneview  healthcare,  blackrock  business  park,  blackrock,  co.  dublin,  ireland;  r.p.;  s.m.;  n.n.;  b.h.;  s.w.  oneview  healthcare,  blackrock  business  park,  blackrock,  co.  dublin,  ireland;  r.p.;  s.m.;  n.n.;  b.h.;  s.w.  oneview  healthcare,  blackrock  business  park,  blackrock,  co.  dublin,  ireland;  r.p.;  s.m.;  n.n.;  b.h.;  s.w.  this  paper  presents  the  results  of  three  interrelated  studies  concerning  the  specification  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring implementation  of  ambient  assisted  living  aal/internet  of  things  iot/sensorbased  infrastructures,  to  support  resident  wellness  and  personcentered  care  delivery,  in  a  residential  care  context.  overall,  the  paper  reports  on  the  emerging  wellness  management  concept  and  iot  solution.  the  three  studies  adopt  a  stakeholder  evaluation  approach  to  requirements  elicitation  and  solution  design.  human  factors  research  combines  several  qualitative  humanmachine  interaction  hmi  design  frameworks/methods,  including  realist  ethnography,  process  mapping,  personabased  design,  and  participatory  design.  software  development  activities  are  underpinned  by  scrum/agile  frameworks.  three  structuring  principles  underpin  the  residents  lived  experience  and  the  proposed  sensing  framework.  this  includes  1  resident  wellness,  2  the  residents
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring environment  i.e.,  room  and  broader  social  spaces  which  constitute  home  for  the  resident,  and  3  care  delivery.  the  promotion  of  resident  wellness,  autonomy,  quality  of  life  and  social  participation  depends  on  adequate  monitoring  and  evaluation  of  information  pertaining  to  1,  2  and  3.  furthermore,  the  application  of  ambient  assisted  living  technology  in  a  residential  setting  depends  on  a  clear  definition  of  related  care  delivery  processes  and  allied  social  and  interpersonal  communications.  it  is  argued  that  independence  and  quality  of  life  for  older  adults  is  linked  to  technology  that  enables  interdependence,  and  specifically  technology  that  supports  social  communication  between  key  roles
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring including  residents,  caregivers,  and  family  members.  ambient  intelligence  is  a  new  paradigm  in  information  technology  aimed  at  empowering  peoples  capabilities  by  the  means  of  digital  environments  that  are  sensitive,  adaptive,  and  responsive  to  human  needs  and  the  presence  of  people  ,  ,  .  typically,  contextaware  technology  is  integrated  in  a  persons  living  environment.  assisted  living/residential  care  settings  are  defined  as  group  living  environments  for  adults  with  disabilities  and/or  older  adults  who  require  assistance  with  at  least  one  activity  of  daily  living.  in  many  cases,  older  adults  may  have  some  level  of  cognitive  and  functional  decline.  assisted  living  facilities  follow  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring social  model  of  care  i.e,  beyond  biomedical  which  is  predicated  on  the  concept  of  home  and  resident  engagement.  importantly,  it  is  expected  that  residents  live  in  an  environment  that  resembles  home  and  enables  personal  autonomy  and  social  connection.  ambient  assisted  living  aal  can  be  defined  as  the  use  of  information  and  communication  technologies  ict  in  a  persons  daily  living  and  working  environment  to  enable  them  to  stay  active  longer,  remain  socially  connected  and  live  independently  into  old  age  .  new  technologies  are  being  advanced  to  support  the  needs  of  older  people  living  independently  i.e.,  at  home  and  in  assisted  living/residential
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care  environments  .  generally,  this  involves  the  advancement  of  aal/internet  of  things  iot/sensorbased  infrastructures  which  make  use  of  machine  learning  technology.  these  infrastructures  connect  a  range  of  devices  i.e.,  tv,  tablet,  mobile  phones  etc.,  sensors  environmental  sensors  and  biosensors  and  actuators  as  part  of  an  iot  hub.  the  above  technologies  link  to  concepts  of  ambient  assistive  living  and  anyevery  connectivity  .  the  purpose  and  functionalities  of  gerontechnologies  are  often  led  by  the  requirements  of  their  social  and  caregiving  environments  .  often,  there  is  a  mismatch  between  the  proposed  functionalities  and  end  user  intrinsic  motivations  and  expected  benefits  ,  .  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring highlighted  by  chen  and  chan  ,  this  has  an  impact  on  user  acceptance.  if  technologies  are  to  be  embedded  in  a  persons  life,  then  they  must  be  acceptable  to  that  person  .  overall,  the  application  of  aal  technology  needs  to  have  meaning  and  value  in  the  context  of  1  the  lived  experience  and  diverse  needs  of  older  adults  in  residential  care,  and  2  the  care  processes  and  activities  that  underpin  the  management  of  resident  wellness  in  this  setting.  to  this  end,  the  available  technology  requires  interrogation  in  relation  to  1  stakeholders  needs,  benefits,  requirements  and  issues  pertaining  to  ethics  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring acceptability.  furthermore,  this  technology  is  quite  new,  and  basic  research  is  required  in  relation  to  2  investigating  how  aal/iot/sensorbased  infrastructures  might  be  designed  to  deliver  on  stakeholder  needs.  the  concepts  and  technologies  arising  from  research  pertaining  to  1  and  2,  require  implementation  at  a  residential  care  site  3.  to  be  successful,  the  functionality  must  address  organizational  goals  along  with  the  needs  of  older  adults  and  caregivers.  in  addition,  the  introduction  of  new  aal  technology  i.e.,  quality  improvement  involves  change  right  across  the  care  setting.  such  technology  transforms  processes,  role  definition  and  how  care  will  be  provided.  implementation  strategies  a  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring typically  multicomponent  and  b  must  adapt  to  local  contexts  .  such  change  takes  time  and  is  often  piecemeal  .  potentially,  the  union  of  quality  improvement  science  and  human  factors  can  produce  safer  and  better  solutions  for  healthcare  .  the  starting  point  for  conceptualizing  the  application  of  aal  is  the  experience  of  the  older  adult  domicile  in  a  residential  care  facility.  according  to  research  by  the  american  association  of  retired  persons,  nearly  90  percent  of  older  adults  want  to  age  in  place  .  the  home  is  associated  with  many  positives.  chief  among  them  is  the  comfort  of  being  in  ones  own
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring environment  and  the  associated  implications  of  user  control  and  privacy.  however,  research  indicates  that  the  home  is  not  always  the  ideal  environment  for  fostering  independence  and  quality  of  life.  studies  highlight  the  potential  for  social  isolation  and  disempowerment  .  this  often  occurs  in  situations  where  the  home  is  the  site  for  medical  treatment  .  in  the  us,  there  is  a  strong  trend  in  relation  to  older  adults  transitioning  to  retirement/assisted  living  communities  .  in  europe,  older  people  tend  to  live  at  home  and  move  to  residential  care  facilities  at  a  more  acute  stage.  residential  homes  have  been  associated  negative  experiences
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring including  regimented  routines,  lack  of  freedom,  reduced  social  connection  ,  boredom  and  encroachments  on  privacy  .  however,  recently,  there  has  been  a  culture  change  in  residential  care,  with  more  attention  to  social  relationships,  resident  preferences  and  promoting  intergenerational  contact.  although  rewarding,  the  job  of  being  a  nurse  and/or  a  care  assistant  is  very  demanding.  workload  is  high.  stafftoresident  ratios  are  lower  than  those  at  acute  care  environments  .  caregiver  burnout  is  frequently  reported  .  critically,  staff  burnout  can  adversely  impact  on  care  quality  and  safety.  for  example,  research  indicates  that  caregiver  burnout  directly  impacts  patient  mortality  .  moreover,  burnout  increases
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  risk  of  neglect  and  abuse,  especially  in  older  populations  ,  .  many  assistive  living  facilities  depend  on  a  mix  of  both  contract  and  permanent  staff.  as  a  result,  it  can  be  difficult  to  ensure  consistency  in  relation  staff  training  and  care  culture.  process  compliance  and  resident  reporting  is  closely  monitored.  often,  there  is  a  conflict  between  resident  reporting  and  providing  direct  personal  care  to  residents  .  challenges  to  professionalism  are  frequently  reported  ,  ,  .  in  such  environments,  resident  safety  depends  upon  open  communication,  trust  and  effective  interdisciplinary  teamwork  .  several  accounts  of  ageing  have  been  proposed.  biomedical  models
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  on  the  avoidance  of  disease  and  disability  .  according  to  rowe  and  kahn  ,  successful  aging  is  multidimensional  encompassing  the  avoidance  of  disease  and  disability,  the  maintenance  of  high  physical  and  cognitive  function,  and  sustained  engagement  in  social  and  productive  activities  similarly,  psychosocial  models  focus  on  life  satisfaction,  social  participation,  functioning,  and  psychological  resources  ,  .  the  concept  of  identity  has  three  pillars:  the  person,  the  role  and  the  group  .  personal  identity  refers  to  the  sense  of  self  which  is  built  over  time.  this  includes  the  aggregate  of  characteristics  by  which  a  person  is  recognized  by  himself/herself  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring others,  what  matters  to  the  person  and  their  values  .  crucially,  autonomy  is  central  to  personal  identity  .  others  define  identity  as  the  social  position  that  the  self  both  possesses  and  internalizes  .  it  is  argued  that  individuals  use  their  identities  during  their  interaction  with  others.  that  is,  they  play  roles  .  furthermore,  membership  in  a  community  influences  identity  .  the  pillars  of  role  and  group  are  fundamental  to  the  notion  of  the  relational  self  and  the  allied  concept  of  relational  identity  .  relational  identity  refers  to  the  part  of  the  persons  identity  that  is  based  on  their  relationship  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring another  person  for  example,  husband  or  wife  .  rights  are  the  fundamental  normative  rules  concerning  what  a  person  is  entitled  to.  charters  of  rights  for  older  adults  living  in  care  homes  have  been  advanced  both  generally  and  in  the  memory  care  context  .  these  charters  highlight  certain  principles  that  should  be  considered  in  relation  to  the  introduction  of  new  aal  technologies.  for  example,  resident  consent  in  relation  to  the  use  of  specific  technologies/sensors  and  associated  information  captured,  and  the  protection  of  the  personal  sphere.  the  concept  of  autonomy  refers  to  exercising  individual  choice,  freedom  of  will,  and  assuming  responsible  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring oneself  ,  .  as  human  relationships  are  based  on  mutual  dependence  and  partnership  ,  it  is  argued  that  autonomy  should  be  conceptualized  in  the  context  of  the  relationships  within  which  individuals  are  embedded  .  according  to  biopsychosocial  theories  of  health  and  wellness,  the  cause,  manifestation  and  outcome  of  wellness  and  disease  are  determined  by  a  dynamic  interaction  between  biological,  psychological  and  social  factors.  none  of  these  factors  in  isolation  are  sufficient  to  lead  definitively  to  wellness  or  illness.  instead,  it  is  the  interrelationships  between  all  three  pillars  that  results  in  each  outcome  ,  .  patient  experience  refers  to  how  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patient  feels  as  they  undergo  an  episode  of  care  .  the  concepts  of  resident  experience  follows  from  the  concepts  of  patient  experience.  resident  experience  pertains  to  the  lived  experience  of  residents  in  assistive  living  facilities.  it  concerns  their  overall  quality  of  life  and  level  of  fulfillment  .  patient  engagement  is  defined  as  a  patients  own  engagement  in  their  health,  their  care,  and  their  treatment  ,  .  it  is  argued  that  engaged  patients  are  better  able  to  make  informed  decisions  about  their  care  options  ,  .  similarly,  resident  engagement  pertains  to  the  level  of  interest/participation  that  an  older  adult  domicile  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  residential  care  facility  takes  in  their  daily  care  and  activities  .  patientcentered  approaches  have  replaced  physician  centered  care  approaches  .  some  argue  that  the  concept  of  patientcentered  care  might  be  replaced  with  the  concept  of  personfocused  care  .  more  recently,  there  has  been  a  move  towards  relationshipcentered  care  ,  ,  .  as  human  beings  are  social  beings  ,  ,  fostering  and  maintaining  positive  social  relationships  is  essential  to  wellbeing.  furthermore,  this  positively  impacts  on  health  outcomes.  this  paper  presents  the  results  of  three  interrelated  studies  concerning  the  specification  and  implementation  of  aal/iot/sensorbased  infrastructures  to  support  a  resident  wellness  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring b  personcentered  care  delivery  in  a  residential  care  context  i.e.,  community  dwelling  and  not  a  private  home.  overall,  these  three  studies  form  the  basis  of  an  overall  product  development  project,  involving  collaboration  between  researchers  at  trinity  college  dublin  and  at  oneview  healthcare.  the  first  study  pertains  to  human  factors  research  concerning  the  specification  of  new  aal  technology,  in  relation  to  the  user  requirements  of  residents  and  caregivers.  the  second  study  reports  on  the  advancement  of  an  aal  product,  as  part  of  a  commercial  product  development  project.  this  study  was  undertaken  in  parallel  to  the  first  study.  accordingly,  the  outputs  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring study  1  were  iteratively  fed  into  study  2,  on  an  ongoing  basis.  the  third  study  focuses  on  the  implementation  of  the  emerging  product  concept,  at  two  customer  sites.  first  the  materials  and  methods  are  introduced.  this  includes  an  overview  of  research  objectives,  a  summary  of  the  three  studies,  and  a  detailed  breakdown  of  the  methods  used  in  each  of  the  studies.  following  this,  the  results  of  the  three  studies  are  presented.  the  results  are  reported  in  relation  to  a  series  of  themes  which  have  emerged  from  an  analysis  of  findings  across  the  three  studies.  in  relation  to  study  1a  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring b,  the  primary  focus  is  on  reporting  wellness  management  concepts  and  processes.  it  should  be  noted  that  specific  findings  pertaining  to  stakeholder  need  residents,  care  staff  and  families  and  the  user  interface  design  of  tablet  solutions  for  residents  and  caregivers,  has  been  described  in  more  detail  in  other  papers  ,  ,  .  the  proposed  solution  is  then  introduced.  this  includes  a  description  of  the  overall  sensing  solution  in  terms  of  three  proposed  sensing  dimensions,  the  resident  record/profile,  the  process  flow  from  a  caregiver  and  residents  perspective,  and  the  wellness  indicator.  following  this,  the  technical  dimensions  of  the  proposed  solution  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reviewed.  this  includes  a  description  of  the  technical  architecture  and  data  platform,  data  analytics  processes,  the  implementation  technology,  aspects  pertaining  to  security  and  scalability,  and  a  description  of  the  sensor  technology  for  customer  1.  the  findings  of  the  three  studies  are  then  discussed  including  study  limitations  and  areas  for  further  research.  finally,  some  conclusions  are  drawn.  the  overall  objective  of  the  three  studies  is  to  identify  and  validate  the  requirements  for  new  technology  enabling  resident  wellness  and  personcentered  care  delivery,  in  a  residential  care  environment.  primarily  this  concerns  the  requirements  of  two  key  stakeholders;  namely  1  older  adults/residents  and  2
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care  givers.  as  indicated  in  below,  three  interrelated  studies  have  been  undertaken.  prior  to  the  commencement  of  the  human  factors  research  i.e.,  study  1,  a  preliminary  assisted  living  al  product  was  advanced  at  oneview  healthcare  see  ,  study  0.  this  involved  the  initial  specification  of  the  technical  architecture  and  associated  sensor  kit  and  tablet  solution  .  as  indicated  in  ,  this  preliminary  research  was  further  advanced  in  two  parallel  studies,  study  1  and  study  2,  and  then  implemented  at  two  customer  sites  i.e.,  study  3.  overview  of  the  three  studies.  study  1  comprises  two  interrelated  human  factors  studies.  study  1a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pertains  to  the  requirements  for  new  al  technology  in  different  contexts  i.e.,  lifespan  perspective.  this  includes  private  dwellings,  assisted  living  environments  and  residential  care  environments.  study  1b  pertains  to  the  requirement  for  new  al  technology  in  a  postacute  care  service.  in  relation  to  both  studies,  the  human  factors  design  approach  is  premised  on  the  assumption  that  the  solutions  for  older  adults,  caregivers,  family  members  and  other  relevant  actors  are  necessarily  interrelated.  to  this  end,  a  stakeholder  evaluation  approach  to  requirements  elicitation  and  user  interface  design  was  adopted.  both  studies  combine  several  qualitative  humanmachine  interaction  hmi  design  frameworks/methods.  in  relation  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring needs  analysis,  the  methodological  approach  is  underpinned  by  realist  ethnography  ,  ,  ,  .  in  relation  to  requirements  specification,  prototyping  and  design/evaluation  activities,  the  methodology  combines  aspects  of  personaebased  design  ,  and  participatory  design  .  study  2  focused  on  the  advancement  of  an  aal  product  for  the  residential  care  market.  this  includes  the  specification  of  the  product  concept,  stakeholder  requirements,  the  products  technical  architecture  and  associated  software  development.  study  3  is  currently  ongoing  and  involves  action  research  pertaining  to  the  implementation  of  the  proposed  product  with  two  different  customers  i.e.,  assisted  living  facilities  in  australia.  the  two  customers  have  different
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring objectives  and  requirements,  different  levels  of  technical  maturity  and  different  technical  infrastructures  different  integration  requirements.  in  both  cases,  residents  include  a  mix  of  low,  mid  and  high  dependency  older  adults,  requiring  a  spectrum  of  assistance  in  terms  of  supporting  the  activities  of  daily  living.  a  significant  proportion  of  residents  have  some  form  of  functional  and  cognitive  decline  including  dementia.  in  relation  to  customer  1,  the  initial  implementation  focuses  on  one  demonstration  site.  this  involves  a  newly  built  120bed  facility,  with  an  existing  ambient  and  health  sensor  solution  in  place.  this  study  is  being  led  by  the  companys  chief  information  officer
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cio.  the  project  team  includes  staff  with  clinical,  technical  and  business  transformation/change  management  expertise.  the  objective  is  to  enhance  the  resident  experience  integrating  iot  with  existing  sensors  provided  by  a  different  vendor,  and  to  digitize  the  clinical  and  administrative  workflows,  at  the  facility.  tablet  solutions  are  also  being  advanced  for  the  resident.  currently,  the  technical  solution  has  just  been  installed.  a  period  of  implementation,  staff  and  resident  training,  review  and  evaluation  is  planned.  pending  feedback,  certain  user  interface  design  features/functions  may  be  updated.  further,  pending  success  in  relation  to  phase  1  delivery,  a  second  implementation  phase  will  focus  on  retrofitting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring older  sites  with  this  technology.  in  relation  to  customer  2,  the  study  is  being  led  by  an  interdisciplinary  team  comprising  the  national  systems  manager,  a  project  manager,  a  clinical  lead  and  a  national  trainer.  the  project  team  includes  staff  comprising  clinical,  technical  and  business  transformation/change  management  expertise.  in  relation  to  customer  2,  the  initial  implementation  phase  focuses  on  enhancing/replacing  their  existing  clinical  management  system  cms.  this  involves  improving  existing  clinical  workflows  and  enabling  new  points  of  access  to  these  workflows  i.e.,  introducing  new  tablet  and  desktopbased  solutions  for  nursing  and  administrative  staff.  currently,  customer  requirements  have  been  defined,  and  software
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring development  activities  are  underway.  software  development  will  bridge  those  gaps  identified  between  the  existing  oneview  assisted  living  product  i.e.,  clinical/caregiver  focus,  and  the  customers  existing  cms.  once  developed,  the  cms  will  be  implemented  at  a  single  site  and  any  issues  identified.  the  product  will  then  be  refined  and  further  implemented  at  other  sites.  pending  success,  it  is  anticipated  that  a  second  phase  will  focus  on  further  enhancing  the  resident  experience  to  include  tablet  solutions  for  residents  and,  potentially,  ambient  sensors.  collectively,  the  three  studies  apply  a  stakeholder  evaluation  approach  to  requirements  elicitation  and  user  interface  design.  this  is  the  gold
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring standard  for  human  factors  action  research  pertaining  to  new  technology  development.  overall,  this  stakeholder  evaluation  approach  has  spanned  formal  human  factors  research  activities  with  a  stakeholder  panel  i.e.,  studies  1a  1b,  customer  insights  analysis  following  request  for  information  rfi/request  for  proposal  rfp  processes  with  numerous  aged  care  providers  in  the  us  and  australia  i.e.,  study  2,  and  customer  codesign  workshops  i.e.,  study  3.  in  relation  to  studies  1a  and  1b,  interviews  and  observations  have  been  undertaken  with  stakeholders  to  identify  requirements.  in  parallel,  the  product  team,  have  engaged  in  requirements  elicitation  activities  as  part  of  study  2.  health  and  aged
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care  industries  typically  follow  a  procurement  via  tender  process.  product  and  commercial  teams  have  worked  together  to  track  and  respond  to  relevant  rfi/rfp  processes  with  numerous  aged  care  providers  in  the  us  and  australia.  product  have  used  the  requirements  listed  in  these  tender  processes  as  customer  insights  about  what  the  industry  is  looking  for  from  their  technology  partners.  in  relation  to  studies  1a,  participatory  codesign  sessions  have  been  undertaken  with  stakeholders  to  define  the  user  interface  design  requirements  for  relevant  caregiver  and  resident  solutions.  study  2  has  involved  software  development  in  relation  to  these  prototypes.  the  product  concept  and  associated
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring requirement  specifications  and  prototypes  have  been  further  refined  as  part  of  study  3.  as  detailed  below,  the  proposed  software  prototypes  were  reviewed  in  a  series  of  workshops  with  customers,  to  define  specific  customer  requirements  and  user  interface  workflows/design  features.  this  is  described  in  more  detail  below.  the  purpose  of  this  study  was  to  identify  and  validate  the  requirements  for  new  technology  supporting  wellness,  independence  and  social  participation  for  older  people  domiciled  in  residential  homes  and/or  assisted  living  communities.  in  terms  of  scope,  the  primary  focus  was  on  the  resident  experience  and  the  associated  resident  solution.  solutions  for  other  stakeholders  i.e.,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nurse,  care  assistant  and  family  are  being  advanced  for  the  purpose  of  1  complementing  workflows  associated  with  the  resident  solution  for  example,  a  nurse  accessing  a  resident  wellness  survey,  and  2  providing  task  support  for  these  other  stakeholders  in  relation  to  addressing  resident  wellbeing  for  example,  a  nurse  viewing  resident  profile  information  and/or  reporting  on  resident  wellbeing  ,  ,  .  in  line  with  wengers  approach  the  stakeholder  evaluation  approach  involves  the  active  and  ongoing  participation  of  stakeholders  throughout  the  project.  as  part  of  this,  a  community  of  practice  comprising  internal  and  external  stakeholders  was  advanced.  in  relation  to  needs  analysis,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 47  interviews  were  undertaken  external  stakeholders:  n  38,  internal  stakeholders:  n  9.  this  includes  interviews  with  older  people  living  independently,  aged  care  nurses,  family  members,  volunteers  and  experts  in  ageing  and  dementia.  preliminary  observations  were  undertaken  in  two  public  day  hospitals  providing  care  for  older  people  in  the  community.  initial  observations  were  undertaken  at  a  residential  home.  following  the  analysis  of  field  research  findings,  a  version  1  prototype  of  the  resident  and  nurse/caregiver  solution  was  developed  for  use  in  the  codesign  activities.  five  phases  of  codesign/evaluation  were  then  undertaken  phase  1,  n  6,  phase  2,  n  5,  phase  3,  n
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 5,  phase  4,  n  5  and  phase  5,  n  5.  the  first  phase  of  codesign/evaluation  focused  on  eliciting  stakeholder  feedback  regarding  the  highlevel  product  concept  for  the  resident,  caregiver/nurse,  family  and  administrative  assistant  applications.  in  advance  of  viewing  the  prototypes,  participants  reviewed  a  short  microsoft  powerpoint  presentation  which  provided  a  background  to  the  research  and  preliminary  findings,  a  summary  of  the  different  applications  and  functions,  and  an  example  persona.  the  review/codesign  of  prototypes  was  then  undertaken.  the  initial  prototypes  were  demonstrated  to  stakeholders  using  a  laptop  computer.  the  second  phase  of  codesign  involved  the  same  procedure  as  phase  1.  however,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  second  phase  of  codesign  focused  on  the  resident  and  nurse  applications  only.  the  third  phase  of  codesign  involved  the  same  procedure  as  phase  1.  however,  this  phase  focused  on  the  nurse  applications  only.  the  forth  phase  focused  on  refining  the  concepts,  processes/workflows  and  specific  ui  design  for  both  the  resident  and  nursing  applications.  the  fifth  phase  focused  on  the  nurse  applications  only.  the  primary  focus  was  on  a  evaluating  those  functions  which  pertain  to  resident  wellness  and  b  exploring  how  best  to  manage  issues  around  reduction  in  human  contact/optimizing  human  contact  in  care  delivery.  older  people,  especially  those  living
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  cognitive  impairment  are  a  vulnerable  group  and  their  dignity,  rights  and  privacy  must  be  safeguarded.  the  study  has  been  conducted  in  accordance  with  the  principles  of  the  declaration  of  helsinki  as  amended  in  2013  .  research  methods  have  received  ethics  approval  from  the  school  of  psychology,  trinity  college  dublin,  ireland.  provides  a  summary  of  research  phases  and  activities  and  what  has  been  achieved.  for  more  information  on  methods,  please  see  .  the  purpose  of  this  study  was  to  identify  the  requirements  for  new  technology  to  support  patient  experience,  patient  reablement,  patientcentered  care,  and  staff  professionalism  at  a  postacute  care
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring service/hospital.  this  was  a  preliminary  and  indicative  study.  it  is  anticipated  that  the  findings  of  this  study  will  be  used  to  identify  a  case  for  future  technology  transformation  at  the  service.  study  1b  has  involved  the  participation  of  both  patients  and  staff  at  the  service.  research  has  involved  documentation  analysis,  observations  of  staff  10  half  days,  elapsing  over  5  weeks,  interviews  with  nursing/care  staff  n  20,  and  interviews  with  patients  n  11.  following  an  analysis  of  field  research  findings,  early  stage  prototypes  of  several  new  technology  concepts  for  different  stakeholders  have  been  advanced.  this  includes  preliminary  concepts  for  an  interactive
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring whiteboard  at  the  nurses  station,  a  wall  mounted  display  outside  the  patients  room,  a  caregiver  app  accessible  using  a  tablet  device,  a  nursing  app  accessible  using  a  tablet  device  and  a  patient  app  accessible  using  a  mobile  phone.  this  study  received  ethics  approval  from  the  institutional  review  board  of  a  dublinbased  hospital,  along  with  the  ethics  committee  of  the  school  of  psychology,  trinity  college  dublin,  ireland.  study  2  has  involved  applied  research  undertaken  by  the  senior  living  product  development  team  at  oneview  healthcare.  overall,  the  product  development  approach  has  followed  scrum  frameworks.  scrum  is  a  lightweight,  iterative  and  incremental  framework
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  product  development  ,  .  in  keeping  with  agile  approaches,  it  promotes  sustainable  development  and  satisfying  the  customer  through  early  and  continuous  delivery  of  software  .  product  development  has  involved  two  high  level  strands  of  research,  namely  1  product  envisionment  i.e.,  product  vision  and  rationale,  led  by  the  product  owner,  and  2  software  development  undertaken  by  a  team  of  software  developers,  following  scrum  approaches.  strand  1  production  envisionment  has  been  closely  integrated  with  study  1  i.e.,  human  factors  research.  accordingly,  the  outputs  of  study  1  i.e.,  user  requirement  specifications,  wellness  management  concepts  and  user  interface  design  prototypes  for  different  stakeholder
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tools  have  been  considered  in  terms  of  the  advancement  of  the  product  concept.  overall,  product  development  activity  has  involved  the  following  tasks:  literature  review/market  scan  in  relation  to  customer  needs,  technology  trends  and  available  technology.  evaluation  of  the  current  state  of  the  art  in  relation  to  sensor  kits  and  iot  architectures.  evaluation  of  prospective  customer  requirements,  including  technical  and  integration  requirements  i.e.,  tender  documentation.  specification  of  the  preliminary  product  vision,  benefits  and  end  user  requirements.  analysis  of  wellness  management  concepts,  resident  and  caregiver  user  requirements  outputs  of  study  1.  definition  of  stakeholder  requirements  outputs  of  study  1.  specification  of  technical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring architecture.  translating  of  requirements  into  user  stories  outputs  of  study  1.  prototyping  and  design,  including  an  analysis  of  user  interface  design  prototypes  for  residents  and  caregivers  as  emerged  in  human  factors  research  outputs  of  study  1.  software  development.  software  testing.  product  demonstration  and  evaluation.  the  initial  product  proposal  followed  an  analysis  and  synthesis  of  diverse  information  sources  including  information  pertaining  to  competitor  products,  tender  documents,  gartner  reports,  information  from  research  partners  and  technology  trends  information.  product  development  had  taken  aspects  of  design  thinking  ,  lean  startup  and  rapid  prototyping  methodologies  to  get  the  message  of  the  product  ethos  and  architecture
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  potential  customers  as  early  as  possible.  these  product  development  methodologies  focus  on  obtaining  quick  feedback  from  customers  and  iterating  in  a  fast  and  lowcost  way.  critically,  iterations  occur  on  codefree  design  prototypes,  before  developers  take  them  into  a  development  cycle.  in  line  with  an  agile  product  methodology,  high  level  features  are  captured  as  an  epic.  the  purpose  of  the  epic  is  to  understand  the  highlevel  user  value  that  a  feature  will  deliver.  the  epic  is  refined  to  establish  the  why  i.e.,  why  it  should  be  built.  the  why  is  articulated  in  terms  of  customer,  business  and  user  value.  next,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  technical  architecture  review  is  undertaken,  to  establish  the  how  i.e.,  how  it  should  be  built  from  a  technical  perspective.  at  this  stage,  the  epic  is  ready  to  be  distilled  down  in  the  user  stories  .  the  product  owner  performs  this  ceremony  with  the  product  development  team  to  ensure  that  the  story  is  ready  for  development.  each  user  story  follows  the  invest  method,  so  that  it  is:  independent,  negotiable,  valuable,  estimable,  small  and  testable  .  in  general,  the  action  research  methodology  has  involved  several  steps.  the  product  team  first  reviewed  a  high  level  functional  specification  of  the  existing  technology  at
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  residential  home,  as  provided  by  the  customer.  the  existing  wellness  management  product  i.e.,  comprising  different  tablet  solutions  for  residents  and  caregivers,  a  sensorkit,  data  analytics,  and  solutions  for  administrative  staff  was  then  reviewed  by  key  members  of  the  relevant  project  teams  customer  1,  n  5,  customer  2,  n  6.  as  part  of  this,  the  customer  provided  preliminary  feedback  about  end  user  need,  identifying  where  the  product  addressed  key  requirements,  and  specific  gaps.  following  this,  workshops  were  undertaken  with  clinical  and  administrative  staff,  to  process  map  the  existing  care  and  administrative  processes  customer  1,  n  5,  customer  2,  n  6.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  both  cases,  the  workshops  reflected  a  continuous  discovery  framework  and  elapsed  over  several  weeks.  as  such,  an  iterative  feedback  loop  was  established  between  the  customer  and  the  product  development  team.  a  detailed  review  and  evaluation  of  existing  technology  infrastructure  and  integration  requirements  was  then  undertaken  with  the  customers  it  team.  the  output  of  the  above  activities  was  analyzed  by  the  product  owner.  the  objective  was  to  translate  existing  workflows  into  epics  and  user  stories.  a  preliminary  statement  of  work  was  then  documented  by  the  product  owner  detailing  the  scope,  expectation  and  requirements  on  both  parties  in  relation  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring successful  delivery  of  the  product.  this  was  signed  off  by  the  customer.  following  scrum  methods,  user  stories  were  then  documented.  software  development  was  then  undertaken  in  relation  to  the  user  stories.  in  relation  to  customer  1,  the  initial  technology  has  just  been  installed  at  one  site.  in  relation  to  customer  2,  software  development  is  still  underway,  and  customer  implementation  is  pending.  this  section  presents  an  integration  of  findings  across  the  3  studies.  as  indicated  in  below,  the  findings  are  grouped  into  a  series  of  themes  and  subthemes.  as  demonstrated  in  ,  there  is  considerable  overlap  in  relation  to  focus  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring study  1  and  study  3,  and  the  focus  of  study  2  and  study  3.  studies  and  research  themes.  the  specific  themes  and  subthemes  follow  from  the  research  focus  of  the  three  studies.  in  relation  to  the  themes  pertaining  to  stakeholder  need/human  factors  requirements  i.e.,  3.2  to  3.6,  design  3.9  and  managing  change  3.10,  the  themes  are  derived  from  the  data  frames  used  in  the  two  human  factors  studies  i.e.,  parent  and  child  nodes  corresponding  to  research  questions  defined  for  studies  1a  and  1b.  in  relation  to  3.7,  the  subthemes  were  selected  so  that  general  findings  and  findings  pertaining  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring three  dimensions  of  the  sensing  framework  i.e.,  resident,  environment  and  care  delivery  could  be  easily  distinguished.  as  indicated  in  below,  each  of  the  themes  is  also  associated  with  a  classification  in  terms  of  requirements.  four  types  of  requirements  are  specified.  this  includes  stakeholder  need/human  factors,  technical,  user  interface  design  and  change  management.  this  is  turn  is  linked  to  different  areas  of  product  development,  namely,  production  vision,  goals  and  benefits,  functions  and  workflow,  technical  implementation  and  organizational  implementation.  as  shown  in  ,  there  is  much  crossover  in  terms  of  themes  and  requirements  definition,  and  requirement  definition  and  product  development.  themes,  requirements
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring definition  and  product.  home  all  participants  referred  to  the  concept  of  home.  in  relation  to  study  1a  and  1b,  all  participants  reported  on  a  preference  to  remain  at  home.  in  relation  to  study  1b,  participants  expressed  a  desire  to  return  home  with  a  care  package,  as  opposed  to  transitioning  to  longterm  care.  it  was  noted  that  a  home  is  more  than  a  physical  space.  as  stated,  it  is  a  feeling.  residential  homes  participants  differentiated  between  the  experience  of  living  at  home  i.e.,  private  home  and  living  in  a  residential  home  i.e.,  community  dwelling.  according  to  participants,  residential  home  differs  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  private  home  on  several  levels.  this  includes:  other  residents  are  domiciled  there.  much  of  the  environment  is  shared  with  others  for  example,  corridors,  communal/social  spaces,  eating  areas  and  outdoor  areas.  care  is  provided  by  formal  caregivers  who  work  at  the  residential  home.  all  participants  observed  that  a  residential  home  should  function  like  a  home.  comfort  older  adults,  caregivers  and  family  members  referred  to  the  concept  of  comfort  and  being  comfortable.  this  feeling  was  described  on  two  levels:  in  relation  to  1  the  comfort  provided  by  the  physical  environment,  and  2  the  perceived  social  comfort  provided  by  the  residential  environment.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  relation  to  the  former,  participants  referred  to  having  control  over  certain  aspects  of  their  room.  this  includes  room  temperature,  lighting,  the  opening  and  closing  of  windows  and  doors,  the  layout  of  the  room/space  and  the  style  of  furniture.  much  of  the  environment  is  shared  with  others  for  example,  corridors,  communal/social  spaces,  eating  areas  and  outdoor  areas.  this  has  implications  in  terms  of  privacy  and  control.  participants  reported  an  expectation  that  concepts  of  privacy  and  control  might  vary  according  to  the  specific  physical  space:  1  the  residents  room  full  control  to  meet  own  comfort  requirements,  and  2  communal/social  spaces  no
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring expectation  of  personal  control.  in  relation  to  social  comfort,  this  includes  being  at  ease  socially  and  emotionally,  and  having  a  sense  of  connection  with  others  in  the  care  community  i.e.,  other  residents  and  staff.  participants  reported  an  expectation  of  being  able  to  engage  in  activities  with  other  residents.  furthermore,  they  reported  an  expectation  that  caregivers  might  get  to  know  the  residents  as  people  and  develop  interpersonal  relationships.  as  reported  by  caregivers,  what  is  important  is  that  residents  have  ample  opportunities  to  experience  and  pursue  meaningful  social  relationships.  for  some,  this  may  involve  meaningful  connections  with  only  a  small  number  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring family  members  and  staff.  evidently,  a  healthy  social  life  tends  to  vary  from  person  to  person,  and  in  different  circumstances  i.e.,  illness,  bereavement  etc..  participants  indicated  that  older  adults  might  benefit  from  coaching  in  relation  to  fostering  and  maintaining  identity  and  social  participation  and  that,  potentially,  the  technology  might  support  this.  resident  experience  and  engagement  overall,  the  concepts  of  resident  experience  and  engagement  are  properly  defined  in  the  context  of  certain  key  psychosocial  dimensions  of  resident  wellness,  and  specifically,  in  relation  to  the  quality  of  social  and  care  relationships.  this  includes  multileveled  feelings  and  experiences  of  having  an  identity  which
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  recognized  and  valued  by  oneself  and  others,  having  a  sense  of  purpose  and  a  role,  obtaining  meaning  and  value  in  daily  routines/activities,  identifying  and  relating  to  other  residents  and  care  givers,  being  part  of  a  community,  having  a  voice  in  relation  to  care  decisions,  and  having  confidence  and  trust  in  caregivers  personal  communication.  resident  states  participants  provided  feedback  about  different  resident  states  to  be  promoted,  managed/mitigated  and  avoided.  key  states  to  be  promoted  include  resident  autonomy,  social  participation,  wellbeing  and  purposeful  activity.  these  are  reported  in  more  detail  in  ,  ,  .  identity  and  social  participation  participants  suggested  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  sensor  and  tablet  kit  be  used  to  promote  social  participation.  the  technology  might  provide  caregivers  with  relevant  information  about  the  residents  identity  and  personal  history,  to  support  meaningful  connection  and  conversation.  the  technology  might  also  be  used  to  promote  social  activity  for  residents  along  with  opportunities  for  selfgrowth  for  example,  getting  information  about  how  to  start  new  activity.  furthermore,  the  technology  might  enable  residents  to  be  more  proactive  in  relation  to  managing  their  own  identity  and  social  relationships  i.e.,  enabling  organically  occurring  social  relationships.  moreover,  the  technology  might  notify  caregivers  if  there  are  changes  in  resident  social  participation.  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring example,  the  sensors  could  track  time  spent  in  their  room,  attendance  at  events,  level  of  social  activity,  and  notify  caregivers  and  family  members  if  there  is  a  potential  for  neglect  i.e.,  not  doing  normal  activities  or  reduction  in  activities.  scope  of  wellness  management  overall,  participant  feedback  indicates  that  care  delivery  is  multidimensional,  spanning  the  behavior  and  actions  of  care  staff  in  relation  to  the  enactment  of  certain  core  care  processes.  the  key  care  processes  include:  1  preadmissions  sharing  past  assessment  and  profile  information  information,  2  admissions,  3  initial  assessments,  4  care  planning,  5  daily  care  delivery  and  reporting,  6  adverse
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring events  reporting  and  7  discharge/end  of  care.  it  was  also  noted  that  care  delivery  also  includes  the  underlying  care  approach/ethos  i.e.,  personcentered  care,  promoting  social  participation  and  enablement  and  promoting  family  participation,  at  the  residential  care  facility.  care  givers  notes  that  in  the  current  paperbased  process,  resident  care  information  is  often  disconnected.  wellness  and  stability  it  was  observed  that,  primarily,  care  tends  to  focus  on  the  physical  pillar.  however,  more  recently,  there  has  been  increased  attention  to  psychosocial  wellness.  all  participants  attributed  importance  to  the  psychosocial  pillar.  it  was  noted  that  concepts  of  stability  are  used  in  relation  to  establishing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  residents  baseline,  and  assessing  whether  there  are  changes  to  the  baseline.  all  participants  noted  the  importance  of  providing  direct  personal  care  to  the  resident.  participants  noted  that  for  each  pillar  there  are  lots  of  different  factors  that  might  be  tracked.  furthermore,  the  interrelationship  between  pillars  and  factors  must  also  be  considered.  participants  highlighted  certain  specific  factors  in  relation  to  the  three  pillars  that  should  be  monitored  or  reported  on  i.e.,  either  via  sensors,  or  human  mediated  via  reporting  tools/tablets  used  by  residents,  family  members  or  caregivers.  this  includes:  resident  location,  resident  stability/health,  mood,  sleep,  level  of  activity,  pain,  level
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  human  contact,  status  of  care  received  and  level  of  social  participation.  a  full  list  is  provided  in  .  participants  noted  that  it  might  not  be  necessary  to  go  into  minute  detail  on  all  factors.  it  was  suggested  that  the  relevant  subset  of  factors  to  track  for  a  given  resident,  might  be  defined  at  the  admissions  stage.  participants  noted  the  following  points  in  relation  to  interpreting  signals  changes  in  wellness  pillars  and  associated  factors  change  to  any  one  factor/specific  pillar  will  influence  the  others  change  to  any  one  factor/specific  pillar  might  be  enough  to  initiate  response/call  to  action  individual  differences
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring should  be  considered  if  there  a  reason  for  change,  then  this  should  impact  on  the  care  response  i.e.,  monitor  or  take  action  wellness  communications  participants  noted  that  the  scope  of  wellness  communications  is  quite  broad  and  includes  1  verbal  communication  between  residents  and  family  members,  between  residents  and  caregivers,  and  between  residents  i.e.,  social  activity,  2  resident  physical  behavior  and  nonverbal  communication  i.e.,  fidgeting,  taking  exercise,  wandering,  nodding  head,  knitting  etc.,  3  specific  social  behavior  attending  community  events,  talking  with  family  and  caregivers,  4  making  changes  to  room  settings  door  open/closed,  adjusting  heating,  and  5  specific  care  communications  between  residents,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring caregivers  and  family  members  regarding  the  state  of  the  person  and  care  delivery.  for  examples  of  these  in  relation  to  specific  stakeholder  profiles,  please  see  .  in  this  sense,  all  behavior/activity  and  associated  communications  around  this,  can  be  interpreted  as  a  wellness  signal.  participants  suggested  that  sensors  might  be  used  to  gather  information  about  the  above  signals.  overall,  participants  indicated  that  sensing  might  encompass  three  dimensions.  this  includes:  state  of  resident  health  and  wellness.  state  of  environment  i.e.,  residents  room  and  other  areas  and  associated  implications  for  state  of  person  and/or  activity.  state  of  care  delivery  i.e.,  medications  taken,  activities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  daily  living  adl  support,  level  of  care  contact,  if  report  due.  the  proposed  sensors  measure  a  range  of  signals  that  can  be  sensed.  information  pertaining  to  these  signals  might  be  gathered,  integrated  and  interpreted.  following  this,  relevant  actions  might  be  taken,  either  automatically  i.e.,  at  level  of  roomfor  example,  changes  to  room  temperature,  or  following  review  by  a  person/caregiver  i.e.,  care  provision,  new  care  intervention  etc..  participants  suggested  that  in  relation  to  1  and  3,  information  might  be  communicated  to  caregivers,  who  would  be  responsible  for  taking  remedial  actions  in  relation  to  resident  wellness.  in  relation  to  2,  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  expected  that  this  action  would  be  automated  i.e.,  change  room  temperature  etc..  furthermore,  information  gleamed  from  sensors  in  relation  to  1  and  2  might  then  be  corelated,  and  changes  made  at  the  level  of  2  and  3.  the  outcome  of  such  actions  might  also  be  monitored  to  assess  if  the  intervention  is  successful,  or  if  further  interventions  and/or  health  assessments  and  associated  changes  to  care  plans  are  required.  participants  suggested  a  range  of  high  level  goals  for  the  technology.  these  are  detailed  in  below.  highlevel  technology  goals.  the  application  of  passive  technology  i.e.,  passive  sensors  in  beds  and  activity
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  sensors  to  monitor  resident  safety,  prevent  falls  and  raise  alarms  was  welcomed  by  all.  further  participants  noted  that  they  wander  management  technology  i.e.,  door  sensors  and  sensors  in  the  environment,  would  be  acceptable,  if  this  meant  that  they  could  move  around  freely.  participants  liked  the  idea  that  from  a  resident  perspective,  much  of  the  technology  might  be  happening  in  the  background  i.e.,  bed  sensors  and  sensors  on  windows/doors.  all  participants  emphasized  the  importance  of  upholding  resident  rights  and  dignity.  it  was  agreed  that  personal  and  medical  information  should  be  protected.  critically,  this  information  should  not  be  shared  with  others
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring without  permission.  one  of  the  key  issues  reported  by  all  participants,  is  that  the  introduction  of  this  technology  may  lead  to  a  a  reduction  in  human  contact,  and  b  inferior  quality  care.  all  participants  highlighted  the  importance  of  in  person  care  i.e.,  person  to  person  communication.  as  stated,  it  is  important  to  maintain  the  human  element  of  care.  this  is  characterized  by  human  presence,  responsive  communication  and  empathetic  communication.  it  was  noted  that  if  monitoring  is  automated,  and  in  person  contact  mostly  initiated  by  electronic  help  requests,  then  this  might  become  quite  isolating  for  residents.  for  example,  it  might  result
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  situations  where  residents  only  receive  inperson  contact  if  they  request  contact/help.  one  of  the  benefits  of  such  a  system  is  that  it  might  be  used  to  build  a  picture  of  what  is  normal  for  a  person  i.e.,  baseline  context,  so  that  any  changes  from  this  baseline  might  be  easily  flagged  and  interpreted  by  caregivers.  for  example,  over  time,  the  system  i.e.,  triangulation  from  sensors,  nurse  reports,  resident  surveys  might  build  a  picture  of  a  persons  typical  sleep  patterns  i.e.,  two  bed  exits  during  the  night,  and  6  h  sleep.  caregivers  also  reported  concerns  about  staff  being  monitored  i.e.,  room
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensors.  also,  it  was  observed  that  although  the  intention  might  be  to  enable  more  time  for  person  centered  care,  over  time,  this  technology  might  be  used  to  reduce  staffing  numbers/costs.  general  existing  sensors  may  be  simplistic  in  their  software  and  data  capabilities,  requiring  more  analysis  to  be  done  by  the  platform.  newer  sensors  may  be  intelligent,  with  their  own  machine  learning  algorithms  running  on  the  edge,  sending  more  robust  information  rather  than  just  data  to  the  platform.  for  example,  a  simple  door  sensor  may  send  an  event  when  the  state  changes  between  open  and  closed.  more  intelligent  sensors  such  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smart  shoe  sensors  or  thermal  cameras  that  identify  people,  position,  and  falls  will  have  applications  and  potentially  machine  learning  on  the  devices  themselves.  as  such,  they  do  not  send  the  raw  data  from  the  sensors,  but  rather  the  output  of  running  that  data  through  the  application.  sensors  and  monitoring  resident  presence  sensors  can  be  combined  with  other  sensors  to  provide  greater  awareness  as  to  the  residents  state.  for  example,  when  combined  with  the  bed  and  light  sensors,  it  is  possible  to  detect  that  the  resident  has  woken  up  and  is  moving  around  the  room.  this  information  can  be  used  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring automatically  trigger  the  lighting  systems  to  switch  on  to  prevent  the  resident  from  stumbling  over  furniture.  combined  with  the  door  sensor,  it  is  possible  to  detect  when  someone  enters  or  exits  the  room.  this  information  can  be  used  to  monitor  time  outdoors.  furthermore,  if  the  resident  is  at  risk  of  wandering  to  an  unsafe  area,  we  can  notify  a  caregiver  and/or  lock  specific  access  points.  moreover,  in  combination  with  using  machine  learning,  we  can  track  and  monitor  the  activity  habits  of  the  resident  and  notify  the  care  team  if  the  amount  of  activity  has  decreased  i.e.,  if  the  resident  spends
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  lot  more  time  in  a  sedentary  position,  for  example,  sitting  and  watching  tv.  a  pressure  sensor  can  be  used  to  measure  activity,  specifically  when  combined  with  presence  and  bed  sensors.  bed  sensors  can  provide  an  accurate  measure  of  sleep  time  and  sleep  interruptions,  which  is  an  essential  indicator  of  resident  wellbeing.  using  machine  learning  we  can  easily  detect  anomalies  on  the  sleep  patterns  i.e.,  time  in  bed  and  interruptions  etc.,  to  identify  the  causes/contributory  factors  to  sleep  disruption,  and  to  make  changes,  so  that  these  problems  are  addressed  before  the  residents  situation  worsens  i.e.,  predictive  risk  management.  furthermore,  over
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring time  and  in  combination  with  machine  learning,  data  from  the  bed  and  presence  sensor  can  be  used  to  understand  when  a  person  usually  goes  to  sleep,  and  how  it  correlates  to  the  quality  of  the  sleep.  using  that  information,  we  can  suggest  the  start  of  a  sundown  routine  that  can  include  soothing  music  and  dimmed  lights  potentially  using  appropriate  colors  to  help  the  resident  stay  in  synch  with  these  cycles.  similarly,  we  can  understand  when  it  is  best  to  start  a  get  up  routine  that  triggers  lighting  at  the  right  time  during  the  sleep  cycle.  door  and  window  sensors  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mostly  used  to  determine  the  state  of  the  room,  but  they  can  also  give  insights  regarding  the  resident  state.  when  combined  with  presence,  the  door  and  window  sensors  can  give  us  an  idea  of  the  level  of  activity  within  the  room,  and  how  the  person  uses  the  space  where  tends  to  spend  timefor  example,  sitting  on  couch  in  living  space,  or  sitting  in  bed.  global  positioning  system  gps  insoles  are  especially  useful  when  the  resident  is  at  risk  of  wandering  or  running  away,  since  it  can  be  used  to  locate  the  resident.  traditionally  health  monitoring  is  performed  by  the  care
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring team  and  recorded  on  paper.  however,  with  more  modern  technology,  a  resident  can  proceed  with  a  selfassessment  and  the  data  is  directly  sent  to  the  system.  this  information  can  also  be  corelated  with  information  other  sensors,  to  inform  resident  wellbeing  assessments.  sensors  and  monitoring  of  the  environment  temperature  sensors  can  be  linked  to  a  humidifier/dehumidifier  to  keep  the  humidity  of  the  room  in  the  optimal  range  for  the  resident.  furthermore,  machine  learning  techniques  can  be  used  in  combination  with  information  from  temperature  and  other  sensors,  to  identify  wellness  patterns  for  example,  the  influence  of  temperature/humidity  on  sleep  patterns.  this  information
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring can  be  used  to  identify  optimum  room  settings  i.e.,  temperature,  heating,  humidity,  which  deliver  the  best  outcome  for  the  resident.  window  and  door  sensors  can  be  linked  to  security  systems  i.e.,  not  have  doors  open  at  night.  window/door  sensors  can  be  linked  to  room  heating  systems,  to  switch  off  heating  when  the  room  is  empty,  or  to  boost  heating  when  a  window  is  open.  when  combined  with  the  presence  sensor,  this  can  be  used  to  obtain  information  about  the  activity  habits  of  the  resident  and  automatically  alert  the  care  team  if  the  amount  of  activity  or  time  indoors  or  outdoors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring decreases.  harmful  gas/c02  sensors  can  be  linked  to  actuators  to  open  the  windows  or  activate  fans  to  clean  the  air  inside.  light  sensors  can  be  used  to  provide  a  good  amount  of  light  through  the  day,  using  it  to  regulate  the  intensity  of  the  light  bulbs  automatically  i.e.,  if  it  is  a  very  dark  day  outside.  this  sensor  can  be  linked  to  a  presence  sensor,  so  that  this  is  only  activated  when  the  resident  is  in  the  room.  on  the  actuator  side,  room  lights  can  be  turned  off  automatically  when  the  resident  leaves  the  room.  further  light  sensors  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring corelated  to  mood  see  next  section.  moreover,  lights  can  be  configured  to  match  the  residents  nighttime/  sundown  routine  i.e.,  slowly  dimming  over  evening.  a  microphone  can  be  used  to  detect  if  the  environment  is  noisy  or  if  there  is  a  sudden  impact  that  can  indicate  a  fall.  it  can  also  be  used  to  infer  mood  based  on  the  speech  patterns  for  example,  detecting  sound/screams  if  the  resident  is  agitated  or  angry..  some  microphone  systems  also  come  with  speakers  for  example,  alexa  or  google  home,  and  can  be  used  to  provide  music,  white  noise  or  other  relaxing  sounds,  if  sub  optimal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mood  states  i.e.,  agitation,  anger  are  detected.  sensors  and  monitoring  of  care  delivery  staff  members  can  swipe  a  card  rfid  when  entering  a  room.  the  system  then  knows  when  they  enter  and  exit  each  room.  this  can  be  used  to  track  how  long  a  person  has  been  visited  for  and  when  correlated  with  other  sensors,  it  can  be  used  to  measure  the  impact  of  this  visit  on  the  residents  wellbeing.  in  addition  to  the  benefits  for  the  resident,  this  also  provide  metrics  for  the  care  team  that  can  help  them  optimize  their  time  and  provide  better  care.  all  participants  stated
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  the  tablet  solution  would  need  to  be  very  simple  i.e.,  not  providing  too  many  options  and/or  too  much  information  and  should  adapt  to  age  related  changes.  it  was  also  noted  that  many  people  in  residential  care  have  early  cognitive  decline  and/or  dementia.  as  such,  their  ability  to  interact  with  tablet  systems  might  be  limited.  it  was  suggested  that  relevant  tablet  solutions  might  provide  visual  feedback  as  to  the  wellness  state  of  the  resident.  this  would  be  useful  for  both  residents,  caregivers  and  family  members.  the  technical  architecture  should  support  enterprise  level  scalability  i.e.,  there  may  be  hundreds  of  thousands
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  active  daily  users  in  a  single  region.  the  platform  should  be  able  to  abstract  information  from  any  sensor.  both  customers  highlighted  the  importance  of  a  stable  and  reliable  platform.  the  sensors  should  report  to  local  iot  gateways  and  report  back  to  a  cloudhosted  platform.  it  was  suggested  that  the  sensors  need  to  be  wifi  enabled  and  easily  connect  to  the  facilities  wifi  network,  with  very  little  bandwidth  requirements.  as  stated,  wifi  allows  for  easy  retrofitting,  as  opposed  to  wired  which  requires  running  cables  which  is  both  expensive  and  difficult  when  residents  are  in  situ  in  rooms.  if  using  wifi,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  reliable/robust  backup  solution  is  required  i.e.,  backup  is  required  to  ensure  continuity  in  situations  where  the  wifi  fails.  furthermore,  it  was  recommended  that  all  analytics  and  ai  algorithms  be  built  into  the  cloud  application  service.  although  it  is  possible  to  do  analytics  on  the  edge  i.e.,  locally,  and  this  approach  is  likely  to  be  adopted  in  the  future,  this  technology  is  currently  not  stable  enough.  all  resident  data  should  be  protected  and  conform  to  relevant  jurisdictions  data  protection  guidelines.  it  was  recommended  to  utilize  the  existing  power  connections  for  the  traditional  pir  passive  infrared  sensor,  hence  minimizing  installation  time
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  requiring  no  additional  power  connections.  the  platform  for  detecting  movement  needs  to  be  very  accurate.  in  relation  to  movement,  it  requires  a  base  algorithm  that  caters  for  all  movement  patterns  and  a  variety  of  positions,  postures  and  sizes/types.  specifically,  the  sensor  needs  to  be  able  to  detect  different  positionsfor  example,  standing,  sitting  and  sleeping  positions.  also,  it  needs  to  detect  a  hunched  adult,  a  short  adult,  and  adults  with  parkinsons  disease  and/or  any  other  movement  inhibiting  conditions.  machine  learning  should  be  used  to  refine  algorithms.  as  reported  by  participants,  digital  transformation  is  process  transformation.  this  must  be  acceptable  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care  staff  at  the  residential  home  and  staff  must  be  trained  in  relation  to  new  ways  of  working  and  the  associated  use  of  new  technologies  as  part  of  care  delivery.  overall,  participants  proposed  that  the  minimum  requirement  for  this  technology  would  be  to  promote  awareness  about  resident  wellness,  and  to  monitor  and  to  report  on  caregiver  action  to  manage  resident  wellness.  the  primary  objective  is  enable  a  positive  resident  and  caregiver  experience,  as  part  of  this,  to  support  relationshipcentered  care.  accordingly,  a  suite  of  interrelated  technologies  including  tablets,  desktop  applications  and  a  sensor  kit  has  been  advanced  for  older  people
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  other  stakeholders  i.e.,  nurses,  care  assistants,  admissions/administration  personnel  and  family  members,  facilitating  the  gathering,  integration  and  analysis  of  data  across  the  three  sensing  dimensions.  this  includes  1  the  resident  and  resident  wellness,  2  the  residents  environment,  and  3  care  delivery.  tablet  and  desktop  solutions  have  been  advanced  for  a  residents,  b  care  givers,  c  family  members  and  d  other  actors  for  example,  maintenance  personnel,  concierge,  entertainment  coordinator,  to  enable  all  actors  participate  in  care.  for  more  information,  please  see  .  in  relation  to  a,  as  every  resident  is  unique  and  has  specific  requirements  and  abilities,  needs  assessment  and  customization
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  the  first  step  in  relation  to  the  implementation  of  the  solution  for  individual  residents.  during  admissions,  the  resident  chooses  what  functions  are  available  on  the  tablet,  and  how  they  appear  on  the  user  interface.  furthermore,  the  resident  agrees  to  the  sensor  setupopting  in  and  out  of  room  sensors  in  line  with  their  own  preferences.  the  resident  directly  interacts  with  certain  technology  for  example,  the  resident  tablet,  while  other  technology  is  invisible  i.e.,  room  sensors.  specifically,  the  resident  tablet  solution  enables  the  resident  to  complete  reports  in  relation  to  their  wellness,  contact  family  members,  setup  social  activity,  view  their  social/activities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring calendar,  access  entertainment  and  view  health  information.  in  relation  to  b  a  suite  of  tools  for  different  caregivers  doctor,  nurse  and  care  assistant  has  been  introduced.  this  link  to  stakeholder  work  activities  as  part  of  specific  care  processes  including  admissions,  assessments,  care  planning,  daily  care  and  reporting  events.  in  relation  to  c  mobile  solutions  have  been  advanced  to  allow  family  members  to  track  care  and  communicate  with  loved  one  and  care  staff.  as  stated  earlier,  a  core  requirement  is  to  build  a  resident  profile  in  relation  to  1,  2  and  3,  and  to  use  the  technology  tablet  and  sensor  kit,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  actively  manage  and  update  that  profile,  to  optimize  resident  wellness.  resident  profile  information  is  captured  in  the  resident  record.  overall,  the  resident  record  captures  relevant  biopsychosocial  information  about  the  resident  at  different  points  in  the  care  timeline.  this  information  is  derived  both  from  the  resident  i.e.,  inputs  provided  by  the  resident  using  the  tablet,  caregivers  and  other  actors  who  use  additional  tablet  and  desktop  solutions  and  sensors.  the  resident  record  anchors  the  whole  system,  connecting  the  workflows  of  1  preadmissions/admissions,  2  resident,  3  resident  family  members,  4  nursing  staff,  5  care  staff/nurse  assistants,  6  concierge  and  7  other  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring staff.  in  relation  to  the  currency  of  this  information,  a  distinction  is  drawn  between  a  static  information  i.e.,  name,  gender,  age,  interests,  social  profile,  b  dynamic  information  i.e.,  health  profile,  health  assessments,  events  and  activities,  goals  and  education,  club  memberships,  and  c  realtime  information  i.e.,  current  location,  health  status,  mood,  pain,  social  activity,  medication,  food  orders.  below  defines  how  the  resident  profile  and  associated  resident  record  is  used  from  the  perspective  of  care  processes  and  smart  room  technology/sensors.  sensing  framework  and  resident  profile.  the  caredelivery  process  flow  pertains  to  all  three  dimensions  namely,  1  resident  wellness,  2  room  and  broader
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring home  environment,  and  3  care  delivery.  below  provides  an  overview  of  the  overall  process  flow  for  care  delivery.  as  indicated  in  ,  salient  information  pertaining  to  resident  identity  and  health  is  captured  at  the  admissions  stage.  following  relevant  assessments,  and  a  preliminary  transition  period  i.e.,  once  the  resident  has  become  familiar  with  the  new  environment  and  established  a  daily  routine,  the  health  baseline  is  formalized.  this  baseline  concerns  all  three  pillars  of  resident  wellness.  feedback  about  resident  wellness  is  routinely  captured  as  part  of  caregiver  reports,  resident  reports  and  any  reports  from  family  members.  this  feedback  is  also  integrated  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensor  feedback  for  example,  information  about  sleep,  activity  and  any  biomedical  parameters  that  are  being  captured.  caregivers  and  family  members  are  notified,  if  there  is  a  change  from  the  baseline.  this  links  to  specific  care  processes  to  ascertain  the  reasons  for  such  change,  and  what  remedial  action  is  required.  interventions  are  then  made  and  reported  using  tablets.  the  resident  state  is  monitored  to  investigate  whether  the  intervention  was  successful,  and/or  whether  further  interventions  and/or  follow  up  health  assessments  are  required.  this  is  undertaken  in  collaboration  with  the  resident  and  their  family.  depending  on  the  outcome,  there  may  be  a  requirement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  refine  the  baseline,  update  care  plans  and  assign  new  daily  care  tasks.  process  flow  for  monitoring/managing  1  resident  wellness,  2  resident  environment  and  3  care  delivery.  in  relation  to  the  residents  environment,  the  overall  concept  is  to  use  the  sensor  kit  to  a  enable  resident  control  their  room  and/or  b  to  optimize  room  setting  to  the  residents  preferences,  routines  and/or  behaviors.  sensors  are  used  in  the  broader  living  areas,  but  these  simply  record  presence  and  movement,  and  enable  free  movement/access  as  is  appropriate  to  the  residents  profile.  an  example  scenario  is  as  follows:  in  relation  to  1  resident  wellness:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  wellness  report  is  completed  by  the  resident  using  the  tablet  solution  specifically,  the  resident  reports  on  sleep  and  mood  problems;  in  relation  to  2  residents  environment:  the  residents  bed  sensor  indicates  certain  changes  to  sleep  patterns  i.e.,  out  of  bed  more  often  and  less  sleep  time;  in  relation  to  3  care  activity:  the  caregiver  reports  on  resident  rounding  using  the  tablet  solutionnoting  that  the  resident  is  fatigued,  and  that  their  mood  has  worsened;  in  relation  to  2  resident  environment:  the  room  temperature  in  the  room  is  lowered,  and  the  speakers  are  set  up  to  play  calming  music  close  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  residents  sleep  time;  in  relation  to  3  care  activity:  the  nurse  prescribes  daily  physical  and  social  activity  to  address  sleep  feedback  from  the  resident,  nurses  and  sensors,  and  mood  feedback  from  selfreports  and  nurse  observations.  the  nurse  continuously  monitors  feedback  from  1  and  2,  to  see  if  the  residents  sleep  has  improved  and  if  there  is  an  improvement  in  mood.  this  involves  checking  data  in  the  nurse  tablet  pertaining  to  sensors  and  resident  reports,  along  with  an  inperson  conversation  with  the  resident  and/or  their  family.  depending  on  the  outcome,  there  may  need  to  be  further  assessments,  and  potentially  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring change  in  health  baseline.  this  would  trigger  a  new  care  plan,  and  revisions  to  daily  care  tasks  and  associated  reporting  of  daily  care.  the  proposed  technology  has  been  designed  to  support  different  levels  of  intelligence,  which  can  be  1  customized  to  the  requirements  of  the  care  setting,  and  2  incrementally  implemented  as  part  of  a  change  process.  below  presents  the  different  levels  of  wellness  management  intelligence  available.  wellness  management  and  technology  intelligence  levels.  as  indicated  in  below,  a  wellness  indicator  has  been  advanced,  which  provides  feedback  to  different  stakeholders  about  the  highlevel  state  of  the  resident,  in  relation  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring three  wellness  pillars.  the  objective  of  the  indicator  is  to  support:  predictive  risk  managementflag  wellness  problems  so  they  can  be  addressed  early;  staff  briefing  and  handover  in  relation  to  resident  wellnessdaily  summaries;  resident/staff  communication  and  care  delivery;  resident  selfmanagement  of  health  i.e.,  awareness  of  state.  wellness  indicator.  the  symbols  are  designed  to  represent  each  of  the  three  pillarsnamely,  biological,  psychological  and  social.  the  color  coding  on  the  indicator  reflects  a  change  in  state,  in  line  with  the  traffic  lights  system  used  in  aircraft  cockpit  displays.  a  difference  in  color  reflects  the  level  of  change  in  state  for  any  given  pillar,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  the  associated  severity.  ideally,  residents  will  remain  in  the  green,  however,  at  different  times,  one  or  more  pillars  may  be  under  threat  and  displaying  as  either  yellow,  amber  or  red.  the  overall  objective  of  the  indicator  is  to  communicate  to  residents  and  caregivers,  what  the  current  wellness  state  is  and  whether  there  is  a  change  from  normal  i.e.,  the  residents  baseline,  so  that  remedial  action  can  be  taken.  below  demonstrate  the  difference  in  appearance/color  coding  on  the  indicators,  and  the  recommended  wellness  action.  wellness  indicator,  change  in  state  care  actions.  the  above  wellness  indicators  feature  on  relevant  tablet  systems
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  residents,  caregivers  and  family  members.  below  provides  an  example  in  relation  to  the  nurse  tablet  system.  prototype  of  dashboard  of  nurse  tablet  solution  featuring  wellness  indicator.  as  the  physical  hardware  of  different  sensor  types  is  changeable  and  commodity  based,  the  ethos  of  the  product  architecture  is  to  abstract  information  from  any  specific  piece  of  hardware  or  protocol.  the  platform  is  built  with  an  iot  gateway  which  can  receive  data  from  any  sensor  kit  and  stream  this  data  to  the  analytics  platform  in  the  cloud.  below  provides  an  overview  of  the  product  technical  architecture.  highlevel  technical  architecture.  as  indicated  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  data  is  generated  by  the  interrelated  technologies  tablets,  desktop  applications,  and  sensors,  ingested  and  processed  by  the  data  platform,  and  then  made  available  to  the  applications  for  further  use.  the  resident  and  clinician  devices  access  the  senior  living  platform  via  apps  on  the  tablets  and  desktop  machines,  which  generate  events  that  are  processed  by  the  senior  living  platform  to  perform  operational  functions,  but  also  passed  to  the  data  platform  event  hub  for  reporting  and  analytics.  the  iot  sensor  data  is  sent  either  aggregated  or  raw  to  the  iot  hub  and  then  hdinsights  hadoop,  which  is  another  entry  point  into
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  data  platform.  the  iot  and  event  data  is  processed  in  two  key  ways:  run  against  rulesbased  logic  to  assist  with  operational  decisions  in  the  senior  living  applications  processed  and  stored  in  a  data  warehouse  for  reporting  and  heavy  computation  analytics  the  data  platform  is  hosted  in  azure,  so  azure  tools  are  the  default  choice  when  technically  feasible  and  not  costprohibitive.  azure  options  for  handling  the  above  scenarios  include:  azure  hdinsight  for  the  iot  data  processing  ;  azure  databricks  for  combining  the  iot  data  and  application  event  data,  cleaning  it,  and  applying  machine  learning  techniques  ;  stream  analytics  for  realtime
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring analysis  and  pattern  recognition  of  iot  and  event  data  ;  logic  apps  for  rulebased  triggers  back  into  the  senior  living  platform  the  data  from  any  of  these  sources  can  be  returned  as  actionable  information  to  relevant  users,  in  an  easy  to  understand  form,  allowing  for  the  enhanced  provision  of  care  by  giving  the  care  user  access  to  this  information  at  the  point  of  care.  machine  learning  algorithms  deployed  in  a  prediction  engine  can  leverage  the  historical  data  in  the  multiple  storage  sources  to  train  their  models  and  make  decisions  against  the  realtime  data  flowing  in.  these  decisions  are  what  drive
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  smart  capabilities  of  the  system  as  outlined  in  the  sensor  kit  and  sensor  profiles  section.  the  initial  phase  of  the  data  platform  stores  the  data  in  azure  blob  storage  and  a  physical  sql  data  warehouse.  this  enables  traditional  reporting  using  tools  such  as  power  bi  for  staff  and  management  to  perform  recurring  reporting  such  as  daily,  monthly,  and  quarterly  reporting.  the  blob  storage  is  the  source  of  data  for  the  physical  data  warehouse,  but  it  is  combined  with  the  iot  data  stored  in  hdinsight  via  azure  databricks  for  more  complex  analysis.  this  is  stored  in  a  nosql  database  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring made  available  to  the  senior  living  applications.  much  of  the  data  processed  by  the  data  platform  i.e.,  exclusive  of  raw  unstructured  data  consumed  by  sensors  will  be  structured  and  frequently  timeseries,  geospatial,  or  both.  for  instance,  every  event  from  the  senior  living  application  such  as  a  resident  assessment  will  include  a  timestamp  when  the  assessment  is  completed,  the  location  of  the  assessment,  along  with  the  structured  data  documented  in  the  assessment  and  any  unstructured  text  data.  the  data  platform  can  leverage  a  variety  of  machine  learning  techniques  and  tools  based  on  the  sensors  available  and  the  goals  of  the  organization.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  example,  deep  learning  models  and  in  particular,  multitask  learning,  can  be  used  to  assess  fall  risk  on  the  basis  of  wearable  sensor  data  .  however,  not  all  organizations  will  use  wearables  such  as  gps  insoles.  accordingly,  fall  risk  prediction  may  require  the  implementation  of  more  traditional  rulesbased  falls  risk  assessments  including  the  outcomes  of  functional  tests  of  mobility  and  questionnaires  undertaken  in  a  clinical  setting.  as  iot  implementation  depends  on  what  sensors  are  available  to  the  vendor/selected  by  the  vendor,  implementation  is  not  locked  to  a  given  technology.  several  options  are  recommended  for  the  transport  layer  i.e.,  communication  between
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensors  and  iot  hub,  that  is,  layer  4  of  the  open  systems  interconnection  osi  stack  model  .  in  order  of  preference,  this  includes:  thread  i.e.,  openthread  ;  use  of  the  standard  tcp/ip  stack;  radio  frequency  based  i.e.,  zigbee  .  for  the  event  bus,  all  recommended  options  are  based  on  the  concept  of  publish  subscribe  architecture.  in  this  concept,  sensors  publish  the  data,  and  the  iot  hub  subscribes  to  them  and  stores  them.  in  order  of  preference,  the  options  include:  message  queuing  telemetry  transport  mqtt  which  is  the  most  common  industry  standard  ;  google  iot  cloud,  specifically  the  pub/sub  component  ;
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring proprietary  solutions  such  as  pubnub  .  often  vendors  lock  the  access  to  their  iot  event  bus  and  provide  a  gateway  that  stores  the  sensor  data.  in  this  instance,  access  is  provided  via  a  rest  api.  in  such  situations,  the  oneview  iot  hub  can  periodically  poll  the  api  to  gather  new  data.  new  events  are  then  stored  in  the  oneview  database  for  machine  learning  and  further  processing.  this  second  option  lacks  the  realtime  component  of  a  publish  service  bus.  a  common  solution  for  the  lack  of  realtime  is  the  definition  of  alerts  and  registering  webhooks  for  these  alerts,  so  that  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring vendors  hardware  will  proactively  contact  the  iot  hub  when  something  happens  that  requires  realtime  intervention  for  example,  a  door  is  opened,  a  smoke  alarm  is  triggered,  or  a  fall  is  detected.  from  the  perspective  of  data  storage,  almost  any  database  can  be  used.  specific  consideration  is  given  to  what  makes  most  sense  in  terms  of  the  data  analytics  platform.  two  proof  of  concept  poc  implementations  were  undertaken.  the  first  involved  the  creation  of  an  event  bus  that  was  stored  and  registered.  this  was  based  on  knx  hardware  .  the  second  involved  the  application  of  custom  sensors  using  arduino,  tcp/ip,  pubnub
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  firebase.  as  indicated  in  below,  all  user  interactions  are  passed  to  the  data  platform  for  analysis,  alerts  and  reporting.  resident  and  staff  apps  communicate  with  the  restful  api  layer  using  a  https  protocol.  secure  token  service  sts  provides  best  practice  tokenbased  authentication  to  ensure  all  data  in  transit  is  never  accessible.  the  sts  ensures  all  client  to  platform  communication  is  encrypted  and  is  accessible.  this  is  achieved  through  qauth2  and  open  id  connect  token  schemes.  the  api  layer  abstracts  all  apps  from  the  services  and  databases  that  sit  behind  it,  to  ensure  secure  access.  technical  architecture  and  security.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring architecture  that  underpins  the  senior  living  platform  is  designed  to  support  enterprise  level  scalability.  several  elements  of  the  architecture  enable  this.  this  includes  event  sourcing;  automatic  horizontal  scalability;  couchbase  server  read  model,  couchbase  sync  gateway  and  couchbase  lite;  cloud  availability;  network  disruption  on  site.  in  relation  to  1,  event  sourcing  is  used  as  the  primary  data  store.  this  simplifies  data  storage  and  enables  read  models  to  be  built  that  map  directly  to  the  query  needed  by  a  web  or  android  client  application.  this  ensures  that  database  queries  do  not  have  to  be  written  against  third  normal  form  or  eavtype  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring models,  which  often  suffer  under  high  load  or  volume.  instead  a  denormalised  view  of  the  data  is  used.  these  views  can  also  be  rebuilt  as  new  features  are  added.  in  this  way,  the  data  model  can  change  as  new  features  are  added.  in  relation  to  2,  we  leverage  azures  vm  scale  set  capability  along  with  the  deployment  tool  octopus  to  support  autoscaling  to  meet  the  demand  of  peak  times  such  as  shift  changes  and  other  peak  events.  in  relation  to  3,  the  event  sourced  architecture  pushes  all  data  to  a  secondary  nosql  database  called  couchbase  server.  from  here  data  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  grouped  into  a  dedicated  channel  for  each  facility.  couchbase  sync  gateway  is  then  used  to  sync  all  data  related  to  residents  to  all  devices  in  each  facilitys  dedicated  channel.  this  ensures  that  data  is  only  synched  for  all  active  users  in  a  single  facility  to  a  single  device.  the  primary  benefit  of  this  is  that  most  requests  for  data  by  the  care  team  are  made  against  a  local  couchbase  lite  database  on  the  android  device  itself,  rather  than  calling  out  to  the  cloud  each  time.  in  relation  to  4,  the  cloudhosted  solution  requires  no  onsite  changes  to  the  server
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring architecture  and  is  fully  scalable.  built  on  microsoft  azure,  data  is  protected  by  microsofts  comprehensive  security  measures.  several  azure  features  ensure  a  highly  available  platform.  these  include:  zone  redundancy  storage  zrs  ensuring  that  all  data  stored  on  disk  in  our  cloud  is  distributed  across  multiple  zones  in  a  region.  for  sql  database  read  models,  azure  sql  databases  inbuilt  functionality  is  used.  the  azure  load  balancer  is  geo  redundant  within  zone.  each  node  behind  the  load  balancer  sits  inside  a  scaleset  that  ensures  nodes  are  distributed  across  multiple  availability  zones.  access  to  the  oneview  system  is  available  via  web  applications  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring android  apps.  android  apps  are  accessed  via  android  tablet  devices  as  per  agreed  hardware  specifications.  in  relation  to  5,  as  all  state  changes  are  pushed  to  all  facility  devices  in  real  time,  it  is  possible  for  all  staff  to  continue  to  use  the  apps  during  times  of  network  inactivity.  the  objective  of  the  sensor  kit  is  to  track  wellness  indicators,  to  provide  safeguarding  for  the  resident  in  their  living  area,  and  to  provide  predictive  analytics  to  care  teams  based  on  evidence  pertaining  to  the  residents  activity  and  behavior.  a  passive  sensor  solution  forms  part  of  the  residents  environment.  in  terms
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  residents  room,  this  includes  pir  activitybased  sensors,  bed  sensors  and  sensors  on  doors  and  windows.  all  rooms  feature  access  controls  and  intuitive  signage  i.e.,  pictures  of  residents.  smart  lighting/heating  is  used  in  resident  rooms.  emergency  call  buttons  are  located  by  the  residents  bed  and  in  the  bathroom.  pending  resident/family  agreement,  residents  may  wear  gps  insoles  i.e.,  enabling  safe  and  free  movement  where  there  is  a  risk  of  wandering.  these  can  be  tied  into  proximity  locks  at  restricted  areas  i.e.,  depending  on  the  resident  profile/permissions,  the  doors  lock  upon  approach.  digital  signage  is  used  in  communal/social  areas.  sensors  feature
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  all  windows  and  doors  around  the  facility.  realtime  location  systems  rtls  are  also  used  i.e.,  tracking  resident/staff  locations.  machine  learning  is  utilized  to  refine  the  idea  of  what  counts  as  normal  behavior  for  the  resident.  for  example,  an  individual  may  routinely  get  out  of  bed  to  sit  at  the  window  to  pray  at  times  during  the  day,  including  night  time.  machine  learning  would  provide  intelligence  to  ascertain  that  this  is  normal  behavior  for  the  resident,  and  a  notification  does  not  need  to  be  provided  to  caregivers.  however,  for  other  residents,  leaving  the  bed,  and  not  moving  and/or  returning  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  bed  would  generate  a  call  to  action.  lastly,  data  analytics  technology  monitors  and  provides  feedback  about  1  resident  wellness  and  activity  i.e.,  pain,  sleep,  falls,  help  requests,  social  activity,  physical  activity  and  2  staff  activity  i.e.,  providing  metrics  in  relation  to  care  delivery  /responses  and  feedback  about  the  requirements  for  care  assessments  and  revised  care  plans  for  specific  residents.  the  resident  is  assigned  specific  sensor  profiles  at  various  stages  of  the  care  spectrum,  to  ensure  that  the  sensors  are  appropriate  to  their  care  needs.  for  example,  if  a  resident  has  a  history  of  wandering  behavior  and  the  sensors  detect
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  they  are  getting  out  of  their  bed  at  night  and  leaving  their  room,  then  this  would  be  flagged  to  the  care  team  so  that  the  behavior  can  be  addressed  before  it  escalates.  more  general  sensor  profiles  would  address  the  issues  of  falls.  for  example,  at  night,  bed  sensors  and  pirs  can  observe  that  the  resident  has  got  out  of  bed.  this  event  would  turn  on  lowlevel  lighting  to  the  bathroom  to  reduce  the  risk  of  a  fall.  the  bathroom  pir  would  detect  that  the  resident  has  entered  the  bathroom.  if  the  bedroom  pir  and  bed  sensor  do  not  pick
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring up  that  the  resident  has  returned  to  their  bed  within  a  time  parameter,  then  a  notification  can  be  provided  to  caregivers  to  check  if  the  resident  has  fallen.  as  defined  previously,  study  3  has  involved  two  initial  customer  implementations  in  aged  care  settings.  the  first  of  these  i.e.,  customer  1  involves  sensors  and  an  iot  hub.  the  system  incorporates  a  resident  behavior  profiling  monitoring  system  to  be  integrated  with  the  oneview  assisted  living  platform.  resident  behavior  profile  monitoring  is  a  system  of  nonintrusive  room  sensors  which  utilizes  the  latest  in  thermal  sensor  technology  to  monitor  the  individual  behavior  of  each
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring resident.  the  system  continuously  monitors  the  residents  room  for  all  activity.  this  includes  realtime  monitoring  of  the  following  factors:  in  bed  out  of  bed  in  bathroom  falls  multiple  persons  intruder  intelligent  algorithms  analyze  and  learn  pattern  recognition  to  identify  the  position  of  the  resident.  this  enables  live  monitoring  of  physical  activity,  stumbling,  falls,  temperature  changes,  toilet  visits  and  sleepin  patterns.  this  information  is  used  to  identify  hazardous  hotspots  pattern  of  stumbling  or  falls,  so  that  remedial  actions  can  be  taken.  it  is  also  used  to  identify  trends  in  relation  to  room  visits  including  both  care  teams  and  family  members.  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring can  support  analysis  in  relation  to  social  and  care  activity.  in  the  case  of  fall  detection,  short  message  service  sms  alerts  are  provided  to  the  care  team,  so  that  the  resident  obtains  immediate  help.  as  indicated  in  ,  the  three  sensors  i.e.,  the  bed  sensor,  the  room  sensor  and  the  ensuite  sensor  are  hardwired  to  a  local  power  source  5v  dc.  each  sensor  can  either  use  the  wifi  available  or  connect  via  the  local  area  network  lan.  the  iot  gateway  is  located  on  each  floor  and  is  connected  to  the  devices  via  the  same  network  virtual  lan  vlan.  the  iot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring gateway  then  reports  up  to  an  azure  instance  for  reporting  and  management.  for  more  information  on  the  three  sensors,  please  see  .  ,  and  below  provide  examples  of  the  reporting  output.  this  includes  the  dashboard  overview,  sleep  patterns  and  activity  and  hazard  detection.  overview  of  sensor  system.  dashboard  review.  sample  of  sleep  detection.  sample  of  activity  and  hazard  detection.  in  this  instance,  the  customer  has  locked  the  access  to  their  iot  event  bus  i.e.,  they  use  publish/subscribe  internally  and  provide  a  gateway  that  stores  the  sensor  data.  access  is  provided  via  a  rest  api  and  routine  polling  is  required.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring starting  point  for  thinking  about  technology  need  is  the  concept  of  living  at  homealbeit  in  this  case,  the  home  is  a  site  for  care  support  and  involves  community  dwelling.  to  this  end,  it  is  argued  that  the  residents  experience  can  be  understood  and  monitored  from  three  perspectives.  this  includes:  the  state  of  the  resident  considering  the  three  wellness  pillars,  with  a  key  emphasis  on  social  participation  including  the  residents  relationship  with  caregivers,  other  residents  and  family  members.  the  state  of  the  residents  living  environment  i.e.,  room  and  use  of  space  in  residential  care  facility,  and  how  it  is  experienced  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  resident.  the  state  of  care  delivery  i.e.,  whether  the  person  has  received  care/assistance  in  accordance  with  their  care  plan  and  associated  assessments.  as  indicated  in  below,  human/social  communication  underpins  1,  2  and  3;  that  is,  it  is  implicit  in  both  the  1  lived  experience  of  residents  and  2  the  provision  of  care  delivery.  the  proposed  technology  depends  on  this.  implicit  in  1  and  3,  is  the  residents  relationship  with  caregivers,  other  residents  and  family  members  i.e.,  communication  and  social  relationship.  this  follows  from  concepts  of  relational  autonomy,  relationship  centered  care  and  personcentered  care,  as  outlined  previously.  to  this  end,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  proposed  technology  enables  a  residents,  b  family  members  and  c  all  staff  at  the  residential  home  to  be  involved  in  care.  internet  of  things  iot/sensor  based  infrastructures  and  3  structuring  principles.  crucially,  resident  experience  and  staff  professionalism  are  two  sides  of  the  same  coin.  if  resources  are  scarce  and  if  caregivers  are  undervalued  and/or  experiencing  burnout,  then  this  will  have  an  impact  on  care  delivery.  this  in  turn  has  consequences  in  relation  to  resident  experience  and  resident  engagement.  to  this  end,  the  proposed  solution  needs  to  be  designed  to  optimize  the  experience  of  both  residents  and  caregivers.  from  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring residents  perspective,  it  needs  to  enable  autonomy,  social  participation  and  quality  of  life.  from  a  caregiver  perspective,  it  needs  to  support  care  delivery  addressing  issues  pertaining  to  workload  management,  teamwork,  burnout,  compassion  fatigue  and  establishing  a  rapport  with  residents.  primarily,  the  facility  needs  to  be  a  home.  it  needs  to  be  a  place  where  residents  thrive  as  opposed  to  decline.  to  do  this,  there  must  be  opportunities  for  purposeful  activity,  personal  growth  i.e.,  learning  new  things,  participating  in  new  activities,  exercising  personal  choice,  and  strengthening  of  social  relationships.  moreover,  facilities  need  to  address  potential  resident  and  family  concerns  comprehensively  regarding
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  potential  for  loss  of  independence,  encroachments  on  privacy,  imposed  routines  and  the  potential  for  neglect.  moreover,  older  adults  have  real  fears  about  being  monitored  i.e.,  this  includes  both  under  monitoring  and  over  monitoring.  this  is  specifically  salient  in  relation  to  the  introduction  of  new  technologies  i.e.,  permission  for  sensors,  control  over  what  information  is  shared  with  others  and  issues  pertaining  to  a  reduction  in  human  contact.  wellness  reporting  needs  to  consider  multiple  perspectivesincluding  that  of  the  person,  family,  caregivers  and  any  information  gathered  from  environmental  and  health  sensors.  as  such,  the  proposed  technology  needs  to  be  able  to  integrate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  outputs  of  diverse  reports,  so  that  an  overall  assessment  of  resident  wellness  is  provided.  further,  the  care  process  does  not  end  at  the  assessment  of  wellness.  caregivers  mush  choose  an  appropriate  action  based  on  this  assessment.  furthermore,  all  actions  need  to  be  monitored  and  evaluated,  to  determine  whether  the  intervention  is  successful.  this  links  into  the  overall  care  lifecyclenamely,  establishing  baseline,  assessments,  care  planning  and  daily  care.  as  we  age  there  is  a  potential  risk  in  relation  to  loss  of  identity.  this  is  in  part  attributed  to  the  inevitable  experience  of  change  i.e.,  physical  and  cognitive  and  loss  which
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring accompanies  ageing.  for  example,  aging  can  result  in  a  loss  of  a  role  for  example,  as  a  spouse,  which  may  have  been  central  to  the  older  persons  identity  .  this  in  turn  can  involve  a  confusion  about  ones  social  role  and  often  a  sense  of  loss  of  continuity  to  ones  personality  .  however,  loss  of  identity  is  also  linked  to  ageism  i.e.,  older  persons  perceived  as  having  a  lesser  value  and  reduced  capacity  as  they  age.  questions  of  identity  can  be  conceptualized  on  three  levels.  that  is,  in  relation  to  a  persons  1  profile  i.e.,  whom  am  i  now,  2
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring voice  i.e.,  role  in  decision  making,  user  control  and  rights,  and  3  social  participation  i.e.,  being  part  of  a  community  and  having  a  role/purpose.  interestingly,  there  is  a  strong  relationship  between  1  a  persons  profile,  2  their  voice  and  3  social  participation.  to  participate  socially,  a  person  requires  an  identity  whom  and  i,  which  they  can  advocate  for  have  a  voice/autonomy.  if  the  proposed  technology  is  to  have  a  value  for  older  people  and  society  more  broadly,  it  must  directly  address  issues  around  identity  and  identity  preservation.  arguably,  the  proposed  technology  promotes  identity  on  all  three  levels.  the  resident  profile
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring provides  a  picture  of  who  the  person  is  and  what  matters  to  them.  this  is  supplanted  with  information  about  lived  experience  and  state  framed  from  a  biopsychosocial  perspective.  that  is,  what  the  person  is  doing  now,  how  they  feel  and  health  status.  the  technology  is  underpinned  by  a  rights  base  framework  and  concepts  of  user  control  i.e.,  the  person  opts  in/out  of  sensors  and  has  control  of  their  own  information.  lastly,  the  technology  promotes  social  participationboth  within  the  residential  home  and  with  the  broader  community.  the  advancement  of  assistive  technology  raises  overarching  questions  in  relation  to  the  values  of  society
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  how  we  design  technology  to  1  promote  positive  values  about  ageing  and  2  enhance  ageing  experience.  specifically,  it  raises  fundamental  questions  in  relation  to  the  meaning  of  care  and  the  role  of  people  and  technology  in  delivering  care.  this  includes  questions  about  what  value  we  place  on  promoting  autonomy  and  social  participation  for  older  people,  protecting  the  personal  sphere,  and  the  importance  of  the  human  role  in  care  including  family  involvement.  we  should  not  proceed  with  this  technology  because  it  is  available.  critically  the  human  dimensions  and  care  implications  of  this  technology  must  be  carefully  considered.  decision  making  regarding
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring technology  need  and  implementation  must  start  from  a  principled  basis.  specifically,  technology  might  enable  a  situation  where  older  people  have  quality  care,  have  a  voice/autonomy,  where  their  privacy  is  respected,  and  where  older  people  are  proactive  about  enablement  and  social  participation.  in  terms  of  care  homes,  the  technology  might  enable  care  homes  to  be  properly  integrated  in  the  community.  furthermore,  the  technology  might  enable  all  staff  in  the  care  home  to  be  involved  in  care,  aswell  as  families  if  they  so  choose.  overall  the  technology  needs  to  reflect  a  careful  balance  between  optimizing  the  ability/strengths  of  the  person  while  considering
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  needs  and  workload  of  caregivers.  certain  information  can  be  effectively  gathered  using  sensors  and  resident  feedback  systems  i.e.,  surveys.  this  will  allow  more  time  for  in  person/communications.  in  this  way,  technology  mediated  care  can  be  relationship  centered.  importantly,  this  technology  will  not  replace/supplant  the  need  for  person  to  person  contact.  it  is  argued  that  relationship  centered  care  provides  the  framework  for  thinking  about  care,  societal  values  and  the  technology  role.  future  iot  and  sensorbased  infrastructures  needs  to  consider  both  1  the  resident  and  2  enabling  positive  relationships  and  communications  between  residents  and  other  stakeholders.  the  achievement  of  benefits  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring relation  to  resident  experience  is  dependent  on  situating  technology  development  in  the  context  of  enabling  and  fostering  these  relations.  in  this  regard,  the  introduction  of  aal  technology  serves  to  promote  conversations  about  ageing  experience,  care  for  older  people  and  what  is  acceptable.  specifically,  new  aal  technology  can  pave  the  way  for  improving  the  lived  experience  of  older  people.  in  this  sense,  the  proposed  technology  might  both  enable  and  transform  societal  values  concerning  ageing  and  care  for  older  people.  currently,  this  technology  is  being  implemented  at  two  customer  sites.  in  relation  to  the  first  site,  the  proposed  technology  has  just  been
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring installed  and  implementation  feedback  is  pending.  in  relation  to  the  second  site,  the  technology  has  not  yet  been  installed.  in  both  cases,  follow  up  human  factors  research  will  be  undertaken  to  assess  the  lessons  learned  from  the  initial  implementation.  it  is  anticipated  that  this  will  provide  additional  insight  as  to  what  is  acceptable  to  end  users,  how  the  technology  is  used  in  real  operations,  and  usability  issues.  moreover,  it  will  provide  information  regarding  challenges  at  an  organizational  level  including  process  change,  resourcing  and  capacity  and  cultural  issues  and  technical  challenges.  this  feedback  is  necessary  to  validate  the  proposed  solution/product  concept.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  noted  previously,  this  is  an  action  research  study.  in  relation  to  study  1a,  the  initial  requirements  elicitation  and  codesign  activities  have  focused  primarily  on  the  resident  solution.  solutions  for  other  stakeholders  i.e.,  nurses,  care  assistants  and  family  members  have  been  addressed  in  relation  to  providing  resident  benefits.  these  solutions  require  additional  definition.  certain  limitations  in  relation  to  the  participant  panel  should  also  be  noted.  in  relation  to  study  1a,  the  participant  panel  did  not  include  older  persons  domiciled  in  residential  homes.  nurses  and  family  members  provided  indirect  feedback  in  relation  to  the  perspective  of  such  residents.  furthermore,  the  participant
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring panel  in  study  1b,  included  patients  domicile  at  a  postacute  care  service.  additional  research  is  required  with  older  adults  with  diverse  age  related  physical,  sensory  and  cognitive  challenges.  it  is  anticipated  that  this  will  be  undertaken  as  part  of  the  customer  implementation  evaluation.  currently,  considerable  research  is  underway  in  relation  to  the  application  of  voice  interaction,  for  the  resident  tablet  solution.  it  is  anticipated  that  this  simplifies  user  interaction  for  older  adults,  including  older  adults  with  vision  issues  and/or  issues  with  manual  dexterity  for  example,  hand  stiffness  and/or  hand  tremors.  at  a  technical  level,  research  is  also  addressing  issues  pertaining
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  decentralizing  iot  networks  and  moving  functionality  to  the  edge.  potentially,  this  will  involve  the  application  of  fogcomputing  models  where  iot  hubs  are  responsible  for  timecritical  operations,  while  cloud  servers  take  responsibility  for  data  gathering  and  analysis.  staff  training  is  a  key  focus  of  the  implementation  plan.  as  noted  previously,  caregivers  expressed  a  strong  concern  over  the  implications  of  this  new  technology  for  personcentered  care.  this  is  particularly  salient  in  relation  to  staff  usage  of  tablets  while  in  the  residents  room.  it  is  important  that  staff  maintain  eye  contact  and  that  the  device  does  not  negatively  impact  on  resident/caregiver  contact.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  is  anticipated  that  best  practices  will  be  established  as  part  of  the  implementation  program.  that  is,  staff  will  provide  feedback  as  to  how  this  is  working  in  practice,  and  work  together  in  relation  to  establishing  usage  protocols.  furthermore,  it  is  anticipated  that  this  may  also  yield  user  interface  design  recommendations  for  specific  care  reporting  forms.  for  example,  certain  changes  may  be  required  in  relation  to  the  layout  and  workflow  for  daily  care  and  medications  reporting  forms,  to  ensure  that  staff  can  easily  interact  with  residents  and  maintain  eye  contact,  while  at  the  same  time  interacting  with  the  tablet  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring check  resident  information  and/or  report  on  care.  this  research  provides  a  roadmap  for  the  implementation  of  future  aal  technology  including  sensorbased  infrastructures  in  assisted  living  contexts.  for  assisted  living  facilities  to  be  a  home,  we  need  to  consider  both  the  resident  and  the  caregiver  experience,  and  the  allied  technology  requirements  for  each.  residential  care  facilities  should  provide  a  compassionate,  social  and  ethical  resident  experience.  furthermore,  they  should  provide  a  positive  experience  for  caregivers.  the  digital  transformation  of  certain  care/clinical  workflows  offers  opportunities  to  enhance  care  quality,  resident  safety  and  resident/caregiver  interaction.  overall,  the  requirements  for  new  aal  technology  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring conceptualized  on  three  related  levels.  this  includes  the  state  of  person,  the  state  of  the  home/environment,  and  the  state  of  care  delivery.  the  question  of  technology  goes  beyond  tablets  and  sensors.  it  pertains  to  people,  social  participation,  community  dwelling,  and  care  delivery  experiences.  future  aal  technology  should  be  premised  on  biopsychosocial  models  of  wellness,  concepts  of  home  and  support  relationships  between  older  adults  and  members  of  the  personal  and  professional  community.  the  proposed  technology  affords  the  possibility  for  improved  social  relationships,  enhanced  wellbeing,  better  quality  of  care,  and  independence.  however,  such  technologies  require  careful  consideration  in  relation  to  adapting  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring age/condition  and  managing  issues  pertaining  to  resident  consent,  privacy  and  human  contact.  the  authors  wish  to  thank  oneview  healthcare  for  funding  this  study.  overview  of  study  1a  research  phases  and  activities.  overview  of  study  1a  methods.  overview  of  study  1a  methods.  examples  of  wellness  communication.  overview  of  solutions  for  different  stakeholders.  overview  of  room  sensors.  conceptualization,  j.c.,  s.m.,  r.p.,  s.w.;  methodology,  j.c.,  s.m.;  software,  r.p.,  s.w.;  validation,  r.p.,  s.w.;  formal  analysis,  j.c.,  s.m.,  n.n.;  investigation,  j.c.,  r.p.,  n.n.;  data  curation,  j.c.,  s.m.,  n.n.;  writingoriginal  draft  preparation,  j.c.;  writing,  j.c.,  s.m.,  r.p.;  b.h.;  visualization,  j.c.,  s.m.,  r.p.,  b.h.;  project  administration,  j.c.,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mistral  provides  an  environment  of  mutual  trust,  respect  and  teamwork  whereevery  individual  can  do  their  best  and  provide  excellent  service  to  our  customers.  the  internet  of  things  is  not  just  a  futuristic  vision  of  a  better  connected  world;  it  is  already  here,  giving  healthcare  providers  an  unprecedented  level  of  technology  interoperability  and  flexibility.  iotenabled  systems  like  health  monitoring  device  designs  can  radically  reduce  costs  and  improve  health  with  improvement  of  care.  advanced  wireless  sensors  and  connectivity  technology  allows  devices  to  collect,  record  and  analyze  data  at  the  click  of  a  mouse  or  a  swipe  of  the  finger.  the  automation  involved
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  gathering  data  from  such  health  and  wellness  device  designs  or  health  monitoring  device  designs  reduces  risk  of  error  and  time  which  can  potentially  be  useful  in  saving  lives.  the  application  of  iot  in  healthcare  can  improve  the  access  of  care  to  people  in  remote  locations  or  to  those  who  are  incapacitated  to  make  frequent  visits  to  the  hospital.  it  can  also  enable  the  prompt  diagnosis  of  medical  conditions  by  measuring  and  analyzing  a  patients  parameters.  the  treatment  administered  can  also  be  improved  by  studying  the  effect  of  a  therapy  on  the  patients  vitals.  one  such  concept  is  the  medical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring body  area  network  mban  which  refers  to  health  and  wellness  device  designs  orhealth  monitoring  device  designs  that  actively  monitor  the  human  bodys  vital  signs  e.g.:  heartbeat,  temperature  and  blood  pressure  and  communicates  wirelessly  with  a  single  body  central  unit  bcu  using  wireless  protocols.  glucometers  one  among  the  many  health  and  wellness  device  designs  connected  to  a  mobile  application  source:ihealth.com  the  latest  debuted  iphone6  from  includes  a  new  health  and  wellness  device  designs  and  associated  tool  for  developers  called  healthkit.  with  such  features,  connected  medical  technology  can  now  literally  be  at  ones  finger  tips.  for  the  health  app,  apple  is  looking
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring at  integrating  emergency  contact  cards  with  information  like  blood  type,  food  allergies  etc.,  which  will  be  accessible  in  emergency  situations.  other  features  of  thesehealth  and  wellness  device  designs  include  monitoring  everything  from  the  users  heart  rate  to  his  or  her  chronic  conditions.  it  also  provides  connectivity  to  third  party  fitness  devices  and  applications  like  nike  or  fitbit  which  has  the  ability  to  collect  information  like  heart  rate,  footsteps  and  sleep  activity.  iot  has  been  gaining  a  lot  of  interest  among  healthcare  providers  in  india  as  well.  a  recent  report  from  the  economic  times,  mentions  how  leading  hospitals  in  the  country
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  now  using  iot  to  improve  the  quality  of  healthcare  they  provide  to  their  patients.  bangalorebased  manipal  hospital  give  expecting  mothers  a  wearable  device  which  when  paired  with  a  mobile  phone  application  gives  realtime  information  on  the  fetal  heart  rate,  expecting  mothers  blood  pressure  and  other  relevant  data  to  the  hospital  information  system  which  can  use  automated  tools  to  highlight  any  anomalies.  these  health  monitoring  device  designs  can  also  alert  doctors  who  can  immediately  initiate  further  tests  to  check  for  potential  critical  conditions  like  hellp  syndrome  which  is  difficult  to  diagnose  but  which  can  lead  to  fatalities.  in  the  us,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring electronic  health  monitoring  device  designs  has  been  given  the  goahead  by  the  fcc.  fcc  allows  the  use  of  allotted  frequencies  for  sensors  to  control  devices  wirelessly  in  the  monitoring  of  health  at  hospitals  and  homes.  such  health  monitoring  device  designs  allow  doctors  to  inform  their  patients  of  critical  conditions  before  they  happen  and  subsequently  improves  the  quality  of  healthcare.  there  are  many  iotenabled  health  and  wellness  device  designs  and  health  monitoring  device  designs  which  have  already  hit  the  market  and  which  will  be  hitting  the  market  soon.  examples  are:  infant  monitors  which  send  parents  realtime  data,  wireless  capsule  endoscopy  where
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  patient  swallows  a  camera  in  a  pill  that  moves  through  the  gi  tract  taking  pictures.  smart  pill  is  a  similar  example  which  is  an  ingestible  sensor  that  records  various  physiological  measures.  novartis  is  partnering  with  google  to  develop  a  type  of  contact  lens  which  will  help  monitor  the  blood  glucose  level  patients  suffering  from  diabetes.  wearable  and  ingestible  sensors  that  work  together  to  gather  information  about  medicationtaking,  activity  and  rest  patterns  source:  proteus  digital  health  elderly,  home  bound  patients  and  differently  abled  people  are  bound  to  see  the  largest  benefit  from  remote  health  monitoring  device  designs  and  assistive  technology
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring designs.  there  are  several  applications  being  developed  that  can  help  such  people  maintain  their  independent  lifestyle  sensors  on  the  person  and  throughout  their  home  can  help  detect  falls,  wandering  and  even  missed  medication.  emergency  call  pendants  can  allow  them  to  call  for  help  when  needed.  a  smart  prescription  bottle  could  alert  the  user  if  a  scheduled  medication  has  been  forgotten.  light  and  sound  reminders  on  the  pill  bottle  cap  to  signal  the  time  for  medications.  inside  the  cap,  a  chip  monitors  when  the  pill  bottle  is  opened  and  wirelessly  relays  alerts  .  source:  vitalityglowcaps.com  the  demand  for  hightech  health  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring device  designs  and  health  and  wellness  device  designs  will  continue  to  grow  dramatically  while  also  driving  creative  and  powerful  deployments  of  devices  based  on  the  internet  of  things.  there  are  foreseeable  issues  with  the  use  of  iot  which  include  standardization,  scalability  and  security,  but  these  are  minor  issues  when  compared  to  the  advantages  connected  technologies  offer  the  healthcare  segment.  published  inee  times  india  the  internet  of  things  is  able  to  connect  with  the  internet  through  the  devices.  it  is  really  growing  and  affecting  our  personal  life  and  the  business  as  well.  it  is  also  helpful  in  the  health  sector  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring well.  so  adapt  it  and  take  the  advantages  of  it.  infant  monitors  which  send  parents  realtime  data,  wireless  capsule  endoscopy  where  the  patient  swallows  a  camera  in  a  pill  that  moves  through  the  gi  tract  taking  pictures.  what  is  health  and  wellness?  wellbeing  and  health  is  a  procedure  of  accomplishing  ones  close  to  home  best  condition  of  mental  and  physical  being.  eating  well  sustenances,  for  example,  vegetables  and  lean  protein  and  keeping  up  a  functioning  way  of  life  contribute  fundamentally  to  ones  condition  of  wellbeing  and  health.  be  that  as  it  may,  growing  great  eating  and  exercise  propensities  are  only
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  piece  of  the  procedure.  to  accomplish  a  full  condition  of  health,  one  must  address  the  social,  enthusiastic,  profound  and  word  related  variables  that  add  to  ones  condition  of  being.  this  can  frequently  include  characterizing  objectives  and  rolling  out  dynamic  improvements  in  a  singles  activity,  day  by  day  normal  and  then  some.  online  health  and  wellness  courses  and  programs  find  online  wellbeing  and  nourishment  courses  in  a  wide  assortment  of  subjects  from  eating  right  and  practicing  to  understanding  the  science  behind  carrying  on  with  a  cheerful  life.  the  internet  of  thing  is  very  important  for  us.  and  we  use  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring best  system  to  use  good  information  and  i  use  the  printer  in  the  system  and  if  i  have  any  issue  with  printer  then  go  to  the  technical  support  to  solve  the  problem  which  is  really  helpful  for  us.  required  fields  are  marked  copyright  2018  mistral  solutions  pvt.  ltd.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  internet  of  things  for  healthcare  and  wellness  will  provide  hospitals  with  huge  benefits.  in  this  post,  we  examine  advantages  of  iot  for  the  industry.  healthcare,  more  than  any  other  industry,  has  been  underperforming  in  the  last  5  years.  to  start  with,  hospitals  all  over  the  world  are  understaffed.  finding  enough  professionals  to  cater  to  patients  needs  for  continuous  care  is  difficult,  and  paying  additional  doctors  would  leave  treatment  centers  with  no  funding  left  over.  another  challenge  not  yet  tackled  is  how  hospitals  can  find  enough  space  for  the  sick  or  severely  injured  in  emergency  and  patient  rooms.  long  hospital
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring stays  keep  hospitals  fully  occupied  to  the  point  that  they  cant  take  new  patients  on  board.  and  when  it  comes  to  interpersonal  skills,  doctorpatient  relationships  are  not  riding  a  progressive  wave  either.  in  britain,  for  instance,  the  state  of  affairs  is  similar  in  other  countries.  there  is  a  way  out.  technology  might  be  the  perfect  solution  for  bringing  doctors  and  patients  closer  together.  according  to  allied  market  research,  investments  into  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  will  increase  up  to  .  how  can  those  in  the  health  industry  stay  up  to  date  on  trends  and  develop  an  iotsolution  for  healthcare?
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring read  on  to  find  out  the  staff  shortage  is  one  the  biggest  and  most  problematic  issues  the  modern  healthcare  industry  faces.  there  just  arent  enough  skilled  doctors,  nurses,  lab  assistants,  and  other  professionals  to  administer  healthcare  to  hundreds  of  patients  every  day.  with  such  a  state  of  things,  automation  via  the  internet  of  things  and  healthcare  does  sound  like  good  news.  while  were  still  too  far  from  having  a  humanoid  ai  doctors  treating  patients  independently,  iotconnected  devices  like  the  have  already  been  used  to  transport  lab  results  and  specimens.  sometimes  the  cost  of  just  getting  to  see  a  doctor  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hold  a  sick  person  back.  add  to  this  factor  in  the  lack  of  time  due  to  commuting,  and  youll  get  a  fair  share  of  people  who  are  not  getting  proper  healthcare  simply  because  getting  to  hospitals  is  complicated.  with  the  iot  and  healthcare,  patients  no  longer  have  to  leave  their  home  and  put  their  jobs  on  hold  or  spend  a  ton  of  time  just  to  get  to  the  hospital.  with  remote  patient  monitoring  tools  or  a  smart  telehealth  tool  for  smartphones,  wed  be  literally  fighting  spacetime.  a  patient  can  perform  a  routine  test  following  a  set  of  instructions  and  send
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  realtime  data  over  to  a  professional.  looking  for  a  professional  help  to  develop  your  project?  check  our  internet  of  things  development  services  to  see  what  we  can  do  for  you.  up  until  now,  the  system  of  medical  information  storage  has  made  quite  a  bit  of  progress.  weve  come  from  storing  paper  records  to  digitizing  patient  information  as  well  as  scans  including  xrays,  ecgs,  mris,  etc.  with  the  aging  population,  the  governments  of  most  countries  have  to  be  concerned  with  having  to  treat  a  lot  of  elderly  patients.  however,  to  make  this  an  easier  task  for  the  healthcare  industry,  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring makes  sense  to  use  the  benefits  of  using  internet  of  things  in  healthcare.  producing  and  distribution  of  drugs  is  a  major  expense  when  it  comes  to  the  healthcare  industry.  a  prescription  can  be  written  by  a  physician  and  sent  over  to  the  pharmacy  via  a  connected  iotdevice.  the  internet  of  things  allows  automating  all  steps  of  administering  drugs,  which  include  creating,  filling,  and  delivering  prescriptions.  it  will  also  cut  the  level  of  unprescribed  drug  management  and  decrease  the  fatality  rate  connected  to  the  case.  its  considered  a  fact  by  many  that  the  maintenance  of  iot  in  healthcare  industry  procedures  would
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ultimately  cost  more  than  simply  staffing  the  hospital.  while  that  might  be  the  case  for  providers  hiring  an  inhouse  team  to  create  new  technology,  with  new  delivery  methods  outsourcing  the  development  of  the  internet  of  things  and  healthcare  advances  to  thirdparty  developers  it  will  actually  cut  development  costs.  every  hospital  on  the  face  of  the  planet  is  looking  forward  to  lowering  its  operating  costs.  for  local  treatment  centers,  evaluating  medical  staff  might  not  be  a  huge  issue.  for  a  big  institution  divided  into  several  departments  and  providing  thousands  of  patients  with  healthcare,  analyzing  the  staffs  performance  is  way  more  challenging.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  internet  of  things  makes  all  of  the  pieces  of  this  puzzle  fit  better  together.  for  instance,  a  smart  iot  roadmap  is  helpful  in  automating  daytoday  operations  and  avoid  bottlenecks.  there  are  hospitals  that  are  actively  using  wireless  cameras  and  connected  wrist  bands  to  make  sure  there  would  be  no  unauthorized  access  into  the  hospital.  these  iot  in  healthcare  advantages  can  prove  useful  as  well  when  evaluating  doctor  performance.  can  check  whether  the  staff  is  in  a  fit  working  condition  as  well  as  control  inventory.  living  with  type  1  diabetes  is  challenging  when  it  comes  to  handling  daytoday  situations.  artificial
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pancreas  system  uses  cgm  sensors  to  measure  and  adjust  insulin  levels.  as  soon  as  the  levels  of  blood  glucose  skyrocket,  it  administers  the  insulin  to  the  patient  and  the  blood  sugar  levels  are  normalized.  the  device  manufacturer  acknowledges,  however,  that  aps  is  not  a  set  and  forget  type  of  device.  while  a  patient  would  still  need  to  actively  manage  their  diabetes,  the  monitoring  will  be  way  easier.  cardiac  diseases  are  among  the  leading  causes  of  death  all  over  the  world.  the  majority  of  these  deaths  occur  due  to  the  lack  of  checkups  people  only  go  to  the  doctor  when  its
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring too  late.  however,  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare  industry  procedures  allows  patients  to  keep  their  cardiac  checkups  under  control.  based  on  this  idea,  our  team  for  the  improved  quality  of  preventive  cardio  medicine.  when  one  records  an  ecg  with  a  portable  recorder,  the  data  transmits  wirelessly  to  a  smartphone  and,  from  there,  to  a  server  where  medical  professionals  can  access  it.  cardiolyse  technology  will  allow  patients  to  understand  the  influence  of  daily  activities  on  their  heart  rate  and  blood  pressure.  finally,  instead  of  treating  heart  disease  based  on  average  data  analytics,  healthcare  professionals  will  provide  patients  with  personalized  treatment.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cancer  treatment  is  another  area  thats  actively  benefiting  the  internet  of  things.  in  fact,  the  tech  team  at  memorial  sloan  kettering  cancer  center  is  already  on  a  wearable  device  to  collect  and  analyze  the  cancer  patient  data.  as  patients  would  be  logging  their  daily  actions,  doctors  will  analyze  them  to  understand  what  triggers  health  changes.  the  implications  of  this  technology  are  huge  and  will  push  cancer  treatment  and  diagnosis  way  forward.  its  no  secret  that  technology  can  influence  and  improve  our  mood.  while  some  of  these  applications  are  temporary  cyber  drugs,  for  instance,  others  can  be  implemented  permanently  and  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring extremely  helpful  in  fighting  depression.  are  headsets  used  to  improve  ones  mood  by  sending  low  currents  to  the  brain.  such  currents  would  augment  the  feeling  of  positivity  and  help  mentally  unstable  patients  get  over  depression.  with  depression  being  a  global  issue  in  all  developed  countries,  international  tech  giants  like  apple  have  chosen  to  step  up  and  join  the  fight.  ,  a  japanese  tech  company,  has  teamed  up  with  apple  to  develop  an  apple  watch  app  that  will  help  to  understand  depression.  the  scope  of  the  app  is  for  sharing  and  analyzing  the  medical  data  from  patients  daily  lives  to  help
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  professionals  make  informed  clinical  decisions.  the  app  has  already  been  tested  in  a  clinical  trial  and  proved  to  be  a  positive  addition  to  understanding  depression.  modernday  healthcare  systems  have  many  issues  to  tackle  high  operating  costs,  difficult  access  to  remote  areas,  low  treatment  efficiency,  etc.  luckily,  the  internet  of  things  for  wellness  would  be  a  major  improvement  in  all  the  areas  listed  above.  if  youre  looking  for  a  team  of  professionals  to  develop  a  solution  using  the  internet  of  things  for  healthcare,  ardas  it  is  the  help  you  need.  our  team  has  years  of  experience  building  smart  apps  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring join  500,000  cb  insights  newsletter  readers  these  internet  of  things  startups  are  operating  on  different  painpoints  in  healthcare  and  allowing  for  realtime  patient  monitoring  and  prevention  care  outside  of  hospital  settings.  start  your  free  trial  today  start  your  free  trial  today  deals  to  digital  health,  an  area  that  encompasseseverything  from  digital  therapeutics  to  health  wearables  and  ingestible  connected  devices,  jumped  in  2015.  investor  interest  in  iot  startups  working  in  healthcare  has  grown  handinhand  with  the  broader  boom  in  digital  health.  increasingly,  internet  of  things  startups  are  finding  new  applications  within  healthcare  and  leveraging  connected  sensors  to  better  diagnose,  monitor,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring manage  patients  and  treatment.  many  are  focused  on  clinicalgrade  wearables  to  more  robustly  track  patient  data,  while  others  see  opportunity  for  sensor  networks  within  hospitals  and  practices  to  optimize  healthcare  delivery  and  monitor  patient  adherence.  we  used  cb  insights  data  to  identify  and  map  private  iot  companies  operating  in  the  healthcare  sector,  in  addition  to  startups  powering  health  and  wellness  related  applications  such  as  sleep,  baby  monitoring,  and  fitness  tracking.  we  detail  the  latest  data  on  financing  and  trends  in  wearable  tech.  note:  click  image  to  enlarge.  we  broke  down  the  healthcare  iot  into  the  following  categories:  this  category  included
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring startups  that  are  using  connected  objects  to  improve  the  delivery  of  healthcare  in  hospitals  and  clinics,  and  also  track  treatments  to  boost  the  effectiveness  of  healthcare  providers.  and  ,  for  example,  enable  smartglass  wearables  like  google  glass  to  be  used  for  healthcare  charting.  and  harnesses  the  apple  watch  for  doctors  to  track  patient  visits  and  access  emrs.  others  like  use  iot  sensors  for  locationtracking  on  patients  and  medical  equipment  in  realtime,  in  what  they  call  locationasaservice.  ,  another  startup  here,  is  a  connected  pill  bottle  that  tracks  medicine  adherence.  companies  here  were  focused  on  connected  biometric  sensors  for  use  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  clinical  or  hospital  setting,  and  some  companies  in  patient  care  such  as  and  have  fda  approval.  ,  ,  and  others  are  developing  clinicalgrade  wearables  that  are  on  the  road  to  fda  approval.  other  clinical  iot  equipment  included  ,a  smart  phoneenabled  autorefractor  for  vision  testing.  this  group  of  companies  develop  technology  marketed  to  consumers  for  the  collection  of  biometric  information.  startups  in  this  space  range  from  addiction  cessation  tracker  to  the  smart  thermometer  made  by  .  also  included  were  monitoring  systems  like  and  ,  whichallow  for  ecg  electrocardiogram  testing  to  be  done  from  home.  this  was  mostly  comprisedof  startups  trying
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  hack  the  brain  with  hightech  consumertargeted  cranial  wearables.  and  with  its  brainsending  headband,  marketed  as  museread  brainwaves,  and  transmits  moodelevating  neurosignals.  others,  such  as  ,  are  more  clinicalgrade  projects  focused  on  noninvasive  neurotech  brain  wave  reading/recording  in  order  to  analyze  drug  efficacy  and  track  neuropathology.  neurovigil  raised  a  q215  series  a  from  draper  fisher  jurvetson  and  entrepreneur  elon  musk,  among  other  investors.  these  werefitness  tracking  consumer  wearables  orsmart  apparel  such  as  and  .  companies  here  were  focused  specifically  on  sleep  tracking.  two  examples  in  the  space  included  and  .  wearable  technology  that  tracks  infant  movements  and  vitals.companies  here  included
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  ,  among  others.  see  the  full  list  below:  want  more  data  on  top  healthcare  or  iot  startups?  check  out  our  below.  see  the  trends  poised  to  reshape  industries  inthe  coming  year.  start  your  free  trial  today  start  your  free  trial  today
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring since  we  launched  the  personal  connected  health  alliance  pchalliance  in  april  of  2014,  we  have  seen  remarkable  progress  and  change  in  the  application  of  mobile  health,  writes  rich  scarfo,  the  vice  president  of  the  alliance.  for  example,  text  messaging,  then  the  gold  standard  for  delivering  health  messaging,  was  being  replaced  by  mobile  apps  as  a  means  of  collecting,  transmitting  and  reviewing  personal  health  data.  in  fact,  from  20142017,  health  and  fitness  app  usage  grew  by  over  330.  today,  mobile  health  is  on  fire  or,  should  i  say  fhir,  the  fast  healthcare  interoperability  resources  specification,  which  the  standard  for  exchanging  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring information  electronically.  pchalliance  has  incorporated  fhir  as  an  underlying  standard  in  our  latest  continua  design  guidelines,  enabling  integration  of  patient  generated  health  data  pghd  into  electronic  health  records  to  support  chronic  disease  management,  improve  care  delivery  and  clinical  outcomes.  blockchain  is  another  technology  that  is  taking  healthcare  by  storm.  developed  in  2008,  it  was  originally  intended  to  support  the  exchange  of  the  digital  cryptocurrency  known  as  bitcoin.  however,  healthcare  is  embracing  this  technology  as  a  way  to  ensure  data  interoperability  and  security.  but  these  technologies  are  really  just  the  underpinnings  of  an  ecosystem  of  mobile  and  digital  connected  health  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  tools  that  are  truly  transforming  how  care  is  delivered  and  how  individuals  and  providers  are  managing  health  and  wellness.  what  are  really  exciting  are  several  important  trends  and  developments  in  mobile  and  digital  connected  health  technologies  that  are  impacting  how  we  think  about,  diagnose,  treat  and  even  prevent  illness.  artificial  intelligence  ai,  vocal  biomarkers,  facial  decoding  and  virtual  reality  technologies  are  opening  up  new  opportunity  to  create  highly  personalised,  intuitive  and  engaging  everyday  encounters  with  ones  health.  companies  are  exploring  artificial  intelligence  to  analyse  huge  amounts  of  data  in  areas  such  as  medical  record  mining,  medication  management,  genetic  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring disease  prevention  research  and  even  drug  creation.  rich  scarfo  pchalliance  even  more  interesting  is  how  ai  can  analyse  emotion,  anticipate  health  problems,  improve  quality  of  life  and  enable  better  relationships  with  healthcare  providers.  an  excellent  example  of  this  is  how  consumer  technologies,  like  siri  and  alexa,  are  becoming  personal  home  assistants.  also  powered  by  artificial  intelligence,  social  robots  are  helping  individuals  better  manage  their  health,  remember  to  take  their  medication  and  even  address  feelings  of  loneliness  and  isolation  among  older  adults.  virtual  reality  also  has  some  unique  applications  in  healthcare,  including  coaching  programmes  which  enable  recovery  from  orthopedic  surgery  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring stroke  at  home.  virtual  reality  vr  augmented  rehabilitation  is  being  developed  to  enhance  conventional  therapy  for  patients  withconditions  ranging  from  musculoskeletal  problems,  to  strokeinduced  paralysis,  to  cognitive  deficits.  we  are  entering  into  the  next  phase  of  wearables  and  smart  watches  for  health.  rather  than  being  limited  to  steps  taken  or  calories  burned,  smart  watches  are  becoming  a  platform  for  disease  management.  one  example  is  fitbits  smartwatch  that  can  receive  data  from  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm,  enabling  people  with  type  1  diabetes  to  monitor  their  blood  glucose  on  a  regular  basis  by  just  looking  at  their  watch.  smart  watches  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring also  moving  into  research  to  monitor  symptoms.  an  apple  watch  app  is  now  being  tested  to  predict  and  prevent  heart  disease.  digital  therapeutics  can  achieve  positive  clinical  outcomes  todays  sensors  are  also  doing  more  than  monitoring  heart  rate.  they  can  detect  healing  or  be  used  to  identify  a  health  problem  before  it  becomes  significant.  the  data  generated  by  these  devices  can  help  optimise  patient  care,  improve  outcomes  and  reduced  healthcare  costs.  sensors  are  taking  the  form  of  implantable  and  ingestible  devices  and  tattoos,  and  can  be  imbedded  in  clothing.  digital  therapeutics  is  an  emerging  trend,  based  on  the  idea  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring technology  can  improve  an  individuals  health  as  much  as  a  drug  can,  as  well  as  increase  the  efficacy  of  drug  therapies.  digital  therapeutics  companies  are  proving,  via  rigorous  clinical  studies  and  even  regulatory  approval  that  connected  health  technologies  can  provide  measurable  clinical  benefit,  at  least  as  good  as  some  medication.  a  recent  analyst  report  predicted  that  the  digital  therapeutics  market  will  reach  about  us9bn  by  2025.  the  term  digital  therapeutics  refers  to  digital  technology  or  software  to  treat  a  medical  condition,  used  alone  and  in  combination  with  conventional  drug  therapies.  digital  therapeutics  include  mobile  apps,  wearable  sensors,  health  monitoring  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  software  that  can  change  an  individuals  behaviour  in  order  to  achieve  positive  clinical  outcomes  and,  thereby  better  control  the  cost  of  care.  connected  health  technologies  are  fiinding  applications  in  many  areas  of  health  today,  connected  health  technologies  are  finding  applications  in  many  areas  of  health  and  wellness,  including  hearables  to  help  improve  the  lives  of  individuals  with  speech  and/or  hearing  difficulties;  intelligent  bots  to  improve  patient  provider  communication;  and  an  artificial  pancreas  to  monitor  blood  glucose  levels  and  automatically  provide  the  right  amount  of  insulin  at  the  right  time,  using  sophisticated  algorithms  and  a  smartphone.  the  possibilities  and  opportunities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  endless.  in  this  era  where  digital  technologies  are  enable  individuals  to  track  health  statistics  and  emerging  technologies  are  creating  new  opportunities  for  health,  we  are  now  facing  the  next  great  challenge:  integrating  these  technologies  in  healthcare  delivery,  wellness  and  daily  living.  we  must  focus  on  bridging  the  gap  between  technology  and  the  healthcare  providers,  patients  and  consumers  who  can  benefit  from  connected  health.  thoughtfully  embedding  technology  into  healthcare  will  allow  providers  to  focus  on  the  human  elements  of  caring,  judgment  and  emotional  intelligence,  support  cooperative  care  with  patients,  improve  health  outcomes,  enhance  patientdoctor  relationships  and  enable  a  critical  shift
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  prevention,  wellness  and  selfcare  across  the  lifespan.  so  our  theme  for  the  2018  connected  health  conference  is  balancing  technology  and  the  human  element.  our  programme  will  explore  emerging  technologies  on  the  cusp  of  revolutionising  health  and  wellness;  critical  design  strategies  to  ensure  engagement,  motivation  and  efficiencies;  opportunities  for  implementation  throughout  the  care  continuum;  and  policies  and  practices  that  will  drive  disruption.  the  connected  health  conference  will  deliver  tangible  information,  best  practices  and  inspiration  that  will  help  move  the  market.  join  us  in  boston  on  1719  october  2018  to  hear  from  the  thought  leaders,  innovators  and  visionaries  on  how  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring utilise  these  emerging  technologies  and  effectively  design  and  integrate  these  technologies  into  the  future  of  health  and  wellness.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring econsultancy  to  access  all  of  our  premium  content,  including  invaluable  research,  insights,  elearning,  data  and  tools,  you  need  to  be  a  subscriber.  explore  our  subscription  options  and  get  instant  access  for  you,  your  team  and  your  organisation  to  a  wealth  of  resources  designed  to  help  you  achieve  excellence  in  marketing.  emea/usa:  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  opened  up  a  world  of  possibilities  in  medicine:  when  connected  to  the  internet,  ordinary  medical  devices  can  collect  invaluable  additional  data,  give  extra  insight  into  symptoms  and  trends,  enable  remote  care,  and  generally  give  patients  more  control  over  their  lives  and  treatment.  here
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  10  examples  of  iot  in  healthcare  that  demonstrate  what  medicine  is  becoming  capable  of  thanks  to  technology.  in  june  2018,  data  was  presented  at  the  asco  annual  meeting  from  a  randomised  clinical  trial  of  357patients  receiving  treatment  for  head  and  neck  cancer.  the  trial  used  a  bluetoothenabled  weight  scale  and  blood  pressure  cuff,  together  with  a  symptomtracking  app,to  sendupdates  to  patients  physicians  on  symptoms  and  responses  to  treatment  every  weekday.  the  patients  who  used  this  smart  monitoring  system,  known  as  cycore,  experienced  less  severe  symptoms  related  to  both  the  cancer  and  its  treatment  when  compared  to  a  control  group
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  patients  who  carried  on  with  regular  weekly  physician  visits  with  no  additional  monitoring.  bruce  e.  johnson,  president  of  asco  the  american  society  of  clinical  oncology,  helped  simplify  care  for  both  patients  and  their  care  providers  by  enabling  emerging  side  effects  to  be  identified  and  addressed  quickly  and  efficiently  to  ease  the  burden  of  treatment.  the  study  demonstrates  the  potential  benefits  of  smart  technology  when  it  comes  to  improving  patient  contact  with  physicians,  and  monitoring  of  patients  conditions,  in  a  way  that  causes  minimal  interference  with  their  daily  lives.  as  richard  cooper,  head  of  digital  at  axa  ppp  healthcare,  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  interview  about  the  future  of  health  tech,  some  of  the  developments  we  see  have  stopped  people  being  tied  to  their  house,  or  kept  them  from  being  regularly  in  hospital.  theyre  solving  what  are  in  some  cases  quite  simple  problems,  and  giving  people  that  quality  of  life  back.  technology  makes  your  interaction  with  your  medical  professional  much  more  powerful  and  useful,  and  puts  you  more  in  control.  diabetes  has  proven  to  be  a  fertile  ground  for  the  development  of  smart  devices,  as  a  condition  that  affects  roughly  one  in  ten  adults,  and  one  that  requires  continual  monitoring  and  administration  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring treatment.  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm  is  a  device  that  helps  diabetics  to  continuously  monitor  their  blood  glucose  levels  for  several  days  at  a  time,  by  taking  readings  at  regular  intervals.  the  first  cgm  system  was  approved  by  the  us  food  and  drug  administration  fda  in  1999,  and  in  recent  years,  a  number  of  smart  cgms  have  hit  the  market.  smart  cgms  like  eversense  and  freestyle  libre  send  data  on  blood  glucose  levels  to  an  app  on  iphone,  android  or  apple  watch,  allowing  the  wearer  to  easily  check  their  information  and  detect  trends.  the  freestyle  librelink  app  also  allows  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring remote  monitoring  by  caregivers,  which  could  include  the  parents  of  diabetic  children  or  the  relatives  of  elderly  patients.  these  devices  are  even  starting  to  become  available  on  the  nhs:  on  world  diabetes  day  2018  14  november,  the  nhs  it  would  be  making  the  freestyle  libre  smart  cgm  available  on  prescription  to  type  1  diabetes  sufferers.  it  estimated  that  this  would  increase  the  percentage  of  diabetes  patients  who  have  access  to  smart  cgm  devices  in  england  from  35  to  2025.  image:  eversense  diabetes  another  smart  device  currently  improving  the  lives  of  diabetes  patients  is  the  smart  insulin  pen.  smart  insulin  pens
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  pen  caps  like  gocap,  inpen  and  esysta  have  the  ability  to  automatically  record  the  time,  amount  and  type  of  insulin  injected  in  a  dose,  and  recommend  the  correct  type  of  insulin  injection  at  the  right  time.  the  devices  interact  with  a  smartphone  app  that  can  store  longterm  data,  help  diabetes  patients  calculate  their  insulin  dose,  and  even  in  the  case  of  the  gocap  allow  patients  to  record  their  meals  and  blood  sugar  levels,  to  see  how  their  food  and  insulin  intake  are  affecting  their  blood  sugar.  one  of  the  most  fascinating  areas  in  iot  medicine  is  the  opensource  initiative
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring openaps,  which  stands  for  open  artificial  pancreas  system.  openaps  is  a  type  of  closedloop  insulin  delivery  system,  which  differs  from  a  cgm  in  that  as  well  as  gauging  the  amount  of  glucose  in  a  patients  bloodstream,  it  also  delivers  insulin  thus  closing  the  loop.  openaps  was  started  in  2015  by  dana  lewis  and  her  husband  scott  leibrand,  who  hacked  danas  cgm  and  her  insulin  pump  in  order  to  automate  the  delivery  of  insulin  into  her  system.  using  the  data  feed  from  the  cgm  and  a  raspberry  pi  computer,  their  own  software  completes  the  loop  and  continuously  alters  the  amount  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring insulin  danas  pump  delivers.  automating  insulin  delivery  offers  a  number  of  benefits  that  can  change  the  lives  of  diabetics.  by  monitoring  an  individuals  blood  glucose  levels  and  automatically  adjusting  the  amount  of  insulin  delivered  into  their  system,  the  aps  helps  to  keep  blood  glucose  within  a  safe  range,  preventing  extreme  highs  and  lows  otherwise  known  as  hyperglycaemia  excessively  high  glucose  and  hypoglycaemia  excessively  low  glucose.  the  automatic  delivery  of  insulin  also  allows  diabetics  to  sleep  through  the  night  without  the  danger  of  their  blood  sugar  dropping  also  known  as  nighttime  hypoglycaemia.  although  openaps  is  not  an  out  of  the  box
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring solution  and  requires  people  to  be  willing  to  build  their  own  system,  it  is  attracting  a  growing  community  of  diabetics  who  are  using  its  free  and  opensource  technology  to  hack  their  insulin  delivery.  the  openaps  website  ,  as  of  january  15,  2018,  there  are  more  than  n11,078  individuals  around  the  world  with  various  types  of  diy  closed  loop  implementations.  the  openaps  community  arent  the  only  ones  to  have  had  this  idea.  in  2013,  bryan  mazlish,  a  father  with  a  wife  and  young  son  who  both  have  type  1  diabetes,  created  the  first  automated  and  cloudconnected  closedloop  artificial  pancreas  device.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 2014,  he  founded  smartloop  labs  now  known  as  bigfoot  biomedical  to  scale  and  commercialise  the  development  of  an  automated  insulin  delivery  system  based  on  his  invention.  the  company  is  currently  preparing  for  a  pivotal  trial  of  its  solution,  details  of  which  are  in  late  2018  or  early  2019.  bigfoot  currently  anticipates  that  its  automated  system  will  be  launched  commercially  in  2020,  pending  fda  review  and  approval.  like  diabetes,  asthma  is  a  condition  that  impacts  the  lives  of  hundreds  of  millions  of  people  across  the  world.  smart  technology  is  beginning  to  give  them  increased  insight  into  and  control  over  their  symptoms
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  treatment,  thanks  to  connected  inhalers.  the  biggest  producer  of  smart  inhaler  technology  is  propeller  health.  rather  than  producing  entire  inhalers,  propeller  has  created  a  sensor  that  attaches  to  an  inhaler  or  bluetooth  spirometer.  it  connects  up  to  an  app  and  helps  people  with  asthma  and  copd  chronic  obstructive  pulmonary  disease,  which  includes  emphysema  and  chronic  bronchitis  understand  what  might  be  causing  their  symptoms,  track  uses  of  rescue  medication,  and  also  provides  allergen  forecasts.  the  company  was  founded  in  2010,  and  in  2014  received  fda  clearance  for  two  sensors  designed  to  work  with  inhalers  from  major  pharma  companies:  glaxosmithklines  diskus
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring inhaler,  and  the  respimat  inhaler  from  boehringer  ingelheim.  since  then,  propeller  has  continued  to  collaborate  with  a  number  of  major  producers  of  inhalers,  and  now  works  with  most  inhalers  and  leading  bluetooth  spirometers.  one  of  the  benefits  of  using  a  connected  inhaler  is  improved  adherence  in  other  words,  medication  is  taken  more  consistently  and  more  often.  the  propeller  sensor  generates  reports  on  inhaler  use  that  can  be  shared  with  a  patients  doctor,  and  show  whether  they  are  using  it  as  often  as  is  prescribed.  for  patients,  this  provides  motivation  and  also  clarity,  showing  how  the  use  of  their  inhaler  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring directly  improving  their  condition.  proteus  digital  health  and  its  ingestible  sensors  are  another  example  of  how  smart  medicine  can  monitor  adherence.  according  to  ,  50  of  medicines  are  not  taken  as  directed.  proteus  system  is  one  effort  to  reduce  this  figure:  the  company  has  created  pills  that  dissolve  in  the  stomach  and  produce  a  small  signal  that  is  picked  up  by  a  sensor  worn  on  the  body.  the  data  is  then  relayed  to  a  smartphone  app,  confirming  that  the  patient  has  taken  their  medication  as  directed.  proteus  has  so  far  trialled  the  system  with  pills  for  treating  uncontrolled  hypertension  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring type  2  diabetes,  and  antipsychotic  medication.  in  late  2017,  abilify  mycite  an  antipsychotic  medication  created  by  proteus  and  otsuka  pharmaceutical  co.  .  as  with  connected  inhalers,  ingestible  sensors  can  help  to  track  and  improve  how  regularly  patients  take  their  medication,  as  well  as  allowing  them  to  have  a  more  informed  dialogue  with  their  physician  about  treatment.  while  the  idea  of  taking  pills  with  a  sensor  might  seem  invasive,  the  system  is  optin  on  the  part  of  patients,  and  they  can  discontinue  sharing  some  types  of  information,  or  opt  out  of  the  program  altogether,  at  any  time.  medical  smart  contact  lenses
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  an  ambitious  application  of  the  internet  of  things  in  a  healthcare  context.  while  the  concept  has  a  great  deal  of  potential,  so  far,  the  science  hasnt  always  managed  to  live  up  to  expectations.  in  2014,  google  life  sciences  now  known  as  verily,  a  subsidiary  of  googles  parent  company  alphabet  announced  it  would  be  developing  a  smart  contact  lens  that  could  measure  tear  glucose  and  provide  an  early  warning  system  for  diabetics  to  alert  them  when  their  blood  glucose  levels  had  dropped  or  risen  beyond  a  certain  threshold.  it  partnered  with  alcon,  the  eyecare  division  of  pharmaceutical  company  novartis,  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  project.  however,  the  project  attracted  a  great  deal  of  scepticism  from  researchers  who  believed  that  the  idea  of  measuring  blood  glucose  levels  via  tears  wasnt  scientifically  sound  and  ultimately,  they  were  proven  correct.  after  a  lengthy  period  with  no  real  news  about  project  developments,  in  november  2018  verily  .  but  other  medical  applications  for  smart  contact  lenses  might  prove  more  successful.  verily  is  still  working  on  two  smart  lens  programs  with  alcon,  which  aim  to  treat  presbyopia  longsightedness  caused  by  a  loss  of  elasticity  in  the  lens  of  an  eye  and  cataract  surgery  recovery.  swiss  company  sensimed  has  also
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring developed  a  noninvasive  smart  contact  lens  called  triggerfish,  which  automatically  records  changes  in  eye  dimensions  that  can  lead  to  glaucoma.  first  developed  in  2010,  triggerfish  is  now  cemarked  and  fdaapproved,  meaning  it  is  approved  for  marketing  and  sale  in  europe  and  the  u.s.,  and  was  in  september  2018.  wearable  technology  doesnt  always  have  to  be  designed  with  a  medical  use  in  mind  to  have  healthcare  benefits.  takeda  pharmaceuticals  u.s.a.  and  cognition  kit  limited,  a  platform  for  measuring  cognitive  health,  collaborated  in  2017  to  explore  the  use  of  an  apple  watch  app  for  monitoring  and  assessing  patients  with  major  depressive  disorder
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mdd.  the  results  from  the  exploratory  study  were  at  pharma  and  biotech  conference  cns  summit.  the  study  found  a  very  high  level  of  compliance  with  the  app,  which  participants  used  daily  to  monitor  their  mood  and  cognition.  the  apps  daily  assessments  were  also  found  to  correspond  with  more  indepth  and  objective  cognition  tests  and  patientreported  outcomes,  showing  that  cognitive  tests  delivered  via  an  app  can  still  be  robust  and  reliable.  while  the  study  was  only  an  exploratory  pilot,  it  has  demonstrated  the  potential  for  wearable  tech  to  be  used  to  assess  the  effects  of  depression  in  realtime.  like  other  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  devices  that  gather  data,  the  apple  watch  app  could  also  give  patients  and  healthcare  professionals  more  insight  into  their  condition,  and  enable  more  informed  conversations  about  care.  in  2016,  roche  launched  a  that  allows  patients  to  check  how  quickly  their  blood  clots.  this  is  the  first  device  of  its  kind  for  anticoagulated  patients,  with  selftesting  shown  to  help  patients  stay  within  their  therapeutic  range  and  lower  the  risk  of  stroke  or  bleeding.  being  able  to  transmit  results  to  healthcare  providers  means  fewer  visits  to  the  clinic.  the  device  also  allows  patients  to  add  comments  to  their  results,  reminds  them
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  test,  and  flags  the  results  in  relation  to  the  target  range.  in  2018,  apple  added  a  new  movement  disorder  api  to  its  opensource  research  kit  api,  which  allows  apple  watches  to  monitor  parkinsons  disease  symptoms.  normally  symptoms  are  monitored  by  a  physician  at  a  clinic  via  physical  diagnostic  tests,  and  patients  are  encouraged  to  keep  a  diary  in  order  to  give  a  broader  insight  into  symptoms  over  time.  the  api  aims  to  make  that  process  automatic  and  continuous.  an  app  on  a  connected  iphone  can  present  the  data  in  a  graph,  giving  daily  and  hourly  breakdowns,  as  well  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring minutebyminute  symptom  fluctuation.  apples  researchkit  has  also  been  used  in  a  number  of  different  health  studies,  including  an  arthritis  study  carried  out  in  partnership  with  gsk,  and  an  epilepsy  study  that  used  sensors  in  the  apple  watch  to  detect  the  onset  and  duration  of  seizures.  apple  is  keen  to  tout  the  potential  for  its  apps  to  aid  with  medical  research  and  care,  and  to  that  end,  in  2017  it  launched  carekit,  an  opensource  framework  designed  to  help  developers  to  create  apps  for  managing  medical  conditions.  unlike  healthkit,  which  is  aimed  more  at  general  fitness  and  wellbeing,  carekit  can  be  used
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  design  apps  with  a  specific  medical  purpose  so  watch  this  space  for  more  medical  innovations  that  make  use  of  iphone  and  apple  watch  technology.  adamm  is  a  wearable  smart  asthma  monitor  that  purports  to  detect  the  symptoms  of  an  asthma  attack  before  its  onset,  allowing  the  wearer  to  manage  it  before  the  attack  gets  worse.  it  vibrates  to  notify  the  person  wearing  it  of  an  impending  asthma  attack,  and  can  also  send  a  text  message  to  a  designated  carer  at  the  same  time.  other  features  of  the  device  include  inhaler  detection  the  device  can  detect  and  track  inhaler  use,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring if  the  patient  cant  remember  whether  theyve  used  one  and  voice  journaling  to  record  things  like  changes,  feelings  and  behaviours.  it  also  has  an  algorithm  technology  that  learns  what  normal  is  for  the  wearer  over  time,  allowing  it  to  better  understand  when  something  has  changed.  adamm  works  in  conjunction  with  an  app  and  web  portal,  helping  asthma  patients  to  set  medication  reminders,  view  data  from  the  device,  and  remind  themselves  of  their  treatment  plan.  the  device  was  originally  expected  to  achieve  fda  clearance  and  be  released  for  consumers  at  the  end  of  2017,  but  hasnt  yet  been  cleared,  showing  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring these  devices  can  sometimes  take  a  long  time  to  come  to  market  even  once  developed.  however,  on  patient  health  monitoring  platforms  that  incorporate  iot  devices  published  in  july  2018  mentions  that  adamm  is  expected  to  receive  fda  clearance  soon  .  there  are  obvious  involved  with  connected  healthcare,  which  along  with  the  rigour  of  drug  development  may  be  slowing  the  development  of  new  digital  medicines.  however,  its  clear  which  way  the  wind  is  blowing.from  adherence  to  diagnosis,  the  applications  are  manifold.  in  particular,  life  logging  which  granted  is  often  a  case  of  mobile  health,  not  strictly  iot  seems  still  to  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  powerful  idea,  changing  how  patients  interact  with  their  clinic.  this  is  particularly  the  case  for  measuring  subjective  data  for  those  suffering  from  anxiety  or  depression.  ultimately,  one  can  see  why  apple  is  getting  into  this  space  with  healthkit,  researchkit  and  carekit,  and  google  with  googlefit  and  subsidiaries  like  verily.  its  not  hard  to  imagine  a  future  in  which  ios  or  android  apps  interact  with  much  of  our  medicine.  as  more  of  these  devices  are  brought  to  market  and  even  become  available  as  prescription  medication,  for  example  on  the  nhs,  digital  healthcare  will  start  to  become  the  rule  rather  than
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  exception.  includes  infuriating  internetofthings  pr  fluff,  as  well  as  some  things  you  should  probably  read.  this  week  there  was  plenty  of  interesting  news,  including  don  draper,  the  national  grid,  captcha,  vibrators  and  the  matrix.  read  on  and  though  it  may  be  a  venerable  old  company,  its  famously  an  innovative  one.  that  innovation  extends  from  products  to  marketing  and  ges  ongoing  digital  .  if  you  keep  tabs  on  the  chinese  ecommerce  industry,  youll  almost  certainly  be  familiar  with  the  big  two  of  chinese  ecommerce:  alibaba  and  jd.com.  at  clicteq  weve  previously  worked  with  some  of  the  worlds  largest  enterprise  software
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring companies  and  along  the  way  weve  developed  several  strategies  for  driving  more  leads  in  the  sector.  in  a  world  in  which  consumers  have  more  choice  than  ever,  a  large  percentage  are  surprisingly  brand  loyal.  criteo  styles  itself  as  the  leading  advertising  platform  for  the  open  internet  it  chiefly  works  with  retailers,  brands  and  publishers  to  target  audiences  and  increase  visitors  and  conversions  across  mobile  and  web.  john  gillan  is  the  managing  director  of  northern  europe,  and  hes  our  latest  interviewee.  heres  what  he  had  to  say  about  his  there  are  2  comments  at  the  moment,  we  would  love  to  hear
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring your  opinion  too.  re:  connected  inhalers  one  of  the  benefits  of  using  a  connected  inhaler  is  improved  adherence  in  other  words,  medication  is  taken  more  consistently  and  more  often.  agreed.  just  want  to  say  that  you  can  get  this  same  benefit  by  setting  up  recurring  reminders  on  your  phone,  e.g  using  the  builtin  reminders  app  on  iphone.  a  bit  clunkier  than  a  specially  designed  app.,  but  free  and  you  can  do  it  immediately.  i  set  up  reminders  about  4  weeks  back,  by  to  take  my  daily  vitamins  and  asthma  medication,  and  its  working  great.  the  public  use  of  the  internet
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  health  information  is  increasing.  the  term  iotinternet  of  things  consists  of  a  lot  of  device  and  things  and  its  lots  of  uses.  it  transformed  and  connected  the  healthcare  field.  it  continuously  offering  new  tools  for  creating  an  integrated  healthcare  system.  so  that  it  enhancing  patient  care.  also,  it  helps  in  improving  the  treatments.it  provides  many  benefits  for  the  hospitals.  thank  you  for  sharing  the  ten  examples  above.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  limited,  registered  in  england  and  wales  with  number  05243851  registered  office  at  econsultancy,  floor  m,  10  york  road,  london,  se1  7nd
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring personal  wellness  monitoring  concerns  the  persons  activity  and  safety.  this  area  mainly  focuseson  individuals  age  65  or  older,  but  this  technology  will  find  applications  for  the  general  population.  the  personal  wellness  monitoring  application  presented  in  this  study  showsseveral  devices  that  would  be  used  in  managing  the  care,  safety  and  activity  of  the  residents  in  an  assisted  living  facility.  the  information  securely  collected  by  these  devices  is  centrally  managed  and  analyzed.  this  use  case  focuses  on  monitoring  an  elderly  persons  daily  activity.  besides  a  number  of  wearable  medical  sensors/devices  that  monitor  the  vitalsigns  e.g.  heart  beat,  temperature,  this  use  case  involves
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  other  nonmedical  sensors  such  as  environmental  sensors,  motion  sensors,  home  sensors  e.g.  bed,  door,  window,  etc.  all  the  information  from  these  sensors  is  sent  to  an  it  platform  for  recording  and  processing.  the  caregiver  and/  or  family  members  can,  with  permission,  access  this  information  and  assess  the  wellbeing  of  the  elderly  person.  if  certain  predetermined  events  occur,  automatic  responses  could  be  triggered.  for  example,  the  caregiver  can  be  alerted  via  a  text  message  if  the  heart  rate  of  the  elderly  person  is  above  a  threshold  value.  if  an  elderly  person  has  to  follow  a  certain  daily  schedule  such  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring taking  a  weight  measurement  in  the  morning,  obtaining  glucose  level  readings  at  noon  and  at  6  p.m.  and  completing  an  oxygen  level  reading  after  dinner,  the  caregiver  can  monitor  the  daily  activity  status  of  the  person.  if  certain  routine  activities  are  not  completed,  the  person  can  be  sent  a  reminder.  should  the  person  not  respond  to  set  number  of  reminders,  the  caregiver  can  be  sent  an  alarm.  in  this  use  case,  the  data  collection  unit  and  the  it  platform  will  be  able  to  handle  different  profiles  since  they  accept  and  potentially  send  information  from/to  both  medical  and  nonmedical  devices.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring same  is  true  for  any  devices  with  multiple  sensors,  such  as  a  watch  with  an  accelerometer  and  a  gyroscope  for  fall  detection,  as  well  as  healthrelated  functions.  this  use  case  also  covers  journaling.  this  is  a  technique  that  is  recommended  for  patients  to  help  their  physicians  diagnose  certain  conditions,  suchas  rheumatic  disease.  using  this  technique,  patients  record  pharmaceutical,  environmental  or  behavioral  changes  and  correlate  them  with  body  function  changes  e.g.  fatigue,  motion  range,  etc..  the  information  provided  by  both  the  patient  and  by  the  other  medical  or  nonmedical  devices  in  the  home  network  is  recorded  and  stored  in  a  database
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring server  for  later  review  by  the  physician  and/or  family.  this  case  deals  with  monitoring  the  safety  of  the  home  environment.  the  home  environment  is  monitored  for  safety  hazards  including  toxic  gases,  water  and  fire.  additionally,  the  vital  signs  e.g.  heart  beat,  temperature  of  the  persons  in  the  home  are  also  monitored.  the  data  gathered  by  the  medical  and  nonmedical  devices  is  analyzed  locally  and/  or  securely  forwarded  to  an  it  platform  for  processing  and  storage.  if  predetermined  events  occur,  the  caregiver  and/or  family  receive  alerts.  automatic  responses  can  be  triggered  when  certain  events  occur.  16  rue  de  vienne  75008  paris
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring close  keyboardarrowdown  the  devices  and  sensors  changing  medical  care  forever.  jun  2017  the  internet  of  things  has  such  huge  potential  for  the  healthcare  industry  that  it  even  has  its  own  alias:  the  internet  of  medical  things  iomt.  devices  and  applications  in  this  industry  improve  healthcare,  reduce  strain  on  medical  professionals,  and  allow  patients  to  be  treated  at  home  or  away  from  hospitals.  here,  we  look  at  15  examples  of  iotenabled  applications  that  will  power  the  connected  healthcare  space.  1.  ,  an  ecg  monitor  designed  to  provide  continuous  medical  grade  data.  users  can  wear  this  device  within  their  normal  lifestyle:  at
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring work,  the  gym,  or  out  and  about.  the  data  is  said  to  help  patients  to  better  monitor  health  conditions  such  as  high  blood  pressure  and  cholesterol.  it  also  sends  information  into  health  centers  that  monitor  conditions  such  as  diabetes,  heart  troubles  and  weight  gain,  without  the  need  for  physical  visits.  2.  is  a  medical  alert  system  that  is  worn  by  a  patient  as  an  item  of  clothing  or  jewelry.  it  feeds  into  a  series  of  connected  sensors  which  measure  the  health  and  welfare  of  the  wearer.  if  a  patient  were  to  fall  out  of  bed,  or  remain  motionless  for  too
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring long  a  period,  an  alert  is  sent  to  family  or  friends  who  can  help.  3.  is  being  used  by  hospitals  and  healthcare  professionals  already,  with  applications  that  are  thinking  far  outside  the  box  of  traditional  digital  signage.  take  the  organization  to  improve  patient  welfare  in  hospitals,  with  proven  effects  of  lower  stress  levels  and  anxiety  in  patient  waiting  rooms.  4.  is  a  fitness  tracker  with  a  difference.  rather  than  just  counting  calories  and  steps,  it  can  be  used  to  monitor  all  aspects  of  health,  from  weight  and  sleep  patterns  to  activity  and  diet,  to  allowing  the  user  to  make  better
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  decisions  based  on  data.  some  patient  reform  groups  are  even  using  it  as  a  way  to  support  those  with  weight  and  health  issues  from  afar  or  outside  of  the  physical  medical  center  itself.  5.  wireless  sensors  such  as  those  from  are  being  used  in  hospital  refrigerators,  freezers  and  laboratories  to  ensure  that  blood  samples,  medications  and  other  materials  are  kept  at  the  proper  temperature.  6.  are  smart,  connected  beds  being  used  in  the  uks  nhs  system  that  monitor  patients  and  track  data.  combining  wearable  monitors  with  other  data  sensor  sources,  they  save  money  and  time,  allowing  elderly  patients  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring those  with  longterm  health  conditions  to  monitor  their  progress  and  issues  more  efficiently.  7.  are  pretty  much  what  they  say  on  the  box:  a  way  for  patients  to  avoid  colonoscopies  by  swallowing  a  sensor  the  size  of  a  cod  liver  oil  tablet.  this  sensor  can  diagnose  problems  surrounding  conditions  such  as  irritable  bowel  syndrome  and  colon  cancer  in  place  of  more  invasive  surgeries.  8.  is  a  connected  sensor  that  makes  the  management  of  asthma  or  copd  easier.  the  sensor  attaches  to  the  top  of  the  pump  and  monitors  data  each  time  its  used.  this  allows  the  user  to  collect  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  triggers  and  enable  family  members  and  doctors  to  manage  use,  all  from  a  mobile  app.  it  is  said  to  reduce  the  number  of  asthma  attacks  and  increase  the  number  of  symptomfree  days.  9.  google  announced  in  2014  that  it  would  be  creating  a  smart,  connected  contact  lens,  supported  by  novartis.  this  lens  would  have  that  are  embedded  within  the  contact  lens.  these  can  monitor  conditions  such  as  diabetes  as  well  as  help  to  correct  sight  issues  to  restore  the  eyes  natural  autofocus  for  those  who  cannot  read  without  glasses.  10.  app  to  help  patients  with  major  depressive  disorder  mdd.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  app  will  look  for  symptoms  and  will  allow  tracking  of  moods  outside  of  healthcare  appointments.  11.  is  a  catheter  fitted  with  a  transmitter  that  can  monitor  urine  output  and  core  body  temperature  for  patients  on  catheterization.  smart  monitoring  of  these  two  aspects  can  help  spot  the  signs  of  infection  in  their  early  stages,  therefore  creating  better  treatment  plans  and  prevention.  the  devicealso  reports  on  conditions  such  as  diabetes  or  prostate  cancer  and  feeds  this  back  to  doctors  and  nurses,  thus  helping  to  manage  the  conditions.  12.the  ,  along  with  other  smart  pilldispensing  devices,  are  focused  on  patients  who  may
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring find  it  difficult  to  manage  medication  independently.  mds  dispensers  prefill  with  the  required  dosage  for  a  specific  day  and  provides  notifications  to  patients  when  it  is  time  to  take  or  refill  medicines.  if  a  dosage  is  missed,  the  information  can  be  tracked  and  fed  back  to  the  patients  doctor.  13.systems  like  place  iot  sensors  designed  to  track  every  nuance  of  the  caretaking  and  caregiving  process.  this  provides  location  tracking  on  patients  and  medical  equipment  in  what  they  call  locationasaservice.  the  system  is  designed  to  improve  staff  and  patient  satisfaction,  streamline  asset  management  and  patient  flow.  14.the  produced  by  kinsa  has
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring three  key  purposes:  to  detect  patient  illness,  provide  analysis  for  better  care,  and  to  map  human  illness  through  the  collection  of  data.  smart  ear  and  sesame  street  versions  can  already  be  found  in  many  homes  across  the  u.s.  15.  produces  medication  patches  which  deliver  drugs  transdermally  through  the  skin  at  a  steady  pace  throughout  the  day.  this  is  said  to  reduce  symptoms,  as  drugs  are  delivered  outside  of  when  patients  experience  the  symptoms  and  levels  are  adjusted  depending  on  what  is  needed  at  each  delivery.  this  makes  drug  delivery  more  personalized  rather  than  a  one  fits  all  approach  to  healthcare.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring these  devices,  whether  for  clinical  efficiency,  home  tracking  or  health  monitoring,  all  lead  to  a  space  where  its  easier  to  monitor  and  manage  health  conditions.  were  excited  to  see  where  they  take  us  next,  where  apps,  wearables,  and  smart,  connected  devices  become  as  normal  as  taking  a  pill  would  be.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reply  is  the  place  to  meet  an  incredible  variety  of  enthusiastic,  passionate,  ideasdriven  people,  who  want  to  make  a  difference  and  an  impact.  would  you  like  to  know  more?  as  technology  moves  forward  and  datatransmission  networks  develop,  the  iot  internet  of  things  can  now  evolve  from  the  m2m  machine  to  machine  concept  to  a  p2m  person  to  machine  relationship.  in  specific  arenas,  like  health,  social  care,  and  wellness  on  the  go,  the  p2m  relationship  enabled  by  a  powerful  interaction  between  smart  objects  with  sensors  and  people  revolutionises  established  servicedelivery  processes,  bringing  real  economic  benefits  and  improving  process  effectiveness.  the  number
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  connected  devices  is  currently  projected  to  rise  from  900  million  in  2009  to  26  billion  by  2020,  while  the  related  services  will  grow  to  be  worth  around  200  bn  in  revenue.  stakeholders  can  radically  redefine  care  processes,  bringing  clear  benefits  with  improved  quality  of  life,  drastically  reduced  costs,  and  engaging  broad  strata  of  the  population.  ,  has  long  been  at  the  forefront  of  clinical  health  applications  and  system  integration.  the  company  provides  a  person  to  machine  p2m  platform  for  behaviour  monitoring,  situation  analysis,  decisionsupport  systems,  and  resource  and  process  optimisation.  the  idea  is  to  create  an  adaptable,  interconnected,  dynamic,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring extensible,  flexible  network  and  service  infrastructure  that  is  not  tied  to  one  single  verticalisation.  this  platform  establishes  a  new  model  for  supplying  services  to  the  individual.  it  places  the  service  user  at  the  heart  of  the  process,  with  the  ability  to  access  a  wide  and  varied  portfolio  of  services  within  a  single  integrated  process,  according  to  their  needs.  in  an  environment  like  health  and  social  care,  the  platform  enables  chronicdisease  sufferers  to  enjoy  a  good  quality  of  life  at  home  for  longer,  surrounded  by  their  loved  ones  and  home  comforts.  thus,  it  supports  careinthecommunity  initiatives  and  minimises  the  need  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring admission  to  sheltered  facilities.  through  remote  monitoring  of  physical  and  environmental  parameters,  with  the  opportunity  to  collect  data  both  in  the  comfort  of  their  homes  and  when  out  and  about  on  their  daily  business,  users  enjoy  better  quality  of  life  and  a  greater  sense  of  independence  and  selfsufficiency.  in  wellness  sectors,  the  platform  provides  users  undertaking  physical  activities  with  uptotheminute  information  in  real  time  about  their  health  and  lifestyle,  enabling  fully  personalised  training  regimes  and  activity  cycles  to  be  devised  for  them.  the  platforms  high  level  of  integration  is  the  main  innovation  implemented  at  service  level.  the  data  it  collects
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  remotely  monitoring  physical  parameters  e.g.  heartbeat,  saturation,  blood  pressure,  and  body  weight  and  environmental  ones  movement,  time  spent  sitting,  opening/closing  doors,  etc.  feeds  into  a  behavioural  profile.  a  crossanalysis  of  the  data  identifies  the  potential  impact  of  altering  the  users  habits.  thus,  problems  can  be  predicted  by  planning  targeted  actions  and  feedback  from  relevant  professionals  e.g.  social  workers,  family  doctors,  or  personal  trainers.  santer  replys  p2m  platform  offers  a  way  to  tackle  issues  and  processes  in  active  ageing,  social  inclusion,  integrated  social  and  health  care,  and  wellness  on  the  go,  by  reaching  more  users  and  offering  better  service  coverage,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring precisely  by  investing  in  iot.  together  with  is  developing  a  platform  for  the  targeted  control  of  street  lights  based  on  the  iotcapable  lorawan  protocol.  the  street  lighting  application  helps  towns  and  cities  to  quickly  and  safely  .  the  internet  of  things  represents  an  essential  building  block  for  the  energy  utility  sector  transformation.  is  the  reply  group  specialist  in  iot  endtoend  solutions  enabling  new  energy  services,  business  process  and  business  model  transformation  in  any  section  of  the  energy  utility  value  chain.  manufacturers  must  such  as  iot,  cloud  computing  and  machine  learning  to  stay  competitive.  one  possibility:  the  concept  of  the  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cassia  networks:  making  bluetooth  iot  easy,  scalable,  secure.  perhaps  the  only  things  worse  than  a  doctors  rare  i  have  bad  news  diagnosis,  is  an  uninformed  patient  or  a  patient  who  receives  a  lifesaving  technology  too  late.  similarly,  for  smart  healthcare  and  system  integrators,  commonly  the  bad  news  is  due  to  delays  caused  by  outdated  connectivity  used  in  new  medical  iot  miot  products  or  systems.  the  consequences  of  technical  ignorance  are  high  in  the  fastpaced  smart  healthcare  ecosystem.  iot  health  technology  is  expected  to  make  up  a  117  billion  market  and  40  of  all  iot  technology  by  2020,  more  than  any
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring other  iot  category,  according  to  mckinsey  and  company.  however,  its  common  for  costly  and  complex  connectivity  at  the  center  of  an  smart  health  system  to  result  in  delayed  and  obsolete  products,  project  and  team  failures,  and  market  losses  costing  billions.  at  its  worst,  ignorance  about  new  iot  connectivity  options,  like  longrange  bluetooth  iot  connectivity,  delays  smart  health  technology  and  results  in  people  facing  avoidable  catastrophic  medical  outcomes.  today,  competitive  smart  health  manufacturers  and  solution  providers  are  delivering  marketmaking  miot  innovations  using  costsaving,  easytouse,  longrange  bluetooth  iot  connectivity.  driven  by  customer  needs  coupled  with  a  high  roi  business  case,  lowcost  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  enhancing  connectivity  ,  is  a  competitive  advantage.  smart  healthcare  competitors  leverage  bluetooth  low  energys  worldwide  standardization  and  lowcost,  to  capture  nearterm  opportunities.  then,  they  lockin  markets  with  bidirectional,  longrange  bluetooth  iot  data  capabilities,  including  realtime  edgeprocessing  and  cloud  capabilities  for  improved  patient  outcomes.  smart  healthcare  competitors  arent  waiting.  obsolete  iot  connectivity  will  not  survive  in  the  emerging  miot  marketplace.  fortunately,  smart  health  solution  providers  are  increasingly  challenging  the  commonly  held  cost  and  complexity  assumptions  about  iot  connectivity  cost,  including:  core  to  the  connectivity  challenges  in  smart  health  iot  are  scalability,  power,  range,  cost,  of  course,  iot  connectivity  requirements  vary
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring greatly  by  the  huge  variety  of  health  care  and  wellness  use  cases,  including:  wearables,  telemedicine,  smart  equipment  manufacturers  and  smart  health  provider  solutions.  however,  common  themes  of  miot  system  failures  and  delays,  around  cellular  lpwan  complexity  and  highcost,  phones  and  pads  are  inadequate  and  unreliable,  rfids  oneway  transmission  cripples  data  value,  and  wifis  power  requirements  are  a  systemic  burden  on  scalability.  cassia  works  closely  with  smart  medical  equipment  manufacturers  and  health  solution  providers  to  provide  integrated  smart  health  solutions  for  both  caregivers  and  end  users.  by  eliminating  the  range  and  scalability  limitations  of  bluetooth  low  energy,  the  cassia  networks  longrange
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring bluetooth  router  and  iot  access  controller  ac  platform  is  delivering  the  lowcost,  reliable,  and  scalable  iot  connectivity  needed  by  smart  health  equipment  manufacturers  and  health  solution  providers.  yizhentang  ,  a  beijing  chinese  medical  hospital  provides  patients  with  comfortable,  inhome  medical  services,  enabled  by  remote  health  monitoring  and  realtime  adjustments  to  a  treatment  plan  resulting  in  improved  patient  outcomes  and  experiences.  following  onsite  clinic  visits,  the  hospital  providespatients  with  a  takehome  medical  kit  which  includes  a  cassia  longrange  bluetooth  router.  at  home,  the  patient  follows  the  doctors  treatment  plan  instructions,  which  includes  medications.  the  doctor  also  receives  ongoing  vital  sign  information
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring associated  with  the  treatment  plan,  indicating  how  the  treatment  is  progressing.  the  patients  biometric  data  is  transmitted  to  the  cloud  via  the  cassia  longrange  bluetooth  routerin  realtime.  doctors  monitor  the  patients  health  status  from  a  remote  office,  and  make  realtime  treatment  adjustments  accordingly.  rather  than  hassling  an  ill  patient  with  a  trip  to  a  hospital  or  clinic,  the  cassia  longrange  bluetooth  router  enables  active  recovery  at  home,  while  also  improving  the  efficiency  of  the  doctors  treatment.  click  below  for  additional  bluetooth  iot  healthcare  use  case  solutions  from:  people  and  asset  tracking  light  accelerated  oral  healthcare  contact  supportcassianetworks.com  for  further  information.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  the  healthcare  technologies  being  researched  and  developed  today,  remote  patient  monitoring  and  diagnostics  could  replace  some  doctors  office  visits  tomorrow.  wearable  devices  as  small  as  patches  could  be  used  to  measure  vital  signs  and,  perhaps,  administer  treatments.  making  this  possible  are  an  array  of  sensors,  lowpower  microprocessors  and,  to  protect  all  of  the  sensitive  data  being  collected  and  transmitted,  embedded  security  technologies.  sensing  solutions  are  enhancing  quality  of  life  by  monitoring  a  variety  of  health  parameters,  such  as  heart  rate,  bloodoxygen  levels,  and  blood  pressure.  human  body  sensors  output  magnitude  signals  in  the  millivolt  and  microvolt  ranges.  our  integrated
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring devices  for  wearable  health  applications  combine  sensors  with  amplification  and  conversion  circuits  within  a  single  die  or  package.  these  small,  highaccuracy  solutions  provide  higher  magnitude  analog  outputs  or  serialized  digital  outputs.  power  usage  and  processing  capabilities  are  important  selection  criteria  for  microprocessing  applications.  to  determine  which  system  functions  are  best  integrated  into  the  microcontroller  and  which  can  be  handled  externally,  its  most  effective  to  use  a  system  partitioning  strategy.  since  wearable  health  devices  read  human  body  signals,  the  capabilities  of  any  onchip  analog  circuitry  must  also  be  considered  to  ensure  they  can  accurately  process  lowlevel  signals.  given  the  small  form
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring factor  of  healthmonitoring  systemssuch  as  medical  patches  and  other  wearableslow  power  consumption  and  long  battery  life  are  essential.  the  power  system  in  these  devices  must  be  able  to  regulate  voltage  from  a  batterya  voltage  source  with  a  declining  voltage  output.  the  regulators  must  be  efficient  enough  to  maximize  charge  usage,  and  must  also  supply  all  of  the  power  rails  required  by  the  design.  the  usable  voltage  range  of  a  rechargeable  li  battery  ranges  from  4.2v  to  approximately  3.2v.  most  wearable  products  use  main  power  rails  that  are  below  the  minimum  charge  of  a  singlecell  li  battery,  so  the  main  rails
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  typically  sourced  by  a  stepdown  regulator.  some  functions  within  a  wearable  product  may  require  a  higher  voltage  level  than  that  provided  by  a  singlecell  battery.  thus,  the  power  management  function  must  contain  at  least  one  stepup  regulator.  the  number  of  rails  required  depends  on  the  device,  but  for  optimum  efficiency  it  is  best  to  minimize  the  total  number  of  rails.  sensitive  personal  data  collected  and  transmitted  by  wearable  and  mobile  medical  systems  needs  to  be  protected  from  the  security  breaches  that  are  becoming  all  too  common.  our  embedded  security  technologies  protect  against  tampering,  cloning,  counterfeiting,  and  other  malicious  attacks.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring system  to  evaluate  the  max30205  human  body  temperature  sensor.  includes  a  usbtoi  c  controller  and  gui.  system  to  evaluate  the  max30205  human  body  temperature  sensor.  includes  a  usbtoi  c  controller  and  gui.  secure  authenticator  features  factoryprogrammed,  unique  64bit  rom  identification  number.  secure  authenticator  features  factoryprogrammed,  unique  64bit  rom  identification  number.  includes  3  leds  red,  ir,  green,  photo  diode,  and  afe  in  a  5.6mm  x  3.3mm  x  1.55mm  optical  module  for  hr  and  spo2  measurement.  includes  3  leds  red,  ir,  green,  photo  diode,  and  afe  in  a  5.6mm  x  3.3mm  x  1.55mm  optical  module  for  hr  and  spo2  measurement.  secure  authenticator
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring features  factoryprogrammed,  unique  64bit  rom  identification  number.  secure  authenticator  features  factoryprogrammed,  unique  64bit  rom  identification  number.  sensor  accurately  measures  temperature  and  provides  overtemperature  alarm/interrupts/shutdown  output.  sensor  accurately  measures  temperature  and  provides  overtemperature  alarm/interrupts/shutdown  output.  secure  memory  features  cryptostrong,  bidirectional,  secure  challengeandresponse  authentication.  secure  memory  features  cryptostrong,  bidirectional,  secure  challengeandresponse  authentication.  learn  more  about  our  ,  including  relevant  applications,  featured  products,  and  technical  resources.  resources  resources  related  links  questions  or  feedback?  x  please  x  unfortunately,  we  are  unable  to  place  your  order  due  to  restrictions  on  your  account.  please  contact  customer  support.  x  sorry,  but  we  are  unable  to  process  sample
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring requests  from  nonbusiness  or  noneducational  email  addresses  via  this  site.  your  options  are  :  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  maxim  thank  you  for  interest  in  maxim  integrated.  our  free  samples  program  limits  the  quantities  that  we  can  provide  to  each  customer  per  calendar  year.if  you  feel  that  you  have  received  this  message  in  error,  please  contact  samplesadminmaximintegrated.com.  alternatively,  you  can  to  place  an  order.  first  middle  lastname  profile  information  end  customer  information  what  projects  will  these  maxim  parts  be  used  in?  what  products  will  you  be  manufacturing  with  these  maxim  parts?  required  we  will  need  the  following  information  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring order  to  respond  to  your  quote  request.  please  provide  as  much  detail  as  possible  in  your  answers.  required  your  quote  has  been  successfully  submitted.  you  will  receive  an  email  within  24  hours  with  pricing  and  availability.  visit  thank  you  are  you  sure  you  want  to  request  company  account?  recent  searches
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring services  our  story  process  from  the  blog  engagement  model  case  studies  our  works  our  team  resources  careers  technologies  work  with  peerbits  healthcare  logistics  education  retail  finance  wellness  fitness  oil  and  gas  transportation  work  with  peerbits  services  cloud  team  ui/ux  design  enterprise  mobility  startups  delivery  efficient  way  of  transportation  taxi  the  fastest  way  to  hail  a  taxi.  fuel  delivery  manage  your  fuel  business  with  a  mobility  solution  gas  delivery  manage  your  cooking  gas  business  with  a  delivery  app  mobile  finance  manage  banks  and  fintech  startups  on  demand  move  from  pull  to  push  economy.  warehouse  restaurant  mcommerce  work  with  peerbits  our  story
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring process  engagement  model  our  team  resources  careers  from  the  blog  the  is  in  a  state  of  great  despair.  healthcare  services  are  costlier  than  ever,  global  population  is  aging  and  the  number  of  chronic  diseases  are  on  a  rise.  what  we  are  approaching  is  a  world  where  basic  healthcare  would  become  out  of  reach  to  most  people,  a  large  section  of  society  would  go  unproductive  owing  to  old  age  and  people  would  be  more  prone  to  chronic  disease.  isnt  it  the  end  of  the  world  we  suspected?  whatever,  is  at  your  rescue.  while  technology  cant  stop  the  population  from  ageing  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring eradicate  chronic  diseases  at  once,  it  can  at  least  make  healthcare  easier  on  a  pocket  and  in  term  of  accessibility.  medical  diagnostic  consumes  a  large  part  of  hospital  bills.  technology  can  move  the  routines  of  medical  checks  from  a  hospital  hospitalcentric  to  the  patients  home  homecentric.  the  right  diagnosis  will  also  lessen  the  need  of  hospitalization.  a  new  paradigm,  known  as  the  internet  of  things  iot,  has  an  extensive  applicability  in  numerous  areas,  including  healthcare.  the  full  application  of  this  paradigm  in  healthcare  area  is  a  mutual  hope  because  it  allows  medical  centers  to  function  more  competently  and  patients  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring obtain  better  treatment.  with  the  use  of  this  technologybased  healthcare  method,  there  are  unparalleled  benefits  which  could  improve  the  quality  and  efficiency  of  treatments  and  accordingly  improve  the  health  of  the  patients.  realtime  monitoring  via  connected  devices  can  save  lives  in  event  of  a  medical  emergency  like  heart  failure,  diabetes,  asthma  attacks,  etc.  with  realtime  monitoring  of  the  condition  in  place  by  means  of  a  smart  medical  device  connected  to  a  ,  connected  devices  can  collect  medical  and  other  required  health  data  and  use  the  data  connection  of  the  smartphone  to  transfer  collected  information  to  a  physician.  center  of  connected
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  policy  conducted  a  study  that  indicates  that  there  was  a  50  reduction  in  30day  readmission  rate  because  of  remote  patient  monitoring  on  heart  failure  patients.  the  iot  device  collects  and  transfers  health  data:  blood  pressure,  oxygen  and  blood  sugar  levels,  weight,  and  ecgs.  these  data  are  stored  in  the  cloud  and  can  be  shared  with  an  authorized  person,  who  could  be  a  physician,  your  insurance  company,  a  participating  health  firm  or  an  external  consultant,  to  allow  them  to  look  at  the  collected  data  regardless  of  their  place,  time,  or  device.  read  more:  iot  can  automate  patient  care  workflow  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  help  and  other  new  technologies,  and  nextgen  healthcare  facilities.  iot  in  healthcare  enables  interoperability,  machinetomachine  communication,  information  exchange,  and  data  movement  that  makes  healthcare  service  delivery  effective.  connectivity  protocols:  bluetooth  le,  wifi,  zwave,  zigbee,  and  other  modern  protocols,  healthcare  personnel  can  change  the  way  they  spot  illness  and  ailments  in  patients  and  can  also  innovate  revolutionary  ways  of  treatment.  consequently,  technologydriven  setup  brings  down  the  cost,  by  cutting  down  unnecessary  visits,  utilizing  better  quality  resources,  and  improving  the  allocation  and  planning.  vast  amount  of  data  that  a  healthcare  device  sends  in  a  very  short  time  owing  to  their  realtime
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring application  is  hard  to  store  and  manage  if  the  access  to  cloud  is  unavailable.  even  for  healthcare  providers  to  acquire  data  originating  from  multiple  devices  and  sources  and  analyze  it  manually  is  a  tough  bet.  iot  devices  can  collect,  report  and  analyses  the  data  in  realtime  and  cut  the  need  to  store  the  raw  data.  this  all  can  happen  overcloud  with  the  providers  only  getting  access  to  final  reports  with  graphs.  moreover,  healthcare  operations  allow  organizations  to  get  vital  healthcare  analytics  and  datadriven  insights  which  speed  up  decisionmaking  and  is  less  prone  to  errors.  ontime  alert  is  critical  in  event
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  lifethreatening  circumstances.  medical  iot  devices  gather  vital  data  and  transfer  that  data  to  ,  while  dropping  notifications  to  people  about  critical  parts  via  mobile  apps  and  other  linked  devices.  reports  and  alerts  give  a  firm  opinion  about  a  patients  condition,  irrespective  of  place  and  time.  it  also  helps  make  wellversed  decisions  and  provide  ontime  treatment.  thus,  iot  enables  realtime  alerting,  tracking,  and  monitoring,  which  permits  handson  treatments,  better  accuracy,  apt  intervention  by  doctors  and  improve  complete  patient  care  delivery  results.  in  event  of  an  emergency,  patients  can  contact  a  doctor  who  is  many  kilometers  away  with  a  smart  mobile
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring apps.  with  in  healthcare,  the  medics  can  instantly  check  the  patients  and  identify  the  ailments  onthego.  also,  numerous  healthcare  delivery  chains  that  are  forecasting  to  build  machines  that  can  distribute  drugs  on  the  basis  of  patients  prescription  and  ailmentrelated  data  available  via  linked  devices.  this  in  turn,  will  cut  on  peoples  expanse  on  healthcare  iot  for  healthcare  can  also  be  used  for  research  purposes.  its  because  iot  enables  us  to  collect  a  massive  amount  of  data  about  the  patients  illness  which  would  have  taken  many  years  if  we  collected  it  manually.  this  data  thus  collected  can  be  used  for  statistical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring study  that  would  support  the  medical  research.  thus,  iot  dont  only  saves  time  but  also  our  money  which  would  go  in  the  research.  thus,  iot  has  a  great  impact  in  the  field  of  medical  research.  it  enables  the  introduction  of  bigger  and  better  medical  treatments.  iot  is  used  in  a  variety  of  devices  that  enhance  the  quality  of  the  healthcare  services  received  by  the  patients.  even  the  existing  devices  are  now  being  updated  by  iot  by  simply  using  embedding  chips  of  a  smart  devices.  this  chip  enhances  the  assistance  and  care  that  a  patient  requires.  one  of  the  most  significant
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring threats  that  iot  poses  is  of  data  .  iot  devices  capture  and  transmit  data  in  realtime.  however,  most  of  the  iot  devices  lack  data  protocols  and  standards.  in  addition  to  that,  there  is  significant  ambiguity  regarding  data  ownership  regulation.  all  these  factors  make  the  data  highly  susceptible  to  who  can  hack  into  the  system  and  compromise  personal  health  information  phi  of  both  patients  as  well  as  doctors.  cybercriminals  can  misuse  patients  data  to  create  fake  ids  to  buy  drugs  and  medical  equipment  which  they  can  sell  later.  hackers  can  also  file  a  fraudulent  insurance  claim  in  patients  name.  read  more:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring integration  of  multiple  devices  also  causes  hindrance  in  the  implementation  of  iot  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason  for  this  hindrance  is  that  device  manufacturers  havent  reached  a  consensus  regarding  communication  protocols  and  standard.  so,  even  if  the  variety  of  devices  are  connected;  the  difference  in  their  communication  protocol  complicates  and  hinders  the  process  of  data  aggregation.  this  nonuniformity  of  the  connected  devices  protocols  slows  down  the  whole  process  and  reduces  the  scope  of  scalability  of  iot  in  healthcare.  as  discussed  earlier,  data  aggregation  is  difficult  due  to  the  use  of  different  communication  protocols  standards.  however,  iot  devices  still  record
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  ton  of  data.  the  data  collected  by  iot  devices  are  utilized  to  gain  vital  insights.  however,  the  amount  of  data  is  so  tremendous  that  deriving  insights  from  it  are  becoming  extremely  difficult  for  doctors  which,  ultimately  affects  the  quality  of  decisionmaking.  moreover,  this  concern  is  rising  as  more  devices  are  connected  which  record  more  and  more  data.  surprised  to  see  cost  considerations  in  the  challenge  sections?  i  know  most  of  you  would  be;  but  the  bottom  line  is:  iot  has  not  made  the  healthcare  facilitates  affordable  to  the  common  man  yet.  the  boom  in  the  healthcare  costs  is  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring worrying  sign  for  everybody  especially  the  developed  countries.  the  situation  is  such  that  it  gave  rise  to  medical  tourism  in  which  patients  with  critical  conditions  access  healthcare  facilities  of  the  developing  nations  which  costs  them  as  less  as  onetenth.  iot  in  healthcare  as  a  concept  is  a  fascinating  and  promising  idea.  read  also:  however,  it  hasnt  solved  the  cost  considerations  as  of  now.  to  successfully  implement  and  to  gain  its  total  optimization  the  stakeholders  must  make  it  cost  effective  otherwise  it  will  always  remain  out  of  everyones  reach  except  the  people  from  the  high  class.  the  rise  of  iot  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring exciting  for  everybody  due  to  its  different  scope  of  use  in  various  sectors.  in  .  iot  in  healthcare  helps  in:  iot  has  also  introduced  several  devices  which  has  made  lives  of  patients  comfortable.  these  devices  are  as  follows.  hearables  are  newage  hearing  aids  which  have  completely  transformed  the  way  people  who  suffered  hearing  loss  interact  with  the  world.  nowadays,  hearables  are  compatible  with  bluetooth  which  syncs  your  smartphone  with  it.  it  allows  you  to  filter,  equalize  and  add  layered  features  to  realworld  sounds.  doppler  labs  is  the  most  suitable  example  of  it.  ingestible  sensors  are  genuinely  a  modernscience  marvel.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  pillsized  sensors  which  monitor  the  medication  in  our  body  and  warns  us  if  it  detects  any  irregularities  in  our  bodies.  these  sensors  can  be  a  boon  for  a  diabetic  patient  as  it  would  help  in  curbing  symptoms  and  provide  with  an  early  warning  for  diseases.  proteus  digital  health  is  one  such  example.  moodables  are  mood  enhancing  devices  which  help  in  improving  our  mood  throughout  the  day.  it  may  sound  like  science  fiction,  but  its  not  far  from  reality.  thync  and  halo  neurosciences  are  already  working  on  it  and  has  made  tremendous  progress.  moodables  are  headmounted  wearables  that  send  lowintensity
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring current  to  the  brain  which  elevates  our  mood.  computer  vision  technology  along  with  ai  has  given  rise  to  drone  technology  which  aims  to  mimic  visual  perception  and  hence  decision  making  based  on  it.  drones  like  skydio  use  computer  vision  technology  to  detect  obstacles  and  to  navigate  around  them.  this  technology  can  also  be  used  for  visually  impaired  people  to  navigate  efficiently.  iot  devices  such  as  audemix  reduce  much  manual  work  which  a  doctor  has  to  do  during  patient  charting.  it  is  powered  by  voice  commands  and  captures  the  patients  data.  it  makes  the  patients  data  readily  accessible  for  review.  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring saves  around  doctors  work  by  15  hours  per  week.  iot  changes  the  way  the  facilities  are  delivered  to  the  .  these  technologies  improve  the  product,  causing  a  larger  effect  by  bringing  together  minor  changes.  get  peerbits  latest  articles  straight  to  your  inbox.  delivering  excellence,  righteously  call  us  24/7  career  skype:  email:  we  appreciate  your  attention  and  wants  to  complement  you.  your  personal  information  remains  intact  with  us
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  classsubmenuparttextmob  href/content/nexus/enus/servicelines/businessprocess/offerings/datareportinganalyticsandresearch.htmllt;/a  what  can  iot  do  for  healthcare?  november  2018  iot  for  patients  iot  for  hospitals  step  1:  step  2:  figure  1:  the  four  stages  of  iot  solutions  improved  treatment:  faster  disease  diagnosis:  proactive  treatment  dr.  rajashekhar  karjagi  head  analytics  solutions,  wipro  manish  jindal  manager  analytics  solutions,  wipro  wipro  helps  a  telecommunication  company  drive  efficiency  up  through  cost  optimization  wipro  helps  a  telecommunications  company  increase  efficiency  by  reducing  errors  hrough  automation  wipro  helps  a  telecommunication  service  provider  reduce  backlog  to  a  best  in  class  1
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  is  hard  to  overestimate  the  place  of  iot  in  healthcare  these  days.  smart  devices,  wearables  and  the  overall  level  of  connectivity  and  innovations  in  modern  medical  equipment  have  changed  the  industry  forever.  and  definitely  for  the  best.  in  this  piece,  youll  find  a  comprehensive  answer  to  the  majority  of  questions  you  can  have  about  the  state  of  iot  in  healthcare  in  2019.  enjoy  existek  is  a  custom  software  development  company  helping  our  customers  to  solve  their  business  challenges  with  best  in  its  class  software.  contact  us  to  get  an  instant  and  free  expert  consultation  about  your  project.  to  say
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  modern  medicine  is  striving  would  be  a  moderate  expression.  the  progress  accelerates  every  day  without  any  remorse,  transforming  all  known  medical  practices.  global  healthcare  evolves  based  on  the  latest  achievements  of  the  planets  greatest  minds  and  amazing  prospects  of  autonomous,  selflearning  tech  solutions.  along  with  such  rapid  development,  however,  comes  a  strict  necessity  to  keep  up  with  the  pace.  the  good  thing  is  that  all  medical  fields  are  either  looking  to  or  already  go  hand  in  hand  with  advanced  technologies  from  diagnostics  to  therapeutics,  from  pediatrics  to  complex  surgery.  technologies  are  numerous  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  you  name  it.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring but  what  particular  tech  concept  or  combination  of  concepts  can  provide  sufficient  monitoring  and  managing  powers  such  an  evergrowing,  global  niche  requires?  the  answer  may  be  found  in  the  .  despite  the  concepts  relatively  young  age,  its  already  become  closely  entangled  with  healthcare.  so  much  that  its  commonly  coined  as  the  internet  of  medical  things.  extensive  centralization  and  interconnection  capacities  the  iot  tech  provides  are  difficult  to  overestimate.  it  brings  health  monitoring,  remote  treatment,  hospital  physical  and  digital  infrastructure  organization  to  a  whole  new  level.  but  lets  ponder  on  iot  powers  in  healthcare  in  a  bit  more  detail.  the  internet
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  things  allows  setting  up  a  centralized  network  of  interconnected  devices  that  can  generate  and  exchange  data  within  a  single  framework.  all  that  data  can  also  be  tracked  and  gathered  in  real  time,  which  provides  a  passive  accumulation  of  analytics  materials.  in  terms  of  enhancement  for  medical  facilities,  this  means  that  a  regular  hospital  can  be  turned  into  a  smart  hospital.  it  is  an  advanced  facility  where  everything  is  tracked  and  managed  simultaneously  while  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  centralized  database.  such  tech  features  open  a  myriad  of  possibilities  to  improve  the  convenience,  efficiency,  and  even  budgetsaving  options
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  modern  hospitals.  the  advantages  of  iot  applications  in  healthcare  dont  end  there.  the  technology  has  a  very  diverse  field  of  application  in  medicine.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  major  implementations.  in  2018,  nhs  england  an  executive  nondepartmental  public  body  of  the  department  of  health  and  social  care  that  its  willing  to  support  a  remote  diabetes  treatment  solution.  the  statement  was  made  on  world  diabetes  day  2018.  the  solution  is  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm.  a  device  that  is  the  size  of  a  penny  which  monitors  blood  glucose  level  nonstop  after  its  inserted  in  a  patients  arm.  the  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  can  be  easily  accessed  via  your  android  or  ios  device.  massmarket  instances  of  such  products  are  and  .  such  smart  health  monitoring  devices  bring  huge  value  to  the  research  and  treatment  of  diabetics.  eversense  continuous  glucose  monitoring  sensor  that  can  be  implanted  in  the  patients  arm  and  lasts  up  to  90  days.  and  in  many  other  cases,  remote  capabilities  also  called  telehealth  may  make  the  need  to  visit  your  local  hospital  practically  obsolete.  an  excellent  resolution  for  patients  suffering  from  mobility  issues.  going  deeper  into  the  remote  subject,  the  iot  network  can  connect  and  track  practically  any  sensor  inserted
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring into  a  human  body  for  medical  purposes.  this  will  help  prevent  cardiac  arrests  from  infobionic,  all  sorts  of  seizures,  and  provide  medical  help  for  critical  patients  just  in  time.  infobionics  wearable  cardinal  tracker  streams  ecg  and  motion  data  to  the  doctor  in  real  time.  the  world  health  organization  in  2003  to  find  out  that  about  50  of  prescribed  medicines  arent  taken  the  right  way  or  completely  ignored.  a  prominent  example  of  resolving  this  issue  is  the  ingestible  sensors  solution  developed  by  proteus.  these  tiny  sensors  take  place  of  a  prescription  and  send  a  signal  a  receiving  device  upon  dissolution  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  stomach.  an  amazing  advanced  creation,  smart  pills  will  surely  help  reduce  the  rates  of  incorrect,  senseless  consumption  of  highly  important  medical  prescriptions.  now,  this  is  what  one  can  call  a  truly  advanced  drug  management.  while  being  an  advanced  piece  of  medical  technology,  porteus  smart  pills  have  the  same  tiny  size  as  the  actual  pills.  there  are  also  smart  pills  that  feature  tiny  cameras,  which  allow  conveniently  visualizing  the  inside  environment  of  ones  organism.  from  medtronic  is  one  example.  also  called  ,  its  the  way  of  watching  and  taking  care  of  ones  health  via  mobile  can  be  a  true  lifesaver
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  modern  patients,  practically  all  of  whom  use  smartphones  regularly.  mobile  health  is  an  emerging  field  that  contributes  heavily  to  both  critical  medical  situations  and  regular  treatment  instances.  as  weve  already  mentioned  in  the  remote  patient  monitoring  section,  mobile  apps  can  serve  as  the  management  means  for  health  tracking  devices.  this  is  only  a  small  portion  of  startups  who  are  trying  to  gain  market  share  with  their  mobile  app.  source:  such  apps  can  be  used  as  your  fullblown  healthcare  hub  where  you  can  access  valuable  medical  info,  analyze  your  organism  behavior  trends,  manage  other  bodyinserted  iot  sensors,  and  contact  your
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring doctor  with  a  single  tap.  this  is  an  especially  valuable  solution  for  underdeveloped  countries  of  the  world  where  people  cant  afford  regular  visits  to  hospitals  yet,  most  probably,  have  smartphones.  and  governments,  in  turn,  get  a  capability  to  see  how  the  population  is  doing  in  terms  of  health,  accumulating  massive  statistics.  there  are  many  apps  already  available  on  the  market,  ranging  in  functionality  and  purpose:  the  list  may  go  on.  you  can  check  it  all  out  yourself  on  your  oscompatible  mobile  application  market.  the  dissatisfaction  with  flawed,  difficult  to  manage  hospital  infrastructures  is  a  common  issue  of  a  vast  majority
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  planets  countries  even  the  developed  ones.  colossal  loads  of  paperwork,  long  and  frustrating  lines,  and  working  overload  most  nurses  and  doctors  experience  this  is  where  the  problem  stems.  practically  all  such  situations  can  be  turned  around  with  the  integration  of  iot  solutions.  huge,  cumbersome  paper  registers  can  be  replaced  with  an  automated,  centralized  database,  which  can  be  additionally  enhanced  in  terms  of  reliability  with  blockchain  and  smart  contracts;  a  single  management  system  can  receive  submissions,  help  optimally  control  queues,  and  track  staff  members  via  their  smartphones;  all  the  equipment  can  also  be  remotely  monitored  and  managed  e.g.,  shut
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring down  in  unprecedented  cases.  such  innovations  can  help  greatly  reduce  inhouse  costs  for  hospitals,  preserve  forests,  and  make  both  patients  and  medical  staffs  lives  easier.  the  overall  productivity  will  also  increase  due  to  the  automated  smart  solutions  capability  to  immediately  recognize  health  issues  which  would  otherwise  take  months  of  live  doctor  diagnostics.  with  iotpowered  wearables,  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  mobile  opportunities,  battling  chronic  diseases  becomes  more  efficient  and  accessible.  the  thing  is,  recurring  health  issues  must  be  monitored  and  analyzed  over  long  periods  of  time.  that  way,  trends  in  the  disease  fluctuations  can  be  defined  and  juxtaposed  in  order  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  most  efficiently  treated.  all  that  tech  allows  doing  just  that,  with  many  additional  capabilities  provided  by  the  integration  of  blockchain  and  ai  on  top  of  that.  this  is  very  important  when  it  comes  to  health  issues  as  difficult  to  understand  and  underexplored  as  the  chronic  ones.  as  much  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  seems  to  be  revolutionary  and  highlyefficient,  there  are  still  some  major  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare  this  tech  concept  must  overcome  down  the  road.  with  large,  gamechanging  integrations  such  as  this  one,  there  comes  along  a  myriad  of  technical  difficulties  and  adaptation  issues.  the  main
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring include:  considering  the  abovementioned  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare,  there  are,  indeed,  downsides  as  well  as  benefits  when  it  comes  to  the  medical  iot.  the  allconsuming  connection  of  health  devices  and  data  centralization  brings  many  significant  benefits  to  the  table,  such  as:  alternatively,  some  downsides  that  come  along  with  the  massive  implementation  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include:  in  2019,  there  can  be  defined  several  iomt  trends  implemented  by  majorities  of  startups  worldwide.  fullblown  smart  hospitals  by  2020,  mhealth  as  a  regular,  common  thing  on  a  global  scale,  and  reduced  physical  visits  to  hospitals  this  is  only  an  approximate  picture
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  iomt  success.  with  that  being  said,  as  young  as  the  concept  is,  it  isnt  really  regarded  to  be  that  novel  by  progressive  hospitals  of  the  now.  most  of  them  are  either  implementing  major  iot  techniques  and  capabilities  or  already  have  enhanced  parts  that  are  in  their  calibration  stage.  it  is  estimated  that  the  install  base  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  be  more  than  161  million  units  by  the  end  of  2020.  source:  business  insider  according  to  some  ,  almost  90  of  healthcare  establishments  and  organization  worldwide  will  be  employing  the  iot  as  a  regular  inhouse  tool  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  end  of  2019.  so,  the  now  of  the  healthcare  iot  is  pretty  vivid,  with  its  future  looking  even  brighter.  let  us  emphasize  once  more  that  the  iot  can  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  in  the  field  as  important  on  the  global  scale  as  healthcare.  there  are  still  many  difficulties,  peculiarities,  and  technological  obstacles  to  overcome.  and  even  though  there  are,  currently,  downsides  as  well  as  advantages  to  the  concept,  things  seem  to  go  very  well  for  this  technological  innovation.  we  are  pretty  confident  that  if  you  ask  most  medical  professionals  about  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  they  will
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring say  that  full  iomt  integration  and  adaptation  is  the  only  logical  way  of  development  for  advanced  medicine  of  the  future.  with  that  being  said,  enjoy  the  lifesaving,  healthimproving  fruits  of  the  massive  technological  progress.  read  the  full  article  about  .  if  youre  looking  for  the  experienced  embedded  to  help  you  with  an  iot  project  feel  free  to  contact  via  a  or  chat  widget.  our  team  has  completed  numerous  embedded  systems  projects  and  is  working  in  this  field  for  more  than  8  years.  we  will  be  glad  to  assist  and  provide  you  with  a  consultation.  written  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  it  is  hard  to  overestimate  the  place  of  iot  in  healthcare  these  days.  smart  devices,  wearables,  and  the  overall  level  of  connectivity  and  innovations  in  modern  medical  equipment  have  changed  the  industry  forever.  and  definitely  for  the  better.  in  this  piece,  youll  find  a  comprehensive  answer  to  the  majority  of  questions  you  can  have  about  the  state  of  iot  in  healthcare  in  2019.  to  say  that  modern  medicine  is  striving  would  be  a  moderate  expression.  the  progress  accelerates  every  day  without  any  remorse,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring transforming  all  known  medical  practices.  global  healthcare  evolves  based  on  the  latest  achievements  of  the  planets  greatest  minds  and  amazing  prospects  of  autonomous,  selflearning  tech  solutions.  along  with  such  rapid  development,  however,  comes  a  strict  necessity  to  keep  up  with  the  pace.  the  good  thing  is  that  all  medical  fields  are  either  looking  to  or  already  go  hand  in  hand  with  advanced  technologies  from  diagnostics  to  therapeutics,  from  pediatrics  to  complex  surgery.  technologies  are  numerous  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  you  name  it.  but  what  particular  tech  concept  or  combination  of  concepts  can  provide  sufficient  monitoring  and  managing  powers  such  an
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring evergrowing,  global  niche  requires?  the  answer  may  be  found  in  the  internet  of  things  or  iot.  despite  the  concepts  relatively  young  age,  its  already  become  closely  entangled  with  healthcare.  so  much  that  its  commonly  coined  as  the  internet  of  medical  things.  extensive  centralization  and  interconnection  capacities  the  iot  tech  provides  are  difficult  to  overestimate.  it  brings  health  monitoring,  remote  treatment,  hospital  physical  and  digital  infrastructure  organization  to  a  whole  new  level.  but  lets  ponder  on  iot  powers  in  healthcare  in  a  bit  more  detail.  the  internet  of  things  allows  setting  up  a  centralized  network  of  interconnected  devices  that  can  generate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  exchange  data  within  a  single  framework.  all  that  data  can  also  be  tracked  and  gathered  in  real  time,  which  provides  a  passive  accumulation  of  analytics  materials.  in  terms  of  enhancement  for  medical  facilities,  this  means  that  a  regular  hospital  can  be  turned  into  a  smart  hospital.  it  is  an  advanced  facility  where  everything  is  tracked  and  managed  simultaneously  while  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  centralized  database.  such  tech  features  open  a  myriad  of  possibilities  to  improve  the  convenience,  efficiency,  and  even  budgetsaving  options  of  modern  hospitals.  the  advantages  of  iot  applications  in  healthcare  dont  end  there.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring technology  has  a  very  diverse  field  of  application  in  medicine.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  major  implementations.  in  2018,  nhs  england  an  executive  nondepartmental  public  body  of  the  department  of  health  and  social  care  that  its  willing  to  support  a  remote  diabetes  treatment  solution.  the  statement  was  made  on  world  diabetes  day  2018.  the  solution  is  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm.  a  device  that  is  the  size  of  a  penny  which  monitors  blood  glucose  level  nonstop  after  its  inserted  in  a  patients  arm.  the  monitoring  data  can  be  easily  accessed  via  your  android  or  ios  device.  massmarket  instances  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring such  products  are  and  .  such  smart  health  monitoring  devices  bring  huge  value  to  the  research  and  treatment  of  diabetics.  the  eversense  continuous  glucose  monitoring  sensor  can  be  implanted  in  the  patients  arm  and  lasts  up  to  90  days.  and  in  many  other  cases,  remote  capabilities  also  called  telehealth  may  make  the  need  to  visit  your  local  hospital  practically  obsolete.  an  excellent  resolution  for  patients  suffering  from  mobility  issues.  going  deeper  into  the  remote  subject,  the  iot  network  can  connect  and  track  practically  any  sensor  inserted  into  a  human  body  for  medical  purposes.  this  will  help  prevent  cardiac  arrests  from
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring infobionic,  all  sorts  of  seizures,  and  provide  medical  help  for  critical  patients  just  in  time.  infobionics  wearable  cardinal  tracker  streams  ecg  and  motion  data  to  the  doctor  in  real  time.  the  world  health  organization  in  2003  to  find  out  that  about  50  percent  of  prescribed  medicines  arent  taken  the  right  way  or  completely  ignored.  a  prominent  example  of  resolving  this  issue  is  the  ingestible  sensors  solution  developed  by  proteus.  these  tiny  sensors  take  place  of  a  prescription  and  send  a  signal  a  receiving  device  upon  dissolution  in  the  stomach.  an  amazing  advanced  creation,  smart  pills  will  surely  help  reduce  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rates  of  incorrect,  senseless  consumption  of  highly  important  medical  prescriptions.  now,  this  is  what  one  can  call  a  truly  advanced  drug  management.  while  being  an  advanced  piece  of  medical  technology,  porteus  smart  pills  have  the  same  tiny  size  as  the  actual  pills.  there  are  also  smart  pills  that  feature  tiny  cameras,  which  allow  conveniently  visualizing  the  inside  environment  of  ones  organism.  from  medtronic  is  one  example.  also  called  ,  its  the  way  of  watching  and  taking  care  of  ones  health  via  mobile  can  be  a  true  lifesaver  for  modern  patients,  practically  all  of  whom  use  smartphones  regularly.  mobile  health  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  emerging  field  that  contributes  heavily  to  both  critical  medical  situations  and  regular  treatment  instances.  as  weve  already  mentioned  in  the  remote  patient  monitoring  section,  mobile  apps  can  serve  as  the  management  means  for  health  tracking  devices.  in  the  image  above,  this  is  only  a  small  portion  of  startups  who  are  trying  to  gain  market  share  with  their  mobile  app.  source:  such  apps  can  be  used  as  your  fullblown  healthcare  hub  where  you  can  access  valuable  medical  info,  analyze  your  organism  behavior  trends,  manage  other  bodyinserted  iot  sensors,  and  contact  your  doctor  with  a  single  tap.  this  is  an  especially
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring valuable  solution  for  underdeveloped  countries  of  the  world  where  people  cant  afford  regular  visits  to  hospitals  yet,  most  probably,  have  smartphones.  and  governments,  in  turn,  get  a  capability  to  see  how  the  population  is  doing  in  terms  of  health,  accumulating  massive  statistics.  there  are  many  apps  already  available  on  the  market,  ranging  in  functionality  and  purpose:  the  list  may  go  on.  you  can  check  it  all  out  yourself  on  your  oscompatible  mobile  application  market.  the  dissatisfaction  with  flawed,  difficulttomanage  hospital  infrastructures  is  a  common  issue  of  a  vast  majority  of  the  planets  countries  even  the  developed  ones.  colossal  loads  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring paperwork,  long  and  frustrating  lines,  and  working  overload  most  nurses  and  doctors  experience  this  is  where  the  problem  stems.  practically  all  such  situations  can  be  turned  around  with  the  integration  of  iot  solutions.  huge,  cumbersome  paper  registers  can  be  replaced  with  an  automated,  centralized  database,  which  can  be  additionally  enhanced  in  terms  of  reliability  with  blockchain  and  smart  contracts;  a  single  management  system  can  receive  submissions,  help  optimally  control  queues,  and  track  staff  members  via  their  smartphones;  all  the  equipment  can  also  be  remotely  monitored  and  managed  e.g.,  shut  down  in  unprecedented  cases.  such  innovations  can  help  greatly  reduce  inhouse
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring costs  for  hospitals,  preserve  forests,  and  make  both  patients  and  medical  staffs  lives  easier.  the  overall  productivity  will  also  increase  due  to  the  automated  smart  solutions  capability  to  immediately  recognize  health  issues  which  would  otherwise  take  months  of  live  doctor  diagnostics.  with  iotpowered  wearables,  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  mobile  opportunities,  battling  chronic  diseases  become  more  efficient  and  accessible.  the  thing  is,  recurring  health  issues  must  be  monitored  and  analyzed  over  long  periods  of  time.  that  way,  trends  in  the  disease  fluctuations  can  be  defined  and  juxtaposed  in  order  to  be  most  efficiently  treated.  all  that  tech  allows  doing  just  that,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  many  additional  capabilities  provided  by  the  integration  of  blockchain  and  ai  on  top  of  that.  this  is  very  important  when  it  comes  to  health  issues  as  difficult  to  understand  and  underexplored  as  the  chronic  ones.  as  much  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  seems  to  be  revolutionary  and  highlyefficient,  there  are  still  some  major  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare  this  tech  concept  must  overcome  down  the  road.  with  large,  gamechanging  integrations  such  as  this  one,  there  comes  along  a  myriad  of  technical  difficulties  and  adaptation  issues.  the  main  include:  considering  the  abovementioned  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare,  there  are,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring indeed,  downsides  as  well  as  benefits  when  it  comes  to  the  medical  iot.  the  allconsuming  connection  of  health  devices  and  data  centralization  brings  many  significant  benefits  to  the  table,  such  as:  alternatively,  some  downsides  that  come  along  with  the  massive  implementation  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include:  in  2019,  there  can  be  defined  several  iomt  trends  implemented  by  majorities  of  startups  worldwide.  fullblown  smart  hospitals  by  2020,  mhealth  as  a  regular,  common  thing  on  a  global  scale,  and  reduced  physical  visits  to  hospitals  this  is  only  an  approximate  picture  of  the  iomt  success.  with  that  being  said,  as  young  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  concept  is,  it  isnt  really  regarded  to  be  that  novel  by  progressive  hospitals  of  the  now.  most  of  them  are  either  implementing  major  iot  techniques  and  capabilities  or  already  have  enhanced  parts  that  are  in  their  calibration  stage.  it  is  estimated  that  the  install  base  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  be  more  than  161  million  units  by  the  end  of  2020.  source:  business  insider  according  to  some  ,  almost  90  percent  of  healthcare  establishments  and  organization  worldwide  will  be  employing  the  iot  as  a  regular  inhouse  tool  by  the  end  of  2019.  so,  the  now  of  the  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  is  pretty  vivid,  with  its  future  looking  even  brighter.  let  us  emphasize  once  more  that  the  iot  can  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  in  the  field  as  important  on  the  global  scale  as  healthcare.  there  are  still  many  difficulties,  peculiarities,  and  technological  obstacles  to  overcome.  and  even  though  there  are,  currently,  downsides  as  well  as  advantages  to  the  concept,  things  seem  to  go  very  well  for  this  technological  innovation.  we  are  pretty  confident  that  if  you  ask  most  medical  professionals  about  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  they  will  say  that  full  iomt  integration  and  adaptation  is  the  only
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring logical  way  of  development  for  advanced  medicine  of  the  future.  with  that  being  said,  enjoy  the  lifesaving,  healthimproving  fruits  of  the  massive  technological  progress.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  technology  pundits  are  often  given  to  hyperbole,  but  when  they  claim  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  everything  ,  they  may  have  a  point.  at  least,  the  iot  is  being  used  in  just  about  everything  you  can  think  of,  from  deeply  geeky  applications  such  as  industrial  sensors  to  frivolous  gimmicks  like  wifi  enabled  toothbrushes.  dont  believe  me?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  many,  many
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring different  iot  use  cases  that  people  are  actually  usingor  at  least  testing.  iot  is  the  key  concept  powering  wearables  from  fitness  trackers  to  smartwatches,  but  keeping  weekend  warriors  fit  is  only  the  beginning.  to  push  their  performance  parameters.  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum,  iot  can  .  monitoring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  for  example,  and  even  automatically  alerting  emergency  personnel  when  they  detect  problematic  readingsor  to  send  help  when  an  elderly  person  has  fallen  and  cant  get  up.  down  the  road,  smart  pills  promise  to  share  diagnostic  information  from  inside  the  body.  connected  cars  are  using  iot  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connect  everything  from  engine  diagnostics  to  gps  data  and  infotainment  systems.  inexpensive,  lowpower  iot  devices  track  location  information  for  all  kinds  of  items,  in  warehouses,  shipping  depots  and  in  transit,  not  to  mention  monitoring  temperature,  vibration  and  container  openings  for  quality  control  and  insurance  purposesespecially  of  valuable  or  dangerous  items,  such  as  drugs  or  jewelry  but  not  firearms,  at  least  in  the  united  states.  the  technology  is  even  being  used  to  detect  storage  incompatibilities,  delivering  alerts  when  flammable  goods  are  stored  near  explosive  materials.  connected  devices  include  tvs,  refrigerators,  lights,  thermostats,  smoke  detectors  and  other  sensors,  security  systems  and  much
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring more.  hotels  have  long  pioneered  using  iot  for  room  keys,  and  .  farmers  are  using  iot  to  track  equipment  location  and  performance,  and  increasingly  .  iot  sensors  are  also  determining  soil  moisture  levels  to  control  irrigation  systems  and  minimize  water  consumption.  vintners  even  use  iot  to  track  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  better  understand  grapevine  health  and  sugar  levels  in  grapes.  its  even  showing  up  to  track  air  quality  and  toxic  gas  levels  in  barns  and  hen  houses  as  well  as  humidity  and  temperature  in  compost  operations  to  minimize  fungus  and  other  contaminants.  iot  is  being  used  in  golf  courses
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  ball  fields  to  control  selective  irrigation.  far  beyond  home  security  cameras,  iot  is  also  detecting  activity  in  restricted  areas.  nobody  wants  a  flooded  data  center,  and  iot  is  being  used  to  check  for  liquid  detection  in  technology  facilities,  warehouses  and  other  highvalue  areas.  beyond  that,  iot  is  also  being  used  in  the  power  and  mining  industries  to  monitor  radiation  levels  and  poisonous  or  explosive  gases.  want  to  make  sure  there  are  ?  iot  is  there  to  help.  instead  of  basing  premiums  on  group  risk  factors,  such  as  age  or  driving  experience,  based  on  mileage  and  actual  driving  habits.  iot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  a  key  factor  in  smart  lighting  grids  and  more  efficient  transportation  and  parking  systems,  including  smart  traffic  lights  that  adapt  to  traffic  conditions  in  real  time.  they  can  even  be  configured  to  allow  emergency  responders  and  medical  teams  to  synchronize  with  traffic  lights  to  speed  access  to  critical  locationor  to  change  the  lights  so  cars  dont  have  to  wait  when  theres  no  other  traffic.  utility  companies,  meanwhile,  are  moving  past  smart  meters  to  leverage  iot  to  enable  ondemand  trash  pickup.  iot  is  especially  useful  for  figuring  out  when  maintenance  is  needed  for  all  kinds  of  highvalue  equipment,  from  servers
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  power  plants  to  giant  construction  equipment  to  aircraft  and  military  hardware.  the  connection  between  ai  and  iot  may  not  be  immediately  obvious,  but  .  on  the  one  hand,  iot  sensors  let  ai  systems  experience  their  environment  directly.  on  the  other  hand,  ai  and  machine  learning  make  it  possible  to  glean  actionable  insights  from  the  vast  arrays  iot  devices  spewing  out  more  data  than  humans  can  easily  make  sense  of.  the  uses  for  iot  are  practically  limitless,  and  new  applications  are  being  developed  all  the  time.  along  with  the  incredible  opportunity,  of  course,  come  challenges  in  optimizing  a  technology  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reaches  deeply  into  so  many  aspects  of  our  businessesand  our  lives.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring thinkstock  if  theres  one  thing  about  healthcare  that  just  about  everyone  can  agree  on,  its  that  iot  is  transforming  the  industry.  ,  tools  and  workflows  into  the  mix  that  are  not  only  ensuring  better  patient  care  and  treatment  outcomes,  but  are  also  bringing  new  efficiencies  that  are  reducing  healthcare  costs.  the  iot  has  been  used  for  quite  some  time,  and  the  list  of  use  cases  continues  to  grow.  but  its  the  use  of  iot  outside  hospitals  and  doctors  offices  in  situations  that  allow  for  remote  patient  monitoring  that  is  attracting  a  lot  of  recent  attention.  by  allowing  patients  to  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitored  at  home,  instead  of  in  a  healthcare  facility,  the  true  connected  potential  is  realized  for  .  in  many  cases,  these  remote  monitoring  devices  are  taking  on  a  much  more  userfriendly  form  factor,  appearing  to  the  user  to  be  more  like  than  .  when  devices  seem  less  like  bulky  medical  devices  and  more  like  wellness  devices,  patients  are  more  likely  to  actually  wear  them.  there  is  significant  interest  in  the  use  of  medicalgrade  wearables,  including  smart  fabric,  glucose  monitoring  devices,  electrocardiogram  patches,  pulse  oximeters  and  other  devices  that  untether  patients  from  healthcare  facilities.  as  much  as  companies  are  changing  form
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring factors  to  make  devices  more  userfriendly,  in  the  end,  its  all  about  the  data  gathered  that  is  making  remote  monitoring  so  successful  for  healthcare  providers  and  their  patients.  rather  than  a  hospital  or  doctors  office  visit,  remote  monitoring  relies  on  a  patient  regularly  taking  their  own  blood  pressure,  or  measuring  glucose  or  oxygen  levels  and  other  vital  stats  in  a  home  environment.  wearable  devices  do  this  automatically  and  report  data  to  the  healthcare  organizations  platform  using  a  or  wifi  connection.  another  use  case  for  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  is  ,  where  theres  been  a  significant  increase  in  accurately  reported
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  as  well  as  improved  patient  engagement.  in  this  case,  connected  devices  are  playing  an  important  role  in  providing  accurate  readings  of  vital  stats  during  the  trial  period,  allowing  the  patient  to  remain  at  home  instead  of  at  a  healthcare  facility.  across  a  range  of  use  cases,  there  is  a  number  of  benefits  to  using  iot  in  healthcare,  such  as:  the  number  of  patients  under  remote  monitoring  using  interconnected  devices  jumped  by  44  to  7.1  million  in  2016,  according  to  research  firm  berg  insight.  berg  predicts  that  by  2021  there  will  be  50.2  million  people  remotely  monitored  using  connected  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring devices  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  48.  yet,  the  iot  can  be  complicated,  especially  in  healthcare,  where  and  concerns  are  right  up  there  with  the  desire  to  create  better  patient  outcomes.  the  types  of  remote  monitoring  scenarios  described  earlier  put  a  spotlight  on  the  security  of  the  data  being  collected  and  transmitted.  security  needs  to  be  an  endtoend  priority,  from  the  device,  across  the  network  and  to  the  receiving  end.  many  healthcare  organizations  choose  to  focus  on  their  core  competencies  patient  care  and  look  to  thirdparty  managed  iot  services  providers  to  deliver  optimal  iot  experiences  that  are  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring right  fit  and  at  the  right  cost  for  healthcare  practitioners  and  patients.  a  managed  iot  services  provider  can  look  holistically  at  a  healthcare  organization  and  determine  the  best  path  forward,  from  device  management  to  connectivity  to  network  management  to  deployment  and  logistics.  through  this  endtoend  approach,  security  is  a  priority  across  devices  and  networks.  the  result:  not  only  are  patients  seeing  better  outcomes,  but  the  healthcare  organizations  are  seeing  improvement  in  business  agility,  reduced  cost  and  risk,  and  increased  security.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring spam.  .  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  website  uses  a  variety  of  cookies,  which  you  consent  to  if  you  continue  to  use  this  site.  you  can  read  our  for  details  about  how  these  cookies  are  used,  and  to  grant  or  withdraw  your  consent  for  certain  types  of  cookies.  consent  and  dismiss  this  banner  by  clicking  agree.  by  the  internet  of  things,  that  loose  conglomeration  of  internetenabled  mobile  and  monitoring  devices,  has  found  its  place  in  the  healthcare  industry  almost  by  accident.  providers  and  developers  looking  for  population  health  management  solutions  and  better  strategies  for  chronic  disease  care  started  to  turn  to  wearables,  smartphones,  tablets,  and  home
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  devices  on  an  ad  hoc  basis  to  solve  specific  problems  facing  their  patients  and  their  bottom  lines.  but  as  ehr  adoption  flourishes  and  healthcares  fascination  with  big  data  analytics  starts  to  become  big  business,  these  experimental  forays  into  iot  for  population  health  management  and  are  no  longer  a  novelty.  the  internet  of  things  has  become  increasingly  meaningful  to  healthcare  organizations  seeking  more  seamless,  attractive,  impactful  ways  to  keep  their  patients  happier  and  healthier  on  a  larger  scale.  what  are  that  healthcare  organizations  are  using  the  internet  of  things  to  improve  their  population  health  management  capabilities  as  the  industry  tries
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  balance  consumer  desires  for  innovative  technology  with  smoother  provider  workflows  and  better  outcomes?  apple  is  pretty  used  to  releasing  disruptive  mobile  technologies  by  now,  and  despite  its  skeptics,  the  apple  watch  looks  like  it  might  be  one  of  them.  the  smart  watch  category  has  been  staggering  along  as  a  consumer  novelty  for  several  years,  but  the  wearable  devices  seem  to  have  found  in  the  healthcare  industry  thanks  to  healthkit  and  researchkit,  two  projects  that  have  already  turned  the  wristtop  computers  into  internet  of  things  superstars.  academics  have  been  enthusiastic  over  since  the  march  of  researchkit,  which  promised  a  rich,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cloudbased  playground  of  anonymized  patient  information  that  could  be  used  for  everything  from  diagnosis  parkinsons  disease  to  managing  asthma  and  diabetes.  a  few  pioneering  healthcare  organizations  have  already  jumped  on  the  chronic  disease  management  possibilities  of  the  wearable  devices,  including  ochsner  health  system  in  louisiana.  as  part  of  its  population  health  management  efforts,  ochsner  the  apple  watch  and  apple  healthkit,  along  with  wireless  blood  pressure  monitors  supported  by  its  epic  ehr  infrastructure,  to  help  patients  maintain  better  control  of  their  hypertension.  typically,  hypertension  patients  see  their  physician  a  few  times  a  year.  now,  we  are  offering  a  new  way  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring deliver  care  in  patients  with  chronic  diseases  in  which  we  can  communicate  with  the  patient  in  a  more  intimate  way,  more  frequently,  said  richard  milani,  md,  chief  clinical  transformation  officer  at  ochsner  health  system.  we  recognize  that  to  be  impactful  with  this  method,  we  need  to  fundamentally  change  behavior,  he  added.  we  can  do  this  by  providing  continuous  feedback  with  reminders  and  words  of  encouragement  to  promote  lifestyle  modification.  what  better  way  than  to  utilize  the  capabilities  of  the  apple  watch  to  make  this  an  easier  transition.  bringing  continuous  monitoring  into  the  home  setting  is  one  of  the  most  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  has  to  offer.  as  patients  of  all  ages  and  technical  abilities  become  more  familiar  with  the  basics  of  internetconnected  consumer  devices  they  are  now  using  for  a  wide  variety  of  routine  tasks,  healthcare  providers  are  now  able  to  extend  their  presence  into  the  daily  lives  of  patients  without  an  insurmountably  steep  learning  curve.  a  of  diabetic  patients  that  included  the  use  of  wireless  blood  pressure  and  blood  glucose  measurement  devices,  coupled  with  an  internetconnected  pillbox  that  transmitted  data  directly  to  participating  primary  care  providers,  clearly  showed  the  potential  for  home  monitoring  devices  to  help  patients  keep  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring chronic  conditions  under  control.  patients  who  participated  in  the  study  rated  the  equipment  easy  to  use,  unobtrusive,  and  helpful  for  their  ongoing  care  and  organizational  skills.  providers  dedicated  relatively  little  time  to  the  care  coordination  project,  and  found  the  resulting  reports  beneficial  for  tracking  their  patients  progress  and  requested  that  the  data  be  integrated  into  their  ehrs.  collecting  meaningful  and  pertinent  patientgenerated  health  data  has  been  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  of  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare,  and  remains  a  problem  for  providers  already  overwhelmed  with  the  sheer  volume  of  clicks  and  checkboxes  involved  in  basic  ehr  use.  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  providers  have  already  taken  a  stand  against  an  influx  of  new  data  that  might  complicate  their  workflows  how  can  they  be  convinced  that  data  from  wearables,  mhealth  apps,  and  other  internet  of  things  applications  can  have  clinical  value?  smartphones  and  wearables  are  driving  a  major  behavioral  shift  in  consumer  health  and  wellness,  said  gil  bashe,  executive  vice  president  of  makovsky  health.  the  company  found  that  79  percent  of  patients  are  interested  in  using  some  sort  of  wearable  device  to  track  their  daily  wellness  metrics,  especially  if  they  had  a  specific  chronic  disease  to  worry  about.  beyond  a  desire  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring speed  access  to  information,  consumers  are  using  technology  to  engage  proactively  in  managing  their  health.  savvy  health  marketers  will  apply  these  insights  to  engage  and  involve  patients  in  more  meaningful,  customized  ways.  this  patientgenerated  health  data,  by  internet  of  things  devices,  has  the  potential  to  fill  in  the  blanks  inherent  in  ehrs,  which  have  always  been  oriented  to  generate  documentation  of  a  specific  episode  of  care.  using  electronically  collected  patientreported  outcomes  to  capture  the  review  of  system  outside  of  the  clinic  visit  may  not  only  improve  the  efficiency,  completeness,  and  accuracy  of  data  collection  for  the  review  of  system,  but
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring also  provide  the  opportunity  to  operationalize  incorporating  the  patients  voice  into  the  electronic  health  record,  university  of  north  carolina  at  chapel  hill  researchers  arlene  e.chung  andethan  m.basch  in  a  jamia  article.  data  rests  at  the  heart  of  health  its  capacity  to  help  improve  care  quality  and  health  outcomes:  standardsbased,  interoperable  electronic  systems  make  it  possible  to  access,  share,  use  and  reuse  information  that  was  once  locked  in  paper  charts  kept  by  individual  providers,  representatives  from  the  office  of  the  national  coordinator  in  january.  as  more  and  more  consumers  engage  and  adopt  mobile  health  technologies  to  help  them  better  track  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring daily  health  and  wellbeing,  it  will  be  increasingly  important  to  consider  how  those  data  can  flow  seamlessly  from  consumers  to  providers  and  back  to  help  everyone  achieve  better  health.  twitter  may  be  better  known  as  the  forum  of  choice  for  celebrity  feuds  and  pictures  of  restaurant  dinners,  but  social  media  has  proven  to  be  a  valuable  tool  for  researchers  looking  to  leverage  big  data  from  140  characters  or  less.  patients  glued  to  their  smartphones,  the  ultimate  iot  devices,  often  mix  in  healthrelated  complaints  amidst  their  ordinary  chitchat,  and  data  scientists  are  hard  at  work  figuring  out  how  those  messages  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  useful  for  healthcare  organizations.  thanks  to  the  power  of  machine  learning  and  sophisticated  algorithms  that  can  help  extract  meaning  from  seemingly  mundane  communications,  twitter  is  becoming  a  hotbed  of  big  data  analytics  activity.  from  to  interpreting  the  ,  patients  can  provide  a  great  deal  of  information  into  their  health  and  wellness  through  social  media  and  online  search.  providers  may  be  able  to  directly  benefit  from  these  communications,  as  well.  researchers  at  the  university  of  arizona  a  combination  of  keywords,  time  stamps,  and  location  data  from  hundreds  of  thousands  of  tweets  to  chart  potential  emergency  department  usage  among  twittersavvy  asthma
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patients.  the  work  has  the  potential  to  help  model  how  and  when  asthmarelated  resources  should  be  available  in  local  emergency  departments,  says  dr.  sudha  ram,  a  ua  professor  of  computer  science  and  big  data.  interventions  would  be  prioritized  in  time  and  place  to  reduce  the  risk  for  asthma  ed  visits,  she  predicts.  for  instance,  public  health  resources  could  be  used  to  reach  out  to  patients  from  highrisk  clusters  or  communities  at  any  given  time,  and  direct  them  towards  less  costly  and  more  efficient  care  sites  such  as  their  primary  care  provider  offices.  moreover,  predicted  risks  could  be  spatially  and  temporally
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring visualized,  and  made  available  to  community  stakeholders  through  various  media  sources,  she  added,  a  resource  that  could  be  accessed  through  the  same  smartphones  that  generated  the  data  in  the  first  place.  the  internet  of  things  isnt  just  a  consumerfacing  venture.  providers  are  heavy  users  of  mobile  technology,  too.  they  rely  on  accurate,  complete  data  from  medical  devices  and  to  keep  them  informed.  in  the  inpatient  setting,  the  iot  includes  laptops  and  computer  workstations,  bedside  monitors,  smartphones,  tablets,  and  even  like  pacemakers  that  beam  data  from  inside  the  patients  themselves.  developers  have  struggled  with  the  ability  to  ensure  that  the  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring from  all  these  devices  and  tools  can  be  synthesized  and  presented  in  a  meaningful  way,  but  healthcare  organizations  are  increasingly  making  medical  device  integration  and  care  coordination.  its  not  like  that  anymore.  when  we  collect  a  set  of  vital  signs  or  information  from  other  devices  like  ventilators,  that  information  is  validated  right  there  at  the  point  of  care.  it  goes  into  the  record  straight  away.  so  everybody  that  needs  to  make  care  and  treatment  decisions  about  that  patient  has  uptodate,  realtime  information  on  that  patient  regardless  of  where  theyre  accessing  that  record  from.  they  dont  have  to  be  on  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring unit.  they  can  be  at  home  and  access  that  information,  or  on  their  mobile  device  and  access  that  information,  she  continued.  so  our  ability  to  have  realtime  access  to  data  brings  us  into  a  whole  new  world  now  that  we  have  our  devices  properly  integrated.  whether  intended  for  consumers  or  based  in  the  icu,  medical  devices  are  at  the  core  of  healthcares  internet  of  things  ambitions,  and  integration  is  the  name  of  the  game.  data  must  be  collected  quickly  and  efficiently  and  to  its  intended  audience  if  it  is  to  be  useful  for  decisionmaking.  with  population  health  management  slated  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring become  an  increasingly  pressing  concern  for  providers  shifting  towards  the  financial  risk  involved  in  accountable  care,  the  internet  of  things  has  already  become  a  vital  part  of  the  industrys  efforts  to  meet  the  triple  aim.  wearables,  smartphones,  remote  monitoring  tools,  and  bedside  devices  that  successfully  combine  into  a  seamless  network  of  comprehensive  patient  data  will  provide  newly  actionable  insights  for  healthcare  providers  seeking  the  best  information  available  for  clinical  decision  making  and  patient  management.  newsletter  signup  sign  up  to  receive  our  newsletter  and  access  our  resources  most  read  stories  popular  topics  most  read  features  complete  your  profile  below  to  access
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  resource.  thanks  for  subscribing  to  our  newsletter.  please  fill  out  the  form  below  to  become  a  member  and  gain  access  to  our  resources.  enter  your  email  address  to  receive  a  link  to  reset  your  password  join  25,000  of  your  peers  register  for  free  to  get  access  to  all  our  articles,  webcasts,  white  papers  and  exclusive  interviews.  20122019  xtelligent  healthcare  media,  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  healthitanalytics.com  is  published  by  xtelligent  healthcare  media,  llc
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring more  objects  are  becoming  embedded  with  sensors  and  gaining  the  ability  to  communicate.  the  resulting  information  networks  promise  to  create  new  business  models,  improve  business  processes,  and  reduce  costs  and  risksincluding  for  healthcare.  the  internet  of  thingssensors  and  actuators  connected  by  networks  to  computing  systemshas  received  enormous  attention  over  the  past  five  years.  a  new  mckinsey  global  institute  report,  the  internet  of  things:  mapping  the  value  beyond  the  hype  ,  attempts  to  determine  exactly  how  iot  technology  can  create  real  economic  valueincluding  for  healthcare.  our  central  finding  is  that  the  hype  may  actually  understate  the  full  potentialbut  that  capturing  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring will  require  an  understanding  of  where  real  value  can  be  created  and  a  successful  effort  to  address  a  set  of  systems  issues,  including  interoperability.  to  get  a  broader  view  of  the  iots  potential  benefits  and  challenges  across  the  global  economy,  we  analyzed  more  than  150  use  cases,  ranging  from  people  whose  devices  monitor  health  and  wellness  to  manufacturers  that  utilize  sensors  to  optimize  the  maintenance  of  equipment  and  protect  the  safety  of  workers.  our  bottomup  analysis  for  the  applications  we  size  estimates  that  the  iot  has  a  total  potential  economic  impact  of  3.9  trillion  to  11.1  trillion  a  year  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 2025,  and  could  reach  1.6  trillion  in  the  human  segment,  which  were  describing  as  devices  attached  to  or  inside  the  human  body  that  people  will  use  to  monitor  and  manage  health  and  wellness.  at  the  top  end,  that  level  of  valueincluding  the  consumer  surpluswould  be  equivalent  to  about  11  percent  of  the  world  economy.  achieving  this  kind  of  impact  would  require  certain  conditions  to  be  in  place,  notably  overcoming  the  technical,  organizational,  and  regulatory  hurdles.  in  particular,  companies  that  use  iot  technology  will  play  a  critical  role  in  developing  the  right  systems  and  processes  to  maximize  its  value.  among  our
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring findings:  the  digitization  of  machines,  vehicles,  and  other  elements  of  the  physical  world  is  a  powerful  idea.  even  at  this  early  stage,  the  iot  is  starting  to  have  a  real  impact  by  changing  how  goods  are  made  and  distributed,  how  products  are  serviced  and  refined,  and  how  doctors  and  patients  manage  health  and  wellness.  but  capturing  the  full  potential  of  iot  applications  will  require  innovation  in  technologies  and  business  models,  as  well  as  investment  in  new  capabilities  and  talent.  with  policy  actions  to  encourage  interoperability,  ensure  security,  and  protect  privacy  and  property  rights,  the  internet  of  things  can  begin  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reach  its  full  potentialespecially  if  leaders  truly  embrace  datadriven  decision  making.  read  the  full  article  on  the  human  health  section  starts  on  page  37  required  fields  are  marked  with  an  asterisk  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  you  with  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  site,  and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  using  this  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  mohammed  dauwed  and  ahmed  meri  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86014  downloaded:  336  utilising  the  new  trend  technologies  in  healthcare  sector  could  offer  alternative  ways  in  managing  the  patients  health  records  and  also  improve  the  healthcare  quality.  as  such,  this  chapter  provides  an  overview  of  utilising  the  internet  of  things  iot  technology  in  healthcare  sector  as  an  emerging  research  and  practical  trend  nowadays.  the  main  benefits  and  advantages  have  been  discussed  in  this  chapter.  on  the  other  hand,  it  has  been  found  that  most  of  the  hospitals  in  different  countries  are  still  facing  many  issues
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring regarding  their  health  information  exchange.  recently,  various  studies  in  the  area  of  healthcare  information  system  mentioned  that  the  fragmentations  of  the  health  information  are  one  of  the  most  important  challenges  with  the  distribution  of  patient  information  records.  therefore,  in  this  chapter,  we  gave  an  in  detail  overview  regarding  the  current  issues  facing  the  health  sector  in  line  with  the  iot  technologies.  additionally,  a  full  description  of  advantages  and  disadvantages  has  been  highlighted  for  using  iot  in  healthcare  that  can  be  considered  as  solutions  for  the  mentioned  issues.  address  all  correspondence  to:  altaaesiswa.ukm.edu.my  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86014  edited  by  yasser  ismail  the  internet
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  things  iot  is  a  new  technology  that  aims  to  connect  the  world  via  smart  devices  or  objects  with  capabilities  of  collecting  and  sharing  various  types  of  information  at  any  location,  time,  media  and  environments.  by  assigning  a  unique  identification  to  each  object  in  the  network,  iot  allows  its  users  to  live  smart,  safe  lives.  in  healthcare  systems,  iot  is  mainly  used  to  gain  quick  access  to  health  information.  iot  can  be  defined  as  an  interconnected  network  that  links  a  large  number  of  devices  to  one  another  for  purposes  of  making  largescale  information  accessible  to  all.  this  technology  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring seen  as  a  grid  of  computers  that  deliver  software  and  data  via  the  internet.  as  illustrated  in  ,  cisco  defines  iot  as  a  revolution  of  the  internet  of  everything  that  involves  people,  processes,  data  and  things  .  iot  revolution  1.  many  health  organisations  need  to  exchange  data  with  one  another  to  address  their  problems  and  to  improve  their  performance  .  healthrelated  data  are  especially  important  for  these  organisations  to  provide  their  patients  with  better  healthcare  services.  the  exchange  of  health  information  among  these  organisations  has  been  termed  health  information  exchange  hie,  which  has  become  a  pervasive  global  phenomenon  ,  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring although  not  a  novel  concept  in  the  health  industry,  hie  needs  to  reinvent  itself  every  2.5years  to  adapt  to  the  current  technological  advancements  and  the  changes  in  the  environment  .  according  to  the  evolution  of  state  health  information  exchange  in  the  u.s.  2006,  hie  offers  many  significant  contributions  to  the  designing  of  different  projects,  such  as  financing,  identifying  patterns  of  success,  ensuring  programmatic  sustainability  and  highlighting  challenges,  trends  and  best  practices  .  hie  also  provides  many  opportunities  to  improve  the  quality  and  reduce  the  cost  of  healthcare,  improve  the  workflows  of  clinical  organisations  and  facilitate  the  administration  of  data  within
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  healthcare  system  .  however,  hie  also  poses  one  of  the  most  complex  problems  in  electronic  health  record  ehr  management  .  therefore,  dissemination  and  communication  are  essential  attributes  of  health  information  systems  .  the  medical  records  of  each  patient  are  stored  in  physical  and  electronic  databases.  however,  when  patients  decide  to  move  to  new  healthcare  providers,  the  latter  have  no  tools  or  directories  that  they  can  use  to  check  where  the  medical  records  of  these  patients  are  stored.  such  inaccessibility  of  medical  records  can  lead  to  unnecessary  procedures,  duplicate  tests  and  many  other  problems,  such  as  adverse  drug  interaction.  according
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  tharmalingam  etal.  ,  canada  faces  many  difficulties  related  to  hie,  including  complex  systems,  lack  of  knowledge  as  to  the  location  of  patients  medical  records,  lack  of  access  to  information  and  lack  of  data  standards  that  allow  the  exchange  of  clinical  information.  some  nontechnological  barriers  also  exist,  including  care  burden,  issues  related  to  patient  consent,  differences  in  business  models,  limited  understanding  of  procedures  and  loss  of  competitive  advantage  ,  .  virtually  storing  patient  data  and  making  them  ubiquitously  accessible  to  all  healthcare  personnel  is  the  first  step  in  hie  .  recent  years  have  witnessed  an  increasing  interest  in  the  application
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  sensing  technologies  and  widely  available  smart  devices  for  monitoring  personal  health,  fitness  and  activity.  continuously  recording  key  physiological  parameters  via  sensors  can  provide  healthcare  practitioners  with  the  necessary  data  to  produce  rich  longitudinal  records  .  meanwhile,  data  from  physical  examinations  provide  doctors  with  comprehensive  information  that  allows  them  to  measure  the  physiological  and  metabolic  states  of  their  patients.  accessing  a  large  number  of  observation  data  via  health  information  systems  can  also  help  doctors  improve  their  prognosis  for  their  patients  and  recommend  effective  treatment,  intervention  and  lifestyle  choices  to  improve  their  health  quality  .  with  the  massive  advancements  in  communication
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  computer  technologies,  organisations  must  urgently  apply  and  utilise  these  technologies  to  compete  effectively  and  survive  in  the  market.  iot  cannot  improve  the  performance  of  hospitals  if  such  technology  is  not  being  utilised  to  measure  the  success  of  a  system  .  a  vast  and  multilayered  infrastructure  of  ubiquitous  computing  technologies  and  applications  is  also  emerging.  mobile  phones,  laptops,  wifi,  bluetooth,  personal  digital  assistants  and  various  forms  of  sensing  devices  based  on  digital  and  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  technologies  have  also  penetrated  the  healthcare  industry.  iot  establishes  connections  among  different  entities,  including  humans  e.g.  patients  and  medical  staff,  medical  devices,  intelligent
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring wheelchairs,  wireless  sensors  and  mobile  robots.  people  in  the  healthcare  industry  also  rely  on  this  technology  to  provide  highquality  and  affordable  healthcare  services,  minimise  medical  errors,  guarantee  the  safety  of  their  patients  and  optimise  their  healthcare  processes  .  however,  despite  the  wide  availability  of  smart  devices  and  novel  communication  technologies,  healthcare  professionals  and  patients  are  still  generally  unwilling  to  exchange  health  information  while  a  large  number  of  hospitals  are  yet  to  implement  advanced  technologies  to  promote  their  hie  capability  ,  ,  .  iot  provides  new  opportunities  for  healthcare  professionals  to  deliver  health  information  to  hardtoreach  populations.  utilising  such  technology  often
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring requires  an  organisation  to  spend  a  considerable  amount  of  resources  at  different  stages  .  unfortunately,  most  health  organisations  in  developing  countries  only  have  few  resources  to  spare  for  using  new  technologies,  including  iot  .  many  other  issues  also  prevent  these  hospitals  from  receiving  financial  incentives  that  will  enable  them  to  adopt  new  technologies  for  facilitating  hie.  in  sum,  using  iot  is  in  great  demand  in  the  healthcare  sector.  to  effectively  utilise  iot,  hospitals  must  possess  the  necessary  resources  to  produce  the  maximum  value  possible  and  to  prevent  failure  .  therefore,  this  chapter  focuses  on  those  problems  being  faced  by  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring healthcare  industry  in  its  implementation  of  advanced  technologies.  over  the  past  5years,  many  health  information  systems  have  faced  several  concerns  with  regard  to  medical  records.  most  of  these  systems  have  focused  on  accelerating  their  provision  of  services  to  patients  and  improving  the  performance  of  hospitals  by  reconstructing  their  current  workflows.  the  rapid  proliferation  of  smart  devices  offers  unprecedented  opportunities  for  patients  and  health  care  professionals  to  exchange  health  information  electronically  .  the  iot  is  one  of  the  smart  technologies  to  integrate  the  smart  devices  on  network.  on  the  other  hand,  iot  is  a  global  information  infrastructure  that  enables  advanced  services
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  interconnecting  devices  based  on  existing  and  evolving  interoperable  information  and  communication  technologies  .  thus,  it  is  a  collection  of  several  opportunities  that  have  wellness  providing  for  the  hospitals  such  as  optimising  the  resources  through  automated  workflows  as  well  as  process  excellence.  for  instance,  a  majority  of  hospitals  use  iot  services  for  asset  management  and  controlling  humidity  and  temperature  within  operating  rooms  .  the  collection  of  health  data  has  multiple  benefits  to  interdisciplinary  healthcare  collaboration,  while  most  of  the  research  focuses  on  the  personal  fitness  plan  and  has  a  lack  of  compatibility  and  extensibility  among  a  large  number  of  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  their  business  models.  compatibility  involves  in  information  exchanging,  communication  and  events  processing.  there  is  a  strong  need  for  an  efficient  interface  mechanism  to  simplify  the  management  and  interconnection  of  things.  however,  the  compatibility  issue  among  the  heterogeneous  devices  should  be  taken  into  consideration  and  addressed  for  the  interactions  among  things  .  illustrates  how  this  revolution  in  the  medical  will  look  in  a  typical  iot  hospital,  in  practice.  the  patient  will  have  an  id  card,  which,  when  scanned,  links  to  a  secure  cloud  which  stores  their  electronic  health  record  vitals  and  lab  results  and  medical  and  prescription  histories.  iothospital  scenario
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 66.  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  several  benefits  for  health  applications  such  as  remote  health  monitoring,  fitness  programs,  chronic  diseases,  children  care  and  elderly  care.  furthermore,  it  allows  sharing  and  controlling  the  information  between  human  to  human  or  humanobject  or  between  objects  using  the  internet  via  ubiquitous  sensors  .  therefore,  various  medical  devices,  sensors,  and  diagnostic  and  imaging  devices  can  be  viewed  as  smart  devices  or  objects  constituting  a  core  part  of  the  iot  .  the  iotbased  ehealth  monitoring  method  will  help  in  reducing  the  number  of  visits  to  a  doctor,  and  even  the  doctor  can  monitor  his  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring her  patient  from  anywhere.  as  this  is  a  technology  not  so  feasible  now,  but  in  coming  years,  this  technology  will  meet  the  physical  world  definitely.  the  ehealth  solutions  provided  through  iot  devices  are  more  accurate  and  accountable  in  the  emerging  iot  business  landscape,  which  offers  and  provides  various  opportunities  and  challenges  to  an  industry  .  the  iot  technology  is  still  understudy  to  utilise  it  in  the  health  sector  in  different  regions  in  order  to  combine  the  information  with  control  and  monitoring  such  as  china,  us,  canada,  etc.  as  a  historical  background,  the  internet  of  things  was  discovered  by  kevin  ashton
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  1998  to  facilitate  information  exchange  over  the  wideworld  where  every  physical  object  connected  through  the  internet  with  a  unique  identification  and  can  be  monitored  everywhere.  one  of  the  facilities  of  iot  for  information  systems  is  that  it  can  provide  services  anywhere,  anytime,  and  on  any  media  .  in  healthcare,  the  internet  of  things  enables  the  potential  benefits  to  achieve  a  high  rate  of  exchange  of  massive  information  among  organisations  and  organisation  itself.  some  advantages  of  using  internet  treatments  included  selfpaced,  interactive,  of  tailored  service,  multimedia  format,  greater  accuracy  reporting  symptoms,  timely  information,  accessibility,  low  cost,  standardisation  and  increased  user
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  supplier  control  of  the  intervention.  sensor  technology  and  automated  data  collection  enable  passive  monitoring  of  psychological  states  that  can  alert  patients  and  healthcare  providers  to  acute  and  chronic  stress  states  .  these  sensors  can  be  used  in  monitoring  patients,  tracking  daily  activities,  and  caring  for  the  chronic  disease  people  or  patients  who  have  special  states  .  this  information  offers  treatment  that  is  evidence  based  from  the  information  obtained  from  sensors  and  monitoring  activities.  all  the  applications  of  this  technology  culminated  in  increased  comfort,  convenience,  and  better  management,  thereby  improving  the  quality  of  life.  shows  the  multiple  advantages  and  disadvantages
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  internet  of  thingsbased  healthcare  monitoring  and  management  of  health  system.  the  iot  advantages  and  disadvantages.  many  open  challenges  need  to  be  addressed  by  new  research  and  investigation,  mostly  due  to  the  complex  deployment  characteristics  of  such  systems  and  the  stringent  requirements  imposed  by  various  services  wishing  to  make  use  of  such  complex  systems.  thus,  it  becomes  critically  important  to  study  how  the  current  approaches  to  standardisation  in  this  area  can  be  improved  and  at  the  same  time  better  understand  the  opportunities  for  the  research  community  to  contribute  to  the  iot  field  .  in  addition,  many  other  technologies  and  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring such  as  barcodes,  smart  phones,  social  networks,  and  cloud  computing  are  being  used  to  form  an  extensive  network  for  supporting  iot  ,  as  shown  in  .  technologies  associated  with  iot  67.  the  healthcare  applications  and  system  have  adopted  several  types  of  innovation  technologies/devices  in  order  to  enhance  the  performance  of  healthcare  services  delivered.  most  of  these  systems  and  applications  are  contributing  to  use  iot  or  smart  technology  devices  to  perform  better  advantage  in  healthcare  services.  these  iot  applications  and  healthcare  devices  are  called  hiot.the  healthcare  device  implements  dedicated  sensor,  and  holds  high  collecting  precision  advantage,  while  it  is  also  having
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  number  of  disadvantages  such  as  insufficient  portability,  high  cost  and  usability.  this  type  of  device  possesses  the  following  features:  wearability:  most  of  the  hiot  applications  offer  sensing  on  the  human  body  so  they  collect  data  exactly  and  take  vital  signs  of  the  human  body  as  collecting  targets.  thus,  most  of  the  existing  medical  health  devices  make  the  wearability  as  the  basic  requirement  of  collection  of  human  body  vital  signs.  on  this  vein,  the  users  feel  more  comfortable  and  can  be  enhanced  and  the  accuracy  of  the  collected  health  data  can  be  guaranteed  through  the  collecting  procedure.  the  layout  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring common  human  body  sensors  is  shown  in  .  long  working  time:  the  ways  of  dedicated  health  collecting  data  are  several  for  instance  universal  mobile  devices,  wearable  devices,  pedometer,  etc.  the  purpose  of  these  devices  is  to  collect  data  from  the  human  body  for  a  relatively  long  time  period  that  requires  high  power  and  capability.  constancy  or  stability:  hiot  has  high  ability  to  collect  data  very  normally  even  though  the  users  are  under  strenuous  exercise  or  in  an  extreme  environment.  low  participation  degree  of  users:  the  functionality  of  hiot  applications  and  devices  are  relatively  independent,  as  well  as  most  hiot  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring do  not  require  the  intervention  of  users  during  the  collecting  data  procedure.  in  addition,  the  users  need  to  start  up  the  power  source  only,  and  the  hiot  device  will  start  collecting  data.  possessing  data  interim  storage  mechanism:  the  dimensions  and  weight  of  hiot  maybe  limited  strictly  in  order  to  meet  the  wearable  feature.  thus,  most  hiot  devices  do  not  integrate  the  data  transmission  module,  but  can  select  the  data  storage  module  with  relatively  small  dimensions  and  adopt  the  data  interim  storage  mechanism  in  order  to  store  the  collected  data  in  advance,  and  then  transmit  the  data  through  other  network  access
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring devices  accurately.  layout  of  common  human  body  sensors.  using  iot  can  improve  and  modify  the  delivered  healthcare  services  in  the  following  aspects:  relying  on  sensingbased  screening  and  assessment  technologies  in  home  and  community  environments  can  reduce  the  physical  pressure  on  the  environment  of  hospitals  and  turn  this  information  into  an  electronic  flow  of  information.  changing  the  medication  process  from  a  reactive  model  to  a  proactive  and  preventative  model  can  significantly  minimise  the  hospital  admission  expenses  for  acute  events.  improving  the  personalisation  of  healthcare  processes  allows  individuals  to  monitor  and  identify  their  risk  factors,  seek  preventative  intervention  and  treatment  and  live
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring independently.  in  this  way,  personalising  healthcare  processes  has  a  significant  positive  impact  on  the  psychological  and  physiological  states  of  patients.  improving  the  management  of  clinical  workloads  can  allow  healthcare  systems  to  effectively  prioritise  those  patients  who  have  the  highest  need  for  medical  services.  supporting  selfcare  diagnostic  processes  for  monitoring  vital  signs  and  other  various  measurements  can  produce  data  that  are  shared  with  physicians  either  personally  or  by  phone  in  order  for  them  to  make  effective  diagnoses.  these  diagnoses  can  sometimes  be  automated  for  simple  illnesses,  such  as  flu.  pointofcare  tests  can  be  optimised  by  reducing  the  time  of  diagnosis,  which
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  turn  can  be  achieved  by  reducing  the  requirements  for  sending  samples  to  be  tested.  for  example,  automatic  testing  by  using  blood  pressure  cuffs  and  digital  thermometers  can  help  physicians  review  the  history  of  their  patients  while  performing  the  necessary  measurements.  among  its  practical  advantages,  iot  can  encourage  the  development  of  smart  systems  that  support  and  improve  biomedical  and  healthcare  processes.  monitoring  the  physiological  parameters  of  patients  in  real  time  can  also  facilitate  the  early  detection  of  clinical  deterioration,  automatic  people  identification  and  tracking  by  using  biomedical  devices  in  smart  hospitals  and  monitoring  drugpatient  associations  .  illustrates  the  iot  scenario
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  smart  hospitals.  a  patient  with  an  emergency  case  is  given  a  wearable  device  that  detects  the  nearest  ed  that  offers  the  required  services.  upon  being  notified  of  an  emergency  case,  the  ed  dispatches  an  ambulance  to  the  location  of  the  patient  and  delivers  the  necessary  care  services.  upon  its  arrival,  the  ambulance  links  the  biobank  of  patient  information  to  a  secure  cloud  that  stores  the  ehrs,  laboratory  test  results  and  medical  and  prescription  histories  of  the  patient.  this  process  can  help  health  practitioners  understand  the  status  of  their  patients  quickly,  easily  and  effectively.  iot  in  the  healthcare  scenario.  iot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  hie  systems  is  mostly  designed  to  store,  enter,  receive  and  exchange  health  information.  this  system  increases  the  number  of  devices  and  enhances  the  mobility  of  information  to  support  health  professionals  in  their  consultations.  despite  the  benefits  of  using  iot  in  hospitals,  several  challenges  related  to  availability,  reliability,  mobility,  performance,  management  scalability,  interoperability,  security  and  privacy  must  be  considered  during  its  application  .  collecting  and  exchanging  health  information  have  become  challenging  due  to  the  increasing  population  and  demands  for  health  services.  these  challenges  can  hinder  the  successful  adoption  of  hie.the  following  issues  and  challenges  related  to  hie  adoption  have  been
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring identified  from  the  literature:  unified  patients  data:  this  challenge  refers  to  the  combination  of  patients  data  that  are  obtained  from  ehr  systems  that  are  being  operated  by  healthcare  providers  e.g.  aged  care  providers,  hospitals  and  healthcare  specialists  for  the  purpose  of  sharing  information.  the  unification  of  patient  data  provides  excellent  opportunities  in  continuing  care,  improving  care  quality  and  analysing  and  monitoring  care  service  delivery  and  patient  health  outcomes.  teamwork  of  care:  teamwork  refers  to  collaboration  among  healthcare  practitioners  with  the  shared  aim  of  exchanging  information  .  the  communication  deficiency  among  groups  of  healthcare  professionals,  departments  or  clinics  has  been  identified
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  the  main  driver  of  critical  safety  incidents  in  tertiary  care  clinics.  however,  with  the  growing  complexity  of  healthcare  provision,  the  availability  of  patient  information  has  been  considered  highly  significant  in  the  healthcare  industry.  therefore,  teamwork  places  less  effort  in  promoting  the  availability  of  information.  a  survey  of  primary  care  doctors  from  10  countries  identified  the  overall  communication,  coordination  of  healthcare  and  teamwork  as  common  challenges  in  hie  adoption.  the  lack  of  integration  among  primary  care,  specialty  care  and  hospitals  can  also  put  patients  at  risk  and  lead  to  duplicative  care,  particularly  for  those  patients  suffering  from  complex  chronic  illnesses
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring .  the  full  potential  of  teamwork  is  seldom  realised  due  to  training  problems  and  the  lack  of  trust  in  the  reliability  of  healthcare  services.  physicians  are  also  often  blamed  for  the  errors  that  may  occur  during  the  provision  of  these  services.  security  and  privacy:  due  to  security  and  privacy  concerns  ,  ,  ,  many  physicians  and  healthcare  providers  prefer  to  store  patient  records  on  computers  or  local  systems  that  are  not  connected  to  the  internet  .  despite  the  benefits  of  largescale  hie,  a  comparative  study  of  the  medical  record  exchange  practices  in  australia,  canada  germany,  netherlands,  new  zealand,  the  uk
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  the  us  revealed  that  germany  lacks  a  single  approach  for  hie  and  that  healthcare  software  companies  have  achieved  minimal  success  in  their  development  of  infrastructures  where  physicians  can  exchange  clinical  data  due  to  security  concerns.  similar  to  other  countries,  the  substantial  privacy  and  security  concerns  in  the  uk  and  the  netherlands  have  driven  the  resistance  of  healthcare  professionals  to  hie  despite  the  benefits  of  this  practice.  address  shortage:  another  important  issue  that  hinders  the  adoption  of  hie  is  the  storage  of  health  information  in  a  single  pool.  cloud  computing  or  other  related  technologies  may  be  used  as  storage  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring allow  healthcare  practitioners  to  access  and  utilise  health  information  at  any  time  and  place.  storing  information  online  emerges  as  the  most  popular  choice  even  though  most  users  have  expressed  their  concerns  about  storing  their  personal  information  on  the  internet.  in  addition,  the  collected  data  must  be  managed  and  comply  with  standard  formats  and  protocols  in  order  for  them  to  be  retrieved  and  used  by  other  healthcare  providers.  however,  a  common  standard  protocol  for  these  data  is  yet  to  be  devised  .  furthermore,  patients  should  be  allowed  to  access  to  their  own  data  and  be  given  the  right  to  dispose  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring these  data  freely  and  ensure  that  their  information  is  kept  secure.  patient  consent:  the  success  of  hie  also  depends  on  public  support,  the  willingness  of  patients  to  share  their  health  information  and  their  consent  to  have  their  health  information  shared  with  other  parties  via  hie  ,  .  a  study  that  examined  the  attitudes  of  patients  towards  giving  consent  revealed  that  the  majority  91  of  the  participating  adult  patients  expect  to  be  asked  for  their  consent  before  their  identifiable  records  are  accessed  and  used  for  health  provision,  research  or  planning  while  only  9.2  of  these  respondents  do  not  expect  to  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring asked  for  their  consent  .  compatibility:  compatibility  refers  to  the  degree  to  which  the  potential  adopters  perceive  innovation  as  consistent  with  their  values,  previous  experiences  and  needs.  therefore,  based  on  physicians  expectations,  the  hie  system  should  be  compatible  with  their  work  style  and  needs  to  motivate  them  to  adopt  such  technology.  this  issue  has  a  significant  effect  on  the  usage  of  innovation  to  promote  hie  among  hospitals  .  hospital  workflow:  healthcare  professionals  need  to  transform  the  hie  system  to  satisfy  their  demand  for  a  faster  access  to  patient  information,  which  in  turn  can  reduce  their  workflow.  issues  related  to  workflow
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  important  barriers  that  prevent  the  implementation  of  technologies  in  some  health  practices.  physicians  in  practices  without  emr  are  generally  reluctant  to  use  computers  to  write  prescriptions  because  these  technologies  are  unavailable  in  many  examination  rooms.  therefore,  hie  must  promote  consistency  in  workflows  by  facilitating  staff  training  to  improve  their  efficiency  and  by  providing  clinical  information  with  minimal  effort  at  any  time  or  location  ,  .  system  capacity:  in  order  to  facilitate  hie,  the  systems  being  used  in  hospitals  should  be  effective  and  sustainable.  zhang  etal.  attributed  the  limitation  of  system  capacity  to  the  following  causes:  the  failure  to  implement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tecihnological  advancements  in  most  hospitals  and  the  need  to  upgrade  the  hie  system  to  improve  its  capability.  the  delayed  development  of  a  standardcompliant  hie  system  in  many  hospitals.  the  overlapping  functions  among  the  needs  of  several  regions,  which  reduce  the  need  for  information  exchange.  however,  exchanging  patient  records,  including  summaries  and  test  results,  among  healthcare  practitioners  is  not  yet  considered  a  norm  in  many  countries.  in  the  us,  new  zealand  and  canada,  the  current  capacity  of  healthcare  practitioners  to  share  health  information  only  ranges  between  14  and  55  ,  .  with  the  technological  advancements  in  networking,  ehrs  can  be  accessed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  using  various  devices  and  stored  in  remote  data  centres.  to  further  understand  the  current  utilisation  of  iot  in  the  healthcare  sector,  the  related  models/frameworks  are  reviewed  as  follows:  given  the  increasing  demand  of  health  organisations  for  access  to  patient  records  around  the  world,  tyagi  etal.  developed  a  cloud  iotbased  healthcare  framework  and  proposed  platform  as  a  service  paas  and  infrastructure  as  a  service  iaas,  which  help  patients  find  the  best  care  at  the  optimal  cost  by  allowing  them  to  securely  store  and  share  their  health  information  to  healthcare  organisations  .  patients  can  perform  selfassessment  to  monitor  their  conditions  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring find  hospitals  that  provide  the  healthcare  services  they  need  the  most.  however,  the  benefits  of  the  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  are  offset  by  issues  related  to  trust,  privacy  and  security,  all  of  which  must  be  addressed  before  healthcare  providers  decide  to  adopt  this  framework.  moreover,  the  security  requirements  for  the  implementation  of  this  model  are  yet  to  be  fulfilled  and  its  results  need  to  be  tested  .  and  summarise  this  framework.  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  56.  actors  in  the  cloudiotbased  healthcare  framework  56.  collecting  data  from  things,  devices  and  multiple  sources  presents  a  significant  problem.  patients  can  be  classified  into  those  patients
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring who  are  having  elective  treatment  and  those  emergency  patients  who  require  immediate  treatment  .  those  elective  patients  who  do  not  require  emergency  treatment  may  experience  health  deterioration  and  eventually  require  emergency  treatment  or  tests.  a  hospital  setting  is  characterised  by  dynamic  uncertainty  and  a  frequent  need  to  dynamically  change  the  treatment  pathway.  manate  etal.  proposed  the  intelligent  contextaware  decision  support  icads  system,  which  provides  an  effective  basis  for  rescheduling  and  prioritising  essential  services  while  maximising  the  effectiveness  of  the  staff  in  knowing  the  health  status  of  their  patients,  planning  emergency  treatment  requirements  and  providing  quality  care.  even  though  this  system
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring can  produce  exciting  benefits  for  the  stakeholders  of  the  healthcare  industry,  several  complexities  and  challenges  in  hospital  settings  need  to  be  addressed  before  implementing  icads  .  summarises  this  system.  model  of  a  typical  icads  31.  many  mobile  health  applications  are  still  operating  offline  and  are  yet  to  be  integrated  into  the  semantic  web  technologies  for  ehealth  services  .  moreover,  a  unified  rationale  for  developing  healthcare  development  applications  and  middleware  solutions  is  lacking.  therefore,  users  must  build  generic  iot  applications  to  combine  several  domains.  datta  etal.  proposed  the  machinetomachine  m3  framework,  which  enables  the  provision  of  smart,  connected  and  personalised  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  wellness  services  to  people  living  in  smart  homes  .  this  framework  involves  the  use  of  wearable  devices  that  collect  patient  data,  which  are  then  transmitted  to  smartphones  that  act  as  intermediate  gateways.  these  data  are  then  transmitted  to  remote  cloud  web  interfaces  to  maintain  endtoend  security.  the  cloud  computing  platform  is  mainly  targeted  to  manage  patient  data.  however,  this  method  does  not  allow  patients  to  receive  a  highlevel  abstraction  of  the  data  collected  by  wearable  devices  .  summarises  this  framework.  operational  flow  of  the  m3  framework  58.  prayoga  and  abraham  iteratively  tested,  applied,  refined  and  validated  the  behavioural  intention
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  technology  acceptance  model  tam  as  one  of  the  most  prominent  models  used  in  greater  jakarta  to  identify  those  variables  that  could  predict  the  intention  of  individuals  to  utilise  iot  health  devices  and  integrate  them  into  a  theoretical  model  .  they  analysed  technology  acceptance  from  the  perspective  of  tam  and  used  perceived  usefulness  as  the  main  predictor  of  behavioural  intention.  they  also  proposed  a  theoretical  model  to  outline  some  important  predictors  of  the  behavioural  intention  of  individuals  to  use  iot  health  devices.  they  performed  a  questionnaire  survey  among  186  college  students  from  different  faculties  to  test  the  hypothesised  relationships  between
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring factors.  as  shown  in  the  survey  results,  91  of  the  respondents  agreed  that  health  trackers  can  help  them  achieve  their  personal  health  goals,  89  believed  that  these  devices  can  change  their  health  patterns  and  90  thought  that  these  devices  will  revolutionise  healthcare  systems.  although  87  of  these  respondents  had  searched  for  healthrelated  information  online  while  35  had  heard  about  such  technology,  only  13  of  them  had  actually  used  health  trackers  .  summarises  the  iot  behavioural  intention  model.  iot  behavioural  intention  model  60.  roy  etal.  proposed  a  model  that  facilitates  the  adoption  of  iotbased  innovations  in  urban  poor  communities  .  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring model  identifies  five  sources  of  innovation,  namely,  nutrition,  healthcare,  employment,  education  and  finances.  they  also  argued  that  iot  can  positively  affect  the  urban  poor  by  providing  them  access  to  various  types  of  services,  including  healthcare,  education  and  food  security.  their  study  was  conducted  in  four  stages,  including  a  literature  review,  a  survey  of  the  target  users,  interviews  with  experts  and  a  usability  test  of  a  prototype  technology  system.  they  assumed  that  the  implemented  system  needs  to  provide  quality  service  to  its  users  and  that  users  should  experience  tangible  benefits  and  receive  some  training.  these  factors  can  help  service  providers  deliver
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring excellent  services  to  their  consumers  and  subsequently  drive  a  higher  consumer  satisfaction  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  .  model  of  iotbased  innovations  for  the  urban  poor  21.  jagatheesan  etal.  argued  that  multiple  sensors  with  various  applications  from  each  manufacturer  are  easily  configurable  yet  are  generally  not  preferred  by  their  users  .  therefore,  they  proposed  the  multiple  producer  multiple  consumer  mpmc  network  that  aggregates  human  interfaces  to  allow  users  to  control  any  part  of  the  data  distribution  framework.  this  framework  includes  a  scenario  where  iotbased  multiple  sensors  are  used  as  producers  of  data  and  multiple  iot  services  are  used  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring consumers  of  these  data.  their  findings  highlighted  how  the  experiences  and  perspectives  of  users  affect  the  data  framework  design  in  mpmc  environments  by  using  the  drop  data  framework  infrastructure.  however,  this  network  does  not  serve  the  needs  of  iot  users,  and  service  providers  are  unable  to  choose  among  multiple  options  and  the  security  or  actual  data  transfer  protocols  are  usually  lacking  .  the  mpmc  framework  is  illustrated  in  .  mpmc  framework  61.  the  researchers  investigated  a  case  of  a  diabetic  patient  in  an  emergency  situation  .  they  proposed  the  iot  communication  framework  as  the  main  enabler  of  distributed  worldwide  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring applications.  the  main  actors  in  this  model  include  the  monitored  patients,  physicians  and  distributed  information  databases.  their  findings  contribute  to  the  actual  implementation  of  a  comprehensive  healthcare  system  within  iot.they  also  highlighted  the  importance  of  using  different  devices,  networks  and  processes  in  analysing  diabetes  progression.  however,  this  framework  is  not  yet  completely  available,  the  components  presented  in  the  use  case  are  at  different  stages  of  realisation  and  the  proposed  framework  does  not  integrate  runtime  sensing  information  into  healthcare  records  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  and  .  iot  ehealth  system  model  29.  iot  ehealth  process  model  29.  manashty  etal.  aimed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  fill  the  gap  between  symptoms  and  diagnosis  trend  data  in  order  to  predict  health  anomalies  accurately  and  quickly  .  not  one  of  the  existing  systems  can  act  as  a  bridge  between  different  systems  to  facilitate  knowledge  transfer  and  to  enhance  their  detection  and  prediction  capabilities.  these  systems  are  also  unable  to  use  the  data  and  knowledge  provided  by  similar  systems  due  to  the  complexity  involved  in  the  data  sharing  process.  storing  information  also  presents  a  challenge  due  to  the  high  volume  of  data  generated  by  each  sensor.  therefore,  manashty  etal.  proposed  the  healthcare  event  aggregation  lab  heal  model,  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring platform  that  provides  services  to  developers  and  leverages  the  previously  processed  data  and  the  corresponding  detected  symptoms.  the  proposed  architecture  is  cloudbased  and  provides  services  for  input  sensors,  iot  devices  and  context  providers.  the  heal  platform  is  an  integrated  system  for  highlevel  behaviour  monitoring  that  supports  many  users  and  systems  in  their  longterm  analysis,  thereby  bridging  the  gap  among  many  systems.  however,  manashty  etal.  did  not  perform  multiple  case  studies  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  the  proposed  system  in  complex  heterogeneous  scenarios  with  knowledge  sharing  .  this  model  is  summarised  in  .  cloudbased  heal  platform  model  62.  sheriff  etal.  proposed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  reference  framework  for  healthcare  informatics  and  analytics  by  integrating  iot,  complex  event  processing  cep  and  big  data  analytics  .  this  framework  can  serve  as  a  reference  in  implementing  a  holistic  healthcare  informatics  and  analytics  ecosystem.  integrating  iot,  cep  and  big  data  analytics  technologies  can  solve  specific  problems.  specifically,  cep  can  support  the  realtime  and  nearrealtime  analytical  processing  of  patient  events  from  different  sources  by  using  big  data  and  ubiquitous  communication  via  iot.in  the  future,  sheriff  etal.  are  planning  to  use  this  framework  as  a  foundation  for  developing  a  healthcare  application  system  that  can  address  the  informatics  and  analytic  needs
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  healthcare  and  other  dependent  industries.  however,  they  did  not  test  the  performance  of  this  framework  .  this  framework  is  illustrated  in  .  reference  framework  63.  pir  etal.  developed  the  hmis  framework  with  context  awareness  for  developing  the  management  systems  of  smart  hospitals  based  on  iot  .  they  introduced  context  awareness  as  a  middleware  of  the  iot  architecture  to  overcome  the  problems  in  large  data  management.  this  framework  consists  of  three  layers,  including  a  physical  layer,  network  layer  and  application  layer.  the  physical  layer,  also  known  as  the  perception  layer,  collects  data  and  communicates  them  to  the  network  layer.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring network  layer  then  processes  and  transmits  these  data  to  the  application  layer.  context  awareness,  which  is  located  above  the  network  layer  as  middleware,  analyses  the  data  and  transfers  only  the  required  data  to  the  application  layer.  afterwards,  the  application  layer  defines  the  context  of  the  data  based  on  the  problems  faced  by  users  when  interacting  with  the  system.  however,  pir  etal.  did  not  test  the  applicability  of  this  framework  for  users  from  a  specific  hospital  .  their  proposed  hmis  framework  is  presented  in  .  hmis  framework  64.  chatterjee  and  armentano  identified  several  issues,  such  as  the  availability  of  a  live
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  connection  and  the  security  structure  of  a  system,  which  prompted  them  to  develop  a  system  for  a  smart  medical  environment  that  provides  ubiquitous  services  .  specifically,  they  proposed  a  model  with  an  inclusive  approach  for  applying  iot  in  a  smart  medical  environment  that  provides  ubiquitous  services.  this  model  virtually  stores  patient  data  and  makes  them  ubiquitously  accessible  to  the  concerned  healthcare  personnel  in  order  to  be  shared.  another  important  aspect  of  using  these  data  lies  in  the  design  of  an  intelligent  clinical  decision  support  system  that  can  help  doctors  when  delivering  treatment.  however,  chatterjee  and  armentano  failed  to  address
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  requirements  for  adopting  iot  and  only  focused  on  the  inclusion  of  technologies  in  the  healthcare  sector,  thereby  limiting  the  generalisability  of  the  factors  that  they  proposed  for  different  types  of  hospitals  in  various  countries  .  the  schematic  diagram  of  their  iotbased  remote  treatment  model  is  summarised  in  .  schematic  diagram  of  the  iotbased  remote  treatment  model  10.  gupta  etal.  examined  the  design  and  implementation  of  an  iotbased  health  monitoring  system  for  emergency  medical  services  .  this  system  demonstrates  the  flexible  collection,  integration  and  interoperation  of  iot  data  that  can  provide  support  to  emergency  medical  services.  their  proposed  model  allows
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring users  to  improve  healthrelated  risks  and  reduce  healthcare  costs  by  collecting,  recording,  analysing  and  sharing  large  amounts  of  data  in  real  time.  this  system  uses  smart  sensors  that  collect  and  send  raw  data  to  a  database  server  where  they  are  further  analysed  and  statistically  maintained  to  be  used  by  medical  experts.  the  results  are  deployed  and  tested  on  a  patient  whose  personal  details  are  inputted  into  a  web  portal.  this  patient  is  then  connected  to  a  health  monitoring  system  that  includes  a  heart  rate  sensor  and  a  temperature  sensor.  however,  gupta  etal.  did  not  consider  in  their  work  some  factors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  the  organisational  and  system  domain  as  identified  in  the  literature  review.  they  also  did  not  consider  the  actual  examination  of  healthcare  professionals  .  the  proposed  health  monitoring  system  is  illustrated  in  .  iotbased  smart  healthcare  kit  model  65.  the  aforementioned  models/framework  for  iot  use  in  healthcare  can  be  classified  based  on  the  technological,  system  and  individual  aspects  as  summarised  in  .  models/frameworks  for  iot  use  in  healthcare.  in  sum,  most  studies  on  iot  use  in  healthcare  have  some  limitations  related  to  their  context  of  use,  antecedents  of  implementation  and  need  of  use.  moreover,  these  studies  have  only  focused  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring specific  domains  to  achieve  certain  needs  for  using  iot  in  the  healthcare  context.  their  models/frameworks  are  only  designed  for  certain  circumstances  and  environments  related  to  the  context  and  needs  for  which  they  are  developed.  meanwhile,  very  few  researchers  have  examined  the  actual  implementation  of  iot  in  hospitals.  therefore,  further  study  must  be  conducted  to  generalise  the  application  of  these  frameworks  for  hospitals.  the  literature  review  shows  that  the  direct  effect  of  technological  and  systemrelated  factors  on  the  utilisation  behaviour  of  individuals  has  received  no  to  limited  input  from  previous  research.  the  limitations  of  the  aforementioned  frameworks/models  are  summarised  in  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring limitations  of  models/frameworks  for  iot  use  in  healthcare.  iot  use  has  become  an  urgent  need  for  public  hospitals  and  their  technical  and  management  activities.  a  successful  iot  use  is  influenced  by  how  well  this  technology  fulfils  the  expectations  of  its  users.  the  implementers  of  this  technology  must  identify  the  implementation  requirements  from  the  managements  perspective  and  align  the  implementation  with  the  goals  of  hospitals  in  order  to  ensure  a  successful  implementation  and  utilisation.  shows  that  most  studies  on  iot  use  in  healthcare  have  some  limitations  related  to  their  identified  factors  as  well  as  their  context  and  purpose  of  use.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring factors  are  also  limited  to  certain  developed  and  developing  countries.  in  addition,  the  actual  use  of  iot  in  hie  has  never  been  reviewed  in  the  literature.  specifically,  some  models  and  frameworks  have  been  designed  only  for  specific  contexts,  circumstances  and  environments.  meanwhile,  other  scholars  have  merely  proposed  models/frameworks  without  any  post  examination  or  evaluation,  thereby  making  these  models/frameworks  unsuitable  for  examining  iot  use  in  hie  for  different  reasons.  these  studies  also  do  not  focus  on  the  hie  context  and  ignore  the  organisational,  technological  and  individual  aspects.  some  of  the  proposed  models  have  merely  focused  on  security  and  privacy  concerns  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ignored  all  the  other  aspects  related  to  organisational  and  technological  issues.  very  few  studies  have  examined  ehealth  and  mhealth  architectures  that  use  smartphone  sensors  and  wearable  devices  to  sense  and  transmit  important  patient  data.  as  a  summary,  this  chapter  shows  that  a  model/framework  specifically  for  iot  use  in  hie  is  yet  to  be  developed  and  that  only  few  studies  have  examined  the  use  of  iot  in  this  type  of  exchange.  however,  most  of  the  extant  studies  have  identified  hie  as  a  huge  challenge  for  most  countries  and  that  the  hie  among  healthcare  providers  is  very  limited  at  present.  this  study
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring was  motivated  by  the  gaps  in  the  literature  and  several  issues  related  to  hie,  including  the  limited  capabilities  of  clinical  centres  and  the  perceived  need  for  early  detection.  another  concern  related  to  the  interoperability  of  various  smart  electronic  devices  has  also  been  raised.  the  findings  presented  in  this  chapter  offer  a  foundation  for  future  work  on  this  topic.  proposing  a  process  or  framework  may  also  be  considered  in  future  research  from  the  perspectives  of  healthcare  providers  and  management  to  offer  solutions  for  the  development  of  successful  iot  services  in  the  health  sector.  this  finding  offers  a  foundation  for  further  researchers
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  several  ways.  the  success  factors  and  proposed  iot  implementation  process  identified  and  revealed  in  this  study  may  be  considered  in  future  research  from  perspectives  of  healthcare  providers  and  management,  and  thus  offer  a  solution  to  develop  successful  iot  services  in  the  health  sector.  2019  the  authors.  licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject  and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring edited  by  by  thierry  edoh  and  jules  degila  edited  by  by  moussa  diallo,  rodrigue  rabineau,  laurent  cariou  and  maryline  helard  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as  business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street  london,  ec3r  6af,  uk  phone:  44  0203  972  6202  2019  intechopen.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  future  is  here.  things  we  take  for  granted  nowadaysvideo  calling,  automatic  language  translation,  autonomous  vehicles,  advanced  robotics,  computing  powerhouses  in  cell  phoneswere  just  the  stuff  of  science  fiction  fantasy  a  mere  15  to  20  years  ago.  today,  technology  is  faster,  better,  and  more  accessible.  at  the  same  time,  computing  itself  has  become  cheaper,  as  have  transferring  data,  bandwidth  and  storage.  the  speed  with  which  this  technology  has  progressed,  along  with  inexpensive  and  widespread  connectivity,  has  produced  an  abundance  of  smart  devicesespecially  in  the  consumer  space.  wearables,  fitness  trackers,  aienabled  and  connected  speakers,  security  cameras,  smart  thermostats,  and  other  appliances
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring have  become  part  of  our  everyday  life.  in  some  cases,  however,  product  designers  focus  so  keenly  on  connectivity  that  the  primary  function  of  a  product  slips  into  background,  raising  questions  about  practicality  does  anyone  really  need  an  appenabled,  connected  toothbrush?.  in  other  instances,  the  drive  for  socalled  product  smartificationand  rushed  timelines  lead  to  disastrous  results  regarding  security.  so  we  end  up  with  iotenabled  kettles  that  leak  wifi  passwords  to  anyone  who  bothers  to  snoop  on  the  radio  spectrum,  or  baby  monitors  that  stream  live  video  of  infants  on  the  dark  web.  thats  an  unfortunate  side  effect  of  affordable  and  accessible
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring technology  available  to  any  product  manufacturer  in  the  world.  in  any  event,  estimates  are  that  the  number  of  connected  products  will  be  anywhere  between  20  and  50  billion  by  2020.  whatever  the  exact  figure,  though,  its  important  that  the  new  generation  of  connected  and  intelligent  products  bring  additional  value  to  the  customer.  the  scenario  for  industry  is  another  thing.  its  reason  for  creating  connected  and  intelligent  products  differs  from  that  of  consumers.  consumers  typically  want  products  with  a  single  functionhealth  and  fitness  tracking,  heating  and  other  smart  home  applications,  security  surveillance,  and  behavioral  analytics,  for  example.  these  products  deliver  specialized
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring vertical  solutions  or  services  smartphones  and  tablets,  which  are  multipurpose  iot  devices,  are  the  exception.  in  industry,  by  contrast,  connected  assets  typically  help  cut  operational  costs,  are  generally  more  efficient,  and  add  to  topline  improvements.  they  decrease  maintenance  expenses,  reduce  truck  rolls,  and  keep  spare  parts  inventories  in  check.  as  well,  they  can  make  sure  field  service  has  the  best  firstvisitfix  ratio,  and  that  leadership  has  better  visibility  into  the  manufacturing  process  or  deployed  assets  performance.  in  todays  post  ill  focus  on  industrial  assets  that  are  making  rapid  strides  into  the  digital  era.  for  these  purposes  im  using  the  word
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring asset  to  refer  to  products,  machines  and  devices  with  a  life  span  of  10  to  20  years  or  more.  im  also  talking  about  highly  valued  assets  with  complex  bills  of  material  bom.  that  covers  everything  from  wind  turbines,  power  generators,  oil  rig  pumps,  industrial  printers,  mri  scanners  to  earth  moving  bulldozers,  locomotives,  and  agricultural  equipment.  ill  also  look  at  typical  use  cases  and  provide  brief  insights  about  the  applicability  of  smart  assets.  as  well,  ill  suggest  ways  some  assets  can  help  mature  a  firms  overall  strategy.  im  saving  a  discussion  about  smart  cities  for  another  time  because  the  topic  deserves
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  own  post.  the  first  concern  many  people  have  had  is  about  making  the  install  base  more  visible.  universally,  maintenance  heads  have  wanted  to  know  where  their  assets  are,  who  owns  them,  and  what  is  the  installed  configuration.  asset  management  systems  were  born  to  answer  these  needs,  but  they  havent  addressed  all  the  problems.  data  populated  at  the  point  of  sale  or  shipment  can  remain  static  after  assets  change  ownership,  locations  or  have  been  reconfigured.  that  makes  asset  management  more  complicated  as  the  time  goes  by.  in  the  smart  asset  era,  though,  firms  can  rectify  most  of  these  issues.  one
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reason:  new  industrial  assets  come  out  of  the  factory  with  the  intelligence  baked  in  thanks  to  cheap  computing,  instrumented  components,  and  affordable  connectivity.  another  reason:  existing  assets  can  be  retrofitted  with  addon  computing  capabilities,  sensors,  actuators,  encoders  and  data  acquisition  modules.  that  means  an  asset  can  now  report  its  location,  configuration  and  additional  metadata,  such  as  ownership  information,  license  status,  and  so  on.  that  achieves  the  goal  of  having  visibility  into  the  install  base.  once  the  plumbing  is  donesensors  are  present  and  relevant  data  is  flowing  to  the  clouda  door  opens  for  the  next  use  case  that  allows  for  remote
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  of  devices.  as  software  becomes  more  prevalent,  remote  troubleshooting  can  resolve  many  issues.  systems  can  perform  recalibrations,  configuration  changes,  software  and  firmware  patchingor  simply  rebootremotely.  whats  more,  customer  care  teams  can  now  potentially  perform  diagnostics  using  cloudbased  apps  that  send  commands  down  to  the  asset.  these  are  the  core  functionalities  of  an  iot  remote  monitoring  and  diagnostic  rmd  solution.  most  manufacturers  of  smart  products  and  industrial  devices  nowadays  have  reached  maturity  with  rmd.  obviously,  this  type  of  iotpowered  solution  optimizes  costs  and  is  tremendously  valuable.  service  departments  are  particularly  aware  of  how  rmd  reduces  onsite  visits,  produces  a  better
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ratio  of  fix  on  first  visit  and  improves  customer  satisfaction.  rmd  is  a  great  starting  point,  but  its  just  the  beginning.  i  strongly  believe  the  next  set  of  use  cases  can  unlock  enormous  business  value.  todays  technology  is  such  that  you  can  apply  predictive  maintenance  pm  and  avoid  unplanned  downtime  thanks  to  advances  in  machine  learning  and  data  science.  we  can  now  combine  information  from  multiple  sources,  such  as  streamed  machine  data,  operational  parameters,  and  asset  management  inputs.  when  we  add  that  to  historical  maintenance  records,  rootcause  analysis  reports,  and  expertise  in  mechanical  engineering,  its  possible  to  spot  anomalies  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring correlate  them  with  early  symptoms  of  future  failures.  selflearning  models  improve  with  every  iteration  and  retrain  when  new  data  is  available  making  them  even  more  accurate  over  time.  whats  more,  we  can  now  use  a  wide  range  of  datasciencerelated  technologies  to  build  asset  reliability  models  that  are  the  basis  of  predictive  maintenance  solutions.  but  ill  cover  that  topic  in  a  separate  post.  at  any  rate,  predictive  maintenance  is  a  game  changer  for  many  maintenance  and  service  organizations.  it  saves  millions  by  avoiding  unplanned  downtime  for  industrial  assets  such  as  energyproducing  generators,  mining  operations,  aircraft  engines,  oil  pumps,  and  locomotives.  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring when  it  comes  to  health  equipment  and  human  safety,  it  also  helps  prevent  collateral  damage  and  saves  lives  before  small  failures  escalate  into  fullblown  catastrophes.  and  this  is  not  the  end  of  journey.  when  a  service  organization  combines  the  power  of  iot  and  analytics  by  deploying  rmd  and  pm  solutions,  it  can  realize  even  more  business  benefits.  at  this  point,  weve  discussed  how  rmd  has  improved  the  way  assets  perform  in  the  field.  weve  also  described  how  we  can,  with  significant  accuracy,  predict  failures  in  all  critical  components  thanks  to  pm.  the  next  logical  step:  optimizing  spareparts  inventory  to  free
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring up  working  capital  by  avoiding  overstocking.  understocking,  too,  can  have  significant  consequences  and  endanger  business  continuity.  this  solution  predicts  the  lifespan  of  critical  components  across  a  fleet  of  assets  and  generates  buy/nobuy  decisions.  this  use  case  is  especially  important  for  organizations  dealing  with  assets  with  overly  complex  boms,  with  long  lead  times,  such  as  manufacturing,  transport  or  installation,  or  with  madetoorder  parts  that  are  typically  expensive.  another  branch  of  iotenabled  benefits  is  in  the  integration  between  asset  management,  rmd,  and  pm  solutions  which  taps  into  service  force  schedule  and  dispatch  functionality.  a  seamless  flow  like  that  produces  astounding  customer  satisfaction.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring heres  how  it  works.  industrial  devices  report  their  conditions,  rmd  collects  data,  and  pm  predicts  failures.  armed  with  all  that  information,  a  field  service  system  can  plan,  schedule,  and  dispatch  field  technicians  equipped  with  all  the  tools,  parts,  and  knowledge  required  to  fix  the  problem  on  first  visit.  the  upshot:  fewer  service  calls,  field  technicians  work  proactively  on  a  predictable  schedule  and  customers  are  delighted  because  theirbusiness  experiences  little  or  no  disruption.  with  an  endtoend  information  flow,  field  technicians  can  have  visibility  into  a  realtime  data  when  dealing  with  a  faulty  device.  mobile  solutions  with  humanmachine  interfaces  provide  a  live
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring view  of  operating  conditions,  current  and  historical  alerts,  plus  feed  from  knowledgebased  systems,  and  stepbystep  maintenance  instructions.  and  we  havent  even  begun  to  consider  additional  benefits  that  advanced  visualization  technologies,  such  as  augmented  reality,  virtual  reality  and  mixed  reality  can  bring.  i  focused  on  one  benefit  in  each  of  the  use  cases  i  just  discussed,  but  in  fact,  the  spectrum  of  benefits  is  broad  and  rich.  depending  on  your  organization,  business  priorities,  maturity  levels  and  strategy  you  may  well  select  other  starting  use  cases  for  your  smart  assets  management  solution.  but  its  best  to  keep  the  big  picture  in  mind.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring strategy  is  the  guiding  light  of  your  overall  digital  transformation  journey.  heres  a  map  of  example  solutions  and  typical  transitions  that  most  organizations  follow  as  their  iot  maturity  evolves:  clearly,  i  havent  dealt  with  the  wide  range  of  the  options  these  new  technologies  make  possible.  in  fact,  iot  and  industrial  analytics  can  offer  so  much  more.  heres  a  quick  look  at  a  few  prospects.  in  future  posts,  ill  go  into  greater  detail.  connected  devices  are  creating  a  wave  of  new  businesses  under  the  collective  name  product  as  a  service  paas.  in  many  cases  paas  replaces  tangible  products,  providing  power  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  hour  for  aircraft  engines  or  compressed  air  as  a  service  for  industrial  applications.  at  a  recent  hannover  messe  exhibition  i  even  saw  bearings  as  a  service.  these  new  business  models  can  live  in  parallel  to  traditional  products  but  offer  a  different  experience  to  the  end  customer.  in  many  cases,  theyll  also  lower  the  initial  cost  of  entry.  using  industrial  analytics,  organizations  can  take  a  critical  look  at  suppliers  and  their  performance.  they  can  identify  troublesome  components  in  their  smart  assets  and  learn  the  operational  cost  implications  of  their  current  warranties.  should  asset  manufacturers  extend  a  warranty  with  their  suppliers,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring paying  more  for  a  longer  sla  but  saving  in  the  long  run  on  device  maintenance?  or  should  they  seek  shorter  warranties,  paying  less  to  the  supplier  and  risking  extra  costs  if  components  fail  quickerbut  getting  benefits  if  components  prove  to  be  reliable?  machine  performance  data  delivers  these  insights,  and  by  applying  industrial  analytics,  can  convert  to  actions.  ar  and  vr  can  help  train  field  service,  new  staff,  and  users.  we  are  already  seeing  the  first  applications  of  ar  replacing  traditional  user  manuals.  blockchain  is  a  great  asset  life  cycle  management  tool.  its  especially  useful  for  highticket  assets  that  change  ownership
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring over  time.  on  another  hand,  blockchain  contracts  in  a  digitalized  supply  chain  are  fully  traceable  and  auditable  through  every  device,  component,  part,  and  material.  over  a  time,  everything  weve  discussed  here  will  produce  really  smart  assets  and  will  bring  us  devices  that  are  autonomous,  intelligent,  selfhealing,  and  selfimproving.  science  fiction  fantasy?  maybe.  but  remember  what  we  said  about  automatic  language  translation  or  autonomous  vehicles  20  years  ago.  copyright  genpact  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  phrase  internet  of  things  iot  the  exponentially  growing  phenomenon  connecting  more  and  more  devices  to  the  internet  is  passing  the  lips  of  innovators  and  executives  at  industries  around  the  world.  they  huddle  around  conference  room  tables  and  squeak  out  ideas  with  markers  on  white  boards  in  an  attempt  to  leverage  the  power  of  iot.  the  time  for  iot  is  now.  the  gargantuan  numbers  are  worth  repeating.  why?  big  numbers  command  attention.  according  to  gartner,  30  billion  devices  will  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2021.  thats  roughly  27.5  billion  more  than  a  decade  ago.  heres  another  big  number:  obesity
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring adds  190  billion  to  u.s.  medical  costs  every  year,  and  thats  just  one  of  the  countless  health  epidemics  paralyzing  the  nation2.  not  surprisingly,  iot  has  been  a  natural  frontier  to  explore  solutions  to  better  our  collective  health.  as  consumers,  were  clearly  interested.  thousands  of  devices  and  apps  have  flooded  the  marketplace  to  help  record,  track  and  stimulate  our  health,  and  we  buy  them.  nielsen  reports  that  one  in  six  consumers  now  own  a  wearable  device.3  we  love  them  like  new  toys,  but  the  unfortunate  reality,  is  that  we  soon  abandon  them.  about  a  onethird  of  us  lose  interest  and  leave
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring them  behind  within  six  months.4  herein  lays  the  rub.  we  have  a  health  problem  and  we  have  a  potential  solution.  using  iot  could  make  us  healthier  in  our  lives  and  even  more  productive  in  our  jobs.  however,  we  have  a  difficulty  in  wholly  investing  ourselves.  the  answer  actually  lies  in  the  workplace.  when  corporate  wellness  programs  encourage  healthier  practices  using  gamification  techniques  and  incentivize  wearable  fitness  tracker  usage  with  lower  health  insurance  costs,  the  workplace  will  prove  to  be  the  setting  for  significant  health  improvements  in  the  united  states.gamification  increases  population  engagement,  and  the  effects  emerge  immediately.  simple  contests  have
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring shown  a  17  percent  improvement  in  sleep  and  11  percent  positive  adjustment  in  activity  habits  in  as  little  as  two  weeks.  rewards  pay  off  as  well.  according  to  health  analytics  company  welltok,  96  percent  of  consumers  surveyed  would  engage  in  healthier  behaviors  if  they  received  a  benefit.5  what  might  be  an  even  more  impressive  statistic  is  the  30  percent  who  reported  lower  insurance  premiums  as  their  benefit  of  choice.6  the  good  news  is  that  corporations  have  caught  on.  tractica  found  that  more  than  75  million  wearable  devices  will  be  deployed  in  enterprise  and  industrial  environments  by  2020,  and  that  corporate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring wellness  programs  will  drive  that  growth.  employees  get  healthier,  and  their  wallets  get  thicker.  winwin.  however,  the  companies  themselves  come  out  ahead  as  well.several  health  insurance  companies  are  already  offering  discounts  and  incentives  to  employers  who  encourage  workers  to  use  wearable  devices  to  track  their  activities.  that  strategy  seems  to  be  working.  for  example,  it  consulting  company  appirio  reported  cutting  almost  300,000  in  insurance  costs  because  of  its  wellness  program  that  is  heavily  integrated  with  wearable  devices.  beyond  the  bottom  line,  anyone  disagreeing  with  the  notion  that  a  healthier  workforce  translates  to  fewer  sick  days,  increased  productivity  and  a  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pleasant  working  environment  would  be  hardpressed  to  find.  to  take  it  a  step  further,  organizations  that  initiate  these  programs  end  up  possessing  a  goldmine  of  big  data.  for  example,  a  basis  peaktm  smartwatch  generates  about  72,000  data  points  per  user/per  day.  the  average  100person  population  generates  more  than  1  billion  data  points  every  4.5  months.  when  analyzed  properly,  that  big  data  could  not  only  enable  a  healthier  population,  but  could  also  quickly  translate  to  roi  as  well  as  effective  management  and  organizational  strategies.  by  using  analytics  to  derive  insight  on  these  large  datasets,  companies  can  drive  insight  and  business  benefit.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring just  imagine  the  immense  knowledge  that  could  be  gleaned  at  your  company  when  every  day  is  bring  your  device  to  work  day.  is  the  chairman  and  ceo  of  big  cloud  analytics,  a  realtime  predictive  analytics  technology  company  for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  the  company  has  developed  a  patentpending,  secureplatform  and  programmatic  methodology  that  uses  wearable  devices  to  drive  roi  for  enterprises,  payers  and  hospitals.  the  platform  is  currently  in  the  global  market  and  is  used  by  fortune  50  customers  domestically.  1.  gartner  says  personal  words  and  the  internet  of  everything  are  colliding  to  create  new  markets;  gartner;  barcelona,  spain;
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nov.  11,  2013;  http://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/2621015;  accessed  may  19,  2015.  2.  speights,  k.;  10  flabbergasting  costs  of  americas  obesity;  the  motley  fool;  april  4,  2013;  http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2013/04/04/10flabbergastingcostsamericasobesityepidemic.aspx;  accessed  may  19,  2015.  3.  tech  styles:  are  consumers  really  interested  in  wearing  tech  on  their  sleeves;  nielsen;  march  20,  2014;  http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/news/2014/techstylesareconsumersreallyinterestedinwearingtechontheirsleeves.html;  accessed  may  19,  2015.  4.  inside  wearables;  endeavor  partners;  january  2014;  http://endeavourpartners.net/whitepapers/insidewearables/;  accessed  may  19,2015.  5.  welltok  survey  finds  consumers  struggle  to  find  optimal  health  on  their  own;  prnewswire;  denver;  sept.  16,  2014;  http://www.prnewswire.com/newsreleases/welltoksurveyfindsconsumersstruggletoachieveoptimalhealthontheirown275294721.html;  accessed  may  19,  2015.  6.  more  than  75  million  wearable  devices  to  be  deployed  in  enterprise  and  industrial  environments  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  david  hua,  ph.d.,  ball  state  university  smartphones,  smartwatches,  smart  home  devices  these  technologies  are  having  a  profound  impact  on  the  health  and  wellness  industry.  the  increasing  connectedness  of  physical  environments  and  devices  through  computing  and  communications  is  known  as  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  its  prevalence  continues  to  grow.  ball  state  universitys  intelligent  networked  devices  institute  indi;  cisco  systems,  inc.;  and  techpoint  indianas  technology  industry  growth  accelerator  are  pleased  to  host  the  iot  u:  the  technology  revolution  in  healthcare  wellness  conference  on  thursday,  may  19  at  the  ball  state  fishers  center.  embedded  technologies  can  enable  practitioners  to  monitor
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nearly  any  patient  status  at  any  time,  from  any  location,  in  real  time.  this  type  of  provider/patient  interaction  is  already  being  accomplished  with  devices  such  as  networked  pacemakers  and  glucose  meters.  how  would  this  type  of  capability  improve  patient  care  in  your  field?  where  is  this  technology  headed?  what  are  the  legal  and  privacy  challenges  of  employing  such  technology?  attendees  will  explore  these  questions  and  learn  from  leaders  in  health  care,  device  development  and  academia.  the  keynote  speaker  will  be  charity  rumery,  internet  of  things  specialist  at  cisco  systems,  and  a  previous  vice  president  at  stanley  healthcare.  more  information  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring registration  is  available  at  .  required  fields  are  marked  the  wellness  council  of  indiana  wci  works  collaboratively  to  positively  impact  the  economic  vitality  of  the  state  of  indiana  by  evaluating  and  guiding  workplaces  and  communities  through  the  development  of  their  own  comprehensive  health  and  wellness  strategy.  wci  members  and  staff  inspire  active  living,  community  engagement  and  corporate  social  responsibility.  designed  by  powered  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring dossiers  get  a  quick  quantitative  overview  of  a  topic  outlook  reports  trend  forecasts  in  the  statista  market  outlooks  surveys  market  insights  from  an  expert  and  consumer  perspective  toplists  company  rankings  for  sales  and  analysis  market  studies  complete  markets  in  evaluation  industry  reports  all  key  figures  for  an  industry  global  business  cities  reports  global  business  city  rankings  and  key  figures  on  cities  brand  reports  insights  and  benchmarks  on  brands  worldwide  country  reports  countries  and  their  potential  further  studies  get  a  deeper  insight  into  your  topic  everything  you  need  to  know  about  consumer  goods  identify  market  potentials  of  the  digital  future  key
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring topics  in  mobility  key  economic  and  social  indicators  insights  on  most  important  technology  markets  find  studies  from  all  around  the  internet  sales  and  employment  figures  at  a  glance  data  sets  for  your  business  plan  directly  accessible  data  for  170  industries  from  50  countries  and  over  1mio.  facts.  we  offer  customized  research  analysis  services.  content  marketing  information  design  for  your  projects:  kpis  for  more  than  10,000  online  stores  industryspecific  and  extensively  researched  technical  data  partially  from  exclusive  partnerships.  a  paid  subscription  is  required  for  full  access.  you  need  a  premium  account  for  unlimited  access.  full  access  to  1m  statistics  incl.  source
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring references  available  to  download  in  png,  pdf,  xls  format  59  access  to  this  and  all  other  statistics  on  80,000  topics  from  you  need  a  premium  account  for  unlimited  access.  full  access  to  1m  statistics  incl.  source  references  available  to  download  in  png,  pdf,  xls  format  59  access  to  this  and  all  other  statistics  on  80,000  topics  from  about  this  statistic  show  source  download  started  sports  fitness  market  size  of  the  global  wellness  industry  in  20152017,  by  segment  food  nutrition  health  and  wellness:  market  value  in  the  u.s.  20152020  sports  fitness  us  yoga  industry  revenue  20122020  sports  fitness  u.s.  spa  industry
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring revenue  20082018  you  only  have  access  to  basic  statistics.  this  statistic  is  not  included  in  your  account  instant  access  download  references  corporate  solution  including  all  features.  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  statista  offers  dossiers  and  reports  on  over  170  industries.  with  statista  you  are  always  able  to  make  informed  decisions  and  boost  your  work  efficiency.  we  provide  you  with  detailed  information  about  our  corporate  account.  you  can  only  download  this  statistic  as  a  premium  user.  you  can  only  download  this  statistic  as  a  premium  user.  you  can  only  download
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  statistic  as  a  premium  user.  as  a  premium  user  you  get  access  to  the  detailed  source  references  and  background  information  about  this  statistic.  as  a  premium  user  you  get  access  to  background  information  and  details  about  the  release  of  this  statistic.  as  soon  as  this  statistic  is  updated,  you  will  immediately  be  notified  via  email.  ...and  make  my  research  life  easier.  you  need  at  least  a  premium  account  to  use  this  feature.  this  feature  is  limited  to  our  corporate  solutions.  please  contact  us  to  get  started  with  full  access  to  dossiers,  forecasts,  studies  and  international  data.  we  use  cookies
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  personalize  contents  and  ads,  offer  social  media  features,  and  analyze  access  to  our  website.  in  your  browser  settings  you  can  configure  or  disable  this,  respectively,  and  can  delete  any  already  placed  cookies.  for  details,  please  see  your  browsers  help  section  by  pressing  f1.  please  see  our  for  details  about  how  we  use  data.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  internet  of  things  has  the  potential  to  provide  significant  financial  value  for  healthcare  providers  and  payers  over  the  next  three  years,  from  consulting  firm  accenture  found.  and  the  inability  of  many  healthcare  executives  to  understand  how  the  iot  can  be  used  could  cause  them  to  risk  substantial  cost  savings.  the  report  found  73  percent  of  healthcare  executives  say  the  iot  is  poised  to  create  disruptive  change  within  three  years,  but  only  49  percent  think  their  organizations  leadership  understands  what  the  iot  could  mean  to  their  organization,  according  to  the  accenture  2017  internet  of  health  things  survey.  the  value  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  iot  in  healthcare  will  top  163  billion  by  2020,  with  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  38.1  percent  between  2015  and  2020,  the  report  said,  citing  data  from  emarketer.  providers  and  payers  have  started  making  investments  in  iot  technologies  and  programs.  according  to  the  accenture  report,  healthcare  organizations  with  total  it  budgets  under  26  million  are  devoting  5.8  percent  of  their  budgets  to  the  iot,  those  with  budgets  from  26  to  50  million  are  devoting  9.6  percent,  those  with  budgets  from  51  to  100  million  are  devoting  10.4  percent,  those  with  budgets  from  100  to  200  million  are  devoting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 12.6  percent,  and  those  with  budgets  exceeding  200  million  are  devoting  13.7  percent.  by  not  realizing  the  potential  of  the  iot  in  healthcare,  the  report  said,  healthcare  executives  are  risking  losing  various  benefits  to  be  gained;  for  example,  driving  improved  customer  attraction  and  retention,  and  gaining  medical  and  administrative  cost  savings  through:  remote  patient  monitoring:  88  percent  of  providers  and  81  percent  of  payers  that  have  applied  iot  services  reported  at  least  moderate  improvement  in  consumer  attraction/retention.  wellness  and  prevention  programs:  42  percent  of  providers  and  45  percent  of  payers  that  have  applied  iot  services  reported  achieving  extensive  medical  cost
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring savings  from  their  wellness  and  prevention  iot  programs.  operations:  33  percent  of  payers  and  31  percent  of  providers  that  have  applied  iot  services  reported  realizing  extensive  administrative  cost  savings  from  their  operations  iot  programs.  and  on  the  wearables  front,  91  percent  of  providers  and  95  percent  of  payers  say  wearable  technologies  are  a  part  of  their  wellness  and  prevention  iot  programs.  the  internet  of  health  things  is  already  delivering  tangible  cost  savings,  but  continuous  investment  is  essential,  the  report  stated.  to  succeed  in  the  digital  economy,  healthcare  providers  and  payers  must  take  full  advantage  of  ioht  now  to  grow  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring businesses  in  the  longterm.  connected  devices  using  the  internet  of  health  things  are  beginning  to  transform  healthcare  delivery.  iot  is  also  driving  tech  firms  to  ramp  up  their  offerings.  for  example,  vmware  on  wednesday  unveiled  vmware  pulse  iot  center,  an  enterprisegrade  internet  of  things  infrastructure  management  system  designed  to  enable  information  technology  and  operational  technology  teams  to  have  complete  control  of  their  iot  infrastructure  and  things.  the  companys  goal  with  this  first  offering  in  a  new  family  of  vmware  iot  systems  is  to  help  client  organizations  more  efficiently  manage,  operate,  scale  and  protect  their  iot  projects  from  the  edge  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  cloud.  as  enterprises  look  to  transform  into  digital  businesses,  this  creates  an  opportunity  for  it  and  ot  teams  to  collaborate  as  they  embrace  iot  to  improve  operations  within  their  business,  while  generating  new  forms  of  revenue,  said  mimi  spier,  vice  president  of  iot  at  vmware.  were  leveraging  our  expertise  in  the  enterprise  and  applying  it  to  iot  infrastructure  and  across  all  things.  vmware  pulse  iot  center  will  provide  it  and  ot  teams  visibility  and  control  across  their  iot  usecases,  while  offering  peace  of  mind  with  security  capabilities  throughout  the  iot  value  chain.  2019mobihealthnews  is  a  publication  of  himss  media
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring updates  to  storage  setups  help  healthcare  organizations  build  a  better  infrastructure  for  medical  imaging.  adam  oldenburg  is  the  director  of  cdw  healthcare  sales  west.  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  is  continuously  growing.  according  to  ,  of  healthcare  organizations  will  be  using  iot  devices  by  this  year.  a  separate  report  from  accenture  found  that  todays  healthcare  organizations  dedicate  ,  with  their  investments  rising  incrementally  as  a  hospitals  budget  grows.  these  interconnected  tools  help  hospitals  automate  timeconsuming  administrative  tasks,  track  medication  inventory  and  enhance  building  security,  among  other  critical  functions.  even  better,  they  enhance  highquality  care  that  can  help  .  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 2017  accenture  report  states  of  healthcare  professionals  since  adopting  iot  devices.  the  report  also  notes  remote  patient  monitoring,  wellness  programs  and  data  analysis  that  can  prompt  more  intuitive  decisionmaking  are  key  iot  benefits.  there  has  never  been  a  better  time  for  hospitals  to  invest  in  iot  devices.  learn  how  5g  and  iot  can  enhance  the  patient  care  paradigm.  consider  in  saratoga  springs,  n.y.  such  as  taking  patients  vital  signs  every  few  hours  and  manually  logging  the  results.  in  an  effort  to  improve  clinical  outcomes  and  enhance  patient  safety,  the  organization  turned  to  for  iotenabled  patient  monitoring  technology.  philips  intellivue  guardian
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring solution  automatically  acquires  patients  vital  signs  and  helps  identify  subtle  indicators  of  deterioration,  alerting  caregivers  to  take  swift  and  effective  action  when  needed.  since  its  adoption  of  the  philips  system,  saratoga  hospital  has  seen  to  its  intensive  care  unit.  because  patient  monitors  are  one  of  the  most  common  iot  devices  used  by  of  providers,  according  to  aruba  networks,  theyre  a  straightforward  way  for  healthcare  organizations  to  reduce  costs  and  increase  productivity.  find  out  how  to  bring  modern  technologies  to  your  organization.  iot  technology  has  helped  meet  to  receive  virtual  care  through  remote  patient  monitoring  via  wearables  such  as  and  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  approach  not  only  improves  the  patient  experience  by  eliminating  the  need  for  some  office  visits,  .  the  accenture  report  notes  healthcare  systems  and  insurance  providers  consider  wearables  a  major  part  of  their  wellness  iot  solutions;  both  groups  cited  consumer  satisfaction  as  a  top  driver.  the  report  also  states  the  majority  of  iot  investments  are  focused  on  cardiac  conditions.  at  the  ,  teams  are  using  the  technology  to  monitor  women  with  pregnancyassociated  hypertension.  participants  are  given  a  blood  pressure  cuff  and  asked  to  download  an  app  on  their  phones  upon  their  discharge  to  monitor  their  condition.  most  women  who  experience
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hypertension  during  pregnancy  notice  the  condition  goes  away  after  they  give  birth.  since  the  pilot  launch,  the  hospital  found  that  of  participating  patients  .  beyond  wearables,  in  buffalo,  n.y.,  is  to  reduce  visitor  anxiety.  a  smartphone  app  integrated  with  a  patients  electronic  health  record  can  provide  appointment  notifications,  estimated  arrival  times  and  guided  directions  through  the  necessary  facilities.  it  can  also  help  find  nearby  parking.  the  benefits  iot  devices  offer  patients  and  providers,  both  inside  and  outside  of  hospitals,  are  tangible.  by  investing  in  iot  technology,  hospitals  can  help  both  parties  save  time  and  money,  as  their  facility  takes  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring from  imaging  to  monitoring  systems,  infusion  pumps  to  therapeutic  lasers  and  life  support  machines,  medical  devices  are  used  to  improve  and  streamline  patient  care.  many  of  these  are  networked  and  they  can  be  found  everywhere  in  todays  hospitals.  depending  on  who  you  ask,  in  the  u.s.  there  are,  on  average,  either  a  or  and  keeping  an  eye  on  them  is  a  difficult.  our  data  shows  that  hospitals  on  average  have  lost  track  of  30  of  their  networked  ,  making  it  much  harder  to  protect  them  against  hackers.  this  is  particularly  concerning  because  some  61  of  all  medical  devices  on  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hospital  network  are  at  cyber  risk  and  can  be  compromised  by  malicious  attackers  seeking  to  steal  data,  harm  patients  or  ransomware,  says  motti  sorani,  cto  of  medical  cybersecurity  provider  cybermdx.  unlike  other  critical  it  assets,  connected  medical  devices  are  hardly  visible  in  their  native  it  control  systems,  sorani  explained.  the  it  teams  often  cannot  even  tell  how  many  medical  devices  are  connected,  or  their  type,  and  they  lack  critical  insight  of  the  devices  cybersecurity  risk  status,  threats  and  vulnerabilities.  even  more  shocking,  most  hospitals  lack  the  visibility  to  determine  whether  medical  devices  have  been  hacked.  and  they  are  getting  hacked
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and/or  impaired,  by  hackers  who  are  after  information  personal,  healthcare  and  financial  data  of  patients  and  employees,  money  mostly  through  ransomware  and  cryptocurrency  mining,  disorder  terrorists  or  hacktivists,  or  want  to  conscript  new  devices  into  their  botnets.  ,  ,  orange  worm  and  botnets  effectively  attacked  medical  and  iot  devices  because  they  are  easy  targets.  just  last  month  the  started  bricking  iot  devices,  wreaking  havoc  everywhere,  including  in  the  healthcare  sector.  and  we  hear  of  hospitals  around  the  world  getting  hit  by  ransomware  nearly  every  week,  he  pointed  out.  realworld  repercussions  are  many:  hospital  shutdowns,  compromised  patient  care,  regulatory  infractions,  potential
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring lawsuits  and  the  loss  of  a  hospitals  good  reputation.  unfortunately,  there  isnt  much  patients  can  do  when  it  comes  to  securing  medical  devices  or  their  information.  in  the  u.s.,  hipaa  was  created  to  protect  among  other  things  the  privacy  of  individuals  health  information  while  allowing  covered  entities  to  adopt  new  technologies  to  improve  the  quality  and  efficiency  of  patient  care.  but  thats  not  nearly  enough.  all  stakeholders  involved  must  join  together  with  renewed  vigor  to  create  more  guidelines,  regulations,  and  oversight,  sorani  opined,  and  said  that  the  same  goes  for  the  cyber  protection  of  medical  devices:  hospitals,  device  manufacturers,  security
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring providers,  and  regulatory  bodies  must  collaborate  to  set  higher  standards  for  security.  the  future  holds  in  store  an  even  greater  number  of  ,  and  that  includes  wellness  and  healthassisting  iot  devices.  once  the  patient  care  model  is  reinvented  to  take  advantage  of  wearable  health  technology  and  telemedicine,  these  technological  advances  will  surely  improve  patient  care,  but  will  also  bring  new  risks.  if  we  judge  by  the  recent  healthcare  attacks  ,  phishing  attacks  that  breached  21,000  patient  records  in  minnesota,  the  enormous  no  healthcare  organization  can  hope  to  be  overlooked  in  the  long  run,  he  noted.  while  many  attacks  are  launched
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  lone  wolves  or  smalltime  criminal  affiliates,  bigger  attacks  are  usually  performed  by  wellorganized  groups,  often  acting  on  behalf  of  nationstates.  given  the  global  political  situation,  its  likely  these  types  of  attack  will  become  bigger,  bolder  and  more  frequent.  in  an  increasingly  digitized  world,  protecting  everything  equally  is  not  an  option  and  htm  professionals  must  prioritize  in  order  to  focus  mitigation  efforts  on  more  urgent  needs  and/or  highest  returns.  healthcare  cisos  must  gain  visibility  into  their  entire  fleet  of  devices  and  incorporate  the  iots  and  medical  devices  into  their  cybersecurity  program.  they  should  look  at  solutions  that  could  help  them
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  automate,  provide  panoramic  visibility  into  each  device,  and  take  control  of  them.  hospitals  must  deploy  technology  that  not  only  identifies  a  security  problem,  but  also  solves  it  from  discovery  and  detection,  to  risk  assessment  and  prevention,  sorani  says.  its  also  important  for  healthcare  organizations  to  build  cybersecurity  strategies  that  cross  multiple  departments  and  functions.  a  cultural  shift  is  required  one  that  breaks  down  silos  between  htm  professionals,  it  and  is  and  even  the  silos  within  those  departments,  he  added.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring facebook  linkedin  twitter  facebook  linkedin  twitter  healthcare:  iot  and  cisco  personalize  health  and  wellness  enable  telehealth  and  collaboration  simplify  clinical  workflows  optimize  clinical  business  and  it  operations  protect  patients,  data,  and  devices  cisco  empowers  connected  healthcare  already,  7.1  million  patients  are  using  connected  medical  devices.1  and  the  global  wireless  healthcare  market  is  expected  to  reach  110b  by  2020.  already,  7.1  million  patients  are  using  connected  medical  devices.  and  the  global  wireless  healthcare  market  is  expected  to  reach  110b  by  2020.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring recaptcha  youre  not  going  to  hit  a  ridiculously  long  phone  menu  when  you  call  us.  your  email  isnt  going  to  the  inbox  abyss,  never  to  be  seen  or  heard  from  again.  at  existek,  we  provide  the  exceptional  service  and  communication  wed  want  to  experience  ourselves  tell  us  about  your  needs  required  fields.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  d  b  y  l  e  m  o  n  a  d  e  i  n  s  u  r  a  n  c  e  according  to  a  new  report  from  market  research  reports  and  industry  analysis,  the  healthcare  internet  of  things  market  segment  is  poised  to  hit  117  billion  by  2020.  having  said  that,  i  think  is  revolutionizing  healthcare  industry  by  bringing  up  new  and  advanced  sensors  connected  with  internet  producing  essential  data  on  realtime.  how  does  iot  work  for  the  healthcare  industry?
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot  has  the  potential  to  bring  about  a  drastic  change  to  our  lives  by  interconnecting  various  devices,  sensors,  and  appliances  to  make  life  simpler  and  more  comfortable.  that  being  said,  the  application  of  iot  has  been  mostly  focused  on  areas  such  as  smart  home,  connected  cars,  industrial  internet,  retail,  and  smart  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  the  potential  to  bring  about  a  drastic  change  to  our  lives  by  interconnecting  various  devices,  sensors,  and  appliances  to  make  life  simpler  and  more  comfortable.  that  being  said,  the  application  of  iot  has  been  mostly  focused  on  areas  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  smart  home,  connected  cars,  industrial  internet,  retail,  and  smart  cities.  recently,  the  application  of  iot  has  extended  to  the  ,  where  it  bears  enormous  potential  not  only  for  the  companies  but  also  for  the  wellbeing  of  the  general  population.  the  use  cases  of  iot  in  healthcare  is  ever  increasing  with  the  introduction  of  smart  wearable  devices  tracking  patient  wellness  round  the  clock.  the  process  of  inventory  management  using  iot  is  not  strictly  practiced  in  hospitals.  they  can  pick  up  a  few  pointers  from  the  retail  industry  to  leverage  the  iot  technology.  a  big  challenge  arises  when  hospitals  strive  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring integrate  the  healthcare  iot  tools  with  erp  solutions.  hospitals  will  significantly  benefit  from  in  areas  like  pharmacy  and  overall  inventory  control  in  warehouses  with  the  help  of  smart  cabinets.  healthcare  iot  enhances  the  ability  of  healthcare  technologies  to  track  shelf  life  of  medicines,  alert  low  stock  levels  of  medicines  and  medical  equipments,  and  plan  inventory  ordering.  the  key  to  effective  hospital  cost  management  comes  down  to  proper  resource  allocation.  matching  workforce  availability  with  fluctuating  demand  for  healthcare  is  a  near  impossible  task.  however,  that  scenario  is  going  to  change  with  the  use  of  rfid  tags,  wristbands,  and  id  badges,  which
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring can  help  them  manage  the  throughput,  analyze  bottlenecks,  and  work  a  way  out  to  resolve  such  bottleneck  issues  to  deliver  increased  value  to  the  patients.  the  sole  existence  of  the  healthcare  industry  revolves  around  the  wellbeing  of  the  patients.  healthcare  industry  is  increasing  its  dependence  on  .  they  do  so  by  using  smart,  interconnected  devices  that  transmit  patientrelated  information  that  can  be  analyzed  by  physicians  from  any  location.  to  know  more  about  use  cases  of  healthcare  iot,  healthcare  iot  devices,  health  apps,  healthcare  iot  companies,  and  iot  health  monitoring  system:  are  you  interested  in  quantzigs  analytics  solutions?  contact  us  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring submitting  your  details  below  and  we  will  get  in  touch  with  you.  the  site  uses  cookies  to  record  users  preferences  in  relation  to  the  functionality  of  accessibility.please  refer  to  the  help  guide  of  your  browser  for  further  information  on  cookies,  including  how  to  disable  them.  review  our
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring offering  evergreater  levels  of  interconnectivity  and  data  sharing,  along  with  the  operational  advantages  that  go  along  with  them,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  become  a  pervasive  force  in  business.  as  a  means  to  connect  any  person  with  any  device  in  virtually  any  location,  its  a  particularly  resonant  concept  for  medicine,  with  healthcare  iot  evolving  almost  handinhand  with  remote  patient  monitoring  rpm  to  transform  the  very  concept  of  care.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  meet  laney  preheim,vice  president  of  operations  forcare  innovations  read  article  what  the  marine  corps  taught  me  about  working  in  the  healthcare  industry  read  article
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  addition  to  wearability  and  data  quality,  timely  data  access  is  a  key  determining  factor  in  the  success  of  remote  patient  monitoring  health  care  solutions.  robust  iot  architecture  can  enhance  data  access  outcomes.  do
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring next  gen  solutions  next  gen  solutions  next  gen  solutions  our  remote  patient  monitoring  solution  enables  monitoring  of  patients  outside  of  conventional  clinical  settings  e.g.  at  home,  which  helps  to  increase  access  to  healthcare  facilities  at  lower  costs.  we  have  developed  an  endtoend  remote  patient  monitoring  offering  leveraging  our  expertise  in  big  data  and  cloud.  remote  patient  monitoring  is  rapidly  being  adopted  by  hospitals/health  care  providers  across  the  globe  and  our  solution  is  unique  in  this  space  with  an  endtoend  service  offering.  widespread  remote  monitoring  can  cut  healthcare  costs  by  billions.  this  solution  provides  access  to  wider  geographical  areas  including  underserved
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring locations.  it  gives  access  to  specialty  care  and  brings  down  the  cost  of  treatment  and  time  of  travel  for  rural  and  semiurban  populations.  remote  monitoring  detects  problems  earlier,  which  means  better  outcomes  and  less  hospital  time.  medical  devices  and  wearable  devices  machine  to  machine  solutions  that  deliver  business  value.  for  further  information  please  write  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring searching  for  your  content...  phone  8887760942  from  8  am  10  pm  et  chat  news  provided  by  jul  15,  2019,  10:39  et  share  this  article  databased  solutions  like  predictive  technologies  to  aid  in  the  provision  of  a  holistic  service,  finds  frost  sullivan  ,  /prnewswire/  newage  concepts  such  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  iomt  ,  artificial  intelligence  ai  ,  and  big  data  analytics  are  opening  up  new  cases  for  remote  patient  monitoring  rpm.  in  recent  years,  venture  capitalists  have  increasingly  invested  in  startups  with  competencies  in  these  areas,  especially  integrated  and  lowercost  monitors  and  sensors  .  with  this  development,  rpm  will
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring soon  shift  the  centre  of  care  from  the  hospital  to  the  home  and  become  a  mainstream  medical  service,  growing  to  in  2023  at  a  strong  cagr.  ai  technology  is  poised  to  become  more  visible  across  the  healthcare  process  and  clinical  workflows  .  there  will  be  significant  opportunities  in  the  virtual  assistant  space  and  other  datadriven  ai  applications  ,  said  chandni  mathur,industry  analyst  at  frost  sullivan  .  vendors  are  also  choosing  the  bringyourowndevice  model  byod  ,  giving  users  the  flexibility  of  using  their  own  hardware.  datadriven  technologies  such  as  predictive  analytics  and  data  visualization  are  also  gaining  momentum.  frost  sullivans  recent
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring analysis,  remote  patient  monitoring  market  in  ,  forecast  to  2023  ,  analyses  inhome  or  mobile  patient  environment  rpm  .  it  examines  the  country/regional  trends  that  will  influence  the  uptake  of  rpm  solutions  as  well  as  the  market  segments  most  likely  to  adopt  this  technology.  it  also  identifies  the  growth  opportunities  and  future  perspectives  for  vendors  to  consider  while  devising  their  strategies  for  the  european  markets.  for  further  information  on  this  analysis,  please  visit:  is  an  enthusiastic  adopter  of  rpm  solutions,  with  the  highest  growth  expected  from  the  ,  ,  ,  and  ,  noted  mathur.  furthermore,  the  imminent  spate  of  regulatory
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring approvals  across  for  consumergrade  wearables  to  monitor  vital  signs  will  prove  a  huge  growth  driver  over  the  next  five  years.  for  greater  growth  opportunities,  market  vendors  need  to:  data  gathering  precise  risk  stratification  wearables/data  collection  tools  telemedicine  predictive  ai  remote  patient  monitoring  market  in  ,  forecast  to  2023  is  part  of  frost  sullivans  global  digital  health  growth  partnership  service  program.  about  frost  sullivan  for  over  five  decades,  frost  sullivan  has  become  worldrenowned  for  its  role  in  helping  investors,  corporate  leaders  and  governments  navigate  economic  changes  and  identify  disruptive  technologies,  mega  trends,  new  business  models  and  companies  to  action,  resulting  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  continuous  flow  of  growth  opportunities  to  drive  future  success.  .  remote  patient  monitoring  market  in  ,  forecast  to  2023  me6148  contact:  t:  1  210  247  2481348  10  12  e:  source  frost  sullivan  more  news  releases  in  similar  topics  you  just  read:  news  provided  by  jul  15,  2019,  10:39  et  share  this  article  share  this  article
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  fetching  bibliography...  generate  a  file  for  use  with  external  citation  management  software.  in  this  article,  we  ponder  multiuser  medical  image  transmission  using  cognitive  multipleinput  multipleoutput  mimo  multicarrier  codedivisionmultipleaccess  mccdma  system  to  monitor  patient  information.  we  investigate  the  performance  of  such  system  in  the  communication  layer  and  application  layer  of  internet  of  things  iot.  patient  monitoring  system  plays  vital  role  in  the  hospital  particularly  in  the  emergency  ward  to  resolve  certain  problems  such  as  maintaining  glucose  level  in  the  body,  maintaining  minimum  sugar  levels  under  emergency  conditions.  iot  find  tremendous  application  in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hospital  to  deal  with  certain  issues  such  as  injection  of  drug  to  the  patients  by  doctor  from  remote  places,  monitoring  patients  heart  beats,  sugar  level  by  the  concerned  doctors.  mimo  finds  many  applications  in  medical  field  to  enrich  data  rate  while  communication  patient  information  at  faster  rate.  we  utilize  mccdma  system  to  accommodate  large  user  patients  information  and  to  transmit  such  information  with  high  resolution  by  eliminating  channel  impairments.  we  are  utilizing  cognitive  spectrum  for  medical  image  transmission  of  higher  bandwidth  applications.  we  realize  doublespacetime  transmit  diversity  as  mimo  profile  to  boost  up  throughput.  we  perform  multicarrier  modulation  using  idft
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring at  the  transmitter  .we  carryout  demodulation  employing  dft  at  the  hospital.  we  introduce  multicarrier  communication  to  fulfil  the  need  of  bandwidth  efficiency  and  to  diminish  frequency  selectivity  effects.in  the  application  layer,  we  estimate  patients  information  with  aid  of  blocknulling  decoding  algorithm.  moreover  we  analyze  the  quality  of  image  of  dsttd  mccdma  system  with  turbo  style  of  channel  encoder  to  manifest  medical  image  with  high  resolution  with  less  signal  strength.  we  conclude  that  cognitive  dsttd  mccdma  system  provides  reliable  communication  for  the  application  of  iot  and  also  transfer  high  resolution  medical  image  with  less  signal  strength  in  order  to  observe  patient
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring brought  to  you  by  this  article  presents  the  design  of  a  realtime  health  monitoring  system  which  can  store  a  patients  basic  health  parameters.  the  data  can  be  made  available  to  a  medical  practitioner  as  an  alert  and  for  monitoring  by  multiple  means  of  communication.  at  present,  healthcare  systems  exist  with  single  mode  communication  option  popularly  either  in  gsm  or  data  access  on  a  web  application.  the  proposed  health  monitoring  system  enhances  healthcare  delivery  by  communicating  multiplexed  data  over  three  modes  ble  mobile  application,  gsm  messaging  services  and  wifi  internet.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring spani  classfa  faeye/i  /span  health  monitoring  is  the  major  problem  in  todays  world.  due  to  lack  of  proper  health  monitoring,  patient  suffer  from  serious  health  issues.  there  are  lots  of  iot  devices  now  days  to  monitor  the  health  of  patient  over  internet.  health  experts  are  also  taking  advantage  of  these  smart  devices  to  keep  an  eye  on  their  patients.  with  tons  of  new  healthcare  technology  startups,  is  rapidly  revolutionizing  the  healthcare  industry.  here  in  this  project,  we  will  make  an  which  records  the  patient  heart  beat  rate  and  body  temperature  and  also  send  an  email/smsalert  whenever  those  readings  goes  beyond
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring critical  values.  pulse  rate  and  body  temperature  readings  are  recorded  over  thingspeak  and  google  sheets  so  that  patient  health  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere  in  the  world  over  internet.  a  panic  will  also  be  attached  so  that  patient  can  press  it  on  emergency  to  send  email/sms  to  their  relatives.  arduino  uno  esp8266  wifi  module  lm35  temperature  sensor  pulse  rate  sensor  push  button  10k  resistor  malefemale  wires  breadboard  pulse  sensor  is  a  welldesigned  plugandplay  heartrate  sensor  for  arduino.the  sensor  clips  onto  a  fingertip  or  earlobe  and  plugs  right  into  arduino.  it  also  includes  an  opensource  monitoring  app  that  graphs  your  pulse
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  real  time.  the  front  of  the  sensor  is  the  covered  with  the  heart  shape  logo.  this  is  the  side  that  makes  contact  with  the  skin.  on  the  front  you  see  a  small  round  hole,  which  is  where  the  led  shines  through  from  the  back,  and  there  is  also  a  little  square  just  under  the  led.  the  square  is  an  ambient  light  sensor,  exactly  like  the  one  used  in  cellphones,  tablets,  and  laptops,  to  adjust  the  screen  brightness  in  different  light  conditions.  the  led  shines  light  into  the  fingertip  or  earlobe,  or  other  capillary  tissue,  and  sensor  reads  the  amount
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  light  that  bounces  back.  thats  how  it  calculates  the  heart  rate.  the  other  side  of  the  sensor  is  where  the  rest  of  the  parts  are  mounted.  before  we  use  this  sensor,  we  need  to  protect  the  exposed  side  of  the  sensor  so  that  we  can  get  accurate  readings  and  avoid  the  short  circuit  due  to  sweat.  for  this,  you  can  use  velcro  strip  or  black  tape.  as  shown  in  the  picture.  there  are  three  wires  coming  out  of  the  sensor,  signals,  vcc3  5  v  and  gnd.  .  the  same  sensor  is  used  in  our  .  is  a  analog  linear
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring temperature  sensor.  its  output  is  proportional  to  the  temperature  indegree  celsius.  the  operating  temperature  range  is  from  55c  to  150c.  the  output  voltage  varies  by  10mv  in  response  to  every  c  rise  or  fall  in  temperature.  it  can  be  operated  from  a  5v  as  well  as  3.3  v  supply  and  the  stand  by  current  is  less  than  60ua.  most  people  call  esp8266  as  a  wifi  module,  but  it  is  actually  a  microcontroller.  esp8266  is  the  name  of  the  microcontroller  developed  by  espressif  systems  which  is  a  company  based  out  of  shanghai.  this  microcontroller  has  the  ability  to  perform  wifi  related
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring activities  hence  .  there  are  two  of  ways  to  work  with  your  esp8266  module.  this  tutorial  will  help  you  to  get  started  with  esp8266.one  way  is  by  using  the  at  commands.  the  other  way  is  by  using  the  arduino  ide.  here  we  will  use  at  commands  to  send  data  from  arduino  to  esp.  below  are  the  connections:  provides  very  good  tool  for  .  by  using  thingspeak  site,  we  can  monitor  our  data  and  control  our  system  over  the  internet,  using  the  channels  and  webpages  provided  by  thingspeak.  thingspeak  the  data  from  the  sensors,  the  data  and  by  triggering  a  reaction.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  have  previously  used  thingspeak  in  ,  check  them  to  learn  more  about  thingspeak.  here  we  are  briefly  explaining  to  use  thingspeak  for  this  we  will  use  to  monitor  patient  heartbeat  and  temperature  online  using  internet.  we  will  also  use  platform  to  connect  thingspeak  to  email/message  service  so  that  alert  message  can  be  sent  whenever  the  patient  is  in  critical  state.  first  of  all,  user  needs  to  create  a  account  on  thingspeak.com,  then  .  now  go  to  the  channels  menu  and  click  on  option  on  the  same  page  for  further  process.  now  you  will  see  a  form  for  ,  fill
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  the  name  and  description  as  per  your  choice.  then  fill  pulse  rate,  temperature  and  panic  in  field  1,  field  2  and  field  3  labels,  tick  the  checkboxes  for  the  fields.  also  tick  the  check  box  for  make  public  option  below  in  the  form  and  finally  save  the  channel.  now  your  new  channel  has  been  created.  you  will  see  three  charts  as  shown  below.  note  the  ,  we  will  use  this  key  in  our  code.  now,  we  will  use  thinghttp  app  of  the  server  to  trigger  the  ifttt  applet  for  data  entry  to  google  sheets  and  send  email/sms.  thinghttp  enables
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring communication  among  devices,  websites,  and  web  services  without  having  to  implement  the  protocol  on  the  device  level.  you  can  specify  actions  in  thinghttp,  which  you  want  to  trigger  using  other  thingspeak  apps  such  as  .  to  make  new  thinghttp,  we  will  need  url  for  triggering  which  we  will  get  from  ifttt.  login  to  ifttt  and  search  for  and  click  on  it.  click  on  .  type  patientinfo  in  the  event  box  and  copy  the  url.  we  will  use  this  url  in  thinghttp.  now  lets  make  applet  to  link  thinghttp  to  google  sheet  and  to  send  email/sms.  after  that  we  will  jump
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  complete  our  thinghttp.  click  on  new  applete  in  my  applete  option.  click  on  this  and  search  for  webhooks  and  click  on  it.  choose  trigger  as  receive  a  web  request.  type  the  event  name  which  is  same  as  you  write  in  the  event  box  in  webhooks  url.  click  on  create  trigger.  click  on  that  and  search  for  google  sheets  and  click  on  it.  click  on  .  give  any  name  to  your  sheet.  in  formatted  row  box,  you  have  date  and  time,  event  name,  bpm  value  and  body  temperature  which  will  be  written  as  shown.  review  your  applet  and  click  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring finish.  in  the  same  way,  .  so  again  click  on  this  and  select  webhooks  ,  then  in  event  name  enter  panic.  in  that  search  for  gmail  and  click  on  it.  now,  click  on  send  an  email.  type  the  email  addresses  on  which  you  wish  to  receive  email  when  there  is  a  panic  to  the  patient.  type  the  body  content  you  wish  to  send  in  the  email  and  click  on  create  action.  review  it  and  finish.  .  now,  come  back  to  thingspeakappsthinghttp  .  click  on  new  thinghttp  .  give  any  name  and  paste  the  url  that  you  copied  from  the  webhooks
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring documentation.  fill  remaining  information  as  shown  below.  in  body,  we  have  to  write  the  information  that  we  want  to  send  to  the  ifttt  applet.  we  are  sending  patient  pulse  reading  and  temperature.  so  the  format  is  after  filling  these  informations,  click  on  save  thinghttp  .  in  the  same  manner,  we  have  to  make  thinghttp  for  panic.  follow  the  same  steps.  in  url,  write  in  place  of  body  remains  empty  and  all  other  information  are  same  as  in  previous  thinghttp.  save  it.  react  react  works  with  thinghttpapp  to  perform  actions  when  channel  data  meets  a  certain  condition.  to  make  react,  click
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  apps  react.  click  on  .  give  name  to  your  react.  condition  type  as  numeric  and  test  freaquency  as  on  data  insertion.  choose  the  condition  on  which  you  want  to  trigger  the  url.  select  your  channel  from  the  if  channel  drop  down  menu.  choose  field  1  i.e  pulse  rate  and  make  condition  of  greater  than  any  value.  i  have  used  60.  as  shown  choose  from  action  drop  down  menu  and  select  the  .  select  run  action  each  time  condition  is  met  and  click  on  save  react  .  in  the  same  way,  make  react  for  the  as  shown.  select  run  action
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring each  time  condition  is  met  and  click  on  save  react.  we  have  done  with  web  based  work.  now,  we  will  see  code  for  arduino.  is  given  at  the  end,  here  we  are  explaining  few  important  part  of  it.  we  will  use  which  can  be  downloaded  from  this  .  also,  we  are  using  timer  to  set  interval  to  take  readings.  for  this  we  need  ,  which  can  be  downloaded  from  this  .  lets  jump  to  coding  part  first,  we  include  all  the  libraries.  we  are  using  software  serial  to  communicate  with  esp8266.  make  instance  for  timer,  softwareserial  and  pulse  sensor  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring use  in  our  code.  setup  lowlevel  interrupts  for  most  accurate  bpm  match  and  enable  debug  to  show  ongoing  commands  on  serial  monitor.  set  your  wifi  name  ,  password  and  ip  of  thingspeak.com  declare  string  to  update  information  on  thingspeak  channel.  you  will  need  api  key  for  this,  which  can  be  found  from  your  thingspeak  channel  api  key  .  copy  and  paste  here.  in  setup  function,  set  the  baud  rate  for  serial  communication  between  arduino  serial  monitor  and  esp8266.  start  the  esp  communication  by  giving  at  command  to  it  and  connect  it  by  calling  connectwifi;  function.  after  that  we  will  initialize
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring timers  by  calling  t.everytimeinterval,  dothis;  which  will  take  the  readings  of  the  sensors  and  update  on  the  channel  after  every  timeinterval  you  defined.  we  have  to  make  functions  for  ,  ,  and  .  make  function  for  connectwifi  which  will  return  true  or  false  depending  upon  wifi  connected  or  not.  will  make  esp8266  work  in  station  mode  .  command,  used  in  this  function,  is  to  connect  to  your  access  point  your  wifi  router.  make  getreadings;  function  to  take  pulse  sensor  and  lm35  readings  and  convert  them  to  string  using  dtostrf;  function  define  char  array  for  bpm  and  temp  and  convert  float
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring value  of  these  sensors  to  string  using  make  function  for  updating  sensor  information  on  the  thingspeak  channel.  at  command  will  establish  tcp  command  over  port  80  attach  the  readings  with  the  get  url  using  field1;  for  pulse  readings  and  field2;  for  temperature  readings.  send  this  information  using  atcipsend  command.  similarly,  make  function  for  panicbutton  .  when  button  goes  to  high,  esp8266  send  the  information  to  the  server  using  atcipstart  and  atcipsend  commands.  attach  this  information  to  field3.  in  loop  function,  call  panicbutton  and  timers  using  t.update  function  .  now,  connect  your  hardware  components  according  to  the  circuit  diagram  and  upload
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  code  to  the  arduino.  open  serial  monitor  to  see  whats  going  inside  the  code.  you  will  see  data  is  updated  defined  in  the  google  sheets  on  google  drive,  after  the  interval  you  defined  in  the  timer  setting.  press  panic  button  for  45  seconds,  you  will  get  email  that  patient  is  in  problem,  like  shown  below:  check  the  given  below.  define  usearduinointerrupts  true  define  debug  true  define  ssid  //  ssidwifiname  define  pass  //  password  define  ip  184.106.153.149  //  thingspeak.com  ip  include  softwareserial.h  include  timer.h  include  pulsesensorplayground.h  //  includes  the  pulsesensorplayground  library.  timer  t;  pulsesensorplayground  pulsesensor;  string  msg  get  /update?keyyour  api
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring key;  softwareserial  esp826610,11;  //variables  const  int  pulsewire  a0;  //  pulsesensor  purple  wire  connected  to  analog  pin  0  const  int  led13  13;  //  the  onboard  arduino  led,  close  to  pin  13.  int  threshold  550;  //for  heart  rate  sensor  float  mytemp;  int  mybpm;  string  bpm;  string  temp;  int  error;  int  panic;  int  rawmytemp;  float  voltage;  float  tempc;  void  setup  serial.begin9600;  esp8266.begin115200;  pulsesensor.analoginputpulsewire;  pulsesensor.blinkonpulseled13;  //automagically  blink  arduinos  led  with  heartbeat.  pulsesensor.setthresholdthreshold;  //  doublecheck  the  pulsesensor  object  was  created  and  began  seeing  a  signal.  if  pulsesensor.begin  serial.printlnwe  created  a  pulsesensor  object  ;  //this  prints  one  time  at  arduino  powerup,  or  on  arduino  reset.  serial.printlnat;
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring esp8266.printlnat;  delay3000;  ifesp8266.findok  connectwifi;  t.every10000,  getreadings;  t.every10000,  updateinfo;  void  loop  panicbutton;  start:  //label  error0;  t.update;  //resend  if  transmission  is  not  completed  if  error1  goto  start;  //go  to  label  start  delay4000;  void  updateinfo  string  cmd  atcipstarttcp,;  cmd  ip;  cmd  ,80;  serial.printlncmd;  esp8266.printlncmd;  delay2000;  ifesp8266.finderror  return;  cmd  msg  ;  cmd  field1;  //field  1  for  bpm  cmd  bpm;  cmd  field2;  //field  2  for  temperature  cmd  temp;  cmd  rn;  serial.printatcipsend;  esp8266.printatcipsend;  serial.printlncmd.length;  esp8266.printlncmd.length;  ifesp8266.find  serial.printcmd;  esp8266.printcmd;  else  serial.printlnatcipclose;  esp8266.printlnatcipclose;  //resend...  error1;  boolean  connectwifi  serial.printlnatcwmode1;  esp8266.printlnatcwmode1;  delay2000;  string  cmdatcwjap;  cmdssid;  cmd,;  cmdpass;  cmd;  serial.printlncmd;  esp8266.printlncmd;  delay5000;  ifesp8266.findok  return  true;  else  return  false;  void  getreadings  rawmytemp
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring analogreada1;  voltage  rawmytemp  /  1023.0  5000;  //  5000  to  get  millivots.  tempc  voltage  0.1;  mytemp  tempc  1.8  32;  //  conver  to  f  serial.printlnmytemp;  int  mybpm  pulsesensor.getbeatsperminute;  //  calls  function  on  our  pulsesensor  object  that  returns  bpm  as  an  int.  //  mybpm  hold  this  bpm  value  now.  if  pulsesensor.sawstartofbeat  //  constantly  test  to  see  if  a  beat  happened.  serial.printlnmybpm;  //  print  the  value  inside  of  mybpm.  delay20;  char  buffer110;  char  buffer210;  bpm  dtostrfmybpm,  4,  1,  buffer1;  temp  dtostrfmytemp,  4,  1,  buffer2;  void  panicbutton  panic  digitalread8;  ifpanic  high  serial.printlnpanic;  string  cmd  atcipstarttcp,;  cmd  ip;  cmd  ,80;  serial.printlncmd;  esp8266.printlncmd;  delay2000;  ifesp8266.finderror  return;  cmd
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring msg  ;  cmd  field3;  cmd  panic;  cmd  rn;  serial.printatcipsend;  esp8266.printatcipsend;  serial.printlncmd.length;  esp8266.printlncmd.length;  ifesp8266.find  serial.printcmd;  esp8266.printcmd;  else  serial.printlnatcipclose;  esp8266.printlnatcipclose;  //resend...  error1;  subscribe  below  to  receive  most  popular  news,  articles  and  diy  projects  from  circuit  digest  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  arduino:  1.8.7  windows  10,  board:  arduino/genuino  uno  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  setup:  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:46:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  updateinfo:  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:76:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:90:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:  in  function  boolean  connectwifi:  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:117:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  panicbutton:  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:156:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usershpdocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:168:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  c:usershpappdatalocaltempccczdjll.ltrans0.ltrans.o:  in  function  begin:  c:usershpdocumentsarduinolibrariespulsesensorplaygroundmastersrc/pulsesensorplayground.cpp:55:  undefined  reference  to  pulsesensorplayground::usinginterrupts  c:usershpdocumentsarduinolibrariespulsesensorplaygroundmastersrc/pulsesensorplayground.cpp:56:  undefined  reference  to  pulsesensorplaygroundsetupinterrupt  collect2.exe:  error:  ld  returned  1  exit  status  exit  status  1  this  report  would  have  more  information
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  show  verbose  output  during  compilation  option  enabled  in  file  preferences.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  where  you  able  to  get  the  code  to  work?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  were  you  able  to  get  the  code  to  work?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  the  solution  is  discussed  here  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  c:userslenovodocumentsarduinopatientmonitoringpatientmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  getreadings:  patientmonitoring:128:27:  error:  a1  was  not  declared  in  this  scope  rawmytemp  analogreada1;  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  what  type  of  board  we  need  to  select  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  arduinouno  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  when  i  upload  this  code  on  arduino  board,i  have  this  type  of  error.the  error  given  below:  arduino:  1.8.6  windows  10,  board:  arduino/genuino  uno  c:program
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring filesarduinoarduinobuilder  dumpprefs  loggermachine  hardware  c:program  filesarduinohardware  tools  c:program  filesarduinotoolsbuilder  tools  c:program  filesarduinohardwaretoolsavr  builtinlibraries  c:program  filesarduinolibraries  libraries  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinolibraries  fqbnarduino:avr:uno  vidpid0x23410x0043  ideversion10806  buildpath  c:usersaishaa1appdatalocaltemparduinobuild523578  warningsnone  buildcache  c:usersaishaa1appdatalocaltemparduinocache762418  prefsbuild.warndatapercentage75  prefsruntime.tools.avrgcc.pathc:program  filesarduinohardwaretoolsavr  prefsruntime.tools.arduinoota.pathc:program  filesarduinohardwaretoolsavr  prefsruntime.tools.avrdude.pathc:program  filesarduinohardwaretoolsavr  verbose  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinoiotbasediotbased.ino  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinolibrariespulsesensorplaygroundmastersrc/pulsesensorplayground.cpp:55:  undefined  reference  to  pulsesensorplayground::usinginterrupts  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinolibrariespulsesensorplaygroundmastersrc/pulsesensorplayground.cpp:56:  undefined  reference  to  pulsesensorplaygroundsetupinterrupt  collect2.exe:  error:  ld  returned  1  exit  status  using  library  softwareserial  at  version  1.0  in  folder:  c:program  filesarduinohardwarearduinoavrlibrariessoftwareserial  using  library  pulsesensorplaygroundmaster  at  version  1.4.11  in  folder:  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinolibrariespulsesensorplaygroundmaster  using  library  timermaster  in  folder:  c:usersaisha  anamdocumentsarduinolibrariestimermaster  legacy  exit  status  1  error  compiling  for  board  arduino/genuino  uno.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  have  a  coding  problem.  because  i  tried  a  lot  of  mistakes  that  happened  ...  so  plesae  help  me  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  have  a  coding  problem.  because  i  tried  a  lot  of  mistakes  that  happened  ...  so  plesae  help  me  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  have  a  coding  problem.  because  i  tried  a  lot  of  mistakes  that  happened  ...  so  pleasehelp  me.  thank  you  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  sketchdec21a:9:19:  error:  timer.h:  no  such  file  or  directory  compilation  terminated.  exit  status  1  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  am  facing  this  error  in  code  during  compilation.help  me  please  .  sketchdec21a:9:19:  error:  timer.h:  no  such  file  or  directory  compilation  terminated.  exit  status  1  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  want  full  documentation  of  these  project  pls  send  to  my  e  mail  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  have  coding  problem  arduino:  1.8.8  windows  10,  board:  arduino/genuino  uno  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:3:55:  warning:  missing  terminating  character  define  ssid  pldthomedslcuyugan  //  ssidwifiname  motion:111:3:  error:  missing  terminating  character  cmdssid;  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  setup:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:47:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  updateinfo:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:77:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:91:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  c:usersarielle
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  boolean  connectwifi:  motion:3:14:  error:  pldthomedslcuyugan  was  not  declared  in  this  scope  define  ssid  pldthomedslcuyugan  //  ssidwifiname  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:111:8:  note:  in  expansion  of  macro  ssid  cmdssid;  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:118:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  panicbutton:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:157:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:169:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  multiple  libraries  were  found  for  pulsesensorplayground.h  this  report  would  have  more  information  with  show  verbose  output  during  compilation  option  enabled  in  file  preferences.  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  setup:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:47:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  updateinfo:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:77:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:91:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  boolean  connectwifi:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:118:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:  in  function  void  panicbutton:  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:157:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersarielle  ja9desktopmotionmotion.ino:169:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  sketch  uses  12576  bytes  38  of  program  storage  space.  maximum  is  32256  bytes.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  you  send  the  error  free  aurdino  uno  program  code  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  is  the  code  error  free?  i  want  to  use  it  for  my  project.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  am  getting  the  bpm  and  temperature  values  in  the  serial  monitor  but  not  getting  in  the  thingspeak  channel  and  not  getting  any  mail  or  google  sheet  this  file  is  not  used  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  email  me  at  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  ardunio  library  used  to  the  run  the  wifi  module?  do  we  have  to  add  some  header  file  for  that?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  13:03:03.244  awe  created  a  pulsesensor  object  this  is  the  output  that  am  getting.  neither  is  the  data  getting  updated  ;nor  it  isdisplayed  in  the  thingspeak  channel.  what  are  the  possible  mistakes  that  i  could  have  made?  why  is  the  update  command  not  displayed  in  the  output?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  im  have  the  same  problem  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  if  you  can  solve  it,  please  help  me  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  once  reason  that  i  could  think  of  is  your  access  token  not  mathing.  did  you  change  that  in  the  code  ?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  have  you  solved  the  problem?if  you  solved  it  can  you  please  help  me  out  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  do  u  get  the  solutio?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  setup:  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:47:23:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  updateinfo:  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:77:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:91:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:  in  function  boolean  connectwifi:  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:118:23:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.findok  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:  in  function  void  panicbutton:  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:157:26:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.finderror  c:usersacerdocumentsarduinohealthmonitoringhealthmonitoring.ino:169:22:  warning:  iso  c  forbids  converting  a  string  constant  to  char  wwritestrings  ifesp8266.find  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  for  me  code  is  working  perfectly.  even  in  thingspeak  also  all  datas  are  getting  correctly.  but  once  i  passing  those  values  to  ifttt  in  my  patientinfo  event  not  taking  value1  and  value2.  and  in  my  google  sheet  entires  are  adding  only  with  event  name  and  date  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring could  u  send  me  the  code  mousers  latest  ebook  examines  nxps  use  of  ai  to  reshape  solutions  and  products  for  the  future.  features  a  deepcover  embedded  security  solution  to  cloak  sensitive  data.  protect  against  voltage  transients  from  lightning  and  other  transient  voltage  events.  function  in  passthrough,  forced  continuous,  pulseskipping,  and  burst  mode  operations.  1.5a  switchmode  battery  charge  management  and  system  power  path  management  device.  contains  a  ch101  sensor  on  a  small  pcb  and  is  based  on  chirps  patented  mems  technology.  offer  an  ip67  waterproof  rating,  a  300vrms  voltage  rating,  and  a  ul94hb  flame  rating.  offer  500  mating  cycles  min.,  ip2x
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring finger  protected  contacts,  and  are  ip67  sealed  when  mated.  the  can  transceiver  and  arbitration  logic  in  this  ti  design  support  can  fd  speed  up  to  2mbps.  small  6mm  form  factor  pcb  width  with  integrated  protection  and  resistance  temperature  detector.  8channel,  groupisolated,  digital  input  module  design  for  industrial  functional  safety.  this  design  showcases  the  lmg1020,  lowside  nanosecond  gan  gate  driver  capable  of  driving  a  fet.  this  design  features  sic  mosfets  with  switching  loss  to  enable  higher  dc  bus  voltages  of  up  to  800v.  reference  design  from  texas  instruments  for  hev/ev  onboard  charter  and  energy  storage  applications.  our  ics  reference  designs  enable
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smarter  and  safer  ac  charging  stations  for  electric  vehicles.  beneficial  where  power  density,  cost,  weight  and  high  voltage  conversion  ratio  are  critical  factors.  connect  with  us  on  social  media  and  stay  updated  with  latest  news,  articles  and  projects  sign  up  for  latest  news
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring when  the  humanity  entered  the  new  era  of  relative  welfare  for  everyone,  better  health  and  longer  lives  of  people  brought  new  challenges  for  the  healthcare  industry.  when  chronic  diseases  do  not  kill  you,  and  you  can  easily  live  through  your  100th  anniversary,  healthcare  providers  should  adapt  their  ways  of  monitoring  your  health  so  that  they  will  not  be  overwhelmed  with  the  amount  of  your  centurylong  data.  one  of  the  possible  answers  to  the  new  challenges  has  been  the  implementation  of  the  internet  of  things  for  healthcare,  or  the  internet  of  medical  things.  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem,  that  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  seem  to  be  endless:  from  remote  monitoring  and  personal  healthcare  to  smart  sensors  and  medical  device  integration,  as  well  as  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  smart  pills,  and  even  treatments  of  diseases.  it  has  the  potential  to  not  only  keep  patients  safe  and  healthy,  but  to  improve  how  physicians  deliver  care  as  well.  so  far,  the  iot  in  healthcare  is  mainly  focused  on  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  and  on  tracking,  monitoring  and  maintenance  of  assets.  the  cornerstone  of  it  is  therefore  ,  the  concept  of  computerized  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring records  which  emerged  already  in  the  1980s,  but  became  commonplace  only  in  the  recent  years.  the  use  of  emr  promises  to  advance  coordination  of  medical  care,  facilitate  interaction  with  patients  and  families  and  reduce  disparities  in  healthcare  improving  its  efficiency.  this  has  become  the  central  idea  of  telehealth  a  pool  of  technologies  and  tactics  to  deliver  virtual  medical,  health,  and  education  services.  the  use  of  electronic  information  and  telecommunications  technologies  to  support  longdistance  clinical  health  care,  patient  and  professional  healthrelated  education,  public  health  and  health  administration,  as  defined  by  ,  telehealth  has  penetrated  various  fields  of  healthcare  services,  including  chronic
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring disease  monitoring  and  management,  home  health,  physical  and  occupational  therapy,  consumer  and  professional  education,  disaster  management  and  even  dentistry.  telehealth  encompasses  four  key  domains  of  applications:  :  live,  twoway  interaction  between  an  individual  patient,  caregiver,  or  provider  and  a  provider  using  audiovisual  telecommunications  technology.  live  video  can  be  used  for  both  consultative  and  diagnostic  and  treatment  services.  :  transmission  of  recorded  health  history  such  as  prerecorded  videos  and  digital  images  through  a  secure  electronic  communications  system  to  a  practitioner  to  evaluate  the  case  or  render  a  service  without  live  interaction.  :  personal  health  and  medical  data  are  collected  from  an
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring individual  in  one  location  and  afterwards  are  transmitted  to  a  provider  in  a  different  location  for  use  in  care  and  related  support.  in  this  way  the  provider  can  track  healthcare  data  for  a  patient  once  released  to  home  or  a  care  facility,  reducing  readmission  rates.  this  approach  can  maintain  individuals  health  in  their  home  and  community,  without  making  them  physically  go  to  the  providers  office.  :  healthcare  and  public  health  practice  and  education  supported  by  mobile  communication  devices  such  as  smartphones,  tablets,  or  pdas.  applications  can  range  from  targeted  text  messages  to  widescale  alerts  about  disease  outbreaks,  or  whatever  other
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring option  you  choose  for  yourself.  the  integration  of  ehr  systems  with  the  iot  can  create  broad  personalized  healthcare  solutions  which  could  enable  the  following:  wearable  devices  and  home  health  monitoring  devices  assisting  patients  is  a  common  thing  now.  such  healthcare  devices  as  insulin  pumps,  defibrillators,  scales,  cpap  machines,  cardiac  monitoring  devices  and  oxygen  tanks  are  now  connected  in  the  iot  to  ensure  remote  monitoring,  providing  patients  and  their  caregivers  valuable  realtime  information.  wearable  devices,  for  example,  can  immediately  send  out  alerts  for  emergency  medical  help.  fitness  bands,  even  though  marketed  as  wellness  solutions  rather  than  medical  devices,  can  take  vital
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  from  the  body  throughout  the  day  and  transmit  wirelessly  to  computers,  smartphones  or  tablets.  moreover,  some  medical  device  manufacturers  already  offer  a  cloud  based  platform  that  enables  wireless  transfer,  storage,  and  display  of  clinical  data.  this  platform  provides  for  interoperability  with  a  variety  of  medical  devices  and  apps  and  generates  enormous  amount  of  clinical  data  which  would  help  the  healthcare  industry  in  many  research.  internet  of  things  iotbased  medical  devices  can  get  patients  out  of  the  hospital  more  quickly,  or  keep  them  out  altogether,  and  save  organizations  money.  on  the  other  hand,  interconnectivity  can  provide  for  easy  data  collection,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring asset  management,  ota  updates  and  device  remote  control  and  monitoring.  continuing  the  line  of  other  smart  facilities,  smart  hospitals  constitute  hospitals  of  a  new  type  that  can  optimize,  redesign  or  build  new  clinical  processes  and  management  systems  thanks  to  digitized  networking  infrastructure  of  interconnected  assets.  smart  hospitals  rely  on  optimized  and  automated  processes,  built  on  the  internet  of  things  and  on  the  big  data  revolution  which  combines  connected  devices  with  cloud  computing,  big  data  analytics  and  artificial  intelligence  ai.  the  smart  hospital  involves  three  essential  layers  data,  insight  and  access.  data  is  being  collected  on  the  daily  basis,  to  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring fed  to  analytics  or  machine  learning  software  to  derive  a  smart  insight.  it  is  this  new  ability  to  provide  a  valuable  insight  that  makes  a  hospital  a  step  further  from  being  just  digital,  making  it  truly  smart.  this  insight  must  be  accessible  to  any  potential  user  a  doctor,  a  nurse,  facilities  personnel  or  any  other  stakeholder,  through  an  interface  including  a  desktop  or  a  mobile  device,  so  that  they  could  make  critical  decisions  faster.  there  are  three  areas  that  any  smart  hospital  addresses  operations,  clinical  tasks  and  patient  centricity.  can  be  achieved  by  building  automation  systems  and  implementing  smart  asset
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring maintenance  and  management  solutions,  improving  internal  logistics  of  mobile  assets  and  control  over  people  flow.  is  concerned  with  ways  to  improve  doctors  and  nurses  work  efficiency,  especially  the  emergency,  surgery  and  radiology  areas.  clinical  efficiency  also  involves  improving  patient  outcomes  by  ensuring  patient  engagement  and  monitoring.  patient  centricity  of  smart  hospitals  means  improving  the  patient  experience,  such  as  building  a  smart  patient  room,  which  allows  voicebased  interactive  devices  such  as  amazon  echo  with  alexa  or  tablets,  to  call  nurses  or  dim  the  lights.  smallerscale  but  fascinating  applications  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include  development  of  devices  that  make  patients  lives
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring more  comfortable:  are  newage  hearing  aids  that  are  compatible  with  bluetooth  which  syncs  the  patients  smartphone  with  them.  this  approach  allows  filtering,  equalizing  and  adding  layered  features  to  realworld  sounds.  these  pillsized  sensors  monitor  the  medication  in  the  patients  body  and  warns  if  it  detects  any  irregularities.  the  immediate  application  is  for  diabetic  patients  as  it  might  curb  symptoms  and  provide  with  an  early  warning  for  diseases.  are  mood  enhancing  devices  which  are  capable  of  improving  our  mood.  moodables  are  headmounted  wearable  devices  that  send  lowintensity  current  to  the  brain  to  elevate  our  mood.  in  general  has  given  rise  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring drones  which  aim  to  mimic  visual  perception  and  decision  making  based  on  it.  drones  can  also  help  visually  impaired  people  to  navigate.  however,  these  developments  are  rather  scattered  and  far  from  perfection.  the  main  obstacles,  like  elsewhere  in  the  iot,  are  the  cost,  challenging  integration  of  multiple  devices,  and,  above  all,  data  security  and  privacy.  nevertheless,  integrating  iot  features  into  medical  devices  shall  transform  the  healthcare  service,  bringing  especially  high  value  for  the  elderly,  patients  with  chronic  conditions,  and  those  requiring  constant  supervision.  according  to  ,  spending  on  the  iot  solutions  in  healthcare  will  reach  1  trillion  by  2025  and,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring note  youre  currently  viewing  the  iot  central  documentation  for  that  use  preview  features.  to  view  the  documentation  for  that  use  generally  available  features,  go  to  .  this  tutorial  shows  you,  as  a  solution  builder,  how  to  get  started  by  deploying  an  iot  central  continuous  patient  monitoring  application  template.  you  will  learn  how  to  deploy  the  template,  whats  included  out  of  the  box,  and  what  you  might  want  to  do  next.  in  this  tutorial,  you  learn  how  to:  navigate  to  the  .  select  from  the  lefthand  navigation  bar  and  then  click  the  tab.  click  the  button  to  begin  creating  your  application
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  then  sign  in  with  a  microsoft  personal,  work,  or  school  account.  this  takes  you  to  the  page.  to  create  your  application:  azure  iot  central  automatically  suggests  an  application  name  based  on  the  template  youve  selected.  you  can  accept  this  name  or  enter  your  own  friendly  application  name,  such  as  .  azure  iot  central  also  generates  a  unique  url  prefix  for  you  based  on  the  application  name.  youre  free  to  change  this  url  prefix  to  something  more  memorable  if  youd  like.  you  can  select  whether  you  would  like  to  create  a  application  or  a  application.  applications  are  free  for  seven
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring days  before  they  expire  and  allow  up  to  five  free  devices.  they  can  be  converted  to  payasyougo  at  any  time  before  they  expire.  if  you  create  a  trial  application,  you  need  to  enter  your  contact  information  and  choose  whether  to  receive  information  and  tips  from  microsoft.  applications  support  up  to  two  free  devices  and  require  you  to  put  in  your  azure  subscription  information.  select  at  the  bottom  of  the  page  to  deploy  your  application.  after  deploying  the  app  template,  you  will  first  land  on  the  .  lamna  healthcare  is  a  fictitious  hospital  system  that  contains  two  hospitals:  woodgrove  hospital  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring burkville  hospital.  on  this  operator  dashboard  for  woodgrove  hospital,  you  will  see  information  and  telemetry  about  the  devices  in  this  template  along  with  a  set  of  commands,  jobs,  and  actions  that  you  can  take.  from  the  dashboard  you  can:  see  device  telemetry  and  properties  such  as  the  of  your  device  or  its  status.  view  the  and  location  of  the  smart  vitals  patch  device.  the  smart  vitals  patch  for  a  new  patient.  see  an  example  of  a  that  a  hospital  care  team  might  see  to  track  their  patients.  change  the  of  your  device  to  indicate  if  the  device  is  being  used
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  an  inpatient  or  remote  scenario.  you  can  also  click  on  to  see  the  second  operator  dashboard  used  for  burkville  hospital.  this  dashboard  contains  a  similar  set  of  actions,  telemetry,  and  information.  in  addition,  you  can  see  multiple  devices  being  used  and  have  the  ability  to  on  each.  on  both  dashboards  you  can  always  link  back  to  this  documentation.  if  you  click  on  the  tab,  you  will  see  that  there  are  two  different  device  types  that  are  part  of  the  template:  :  this  device  represents  a  patch  that  measures  a  variety  of  vitals  signs  that  could  be  used  for  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patients  in  and  outside  of  the  hospital.  if  you  click  on  the  template,  youll  see  that  in  addition  to  sending  device  data  such  as  battery  level  and  device  temperature,  the  patch  is  also  sending  patient  health  data  such  as  respiratory  rate  and  blood  pressure.  :  this  device  represents  a  knee  brace  that  patients  might  use  when  recovering  from  a  knee  replacement  surgery.  if  you  click  on  this  template,  youll  see  capabilities  such  as  range  of  motion  and  acceleration,  in  addition  to  device  data.  if  you  click  on  the  tab  you  will  also  see  that  these  device  templates  automatically  have  device
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring groups  created  for  them.  when  jumping  to  the  rules  tab,  you  will  see  three  rules  that  exist  in  the  application  template:  :  this  rule  is  triggered  when  the  device  temperature  of  the  smart  knee  brace  is  greater  than  95f  over  a  5minute  window.  you  could  use  this  rule  to  alert  the  patient  and  care  team,  and  cool  the  device  down  remotely.  :  this  rule  is  triggered  if  a  patient  fall  is  detected.  you  could  use  this  rule  to  configure  an  action  to  deploy  an  operational  team  to  assist  the  patient  who  has  fallen.  :  this  rule  is  triggered  when  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring battery  level  on  the  device  goes  below  10.  you  could  use  this  rule  to  trigger  a  notification  to  the  patient  to  charge  their  device.  click  on  the  tab  and  then  select  an  instance  of  the  .  you  will  see  that  there  are  three  views  to  be  able  to  explore  information  about  the  particular  device  that  you  have  selected.  these  views  are  created  and  published  when  building  the  device  template  for  your  device.  this  means  they  will  be  consistent  across  all  devices  that  you  connect  or  simulate.  the  view  gives  an  overview  of  telemetry  and  properties  that  are  coming  from  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring device  that  are  operatororiented.  the  tab  will  allow  you  to  edit  cloud  properties  and  read/write  device  properties.  the  tab  will  allow  you  to  run  commands  that  have  been  modeled  as  part  of  your  device  template.  if  youre  not  going  to  continue  to  use  this  application,  delete  the  application  by  visiting  and  click  .  advance  to  the  next  article  to  learn  how  to  create  a  provider  dashboard  that  connects  to  your  iot  central  application.  thank  you.  send  feedback  about  loading  feedback...  thank  you.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring traditional  remote  patient  monitoring  rpm  is  evolving  at  a  rapid  rate  due  to  a  number  of  external  factors.  we  are  seeing  new  market  pressure  coming  from  giants  such  as  apple,  google  and  amazon  looking  to  manoeuvre  into  the  healthcare  industry.  recently,  amazon  announced  its  haven  project,  a  joint  healthcare  venture  with  jpmorgan  chase  and  berkshire  hathaway  to  improve  access  to  primary  care,  simplify  insurance  and  make  prescription  drugs  more  affordable.  with  huge  rd  budgets  and  a  wealth  of  technology  at  their  fingertips,  their  disruption  potential  is  very  high.  changing  population  demographics  are  themselves  sparking  healthcare  reforms.  as  the  demographic  shifts
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  results  in  ageing  populations  in  both  emerging  and  developing  nations,  the  prevalence  of  chronic  diseases  will  continue  to  rise  and  health  systems  are  under  pressure  to  change;  prompting  new  ways  to  deliver  healthcare.  rpm  is  now  being  explored  more  seriously  as  a  method  of  managing  rising  health  costs  due  to  chronic  conditions.  with  a  finite  number  of  clinicians  and  caregivers,  its  clear  that  smart  technology  will  be  used  to  ease  the  pressure  on  human  resources.  wearables  are  an  obvious  method  to  monitor  remote  patients  and  deliver  data  to  the  relevant  healthcare  expert.  at  idtechex  our  analysts  have  tracked  three
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring waves  of  sensor  and  wearables  development  in  rpm.  the  first  wave  saw  early  sensors  developed  and  used  in  healthcare  including  hearing  aids  and  holter  monitors.  the  second  wave  brought  sensors  that  were  developed  primarily  in  other  industries  but  then  made  the  jump  into  healthcare  and  wearable  devices  over  time,  such  as  the  use  of  smartphones  and  smartwatches  in  health  and  fitness  tracking.  the  emerging  third  wave  is  far  more  targeted,  with  sensors  made  for  wearables  and  developed  with  key  properties  in  mind  like  flexibility,  comfort  and  low  power  usage.  these  are  less  commercially  mature,  but  examples  such  as  mobile  cardiac
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring telemetry  and  continuous  glucose  monitoring  will  see  the  strongest  growth  and  relevance  in  the  long  term.  rpm  leverages  a  range  of  technologies  and  services  to  allow  for  the  monitoring  of  patients  both  inside  and  outside  of  conventional  clinical  settings.  rpm  can  measure  anything  from  medication  tracking,  temperature,  movement  and  heart  rate  to  blood  pressure,  glucose  levels  and  oxygen  levels.  applications  of  rpm  are  widespread,  from  monitoring  and  improving  patient  adherence,  clinical  trial  monitoring  and  pre/postop  monitoring  to  more  diverse  applications  such  as  monitoring  diabetes,  dementia,  infertility  and  heart  failure.  one  of  the  primary  benefits  of  rpm  technology  is  that  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring organisations  are  able  to  provide  care  to  patients  beyond  regularly  scheduled  visits  and  typical  opening  hours.  this  reflects  the  industrywide  move  toward  decentralising  care,  easing  the  pressure  on  overstretched  hospitals,  clinics  and  pharmacies.  sensorbased  wearable  devices  fit  this  style  of  care,  they  provide  realtime  patient  medical  data  which,  when  processed  effectively,  allows  resources  to  be  efficiently  allocated  to  provide  individual  care  and  improve  patient  outcomes.  rpm  promises  to  change  the  way  healthcare  is  delivered  with  patients  themselves  directly  benefiting.  sensors  and  wearables  linked  to  smart  devices  improve  communication  between  providers  and  patients.  effective  monitoring  leads  to  improved  patient  quality  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring life  as  they  require  fewer  visits  to  healthcare  services.  realtime  tracking  of  patient  health  means  any  early  health  warnings  can  be  detected  early  and  the  patient  can  quickly  receive  preventative  care.  one  of  the  most  prominent  markets  for  rpm  technology  is  in  the  care  of  chronic  diseases,  most  prevalent  in  the  elderly  population.  ,  between  2015  and  2050,  the  proportion  of  the  worlds  population  over  60  will  nearly  double  from  12  to  22.  this  is  partly  why  there  is  a  disproportionate  amount  of  emphasis  on  this  population  demographic  when  it  comes  to  healthcare  spending;  longterm  care  is  often  required  alongside
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring strict  medicine  routines.  there  are  immediate  wins  with  inhome  monitoring;  chronic  disease,  pre/postoperative  and  postdischarge.  in  the  wellness  market,  rpm  of  babies  and  the  elderly  will  continue  to  grow.  however,  looking  forward,  wearable  sensor  technologies  need  to  become  less  invasive  and  more  invisible,  a  trend  which  is  already  tracking  positively  with  technologies  such  as  electronic  skin  patches.  more  and  more  market  players  are  starting  to  take  note,  which  should  drive  this  growth.  clinical  trials,  realworld  evidence  and  medical  adherence  will  be  major  areas  of  focus  for  the  pharma  sector  as  organisations  are  realising  rpm  has  a  significant  role  to  play.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring idtechex  research  shows  there  is  a  significant  reason  to  believe  that  development  in  healthcare  sensors  and  wearables  will  keep  pace  with  these  demographic  changes.  our  latest  research  shows  that  digital  disruption  of  the  healthcare  sector  will  drive  the  medical  wearables  market  to  19.7  billion  by  2024.  the  report,  ,  provides  examples  of  rpm  technologies  including  electronic  skin  patches,  smart  mattresses,  smart  shirts,  smartwatches,  connected  inhalers  and  digital  pills.  this  report  cuts  across  the  expert  analysis  of  wearable  technology,  wearable  sensors,  electronic  textiles,  electronic  skin  patches  and  digital  health,  to  bring  to  healthcare  providers  the  most  relevant  insights  on  the  exciting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring innovations  in  rpm.  editors  note:  find  out  more  about  best  practice  on  the  use  of  wearables  and  sensors  in  continuous  monitoring  of  individuals  and  pointofcare  diagnostics  at  the  inaugural  conference.  attend  the  events  with  upcoming  shows  in  silicon  valley,  london,  and  amsterdam.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  senior  technology  analyst,  idtechex  dr  nadia  tsao  is  a  senior  technology  analyst  at  idtechex  where  for  the  past  2  years  she  has  been  building  the  companys  research  in  the  life  sciences.  prior  to  idtechex,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nadia  was  an  associate  consultant  at  cambridge  healthcare  research,  where  she  conducted  market  landscape  analysis  for  pharmaceutical,  medical  device,  and  biotechnology  companies.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.  please  follow  this  link  for  our  .  copyright  2019  iot  tech  news.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mark  casey  mark  kirstein  mark  malizia  mark  barrenechea  kelly  potter  john  humphreys  steve  prentice  jon  roskill  sarah  patrick  data  centers  need  to  wake  up  and  compete  with  the  hyperscalers  win  customer  hearts  minds  and  become  a  trusted  a  major  security  weakness  in  googles  android  software  has  let  cyberthieves  craft  apps  that  can  steal  banking  logins,  a  security  the  application  of  iot  in  healthcare  services  is  bringing  the  paradigm  shift  in  terms  of  how  this  industry  operates,  the  accuracy  of  diagnosis  and  quality  of  treatment.  it  is  changing  the  model  from  hospitalcentric  to  homecentric,  making  medical  attention  more  affordable  to  even
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  weaker  section  of  the  society.  as  per  the  reports  from  markets  markets,  the  iot  healthcare  market  will  be  158  billion  usd  by  2022  growing  at  30.8  cagr.  the  drivers  for  this  growth  are  advancements  in  artificial  intelligence,  increasing  the  reach  of  connected  devices  in  healthcare  and  the  rise  in  investments  for  the  implementation  of  iot  healthcare  solutions.  the  iot  healthcare  market,  based  on  component,  can  be  divided  into  three  segments  systems  software,  medical  devices,  services  technology.  out  of  all  these,  systems  and  software  are  expected  to  grow  at  the  maximum  rate.  these  components  collaborate  to  create  multiple  applications  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  in  healthcare.  one  such  stream  is  remote  patient  monitoring  which  is  expected  to  reach  25.31  billion  usd  source  markets  markets  market  size  by  2023.  it  is  revolutionizing  the  healthcare  industry  by  providing  improved  accessibility,  accuracy,  quality  of  treatment  and  support  to  patients.  remote  patient  monitoring  is  gathering  vital  outside  of  the  medical  setting  using  digital  technologies  and  transmitting  it  to  healthcare  facilities  for  assessment.  it  provides  the  convenience  of  being  treated  by  expert  professionals  continuously  while  being  at  home,  with  better  accuracy.  some  examples  of  are  weight,  blood  pressure,  blood  sugar  levels,  heart  rate,  electrocardiogram,  and  blood  oxygen  levels.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  use  varies  from  monitoring  sids  sudden  infant  death  syndrome  in  infants  to  memory  loss  in  elderly  people.  it  can  be  greatly  useful  for:  1.  rpm  service  provider  company  that  offers  quality  and  convenient  healthcare  services,  manages  the  rpm  platform  and  devices  sensors,  wearables,  and  gateway  2.  hardware  provider  responsible  for  maintaining  device  inventory  delivery  of  medical  device  tab  at  patients  home  3.  network  provider  the  operator  who  provides  connectivity  support  to  this  infrastructure  4.  rpm  solution  provider  responsible  for  a.  developing  a  mobile  application  for  patients  b.  developing  web  application  for  coordinators  and  providers  c.  integrating  these  applications  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  gateway  i.  care  coordinator  monitor  the  patient  associated  device  measurements  notifications  and  alert  respective  stakeholder  during  missed  measurements.  dont  necessarily  have  a  background  in  the  medical  field.  ii.  care  provider  the  doctors  and  nurses  who  raise  a  request  to  commission  devices  to  patients.  responsible  for  monitoring  the  device  measurements  and  take  required  measures.  iii.  patient  a  person  who  needs  rpm.  holds  a  tab  medical  device,  through  which  the  person  is  monitored  notified  based  on  the  actual  recording.  to  have  a  better  understanding  of  this,  lets  imagine  a  patient  who  is  recently  discharged  from  the  hospital  and  needs  monitoring  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  few  months.  for  this,  patient  subscribes  to  the  rpm  services  of  a  healthcare  institute  for  medical  care  at  home.  following  are  the  sequence  of  events  that  happens  during  patients  discharge  from  hospital:  health  records  are  sensitive  information  and  therefore  are  protected  by  government  regulations.  one  such  regulatory  act  which  must  be  complied  by  in  rpm  is  the  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  hipaa.  it  defines  the  physical,  network  and  process  security  measures  pertaining  to  protected  health  information  phi.  also,  all  the  devices  used  should  be  fda  class  i  approved.  1.  improved  access  to  medical  care  facilitating  a  digital
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connection  between  doctors/nurses  and  patients,  rpm  alleviates  the  issue  of  distances.  it  also  paves  way  for  more  focused  care  by  health  practitioners.  2.  reduced  healthcare  cost  since  the  patients  dont  have  to  physically  travel  to  hospital  or  clinic,  rpm  saves  money  on  traveling  for  diagnosis,  laboratory  tests,  prescription  etc.  3.  enhanced  quality  the  data  captured  by  the  rpm  devices  are  highly  accurate.  the  accuracy  of  data,  along  with  its  quick  transmission  and  precise  analysis,  improves  the  overall  quality  of  healthcare  services.  4.  early  detection  of  diseases  certain  applications  of  rpm,  like  realtime  trend  analysis,  helps  in  detecting  any  deterioration  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring deviation  from  normal  trend  in  patients  readings  at  the  earliest  possible.  this  significantly  impacts  preemptive/preventive  precautionary  treatment.  5.  flexible  and  custom  medical  programs  rpm  pricing  plans  and  medical  plans  can  take  multiple  forms.  based  on  the  patient  needs,  goals,  finances  and  demography  these  can  be  customized.  by  avaiarasi  s  avaiarasi  heads  the  nextgen  labs  ai/ml,  big  data,  iot,  microservices  in  prodapt,  a  global  leader  in  providing  software,  engineering,  and  operational  services  to  the  communications  industry.  she  has  19  years  of  experience  spread  across  various  domains/technologies  like  iot/m2m,  telecom,  healthcare,  ai/ml  and  big  data.  she  has  significant  expertise  in  setting  up
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring coe/incubator  labs  and  concepttocommercialization  of  endtoend  solutions  in  the  nextgen  areas.  avaiarasi  plays  a  key  role  in  dx  digital  transformation  initiatives  as  well.  system  vulnerabilities  are  an  issue  for  everyone  over  the  past  decade,  we  have  seen  a  drastic  increase  in  the  number  cios  spending  more  on  saas  the  cloud  has  radically  shifted  the  definition  of  software  since  the  early  days  of  computing,  with  the  world  of  intelligence  finally  upon  us,  it  is  now  expected  that  all  aspects  of  business  will  be  revolutionized.  how  to  recognize  cryptojacking  after  2018  saw  an  alarming  13  million  cryptojacking  incidents  4  times  as  many
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  in  2017,  predictions  in  2020  the  year  2020  promises  to  usher  in  significant  new  developments  in  collaboration  and  communication.  its  part  of  established  in  2009,  cloudtweaks  is  an  industryleading  authority  who  has  been  at  the  forefront  of  cloud  computing  providing  extensive  coverage  and  thought  leadership  marketing  opportunities  for  over  a  decade.  we  attract  and  help  ceos,  ctos,  cios,  senior  it  managers  and  business  owners  who  need  to  make  informed  decisions  on  the  use  and  benefits  of  cloud  technology  in  their  business.  cloudtweaks  20092020
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  rise  of  iot  is  resulting  in  some  exciting  advancements  in  the  21st  century.  although  its  often  associated  with  manufacturing,  warehousing  and  smart  factories  of  the  future,  the  iot  isnt  constrained  to  these  niches.  in  the  healthcare  and  medical  sectors,  too,  including:  few  things  are  as  dull  and  boring  as  a  visit  to  the  emergency  room.  apart  from  the  resulting  medical  expenses,  emergency  room  visits  can  sometimes  take  hours  to  complete.  thanks  to  some  recent  ingenuity  and  the  iot,  at  least  one  hospital  mt.  sinai  medical  center  in  new  york  city  effectively  slashed  wait  times  for  50  of  their  emergency
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring room  patients  who  are  in  need  of  inpatient  care.  its  their  partnership  with  ge  healthcare  and  new,  iotdriven  software,  ,  that  tracks  occupancy  among  1,200  units  and  factors  in  15  different  metrics  to  assess  the  needs  of  individual  patients.  its  a  highly  effective  system  that  highlights  some  of  the  more  innovative  and  exciting  uses  of  the  iot.  in  some  cases,  patients  dont  even  have  to  visit  an  emergency  room  or  hospital.  one  of  the  most  obvious  and  popular  applications  of  healthcare  and  the  sometimes  known  as  telehealth.  not  only  does  it  minimize  costs  and  eliminate  the  need  for  some  visitations,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring but  it  helps  by  sparing  them  the  inconvenience  of  travel.  if  a  patient  has  limited  mobility  or  depends  on  public  transportation,  something  as  simple  as  this  can  make  a  world  of  difference.  modern  hospitals  require  nextgen  software  and  hardware  to  function  some  are  even  used  to  save  or  sustain  human  life.  like  all  electronic  devices,  this  equipment  is  prone  to  numerous  risks  from  power  outages  to  system  failures  that  could  be  a  matter  of  life  or  death.  a  ,  called  ealert,  aims  to  solve  that  problem.  instead  of  waiting  for  a  device  to  fail,  philips  new  system  takes  a  proactive
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring approach  by  virtually  monitoring  medical  hardware  and  alerting  hospital  staff  members  if  theres  a  problem.  philips  recently  unveiled  the  product  through  a  collaborative  effort  with  openmarket.  safety  is  the  utmost  concern  of  any  hospital  or  medical  facility  or  at  least  it  should  be.  its  hard  to  maintain  the  maximum  amount  of  security  without  the  ability  to  track  assets  staff  members,  patients  and  hardware  throughout  the  building.  its  a  task  thats  easily  achieved  in  smaller  institutions,  but  what  about  larger  facilities  that  feature  multiple  structures  and  campuses  as  well  as  thousands  of  patients  and  staff  members?  many  are  turning  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  facilitate  asset  tracking.  not  only  is  it  an  inexpensive  method  of  monitoring  daytoday  activities  in  a  hospital  setting,  but  its  unobtrusive,  effective  and  cuttingedge.  one  of  the  most  exciting  breakthroughs  regarding  healthcare  and  iot  comes  in  .  it  seems  like  a  work  of  science  fiction  but  pills  containing  microscopic  sensors  that  are  the  size  of  a  grain  of  rice  can  send  a  signal  to  an  external  device  usually  a  patch  worn  on  the  body,  to  ensure  proper  dosage  and  usage.  such  information  could  be  invaluable  when  it  comes  to  ensuring  patients  remember  to  take  their  prescriptions  and  even  when
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring prescribing  future  medications.  patients  also  have  access  to  the  information,  through  a  handy  smartphone  app,  to  track  their  personal  performance  and  improve  their  habits.  recurring  health  problems  are  never  exciting,  but  big  breakthroughs  are  being  made  in  the  treatment  of  such  issues  and  much  of  it  is  a  direct  result  of  the  iot.  there  isnt  one  innovation  or  device  thats  helping  in  the  21st  century  its  the  combination  of  wearable  tech,  nextgen  analytics  and  mobile  connectivity.  utilities  like  fitbit  use  the  iot  to  monitor  personal  health  such  information  can  be  shared  with  a  doctor  to  help  solve  recurring  issues.  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring company  called  health  net  connect  recently  established  a  population  diabetic  management  program  with  a  goal  of  improving  clinical  treatment  and  reducing  medical  costs  for  patients  and  theyve  already  produced  some  exciting  results.  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  reach  every  human  being  on  the  planet  at  one  time  or  another  in  their  lifetimes.  its  gone  from  the  modern  factory  floor  to  techdriven  hospitals  and  medical  facilities  in  a  very  short  amount  of  time,  and  its  a  development  that  is  already  transforming  the  industry  of  healthcare  it.  theres  no  doubt  that  it  will  continue  to  do  so  as  the  technology  continues
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  growing  developments  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  have  many  exciting  implications  for  the  future  of  healthcare.  connected  technology  is  entering  our  homes  and  workplaces,  so  it  follows  that  healthcare  may  benefit  from  its  dataprocessing  abilities.  benefits  include  more  timely  decisionmaking  and  hopefully  the  overall  goal  better  patient  outcomes.  read  below  for  the  top  5  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare:  get  our  quick  guide  to  challenges  for  iot  in  healthcare  here  before  the  introduction  of  connectivity  and  iot  in  healthcare,  its  fair  to  say  that  a  lot  less  monitoring  of  patients  was  going  on  outside  of  a  hospital  setting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  just  wasnt  possible.  so  if  you  were  admitted  to  the  hospital,  youd  be  very  closely  monitored  while  there,  but  once  discharged,  no  one  would  know  what  was  happening  with  you  outside  of  checkups.  the  problem  with  this  is  that  a  lot  of  issues  can  develop  once  a  patient  has  been  discharged,  and  often  these  are  things  that  could  be  prevented  or  minimized  if  doctors  had  early  access  to  outpatient  data.  iot  has  a  vital  role  to  play  in  remote  healthcare  and  monitoring.  data  can  be  captured  via  sensors  in  medical  devices  and  shared  in  real  time  with  physicians.  serious
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring conditions  can  be  prevented  from  developing,  while  a  chronic  disease  can  be  monitored  for  progress.  for  example,  key  indicators  such  as  blood  pressure,  glucose  levels  and  weight  can  be  monitored  remotely.  there  are  a  number  of  new  sensors  that  have  been  built  to  monitor  other  potential  early  indicators  of  problems.  for  example,  fall  alerts  for  senior  citizens  or  to  pick  up  signs  of  emotional  distress  in  patients.  these  indicators  are  important  for  physicians  to  understand  early  on  if  there  may  be  any  escalation  in  symptoms  of  a  chronic  disease.  there  are  three  ways  in  which  iot  in  healthcare  can  help
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  better  drug  management:  bctt  tweetiot  can  be  used  for  better  drug  management  in  the  healthcare  industry  usernamegalendata  iot  allows  physicians  to  gather  a  lot  of  data  on  their  patients  that  can  be  used  to  inform  the  therapies  they  prescribe.  lets  say  a  patient  has  been  on  a  certain  regimen  for  a  while,  but  their  progress  or  results  lie  outside  of  desired  boundaries.  iot  can  determine  that  results  are  not  where  they  should  be,  and  potentially  make  recommendations  to  physicians  based  upon  an  algorithm.  physicians  can  then  use  this  data  and  take  into  account  any  recommendations  via  the  technology  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring make  an  adjustment  to  the  therapies  they  prescribe.  as  an  example,  a  machine  providing  therapy  for  sleep  apnoea  can  monitor  for  apnoea  or  hyperapnoea  while  the  machine  is  in  use.  it  can  adjust  the  pressure  delivered  as  a  result  of  the  symptoms  it  monitors.  critical  medical  devices,  especially  those  used  to  sustain  health  or  human  life  need  to  reliably  run  at  all  times.  however,  like  anything  else  with  a  mechanical  component,  these  devices  can  break  down  or  experience  issues  such  as  system  failures.  if  a  device  is  not  ready  for  use  when  its  needed,  theres  often  a  risk  of  resulting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring harm  to  the  patient.  iot  sensors  on  medical  devices  can  help  those  machines  to  measure  and  assess  their  own  device  health.  this  information  can  then  be  relayed  to  the  hospital,  medical  device  company  or  whoever  really  needs  to  know  it.  these  people  are  then  able  to  take  a  proactive  approach  to  maintain  the  device.  its  much  better  to  be  able  to  catch  any  issues  before  they  present  a  risk  to  the  patient  an  example  is  .  this  iot  innovation  virtually  monitors  medical  hardware  and  sends  an  alert  to  hospital  staff  if  any  problem  is  detected.  there  are  a  lot  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring moving  parts  to  a  clinical  infrastructure  people,  operating  rooms,  inventory  and  other  resources.  in  many  hospitals,  for  example,  the  or  is  managed  the  oldfashioned  way,  with  whiteboards  manually  updated  to  track  schedules  and  who  is  going  where.  iot  brings  the  opportunity  for  a  more  efficient  way  of  managing  clinical  operations.  sensors  can  track  who  is  where  and  what  is  happening,  updating  an  online  schedule  for  all  to  see.  this  means  that  data  is  tracked  in  real  time,  rather  than  people  having  to  remember  to  manually  update  a  whiteboard.  this  efficient  management  can  help  to  reduce  wait  times  and  reduce  costs
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  the  hospital.  they  are  able  to  more  effectively  use  their  people,  inventory  and  infrastructure  as  needed,  rather  than  always  being  a  step  behind  what  is  really  happening.  a  reallife  example  can  be  found  at  mt.  sinai  medical  center  in  new  york  city.  the  hospital  implemented  autobed,  an  iotpowered  software  that  helps  them  to  track  occupancy  and  patient  need  metrics.  they  were  able  to  for  50  percent  of  their  emergency  room  patients  who  were  in  need  of  inpatient  care.  another  application  that  is  being  trialed  in  some  hospitals  is  the  tracking  of  staff  and  patients  through  iot  technology.  safety  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring security  are  always  of  major  concern,  especially  in  large  premises  where  its  difficult  to  track  people.  download  our  quick  guide  to  challenges  for  iot  in  healthcare  here  iot  has  the  potential  to  make  a  great  impact  on  healthcare.  these  top  5  iot  use  cases  highlighted  are  just  the  beginning,  so  it  will  be  exciting  to  see  how  the  use  of  the  technology  develops.  from  better  patient  care  to  proactive  management  of  devices,  to  more  efficient  systems  in  hospitals  and  other  clinical  settings,  there  are  many  applications  for  iot  in  healthcare.  for  medical  device  developers  the  bottom  line  is,  will  iot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring help  you  to  create  a  better  device?  will  the  use  of  this  technology  give  you  a  competitive  edge?  the  stage  is  set  for  iot  connectivity  to  become  the  norm.  thank  you  for  sharing  about  iot.  very  useful  concepts.  the  internet  of  things  connects  physical  devices  with  sensors  and  software  to  enable  new  services  based  on  data.  iot  is  the  evergrowing  network  of  physical  objects  that  feature  internet  connectivity.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring previous  next  share  on:  share  the  post  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  practitioners  with  remote  patient  monitoring  now  that  we  are  moving  towards  a  more  connected  world,  the  amount  of  data  the  healthcare  sector  collects  is  overwhelming.  however,  more  often  than  not,  all  of  this  data  remains  unused,  thus  making  it  a  cost  to  the  organization.  on  top  of  that,  the  medicare  payment  advisory  commission  medpac  analyzed  medicare  claims  data  and  concluded  that  threequarters  of  readmissions  within  30  days  were  potentially  preventable,  using  remote  patient  monitoring.  even  if  organizations  start  collecting  data  through  or  through  other  iot  solutions  for  healthcare,  integration
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  data  with  their  electronic  health  record  ehr  still  remains  a  major  challenge.  softweb  solutions  developed  the  crossplatform  app  that  communicates  with  the  pebble  watch  and  enables  the  patient  or  caregiver  to  manage  their  emergency  contacts,  medicine  alerts.  download  the  case  study  and  learn  more  about  it.  with  the  use  of  iot,  patient  data  can  be  collected  remotely  and  can  be  analyzed  to  improve  patient  care  by  making  it  more  proactive  rather  than  relying  on  reactive  hospitalizations.  remote  patient  monitoring  collects  patients  health  data  and  vital  information  that  is  updated  in  realtime  to  provide  accurate  details  concerning  patient  health.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring such  solution  can  generate  alerts  and  notifications  that  allow  healthcare  providers  to  know  whether  the  patients  are  in  stable  or  critical  conditions  even  when  they  are  away  from  the  hospital.  a  popular  company  that  manufactures  medical  devices  for  hospitals  and  healthcare  centers,  created  a  fetal  heart  rate  monitoring  system.  it  needed  an  application  to  access  the  data  that  this  device  redirects  to  a  cloudbased  service.  with  the  help  of  remote  monitoring  devices,  remote  patient  monitoring  encourages  patients  to  manage  their  health  and  medication  at  home  while  also  meeting  compliance  and  protocols  that  endorse  longterm  wellness.  furthermore,  telehealth  can  also  significantly
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring affect  longterm  and  postacute  care  ltpac,  which  reduces  the  need  for  readmission,  thus  reducing  the  associated  care  cost.  learn  more  about  how  remote  patient  monitoring  can  prevent  readmissions  and  improve  patient  care  iot  in  agriculture  a  way  towards  smart  farming  how  the  iot  delivers  business  value  to  the  manufacturing  industry  how  the  internet  of  things  impacts  the  logistics  business  how  the  iot  can  benefit  your  healthcare  organization  how  the  internet  of  things  is  helping  retailers  become  smarter  how  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  the  sports  world  how  iot  can  be  used  to  build  smart  cities  how  iot  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring used  to  make  cars  smarter  how  to  leverage  iot  for  smart  energy  management  transforming  the  construction  industry  with  the  internet  of  things  iotenabled  field  service  management  how  the  hospitality  industry  is  using  the  iot  to  serve  guests  in  a  smarter  way
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  healthcare  industry  is  rapidly  adopting  internet  of  things  technologies  in  everything  from  wearables  to  patient  monitoring  in  order  to  improve  accuracy,  promote  efficiency,  reduce  costs  and  enhance  health  and  safety.  the  many  iot  applications  in  healthcare  today  run  the  gamut  from  devices  that  monitor  patients  and  provide  alerts  to  devices  that  administer  medications  and  even  provide  the  technology  and  connectivity  to  perform  remote  operations,  or  telesurgery.  digi  solutions  support  development  of  a  broad  range  of  products  in  this  space.  in  this  post  we  will  take  a  tour  of  some  iot  customer  case  studies  that  help  to  demonstrate  the  breadth
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  possibilities  for  iot  applications  in  healthcare.  you  can  find  more  examples  of  applications  for  a  range  of  industries  in  the  section  of  the  digi  site.  iot  applications  in  healthcare  are  among  many  examples  illustrating  the  solutionbased  growth  of  the  internet  of  things.  in  this  series  on  the  range  of  iot  applications,  we  share  examples  that  illustrate  how  iot  products  and  services  are  being  deployed  around  the  globe,  by  industry.  if  you  missed  them,  here  are  some  previous  posts  in  this  series:  ,  a  robotic  software  and  hardware  development  company,  develops  innovative  solutions  in  response  to  the  market  demandfor  costeffectivealternatives
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tolaborintensive  and  nonsterile  cleaning  methodologies.  their  products  include  a  line  of  setandforget  robotic  cleaners  designed  to  combathospitalacquired  infections  hais.  the  floorbotics  sanibot  robot  shines  a  controlled  beam  of  ultraviolet  light  to  disinfect  the  floor  surface,  providing  a  highly  effective  floor  sanitation  solution  that  is  constantly  at  work.  the  robot  design  includes  the  ,  which  combines  4g  connectivity,  builtin  security,  and  a  bundled  cellular  data  plan  in  each  preprovisioned  development  kit.  this  enables  the  devices  to  communicate  over  the  cellular  network  right  out  of  the  box.  digi  xbee  cellular  modems  are  also  bundled  together  with  software  that  enables  floorbotics  customers  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring remotely  monitor  and  manage  sanibot  robots  and  also  provide  overtheair  ota  remote  firmware  upgrades.  when  you  deploy  a  fleet  of  these  devices,  you  need  a  way  to  centrally  manage  and  monitor  their  status  and  progress,  said  duncan  ashworth,  floorbotics  founder.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  hospitals  and  clinics  would  seem  to  be  the  most  hygienic  places,  but  with  the  revolving  door  of  patients  and  conditions,  preventing  the  spread  of  bacteria  and  infectious  diseases  is  an  ongoing  challenge.  recognizing  this  problem,  sought  to  help  healthcare  institutions  promote  health  and  safety  using  wireless  technology.  the  clean  hands  safe  hands
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring product  design  uses  wireless  communication,  via  bluetooth,  in  sanitizing  stations.  the  stations  are  sensoractivated  and  provide  staff  with  sanitation  reminders.the  sensors  uniquely  identify  each  employee  and  record  hand  hygiene  events  throughout  the  health  system.  as  staff  members  enter  or  exit  rooms,  they  have  a  specific  amount  of  time  to  sanitize  before  the  sensor  records  the  event.  the  sensors  are  connected  using  which  incorporate  zigbee  mesh  technology.  because  the  sanitizing  stations  are  connected  by  a  mesh  network,  they  maintain  collective  data.  this  helps  to  avoid  unnecessary  reminders  for  professionals  who  just  used  another  hand  sanitizer  in  a  nearby  location.  healthcare  today
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  not  just  about  treatment.  and  its  not  just  about  care  in  hospitals  and  clinics.  there  is  a  growing  belief  in  the  adage  that  prevention  is  the  best  medicine.  business  leaders  are  increasingly  promoting  healthy  habits  to  improve  worker  health  and  safety.  these  practices,  in  turn,  can  save  companies  enormous  amounts  annually  in  lost  productivity  and  worker  compensation  due  to  injuries.  the  company  developed  a  workplace  wearable  calledreflex  to  improve  worker  safety  through  biofeedback.  designed  for  businesses  whose  employees  perform  workplace  tasks  that  involve  bending,  twisting,  and  lifting,  reflex  is  an  ultracompact  device  about  the  size  of  a  small  mobile
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring phone.  as  the  worker  bends,  the  device  provides  feedback  in  the  form  of  a  light  vibration  if  the  employee  performs  any  improper  lifting  or  twisting  that  could  lead  to  injury.  at  the  end  of  the  shift,  the  employee  and  supervisor  can  review  the  progress  on  a  dashboard  that  collects  data  throughout  the  day.  supply  chain  companies  and  manufacturing  facilities  that  adopt  the  technology  see  a  dramatic  reduction  in  unsafe  movements  in  one  case,  down  from  320  poor  movements  per  day  to  just  12.  the  reflex  incorporates  sensors  and  the  powerful,  stampsized  single  board  computer  sbc,  which  includesprecertified  bluetooth  4.0  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring wifi  integration,  cellular  connectivity  options,  and  gigabit  ethernet  support  in  a  highperformance,  energy  efficient  module.  digi  connectcore  is  very  small  and  powerefficient,  so  it  fits  nicely  in  our  device,  said  aditya  bansal,  kinetics  cofounder  and  cto.  and  its  well  suited  to  the  rugged  environments  where  were  deployed.  monitoring  and  managing  medications,  ensuring  that  patients  dose  correctly  and  on  schedule  is  an  ongoing  challenge  in  clinics,  hospitals  and  care  facilities.  an  additional  problem  is  the  challenge  on  the  part  of  busy  care  staff  to  quickly  respond  to  every  patient  need.  with  these  challenges  in  mind,  developed  an  iot  solution  for  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  accurately  and  quickly  dispenses  pain  medication  in  a  prn  delivery  method.  prn,  which  stands  for  the  latin  pro  re  nata,  means  as  needed,  or  as  circumstances  require.the  product  is  called  medication  on  demand  mod,  and  is  the  first  patientcontrolled  analgesic  pca  device  that  empowers  patients  to  administer  their  own  prn  oral  pain  medication.  while  avancens  mod  device  puts  the  control  in  the  hands  of  thepatient,  it  comes  with  complete  security  and  clinical  control  to  prevent  security  breaches  or  overdoses.  the  patient  waves  an  rfid  wrist  band  in  front  of  the  locked,  preprogrammed  device  to  dispense  the  correct  dose  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pain  medication  as  part  of  the  prescribed  treatment  plan.  the  technology  behind  the  device  is  a  digi  embedded  module,  thercm6600w  minicore  in  digis  line  of  products.the  new  digi  connectcore  line  of  is  an  ideal  choice  for  new  designs  that  require  high  performance  processing,  superior  security  and  rapid  time  to  market.  medical  imaging  is  a  large  market  that  continually  evolves  with  technology  advances,  and  there  are  many  applications.  one  use  case  many  of  us  may  not  be  aware  of  is  the  need  for  accurate  wound  measurement.  this  is  a  concern  with  fresh  wounds,  in  terms  of  assessing  severity,  as  well  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring wounds  that  are  progressing  through  the  healing  process.  ,  a  ukbased  medical  imaging  company,  developed  a  wound  measurement  system  to  meet  this  challenge.  the  system  uses  cameras  and  3d  imaging  to  photograph,  measure  and  map  wound  progression  over  time.  by  observing  changes  in  volume  and  tissue  structure,  clinicians  can  evaluate  wounds  and  the  effectiveness  of  treatment.  the  product  was  built  on  the  ,  asystemonmodule  som  solution  based  on  the  nxp/freescale  i.mx51  application  processor.  by  using  a  precise  measurement  system,  healthcare  providers  can  ensure  they  are  not  only  identifying  the  severity  of  wounds,  but  that  they  administer  the  right  care  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring treatment  based  on  an  accurate  assessment.  the  possibilities  for  iot  applications  in  healthcare  are  limited  only  by  our  imaginations.  if  you  have  a  project  in  mind,  to  discuss  your  project  design  and  development  needs.  we  will  partner  with  you  to  assess  the  project  and  support  your  gotomarket  strategy.  comments  are  closed.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring while  the  field  of  healthcare  is  brimming  with  innovation,  the  pace  of  adoption  has  been  slow  since  stakes  are  high.  in  matters  of  life  and  death,  new  medical  devices  must  be  fda  approved  by  being  meticulously  tested  in  multiple  environments  and  demonstrate  a  proven  track  record  of  ultrareliability  before  widespread  use  can  begin.  this  is  why  bedside  monitoring  stations,  for  example,  have  remained  largely  unchanged  for  so  longan  imposing  jumble  of  multiple  machines,  flashing  lights,  and  tangled  wires.  and  most  of  these  monitoring  devices  operate  completely  independently  and  must  be  manually  checked  by  hospital  staff.  its  only  when  an  alarm
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sounds  that  a  doctor  or  nurse  knows  something  is  wrong.  but  patients  are  demanding  better  care  while  physicians  and  healthcare  providers  are  praising  the  benefits  of  predictive  medicine.  what  if  there  were  a  way  to  take  whole  medical  systemsnot  just  monitoring  stations  but  the  realtime  data  from  an  entire  hospital  network  or  the  results  of  a  new  batch  of  clinical  drug  trialsand  feed  everything  into  a  central  location  to  better  monitor  patients  and  practice  truly  predictive  medicine?  with  wind  river  titanium  control,  the  first  fully  integrated  network  virtualization  platform,  healthcare  providers  can  now  virtualize  the  thousands  of  medical  devices  used
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring across  a  hospital  system.  instead  of  having  multiple  independent,  isolated  machines  requiring  manual  monitoring,  a  cluster  of  bedside  monitors  now  becomes  a  single  node  on  an  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  operating  platform.  medical  professionals  can  monitor,  aggregate,  and  act  on  medical  data  in  real  time.  imagine  a  patient  connected  to  just  a  few  carefully  placed  bluetooth  sensors  that  report  everything  from  ekg  to  blood  sugar  level  to  a  centralized  location.  the  data  could  be  analyzed  for  immediate  action  and  even  sent  on  to  the  tablet  of  a  trusted  doctor  or  relative.  in  addition,  data  from  an  entire  medical  station
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  even  an  entire  hospital  network  could  be  aggregated  to  provide  insights  into  new  treatments  and  suggest  preventive  measures.  with  wind  river  helix  device  cloud,  new  devices  can  be  tested,  validated,  and  updated  easily  and  remotely  via  a  robust,  onpremises,  cloudbased  iot  platform.  system  upgrades  are  pushed  out  instantly,  enabling  patient  care  to  keep  pace  with  the  latest  technology.  and  with  vxworks  at  the  core  of  billions  of  embedded  systems,  including  fda  class  i,  ii,  and  iii  devices  for  a  broad  array  of  medical  needs,  healthcare  professionals  know  that  innovative  new  medical  deviceswhether  nextgeneration  prosthetics,  artificial  discs,  or  smart  stents
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  valveswill  work  seamlessly  with  their  platform.  healthcare,  get  ready  for  a  quantum  leap  forward.  the  worlds  leading  oil  companies  and  energy  producers  will  achieve  unprecedented  efficiency  by  virtualizing  the  control  systems  in  refineries  and  power  plants,  permanently  reducing  the  cost  of  upgrades.  food  and  beverage  producers,  pharmaceutical  companies,  and  other  major  manufacturers  can  tap  into  the  next  generation  of  robust  remote  applications  to  gain  higher  levels  of  complex  process  automation.  property  management  companies  and  building  operators  will  benefit  from  innovative  ways  to  manage  multiple  systems  simultaneously  to  improve  facility  use.  logistics  firms  involved  in  shipping,  trucking,  and  delivery  will
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leverage  improvements  in  fleet  management,  tracking,  and  service  chaining  to  optimize  their  operations.  airport  operators,  rail  companies,  and  manufacturers  will  discover  innovative  ways  to  improve  the  passenger  experience,  as  well  as  vehicle  performance,  safety,  scheduling,  and  security.  trust  systemcritical  devices  to  the  industrys  leading  operating  system,  offering  scalability,  security,  and  realtime  performance.  virtualize  an  industrial  data  center  with  the  first  fully  integrated,  featurecomplete  network  software  virtualization  platform.  more  industries  are  discovering  the  benefits  of  a  virtualized,  flexible  architecture.  watch  how  san  diego  state  university  students  created  a  stethoscope  that  harnesses  iot  to  make  care  easier.  learn  about  the  implications  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  the  incorporation  of  the  internet  of  things  and  artificial  intelligence  will  benefit  your  healthcare  organization  the  healthcare  industry  can  be  benefited  the  most
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring through  the  iot  revolution.  by  building  iotbased  systems  in  hospitals  and  clinics,  along  with  establishing  ,  hospitals  can  improve  access  to  patient  care,  while  increasing  care  quality  and  reducing  operating  costs.  the  basic  building  blocks  of  an  iotbased  system  are  sensors  that  collect  patient  data,  internet  gateways  for  transmitting  that  data  and  cloud  computing  to  store  and  process  this  data.  the  smart  cloud  platform  is  also  used  to  analyze  this  data  to  generate  valuable  insights  for  doctors  and  medical  staff.  since  it  is  essential  to  extract  useful  insights  out  of  the  collected  data,  the  healthcare  systems  even  require  the  incorporation
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  an  ml  algorithm  and  ai  capabilities  along  with  iot.  the  final  stage  involves  the  creation  of  web  and  mobile  applications  which  the  medical  staff  can  use  to  decide  on  the  next  course  of  action.  in  patientcentric  iot  systems,  the  patients  are  also  given  mobile  apps  and  even  wearables  for  monitoring  their  health.  the  internet  of  things  has  countless  uses  in  healthcare.  it  can  be  applied  at  every  step  of  the  process,  whether  it  is  a  smart  sensor,  device  incorporation,  or  the  convenience  of  remote  monitoring.  since  iot  can  assist  the  medical  practitioner  in  delivering  service,  it  can  help  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring keeping  patients  safe  and  healthy  as  well.  once  this  system  is  in  place,  one  of  the  major  uses  is  in  creating  a  better  chronic  disease  management  system.  today,  many  sensors  can  be  used  for  monitoring  patients  with  chronic  conditions  such  as  asthma,  diabetes,  hypertension  and  chronic  obstructive  pulmonary  disease  among  several  others.  offtheshelf  and  specialized  wearables  can  help  patients  and  doctors  carry  out  activity  monitoring.  these  devices  record  data.  the  data  gathered  can  be  used  for  patient  monitoring  and  analysis.  senior  citizens  and  individuals  with  conditions  that  require  them  to  be  in  assisted  living  facilities  can  also  benefit  from  an
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  system.  for  such  patients,  monitors  can  send  alert  to  doctors  in  realtime  about  learn  more  about  the  opportunities  of  iot  in  healthcare  organizations  by  hosting  our  iot  consulting  workshop  at  your  premises.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  penn  state  university,  malvern,  pa  19355  penn  state  university,  malvern,  pa  19355  widener  university,  chester,  pa  19013  nist,  gaithersburg  md,  20899  the  nature  of  healthcare  and  the  computational  and  physical  technologies  and  constraints  present  a  number  of  challenges  to  systems  designers  and  implementers.  in  spite  of  the  challenges,  there  is  a  significant  market  for  systems  and  products  to  support  caregivers  in  their  tasks  as  the  number  of  people  needing  assistance  grows  substantially.  in  this  paper  we  present  a  structured  approach  for  describing  internet  of  things  for  healthcare  systems.  we  illustrate  the  approach
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  three  use  cases  and  discuss  relevant  quality  issues  that  arise,  in  particular,  the  need  to  consider  caring  as  a  requirement.  a  healthcare  application  involves  delivering  patient  care  across  the  healthcare  continuum  i.e.  hospital,  homecare,  longterm  care  facility.  healthcare  applications  that  are  connected  to  the  internet;  also  referred  to  as  internet  of  things  iot  applications  in  health  care,  have  been  widely  forecast,  investigated,  and  even  deployed  on  a  small  scale.  for  example,  some  hospitals  have  begun  implementing  smart  beds  that  can  detect  when  they  are  occupied  and  when  a  patient  is  attempting  to  get  up,  sending  this  information  over  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring network/internet  to  nurses  .  the  beds  can  also  selfadjust  to  ensure  that  appropriate  pressure  and  support  is  applied  to  the  patient  without  having  to  be  manually  adjusted  by  the  nurses.  another  area  where  smart  technology  is  being  discussed  as  an  asset  is  coupled  with  home  medication  dispensers  to  automatically  upload  data  to  the  cloud  when  medication  is  not  taken  or  any  other  indicators  for  which  the  care  team  should  be  alerted  .  the  ieee  iot  community  defines  the  iot  as:  a  selfconfiguring  and  adaptive  system  consisting  of  networks  of  sensors  and  smart  objects  whose  purpose  is  to  interconnect  all  things,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring including  every  day  and  industrial  objects,  in  such  a  way  as  to  make  them  intelligent,  programmable  and  more  capable  of  interacting  with  humans  .  according  to  information  technology  researcher  gartner  ,  there  are  more  than  6.4  billion  devices  connected  to  the  internet  excluding  tablets,  cellphones  and  computers.  that  number  is  projected  to  hit  20.8  billion  devices  by  2020,  as  everything  from  a  coffee  maker  to  a  kid  toy  is  hooked  up.  because  it  is  constantly  growing  and  changing,  it  is  often  more  useful  to  discuss  a  purpose  built  system  within  the  iot,  referred  to  as  a  network  of  things  not
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring .  a  not  can  be  described  by  five  primitives  proposed  by  voas  :  sensor  an  electronic  utility  that  digitally  measures  physical  properties  such  as  temperature,  acceleration,  weight,  sound  e.g.  cameras  and  microphones,  aggregator  a  software  implementation  based  on  mathematical  functions  that  transforms  groups  of  raw  data  into  intermediate  data.  two  actors  in  conjunction  with  aggregator  are:  cluster  is  an  abstract  grouping  of  sensors  that  can  appear  and  disappear  instantaneously.  weight  is  the  degree  to  which  a  particular  sensors  data  will  impact  an  aggregators  computation.  communication  channel  any  medium  by  which  data  is  transmitted  e.g.  wireless  or  wired,  external  utility  eutility
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  software  or  hardware  product  or  service  which  executes  processes  or  feeds  data  into  the  overall  dataflow  of  the  network  of  things  not,  decision  trigger  creates  the  final  result  or  results  from  data  concentrations  and  any  other  data  needed  to  satisfy  the  purpose  and  requirements  of  a  specific  not  .  the  nature  of  healthcare  and  the  computational  and  physical  technologies  and  constraints  present  a  number  of  challenges  to  systems  designers  and  implementers.  these  challenges  are  complex  and  include  the  following  concerns:  political  e.g.  funding,  mandates,  behavioral  i.e.  desired  functionality,  physical  e.g.  available  technology,  communications  e.g.  available  channels,  logical  e.g.  analytics,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring languages,  tools,  structural  e.g.  patterns  of  architecture  and  design,  ethical  e.g.  governmental  privacy  protection  standards.  for  example,  in  2013  the  u.s.  food  and  drug  administration  fda  released  its  rule  for  unique  device  identification  system  for  medical  devices,  which  will  help  in  organizing  adverse  event  reporting  by  making  recalls  more  straightforward  in  an  effort  to  improve  patient  safety  .  the  rule  centers  around  two  core  items,  the  first  of  which  requires  a  unique  number  to  be  assigned  to  every  model  of  a  medical  device.  secondly,  the  rule  will  create  a  public  database  of  medical  devices.  the  fda  hopes  these  steps  will
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring help  to  more  quickly  identify  specific  medical  device  malfunctions  and  assess  whether  a  recall  is  needed  .  in  spite  of  the  challenges,  there  is  a  significant  market  for  systems  and  products  to  support  caregivers  in  their  tasks  as  the  number  of  people  needing  assistance  grows  substantially.  for  example,  it  is  projected  that  by  2020,  the  number  of  americans  who  are  expected  to  need  assistance  of  some  kind  to  be  117  million,  yet  the  overall  number  of  unpaid  caregivers  e.g.  family  members  is  only  expected  to  reach  45  million.  that  makes  one  unpaid  caregiver  for  every  2.6  persons  needing  assistance  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring therefore,  a  large  market  opportunity  is  presented  by  those  people  who  are  online  and  connected,  and  who  would  make  use  of  technology  that  is  intuitive  and  consumerfriendly  to  provide  care.  yet,  there  is  not  enough  technology  that  can  meet  caregiving  needs.  according  to  a  recent  study  conducted  by  project  catalyst  and  the  health  innovation  technology  laboratory  hitlab  to  better  understand  how  caregivers  are  currently  using  technology  ,  an  average  of  71.5  of  caregivers  reported  that  they  are  interested  in  using  technology  across  17  tested  caregiving  tasks  if  such  technology  exists.  in  this  paper  we  present  a  structured  approach  for  describing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nots  for  healthcare  by  defining  general  classes  of  system  types,  classifying  the  healthcare  delivery  settings,  then  using  the  structured  approach  to  describing  the  elements  for  a  particular  use  case.  we  illustrate  the  approach  for  three  use  cases  and  discuss  certain  issues  that  arise.  we  also  discuss  considerations  for  dominant  quality  requirements  in  iots  for  healthcare.  healthcare  can  be  delivered  in  three  broadbased  setting  types:  acute  care,  communitybased  care  and  longterm  care.  acute  care  refers  to  a  hospital  setting  where  the  caregivers  are  paid  health  care  professionals.  communitybased  care  is  delivered  in  a  home  setting,  where  the  patient  is  living  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring his  or  her  own  or  anothers  home  and  where  caregivers  are  either  paid  professionals  or  unpaid  family  members  or  friends.  longterm  care  refers  to  nursing  homes,  or  other  skilled  nursing  facilities  where  patients  reside  for  weeks,  months,  years  or  for  the  remainder  of  their  lives  and  where  caregivers  are  paid  professionals.  iots  can  be  used  to  collect  patient  and  other  data  in  these  settings,  and  aggregate  the  data  using  analytics  and  then  reporting  this  information  to  caregivers  and/or  take  some  action  such  as  shutting  down  a  faulty  medical  device.  it  would  be  futile  to  try  to  enumerate  all  conceivable  iot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring applications  in  healthcare  since  after  completing  any  list  new  applications  will  be  innovated.  instead  we  define  three  classes  of  use  cases  of  healthcare  iots:  a  tracking  humans  e.g.  patients,  caregivers,  and  family  members,  b  tracking  things  e.g.  medical  devices,  supplies,  and  specimens,  c  tracking  humans  and  things.  class  a  systems  involve  tracking  humans  data  e.g.  patients,  caregivers,  family  members  using  iot  devices.  perhaps  the  most  mature  field  for  iot  in  health  care  is  patient  datagathering.  currently,  telemetry  monitors  can  automatically  measure  and  send  or  upload  ekg  stats,  core  body  temperature  cbt,  blood  pressure,  urine  output,  etc.  by  monitoring  these  vital
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring signs,  healthcare  professionals  can  detect  and  start  care  earlier  for  infectious  disease,  cancer,  heart  failure,  etc.  another  example  in  this  class  involves  tracking  the  physical  location  of  patients  in  any  setting  acute,  longterm,  home.  from  tracking  wandering  patients  admitted  to  er  to  tracking  patients  with  dementia,  the  iot  could  geolocate  patients  with  alzheimers  disease,  or  selfdestructive  behaviors  such  as  bulimia,  cutting,  or  suicidal  tendencies.  such  tracking  can  already  be  accomplished  with  commercial  gps  bracelets,  but  local  proximity  sensors  connected  through  internet  or  cloud  based  technologies  could  allow  tracking  inside  of  the  facility  or  home,  or  outside  these  where  gps  signals
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring may  not  reach.  additionally  health  care  providers  working  in  high  risk  areas,  such  as  mental  health  care,  may  benefit  from  tracking  for  security  reasons.  the  second  class  of  systems  involves  tracking  things  in  a  healthcare  setting  in  realtime.  these  could  include  medical  devices,  supplies,  specimens  and  more.  for  example  certain  shared  equipment  found  in  hospitals  is  scarce  e.g.  ekg  machines,  intravenous  pumps,  intermittent  pressure  devices  for  prevention  of  thrombosis.  nurses  and  hospital  staff  may  sometimes  store  the  equipment  so  that  they  can  access  it  when  needed,  however  this  can  create  a  problem  if  another  unit  is  in  need  of  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring equipment  but  cannot  locate  it.  iot  could  be  used  to  track  the  location  of  such  equipment.  for  example  airfinder  is  a  realtime  location  system  for  hospitals  and  other  enterprises  that  uses  symphony  link  technology  to  track  supplies  in  an  operating  room  or  throughout  an  entire  hospital  or  facility.  in  acute  settings;  future  iot  technology  can  also  provide  an  analysis  of  the  use  patterns  of  hospital  supplies  or  devices  to  assist  particular  units  in  documenting  use  and  need  for  additional  equipment  and  acuity  of  patients.  in  a  communitybased  setting  sensors  could  be  placed  to  monitor  usage  patterns.  for  example,  oxygen  tanks
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  medication  administration  devices;  iot  could  assist  in  tracking  the  usage  and  need  for  replacement  of  supplies.  most  equipment  has  alarm  features  for  various  exceptions  e.g.  readings  exceed  limits,  refill,  failure,  time  to  calibrate,  etc..  frequent  equipment  alarms  can  cause  nurses  and  staff  to  become  desensitized  to  the  alarms  so  called  alarm  fatigue  such  that  they  do  not  react  quickly  enough  to  deal  with  the  exception.  a  not  could  be  used  to  help  differentiate  these  alarms  for  more  effective  response  scenarios  and  send  the  alarm  to  the  appropriate  health  care  providers  who  should  respond.  the  applications  in  class  c  involve
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  hybrid  of  classes  a  and  b.  taking  the  dimensions  of  care  settings  and  iot  application  classes  yields  9  general  use  cases:  acute  a,  b,  c,  longterm  a,  b,  c,  home  a,  b,  c.  to  illustrate  how  the  general  framework  helps  describe  these  healthcare  iot  applications,  we  consider  three  use  cases  involving:  a  patient  with  an  alcoholic  addiction,  a  patient  with  alzheimers  disease,  and  staff  or  patient  safety  issue  or  concerns  in  a  hospital  setting  in  each  case  we  describe  the  situation  from  a  healthcare  providers  perspective  then  using  the  framework  established,  showing  how  a  specialized  iot  could  assist  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  and  patient  care.  alcoholism  is  a  longterm  chronic  disease  in  which  a  person  has  developed  an  unhealthy  dependence  on  alcohol  .  in  the  u.s.,  there  are  close  to  14  million  people  who  are  either  alcohol  abusers  or  alcoholics  .  fortunately,  no  matter  how  severe  the  problem  may  seem,  most  people  with  an  alcohol  use  disorder  can  benefit  from  some  form  of  treatment.  research  shows  that  about  onethird  of  people  who  are  treated  for  alcohol  problems  have  no  further  symptoms  1  year  later.  many  others  substantially  reduce  their  drinking  and  report  fewer  alcoholrelated  problems  .  in  the  early  stages  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  treatment  phase,  a  patient  may  suffer  from  alcohol  withdrawal  syndrome  aws,  which  refers  to  the  set  of  symptoms  that  occur  when  a  heavy  drinker  suddenly  stops  or  significantly  reduces  their  alcohol  intake.  with  aws,  a  patient  may  experience  a  combination  of  physical  and  emotional  symptoms  which  include  one  or  more  of  the  following  :  anxiety  or  jumpiness  depression  shakiness  or  trembling  irritability  sweating  fatigue  nausea  and  vomiting  loss  of  appetite  insomnia  headache  some  symptoms  of  aws  can  be  as  severe  as  hallucinations  and  seizures.  at  its  most  extreme,  aws  can  be  lifethreatening.  detecting  the  degree  of  severity  of  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring symptoms  is  essential  to  adjust  the  treatment.  matching  the  right  therapy  to  the  individual  is  important  to  its  success.  no  single  treatment  will  benefit  everyone  in  the  alcoholism  case.  many  of  the  above  aws  symptoms  could  potentially  be  monitored  using  a  specialized  not  or  noninternetenabled  analytics.  for  example,  a  patient  with  aws  needs  to  be  carefully  monitored  regarding  trembling  and  irregular  movement.  sensors  can  be  strategically  placed  in  the  patients  home  and  used  to  pick  up  on  accelerated  and  irregular  walking  or  movement  activity  as  compared  to  walking  or  moving  at  a  normal  pace.  in  addition  a  patient  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitored  for  episodes  of  vomiting  by  observing  instances  of  bathroom  use  via  an  iot.  a  sensor  that  can  detect  the  odor  of  vomit  could  provide  additional  cues  in  the  diagnosis  and  management  of  the  aws  patient  in  homecare  settings.  a  not  system  can  render  a  decision  on  the  existence  of  aws  symptoms  and  the  degree  of  such  symptoms.  if  a  patient  has  mild  to  moderate  withdrawal  symptoms,  a  healthcare  provider  may  prefer  to  continue  the  treatment  in  an  outpatient  setting  while  prescribing  some  medications  to  reduce  the  severity  of  the  symptoms,  especially  if  a  patient  has  supportive  family  and  friends.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring if  the  symptoms  are  extremely  severe,  then  the  system  may  alert  the  case  as  a  medical  emergency  that  requires  an  acute  setting.  depicts  a  simple  construct  for  an  aws  patient  in  a  longterm  or  home  care  setting  using  an  iot.  aws  use  case  construct  e  alzheimers  disease  is  the  most  common  form  of  dementia,  accounting  for  60  to  80  of  all  cases  .  alzheimers.org  reports  that  1  in  9  people  age  of  65  years  and  older  has  alzheimers  disease.  it  is  important  to  note  too  that  81  of  people  with  alzheimers  disease  are  age  75  or  older.  safety  is  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring key  factor  in  the  care  of  patients  with  dementia.  also,  the  average  lifespan  in  general  for  all  people  continues  to  rise,  with  many  surviving  into  their  80s  and  90s.  the  costs  associated  with  care  of  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  are  staggering.  all  of  these  statistics  highlight  the  need  for  technologies  to  assist  in  monitoring  and  support  of  these  patients,  their  families  or  caregivers,  and  health  care  providers.  there  are  a  variety  of  symptoms  that  a  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  can  exhibit,  some  are  more  common  in  early  stages  while  others  appear  later  as  the  disease  progresses.  with  the  number
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  cases  of  the  disease  continually  on  the  rise,  the  health  care  community  has  been  seeking  ways  to  assure  safety  and  quality  of  life  for  the  patient  and  caregivers.  caregiver  burden  is  a  real  concern  because  of  the  stress  and  level  of  care  often  needed,  with  most  of  this  responsibility  falling  to  family  or  caregivers.  as  the  disease  progresses  the  patient  can  have  difficulty  walking  and  swallowing  that  will  require  additional  monitoring  and  intervention  to  keep  the  patient  safe.  the  following  are  common  symptoms  of  alzheimers  disease:  memory  loss  that  disrupts  daily  life;  challenges  in  planning  or  solving  problems;  difficulty
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring completing  familiar  tasks  at  home,  at  work  or  at  leisure;  confusion  with  time  or  place;  trouble  understanding  visual  images  and  spatial  relationships;  new  problems  with  words  in  speaking  or  writing;  misplacing  things  and  losing  the  ability  to  retrace  steps;  decreased  or  poor  judgment,  withdrawal  from  work  or  social  activities;  changes  in  mood  and  personality,  including  apathy  and  depression  .  any  of  these  symptoms  could  potentially  be  monitored  using  a  specialized  iot  or  other  analytics,  though  some  would  be  more  difficult  than  others.  as  the  disease  progresses,  cognitive  and  functional  abilities  can  decline.  people  may  need  help  with  basic  activities  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  bathing,  dressing,  eating  and  using  the  bathroom;  lose  their  ability  to  communicate;  fail  to  recognize  loved  ones;  and  become  bedbound  and  reliant  on  24  hour  care.  when  individuals  have  difficulty  moving,  they  are  more  vulnerable  to  infections,  including  pneumonia  which  is  often  a  contributing  factor  to  the  death  of  people  with  alzheimers  disease  .  clearly  this  disease  takes  a  toll  on  the  patient  and  caregivers,  and  it  is  easy  to  see  the  need  for  technologies  to  assist  caregivers  at  different  stages  of  the  disease.  allowing  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  the  best  quality  of  life  is  a  focus  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care.  especially  in  early  stages,  patients  need  to  maintain  a  level  of  independence  therefore  caregivers  and  health  care  providers  must  seek  ways  to  keep  the  patient  safe  without  taking  away  all  independence.  additionally,  it  is  important  for  the  patient  with  alzheimers  disease  to  remain  socially  engaged  to  stimulate  brain  health;  the  sensors  again  can  be  placed  to  avoid  detection  by  visitors.  many  patients  with  alzheimers  disease  also  have  comorbidities  or  disesases  or  conditions,  therefore  a  sensor  may  also  capture  data  for  monitoring  of  other  health  conditions,  such  as  hypertension  high  blood  pressure.  monitoring  through  sensors  with  iot  can  be  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring means  to  do  this.  the  sensors  could  be  strategically  placed  to  capture  important  data,  but  not  be  intrusive.  a  study  by  niemeijer  et  al.  provided  evidence  to  support  the  development  of  less  intrusive  forms  of  patient  monitoring.  gps  tracking  devices  and  video  surveillance  were  two  technologies  included  in  this  study,  as  these  have  been  touted  to  increase  freedom  for  patients  with  alzheimers  disease  .  this  ethnographic  study  interestingly  resulted  in  two  themes,  with  the  second  theme  highlighting  that  patients  felt  stigmatized  and  felt  they  were  being  watched.  sensors  could  be  built  into  residential  communities  in  order  to  be  better  accepted.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  example,  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  chips  could  be  inconspicuously  embedded  in  the  patients  clothing  for  the  purposes  of  position  tracking.  local  proximity  sensors  could  track  the  location  and  movement  of  patients.  health  care  providers  could  be  notified  of  emergency  situations,  possibly  even  linking  an  alert  to  local  first  responders.  sensors  could  be  placed  in  areas  to  detect  movement  and  vital  signs.  if  the  patient  is  becoming  more  confused  and  is  wandering,  the  sensor  could  detect  a  pattern  of  wandering.  if  the  patient  is  becoming  agitated,  the  sensor  could  be  placed  to  detect  increased  heart  rate  or  blood  pressure;  also  assisting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  detection  of  vital  signs  related  to  comorbidities.  by  contrast,  if  there  is  a  sudden  drop  in  activity,  this  could  signal  apathy  or  depression  of  a  patient  who  perhaps  is  becoming  more  sedentary  and  less  social.  a  simple  construct  for  an  alzheimers  patient  in  an  acute  or  longterm  or  home  care  setting  using  an  iot  in  shown  in  .  alzheimers  use  case  construct  e  privacy  becomes  a  real  issue  here,  however  as  patient  information  is  potentially  being  disclosed  outside  of  the  immediate  care  providers  and  across  insecure  technologies.  safety  and  violence  are  currently  very  important  issues  in  health.  there  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring numerous  accounts  of  horizontal  violence,  for  example  nurse  against  nurse,  but  also  of  violence  from  visitors  or  family  towards  health  care  providers.  the  bureau  of  labor  statistics  bls  reported  that  2010  experienced  a  13  increase  in  workplace  violence  over  that  for  2009  .  the  violence  ranged  from  verbal  threats  to  homicide,  and  the  bls  states  that  there  are  likely  many  more  incidents  that  go  unreported.  the  bls  stresses  the  need  for  a  zero  tolerance  policy,  with  education  of  all  staff  and  providers.  a  not  could  be  integral  to  a  zero  tolerance  policy  by  providing  another  layer  of  protection.  for  example,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring proximity  sensors  with  an  appropriate  aggregation  algorithm  could  be  used  to  detect  signs  of  aggression  or  stress  in  individuals.  a  simple  construct  for  a  patient  or  caregiver  safety  use  case  using  an  iot  is  shown  in  .  rfid  chips  could  be  embedded  in  the  lab  coats  of  personnel  and  in  the  garments  of  patients  in  high  risk  areas,  such  as  mental  health  facilities.  while  these  implementations  raise  numerous  collateral  questions,  such  as  the  ethics  of  monitoring  providers,  the  possibilities  for  implementation  solutions  seem  to  be  within  reach.  safety  use  case  construct  e  health  care  institutions  are  equipped  with  video  surveillance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring systems,  however,  the  question  arises  as  to  whether  other  means,  such  as  metal  detectors,  in  conjunction  with  an  appropriate  iot  could  provide  additional  protection  against  violence  with  a  gun,  knife  or  other  weapons.  health  care  providers  have  debated  this  notion,  with  some  believing  metal  detectors  are  against  the  culture  of  the  acute  care  environment  because  they  are  perceived  as  prison  equipment  however  others  support  their  use.  when  specifying  the  functionality  for  iot  healthcare  applications,  attention  is  naturally  focused  on  concerns  such  as  fitness  of  purpose,  wireless  interoperability,  energy  efficiency,  and  so  on.  conventional  requirements  elicitations  techniques  such  as  domain  analysis,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring joint  application  development  jad,  and  quality  function  deployment  qfd  among  others  are  usually  adequate  for  these  kinds  of  requirements.  but  in  healthcare  iot  applications  some  quality  requirements  are  probably  of  greater  concern.  three  particular  quality  requirements  namely  security,  safety  and  caring  are  of  special  importance  in  healthcare  applications  because  of  the  sensitive,  personal  nature  of  the  information.  we  explore  these  types  of  requirements  further  in  this  section.  privacy  concerns  have  always  been  a  crucial  aspect  of  health  care.  patients  expect  that  their  personally  identifiable  information  will  remain  confidential  and  that  health  care  providers  will  protect  them.  similarly,  iotbased  healthcare  systems
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring must  assure  privacy  but  allow  for  sharing  of  information  that  is  needed  to  provide  high  quality  care  across  the  care  continuum.  many  of  the  devices  used  in  a  provisioned,  specialized  iot  will  collect  various  data  whether  that  surveillance  is  known  or  not  .  if  so,  where  does  that  data  go?  who  owns  it?  and  why  is  it  being  collected  in  the  first  place?  sensors  and  surveillance  will  be  huge  concerns  to  overcome  in  order  to  argue  convincingly  for  compliance  when  the  economic  benefits  to  healthcare  providers  are  overwhelming  for  this  technology.  the  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  hipaa  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 1996  addresses  how  a  patients  personal  health  information  can  be  used  and  shared  to  assure  privacy  but  to  allow  for  sharing  of  information  that  is  needed  to  provide  high  quality  care.  hipaa  is  an  integral  part  of  todays  health  care  system,  and  no  health  care  provider  would  argue  its  relevance.  new  concerns,  however,  have  been  raised  as  to  the  relationship  of  hipaa  and  the  iot.  a  forbes  magazine  report  calls  for  new  federal  baseline  privacy  legislation,  builtin  security  for  iot  devices,  data  minimization  storing  less,  not  more  data  and  security  breach  notification  .  in  february  2016,  the  office  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring privacy  commissioner  of  canada  released  a  34page  report  outlining  concerns  for  privacy  and  data  as  the  iots  continues  to  take  shape:  the  internet  of  things  has  been  compared  to  electricity,  or  a  nervous  system  for  the  planet,  to  illustrate  phenomena  that  are  at  once  pervasive,  unseen  and  will  become  crucially  integrated  within  the  fabric  of  our  society,  states  the  report.  several  international  experts,  thinkers  and  technology  builders  are  forecasting  profound  political,  social  and  economic  transformations;  concerns  about  privacy  and  surveillance  are  chief  among  them.  there  has  also  been  a  substantial  amount  of  academic  research  considering  iot  functionality  versus  privacy.  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring example,  winter  conducted  a  survey  of  hawaiin  healthcare  consumers  in  order  to  identify  specific  practices  that  will  be  brought  about  by  the  iots  that  may  be  perceived  as  privacy  violations  .  essentially,  winter  found  that  these  consumers  were  willing  to  trade  off  some  privacy  for  the  perceived  benefits  of  information  sharing.  moreover,  thierer  argues  against  rash,  restrictive  regulation  in  response  to  security  and  privacy  concerns  that  could  thwart  innovation  in  applications  including  healthcare  related  to  wearable  iot  technologies  .  and  walla  discusses  some  of  the  issues  of  patient  privacy  in  internet  hosted  personal  records  that  are  not  covered  by  hipaa
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  mercuri  considers  regulations  intended  to  improve  health  care  data  access  have  created  new  security  and  privacy  risks  along  with  regulatory  complexity  for  patients  and  practitioners  .  safety  concerns  address  questions  such  as:  is  the  system  operating  as  intended?  is  the  system  providing  needed  levels  of  care?  is  it  providing  unintended  functionality?  can  a  malfunction  of  the  system  harm  a  patient?  safety  requirements  for  medical  systems  often  derive  from  oversight  agencies,  for  example,  in  the  united  states,  the  food  and  drug  administration  fda.  wallace  and  kuhn  studied  342  failures  in  medical  devices  based  on  data  from  the  fda.  their  study
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring helped  identify  approaches  for  using  fault  and  failure  information  to  improve  device  safety  .  they  also  found  that  known  best  practices  may  not  be  used  at  all  or  may  be  misused.  wallace  and  kuhn  also  recommended  that  for  requirements  generation  of  safe  medical  devices  that  engineers  should  gather  failure  and  fault  data  from  previous  and  related  systems,  understand  the  types  of  faults  that  are  prevalent  for  a  specific  domain,  and  develop  prevention  and  detection  approaches  specific  to  these  issues  .  the  us  underwriters  laboratories  proposed  a  faulttree  analysis  approach  for  specifying  hazards  in  wearable  devices  ,  and  this  approach  would
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  appropriate  for  other  medical  and  healthcare  applications  using  iot  technology.  using  traditional  techniques  for  defining  misuse  and  abuse  cases  would  also  be  appropriate.  caring  can  be  described  as  an  act,  or  a  way  to  approach  a  patient.  caring  can  be  a  trait  that  one  possesses,  and  often  an  adjective  to  describe  what  is  perceived  to  be  a  good  caregiver.  most  nurses  will  be  able  to  articulate  their  concept  of  caring  if  asked.  lachman  highlights  the  pervasiveness  of  the  link  between  nurses  and  caring  by  pointing  out  that  caring  and  nursing  are  so  intertwined  that  nursing  always  appeared  on  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring same  page  in  a  google  search  for  the  definition  of  caring  .  for  our  purposes,  we  adopt  caring  as  an  adjective  functional  quality  with  the  following  definition:  displaying  kindness  and  concern  for  others  .  caring  likely  encompasses  elements  of  the  qualities  of  trust,  reliability,  privacy  and  more,  but  none  of  these,  by  themselves,  capture  the  full  essence  of  caring.  instead,  caring  is  a  super  ility  resulting  as  some  composite  of  other  ilities  and  the  system  quality  called  empathy.  one  possible  hierarchical  representation  for  caring  in  terms  of  these  other  ilities  is  given  in  .  a  hierarchy  of  qualities  related  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring caring.  other  types  of  systems  may  contain  additional  subqualities  e.g.  usability,  availability  forming  a  slightly  different  hierarchy  than  that  in  .  since  caring  is  comprised  of  some  combination  of  other  qualities  that  differ  for  each  stakeholder  and  each  system  we  find  it  convenient  to  express  caring  for  a  given  system  as  a  linear  combination  of  these  constituent  qualities,  which  is:  ,  where  the  qi,  are  quantifiable  values  for  the  subqualities  related  to  caring:  such  as  safety,  trust,  reliability,  and  the  a  are  weighting  coefficients  for  these  qualities.  for  each  system  c  will  be  a  secret  sauce  with  the  target  goals
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  the  q  ,  related  to  system  requirements  to  be  specified.  caring  also  means  different  things  to  different  people  and  for  different  systems.  consider  for  example,  a  robotic  surgery  system.  these  systems  are  now  used  extensively  for  many  types  of  procedures  including  heart,  cancer  and  prostate  surgery.  while  current  systems  are  robotic  in  the  sense  that  the  machine  mimics  the  movements  of  a  human  surgeon,  fully  autonomous  robot  surgical  systems  are  envisioned  in  the  near  future,  replacing  surgeons  and  nurses  in  the  operating  room  or  .  while  we  expect  the  human  surgeon  and  nurses  to  care  about  the  patient,  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring systems  engineers,  what  should  we  require  of  a  fully  autonomous  robot  surgeon?  furthermore,  what  should  the  patient  expect,  in  terms  of  a  caring  system,  especially  since  the  patient  may  be  unconscious  during  the  procedure?  their  concerns  are  likely  somewhat  different.  consider,  for  example,  the  constituent  qualities  of  caring  in  the  robotic  surgery  system.  the  surgeon  wants  the  system  to  be  safe  and  reliable,  likely,  as  the  primary  concerns.  both  the  safe  and  trustworthy  operation  of  the  system  contribute  to  a  sense  of  reliability  in  the  system  and  are  of  concern  to  the  systems  engineers.  the  patient  shares  these  concerns  but
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring also  wants  the  system  to  preserve  his  privacy  e.g.  by  not  exposing  medical  records  or  embarrassing  images.  if  the  actors  in  the  or  were  humans,  the  patient  would  probably  also  expect  a  sense  of  empathy  from  the  surgeons  or  nurses.  of  course,  robot  surgeons  look  nothing  like  human  surgeons,  therefore  there  would  need  to  be  a  means  by  which  the  robots  could  emote  empathy  via  speech  or  facial  expression  generation  on  some  display  device.  these  diverse  concerns,  with  respect  to  the  qualities  related  to  caring,  will  inform  the  specific  system  requirements  discovery  and  representation  process.  very  little  work  has  been
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring done  to  explore  empathy  in  computing  systems  in  comparison  to  other  subqualities  of  caring.  brave  et  al  showed  that  empathic  emotion  via  facial  expression  in  a  computer  agent  interacting  with  a  patient,  has  significant  positive  effects  on  users  opinions  of  that  agent.  they  noted  that  just  as  people  respond  to  being  cared  about  by  other  people,  users  respond  positively  to  agents  that  care.  further  they  observed  that  the  positive  impression  of  caring  was  due  to  the  other  oriented  nature  of  empathic  emotion;  selforiented  emotion  was  found  to  have  little  or  no  effect  on  users  opinions  of  the  agent  .  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring another  study  huang  et  al  integrated  carpers  nursing  typology  ways  of  knowing  and  locsins  nursing  theory  to  define  the  five  senses  of  a  caring  robot.  these  five  senses  or  qualities  are:  accurate  recognition  of  nurses  instruction,  confirmation  of  nurses  instruction,  mid  to  highlevel  conversation  competency,  motion  competency,  and  the  ability  to  demonstrate  empathy,  which  they  defined  as  a  behavioral  ability  to  convey  empathy  to  a  patient  .  most  other  research  that  we  found  in  affective  computing  investigated  very  specific  examples  implementations  of  technology  and  a  situation  for  example  detecting  a  patient  fall  using  wearable  devices  .  since  many  different  definitions
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  caring  exist,  it  is  important  to  engage  all  stakeholders  when  trying  to  define  a  notion  of  caring  for  a  new  healthcare  system  and  it  is  critically  important  to  engage  systems  engineers,  computer  scientists,  doctors,  nurses  and  most  importantly  patients  during  requirements  discovery.  many  traditional  requirements  elicitation  techniques  could  be  used  to  uncover  caring  and  related  requirements  depending  on  the  size  of  the  system.  the  most  likely  useful  elicitation  techniques  for  caring  and  related  qualities,  however,  include  surveys,  interviews,  prototyping  executable  and  nonexecutable,  ethnographic  observation,  designer  as  apprentice  .  of  course,  different  elicitation  techniques  may  be  used  with  different  stakeholder
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring groups,  and  multiple,  complementary  techniques  should  be  used  with  each  group.  for  example,  since  empathy  can  be  expressed  via  emoticons  e.g.  brave  et  al  prototyping  of  various  facial  feature  displays,  or  voice  outputs  could  be  used  to  generate  empathy  requirements.  interviews  and  surveys  of  patients  could  be  used  to  capture  desired  caregiver  behaviors  e.g.  verbal  cues,  event  triggered  behaviors  that  support  patients  in  their  belief  that  the  healthcare  system  is  trustworthy  and  safe.  ethnographic  observation  and  designer  as  apprentice  could  also  be  used  to  elicit  caring  requirements  by  recording  and  analyzing  the  behaviors  and  movements  of  caregivers  who  are  rated
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring highly  along  the  dimension  of  caring  there  are  instruments  available  from  nursing  theory  such  as  the  caritas  tool  to  do  such  measurement  .  each  quality  requirement  specification  should  be  unambiguous  and  testable.  in  ,  the  authors  suggest  to  use  a  common  form  to  specify  quality  attributes  expressions.  the  form  has  six  parts:  stimulus,  stimulus  source,  response,  response  measure,  environment  and  artifact.  in  order  to  provide  a  guidance  to  requirements  engineers  when  specifying  caring  expressions,  a  set  of  possible  values  for  each  of  the  six  parts  is  needed.  this  is  a  venue  of  research  that  we  aim  to  pursue.  of  course,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring caring  and  related  requirements  that  have  been  specified  and  delivered  successfully  in  built  systems  could  be  reused  in  related  systems  and  in  product  lines.  other  caring  and  related  requirements  may  emerge  from  laws  and  regulations,  for  example  in  the  robotic  surgery  system  case,  hipaa.  finally,  other  requirements  for  caring  and  related  qualities  will  eventually  emerge  as  standards  and  reference  architectures  are  developed  for  applicable  systems  e.g.  smart  healthcare.  in  this  paper  we  introduced  a  structured  framework  for  describing,  and  later  help  in  specifying,  designing  and  implementing  healthcare  iots.  the  approach  involved  defining  general  classes  of  system  types,  classifying  the  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring delivery  settings,  then  using  a  structured  approach  to  describing  the  elements  for  a  particular  use  case.  using  such  an  approach  for  describing  i.e.  specifying  healthcare  iots  could  lead  to  standardization,  reuse,  interoperability,  best  practices  and  so  on.  we  also  identified  the  need  to  consider  caring  as  an  important  quality  for  iot  enabled  healthcare  systems.  our  work  reinforced  our  belief  that  in  planning  iot  healthcare  applications,  there  is  strong  need  for  domain  expertise  and  deep  interprofessional  collaboration  in  this  case  nurses  and  engineers.  engineers  need  nurses  to  assist  with  domain  expertise,  domain  language  understanding,  patient  advocacy,  and  point  of  care  awareness.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nurses  are  involved  in  the  day  to  day  care  of  the  patient  in  acute  care  and  long  term  settings,  and  are  the  professional  providers  most  often  engaged  in  home  care.  nurses  need  engineers  to  assist  with  technological  insights,  feasibility  of  use,  and  application  and  understanding  of  iot  for  the  benefit  of  patients,  families,  and  providers.  clearly  each  professional  brings  expertise  to  the  table  but  cannot  create  these  applications  in  isolation.  this  paper  is  a  significantly  extended  version  of  phillip  a.  laplante  and  nancy  l.  laplante,  a  structured  approach  for  describing  healthcare  applications  for  the  internet  of  things,  2015  ieee  2nd
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world  forum  on  internet  of  things  wfiot  ,  milan  italy,  dec.  1416,  2015,  pp.621625.  it  received  the  best  paper  award  at  the  conference.  the  identification  of  any  commercial  product  or  trade  name  does  not  imply  endorsement  or  recommendation  by  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology,  nor  is  it  intended  to  imply  that  the  materials  or  equipment  identified  are  necessarily  the  best  available  for  the  purpose.  is  professor  of  software  engineering  at  the  pennsylvania  state  university.  he  received  his  b.s.,  m.eng.,  and  ph.d.  from  stevens  institute  of  technology  and  an  mba  from  the  university  of  colorado.  from  20102016  led  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring effort  to  develop  a  national  licensing  exam  for  software  engineers.  he  has  worked  in  avionics,  cad,  and  software  testing  systems  and  he  has  published  33  books  and  more  than  200  scholarly  papers.  he  is  a  licensed  professional  engineer  in  the  commonwealth  of  pennsylvania  and  a  certified  software  development  professional.  his  research  interests  include  software  testing,  requirements  engineering  and  software  quality  and  management.  he  is  an  ieee  fellow.  is  an  assistant  professor  in  software  engineering  at  penn  state  great  valley.  he  received  his  ph.d.  degree  in  computer  science  from  concordia  university  in  montreal,  canada.  with  more  than  17  years  of  industrial
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring experiences,  he  worked  in  different  roles  before  establishing  his  career  in  academia,  among  which:  senior  quality  engineer  at  sap,  senior  associate  at  morgan  stanley,  senior  quality  assurance  specialist  at  nokia,  senior  software  developer  at  positron  safety  systems.  dr.  kassabs  research  interests  include  developing  a  formal,  integrated  and  quantitative  approaches,  architectural  frameworks  and  tools  to  modeling  and  assessing  software  quality  requirements.  he  is  a  member  of  the  ieee.  is  associate  professor  of  nursing  at  widener  university  teaching  in  the  undergraduate  and  graduate  nursing  programs.  she  earned  her  bsn  from  william  paterson  university,  her  msn  from  west  chester  university,  and  a  phd
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring from  widener  university.  dr.  laplante  is  board  certified  in  advanced  holistic  nursing.  her  research  interests  include  health  care  applications  for  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  image  of  nursing  in  media,  and  creating  authentic  presence  in  online  nursing  courses.  is  a  computer  scientist  at  the  us  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  in  gaithersburg,  md.  voas  coauthored  two  john  wiley  books  software  assessment:  reliability,  safety,  and  testability  1995  and  software  fault  injection:  inoculating  software  against  errors  1998.  he  received  two  u.s.  patents  and  has  over  250  publications.  voas  received  his  undergraduate  degree  in  computer  engineering  from  tulane  university  1985,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  received  his  m.s.  and  ph.d.  in  computer  science  from  the  college  of  william  and  mary  1986,  1990  respectively.  voas  is  a  fellow  of  the  institute  of  electrical  and  electronics  engineers  ieee,  the  institution  of  engineering  and  technology  iet,  and  the  american  association  for  the  advancement  of  science  aaas.  voass  current  research  interests  include  software  certification  and  the  underlying  science  of  iot  he  is  an  ieee  fellow.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring top  features  top  news  top  opinions  top  research  outsourcing  directory  top  resources  outsourcing  directory  how  sensors  and  devices  are  forever  changing  the  face  of  healthcare.  journal  of  the  american  medical  informatics  association  jamia  healthit  analytics  copyright  2019  rodman  media.  all  rights  reserved.  use  of  this  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  privacy  policy  the  material  on  this  site  may  not  be  reproduced,  distributed,  transmitted,  or  otherwise  used,  except  with  the  prior  written  permission  of  rodman  media.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring brought  to  you  by  the  increased  use  of  mobile  technologies  and  smart  devices  in  the  area  of  health  has  caused  great  impact  on  the  world.  health  experts  are  increasingly  taking  advantage  of  the  benefits  these  technologies  bring,  thus  generating  a  significant  improvement  in  health  care  in  clinical  settings  and  out  of  them.  likewise,  countless  ordinary  users  are  being  served  from  the  advantages  of  the  mhealth  mobile  health  applications  and  ehealth  health  care  supported  by  ict  to  improve,  help  and  assist  their  health.  applications  that  have  had  a  major  refuge  for  these  users,  so  intuitive  environment.  the  internet  of  things  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring increasingly  allowing  to  integrate  devices  capable  of  connecting  to  the  internet  and  provide  information  on  the  state  of  health  of  patients  and  provide  information  in  real  time  to  doctors  who  assist.  it  is  clear  that  chronic  diseases  such  as  diabetes,  heart  and  pressure  among  others,  are  remarkable  in  the  world  economic  and  social  level  problem.  the  aim  of  this  article  is  to  develop  an  architecture  based  on  an  ontology  capable  of  monitoring  the  health  and  workout  routine  recommendations  to  patients  with  chronic  diseases.  peerreview  under  responsibility  of  the  conference  program  chairs.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  smart  healthcare  device  research  center,  samsung  medical  center,  sungkyunkwan  university  school  of  medicine,  seoul,  korea  department  of  medical  device  management  and  research,  saihst,  sungkyunkwan  university,  seoul,  korea  smart  healthcare  device  research  center,  samsung  medical  center,  sungkyunkwan  university  school  of  medicine,  seoul,  korea  smart  healthcare  device  research  center,  samsung  medical  center,  sungkyunkwan  university  school  of  medicine,  seoul,  korea  department  of  medical  device  management  and  research,  saihst,  sungkyunkwan  university,  seoul,  korea  smart  healthcare  device  research  center,  samsung  medical  center,  sungkyunkwan  university  school  of  medicine,  seoul,  korea  department  of  urology,  samsung  medical  center,  sungkyunkwan  university
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring school  of  medicine,  seoul,  korea  synergistic  integration  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  computing,  and  big  data  technologies  in  healthcare  have  led  to  the  notion  of  smart  health.  smart  health  is  an  emerging  concept  that  refers  to  the  provision  of  healthcare  services  for  prevention,  diagnosis,  treatment,  and  followup  management  at  any  time  or  any  place  by  connecting  information  technologies  and  healthcare.  as  a  significant  breakthrough  in  smart  healthcare  development,  iotenabled  smart  devices  allow  medical  centers  to  carry  out  preventive  care,  diagnosis,  and  treatment  more  competently.  this  review  focuses  on  recently  developed  patient  health  monitoring  platforms  based  on  iotenabled  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring devices  that  can  collect  realtime  patient  data  and  transfer  information  for  assessment  by  healthcare  providers,  including  doctors,  hospitals,  and  clinics,  or  for  selfmanagement.  we  aimed  to  summarize  the  available  information  about  recently  approved  devices  and  stateoftheart  developments  through  a  comprehensive,  systematic  literature  review.  in  this  review,  we  also  discuss  possible  future  directions  for  the  integration  of  cloud  computing  and  blockchain,  which  may  offer  unprecedented  breakthroughs  in  ondemand  medical  services.  the  combination  of  iot  with  realtime,  remote  patient  monitoring  empowers  patients  to  assert  more  control  over  their  care,  thereby  allowing  them  to  actively  monitor  their  particular  health  conditions.  smart  health  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  emerging  concept  that  refers  to  the  provision  of  healthcare  services  for  prevention,  diagnosis,  treatment,  and  followup  management  at  any  time  or  any  place  by  connecting  information  technologies  and  healthcare.  smart  health  itself  incorporates  the  essence  of  the  digital  transformation  involved  in  the  fourth  industrial  revolution,  such  as  hyperconnectivity,  superintelligence,  and  the  convergence  of  science  and  technology  ,  in  the  healthcare  industry.  recently,  the  synergistic  combination  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  ,  cloud  computing  ,  and  big  data  technologies  ,  ,  as  well  as  existing  forms  of  information  and  communication  technology  ict  based  healthcare  e.g.,  mobile  health  mhealth  ,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  uhealth  ,  ,  and  telehealth,  has  led  to  the  notion  of  smart  health.  of  particular  note,  iot  enables  physical  devices  to  collect  and  exchange  data  in  an  automated  way.  iotenabled  smart  devices  allow  medical  centers  to  provide  preventive  care,  diagnosis,  and  treatment  more  competently.  they  provide  solutions  to  emerging  issues  in  healthcare  services,  such  as  realtime  patient  health  monitoring,  particularly  in  patients  with  acute  and  chronic  diseases  e.g.,  heart  failure,  arrhythmias,  diabetes,  and  asthma  attacks.  this  review  focused  on  recently  developed  patient  health  monitoring  platforms  based  on  iotenabled  smart  devices,  which  can  collect  patient  data  in  real  time  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring transfer  their  health  information  for  assessment  by  healthcare  providers,  including  doctors,  hospitals,  and  clinics,  or  for  selfmanagement.  we  aimed  to  summarize  the  available  information  about  recently  approved  devices  and  stateofart  developments  via  a  comprehensive,  systematic  literature  review.  in  this  review,  we  also  briefly  discuss  possible  future  directions  for  the  integration  of  cloud  computing  and  blockchain  in  smart  health,  which  may  offer  unprecedented  breakthroughs  in  ondemand  health  services.  iot  technology  now  allows  doctors  to  monitor  patient  health  data  in  real  time.  recently,  some  pioneering  studies  have  investigated  patient  health  monitoring  using  advanced  bioengineering  technologies  combined  with  an  iotembedded  device.  noninvasive  biosensors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  allow  for  realtime  patient  monitoring  promise  to  improve  patient  satisfaction,  to  increase  the  timeliness  of  care,  to  boost  treatment  adherence,  and  to  drive  improved  health  outcomes  .  for  example,  sensors  based  on  stretchable  material  enable  noninvasive  and  comfortable  physiological  measurements  by  replacing  the  conventional  methods  that  use  penetrating  needles,  rigid  circuit  boards,  terminal  connections,  and  power  supplies  .  currently,  the  need  for  noninvasive  health  monitoring  has  led  researchers  to  utilize  alternative  analytes,  such  as  tears,  urine,  sweat,  and  saliva.  among  various  emerging  breakthrough  technologies,  smartphonebased  colorimetric  analysis  appears  to  be  a  promising  platform  for  noninvasive  patient  health  monitoring  due
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  its  accessibility.  using  smartphones,  colorimetric  data  can  be  rapidly  converted  to  digital  images.  jalal  et  al.  reported  a  disposable  hybrid  microfluidic  device  for  smartphonebased  colorimetric  analysis  of  common  urine  analytes  such  as  glucose,  ph,  and  red  blood  cells.  wang  et  al.  reported  a  selfreferenced  portable  plasmonic  sensing  platform  integrated  with  an  internal  reference  sample,  along  with  an  image  processing  method  to  reduce  errors  in  smartphonebased  colorimetric  analysis.  similarly,  ra  et  al.  proposed  doughnutshaped  reference  swatches  surrounding  each  detection  pad  on  a  colorimetric  strip  and  an  algorithm  for  a  smartphonebased  application.  meanwhile,  recent  advanced  achievements  in  micro/nanofabrication,  flexible  and  stretchable
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring functional  materials,  and  wireless  communications  offer  attractive  and  versatile  capabilities  in  wearable  electrochemical  sensors.  biomarkers  in  saliva,  tears,  sweat,  and  even  exhaled  breath  provide  new  opportunities  for  noninvasive,  realtime  patient  monitoring  .  for  example,  park  et  al.  recently  reported  smart  contact  lenses  integrated  with  glucose  sensors,  wireless  power  transfer  circuits,  and  led  pixels  to  monitor  the  glucose  level  in  tears  .  although  debate  continues  regarding  the  correlation  of  glucose  levels  in  tears  with  blood  glucose  levels,  many  attempts  have  been  made  to  develop  glucose  sensors  for  tears  due  to  the  potential  tremendous  advantages  of  being  noninvasive  and  continuous,  making  them
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  appealing  potential  alternative  to  blood  tests  ,  .  for  example,  the  use  of  a  realtime  glucose  monitoring  system  led  to  meaningful  improvements  in  glycated  hemoglobin  levels  and  a  reduction  of  hypoglycemic  events  ,  thereby  improving  patients  quality  of  life  by  reducing  their  fear  of  hypoglycemia  .  in  the  meantime,  several  recently  reported  wearable  platforms  have  incorporated  perspiration  sensors  for  continuous,  noninvasive  monitoring  of  biomarkers  in  sweat  ,  .  sweat  sensors  can  provide  realtime  measurements  of  patients  metabolites  e.g.,  lactate  for  muscle  fatigue  and  glucose  ,  and  electrolytes  e.g.,  sodium,  potassium,  and  other  trace  minerals  ,  .  emaminejad  et  al.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring demonstrated  an  autonomous  sweat  extraction  and  sensing  platform  based  on  an  electrochemically  enhanced  iontophoresis  interface  .  the  iontophoresis  and  sensor  electrodes  with  a  wireless  flexible  printed  circuit  board  were  patterned  on  a  mechanically  flexible  polyethylene  terephthalate  substrate  to  form  a  stable  and  conformal  contact  interface.  gao  et  al.  ,  also  reported  an  iotembedded  sweat  monitoring  system  that  used  a  mechanically  flexible  sensor  array  for  multiplexed  in  situ  perspiration  analysis  of  parameters  such  as  sweat  metabolites,  electrolytes,  and  skin  temperature  .  iotenabled  smart  devices  for  the  noninvasive  monitoring  of  biomarkers.  a  stretchable,  transparent  smart  contact  lens  to  detect  the  glucose  level
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  tears.  electric  power,  which  activates  the  led  pixel  and  the  glucose  sensor  is  wirelessly  transmitted  to  the  lens  through  the  antenna.  in  the  device,  this  pixel  turns  off  after  detecting  a  glucose  level  in  the  tear  fluid  above  the  threshold.  reprinted  from  park  et  al.  sci  adv  2018;4:eaap9841  16  under  open  access  license  cc  bync.  b  the  iontophoresis  and  sensor  electrodes  with  a  wireless  flexible  printed  circuit  board  patterned  on  a  mechanically  flexible  polyethylene  terephthalate  substrate.  reprinted  from  emaminejad  et  al.  proc  natl  acad  sci  u  s  a  2017;114:462530  29  under  open  access  license  cc  bync.  c  electrochemical  sensors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  analyzing  the  concentration  of  glucose,  lactate,  potassium,  and  sodium  in  sweat.  wristmounted  platform  that  combines  an  array  of  sensors  with  batterypowered  electronics  for  digital  signal  acquisition  and  bluetooth  wireless  data  transmission.  reprinted  from  choi  et  al.  sci  adv  2018;4:  aar3921  30  under  open  access  license  cc  bync.  iot,  internet  of  things;  cl  ise,  chloride  ionselective  electrodes;  na  ise,  sodium  ionselective  electrodes;  pvb,  polyvinyl  butyral;  fpcb,  flexible  printed  circuit  board.  all  these  platforms  are  capable  of  sending  information  in  real  time  either  to  a  smartphone  or  directly  to  the  cloud.  until  now,  sweat  analysis  was  not  a  standard  test.  however,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring continued  miniaturization,  the  development  of  flexible  electronics,  and  improvements  in  biosensor  technology  have  made  it  a  possible  option.  research  involving  smart  health  devices  is  already  moving  the  industry  forward,  and  many  smart  health  devices  have  already  received  u.s.  food  and  drug  administration  fda  approval  .  medtronic  received  fda  clearance  for  its  mobile  patient  management  system,  which  is  intended  to  continuously  measure,  record,  store,  and  periodically  transfer  physiological  data  for  patients  who  require  monitoring  for  the  detection  of  nonlethal  cardiac  arrhythmias.  the  system  uses  a  wearable  sensor  and  patientheld  transceiver  that  sends  information  to  a  secure  server.  the  fda  has  also
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring approved  abbotts  confirm  rx  insertable  cardiac  monitor  abbott,  lake  bluff,  il,  usa,  an  implantable  cardiovascular  monitoring  device  that  continuously  tracks  patients  heart  rhythms  and  sends  the  data  to  a  smartphone  app  via  bluetooth.  the  device  is  placed  just  under  the  skin  of  the  chest  in  a  minimally  invasive  outpatient  procedure.  encoded  data  from  the  device  is  coordinated  by  the  mobile  app,  then  sent  from  the  patients  phone  to  a  physician  at  predetermined  intervals.  additionally,  sensimed  announced  that  it  received  de  novo  fda  clearance  for  its  connected  contact  lens,  triggerfish  sensimed,  lausanne,  switzerland,  which  helps  doctors  track  the  progression  of  glaucoma
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  patients.  a  soft  disposable  silicone  contact  lens  embedded  with  a  microsensor  continuously  records  spontaneous  ocular  dimensional  changes  for  a  day.  the  data  are  sent  from  the  lens  wirelessly  to  a  recorder  that  users  wear  around  their  neck.  after  the  recording  period  has  ended,  the  data  are  transmitted  from  the  recorder  to  a  doctors  computer  via  bluetooth.  andon  labs,  the  parent  company  of  ihealth  labs,  received  fda  clearance  for  its  ihealth  track  blood  pressure  monitor  ihealth  labs  inc.,  mountain  view,  ca,  usa,  a  new  smartphoneconnected  blood  pressure  cuff.  recently,  the  us  healthcare  company  mc10  received  fda  510k  clearance  for  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring biostamp  npoint  system  mc10,  lexington,  ma,  usa,  which  is  a  wireless,  biometric  data  collection  platform  intended  for  use  by  healthcare  professionals  and  researchers  for  the  continuous  collection  of  direct  and  derived  data  such  as  posture  classification  .  in  addition,  a  wearable  iot  device  to  predict  asthma  attacks  and  chronic  obstructive  pulmonary  disease  exacerbation,  adamm  intelligent  asthma  monitoring  healthcare  originals,  rochester,  ny,  usa,  is  expected  to  receive  fda  clearance  soon.  it  is  a  soft,  flexible,  waterproof,  wearable  iot  device  that  communicates  with  a  smartphone  app  and  web  portal  using  bluetooth,  wifi,  and  cellular  connections.  it  attaches  to  the  upper  torso  using
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring skinsafe  adhesive  and  tracks  precursor  symptoms  of  asthmatic  attacks,  including  cough  rate,  respiration  patterns,  heartbeat,  and  body  temperature.  all  these  systems  wirelessly  sync  with  smartphones  over  bluetooth,  providing  diagnostics  and  trends  for  patients  and  providers.  commercially  available  and  recently  approved  iotenabled  smart  devices  iot,  internet  of  things;  fda,  u.s.  food  and  drug  administration.  in  addition  to  these  recently  developed  devices,  some  iotenabled  smart  devices,  such  as  ibgstar  sanofi  inc.,  paris,  france,  pixotest  ixensor,  taipei  city,  taiwan,  and  elemark  bbb  inc.,  seoul,  korea,  are  already  commercially  available.  these  products  feature  a  patient  healthmonitoring  dongle  for  a  smartphone  or  their  own  mobile
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring device.  the  data  measured  using  the  devices  are  automatically  transferred  to  a  cloud  server,  so  that  trends  can  be  instantly  tracked,  and  results  can  be  shared  with  doctors  who  can  easily  check  the  medical  records  of  the  patients  and  consistently  give  them  feedback.  consequently,  patients  can  receive  a  customized  and  highly  personal  care  experience,  and  clinics  and  hospitals  are  able  to  address  problems  proactively  and  reduce  readmissions.  simultaneously,  shared  health  records  allow  hospitals  to  customize  their  own  patient  database  to  fit  seamlessly  into  the  standard  hospital  workflow.  the  current  developments  of  patient  health  monitoring  devices  are  readily  incorporated  into  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cloud.  cloud  connectivity  provides  substantial  healthcare  computing  features,  enables  data  storage  and  analysis,  and  allows  medical  authorities  to  be  notified  as  appropriate  .  adoption  of  the  cloud  in  healthcare  will  continue  to  evolve  and  accelerate  due  to  the  increasing  usage  of  iotenabled  smart  devices.  for  example,  ibm  announced  a  new  business  unit,  watson  health,  that  will  offer  cloudbased  access  to  its  analytical  power  for  interpreting  healthcare  data  .  the  watson  health  cloud  will  be  an  opensource  but  secure  platform  on  which  care  providers  and  researchers  can  share  and  translate  health  data  for  better  insight  into  trends,  which  will  help  them
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring make  moreinformed  decisions,  thereby  improving  overall  patient  outcomes.  recently,  google  introduced  the  cloud  healthcare  application  programming  interface  api,  which  aimed  to  make  it  easier  for  health  organizations  to  collect,  store,  and  access  health  data.  the  industrygrade  api  platform  allows  users  to  run  advanced  analytics  and  machine  learningbased  predictive  models  on  electronic  health  records.  in  addition,  google  signed  a  key  cloud  computing  deal  with  flex,  a  traded  electronics  manufacturer,  which  provides  components  for  a  huge  number  of  medical  devices  around  the  world.  at  the  same  time,  advances  in  artificial  intelligence  ai  have  led  to  improved  possibilities  for  processing  and  leveraging  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data.  most  of  all,  the  application  of  ai  in  healthcare  can  be  expected  to  have  overwhelming  impacts  on  patient  monitoring  due  to  its  predictive  capabilities  .  for  example,  ibm  watson  focuses  on  decisionmaking  support,  while  googles  ai  has  a  selfdecisionmaking  function.  numerous  smart  device  and  wearable  applications  that  use  ai  algorithms  to  monitor  an  individuals  health  are  already  available.  the  combination  of  ai  with  realtime,  remote  patient  monitoring  empowers  patients  to  assert  more  control  over  their  care,  thereby  allowing  them  to  actively  monitor  their  particular  health  conditions.  however,  healthcare  companies  still  suffer  from  a  centralized  and  decentralized  data  problem,  which
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  a  source  of  confusion  and  poses  security  and  privacy  challenges.  a  promising  and  functional  solution  to  these  challenges  is  the  use  of  blockchain,  which  provides  a  secure,  decentralized  framework  for  controlled  sharing  of  patient  information.  blockchain  enables  storing  and  exchanging  information  without  the  need  for  thirdparty  services.  every  record  stored  on  the  blockchain  is  encrypted  and  replicated  across  thousands  of  computers.  none  of  those  computers  can  access  the  content  of  that  record  because  the  decryption  key  is  in  the  hands  of  its  true  owner.  in  2017,  ibm  watson  health  announced  a  research  initiative  with  the  fda  aimed  at  applying
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring emerging  blockchain  technology  applications  towards  the  advancement  of  public  health.  the  blockchain  technology  enables  a  highly  secure,  efficient,  scalable  exchange  of  health  data  from  a  variety  of  sources,  including  clinical  trials,  genomic  databases,  and  electronic  health  records,  as  well  as  miscellaneous  iot  data  from  wearables,  apps,  and  connected  devices.  undoubtedly,  iot  technology  has  dramatically  changed  the  healthcare  industry  by  transforming  the  way  devices,  apps,  and  users  connect  and  interact  with  each  other  for  delivering  healthcare  services.  a  tangible  benefit  of  the  iot  is  realtime,  remote  monitoring  of  patient  health.  as  previously  discussed,  patient  health  monitoring  via  smart  devices  provides  solutions
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  emerging  problems  in  healthcare  services,  such  as  the  increasing  number  of  acute  and  chronic  diseases  e.g.,  heart  failure,  diabetes,  and  asthma  attacks  .  sensors  have  been  integrated  into  a  variety  of  platforms,  including  watches  ,  ,  soft  lenses  ,  ,  skin  patches  ,  wristbands,  shoes  ,  belts,  and  smartphones,  which  aim  to  collect  and  transfer  health  data  e.g.,  heartbeat,  blood  pressure,  glucose  levels,  and  body  movements.  these  data  are  stored  in  the  cloud  and  can  be  shared  with  authorized  person  such  as  physicians,  insurance  companies,  participating  health  firms,  or  external  consultants,  and  allow  them  to  look  at  the  collected
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  regardless  of  their  location,  time,  or  device.  currently,  telemedicine  continues  to  move  from  the  periphery  of  healthcare  into  the  mainstream.  telemedicine  refers  to  the  use  of  digital  ict  to  access  healthcare  services  remotely  and  to  manage  patient  health  care.  some  of  the  key  players  operating  in  the  global  telemedicine  market  are  phillips  healthcare,  ge  healthcare  ltd.,  cerner  corporation,  ibm,  mckesson  corporation,  amd  global  telemedicine,  inc.,  and  honeywell  life  care  solutions.  due  to  the  growing  demand  for  remote  patient  monitoring,  major  companies  in  the  telemedicine  market  are  focusing  on  expanding  their  services  and  intensifying  their  partnerships.  smart  health  is  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring major  upandcoming  research  topic  that  is  based  on  emerging  ict  and  has  attracted  crossdisciplinary  researchers.  the  use  of  iot  technology  helps  automate  the  entire  patient  care  workflow.  in  other  words,  iotenabled  smart  devices  have  started  to  facilitate  care  and  accurate  treatment  services  and  strategies  by  healthcare  providers,  including  doctors,  hospitals,  and  clinics.  patients  can  use  these  devices  anywhere  and  immediately  transmit  their  health  conditions  and  test  results  using  iotenabled  devices  and  integrated  apps,  making  it  easier  to  fit  testing  into  daily  life.  for  doctors,  realtime,  remote  patient  monitoring  makes  it  easier  to  stay  uptodate  and  in  contact  with  patients  without
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring inperson  visits.  in  this  review,  we  discussed  the  current  stateoftheart  patient  health  monitoring  devices  and  possible  directions  for  the  integration  of  cloud  computing  and  blockchain,  which  may  offer  unprecedented  breakthroughs  in  ondemand  health  services.  iotenabled  smart  devices  with  cloud  computing  and  blockchain  enable  a  highly  secure,  efficient,  scalable  exchange  of  health  data  from  a  variety  of  sources.  furthermore,  the  combination  of  ai  with  realtime,  remote  patient  monitoring  empowers  patients  to  assert  more  control  over  their  care,  thereby  allowing  them  to  actively  monitor  their  particular  health  conditions.  this  work  was  supported  by  the  korea  health  technology  rd  project  through  the  korea
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring health  industry  development  institute  khidi,  funded  by  the  ministry  of  health  welfare  hi14c3228  and  the  bio  medical  technology  development  program  of  the  national  research  foundation  nrf  funded  by  the  ministry  of  science  2016m3a9b6919189.  no  potential  conflicts  of  interest  relevant  to  this  article  are  reported.  full  access  to  all  the  data  in  the  study  and  takes  responsibility  for  the  integrity  of  the  data  and  the  accuracy  of  the  data  analysis:  ksl  ,  bhc  study  concept  and  design:  ksl  ,  bhc  ,  mk  acquisition  of  data:  ksl  ,  mk  ,  ep  analysis  and  interpretation  of  data:  ksl  ,  mk  drafting  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring manuscript:  mk  critical  revision  of  the  manuscript  for  important  intellectual  content:  ksl  ,  ep  statistical  analysis:  bhc  ,  mk  ,  ep  obtained  funding:  ksl  ,  mk  administrative,  technical,  or  material  support:  ksl  ,  bhc  ,  mk  ,  ep  study  supervision:  ksl  ,  bhc
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring track  and  monitor  your  remote  patient  health  applications  healthcare  providers  with  patients  outside  of  a  healthcare  facility,  like  a  hospital,  need  a  trusted  way  to  receive  data  on  the  patients  status  from  healthcare  monitoring  devices.  the  healthcare  provider  must  also  know  the  deployed  monitoring  devices  are  up  and  running,  as  a  technical  problem  could  directly  impact  the  patients  care.  remote  patient  health  monitoring  solutions  enable  healthcare  providers  to  remotely  monitor  the  status  of  a  connected  sensor,  so  the  system  can  monitor  the  health  of  the  patient.  dynatrace  provides  cloudnative  monitoring  for  connected  devices.  healthcare  providers  can  start  monitoring  their  full
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  stack  with  no  manual  configuration  in  under  five  minutes.  with  its  realuser  monitoring,  dynatrace  also  delivers  information  for  the  userfacing  side  of  an  iot  environment.  dynatrace  provides  several  apis  to  import  data  from  other  sources  so  that  its  ai  can  consider  all  relevant  data,  and  that  customers  can  find  all  information  in  one  place.  for  a  connected  healthcare  solution,  the  patient  monitoring  system  collects  and  analyzes  the  data  and  provides  it  to  the  patientas  well  as  individuals  with  access  privileges,  such  as  doctors  or  select  relativesvia  the  aws  cloud  and  an  application  interface.  heres  how  dynatrace  works  for  connected
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring healthcare:  aws  customers  who  are  easily  and  securely  connecting  devices  to  the  cloud  aws  marketplace  is  a  digital  catalog  with  thousands  of  software  listings  from  independent  software  vendors  that  make  it  easy  to  find,  test,  buy,  and  deploy  software  that  runs  on  aws.  smart  home  and  city:  device  operation  management  locate,  monitor,  and  manage  connected  devices  at  scale.  smart  home  and  city:  monitoring  and  response  automation  autocreate  work  orders  and  dispatch  crews  with  smart  monitoring  of  connected  city  assets.  smart  home  and  city:  accelerated  iot  development  accelerate  and  optimize  the  development,  deployment,  and  operation  of  smart  home  and  smart  city
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  solutions.  smart  home  and  city:  data  visualization  visualize  data  from  your  transportation  fleet  so  you  can  act  to  maintain  performance.  industrial  iot:  remote  management  and  monitoring  remotely  track,  monitor,  and  manage  your  industrial  device  fleets.  industrial  iot:  worker  safety  and  productivity  track  data  relating  to  human  movement,  location,  and  environment,  so  you  can  prioritize  areas  of  focus  for  safety  and  productivity.  industrial  iot:  predictive  maintenance  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  so  you  can  identify  potential  breakdowns.  have  questions?  have  tips?  were  here  to  help  you  get  started  with  aws  marketplace.  ask  for  or  give  advice
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  fetching  bibliography...  generate  a  file  for  use  with  external  citation  management  software.  synergistic  integration  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  cloud  computing,  and  big  data  technologies  in  healthcare  have  led  to  the  notion  of  smart  health.  smart  health  is  an  emerging  concept  that  refers  to  the  provision  of  healthcare  services  for  prevention,  diagnosis,  treatment,  and  followup  management  at  any  time  or  any  place  by  connecting  information  technologies  and  healthcare.  as  a  significant  breakthrough  in  smart  healthcare  development,  iotenabled  smart  devices  allow  medical  centers  to  carry  out  preventive  care,  diagnosis,  and  treatment  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring competently.  this  review  focuses  on  recently  developed  patient  health  monitoring  platforms  based  on  iotenabled  smart  devices  that  can  collect  realtime  patient  data  and  transfer  information  for  assessment  by  healthcare  providers,  including  doctors,  hospitals,  and  clinics,  or  for  selfmanagement.  we  aimed  to  summarize  the  available  information  about  recently  approved  devices  and  stateoftheart  developments  through  a  comprehensive,  systematic  literature  review.  in  this  review,  we  also  discuss  possible  future  directions  for  the  integration  of  cloud  computing  and  blockchain,  which  may  offer  unprecedented  breakthroughs  in  ondemand  medical  services.  the  combination  of  iot  with  realtime,  remote  patient  monitoring  empowers  patients  to  assert  more  control  over
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  this  project,  we  are  monitoring  various  parameters  of  the  patient  using  internet  of  things.  in  the  patient  monitoring  system  based  on  internet  of  things  project,  the  realtime  parameters  of  patients  health  are  sent  to  cloud  using  internet  connectivity.  these  parameters  are  sent  to  a  remote  internet  location  so  that  user  can  view  these  details  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  there  is  a  major  difference  between  and  iot  based  patient  monitoring  system.  in  iot  based  system,  details  of  the  patient  health  can  be  seen  by  many  users.  the  reason  behind  this  is  that  the  data  needs  to  be  monitored  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring visiting  a  website  or  url.  whereas,  in  gsm  based  patient  monitoring,  the  health  parameters  are  sent  using  gsm  via  sms.  this  is  one  of  the  related  to  medical  applications  which  engineering  students  can  select  as  their  final  year  project.  one  more  benefit  of  using  iot  is  that,  this  data  can  be  seen  using  a  desktop  computer,  laptop,  using  an  android  smartphone  comma  using  a  tab  or  tablet.  the  user  just  needs  a  working  internet  connection  to  view  this  data.  there  are  various  cloud  service  providers  which  can  be  used  to  view  this  data  over  internet.  things  speak,  sparkfun  and  iotgeek
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  few  famous  and  easy  to  use  service  providers  among  these.  iot  patient  monitoring  has  3  sensors.  first  one  is  a  temperature  sensor,  second  is  heartbeat  sensor  and  the  third  one  is  humidity  sensor.  this  project  is  very  useful  since  the  doctor  can  monitor  patient  health  parameters  just  by  visiting  website  or  url.  and  nowadays  many  iot  apps  are  also  being  developed.  so  now  the  doctor  or  family  members  can  monitor  or  track  the  patient  health  through  the  android  apps.to  operate  to  operate  iot  based  health  monitoring  system  project,  you  need  a  wifi  connection.  the  microcontroller  or  the  arduino  board
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connects  to  the  wifi  network  using  a  wifi  module.  this  project  will  not  work  without  a  working  wifi  network.  you  can  create  a  wifi  zone  using  a  wifi  module  or  you  can  even  create  a  wifi  zone  using  hotspot  on  your  smartphone.  the  arduino  uno  board  continuously  reads  input  from  these  3  senses.  then  it  sends  this  data  to  the  cloud  by  sending  this  data  to  a  particular  url/ip  address.  then  this  action  of  sending  data  to  ip  is  repeated  after  a  particular  interval  of  time.  for  example  in  this  project,  we  have  sent  data  after  every  30  seconds.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring arduino  uno  board  continuously  reads  input  from  these  3  senses.  then  it  sends  this  data  to  the  cloud  by  sending  this  data  to  a  particular  url/ip  address.  then  this  action  of  sending  data  to  ip  is  repeated  after  a  particular  interval  of  time.  for  example  in  this  project,  we  have  sent  data  after  every  30  seconds.  this  is  an  important  which  has  the  latest  technology  implemented  in  it.  and  it  has  many  applications  advantages  as  mentioned  below.  1  iot  healthcare  is  the  most  demanding  field  in  the  medical  area.  this  project  is  for,  elderly  person  in  our  home.  also  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  senior  citizen  living  alone  or  living  with  1  or  2  members.  this  project  really  proves  helpful  when  family  members  need  to  go  out  for  some  emergency  work.  2  disable  patients  can  use  this  project.  disable  patients  who  find  it  really  difficult  to  go  to  doctors  on  daily  basis  or  for  those  patients  who  need  continuous  monitoring  from  the  doctor.  1  iot  monitoring  proves  really  helpful  when  we  need  to  monitor  record  and  keep  track  of  changes  in  the  health  parameters  of  the  patient  over  the  period  of  time.  so  with  the  iot  health  monitoring,  we  can  have  the  database
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  these  changes  in  the  health  parameters.  doctors  can  take  the  reference  of  these  changes  or  the  history  of  the  patient  while  suggesting  the  treatment  or  the  medicines  to  the  patient.  2  hospital  stays  are  minimized  due  to  remote  patient  monitoring.  3  hospital  visits  for  normal  routine  checkups  are  minimized.  4  patient  health  parameter  data  is  stored  over  the  cloud.  so  it  is  more  beneficial  than  maintaining  the  records  on  printed  papers  kept  in  the  files.  or  even  the  digital  records  which  are  kept  in  a  particular  computer  or  laptop  or  memory  device  like  pen  drive.  because  there  are  chances
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  these  devices  can  get  corrupt  and  data  might  be  lost.  whereas,  in  case  of  iot,  the  cloud  storage  is  more  reliable  and  does  have  minimal  chances  of  data  loss.  we  can  add  a  gps  module  in  iot  patient  monitoring  using  arduino  uno  and  wifi  module  project.  this  gps  module  will  find  out  the  position  or  the  location  of  the  patient  using  the  longitude  and  latitude  received.  then  it  will  send  this  location  to  the  cloud  that  is  the  iot  using  the  wifi  module.  then  doctors  can  find  out  the  position  of  the  patient  in  case  they  have  to  take
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring some  preventive  action.  can  we  take  print  out  of  this  project  or  email  the  records?  you  have  to  save  records  from  the  website.  you  can  copy  these  records  in  excel  or  word  and  then  you  can  take  printout  or  email  yourself  this  word  file.  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  we  are  providing  electronics  projects  to  engineering  students  since  2005.  our  website  projectsof8051.com  was  launched  in  2009.  we  are  happy  to  serve  thousands  of  electronics  students  and  hobbyists  in  the  last  14  years.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  thierry  edoh  and  jules  degila  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86247  downloaded:  381  hospitals  and  nursing  care  homes  are  facing  severe  challenges  such  as  lack  of  skilled  workforces  and  cost  explosion,  among  others.  especially,  the  western  healthcare  systems  are  headed  over  a  cliff.  german  nursing  care  houses,  hospitals,  and  government  are  working  hard  on  solutions  to  overcome  the  crucial  workforces  crises.  therefore,  they  are  planning  to  hire  nursingworkforces  from  abroad.  they  would  also  like  to  motivate  families  with  monetary  incentives,  such  as  taxreduction,  if  they  can  care  for  their  elderly  and/or  dementia  family  members  at
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring home.  however,  caring  for  a  sick  person  at  home  is  challenging  for  a  working  family  member  especially  in  the  case  the  patient  requests  aroundtheclock  nursing  care  since  elderly  with  cognitive  impairments,  people  with  physical  disabilities,  and  people  with  dementia  need  medical  assistance  around  the  clock.  the  present  study  reveals  an  increasing  tendency  for  family  members  to  care  for  their  sick  family  member  at  home  despite  the  challenges  and  issues  faced  like  the  lack  of  time  to  intensively  care  for  the  sick  person  due  to  todays  family  lifestyle,  challenging  employment  market,  financial  constraints,  etc.  the  study  reported  in  this  chapter  aims
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring at  providing  family  members  willing  to  care  for  their  sick  member  at  home  as  long  as  possible  with  smart  home  automation  enabled  patienthome  solution  to  effectively  and  efficiently  care  for  their  sick  member  despite  working  full  time.  people  living  in  nursing  care  homes  can  also  take  benefit  of  the  proposed  system.  evidence  shows  the  potential  of  the  proposed  system  to  effectively  and  efficiently  assist  in  caring  for  people  requesting  nursing  care  around  the  clock.  though  the  healthrelated  quality  of  life  is  positively  impacted,  patients  satisfaction  is  increased  better  quality  of  experience.  address  all  correspondence  to:  oscar.edohgmail.com  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.86247  edited  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring yasser  ismail  nursing  care  is  facing  is  going  through  an  unprecedented  crisis  in  terms  of  lack  of  skilled  health  care  workforces.  like  all  highincome  countries  hic,  germany  is  going  through  the  said  crisis,  which  is  continuously  accentuating  year  after  year.  the  workforces  needs  for  longterm  care  in  german  nursing  houses  have  been  estimated  in  for  the  period  from  2009  to  2030,  expecting  an  increase:  from  94.000  to  331.000  professional  nursing  and  from  157.000  to  298.000  care  staff.  elke  peters  et  al.  have  estimated  in  the  number  of  people  living  in  germany  requesting  nursing  care  to  3  million  and  to  5
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring million  by  2050.  the  authors  present  a  recent  assessment  of  the  nursing  care  services  at  nursing  homes  and  at  patients  home  and  point  out  the  needs  for  patients  to  live  at  home  despite  the  benefit  of  all  care  services.  in  november  2016,  in  mondorflesbains  germany,  a  workshop  on  nursing  care  had  taken  place.  the  topic  of  the  workshop  was:  nursing  care  at  the  german  border  regions?  ger.  pflege  an  der  grenze?.  the  workshops  main  objectives  were  to  strengthen  the  social  aspect  of  nursing  care  and  to  more  consider  the  nursing  care  to  be  taken  place  at  the  place  of  residence
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  patient  because  of  the  demographic  change  and  economic  as  well  as  employment  market  policy  change.  the  said  workshop  pointed  out  that  the  share  of  family  nursing  care  also  called  care  at  home  is  very  small  in  comparison  with  ambulant  nursing  care.  this  means,  family  members  do  not  care  for  their  member  requesting  for  nursing  care.  one  of  the  main  reasons  leading  to  this  situation  is  that  the  person  requesting  nursing  care  at  home  is  living  alone.  furthermore,  direct  family  members  are  requested  to  participate  in  care  costs.  in  order  to  participate,  they  must  work  to  gain  the  necessary
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring financial  means  to  face  the  costs.  this  situation  drives  sometimes  the  family  members  to  employ  care  staff  without  or  with  beginners  care  skills  to  care  their  parents  at  home  or  they  send  their  parents  aboard  to  easteuropean  countries  since  the  nursing  care  costs  are  cheaper  there  though  caring  at  home  for  a  person  is  not  as  easy  as  one  can  think.  prof.  dr.  eckart  hammer  points  out  in  that  many  dementia  patients  are  subjected  to  violence  by  family  members  who  are  caring  for  them  at  home.  by  analyzing  this  book  section,  one  can  understand  why  the  german  government  put  effort
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  solve  the  care  workforce  issues  faced  in  order  to  admit  enough  nursing  care  requesting  people  to  the  care  or  nursing  homes.  thus,  family  members  who  are  not  able  to  care  for  their  patients  can  send  them  to  a  nursing/care  home.  they  obviously  also  want  to  help  the  family  to  decently  and  lovingly  care  for  their  patients  and  protect  the  patient  against  as  well  as  prevent  violence.  violence  can  result  from  stress  faced  by  the  caring  person.  and  the  causes  of  stress  are  multiple.  violence  also  occurs  in  nursing  care  houses.  people  with  advanced  dementia  have  complex  needs  .  schmidt
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring et  al.  have  investigated  the  needs  in  a  recent  study.  the  study  shows  the  evidence  that  people  with  advanced  dementia  are  requesting  monitoring  round  the  clock  even  for  a  simple  activity  like  food  intake.  at  nursing  care  house,  monitoring  is  guaranteed.  but  what  happens  if  those  people  are  living  at  their  regular  residence?  this  research  question  is  justified  by  the  results  carried  out  by  ,  which  point  out  the  causes  of  nursing  care  workforce  shortage  and  provide  recommendations  to  overcome  the  issues  faced.  in  ,  the  author  recommends  a  series  of  solutions  to  fix  the  workforce  shortage.  one  of  these
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring solutions  is  to  use  telemedicine  to  overcome  the  shortage  of  issues  faced.  he  writes  other  solutions  proposed  to  reduce  the  effects  of  shortages  include  the  use  of  telemedicine  to  reach  faraway  neurologists  though  this  is  unlikely  to  reduce  workloads,  the  development  of  artificial  intelligence  to  help  in  making  diagnoses,  and  expanding  neurological  care  to  include  nonneurologist  physicians  and  advanced  practitioners  specially  trained  nurses  and  physicians  assistants  the  recommended  solutions  are  intended  for  neurology,  though  some  of  them  can  suite  other  medical  fields.  using  telemedicine  to  overcome  workforce  shortage  implies  to  keep  a  patient  at  his  residence  or  at  the  care
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring unit  with  only  primary  care  services.  a  further  research  question  rising  here  is  what  is  the  quality  of  life  qol  of  patients  treated  at  home?  is  it  worth  treating  dementia  patients  at  home  instead  of  a  nursing  care  home?  rebecca  palm  et  al.  investigated  in  the  environment  as  a  factor  impacting  the  healthrelated  qol  regarding  nursing  care  for  dementia  patients.  the  study  reveals  that  the  structural  and  organizational  characteristics  of  care  units  may  impact  the  qol  though  the  study  does  clearly  prove  through  empirical  evidence  that  the  care  units  structure  and  organization  influence  the  qol.  however,  to  our  best  knowledge,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring no  study  has  investigated  the  impact  of  homecare  on  the  healthrelated  qol  based  on  the  qol  measurement  metrics  pointed  out  in  such  as  temperature,  noise,  lightning,  familiarity,  adequate  space,  and  opportunities  to  participate  in  domestic  activities  ;  it  could  be  subsequently  deduced  that  if  the  patients  residence  place  also  provides  the  same  environmental  criteria  as  temperature,  familiarity,  sufficient  food,  and  water,  etc.,  the  patient  treated  at  home  will  undergo  the  same  healthrelated  qol.  in  ,  the  authors  investigated  the  impact  smallscaled  nursing  care  homes  have  on  health  outcomerelated  qol.  they  found  out  that  moving  from  largescaled  to  a  smallscaled  nursing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring house  can  improve  the  aspect  of  the  qol  by  reducing  the  anxiety.  this  study  allows  us  to  conclude  that  a  patient  treated  at  home  in  his  family  circle  and  habituated  residence  place  has  less  anxiety  and  better  qol.  it  is  obvious  that  patients  requesting  nursing  care  can  receive  nursing  care  at  their  residence  places  with  a  better  healthrelated  qol.  the  factors  impacting  the  qol  are  well  known  though  caring  for  dementia,  parkinsons  disease,  and  elderly  patients  suffering  from  possible  cognitive  impairments  is  a  challenging  task.  the  research  question  raised  here  is  how  to  assess  the  factors  impacting  the  qol  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring better  health  outcome?  the  literature  review  on  technologies  in  nursing  care  or  commonly  in  healthcare  reveals  that  nursing  care  at  home  for  dementia  and  elderly  patients  can  take  benefit  of  the  technology  cf.  section  methodology/literature  review.  homecare  is  increasingly  getting  attention  among  the  population  for  multiple  reasons  such  as  the  nursing  care  crisis.  this  research  mainly  aims  at  proposing  smart  home  automation  enabled  personalized  homecare  solution  for  a  better  quality  of  life  qol  for  the  patient  and  for  assisting  the  patients  family  members  to  costeffectively  and  efficiently  care  for  their  patients  at  home  without  any  impairment  of  qol.  furthermore,  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring study  pursues  the  objectives  to  assess  the  impacts  of  being  assisted  by  home  automation  system  on  the  qol  of  all  involving  family  members.  this  study  contributes  to  the  multidimensionality  of  the  concept  of  the  smart  home  where  many  dimensions  of  home  automation  have  been  considered.  the  study  focuses  on  many  aspects  of  home  automation  such  as  energy  saving  ,  ,  temperature  management,  and  regulation,  security,  and  safety  by  managing  the  entrance,  control  doors,  and  windows.  additionally,  the  study  creates  an  environment  for  wellbeing  for  people  limited  in  the  movement.  the  remainder  of  the  chapter  presents  in  section  2  some  backgrounds
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  definitions.  the  research  methodology,  consisting  of  a  literature  review,  research  data,  and  system  design,  is  presented  in  section  3.  research  findings  and  discussion  are  presented  in  section  4.  section  5  handles  a  daily  personal  assistance  system,  which  is  designed  and  implemented  to  assist  patients  receiving  nursing  care  at  home  and  who  is  most  of  the  time  alone,  and  section  6  concludes  the  study.  according  to  nihuk  national  institute  of  health  united  kingdom,  a  nursing  home  provides  hospitallike  care  services  to  people  outpatients,  elderly,  palliative,  etc.  that  cannot  stay  in  the  hospital  for  any  aftercare  or  for  elderly  care.  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring nursing  home  is  a  place  for  people  who  dont  need  to  be  in  a  hospital  but  cant  be  cared  for  at  home.  most  nursing  homes  have  nursing  aides  and  skilled  nurses  on  hand  24hours  a  day.  nihuk  it  is  worth  noting  the  main  risk  factors  of  being  admitted  to  nursing  and/or  care  homes  both  are  similar  but  are  different  regarding  the  qualification  of  the  carestaff  see  care  homes  vs  nursing  homes  .  age  :  elderly  people  have  more  chance  of  being  admitted  to  a  nursing/care  home.  low  income  :  people  with  low  income  are  vulnerable  and  have  not  enough  possibilities
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  hire  private  care  workforce  to  care  for  them  at  home.  precisely  for  these  reasons,  they  have  a  higher  chance  of  being  admitted  to  a  nursing  home.  poor  family  support  :  especially  in  cases  where  the  older  adult  lacks  a  spouse  or  children.  low  social  activity  :  isolated  people  because  of  cognitive  or  agerelated  impairment.  functional  or  mental  difficulties  .  regarding  the  risk  factors  of  being  admitted  to  nursing  or  care  homes,  it  is  obvious  that  a  group  of  people  can  be  excluded  from  being  admitted  since  they  would  not  meet  the  conditions.  according  to  ,  nursing  homes  have  been
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring recommended  to  employ  higher  skilled  nurse  staffing  in  their  homes,  with  24hour  registered  nursing  care.  as  the  balcombe  care  homes  defines  on  its  website:  a  nursing  home  will  provide  all  the  daytoday  care  that  you  would  expect  from  any  care  home,  but  the  care  is  supervised  by  registered  nurses  who  are  on  duty  all  day  and  all  night.  while  care  homes  are  staffed  24hours  a  day  and  a  proportion  of  the  staff  will  be  qualified  care  assistants  with  nvqs  national  vocational  qualifications  at  level  2  or  3.  segens  medical  dictionary  defines  nursing  care  as  a  nonspecific  term  in  medicine;  among
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medically  qualified  doctors  in  the  uk,  nursing  care  generally  refers  to  procedures  or  medications  which  are  solely  or  primarily  aimed  at  providing  comfort  to  a  patient  or  alleviating  that  persons  pain,  symptoms  or  distress,  and  includes  the  offer  of  oral  nutrition  and  hydration  based  on  the  segens  medical  dictionary  definition  of  nursing  care,  nursing  care  can  be  assimilated  to  palliative  as  well  as  elderly  care.  most  elderly  people  are  requesting  nursing  care  due  to  health  conditions  such  as  cognitive  impairments  that  include  dementia,  parkinson,  blindness,  etc.  ,  .  though  their  chance  of  being  admitted  to  a  nursing  home  is  low,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring modern  technology,  as  well  as  methodology  such  as  remote  care,  can  assist  to  provide  them  with  the  needed  nursing  care  at  their  residence  place.  the  question  raised  is  how  will  this  work?  the  demographic  structure  of  the  developed  countries  dc  or  highincome  countries  hic  contains  a  large  number  of  older  from  85  years  and  elderly  from  60  years  people  than  young  people  up  to  59years  and  a  very  small  number  of  teenagers  up  to  15years  in  their  population.  the  population  of  older  adults  is  fastly  growing  in  hic  ,  whereas  the  population  in  developing  or  low  and  middleincome  countries  lmic
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  remaining  younger,  although  the  number  of  young  people  is  decreasing  see  the  example  of  uganda  .  the  median  age  in  lmic  is  around  15years  see  ,  while  the  median  age  in  the  european  union  eu  is  predicted  to  pass  from  36.5years  in  1995  to  47.6years  in  2060  with  an  increasing  tendency  .  thus,  eu  countries  are  facing  an  increasingly  elderly  population  with  all  related  needs  like  nursing  and  care  homes,  accommodated  elderly  healthcare  services,  etc.  projection  on  demographic  change  lmic  versus  hic  from  1950  to  2050  source  19.  the  term  elderly  people  is  defined  as  adults  aged  60  years,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring while  people  aged  65  years  are  considered  as  an  elder.  orimo,  hajime  et  al.  had  reviewed  the  definition  of  the  term  elderly  in  and  found  out  a  correlation  between  elderly  and  the  request  or  need  of  medium  to  severe  nursing  care.  according  to  the  conventional  definition  presented  by  the  authors  in  contrary  to  the  definition  above,  the  elderly  is  from  65  years.  conventionally,  elderly  has  been  defined  as  a  chronological  age  of  65years  old  or  older,  while  those  from  65  through  74years  old  are  referred  to  as  early  elderly  and  those  over  75years  old  as  late  elderly.  .  though  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring world  health  organization  who  considers  people  aged  60  years  as  elderly.  at  the  moment,  there  is  no  united  nations  standard  numerical  criterion,  but  the  un  agreed  cutoff  is  60  years  to  refer  to  the  older  population  .  and  arguments  follow  such  as  why  no  one  can  exactly  determine  the  age  at  which  one  has  to  be  considered  as  elderly.  in  addition,  chronological  or  official  definitions  of  aging  can  differ  widely  from  traditional  or  community  definitions  of  when  a  person  is  older.  we  will  follow  the  lead  of  the  developed  worlds,  for  better  or  worse,  and  use  the  pensionable  age  limit
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring often  used  by  governments  to  set  a  standard  for  the  definition  .  according  to  the  united  nations  projection,  about  79  of  the  world  elder  population  aged  60years  or  over  will  live  in  lmic  by  2050  .  therefore,  20  of  them  will  live  in  hic.  analyzing  the  population  distribution  figure  6  in  reveals  that  in  countries  like  germany,  population  will  count  more  aging  people  while  an  lmics  population  like  ugandas  population  will  remain  young.  as  a  conclusion,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  needs  of  nursing  and  care  homes  are  higher  in  hic  than  in  lmic.  therefore,  the  chapter  will  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring focus  on  the  nursing  situation  in  hic.  agerelated  impairment  mostly  known  as  cognitive  impairment  is  a  group  of  diseases,  which  occurs  with  advancing  age.  cognitive  impairment  can  also  occur  in  young  people.  mostly  agerelated  cognitive  impairments  are  dementia,  alzheimers,  parkinsons,  loss  of  vision,  hearing  loss,  depression,  incontinence,  etc.  obviously,  cognitive  impairment  progresses  with  advancing  age.  in  ,  the  authors  found  out  that  elderly  need  from  75  years  severe  nursing  care.  though  nursing  care  shows  the  potential  to  improve  the  individuals  quality  of  life  qol,  most  cognitive  impairments  cannot  be  cured.  the  patient,  therefore,  needs  more  attention,  for  example,  reminding  him
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  take  food  and  drink  enough  water,  and  bringing  him  to  get  socialized  again.  in  order  to  better  understand  why  these  patients  need  more  nursing  care  than  others,  it  is  worth  understanding  the  symptoms  of  some  cognitive  diseases  as  follows.  dementia  is  a  progressive  health  condition  mostly  in  elderly  people.  dementia  is  a  consequence  of  health  conditions  like  alzheimer  and  is  characterized  by  cognitive  impairment  loss  of  cognitive  capabilities  or  abilities.  the  journal  of  the  american  medical  association  defines  dementia  as  dementia  is  diagnosed  only  when  both  memory  and  another  cognitive  function  are  each  affected  severely  enough  to  interfere  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  persons  ability  to  carry  out  routine  daily  activities.  the  free  dictionary  gives  a  similar  definition  as  loss  of  cognitive  abilities,  including  memory,  concentration,  communication,  planning,  and  abstract  thinking,  resulting  from  brain  injury  or  from  a  disease  such  as  alzheimers  disease  or  parkinsons  disease.  it  is  sometimes  accompanied  by  emotional  disturbance  and  personality  changes.  regarding  the  characteristics  of  dementia,  it  is  highly  requested  to  assist  round  the  clock  people  suffering  from  such  health  condition  in  order  to  protect  them  against  any  accident  that  can  result  from  forgetfulness.  on  one  hand,  they  need  assistance,  and  on  the  other  hand,  they  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  refused  to  being  admitted  to  nursing  or  care  home.  furthermore,  keeping  these  people  at  home  remains  challenging.  family  members  caring  for  these  people  are  mostly  by  day  time  at  their  own  job.  in  this  case,  the  only  solution  is  to  employ  care/nursing  personnel  to  care  for  them  during  the  absence  of  all  family  members.  it  is  reportedly  known  that  most  care/nursing  personnel  hired  for  homecare  are  poorly  skilled  and  mostly  come  from  a  different  cultural  background  as  the  patient.  the  question  is  can  all  these  factors  impact  the  patients  qol?  especially,  can  the  cultural  differences  contribute  to  qol  loss?
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring answering  this  question  is  out  of  the  scope  of  the  present  study.  parkinsons  disease  is  one  of  the  bestknown  and  most  common  diseases  of  the  nervous  system.  it  is  a  cognitive  disease  and  mostly  related  to  advancing  age.  james  parkinson,  the  british  physician,  described  the  typical  symptoms  of  the  disease  for  the  first  time  in  1817  and  gave  his  name  to  the  disease.  like  a  most  cognitive  disease,  is  a  slowly  progressive  neurological  disease  that  affects  certain  areas  of  the  brain.  the  main  symptom  of  parkinsons  disease  is  the  movement  disorder.  people  suffering  from  parkinsons  disease  are,  therefore,  dependent  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring other  people  since  they  are  limited  in  their  movement.  furthermore,  they  can  lose  the  sense  of  smelling  and  mostly  suffer  from  dementia,  depression,  and  anxiety.  the  main  role  of  home  automation  is  to  control  and  manage  devices  at  the  local  networks  in  the  house.  it  can  enable  remote  interactions  with  the  network  in  order  to  access  some  information  or  to  set  command.  for  example,  one  can  remotely  ask  his  fridge  or  the  fridge  can  send  him  a  grocery  list.  many  technologies  are  included  in  home  automation.  technologies  like  wireless  sensor  networks,  videos,  and  connected  devices  support  smart  home  automation  paradigm.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  ,  toschi  et  al.  reviewed  the  technologies  that  enabled  a  machinetomachine  m2mbased  house  automation.  according  to  the  authors,  home  automation  is  tending  beyond  connecting  autonomous  toward  smart  process  and  devices.  in  this  section,  two  technologies  are  briefly  presented.  in  prior,  the  term  automation  is  defined.  in  ,  vasseur  and  dunkels  defined  home  automation  as  follows:  home  automation  is  an  area  of  multiple  and  diverse  applications  that  include  lighting  control,  security  and  access  control,  comfort  and  convenience,  energy  management,  remote  home  management,  and  aging  independently  and  assisted  living.  in  the  context  of  nursing  care,  home  automation  ha  is  a  network
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring system  and  application  that  includes  at  the  first  place  biosignal  monitoring,  wellbeing  control,  and  other  medical  means  like  medication  intake,  physical  exercises,  etc.  further,  ha  includes  temperature  management,  patientsafety,  and  security  by  preventing  dangerous  actions  like  leaving  furnace  or  gas  on,  going  out  without  adequate  wearing.  source  figure  23.1  in  presents  a  sample  of  home  control  devices.  in  ,  pham  et  al.  defined  smart  home  automation  as  an  environment  contextrelated  data  for  precise  health  monitoring.  they  write:  a  smart  home  environment  provides  ample  contextual  data  related  to  a  residents  health,  which  allows  more  accurate  health  monitoring  than  only  using  physiological
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring signals.  they  further  presented  cloudbased  home  automation  that  collects  biosignals  and  location  information  in  order  to  accurately  monitor  nursing  home  residents.  sample  of  home  control  devices  source:  21/figure  23.1.  the  internet  of  things  is  a  paradigm  for  autonomous  data  gathering  and  processing.  in  ,  luigi  atzori  et  al.  had  defined  the  internet  of  things  as  follows:  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  novel  paradigm  that  is  rapidly  gaining  ground  in  the  scenario  of  modern  wireless  telecommunications.  the  basic  idea  of  this  concept  is  the  pervasive  presence  around  us  of  a  variety  of  things  or  objects,  such  as  radiofrequency  identification
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rfid  tags,  sensors,  actuators,  mobile  phones,  etc.,  which,  through  unique  addressing  schemes,  are  able  to  interact  with  each  other  and  cooperate  with  their  neighbors  to  reach  common  goals.  internet  of  health  things  ioht  is  designed  for  medical  data  gathering  and  processing.  ioht  connects  unconnected  health  means  with  network  connectivity  ability.  digital  and  physical  medical  objects  can  thus  network  with  each  other  in  collaborating  for  data  collection,  processing,  and  storage.  ioht  is  a  special  case  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  that  combines  health  technologies  and  iot  and  takes  full  advantage  of  iot  technology  like  the  ability  to  initiate  actions  based
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  collected  and  analyzed  data  .  iot  finds  its  application  already  in  the  medical  world  as  istepanian  et  al.  discussed  in  .  williams  et  al.  have  defined  the  healthcare  internet  of  things  also  called  iohtinternet  of  health  things  as  the  new  embedded  sensing  capabilities  of  devices  together  with  the  availability  of  always  being  connected,  to  improve  patient  care  whilst  reducing  costs  .  the  common  architecture  of  iot  consists  of  sensors  and  actuators  called  things.  things  are  located  at  the  data  perception  level.  behind  the  things  are  placed  the  iotgateways  and  data  acquisition  systems,  followed  by  the  edge  it  and  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  center  commonly  on  a  remote  server  and  cloud.  there  are  three  03  layers:  i  perception  layer,  ii  gateway  layer,  and  iii  iot  platform  layer.  iot  has  the  potential  to  enable  home  automation  in  collecting  and  processing  data  as  well  as  to  autonomously  request  actuators  to  execute  some  tasks  for  example  temperature  control  by  regulating  the  heater  according  to  the  set  for  patient  comfortable  room  temperature.  iot  presents  various  domainspecific  architectures  that  use  various  technologies  and  areas  such  as  rfid,  serviceoriented  architecture,  wireless  sensor  network,  supply  chain  management,  industry,  healthcare,  smart  city,  logistics,  connected  living,  big  data,  cloud  computing,  social
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring computing,  and  security.  shows  an  iotenabled  healthcare  data  perception  system.  healthcare  domain  specific  iot  architecture  source:  27.  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns  find  their  use  in  smart  home  automation  application  since  a  while.  they  are  used  for  medical  application  and  devices  to  measure  the  patients  vital  parameter.  biosignals  like  body  temperature,  blood  pressure,  pulse  oximetry,  ecg,  and  breathing  activity  can  autonomously  and  eventbased  automatically  and  seamless  be  measured.  clinics,  hospitals,  and  care/nursing  homes  can  remotely  use  endpoint  devices  like  video  and  audio  devices  to  assist  family  members  to  care  for  their  sick  member  at  home.  thus,  home  automation  systems  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connected  to  medical  emergency  stations  at  clinics  and  hospitals  close  to  the  patients  residence  place  and  regularly  forward  the  patients  critical  data  gathered  by  wsms  and  bans.  how  this  works  is  presented  by  moghadam  et  al.  in  where  they  have  designed  and  implemented  a  communication  system  single  and  multiantenna  in  a  ban.  they  wrote:  an  energy  efficient  data  transmission  technique  for  communication  between  a  singleantenna  medical  sensor/microrobot  inside  the  body  to  a  multiantenna  receiver  on  the  body  surface  through  nonhomogeneous  propagation  environment.  transmitting  over  multiple  spatial  and  temporal  scales  is  challenging  in  advanced  health  informatics  though  advancement  achieved  in  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  of  things  iot  protocols  like  lorawan  with  platforms  like  the  things  network  ttn  eases  transferring  data  today.  wireless  body  area  network  wban  is  part  of  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns  that  can  enable  monitoring  and  collecting  the  patient  biosignal.  this  has  been  shown  in  a  previous  study  where  a  wireless  sensor  network  system  has  been  used  at  a  cardiologic  intensive  care  unit  cicu  for  collecting  and  monitoring,  round  the  clock,  cardiologic  activities  inpatients.  wsns  were  connected  to  the  patients  and  thus  biosignals  have  been  collected  in  real  time.  this  study  has  shown  the  feasibility  of  using  wsns  and  wbns  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring home  automation.  the  main  objectives  behind  the  research  questions  are  on  one  hand  to  investigate  the  tendency  toward  homecare  regarding  the  nursing  care  homes  and  care  workforce  shortage  and  on  the  other  hand  to  additionally  investigate  challenges  and  issues  people  are  facing  in  homecare.  homecare  is  when  family  members  care  for  their  sick  member  at  home.  the  needs  in  terms  of  appropriate  solutions  to  overcome  challenges  and  issues  faced  by  caring  for  patients  in  homecare  are  assessed.  :  what  is  the  tendency  for  homecare  regarding  the  current  nursing  care  crisis  facing  hic?  three  nursing  care  options  are  noticed  in  germany:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring i  nursing  care  residences  with  24h  registered  care  services  and  ii  homecare  with  the  assistance  of  ambulant  nursing  staff  for  a  couple  of  hours  per  day.  many  families  hire  care  personnel  from  abroad  e.g.,  yugoslavia,  budapest,  and  ukraine,  mostly  with  beginners  skills  or  no  skills  at  all  to  care  for  their  sick  parents.  family  members  also  care  for  the  patient  following  medical  instructions,  iii  regarding  nursing  care  homes  practiced  fees,  many  families  send  their  sick  parents  abroad  in  east  european  countries.  :  what  challenges  and  issues  are  facing  homecare?  caring  for  a  patient  in  homecare  can  be  challenging  for  family
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring members  since  many  patients  request  round  the  clock  nursing  care.  this  is  a  fulltime  job.  this  study  aims  at  investigating  the  challenges  and  issues  that  can  be  faced  in  such  a  situation.  :  is  it  worth  caring  for  dementia  patients  in  homecare  instead  of  at  nursing  care  home?  dementia  patients  are  forgetful.  they  can  forget  to  take  food  and  drink  water.  they  could  forget  to  turn  off  a  furnace  or  turn  on  a  heater.  regarding  these  issues,  it  is  worth  assessing  how  to  handle  dementia  patients.  :  what  is  the  quality  of  life  qol  of  patients  treated  in  homecare?  many
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring studies  investigated  the  patients  qol  in  nursing  homes.  measuring  or  assessing  the  qol  level  of  patients  in  homecare  is  not  achieved.  this  study  aims  at  assessing  it.  :  how  to  assess  the  factors  impacting  the  healthrelated  qol  for  homecare?  there  are  wellestablished  metrics  for  assessing  the  level  of  qol  in  the  nursing  context  though  patient  in  homecare  is  exposed  to  additional  environmental  means.  therefore,  it  matters  to  investigate  the  impact  of  the  qol  of  other  members  on  the  qol  of  the  patient.  furthermore,  can  noise  negatively  impact  the  qol  in  homecare?  a  grandmutter  an  elderly  will  not  be  disturbed  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  crying  grandchild.  it  is,  therefore,  important  to  analyze  which  criteria  are  contributing  to  measuring  the  qol  in  the  case  of  homecare.  :  can  the  technology  assist  to  overcome  homecarerelated  challenges  and  issues?  round  the  clock  care  cannot  be  achieved  by  one  person.  it  is  a  challenge.  previous  studies  have  shown  evidence  for  using  the  technology  in  healthcare  to  deliver  care  at  remote,  to  monitor  24h  a  day  intensive  care  patients,  etc.  many  works  have  been  achieved  regarding  mental  health  sensing  and  assessment,  etc.  in  the  present  context,  this  study  aims  at  investigating  how  home  automation  supported  solution  can  assist
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  homecare  and  overcome  challenges  and  issues  faced.  :  the  tendency  to  care  for  patients  in  homecare  is  on  increase  since  the  nursing  crisis.  the  study  would  like  to  verify  if  the  nursing  crisis  has  impacted  the  family  member  behavior.  :  smart  automation  home  technology  assists  in  homecare  and  impacts  the  qol  of  both  family  members  and  the  patient.  :  smart  home  automation  enables  to  combine  occupation  job  and  caring  adequately  efficiently  and  effectively  for  a  patient  at  home.  measuring  the  quality  of  services  of  nursing/care  homes  is  out  of  the  scope  of  this  study,  whereas  only  assessment  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patients  qol  in  homecare  before  and  after  using  the  proposed  solution  constitutes  the  scope  of  the  present  work.  this  section  presents  the  conducted  literature  review  on  the  smart  home  automation  for  healthcare  purposes.  additionally,  data  have  been  collected  using  semistructured  interview  methodology  with  the  objectives  to  answer  the  research  question  and  verify  the  hypotheses.  in  order  to  conduct  a  quantitative  and  qualitative  literature  review,  papers  have  been  sampled  using  snowball  technology.  each  found  paper  provides  with  numerous  other  papers  through  its  references.  appropriate  papers  were  thus  found  and  used  for  the  purpose  of  this  study.  papers  were  sought  on  three
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring major  bases:  i  home  automation  for  medical  applications,  energy,  security  in  the  smart  home,  and  trends  in  the  smart  home  at  cities.  beyond  the  technical  part,  papers  dealing  with  the  nursing  care  home,  homecare,  quality  of  life  in  nursing  residences,  and  user  satisfaction  toward  the  nursing  care  are  the  main  expressions  used  to  find  papers  in  the  better  academic  literature  database.  summarizes  the  important  papers  reviewed.  selected  literature  among  the  sampling.  a  semistructured  interview  was  conducted.  patients  living  at  home  as  well  as  at  nursing  care  home,  care  and  nursing  staffs,  and  people  on  the  street  were  interviewed.  the  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring collection  was  carried  anonymously  in  accordance  with  the  operative  data  privacy  regulation  in  the  country.  the  data  collection  method  has  included  questionnaires  with  a  mixture  of  closedended  yes  or  no  questions  and  openended  questions.  nursing  home  residents  and  patients  in  homecare  were  interviewed.  data  were  thus  collected  about  nursing  place  tendencies  and  healthrelated  as  well  as  patients  quality  of  life  with  regard  to  the  residence  place:  nursing  home  or  homecare.  no  data  on  the  quality  of  services  in  any  nursing  were  collected.  quality  of  experience  qoe/qox  or  the  satisfaction  level  is  commonly  based  on  a  subjective  appreciation  of  the  quality
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  services.  patients  quality  of  life  can  be  subjective  somehow.  for  example,  two  distinct  persons  can  differently  appreciate  noise  or  the  presence  of  other  people.  some  elderly  can  feel  uncomfortable  when  the  nurse  is  a  foreigner  and  ignore  some  elementary  cultural  rules.  therefore,  nursing  home  residents  were  especially  interviewed  about  their  feeling,  about  what  makes  them  feel  uncomfortable  in  order  to  detect  the  impacts  on  their  quality  of  life.  an  important  point  was  to  determine  their  subjectivity  level  toward  what  makes  them  feel  uncomfortable.  furthermore,  test  participants  were  asked  about  any  discomfort  the  system  has  caused  to  them  as  well
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  if  they  feel  observed  or  patronized.  this  approach  is  the  more  appropriate  method  to  sample  the  research  cohort  since  sensible  data  were  anonymously  collected,  and  for  this  reason,  precisely,  it  is  difficult  to  find  people  willing  to  provide  with  their  medical  data.  participants  have  been  selected  on  the  basis  of  trust  in  the  person  who  recruits  them.  summarizes  the  nursing  home  residents  cohort.  a  total  of  33  patients  were  selected  and  classified  per  age  range  and  gender.  shows  the  structure  of  the  patients  in  homecare.  a  total  of  30  patients  were  selected.  the  two  cohorts  were  interviewed  for  investigating
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  healthrelated  qol  in  nursing  homes  or  in  homecare  as  well  as  their  preference  in  terms  of  staying  at  residence  or  living  at  home  with  their  family.  nursing  home  residents  cohort  structure  and  diseases  they  are  suffering  from.  homecare  patients  cohort  structure  and  diseases  they  are  suffering  from.  presents  the  cohort  for  investigating  challenges  and  issues  faced  by  homecare.  nursing  staff  and  people  interviewed  on  the  street.  only  people  that  are  caring  or  have  cared  for  a  family  member  were  selected  to  participate.  only  staff  involved  in  homecare.  presents  an  overview  of  the  structure  of  the  testing  cohort.  according  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  elderly  people  aged  75  years  request  severe  nursing  care.  based  on  this  finding,  the  testing  cohort  is  split  into  two  groups:  i65year  old  participants  and  ii  65  year  old  participants.  all  test  participants  are  living  at  home.  participants  living  or  having  poor  family  support  as  well  as  participants  with  good  family  support  have  been  selected.  the  objective  was  to  verify  to  what  extent  the  proposed  solution  can  assist  the  patient  even  if  he  has  no  support.  furthermore,  the  limitations  of  the  proposed  system  need  to  be  tested  in  terms  of  to  what  extent  the  third  person  is  needed  so
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  they  can  fully  assist  the  patient.  the  testing  cohort.  ncd,  noncommunicable  diseases;  cd,  communicable  diseases/infectious  diseases.  no  data  collected  on  cds.  this  section  summarizes  the  different  questionnaires  used  for  the  different  surveys.  at  nursing  homes  and  at  participants  home  case  of  homecare,  the  questionnaires  were  used  in  1:1  structured  interview  followed  by  a  semistructured  interview.  distractor  or  control  questions  are  inserted  into  the  questionnaire  in  order  to  detect  discrepancies  in  the  responses  and  thus  filter  the  biased  responses  .  questionnaire  for  patients.  questionnaire  for  nocare  staff  to  check  their  tendency  for  homecare  or  nursing  care  homes.  questionnaire  for  carestaff
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  investigate  the  trend  toward  the  admission  application.  data  analysis  was  made  using  ibm  spss  statistics.  data  were  cleaned  up;  biased  responses  were  not  included  in  the  analysis.  data  dealing  with  a  tendency  for  care  at  home  as  well  as  at  nursing  were  accordingly  classified.  an  avg  of  the  scores  each  category  reaches  was  built.  before  building  the  avg,  the  different  scores  per  category  stay  at  home  or  living  at  a  nursing  residence  obtained  were  compared  with  each  other.  the  tendencies  were  plotted  for  visual  analysis.  participants  were  selected  using  a  snowball  approach.  the  action  research  methodology  was  applied  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  testing.  the  system  was  adjusted  according  to  the  results  in  a  phase  and  retested  in  the  next  phase.  the  test  lasted  one  01  week  in  the  first  phase.  data  were  collected  and  analyzed.  the  second  phase  took  one  01  week  again  and  findings  from  phase  1  were  worked  into  phase  2.  at  the  end  of  each  phase,  a  quantitative  and  qualitative  analysis  was  performed.  patients  quality  of  life  qol  and  satisfaction  level  were  measured  in  the  light  of  the  defined  metrics  .  quality  of  life  measurement  metrics.  an  important  point  was  to  involve  participants  living  alone  or  having  poor
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring family  support  as  well  as  those  who  have  good  family  support.  the  objective  to  do  so  was  to  test  if  the  system  is  well  designed  to  assist  people  living  alone  too  and  how  they  are  comfortable  toward  using  the  system  usability.  in  order  to  measure  and  asses  the  impacts  of  the  proposed  solution  on  the  quality  of  life,  a  set  of  quality  of  life  metrics  were  defined.  the  results  of  the  experiment  were  analyzed  in  light  of  these  metrics.  authorization  and  written  informed  participant  consents  were  received  from  all  major  participants  and  their  parents.  an  adhoc  ethics  committee  at  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring involved  clinics  examined  the  request  to  conduct  such  an  interview  involving  homes  residents  and  approved  it.  residents  parents  also  approved  the  study.  this  section  presents  the  study  findings  and  discusses  the  results  in  light  of  data  analytics.  the  literature  review  has  pointed  out  that  only  a  few  previous  types  of  research  consider  the  multidimensionality  of  the  concept  of  the  smart  home.  mostly  the  studies  are  focused  on  one  aspect  of  smart  home  such  as  energy  management  .  a  total  of  656  abstracts  and  239  full  papers  journal  and  conference  papers  were  reviewed.  only  41  papers  were  retained  having  met  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring requirement  of  the  present  study.  unfortunately,  only  two  papers  have  discussed  many  dimensions  of  smart  homes.  the  rest  mostly  handle  the  topic  of  energy  management  at  home.  smart  home  for  elderly  people  is  well  considered  in  many  papers,  but  the  papers  have  failed  to  consider  the  multidimensionality  of  the  concept  of  aging  at  home.  regarding  the  results,  a  novel  solution  considering  the  multidimensionality  is  therefore  highly  needed.  the  interview  with  nursing  home  residents  has  revealed  that  elderly  people  prefer  staying  at  home  in  their  familiar  and  usual  social  environment  familiarity  and  take  care  of  their  health  by  themselves  as  long
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  they  are  able  to  though  only  participants  with  good  family  support  and  those  who  have  children,  grandchildren,  and  good  social  contacts  have  the  wish  to  stay  at  home  as  long  as  possible.  however,  alone  living  people,  poor  people,  and  people  having  no  family  support  feel  comfortable  at  the  nursing  residence.  summarizes  the  results  of  the  interview.  up  to  91  of  people  living  alone  prefer  residing  in  nursing  homes,  while  more  than  91  of  people  with  good  family  support  prefer  staying  at  home  with  their  family  members.  participants  preferences  toward  living  in  nursing  homes  or  staying  at  home.  beyond  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring research  questions,  three  03  hypotheses  were  set.  one  hypothesis  concerns  the  tendency  for  homecare  as  well  as  for  nursing  care  home.  h1:  the  tendency  to  care  for  patients  in  homecare  is  on  increase  since  the  nursing  crisis.  the  study  verifies  on  the  light  of  interview  results  the  hypothesis  h1.  the  survey  was  carried  out  to  investigate  the  impact  of  the  nursing  crisis  on  the  family  member  behavior  toward  the  nursing  care  option  for  their  patients.  the  surveys  point  out  the  following  results:  there  exist  two  categories  of  care:  i  stationary  and  ii  ambulant  nursing  care  .  people  traditionally  choose  nursing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring residences  for  many  reasons:  i  many  people  are  living  alone  or  have  poor  family  support,  ii  the  patient  is  at  the  end  of  life  and  needs  severe  intensive  and  palliative  care,  iii  the  care  level  ger.  pflegestufe.  a  total  of  118  healthcare  staffs  were  interviewed.  a  total  of  397  individuals  on  the  street  were  also  interviewed.  a  total  of  56.78  of  the  interviewed  care  personnel  admitted  that  the  number  of  applicants  for  being  admitted  to  a  nursing  home  is  being  slowly  decreasing,  while  58.69  of  people  interviewed  on  the  street  prefer  to  care  for  relatives  in  homecare.  and  show  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring tendencies  of  nursing  care.  the  results  obtained  have  confirmed  the  hypothesis  h1.  tendency  viewed  by  healthcare  staff.  preference  of  caring  for  a  patient  at  home.  the  quantitative  results  regarding  challenges  and  the  number  of  people  that  reported  these  challenges  and  issues  by  caring  for  a  family  member  are  summarized  in  .  the  quantitative  data  analysis  reveals  that  very  few  people  in  home  care  are  faced  with  data  collection  issues.  this  means  data  are  rarely  collected  in  home  care.  thus,  patients  laying  at  home  do  not  produce  patientcentric  data.  the  few  data  there  produce  is  patientcentered.  it  is  though  known  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patientcentered  data  are  subjective,  incomplete,  and  sometimes  biased  ,  .  challenges  and  issues  faced  in  homecare.  number  of  participants  facing  challenges  and  issues  in  homecare.  :  smart  automation  home  technology  assists  in  homecare  and  impact  the  qol  of  both  family  members  and  the  patient.  the  testing  has  confirmed  the  hypothesis  h2  regarding  the  user  satisfactions  level  and  the  quality  of  life  qol  at  both  patient  side  and  family  side.  ,  ,  and  show  detailed  results.  comparison  of  patients  quality  of  life  before  and  after  applying  the  proposed  solution.  qol  level.  about  7  have  good  qol  among  30  patients  after  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring test  about  18  have  good  qol  among  30  patients  after  the  test  impact  of  family  support  level  on  the  patients  qol.  impact  of  family  support  on  the  qol.  comparison  of  family  members  quality  of  life  before  and  after  applying  the  proposed  solution.  :  smart  home  automation  enables  to  combine  job  outside  and  adequately  efficiently  and  effectively  care  for  the  patient  in  homecare.  the  hypothesis  is  verified.  working  family  members  can  partially,  fulltime,  work  at  home  home  office,  or  go  to  the  job  and  also  care  for  a  member.  overall,  broad  satisfaction  is  noticed  among  the  participants  and  their  relations.  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring solution  shows  positive  impacts  on  the  quality  of  life  good,  36.6  started  physical  activities  and  43.33  resocialize.  due  to  the  solution,  36.6  reconnect  to  physical  activities,  which  means  an  increment  of  23.3.  nevertheless,  about  62  remains  without  physical  activities.  the  solution  has  the  pottential  to  assist  people  in  combining  fulltime  or  parttime  job  with  caring  for  a  family  member  in  home  care.  since  many  people  aging  in  place  still  have  the  ability  and  capability  to  walk  and  can  go  out  and  back  home  alone,  the  system  assists  them  and  monitor  their  health  condition  in  order  to  timely  alerte  parents  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medical  doctors  in  the  case  of  emergency.  the  results  had  also  shown  evidence  of  improving  the  quality  of  life.  an  upcoming  paper  will  report  work  conducted  on  this  topic.  this  section  presents  the  concept  of  a  multidimensional  smart  home  automation  internet  of  health  things  for  assisting  dementia  patients  and  elderly  to  aging  well  at  home.  additionally,  the  solution  should  assist  the  patients  family  members  to  care  for  them  and  go  to  their  occupation  as  usual.  the  section  presents  the  system  requirements,  features,  concept,  and  architectural  view.  the  need  analysis  including  the  analysis  of  collected  data  leads  to  define  the  following
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring system  requirements  and  features,  which  the  smart  home  solution  for  elderly  and  dementia  patients  will  provide.  as  shown  above,  the  healthrelated  quality  of  life  qol  is  measurable  by  means  of:  the  nutrition  level  intake  of  food  and  water:  elderly  and/or  dementia  patient  is  the  most  forgetful  and  could  forget  to  take  food  and  regularly  drink  water.  this  can  cause  severe  health  issues.  medication  adherence:  medication  adherence  level  influences  patient  health  outcomes.  dementia  patient  who  adheres  to  the  prescribed  medication  could  have  comfortable  days.  physical  activities  and  socialization  level:  both  influence  the  patients  qol.  family  support:  makes  the  patient  feel  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring confident,  secure,  and  safe.  this  is  a  factor  impacting  the  patients  qol.  space  and  comfort  :  more  space  is  a  comfort  that  prevents  anxiety  in  an  individual  since  small  space  limits  activities  and  movements.  regarding  the  qol  measurement  metrics,  the  following  system  requirements  have  been  defined:  qualitatively  and  quantitatively  assess  a  patients  qol  level  provide  daily  living  assistance  support  patient  empowerment  and  autonomy  positively  impact  patients  health  outcomes  collect  patientcentric  data  and  information  for  accommodated  and  personalized  health  care  services  further,  assist  family  members  to  efficiently  and  effectively  care  for  their  sick  member  at  home  the  main  systemrelevant  requirement  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  provide  patients  with  a  cheaper,  simple,  and  better  usability  by  considering  their  cognitive  impairment  like  eye,  hearing,  and  feeling  impairment,  restricted  movement,  etc.  additionally,  the  proposed  solution  should  work  online  and  offline.  according  to  the  system  concept,  the  following  features  are  provided  to  meet  the  requirements  above.  a  designed  water  and  food  dispenser  monitors  the  patient  and  can  provide  him  with  the  food  he  needs.  the  system  ensures  that  the  patient  drinks  enough  water  so  as  to  prevent  him  from  feeling  thirsty.  day  menu  presented.  the  patient  chooses  a  menu  or  the  system  selects  3  favorites  based  on  historical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  collected.  food  is  ordered  at  the  close  restaurant  and  registered  for  the  program.  food  is  delivered.  food  is  stored  in  the  special  fridge  wafod.  at  an  appropriate  time,  the  food  is  warmed.  the  patient  is  served.  in  case  a  family  member  is  at  home  and  wants  to  care  for  the  patient,  wafod  sends  an  alert  to  the  member.  in  the  case  of  ordering  food,  then  food  order  process  will  run  otherwise  the  food  dispenser  will  run.  similar  to  food  intake,  a  drug  dispenser  is  equipped  with  a  highresolution  camera  which  logs  the  drug  intake.  a  future  extension  will  automatically
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring perform  anomaly  detection  on  recorded  films.  the  medication  intake  is  then  logged.  the  logs  are  sent  to  the  family  member  and  the  doctor.  special  tv  programs  are  displayed  at  certain  times  of  the  day  to  help  the  patient  to  train  himself.  the  patient  wears  a  bodyareanetworking  ban  equipped  with  biosensors  and  accelerometer,  which  continually  controls  the  position  of  the  patient  in  order  to  detect  if  the  patient  is  falling  down  or  lying  on  the  bed.  for  dementia  patients,  no  outdoor  program  is  set.  temperature  control  is  a  wellachieved  domain  application  in  smart  home  automation.  existing  devices  and  systems  are  added
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  the  network.  this  feature  prevents  any  noise  and  controls  the  lighting.  doors  and  windows  are  controlled  and  closed  when  too  noisy.  a  smartphonebased  application  plays  the  role  of  a  reminder  and  assistant.  it  follows  the  patient  everywhere.  based  on  the  patient  calendar,  this  application  can  autonomously  and  automatically  plan  the  whole  day  for  the  patient.  it  can  look  for  an  appointment  with  the  treating  doctor  for  the  next  medical  visit.  the  application  is  parametrizable.  this  section  presents  the  concept  of  the  proposed  systems  and  gives  an  overview  of  its  architecture.  the  system  features  i  a  data  perception  unit,  ii
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring water,  food,  and  medication  management  unit,  and  iii  outside  and  inside  activities.  iotenabled  patientmonitoring  systems  present  many  advantages  for  the  patient  and  for  treating  care  personnel.  patientcentric  data  are  collected.  personalized  care  can  be  based  on  these  data.  actually,  healthcare  professionals  base  their  treatment  on  patientcentered  data,  which  can  be  biased  since  they  are  subjective.  further  diagnoses  are  therefore  needed  or  performed  to  verify  the  patientcentered  data.  patientcentered  data  are  data  provided  by  the  patient  through  narratives,  while  patientcentric  data  are  data  collected  using  modern  information  technologies  like  wireless  body  area  network  wban  or  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns.  aging  persons
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  often  forgetful  and  thus  provide  mostly  biased  information  when  they  are  requested  to  report  on  their  health  conditions.  though  in  a  smart  home  automation  enabled  healthcare  solution  for  aging  well,  collecting  patientcentric  data  in  an  autonomous  way  is  mandatory.  in  a  previous  study  ,  various  advantages  of  collecting  patientcentric  data  were  discussed.  the  healthcare  personal  gets  a  complete  picture  of  the  patients  health  condition  and  can  thus  pose  the  right  diagnosis.  based  on  the  requirement  above,  the  proposed  concept  provides  a  patientcentric  data  collector  in  terms  of  sensors  connected  with  the  patient  that  fully  collects  any  biosignal  as  well
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  positions  data  and  sends  the  data  to  a  record  system  at  the  remote.  a  duplicated  copy  of  the  data  is  saved  on  the  local  server  and  serves  as  training  data  for  a  machine  learning  ml  routing.  additionally,  a  set  of  networking  capable  video  recorders  are  used  to  collect  the  patients  body  expressions,  behaviors,  mimic,  and  any  physical  activities.  these  data  are  also  used  by  the  ml  algorithm  to  predict  patients  behaviors,  expectations,  and  physiological  needs  like  thirst,  hunger,  going  to  the  toilet,  etc..  sensors  in  a  body  area  network  connect  the  patient  to  an  iotgateway  that  transfers  the  collected
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data,  using  the  mqtt  protocol,  to  the  local  server.  we  talk  of  edgecomputing  that  happens  at  the  edge.  collected  data  are  processed  and  stored  on  the  local  server.  using  the  coapp  protocol,  data  are  sent  to  the  cloud.  treating  care/nursing  homes  or  medical  doctor  as  well  as  patients  family  members  can  access  the  data  and  can  send  data  to  the  local  server,  which  would  use  received  data  to  regulate  some  connected  devices.  for  food  and  water  intake,  a  smart  device  is  designed.  this  device  combines  microwaves  and  the  fridge.  the  device  called  water  and  food  dispenser  wafod  with  networking  ability
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  connected  to  the  patients  smartphone  and  the  local  server,  which  in  turn  is  connected  to  a  remote  server  at  the  cloud  that  connects  the  home  to  the  outside  and  can  dispatch  information  and  data  in  the  whole  network.  wafod  can  learn  from  the  individuals  behaviors  and  preferences.  wafod  is  connected  to  the  iot  gateway  and  can  collect  data,  transfer  data,  and  receive  data  from  a  remote  unit  system  or  individual.  registered  behaviors  build  the  training  data  for  a  machine  learning  processor  ml  located  on  the  local  server,  the  master  in  the  entire  network.  the  ml  processor  predicts  patient  menus,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring proposes  menus  to  the  patient,  and  can  order  at  the  registered  restaurant  the  selected  menu.  all  proposed  services  to  the  patient  are  based  on  his  behaviors  and  preferences.  wafod  is  designed  to  remind  the  patient  to  regularly  drink  water.  it  dispenses  water  or  soft  drinks.  it  can  warm  food  and  serve  the  food  to  the  patient.  the  system  logs  each  nutrition  behavior  and  sends  at  the  end  of  the  day  an  activity  journal,  or  in  the  case  of  emergency  that  means  the  patient  does  not  drink  for  a  while  or  refuse  to  take  food,  it  alerts  the  nursing  home  close
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  the  patients  residence.  the  patient  is  provided  with  a  touchscreen  that  displays  tv  programs  and  can  display  the  pictures  of  menus  proposed  by  wafod.  the  entire  system  is  designed  following  the  internet  of  things  iot  paradigm:  i  data  collection  units  and  ii  iotgateway  place  between  the  local  server.  the  local  server  is  a  light  copy  of  the  remote  server  at  the  cloud,  which  can  perform  complex  and  memory  consuming  computing  activities;  iii  the  iot  platform  at  the  cloud.  a  copy  of  data  like  room  temperature,  updated  patients  preferences,  etc.  that  are  needed  for  any  computing  action  are  stored  at
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  local  server.  the  patient  is  provided  with  a  set  of  accelerometers  sensors  to  determine  his  position  fall  down,  laying  ,  staying,  seating,  etc..  with  the  objective  to  detect,  predict  if  the  patient  is  falling  down  or  will.  furthermore,  other  sensors  like  feuer  alrm  have  been  used  to  monitor  fire  harzard.  a  drug  dispenser  is  provided.  the  dispenser  is  connected  to  the  iotgateway  via  bluetooth.  it  features  an  alarm  and  can  remind  the  patient  to  take  his  medicine.  the  medication  intake  is  logged  and  a  protocol  is  stored  on  the  network.  family  members  can  be  informed  if  the  patient  does
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring not  take  the  medicine  on  time,  thus,  action  can  be  taken  to  help  the  patient  to  take  the  medicine.  care/nursing  homes  are  also  connected  to  the  dispenser  via  the  le  cloud  and  can  get  alerted  when  the  patient  refuses  to  take  the  medicine.  the  local  server  is  connected  to  a  touchscreen  tv.  it  can  display  physical  activity  programs,  which  can  let  the  patient  to  also  do  so,  for  example,  activities  like  a  walk  in  the  room,  some  light  movements,  etc.  elderly  people  need  real  socialization.  they  need  therefore  to  go  out  and  meet  other  people.  the  solution  proposed  feature  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smartphonebased  application  that  manages  and  looks  for  seniormeeting  close  to  residence  place.  this  application  integrates  google  maps  that  drives  the  patient  to  the  meeting  and  takes  him  back  home.  similar  is  done  with  medical  visit.  the  architectural  view  presents  4  layers  .  biosignals,  behavior,  preferences,  room  temperature,  physical  activities,  food,  water,  and  medication  intake  data  are  collected  at  this  stage  through  sensors.  the  data  collected  data  are  forwarded  to  the  aggregation  stage.  at  this  stage,  collected  data  are  aggregated,  filtered,  cleaned  up,  processed,  and  prestored.  processed  data  from  the  prior  stage  are  used  here,  but  also  forwarded  the  cloud.  stages
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a,  b,  and  c  happen  in  the  local  area  patient  residence.  in  order  to  enable  communication  with  the  remote  side,  data  are  forwarded  to  the  cloud.  a  communication  line  is,  therefore,  open  between  c  and  d.  family  members,  restaurants,  nursing  homes,  and  all  people  authorized  to  deal  with  the  stored  data  can  access  the  data  through  the  cloud.  architectural  view  of  the  proposed  system.  this  topic  will  be  discussed  in  the  upcoming  paper.  this  study  has  investigated  the  stateoftheart  of  ageing  well  at  home.  many  previous  studies  had  archived  interesting  works  on  making  the  home  comfortable  and  smarter  for  elderly
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  dementia  patients.  though  most  of  the  previous  works  have  failed  in  providing  a  complete  solution  of  smart  home  automation  multidimensionality  of  the  concept  of  the  smart  home  for  people  requesting  homecare,  this  study  covers  this  limitation  and  shows  that  smart  home  automation  can  impact  the  patients  and  his  family  members  qol  in  a  positive  way.  people  staying  alone  at  home  as  well  as  those  living  in  nursing  care  homes  would  take  benefits  from  such  a  solution.  the  future  works  aim  at  launching  a  human  hologram  in  the  program  to  assist  the  patient.  the  patient  would  though  see  a  family
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring member  and  can  receive  from  him  any  instructions  or  discuss  with  him.  as  shows,  the  presence  of  a  family  member  has  a  great  impact  on  the  patients  healthrelated  quality  of  life  and  thus  on  his  health  outcomes.  setting  and  remotely  regulating  the  room  temperature  is  well  achieved  though  patient  temperature  feeling  also  depends  on  the  treatment  he  is  under.  certain  drug  or  afterphysical  activities  make  the  patient  feel  warm  or  hot.  there  exists  no  system  that  can  automatically  and  autonomously  recognize  that  the  patients  room  temperature  is  not  more  appropriate.  therefore,  we  plan  to  design  a  wearable  that  can  verify
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring if  the  patient  is  feeling  cold  or  hot  and  thus  regulate  the  heater.  2019  the  authors.  licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject  and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.  edited  by  by  jess  jaime  moreno  escobar,  oswaldo  morales  matamoros,  hugo  quintana  espinosa,  ricardo  tejeida  padilla  and  ana  gabriela  ramez  gutirrez  edited  by  by  moussa  diallo,  rodrigue  rabineau,  laurent  cariou  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring maryline  helard  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as  business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street  london,  ec3r  6af,  uk  phone:  44  0203  972  6202  2019  intechopen.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  your  beloved  ones  becomes  a  difficult  task  in  the  modern  day  life.  keeping  track  of  the  health  status  of  the  your  patient  at  home  is  a  difficult  task.  specially  old  age  patients  should  be  periodically  monitored  and  their  loved  ones  need  to  be  informed  about  their  health  status  from  time  to  time  while  at  work.  so  we  propose  an  innovative  system  that  automated  this  task  with  ease.  our  system  puts  forward  a  smart  patient  health  tracking  system  that  uses  sensors  to  track  patient  health  and  uses  internet  to  inform  their  loved  ones  in  case  of  any  issues.  our  system
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring uses  temperature  as  well  as  heartbeat  sensing  to  keep  track  of  patient  health.  the  sensors  are  connected  to  a  microcontroller  to  track  the  status  which  is  in  turn  interfaced  to  an  lcd  display  as  well  as  wifi  connection  in  order  to  transmit  alerts.  if  system  detects  any  abrupt  changes  in  patient  heartbeat  or  body  temperature,  the  system  automatically  alerts  the  user  about  the  patients  status  over  iot  and  also  shows  details  of  heartbeat  and  temperature  of  patient  live  over  the  internet.  thus  iot  based  patient  health  tracking  system  effectively  uses  internet  to  monitor  patient  health  stats  and  save  lives  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring examples  of  using  internet  of  things  iot  in  healthcare  in  an  increasingly  connected,  fastdeveloping  world,  more  and  more  industries  are  taking  advantage  of  iot  solutions.  thats  hardly  surprising  since  such  devices  have  massive  potential,  especially  when  it  comes  to  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare.  in  fact,  many  hospitals  and  healthcare  facilities  are  already  benefiting  from  iot  applications  to  improve  operational  efficiency  and  patient  experience.  and  heres  how.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  basically  a  system  of  connected  devices  and  objects  be  it  machines,  people,  or  even  animals  with  unique  identifiers  and,  more  importantly,  the  ability  to  transfer  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring within  the  network  without  human  interference.  but  how  can  this  be  used  in  the  healthcare  industry,  then?  theres  even  a  specific  term  for  that:  the  internet  of  medical  things  iomt.  the  internet  of  medical  things  was  developed  to  allow  medical  devices  and  applications  to  collect  data  and  communicate  with  one  another  and  with  it  systems.  therefore,  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare  mainly  revolves  around  medical  equipment  integration  and  innovative  healthcare  solutions.  for  example,  thanks  to  advanced  iot  devices,  hospitals  are  able  to  control  humidity  and  temperature  within  operating  areas  or  patient  rooms,  as  well  as  keep  an  eye  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring their  critical  machinery.  such  applications  can  not  only  help  to  keep  patients  healthy  and  safe,  but  also  improve  the  way  physicians  are  performing  their  tasks  in  general.  actually,  there  are  many  different  applications  of  iot  in  healthcare  especially  since  the  emergence  of  connected  care  and  increasing  investments  to  implement  iot  healthcare  solutions  are  constantly  boosting  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  within  the  healthcare  industry.  in  fact,  by  the  year  2020,  .  iot  can  easily  be  the  ultimate  solution  for  smarter  healthcare,  making  hospitals  more  effective  in  what  they  do  and  more  pleasant  to  stay  in.  for  patients,  however,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare  can  even  be  greater  than  that.  the  main  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare  include:  essentially,  iot  is  transforming  ordinary  medical  devices  into  powerful  tools  that  can  enable  physicians  to  collect  data  in  realtime,  provide  valuable  insights,  and  even  deliver  care  remotely.  theres  no  doubt  that  there  are  many  benefits  of  iot  in  healthcare,  but  is  it  actually  common  to  take  advantage  of  such  advanced  solutions?  fortunately,  there  are  already  some  great  iot  healthcare  examples  to  follow.  in  some  cases,  there  are  strict  rules  concerning  the  way  medicine  should  be  stored  and  transported  to  stay
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring effective.  mostly  because  they  are  prone  to  excessive  heat  or  cold  which  can  affect  their  properties.  in  order  to  prevent  that  and  constantly  monitor  the  temperature  of  the  meds,  a  wireless  thermometer  connected  to  a  mobile  app  was  developed.  aims  to  help  people  who  are  using  temperaturesensitive  medications  such  as  insulin,  biologics  or  hormones,  to  keep  their  medications  safe.  the  sensor  detects  the  changes  in  the  temperature  and  notifies  the  mobile  app  users  if  they  need  to  take  action  and  place  their  drugs  elsewhere.  probably  the  most  common  example  of  the  use  of  iot  in  healthcare,  though,  is  remote  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitoring  sometimes  referred  to  as  telehealth.  in  some  cases,  it  can  even  keep  patients  out  of  the  hospital,  sparing  them  the  inconvenience  and  costs  of  frequent  visitations.  not  to  mention  that  closely  monitoring  health  makes  it  possible  to  address  chronic  diseases  and  achieve  better  outcomes  when  it  comes  to  medical  treatment.  seems  to  be  well  aware  of  that  its  a  health  monitoring  system  using  iot  advanced  sensor  technologies,  to  be  exact  and  aipowered  mobile  health  solutions  to  assist  healthcare  professionals  and  monitor  the  health  of  their  patients.  ,  and  its  efforts  to  digitize  physical  therapy  is  an  interesting  example  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring iot  in  healthcare.  to  make  physical  therapy  more  accessible  and  more  affordable  in  the  long  run,  it  basically  serves  as  a  digital  therapist  and  delivers  tailored  routines  to  people  in  their  own  homes  while  tracking  their  progress  with  a  range  of  wearable  motion  sensors.  thus,  patients  can  recover  more  easily  with  professional  help  without  going  anywhere.  the  last,  but  definitely  not  the  least,  use  of  iot  in  healthcare  that  gains  popularity  has  to  do  with  having  control  over  the  inventory,  patients,  and  staff.  being  able  to  do  so  is  important,  especially  in  times  of  crisis.  but,  the  bigger  the  facility,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  harder  it  gets  to  track  assets.  because  of  that,  many  hospitals  are  choosing  to  implement  iot  devices  for  healthcare  in  order  to  be  able  to  do  it  effectively  in  realtime.  luckily,  the  rapid  development  of  mobile  devices  that  brought  about  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  and  near  field  communication  nfc  among  others,  made  it  easier  than  ever.  according  to  the  iot  healthcare  market  research,  there  is  a  rising  demand  for  improved  patient  care  that  can  be  met  through  realtime  and  remote  monitoring  of  their  health.  this,  in  turn,  is  possible  thanks  to  proper  iot  applications  in  healthcare.  however,  even  though
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  definitely  a  game  changer  for  the  industry,  smart  healthcare  iot  comes  with  a  price.  connecting  numerous  medical  devices  generates  a  massive  amount  of  data  that  can  be  challenging  to  manage  and  kept  secure  for  a  healthcare  facility.  in  order  to  make  it  work,  hospitals  should  first  digitize  their  records,  ,  choose  the  right  manufacturers  of  iot  devices  for  healthcare,  and  possibly  hiring  additional  it  staff.  only  then  implementing  iot  healthcare  projects  can  truly  go  well.  p.s.  iot  is  commonly  used  in  other  industries  too.  see  .  marketing  coordinator  we  understand  that  creating  a  product  is  a  challenging  and  risky
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  a  great  to  display  our  sensor  data  over  the  internet  at  any  time  and  from  any  place.  the  reason  of  being  superior  to  other  iot  platform  is  that,  thingspeak  shows  realtime  data  without  lagging.  in  this  project,  we  are  going  to  make  a  .  pulse  sensor  will  detect  the  heart  rate,  and  arduino  will  send  it  to  thingspeak  using  the  .  do  check  our  amazing  projects  using  other  iot  platforms  like:  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  connections  are  given  in  the  below  table:  1  esp8266  vcc  3.3v  2  esp8266  rst  3.3v  3  esp8266  chpd  3.3v  4  esp8266  rx  tx
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 5  esp8266  tx  rx  6  esp8266  gnd  gnd  7  pulse  sensor  vcc  3.3v  8  pulser  sensor  signal  a0  9  pulse  sensor  gnd  gnd  10  led  ve  pin  9  11  led  ve  pin  gnd  for  creating  your  channel  on  thingspeak  you  first  need  to  sign  up  on  thingspeak.  in  case  if  you  already  have  account  on  thingspeak  just  sign  in  using  your  id  and  password.  for  creating  your  account  go  to  click  on  signup  if  you  dont  have  account  and  if  you  already  have  account  click  on  sign  in.  after  clicking  on  signup  fill  your  details.  after  this  verify  your  email
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring id  and  click  on  continue.  once  you  sign  in  after  your  account  verification,  create  a  new  channel  by  clicking  new  channel  button  after  clicking  on  new  channel,  enter  the  name  and  description  of  the  data  you  want  to  upload  on  this  channel.  for  example,  i  am  sending  my  heart  rate  data,  so  i  named  it  as  heart  rate  monitor.  enter  the  name  of  your  data  rate  in  field1.  if  you  want  to  use  more  fields  you  can  check  the  box  next  to  field  option  and  enter  the  name  and  description  of  your  data.  after  this  click  on  save  channel  button
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  save  your  details.  to  send  data  to  thingspeak,  we  need  a  unique  api  key,  which  we  will  use  later  in  our  code  to  upload  our  sensor  data  to  thingspeak  website.  click  on  api  keys  button  to  get  your  unique  api  key  for  uploading  your  sensor  data.  now  copy  your  write  api  key.  we  will  use  this  api  key  in  our  code.  the  .  first  of  all,  install  all  the  required  libraries  and  then  enter  your  wifi  name,  password  and  thingspeak.com  api.  define  all  the  integer  and  volatile  variables  that  will  be  used  to  calculate  the  bpmbeats  per  minute.  void
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring updatebeat  function  will  send  data  to  the  serial  monitor  and  also  publish  it  to  the  channel.  the  below  code  is  used  to  beats  per  minute.  copy  and  paste  the  above  code  into  arduino  ide  and  upload  into  arduino.  after  successful  upload,  serial  monitor  will  look  like  this:  after  this  navigate  to  the  thingspeak  channel.  your  bpm  beats  per  minute  is  uploaded  on  the  thingspeak  channel.  hence,  we  have  successfully  monitored  bpm  using  arduino  and  esp8266.  check  our  more  amazing  projects  using  thingspeak:  include  softwareserial.h  include  stdlib.h  define  debug  true  softwareserial  ser2,13;  define  ssid  wifi  name  //  enter  your  wifi  name
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring here  define  pass  wifi  password  //  enter  your  wifi  password  here  define  ip  api.thingspeak.com//  thingspeak.com  ip  string  msg  get  /update?keyyour  api  key;  //enter  your  api  key  //variables  int  error;  int  sensorpin  0;  //  connect  pulse  sensor  signal  pin  to  analog  pin  a0  int  ledpin  9;  //  connect  led  positive  pin  to  arduino  pin  9  volatile  int  bpm;  //  int  that  holds  raw  analog  in  0.  updated  every  2ms  volatile  int  signal;  //  holds  the  incoming  raw  data  volatile  int  ibi  600;  //  int  that  holds  the  time  interval  between  beats  volatile  boolean  pulse  false;  //  true  when  heartbeat  is  detected.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring false  when  not  a  live  beat.  volatile  boolean  qs  false;  //  becomes  true  when  arduino  finds  a  beat.  static  boolean  serialvisual  true;  //  set  to  false  by  default.  reset  to  true  to  see  arduino  serial  monitor  ascii  visual  pulse  volatile  int  rate10;  //  array  to  hold  last  ten  ibi  values  volatile  unsigned  long  samplecounter  0;  //  used  to  determine  pulse  timing  volatile  unsigned  long  lastbeattime  0;  //  used  to  find  ibi  volatile  int  p  512;  //  used  to  find  peak  in  pulse  wave,  seeded  volatile  int  t  512;  //  used  to  find  trough  in  pulse  wave,  seeded  volatile  int  thresh
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 525;  //  used  to  find  instant  moment  of  heart  beat,  seeded  volatile  int  amp  100;  //  used  to  hold  amplitude  of  pulse  waveform,  seeded  volatile  boolean  firstbeat  true;  //  used  to  seed  rate  array  so  we  startup  with  reasonable  bpm  volatile  boolean  secondbeat  false;  //  used  to  seed  rate  array  so  we  startup  with  reasonable  bpm  void  setup  serial.begin115200;  //or  use  default  115200.  ser.begin115200;  serial.printlnat;  ser.printlnat;  delay3000;  ifser.findok  connectwifi;  interruptsetup;  void  loop  start:  //label  error0;  updatebeat;  //resend  if  transmission  is  not  completed  if  error1  goto  start;  delay1000;  void  updatebeat  string  cmd  atcipstarttcp,;  cmd  ip;  cmd  ,80;  serial.printlncmd;  ser.printlncmd;  delay2000;  ifser.finderror
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring return;  cmd  msg  ;  cmd  field1;  cmd  bpm;  cmd  rn;  serial.printatcipsend;  ser.printatcipsend;  serial.printlncmd.length;  ser.printlncmd.length;  ifser.find  serial.printcmd;  ser.printcmd;  else  serial.printlnatcipclose;  ser.printlnatcipclose;  //resend...  error1;  boolean  connectwifi  serial.printlnatcwmode1;  ser.printlnatcwmode1;  delay2000;  string  cmdatcwjap;  cmdssid;  cmd,;  cmdpass;  cmd;  serial.printlncmd;  ser.printlncmd;  delay5000;  ifser.findok  serial.printlnok;  return  true;  else  return  false;  void  interruptsetup  //  make  sure  global  interrupts  are  enabled  isr  timer2compavect  //  triggered  when  timer2  counts  to  124  cli;  //  disable  interrupts  while  we  do  this  signal  analogreadsensorpin;  //  read  the  pulse  sensor  samplecounter  2;  //  keep  track  of  the  time  in  ms  int  n  samplecounter  lastbeattime;  //  monitor  the  time  since  the  last  beat  to  avoid
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring noise  //  find  the  peak  and  trough  of  the  pulse  wave  ifsignal  thresh  n  ibi/53  //  avoid  dichrotic  noise  by  waiting  3/5  of  last  ibi  if  signal  t  //  t  is  the  trough  t  signal;  //  keep  track  of  lowest  point  in  pulse  wave  ifsignal  thresh  signal  p  //  thresh  condition  helps  avoid  noise  p  signal;  //  p  is  the  peak  //  keep  track  of  highest  point  in  pulse  wave  if  n  250  //  avoid  high  frequency  noise  if  signal  thresh  pulse  false  n  ibi/53  pulse  true;  //  set  the  pulse  flag  when  there  is  a  pulse  digitalwriteledpin,high;  //  turn
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  pin  13  led  ibi  samplecounter  lastbeattime;  //  time  between  beats  in  ms  lastbeattime  samplecounter;  //  keep  track  of  time  for  next  pulse  ifsecondbeat  //  if  this  is  the  second  beat  secondbeat  false;  //  clear  secondbeat  flag  forint  i0;  i9;  i  //  seed  the  running  total  to  get  a  realistic  bpm  at  startup  ratei  ibi;  iffirstbeat  //  if  its  the  first  time  beat  is  found  firstbeat  false;  //  clear  firstbeat  flag  secondbeat  true;  //  set  the  second  beat  flag  sei;  //  enable  interrupts  again  return;  //  ibi  value  is  unreliable  so  discard  it  word  runningtotal  0;  //  clear  the  runningtotal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring variable  forint  i0;  i8;  i  //  shift  data  in  the  rate  array  ratei  ratei1;  //  and  drop  the  oldest  ibi  value  runningtotal  ratei;  //  add  up  the  9  oldest  ibi  values  rate9  ibi;  //  add  the  latest  ibi  to  the  rate  array  runningtotal  rate9;  //  add  the  latest  ibi  to  runningtotal  runningtotal  /  10;  //  average  the  last  10  ibi  values  bpm  60000/runningtotal;  //  how  many  beats  can  fit  into  a  minute?  thats  bpm  qs  true;  //  set  quantified  self  flag  if  signal  thresh  pulse  true  //  when  the  values  are  going  down,  the  beat  is  over  digitalwriteledpin,low;  //  turn
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring off  pin  13  led  pulse  false;  //  reset  the  pulse  flag  so  we  can  do  it  again  amp  p  t;  //  get  amplitude  of  the  pulse  wave  thresh  amp/2  t;  //  set  thresh  at  50  of  the  amplitude  p  thresh;  //  reset  these  for  next  time  t  thresh;  if  n  2500  //  if  2.5  seconds  go  by  without  a  beat  thresh  512;  //  set  thresh  default  p  512;  //  set  p  default  t  512;  //  set  t  default  lastbeattime  samplecounter;  //  bring  the  lastbeattime  up  to  date  firstbeat  true;  //  set  these  to  avoid  noise  secondbeat  false;  //  when  we
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring get  the  heartbeat  back  sei;  iotdesignpro  is  dedicated  for  electronics  engineering  community  working  on  iot  designs  and  products.  visitus  for  latest  iot  news,  articles  and  projects  on  latest  iot  technologies  and  products.  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 9,313  33  6  featured  in  this  project  we  are  going  to  make  a  using  arduino  that  will  detect  the  heart  beat  using  the  pulse  sensor  and  will  show  the  readings  in  bpm  beats  per  minute.  it  will  also  send  the  readings  to  thingspeak  server  using  the  wifi  bee  module  esp8266,  so  that  heart  beats  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere  in  the  world  over  the  internet.  is  a  great  source  for  displaying  the  data  online  and  you  can  access  the  data  from  thingspeak  at  any  time  and  at  any  place.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  provides  very  good  tool  for  iot  based  projects.  by  using  thingspeak  site,  we  can  monitor  our  data  and  control  our  system  over  the  internet,  using  the  channels  and  webpages  provided  by  thingspeak.  thingspeak  the  data  from  the  sensors,  the  data  and  by  triggering  a  reaction.  we  have  previously  used  thingspeak  in  weather  station  project  using  raspberry  pi  and  using  arduino,  check  them  to  learn  more  about  thingspeak.  here  we  are  briefly  explaining  to  use  thingspeak  for  this  beat  detection  and  monitoring  system.  the  thingspeak  service  is  operated  by  mathworks.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring wifi  beeesp8266  is  a  serialtowifi  module  using  xbee  design  in  a  compact  size,  compatible  with  xbee  slot,  applicable  to  a  variety  of  3.3v  singlechip  system.  it  can  be  used  for  arduino,  wireless  data  transfer,  remote  control.  onboard  switch  can  be  used  to  easily  select  the  startup  module  or  upgrade  firmware.  esp8266  arduino  module  has  a  powerful  onchip  processing  and  storage  capacity,  builtin  32bit  processor,  builtin  lwip  protocol  stack.  support  apsta  mode  coexist.  the  dfrobot  heart  rate  sensor  is  a  thumbsized  heart  rate  monitor  designed  for  .  this  heart  rate  monitor  sensor  is  a  pulse  sensor  which  is  developed  based  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ppg  techniques.  this  is  a  simple  and  lowcost  optical  technique  that  can  be  used  to  detect  blood  volume  changing  in  the  microvascular  bed  of  tissues.  it  is  relatively  easy  to  detect  the  pulsatile  component  of  the  cardiac  cycle  according  to  this  theory.  the  sensor  has  two  holes  that  you  can  use  to  attach  to  your  belt.  you  can  wrap  on  your  finger,  wrist,  earlobe  or  other  areas  where  it  has  contact  with  your  skin.  to  connect  these  components  with  the  arduino,  we  need  the  expansion  shield  which  can  connect  them  with  the  microcontroller  with  ease.  the  esp8266  will  connect  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring network  of  your  router  that  you  will  provide  in  the  code  and  will  send  the  data  of  the  sensor  online.  this  data  on  the  thingspeak  will  be  shown  in  a  graph  form  showing  the  past  readings  too  and  can  be  accessed  from  anywhere  over  internet.  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,594  enrolled  6  months  ago  hello,  i  wand  to  send  an  ecg  signal  from  matlab  to  thingspeak,  could  u  please  help  me  ?  thank  u  1  year  ago  can  you  provide  the  connection  diagram  please?.....  1  year  ago  how  to  make  connections  between  arduino,i/o  port  expansion
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sheild,  heart  beat  sensor  and  wifi  module?  1  year  ago  hi,  can  i  have  the  whole  circuit  diagram  ?  i  mean  the  connection  between  the  arduino  uno  rev3,  i/o  expansion  shield  for  arduino,  heart  rate  sensor  and  esp8266  wifi  bee.  1  year  ago  hi,  ive  been  wondering  if  it  could  work  without  wifi  module  ?  i  explain,  im  working  on  a  project  and  i  wish  to  send  my  ear  heart  rate  monitor  data  to  my  thingspeak  account  but  i  dont  have  wifi  shield  with  my  arduino  so  i  was  wondering  if  you  had  any  idea  on  how  i  could  do
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  ?  because  my  arduino  is  connected  to  my  computer  so  i  can  receive  the  data  and  print  my  heart  rate  on  my  screen  but  do  you  have  any  idea  to  send  it  to  my  account  ?  i  will  appreciate  your  answer  thanks  you  reply  1  year  ago  hi,  thanks  for  asking  question  well,  the  data  is  sent  to  the  computer  using  the  serial  port  in  arduino.  if  in  case  you  can  send  the  data  from  the  serial  monitor  to  the  computer,  then,  you  can  send  the  data  to  the  internet  without  wifi  shield.  if  your  computer  is  connected  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring internet  and  the  arduino  supports  the  ethernet  port,  then  also,  you  can  to  same  thing  like  the  one  in  the  project.  on  arduino  uno,  it  not  possible.  i  hope  the  answer  help  you  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  read  up  about  this  project  on  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  upload  the  sketch  given  into  arduino  and  make  sure  that  you  receive  data  in  the  serial  monitor:  for  mac:  for  linux  /  raspberry  pi:  run  following  commands  on  your  terminal  to  install  packages  the  end
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring spani  classfa  faeye/i  /span  in  this  project  we  are  going  to  make  a  that  will  detect  the  heart  beat  using  the  pulse  sensor  and  will  show  the  readings  in  bpm  beats  per  minute  on  the  lcd  connected  to  it.  it  will  also  send  the  readings  to  thingspeak  server  using  the  wifi  module  esp8266,  so  that  heart  beats  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere  in  the  world  over  the  internet.  is  a  great  source  for  displaying  the  data  online  and  you  can  access  the  data  from  thingspeak  at  any  time  and  at  any  place.  we  have  previously  built  a  without  showing  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  internet.  this  time  we  have  used  thingspeak  to  monitor  the  system  over  internet,  and  this  will  put  this  project  into  .  first  of  all  we  will  connect  the  .  esp8266  runs  on  3.3v  and  if  you  will  give  it  5v  from  the  arduino  then  it  wont  work  properly  and  it  may  get  damage.  connect  the  vcc  and  the  chpd  to  the  3.3v  pin  of  arduino.  the  rx  pin  of  esp8266  works  on  3.3v  and  it  will  not  communicate  with  the  arduino  when  we  will  connect  it  directly  to  the  arduino.  so,  we  will  have  to  make  a  voltage  divider
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  it  which  will  convert  the  5v  into  3.3v.  this  can  be  done  by  connecting  three  resistors  in  series  like  we  did  in  the  circuit.  connect  the  tx  pin  of  the  esp8266  to  the  pin  9  of  the  arduino  and  the  rx  pin  of  the  esp8266  to  the  pin  10  of  arduino  through  the  resistors.  esp8266  wifi  module  gives  your  projects  .  it  is  a  very  cheap  device  and  make  your  projects  very  powerful.  it  can  communicate  with  any  microcontroller  and  it  is  the  most  leading  devices  in  the  .  learn  more  about  .  then  connect  the  .  the  connections
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  pulse  sensor  are  very  easy.  pulse  sensor  has  three  pins.  connect  5v  and  the  ground  pin  of  the  pulse  sensor  to  the  5v  and  the  ground  of  the  arduino  and  the  signal  pin  to  the  a0  of  arduino.  then  connect  the  led  to  pin  13  of  arduino.  you  do  not  have  to  connect  a  resistor  with  because  the  arduino  has  built  in  resistor  at  pin  13.  in  last,  we  will  .  the  connections  of  the  lcd  are  as  follows  connect  pin  11  d4  to  pin  5  of  arduino.  connect  pin  12  d5  to  pin  4  of  arduino.  connect
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pin  13  d6  to  pin  3  of  arduino.  connect  pin  14  d7  to  pin  2  of  arduino.  provides  very  good  tool  for  .  by  using  thingspeak  site,  we  can  monitor  our  data  and  control  our  system  over  the  internet,  using  the  channels  and  webpages  provided  by  thingspeak.  thingspeak  the  data  from  the  sensors,  the  data  and  by  triggering  a  reaction.  we  have  previously  used  thingspeak  in  and  ,  check  them  to  learn  more  about  thingspeak.  here  we  are  briefly  explaining  to  use  thingspeak  for  this  first  of  all,  user  needs  to  create  a  account  on  thingspeak.com,  then  .  after  creating
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring an  account,  go  to  channels  and  .  now  write  the  name  of  the  channel  and  name  of  the  fields.  also  tick  the  check  box  for  make  public  option  below  in  the  form  and  finally  save  the  channel.  now  your  new  channel  has  been  created.  after  this  go  to  api  keys  and  copy  your  write  api  key.  you  will  need  this  in  the  code.  check  the  at  the  end.  first  we  need  to  attach  the  pulse  sensor  to  any  organ  of  body  where  it  can  detect  the  pulse  easily  like  finger,  check  the  video  below.  then  the  pulse  sensor  will  measure
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  change  in  volume  of  blood,  which  occurs  when  every  time  heart  pumps  blood  in  the  body.  this  through  that  organ.  the  arduino  will  then  convert  this  change  into  the  heart  beat  per  minute  bpm.  the  led  connected  at  pin  13  will  also  blink  according  the  heart  beat.  the  esp8266  will  then  communicate  with  the  arduino  and  will  send  the  data  to  thingspeak.  the  esp8266  will  connect  the  network  of  your  router  that  you  will  provide  in  the  code  and  will  send  the  data  of  the  sensor  online.  this  data  on  the  thingspeak  will  be  shown  in  a  graph  form
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring showing  the  past  readings  too  and  can  be  accessed  from  anywhere  over  internet.  the  lcd  connected  will  also  show  you  the  bpm.  first  of  all,  add  the  libraries.  software  serial  library  is  for  enabling  the  rx  and  tx  at  pin  9  and  pin  10.  the  default  rx  and  tx  pins  of  arduino  are  pin  0  and  1  but  if  you  want  to  enable  it  at  other  pins  that  you  will  have  to  use  the  software  serial  library.  then  initialize  the  liquid  crystal  library  liquidcrystal.h  and  declare  the  pins  at  which  you  have  connected  the  lcd.  enter  the  wifi  name,  password
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  ip  address  of  esp8266.  then  enter  the  api  key  from  thingspeak  that  you  saved  earlier.  the  following  code  will  start  the  lcd  and  will  set  the  baud  rate.  enter  the  baud  rate  according  to  your  esp8266.  every  esp8266  has  its  own  baud  rate.  some  have  baud  rate  of  9600,  some  have  115200  or  other.  following  function  void  updatebeat  will  send  the  data  at  the  ip  address  that  we  have  entered  and  also  will  set  the  data  in  the  field  we  set  for  heart  beat.  the  following  code  will  connect  the  esp8266  with  the  wifi  network  that  you  entered  earlier
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  then  it  will  use  this  network  to  send  the  data  to  the  thingspeak.  the  following  code  will  read  the  sensor  and  will  convert  the  output  of  the  sensor  into  heart  beat  per  minute  bpm.  it  will  also  blink  the  led  connected  at  the  pin  13  according  to  the  bpm.  further  check  the  below,  code  has  been  well  explained  by  comments  can  be  easily  understandable.  include  softwareserial.h  define  debug  true  softwareserial  esp82669,10;  include  liquidcrystal.h  include  stdlib.h  liquidcrystal  lcd12,11,5,4,3,2;  define  ssid  your  wifi  name  //  ssidwifiname  define  pass  your  wifi  password  //  password  define  ip  184.106.153.149//  thingspeak.com  ip  string  msg  get
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring /update?key9ys21nu0hy5ys1iku;  //change  it  with  your  api  key  like  get  /update?keyyour  api  key  //variables  float  temp;  int  hum;  string  tempc;  int  error;  int  pulsepin  0;  //  pulse  sensor  purple  wire  connected  to  analog  pin  0  int  blinkpin  13;  //  pin  to  blink  led  at  each  beat  int  fadepin  5;  int  faderate  0;  //  volatile  variables,  used  in  the  interrupt  service  routine  volatile  int  bpm;  //  int  that  holds  raw  analog  in  0.  updated  every  2ms  volatile  int  signal;  //  holds  the  incoming  raw  data  volatile  int  ibi  600;  //  int  that  holds  the  time  interval  between  beats  must  be  seeded  volatile
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring boolean  pulse  false;  //  true  when  heartbeat  is  detected.  false  when  not  a  live  beat.  volatile  boolean  qs  false;  //  becomes  true  when  arduino  finds  a  beat.  //  regards  serial  output  set  this  up  to  your  needs  static  boolean  serialvisual  true;  //  set  to  false  by  default.  reset  to  true  to  see  arduino  serial  monitor  ascii  visual  pulse  volatile  int  rate10;  //  array  to  hold  last  ten  ibi  values  volatile  unsigned  long  samplecounter  0;  //  used  to  determine  pulse  timing  volatile  unsigned  long  lastbeattime  0;  //  used  to  find  ibi  volatile  int  p  512;  //  used  to  find  peak  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pulse  wave,  seeded  volatile  int  t  512;  //  used  to  find  trough  in  pulse  wave,  seeded  volatile  int  thresh  525;  //  used  to  find  instant  moment  of  heart  beat,  seeded  volatile  int  amp  100;  //  used  to  hold  amplitude  of  pulse  waveform,  seeded  volatile  boolean  firstbeat  true;  //  used  to  seed  rate  array  so  we  startup  with  reasonable  bpm  volatile  boolean  secondbeat  false;  //  used  to  seed  rate  array  so  we  startup  with  reasonable  bpm  void  setup  lcd.begin16,  2;  lcd.printcircuitdigest.com;  delay100;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printconnecting...;  serial.begin9600;  //or  use  default  115200.  esp8266.begin9600;  serial.printlnat;  esp8266.printlnat;  delay5000;  ifesp8266.findok  connectwifi;  interruptsetup;  void  loop  lcd.clear;  start:  //label
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring error0;  lcd.setcursor0,  0;  lcd.printbpm  ;  lcd.printbpm;  delay  100;  lcd.setcursor0,  1;  //  set  the  cursor  to  column  0,  line  2  delay1000;  updatebeat;  //resend  if  transmission  is  not  completed  if  error1  goto  start;  //go  to  label  start  delay1000;  void  updatebeat  string  cmd  atcipstarttcp,;  cmd  ip;  cmd  ,80;  serial.printlncmd;  esp8266.printlncmd;  delay2000;  ifesp8266.finderror  return;  cmd  msg  ;  cmd  field1;  cmd  bpm;  cmd  rn;  serial.printatcipsend;  esp8266.printatcipsend;  serial.printlncmd.length;  esp8266.printlncmd.length;  ifesp8266.find  serial.printcmd;  esp8266.printcmd;  else  serial.printlnatcipclose;  esp8266.printlnatcipclose;  //resend...  error1;  boolean  connectwifi  serial.printlnatcwmode1;  esp8266.printlnatcwmode1;  delay2000;  string  cmdatcwjap;  cmdssid;  cmd,;  cmdpass;  cmd;  serial.printlncmd;  esp8266.printlncmd;  delay5000;  ifesp8266.findok  serial.printlnok;  return  true;  else  return  false;  void  interruptsetup  tccr2a  0x02;  //  disable  pwm  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring digital  pins  3  and  11,  and  go  into  ctc  mode  tccr2b  0x06;  //  dont  force  compare,  256  prescaler  ocr2a  0x7c;  //  set  the  top  of  the  count  to  124  for  500hz  sample  rate  timsk2  0x02;  //  enable  interrupt  on  match  between  timer2  and  ocr2a  sei;  //  make  sure  global  interrupts  are  enabled  isrtimer2compavect  //  triggered  when  timer2  counts  to  124  cli;  //  disable  interrupts  while  we  do  this  signal  analogreadpulsepin;  //  read  the  pulse  sensor  samplecounter  2;  //  keep  track  of  the  time  in  ms  int  n  samplecounter  lastbeattime;  //  monitor  the  time  since  the  last  beat  to  avoid  noise
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring //  find  the  peak  and  trough  of  the  pulse  wave  ifsignal  thresh  n  ibi/53  //  avoid  dichrotic  noise  by  waiting  3/5  of  last  ibi  if  signal  t  //  t  is  the  trough  t  signal;  //  keep  track  of  lowest  point  in  pulse  wave  ifsignal  thresh  signal  p  //  thresh  condition  helps  avoid  noise  p  signal;  //  p  is  the  peak  //  keep  track  of  highest  point  in  pulse  wave  //  now  its  time  to  look  for  the  heart  beat  //  signal  surges  up  in  value  every  time  there  is  a  pulse  if  n  250  //  avoid  high  frequency  noise  if
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring signal  thresh  pulse  false  n  ibi/53  pulse  true;  //  set  the  pulse  flag  when  there  is  a  pulse  digitalwriteblinkpin,high;  //  turn  on  pin  13  led  ibi  samplecounter  lastbeattime;  //  time  between  beats  in  ms  lastbeattime  samplecounter;  //  keep  track  of  time  for  next  pulse  ifsecondbeat  //  if  this  is  the  second  beat  secondbeat  false;  //  clear  secondbeat  flag  forint  i0;  i9;  i  //  seed  the  running  total  to  get  a  realistic  bpm  at  startup  ratei  ibi;  iffirstbeat  //  if  its  the  first  time  beat  is  found  firstbeat  false;  //  clear  firstbeat  flag  secondbeat  true;  //  set  the  second  beat  flag
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sei;  //  enable  interrupts  again  return;  //  ibi  value  is  unreliable  so  discard  it  word  runningtotal  0;  //  clear  the  runningtotal  variable  forint  i0;  i8;  i  //  shift  data  in  the  rate  array  ratei  ratei1;  //  and  drop  the  oldest  ibi  value  runningtotal  ratei;  //  add  up  the  9  oldest  ibi  values  rate9  ibi;  //  add  the  latest  ibi  to  the  rate  array  runningtotal  rate9;  //  add  the  latest  ibi  to  runningtotal  runningtotal  /  10;  //  average  the  last  10  ibi  values  bpm  60000/runningtotal;  //  how  many  beats  can  fit  into  a  minute?  thats  bpm  qs  true;  //  set  quantified
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring self  flag  //  qs  flag  is  not  cleared  inside  this  isr  if  signal  thresh  pulse  true  //  when  the  values  are  going  down,  the  beat  is  over  digitalwriteblinkpin,low;  //  turn  off  pin  13  led  pulse  false;  //  reset  the  pulse  flag  so  we  can  do  it  again  amp  p  t;  //  get  amplitude  of  the  pulse  wave  thresh  amp/2  t;  //  set  thresh  at  50  of  the  amplitude  p  thresh;  //  reset  these  for  next  time  t  thresh;  if  n  2500  //  if  2.5  seconds  go  by  without  a  beat  thresh  512;  //  set  thresh  default  p  512;  //  set
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring p  default  t  512;  //  set  t  default  lastbeattime  samplecounter;  //  bring  the  lastbeattime  up  to  date  firstbeat  true;  //  set  these  to  avoid  noise  secondbeat  false;  //  when  we  get  the  heartbeat  back  sei;  //  enable  interrupts  when  youre  done  //  end  isr  circuitdigest  highly  recommends  for  circuit  design  and  pcb  prototype  cheap  pcb  prototype:  only  8.21  for  10pcs,100x100mm  pcbs,  23  days  delivery  subscribe  below  to  receive  most  popular  news,  articles  and  diy  projects  from  circuit  digest  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  your  projects  are  very  useful  for  me.  thank  you  so  much.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  gud  evng  mr.vijayan,  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  need  the  actual  img..coz  the  mobile  clicked  img  is  different  then  the  actual  shown
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connection  diagm...so  please  refer  me  the  actual  connection  diagram  with  transister  been  present  in  ckt  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  i  create  an  account  in  think  speak  do  i  require  any  authorization?..  can  i  create  it  in  my  computer.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  it  gives  bpm235
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  more  than  it  ..plz  help  me  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  also  getting  bpm190  and  more  than  it.you  made  any  corrections  regarding  to  this  issue?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  how  can  i  transfer  to  thingspeak  if  i  dont  use  the  lcd....is  it  work  to  use
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  code...or  i  must  delete  something  sketch  .thanks  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  thank  you  very  much  sir,  your  project  is  very  useful.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  sir  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  m  too  facing  the  same  problem...  the  error  is  expected  constructor  and  destructor  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  if  i  connect  to  internet,  it  gives  bpm235  and  more  than  it...  if  not  connect,  it  gives  bpm  7090.  plz  help  me...  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  we  use  thingspeak  to  display  ecg  signalnot  heart  beat  count,  if  we  using  ecg/emg  shield  biofeedbackarduino  unoesp8266..  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  think  its  very  much  possible  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  tried  to  recreate  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring but  the  lcd  is  not  giving  me  any  writings  and  im  getting  this  error  message  in  code  ifesp8266.findok  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  sir  im  facing  the  problem...  the  error  is  expected  constructor  and  destructor  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  if  i  use  node  mcu  instead  of  esp
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 8266,  will  there  any  problem?  plz  rply  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hello  this  is  my  last  year  project.  here  wifi  module  can  not  connecting  plz  help  me  how  can  it  connect?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  when  i  compile  your  code  i  am  getting  error  as  expected
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring constructor,  destructor,  or  type  conversion  before  token  in  the  line  isrtimer2compavect  //  triggered  when  timer2  counts  to  124  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  dont  get  anything  in  the  lcd  and  also  the  courbe  just  i  get  atcipstarttcp,184.106.153.149,80  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  como  podria  enviar  los  datos
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring de  thingspeak  al  correo  electronico  ?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  sir,  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  someone  send  the  complete  code  of  this  with  working  and  how  to  solve  this  errorifesp8266.findok  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  sir,  can  i  get  the  full  coding  for  this  project.  because  something  going  wrong  with  it.  need  is  for  my  project.  thank  you  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  kindly  share  the  document  of  this  projectwith  the  abstract,proposed  system  and  existing  system.  email  :  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  regarding  api  through  thingspeak:  should  we  be  using  the  read  api  or  the  write  api?  regarding  esp8266:  how  do  you  determine  its  baud  rate?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  when  i  compile  your  code  i  am  getting  error  as  expected  constructor,  destructor,  or  type  conversion  before  token  in  the  line  isrtimer2compavect  //  triggered  when  timer2  counts  to  124
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring mousers  latest  ebook  examines  nxps  use  of  ai  to  reshape  solutions  and  products  for  the  future.  features  a  deepcover  embedded  security  solution  to  cloak  sensitive  data.  protect  against  voltage  transients  from  lightning  and  other  transient  voltage  events.  function  in  passthrough,  forced  continuous,  pulseskipping,  and  burst  mode  operations.  1.5a  switchmode  battery  charge  management  and  system  power  path  management  device.  contains  a  ch101  sensor  on  a  small  pcb  and  is  based  on  chirps  patented  mems  technology.  offer  an  ip67  waterproof  rating,  a  300vrms  voltage  rating,  and  a  ul94hb  flame  rating.  offer  500  mating  cycles  min.,  ip2x  finger  protected  contacts,  and  are  ip67
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sealed  when  mated.  the  can  transceiver  and  arbitration  logic  in  this  ti  design  support  can  fd  speed  up  to  2mbps.  small  6mm  form  factor  pcb  width  with  integrated  protection  and  resistance  temperature  detector.  8channel,  groupisolated,  digital  input  module  design  for  industrial  functional  safety.  this  design  showcases  the  lmg1020,  lowside  nanosecond  gan  gate  driver  capable  of  driving  a  fet.  this  design  features  sic  mosfets  with  switching  loss  to  enable  higher  dc  bus  voltages  of  up  to  800v.  reference  design  from  texas  instruments  for  hev/ev  onboard  charter  and  energy  storage  applications.  our  ics  reference  designs  enable  smarter  and  safer  ac  charging  stations
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  electric  vehicles.  beneficial  where  power  density,  cost,  weight  and  high  voltage  conversion  ratio  are  critical  factors.  connect  with  us  on  social  media  and  stay  updated  with  latest  news,  articles  and  projects  sign  up  for  latest  news
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring these  days  we  have  an  increased  number  of  heart  diseases  including  increased  risk  of  heart  attacks.  our  proposed  system  users  sensors  that  allow  to  detect  heart  rate  of  a  person  using  heartbeat  sensing  even  if  the  person  is  at  home.  the  sensor  is  then  interfaced  to  a  microcontroller  that  allows  checking  heart  rate  readings  and  transmitting  them  over  internet.  the  user  may  set  the  high  as  well  as  low  levels  of  heart  beat  limit.  after  setting  these  limits,  the  system  starts  monitoring  and  as  soon  as  patient  heart  beat  goes  above  a  certain  limit,  the  system  sends  an  alert  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  controller  which  then  transmits  this  over  the  internet  and  alerts  the  doctors  as  well  as  concerned  users.  also  the  system  alerts  for  lower  heartbeats.  whenever  the  user  logs  on  for  monitoring,  the  system  also  displays  the  live  heart  rate  of  the  patient.  thus  concerned  ones  may  monitor  heart  rate  as  well  get  an  alert  of  heart  attack  to  the  patient  immediately  from  anywhere  and  the  person  can  be  saved  on  time.  hardware  specifications  software  specifications  for  new  inquiry
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  project  tutorial  by  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  upload  the  sketch  given  into  arduino  and  make  sure  that  you  receive  data  in  the  serial  monitor:  for  mac:  for  linux  /  raspberry  pi:  run  following  commands  on  your  terminal  to  install  packages  the  end  please  or  to  comment.  and  26  others
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  rather  convenient  device  to  monitor  heart  rate  while  running.  project  tutorial  by  a  photoresistor  can  sense  the  subtle  changes  in  light  intensity  caused  by  your  blood  to  detect  your  heartbeat  project  tutorial  by  time  to  monitor  your  goods  using  our  system  get  realtime  updates,  so  you  can  buy  what  you  want.  project  tutorial  by  windows  arduino  application  for  monitoring  mph  and  vibration  of  jet  engine  using  reed  sensor,  softpwm,  and  predictive  analytics.  by  build  an  arduino  heart  rate  monitor  with  a  max30102  sensor  and  a  16x2  lcd.  project  tutorial  by  with  mkr1000  and  azure  iot  hub,  stm32f4  discovery  board
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring heart  beat  detection  and  monitoring  system  using  arduino  that  will  detect  the  heart  beat  using  the  dfrobots  heart  rate  sensor  to  make  the  experience  fit  your  profile,  pick  a  username  and  tell  us  what  interests  you.  this  project  was  created  on  10/01/2017  and  last  updated  2  years  ago.  provides  very  good  tool  for  iot  based  projects.  by  using  thingspeak  site,  we  can  monitor  our  data  and  control  our  system  over  the  internet,  using  the  channels  and  webpages  provided  by  thingspeak.  thingspeak  the  data  from  the  sensors,  the  data  and  by  triggering  a  reaction.  we  have  previously  used  thingspeak  in  weather
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring station  project  using  raspberry  pi  and  using  arduino,  check  them  to  learn  more  about  thingspeak.  here  we  are  briefly  explaining  to  use  thingspeak  for  this  the  thingspeak  service  is  operated  by  mathworks.  creating  the  channel.  note  the  api  key  of  the  channel.  wifi  beeesp8266  is  a  serialtowifi  module  using  xbee  design  in  a  compact  size,  compatible  with  xbee  slot,  applicable  to  a  variety  of  3.3v  singlechip  system.  it  can  be  used  for  arduino,  wireless  data  transfer,  remote  control.  onboard  switch  can  be  used  to  easily  select  the  startup  module  or  upgrade  firmware.  esp8266  arduino  module  has  a  powerful  onchip  processing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  storage  capacity,  builtin  32bit  processor,  builtin  lwip  protocol  stack.  support  apsta  mode  coexist.  the  dfrobot  heart  rate  sensor  is  a  thumbsized  heart  rate  monitor  designed  for  this  heart  rate  monitor  sensor  is  a  pulse  sensor  which  is  developed  based  on  ppg  techniques.  this  is  a  simple  and  lowcost  optical  technique  that  can  be  used  to  detect  blood  volume  changing  in  the  microvascular  bed  of  tissues.  it  is  relatively  easy  to  detect  the  pulsatile  component  of  the  cardiac  cycle  according  to  this  theory.  the  sensor  has  two  holes  that  you  can  use  to  attach  to  your  belt.  you  can  wrap
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  your  finger,  wrist,  earlobe  or  other  areas  where  it  has  contact  with  your  skin.  to  connect  these  components  with  the  arduino,  we  need  the  expansion  shield  which  can  connect  them  with  the  microcontroller  with  ease.  the  esp8266  will  communicate  with  the  arduino  and  will  send  the  data  to  thingspeak.  the  esp8266  will  connect  the  network  of  your  router  that  you  will  provide  in  the  code  and  will  send  the  data  of  the  sensor  online.  this  data  on  the  thingspeak  will  be  shown  in  a  graph  form  showing  the  past  readings  too  and  can  be  accessed  from  anywhere  over  internet.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 1.  this  product  is  not  a  professional  medical  device  and  should  not  be  used  to  diagnose  or  treat  medical  conditions.  2.  this  sensor  is  designed  to  work  when  the  user  is  not  moving.  if  used  while  moving  it  will  give  inaccurate  results.  ino  403.00  bytes  10/01/2017  at  17:47  ino  7.97  kb  10/01/2017  at  17:47  .  hi,  im  getting  an  error  when  i  try  to  run  it.  how  can  i  fix  this?  error:  avr/interrupt.h:  no  such  file  or  directory  compilation  terminated.  to  follow  this  project  and  never  miss  any  updates  you  are  about  to  report  the  project  heart  rate  monitor  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring thingspeak  iot  platform  ,  please  tell  us  the  reason.  your  application  has  been  submitted.  are  you  sure  you  want  to  remove  yourself  as  a  member  for  this  project?  project  owner  will  be  notified  upon  removal.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring please  enter  your  details  below  and  we  will  send  you  an  email  when  this  item  is  back  in  stock.  you  will  only  be  emailed  about  this  product  16.00  discount  15.20  14.50  12.90  you  have  choosen:  total  amount:  a  interface  is  adapted  to  allow  plugplay  to  ease  the  barrier  of  usage.  the  is  the  best  option  to  connect  this  heart  rate  sensor  with  your  or  other  microcontrollers.  besides,  this  sensor  can  also  be  compatible  with  ,  ,  joule  and  curie  by  means  of  3.3v  input  voltage.  iot  based  heart  rate  monitoring  system  is  a  very  basic  project  on  sending  the  pulse
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rate  to  blynk  application  and  monitoring  it  from  anywhere.  project  1.  how  to  make  a  heart  rate  monitor  a  diy  heartrate  wereable  in  a  running  tshirt  that  vibrates  when  your  heartrate  is  high,  using  dfrobot  components:  component  list:  16.00  qty  15.20  14.50  12.90
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring reset  your  password  if  you  have  a  user  account,  you  will  need  to  reset  your  password  the  next  time  you  login.  you  will  only  need  to  do  this  once.  .  you  do  not  need  to  reset  your  password  if  you  login  via  athens  or  an  institutional  login.  article  breadcrumb  tile  start  start  copyright  end  copyright  ,  ,  article  breadcrumb  tile  end  start  focus  issue  title  end  focus  issue  title  247  share  this  article  institute  of  technologybaghdad,  middle  technical  university,  baghdad,  iraq  salam  khalaf  abdullah  2019  iop  conf.  ser.:  mater.  sci.  eng.  518  052016  for  high  precision  and  low  cost,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring heart  rate  monitor  system  by  using  nodemcu  was  invented  which  can  be  used  in  several  applications  such  as  patient  treatment  and  monitoring  in  places  away  from  the  center  of  cities  for  the  initial  diagnosis  purpose,  elderly  health  care  or  sport  training.  in  this  paper  a  new  system  for  detecting  and  remote  monitoring  cardiovascular  pulse  wave  was  invented  which  depends  on  the  nodemcu  board  which  is  builtin  a  wifi  module  with  an  easy  pulse  sensor.  in  this  proposed  system  the  easy  pulse  sensor  which  has  been  used  for  detecting  of  heart  rate  and  send  it  to  nodemcu  board  which  transmits  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  to  the  intended  destination  using  the  internet.  the  basic  work  of  heartbeat  sensor  used  in  this  design  depends  on  the  principle  of  photo  plethysmography  to  obtain  vital  information  of  the  heartbeat  from  the  skin  surface.  the  calculation  of  heart  beat  was  done  using  two  methods,  first  by  tracking  the  peaks  in  the  ppg  waveform  while  the  second  way  by  calculate  the  frequency  of  the  digital  output  wave  form  which  is  simultaneous  to  the  heart  rate  pulse.  the  preliminary  result  show  that  the  new  system  is  more  reliable  and  lower  cost  compare  with  other  system  based  on  iot  microcontroller  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring gives  good  and  optimum  results.  content  from  this  work  may  be  used  under  the  terms  of  the  .  any  further  distribution  of  this  work  must  maintain  attribution  to  the  authors  and  the  title  of  the  work,  journal  citation  and  doi.  ieee  international  conference  on  technological  innovations  in  ict  for  agriculture  and  rural  development  international  journal  of  advanced  research  in  electronics  and  communication  engineering  ijarece  4  south  asian  journal  of  engineering  and  technology  2  international  journal  on  computer  science  and  engineering  3  ieee  18th  international  symposium  on,  2015  international  conference  on,  2012  international  journal  of  bioscience  and  biotechnology  8  international  journal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  read  up  about  this  project  on  this  project  displays  the  heart  rate  at  the  unit  of  beats  per  minute  over  the  internet  so  that  it  can  be  monitored  from  anywhere.  upload  the  sketch  given  into  arduino  and  make  sure  that  you  receive  data  in  the  serial  monitor:  for  mac:  for  linux  /  raspberry  pi:  run  following  commands  on  your  terminal  to  install  packages  the  end
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  department  of  health  and  human  development,  stefan  cel  mare  university,  suceava  720229,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  faculty  of  electronics,  telecommunications  and  information  technology,  gheorghe  asachi  technical  university  from  iai,  iai  700050,  romania  department  of  ece,  karunya  institute  of  technology  and  sciences,  coimbatore,  tamilnadu  641114,  india  division  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  science,  ton  duc  thang  university,  ho  chi  minh  city  700000,  vietnam  faculty  of  information  technology,  ton  duc  thang  university,  ho  chi  minh  city  700000,  vietnam  this  paper  presents  a  system  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  heart  activity  parameters  using  electrocardiography  ecg  mobile  devices  and  a  wearable  heart  monitoring  inductive  sensor  whmis  that  represents  a  new  method  and  device,  developed  by  us  as  an  experimental  model,  used  to  assess  the  mechanical  activity  of  the  hearth  using  inductive  sensors  that  are  inserted  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes.  only  one  inductive  sensor  is  incorporated  in  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring area  and  it  is  able  to  assess  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  while  in  the  prior  of  the  art  are  presented  methods  that  predict  sensors  arrays  which  are  distributed  in  more  places  of  the  body.  the  parameters  that  are  assessed  are  heart  datarate  and  respiration.  the  results  are  considered  preliminary  in  order  to  prove  the  feasibility  of  this  method.  the  main  goal  of  the  study  is  to  extract  the  respiration  and  the  datarate  parameters  from  the  same  output  signal  generated  by  the  inductancetonumber  convertor  using  a  proper  algorithm.  the  conceived  device  is  meant  to  be  part  of  the  wear  and  forget  equipment
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring dedicated  to  monitoring  the  vital  signs  continuously.  nowadays,  the  internet  of  things  iot  through  which  a  network  of  smart  objects  work  together  in  collecting  and  analyzing  big  collections  of  data  and  autonomously  perform  actions  is  becoming  real,  thanks  to  the  machinetomachine  m2m  technology  .  globally,  m2m  connections  will  grow  nearly  threefold,  from  4.9  billion  in  2015  to  12.2  billion  by  2020,  accounting  for  nearly  half  46  of  all  connected  devices,  including  medical  devices.  for  2020,  the  installed  base  of  internet  of  things  devices  is  forecast  to  grow  to  almost  31  billion  worldwide  .  the  medical  area  will  grow  fivefold,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring fastest,  from  144  million  connections  in  2015  to  729  million  in  2020  .  there  are  many  applications  of  iot  in  medicine,  including  in  electrocardiography  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  chronic  disease  management  is  important  for  the  selfmanagement  of  health  and  the  iot  concept  plays  a  significant  role.  personal  medical  devices  need  two  features:  applications  that  use  network  protocols  and  intelligent  services  to  achieve  them.  however,  most  have  only  one  function:  to  indicate  data  and  save  them  temporarily.  this  paper  suggests  a  smart  health  service  model  that  gives  a  concrete
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring response  to  an  individual.  to  do  this,  we  have  introduced  a  collaborative  protocol  that  transfers  risk  factors  between  iot  and  personal  medical  devices.  ubiquitous  health  uh  is  a  model  where  individual  medical  data  were  measured  by  ubiquitous  uhd  personal  medical  devices,  then  sent  to  a  dedicated  server  to  provide  answers  to  medical  staff  and  patients.  the  intelligent  clothes  represent  a  paradigm  that  gains  a  large  area  in  peoples  life.  the  technological  progress  determines  an  easy  implementation  of  models  in  wearable  devices,  the  wearability  being  a  needed  feature  of  intelligent  clothes  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  .  smart  textiles  are  defined  as  textile  products,  such  as  fibers,  filaments,  and  yarns  together  with  woven,  knitted  or  nonwoven  structures,  which  can  interact  with  the  environment/user  .  this  interaction  implies  changes  in  certain  values  of  electric  or  electromagnetic  fields  modifying  the  values  of  physical  parameters  such  as  resistances,  capacitances,  and  inductances.  we  can  talk  about  capacitive  smart  textiles  by  applying  conductive  paint  on  a  fabric  in  a  configuration  of  capacitor  electrodes  ,  ,  ,  the  capacitances  values  being  determined  by  a  relative  position  of  an  object  related  to  the  surface  of  the  electrodes.  the  smart  textile  concepts  imply
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring two  directions  of  development:  implementing  of  passive  components  like  resistors  by  conductive  tissues,  inductances  by  coil  shape,  and  capacitive,  but  also,  we  should  take  into  account  the  possibility  to  implement  active  components  like  transistors.  in  this  case,  we  can  imagine  a  configuration  of  the  circuits  distributed  on  the  surface  and  in  the  volume  of  the  clothes.  a  capacitive  sensorial  structure  was  conceived  in  order  to  detect  the  rollpitchyaw  rotations  of  the  neck  and  hands.  the  capacitive  sensor  was  positioned  on  the  collar  and  on  the  sleeves  of  the  clothes  and  an  accelerometric  sensor  was  dedicated  to  determining  the  neck  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring trunk  movements.  the  accelerometric  sensor  is  placed  on  the  collar,  in  the  cervical  zone,  close  to  the  capacitive  sensors  .  an  inductive  proximity  sensor  is  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  mechanical  heart  activity  by  inserting  a  planar  inductive  sensor  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex  zone.  the  displacements  of  the  chest  tissues  during  systole  and  diastole  phases  are  seen  as  inductive  changing  values  that  are  converted  into  digital  numbers.  the  paper  presents  an  ecg  electrocardiographybased  monitoring  system  using  an  acquisition  device  of  the  ecg  signals  to  which  electrodes  are  attached  using  wires  that  will  be  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring contact  with  the  patients  skin  over  the  sampling  period  and  also  an  accelerometer  device.  this  system  supports  the  following  functions:  ecg  signal  acquisition,  heart  rate  monitor,  respiration  rate  measurement  based  on  impedance  pneumography  see  .  the  device  dedicated  to  monitoring  the  heart  activity  consists  of  a  planar  inductive  sensor  that  is  inserted  in  the  fabric  and  is  connected  to  a  ldc  circuit  inductive  to  digital  convertor,  of  a  microcontroller  that  gathers  the  inductive  data  and  sends  them  by  an  rf  module  to  a  server.  one  inductive  sensor  only  is  incorporated  in  the  clothes  in  front  of  the  apex  area  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  is  able  to  assess  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  while  in  the  prior  of  the  art  are  presented  methods  that  predict  sensors  arrays  which  are  distributed  in  more  places  of  the  body.  smart  clothing  for  electrocardiography  ecg  .  the  heart  activity  monitoring  using  wearable  biosensors  has  as  a  goal  the  continuous  assessment  of  cardiovascular  parameters  ,  ,  .  an  advanced  photoplethysmographic  technique  is  presented  in  .  this  technique  adopts  as  a  monitoring  device  a  ring  that  incorporates  a  sensorial  structure  which  is  able  to  measure  the  heart  parameters  such  as  heart  rate,  oxygen  saturation,  and  heart  rate  variability.  wearable  electrocardiogram  systems
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring represent  the  most  mature  wbs  technology.  .  the  same  devices  are  used  in  order  to  store  ecg  signals  for  a  determined  time  period  being  able  to  generate  outputs  for  heart  rate  and  respiration.  dedicated  integrated  circuits  with  these  functionalities  have  been  developed  we  would  like  to  mention  here  adas1000  from  analog  devices.  the  movements  of  the  tissues  are  detected  by  acceleration  sensors  which  could  be  used  in  order  to  identify  and  to  reduce  the  motion  artifacts  .  a  planar  inductive  sensing  element  flat  spiral  which  is  inserted  in  the  clothes  in  order  to  detect  the  vital  parameters  heartrate  and  respiration
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  presented  in  .  the  simulation  of  the  theoretical  model  was  performed  by  comsol  multiphysics  comsolab,  u.s.a.,  magnetic  field  model.  the  principle  of  operation  consists  of  two  stages:  the  first  step  was  to  evaluate  the  induced  eddy  current  by  the  excitation  of  an  external  coil,  and  the  second  step  was  to  evaluate  the  induced  magnetic  fields  by  an  eddy  current.  .  the  presence  of  a  coil  on  a  fabric  offers  the  privilege  to  use  the  coil  as  an  antenna  with  two  functionalities:  sensing  element  and  data  transfer  element  .  another  functionality  could  be  charging  coil  for  the  accumulators  when  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring clothes  are  not  worn.  in  a  method  dedicated  to  monitoring  cardiorespiratory  activity  is  presented  that  is  based  on  the  magnetic  induction  technique.  the  paper  mentions  that  the  capacitance  between  the  coil  and  the  body  denominated  c  did  not  influence  the  output  signal,  but  during  the  physical  activity  this  distance  is  not  constant,  therefore,  in  our  opinion,  the  distance  between  the  sensor  and  the  thoracic  plan  has  a  large  influence  on  the  output  signal  value.  the  differences  between  and  our  paper  consist  of:  in  more  sensors  are  used  in  order  to  determine  the  changes  of  the  thoracic  impedances,  these  changes  being
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring caused  by  cardiorespiratory  activity.  in  this  paper,  we  used  only  a  sensor  that  is  positioned  in  front  of  the  apex  and  assesed  the  cardiorespiratory  activity  based  on  the  changing  of  the  thoracic  impedance  and  of  the  distance  between  the  sensor  and  thoracic  surface.  these  parameters  influence  the  inductance  value  of  the  sensor,  this  value  is  measured  using  a  very  sensitive  inductance  to  digital  convertor  ldc1612.  in  inductive  sensors  based  on  the  microcontroller  msp430f5435a  are  conceived  and  implemented.  in  this  work,  we  used  a  dedicated  inductancetodigital  convertor  ldc1612  that  has  very  good  sensitivity  and  measurement  resolution  up  to  28  bits.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  device  for  monitoring  the  pulse  by  measurement  the  bioimpedance  of  the  thumb  based  on  magnetic  induction  principle  is  described.  an  inductive  sensor  is  placed  on  the  thumb,  as  a  ring,  this  method  is  an  alternative  for  the  photoplethysmographic  sensors.  this  monitoring  technique  is  able  to  determine  the  pulse  only.  greencardio  is  a  dedicated  system  to  monitor  the  heart  activity  parameters  using  various  mobile  or  wearable  devices  that  are  connected  to  a  cloud.  the  system  consists  of  a  set  of  heart  monitoring  devices  wearable  heart  monitoring  inductive  sensor  whmis,  mobile  electrocardiograph  device,  med,  being  available  to  connect  other  kinds  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring peripherals,  a  data  server  and  an  application  that  represents  a  software  platform  for  remote  ecg  investigation  that  is  able  to  collect,  centralize  and  diagnose  ecg  investigations.  the  application  runs  as  follows  :  greencardioiot  system  .  workflow  description  creating  a  new  patient  form  in  the  application  in  the  fd  family  doctor  module  if  the  patient  has  not  been  registered  beforehand.  connecting  the  ecg  equipment  to  the  patient,  controlling  the  ecg  device  through  the  fd  module  in  order  to  complete  the  ecg  investigation  and  collect  the  results  in  the  local  data  base;  visualizing  the  results  of  the  investigation  in  the  fd  module
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ecg  graph;  transmitting  information  regarding  the  patient  identification  data,  family  doctor  and  the  results  of  the  investigation  to  the  central  server;  receive  and  store  information  on  the  central  server;  run  automated  analysis  algorithms  on  the  central  server;  showing  information  automated  analysis  results  alerts  in  the  monitoring  screen/specialist  doctor.  automated  prediagnosis  the  functionality  allows  the  doctor  to  perform  a  series  of  automated  tests,  that  will  ultimately  result  in  annotations  on  the  graph,  in  order  to  help  the  specialist  doctor  to  better  diagnose.  the  application  has  a  prediagnosis  analysis,  the  classification  of  cardiac  beats  and  viewing  according  to  a  predetermined  classification.  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring clicking  on  a  button  in  the  specialist  doctor  menu,  the  special  signal  line  will  be  given  annotations  in  relation  to  several  predetermined  classes:  atrial  extra  systole  0  normal  beat  1  left  branch  block  2  rightleft  branch  block  3  ventricular  extra  systole  4  aberrant  intraventricular  conduction  6  stimulated  ventricular  rhythm  8  fusion  beat  9  in  a  future  version  the  following  prediagnosis  analyses  will  also  be  implemented:  r  wave  detection.  computing  the  cardiac  frequency  with  alert  creation  at  frequencies  larger  than  130  beats  per  minute  or  lower  than  40  beats  per  minute.  an  error  in  cardiac  frequency  calculus  of  10  beats/minute  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring admitted.  computing  the  cardiac  rhythm  variation  on  a  variable  number  of  cardiac  complexes.  alerts  will  be  shown  on  a  variation  lower  or  higher  than  20  of  the  cardiac  rhythm  and  the  graphical  marking  of  the  area.  complex  qrs  detection.  for  each  recording,  a  maximum  of  nine  complex  qrs  misses  will  be  acceptable.  computing  the  median  of  the  qrs  complex.  alert  generation  at  a  median  value  of  the  qrs  complex  duration  higher  than  120  milliseconds.  this  software  component  has  been  created  as  a  desktop  application  that  will  be  run  on  one  or  more  computers  at  the  monitoring  center.  through  this  application,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  specialist  doctor  has  instant  access  to  information  regarding  the  medical  form,  current  ecg  investigation,  and  a  complete  history  of  past  ecg  investigations  performed  on  a  patient,  regardless  of  the  patients  location  or  the  previous  family  doctor.  the  specialist  doctor,  through  this  component,  gains  access  to  visualizing  and  analysis  instruments  to  be  applied  to  the  investigation  result.  based  on  these,  the  specialist  doctor  may  formulate  recommendations  or  alerts,  which  can  be  sent  instantly  to  the  family  doctors  office  on  the  investigation  page,  the  family  doctor  can  select  the  desired  measurement  instrument  depending  on  time  and  signal  strength.  this  can  be
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring achieved  by  checking  the  measurement  box.  press  the  left  mouse  button  and  hold  to  select  the  desired  section  to  be  measured.  the  wearable  sensor  designs  require  some  critical  issues  to  be  achieved  as:  very  low  power  consumption,  small  sizes,  data  storage,  and  data  transfer  capabilities,  local  data  processing,  and  durability.  the  fulfillment  of  these  conditions  gives  the  portable  sensors  the  quality  of  wear  and  forget  devices.  the  classification  of  the  body  movement  intensity  is  difficult  to  be  performed  during  the  daily  activity.  therefore,  the  results  obtained  during  slow  motion,  as  they  are  presented  in  ,  are  encouraging  but  they  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring not  good  enough  to  ensure  a  proper  monitoring  for  all  activities,  this  is  one  reason  why  we  recommend  to  use  such  sensors  for  the  repose  and  sleep  activities  only.  an  ldc1612  circuit  is  used  as  inductancetodigital  convertor,  as  it  has  a  resolution  of  28  bits  and  is  able  to  gather  inductance  data  through  two  channels.  the  interface  between  ldc1612  and  a  host  microcontroller  is  performed  by  i2c  communication  protocol  a.  experimental  model  block  scheme:  flowchart  of  the  embedded  software  of  inductive  data  acquisition  and  data  transfer  .  the  architecture  of  the  experimental  model  consists  of  a  microcontroller,  an  ldc  convertor,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  a  coil  implemented  in  a  planar  configuration.  in  this  version  of  implementation,  the  coil  is  attached  on  the  fabric  in  front  of  the  apex.  the  maximum  effect  of  the  heart  activity  can  be  detected  in  this  thoracic  region.  an  lc  resonant  is  the  core  of  the  inductive  sensor  circuit  that  induces  an  em  field  and  its  intensity  is  determined  by  inductance,  capacitance,  and  frequency  values.  an  object  that  is  in  the  proximity  of  the  sensor  has  an  influence  on  it,  according  to  the  electromagnetic  properties  .  we  consider  a  planar  spiral  to  be  an  optimal  shape  of  the  inductance
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  order  to  be  easily  inserted  in  the  fabric  of  the  clothes.  a  planar  spiral  inductance  is  usually  found  in  rf  circuits  with  several  profiles:  square,  circular,  or  polygonal.  one  expression  of  the  planar  spiral  inductance  according  to  is:  where:  l  inductance  nh  davg  average  diameter  of  coil  mm  k1,  k2  layout  coefficients  fill  factor  n  number  of  turns  ldc1612  is  a  high  resolution  28  bits  inductancetonumber  convertor.  the  interface  between  the  circuit  and  the  microcontroller  unit  is  performed  by  the  i2c  interface.  the  functionality  is  based  on  measuring  the  oscillation  frequency  of  multiple  lc  resonators  .  ldc1612  meets  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring parametric  conditions  required  by  a  wearable  device.  the  current  consumption  in  sleep  mode  is  under  one  microampere  and  in  normal  mode  it  is  1.5  milliampere.  the  range  of  power  supply  is  2.73.6  v,  which  can  be  powered  by  a  long  life  or  rechargeable  lithiumion  battery.  the  datarate  of  i2c  interface  is  400  kbps  and  the  datarate  conversion  is  about  4  ksps  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  aducrf101  is  a  microcontroller  unit  that  has  a  cortex  m3  core  incorporated  and  a  configurable  rf  module.  the  current  consumption  in  sleep  mode  is  under  one  microampere.  the  source  code  of  the  microcontroller  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring described  in  c  language  and  is  compiled  by  keil  tool.  the  program  execution  follows  the  successive  operations  described  in  the  flowchart  b,  respectively.  label  1  represents  the  functions  of  initialization  for  the  aducrf101  microcontroller  and  for  the  ldc1612  convertor.  the  setting  of  the  microcontroller  consists  of:  clock  frequency  to  4  mhz,  rf  frequency:  868  mhz,  rf  datarate:  300  kbps,  length  of  the  data  stream:  24  bytes.  ldc1612  is  set  up  to  work  in  continuous  mode.  inductive  data  are  stored  in  the  internal  ram  location  as  vectors  having  a  length  of  24  bytes.  the  electric  field  intensity  of  the  sensor  electrodes,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring simulated  with  beladraw  1.0  software  for  an  interdigital  capacitance  without  water  probe  the  electric  field  intensity  of  the  sensor  electrodes,  simulated  with  beladraw  1.0  software  for  an  interdigital  capacitance  with  water  probe  .  the  data  are  sent  to  a  data  concentrator  that  is  connected  to  a  laptop  and  are  saved  as  text  format.  in  order  to  avoid  errors  during  the  data  transfer,  a  crc  algorithm  is  used.  all  the  circuits  are  powered  by  a  3.6  v  battery  of  and  an  energy  capacitance  of  2700  mah.  the  average  current  during  data  acquisition  is  about  6  ma  and  during  data  transfer,  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  about  36  ma  for  an  rf  power  of  13  dbm.  the  human  biological  tissues  are  mostly  composed  of  water.  the  heart  and  the  brain  consist  of  about  73  water,  the  lungs  83  and  the  bones  contain  about  30  water  .  based  on  the  influence  of  water  on  the  electrical  and  electromagnetically  field  parameters,  proximity  sensors  were  conceived.  the  parameter  of  the  electrical  field  that  is  strongly  influenced  by  water  is  the  electrical  permittivity,  respectively  r.  the  presence  of  a  water  body  in  the  proximity  of  capacitance  will  strongly  influence  it,  increasing  its  value.  reference  presents  the  influence  of  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring water  probe  on  a  planar  capacitive  sensor  as  simulation  results  using  beladraw  1.0  software  a,b.  when  a  water  probe  is  near  electrodes,  at  a  distance  of  1  mm,  the  capacitance  value  increases  to  5.902  pf.  the  proximity  capacitive  sensors  have  a  very  good  sensitivity,  but  a  disadvantage  is  the  influence  of  environmental  humidity  on  the  measurement  accuracy.  in  clothes  applications,  for  example,  perspiration  is  a  factor  to  be  considered.  in  the  case  of  the  electromagnetic  field,  the  influences  of  various  materials  that  are  found  are  increasing,  decreasing  or  have  no  influence  on  the  permeability  parameter  r.  the  water  diamagnetic  property
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring will  have  as  an  effect  a  decreasing  of  the  inductance  value,  therefore,  when  the  sensor  approaches  the  tissues  the  value  is  less  than  when  the  sensor  is  placed  at  a  larger  distance  a.  inductive  proximity  sensor:  simulated  model.  ch0activated  inductive  proximity  sensor:  simulated  model,  ch1activated  .  activating  ch0  determines  the  value  of  the  inductance  by  the  femm  simulator  as  3.45406  h  and  when  ch1  sensor  is  activated  a,b  the  value  of  its  inductance  is  3.50515  h.  the  water  has  a  negative  permeability  due  to  its  diamagnetic  properties.  the  main  component  of  the  portable  device  is  the  specialized  integrated  circuit  adas1000
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring made  by  analog  devices,  which  can  work  with  3,  4  or  10  electrodes  in  a  masterslave  configuration  in  order  to  obtain  results  on  3,  5  or  12  leads.  the  block  diagram  includes  a  microcontroller,  the  adas1000  circuit,  a  gsm/gprs  communication  module,  an  accelerometer,  and  a  temperature  sensor.  the  acceleration  sensor  detects  if  the  patient  is  moving  in  order  to  make  a  correlation  between  the  ecg  data  and  the  movement.  the  temperature  sensor  shows  whether  the  patient  has  a  fever.  beside  the  ecg  information,  the  adas1000integrated  circuit  also  generates  data  on  breathing,  which  is  useful  for  the  detection  of  sleep  apnea.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring during  the  ecg  data  reading,  data  communication  is  off,  so  that  the  signal  input  is  not  affected.  after  the  reading  interval  of  10  s,  the  communication  module  gsm  sim900  is  turned  on  and  initialized.  it  contains  a  sim  card  from  a  gsm  data  service  provider.  the  microcontroller  aducrf101  from  the  portable  device  communicates  with  the  gsm  sim  900  modem  by  means  of  a  serial  port  and  of  gsm  at  commands.  the  sim900  modem  is  a  2g  gprs  mobile  data  module  functioning  in  the  mhz,  egsm900  mhz,  dcs1800  and  pcs1900  frequency  bands.  the  data  read  by  the  adas1000  circuit  is  processed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  the  microcontroller  in  order  to  be  stored  temporarily  ram  or  permanently  flash,  and  then  they  are  sent  regularly  through  the  gsm/gprs  data  communication  in  the  cloud  to  a  greencardio  server  by  means  of  the  ftp  data  protocol.  if  there  is  no  internet  connection,  the  data  is  saved  in  internal  flash  memory  and  it  is  sent  to  the  central  server  when  the  internet  connection  is  available.  the  data  is  stored  in  a  .xml  file.  its  name  indicates  the  day  and  the  time  of  the  data  input,  for  example:  20180726140120.xml.  within  the  greencardio  server,  the  data  is  processed  individually  for  each
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patient  and  analyzed  by  a  physician.  such  a  file  is  presented  below:  ?xmlversion1.0  encodingiso88591?  doctype  restingecg  system  rest.dtd  restingecg  patientidmaria  popescu/patientid  dateofbirth01081982/dateofbirth  genderfemale/gender  waveform  waveformtyperhythm/waveformtype  numberofleads1/numberofleads  sampletypecontinuoussamples/sampletype  samplebase500/samplebase  batterystare  incarcare0,  nivelbaterie90,  tensiunebaterie4,061v/battery  leaddata  leadamplitudeunitsperbit2.84/leadamplitudeunitsperbit  leadid1/leadid  leaddatacrc324291035169/leaddatacrc32  waveformdataff  0000  0000  0000  ff  0000  0000  0000  ff  0000  0000  0000  ff  7fad  8053  7fb6  ff  7f79  804d  7f6c  ff  7e33  802a  7c0d  802d  7c0e  ff  7d02  802d  7c0e  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f  ff  7d02  802d  7c0f00000/waveformdata  /leaddata  /waveform  /restingecg  the  above  figure  presents  an  ecg  signal  reading  device  made  with  two  adas1000integrated  circuits  connected  as  master  and  slave,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring which  allows  the  representation  of  12  derivations  member  derivations  and  precordial  derivations,  as  observed  in  .  experimental  model  using  an  adas1000  demoboard.  inductive  data  generated  by  ldc1612  have  28  bytes  size  for  each  sample,  but  we  use  only  the  most  significant  16  bits.  the  average  length  of  each  recording  was  approximately  30  s.  the  signals  were  acquired  at  the  sampling  frequency  of  20  hz.  two  scenarios  were  used  to  acquire  the  signals,  one  in  which  the  sensor  is  held  closer  to  the  chest  and  the  other  in  which  the  sensor  is  not  pressed.  in  the  following  figure,  we  have  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring portion  of  an  acquired  signal  holding  the  sensor  closer  to  the  chest  box,  where  one  can  clearly  see  the  periodicity  of  the  heartgenerated  signal  a.  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  an  acquisition  with  sensor  pressed.  the  periodicity  of  signal  is  visible.  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  acquisition  with  sensor  not  pressed.  the  periodicity  of  signal  is  difficult  to  be  detected  .  if  the  sensor  is  not  pressed,  the  signal  has  more  noise,  and  the  periodicity  due  to  heart  activity  is  less  visible.  a  short  sequence  of  three  seconds  from  such  signal  is  shown  in  a,b.  even  if  the  signal  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring noisy,  it  is  still  possible  to  detect  the  heart  rate,  if  the  size  of  the  analysis  window  has  more  than  10  s.  acquisitions  were  also  made,  in  which  the  subject  at  first  started  breathing  normally  with  an  air  exhaled  at  about  35  s,  and  finally  holding  breath.  this,  way  it  was  observed  that  in  the  first  half  of  the  signal,  in  which  the  subject  does  not  breathe,  the  periodicity  of  the  signal  associated  with  the  activity  of  the  heart  is  more  visible.  in  the  ,  and  a  preprocessed  signal,  filtering  and  normalization  operators  that  were  applied  on  this  signal  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring presented,  therefore,  the  values  of  interval  was  changed  and  the  signal  amplitude  is  not  expressed  in  h  as  it  is  adimensional.  in  future  research  activity,  we  intend  to  use  dwt  discrete  wavelet  transform,  by  changing  the  detailed  coefficients  that  contain  also  the  noise,  respectively,  without  altering  the  approximate  coefficient  as  in  work  .  a  predictive  neural  network  could  be  implemented  in  order  to  increase  the  robustness  to  noise.  acquisition  with  normal  breath  in  the  first  part,  and  without  breath  in  the  second  part  of  the  signal.  representation  of  the  delay  between  the  input  signal  with  blue  and  the  filtered  signal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  red  representation  of  the  overlap  of  the  input  signal  and  the  filtered  signal  the  delay  was  eliminated  .  representation  of  the  difference  signal  which  mainly  contains  the  periodic  heart  signal.  because  the  heart  rate  detected  for  both  parts  of  the  signal  was  approximately  the  same,  it  was  concluded  that  the  implemented  algorithm  is  as  effective  for  both  situations.  data  processing  consists  of  the  implementation  of  an  algorithm  in  order  to  extract  two  components,  the  respiration  components,  and  the  heart  rate  component  from  the  same  signal  generated  by  the  ldc  circuit.  because  the  inductive  sensor  incorporates  both  these  signals,  ,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  should  find  a  filtering  method  in  order  to  correctly  split  the  target  signals.  the  algorithm  is:  :  removing  the  amplitude  offset  from  signal  s  applying  a  low  pass  filter  lpf  with  a  cutoff  frequency  of  1  hz,  in  order  to  extract  the  respiration  components  :  the  coefficients  of  the  digital  filter  ,  are  generated  by  matlab  and  according  to  a  filter  that  belongs  to  the  butterworth  family  having  m  7  order  and  the  cutoff  frequency  as  mentioned  above,  at  1  hz.  the  complete  equation  of  the  arma  filter  autoregressive  moving  average  includes  in  the  formula  a  recurrent  part  ar,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  induces  a  delay  in  the  filtered  signal  .  the  delay  between  the  inductive  signal  and  filtered  signal  is  determined  using  the  amdf  average  magnitude  difference  function  method  and  the  correlation  function.  initializing  with  zero  of  the  vectors  and  for  k  0:  lengths1  we  denominated  the  number  of  samples/the  length  of  the  inductive  signal  input  signal  with  n  .  the  and  vectors  calculation  could  be  limited  only  for  a  number  of  values  done  by  maximum  delay  where  the  signal  could  arrive  and  not  on  all  length  of  s  signal.  the  offset  is  determined  based  on  the  global  maximum  position  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  correlation  function  ,  respectively  on  the  minimum  global  position  from  vector  of  amdf.  depending  on  the  input  signal,  any  of  the  two  methods  can  determine  better  the  offset.  the  time  lag  which  has  led  to  the  best  overlap  is  chosen  with  a  minimum  difference.  the  differences  in  signals  between  input  signal  s  and  the  filtered  signal  were  calculated  taking  into  account  both  delays.  removing  the  respiration  components  from  the  input  signal  will  keep  the  heart  rate  component  the  period  t  of  the  difference  signal  is  estimated,  using  the  autocorrelation  function.  the  signal  period  t  is  considered  to  estimate  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring heart  rate.  for  k  0:  lengthd1  only  local  peaks  between  and  are  taken  into  account.  these  limits  are  set  by  the  minimum  heart  rate  considered  to  be  40  bpm  and  the  maximum  value  set  at  200  bpm:  where  is  the  signal  sampling  frequency.  the  signal  period  is  given  by  the  local  maximum  position  between  the  two  previously  set  limits.  the  cardiac  rhythm  is  estimated  in  the  current  analysis  window  as  being:  because  the  filtered  signal  approximates  the  signal  due  to  breathing  very  well,  in  the  signal  difference  will  be  found  the  signal  generated  by  the  activity  of  the  heart  ,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring but  also  some  highfrequency  components  of  the  signal  .  in  addition  to  these  highfrequency  components,  a  noise  is  added  that  resembles  uniform  noise  for  recordings  in  which  the  sensor  is  not  pressed/held  close  to  the  chest,  but  with  all  these  impediments,  heart  rate  detection  can  be  performed.  for  these  recordings,  as  noted  above,  the  duration  of  the  analysis  window  should  be  longer  than  10  s.  the  algorithm  proposed  by  us  has  the  advantage  of  simultaneously  extracting  both  components,  both  of  which  are  of  interest  because  they  can  provide  additional  information  about  people  suffering  from  certain  diseases  e.g.,  apnea.  the  qrs
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring complexes  detection  process  is  difficult,  not  only  because  of  the  physiological  variability  of  qrs  complexes,  but  also  because  of  the  different  types  of  noise  that  an  ecg  signal  contains.  the  noise  sources  include  muscle  artifacts  due  to  the  motion  of  the  electrodes,  interference  from  power  lines,  the  change  in  the  baseline,  twaves  with  a  high  frequency  similar  to  the  qrs  complexes  ,  ,  ,  .  the  artifacts  are  considered  as  external  noises  induced  by  muscle  activities.  the  term  muscle  noise  artifact  is  also  found  in  other  papers,  an  example  could  be  .  once  the  signal  has  been  filtered,  we  applied
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  set  of  rules  to  correct  qrs  complexes  detection  ,  .  in  order  to  compare  the  heart  rate  values  obtained  with  our  system,  the  ecg  signal  was  acquired  in  parallel  using  a  biopac  system.  the  hardware  modules  used  are  the  mp150ace  data  acquisition  unit  and  the  ecg100c,  electrocardiogram  amplifier  modules  with  reusable  el258  electrodes.  the  mp150a  allows  simultaneous  16channel  acquisition  with  a  sampling  frequency  up  to  a  maximum  of  200  khz.  the  sampling  frequency  we  used  was  f  200  hz  and  the  signals  had  a  length  of  30  s.  the  ecg100c  module  is  a  single  channel  and  allows  a  gain
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring between  500  and  5000.  it  is  equipped  with  a  high  pass  filter  over  frequencies  of  0.05  hz  or  1  hz,  respectively,  with  a  35  hz  or  150  hz  low  pass  filter.  it  also  has  a  notch  filter  to  eliminate  the  50  hz  frequency  of  the  electrical  network.  electrodes  of  the  ecg100c  mode  were  connected  to  measure  lead  i  the  two  active  electrodes  being  placed  on  the  right  arm  and  the  stand  arm,  and  the  table  electrode  at  the  right  foot.  the  acquisition  was  performed  with  1hz  hpf  in  order  to  stabilize  the  baseline  ecg.  at  this  frequency,  p  and  t
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring waves  may  have  slightly  lower  amplitude,  but  the  qrs  complex  is  not  affected.  since  the  purpose  of  acquisition  of  these  signals  was  to  detect  qrs  peaks  and  to  verify  that  the  heart  rate  values  obtained  by  the  inductive  sensor  system  we  preferred  this  cutting  frequency  for  hpf  instead  of  0.05  hz.  for  the  lpf  filter  the  frequency  35  hz  ensures  better  noise  elimination.  even  if  these  hardware  filters  were  used  to  make  the  acquisition,  additional  software  filters  were  required  because  some  of  the  acquired  signals  had  ecg  baseline  fluctuations  and  the  algorithm  needed  to  be  a  straight  line,  respectively,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring noise  evenly  high  enough,  the  level  of  this  noise  also  depending  on  how  good  the  contact  between  the  electrodes  and  the  skin  is.  the  implemented  algorithm  has  three  main  stages:  baseline  determination,  detection  of  qrs  complex,  removing  other  information  where  p  and  t.  the  method  of  using  inductive  sensors  is  useful  to  monitor  the  data  rate  and  the  respiration,  as  vital  signs,  incorporating  the  wear  and  forget  device  in  the  clothes.  the  data  rate  signal  and  the  respiration  signal  are  extracted  from  the  same  output  signal  of  inductancetonumber  convertor.  the  method  and  the  wearable  sensors  incorporated  in  the  clothes  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring suitable  to  monitor  physiological  moving  parameters  that  have  small  amplitudes  e.g.,  mechanical  heart  activity,  respiration,  tremor,  pulse,  etc.  only  if  the  body  is  in  a  repose  position.  any  muscle  activity  will  induce  artifacts  in  the  signal  generated  by  the  sensors.  their  influence  will  be  proportional  to  the  intensity  of  body  movement.  we  take  into  account  using  an  acceleration  sensor  in  order  to  validate  the  inductive  signal  when  the  body  is  in  repose,  without  muscle  activity  and  to  eliminate  the  artefacts  based  on  correlation  with  the  acceleration  signal.  the  body  motion  during  data  sampling  has  a  large  influence  on  the  inductive
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring signal  inducing  its  motion  artifacts  and  we  concluded  that  this  method  is  not  suitable  to  be  used  in  daily  activity.  during  the  daily  activity  it  is  difficult  to  perform  a  classification  of  the  body  movement  intensity.  therefore,  the  results  obtained  during  slow  motion  are  encouraging  but  they  are  not  good  enough  to  ensure  proper  monitoring  for  all  activities.  this  is  one  reason  why  we  recommend  using  such  sensors  for  the  repose  and  sleep  activities  only.  the  theme  of  our  paper  is  to  extract  from  the  same  signal,  generated  by  the  inductive  sensor,  two  parameters:  respiration  and  heart  rate.  for  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring statistical  comparison,  we  intend  to  use  the  representing  data  using  blandaltman  plots.  in  the  future  work,  we  propose  to  correlate  the  inductive  sensors  data  with  ecg  data  and  acceleration  data  in  order  to  implement  other  models  for  intelligent  textiles,  and  to  improve  the  greencardio  system.  some  results  are  based  on  the  project  intelligent  techniques  for  medical  applications  using  sensor  networks,  project  no.  pniiip33.1pmrocn20180070;  and  on  the  project  development  and  integration  of  a  mobile  teleelectrocardiograph  in  the  greencardio  system  for  patients  monitoring  and  diagnosis,  project  no.  pniiip22.1bg20160463  20162018.  the  authors  have  copyright  registration  orda  for  it  products  only  no.  06984  dated
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 06.01.2015.  all  authors  contributed  equally  for  writing  and  analyzing  this  paper.  this  research  no  received  grant  funding.  the  apc  was  funded  by  stefan  cel  mare  university  from  suceava,  romania.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring brought  to  you  by  in  china,  most  of  heart  attack  results  in  death  before  the  patients  get  any  treatment.  because  the  traditional  healthcare  mode  is  passive,  by  which  patients  call  the  healthcare  service  by  themselves.  consequently,  they  usually  fail  to  call  the  service  if  they  are  unconscious  when  the  heart  disease  attacks.  the  internet  of  things  iot  techniques  have  overwhelming  superiority  in  solving  the  problem  of  heart  diseases  patients  care  as  they  can  change  the  service  mode  into  a  pervasive  way,  and  trigger  the  healthcare  service  based  on  patients  physical  status  rather  than  their  feelings.  in  order  to  realize  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pervasive  healthcare  service,  a  remote  monitoring  system  is  essential.  in  this  paper,  we  proposed  a  pervasive  monitoring  system  that  can  send  patients  physical  signs  to  remote  medical  applications  in  real  time.  the  system  is  mainly  composed  of  two  parts:  the  data  acquisition  part  and  the  data  transmission  part.  the  monitoring  scheme  monitoring  parameters  and  frequency  for  each  parameter  is  the  key  point  of  the  data  acquisition  part,  and  we  designed  it  based  on  interviews  to  medical  experts.  multiple  physical  signs  blood  pressure,  ecg,  spo2,  heart  rate,  pulse  rate,  blood  fat  and  blood  glucose  as  well  as  an  environmental  indicator  patients
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring location  are  designed  to  be  sampled  at  different  rates  continuously.  four  data  transmission  modes  are  presented  taking  patients  risk,  medical  analysis  needs,  demands  for  communication  and  computing  resources  into  consideration.  finally,  a  sample  prototype  is  implemented  to  present  an  overview  of  the  system.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring indexed  in  web  of  science  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  advances  in  humancomputer  interaction,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  university  of  south  carolina  upstate,  sc,  usa  miami  university,  oh  45056,  usa  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  26  october  2018;  accepted  1  january  2019;  published  12  february  2019  guest  editor:  maurizio  rebaudengo  copyright  2019  akm  jahangir  alam  majumder  et  al.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  recently,  many  people  have  become  more  concerned
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring about  having  a  sudden  cardiac  arrest.  with  the  increase  in  popularity  of  smart  wearable  devices,  an  opportunity  to  provide  an  internet  of  things  iot  solution  has  become  more  available.  unfortunately,  out  of  hospital  survival  rates  are  low  for  people  suffering  from  sudden  cardiac  arrests.  the  objective  of  this  research  is  to  present  a  multisensory  system  using  a  smart  iot  system  that  can  collect  body  area  sensor  bas  data  to  provide  early  warning  of  an  impending  cardiac  arrest.  the  goal  is  to  design  and  develop  an  integrated  smart  iot  system  with  a  low  power  communication  module  to  discreetly  collect  heart  rates
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  body  temperatures  using  a  smartphone  without  it  impeding  on  everyday  life.  this  research  introduces  the  use  of  signal  processing  and  machinelearning  techniques  for  sensor  data  analytics  to  identify  predict  and/or  sudden  cardiac  arrests  with  a  high  accuracy.  heart  problems  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  quality  of  life  of  any  who  suffer  from  them.  through  the  widespread  use  of  new  technologies,  there  is  a  potential  for  advanced  healthcare  systems.  the  development  of  smart  wearable  iot  system  for  health  monitoring  is  revolutionizing  our  lives  .  medical  services  have  made  large  advancements  in  recent  years.  computing  and  communication  technologies  have  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring potential  to  offer  a  wider  variety  of  services  for  patients.  through  this  advancement,  a  patients  quality  of  life  would  improve  and  provide  a  benefit  to  a  large  portion  of  the  population.  through  the  availability  and  advancement  of  wearable  iot  devices,  it  aids  patients  in  monitoring  and  controlling  their  health  metrics.  an  example  of  the  benefits  is  that  a  patient  can  be  made  aware  of  the  status  of  their  condition  with  the  aid  of  such  devices  at  any  time.  that  information  can  then  be  made  available  to  the  treating  health  care  professional  to  provide  prompt  action  for  a  condition  or  save
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  life  of  the  user  in  an  emergency.  connected  health  is  proving  to  be  a  major  application  for  developing  technologies.  the  concept  of  connected  healthcare  systems  and  smart  embedded  iot  devices  offers  a  potential  for  both  commercial  companies  and  individuals  to  benefit.  the  goal  is  to  use  investigations  performed  on  new  technologies  to  enable  the  creation,  enhancement,  and  expansion  of  connected  health  systems  with  the  objective  of  developing  a  system  that  can  help  patients  obtain  a  better  awareness  of  their  health  status  and  provide  early  medical  warnings.  the  goal  of  the  iot  is  to  enable  things  to  be  connected  anytime
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  anyplace,  with  anything  and  anyone  ideally  using  any  path/network  and  any  service  ,  .  this  goal  requires  more  development  in  many  areas  including  communication  and  applications.  many  research  and  development  entities  are  involved  in  development  activities.  cisco  defines  the  internet  of  everything  ioe  as  connectivity  of  people,  data,  things,  and  processes  in  networks  of  connections  ;  in  other  words,  ioe  is  a  network  of  computers  and  devices  of  all  types  and  sizes,  all  communicating  and  sharing  information.  according  to  cisco,  there  will  be  50  billion  devices  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020  .  iot  can  be  described  as  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring network  of  networks.  a  special  dedicated  ieee  standard  is  under  development  for  the  architectural  framework  of  the  iot,  namely,  ieee  p2413  .  this  standard  defines  iot  as  a  system  of  interconnected  people  and  physical  objects  along  with  information  and  communication  technology  ict  to  build,  operate,  and  manage  the  physical  world  via  smart  networking,  pervasive  data  collection,  predictive  analytics,  and  optimization  .  the  iot  standard  provides  a  reference  model,  defines  architectural  building  blocks,  and  affords  development  mechanisms  for  the  relevant  systems.  as  the  internet  continues  to  grow,  one  of  the  key  enablers  is  the  ipv6  global  deployment  which  supports  the  ubiquitous
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring addressing  of  any  communicating  smart  thing.  it  will  provide  access  to  billions  of  smart  things  allowing  new  models  of  iot  interconnection  and  integration.  however,  as  a  result  of  network  expansion,  more  requirements  will  be  added  to  network  functions,  network  management,  and  network  composition.  ipv6  must  enable  the  interconnection  of  heterogeneous  iot  components  together  with  heterogeneous  applications.  6lowpan  is  an  optimized  version  of  ipv6  for  low  power  wireless  personal  area  networks.  it  is  basically  ipv6  implemented  on  resourceconstrained  iot  devices.  iot  security  is  one  of  the  main  research  topics  as  there  is  a  need  to  provide  security  for  the  growing  number
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  connected  devices.  for  example,  there  is  a  need  to  ensure  that  iot  devices  are  only  providing  information  to  authorized  entities  .  iot  hardware  development  has  many  related  research  issues  as  new  devices  are  introduced  and  many  of  them  are  small  and  have  limited  battery  life.  moreover,  the  iot  sensor  devices  must  be  integrated  into  the  internet  using  communication  protocols.  these  protocols  must  consider  the  low  energy  of  the  sensor  battery  especially  when  sensors  are  deployed  in  remote  locations.  there  are  many  protocols  developed  and  more  to  be  developed  that  consider  the  use  of  low  power  for  iot  devices.  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring example,  an  efficient  service  announcement  and  discovery  protocol  in  ipbased  ubiquitous  sensor  networks  is  proposed  .  the  protocol  adopts  a  fully  distributed  approach  to  ensure  optimal  acquisition  times,  low  energy  consumption,  and  low  generated  overhead,  with  timely  reaction  to  topology  changes.  the  protocol  is  capable  of  realizing  optimal  acquisition  times  with  minimal  cost  in  terms  of  energy  and  generated  overhead,  making  it  suitable  for  mobile  networks.  the  internet  engineering  task  force  has  done  the  major  standardization  work  for  the  constrained  application  protocol  coap  that  allows  seamless  integration  of  low  power  devices  into  the  internet  .  coap  can  run  on  most
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring devices  that  support  user  data  protocol  and  the  network  architecture  that  use  this  protocol  is  a  hot  research  topic  .  iot  devices  use  different  protocols  bluetooth,  zigbee,  etc.  and  different  networks  lans;  wans.  thus,  an  iot  platform  has  three  building  blocks:  cloud  computing  is  used  as  an  enabling  platform  that  supports  iotbased  systems  to  allow  connecting  a  large  number  of  devices  and  sensors.  iotbased  healthcare  applications  can  use  cloud  computing  platforms  to  facilitate  sensors  communication,  instead  of  implementing  separate  means  to  have  all  the  sensors  communicate  directly.  in  this  paper,  our  aim  is  to  develop  a  smart  iot  system  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  unique  and  stands  out  when  it  comes  to  ehealth  based  iot  systems  for  predicting  a  personalized  cardiac  arrest,  because  they  naturally  combine  the  detection  and  communication  components.  our  major  contributions  are  as  follows:  i  developing  a  multisensory  smart  iotbased  cyberhuman  system  for  heart  abnormality  prediction.  ii  proposing  a  smartphonebased  heart  rate  detection  system  using  a  wearable  body  area  sensor  bas  system.  iii  designing,  developing,  and  implementing  a  low  power  communication  module  to  send  data  to  the  smartphone.  iv  implemening  a  mobile  system  for  remote  supervision  of  users,  which  can  be  used  to  detect  personalized  health  crisis.  the  rest  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  in  section  ,  we  describe  the  background  and  relevant  related  work.  in  section  ,  we  discuss  the  solution  process  of  designing  our  system  architecture  and  we  explain  the  circuit  design  of  our  system.  in  section  ,  we  discuss  the  data  collection  process  and  follow  with  sections  and  ,  which  are  data  analysis,  results,  and  evaluation  of  our  smartphonebased  prototype  system.  finally,  in  section  ,  we  conclude  the  paper  with  some  future  research  directions.  there  are  many  research  projects  that  attempt  to  characterize  a  users  heart  abnormality;  however,  most  of  them  have  lack  of  key
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring components.  many  individuals  currently  perform  research  in  ehealth  and  many  companies  have  taken  advantage  of  this  work  by  designing  systems  that  connect  patients  with  doctors  around  the  world.  we  examine  two  different  categories  of  related  systems:  comprehensive  health  care  using  embedded  systems  and  connected  ehealth  smartphone  applications.  our  proposed  system  is  more  related  to  connected  ehealth  smartphone  applications  since  we  are  developing  an  application  on  smartphone  that  connects  with  a  smart  iot  device  while  most  companies  focus  on  comprehensive  health  care  systems  that  allow  users  to  interact  with  one  another  and  benefit  from  resources.  patientslikeme  focused  on  helping  patients  answer
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  question:  given  my  status,  what  is  the  best  outcome  i  can  hope  to  achieve,  and  how  do  i  get  there?  they  answered  patient  questions  in  several  forms  like  having  patients  with  similar  conditions  connect  to  each  other  and  share  their  experiences  .  but,  they  did  not  mention  data  security  and  the  usability  of  the  system.  another  related  system  is  called  dailystrength.  it  is  a  social  network  centered  on  support  groups,  where  users  provide  one  another  with  emotional  support  by  discussing  their  struggles  and  successes  with  each  other.  the  site  contains  online  communities  that  deal  with  different  medical  conditions  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring life  challenges  .  it  is  very  similar  to  patientslikeme  in  the  sense  that  both  of  them  are  free  platforms  that  involve  patients  and  doctors  interacting.  two  major  discrepancies  between  them  are  that  dailystrength  does  not  involve  research  institutes  and  does  not  have  a  mobile  application.  also,  both  systems  are  not  iotbased  system.  in  another  work,  a  robust  model  was  developed  that  included  multiple  pulse  parameters,  eeg,  and  skin  conductance  sensors  into  a  shirt  .  another  system  was  developed  for  connecting  facial  expressions  and  voice  recognition  with  eeg  patterns  .  other  researchers  proved  that  eeg  alone  exhibits  characteristics  for  different  emotions
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring .  facial  recognition  software  has  been  compared  with  heart  rate  variability  in  order  to  better  understand  patterns  associated  with  various  emotions  .  it  has  also  been  proven  that  certain  pulse  patterns  are  associated  with  physical  stress  and  not  from  emotional  stress  .  but,  their  systems  are  mobile  and  they  did  not  use  iot  as  a  platform  for  their  system.  another  comprehensive  health  care  system  is  called  omnio  which  is  an  allinone  application  for  medical  resources  .  it  provides,  among  its  services,  clinical  resources,  diagnostic  resources,  disease  guides,  and  drug  information.  everyday  health  is  a  company  which  owns  websites  and  produces
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring content  relating  to  health  and  wellness.  it  has  higher  ratings  and  publishes  many  health  articles  that  can  be  very  helpful  for  patients.  in  addition,  it  has  a  smart  search  that  provides  users  with  easy  access  their  materials.  even  though  all  the  systems  mentioned  above  provide  health  services,  they  do  not  provide  any  smart  devices  that  can  be  used  to  monitor  users  daily  activities  and  alert  them  when  needed.  there  are  many  heart  monitors  that  provide  users  with  their  ecg  signals  so  they  can  keep  track  of  their  condition  but  none  of  which  who  alert  the  users  upon  emergencies.  a  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring elderly  home  monitoring  system  sehms  designed  and  developed  on  an  androidbased  smartphone  with  an  accelerometer;  it  could  detect  a  fall  of  the  user  .  it  provides  a  smartphone  user  interface  to  display  health  information  gathered  from  the  system.  the  main  advantage  of  sehms  is  that  it  has  the  remote  monitoring  facility  for  elderly  who  and  chronically  hostile  patients.  but  it  cannot  warn  the  user  in  case  of  emergency.  remote  mobile  health  monitoring  rmhm  is  a  system  that  provides  monitoring  of  a  users  health  parameters  such  as  his  or  her  heart  rate,  which  is  measured  by  wearable  sensors  .  it  allows
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring care  givers  and  loving  one  to  monitor  the  users  to  facilitate  remote  diagnosis.  the  system  does  not  have  the  capability  of  monitoring  in  real  time.  the  idea  of  predicting  heart  attacks  remains  a  challenge  and  that  is  the  focus  of  our  research.  every  research  group  specifies  its  own  approach  on  how  they  plan  to  achieve  its  objective.  we  decided  to  use  a  combination  of  body  temperature  and  ecg  to  predict  heart  abnormalities.  other  systems  have  different  approaches  with  different  hardware  implementations.  none  of  them  were  discussed  about  power  consumption  rate  during  data  collection.  our  system  uses  a  low  power  bluetooth
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring module  to  collect  a  longitudinal  data  wirelessly  using  a  smartphone.  in  ,  ,  authors  presented  a  comparison  between  different  data  mining  techniques  for  heart  attack  prediction.  they  present  just  prediction  algorithms  rather  than  a  complete  system  with  a  data  collection  device  and  a  computing  platform.  the  best  techniques  that  are  most  commonly  used  for  predicting  heart  problems  are:  decision  tree,  nave  bayes,  neural  network,  and  kmean.  our  research  not  only  includes  a  complete  system  with  an  iot  device  and  a  computing  platform,  but  also  uses  one  of  those  data  mining  techniques  decision  tree  to  predict  heart  problems.  this  makes  our
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring system  unique  in  the  sense  that  we  created  a  low  power  smart  iot  system  and  used  a  data  mining  technique  in  our  prediction  algorithm.  upon  testing  our  prediction  algorithm,  we  obtained  results  with  a  high  accuracy  for  all  our  healthy  and  unhealthy  test  subjects.  we  illustrate  the  difference  between  our  system  and  the  other  related  works  in  tables  and  .  table  1:  table  2:  to  address  the  drawbacks  of  the  abovementioned  research  and  systems,  in  this  paper,  we  propose  a  smart  iotbased  heart  rate  monitoring  system.  our  system  is  designed  to  address  directly  some  of  the  drawbacks  of  the  existing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring systems  and  potentially  yield  good  prediction  results.  the  most  important  aspect  of  our  system  is  the  warning  that  allows  the  user  to  prevent  an  injury  before  it  actually  happens.  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge,  our  system  is  the  first  smart  iotbased  health  assistance  which  uses  a  subjectspecific  body  area  sensor  signals  for  predicting  heart  related  injuries.  the  strength  of  our  system  relies  on  existing  wireless  communications  to  provide  low  power  with  maximum  freedom  of  movement  to  users  in  their  physical  activity.  in  addition,  we  have  used  small,  lightweight  smart  iot  devices  that  are  user  friendly,  like  the  smartphone  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  wristband.  to  integrate  the  sensors,  we  used  the  output  of  the  embedded  sensors  to  perform  an  extensive  set  of  experiments  for  evaluating  and  discriminating  between  normal  and  abnormal  heart  rate  patterns.  subjects  wear  the  embedded  sensors  and  carry  their  smartphone  in  their  pocket  or  hold  it  in  their  hands.  the  embedded  ecg  and  temperature  sensors  constantly  collect  the  heart  parameters  while  the  subject  is  living  a  normal  life.  after  receiving  the  data  through  a  low  power  bluetooth  communication  channel,  the  smartphone  will  process  the  data  to  classify  whether  the  users  condition  is  normal  or  abnormal.  a  quantitative  heart  rate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring analysis  is  performed  in  the  android  platform  which  gives  the  user  the  option  of  viewing  his/her  realtime  plots  of  the  ecg  signal  and  body  temperature.  to  determine  abnormal  heart  patterns,  we  first  establish  a  criterion  for  normal  heart  rate.  quantitative  analysis  of  heart  rate  stability  and  pulse  symmetry  will  yield  a  series  of  parameters,  like  heart  rate,  rr  intervals  rr  interval  is  the  duration  between  two  consecutive  r  peaks  in  an  ecg  signal,  and  st  segments  st  segment  is  the  flat  section  of  the  ecg  signal  between  the  end  of  the  s  wave  and  the  beginning  of  the  t  wave.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  represents  the  interval  between  ventricular  depolarization  and  repolarization.  we  then  design  an  early  warning  system  to  monitor  those  parameters  for  signs  of  cardiac  arrest  during  any  activity.  although  the  system  continuously  monitors  ecg  patterns,  the  planned  design  only  triggers  a  warning  if  the  ecg  patterns  and  body  temperature  of  the  user  reaches  a  certain  threshold  level,  wherein  the  user  might  face  a  potential  heart  attack.  at  that  moment,  the  system  transmits  a  warning  to  the  subject  in  the  form  of  a  message  or  a  vibration  alert.  figure  illustrates  the  prototype  embedded  smart  iot  system.  figure  1:  the  iot  device
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring constantly  collects  data  from  the  user  and  sends  it  to  smartphone  via  a  bluetooth  communication  module.  all  the  processing  and  data  analysis  take  place  in  the  application  where  the  user  has  the  option  to  view  user  realtime  plots.  these  plots  provide  the  user  a  basic  idea  of  his/her  bodys  status.  the  user  does  not  have  maintained  a  record  of  his/her  data  to  ensure  that  s/he  is  in  a  healthy  or  unhealthy  state  since  the  applications  job  is  to  alert  the  user  upon  an  emergency.  finally,  when  the  algorithm  senses  an  abnormality  it  immediately  alerts  the  user.  the  initial  prototype  system
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring consists  of  a  low  power  bluetooth  chip,  an  arduino  uno,  a  pulse  sensor,  and  a  temperature  sensor  as  shown  in  figure  .  the  other  components  are  the  power  supply  unit  along  with  a  smartphone  with  an  application.  figure  2:  the  arduino  simply  serves  as  an  analog  to  digital  converter  adc  .  an  arduino  is  an  opensource  physical  computing  platform  based  on  a  simple  i/o  board  and  a  developmental  environment  that  implements  the  processing/wiring  language.  the  arduino  is  programmed  to  read  analog  signals  from  the  pulse  and  temperature  sensors  and  create  a  data  packet  to  convert  the  signals  into  digital  form.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring subsequently,  it  sends  those  packets  to  the  phone  as  a  response  to  the  data  sending  request.  it  also  manages  the  bluetooth  communication  by  coordinating  with  the  rn42  bluetooth  chip.  the  bluetooth  chip  basically  equips  the  arduino  with  the  ability  to  connect  to  the  smartphone  application.  the  data  read  from  the  sensors  is  always  an  analog  value  between  0  and  5  volts  since  that  is  the  operating  voltage  of  this  microcontroller.  the  arduino  then  maps  those  voltage  values  to  digital  values  ranging  from  0  to  1023.  since  the  yaxis  for  ecg  signals  is  also  a  voltage,  all  we  had  to  do
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  scale  the  digital  values  to  back  voltage.  basically,  we  read  the  sensor  value  from  the  arduino  through  analog  pin  0  and  then  multiply  it  by  5  and  divide  it  by  1023  to  get  the  correct  voltage  value.  this  only  applies  to  the  pulse  sensor  since  the  expected  output  from  the  temperature  sensor  is  in  degrees  celsius.  to  avoid  the  inaccuracy  in  simultaneous  reading  from  multiple  analog  pins,  we  not  only  need  a  delay  between  each  reading,  but  also  need  to  read  from  the  same  analog  pin  twice.  we  read  the  temperature  data  from  the  sensor  twice  and  send  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring second  reading,  then  do  the  same  for  the  pulse  sensor.  we  need  to  send  different  symbols  before  the  sensor  readings  to  be  able  to  parse  the  data  at  the  receiving  end  android  application.  before  sending  a  temperature  reading  we  send  a  /  and  before  sending  a  pulse  reading  we  send  a  ,  which  makes  data  parsing  simple.  after  testing  our  early  prototype  system,  we  worked  on  modifying  the  hardware  to  develop  a  better  iot  device  that  can  later  on  be  used  as  a  user  friendly  wearable  device.  in  this  section,  we  will  discuss  the  new  hardware  components  used,  the  design
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  wearable  device,  and  the  performance  of  the  device  power  consumption  /current  draw.  1  new  hardware  components  .  rather  than  using  the  arduino  uno,  we  decided  to  use  the  arduino  mini  instead.  they  both  have  the  same  microcontroller,  clock  speed,  operating  voltage,  and  range  of  input  voltage.  the  arduino  uno  has  an  area  of  36.63  cm  which  is  almost  7  times  larger  than  the  arduino  mini.  when  developing  a  user  friendly  wearable  device,  it  is  important  to  have  smaller  components  to  be  able  to  design  a  compact  device.  to  be  able  to  upload  code  to  the  device  using  mini
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring usb  adapter,  we  also  needed  a  0.1  f  microfarad  capacitor  connected  in  series  between  the  reset  pin  of  the  arduino  mini  and  the  reset  pin  of  the  mini  usb  adapter.  we  used  a  pcb  soldering  board  to  solder  all  the  hardware  components  together.  the  board,  which  has  dimensions  of  5  cm  x  7  cm  almost  the  same  size  of  the  arduino  uno,  has  all  the  hardware  components  soldered  to  it.  to  power  the  device,  we  used  a  7.4  volt  lithium  ion  battery  with  a  current  supply  of  2200  mah  milliamperes  per  hour.  this  battery  has  an  outlet  plug  that  gives
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  the  ability  to  recharge.  so,  we  also  bought  a  pin  battery  connector  plug  to  insert  the  battery  in.  this  allows  us  to  solder  the  pin  plug  to  the  board  without  soldering  the  battery  itself,  allowing  the  user  to  remove  the  battery  when  it  needs  to  be  recharged.  all  the  components  that  we  added  shown  in  bold  in  this  section  are  shown  in  figure  .  figure  3:  2  design  of  the  wearable  device  .  after  soldering  all  the  hardware  components  on  the  pcb  board,  we  design  the  system  using  velcro  strips  to  make  it  wearable.  the  device  is  designed  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  the  mini  usb  adapter  can  be  connected  only  when  we  need  to  modify  code  on  the  arduino.  the  final  design  of  the  device  is  shown  in  figure  ,  where  figure  shows  the  device  with  the  mini  usb  adapter  attached  and  figure  shows  the  device  without  the  mini  usb  adapter.  figure  4:  figure  shows  the  device  when  the  battery  is  active;  hence,  the  leds  of  the  arduino  mini,  bluetooth,  and  pulse  sensor  are  all  on.  the  wires  connected  to  the  battery  can  be  easily  plugged  in  and  out  of  the  iot  device  to  allow  the  user  to  power  the  device
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring on  and  off.  the  battery  is  placed  between  two  pcb  soldering  boards.  the  temperature  sensors  connection  mounts  over  the  bluetooth  chip  and  under  the  lower  pcb  board,  where  it  will  be  in  contact  with  the  users  skin  when  the  device  is  worn.  the  pulse  sensor  extends  to  the  palm  where  it  should  be  wrapped  around  the  users  index  finger.  it  is  easy  to  measure  pulse  from  finger  during  daily  activities  of  the  user.  finally,  the  velcro  is  glued  to  the  bottom  of  the  lower  pcb  board  and  covered  in  black  leather  to  give  the  device  a  better  appearance.  a  complete
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smart  wearable  iot  device  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  5:  3  smart  iot  device  performance  .  in  this  section,  we  explain  the  power  consumption  of  the  iot  device  in  different  modes.  when  the  iot  device  is  powered,  the  bluetooth  enters  the  idle  mode  where  it  blinks  on  and  off  waiting  for  a  connection  request.  when  the  android  device  connects  to  the  iot  device  through  the  application,  the  bluetooths  led  stops  blinking  and  is  set  to  green  indicating  a  successful  connection.  the  performance  of  the  device  can  be  determined  by  measuring  the  current  consumption  which  tells  us  how  long  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring device  can  be  powered.  the  voltage  supplied  from  the  battery  is  constant  since  the  arduino  mini  takes  the  voltage  it  needs  and  supplies  to  the  devices  connected  to  it.  the  typical  way  to  determine  the  performance  of  the  device  is  by  checking  the  amount  of  current  that  is  drawn  from  the  battery  in  the  different  modes.  the  two  modes  in  which  we  test  the  device  are  the  idle  mode  and  the  connected/transmitting  mode.  the  measuring  unit  of  the  battery  is  in  milliamp  hour  mah  which  is  an  energy  measure.  a  battery  with  2200  mah  will  work  for  an  hour  if
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  current  drawn  from  it  is  always  2200  ma.  similarly,  if  the  current  draw  is  1100  ma,  the  battery  would  last  two  hours.  therefore,  to  measure  how  long  the  device  can  be  powered  in  the  on  state  without  the  battery  draining,  we  need  to  calculate  the  average  current  draw  of  the  iot  device.  table  shows  the  current  draws,  the  devices  lifetime,  and  the  power  consumption  during  the  two  modes  for  the  iot  device.  table  3:  the  performance  of  the  smart  iot  device  shows  that  the  system  can  collect  data  for  a  long  period  of  time  in  both  modes  which  makes
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  very  useful  for  users.  when  the  battery  is  too  low  on  power  to  operate  the  device,  it  can  be  recharged  by  simply  plugging  the  batterys  wires  to  a  charger.  to  receive  and  analyze  data  from  the  iot  device,  we  use  a  heart  rate  and  body  temperature  collector  interface  in  the  smartphone.  as  described  in  the  hardware  section,  we  developed  a  bluetooth  communication  channel  that  is  capable  of  transmitting  data  from  the  pulse  and  temperature  sensors  to  the  smartphone.  on  receiving  data  from  the  sensors,  the  system  processes  the  data  to  identify  any  abnormality  in  the  heart  rate.  to  transmit
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  to  the  smartphone  through  bluetooth  channel,  we  opened  a  socket  from  the  android  application  that  connected  to  the  transmitting  signals  of  the  bluetooth  module.  to  communicate  with  the  arduino,  we  created  a  software  serial  object  and  specified  the  transmitting  and  receiving  pins.  when  the  bluetooth  is  supplied  with  power,  it  immediately  enters  the  pairing  mode,  where  it  waits  for  any  device  to  connect  to  it.  then  the  smartphone  bluetooth  adapter  is  opened  through  the  application  and  it  starts  searching  for  the  devices.  after  a  successful  connection,  the  application  will  produce  a  message  on  the  screen  informing  the  user  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  connection  was  successful,  and  the  bluetooth  chips  led  will  turn  from  red  pairing  mode  to  green  connected  mode.  the  detail  user  interface  of  our  system  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  6:  after  connecting  to  the  iot  device,  the  application  will  automatically  start  receiving  the  sensors  data.  the  application  parses  the  temperature  and  pulse  data  into  separate  arrays  that  are  then  sent  to  different  pages  where  they  are  plotted  in  real  time.  the  user  has  the  option  of  either  viewing  the  separate  plots  for  each  sensor  data  or  viewing  a  page  that  has  both  plots  in  real  time.  while
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring data  is  being  plotted,  the  algorithm  is  constantly  examining  the  ecg  signal  waiting  for  any  abnormality.  the  user  will  have  the  option  of  either  signing  up  or  logging  in  depending  on  whether  the  user  has  an  account  or  not.  if  the  user  has  an  account  s/he  can  simply  enter  the  username  and  password  to  login.  if  not,  clicking  on  the  signup  button  will  take  the  user  to  another  page  where  s/he  will  be  asked  to  enter  some  information  to  create  an  account.  the  user  will  then  be  directed  to  the  home  page  of  the  application  where  s/he  will  have  different
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring options.  the  user  will  need  to  connect  to  the  iot  device  before  s/he  can  start  viewing  his/her  data.  this  can  be  done  by  pressing  the  connect  button  which  will  take  the  user  to  another  page  where  s/he  can  find  the  device.  in  the  connect  page,  at  first  the  user  needs  to  turn  on  the  bluetooth  of  the  android  device.  by  pressing  the  turn  on  button,  the  android  device  will  respond  to  the  applications  request,  asking  the  user  if  the  application  can  open  the  bluetooth  and  by  hitting  yes,  the  bluetooth  turns  on.  the  user  can  then  go  to  the  home
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring page  where  s/he  will  have  several  options  between  viewing  his/her  realtime  plots  of  the  sensed  data  or  going  to  the  decision  page.  the  decision  page  will  basically  have  information  that  describes  the  users  current  health  status.  the  time  axis  in  realtime  graphs  shows  that  the  graph  retrieves  the  current  time  from  the  android  device  and  displays  it  in  real  time  as  the  axis  moves  with  incoming  data  points.  after  we  finalized  the  system  and  were  retrieving  accurate  results,  we  began  testing  on  test  subjects.  since,  we  cannot  test  our  system  with  real  people  who  have  a  chronic  heart  disease,  we
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring recruited  a  group  of  participants,  a  variety  of  age  groups,  and  a  range  of  heights  see  table  for  statistics.  table  4:  the  data  collection  process  can  be  divided  into  two  parts,  reading  the  data  from  the  sensors  and  sending  it  to  the  smartphone.  for  the  first  part,  one  sensor  gets  the  hearts  pulse  rate  and  the  other  one  gets  the  body  temperature.  the  sensors  data  is  parsed  and  plotted  on  the  devices  screen.  the  sampling  frequency  or  rate  at  which  we  are  collected  sensor  data  is  the  key  challenge  in  data  collection  process.  for  our  system,  we  send  the  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring from  the  two  sensors  simultaneously,  so  intuitively,  the  sampling  rate  for  our  system  would  be  less  than  the  sampling  rate  of  a  system  that  reads  data  from  just  one  sensor.  given  that  the  body  temperature  does  not  undergo  as  many  changes  as  the  ecg  signal,  we  increased  the  ecgs  sampling  rate  by  decreasing  the  temperatures  sampling  rate.  we  fixed  the  sampling  rates  for  the  temperature  sensor  and  the  ecg  signal  at  5  hz  and  160  hz,  respectively.  figure  shows  the  block  diagram  that  describes  the  sensor  data  collection  interface.  the  bluetooth  chip  is  also  connected  to  the  arduino  which  enables
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  iot  device  to  transmit  the  sensed  data  to  the  smartphone  application.  figure  7:  first,  the  user  wears  the  device  as  described  in  the  hardware  section  and  then  uses  the  application  to  connect  to  the  bluetooth  interface  as  described  in  the  software  section.  from  this  point  the  user  only  needs  to  interface  with  the  application  where  s/he  can  navigate  through  the  different  options.  our  proposed  system  is  used  to  collect  data  from  the  users  and  store  it  in  the  smartphones  database  and  it  can  plot  and  process  the  data  in  real  time.  to  be  able  to  write  our  algorithm,  we
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring had  to  collect  data  from  test  subjects  while  doing  different  activities.  the  three  scenarios  that  we  consider  for  each  subject  are:  sitting,  walking,  and  climbing  upstairs.  we  believe  that  those  different  scenarios  can  help  us  understand  how  everyones  heart  behaves  during  different  activities.  the  data  collected  show  that  the  system  has  a  data  collection  system  that  is  capable  of  gathering  data  under  any  circumstances,  such  as  in  the  three  scenarios  described  above.  in  this  section,  we  show  the  sample  ecg  data  for  test  subjects.  the  sample  temperature  sensor  data  are  just  plots  to  demonstrate  the  accuracy  of  the  sensor.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  subsection,  we  present  the  detailed  data  for  our  temperature  sensing  process.  temperature  does  not  need  much  analysis  except  for  converting  the  data  points  to  the  time  domain  and  smoothing  the  signal  for  better  visual  representation.  the  noisiness  in  temperature  signal  indicates  a  need  for  smoothing.  the  y  axis  represents  the  temperature  in  celsius  and  the  x  axis  shows  the  number  of  data  points.  to  convert  the  data  points  to  time  in  seconds,  we  need  to  use  the  sampling  frequency  which  for  this  case  was  100  hz.  the  sampling  rate  that  was  used  here  was  just  to  demonstrate  the  plot
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  an  easier  way  since  700  hundred  data  points  can  be  easily  mapped  to  7  seconds  using  100  hz.  however,  the  sampling  rates  used  for  our  system  are  still  5  hz  for  the  temperature  data  and  160  hz  for  the  ecg  data.  figure  shows  a  set  of  data  when  converted  from  data  points  to  time  in  seconds.  the  temperature  sensor  used  in  our  work  has  an  accuracy  of  /  0.5,  which  allows  it  to  capture  changes  in  temperature  very  quickly  as  shown  in  the  7  second  plots  in  figure  .  the  one  on  the  left  shows  the  temperature  decreasing  while
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  one  on  the  right  shows  the  temperature  increasing.  figure  8:  ecg  data  was  collected  from  test  subjects  and  analyzed  on  matlab.  in  this  section,  we  show  the  data  of  four  test  subjects  in  the  three  scenarios,  two  males  and  two  females.  we  were  able  to  collect  data  for  the  walking  scenario  using  treadmills  and  for  the  climbing  upstairs  scenario  using  stair  steppers  at  the  rec  center.  for  each  scenario,  we  show  the  ecg  signal  and  its  corresponding  heart  rate.  the  heart  rate  was  ultimately  calculated  using  the  fourier  transform  method  to  make  sure  it  is  accurate  .  table  shows
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  information  of  the  four  test  subjects.  table  5:  it  is  observed  that  the  data  collected  for  test  subject  1  while  sitting  had  no  problems.  variations  occurred  when  the  data  collected  while  walking  and  climbing  upstairs.  this  is  a  result  of  the  sensor  moving  while  the  subject  was  performing  the  different  activities.  we  collected  data  for  multiple  times  before  we  start  analyzing.  however,  we  decided  to  present  the  noisy  data  obtained  for  subject  1  to  show  the  major  distinction  between  noisy  and  proper  ecg  data.  therefore,  the  heart  rates  for  subject  1  for  the  last  two  scenarios  are  displayed  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring n/a.  a  sample  ecg  signals  for  sitting,  walking,  and  climbing  upstairs  for  a  test  subject  shown  in  figure  .  figure  9:  our  data  analysis  was  mostly  done  using  matlab.  in  signal  processing,  noise  is  a  general  term  for  unwanted  alterations  that  a  signal  may  suffer  during  collecting,  storing,  transmitting,  or  processing  data  .  we  collected  data  from  analog  sensors  and  transmitting  them  over  a  low  power  bluetooth  communication  channel.  we  need  data  enhancement  techniques  before  we  can  start  analyzing  the  data  as  the  reading  can  be  affected  by  noise  through  the  process.  since  temperature  values  do  not  usually  have  many
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring fluctuations,  we  are  more  concerned  about  the  enhancement  of  the  ecg  signals.  extracting  features  from  a  noisy  signal  can  give  a  heart  rate  of  200  when  the  actual  heart  rate  is  80.  therefore,  we  ensure  that,  before  we  send  our  signal  to  the  feature  extraction  method,  almost  every  unwanted  part  of  the  signal  is  removed.  the  baseline  wander  is  a  problem  that  shows  ecg  signals  in  a  wavy  fashion  rather  than  being  more  of  a  constant  envelope.  a  high  pass  filter  to  the  signal  improves  the  look  of  the  signal  because  it  removes  the  low  frequency  component  that  manifests  itself
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  a  sinelike  pattern  of  the  baseline.  removing  the  baseline  wander  gives  a  better  signal  which  can  help  us  process  data  more  accurately.  equation  describes  the  process  of  reducing  noise  using  base  line  wonder  ,  where  is  the  cutoff  frequency  and  is  the  filter  order:  first,  we  smooth  the  signal  using  the  matlab  built  in  function  smooth,  which  gives  us  that  sinewavelike  signal,  then  we  subtract  that  sinewavelike  low  frequency  component  from  the  collected  ecg  signal.  the  time  domain  operation  of  a  low  pass  filter  for  signals  is  the  mathematical  operation  called  the  moving  average  often  addressed  to  as  smoothing.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  enhanced  version  was  achieved  by  applying  a  low  pass  filter  with  a  very  satisfying  result  as  can  be  seen  in  the  plot.  the  key  when  using  high  pass  or  low  pass  filters  is  to  choose  the  correct  cutoff  frequency.  choosing  the  wrong  cutoff  frequency  can  result  in  huge  alterations  in  the  signal  and  irrelevant  or,  worse,  erroneous  data  decisions.  equation  describes  the  operation  of  low  pass  filtering.  we  apply  a  moving  average  which  is  achieved  by  using  the  smooth  function  in  matlab.  using  the  correct  window  for  smoothing  is  essential  as  it  can  affect  the  signals  expected  output.  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ecg  signal  we  used  a  smoothing  window  of  20  data  points.  after  noise  reduction,  we  extracted  heart  rate,  rr  intervals,  and  st  segments  from  ecg  signals.  we  used  these  features  as  inputs  of  our  prediction  algorithm  along  with  the  body  temperature.  in  the  next  subsections,  we  describe  the  process  of  extracting  features  from  the  ecg  signal.  we  extracted  heart  rate  or  beats  per  minutes  bpm  from  collected  ecg  signals.  we  can  calculate  bpm  using  several  techniques  including  taking  the  number  of  qrs  peaks  in  a  given  time,  using  autocorrelation,  or  using  fourier  transform.  the  first  technique  sometimes  yields  inaccurate
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring results;  however,  when  a  signal  has  no  baseline  wander  problem,  this  technique  should  work.  autocorrelation  and  fourier  transform  techniques  yield  very  accurate  results.  1  autocorrelation  .  in  autocorrelation,  a  signal  is  correlated  with  a  shifted  copy  of  itself  as  a  function  of  delay  or  lag.  correlation  indicates  the  similarity  between  observations  as  a  function  of  the  time  lag  between  them.  we  used  this  technique  to  analyze  our  data  as  the  collected  ecg  signals  are  periodic.  first,  we  calculate  the  difference  between  two  peaks  which  gives  the  length  of  one  period  in  data  points.  dividing  that  number  of  data  points  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  sampling  frequency  gives  us  the  time  in  seconds  of  one  period.  inversing  and  multiplying  it  by  60  give  us  the  total  beats  per  minute.  the  mathematical  equation  for  the  autocorrelation  function  for  signal  processing  is  shown  in  the  equation  shows  the  summation  of  the  product  of  a  signal  and  a  shifted  version  of  it  from  the  equation,  one  can  intuitively  understand  that,  at  lag  zero,  the  signal  will  have  the  highest  amplitude  since  it  is  a  multiplication  of  itself  without  any  shift.  2  fourier  transform  .  the  fourier  transform  extracts  the  frequencies  and  harmonics  of  the  signal.  so,  we
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring find  the  location  of  the  maximum  harmonic  in  the  frequency  plot.  the  first  significant  harmonic  in  the  signal  is  shown  approximately  around  0.92  the  red  circle  as  shown  in  figure  ,  which  represents  the  beats  per  second.  simply  multiplying  this  by  60  gives  us  the  beats  per  minute.  the  other  peaks  in  the  signal  represent  either  noise  or  information  are  irrelevant  in  terms  of  calculating  the  heart  rate.  figure  10:  the  equations  for  the  fourier  and  inverse  fourier  transforms  are  shown  below  in  and  ,  respectively  .  where  is  the  frequency  domain  of  a  given  signal  and  is  the  time
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring domain  of  the  signal.  for  our  data  analysis,  we  used  an  fft  function  in  matlab  that  gives  us  the  plot  of  the  signal  in  the  frequency  domain.  from  there,  we  get  the  location  of  the  maximum  harmony  and  multiply  it  by  60  to  get  the  beats  per  minute.  another  feature  that  we  extracted  from  the  ecg  signal  is  called  the  rr  interval,  which  is  the  interval  between  successive  r  peaks  in  an  ecg  signal.  for  normal  ecg  signals,  the  rr  intervals  do  not  fluctuate  or  suddenly  change  in  a  drastic  manner.  we  recorded  rr  intervals  by  having  the  standard  deviation
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  signal.  figure  gives  a  visual  representation  of  an  rr  interval  figure  11:  basically,  we  find  the  r  peaks  and  subtract  the  peaks  locations  in  time,  giving  us  the  duration  between  each  beat.  we  find  the  peaks  using  a  threshold  value  that  ensures  that  all  the  r  peaks  are  included.  to  do  that,  we  get  the  maximum  of  the  signal  and  subtract  it  by  a  specified  percentage  to  ensure  that  all  the  intervals  are  above  the  threshold  value.  the  reason  for  this  was  because  not  all  the  r  peaks  have  the  same  voltage  value,  the  voltage  values  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring peaks  usually  fluctuate  which  is  why  we  dynamically  calculate  that  threshold  value  based  on  the  portion  of  the  ecg  signal  with  which  we  are  dealing.  we  create  arrays  that  store  the  rr  intervals  of  the  ecg  signal  to  calculate  the  variability  of  the  durations.  also,  another  feature  is  that  we  extracted  st  segment  voltage  value  from  the  ecg  signals.  we  take  the  st  segment  into  consideration  for  heart  attack  predictions  since  elevated  st  segments  are  one  of  the  biggest  indicators  of  heart  attacks.  figure  shows  the  sample  data  from  one  of  our  test  subjects.  to  calculate  the  st  segment  voltage
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring value,  we  take  the  average  of  the  points  shown  in  the  rectangle.  figure  12:  this  produces  a  number  that  represents  the  st  segment  voltage  value.  the  rr  interval  is  basically  the  range  between  both  peaks.  we  take  a  20  percent  from  that  range  and  add  it  to  the  location  of  the  first  peak  which  gives  us  the  point  where  we  would  start  adding  the  voltage  values.  then  we  take  50  percent  of  the  range  and  subtract  it  from  the  location  of  the  subsequent  peak,  which  gives  us  the  point  where  we  would  stop  adding  the  voltage  values.  those  voltage  values
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  shown  in  the  box  in  figure  .  after  adding  all  the  voltage  values,  we  divide  by  the  number  of  points  to  get  the  average  voltage  value  representing  the  st  segment.  typically,  the  voltage  values  of  a  normal  ecg  would  be  much  lower  than  the  voltage  values  of  an  ecg  with  an  elevated  st  segment.  we  also  use  a  standard  deviation  analysis  to  detect  if  an  st  segment  suddenly  changed.  note  that  using  percentages  of  the  rr  interval  to  get  the  locations  of  the  st  segment  voltage  values  and  then  averaging  them  is  not  a  conventional  way  to  calculate  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring voltage  value  of  the  st  segment.  this  is  based  on  our  analysis,  which  used  trial  and  error,  and  that  method  to  extract  the  st  segment  voltage  value  provided  us  with  the  best  results.  the  algorithm  is  the  most  important  part  of  the  system.  the  algorithm  functions  as  shown  in  the  flow  chart  in  figure  .  the  first  step  is  to  read  the  data  from  the  sensors  at  5  hz  for  the  temperature  data  and  160  hz  for  the  ecg  data.  we  then  maintain  a  sampling  window  of  5  seconds  on  which  to  perform  all  computations.  after  selecting  the  sample  window,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  reduce  the  noise  by  applying  the  filtering  techniques  discussed  in  section  .  after  removing  all  the  noise  components  from  the  signals,  we  extract  the  three  features  from  the  ecg  and  pass  on  those  features  along  with  the  temperature  data  to  our  prediction  algorithm.  if  the  results  from  the  algorithm  indicate  that  the  current  sample  window  is  normal,  the  window  shifts  by  1  second  and  takes  the  next  5  seconds  of  data.  if  the  algorithm  detects  an  abnormality,  it  immediately  warns  the  user.  using  a  moving  window  of  1  second  creates  the  need  more  computation  but  it  provides  faster  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring more  accurate  feature  extraction  and  prediction  results.  this  means  the  next  sample  window  will  have  1  second  of  new  data  and  4  seconds  of  data  from  the  previous  sample  window.  figure  13:  our  prediction  algorithm  is  based  on  a  predictive  machinelearning  model  called  j48  decision  tree  .  this  model  decides  the  target  value  of  a  new  sample  based  on  various  attribute  values  of  the  available  data.  we  apply  that  model  to  our  algorithm  with  the  result  that  the  target  value  would  indicate  whether  the  patient  is  having  a  heart  attack  or  not,  and  the  available  data  would  be  contained  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  extracted  features.  we  note  that  the  decision  tree  is  a  general  model  that  can  be  used  in  many  applications  in  many  different  ways.  we  designed  a  novel  algorithm;  heart  attack  prediction  using  a  decision  tree  based  on  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis  dtsdsa;  that  uses  the  decision  tree  model  with  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis.  we  examine  the  method  by  which  the  extracted  features  are  processed  at  the  decision  tree.  using  a  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis,  we  determine  whether  the  features  are  abnormal  or  abnormal.  figure  shows  the  structure  of  our  decision  tree  which  refers  to  the  prediction  algorithm
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring block  in  figure  .  our  algorithm  uses  warning  levels  from  0  to  4  to  determine  the  degree  of  abnormality  for  each  incoming  window.  figure  14:  we  employ  a  sample  window  and  a  moving  window.  the  sample  window  contains  the  part  of  the  ecg  signal  that  is  being  processed  while  the  moving  window  specifies  the  amount  by  which  that  sample  window  is  shifted  to  start  taking  the  next  sample  window.  figure  illustrates  the  appearance  of  both  of  the  windows  on  one  of  our  test  subjects  for  both  sensors.  as  shown  in  figure  ,  the  sample  window  is  5  seconds  and  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring moving  window  is  1  second.  this  provides  an  overlap  of  4  seconds  for  subsequent  sample  windows.  we  note  that,  for  the  30  second  ecg  signal  shown  below,  if  we  did  not  have  a  moving  window,  we  would  have  only  had  6  sample  windows  30  seconds/5  second  windows.  this  means  that  the  features  would  only  be  updated  6  times  throughout  the  entire  30  seconds.  the  way  we  implemented  it,  we  get  26  results  instead  of  6  for  the  entire  30  seconds.  this  represents  a  far  more  practical  method  since  heart  rates  change  very  fast,  especially  during  cardiac  events.  figure  15:  figure
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 16:  for  each  sample  window,  the  feature  extraction  function  returns  a  single  value  for  the  heart  rate,  in  a  onedimensional  array  with  the  rr  interval  durations,  and  a  onedimensional  array  with  the  st  segment  voltage  values.  since  heart  rates  are  the  most  important  feature  that  describe  the  hearts  status,  we  start  by  checking  variations  in  the  heart  beats  first.  we  do  so  by  making  sure  that  the  heart  rate  is  consistent  using  our  standard  deviation  analysis.  any  heart  rate  while  walking  or  running  is  obviously  going  to  be  higher  than  the  heart  rate  while  sitting  or  resting.  since  we  have
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  wide  range  of  heart  rates  that  are  considered  normal,  we  were  not  able  to  simply  apply  a  thresholding  technique  where  a  heart  rate  above  a  certain  threshold  value  would  be  a  sign  of  potential  heart  failure.  heart  rates  can  vary  from  55  all  the  way  to  150  depending  on  the  person  and  what  the  person  is  doing.  by  using  our  standard  deviation  statistical  analysis,  we  only  detect  an  issue  with  the  heart  rate  when  it  suddenly  fluctuates  out  of  the  normal  range.  if  the  current  heart  rate  has  an  error  above  7  percent,  we  set  the  warning  level  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 1.  for  example,  if  a  persons  average  heart  rate  is  between  80  beats  per  minute  for  20  seconds  then  suddenly  goes  up  to  100,  the  error  would  be  25  percent.  we  only  proceed  to  check  the  rr  intervals  if  there  is  a  problem  with  the  current  heart  rate.  for  the  rr  intervals  and  st  segments  arrays,  with  which  we  are  dealing,  we  calculate  the  standard  deviation  of  the  sample  window  for  both  features.  if  the  rr  intervals  error  is  higher  than  a  certain  percentage,  we  set  the  warning  level  to  2  and  proceed  to  check  the  st  segment.  if  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring st  segment  also  has  an  error  higher  than  what  is  considered  to  be  normal,  we  set  the  warning  level  to  3  and  proceed  to  check  the  body  temperature.  at  this  point,  we  already  know  that  this  sample  window  is  abnormal.  we  still  check  the  body  temperature  to  see  if  the  warning  level  would  go  up  to  4  or  not  since  up  to  this  point,  it  can  be  a  false  reading  based  on  errors  in  feature  extraction  due  to  noisy  signals.  since  the  temperature  is  a  single  value,  we  calculate  the  error  the  same  way  we  did  for  the  heart  rates
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring only  with  different  thresholds.  we  then  return  the  warning  level  for  each  sample  window  to  process  that  warning  and  read  the  next  sample  window.  we  created  a  dynamic  buffer  that  attends  to  the  processing  of  warnings  that  are  returned  for  each  sample  window.  the  buffer  is  responsible  for  collecting  the  warning  levels  and  making  a  decision.  to  implement  the  buffer,  we  created  another  window  called  the  prediction  window  along  with  a  moving  window.  this  window  initially  waits  to  collect  the  results  from  8  sample  windows  8  warnings.  the  moving  window  then  shifts  the  prediction  window  2  spots  to  the  right.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  decision  is  made  on  each  prediction  window  based  on  a  ratio  that  is  calculated  from  the  warning  levels.  figure  shows  the  technique  by  which  the  prediction  and  moving  windows  are  established.  the  moving  window  is  equivalent  to  2  warnings  and  the  prediction  window  is  equivalent  to  8  warnings,  which  results  in  10  prediction  windows  for  the  30  second  segment.  assuming  that  the  body  temperatures  are  normal,  the  worst  case  would  be  a  prediction  window  with  all  3s  which  gives  a  sum  of  24.  we  add  all  the  warning  levels  and  divide  by  24.  if  the  ratio  is  0.5  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring above,  we  trigger  a  warning  to  the  user.  the  results  shown  in  figure  are  from  an  ecg  signal  that  was  very  noisy  and  did  not  have  any  characteristics  of  a  proper  ecg.  the  algorithm  therefore  started  detecting  abnormalities  in  the  third  prediction  window.  running  this  algorithm  on  normal  ecgs  for  healthy  subjects  gave  us  ratios  that  were  either  zero  or  close  to  zero.  those  were  our  first  indications  that  the  algorithm  does  indeed  work.  however,  our  next  step  was  to  run  the  algorithm  on  real  test  subjects  with  heart  failures  for  more  validation.  the  results  are  shown  and  discussed  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring more  detail  in  the  next  section.  to  evaluate  our  proposed  system,  we  developed  a  prototype  application  and  investigated  its  performance.  we  evaluated  the  prototype  with  extensive  experiments.  in  this  section,  we  explain  how  the  data  is  analyzed  and  performance  is  measured  for  healthy  and  unhealthy  subjects.  the  results  shown  are  for  one  test  subject  in  the  three  different  scenarios.  since  all  subjects  had  normal  body  temperatures,  we  will  show  the  ecg  signals  and  the  results  of  the  prediction  algorithm  for  each  sample  window.  the  test  subjects  information  is  shown  in  table  .  table  6:  the  ecg  signal  while  walking  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring considered  as  a  normal  and,  therefore,  no  warning  will  trigger.  the  ecg  signal  while  walking  also  consider  as  normal.  but,  we  had  a  couple  of  false  warnings  while  walking.  we  use  the  prediction  window  to  eliminate  the  false  warnings  in  our  algorithm.  figure  shows  that  the  results  from  the  prediction  algorithm  had  three  warnings  of  level  one  while  walking.  therefore,  there  was  no  need  to  warn  the  user  since  it  was  a  false  error.  figure  17:  the  algorithm  triggered  a  few  warnings  as  well  while  the  test  subject  was  climbing  upstairs.  as  shown  in  figure  ,  there  are  a  few
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring warnings  for  each  prediction  window,  but,  none  of  which  above  50  percent,  threshold  level  for  indicating  a  myocardial  infarction  mi.  figure  18:  we  were  able  to  download  datasets  from  a  database  online  that  has  records  of  patients  who  suffered  from  sudden  cardiac  deaths.  we  also  ran  the  algorithm  on  our  20  healthy  test  subjects  and  the  results  validated  that  the  algorithm  works  with  a  high  accuracy  for  the  healthy  test  subjects.  table  shows  the  information  of  each  test  subject  .  table  7:  the  results  showed  that  the  algorithm  gives  no  warnings  for  all  scenarios  that  had  different  heart  rates.  however,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  validate  our  algorithm  using  only  healthy  subject  data  is  not  enough.  even  though  we  ran  our  algorithm  on  noisy  data,  we  still  cannot  conclude  that  our  algorithm  can  predict  heart  problems.  therefore,  we  downloaded  10  datasets  from  a  database  online  that  has  ecg  signals  for  patients  that  suffered  from  sudden  cardiac  deaths.  the  ecg  signals  we  selected  for  each  test  subject  was  moments  before  the  subject  passed  away.  we  tested  our  algorithm  on  the  ecg  signals  from  all  the  subjects  shown  in  table  and  the  results  were  accurate  as  expected.  we  show  some  details  of  the  algorithms  results  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  subject  5  from  table  .  figure  shows  the  ecg  signal  for  subject  5.  figure  19:  before  showing  the  prediction  algorithm  results,  we  will  explain  the  results  from  the  feature  extraction  to  show  why  the  algorithm  triggered  warnings.  heart  rates  for  first  11  sample  windows  sample  window  2  figure  20:  figure  21:  the  prediction  results  for  the  ecg  signal  are  shown  in  figure  .  the  warning  result  from  the  second  sample  window,  the  one  we  discussed,  is  highlighted  in  yellow.  we  observed  a  remarkable  fluctuation  in  all  the  features  and  the  algorithm  triggered  warnings  of  level  3  for  almost  all
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  sample  windows  as  expected  for  a  patient  who  had  a  history  of  cardiac  surgery  and  passed  away  shortly  after  the  signal  was  recorded.  figure  22:  in  this  paper,  we  designed  and  developed  an  integrated  smart  iot  system  to  predict  and  monitor  heart  abnormality  in  user.  we  also  managed  to  create  a  low  power  consumption  communication  channel  between  the  smart  iot  device  and  the  smartphone  application.  this  research  provides  users  a  noninvasive  device  that  allows  them  to  better  understand  how  they  may  feel  about  their  ecg.  the  results  from  different  data  sets  are  also  presented  to  show  that  this  approach
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring provides  a  high  rate  of  classification  correctness  in  distinguishing  between  at  normal  and  abnormal  ecg  patterns.  the  system  may  also  find  multiple  applications  in  behavior  detection  for  people  with  various  disabilities.  to  test  the  chronological  durability  and  longterm  feasibility  of  our  approach  in  the  future,  we  plan  to  test  our  system  with  data  from  the  people  who  suffer  from  heart  problems.  we  plan  to  test  the  power  consumption  rate  for  whole  working  life  of  the  device  during  test  on  the  field.  we  also  plan  to  measure  the  different  physiological  parameters  of  the  user  during  daily  activities.  additionally,  the  system  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  used  in  the  smart  home  monitoring  system  for  future  wireless  technology.  also,  we  can  enhance  the  system  by  adding  more  sensors,  like,  galvanic  skin  response  gsr,  accelerometer,  to  the  iot  device.  the  data  used  to  support  the  findings  of  this  study  are  available  from  the  corresponding  author  upon  request.  this  paper  is  based  on  the  ms  thesis  work  by  the  author  yosuf  amr  elsaadany  .  the  authors  declare  that  they  have  no  conflicts  of  interest  regarding  the  publication  of  this  paper.  this  work  was  supported  in  part  by  the  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  miami  university,  oxford,  oh,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring usa.  we  would  like  to  thank  the  electrical  engineering  department  at  miami  university  for  funding  the  project.  this  especially  includes  ms.  tina  carico  and  jeff  peterson.  we  would  also  like  to  thank  ishmat  zerin  for  reviewing  the  early  drafts  of  this  paper.  internet  of  things:  converging  technologies  for  smart  environments  and  integrated  ecosystems  smart  cities  and  the  internet  of  everything:  the  foundation  for  delivering  nextgeneration  citizen  services  the  internet  of  things  how  the  next  evolution  of  the  internet  is  changing  everything  proceedings  of  science  and  information  conference,  sai  2013  choosing  an  iot  security  provider  journal  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring proceedings  of  the  40th  annual  conference  of  the  ieee  industrial  electronics  society  proceedings  of  the  11th  international  bhurban  conference  on  applied  sciences  and  technology  proceedings  of  the  4th  international  workshop  on  the  web  of  things  wot  2013,  ubicomp  13  adjunct  international  journal  of  smart  home  journal  of  healthcare  engineering  journal  of  biomedical  informatics  proceedings  of  the  10th  iberian  conference  on  information  systems  and  technologies  cisti  15  journal  of  the  american  heart  association  aaohn  journal  :  official  journal  of  the  american  association  of  occupational  health  nurses  mobile  computing,  applications,  and  services  international  journal  of  pharmacy  technology  ijpt  international  journal  of  innovative
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring research  in  computer  and  communication  engineering  mobile  networks  and  applications  international  journal  of  humancomputer  studies  ieee  transactions  on  information  technology  in  biomedicine  proceedings  of  the  7th  international  conference  on  pervasive  computing  technologies  for  healthcare  and  workshops,  pervasivehealth  2013  proceedings  of  the  11th  ieee  international  symposium  on  wearable  computers  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  biosignal  analysis,  processing  and  systems  icbaps  signal  processing  noise,  electrical  engineering  and  applied  signal  processing  series  international  journal  of  engineering  research  and  general  science  a  wireless  early  prediction  system  of  cardiac  arrest  through  iot.  dissertation,  thesis  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  its  smart  thermometer,  kinsa  wants  to  revolutionize  the  thermometer  by  getting  it  to  read  the  health  weather  of  a  community.  read  more  wireless  blood  pressure  monitor  makes  it  easy  to  check  your  blood  pressure  heart  rate,  anytime  and  anywhere  with  an  instant  feedback  and  access  to  all  your  readings.  read  more  pulseons  patented  optical  sensor  detecting  and  measuring  heart  rate  is  excelling  among  optical  sensors  developed  for  continuous,  accurate  and  reliable  heart  rate.  read  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  app  gives  you  instant  color  coded  feedback  based  on  the  esh  european  society  of  hypertension  and  the  aha  american  heart  association  recommendations  for  hypertension.  use  the  wireless  blood  pressure  monitor  for  prevention  or  to  check  the  efficacy  of  your  treatment.  either  way,  a  few  taps  on  your  smartphone  is  all  it  takes  to  share  measurements  with  your  doctor.  the  devicehas  been  used  in  studies  and  trials  conducted  in  several  universities  and  healthcare  systems:  university  college  dublin  ucd,  centre  hospitalier  universitaire  chu  de  toulouse,  american  medical  group  association,  university  of  pennsylvania,  hegp  cardiology,  blood  pressure  study.  use  your  apple  watch
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  easily  start  a  measurement  on  your  withings  pressure  monitor  view  your  last  measurement  and  overall  trends  at  a  glance  with  health  mate  for  apple  watch  apple  health  compatible:  ability  to  automatically  export  all  your  withings  data  to  apple  health.  this  devicesimplifies  the  process  of  monitoring  your  blood  pressure  and  accessing  your  data.  wrap  the  cuff  around  your  arm,  and  open  the  health  mate  application.  follow  the  instructions  provided  in  the  app  and  press  start.  receive  your  systolic  and  diastolic  dataas  well  as  heart  rate.  measurements  are  automatically  synced  and  stored  in  the  health  mate  app  on  your  smartphone  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring its  estimated  that  a  third  of  american  adults  have  high  blood  pressure,  which  puts  them  at  a  higher  risk  of  heart  attack  or  stroke.  too  often,  diagnosing  and  monitoring  this  is  left  too  late.  if  having  your  blood  pressure  taken  at  thedoctors  fills  you  with  dread,  investing  in  a  home  monitor  can  take  away  a  lotof  the  stress.  it  can  also  be  a  lot  more  convenient.  buying  a  good  blood  pressure  monitor  is  a  great  way  of  keepingtabs  on  your  body  with  ,  and  helps  to  avoid  a  nasty  surprise  at  the  doctors.  with  smarter  variants,  blood  pressure  is  recorded
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  a  handy  app,  so  you  can  easily  see  anytrends  or  patterns,  which  can  help  you  to  make  lifestyle  changes  more  quickly.whats  more,  you  can  show  your  doctor  your  results,  giving  a  much  more  roundedview  of  your  health.  until  the  likes  of  ,  fitbit,  and  find  a  way  to  accurately  pack  the  tech  to  track  blood  pressure  into  a  smartwatch  or  another  wearable  form,  these  are  the  smart  monitors  we  think  you  should  consider.  we  also  dig  into  the  basics  of  blood  pressure  monitoring  if  youre  ready  to  take  readings  at  home  for  the  first  time.  the  omron  10  series
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  our  pick  of  the  best  smart  blood  pressure  monitors  for  its  big  easytoread  screen  and  accurate  results,  taken  as  an  average  from  three  consecutive  readings.  it  also  supports  two  users,  handy  if  you  have  a  household  with  two  people  needing  measurements.  it  can  store  100  readings  per  person,  too.  if  youre  after  a  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor,  the  omron  heartguide  is  the  best  option  available.  its  the  most  convenient  monitor  as  it  hides  the  blood  pressure  cuff  in  its  band.  as  you  constantly  wear  it,  its  able  to  take  readings  throughout  the  day  to  gather  insight  into  trends.  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  wearable  blood  pressure  monitor  watch,  its  also  able  to  track  steps  and  monitor  your  sleep,  so  the  app  is  able  to  correlate  your  blood  pressure  with  your  everyday  activity.  the  heartguide  can  also  mirror  your  phones  notifications,  adding  in  some  smartwatch  functionality.  in  this  section,  well  be  clearing  up  a  few  of  the  common  queries  you  may  have  about  blood  pressure  and  the  monitors  available  on  the  market.  weve  already  noted  how  many  tech  companies  are  exploring  smartwatchstyle  designs,  but  the  most  common  kind  right  now  involves  a  cuff  worn  over  the  upper  arm  to  take  readings.  these  work
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring by  measuring  the  strength  of  the  push  from  your  moving  blood  against  the  sides  of  blood  vessels,  giving  you  a  figure  that  can  help  determine  if  your  blood  pressure  is  too  high,  too  low  or  just  right.  you  thought  this  was  all  simple,  didnt  you?  instead  youve  been  taken  back  to  school  with  this  weird  fraction  figure,  when  all  you  wanted  was  to  be  responsible  and  understand  your  blood  pressure.  well,  it  actually  is  very  straightforward  dont  be  intimidated.  blood  pressure  is  measured  in  millimetres  of  mercury  mmhg  and  given  as  two  figures.  the  first,  and  the  one  on  top,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  your  systolic  pressure;  the  pressure  when  your  heart  pushes  blood  out.  the  other,  and  the  one  below  the  division  bar,  is  your  diastolic  pressure;  the  pressure  when  your  heart  rests  between  beats.  so,  if  your  blood  pressure  monitor  shows  a  reading  of  120/70mmhg,  it  means  you  have  a  systolic  pressure  of  120mmhg  and  a  diastolic  pressure  of  70mmhg.  you  may  know  what  the  numbers  denote,  but  youll  want  to  know  what  they  actually  mean,  and  what  is  considered  high,  low  and  normal  blood  pressure.  generally  speaking,  normal  is  considered  to  be  between  90/60mmhg  and  120/80  mmhg,  while  high  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring anything  around  or  above  140/90mmhg  and  low  is  below  90/60mmhg.  read  this:  at  least  in  the  uk,  the  nhs  indicates  that  most  people  sit  within  the  120/80mmhg  and  140/90mmhg  range,  and  while  this  isnt  technically  considered  high,  it  is  whats  known  as  prehigh  blood  pressure.  since  a  higher  blood  pressure  brings  with  it  a  greater  risk  of  health  problems,  such  as  a  heart  attack  or  a  stroke,  youre  still  advised  to  take  steps  to  lower  it  in  this  range.  you  can  go  to  your  doctor  and  get  your  blood  pressure  reading  but,  as  weve  mentioned,  thats  not  the  most  practical
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring method  if  youre  looking  to  routinely  keep  an  eye  on  it.  and  theres  no  point  investing  in  one  of  the  blood  pressure  monitors  detailed  below  if  you  dont  know  what  youre  doing.  naturally,  the  process  is  almost  always  detailed  in  instruction  manuals,  but  we  know  most  people  dont  like  trawling  through  reams  of  reading.  so,  here  are  a  couple  of  key  pointers.  a  cuff  design  offers  the  best  accuracy,  as  opposed  to  wrist  or  finger  monitors,  so  youre  going  to  want  to  probably  prioritise  that.  and  when  you  do  wrap  this  around  your  upper  arm,  you  need  to  make  sure
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring one  youre  buying  is  the  right  size.  in  order  to  test  this,  measure  the  midpoint  between  your  shoulder  and  forearm  this  is  where  the  cuff  will  sit  and  make  sure  it  aligns  with  the  monitor  youre  looking  to  purchase.  if  you  dont,  you  risk  winding  up  with  inaccurate  readings.  youll  notice  that  only  one  blood  pressure  monitor  in  the  list  below  takes  measurements  from  your  wrist.  its  a  difficult  thing  to  do  accurately,  which  is  why  weve  yet  to  see  a  fitbit  blood  pressure  monitor.  the  omron  heartguide  is  currently  the  only  one  we  recommend  as  its  gotten  fda  approval.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring :  omron  has  established  quite  a  name  for  itself  in  home  blood  pressure  monitoring,  and  earns  one  of  two  shoutouts  on  this  list  for  its  10  series  upper  arm  smart  blood  pressure  monitor.  this  one  has  a  larger  screen  than  the  evolv,  and  accuracy  is  the  name  of  the  game  here:  it  takes  three  consecutive  readings  the  recommended  amount  of  readings  and  works  out  the  average.  and,  of  course,  it  will  let  you  sync  your  data  with  your  phone,  which  includes  connectivity  to  apple  health.  another  feature  we  like  is  the  support  for  two  different  users,  with  the  capacity  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hold  100  readings  for  each  person.  this  might  lack  some  of  the  flash  of  others  on  the  list,  but  in  return  you  get  guaranteed  precision.  the  omron  heartguide  is  unique  on  this  list  as  its  a  wristbased  blood  pressure  monitor  watch  thats  managed  to  get  fda  clearance.  its  the  best  blood  pressure  watch  currently  available.  it  cleverly  hides  a  blood  pressure  cuff  in  the  smartwatch,  and  it  wont  just  keep  track  of  your  blood  pressure  all  day  whenever  you  want.  you  can  also  track  your  fitness  and  get  smartphone  notifications.  youre  only  going  to  need  to  charge  it  once  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring twice  a  week,  as  every  charge  will  get  you  30  to  50  blood  pressure  checks  aka  inflations  of  that  cuff.  omron  is  also  going  to  try  to  get  more  information  on  its  users  like  fitness  tracking  to  give  feedback  on  insights  and  trends  and  help  you  avoid  heart  attacks  and  strokes.  this  rather  elegant,  batterypowered  model  works  just  like  an  nhs  monitor,  only  it  doesnt  look  half  as  ugly.  in  fact,  its  rather  applelike  in  design,  and  that  extends  to  the  classy  packaging.  using  bluetooth,  simply  connect  the  qardioarm  monitor  to  your  ios/android  smartphone,  tablet  or  smartwatch,  register  your  personal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring details  height,  weight,  age,  wrap  the  unit  around  your  upper  arm  and  hit  the  big  green  start  button  on  your  mobile  device.  results  including  pulse  rate  are  automatically  synced  with  the  app,  which  keeps  a  record  of  all  readings  in  calendar  form.  to  send  the  results  to  your  gp,  simply  hit  the  standard  appledesigned  share  icon.  like  all  the  best  devices,  the  qardioarm  is  easy  to  use  so  theres  no  need  for  any  instruction  manual  malarkey.  its  also  eminently  portable  and  available  in  a  range  of  attractive  colours.  the  omron  evolv  is  a  small,  pocketsized  blood  pressure  monitor  that  offers
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring connectivity  via  nfc  nearfield  communication.  unlike  the  qardioarm,  the  evolv  doesnt  entertain  the  user  with  a  pretty  bellsandwhistles  smartphone  interface.  instead,  it  uses  a  simple  blackandwhite  display  unit,  which,  in  turn,  is  attached  to  an  inflatable  strap  that  slips  onto  the  upper  arm.  you  can  wirelessly  connect  to  your  online  dashboard  for  a  digital  record  of  your  blood  pressure  readings,  since  the  device  connects  to  both  ios  and  android  devices.  its  even  compatible  with  alexa.  kinetiks  cuff  and  monitor  setup  is  the  most  affordable  option  on  our  list  if  youre  after  a  home  blood  pressure  monitor  that  can  send  data
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  your  smartphone.  the  cuff  should  fit  sizes  of  2242cm  and  comes  equipped  with  a  large,  easy  to  read  backlit  display  that  can  store  60  user  readings.  the  bluetooth  support  means  you  can  connect  it  to  the  kinetik  health  sense  companion  app,  letting  you  explore  your  vitals  details  in  greater  depth  and  get  a  better  understanding  of  your  progress.  crucially,  kinetiks  monitor  has  been  built  to  the  european  society  of  hypertension  esh  and  the  british  hypertension  society  bhs  guidelines  to  ensure  its  fit  for  use.  word  of  warning:  this  doesnt  appear  to  be  available  on  amazon  us  at  the  moment.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  blip  wifi  blood  pressure  monitor  doesnt  rely  on  bluetooth,  meaning  you  dont  need  a  mobile  device  nearby  or  even  an  app  to  start  up  the  readings.  theyre  simply  uploaded  automatically  using  your  home  wifi  network.  its  easy  to  use,  plus  it  supports  two  users  and  allows  for  the  monitor  to  be  shared.  reminders  can  also  be  set  up  through  your  online  account,  with  the  device  beeping  at  you  during  the  times  youve  set  up.  however,  youll  only  be  reminded  if  youve  missed  a  reading.  like  most  of  the  other  blood  pressure  monitors,  you  can  get  reports  on  the  readings
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  share  with  family  or  physician.  although  this  monitor  wont  win  any  awards  for  its  aesthetics,  it  does  pack  some  great  features  into  a  simple  and  effective  package.  the  pyle  health  smartphone  app  has  a  clean,  colourful  design,  allowing  up  to  four  different  users  to  track  their  blood  pressure.  it  can  keep  tabs  on  your  past  results  and  produce  graphs  for  easy  data  absorption.  these  results  can  then  be  emailed  to  your  doctor,  too,  so  they  can  get  the  detailed  information  they  need  to  make  a  relevant  reading  of  your  heart  health.  the  pyle  health  app  can  also  work  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  pyle  scales  and  thermometer,  for  more  comprehensive  health  coverage.  like  the  qardioarm,  thisihealth  model  is  comprised  of  a  large  but  easily  portable  measuring  unit  thatinflates  a  strap  around  the  arm.  all  results  are  sent  directly  to  theaccompanying  free  app  on  your  smartphone  both  android  and  ios.  the  app  itself  is  very  well  structured  witheasytofollow  instructions  and  we  especially  like  the  way  it  keeps  the  userinformed  with  an  animated  graph  during  the  test  process.  the  main  unit  itselfis  very  similar  in  design  to  the  qardioarm.  the  ihealth  systemworks  well,  too,  and  the  company  also  produces  several  other  versions  if  youre
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring looking  for  a  cheaper  alternative.  omron  isnt  the  only  company  exploring  blood  pressure  monitoring  through  the  wrist,  with  asus  soon  set  to  make  a  return  to  smartwatches  in  an  unexpected  way  through  the  .  using  a  combination  of  both  ecg  and  lightbased  ppg  heart  monitoring  traditionally  found  in  wearables,  the  device  will  offer  users  measurements  in  real  time,  while  also  stretching  out  as  a  wider  health  tracker  heart  rate,  sleep  quality,  a  destress  index  and  activity  data  are  all  tracked  around  the  clock.  however,  its  also  awaiting  fda  approval.  and  though  the  company  has  already  released  the  device  in  asia,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  have  no  fixed  timeline  for  its  release  in  other  territories.  if  and  when  it  does,  its  likely  to  cost  around  169  and  feature  a  28day  battery  life.  one  may  wonder  why  bp  monitors  parameter  specifications  are  rarely  mentioned  in  articles,  neither  benchmarked  regarding  accuracy  and  precision.  note  that  cuffless  bp  methodology  like  from  ppg  ecg  has  never  been  validated  ...  actually  qardio  copied  ihealth  feel  as  ihealth  launched  that  product  since  2012...  and  qardio  maybe  2014  or  2013.  for  ihealth  feel  its  with  chargeable  battery  but  qardio  you  have  to  use  aa  batteries  to  power....  most  importantly  ihealth  got
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 0  ihealth  thermometer  infrared  forehead  thermometer  ihealthsmart  wireless  glucomonitoring  system  ihealth  clear  blood  pressure  monitor  ihealthcore  body  composition  scale  ihealth  air  pulse  oximeter  ihealth  test  strips  blood  glucose  test  strips  diabetes  data  beamed  to  your  phone  walt  mossberg  reviews  two  new  meters  from  ihealth  and  lifescan  forget  speaker  docks.  ihealth  labs  is  introducing  a  dock  that  will  take  your  blood  pressure  and  store  the  results  on  your  iphone,  ipad,  or  ipod  touch.  a  new  gizmo  called  ihealth  lets  you  track,  graph  and  share  your  blood  pressure  info  on  an  ipad,  iphone  or  ipod  touch.  for  the  stats  guy:  ihealth  core.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring dense  with  data,  plus  a  few  other  accessories,  the  app  can  track  bp  and  blood  oxygen,  too.  ihealths  new  infrared  thermometer  could  be  a  parents  best  weapon  against  a  cranky,  sick  child  as  it  allows  for  lightningquick  temperature  readings  without  actually  having  to  make  contact  with  the  skin.  coupled  with  its  app,  the  ihealth  core  is  one  of  the  most  capable,  intuitive  bathroom  scales  we  reviewed.  ihealth  is  a  healthcare  management  company  striving  to  revitalize  old  healthcare  devices  with  modern  technology  everyone  is  familiar  with.  the  myvitals  and  glucosmart  mobile  app  can  sync  with  all  ihealth  products  and  allow  you
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  view  every  result  in  one  app.  well  designed  and  easy  to  use  device  that  includes  key  features  like  compact  packing  of  the  device,  a  reminder  functionality,  a  large  cuff  size  option,  and  the  availability  of  thirdparty  validation  process.  i  would  recommend  the  companion  app,  named  glucosmart,  to  people  with  diabetes  as  a  standalone  glucose  logbook  app.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 0  blood  pressure,  weight,  glucose  and  fitness  are  all  aspects  of  your  personal  health.  our  mobile  health  apps  work  with  the  suite  of  ihealth  products  that  let  you  measure,  track  and  share  your  vitals  to  help  you  stay  on  top  of  your  health.  automatically  track  and  manage  your  key  health  vitals  all  in  one  place.  the  sleek,  userfriendly  screens  make  it  simple  and  easy  to  quickly  take  measurements  using  your  ihealth  devices.  your  health  information  is  automatically  stored  in  the  app  in  a  fun  and  easy  to  read  format.  this  mobile  health  app  provides  instant  access  to  your  measurements  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring allows  you  to  see  how  you  are  doing  versus  goals.  the  ihealth  wireless  smart  glucomonitoring  system  lets  you  measure  and  record  your  glucose  levels  using  a  portable  and  your  bluetoothenabled  mobile  device.  the  first  system  of  its  kind  and  great  for  traveling,  it  includes  a  sleek  meter  with  an  easytoread  led  display.  its  fast,  too,  taking  measurements  and  delivering  accurate  results  in  just  five  seconds.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 0  wifi  blood  pressure  monitor  with  result  comparison  and  voice  features  about  ihealth  clear  our  track  model  makes  blood  pressure  measurement  so  much  easier  with  the  press  of  one  button,  you  get  accurate  blood  pressure  readings  right  on  the  device  screen.  see  how  your  activity  affects  your  oxygen  level  and  pulse  pre  and  post  workout  premium  quality.  results  you  can  trust.  features  about  ihealth  feel  easy  and  affordable  wireless  blood  pressure  dock.  get  everything  you  need  to  manage  your  sugar  levels  at  an  affordable  priceincludes:  1  ihealth  smart  glucomonitoring  system,  1  control  solution,  2  lancet  pack  100  ct  total,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 2  vials  of  test  strips  100  ct  get  everything  you  need  to  manage  your  sugar  levels  at  an  affordable  priceincludes  1  ihealth  align  glucomonitor,  1  lancing  device,  1  carry  bag,  1  lancet  pack  50  ct  total  and  1  test  strip  packs  50  elegant  and  reliable  wireless  bmi  weight  scale  easily  measures,  tracks  and  shares  your  fitness  data  and  progress.  view  your  results  conveniently  on  ihealth  myvitals  app.  ihealth  blood  glucose  test  strips  and  control  solution  are  sold  separately.  features  about  ihealth  align  ihealth  test  strips  and  control  solutions  are  sold  separately.works  exclusively  with  ihealth  test  strips  and  work  with  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring app  to  track  expiration  and  quantity,  so  you  never  run  out.  clinically  accurate.  intuitive  display.  now  offering  free  shippingincludes  2  vials  of  25  strips  for  50  strips  total.ihealth  blood  glucose  test  strips  represent  an  easy  and  accurate  way  to  measure  your  blood  sugar  levels  at  home  or  when  traveling.  works  test  your  ihealth  glucometers  and  test  strips  with  this  level  2  control  solution.  free  shipping.  elegant,  portable,  and  easytouse  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor  the  scale  that  has  both  looks  and  the  intelligence  to  give  you  the  best  insights  to  your  body  composition.  50  disposable  lancets  30gauge  for  use  with  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ihealth  lancing  device.  ihealths  lancing  device,  for  use  with  align  and  smart  wireless  glucometer.  free  shipping.get  this  comfortable  blood  pressure  cuff  for  use  with  the  bp3.  multiple  sizes  available.  make  your  health  complete  with  our  special  fitness  and  diet  management.includes:  ihealth  ease  blood  pressure  monitor,  ihealth  smart  glucomonitoring  system  glucose  meter  2  test  strip  boxes.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 0  ihealth  support  get  help  with  ihealth  thermometer  more  resources  ,  shipping,  warranty  returns,  payments  billing  account  password  management.  still  need  help?  submit  a  support  ticket  mon  fri:  8:30am  5:30pm  pt  learn  more  about  our  more  product  support  choose  your  product  for  access  to  manuals,  device  compatibility,  faqs  and  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 0  wireless  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor  clinically  accurate.  insanely  portable.  wireless  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor  clinically  accurate.  insanely  portable.  clinically  tested  ,  the  ihealth  sense  wireless  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor  gives  you  reliable  readings  at  home  or  on  the  go.  view  your  blood  pressure  and  pulse  measurement  instantly  on  the  sleek  display.  this  smart  wrist  blood  pressure  monitor  detects  and  directs  optimal  arm  position  on  the  units  display  for  precise  results.  this  smart  wrist  cuff  detects  and  directs  optimal  arm  position  on  the  units  display  for  precise  results.  blood  pressure  readings  are  stored  on  the  secure  and  free  ihealth  cloud.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  hypertension  affects  one  in  five  adults  worldwide.  healthcare  processes  require  interdisciplinary  cooperation  and  coordination  between  medical  teams,  clinical  processes,  and  patients.  the  lack  of  patients  empowerment  and  adherence  to  treatment  makes  necessary  to  integrate  patients,  data  collecting  devices  and  clinical  processes.  for  this  reason,  in  this  paper  we  propose  a  model  based  on  business  process  management  paradigm,  together  with  a  group  of  technologies,  techniques  and  it  principles  which  increase  the  benefits  of  the  paradigm.  to  achieve  the  proposed  model,  the  clinical  process  of  the  hypertension  is  analyzed  with  the  objective  of  detecting
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring weaknesses  and  improving  the  process.  once  the  process  is  analyzed,  an  architecture  that  joins  health  devices  and  environmental  sensors,  together  with  an  information  system,  has  been  developed.  to  test  the  architecture,  a  web  system  connected  with  health  monitors  and  environment  sensors,  and  with  a  mobile  app  have  been  implemented.  high  blood  pressure  hypertension  is  considered  a  risk  for  cardiovascular  disease  and  has  a  high  prevalence  in  the  population  .  known  as  the  silent  killer,  can  present  no  symptoms  and  it  contributes  to  damage  the  heart  and  blood  vessels  in  organs  such  as  brain  and  kidneys.  according  to  the  world  health
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring organization,  one  in  five  adults  worldwide  have  high  blood  pressure  and  this  condition  is  directly  related  with  half  of  all  deaths  from  stroke  and  heart  disease  .  in  spain,  hypertension  prevalence  in  people  older  than  65  years  old  has  been  increasing  progressively  in  the  last  decades,  from  53.2  in  1993  to  86.2  in  2006  .  high  blood  pressure  is  preventable  and  the  treatment  includes  both  drugs  and  recommendations  for  a  healthier  lifestyle:  healthy  diet,  physical  activity  and  stress  management  .  despite  the  importance  of  following  the  treatment  and  these  recommendations,  many  patients  forget  them  mainly  because  they  feel  healthy  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring they  dont  realize  the  benefits  for  treating  high  blood  pressure  hbp  and  consequently,  for  their  health  .  in  we  can  find  several  factors  related  to  the  compliance  with  treatments  such  as  the  difficulty  to  understand  leaflets,  low  awareness  about  treatment  and  complications  of  hypertension,  doctorpatient  interaction  not  encouraging,  etc.  apart  from  the  health  problems  for  the  patients  derived  from  a  low  compliance  there  are  other  associated  issues  such  as  frustration  for  doctors  and  the  burden  to  the  national  health  systems  .  analyzing  all  these  problems  we  can  classify  them  mainly  into  patient  measurement  monitoring  and  patient  participation  understood  as  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring implication  and  their  relationship  with  the  rest  of  participants.  these  issues  are  the  main  problem  addressed  in  this  work,  involving  an  inefficiency  in  the  hbp  patient  monitoring  process  that  therefore  reduces  of  the  treatment  effectiveness  and  increases  the  associated  costs.  we  propose  to  face  these  problems  associated  to  the  clinical  process  of  high  blood  pressure  treatment  contributing  to  the  improvement  of  the  patients  empowerment  capacity.  this  concept  has  been  accepted  as  an  approach  to  improve  the  chronic  processes  management  .  the  main  idea  of  patients  empowerment  is  that  the  patient  takes  control  in  the  decisionmaking  process  that  affects  his  health.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  course,  this  requires  that  patients  develop  personal  skills  and  have  access  to  information  and  resources  related  with  their  health  .  it  is  in  the  latter  aspect,  health  information  and  resources,  where  technology  can  make  the  biggest  contribution.  for  example,  in  we  can  find  as  a  conclusion  of  the  study  that  blood  pressure  monitoring  can  help  patients  to  improve  the  involvement  in  their  own  care  management.  a  more  regular  monitoring  of  health  variables  is  turned  into  more  detailed  information  and  allows  patients  to  have  more  data  that  may  contribute  to  the  decisionmaking  process  that  affects  his  health.  there  are  research
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring projects  in  which  devices  like  blood  pressure  devices,  smart  wrist  bands  or  any  wearable  device  are  connected  to  mobile  apps  in  order  to  monitor  parameters  like  blood  pressure  or  physical  activity  .  all  of  them  aim  to  assist  patients  to  selfmanage  their  health  and/or  lifestyle  behaviors  but  most  of  them  lack  integration  with  the  clinical  process  and  they  work  in  a  standalone  mode.  most  of  these  proposals  follow  a  bottomup  software  design  strategy,  focused  on  resolving  a  specific  problem  achieving  technological  partial  solutions  from  client  requirements.  this  approach  is  not  processoriented,  so  it  does  not  consider  the  strategic  goals,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring participants  involved  or  the  relationships  between  different  parts  of  the  overall  clinical  process.  by  contrast,  a  topdown  processoriented  approach,  focused  on  an  overview  of  what  the  organization  is  trying  to  achieve,  defines  or  redesigns  the  whole  clinical  process  identifying  specific  problems  that  impede  optimal  results  .  in  this  way,  it  is  possible  to  offer  a  global  and  comprehensive  solution  focused  on  the  needs  of  all  involved  parties.  for  decades,  several  strategies  and  paradigms  have  been  developed  in  other  areas  such  as  manufacturing  and  business,  for  the  continuous  improvement  of  both  processes  oriented  to  clients  satisfaction  and  process  automation.  business  process
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring management  bpm  is  one  of  the  most  recent  process  management  strategies  and  also  one  that  has  a  significant  impact  .  it  is  focused  on  the  continuous  improvement  of  business  processes  using  information  technology  as  one  of  its  main  principles  in  processes  automation;  furthermore,  bpm  enables  alignment  between  business  process  and  underlying  technologies,  integration  of  every  actor  and  the  complete  tracking  of  the  process  execution.  so  far,  in  health  issues,  most  research  has  focused  on  improving  administrative  processes,  although  there  are  some  projects  focused  on  improving  clinical  processes  ,  .  all  these  features  are  achieved  in  the  form  of  a  continuous
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring process  management  life  cycle  consisting  of  the  following  phases:  1  discovery,  where  the  current  process  and  modeling  are  understood  asis  process;  2  analysis,  where  weaknesses  and  shortcomings  are  identified  to  reach  new  objectives;  3  re  design,  where  a  new  process  model  tobe  process  is  proposed  with  solutions  to  achieve  new  objectives;  4  implementation,  where  from  the  tobe  model,  workflow  and  tasks  are  integrated  with  the  underlying  technologies  and  participants;  5  execution,  where  process  instances  are  initiated  and  interact  with  the  participants;  and  6  control,  where  it  is  validated  if  the  proposed  objectives  are  being  achieved.  associated  to  the  bpm  paradigm,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring there  have  arisen  software  platforms  denominated  business  process  management  system  bpms,  which  implement  their  whole  cycle  and  offer  a  set  of  techniques  and  technologies  that  make  those  stages  more  dynamic.  the  technological  components  linked  to  this  system  grant  its  key  features  and  benefits:  to  monitor  and  control  key  performance  indicators  of  the  process;  to  guide  participants  automatically  about  the  tasks  they  must  perform;  to  reduce  costs  by  automating  and  improving  processes  in  real  time;  to  adapt  processes  to  changes  in  an  agile  way;  to  integrate  process  tasks  with  any  technology;  and  to  offer  a  solution  decoupled  from  the  underlying  technologies.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  proposal  and  novelty  of  this  paper  focuses  on  a  new  model  whose  goal  is  to  help  in  the  improvement  of  the  patients  empowerment;  to  achieve  this  goal  we  have  followed  a  topdown  approach  using  bpm  as  backbone  to  take  advantage  of  its  benefits.  with  this  philosophy,  patients  can  know  how  context,  environment  and  their  physiological  state  influence  their  disease,  and  this  knowledge  will  improve  patients  capability  to  become  an  active  part  in  the  decisionmaking  process  together  with  the  health  staff.  all  participants  involved  in  the  process  can  know  through  of  standard  mode  what  task  to  do,  and  when  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring how  to  do  it.  in  addition,  the  hbp  patient  monitoring  process  will  be  adapted  automatically  from  the  information  obtained  and  from  the  health  staff  actions.  for  that,  in  our  proposal,  we  include  a  comprehensive  redesign  of  the  clinical  process  of  hypertension  integrating  remote  sensing,  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  and  usability  principles.  although  we  can  find  proposals  which  tackle,  in  a  specific  and  independent  way,  several  issues  related  to  the  hypertension  process,  there  are  not  complete  solutions.  on  the  one  side,  most  of  the  proposals  present  systems  aimed  just  at  the  monitoring  of  the  blood  pressure  focused  in  the  viewing
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  information  or  its  transmission,  but  they  dont  use  context  information  or  other  data  related  to  the  disease  such  as  physical  activity  or  weight  changes  in  order  to  give  structured  knowledge  to  the  users  patients  and  doctors.  on  the  other  hand,  some  works  are  focused  in  a  process  approach  using  evidencebased  guidelines,  however  these  proposals  are  directed  at  solving  problems  from  the  point  of  view  of  clinical  staff,  especially  human  errors.  there  are  not  proposals  that  join  both  positions  and  their  benefits.  our  proposal  adopts  a  process  approach  using  bpm  and  a  system  that  monitors  several  variables  related  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  hypertension  so  we  can  provide  the  patient  with  detailed  dynamic  information,  dynamic  recommendations  according  to  the  data  obtained  and,  in  general,  a  mechanism  to  guide  patients  and  clinical  staff  in  the  tracking  of  this  chronic  disease.  in  the  following  section,  we  study  the  state  of  the  art  of  topics  related  with  the  research.  then,  in  an  analysis  of  the  clinical  process  associated  with  hypertension  and  a  group  of  detected  weaknesses  are  presented.  in  we  propose  a  model  focused  on  the  improvement  of  patients  empowerment  capacity  in  order  to  minimize  the  detected  weaknesses  and,  therefore,  to  contribute  in  the  improvement
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  quality  of  life  of  the  patient.  in  we  present  a  redesign  of  the  clinical  process  studied,  integrating  the  proposed  model.  next,  an  architecture  aimed  to  help  to  the  patients  empowerment  capacity  is  developed,  using  remote  sensing  and  iot  to  get  health  data  such  as  blood  pressure  from  patients.  using  this  architecture,  in  a  prototype  has  been  designed  and  implemented.  finally,  in  ,  the  conclusions  of  this  paper  are  presented.  nowadays,  there  are  many  factors  to  consider  in  order  to  monitor  hypertension  .  the  remote  measurement  of  blood  pressure  through  specific  devices  connected  to  a  smart  device  is  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring current  topic  that  benefits  most  patients.  some  studies  have  reported  improved  blood  pressure  using  mobile  health  mhealth  solutions  .  in  a  phonebased  reminder  application  for  patients  who  are  using  at  least  two  prescription  medications  is  used.  this  application  works  standalone  without  any  integration  with  the  clinical  process.  in  ,  they  telemonitored  blood  pressure  using  a  mobile  device,  and  both  patients  and  physicians  were  informed  about  data,  but  the  system  was  focused  just  on  alerts  and  not  in  the  integration  with  the  clinical  process.  in  addition,  this  system  does  not  inform  about  how  to  neutralize  those  alerts.  on  the  market,  there
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  systems  that  collect  and  transmit  patients  information.  among  all  existing  wireless  technologies  today,  bluetooth  and  rfid  technologies  are  the  most  commonly  used  ones  because  they  are  userfriendly  and  not  limited  by  patients  devices  .  in  addition,  these  technologies  are  already  available  in  many  personal  devices  such  as  smartphones  and  tablets.  data  transmission  between  devices  and  external  information  systems  is  usually  achieved  through  a  landline  broadband  or  cellular  network  and  security  is  ensured  by  encryption  protocols  shttp  or  sftp.  presents  a  summary  of  the  most  common  consumerlevel  devices  including  wireless  communication  designed  for  selfmonitoring  of  different  health  variables  such  as
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring blood  pressure,  physical  activity  and  weight.  devices  used  to  control  hypertension  parameters.  if  we  talk  about  a  clinical  management  process,  current  models  focus  on  processoriented  it  technologies  which  have  failed  in  meeting  the  requirements  to  integrate  process  support,  information  management  and  knowledge  management.  current  workflow  management  systems  offer  a  promising  approach  for  implementing  sitespecific  organizational  processes,  but  there  are  still  lots  of  features  missing  .  they  still  do  not  have  the  ability  to  provide  the  flexibility,  agility  and  continuous  improvement  required  to  optimize  clinical  processes.  however,  business  process  management  bpm  provides  methods,  concepts  and  tools  to  fill  these  gaps  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  addition,  iot  is  a  powerful  technology  that  can  improve  all  these  features  in  healthcare  and  medicine.  iot  has  been  applied  to  interconnect  available  medical  resources  and  provide  reliable,  effective  and  smart  healthcare  services  to  patients  with  chronic  diseases.  iot  could  enable  patients  that  are  not  ill  enough  to  be  admitted  to  hospitals,  prevent  and  get  some  information  about  early  detection  of  signs  of  deteriorating  health,  and  could  allow  them  to  get  earlier  and  more  efficient  responses  and  treatments  .  furthermore,  data  collected  by  sensors  can  provide  valuable  information  from  the  monitoring  of  those  chronic  diseases  and  that  information  may
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring help  some  patients  to  make  decisions  about  their  healthcare.  iot  is  providing  innovations  for  the  use  of  basic  nursing  care,  but  they  are  emerging  and  are  still  in  early  stages.  this  technology  is  yet  vaguely  adopted  in  nursing  and  their  possibilities  are  not  yet  exploited  as  well  as  they  could  .  for  this  reason,  nursing  science  might  benefit  from  deeper  involvement  in  engineering  research.  in  critical  factors  are  proposed  to  determine  potential  users  value  perceptions  and  acceptance  of  iot  healthcare  services.  in  ,  data  is  collected  through  body  medical  sensors  to  study  medical  monitoring  with  an  application  based  on  iot.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  a  system  for  chronic  patient  monitoring  based  on  iot,  also  capable  of  workout  routine  recommendations,  was  developed.  the  main  limitation  of  the  mentioned  works  is  that  they  are  presented  as  isolated  solutions  that  are  not  fully  integrated  in  the  current  clinical  processes.  many  solutions  use  proprietary  software  that  does  not  allow  integration  with  other  tools  or  workflows.  therefore,  these  solutions  would  need  some  vertebral  element  so  that  they  could  be  included  completely  in  the  clinical  processes.  environmental  variables,  such  as  pressure  and  temperature,  can  directly  affect  hypertensive  patients  .  therefore,  this  work  not  only  considers  the  patients  monitoring  through
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring digital  devices,  but  also  the  monitoring  of  the  environment  through  different  sensors.  this  automation  of  patient  and  environmental  monitoring,  acquisition,  and  management  of  data,  might  lead  to  improve  the  quality  of  healthcare  by  empowering  the  patients  throughout  the  entire  clinical  process.  the  main  objective  of  this  work  is  to  propose  a  new  model  whose  goal  is  to  help  in  the  improvement  of  the  patients  empowerment,  in  order  to  reduce  the  problems  associated  with  the  monitoring  of  patient  measures  and  the  participation  of  patients  in  the  clinical  process.  according  with  a  bpm  strategy  in  the  discovery  stage  we  need  to  analyze
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring how  the  disease  is  currently  managed  known  as  the  asis  process,  including  tasks  performed,  people  involved,  and  associated  roles.  the  objective  of  this  stage  is  to  detect  where  we  should  make  the  contributions  in  the  current  process  in  order  to  propose  suitable  solutions.  the  presented  process  has  been  based  on  recommendations  from  doctors  and  different  medical  guidelines,  worldwide  accepted  such  as  guidelines  from  the  united  kingdom  or  the  united  states  .  from  the  study  it  is  gathered  that,  although  the  guidelines  define  a  group  of  common  tasks,  each  of  them  establishes  sets  of  subtasks  or  specific  procedures  according  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring environment,  where  the  implementation  is  developed  geographic  location,  primary  care  centers,  hospitals,  etc.,  which  shows  a  lack  of  a  de  facto  standard.  besides,  these  guidelines  are  presented  as  procedures  oriented  to  the  development  of  the  task  itself  much  more  than  as  processes,  which  are  focused  on  patients  and  how  to  add  value  to  satisfy  their  needs.  the  current  hypertension  process  involves  several  human  teams  participating  in  the  different  tasks,  which  implies  the  need  of  adequate  coordination  among  them  in  order  to  avoid  problems  associated  to  patients.  apart  from  the  patient,  who  should  follow  the  clinical  recommendations  and  to  assist  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring appointments,  we  find  two  other  roles:  doctors  and  nurses.  according  to  ,  ,  when  a  person  is  diagnosed  with  high  blood  pressure  hbp,  the  treatment  and  monitoring  process  start  in  order  to  control  its  blood  pressure.  this  patient  must  be  classified  according  to  their  symptoms.  this  involves  some  tests  and  physical  explorations.  the  nurse  then  takes  blood  pressure  and  depending  on  the  severity  of  the  illness,  an  analysis  and  an  ecg  may  also  be  performed.  according  to  the  severity  of  the  hbp,  the  patient  initiates  a  drug  treatment  which  is  regularly  supervised.  all  this  treatment  and  monitoring  process  usually  requires
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  patient  goes  to  a  health  center.  some  patients  can  provide  the  data  collected  when  their  blood  pressure  is  taken  at  home.  similarly,  the  nurse  measures  the  blood  pressure  to  the  patient  when  he  is  in  the  health  center.  shows  the  hbp  clinical  process  asis.  asis  process  of  hbp  diagnosis  and  monitoring.  once  the  asis  process  is  analyzed,  we  identify  the  main  causes  that  we  want  to  minimize  to  achieve  a  more  efficient  hbp  patient  monitoring  process.  to  identify  the  causes  related  to  this  problem  we  are  going  to  divide  them  in  two  main  groups:  those  directly  associated  to  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring measuring  action  and  those  related  with  the  patient  involvement  in  the  clinical  process.  in  we  can  see  graphically  in  an  ishikawa  or  fishbone  diagram  the  identified  weaknesses.  ishikawa  diagram  for  weaknesses  identified  in  the  hbp  process.  in  the  group  of  activities  related  to  measurement  actions  we  find  lowadherence,  whitecoat  syndrome  and  an  incorrect  measurement  method.  the  first  onelowadherenceis  a  common  problem  in  many  medical  treatments  that  imply  a  continuity  in  time;  patients  are  busy  or  tired  and  they  dont  find  a  good  moment  to  go  to  a  doctors  appointment  or  the  nurse  office  to  measure  the  blood  pressure.  the  whitecoat
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring syndrome  is  a  wellknown  problem  associated  to  blood  pressure  measurements:  blood  pressure  increases  because  the  measure  is  taken  in  a  clinical  environment  by  a  person  with  a  white  coat  a  doctor  or  a  nurse.  finally,  values  taken  from  blood  pressure  measurements  can  be  misinterpreted.  when  the  nurse  takes  the  blood  pressure  of  the  patient  at  the  health  center,  the  patient  may  be  influenced  by  other  factors  such  as  family  problems,  labor  problems,  stress  and  many  other  factors.  an  evolution  of  blood  pressure  over  time  would  be  much  more  reliable  so  that  the  medical  team  could  have  a  more  accurate  view
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  evolution  of  hypertension  in  the  patient.  in  the  second  group  of  weaknesses  we  can  find  those  directly  related  with  the  current  model  of  monitoring  and  diagnosis,  sometimes  with  a  limited  involvement  of  the  patient  in  the  clinical  process.  in  many  national  health  systems,  due  to  budget  constraints,  a  high  ratio  of  patients  per  physician  limits  the  time  of  a  consultation;  this  lack  of  time  can  create  in  the  patient  a  wrong  feeling  of  disinterest  by  the  doctor  or  a  rigid  relationship  due  to  the  lack  of  time  to  explain  clinical  decisions  to  patients.  furthermore,  the  facetoface  attendance  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring doctor  and  nurses  appointments  increases  indirect  costs  and  limits  daily  monitoring  patients  cannot  go  every  day  to  the  health  center.  although  doctors  have  the  clinical  knowledge  to  treat  the  disease,  information  and  comments  from  a  patient  can  be  useful  to  adapt  a  treatment  and  to  improve  the  personalization  of  the  treatments;  we  should  bear  in  mind  that  usually  the  person  who  best  can  know  a  patient  is  the  own  patient.  doctors  doesnt  have  the  necessary  resources  and  time  to  do  a  continuous  monitoring  of  a  patient  and  to  adapt  a  completely  personalized  treatment  for  each  patient.  in  order  to  solve
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring these  problems  a  new  model  is  proposed  in  the  next  section.  after  analyzing  the  current  process  of  hypertension  monitoring  and  identifying  the  problems  and  weaknesses  associated  with  the  clinical  process,  in  this  research  we  consider  as  a  starting  point  the  achievement  of  the  following  objectives:  to  increase  the  flexibility  of  the  doctorpatient  communication  processes,  minimizing  facetoface  appointments  and  enhancing  telematic  interaction.  to  incorporate  into  the  clinical  process  all  the  information  associated  with  the  disease  to  perform  a  correct  monitoring  and  to  optimize  the  treatment.  to  reduce  costs  associated  with  the  monitoring  process.  to  improve  the  patients  quality  of  life.  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring improve  adherence  to  treatment.  to  encourage  and  involve  the  patient  in  the  monitoring  of  his  disease  and  in  decisionmaking.  our  proposal  consists  of  a  new  model  whose  main  goal  is  to  help  in  the  process  of  empowering  the  patient.  through  empowerment  we  get  the  patient  to  have  all  the  information  regarding  the  evolution  and  treatment  of  their  disease.  with  this  philosophy,  the  patient  can  know  at  every  moment  the  different  possibilities  he  must  face  during  the  treatment,  he  can  know  how  his  context  and  environment  may  influence  his  illness,  and  he  may  become  an  active  part  in  the  process,  participating
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  the  decisionmaking  together  with  the  health  staff.  in  our  proposal,  the  help  to  improve  the  empowerment  capacity  is  carried  out  through  three  fundamental  concepts:  objectives,  variables  and  recommendations.  the  objectives  consist  of  goals  or  stages  that  the  patient  must  achieve  to  improve  in  the  evolution  of  his  disease  and  are  proposed  by  the  medical  staff.  examples  of  goals  are:  to  reduce  weight,  to  follow  a  proper  diet,  to  avoid  stimulating  substances  or  to  stop  smoking.  with  the  information  that  the  doctor  has  about  the  patient,  he  can  modify  his  objectives  at  any  time.  patients  empowerment  capacity  is  improved  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  possibility  of  the  patient  to  decide  in  each  moment  what  objectives  he  wants  to  achieve.  this  may  promote  treatment  focused  on  the  objectives  agreed  by  the  patient,  may  increase  their  involvement  in  the  process,  encouraging  improvement  actions  and,  therefore,  may  improve  treatment  adherence.  in  order  to  achieve  the  negotiated  objectives,  and  as  one  of  the  main  contributions  of  the  proposal,  the  monitoring  of  both,  the  patients  physical  and  environmental  or  contextual  variables  ,  the  analysis  as  valueadded  information  and  the  ubiquitous  and  realtime  provision  to  all  participants  is  fundamental  for  the  model.  this  information  allows  professionals  to  propose  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring appropriate  objectives  to  patients,  and  patients  to  take  suitable  actions  to  the  accepted  goals.  to  assist  the  patient  in  their  empowerment  process,  an  automated  system  that,  based  on  accepted  objectives  and  monitored  variables,  offers  the  patient  a  set  of  recommendations  is  proposed.  the  recommendations  consist  of  advice,  guidelines  or  actions  that  the  patient  must  perform.  the  recommendations  are  dynamic  and  they  change  when  the  objectives  or  variables  monitored  change.  the  proposed  model  is  distributed  and  is  composed  by  the  medical  team,  the  patient,  the  environmental  sensing  system  and  the  empowerment  system,  elements  that  are  highly  decoupled  in  the  model.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring addition,  it  clearly  identifies  four  flows  of  information  that  flow  between  the  different  elements  and  operate  independently,  providing  a  high  level  of  scalability  in  the  model  and  great  autonomy  to  all  parts  involved  in  the  system.  shows  the  proposed  model,  including  all  the  elements  that  compose  it,  the  exchanges  of  information  they  perform  and  the  main  flows.  these  flows  represent  functional  processes  in  the  model,  where  information  is  processed,  communicated,  and  interpreted  by  the  different  components  of  the  model.  next,  the  flows  are  described.  management  model  of  hypertension  based  on  patient  empowerment.  through  the  negotiation  flow  the  patient  goes  from
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring being  a  passive  element  in  the  process  to  an  active  element.  the  negotiation  is  a  bidirectional  flow  carried  out  by  the  objectives,  which  are  proposed  by  the  medical  team  and  accepted  or  refused  by  the  patient.  negotiation  is  the  starting  stage  for  the  model  and  it  will  determine  the  rest  of  the  process.  the  monitoring  flow  allows  the  system  to  obtain  all  variables  related  to  the  clinical  process  of  the  disease.  information  is  obtained  from  the  patient,  such  as  weight,  blood  pressure  or  mood,  or  it  can  be  environmental,  such  as  temperature  or  atmospheric  pressure  in  the  context  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patient.  the  variables  can  be  taken  automatically,  such  as  the  environmental  ones  from  a  remote  monitoring  system,  in  an  assisted  manner,  such  as  the  physical  exercise  performed  by  connecting  to  a  smart  band  using  bluetooth,  or  in  a  manual  manner,  such  as  forms  to  introduce  the  patients  mood.  the  patient  empowerment  cycle  completes  patient  integration  into  the  system,  assisting  the  patient  to  achieve  their  goals.  for  this,  the  empowerment  system,  based  on  the  decisions  made  by  the  patient  and  the  monitored  variables,  generates  a  set  of  recommendations  that  will  guide  the  patient  in  his  actions.  for  example,  if  the  patient
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring has  agreed  to  lose  weight,  the  system  will  provide  recommendations  on  exercise  and  diet.  if  the  patient  follows  these  recommendations,  and  their  weight  is  reduced,  when  the  empowerment  system  captures  this  change  in  the  weight  variable,  it  can  provide  other  recommendations,  to  adjust  the  treatment  to  the  new  conditions.  this  provides  a  high  flexibility  and  adaptability  to  the  proposed  model.  finally,  the  supervision  and  control  cycle  allow  the  medical  staff  to  obtain  all  the  patients  data,  including  the  agreed  objectives  and  the  evolution  of  the  associated  variables.  with  this,  the  professionals  can  do  a  better  monitoring  and  can  establish  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring new  set  of  objectives,  that  again  will  have  to  be  negotiated  with  the  patient.  to  achieve  the  model  mentioned  above,  the  empowerment  model  for  hypertensive  patients  is  based  on  the  synergy  of  a  set  of  paradigms,  principles,  techniques  and  ict  technologies  such  as  bpm,  service  oriented  architecture  soa,  remote  sensing  systems,  iot  solutions  and  principles  of  usability  and  users  experience.  this  proposal  uses  bpm  as  backbone  of  the  model  by  integrating  solutions  whose  union  increases  the  benefits  that  each  individually  contribute.  bpm  is  a  strategy  for  the  business  processes  management  oriented  to  continuous  improvement  by  using  information  technologies,  whose  benefits
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  fully  aligned  with  the  following  objectives:  first,  it  focuses  on  a  topdown  approach  that  allows  one  to  design  an  it  solution  based  on  the  strategic  objectives  of  the  organization  rather  than  the  technological  requirements,  thus  allowing  the  alignment  between  the  patients  needs  and  the  appropriate  treatment.  in  the  proposal,  it  has  allowed  the  design  of  a  new  hbp  clinical  process  based  on  the  current  guides  but  aligned  with  the  objectives  and  needs  defined  in  the  proposed  model,  regardless  of  the  technology.  this  modelling  is  done  through  a  standard  notation  of  process  modelling  called  business  process  model  notation  bpmn  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  intuitive  and  understandable  for  all  those  involved  in  the  process.  thus,  bpmn  is  targeted  to  nontechnical  staff  with  the  aim  of  being  used  by  business  experts  in  the  field  of  application.  this  notation  allows  the  normalization  and  the  standardization  of  the  process  by  avoiding  ambiguities  and  discrepancies  in  how  the  hbp  treatment  process  should  be  developed  and  who  should  perform  each  of  the  tasks.  as  a  result,  it  increases  the  visibility  of  the  process  and  the  available  information  about  its  operation.  for  example,  one  of  the  sub  processes  performed  by  the  patients  is  to  check  blood  pressure.  this  sub
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring process  involves  a  set  of  steps  to  obtain  a  right  blood  pressure  measure.  those  steps  are  shown  to  the  patient  in  a  simple  task  sequence  such  as:  to  remove  excess  clothing  that  might  interfere  ,  sit  upright  ,  put  your  upper  arm  level  with  your  heart,  to  put  feet  flat  on  the  floor,  to  take  five  minutes  to  relax,  to  position  the  stethoscope  and  to  measure  blood  pressure.  from  this  simple  subprocess  modeled  in  bpmn,  a  bpms  can  manage  the  track  and  trace  of  each  step,  validating  if  the  previous  steps  are  done  before  passing  on  to  the  next  task.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring this  could  help  to  reduce  wrong  measurements  due  to  the  lack  of  expertise  of  patients,  or  avoid  that  health  staff  skip  a  step  due  to  lack  of  time.  however,  unlike  other  proposals  not  based  on  bpm,  this  workflow  logic  would  be  outside  of  the  application  code.  another  advantage  added  to  bpm,  specifically  to  the  bpmn  modelling,  is  the  process  composing  capability.  this  feature  allows  flexibility  in  solutions  to  patients  in  a  personalized  way  depending  on  their  context.  for  example,  following  the  previous  case,  a  patient  recommendation  can  have  associated  a  single  step  or  a  subprocess.  this  subprocess  could  be  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring obtain  blood  pressure  or  practice  exercise.  any  of  these  subprocesses  involve  a  workflow.  based  on  the  recommendation  that  the  patient  must  perform  one  or  another  subprocess  will  be  discarded.  moreover,  any  new  changes  made  by  the  physicians  in  this  case  centered  on  clinical  guidelines  would  be  easily  incorporated  by  them  through  the  modeling  interface  offered  by  bpms.  in  this  way,  the  hbp  process  will  be  adapted  for  each  patient.  in  addition,  when  new  recommendations  will  appear  in  the  future,  new  subprocesses  based  in  clinical  evidences  could  be  added  from  the  bpmn  model.  bpm  has  an  associated  it  solution  called  bpms
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  sustains  its  entire  life  cycle.  bpms  is  based  on  a  set  of  decision  tables  easily  parameterizable  through  the  included  modeling  tools.  one  of  the  features  of  a  bpm  system  is  the  possibility  of  automation  of  process  task  management  from  the  bpmn  model.  in  this  way,  all  the  participants  involved  in  the  process  will  be  assisted  in  the  execution  of  the  treatment,  knowing  always  the  tasks  that  must  be  performed  and  the  state  of  the  entire  process.  another  feature  of  bpm  systems  is  the  ability  to  integrate  technology  and  human  resources  through  connectors,  paradigms  such  as  serviceoriented  architecture  soa  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  user  interface  design  human  tasks.  it  is  at  this  point  that  the  use  of  other  technologies,  techniques  and  principles  of  design  will  allow  to  increase  and  complete  the  benefits  of  bpm  through  the  incorporation  of  iot  solutions,  remote  sensing  and  usability  aspects  into  service  tasks  and  human  tasks.  the  underlying  technology  could  be  proprietary  or  integrated  from  legacy  or  third  parties  systems.  for  example,  the  proposed  model  includes  the  agree  appointment  with  patient  ,  necessary  to  perform  the  hbp  process,  but  this  subprocess  could  be  executed  over  any  appointment  system  by  means  of  integration  platforms  included  in  bpms  such
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring as  connectors,  enterprise  service  bus  esb  platforms  or  web  service  technologies.  other  example  would  be  related  with  the  integration  of  iot  technologies  or  remote  sensors  such  as  activity  wristbands  or  smart  scales  through  a  soa  paradigm.  in  our  model,  part  of  the  workflow  will  be  deployed  over  these  devices,  launching  an  event  when  reading  data.  this  event  starts  a  monitoring  hbp  instance  of  the  patient,  which  is  exposed  as  a  web  service.  in  contrast,  bottomup  functional  oriented  solutions,  tend  to  create  isolation  and  not  include  integration  solutions  with  other  systems  .  through  the  capacities  described  above,  a  redesign  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring hypertension  treatment  process  has  been  carried  out  and  it  implements  the  proposed  empowerment  model  aligned  with  the  previously  identified  objectives,  thus  contributing  in  the  improvement  of  the  current  process.  to  do  this,  we  describe  the  redesign,  the  value  that  each  of  the  decisions  adds  to  the  patient  and  the  health  system  in  general.  specifically,  the  solution  is  presented  based  on  the  initial  diagnosis  of  the  patient  and  the  initial  objectives  to  initiate  the  treatment.  first,  two  processes  are  introduced  for  the  unattended  acquisition  of  information  on  the  patients  physiological  status  and  environment  information.  these  processes  have  been  called  context  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ambient  variable  monitoring  and  physical  variable  monitoring  .  the  first  one  1  includes  a  single  task  that  is  responsible  for  the  periodic  acquisition  of  the  environment  variables,  such  as  temperature  and  pressure,  while  the  service  is  enabled.  this  process  will  be  launched  for  each  variable  to  be  acquired  and  for  the  environment  of  each  patient,  and  it  acquires  the  information  through  the  integration  with  different  remote  sensing  systems  designed  for  this  purpose  that  will  be  described  later.  process  redesign  tobe.  patient  empowerment  cycle  from  variables  monitoring  cycle.  the  second  process  3  allows  the  remote  acquisition  of  the  patients  physiological  information.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring depending  on  the  nature  of  the  variables  to  be  acquired,  these  can  be  of  two  types:  assisted  variables,  where  the  patient  will  have  daily  devices  to  take  their  data  with  computational  and  communication  variables,  capable  of  sending  the  information  acquired  automatically,  such  as  a  digital  scale,  a  smart  band,  a  digital  blood  pressure  monitor,  etc.  each  time  there  is  a  new  recording  of  variables,  both  environmental  or  physiological,  an  instance  of  empowerment  system  monitoring  and  control  2  is  launched,  which  after  registering  the  new  variable,  allows  one  to  maintain  a  history  of  the  state  and  environment  of  the  patient,  obtains
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  rest  of  variables  and  analyses  them.  then,  the  system  automatically  decides  if  the  patient  has  an  anomaly  or  improvement  that  requires  a  facetoface  appointment  with  the  medical  team  to  modify  the  objectives,  and  if  it  remains  the  same  treatment  or  if  the  performed  changes  need  the  sending  of  new  recommendations.  for  example,  in  the  latter  case,  it  could  be  the  situation  where  the  outside  temperature  was  high  and  the  recommended  physical  activities  had  to  be  modified  so  far.  the  decide  recommendations  task  is  based  on  a  business  rule  engine  that,  depending  on  the  variables  and  the  objectives,  establishes  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring recommendations  to  be  followed  by  the  patient.  the  rule  engine  is  provided  with  a  knowledge  base  previously  given  by  health  professionals  of  the  nurse  department  at  the  university  of  alicante.  once  established,  they  are  notified  to  the  patients  system,  in  this  case  their  mobile  device,  launching  the  patient  empowerment  process  starting  the  task  set  up  recommendations  2.  this  first  redesign  improves  multiple  aspects:  elimination  of  unnecessary  visits  to  the  health  center  and  only  set  up  a  visit  when  the  patients  state  requires  it.  this  can  eliminate  unnecessary  displacements,  which  may  mean  an  improvement  in  the  patients  quality  of  life.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring addition,  it  may  mean  cost  savings  in  the  health  system.  regular  and  remote  monitoring  throughout  the  day  to  day  activities  of  the  patient,  and  not  only  in  the  visits  to  the  health  center,  which  may  allow  for  a  more  precise  and  personalized  treatment.  regular  incorporation  of  variables  of  the  patients  environment  that  can  affect  his  illness,  such  as  pressure  and  temperature.  so  far,  they  are  not  considered  in  the  day  to  day  activity  of  the  patient.  daily  automatic  update  of  recommendations,  helping  offer  a  much  more  precise  and  personalized  treatment.  integration  of  the  patient  in  the  process  through  usable  interfaces
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  everyday  systems  that  suppose  little  intrusiveness  in  their  daily  life.  process  redesign  tobe.  patient  empowerment  cycle  from  medical  staff  control  and  monitoring  cycle.  the  other  part  of  the  redesigned  process  focuses  on  the  doctorpatient  relationship,  which  changes  from  a  passive  model  to  a  patientcentered  model  and  its  needs.  firstly,  the  main  process  called  medical  staff  monitoring  and  control  is  invoked  in  two  possible  ways,  either  through  the  medical  team  itself  interested  in  knowing  the  state  of  a  patient  and  its  evolution,  or,  as  we  saw  in  the  previous  process,  being  invoked  by  the  empowerment  system  monitoring  and  control  process
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 1,  before  changes  that  require  the  modification  of  objectives.  in  both  cases,  the  physician  can  perform  a  modification  of  the  objectives  through  a  web  user  interface  and  if  it  is  considered  necessary,  to  request  an  appointment  for  a  facetoface  visit.  here  we  are  two  important  aspects  that  improve  the  process.  the  physician  assumes  a  proactive  role  in  the  visits  of  the  patient,  since  he  has  information  available  always  and  from  any  place  in  the  evolution  of  the  patient.  patient  control  and  supervision  processes  can  be  performed  during  part  of  the  time  saved  by  avoiding  facetoface  visits.  for  example,  this  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  integrated  into  the  professionals  workflow  by  scheduling  virtual  appointments  where  such  control  would  be  performed.  on  the  other  hand,  the  patient  participates  in  the  decisionmaking  about  his  treatment  once  the  doctor  has  determined  the  new  objectives,  through  the  patient  empowerment  process  2.  this  process  is  launched  when  the  medical  team  establishes  a  new  objective  proposal,  which  must  decide  what  it  is  committed  to.  once  the  objectives  agreed  upon  by  both  parties  are  sent  to  the  empowerment  system  that  launches  the  obtaining  of  specific  recommendations  process  3.  the  process,  once  it  updates  the  new  objectives,  obtains  the  most  updated  physiological
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  environmental  variables  of  the  patient  and  performs  the  analysis  to  determine  the  recommendations  to  be  made  by  the  patient.  once  established  they  are  sent  to  the  patient,  who  will  be  notified  through  his  mobile  device  of  the  new  conditions.  this  redesign  offers:  regular  remote  monitoring  of  the  patient  so  that  the  medical  team  can  plan  visits  based  on  current  information.  more  information  available  for  the  decisionmaking  of  health  professionals,  also  counting  on  contextual  information  of  the  environment  and  all  the  information  of  their  daily  habits.  dynamic  and  agile  adaptation  of  the  objectives  and  associated  recommendations  depending  on  the  patients
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring condition.  given  that  the  proposed  model  consists  of  a  highlydistributed  system,  it  is  proposed,  as  a  general  framework  for  integration,  the  use  of  a  soa  using  web  services  based  on  representational  state  transfer  rest  architectural  style,  also  called  restful  services.  these  services  have  a  low  level  of  coupling  and  a  datafocused  orientation,  which  makes  it  suitable  for  the  proposed  model.  in  the  proposed  architecture  see  there  is  a  data  center  where  the  information  system,  the  main  services  that  give  access  to  the  information,  and  a  bpms  to  manage  the  process  life  cycle  and  the  empowerment  system,  are  located.  system  architecture.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring another  important  issue  is  the  semantic  integration  that  would  allow  the  interchange  of  data  with  an  electronic  health  record  system.  since  we  have  not  connected  our  system  with  an  electronic  health  record  system,  we  have  not  implemented  any  standard;  anyway,  the  architecture  is  ready,  thanks  to  our  approach  is  based  on  an  esb  platform  that  increases  the  integration  characteristics  of  the  bpms  by  means  of  standard  connector  hl7,  data  and  message  transformer  patterns  among  others  .  as  a  starting  point,  we  have  defined  the  web  services  interface  that  will  use  all  the  components.  to  do  this,  we  first  identified  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring entities  of  the  information  model  collected  in  our  proposal:  patients,  professionals,  objectives,  recommendations,  contexts  and  variables.  shows  a  summary  of  the  main  endpoints  and  methods  of  the  restful  services.  restful  api  definition  in  raml.  through  these  services,  all  the  fundamental  tasks  of  the  model  can  be  performed:  associating  physicians  with  patients,  associating  patients  to  monitoring  contexts,  proposing  and  accepting  objectives,  establishing  recommendations,  entering  variable  values  and,  of  course,  consulting  any  information  associated  with  entities.  for  the  monitoring  process,  when  the  variables  of  a  patient  are  request,  both  those  associated  with  the  patient,  as  well  as  those  of  all  the  contexts
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  which  the  patient  is  related,  will  be  obtained.  this  allows  the  system  to  have  different  monitoring  contexts  for  housing,  neighborhood,  city  or  area  covered  by  a  remote  sensor  of  environmental  variables  that  will  be  shared  by  several  patients.  in  addition,  it  is  possible  to  incorporate  external  monitoring  services  into  the  system,  such  as  public  monitoring  services.  to  do  the  monitoring  of  patient  variables,  smart  sensor  devices  like  blood  pressure  devices,  smart  wristbands  and  scales  have  been  integrated  into  the  system.  these  devices  have  their  own  operating  interface,  easy  to  use  by  patients.  once  the  data  is  collected,  it  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sent  to  a  smart  device  like  a  smartphone  or  tablet  through  bluetooth  or  wifi  communication.  to  access  to  this  information  there  are  two  options,  depending  on  whether  the  smart  sensor  is  a  private  or  an  open  system.  in  the  case  of  private  systems,  information  is  usually  sent  by  an  app  to  a  private  cloud  a1  path  in  .  then,  to  obtain  this  information,  the  monitoring  service  in  the  data  center  will  have  to  request  this  data  to  the  private  cloud  a2  path  in  .  on  the  other  hand,  if  patients  use  open  systems,  the  smart  device  would  be  able  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring access  this  data  directly  and  then  to  send  it  to  data  center  b  path  in  .  in  the  case  of  variables  that  cannot  be  monitored  in  an  assisted  way,  a  set  of  wizards  and  forms  are  incorporated  in  the  smart  device  that  help  the  user,  through  highly  usable  and  accessible  interfaces,  to  enter  that  information.  these  variables,  like  the  rest,  are  sent  to  the  information  system  through  the  monitoring  services  to  be  integrated  into  the  empowerment  process.  to  this  end,  and  since  the  clinical  process  has  been  modeled  using  bpmn,  a  bpms  has  been  used  to  support  the  life  cycle
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  clinical  process.  this  brings  a  high  flexibility  to  the  system,  since  changes  in  bpmn  are  automatically  reflected  in  the  process.  thus,  bpms  is  the  core  of  the  system,  coordinating  all  the  tasks  that  compose  it,  as  well  as  the  flow  of  information  that  make  possible  the  empowerment  of  the  patient.  finally,  the  medical  staff  will  have  a  management  system,  with  which  they  can  monitor  the  patients  clinical  process  at  any  times,  obtaining  the  evolution  of  their  variables,  their  selected  objectives  and  their  preferences.  in  addition,  at  any  time,  the  doctor  can  modify  the  goals  proposed  to  the  patient,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  start  a  new  negotiation  process.  in  order  to  validate  the  proposal,  a  prototype  that  cover  all  the  components  proposed  in  the  model  and  architecture  has  been  implemented.  subsequently,  and  based  on  this  prototype,  a  series  of  experiments  have  been  carried  out  that  validate  the  adequacy  of  the  proposal.  for  the  implementation  of  the  information  system  a  mysql  database  has  been  used,  where  the  data  model  identified  in  previous  sections  has  been  designed.  for  the  development  of  the  services  nodejs  ,  an  execution  engine  for  javascript,  has  been  used,  along  with  express  ,  a  framework  for  web  services.  to  allow
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring access  from  services  to  the  database  the  mysql  module  for  nodejs  has  been  used.  services  implement  the  api  defined  in  ,  and  they  are  transported  in  a  secure  channel  https  in  order  to  provide  security  and  privacy.  to  support  the  life  cycle  of  the  proposed  bpm  model,  bonita  community  edition  version  7.4  software  has  been  used.  bonita  is  an  open  source  and  modular  bpms  that  implements  the  full  bpm  lifecycle.  with  this  tool,  and  in  collaboration  with  a  medical  team,  all  procedures  associated  with  the  clinical  process  resulting  from  the  proposed  redesign  have  been  designed.  the  execution  of  these  processes
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring allows  the  empowerment  system  to  offer  appropriate  recommendations  to  each  patient,  depending  on  their  objectives  and  their  associated  variables  monitored.  the  application  is  crossplatform  and  has  been  developed  using  the  mobile  application  development  framework  apache  cordova.  during  the  tests,  the  patient  will  have  a  smartphone  as  a  data  acquisition  device,  whose  function  will  be  to  intermediate  between  the  medical  devices  and  the  core  system.  as  mentioned  above,  communication  will  be  via  bluetooth  le  and  by  manual  entry  of  data  by  the  patient.  in  this  work,  we  use  a  model  uc651ble  digital  blood  pressure  and  a  model  uc352ble  digital  scale,  both
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring from  the  ad  company  tokyo,  japan.  shows  an  example  of  blood  pressure  test  with  our  android  application  and  the  mentioned  digital  blood  pressure  monitor.  the  smart  band  used  is  the  fitbit  flex  model,  which  works  with  its  own  web  api.  the  mobile  application  will  record  all  this  data  and  will  provide  information  in  the  form  of  personalized  recommendations.  these  recommendations  are  framed  in  different  healthy  habits  related  with  the  patient  preferences  such  as  physical  activity,  diet  or  restrictions  given  by  the  disease.  in  addition,  the  application  will  notify  the  patient  in  case  of  detecting  any  risk  factor.  shows  the  main
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring view  of  the  mobile  application  where  patients  can  monitor  every  variable,  and  the  recommendations  view  where  patients  can  visualize  the  current  recommendations  based  on  their  preferences,  objectives  and  monitored  variables.  patient  monitoring  system  sensing  blood  pressure.  mobile  application  views:  main  view  and  recommendations  view  .  in  order  to  capture  the  environmental  information,  we  have  developed  a  prototype  of  a  monitoring  system  for  temperature  and  atmospheric  pressure,  two  variables  that  affect  hypertensive  patients.  for  this,  a  raspberry  pi  v3  unit  has  been  used  as  hardware  platform,  since  it  is  robust  and  has  a  low  power  consumption,  which  makes  it  suitable  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring support  a  service  that  works  continuously,  is  flexible,  allowing  the  connection  of  various  sensors,  and  has  wired  and  wireless  communication  interfaces,  necessary  to  transmit  monitored  information.  a  bpm180  barometric  sensor  model,  a  lowpower  module  that  measures  atmospheric  pressure  in  a  range  between  300  and  1100  hpa  with  a  margin  of  error  of  only  0.02  hpa  has  been  used.  this  module  also  has  a  temperature  sensor.  the  sensor  uses  an  i2c  interface,  and  can  be  easily  connected  to  the  raspberry  pi.  in  ,  one  can  see  the  implemented  prototype.  prototype  of  the  context  monitoring  system.  for  the  software  layers  see  ,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring raspbian  has  been  chosen  as  the  operating  system,  and  python  as  a  development  platform,  where  the  monitoring  service  has  been  implemented.  architecture  of  context  monitoring  system.  this  service  obtains  the  variables  from  the  sensor  through  an  access  library  and  transmits  them  to  the  data  center.  for  sending  the  information,  the  sensor  uses  a  push  model,  consuming,  as  a  client,  the  web  services  implemented  in  the  data  center.  the  monitoring  system  allows  to  configure  all  the  parameters  of  the  service:  sampling  frequency,  address  of  the  service,  identifiers  of  context,  etc.  as  an  example,  in  one  can  see  the  values  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring temperature  and  pressure  variables  monitored  for  24  h.  evolution  of  temperature  and  pressure  monitored  by  sensor  prototype.  for  management  and  supervision  by  the  medical  team,  a  prototype  web  application  has  been  developed  see  .  the  application  is  made  according  to  the  current  web  standards:  html5,  css3  and  javascript  es6.  for  the  web  development,  we  have  been  used  the  angularjs  framework,  along  with  bootstrap  for  a  responsive  interface  that  facilitates  its  access  from  any  device  connected  to  the  internet.  this  web  app,  as  backend,  consumes  the  services  offered  by  the  system,  and  it  has  been  developed  following  usability  patterns  and  accessibility
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring guides  that  facilitate  its  use  by  users.  screenshot  of  the  web  application  for  medical  staff.  once  the  prototype  was  developed,  12  patients  were  selected  to  perform  a  set  of  experiments  using  the  proposed  system.  the  experiments  were  mainly  directed  at  knowing  the  opinion  of  the  patients  about  the  degree  of  empowerment  that  the  system  helped  the  patients  achieve.  assisted  by  health  staff  a  set  of  goals  to  be  achieved  by  patients  was  defined,  a  set  of  recommendations  was  established  and  which  recommendations  are  provided  for  certain  objectives  and  data  monitoring  was  defined  in  the  bpmn.  the  experiment  lasted  two  months.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring participants  were  previously  given  monitoring  devices  and  received  instructions  on  their  use.  after  the  experiment  was  carried  out,  it  was  verified  that  in  both  cases,  when  the  patient  changes  his  objectives  and  when  changes  occur  in  the  monitored  variables,  the  system  modifies  the  recommendations  for  each  patient.  the  health  staff  analyzed  these  recommendations  updates  and  validated  them  as  correct.  this  test  validates  the  flexibility  and  generality  of  the  proposal.  next,  to  illustrate  the  experiment,  we  explain  an  example  using  the  developed  prototype.  in  we  can  observe  the  evolution  during  a  week  of  the  blood  pressure  diastolic  and  systolic  and  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ambient  temperature.  with  that  simple  information,  the  system  is  very  useful  for  the  patient  in  different  ways  bearing  in  mind  the  empowerment  of  the  patient.  for  example,  it  can  help  the  patient  in  a  later  analysis  of  the  blood  pressure  because  on  thursday  and  friday,  blood  pressure  has  been  higher  than  other  days  and  higher  than  it  is  appropriate  but  the  higher  blood  pressure  coincided  with  a  higher  temperature  so,  maybe,  the  patient  has  done  something  that  together  with  the  temperature  negatively  affected  the  blood  pressure.  furthermore,  with  the  real  time  information  on  ambient  temperature,  the  system  will  recommend  avoiding
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring vigorous  exercise  such  as  going  running.  blood  pressure  and  ambient  temperature  measurements.  in  addition,  a  short  test  was  performed  asking  the  participants  about  aspects  related  to  the  experiments.  for  each  question,  the  participant  answered  with  a  numerical  value  between  1  strongly  disagree  and  5  strongly  agree.  next,  the  items  of  the  test  and  the  average  value  of  the  answers  are  presented.  the  app  is  easy  to  use:  3.67.  the  process  of  variables  monitoring  is  easy:  3.33.  i  feel  better  informed  about  the  evolution  of  my  disease:  4.67.  i  have  more  control  over  my  disease:  4.42.  overall,  i  am  satisfied  with
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  system:  4.58.  the  results  show  the  appropriateness  of  the  proposal,  and  how  it  may  help  to  improve  the  patients  empowerment  capacity,  in  the  sense  that  he/she  feels  better  informed  and  with  more  control  over  their  disease.  patients  are  constantly  informed  by  the  system  about  their  conditions,  not  only  with  their  own  data  but  with  data  provided  by  the  environmental  devices.  thus,  by  providing  this  structured  information,  patients  can  make  properly  informed  decisions.  moreover,  these  decisions  are  also  based  on  their  goals  and  the  system  automatically  adapts  the  recommendations  according  to  their  preferences  to  achieve  each  goal  in  an  easy
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  noninvasive  way.  the  system  also  informs  the  medical  staff  of  the  evolution  of  the  disease  in  a  continuous  way,  thus  making  the  patients  safer  because  they  can  perceive  that  the  disease  is  permanently  under  their  control.  the  inefficiency  problems  associated  to  clinical  processes  of  chronic  diseases,  and  the  lack  of  integration  among  medical  staff,  patients  and  the  process  itself,  are  goals  to  be  achieved  through  the  proposal  of  a  new  model  based  on  the  bpm  strategy,  iot,  remote  sensing  and  usability  principles.  bpm  is  shown  as  the  keystone  of  the  proposal  improving  its  benefits  through  the  synergy  with  other
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring technological  solutions.  as  a  result  of  the  model,  a  redesign  of  the  clinical  process  associated  to  the  hypertension  has  been  obtained,  which  presents  the  following  novelties  and  characteristics:  the  proposed  model  is  based  in  a  topdown  approach  that  enables  achieving  a  massive  treatment  range  in  an  unattended  way.  the  proposal  offers  a  flexible  model  which,  thanks  to  the  availability  of  the  information  about  the  health  of  the  patient  and  the  context  in  real  time,  may  help  doctors  provide  accurate  treatment  in  every  moment.  the  inclusion  of  information  about  the  ambient  and  the  context  of  the  patient,  that  is  not  considered
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring during  the  treatment  of  the  patient  at  present.  to  reduce  unnecessary  appointments  at  the  health  center,  which  may  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  the  patient  and  can  reduce  costs  to  the  national  health  service.  to  fully  integrate  the  patient  in  the  clinical  process,  helping  him  to  participate  in  the  decisions  about  his/her  illness.  to  provide  a  model  that  guides  the  patient  along  the  clinical  process,  helping  him/her  to  improve  his/her  empowerment  capacity.  finally,  we  have  developed  an  architecture  to  include  the  proposed  model  into  the  clinical  process,  adding  health  sensors  to  monitor  physical  variables  and  to  obtain  data  related
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  the  style  of  life,  and  remote  sensors  to  obtain  useful  information  from  outside  patients,  such  as  ambient  temperature.  all  this  information  help  patients  to  take  their  own  decisions  in  relation  to  the  disease.  the  main  benefits  of  the  proposed  architecture  are  the  use  of  an  soa  approach  that  provides  integration  with  low  coupling,  scalability,  reusability  and  interoperability.  to  test  the  architecture,  a  prototype  has  been  implemented  using  a  scale,  a  pressure  monitor,  a  smart  band,  an  ambient  temperature  and  a  pressure  sensor.  we  have  also  developed  the  corresponding  mobile  and  web  application  to  gather  the  data  and  analyze  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring obtained  information.  future  work  will  address  mechanisms  to  improve  the  negotiation  process,  guiding  and  directing  the  patient  appropriately  in  decision  making.  this  work  has  been  granted  by  the  ministerio  de  economa  y  competitividad  of  the  spanish  government  ref.  tin201453067c31r  and  cofinanced  by  feder.  d.r.f.  and  v.g.i.  analyzed  the  actual  clinical  process;  v.g.i.  and  d.m.j.  worked  in  the  model  and  redesigning  the  process;  d.r.f.  and  d.m.j.  conceived  and  designed  the  architecture  and  prototype;  v.v.b.  and  j.r.n.  implemented  the  prototype  and  helped  patients  in  the  experiments;  all  the  authors  wrote  the  paper.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience  with  personalized  content.  set  your  cookie  preferences  what  are  cookies  cookies  are  small  files  that  are  sent  to  and  stored  in  your  computer  by  the  websites  you  visit.  next  time  you  visit  the  site,  your  browser  will  read  the  cookie  and  relay  the  information  back  to  the  website  or  element  that  originally  set  the  cookie.  cookies  allow  us  to  recognize  you  automatically  whenever  you  visit  our  site  so  that  we  can  personalize  your  experience  and  provide  you  with  better  service.  essential  cookies  essential  cookies  enable  you  to  move  around  the  website
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring properly.  they  do  not  store  any  personally  identifiable  information  and  enable  features  such  as:  these  cookies  are  always  active  on  withings.com.  analytical  cookies  analytical  cookies  allow  us  to  collect  information  about  how  visitors  use  our  website.  for  instance,  we  may  see  the  total  number  of  visits,  or  which  pages  visitors  go  to  most  often.  we  use  this  information  to:  social  media  these  cookies  are  used  by  social  networking  services  to  track  the  use  of  their  embedded  features.  for  example,  these  cookies  allow  you  to:  marketing  these  cookies  may  be  set  through  our  site  by  our  advertising  partners.  they  identify  your
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring unique  browser  and  internet  device  and  may  be  used  to:  steel  hr  hybrid  smartwatch  back  wireless  blood  pressure  monitor  compatible  with  ios  android  fda  cleared:  highaccuracy  blood  pressure  monitoring.  easy:  app  launches  automatically  and  provides  instant  colorcoded  results.  bluetooth  synchronization:  data  from  every  measurement  automatically  appear  in  the  nokia  health  mate  app  ios8  and  android  5.  share  with  your  doctor:  easily  email  a  full  report  to  your  health  care  provider.  free  shipping  extended  returns  shop  holiday  gifts  with  confidence  or  enjoy  a  longer  trial  period  for  your  products:  you  can  return  them  until  january  31,  2020.  1year  warranty  iphone  4s
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  more  recent  ipod  touch  5th  generation  and  more  recent  ipad  3rd  generation  and  more  recent  bluetooth  low  energy  connectivity  0  to  285  mmhg  accuracy:  3  mmhg  or  2  of  reading  measurement  range:  from  40  to  180  beats  per  minute  accuracy:  5  of  reading  fits  arm  circumferences  22  to  42  cm  9  to  17  in  automatic  inflation  controlled  release  a4x  1.5v  aaa  alkaline  batteries  lr3  come  with  the  product  length:  165  mm  6.5  in  width:  60  mm  2.4  in  height:  60  mm  2  in  weight:  344  g  without  batteries  0.758  lbs  operating  temperature:  from  10c  to  40c  15  to  90
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rh  storage  temperature:  20  to  60c  10  to  95  rh  4x  aaa  alkaline  lr3  cells  already  inserted  fr/en/de/es/it  to  track  up  to  5  dimensions  of  your  health  activity,  sleep,  weight,  heart,  environment  to  securely  store  your  data  and  make  it  readily  available  download  your  data  at  any  time,  free  of  charge  clinically  validated  keep  me  informed  well  let  you  know  as  soon  as  its  available.  you  will  be  provided  with  a  nokia  branded  product.  dont  worrythe  product  is  exactly  the  same  and  the  guarantee  applies  on  both  nokia  and  withings  products.  if  you  absolutely  want  a  withings  branded  product,  sign
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring up  to  be  the  first  one  to  know  when  it  will  be  available:  all  products  ordered  from  november  25th  to  december  31st  2019  have  an  extended  return  window.  return  requests  will  be  accepted  through  january  31,  2020.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring clear  clear  search  menu  addcircleoutline  removecircleoutline  share  announcement  textsms  find  support  for  a  specific  problem  on  the  support  section  of  our  website.  please  let  us  know  what  you  think  of  our  products  and  services.  our  dedicated  information  section  provides  allows  you  to  learn  more  about  mdpi.  clear  sensors  2019  ,  19  19,4295;  :  2016  2013  2017  2004  2013  2015  2012  1996  1999  2015  2016  2019  2019  2018  2018  2014  2019  2014  2009  2005  2008  2018  2005  2009  2014  2016  2015  2018  2016  2018  figure  1.  figure  1.  figure  2.  figure  2.  figure  3.  figure  3.  figure  4.  figure  4.  figure
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring according  to  ,  iot,  simply  put,  is  the  concept  of  basically  connecting  any  device  with  an  on  and  off  switch  to  the  internet  and/or  to  each  other.  according  to  spending  on  the  medical  iot  will  reach  a  staggering  1  trillion  by  2025  and,  will  bring  highly  personalized,  accessible,  timely  healthcare  for  everyone.  has  been  the  most  obvious  use  case  with  motion  trackers  and  vital  sign  measurements,  valued  at  over  5  billion  in  2016  and  can  reach  a  value  of  over  12  billion  by  2021  .  people  dont  seem  to  get  enough  of  what  their  smart  watch  coupled  with  their  .
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  it  is  only  going  to  get  more  popular.  according  to  ,  75  of  germans  would  be  willing  to  send  data  on  their  vital  signs  to  their  doctor  in  the  event  of  illness.  the  figure  among  patients  suffering  from  a  chronic  disease  is  even  93.  in  a  recent  report  by  ericsson  consumer  labs  titled  from  healthcare  to  homecare:  the  critical  role  of  5g  in  healthcare  transformation  ,  the  swedish  network  infrastructure  vendors  research  arm,  based  on  survey  results,  concludes  that  patients  want  to  take  control  of  access  to  and  quality  of  healthcare  using  telemedicine,  mobile  applications  and  wearable  iot  devices.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ericsson  researchers  suggest  that  5g  will  be  needed  to  support  massive  machinetype  communications  and  applications  with  varying  data  requirements.  the  whole  idea  behind  tracking  every  single  trackable  data  is  to  keep  the  healthy  out  of  trouble  and  to  help  the  patients  manage  better  their  risk  factors  and  chronic  conditions/treatments.  some  examples  of  current  patientcentric  iot  solutions:  these  examples  are  not  exhaustive  and  are  increasing  exponentially.  despite  the  utility  of  iot,  we  have  many  challenges  to  address.  the  first  and  possibly  the  most  serious  of  challenges  is  privacy.  as  data  becomes  easily  accessible  over  cloud,  the  protection  becomes  primordial  to  prevent
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring private  and  sensitive  data  to  fall  into  the  wrong  hands  who  can  damage  careers,  reputation  and  health  security  of  many  individuals  by  hacking  and  falsifying  their  data.  if  you  found  this  story  interesting,  feel  free  to  clap  if  you  cant  get  enough,  in  the  transition  from  sick  care  to  healthcare,  we  will  soon  explore  further  the  role  of  exponential  technologies  in  medicine,  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  diagnostics,  companion  robots,  nanotechnology,  telemedicine,  genetic  and  tissue  engineering,  organ  printing  and  virtual  augmented  reality.  ezgi  tasdemir  is  a  novartis  oncology  employee.  this  article  is  created  by  ezgi  tasdemir.  all  the  views,  analysis,  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring perspectives  are  fully  independent  and  belong  to  the  author  only,  they  do  not  represent  the  views  or  opinions  of  novartis  or  any  other  company  or  organization.  the  author  does  not  receive  any  funding  or  support  from  novartis  or  any  other  pharmaceutical/nonpharmaceutical  company  for  this  blog.  written  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring todays  wearables  are  still  designed  for  the  healthy  and  wealthy,  not  those  who  could  benefit  the  most.  medical  wearables  offer  the  potential  to  collect  health  data  and  improve  health  via  a  combination  of  realtime  ai  and  expert  human  intervention.  apples  announcement  of  fda  clearance  of  its  watch  for  screening  for  irregular  heart  rhythms  was  meant  to  be  groundbreaking.  but  its  medical  value  right  now  remains  limited  and  controversial.  what  will  make  the  promise  into  reality?  i  believe  the  application  that  will  make  wearables  medically  matter  is  automated  blood  pressure  monitoring.  blood  pressure  may  not  be  sexy,  but  its  a  universally
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring understood  measurement  and  a  clinically  central  one.  your  doctor  measures  your  blood  pressure  every  single  time  you  visit.  even  those  who  dont  pay  close  attention  to  their  health  know  that  high  blood  pressure  increases  risk  of  heart  attack  and  stroke,  and  lower  blood  pressure  saves  lives.  high  blood  pressure,  or  hypertension,  affects  between  3050  of  adult  americans,  or  75120  million  people.  its  the  no.  1  risk  factor  in  deaths  worldwide,  and  the  no.  1  modifiable  risk  in  heart  disease  and  stroke,  the  top  two  worldwide  causes  of  death.  despite  this,  only  half  of  people  with  high  blood  pressure  are  lowering
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  enough,  even  with  medications.  why?  a  big  reason  is  lack  of  information.  doctors  advise  everyone  at  risk  to  monitor  their  blood  pressure,  but  few  do  it  often  enough,  in  large  part  because  inflatable  blood  pressure  cuffs,  while  universal,  are  uncomfortable  and  inconvenient.  in  fact,  current  medical  guidelines  recommend  automated  blood  pressure  monitoring  to  more  accurately  measure  your  blood  pressure,  but  hardly  anyone  is  willing  to  use  a  motorized  cuff  that  squeezes  your  arm  every  30  minutes  while  you  try  to  sleep  cuffless  automated  monitoring  would  provide  more  accurate  information,  enable  timely  intervention,  lower  blood  pressure  and  save  lives.  numerous
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring companies  have  tried  to  create  a  cuffless  automated  blood  pressure  monitor,  including  apple,  samsung,  google,  microsoft,  amazon,  and  jawbone,  as  well  as  a  very  long  list  of  startups.  no  one  has  yet  been  successful.  as  a  healthcare  investor  excited  about  this  area,  i  have  met  with  many  of  the  startups  working  on  this  problem,  and  i  see  some  common  issues.  companies  in  this  area  should  first  focus  on  generating  medicalquality  data.  teams  need  experts  in  fda  regulation  and  clinical  studies  and  need  to  listen  to  them  when  planning  timelines  and  budgets.  unlike  some  other  areas  where  vcs  invest,  this  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring not  a  market  for  moving  fast  and  breaking  things.  instead,  companies  need  to  collect  training  data  from  hundreds  of  people,  especially  those  with  hypertension,  to  ensure  their  product  meets  the  fdas  performance  standards.  but  accurate  data  is  just  the  tip  of  the  iceberg.  more  complete  blood  pressure  data  should  enable  healthier  decisions  and  lower  blood  pressures.  this  could  mean  a  warning  that  average  blood  pressure  has  increased  recently,  or  a  proactive  text  or  call  from  your  doctor  or  a  family  member.  it  could  include  suggested  adjustments  to  medications  or  healthier  behaviors  based  on  patterns  through  the  day  and  night.  user
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring experience  plays  a  critical  role  in  realworld  use.  automated  monitoring  should  be  no  more  intrusive  than  wearing  a  wristwatch  and  getting  a  notification.  the  good  news  is  a  breakthrough  in  this  space  doesnt  seem  that  far  away.  better  sensors,  algorithms,  computing  power  and  battery  life  are  helping  companies  produce  results  closer  to  fda  standards.  i  expect  multiple  groups  will  meet  the  challenge  in  the  next  18  months.  room  exists  for  multiple  winners  in  this  market,  given  the  huge  market  opportunity  and  wide  range  of  use  cases.  every  major  wearable  platform  is  under  pressure  to  consider  adding  fdacleared  applications,  and  blood
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pressure  is  at  or  near  the  top  of  their  most  wanted  lists.  companies  that  can  connect  better  data  to  better  blood  pressure  will  be  able  to  create  value  and  win  payment  from  insurers,  consumers  or  both.  for  example,  medicare  has  recently  significantly  improved  coverage  of  remote  patient  monitoring.  cuffless  automated  blood  pressure  monitoring  will  improve  how  we  treat  high  blood  pressure,  both  through  medication  and  healthy  behaviors.  automated  monitoring  will  better  support  people  at  highest  risk,  such  as  patients  recovering  from  heart  failure  or  stroke,  by  providing  early  warnings  of  potential  recurrence.  ultimately,  we  could  even  get  early  warnings  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring heart  attacks,  strokes  or  other  events,  giving  us  time  to  act.  current  wearables  measure  what  comes  easily,  like  steps  and  heart  rate.  by  instead  measuring  what  matters  medically,  we  can  use  that  data  to  extend  lives.  we  can  make  wearables  matter.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring send  inquiry  contact  us  newsletter  iei  live  top  this  site  uses  cookies  in  order  to  improve  your  user  experience  and  to  provide  content  tailored  specifically  to  your  interests.  by  continuing  to  browse  our  site  you  agree  to  our  use  of  cookies,  and  .  accept
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensors  are  small  pieces  of  hardware  which  enable  the  internet  of  things  by  monitoring  processes,  collecting  huge  amounts  of  data  and  taking  several  measurements.  the  falling  prices  of  these  sensors  is  helping  drive  down  iot  deployment  costs  and  is  enabling  an  increasing  number  of  use  cases  in  the  iot  space.  there  are  specific  sensors  for  each  iot  use  case,  depending  on  the  requirements  of  the  installation.  there  are  sensors  for  measuring  temperature,  pressure  and  others  to  monitor  the  quality  of  the  air  or  of  waters.  we  will  take  a  look  at  several  different  types  of  sensors  and  their  corresponding  use
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cases.  these  sensors  can  be  utilized  in  nearly  every  iot  environment,  from  the  factory  floor  to  agricultural  fields.  in  manufacturing,  temperature  sensors  can  continually  measure  the  temperature  of  a  machine  to  ensure  it  stays  within  a  secure  threshold.  in  agriculture,  these  sensors  are  deployed  to  track  the  temperature  of  soil,  water  and  plants  to  maximize  output.  these  sensors  can  also  be  used  in  healthrelated  iot  projects.  contact  temperature  sensors  are  required  to  be  in  physical  contact  with  the  object  being  sensed  and  use  conduction  to  monitor  changes  in  temperature.  they  can  be  used  to  detect  solids,  liquids  or  gases  over
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  wide  range  of  temperatures.  meanwhile,  noncontact  temperature  sensors  use  convection  and  radiation  to  monitor  changes  in  temperature.  these  sensors  are  able  to  detect  the  presence  of  nearby  objects  or  persons  without  any  physical  contact.  these  sensors  detect  motion  and  are  frequently  used  in  a  retail  setting.  retailers  can  use  a  customers  proximity  to  a  product  to  send  deals  and  coupons  directly  to  their  smartphone.  proximity  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  monitor  the  availability  of  parking  spaces  in  large  venues  like  airports,  malls  and  stadiums.  also,  proximity  sensors  are  used  in  manufacturing  environments  such  as  beverages  and  food  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring making  lines.  a  pressure  sensor  may  be  used  to  sense  the  decay  of  pressure  due  to  a  system  leak.  these  devices  can  determine  the  flow  of  water  through  pipes  and  notify  the  correct  authority  when  something  needs  to  be  fixed.  pressure  sensing  is  useful  in  weather  instrumentation,  aircraft,  automobiles,  and  any  other  machinery  that  has  pressure  functionality  implemented.  these  type  of  sensors  are  mostly  used  in  precision  agriculture,  water  treatment  and  rainwater  quality  monitoring.  these  devices  can  be  used  for  air  quality  control  management  in  smart  buildings  and  throughout  smart  cities.  infrared  sensors  can  be  used  to  create  a  range
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  smart  products  including  heart  rate  and  fitness  monitors,  security  alarm  circuits  and  smart  toys,  among  others.  ir  sensors  can  also  visualize  heat  leaks  in  houses,  help  doctors  monitor  blood  flow,  identify  environmental  chemicals  in  the  environment  and  can  be  also  integrated  with  wearable  electronics.  level  sensors  detect  the  level  of  liquids  and  other  fluids  including  slurries,  granular  materials  and  powders  that  exhibit  an  upper  surface.  level  sensors  can  be  used  for  smart  waste  management  and  recycling  purposes.  other  applications  of  level  sensors  include  measuring  tank  levels;  diesel  fuel  gauging;  liquid  assets  inventory;  high  or  low  level  alarms;  and  irrigation
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring control.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring before  describing  the  end  to  end  solution,  it  is  appropriate  to  describe  the  real  problems  that  patients  with  blood  pressure  related  disease  suffer.  this  would  provide  some  key  drivers  behind  the  solution  that  we  have  implemented.  lets  have  a  quick  look  at  some  of  the  frustrations  sufferers  have  to  deal  with  while  proactively  managing  their  blood  pressure:  we  built  a  patient  monitoring  system  to  manage  personal  health  specifically  blood  pressure  that  remotely  connected  patients  with  their  community  pharmacists  and  medical  practitioners  allowing  proactive  management  of  their  well  being.  this  will  be  quite  a  read  but  if  you  manage  to  stay
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring till  the  end,  the  blog  will  provide  you  with  a  method  to  identify  and  innovate  on  real  world  problems  that  have  been  ignored  for  long.  upon  exploring  the  use  case  further,  we  identified  4  key  personas  beginning  with  bruce  wayne  our  patient.  the  remote  health  monitoring  prototype  discussed  in  the  rest  of  this  blog  aims  to  address  the  core  challenges  discussed  earlier.  we  put  our  thoughts  in  action  by  integrating  close  to  10  cloud  services  in  28  hours  for  our  use  case.  oracle  iotcs,  ics,  mcs,  application  container  cloud  service  bics,  apics,  business  intelligence  cloud  service  bics,  and  pcs  were
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  core  cloud  services  that  were  the  heart  of  our  solution.  for  the  hackathon,  we  created  a  fully  functional  and  cloud  integrated  application  called  myhealth.  the  key  objective  of  myhealth  was  to  shift  patient  healthcare  from  cure  to  prevention.  the  overarching  solution  emphasized  on  building  an  infrastructure  to  continuously  oversee  the  vital  parameters  of  a  patient  and  provide  necessary  alerts  and  interventions  at  near  real  time  by  leveraging  iot,  services  and  a  digital  platform  in  a  cost  effective  way.  as  we  wanted  to  remotely  measure  and  stream  health  data,  process  it,  and  analyse  it  in  real  time  to  detect  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring react  to  an  anomaly,  oracle  internet  of  things  cloud  service  was  the  ideal  choice  to  be  at  the  heart  of  the  solution.  of  the  numerous  blood  pressure  monitors  available  today,  we  used  ihealth  sense  wrist  wireless  devices.  once  a  patient  would  take  a  reading  from  a  this  device,  it  would  instantly  push  that  data  onto  the  device  cloud.  we  accessed  the  ihealth  apis  to  create  a  webhook  to  publish  this  stream  of  data  into  the  iot  cloud  using  application  container  cloud  service  and  integration  cloud  service.  this  is  where  interesting  things  would  happen:  here  is  an  overall  connected  architecture  for
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  use  case.  the  entry  point  and  heart  of  the  solution  is  the  internet  of  things  cloud  service  iotcs.  patients  can  self  measure  their  blood  pressure  readings  remotely  through  telemonitoring  devices  that  collect  and  send  data  to  either  an  iot  server  directly  or  through  a  gateway.  this  blog  aims  to  explains  how  we  specifically  used  oracle  iotcs  that  fascinated  us  and  is  where  we  built  quite  a  lot  of  our  components  and  was  at  the  heart  of  our  use  case.  hopefully  the  use  case  will  present  by  itself.  the  information  value  loop  mode  shown  below  can  serve  as  the  cornerstone
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  an  approach  to  iot  solution  development  for  potential  use  cases.  this  model  provides  discrete  but  connected  stages.  an  action  in  the  real  world  allows  creation  of  information  about  that  action,  which  is  then  communicated  and  aggregated  across  time  and  space,  allowing  analysis  of  the  data  in  the  service  of  modifying  future  acts.  to  realize  the  use  cases  for  myhealth  to  the  information  value  loop  model  depicted  above,  we  were  able  to  utilize  oracle  iot  cloud  service  to:  among  the  various  components  of  oracle  iotcs,  here  is  a  quick  diagram  explaining  the  core  components  and  the  relationship  between  them.  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring addition  to  the  above  server  side  artifacts,  oracle  iotcs  provides  a  ranges  of  client  apis  for  platforms  such  as  c,  java,  javascript,  and  android  for  devices  to  activate,  register  and  send  messages  to  an  iot  server.  devices  can  either  connect  directly  to  the  iotcs  server  or  they  can  connect  to  a  gateway  which  in  turn  communicates  to  the  iot  server.  once  connected,  a  device  can  begin  to  send  messages  to  the  iot  server  based  on  a  predefined  device  model  definition  analogous  to  a  message  contract.  for  our  myhealth  iot  application  we  created  two  device  models  to  collect  patient  health  readings
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  proximity  readings  respectively.  the  next  step  for  us  was  to  create,  register  and  activate  devices  that  can  use  these  device  models  and  communicate  with  the  iot  server.  creating  a  device  in  the  iot  server  is  a  two  part  process.  once  the  device  registration  details  are  saved  and  successful,  oracle  iot  cs  server  will  create  a  unique  device  id  based  which  can  then  be  used  by  the  actual  physical  device  apis  to  send  and  receive  messages  from  iotcs  server.  a  provisioning  file  is  also  created  on  the  web  console  that  stores  an  encrypted  connection  credentials  required  to  connect  to  this
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring device  and  activate  it  on  the  iot  server  through  the  iot  apis.  any  client  side  apis  would  then  require  this  provisioning  file  to  interact  with  the  activated  device.  the  provisioning  file  is  a  configuration  file  that  contains  a  hashed  password,  the  url  of  the  iot  cs  server  and  the  device  activation  id  registered  on  the  iot  server.  when  this  provisioning  file  is  downloaded,  a  file  protection  password  needs  to  be  specified  which  will  be  used  to  fetch  the  connection  details  in  the  hashed  file.  when  we  began  looking  into  the  best  ways  to  push  data  in  iot,  we  realized  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  nodejs  iotcs  apis  are  100  times  faster  than  the  rest  apis.  we  implemented  the  client  apis  used  to  communicate  with  the  oracle  iot  cs  server  using  node.js.  both  oracle  mcs  and  oracle  application  container  cloud  service  provides  containers  to  run  and  execute  node  code.  node.js  can  be  downloaded  from  here  and  the  iot  cs  client  libraries  can  be  downloaded  from  here.  depending  upon  your  preferences,  you  can  either  use  a  standard  text  editor  to  write  the  node.js  code  or  use  an  ide  that  supports  it.  next  install  the  client  libraries  as  global  libraries  through  node  package  manager  nodepm  using
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  following  command.  npm  install  forever  g  save  the  above  code  snippet  as  ,  go  to  a  command  prompt  assuming  you  are  using  windows  and  type  node  deviceactivation.js  if  we  check  the  state  of  the  device  in  iot  cs  server,  it  would  be  activated.  the  device  activation  also  associates  the  selected  device  model  with  the  device.  this  means  that  the  device  can  begin  accepting  messages  in  the  format  described  in  the  device  model.  once  a  message  is  received  for  a  device,  it  can  be  audited  in  the  iot  cs  service  console.  pretty  simple  and  powerful.  the  node.js  code  can  also
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring be  tweaked  to  send  a  bulk  message  to  the  device.  data  collected  from  multiple  sensing  devices  come  in  different  formats  and  at  different  sampling  ratesthat  is,  the  frequency  at  which  data  are  collected.  oracle  iot  cs  allows  creation  of  data  exploration  sources  that  can  collect  structured  raw  data  and  present  it  as  a  continuous  stream.  an  exploration  source  can  be  created  in  an  iotcs  application  based  on  a  device  model.  this  exploration  source  will  read  and  store  the  raw  data  that  is  received  in  the  iot  server  from  the  remotely  connected  device.  the  exploration  source  message  format  is  based  on
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  predefined  device  model  defined  in  the  iot  application.  a  message  exploration  can  be  used  to  analyze  and  pattern  match  data  from  different  exploration  message  to  provide  a  real  time  stream  of  messages.  explorations  in  oracle  iot  cloud  service  are  very  powerful  as  they  support  message  aggregation  and  analytics  through  a  number  of  predefined  patterns  a  pattern  is  a  template  that  already  has  the  business  logic  built  into  it  such  as  duplicate  elimination,  missing  event  detection,  fluctuation  detection,  etc.  an  exploration  is  created  based  on  an  exploration  source.  once  an  exploration  is  created,  it  is  in  an  unpublished  state.  explorations
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  visual  representation  of  real  time  disparate  event  data  flows  for  insightful  data  interrogation  from  iot  devices.  explorations  provide  a  number  of  feature  such  as  correlating,  filtering  and  grouping  for  managing  data  streams  in  real  time.  these  data  functions  can  be  aggregated  on  a  time  or  event  based  window  and  used  in  creating  a  summary  view  of  data.  business  rules  can  also  be  defined  in  explorations  to  review  incoming  events  and  apply  business  logic  to  generate  resulting  data  fields  that  can  be  displayed  in  tabular  or  graph  forms.  once  an  exploration  is  edited  and  finalized,  it  has  to  be  published
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring for  the  changes  to  take  effect.  for  our  use  case,  we  created  a  standard  exploration  that  would  stream  the  blood  pressure  and  pulse  reading  of  patients  in  real  time.  explorations  in  an  oracle  iot  cloud  service  application  can  be  nested,  which  means,  we  can  create  another  exploration  based  on  an  existing  one.  as  a  best  practice,  it  is  always  recommended  to  not  add  any  business  logic  in  the  base  exploration  but  to  create  a  derived  exploration  from  it.  the  pipeline  shown  below  provides  the  necessary  abstraction  for  the  core  explorations  used  for  analytics  from  the  source  explorations.  the  below  exploration
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  merely  built  on  the  previous  exploration  but  is  based  on  the  duplicate  elimination  pattern.  this  exploration  will  only  stream  data  events  that  has  a  unique  msgid.  the  window  specifies  the  time  period  or  interval  until  which  the  pattern  will  be  active  for  each  incoming  message.  finally,  the  last  nested  exploration  if  the  criticalbp  stream  that  is  built  up  on  the  eliminateduplicatebp  as  the  exploration  source.  filters  can  be  applied  on  exploration  so  that  the  stream  only  generates  data  events  of  particular  importance.  for  instance,  blood  pressure  readings  where  the  systolic  pressure  is  greater  than  140mm  or  less  than  90mm
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  considered  critical  and  could  lead  to  hyper  or  hypotension.  these  blood  pressure  readings  should  raise  an  alert  that  can  be  viewed  by  and  acted  upon  by  a  healthcare  professional.  the  output  exploration,  in  its  published  state,  shows  a  real  time  critical  blood  pressure  events  for  different  patients  along  with  their  geographical  coordinates  source  of  the  reading  and  contact  information.  data  from  remote  devices  is  pushed  to  this  live  output  stream  such  that  it  would  constantly  refresh  when  a  new  event  arrives  rather  than  manually  refreshing  the  view.  as  i  indicated  before,  there  are  a  number  of  additional  use  cases
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring that  can  be  implemented  with  the  core  use  case  of  remote  patient  monitoring.  when  we  were  at  the  hackathon,  we  interviewed  a  few  people  who  had  problems  with  blood  pressure  to  know  their  key  pain  points.  the  biggest  one  across  many  people  was  forgetfulness,  i.e.  forgetfulness  to  take  readings  on  time  and  take  prescribed  drugs/renew  prescription.  we  needed  a  solution  to  remind  a  patient  to  take  their  readings  on  time.  but  sometimes  reminder  alone  for  a  blood  pressure  reading  is  not  sufficient  as  the  patients  need  to  have  their  reading  device  on  them.  one  way  to  solve  this  is  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring using  beacons  to  track  the  proximity  of  a  patient  from  his  home.  visualize  the  high  level  message  flow  diagram  below.  if  a  beacon  is  attached  to  a  patients  house  door  or  exit,  it  keep  sending  proximity  information  to  the  oracle  iot  cs  server.  when  the  proximity  is  breached  i.e.  when  a  patient  has  left  is  house,  an  iot  exploration  stream  can  then  check  if  a  reading  has  been  taken  for  the  day.  in  case  of  a  missed  reading,  it  can  generate  an  alert  leading  to  a  notification  on  the  patients  phone.  off  course,  this  integration  would  not  be  possible  without
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring using  oracle  mobile  cloud  service  but  developing  this  feature  is  a  breeze.  streaming  data  into  iot  explorations  is  very  useful  for  real  time  data  analysis  for  predictive  intelligence  and  reactive  actions.  to  react  to  an  anomaly  or  an  events  of  interest,  create  a  message  format  criticalbloodpressure  from  an  exploration  to  generate  an  alert  of  suitable  severity.  the  event  message  type  is  based  on  the  attributes  defined  or  created  as  part  of  the  exploration.  iot  exploration  attributes  need  not  be  the  same  as  the  attributes  defined  in  the  device  model  as  they  can  be  renamed  and  logical  ones  added.  after  an
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring alert  has  been  raised  in  an  oracle  iot  cs  application,  it  can  forward  the  message  to  an  external  application  in  the  form  of  a  push  request.  as  such  a  number  of  publish  subscribe  or  one  way  messaging  pattern  can  be  built  using  iot  cloud  service  as  central  point  for  generating  business  events.  ensure  to  decouple  any  external  integration  from  iot  cs  through  a  proper  service  abstraction  layer.  oracle  api  manager  cloud  service  can  be  very  useful  here  to  provide  a  gateway  for  outbound  integration  that  can  consume  business  events  from  iot  cs  and  publish  them  to  other  cloud  services  or
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring saas  applications  as  described  in  the  integration  pattern  below.  apart  from  providing  an  out  of  the  box  integration  with  business  intelligence  cs  and  mobile  cs,  it  can  pretty  much  publish  a  message  to  any  external  application  that  is  capable  of  receiving  messages  over  the  http  channel.  apart  from  providing  an  out  of  the  box  integration  with  business  intelligence  cs  and  mobile  cs,  it  can  pretty  much  publish  a  message  to  any  external  application  that  is  capable  of  receiving  messages  over  the  http  channel.  once  a  http  pipe  is  established  with  an  enterprise  application,  oracle  iot  cs  provides  an  ability  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring confirm  a  connectivity  test  with  the  application.  once  a  connection  is  established,  the  streams  tab  allows  selecting  a  message  format  available  in  the  iot  application  typically  an  alert  to  be  sent  to  the  http  endpoint.  in  the  information  value  loop  for  internet  of  things  explained  earlier,  critical  business  events  often  require  human  intervention.  oracle  process  cloud  service  can  close  this  loop  as  it  can  act  on  information  of  interest  by  bringing  people,  process  and  information  together.  once  a  process  consumes  an  event  of  interest,  it  can  notify  a  healthcare  pharmacist  to  analyse  his  or  her  critical  reading.  one  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring main  challenges  in  device  to  human  interfaces  is  that,  although  users  have  the  smart  devices,  they  minimally  follow  the  suggested  course  of  action  and,  eventually,  the  devices  end  up  serving  as  shelfware.  the  manage  health  alert  oracle  process  cloud  service  process,  shown  below,  provides  an  ability  to  integrate  processes  that  involve  devices,  applications  and  require  human  intervention.  the  pcs  process  outlines  a  map  that  facilitates  patientpharmacistmedical  practitioner  interaction.  the  process  allows:  these  are  just  a  few  among  many  potential  human  to  human  interaction  use  cases  made  easy  through  iot  and  pcs  integration.  just  like  its  on  premise  sibling  oracle  bpm
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring suite  12c,  process  cloud  service  provides  an  instance  tracking  console  to  view  and  manage  live  instances.  the  console  provides  a  detailed  graphical  and  activity  audit  trail  along  with  an  ability  to  act  on  touch  points  that  requires  human  intervention.  oracle  pcs  provides  basic  html5  based  web  forms  which  can  define  the  user  interface  allowing  end  users  to  interact  with  business  processes.  the  form  composer  provides  an  editor  for  creating  basic  forms  that  can  present  information  based  on  the  data  elements  defined  in  the  process.  we  created  the  following  form  for  pharmacists  to  review  a  critical  reading  for  a  patient  in
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring order  to  determine  the  next  course  of  action.  the  data  captured  from  an  end  user  in  the  form  acts  as  a  decision  point  that  can  trigger  alternative  process  paths.  exploratory  data  analysis  is  the  process  of  sifting  through  the  data  to  get  a  sense  of  whats  going  on.  extracting  insight  from  data  requires  analysis,  the  fourth  stage  in  the  information  value  loop.  a  derived  insight  is  a  consumable  piece  of  information  that  can  be  used  to  make  decisions  based  on  current  events  or  make  future  predictions.  a  simplified  reference  architecture  pattern  to  derive  analytical  reporting  from  iot  cloud  service  is
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring presented  below:  of  the  many  different  reports  that  can  be  built  to  compliment  the  above  solution,  we  built  a  few  to  aid  the  medical  practitioners  to  dig  into  a  patients  health  reading  over  a  period  of  time  to  assess  the  abnormality  over  a  time  range.  the  following  report  created  in  oracle  database  cloud  service  apex  tabulates  the  reading  of  a  patient  over  a  month.  this  can  be  accessed  as  a  link  and  by  providing  arguments  from  a  pcs  form  link.  there  can  be  various  renditions  of  the  above  information  the  most  common  of  which  is  a  bar  chart  of  systolic
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  diastolic  pressure  and  pulse  rate  average  each  day  over  month.  the  histograms  can  visually  highlight  up  or  down  trends  in  blood  pressure  over  a  period  of  time  which  can  be  useful  to  detect  spikes/troughs  over  a  baseline.  the  last  solution  that  we  built  to  support  our  use  case  was  to  sanitize  the  patient  health  readings  by  removing  personal  and  confidential  data  and  presenting  the  information  in  a  statistical  way  that  could  benefit  national/state  government  health  record  keepers.  how  do  we  do  this?  comes  oracle  data  visualization  cloud  service  dvcs  to  our  rescue.  with  the  blood  pressure  reading  streamed  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sent  to  oracle  bics  from  iotcs,  we  built  a  custom  points  map  to  the  coordinates  from  where  the  readings  were  taken  onto  a  geographical  map.  this  resulted  in  a  heat  map  showing  regions/places  with  susceptibility  to  critical  blood  pressure  patients.  this  sort  of  anonymized  data  is  immensely  useful  for  government  health  agencies  to  plan  for  aid  work  and  improve  the  ability  to  respond  faster  to  critical  conditions.  transferring  healthcare  monitoring  from  hospitals  to  the  home  is  disrupting  traditional  models  of  healthcare  delivery.  the  positive  implications  of  an  iot  ecosystem  in  healthcare  are  numerousfrom  remote  patient  monitoring  to  predictive  analyticsand  can
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring result  in  improved  population  health  management.  while  this  may  seem  like  a  futuristic  daydream  to  those  on  the  sidelines,  leaders  in  the  healthcare  industry  are  already  integrating  iot  devices  to  improve  healthcare.  the  speed  to  value  at  which  use  cases  like  the  one  covered  in  this  detailed  blog  can  be  realized  with  little  to  no  infrastructure  setup  cost  using  a  combination  of  oracle  paas  services  is  unprecedented.  there  are  a  number  of  other  potential  use  cases  such  as  traffic  incident  monitoring,  pest  management,  smart  homes,  smart  parking  management  and  other  industrial  applications  that  can  be  realized  using  a  similar  architectural
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring pattern.  the  speed  to  value  at  which  these  solutions  can  be  prototyped  and  productized  using  the  oracle  paas  cloud  service  is  remarkable  and  the  hackathon  was  great  example  of  how  complicated  end  to  end  solutions  can  be  developer  with  ease.  finally,  here  is  a  picture  of  team  rubicon  red  presenting  a  live  demo  of  the  entire  solution  in  to  a  full  house.  want  to  get  going  on  your  own  oracle  iot,  process,  mobile  or  integration  cloud  service  project,  but  not  sure  how  to  get  started?  our  program  can  help  you  build  up  roi  metrics,  define  a  cloud  architecture,  build  a
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring working  prototype,  and  map  out  an  implementation  plan  in  under  two  weeks.  we  equip  you  with  everything  you  need  to  get  the  internal  support  to  get  the  green  light  on  your  project.  contact  us  today  with  your  ideas  or  questions  and  we  can  get  started,  together  arun  pareek  is  a  leading  oracle  fmw  and  cloud  practitioner  working  as  an  architect  and  subject  matter  expert  in  a  variety  of  oracle  soa,  bpm  and  paas  based  projects.  introduction  to  dmn  and  feature  preview  with  the  latest  release  of  the  process  cloud  service  17.1.3,  oracle  has  released  a  preview  version  of  its  much
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring awaited  decision  model  and  notation  dmn  filtering  values  using  oracle  adf  select  one  choice  component  i  wanted  to  share  with  you  a  challenging  oracle  adf  usecase  i  was  working  on  recently,  during  an  oracle  bpm  project  at  an  australian
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensors  are  everywhere.  theyre  in  our  homes  and  workplaces,  our  shopping  centers  and  hospitals.  theyre  embedded  in  smart  phones  and  an  integral  part  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  sensors  have  been  around  for  a  long  time.  the  first  thermostat  was  introduced  in  the  late  1880s  and  infrared  sensors  have  been  around  since  the  late  1940s.  the  iot  and  its  counterpart,  the  ,  are  bringing  sensor  usage  to  a  new  level.  broadly  speaking,  sensors  are  devices  that  detect  and  respond  to  changes  in  an  environment.  inputs  can  come  from  a  variety  of  sources  such  as  light,  temperature,  motion  and  pressure.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring sensors  output  valuable  information  and  if  they  are  connected  to  a  network,  they  can  share  data  with  other  connected  devices  and  management  systems.  sensors  come  in  many  shapes  and  sizes.  some  are  purposebuilt  containing  many  builtin  individual  sensors,  allowing  you  to  monitor  and  measure  many  sources  of  data.  ,  its  key  for  sensors  to  include  digital  and  analog  inputs  so  that  they  can  read  data  from  legacy  sensors.  there  are  many  types  of  iot  sensors  and  an  even  greater  number  of  applications  and  use  cases.  here  are  10  of  the  more  popular  types  of  iot  sensors  and  some  of  their
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring use  cases.  temperature  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  heat  energy  in  a  source,  allowing  them  to  detect  temperature  changes  and  convert  these  changes  to  data.  machinery  used  in  often  requires  environmental  and  device  temperatures  to  be  at  specific  levels.  similarly,  within  agriculture,  soil  temperature  is  a  key  factor  for  crop  growth.  these  types  of  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  water  vapor  in  the  atmosphere  of  air  or  other  gases.humidity  sensors  are  commonly  found  in  heating,  vents  and  air  conditioning  hvac  systems  in  both  industrial  and  residential  domains.  they  can  be  found  in  many  other  areas  including  hospitals,  and  meteorology  stations
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  report  and  predict  weather.  a  pressure  sensor  senses  changes  in  gases  and  liquids.  when  the  pressure  changes,  the  sensor  detects  these  changes,  and  communicates  them  to  connected  systems.  common  use  cases  include  leak  testing  which  can  be  a  result  of  decay.  pressure  sensors  are  also  useful  in  the  manufacturing  of  water  systems  as  it  is  easy  to  detect  fluctuations  or  drops  in  pressure.  proximity  sensors  are  used  for  noncontact  detection  of  objects  near  the  sensor.  these  types  of  sensors  often  emit  electromagnetic  fields  or  beams  of  radiation  such  as  infrared.  proximity  sensors  have  some  interesting  use  cases.  in  retail,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring a  proximity  sensor  can  detect  the  motion  between  a  customer  and  a  product  in  which  he  or  she  is  interested.  the  user  can  be  notified  of  any  discounts  or  special  offers  of  products  located  near  the  sensor.  proximity  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  parking  lots  of  malls,  stadiums  and  airports  to  indicate  parking  availability.  they  can  also  be  used  on  the  assembly  lines  of  chemical,  food  and  many  other  types  of  industries.  level  sensors  are  used  to  detect  the  level  of  substances  including  liquids,  powders  and  granular  materials.  many  industries  including  oil  manufacturing,  water  treatment  and  beverage  and  food
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring manufacturing  factories  use  level  sensors.  waste  management  systems  provide  a  common  use  case  as  level  sensors  can  detect  the  level  of  waste  in  a  garbage  can  or  dumpster.  accelerometers  detect  an  objects  acceleration  i.e.  the  rate  of  change  of  the  objects  velocity  with  respect  to  time.  accelerometers  can  also  detect  changes  to  gravity.  use  cases  for  accelerometers  include  smart  pedometers  and  monitoring  driving  fleets.  they  can  also  be  used  as  antitheft  protection  alerting  the  system  if  an  object  that  should  be  stationary  is  moved.  gyroscope  sensors  measure  the  angular  rate  or  velocity,  often  defined  as  a  measurement  of  speed  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring rotation  around  an  axis.  use  cases  include  automotive,  such  as  car  navigation  and  electronic  stability  control  antiskid  systems.  additional  use  cases  include  motion  sensing  for  video  games,  and  camerashake  detection  systems.  these  types  of  sensors  monitor  and  detect  changes  in  air  quality,  including  the  presence  of  toxic,  combustible  or  hazardous  gasses.  industries  using  gas  sensors  include  mining,  oil  and  gas,  chemical  research  andmanufacturing.  a  common  consumer  use  case  is  the  familiar  carbon  dioxide  detectors  used  in  many  homes.  these  types  of  sensors  sense  characteristics  in  their  surroundings  by  either  emitting  or  detecting  infrared  radiation.  they  can  also  measure  the  heat
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring emitted  by  objects.  infrared  sensors  are  used  in  a  variety  of  different  iot  projects  including  healthcare  as  they  simplify  the  monitoring  of  blood  flow  and  blood  pressure.  televisions  use  infrared  sensors  to  interpret  the  signals  sent  from  a  remote  control.  another  interesting  application  is  that  of  art  historians  using  infrared  sensors  to  see  hidden  layers  in  paintings  to  help  determine  whether  a  work  of  art  is  original  or  fake  or  has  been  altered  by  a  restoration  process.  optical  sensors  convert  rays  of  light  into  electrical  signals.  there  are  many  applications  and  use  cases  for  optical  sensors.  in  the  auto  industry,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring vehicles  use  optical  sensors  to  recognize  signs,  obstacles,  and  other  things  that  a  driver  would  notice  when  driving  or  parking.  optical  sensors  play  a  big  role  in  the  development  of  driverless  cars.  optical  sensors  are  very  common  in  smart  phones.  for  example,  ambient  light  sensors  can  extend  battery  life.  optical  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  biomedical  field  including  breath  analysis  and  heartrate  monitors.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring concordance  health  solutions  smart  med  reminder  electronic  monitoring  system  includes  a  connected  prescription  vial  cap,  companion  mobile  apps  and  a  cloudbased  service  that  reminds  patients  to  take  their  medication  and  monitors  their  progress.  a  purdueaffiliated  startup  is  developing  a  lowcost,  hightech  solution  to  address  the  nationwide  health  crisis  of  americans  failing  to  take  their  medicine  as  prescribed.  the  internet  of  things  system  reminds  patients  to  take  medications  and  quickly  alerts  caregivers  or  providers  when  intervention  is  needed.  is  answering  the  call  to  fight  a  problem  that  the  new  york  times  described  as  an  outofcontrol  epidemic  in  the  united  states  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring costs  more  and  affects  more  people  than  any  disease  americans  currently  worry  about.  the  centers  for  disease  control  and  prevention  estimates  20  of  the  3.8  billion  prescriptions  written  every  year  in  the  u.s.  arent  filled.  among  those  that  are  filled,  50  are  taken  incorrectly,  especially  when  it  comes  to  timing,  the  cdc  says.  that  includes  medications  intended  to  prevent  costly  complications,  reduce  hospitalizations  and  even  those  drugs  necessary  to  keep  people  alive.  failure  to  take  medications  as  prescribed  is  a  big  barrier  to  wellness,  says  laura  downey,  concordance  health  solutions  cofounder  and  lecturer  at  purdue  universitys  krannert  school  of  management.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  wanted  to  create  a  system  that  is  easy  for  the  patient  to  use,  provides  timely  information  to  caregivers  and  providers,  and  is  economical  for  payers.  there  is  a  strong  market  need.  a  review  in  the  annals  of  internal  medicine  estimated  the  lack  of  adherence  to  taking  medications  costs  the  american  health  care  system  up  to  289  billion  a  year  and  causes  about  125,000  deaths  and  at  least  10  of  hospitalizations.  the  u.s.  office  of  inspector  general  says  nearly  a  quarter  of  all  nursing  home  admissions  could  be  avoided  if  people  took  their  medications  as  prescribed.  concordance  cofounder  steve  klink
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring owned  a  chain  of  retail  pharmacies  and  saw  firsthand  how  patients  struggle  to  take  their  medications  as  scheduled  and  the  cost  that  led  to  for  insurers.  concordances  firstlaunched  product  is  the  system,  which  includes  a  connected  prescription  vial  cap,  companion  mobile  apps  and  a  cloudbased  service  that  reminds  patients  to  take  their  medication  and  monitors  their  progress.  pharmacists  automatically  program  the  system  when  dispensing  the  prescription.  the  medication  container  and  mobile  app  alarm  on  a  predetermined  schedule;  other  features  in  the  system  create  incentives  for  taking  the  medication  correctly  and  give  patients  and  their  care  providers  detailed  data  about  how
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  is  being  taken,  all  in  compliance  with  health  insurance  portability  and  accountability  act  requirements.  the  smart  med  reminder  mobile  app  is  available  for  ios  or  android  devices  and  reports  each  dosing  event  to  a  secure  database.  with  features  such  as  alarm  time  customization  as  well  as  a  unique  scoring  system,  the  mobile  app  encourages  the  patient  to  closely  follow  their  schedule  to  get  the  most  benefit  from  their  medication.  with  permission  from  the  user,  the  system  will  notify  interested  partners,  including  family  members,  providers,  insurers,  or  pharmacists,  when  the  medication  was  taken,  and  more  importantly,  when  it  was  missed.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  addition  to  ease  of  use  by  patients,  concordance  also  understands  that  this  must  be  simple  to  implement  in  the  pharmacy.  pharmacists  program  the  cap  in  a  matter  of  seconds  using  a  qr  code  or  barcode  scan,  downey  says.  concordances  software  pulls  the  patient  information  and  dosing  information  from  the  pharmacy  database  to  automatically  program  the  cap.  downey  believes  this  simplicity  helps  to  differentiate  the  smart  med  reminder  system  from  other  products  on  the  market.  in  addition,  the  smart  med  reminder  system  is  an  economic  medication  event  monitoring  system.  it  helps  ensure  the  patients  are  taking  their  medications  when  they
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring are  supposed  to,  and  it  helps  both  patients  and  health  insurers  lower  their  cost  of  care  as  patients  stay  healthier,  she  says.  concordance  is  also  planning  to  adapt  the  system  to  other  connected  dosing  devices  such  as  inhalers,  injectables,  and  pill  boxes.  future  iterations  of  the  software  will  run  on  voiceactivated  personal  assistants,  such  as  amazon  alexa,  siri,  google  assistant  or  cortana.  kevin  haehl,  executive  vp  of  concordance  health  solutions,  explained  how  the  smart  med  reminder  system  could  provide  a  more  accurate  measure  of  medication  adherence,  meaning  they  are  following  the  prescription  instructions.  insurance  companies  currently  track  this  through  prescription
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring refill  data  which  only  tells  whether  patients  possess  the  medication.  its  like  assuming  a  person  is  following  an  exercise  routine  if  they  have  a  gym  membership.  the  problem  with  that,  haehl  says,  is  with  automatic  90day  refills  becoming  the  norm,  the  earliest  opportunity  to  know  about  a  problem  is  up  to  three  months  too  late.  haehl  also  says  forgetfulness  and  patients  being  busy  or  distracted  are  the  primary  reasons  people  fail  to  take  medications.  we  often  think  its  senior  citizens  who  need  help  to  take  their  medications,  but  studies  show  that  nonadherence  is  very  common  in  adults  with  busy  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring active  lifestyles,  especially  those  with  diseases  that  dont  have  clear  symptoms  such  as  high  blood  pressure,  diabetes  or  high  cholesterol.  a  lot  of  people  just  dont  understand  how  poor  their  adherence  is,  because  they  dont  have  an  easy  tracking  mechanism.  our  system  lets  them  see  the  patterns  and  engages  with  them  to  improve  with  very  little  effort.  concordance  health  solutions  is  looking  at  employers  and  insurance  providers  as  primary  customers  for  the  smart  med  reminder  system.  downey  said  research  shows  payers  will  realize  value  by  including  the  system  with  their  patients  prescriptions,  because  patients  will  take  their  medications  as  prescribed
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring resulting  in  lower  health  care  costs  and  higher  employee  productivity.  the  cost  of  health  care  goes  up  exponentially  when  people  dont  take  their  medications  correctly,  downey  says.  downey  says  concordance  has  received  help  from  the  purdue  foundry,  an  entrepreneurship  and  commercialization  accelerator  in  discovery  parks  burton  d.  morgan  center  for  entrepreneurship.  downey  says  the  foundry  provided  mentorship,  facilities  and  services  as  well  as  a  seed  grant.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring cuepath  innovation  is  a  canadian  healthcare  iot  startup  that  offers  tools  for  tracking  loved  ones  medication  usage,  thereby  reducing  risk  of  missing  a  scheduled  intake  or  taking  more  pills  than  necessary.  patients  receive  an  intelligent  blister  pack  with  a  set  of  pills  for  consumption  at  exact  dates  and  times.  pharmacists  use  a  web  application  to  create  schedules  of  prescribed  medications.  patients  relatives  children,  grandchildren,  etc.  or  physicians  can  monitor  the  accuracy  of  taken  pills  through  a  mobile  app  and  receive  phone  alerts  in  a  case  of  missed  medication  intake  or  possible  overdose.  the  solution  consists  of  three  components:  a  progressive
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring web  app  pwa  for  patients  relatives  to  control  the  medication  intake,  a  web  application  for  pharmacists  to  schedule  medication  consumption  plans  and  a  web  application  for  system  owners  to  oversee  and  control  the  process.  helps  relatives  or  physicians  to  monitor  adherence  with  scheduled  medication  intake.  the  application  is  developed  according  to  progressive  web  app  pwa  standards.  control  panel  for  monitoring  all  projects  processes.  helps  pharmacists  to  create  and  customize  medication  intake  schedules  and  monitor  their  timely  fulfilment.  patients  profile  displays  the  most  important  information:  diagnosis  and  brief  personal  information,  which  helps  to  determine  criticality  degree  of  missed  or  delayed  medication
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring intake.  the  gathered  medication  intake  history,  generated  by  information  received  from  active  blisters,  demonstrates  prescribed  treatment  courses  degree  of  success.  patients  relatives  receive  text  messages  or  phone  alert  notifications  in  cases  of  missed  or  untimely  medication  intake.  each  blister  pack  has  a  sensor  coating  and  integrity  control  device  built  in.  if  the  integrity  of  the  sensor  coating  is  violated,  the  blister  pack  sends  the  coordinates  of  the  rupture  to  the  centralized  server  using  provided  wireless  hub  device.  the  coordinates  are  compared  with  cell  positions,  opening  time  and  appropriate  treatment  course.  if  a  deviation  is  detected,  automatic  notification  is  sent  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  pharmacist,  patients  physician  and  designated  family  member.  patients  medication  intake  progress  is  displayed  on  the  screen:  problems  with  medication  intake  are  clearly  marked  graphically  with  an  accompanying  message  provided  to  inform  the  viewer.  the  system  takes  into  account  a  variety  of  situations  that  may  arise  when  taking  medications,  from  changing  treatment  courses  beginning  weekday  to  flexible  setup  of  alerts  depending  on  patients  various  actions.  the  overview  screen  displays  key  information  about  solutions  processes:  each  patients  equipment  set  consists  of  a  wireless  hub  device  that  provides  communication  between  blister  packs  and  the  central  server.  company  employees  can  monitor  the  status
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  each  device  thats  included  in  the  kit  and  quickly  contact  any  patient,  if  needed.  each  blister  pack  has  a  clip  that  sends  information  about  current  integrity  status  of  blister  packs  to  the  wireless  hub  device  hub.  the  hub,  in  its  turn,  transfers  that  information  to  the  centralized  server  for  further  data  update  throughout  all  system  interfaces.  users  with  administrator  privileges  have  access  to  patients  blister  pack  states.  pharmacy  and  hospital  requests  are  handled  manually  by  cuepath  innovation  administrators,  while  the  service  management  system  helps  with  recordkeeping  and  monitoring  of  request  statuses.  the  list  of  users  makes  it  easy  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring navigate  while  searching  for  basic  information  on  each  patient.  patients  profile  displays  all  necessary  information  that  is  accessed  by  pharmacists  or  physicians:  completed  treatment  course  statistics  and  the  status  of  recently  used  active  blister  pack.  when  setting  up  a  blister  pack  for  a  treatment  course,  the  pharmacist  chooses  appropriate  weekdays  and  timeframes  for  consumption  of  medication  sets.  it  is  possible  to  set  the  courses  start  date  to  any  day  of  the  week.  helps  relatives  or  physicians  to  monitor  adherence  with  scheduled  medication  intake.  the  application  is  developed  according  to  progressive  web  app  pwa  standards.  control  panel  for  monitoring  all  projects
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring processes.  helps  pharmacists  to  create  and  customize  medication  intake  schedules  and  monitor  their  timely  fulfilment.  serverside  business  logic  is  based  on  node.js  express  framework  with  mongodb  used  for  database  development.  the  clientside  is  based  on  angularjs  framework  with  ionic  framework  components.  the  build  is  realized  with  webpack  module  bundler.  ibm  bluemix  cloud  platform  is  used  for  software  and  hardware  environment.  medcrm  healthcare  crm  system  for  hospitals  and  medical  centers  awarepoint  responsive  website  for  medical  technology  company  hostforweb  corporate  website  corporate  website  for  hosting  provider  top  web  software  developers  2018  global  leaders  2017
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  we  propose  a  smart  medication  dispenser  having  a  high  degree  of  scalability  and  remote  manageability.  we  construct  the  dispenser  to  have  extensible  hardware  architecture  for  achieving  scalability,  and  we  install  an  agent  program  in  it  for  achieving  remote  manageability.  the  dispenser  operates  as  follows:  when  the  realtime  clock  reaches  the  predetermined  medication  time  and  the  user  presses  the  dispense  button  at  that  time,  the  predetermined  medication  is  dispensed  from  the  medication  dispensing  tray  mdt.  in  the  proposed  dispenser,  the  medication  for  each  patient  is  stored  in  an  mdt.  one  smart  medication  dispenser
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring contains  mainly  one  mdt;  however,  the  dispenser  can  be  extended  to  include  more  mdts  in  order  to  support  multiple  users  using  one  dispenser.  for  remote  management,  the  proposed  dispenser  transmits  the  medication  status  and  the  system  configurations  to  the  monitoring  server.  in  the  case  of  a  specific  event  such  as  a  shortage  of  medication,  memory  overload,  software  error,  or  nonadherence,  the  event  is  transmitted  immediately.  all  these  operations  are  performed  automatically  without  the  intervention  of  patients,  through  the  agent  program  installed  in  the  dispenser.  results  of  implementation  and  verification  show  that  the  proposed  dispenser  operates  normally  and  performs  the  management
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring operations  from  the  medication  monitoring  server  suitably.  medication  nonadherence  is  a  serious  public  health  issue  with  the  increase  in  chronic  diseases  .  to  improve  patient  adherence,  medication  dispensers  are  often  proposed  .  a  medication  dispenser  is  a  device  that  delivers  medication  to  the  patient  according  to  predetermined  schedules;  it  is  considered  a  very  efficient  device  of  improving  medication  adherence  .  however,  there  is  some  room  for  improvement  in  the  existing  medication  dispensers.  1  most  existing  medication  dispensers  are  designed  to  support  only  a  single  user  and  have  a  low  degree  of  scalability.  thus,  the  assignment  of  one  medication  dispenser  to
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring each  patient  would  increase  the  operation  costs.  2  a  correct  medication  schedule  and  system  settings  should  be  preconfigured  in  a  medication  dispenser.  however,  most  existing  medication  dispensers  require  users  to  configure  the  schedule  and  settings  manually.  this  leads  to  inconvenience  and  errors  due  to  mistyping.  3  an  error  in  a  medication  dispenser  can  have  fatal  consequences.  nonetheless,  existing  medication  dispensers  are  not  equipped  with  remote  device  management  functions.  therefore,  users  must  manage  their  medication  dispenser  by  themselves.  moreover,  considering  that  users  of  medication  dispensers  are  typically  in  the  older  age  group  or  are  mostly  patients  with  chronic  diseases,  important  investigations
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring should  be  carried  out  for  achieving  the  improvements  mentioned  above.  in  this  paper,  a  smart  medication  dispenser  with  a  high  degree  of  scalability  and  remote  manageability  is  proposed  and  constructed.  the  proposed  smart  medication  dispenser  allows  multiple  users  to  use  a  single  medication  dispenser,  thus  providing  scalability  to  the  device.  it  also  allows  medical  staff  and  system  administrators,  instead  of  end  users,  to  manage  medication  dispensers,  thus  leading  to  cost  efficiency  and  safe  operation  of  the  device.  medications  for  each  patient  are  stored  in  a  medication  cartridge  and  a  cartridge  is  placed  in  a  medication  dispenser  tray  mdt.  one  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medication  dispenser  has  basically  one  mdt,  but  it  can  be  extended  depending  on  the  number  of  patient  six  mdts  maximum.  the  medication  schedule  configured  in  the  dispenser  is  updated  remotely  by  medical  staff  workers.  also,  the  system  settings,  embedded  programs,  and  operational  errors  are  managed  remotely  by  system  administrators.  meanwhile,  the  smart  medication  dispenser  corrects  a  patients  medication  state  and  transmits  the  corrected  data  to  the  medicationmonitoring  server.  when  an  abnormal  state  is  detected  by  the  smart  medication  dispenser,  the  dispenser  and  the  server  exchange  several  management  messages.  consequently,  it  can  be  inferred  that  the  smart  medication  dispenser  requires  more
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring frequent  message  transmission  than  existing  medication  dispensers.  this  causes  serious  constraint  for  medication  dispensers  which  operate  on  limited  bandwidth  networks.  to  overcome  this  constraint,  the  open  mobile  alliance  oma  device  management  dm  protocol  is  applied.  this  protocol  is  considered  a  de  facto  international  standard  for  mobile  device  management.  oma  dm  can  provide  an  appropriate  solution  to  the  management  of  the  medication  dispenser  because  it  was  originally  designed  to  accommodate  limited  bandwidth  networks.  the  contribution  of  this  paper  is  the  presentation  of  a  smart  medication  dispenser.  the  proposed  dispenser  has  three  advantages  over  existing  medication  dispensers.  1  to  achieve  a  high
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring degree  of  scalability,  the  medicationdispensing  trays  can  be  attached  in  succession,  and  therefore,  a  single  dispenser  can  support  multiple  users.  2  to  achieve  a  high  degree  of  remote  manageability  and  3  to  reduce  management  costs  and  efforts,  remote  management  methods  are  designed  and  implemented.  these  methods  facilitate  updating  of  the  medication  schedule  configured  in  the  smart  dispenser.  further,  system  settings,  embedded  programs,  and  operational  errors  can  be  remotely  managed  by  medical  staff  and  system  administrators.  to  improve  medication  adherence,  various  methods  based  on  information  technology  are  being  carried  out.  the  method  we  have  found  in  our  survey  can  be  categorized
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring into  three  types:  applicationlevel  medication  reminders,  sensorbased  intake  trackers,  or  electronic  medication  dispensers.  examples  of  the  applicationlevel  medicationreminding  method  are  ubimeds  ,  wedjat  ,  and  mymedihealth  .  these  applications  run  on  mobile  devices  such  as  pdas  and  smart  phones.  they  provide  user  interfaces  for  configuring  medication  schedules  and  alert  users  to  the  time  and  type  of  medication  according  to  the  configured  medication  schedule.  they  can  prevent  underdosing  and  misdosing  and  are  relatively  low  cost.  sensorbased  intaketracking  methods  track  and  assess  the  users  medication  habits  using  sensors.  smartdrawer  ,  which  is  a  representative  example  of  this  type  of  method,  involves  use
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  an  rfid  tag  and  reader.  additionally,  motion  detection  technologies  based  on  computer  vision  are  used  in  some  systems  ,  .  these  methods  have  an  advantage  in  that  they  can  detect  whether  the  user  is  actually  taking  the  medications.  finally,  electronic  medication  dispensers  are  considered  very  efficient  for  improving  medication  adherence  .  they  prevent  overdosing,  misdosing,  and  underdosing  through  lockdown  of  the  medicationdispensing  tray,  dispensing  of  medications  according  to  the  preconfigured  medication  schedule,  and  the  medication  time  alarm.  although  early  medication  dispensers  were  built  as  standalone  models  that  could  not  communicate  with  external  devices  ,  ,  communicable  medication  dispensers  have
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring been  proposed  in  recent  years  .  these  dispensers  collect  a  patients  medication  status  and  transmit  them  to  a  monitoring  server  to  be  analyzed  by  medical  staff.  the  medication  monitoring  system  described  in  this  paper  is  similar  to  these  dispensers  in  terms  of  transmitting  medication  status  to  a  remote  monitoring  server.  however,  the  distinguishing  feature  of  the  medication  monitoring  system  proposed  in  this  paper  is  that  it  can  manage  medication  dispensers  remotely.  the  medication  schedule  configured  in  the  dispenser  is  updated  remotely,  and  the  system  settings,  software,  and  errors  are  managed  remotely  instead  of  patients.  the  simple  network  management  protocol  snmp
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring of  the  internet  engineering  task  force  ietf  ,  webbased  enterprise  management  standard  wbem  of  the  distributed  management  task  force  dmtf,  and  oma  dm  are  the  representative  remote  devicemanagement  methods  that  increase  device  reliability  and  minimize  user  inconvenience.  among  these  methods,  oma  dm  is  the  international  de  facto  standard  for  mobile  device  management  and  is  used  most  widely.  various  studies  are  being  carried  out  to  apply  oma  dm  to  a  wide  variety  of  fields.  in  the  early  days,  many  studies  focused  on  mobile  device  management  ,  whereas  recent  work  has  focused  on  software  fault  management  and  debugging  ,  ,  network  management
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  vehicle  management  ,  and  so  on.  nevertheless,  the  application  of  oma  dm  to  managing  personal  health  devices  is  rare.  considering  that  the  medication  dispenser  users  are  typically  in  the  older  age  group,  it  is  difficult  for  them  to  manage  their  dispensers  and  to  configure  numerous  settings.  moreover,  a  medication  dispenser  closely  correlates  with  the  users  health,  and  an  error  in  a  medication  dispenser  can  have  fatal  consequences.  therefore,  extensive  research  on  the  reliable  maintenance  of  medication  dispensers  is  essential.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  proposed  in  this  paper  is  a  component  of  a  medication  monitoring  system.  the  medication  monitoring  system
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  comprised  of  smart  medication  dispensers  and  a  medication  monitoring  server.  depicts  the  overview  of  the  medication  monitoring  system.  overview  of  the  medication  monitoring  system.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  transmits  three  types  of  data  to  the  medication  monitoring  server:  the  patients  medication  state,  device  state,  and  the  system  settings.  the  server  analyzes  the  medication  state  and  generates  management  operations  for  updating  the  medication  schedule  if  necessary.  the  server  also  analyzes  device  state  and  system  settings  and  generates  operations  for  managing  system  settings,  embedded  programs,  and  operational  errors.  we  develop  the  smart  medication  dispenser  on  the  wince  platform.  shows  the  hardware
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring architecture  of  the  dispenser.  hardware  architecture  of  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  mcu  :  the  mcu  controls  all  system  functions.  touchsensitive  lcd  :  the  liquid  crystal  display  lcd  displays  the  medication  information.  it  is  also  used  by  the  user  to  set  parameters  such  as  the  medication  schedule.  medication  dispensing  tray  mdt  :  the  mdt  contains  the  medication  to  be  taken.  it  dispenses  the  medications  when  the  user  presses  the  dispense  button  at  the  proper  time.  the  number  of  mdts  can  be  extended  to  six  to  support  multiple  users.  alarm  module  :  the  alarm  module  notifies  the  user  by  a  buzzer  that
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring it  is  time  to  take  medications.  upon  pressing  the  dispense  button,  the  buzzer  terminates  and  the  led  stops  blinking.  dispense  button  :  the  dispense  button  is  used  to  dispense  the  users  medication.  it  only  works  once  during  each  predetermined  cycle  period.  infrared  sensor  :  the  infrared  sensor  checks  the  quantity  of  the  remaining  medications  in  the  mdt.  if  the  quantity  drops  below  the  minimum  level,  it  is  reported  to  the  medication  monitoring  server.  realtime  clock  :  the  realtime  clock  is  used  to  ensure  that  the  device  alerts  the  user  to  take  his  or  her  medication  at  the  proper  time.  it
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  basis  for  the  alarm  cycle.  communication  module  :  the  communication  module  is  used  to  communicate  with  a  ms  or  pc.  rs232  serial  communication  and  a  local  area  network  lan  are  provided.  the  medication  dispenser  operates  as  follows:  1  when  the  realtime  clock  reaches  the  predetermined  medication  time,  and  then  2  the  user  presses  the  dispense  button  at  that  time,  3  the  predetermined  medications  are  dispensed  from  the  medication  dispensing  tray  mdt.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  transmits  the  medication  status  periodically.  if  a  specific  event  such  as  a  shortage  of  medication,  medication  jam,  memory  overload,  software  error,  or  nonadherence  occurs,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  event  is  transmitted  immediately.  all  these  operations  are  conducted  automatically  without  the  intervention  of  patients  through  software  installed  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  the  software  architecture  is  described  in  .  software  architecture  of  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  the  dm  agent,  which  is  placed  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser,  manages  the  dispenser  according  to  the  operations  of  the  medication  monitoring  server.  it  consists  of  a  session  manager,  authentication  manager,  protocol  manager,  dm  function  manager,  and  tree  manager.  the  session  manager  manages  a  management  session  with  the  monitoring  server.  it  maintains  connections  with  the  server  until  a  session  completed.  the  authentication
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring manager  generates  a  users  authentication  information  to  be  used  when  connecting  to  the  server  and  confirms  the  identity  of  a  server  before  performing  management  operations.  the  protocol  manager  generates  and  analyzes  the  exchanged  messages  according  to  specific  message  encoding  methods  xml,  wbxml.  it  constructs  a  message  from  the  patients  medication  status  and  device  status/settings  to  extract  management  operations  from  a  received  message.  the  dm  function  manager  practically  manages  the  smart  medication  dispenser  in  accord  with  the  monitoring  servers  management  operations.  it  provides  the  five  functions  of  medication  state  transmission,  medication  scheduling,  system  settings,  embedded  programs  management,  and  operational  errors  management.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  manageable  data  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser  are  called  management  objects  mos,  which  are  constructed  as  a  socalled  dm  tree.  the  tree  manager  extracts  and  modifies  the  values  of  mos  according  to  the  requests  of  the  dm  function  manager.  datastore  is  a  physical  memory  installed  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  the  dm  tree  tree  file,  embedded  programs,  and  system  settings  configuration  file  are  stored  in  the  datastore.  the  mos  of  the  dm  tree  are  transmitted  and  modified  by  the  dm  agent,  and  the  system  settings  are  updated  manually  by  the  user.  the  dm  daemon  synchronizes  two  files  whenever  one
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring is  changed.  if  the  dm  agent  were  to  run  constantly,  it  would  be  very  inefficient  in  terms  of  power  consumption  and  resource  use.  therefore,  we  designed  the  dm  agent  in  a  way  that  it  remains  in  the  sleep  mode  until  a  specific  event  occurs.  if  an  event  occurs,  then  the  dm  daemon  runs  the  dm  agent  to  establish  a  management  session  with  the  medication  monitoring  server.  the  dm  daemon  is  a  program  that  runs  in  the  background.  its  primary  aims  are  to  1  detect  specific  events,  2  count  transmission  intervals  of  medication  status,  3  listen  to  the  servers  management  operations,
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  4  execute  the  dm  agent  to  establish  a  management  session  with  the  monitoring  server.  it  is  consists  of  an  event  detector,  timer,  and  alert  detector.  once  the  user  modifies  the  system  settings  manually  or  an  operational  error  occurs  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser,  the  event  is  registered  in  the  configuration  file.  while  continually  detecting  the  occurrence  of  specific  events,  the  event  detector  executes  the  dm  agent  if  an  event  is  detected.  the  timer  runs  the  dm  agent  when  it  reaches  the  specified  interval  from  the  most  recent  medication  status  transmission.  in  general,  a  management  session  is  initiated  at  regular
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring intervals  by  the  dm  agent.  the  monitoring  server  can  also  request  the  dm  agent  to  initiate  a  management  session  by  sending  a  particular  message  at  a  specific  time.  this  message  is  called  a  server  alert  message.  the  alert  detector  listens  for  server  alert  messages  and  executes  the  dm  agent  if  a  message  is  received.  at  a  hospital  or  a  nursing  home,  a  number  of  patients  might  require  medication  treatments.  the  assignment  of  one  medication  dispenser  to  each  patient  would  increase  the  operation  costs.  in  contrast,  the  proposed  smart  medication  dispenser  supports  a  multiuser  environment.  medications  for  each  patient  are  stored
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring in  a  medication  cartridge,  which  in  turn  is  placed  in  an  mdt.  one  smart  medication  dispenser  typically  has  one  mdt,  but  the  dispenser  can  be  extended  to  include  more  mdts,  depending  on  the  number  of  patients  a  maximum  of  six  mdts  per  dispenser.  shows  the  method  for  increasing  the  number  of  mdts  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  method  for  increasing  the  number  of  mdts  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  proposed  in  this  paper  provides  remote  management  methods.  in  addition,  the  management  methods  are  compatible  with  the  oma  dm  protocol.  thus,  numerous  oma  dm  servers,  which  are
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring already  widely  used  in  device  management,  can  be  utilized  as  a  medication  monitoring  server.  to  achieve  this,  we  defined  the  manageable  data  of  the  smart  medication  dispenser  as  mos  and  arranged  them  into  a  tree  structure  called  a  dm  tree.  the  medication  monitoring  server  manages  the  smart  medication  dispenser  through  management  operations  that  contain  several  commands  such  as  add,  delete,  replace,  and  get.  that  is,  the  medication  monitoring  server  modifies  specific  mos  using  management  commands.  for  example,  if  a  management  operation  that  contains  the  command  replace  with  a  specific  value  targets  the  mo  repinterval  ,  this  reflects  an  attempt  by
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring the  medical  staff  to  change  the  transmission  interval  to  a  desired  value.  this  is  an  example  of  a  configuration  management  operation.  we  have  designed  the  following  management  operations:  medication  status  transmission;  configuration  management;  software  management;  error  reporting.  for  these  operations,  the  smart  medication  dispensers  and  the  medication  monitoring  server  exchange  several  messages  during  a  management  session.  a  management  session  starts  at  regular  intervals  the  value  of  the  mo.  /medication/systemconf/repinterval  ,  whenever  an  error  occurs  whenever  the  mo.  /medication/error  is  generated,  or  when  the  monitoring  server  alerts  the  medication  dispenser  to  initiate  a  management  session  with  pkg.  0  server  alert  message.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring when  a  management  session  begins,  the  child  mos  belonging  to  the  mo.  /medication/medstatus  aretransmittedtothemonitoring  serverautomatically,  whereas  the  child  mos  belonging  to  the  mos.  /medication/user  ,.  /medication/medschedule  ,.  /medication/sysconf  ,  and.  /medication/sw  are  transmitted  only  when  the  medication  monitoring  server  requests  them.  on  the  other  hand,  if  an  error  occurs,  then  the  dynamic  mo./medication/error  is  generated  and  transmitted  immediately.  depicts  the  management  operations  for  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  management  operations.  shows  the  medication  state  transmission  operation.  the  medication  state  is  stored  in  the  mo.  /medication/medstatus/tray  as  six  characters.  that  is,  the  smart  medication  dispenser  can  distinguish  up  to  six  different  medications.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring each  character  represents  the  medication  state  0:  nonadherence,  1:  adherence,  2:  forcible  dispensing,  9:  upcoming.  for  example,  the  mo.  /medication/medstatus/tray1  with  the  value  012999  ,  represents  the  following  facts:  1  the  patient  used  the  first  medication  tray;  2  s/he  did  not  take  the  first  type  of  medication;  3  s/he  took  the  second  type  of  medication;  4  s/he  dispensed  the  third  type  of  medication  forcibly;  5  s/he  is  expecting  to  take  fourth,  fifth,  and  sixth  types  of  medications  later.  as  described  in  ,  the  smart  medication  dispenser  transmits  the  medication  state  with  pkg.  1,  which  contains  the  replace  command  when  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring server  requests  it  or  the  timer  reaches  the  transmission  time.  the  medication  monitoring  server  stores  the  received  medication  state  in  its  datastore,  and  transmits  pkg.  2  including  the  status  code  200  ok  as  a  response.  during  these  processes,  the  stored  medication  state  is  provided  to  the  medical  staff.  shows  the  system  settings  management  operation.  the  medication  monitoring  server  alerts  the  smart  medication  dispenser  when  it  seeks  to  manage  specific  system  settings.  before  managing  the  settings,  the  monitoring  server  first  checks  the  assigned  values  of  the  target  settings  using  get  commands.  the  medication  dispenser  extracts  the  assigned  values  that  are  requested
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  returns  them  with  result  commands.  the  medication  monitoring  server  analyzes  the  received  values  and  then  sends  management  commands  to  add,  delete,  or  replace  the  target  settings.  as  shown  in  ,  the  medication  monitoring  server  sends  the  new  medication  schedule  and  transmission  interval  using  replace  commands.  the  medication  dispenser  modifies  the  existing  schedule  and  interval  to  the  received  values  and,  thereafter,  operates  according  to  the  updated  schedule  and  interval.  shows  the  embedded  programs  management  operation.  when  a  new  version  of  embedded  program  is  released,  the  medication  monitoring  server  makes  the  smart  medication  dispenser  update  its  program.  to  accomplish  this,  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring server  alerts  the  smart  medication  dispenser  to  initiate  a  management  session  and  requests  information  on  the  version  of  installed  program  using  a  get  command.  the  medication  monitoring  server  then  analyzes  the  version  information  returned  by  the  smart  medication  dispenser.  if  the  version  is  found  to  be  old,  the  medication  monitoring  server  starts  updating  the  program  of  the  medication  dispenser.  it  sends  the  url  for  updating  the  program  along  with  a  replace  command  to  the  medication  dispenser.  the  medication  dispenser  then  connects  to  the  url  and  downloads  the  new  program  automatically.  after  the  completion  of  downloading,  the  medication  dispenser  installs  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring program  automatically  and  returns  the  result  of  the  update.  shows  the  operational  errors  management  operation.  if  an  error  occurs  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser,  a  dynamic  mo.  /medication/error  is  generated  with  a  specific  error  code.  we  defined  four  types  of  error  codes  1:  shortage  of  medication,  2:  medication  jam,  3:  memory  overload,  and  4:  software  error.  once  the  dm  daemon  running  in  the  medication  dispenser  detects  an  error,  it  runs  the  dm  agent,  which  transmits  the  corresponding  error  code  to  the  monitoring  server  by  using  a  replace  command.  the  monitoring  server  analyzes  the  error  code,  and  informs  the  patient  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring guardians  of  the  fact  in  the  case  of  a  medication  shortage.  in  the  case  of  a  medication  jam,  the  guardians  are  notified  of  the  error;  in  the  event  of  memory  overload,  the  monitoring  server  attempts  to  delete  unnecessary  data  taking  up  space  in  the  medication  dispenser  using  delete  commands.  in  the  case  of  software  error,  the  monitoring  server  recovers  the  error  through  the  configuration  or  software  management  operation.  figures  and  depict  the  printed  circuit  board  pcb  and  a  prototype  of  the  smart  medication  dispenser,  respectively.  pcb  of  smart  medication  dispenser.  prototype  of  smart  medication  dispenser.  as  shown  in  figures  and
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ,  the  number  of  mdts  in  the  smart  medication  dispenser  can  be  increased.  shows  the  front  view  of  the  smart  medication  dispenser  with  one  mdt  i.e.,  for  one  patient,  whereas  shows  the  smart  medication  dispenser  with  two  mdts  i.e.,  for  two  patients.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  can  be  connected  to  a  medicationmonitoring  server  via  an  ethernet  port.  it  can  also  be  connected  to  the  server  wirelessly  by  attaching  a  wireless  modem  or  a  bluetooth  dongle  to  the  usb  port.  in  addition,  the  dispenser  also  supports  rs232  serial  communication  with  a  local  pc.  depicts  the  graphic  user  interface  gui  of  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smart  medication  dispenser.  it  is  displayed  through  the  touchsensitive  lcd.  smart  medication  dispenser  gui.  shows  the  main  view,  which  displays  the  current  date  and  time,  user  name,  type  and  time  of  upcoming  medication,  and  notices.  it  also  contains  the  system  config  menu  for  changing  the  medication  schedules  and  system  settings.  depicts  the  medication  schedule  gui.  the  user  can  check  the  configured  schedules  and  change  them  through  the  touchsensitive  lcd.  represents  the  dm  agent  gui.  the  user  can  change  the  settings  related  to  the  monitoring  server  such  as  its  ip  address,  port  number,  and  authentication  method  through  this  gui.  the  smart
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring medication  dispenser  supports  two  types  of  authentication:  basic  and  md5.  the  gui  also  contains  the  session  start  menu,  which  allows  the  user  to  initiate  a  management  session  manually,  and  the  treeview  menu  to  check  the  dm  tree  and  mos.  these  programs  are  implemented  in  c  and  the  sizes  of  the  firmware,  dm  agent,  and  dm  daemon  were  3.62mb,  152kb,  and  40kb,  respectively.  to  verify  the  typical  operation  of  the  proposed  medication  dispenser,  the  funambol  server  based  on  the  oma  dm  protocol  is  used  as  a  central  dm  server.  the  server  provides  the  webbased  interface  for  generating  management  commands.  first,  we
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring verify  the  system  settings  management  operation  as  shown  in  .  example  of  system  settings  management  operations.  the  figures  on  the  left  show  the  screen  of  the  medication  dispenser,  and  those  on  the  right  show  the  screen  of  the  funambol  dm  server.  in  ,  the  medication  schedule  is  configured  as  type  0:  08:30am,  type  1:  10:00am,  type  2:  01:30pm,  type  3:  06:30pm,  and  type  4:  10:30pm.  to  modify  the  schedule,  the  server  generates  the  following  management  command:  replace,./medication/take/ch1,  0070010900212003190042100.  this  command  replaces  the  values  of  the  node./medication/take/ch1  i.e.,  the  medication  schedule  with  the  following  new  values:  type  0:  07:00am,  type  1:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring 09:00am,  type  2:  12:00pm,  type  3:  07:00pm,  and  type  4:  09:00pm.  in  ,  the  medication  schedule  configured  on  the  medication  dispenser  is  updated  suitably.  in  addition,  the  agent  programs  return  status  code  200  ok  according  to  the  servers  ui.  next,  we  verify  the  embedded  programs  management  operations  as  shown  in  .  as  shown  in  ,  the  old  version  of  the  ui  software  is  installed  in  the  medication  dispenser.  before  updating  the  software,  the  server  generates  the  following  management  command:  replace,./medication/sw/downurl,  http://210.125.31.70/client.exe.  this  command  initiates  the  download  of  a  new  version  of  the  ui  software  from  the  url,  and  installs  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring downloaded  software.  shows  that  the  agent  program  downloads  the  ui  software,  and  installs  the  new  version  of  the  ui  software  according  to  the  servers  command.  based  on  the  figure,  the  ui  software  installed  on  the  medication  dispenser  is  updated  suitably.  in  addition,  the  agent  programs  return  status  code  200  ok  according  to  the  servers  ui.  example  of  embedded  programs  management  operations  from  these  figures,  we  can  verify  that  the  medication  dispenser  performs  the  servers  management  operations,  and  the  dispenser  conforms  to  the  oma  dm  protocol.  in  this  paper,  we  have  proposed  the  smart  medication  dispenser  to  overcome  the  problems  of
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring existing  medication  dispensers,  such  as  their  nonexpandability,  inconvenience,  low  reliability,  and  communication  inefficiency.  the  proposed  dispenser  has  three  advantages  over  existing  medication  dispensers.  1  to  achieve  a  high  degree  of  scalability,  the  medicationdispensing  trays  can  be  attached  in  succession,  and  therefore,  a  single  dispenser  can  support  multiple  users.  2  to  achieve  a  high  degree  of  remote  manageability  and  3  to  reduce  management  costs  and  efforts,  remote  management  methods  are  designed  and  implemented.  these  methods  facilitate  updating  of  the  medication  schedule  configured  in  the  smart  dispenser.  further,  system  settings,  embedded  programs,  and  operational  errors  can  be  remotely  managed  by  medical  staff
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring and  system  administrators.  results  of  implementation  and  verification  showed  that  the  proposed  dispenser  operates  normally  and  performs  the  management  operations  from  the  medication  monitoring  server  suitably.  the  smart  medication  dispenser  can  be  used  to  improve  medication  adherence.  it  prevents  overdosing,  misdosing,  and  underdosing.  however,  it  cannot  prevent  voluntary  nonadherence,  such  as  pretending  to  take  medication  or  spitting  it  out  afterwards.  for  future  work,  we  plan  to  develop  additional  functions  that  detect  a  patients  motions  using  a  camera  sensor  to  verify  actual  compliance.  we  also  plan  to  extend  our  method  to  apply  the  smart  medication  dispenser  to  other  personal  health  devices
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring such  as  activity  monitors.  this  research  was  supported  by  the  basic  science  research  program  through  the  national  research  foundation  of  korea  nrf,  funded  by  the  ministry  of  education,  science  and  technology  no.  2012013549  geriatrics  revista  panamericana  de  salud  pblica  technical  report  of  mississippi  state  university  sensors  and  actuators  a  assistive  robotics  and  mechatronics  journal  of  clinical  epidemiology  international  journal  of  std  and  aids  journal  of  the  american  optometric  association  patient  compliance  in  medical  practice  and  clinical  trials  journal  of  biomedical  informatics  rfc  journal  of  mobile  technologies,  knowledge  and  society  korean  institute  of  information  scientists  and  engineers  knom  review  international  journal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring search  menu  accountcircle  search  by  there  are  enormous  opportunities  for  the  expansion  of  the  industrial  internet  in  the  healthcare  industry.  executives  and  various  companies  are  realizing  this  and  are  embracing  it  fully.  they  realize  that  the  industrial  internet  will  allow  medical  professionals  to  make  more  informed  decisions,  thus  having  a  positive  impact  on  patients.  the  potential  of  the  industrial  internet  to  also  cut  costs  for  the  healthcare  industry  is  an  obvious  driving  force.  the  expected  growth  potential  was  depicted  in  a  recent  report  by  marketresearch.com,  which  stated  that  .  this  market  snapshot  provides  three  products  that  are  changing  how  doctors
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring monitor  patients  and  how  patients  monitor  themselves.  is  changing  the  way  doctors  and  patients  gain  information  to  deal  with  complex  and  chronic  conditions.  using  a  sensorembedded  pill  and  a  patch  placed  on  your  body,  proteus  discover  hope  to  provide  better  insights  for  the  patient  as  well  as  the  healthcare  professionals  involved.  thus  enabling  them  to  provide  specific  treatment  that  suits  the  patient.  together  with  the  regular  medication  prescribed,  the  healthcare  professional  will  also  prescribe  sensorenabled  pills.  these  pills  contain  an  ingestible  sensor  the  size  of  a  grain  of  rice.  once  the  sensorenabled  pill  reaches  your  stomach,  it  sends  a  signal
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring to  the  patch  that  the  patient  is  wearing  on  their  body.  the  sensorcontaining  patch  will  monitor  when  the  patient  swallows  each  sensorenabled  pill,  as  well  as  the  rest  and  activity  patterns  of  the  patient.  the  patch  will  record  all  the  information  and  relay  it  to  both  the  patient  and  the  healthcare  professional.  patients  can  then  use  the  discover  app  to  keep  track  of  the  medication,  and  set  up  medication  reminders.  patients  can  also  monitor  their  activity  levels  including  steps  they  have  taken,  rest  levels,  heart  rate,  blood  pressure  and  weight.  healthcare  professionals  can  use  the  discover  portal  to  monitor  the
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring patient  and  provide  the  best  treatment  plan  for  the  patient.  getting  patients  to  stick  to  their  prescribed  medication  regimen  can  be  a  huge  problem  for  healthcare  professionals.  this  can  have  negative  complications  for  the  patient,  including  increased  healthcare  costs,  complications,  and  even  death.  have  come  up  with  a  solution  to  this  problem  in  the  form  of  a  sensor  wireless  pill  bottle.  adheretechs  pill  bottles  are  the  same  size  and  feel  of  a  regular  bill  bottle  and  can  be  used  straight  out  of  the  box,  requiring  no  setup.  using  sensors,  the  pill  bottle  can  detect  when  a  patient  removes  one  pill
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring or  one  liquid  millimeter  of  medication.  if  no  medication  is  taken,  the  service  will  remind  the  patient  via  an  automated  text  message  or  phone  call.  there  are  also  onbottle  lights  and  chimes  that  can  alert  the  patient  that  they  have  missed  their  medication.  the  bottle  constantly  collects  and  send  realtime  data  to  the  system,  which  is  analyzed  and  populated  on  adheretechs  secure  dashboard.  the  smart  pill  bottles  are  currently  being  used  in  pilot  programs  with  pharmaceutical  companies,  pharmacies,  and  hospitals.  will  have  diabetes,  according  to  a  report  published  by  the  international  diabetes  federation.  researchers  are  therefore  constantly  looking  for  new
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring ways  for  patients  to  monitor  their  glucose  levels  and  avoid  taking  a  blood  sample.  google  x  could  have  a  solution.  they  have  been  working  on  a  smart  contact  lens  that  will  be  able  to  monitor  a  diabetics  blood  glucose  level.  the  news  appeared  mid  last  year  of  plans  to  .  however,  with  the  being  filed  on  july  25,  perhaps  the  deadline  could  be  moving  up.  equipped  with  an  antenna  and  flexible  sensors,  the  smart  contact  lens  will  be  able  to  determine  a  diabetics  glucose  level  by  interacting  with  their  tear  fluid.  readings  can  then  be  sent  directly  to  the  diabetics
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring smartphone.  the  industrial  internet  will  revolutionize  emergency  medical  systems  allowing  improved  patient  care  on  site  and  during  transit.  emts  will  be  able  to  gather  a  patients  medical  history  from  cloud  medical  records.  doctors  at  the  hospital  will  be  able  to  monitor  the  patient  and  advise  the  emt  about  treatment  while  they  also  prepare  for  the  patients  arrival  at  the  hospital.  other  future  developments  include  electrical  brain  monitors  to  assist  in  the  rehabilitation  of  patients  who  have  suffered  traumatic  injuries.  as  well  as  electrical  simulators  to  accelerate  bone  growth.  show  your  support  for  our  mission  by  our  1click  subscribe  to  our
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring youtube  channel  below  the  more  subscribers  we  have  the  more  then  youtubes  algorithm  promotes  our  content  to  users  interested  in  enterprisetech.  thank  you.  support  our  mission:  to  our  youtube  channel  lyft  expands  selfdriving  car  program  with  east  palo  alto  test  hub,  autonomous  minivans  blockchainbased  streaming  platform  dlive  partners  with  gaming  rewards  outfit  analyst:  dont  underestimate  impact  of  jedi  contract  and  developer  engagement  on  microsoft  surfing  company  boardriders  latest  to  be  crippled  in  cyberattack  facebook  allegedly  shut  down  access  to  its  user  data  to  thwart  competitors  report:  googles  cybersecurity  division  chronicle  is  imploding  as  execs  leave  lyft  expands  selfdriving  car  program
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring with  east  palo  alto  test  hub,  autonomous  minivans  blockchainbased  streaming  platform  dlive  partners  with  gaming  rewards  outfit  analyst:  dont  underestimate  impact  of  jedi  contract  and  developer  engagement  on  microsoft  surfing  company  boardriders  latest  to  be  crippled  in  cyberattack  facebook  allegedly  shut  down  access  to  its  user  data  to  thwart  competitors  report:  googles  cybersecurity  division  chronicle  is  imploding  as  execs  leave  helpoutline  get  our  personalized  daily  newsletter.  like  free  content?  subscribe  to  follow.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring you  can  hardly  go  a  day  without  hearing  or  reading  about  new  technologies  that  are  changing  our  world:  internet  of  things  iot,  blockchain,  adaptive  intelligence  ai,  and  machine  learning  ml.  do  they  have  a  role  in  healthcare?  they  do.  in  fact,  they  have  the  power  to  reshape  patient  care  and  organizational  operations  dramatically.  and  while  each  one  can  have  an  impact  on  its  own,  they  become  even  bigger  gamechangers  when  combined.  were  surrounded  today  by  the  internet  of  things.  sensors  gathering  realtime  data  from  manufacturing  equipment,  smart  appliances  in  our  homes,  and  wearable  fitness  devices  are  just  a  few  examples.
__label__humanwellnessmonitoring now  theres  a  another  term,  .  ioht  connects  all  devices  and  applications  to  healthcare  it  systems.  they  can  be  used  in  clinical  settings  as  well  as  support  operations.  frost  sullivan  predicts  as  many  as  .  one  area  where  ioht  is  being  applied  is  remote  patient  monitoring.  clinicians  can  use  sensors  to  monitor  the  vital  signs  of  recently  discharged  patients  and  help  catch  complications  early,  reducing  risk  and  hospital  readmissions.  devices  can  also  be  used  to  help  patients  selfmonitor  and  selfmanage  disease  or  to  remember  to  take  their  prescription  medications  on  schedule,  putting  patients  more  in  control  of  their  own  health
