__label__interactivedisplays a  display  board  is  a  boardshaped  material  that  is  rigid  and  strong  enough  to  stand  on  its  own,  and  generally  used  paper  or  other  materials  affixed  to  it.  display  board  may  also  be  referred  to  as  poster  board.  along  with  quad  charts,  display  boards  were  an  early  form  of  fast  communication  developed  by  the  national  weather  service  of  the  united  states  department  of  commerces  national  oceanic  and  atmospheric  administration.  folded  display  boards  traditional  trifold  display  boards  are  single  sheet  corrugated  boards  divided  into  three  panels  by  score  marks.  typically,  the  two  outside  panels  are  half  the  width  of  the  center
__label__interactivedisplays panel.  generally  placed  on  a  table,  they  are  more  stable  and  able  to  stand  while  still  giving  a  theaterlike  view.  header  boards  can  be  added  to  the  top  display  board  and  an  easel  stand  can  be  attached  to  the  back.  in  north  america,  display  boards  are  often  used  by  students  in  the  public  school  system  for  science,  social  studies,  and  english  projects.  outside  the  classroom,  students  use  display  boards  to  promote  clubs,  recognize  athletics  and  display  art  projects.  the  purpose  of  the  display  board  in  that  context  is  to  catch  the  viewers  attention  and  explain  what  was  performed  and  what
__label__interactivedisplays was  learned.  outside  school,  display  boards  are  used  for  business  trade  shows,  marketing,  genealogy,  life  celebrations,  arts  and  crafts,  and  memorials.  science  fair  display  boards  are  required  to  follow  published  guidelines.  board  contents  include  project  title,  abstract,  question,  hypothesis,  background,  research,  materials,  procedure,  results,  conclusion  and  future  directions.  such  display  boards  usually  contain  images  and  figures  in  addition  to  text.  tablet  interactive  display  board  an  interactive  display  board  may  be  made  by  attaching  an  electronic  multimedia  device  such  as  a  tablet  to  a  display  board.  methods  for  attaching  tablets  to  display  boards  include  cutting  a  window  into  a  display  board
__label__interactivedisplays and  fixing  a  pocket  behind  the  window  to  insert  and  hold  the  tablet,  pushing  pins  into  the  face  of  a  display  board  with  the  tablet  resting  on  the  pins,  attaching  a  lanyard  to  the  tablet  in  order  to  hang  it  on  the  display  board,  or  using  dual  sided  adhesive  tape  to  attach  the  tablet  to  the  display  board.  projex  boards  manufactures  a  display  board  for  tablets,  with  a  pocket,  easel  and  header  board.  the  purpose  of  tablet  display  boards  is  to  hold  the  tablet  at  eye  level  on  the  display  board  to  facilitate  better  communication  between  audience  and  presenter.  some
__label__interactivedisplays an  interactive  whiteboard  iwb  also  commonly  known  as  interactive  board  or  smart  whiteboards  is  a  large  interactive  display  in  the  form  factor  of  a  whiteboard.  it  can  either  be  a  standalone  touchscreen  computer  used  independently  to  perform  tasks  and  operations,  or  a  connectable  apparatus  used  as  a  touchpad  to  control  computers  from  a  projector.  they  are  used  in  a  variety  of  settings,  including  classrooms  at  all  levels  of  education,  in  corporate  board  rooms  and  work  groups,  in  training  rooms  for  professional  sports  coaching,  in  broadcasting  studios,  and  others.the  first  interactive  whiteboards  were  designed  and  manufactured  for  use  in  the  office.
__label__interactivedisplays they  were  developed  by  parc  around  1990.  this  board  was  used  in  small  group  meetings  and  roundtables.  the  interactive  whiteboard  industry  was  expected  to  reach  sales  of  us1  billion  worldwide  by  2008;  one  of  every  seven  classrooms  in  the  world  was  expected  to  feature  an  interactive  whiteboard  by  2011  according  to  market  research  by  futuresource  consulting.  in  2004,  26  of  british  primary  classrooms  had  interactive  whiteboards.  the  becta  harnessing  technology  schools  survey  2007  indicated  that  98  of  secondary  and  100  of  primary  schools  had  iwbs.  by  2008,  the  average  numbers  of  interactive  whiteboards  rose  in  both  primary  schools  18  compared
__label__interactivedisplays with  just  over  six  in  2005,  and  eight  in  the  2007  survey  and  secondary  schools  38,  compared  with  18  in  2005  and  22  in  2007.  general  operation  and  use  an  interactive  whiteboard  iwb  device  can  either  be  a  standalone  computer  or  a  large,  functioning  touchpad  for  computers  to  use.a  device  driver  is  usually  installed  on  the  attached  computer  so  that  the  interactive  whiteboard  can  act  as  a  human  input  device  hid,  like  a  mouse.  the  computers  video  output  is  connected  to  a  digital  projector  so  that  images  may  be  projected  on  the  interactive  whiteboard  surface.the  user  then  calibrates  the  whiteboard
__label__interactivedisplays image  by  matching  the  position  of  the  projected  image  in  reference  to  the  whiteboard  using  a  pointer  as  necessary.  after  this,  the  pointer  or  other  device  may  be  used  to  activate  programs,  buttons  and  menus  from  the  whiteboard  itself,  just  as  one  would  ordinarily  do  with  a  mouse.  if  text  input  is  required,  user  can  invoke  an  onscreen  keyboard  or,  if  the  whiteboard  software  provides  for  this,  utilize  handwriting  recognition.  this  makes  it  unnecessary  to  go  to  the  computer  keyboard  to  enter  text.thus,  an  iwb  emulates  both  a  mouse  and  a  keyboard.  the  user  can  conduct  a  presentation  or  a
__label__interactivedisplays class  almost  exclusively  from  the  whiteboard.in  addition,  most  iwbs  are  supplied  with  software  that  provides  tools  and  features  specifically  designed  to  maximize  interaction  opportunities.  these  generally  include  the  ability  to  create  virtual  versions  of  paper  flipcharts,  pen  and  highlighter  options,  and  possibly  even  virtual  rulers,  protractors,  and  compassesinstruments  that  would  be  used  in  traditional  classroom  teaching.uses  for  interactive  whiteboards  may  include:running  software  that  is  loaded  onto  the  connected  pc,  such  as  a  web  browsers  or  other  software  used  in  the  classroom.capturing  and  saving  notes  written  on  a  whiteboard  to  the  connected  pccapturing  notes  written  on  a  graphics  tablet  connected  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  whiteboardcontrolling  the  pc  from  the  white  board  using  click  and  drag,  markup  which  annotates  a  program  or  presentationusing  ocr  software  to  translate  cursive  writing  on  a  graphics  tablet  into  textusing  an  audience  response  system  so  that  presenters  can  poll  a  classroom  audience  or  conduct  quizzes,  capturing  feedback  onto  the  whiteboard  common  types  of  operation  the  majority  of  iwbs  sold  globally  involve  one  of  four  forms  of  interaction  between  the  user  and  the  content  projected  on  the  whiteboard.  these  are  an  infrared  scan  technology;  a  resistive,  touchbased  board;  an  electromagnetic  pen  and  associated  software;  and  an  ultrasonic  pen.  operation  of
__label__interactivedisplays an  infrared  scan  ir  touch  whiteboard  an  infrared  interactive  whiteboard  is  a  large  interactive  display  that  connects  to  a  computer  and  projector.  the  board  is  typically  mounted  to  a  wall  or  floor  stand.  movement  of  the  users  finger,  pen,  or  other  pointer  over  the  image  projected  on  the  whiteboard  is  captured  by  its  interference  with  infrared  light  at  the  surface  of  the  whiteboard.when  the  whiteboard  surface  is  pressed,  software  triangulates  the  location  of  the  marker  or  stylus.  infrared  iwbs  may  be  made  of  any  material,  no  dryerase  markers  are  involved,  and  may  be  found  in  many  settings,  including  various  levels
__label__interactivedisplays of  classroom  education,  corporate  boardrooms,  training  or  activity  rooms  for  organizations,  professional  sports  coaching  facilities,  and  broadcasting  studios.  operation  of  a  resistive  touchbased  interactive  whiteboard  a  touchbased  iwb  also  involves  a  simple  pointing  device.  in  this  case,  the  material  of  the  board  is  important.  in  the  most  common  resistive  system,  a  membrane  stretched  over  the  surface  deforms  under  pressure  to  make  contact  with  a  conducting  backplate.  the  touch  point  location  can  then  be  determined  electronically  and  registered  as  a  mouse  event.  for  example,  when  a  finger  is  pressed  on  the  surface,  it  is  registered  as  the  equivalent  of  the  left
__label__interactivedisplays mouse  click.  again,  such  a  board  requires  no  special  instruments.  this  leads  to  the  claim  of  resistive  systems  manufacturers  that  such  a  whiteboard  is  easy  and  natural  to  use.  it  is,  however,  heavily  dependent  on  the  construction  of  the  board  itself.  operation  of  an  electromagnetic  penbased  interactive  whiteboard  an  electromagnetic  penbased  interactive  whiteboard  involves  an  array  of  wires  embedded  behind  the  solid  board  surface  that  interacts  with  a  coil  in  the  stylus  tip  to  determine  the  horizontal  and  vertical  coordinates  of  the  stylus.  the  pen  itself  usually  is  passive,  i.e.,  it  contains  no  batteries  or  other  power  source;  it  alters
__label__interactivedisplays the  electrical  signals  produced  by  the  board.  for  instance,  when  close  to  the  surface  of  the  board,  the  mouse  pointer  can  be  sensed,  giving  the  board  mouseover  capabilities.  when  it  is  pressed  in  against  the  board  in  one  way,  the  board  activates  a  switch  in  the  pen  to  signal  a  mouse  click  to  the  computer;  pressed  in  another  way,  contact  with  the  board  signals  a  click  of  the  right  mousebutton.  like  a  scaledup  version  of  a  graphics  tablet  used  by  professional  digital  artists  and  designers,  an  electromagnetic  iwb  can  emulate  mouse  actions  accurately,  will  not  malfunction  if  a  user  leans
__label__interactivedisplays on  the  board,  and  can  potentially  handle  multiple  inputs.  operation  of  a  portable  ultrasonic,  ir  penbased  interactive  whiteboard  this  technology  uses  infrared  light  and  ultrasound  positioning  technology.  the  technology  works  in  a  similar  way  to  lightning  in  a  thunderstorm  by  computing  the  time  difference  between  the  speed  of  light  and  the  speed  of  sound.  an  infrared  iwb  is  also  available  in  a  portable  format.  after  moving  the  setup  to  a  new  location,  the  system  acquires  connection  to  the  computer  with  a  simple  recalibration  of  the  projected  image  again  using  the  electronic  pen.  the  device  or  bar  scans  a  bracketed  area
__label__interactivedisplays usually  3m  by  1.5m,  giving  a  whiteboard  that  is  110  wide.  typically,  multiple  brackets  can  be  added,  providing  for  users  at  different  sites  to  share  the  same  virtual  whiteboard.a  portable  ir  penbased  whiteboard  works  on  a  variety  of  surfaces  an  existing  whiteboard,  a  flat  wall,  even  a  chalkboard  with  dryerase  paint,  transforms  those  surface  into  an  interactive  whiteboard.  no  battery  is  required  for  usb  signal  receiver  and  the  unit  can  be  mounted  to  the  ceiling  if  a  permanent  solution  is  required.  made  of  a  tiny  and  lightweight  material,  the  piwb  is  easy  to  transport.  operation  of  a  wiimote  /  irbased
__label__interactivedisplays interactive  whiteboard  a  wiibased  ir  system  was  invented  by  johnny  chung  lee,  phd.  in  2007.  lee  claimed  that  the  system  makes  a  technology  available  to  a  much  wider  percentage  of  the  population  speaking  at  ted,  april  2008  by  using  an  ordinary  wii  remote  control  as  a  pointer  and  the  ir  camera  on  the  front  of  the  remote  control  as  tracking  device  sensing  light  from  an  ir  light  pen.  lee  produced  several  videos  on  youtube  about  this  system  to  demonstrate  its  operability,  flexibility,  and  ease  of  use,  and  pointing  out  its  modest  price  the  most  inexpensive  part  is  the  infrared  led
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  pen.  this  is  an  approach  with  a  shallow  learning  curve  since  the  gaming  system  is  already  familiar  to  many.  a  large  programming  support  community  may  be  available,  both  in  opensource  and  commercial  offerings.  however,  the  system  cannot  be  used  near  direct  sunlight,  nor  can  it  share  the  software  of  manufacturers  of  the  iwbtypes  already  mentioned.  certain  considerations  about  the  bluetooth  connection  of  the  light  pen  also  apply.  two  lines  of  sight  are  involved  the  controller  and  the  pen  in  the  case  of  rearprojection  case.  unlike  many  others.  operation  of  a  virtual  whiteboard  via  an  interactive  projector  an  interactive
__label__interactivedisplays projector  iwb  involves  a  cmos  camera  built  into  the  projector,  so  that  the  projector  produces  the  iwb  image,  but  also  detects  the  position  of  an  active  ir  light  pen  when  it  contacts  the  surface  where  the  projected  image.  this  solution,  developed  in  2007  and  patented  in  2010  by  u.s.  manufacturer  boxlight,  like  the  other  ir  whiteboard  systems,  can  suffer  from  potential  problems  caused  by  line  of  sight  between  the  pen  and  the  projector/receiver  and,  like  them  also,  does  not  provide  mouseover  capability  found  in  other  solutions.  classroom  uses  in  some  classrooms,  interactive  whiteboards  have  replaced  traditional  whiteboards  or  flipcharts,  or
__label__interactivedisplays video/media  systems  such  as  a  dvd  player  and  tv  combination.  even  where  traditional  boards  are  used,  the  iwb  often  supplements  them  by  connecting  to  a  school  network  digital  video  distribution  system.  in  other  cases,  iwbs  interact  with  online  shared  annotation  and  drawing  environments  such  as  interactive  vector  based  graphical  websites.brief  instructional  blocks  can  be  recorded  for  review  by  students  they  will  see  the  exact  presentation  that  occurred  in  the  classroom  with  the  teachers  audio  input.  this  can  help  transform  learning  and  instruction.many  companies  and  projects  now  focus  on  creating  supplemental  instructional  materials  specifically  designed  for  interactive  whiteboards.  electrokite  out  of
__label__interactivedisplays boston,  ma,  for  example,  will  have  the  first  complete  curriculum  for  schools  and  districts.one  recent  use  of  the  iwb  is  in  shared  reading  lessons.  mimic  books,  for  instance,  allow  teachers  to  project  childrens  books  onto  the  interactive  whiteboard  with  booklike  interactivity.dixons  city  academy  in  the  north  of  england  was  the  first  non  college  or  university  learning  environment  to  make  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  after  the  schools  then  principal  sir  john  lewis  showed  a  keen  interest  in  the  developing  technology.  an  interactive  whiteboard  can  now  be  found  in  every  classroom  of  the  school.  integration  with  a  learner  response  system  some  manufacturers
__label__interactivedisplays also  provide  classroom  response  systems  as  an  integrated  part  of  their  interactive  whiteboard  products.  handheld  clickers  operating  via  infrared  or  radio  signals,  for  example,  offer  basic  multiple  choice  and  polling  options.  more  sophisticated  clickers  offer  text  and  numeric  responses  and  can  export  an  analysis  of  student  performance  for  subsequent  review.by  combining  classroom  response  with  an  interactive  whiteboard  system,  teachers  can  present  material  and  receive  feedback  from  students  in  order  to  direct  instruction  more  effectively  or  else  to  carry  out  formal  assessments.  for  example,  a  student  may  both  solve  a  puzzle  involving  math  concepts  on  the  interactive  whiteboard  and  later  demonstrate
__label__interactivedisplays his  or  her  knowledge  on  a  test  delivered  via  the  classroom  response  system.  some  classroom  response  software  can  organize  and  develop  activities  and  tests  aligned  with  state  standards.  research  into  impact  of  interactive  whiteboards  on  education  standards  there  are  now  several  studies  revealing  contradictory  conclusions  about  the  effect  of  the  use  of  iwbs  is  effective  on  student  learning.  a  compilation  of  this  research  is  available.  london  challenge  study  according  to  the  findings  of  a  study  conducted  by  the  london  institute  of  education  with  the  funding  of  the  dfes  evaluated  the  educational  and  operational  effectiveness  of  the  london  challenge  element  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  adoption  of  the  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  the  london  area  under  a  program  called  the  schools  whiteboard  expansion  project.  at  key  stage  3,  interactive  whiteboards  here  associated  with  little  significant  impact  on  student  performance  in  mathematics  and  english  and  only  a  slight  improvement  in  science.  in  the  same  schools,  at  key  stage  4,  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  was  found  to  have  negative  effects  for  mathematics  and  science,  but  positive  effects  for  english.  the  authors  cite  several  possible  causes  for  the  key  stage  4  findings,  including:  a  type  ii  statistical  error,  disruption  to  teaching  methods  leading  to  reduced  pupil
__label__interactivedisplays performance  when  iwbs  were  installed,  or  a  nonrandom  deployment  decision  of  iwb  installation  resulting  in  a  skew  of  the  data.  the  dfes  primary  schools  whiteboard  expansion  project  at  the  same  time,  there  is  evidence  of  improved  performance  gains  with  the  use  of  interactive  whiteboards.  the  becta  uk  commissioned  a  study  into  the  impact  of  interactive  whiteboards  over  a  twoyear  period.  this  study  showed  a  very  significant  learning  gains,  particularly  with  second  cohorts  of  students,  where  they  benefited  from  the  teachers  experience  with  the  device.between  2003  and  2004,  the  dfes  primary  schools  whiteboard  expansion  project  pswe  provided  substantial  funding  to  21
__label__interactivedisplays local  authorities  for  the  acquisition  and  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  uk  primary  schools.  the  bectasponsored  study  investigated  the  impact  of  this  investment  with  20  local  authorities,  using  data  for  7272  learners  in  97  schools.variables  considered  in  the  research  included  length  of  exposure  to  interactive  whiteboard  technology,  the  age  of  pupils  down  to  individual  birthdays,  gender,  special  needs,  entitlement  to  free  schools  meals  and  other  socioeconomic  groupings.  the  implementation  and  impacts  of  the  project  were  evaluated  by  a  team  at  manchester  metropolitan  university,  led  by  professor  bridget  somekh.  to  date  it  is  the  largest  and  longest  study  conducted  into  the
__label__interactivedisplays impact  of  interactive  whiteboards.  key  findings  the  principal  finding  of  this  largescale  study  was  that,  when  teachers  have  used  an  interactive  whiteboard  for  a  considerable  period  of  time  by  the  autumn  of  2006  for  at  least  two  years  its  use  becomes  embedded  in  their  pedagogy  as  a  mediating  artefact  for  their  interactions  with  their  pupils,  and  pupils  interactions  with  one  another.  the  authors  of  the  study  argued  that  mediating  interactivity  is  a  sound  concept,  offering  a  ...  theoretical  explanation  for  the  way  in  which  the  multilevel  modelling  mlm  analyses  link  the  length  of  time  pupils  have  been  taught  with  interactive
__label__interactivedisplays whiteboards  to  greater  progress  in  national  test  scores  year  on  year.the  research  showed  that  interactive  whiteboard  technology  led  to  consistent  gains  across  all  key  stages  and  subjects  with  increasingly  significant  impact  on  the  second  cohorts,  indicating  that  embedding  of  the  technology  into  the  classroom  and  teacher  experience  with  the  technology  are  key  factors.gains  were  measured  in  months  progress  against  standard  measures  of  attainment  over  the  twoyear  study  period.in  infant  classes,  ages  57:in  key  stage  1  maths,  high  attaining  girls  made  gains  of  4.75  months  over  the  two  years,  enabling  them  to  catch  up  with  high  attaining  boys.in  key  stage  1
__label__interactivedisplays science,  there  was  improved  progress  for  girls  of  all  attainment  levels  and  for  average  and  high  attaining  boys.in  key  stage  1  english,  average  and  high  attending  pupils  all  benefited  from  increased  exposure  to  interactive  whiteboardsthere  was  also  clear  evidence  of  similar  impacts  in  key  stage  two  ages  7  11in  key  stage  2  maths,  average  and  high  attaining  boys  and  girls  who  had  been  taught  extensively  with  the  interactive  whiteboard  made  the  equivalent  of  an  extra  2.5  to  5  months  progress  over  the  course  of  the  two  years.in  key  stage  2  science,  all  pupils,  except  high  attaining  girls  made  greater  progress
__label__interactivedisplays with  more  exposure  to  the  iwb,  with  low  attaining  boys  making  as  much  as  7.5  months  additional  progressin  key  stage  2  writing,  boys  with  low  attainment  made  2.5  months  of  additional  progress.there  was  no  adverse  impact  observed  at  any  level.  additional  research  glover  miller  conducted  a  study  on  the  pedagogic  impact  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  a  secondary  school.  they  found  that  although  interactive  whiteboards  are  theoretically  more  than  a  computer  if  it  is  only  being  used  as  an  adjunct  to  teaching  its  potential  remains  unrealized.  the  authors  research  was  primarily  to  ascertain  the  extent  and  type  of  use  in  the
__label__interactivedisplays classroom.in  order  to  determine  if  any  change  in  pedagogy  or  teaching  strategies  was  taking  place  the  researchers  conducted  a  detailed  questionnaire.  the  authors  found  that  the  teachers  used  the  iwbs  in  one  of  three  ways;  as  an  aid  to  efficiency,  as  an  extension  device,  and  as  a  transformative  device.  they  noted  that  teachers  use  of  the  technology  was  not  primarily  affected  by  training,  access,  or  software  availability.  when  used  as  a  transformative  device  approximately  10  of  teachers  taking  part  in  the  study  the  impact  on  pedagogy  was  transformative.in  recent  times,  manufacturers  of  iwb  technology  have  been  setting  up  various  online
__label__interactivedisplays support  communities  for  teachers  and  educational  institutions  deploying  the  use  of  the  interactive  whiteboards  in  learning  environments.  such  websites  regularly  contribute  research  findings  and  administer  free  whiteboard  lessons  to  promote  widespread  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  classrooms.  benefits  some  of  the  benefits  of  using  interactive  whiteboards  include:group  interaction.  interactive  whiteboards  promotes  collaboration  among  students  and  group  discussion  and  participation.  they  can  be  an  effective  tool  for  brainstorming  due  to  the  fact  that  notes  can  be  taken  on  the  board  and  saved  to  be  shared  and  distributed  to  students  later.  criticisms  according  to  a  june  11,  2010  washington  post  article:many  academics
__label__interactivedisplays question  industrybacked  studies  linking  improved  test  scores  to  their  products.  and  some  go  further.  they  argue  that  the  most  ubiquitous  deviceofthefuture,  the  interactive  whiteboard  essentially  a  giant  interactive  computer  screen  that  is  usurping  blackboards  in  classrooms  across  america  locks  teachers  into  a  19thcentury  lecture  style  of  instruction  counter  to  the  more  collaborative  smallgroup  models  that  many  reformers  favor.the  same  article  also  quotes  larry  cuban,  education  professor  emeritus  at  stanford  university:there  is  hardly  any  research  that  will  show  clearly  that  any  interactive  whiteboards  will  improve  academic  achievement.an  article  posted  on  the  national  association  of  secondary  school  principals  web  site  details  pros
__label__interactivedisplays cons  of  interactive  whiteboards.a  report  on  interactive  whiteboards  from  londons  institute  of  education  said:although  the  newness  of  the  technology  was  initially  welcomed  by  pupils  any  boost  in  motivation  seems  shortlived.  statistical  analysis  showed  no  impact  on  pupil  performance  in  the  first  year  in  which  departments  were  fully  equipped.the  report  highlighted  the  following  issues:sometimes  teachers  focused  more  on  the  new  technology  than  on  what  pupils  should  be  learning.the  focus  on  interactivity  as  a  technical  process  can  lead  to  some  relatively  mundane  activities  being  overvalued.  such  an  emphasis  on  interactivity  was  particularly  prevalent  in  classes  with  lowerability  students.in  lowerability  groups  it  could
__label__interactivedisplays actually  slow  the  pace  of  whole  class  learning  as  individual  pupils  took  turns  at  the  board.  academic  literature  reviews  and  research  there  are  a  number  of  literature  reviews,  findings  and  papers  on  the  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  the  classroom:mccrummen,  s.  some  educators  question  if  whiteboards,  other  hightech  tools  raise  achievement.beauchamp,  g.,  parkinson,  j.  2005.  beyond  the  wow  factor:  developing  interactivity  with  the  interactive  whiteboard.  school  science  review  86  316:  97103.dcsf  becta  2007.  evaluation  of  the  dcsf  primary  schools  whiteboard  expansion  project.glover,  d.,  miller,  d.,  averis,  d.,  door,  v.  2005  the  interactive  whiteboard:  a  literature  survey.  technology,  pedagogy  and  education
__label__interactivedisplays 14  2:  155170.moss,  g.,  jewitt,  c.,  levai,  r.,  armstrong,  v.,  cardini,  a.,  castle,  f.,  allen,  b.,  jenkins,  a.,  hancock,  m.  with  high,  s.  2007.  painter,  d.,  whiting,  e.,  wolters,  b.  2005.  the  use  of  an  interactive  whiteboard  in  promoting  interactive  teaching  and  learning.smith,  h.j.,  higgins,  s.,  wall,  k.,  miller,  j.  2005.  interactive  whiteboards:  boon  or  bandwagon?  a  critical  review  of  the  literature,  journal  of  computer  assisted  learning,  212,  pp.  91101.11.thomas,  m.,  cutrim  schmid,  e.  eds.  2010.  interactive  whiteboards  for  education:  theory,  research  and  practice  hershey,  pa:  igi  global.thomas,  m.  ed.  2010.  interactive  whiteboards  in  australasia.  special  edition  of  the  australasian
__label__interactivedisplays journal  of  educational  technology  ajet  in  press.dostl,  j.  reflections  on  the  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  in  instruction  in  international  context.  the  new  educational  review.  2011.  vol.  25.  no.  3.  p.  205  220.  issn  17326729.  technologies  interactive  whiteboards  may  use  one  of  several  types  of  sensing  technology  to  track  interaction  on  the  screen  surface:  resistive,  electromagnetic,  infrared  optical,  laser,  ultrasonic,  and  camerabased  optical.resistive  resistive  touchscreens  are  composed  of  two  flexible  sheets  coated  with  a  resistive  material  and  separated  by  a  microthin  air  gap.  when  contact  is  made  to  the  surface  of  the  touchscreen,  the  two  sheets  are  pressed  together,  registering  the
__label__interactivedisplays precise  location  of  the  touch.  this  technology  allows  one  to  use  a  finger,  a  stylus,  or  any  other  pointing  device  on  the  surface  of  the  board.active  electromagnetic  board  these  interactive  whiteboards  feature  an  array  of  wires  embedded  behind  the  board  surface  interacts  with  a  coil  in  the  stylus  tip  to  determine  the  x,y  coordinate  of  the  stylus.  styli  are  either  active  require  a  battery  or  wire  back  to  the  whiteboard  or  passive  alter  electrical  signals  produced  by  the  board,  but  contain  no  batteries  or  other  power  source.  in  other  words,  there  are  magnetic  sensors  in  the  board  that  react  and
__label__interactivedisplays send  a  message  back  to  the  computer  when  they  are  activated  by  a  magnetic  pen.passive  electromagnetic  board  in  contrast  to  an  active  electromagnetic  board  this  one  does  not  contain  the  sensing  technology  in  the  board  itself,  but  in  the  pen.  tiny  magnetic  fibers  are  embedded  in  the  whiteboard  and  form  a  pattern  that  an  electromagnetic  coil  in  the  pen  is  able  to  sense.  therefore,  the  pen  is  able  to  calculate  its  location  on  the  whiteboard  and  sends  this  information  to  a  computer.capacitive  just  like  the  electromagnetic  type,  the  capacitive  type  works  with  an  array  of  wires  behind  the  board.  in
__label__interactivedisplays this  case  however  the  wires  interact  with  fingers  touching  the  screen.  the  interaction  between  the  different  wires  laminated  in  a  patented  x  and  yaxis  manner  and  the  tip  of  the  finger  is  measured  and  calculated  to  a  x,  y  coordinate.  other  types  include  projected  capacitive,  which  uses  an  indium  tin  oxide  ito  grid  sandwiched  between  clear  film  and  the  newest  type  using  transparent  electrodes  replacing  the  ito.optical:infrared  light  curtain  when  pressed  to  the  whiteboard  surface,  the  finger  or  marker  sees  the  infrared  light.  software  then  manipulates  the  information  to  triangulate  the  location  of  the  marker  or  stylus.  this  technology  allows
__label__interactivedisplays whiteboards  to  be  made  of  any  material;  with  this  system  no  dryerase  marker  or  stylus  is  needed.laser  light  curtain  an  infrared  laser  is  located  in  each  upper  corner  of  the  whiteboard.  the  laser  beam  sweeps  across  the  whiteboard  surfacemuch  like  a  lighthouse  sweeps  light  across  the  oceanby  using  a  rotating  mirror.  reflectors  on  the  stylus  or  marker  reflect  the  laser  beam  back  to  the  source  and  the  x,y  position  can  be  triangulated.  this  technology  may  be  combined  with  a  hard  usually  ceramic  on  steel  surface,  which  has  long  life  and  erases  cleanly.  markers  and  styli  are  passive,  but  must  have
__label__interactivedisplays reflective  tape  to  work.projector/laser  light  curtain  a  dual  infrared  laser  device  is  positioned  in  the  top  middle  area  of  a  flat  surface.  the  laser  beam  sweeps  across  the  surface  creating  an  invisible  curtain.  the  projector,  usually  an  ultra  short  throw  projector  has  a  built  in  camera  with  an  infrared  filter  that  scans  the  projected  area.  when  a  pointer,  finger  or  marker  disrupts  the  laser  curtain,  an  x,y  position  can  be  traced.  this  is  one  of  the  few  optical  technologies  that  do  not  require  a  reflecting  frame  in  the  perimeter  of  the  projected  area  to  work.frustrated  total  internal  reflection  infrared  light
__label__interactivedisplays bounces  within  a  flexible  and  transparent  surface.  when  the  surface  is  deformed  through  a  finger  press  the  internal  reflection  is  disrupted  and  the  light  escapes  the  surface  where  it  is  then  sensed  by  cameras.  image  processing  software  turns  the  light  spots  observed  by  the  cameras  into  mouse  or  pointer  movements.camera  pen  and  dot  pattern  these  interactive  whiteboards  have  a  microscopic  dot  pattern  embedded  in  the  writing  surface.  a  wireless  digital  pen  contains  an  infrared  camera  that  reads  the  dot  pattern  to  determine  the  exact  location  on  the  board.  the  digital  pen  uses  this  pattern  to  store  the  handwriting  and  upload
__label__interactivedisplays it  to  a  computer.  the  accuracy  is  high  since  the  coordinates  are  usually  fixed  at  about  600  dots  per  inch.  with  the  electronics  in  the  pen,  the  whiteboard  is  passive  containing  no  electronics  or  wiring.  this  is  licensed  as  anoto  technology.wii  remote  iwb  a  wii  remote  is  connected  to  a  computer  through  its  bluetooth  connection  capabilities.  using  opensource  software  and  an  irpen  a  pen  made  with  a  momentary  switch,  power  source  and  an  infrared  led  any  surface  desk/floor/wall/whiteboard/lcd  can  be  turned  into  an  interactive  whiteboard.  being  more  portable  and  typically  more  affordable,  boardshare  is  a  completely  portable  these  may  also
__label__interactivedisplays require  a  laptop  and  projector.  the  wii  remote  has  a  very  accurate  infrared  light  tracking  camera.  once  calibrated,  the  wii  remote  detects  a  mouse  click  at  the  screen  location  of  the  irpen.  the  wii  remote  was  first  adapted  for  use  as  an  interactive  whiteboard  by  johnny  chung  lee.dst  dispersive  signal  technology  a  touch  causes  vibrations  which  create  a  bending  wave  through  the  substrate,  which  is  detected  by  cornermounted  sensors.  using  advanced  digital  signal  processing  and  proprietary  algorithms,  an  accurate  touch  location  is  identified.  a  touch  is  activated  by  a  finger  or  stylus  touching  the  glass  substrate  and  creating  a  vibration.
__label__interactivedisplays the  vibration  radiates  a  bending  wave  through  the  substrate,  from  the  point  of  contact  and  spreading  out  to  the  edges.  sensors  in  the  corners  convert  the  vibrational  energy  into  electrical  signals.  through  advanced  digital  signal  processing,  we  are  able  to  apply  dispersion  correction  algorithms  which  analyze  the  signals  and  report  an  accurate  touch.ultrasonic:ultrasonic  only  these  devices  have  two  ultrasonic  transmitters  in  two  corners  and  two  receivers  in  the  other  two  corners.  the  ultrasonic  waves  are  transmitted  by  the  whiteboard  surface.  some  little  marks  in  the  whiteboard  borders  create  reflecting  waves  for  each  ultrasonic  transmitter  at  different  and  recognizable  distances.  touching
__label__interactivedisplays with  a  pen  or  even  the  finger  in  the  whiteboard  causes  these  point  waves  to  be  suppressed,  and  the  receivers  communicate  the  fact  to  the  controller.hybrid  ultrasound  and  infrared  when  pressed  to  the  whiteboard  surface,  the  marker  or  stylus  sends  out  both  an  ultrasonic  sound  and  an  infrared  light.  two  ultrasonic  microphones  receive  the  sound  and  measure  the  difference  in  the  sounds  arrival  time,  and  triangulate  the  location  of  the  marker  or  stylus.  this  technology  allows  whiteboards  to  be  made  of  any  material,  but  requires  a  suitably  adapted  active  dryerase  marker  or  stylus.  potential  issues  permanent  markers  and  use  of
__label__interactivedisplays regular  dry  erase  markers  can  create  problems  on  some  interactive  whiteboard  surfaces  because  interactive  whiteboard  surfaces  are  most  often  melamine,  which  is  a  porous,  painted  surface  that  can  absorb  marker  ink.  punctures,  dents  and  other  damage  to  surfaces  are  also  a  risk.some  educators  have  found  that  the  use  of  interactive  whiteboards  reinforces  an  ageold  teaching  method:  the  teacher  speaks,  and  students  listen.  this  teaching  model  is  contrary  to  many  modern  instructional  models.  front  and  rear  projection  interactive  whiteboards  are  generally  available  in  two  forms:  front  projection  and  rear  projection.frontprojection  interactive  whiteboards  have  a  video  projector  in  front  of  the  whiteboard.
__label__interactivedisplays a  disadvantage  of  frontprojection  whiteboards  is  that  the  presenter,  standing  in  front  of  the  screen,  must  extend  his  or  her  arm  with  or  without  a  stylus  to  avoid  casting  a  shadow.  this  is  not  a  disadvantage  of  ultrashortthrow  ust  projectors,  which  cast  an  image  from  above  and  just  in  front  of  the  iwb  surface,  removing  the  presenter  from  the  beams  path.rearprojection  interactive  whiteboards  locate  the  projector  or  emissive  display  behind  the  whiteboard  sensing  surface  so  that  no  shadows  occur.  this  also  avoids  the  problem  with  frontprojection  boards  that  the  presenter  has  to  look  into  the  projector  light  while  speaking  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  audience.  however,  rearprojection  systems  are  generally  significantly  more  expensive  than  frontprojection  boards,  are  often  very  large,  and  cannot  be  mounted  flush  on  a  wall,  although  inwall  installations  are  possible.some  manufacturers  also  provide  an  option  to  raise  and  lower  the  display  to  accommodate  users  of  different  heights.  shortthrow  projection  systems  and  interactive  whiteboards  some  manufacturers  offer  shortthrow  projection  systems  in  which  a  projector  with  a  special  wide  angle  lens  is  mounted  much  closer  to  the  interactive  whiteboard  surface  and  projects  down  at  an  angle  of  around  45  degrees.  these  vastly  reduce  the  shadow  effects  of  traditional  frontprojection  systems  and  eliminate
__label__interactivedisplays any  chance  for  a  user  to  see  the  projector  beam.  the  risk  of  projector  theft,  which  is  problematic  for  some  school  districts,  is  reduced  by  integrating  the  projector  with  the  interactive  whiteboard.some  manufacturers  have  provided  a  unified  system  where  the  whiteboards,  short  throw  projection  system  and  audio  system  are  all  combined  into  a  single  unit  which  can  be  set  at  different  heights  and  enable  young  children  and  those  in  wheelchairs  to  access  all  areas  of  the  board.  reduced  installation  costs  make  these  shortthrow  projection  systems  cost  effective.  calibration  in  most  cases,  the  touch  surface  must  be  initially  calibrated  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays display  image.  this  process  involves  displaying  a  sequence  of  dots  or  crosses  on  the  touch  surface  and  having  the  user  select  these  dots  either  with  a  stylus  or  their  finger.  this  process  is  called  alignment,  calibration,  or  orientation.  fixed  installations  with  projectors  and  boards  bolted  to  roof  and  wall  greatly  reduce  or  eliminate  the  need  to  calibrate.a  few  interactive  whiteboards  can  automatically  detect  projected  images  during  a  different  type  of  calibration.  the  technology  was  developed  by  mitsubishi  electric  research  laboratories  inc  and  is  disclosed  in  patent  7,001,023.  the  computer  projects  a  gray  code  sequence  of  white  and  black  bars  on
__label__interactivedisplays the  touch  surface  and  light  sensitive  sensors  behind  the  touch  surface  detect  the  light  passing  through  the  touch  surface.  this  sequence  allows  the  computer  to  align  the  touch  surface  with  the  display;  however,  it  has  the  disadvantage  of  having  tiny  fibersized  dead  spots  in  the  resistive  touch  surface  where  the  light  sensors  are  present.  the  dead  spots  are  so  small  that  touches  in  that  area  are  still  presented  to  the  computer  properly.another  system  involves  having  a  light  sensor  built  into  the  projector  and  facing  the  screen.  as  the  projector  generates  its  calibration  image  a  process  called  training,  it  detects  the
__label__interactivedisplays change  in  light  reflected  from  the  black  border  and  the  white  surface.  in  this  manner  it  can  uniquely  compute  all  the  linear  matrix  transform  coefficients.yet  another  system  includes  a  camera  built  into  the  handheld  pen,  with  human  imperceptible  targets  injected  into  the  image  stream  sent  to  the  projector  or  display,  containing  positioning  information,  where  the  camera  detects  that  information  and  calculates  position  accordingly,  requiring  no  calibration  at  all.  such  a  technology  and  system  is  integrated  into  penveu,  and  is  further  disclosed  in  patent  8,217,997  associated  equipment  a  variety  of  accessories  is  available  for  interactive  whiteboards:mobile  stand  allows  the  interactive  whiteboard
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  moved  between  rooms.  many  are  height  adjustable  as  well.personal  response  system  allows  students  to  answer  test  questions  posted  on  the  whiteboard  or  take  part  in  polls  and  surveys.printer  allows  copies  of  the  whiteboard  notes  to  be  made.remote  control  allows  the  presenter  to  control  the  board  from  different  parts  of  the  room  and  eliminates  onscreen  toolbars.slate  or  tablet  allows  students  control  of  the  whiteboard  away  from  the  front  of  the  room.track  allows  the  whiteboard  to  be  placed  over  a  traditional  whiteboard  or  tackboard  to  provide  additional  wall  space  at  the  front  of  the  room.  some  tracks  provide  power  and
__label__interactivedisplays data  to  the  whiteboard  as  well.video  projector  allows  a  computer  display  to  be  projected  onto  the  whiteboard.  short  throw  projectors  are  available  from  some  manufacturers  that  mount  directly  above  the  board  minimizing  shadow  effects.  ultra  short  throw  projectors  are  even  more  effective.wireless  unit  allows  the  interactive  whiteboard  to  operate  without  wires  to  the  computer,  e.g.  bluetooth.  references
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  is  a  subsegment  of  electronic  signage.  digital  displays  use  technologies  such  as  lcd,  led,  projection  and  epaper  to  display  digital  images,  video,  web  pages,  weather  data,  restaurant  menus,  or  text.  they  can  be  found  in  public  spaces,  transportation  systems,  museums,  stadiums,  retail  stores,  hotels,  restaurants  and  corporate  buildings  etc.,  to  provide  wayfinding,  exhibitions,  marketing  and  outdoor  advertising.  they  are  used  as  a  network  of  electronic  displays  that  are  centrally  managed  and  individually  addressable  for  the  display  of  text,  animated  or  video  messages  for  advertising,  information,  entertainment  and  merchandising  to  targeted  audiences.  roles  and  function  the  many  different  uses
__label__interactivedisplays of  digital  signage  allow  a  business  to  accomplish  a  variety  of  goals.  some  of  the  most  common  applications  include:public  information  news,  weather,  traffic  and  local  location  specific  information,  such  as  building  directory  with  a  map,  fire  exits  and  traveler  information.internal  information  corporate  messages,  such  as  health  safety  items,  news  and  so  forth.product  information  pricing,  photos,  raw  materials  or  ingredients,  suggested  applications  and  other  product  information  especially  useful  in  food  marketing  where  signage  may  include  nutritional  facts  or  suggested  uses  or  recipes.information  to  enhance  the  customer  service  experience  interpretive  signage  in  museums,  galleries,  zoos,  parks  and  gardens,  exhibitions,  tourist  and  cultural
__label__interactivedisplays attractions.advertising  and  promotion  promoting  products  or  services,  may  be  related  to  the  location  of  the  sign  or  using  the  screens  audience  reach  for  general  advertising.brand  building  instore  digital  sign  to  promote  the  brand  and  build  a  brand  identity.influencing  customer  behavior  navigation,  directing  customers  to  different  areas,  increasing  the  dwell  time  on  the  store  premises  and  a  wide  range  of  other  uses  in  service  of  such  influence.influencing  product  or  brand  decisionmaking  signage  at  the  point  of  sale  designed  to  influence  choice  e.g.  signage  to  help  shoppers  to  choose  dresses  inside  a  fashion  store  or  devices  that  on  a  computerized  shopping  trolley
__label__interactivedisplays helping  the  customer  locate  products,  check  prices,  access  product  information  and  manage  shopping  lists.enhancing  customer  experience  applications  include  the  reduction  of  perceived  wait  time  in  the  waiting  areas  of  restaurants  and  other  retail  operations,  bank  queues,  and  similar  circumstances,  as  well  as  demonstrations,  such  as  those  of  recipes  in  food  stores,  among  other  examples.navigation  with  interactive  screens  in  the  floor,  for  example,  as  with  informational  footsteps  found  in  some  tourist  attractions,  museums  and  the  like  or  with  other  means  of  dynamic  wayfinding.reservations  small,  interactive  screens  on  walls  or  desks  that  allow  employees  to  reserve  the  space  for  a  limited  time
__label__interactivedisplays and  integrate  with  a  room  and  resource  scheduling  platform.  industry  overview  over  200  different  companies  worldwide  market  digital  signage  solutions  and  the  number  is  still  consistently  growing.  with  the  influx  of  digital  signage  providers,  the  digital  signage  market  is  expected  to  grow  upward  to  us21.92  billion  by  2020,  with  a  cagr  of  8.04  from  2015  to  2020.  the  reason  for  the  rise  is  due  to  the  growing  demand  by  companies  for  the  development  of  digital  signage  solutions,  advertisement  displays  and  paper  wastage  reduction.  presently,  north  america  dominates  the  digital  signage  market  and  will  be  expected  to  continue  dominating  the  market
__label__interactivedisplays until  2020,  with  the  us  occupying  a  majority  of  the  market  share.  the  asia  pacific  and  european  region  has  shown  promise,  with  germany  and  uk  in  europe,  and  japan  and  south  korea  in  the  asia  pacific  region.  these  four  countries  are  expected  to  have  the  highest  rate  of  growth  by  2020.  the  predominant  market  users  of  digital  signage  are  restaurants,  retailers,  office  buildings,  regional  state  and  local  planning  authorities,  public  transport  services,  and  various  different  industries.  restaurants  digital  signage  is  used  in  restaurants  through  an  interactive  menu  screen  that  rotates  promotional  offers.  restaurants  use  digital  signage  both  indoors  and  outdoors,
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  latter  needing  a  form  of  weather  protection  depending  on  the  components  of  the  hardware.  outdoor  usage  of  digital  signage  is  most  prevalent  in  drivethrough  that  allows  the  customer  to  browse  through  the  entire  menu  at  a  glance  while  also  placing  their  order  with  an  interactive  touchscreen.  indoor  digital  signage  is  used  for  the  display  of  menus.  prior  to  the  integration  of  digital  signage,  restaurants  manually  updated  the  cafeteria  menu,  which  is  in  itself  a  fulltime  job,  especially  if  the  menu  is  updated  daily.  with  digital  signage,  restaurants  do  not  have  to  manually  update  the  menu  feed,  with  live
__label__interactivedisplays menu  feed  from  digital  signage  solutions.  according  to  a  survey  conducted  by  quickservice  restaurants  and  casual  restaurant  operators,  over  20  of  restaurant  operators  experience  a  5  sales  lift  after  incorporating  digital  signage  in  their  service  sectors.  shopping  malls  digital  signage  is  widely  used  in  shopping  malls  as  a  form  of  directory  or  map  display.  uses  of  digital  signage  include  a  wayfinding  kiosk,  enabling  the  customer  to  find  their  path  through  an  interactive  touchscreen.  recent  digital  signage  have  begun  combining  interactive  advertisement  with  wayfinding  application.  this  will  offer  shoppers  who  interact  with  the  advertisement  of  the  tenant  in  the  shopping  mall
__label__interactivedisplays to  the  store.  another  usage  is  disseminating  relevant  information  such  as  the  schedule  of  an  event  or  campaign.  campaigns  digital  signage  is  used  during  exhibitions  or  marketing  events  to  entice  passersby.  digital  signage  aims  to  attract  crowds  to  events  and  enhance  visitor  experience  by  making  the  experience  memorable.  exhibitions  use  digital  signage  to  create  branding  experiences.  a  recent  campaign  promoting  the  release  of  the  emoji  movie  used  a  digital  signage  kiosk  to  allow  guests  to  interact  with  various  emoji  characters  via  the  windows  outside  and  inside  of  the  party.  hospitality  the  hospitality  industry  uses  digital  signage  to  display  crucial  information
__label__interactivedisplays at  a  convenient  and  visible  location  for  all  its  patron.  a  digital  signage  is  capable  of  functioning  as  a  virtual  concierge  in  hotels  and  as  entertainment  for  conferences  during  waiting  room.  digital  signage  is  also  used  in  hotels  as  a  form  of  wayfinding,  to  guide  a  large  group  of  people  for  a  conference  to  the  correct  room.  digital  signage  is  used  to  provide  a  simple  method  to  update  information  that  is  continuously  changing  such  as  expo  information.  cinema  digital  signage  is  placed  in  the  lobby,  concession  stands  and  displays  advertisement  before  the  movie  begins.  this  informs  customers  about  other  theater
__label__interactivedisplays offerings  and  scheduling,  increasing  concession  sales  and  gaining  other  sources  of  revenue.  transport  transport  is  a  growing  sector  for  digital  signage  with  practical  solutions,  such  as  wayfinding,  as  well  as  outofhome  advertising.  personalized  digital  content  one  specific  use  of  digital  signage  is  for  outofhome  advertising  in  which  video  content,  advertisements,  and/or  messages  are  displayed  on  digital  signs  with  the  goal  of  delivering  targeted  messages,  to  specific  locations  and/or  consumers,  at  specific  times.  this  is  often  called  digital  out  of  home  dooh.  education  digital  signage  can  be  used  for  school  cafeteria  menu  boards,  digitized  noticeboards,  and  as  an  element  of  smart
__label__interactivedisplays campuses.  the  university  of  minnesota  has  installed  300  digital  signage  boards,  updated  with  realtime  data.  technologies  interactivity  interactive  digital  signage  allows  end  users  to  interact  with  digital  content  via  touchscreens,  body  sensors  or  qr  codes  via  smartphones.digital  signs  can  interact  with  mobile  phones  using  sms  messaging  and  bluetooth.  sms  can  be  used  to  post  messages  on  the  displays,  while  bluetooth  allows  users  to  interact  directly  with  what  they  see  on  screen.  in  addition  to  mobile  interactivity,  networks  are  also  using  technology  that  integrates  social  and  locationbased  media  interactivity.  this  technology  enables  end  users  to  upload  photos  and  messages  to  social
__label__interactivedisplays networks  as  well  as  text  messages.the  widespread  use  of  smartphones  led  to  the  development  of  screensmart  device  interaction  technologies.  these  allow  smartphone  users  to  interact  directly  with  the  digital  signage  screen,  for  example,  participate  in  a  poll,  play  a  game,  or  share  social  network  content.  jpeg  images  and  mpeg4  videos  remain  the  dominant  digital  content  formats  for  the  digital  signage  industry.  for  interactive  content,  html5  and  unity3d  are  widely  used  due  to  their  popularity  among  web  developers  and  multimedia  designers.  contextaware  digital  signage  contextaware  digital  signage  leverages  technologies  such  as  sensors,  cameras,  beacons,  rfid  technologies,  software  programs  and  network  connectivity
__label__interactivedisplays including  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  monitor  the  ambient  environment,  process  information  and  deliver  promotional  messages  based  on  environmental  cues.  many  digital  signage  products  include  cameras  and  gather  shopper  demographic  data  by  estimating  the  age,  gender  and  economic  status  of  passersby  and  use  this  information  to  update  signage  as  well  as  to  provide  backend  analytics  and  shopper  profiles.  equipment  and  network  infrastructure  digital  signs  rely  on  a  variety  of  hardware  to  deliver  the  content.  the  components  of  a  typical  digital  sign  installation  include  one  or  more  display  screens,  one  or  more  media  players,  and  a  content  management  server.  sometimes
__label__interactivedisplays two  or  more  of  these  components  are  present  in  a  single  device  but  typically  there  is  a  display  screen,  a  media  player,  and  a  content  management  server  that  is  connected  to  the  media  player  over  a  network.  one  content  management  server  may  support  multiple  media  players  and  one  media  player  may  support  multiple  screens.  standalone  digital  sign  devices  combine  all  three  functions  in  one  device  and  no  network  connection  is  needed.  digital  signage  media  players  run  on  a  variety  of  operating  systems  including  windows,  linux,  android  and  ios.  lcd  and  led  displays  rapidly  dropping  prices  for  large  plasma  and  lcd
__label__interactivedisplays screens  have  led  to  a  growing  increase  in  the  number  of  digital  sign  installations.  an  array  of  these  displays  is  known  as  a  video  wall.digital  signage  displays  use  content  management  systems  and  digital  media  distribution  systems  which  can  either  be  run  from  personal  computers  and  servers  or  regional/national  media  hosting  providers.  in  many  digital  sign  applications,  content  must  be  regularly  updated  to  ensure  that  the  correct  messages  are  being  displayed.  this  can  either  be  done  manually  as  and  when  needed,  through  a  scheduling  system,  using  a  data  feed  from  a  content  provider  e.g.  canadian  press,  data  call  technologies,  bloomberg  lp,
__label__interactivedisplays thomson  reuters,  ahn,  or  an  inhouse  data  source.whenever  the  display,  media  player  and  content  server  are  located  apart  there  is  a  need  for  audiovideo  wiring  between  the  display  and  the  media  player  and  between  the  media  player  and  the  content  server.  the  connection  from  media  player  to  display  is  normally  a  vga,  dvi,  hdmi  or  component  video  connection.  sometimes  this  signal  is  distributed  over  cat  5  cables  using  transmitter  and  receiver  baluns  allowing  for  greater  distances  between  display  and  player  and  simplified  wiring.  the  connection  from  media  player  to  the  content  server  is  usually  a  wired  ethernet  connection  although  some
__label__interactivedisplays installations  use  wireless  wifi  networking.  usage  reporting  some  digital  signage  with  the  ability  to  offer  interactive  media  content  will  come  with  a  usage  reporting  function.  each  interaction  users  have  made  with  the  digital  signage  such  as  the  photos  that  were  taken,  the  number  of  games  that  were  played  will  be  recorded  in  the  digital  signage  and  produced  in  the  form  of  a  usage  report.  from  the  report,  owners  of  the  digital  signage  will  be  able  to  gauge  the  effectiveness  of  the  particular  advertisement  or  media  content  that  was  in  play  at  the  specific  hour  based  on  the  number  of  times
__label__interactivedisplays interaction  has  been  made.  furthermore,  if  the  digital  signage  is  integrated  with  kinect,the  signage  will  be  able  to  determine  the  proximity  of  the  consumer  to  the  display  and  their  demographic  details  such  as  age,  gender  for  further  analytic  and  consumer  behavior  study.  history  digital  content  is  managed  via  display  control  software.  this  control  software  can  be  a  standalone  dedicated  program  or  integrated  with  hardware.  new  messages  can  be  created  from  an  inventory  of  audio,  video,  image,  graphics,  words  and  phrases  which  are  assembled  in  different  combinations  and  permutations  to  yield  new  messages  in  realtime.digital  content  displayed  on  the  signage  is
__label__interactivedisplays presented  in  one  of  the  following  formats:text  scrolling  text.  either  scrolling  text,  or  text  dynamically  updated  via  external  newsfeed  source.images  scrolling  images,  usually  in  the  format  of  digital  advertisement  postersvideo  many  display  control  systems  use  canned  graphics  and  video,  however,  custom  video  can  be  selfgenerated  or  contracted  by  many  sources.interactive  interfaces  integration  of  signage  with  a  touch  screen,  beacons,  sensors,  rfid  technologies,  to  allow  for  twoway  communications  with  the  users.  interactive  digital  signage  helps  to  engage  users  and  may  also  assist  advertisers  to  gain  insight  into  customer  behavior.contextaware  interfaces  integration  of  signage  with  cameras,  sensors  and  software  to  monitor  the
__label__interactivedisplays ambient  environment  and  audience,  allowing  signage  to  be  updated  according  to  the  audience  profile,  weather  conditions  or  some  other  relevant  external  factor.  predecessors  to  electronic  signage  prior  to  the  advent  of  digital  signage  throughout  the  industries,  electronic  paper  were  used  as  display  devices.  electronic  paper  were  used  to  hold  static  texts  and  images  indefinitely  without  electricity.  the  disadvantage  to  electronic  paper  as  a  form  of  digital  signage  is  the  limited  reach  of  information  transmission.  users  that  need  to  update  the  information  will  need  to  be  in  the  same  retail  store,  or  be  within  the  proximity  for  shopping  malls.  this  required
__label__interactivedisplays manual  work  from  store  staffs  and  shopping  mall  staff  in  maintaining  the  device  with  the  latest  information.  first  generation:  dot  matrix  display  first  generation  of  digital  signage  display  utilize  led  board,  projection  screens  or  other  emerging  display  types  like  interactive  surfaces  or  organic  led  screens  oled.  a  dot  matrix  display  digital  signage  will  relay  the  information  within  a  database.  all  the  information  must  be  inputted  manually  by  a  person  before  the  message  display  is  updated.  this  form  of  digital  signage  is  most  commonly  used  in  both  train  stations,  airports,  and  other  areas  where  information  must  be  conveyed  to  the  mass
__label__interactivedisplays public.  the  downside  of  having  dot  matrix  digital  signage  is  the  lack  of  media  player.  this  digital  signage  will  not  be  able  to  play  multimedia  contents.  second  generation:  multimedia  player  digital  signage  the  second  generation  of  digital  signage  is  able  to  play  multimedia  contents  and  is  controlled  by  a  centralized  management  system.  digital  audiovisual  av  content  is  reproduced  on  tvs  and  monitor  displays  of  a  digital  sign  network  from  at  least  one  media  player  usually  a  small  computer  unit,  but  dvd  players  and  other  types  of  media  sources  may  also  be  used.  various  hardware  and  software  options  exist.  these  range
__label__interactivedisplays from  portable  media  players  that  can  output  jpg  slide  shows  or  loops  of  mpeg2  video  to  networks  consisting  of  multiple  players  and  servers  that  offer  control  over  enterprisewide  or  campuswide  displays  at  many  venues  from  a  single  location.  the  former  are  ideal  for  small  groups  of  displays  that  can  be  updated  via  usb  flash  drive,  sd  card  or  cdrom.  another  option  is  the  use  of  d.a.n.  digital  advertising  network  players  that  connect  directly  to  the  monitor  and  to  the  internet,  to  a  wan  wide  area  network,  or  to  a  lan  local  area  network.  this  allows  the  end  user  the  ability
__label__interactivedisplays to  manage  multiple  d.a.n.  players  from  any  location.  the  end  user  can  create  new  advertising  or  edit  existing  advertisements  and  then  upload  changes  to  the  d.a.n.  via  the  internet  or  other  networking  options.apis  for  some  digital  sign  software  allow  customized  content  management  interfaces  through  which  endusers  can  manage  their  content  from  one  location.more  advanced  digital  sign  software  allows  content  to  be  automatically  created  by  the  media  players  computers  and  servers  on  a  minutebyminute  basis,  combining  realtime  data,  from  news  to  weather,  prices,  transport  schedules,  etc.,  with  av  content  to  produce  the  most  uptodate  content.  third  generation:  interactive  digital  signage  the
__label__interactivedisplays current  generation  of  digital  signage  builds  onto  the  previous  generation  with  the  added  function  to  interact  with  the  system.  users  will  be  able  to  interact  with  the  advertisement,  scroll  through  the  product  menu,  or  share  their  information  online  via  the  new  generation  of  digital  signage.  the  interactive  digital  signage  opens  up  interaction  and  ability  to  collect  more  personalize  information.  some  common  uses  of  interactive  digital  signage  are  for  users  to  take  a  picture  and  then  connect  to  their  facebook,  twitter,  instagram,  or  other  social  media  platform  to  share  the  photo  they  have  taken.  see  also  electronic  signageemergency  communication  systemkiosk  softwareoutofhome
__label__interactivedisplays an  interactive  kiosk  is  a  computer  terminal  featuring  specialized  hardware  and  software  that  provides  access  to  information  and  applications  for  communication,  commerce,  entertainment,  or  education.early  interactive  kiosks  sometimes  resembled  telephone  booths,  but  have  been  embraced  by  retail,  food  service  and  hospitality  to  improve  customer  service.  interactive  kiosks  are  typically  placed  in  high  foot  traffic  settings  such  as  shops,  hotel  lobbies  or  airports.integration  of  technology  allows  kiosks  to  perform  a  wide  range  of  functions,  evolving  into  selfservice  kiosks.  for  example,  kiosks  may  enable  users  to  order  from  a  shops  catalogue  when  items  are  not  in  stock,  check  out  a  library  book,
__label__interactivedisplays look  up  information  about  products,  issue  a  hotel  key  card,  enter  a  public  utility  bill  account  number  in  order  to  perform  an  online  transaction,  or  collect  cash  in  exchange  for  merchandise.  customised  components  such  as  coin  hoppers,  bill  acceptors,  card  readers  and  thermal  printers  enable  kiosks  to  meet  the  owners  specialised  needs.  history  the  first  selfservice,  interactive  kiosk  was  developed  in  1977  at  the  university  of  illinois  at  urbanachampaign  by  a  premed  student,  murray  lappe.  the  content  was  created  on  the  plato  computer  system  and  accessible  by  plasma  touch  screen  interface.  the  plasma  display  panel  was  invented  at  the  university
__label__interactivedisplays of  illinois  by  donald  l.  bitzer.  lappes  kiosk,  called  the  plato  hotline  allowed  students  and  visitors  to  find  movies,  maps,  directories,  bus  schedules,  extracurricular  activities  and  courses.  when  it  debuted  in  the  u  of  illinois  student  union  in  april  1977,  more  than  30,000  students,  teachers  and  visitors  stood  in  line  during  its  first  6  weeks,  to  try  their  hand  at  a  personal  computer  for  the  first  time.the  first  successful  network  of  interactive  kiosks  used  for  commercial  purposes  was  a  project  developed  by  the  shoe  retailer  florsheim  shoe  co.,  led  by  their  executive  vp,  harry  bock,  installed  circa  1985.  the  interactive
__label__interactivedisplays kiosk  was  created,  manufactured  and  customized  by  byvideo  inc.  of  sunnyvale,  ca.  the  network  of  over  600  kiosks  provided  images  and  video  promotion  for  customers  who  wished  to  purchase  shoes  that  were  not  available  in  the  retail  location.  style,  size  and  color  could  be  selected,  and  the  product  paid  for  on  the  kiosk  itself.  the  transaction  was  sent  to  the  florsheim  mainframe  in  st,  louis,  mo,  via  dialup  lines,  for  nextday  home  or  store  delivery  via  federal  express.  the  hardware  including  microcomputer,  display  system,  touchscreen  were  designed  and  built  by  byvideo,  while  other  components  like  the  crt,  floppy  disk,  printer,
__label__interactivedisplays keyboard  and  physical  housing  were  sourced  from  other  vendors.  the  videodisc  material  was  created  quarterly  by  byvideo  at  florsheims  direction,  in  byvideos  stateoftheart  video  production  facility  in  ca.  this  kiosk  network  operated  for  over  6  years  in  florsheim  retail  locations.in  1991,  the  first  commercial  kiosk  with  internet  connection  was  displayed  at  comdex.  the  application  was  for  locating  missing  children.  the  first  true  documentation  of  a  kiosk  was  the  1995  report  by  los  alamos  national  laboratory  which  detailed  what  the  interactive  kiosk  consisted  of.  this  was  first  announced  on  comp.infosystems.kiosks  by  arthur  the  original  usenet  moderator.in  1997,  kioskcom  was  launched  to
__label__interactivedisplays provide  a  tradeshow  for  organizations  looking  to  deploy  interactive  selfservice  kiosks.  these  trade  shows  used  to  occur  twice  a  year,  and  offer  companies  education  and  demonstrations  for  successful  selfservice  deployments.the  first  company  to  launch  a  statewide  interactive  kiosk  program  was  imperial  multimedia  in  2007.  imperial  multimedia  installed  interactive  kiosks  in  31  of  virginias  state  parks  and  these  electronic  kiosks  included  park  overviews,  printable  maps,  waypoints,  points  of  interest,  video  tours  of  trails,  and  emergency  information.todays  kiosks  bring  together  the  classic  vending  machine  with  hightech  communications  and  complex  robotic  and  mechanical  internals.  such  interactive  kiosks  can  include  selfcheckout  lanes,  eticketing,  information
__label__interactivedisplays and  wayfinding,  and  vending.  electronic  kiosks  have  become  a  larger  part  of  the  retail  landscape  as  users  embrace  technology  in  their  daily  lives.  one  such  example  of  a  strong  retail  kiosk  business  is  redbox,  a  movie  rental  kiosk  company.  redbox  was  formerly  a  subsidiary  of  outerwall,  inc.,  another  wellknown  company  popular  for  coinstar  kiosks.  design  and  construction  the  aesthetic  and  functional  design  of  interactive  kiosks  is  a  key  element  that  drives  user  adoption,  overall  uptime  and  affordability.  there  are  many  factors  to  consider  when  designing  an  interactive  kiosk  including:aesthetic  design:  the  design  of  the  enclosure  is  often  the  driving  factor
__label__interactivedisplays in  user  adoption  and  brand  recognition.manufacturing  volume:  this  will  determine  which  manufacturing  processes  are  appropriate  to  use  i.e.  sheetmetal,  thermoformed  plastic,  etc..kiosk  software:  the  interactive  function  of  the  kiosk  hardware  is  largely  determined  by  the  software  program  and  kiosk  software  configuration.graphic  messaging:  plays  a  key  role  in  communicating  with  potential  users.maintenance  and  thermal  design:  critical  in  order  to  maximize  uptime  the  time  between  failures  or  crashes.component  specification:  typical  components  include  touchscreen,  p.c.,  pointing  device,  keyboard,  bill  acceptor,  magstripe  and/  or  barcode  scanner,  surge  protector,  ups,  etc.ergonomic:  is  important  to  ensure  comfortable  and  easy  user  accessibility.regulatory  compliance:  in  the  us  it
__label__interactivedisplays is  important  to  design  to  ada.  electrical  standards  include  ul  in  the  u.s.  and  ce  in  europe.  in  the  retail  space  you  have  pci  certification  in  the  u.s.  which  is  descendant  of  visa  ped  relative  of  chip  and  pin  in  europe.interface  design:  designing  for  interactive  kiosks  typically  requires  larger  buttons  and  simpler  decision  trees  than  designing  for  a  web  or  computer  based  interactive.  catchy  attractive  animations  and  short  dwell  times  are  important.durability:  the  intended  location  of  the  kiosk  will  largely  influence  the  construction  as  materials  and  electronic  requirements  are  significantly  different  for  indoor  vs.  outdoor  kiosks.  interactive  kiosks  around  the
__label__interactivedisplays world  government  usage  several  countries  have  already  implemented  nationwide  installation  of  kiosks  for  various  purposes.  one  example  of  such  large  scale  installations  can  be  found  in  the  united  kingdom,  where  thousands  of  specialpurpose  kiosks  are  now  available  to  aid  jobseekers  in  finding  employment.the  united  states  department  of  homeland  security  has  created  immigration  kiosks  where  visitors  register  when  they  enter  the  united  states.  there  are  also  exit  kiosks  where  visitors  register  when  they  leave  the  u.s.internally  the  u.s.  government  has  institutions  such  as  the  postal  service  which  use  hr  kiosks  for  their  disconnected  employees  to  update  their  training  as  well  as
__label__interactivedisplays monitor  and  maintain  their  benefits.in  india,  digital  kiosks  are  used  for  various  purposes,  such  as  payment  of  bills.  industry  usage  it  is  estimated  that  over  1,200,000  kiosk  terminals  exist  in  the  u.s.  and  canada  alone.groups  who  use  kiosks  in  their  business  environment  include:  delta  airlines,  united  airlines,  jetblue  airways,  gtaa,  future  shop,  the  home  depot,  target  corporation,  and  walmart.  types  of  kiosks  telekiosk  the  tele  kiosk  can  be  considered  the  technical  successor  to  the  telephone  booth,  a  publicly  accessible  set  of  devices  that  are  used  for  communication.  these  can  include  email,  fax,  sms,  as  well  as  standard  telephone  service.  the
__label__interactivedisplays telekiosk  is  rarely  seen  anymore.telekiosks  gradually  appeared  around  the  united  kingdom  in  the  first  years  of  the  21st  century.  some  are  situated  in  shopping  centres  and  transport  terminals,  with  the  intention  of  providing  detailed  local  information.  others  are  in  public  places,  including  motorway  service  areas  and  airports.the  international  telecommunications  union  is  promoting  the  use  of  the  telekiosk  in  africa  and  parts  of  asia  where  local  people  do  not  have  access  to  communications  technology.  in  part  this  work  addresses  the  digital  divide  between  rich  and  poor  nations.  there  are,  however,  great  practical  benefits.  the  scheme  in  bhutan  aims  to  provide  an
__label__interactivedisplays epost  system,  whereby  messages  are  relayed  by  telephone,  then  delivered  by  hand  to  rural  areas,  easing  the  problems  of  transporting  letters  across  the  countryside.  health,  agricultural  and  educational  information  is  also  available.  financial  services  kiosk  the  financial  services  kiosk  can  provide  the  ability  for  customers  to  perform  transactions  that  may  normally  require  a  bank  teller  and  may  be  more  complex  and  longer  to  perform  than  desired  at  an  atm.  these  are  sometimes  to  referred  to  as  bankinabox  and  the  first  prime  example  would  be  the  vcom  units  deployed  in  711  in  u.s.these  units  are  generally  referred  to  multifunction  financial  service
__label__interactivedisplays kiosks  and  the  first  iteration  was  back  in  late  1990s  with  the  vcom  product  deployed  in  southland  7eleven  convenience  stores.  checkcashing,  billpayment  and  even  dispensing  cashcards.  new  multifunction  machines  have  been  deployed  in  cstore  markets  supported  by  speedway  and  others.by  2010,  the  largest  bill  pay  kiosk  network  is  att  for  the  phone  customers  which  allows  customers  to  pay  their  phone  bill.  verizon  and  sprint  have  similar  units  for  their  customers.  photo  kiosk  an  interactive  kiosk  which  allows  users  to  print  pictures  from  their  digital  images.  the  marquee  example  began  with  kodak  who  had  at  one  point  had  over  100,000  units
__label__interactivedisplays up  and  running  in  the  u.s.  many  of  these  units  were  customized  pcs  with  an  lcd  which  would  then  print  to  central  printer  in  customer  service.  two  major  classes  of  photo  kiosks  exist:digital  order  stations  this  type  of  photo  kiosk  exists  within  retail  locations  and  allows  users  to  place  orders  for  prints  and  photographic  products.  products  typically  get  produced  instore  by  a  digital  minilab,  or  at  another  location  to  be  shipped  directly  to  the  consumer,  or  back  to  the  store  to  be  picked  up  at  a  later  time.  digital  order  stations  may  or  may  not  support  instant  printing,  and  typically
__label__interactivedisplays do  not  handle  payments.instant  print  stations  this  type  of  photo  kiosk  uses  internal  printers  to  instantly  create  photographic  prints  for  a  self  serve  paying  customer.  often  located  in  public  locations  hotels,  schools,  airports,  instant  print  stations  handle  payments.  often  such  systems  will  only  print  4x6  inch  prints,  although  popular  dye  sublimation  photo  printers  as  of  2008  allow  for  4x6,  5x7,  8x10,  8x12.  its  more  a  matter  of  resupply  labor  economics  and  chassis  size.  internet  kiosk  an  internet  kiosk  is  a  terminal  that  provides  public  internet  access.  internet  kiosks  sometimes  resemble  telephone  booths,  and  are  typically  placed  in  settings  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays hotel  lobbies,  longterm  care  facilities,  medical  waiting  rooms,  apartment  complex  offices,  or  airports  for  fast  access  to  email  or  web  pages.  internet  kiosks  sometimes  have  a  bill  acceptor  or  a  credit  card  swipe,  and  nearly  always  have  a  computer  keyboard,  a  mouse  or  a  fixed  trackball  which  is  more  robust,  and  a  monitor.some  internet  kiosks  are  based  on  a  payment  model  similar  to  vending  machines  or  internet  caf,  while  others  are  free.  a  common  arrangement  with  payforuse  kiosks  has  the  owner  of  the  internet  kiosk  enter  into  a  partnership  with  the  owner  of  its  location,  paying  either  a  flat  rate
__label__interactivedisplays for  rental  of  the  floor  space  or  a  percentage  of  the  monthly  revenue  generated  by  the  machine.one  of  the  first  companies  in  north  america  to  develop  and  deploy  internet  kiosks  with  touch  screens  via  user  login  and  password  was  streetspace  inc.  based  out  of  san  francisco,  california.  starting  in  1999  they  deployed  internet  kiosks  across  locations  inside  cafes,  restaurants  and  record  shops  in  berkeley,  california.  streetspace  was  also  one  of  the  first  companies  to  rollout  targeted  advertising  and  services  to  these  internet  kiosks  based  on  the  location  of  the  kiosk  and  the  profile  of  the  user  when  they  logged  into
__label__interactivedisplays the  terminal.internet  kiosks  have  been  the  subject  of  hacker  activity.  hackers  will  download  spyware  and  catch  user  activity  via  keystroke  logging.  other  hackers  have  installed  hardware  keystroke  logging  devices  that  capture  user  activity.businesses  that  provide  internet  kiosks  are  encouraged  to  use  special  internet  kiosk  software  and  management  procedures  to  reduce  exposure  to  liability.  ticketing  kiosk  many  amusement  parks  such  as  disney  have  unattended  outdoor  ticketing  kiosks.  amtrak  has  automated  selfservice  ticketing  kiosks.  busch  gardens  uses  kiosks  for  amusement  parks.  lisbon  oceanarium  has  selfservive  ticketing  kiosks  by  partteam  oemkiosks.  cruise  ships  use  ticketing  kiosks  for  passengers.  checkin  kiosks  for  auto  rental
__label__interactivedisplays companies  such  as  alamo  and  national  have  had  national  deployments.the  ticket  halls  of  train  stations  and  metro  stations  have  ticketing  kiosks  that  sell  transit  passes,  train  tickets,  transit  tickets,  and  train  passes.  movie  ticket  kiosk  many  movie  theater  chains  have  specialized  ticket  machines  that  allow  their  customers  to  purchase  tickets  and/or  pick  up  tickets  that  were  purchased  online.  radiant  and  fujitsu  have  been  involved  in  this  segment.  restaurant  kiosk  a  new  way  to  order  incafe  from  tablet  kiosks.  kiosks  are  available  in  addition  to  cashier  stations  so  that  wait  time  is  reduced  for  all  guests.  the  kiosk  is  highly  visual
__label__interactivedisplays and  includes  a  product  builder  to  assist  with  order  accuracy  and  customization.  dvd  vending  kiosk  an  example  of  a  vending  kiosk  is  that  of  the  dvd  rental  kiosks  manufactured  by  several  manufacturers,  where  a  user  can  rent  a  dvd,  secured  by  credit  card  for  1  per  day.one  of  the  larger  dvd  vending  kiosks  companies  is  outerwall,  inc  who  owns  and  operates  the  redbox  kiosks  throughout  north  america.  they  also  operate  coinstar  kiosks  as  well.  visitor  management  and  security  kiosk  a  visitor  management  and  security  kiosk  can  facilitate  the  visitor  check  in  process  at  businesses,  schools,  and  other  controlled  access  environments.
__label__interactivedisplays these  systems  can  check  against  blacklists,  run  criminal  background  checks,  and  print  access  badges  for  visitors.  school  security  concerns  in  the  united  states  have  led  to  an  increase  in  these  types  of  kiosks  to  screen  and  track  visitors.  building  directory  and  wayfinding  kiosk  many  shopping  malls,  hospitals,  airports  and  other  large  public  buildings  use  interactive  kiosks  to  allow  visitors  to  navigate  in  buildings.  harris  county  hospital  district,  baptist  hospital  of  miami,  the  childrens  hospital  of  philadelphia  and  the  cayuga  medical  center  are  but  a  few  medical  centers  utilizing  interactive  touch  screen  kiosks  with  a  building  directory  and  wayfinding  solution.  hospital
__label__interactivedisplays and  medical  clinic  registration  and  checkin  kiosks  hospitals  and  medical  clinics  are  looking  to  kiosks  to  allow  patients  to  perform  routine  activities.  kiosks  that  allow  patients  to  check  in  for  their  scheduled  appointments  and  update  their  personal  demographics  reduce  the  need  to  line  up  and  interact  with  a  registration  clerk.  in  areas  where  patients  must  make  a  copay,  kiosks  will  also  collect  payment.  as  the  requirements  for  documentation,  waivers  and  consent  increase,  kiosks  with  integrated  signature  capture  devices  are  able  to  present  the  documentation  to  the  patient  and  collect  their  signature.  a  business  case  for  registration  and  checkin  kiosks  is
__label__interactivedisplays built  around:workload  reduction,data  quality  improvements,consistency  of  registration  process,  andpatient  experience  improvement.a  large  community  hospital  has  been  able  to  reduce  their  registration  staff  by  30,  improve  data  quality,  and  shorten  lineups.  information  kiosk  museums,  historical  sites,  national  parks  and  other  tourist/visitor  attractions  often  engage  kiosks  as  a  method  for  conveying  information  about  a  particular  exhibit  or  site.  kiosks  allow  guests  to  read  about  or  view  video  of  particular  artifacts  or  areas  at  their  own  pace  and  in  an  interactive  manner,  learning  more  about  those  areas  that  interest  them  most.  the  rockwell  museum  in  new  york  city  uses  touchscreen  tablets  to  provide
__label__interactivedisplays visitors  with  accessible  and  relevant  labels  for  a  particular  exhibit.  the  penn  state  all  sports  museum  employs  interactive  kiosks  to  display  up  to  date  information  about  past  and  current  penn  state  athletes  and  sports  teams.  the  ellis  island  national  museum  of  immigration  now  boasts  a  citizen  test  available  for  visitors  to  take  online  via  an  informational  kiosk.  additional  kiosk  displays  include  a  threads  of  migration  interactive  exhibition  featuring  three  touchscreen  kiosks  as  part  of  the  journey:  new  eras  of  immigration  section,  which  covers  immigration  since  1954.  video  kiosk  video  kiosk  integrates  video  conferencing  and  collaboration  capabilities  to  help  users  run
__label__interactivedisplays video  calls  or  conferences  with  available  operators,  view  content  or  exchange  messages.  video  kiosks  are  often  used  in  banking  or  telemedicine  for  improved  customer  service.  kiosk  reliability  reliability  is  an  important  consideration,  and  as  a  result  many  specialised  kiosk  software  applications  have  been  developed  for  the  industry.  these  applications  interface  with  the  bill  acceptor  and  credit  card  swipe,  meter  time,  prevent  users  from  changing  the  configuration  of  software  or  downloading  computer  viruses  and  allow  the  kiosk  owner  to  see  revenue.  threats  to  reliability  come  from  vulnerabilities  to  hacking,  allowing  access  to  the  os,  and  the  need  for  a  session  or
__label__interactivedisplays hardware  restart.  kiosk  industry  segments  the  kiosk  industry  is  divided  into  three  segments:  kiosk  hardware,  kiosk  software,  and  kiosk  application.  kiosk  software  locks  down  your  operating  system  be  it  apple,  windows,  android,  or  linux  or  chromeos  to  restrict  access  and/or  functionality  of  a  kiosk  hardware  device.  this  allows  for  users  to  interact  with  an  application  that  serves  a  selfservice  purpose  such  as  those  mentioned  above.  kiosk  manufacturing  industry  historically  electronic  kiosks  though  are  standalone  enclosures  which  accept  user  input,  integrate  many  devices,  include  a  software  gui  application  and  remote  monitoring  and  are  deployed  widely  across  all  industry  verticals.  this  is
__label__interactivedisplays considered  kiosk  hardware  within  the  kiosk  industry.posrelated  kiosks  are  lane  busting  checkouts  such  as  seen  at  large  retailers  like  home  depot  and  kroger.simple  touchscreen  terminals  or  panelpcs  are  another  segment  and  enjoy  most  of  their  footprint  in  pos  retail  applications  and  typically  facing  the  employee.  terminals  include  ncr  advantage  740x  terminal  and  the  ibm  anyplace  computer  terminal.  these  units  are  considered  kiosks  only  in  functionality  delivered  and  typically  only  incorporate  touchscreen,  bar  code  scanner  and/or  magnetic  stripe  reader.market  segments  for  kiosk  and  selfservice  terminal  manufacturers  include  photo  kiosks,  government,  airlines,  internet,  music,  retail  loyalty,  hr  and  financial  services,  just  to
__label__interactivedisplays name  some.  customer  flow,  queue  and  checkin  this  segment  includes  healthcare  patient  checkin  and  take  a  number  type  custom  flow.  devices  range  from  simple  ticket  dispense  to  biometrics  fingerprint  readers  for  patient  checkin.the  basic  application  of  kiosks  in  the  hotel  industry  is  to  reduce  waiting  time  for  guests  at  checkin/checkout  and  relieve  the  reception  desk.  usually,  hotel  kiosks  are  located  in  the  lobby  and  are  integrated  or  interface  with  the  hotels  property  management  system.  the  machines  allow  guests  to  fill  in  and  sign  a  registration  card,  select  a  room,  issue  hotel  key  cards,  check  for  extra  offers  or  upgrades  and
__label__interactivedisplays book  and  pay  for  them.  in  retail,  clients  can  place  online  orders  in  store  for  home  delivery,  avoid  queuing  in  fast  food  restaurants  and  issue  library  books.  generally,  kiosks  are  seen  as  an  enhancement  to  a  retail  or  hospitality  offer  rather  than  a  replacing  staff  members.  see  also  references  external  links  https://www.oemkiosks.com/blog/relationmillenialsselfservicekiosks/.w92lv1nuk0mhttps://www.oemkiosks.com/blog/touchscreentechnologyoffersinteractivityusers/.waptmj7sukthis  article  is  based  on  material  taken  from  the  free  online  dictionary  of  computing  prior  to  1  november  2008  and  incorporated  under  the  relicensing  terms  of  the  gfdl,  version  1.3  or  later.
__label__interactivedisplays the  point  of  sale  pos  or  point  of  purchase  pop  is  the  time  and  place  where  a  retail  transaction  is  completed.  at  the  point  of  sale,  the  merchant  calculates  the  amount  owed  by  the  customer,  indicates  that  amount,  may  prepare  an  invoice  for  the  customer  which  may  be  a  cash  register  printout,  and  indicates  the  options  for  the  customer  to  make  payment.  it  is  also  the  point  at  which  a  customer  makes  a  payment  to  the  merchant  in  exchange  for  goods  or  after  provision  of  a  service.  after  receiving  payment,  the  merchant  may  issue  a  receipt  for  the  transaction,  which
__label__interactivedisplays is  usually  printed  but  can  also  be  dispensed  with  or  sent  electronically.to  calculate  the  amount  owed  by  a  customer,  the  merchant  may  use  various  devices  such  as  weighing  scales,  barcode  scanners,  and  cash  registers.  to  make  a  payment,  payment  terminals,  touch  screens,  and  other  hardware  and  software  options  are  available.the  point  of  sale  is  often  referred  to  as  the  point  of  service  because  it  is  not  just  a  point  of  sale  but  also  a  point  of  return  or  customer  order.  pos  terminal  software  may  also  include  features  for  additional  functionality,  such  as  inventory  management,  crm,  financials,  or  warehousing.businesses  are  increasingly
__label__interactivedisplays adopting  pos  systems,  and  one  of  the  most  obvious  and  compelling  reasons  is  that  a  pos  system  does  away  with  the  need  for  price  tags.  selling  prices  are  linked  to  the  product  code  of  an  item  when  adding  stock,  so  the  cashier  merely  needs  to  scan  this  code  to  process  a  sale.  if  there  is  a  price  change,  this  can  also  be  easily  done  through  the  inventory  window.  other  advantages  include  the  ability  to  implement  various  types  of  discounts,  a  loyalty  scheme  for  customers,  and  more  efficient  stock  control,  and  these  features  are  typical  of  almost  all  modern  epos  systems.
__label__interactivedisplays terminology  retailers  and  marketers  will  often  refer  to  the  area  around  the  checkout  instead  as  the  point  of  purchase  pop  when  they  are  discussing  it  from  the  retailers  perspective.  this  is  particularly  the  case  when  planning  and  designing  the  area  as  well  as  when  considering  a  marketing  strategy  and  offers.some  point  of  sale  vendors  refer  to  their  pos  system  as  retail  management  system  which  is  actually  a  more  appropriate  term  given  that  this  software  is  no  longer  just  about  processing  sales  but  comes  with  many  other  capabilities  such  as  inventory  management,  membership  system,  supplier  record,  bookkeeping,  issuing  of  purchase  orders,
__label__interactivedisplays quotations  and  stock  transfers,  hide  barcode  label  creation,  sale  reporting  and  in  some  cases  remote  outlets  networking  or  linkage,  to  name  some  major  ones.nevertheless,  it  is  the  term  pos  system  rather  than  retail  management  system  that  is  in  vogue  among  both  endusers  and  vendors.the  basic,  fundamental  definition  of  a  pos  system,  is  a  system  which  allows  the  processing  and  recording  of  transactions  between  a  company  and  their  consumers,  at  the  time  in  which  goods  and/or  services  are  purchased.  history  software  before  the  1990s  early  electronic  cash  registers  ecr  were  controlled  with  proprietary  software  and  were  limited  in  function  and  communication
__label__interactivedisplays capability.  in  august  1973,  ibm  released  the  ibm  3650  and  3660  store  systems  that  were,  in  essence,  a  mainframe  computer  used  as  a  store  controller  that  could  control  up  to  128  ibm  3653/3663  point  of  sale  registers.  this  system  was  the  first  commercial  use  of  clientserver  technology,  peertopeer  communications,  local  area  network  lan  simultaneous  backup,  and  remote  initialization.  by  mid1974,  it  was  installed  in  pathmark  stores  in  new  jersey  and  dillards  department  stores.one  of  the  first  microprocessorcontrolled  cash  register  systems  was  built  by  william  brobeck  and  associates  in  1974,  for  mcdonalds  restaurants.  it  used  the  intel  8008,  a  very  early
__label__interactivedisplays microprocessor  and  forerunner  to  the  intel  8088  processor  used  in  the  original  ibm  personal  computer.  each  station  in  the  restaurant  had  its  own  device  which  displayed  the  entire  order  for  a  customer  for  example,  2  vanilla  shake,  1  large  fries,  3  bigmac  using  numeric  keys  and  a  button  for  every  menu  item.  by  pressing  the  grill  button,  a  second  or  third  order  could  be  worked  on  while  the  first  transaction  was  in  progress.  when  the  customer  was  ready  to  pay,  the  total  button  would  calculate  the  bill,  including  sales  tax  for  almost  any  jurisdiction  in  the  united  states.  this  made
__label__interactivedisplays it  accurate  for  mcdonalds  and  very  convenient  for  the  servers  and  provided  the  restaurant  owner  with  a  check  on  the  amount  that  should  be  in  the  cash  drawers.  up  to  eight  devices  were  connected  to  one  of  two  interconnected  computers  so  that  printed  reports,  prices,  and  taxes  could  be  handled  from  any  desired  device  by  putting  it  into  manager  mode.  in  addition  to  the  errorcorrecting  memory,  accuracy  was  enhanced  by  having  three  copies  of  all  important  data  with  many  numbers  stored  only  as  multiples  of  3.  should  one  computer  fail,  the  other  could  handle  the  entire  store.in  1986,  gene  mosher
__label__interactivedisplays introduced  the  first  graphical  point  of  sale  software  featuring  a  touchscreen  interface  under  the  viewtouch  trademark  on  the  16bit  atari  520st  color  computer.  it  featured  a  color  touchscreen  widgetdriven  interface  that  allowed  configuration  of  widgets  representing  menu  items  without  low  level  programming.  the  viewtouch  point  of  sale  software  was  first  demonstrated  in  public  at  fall  comdex,  1986,  in  las  vegas  nevada  to  large  crowds  visiting  the  atari  computer  booth.  this  was  the  first  commercially  available  pos  system  with  a  widgetdriven  color  graphic  touch  screen  interface  and  was  installed  in  several  restaurants  in  the  us  and  canada.in  1986,  ibm  introduced  its
__label__interactivedisplays 468x  series  of  pos  equipment  based  on  digital  researchs  concurrent  dos  286  and  flexos  1.xx,  a  modular  realtime  multitasking  multiuser  operating  system.  modern  software  post1990s  a  wide  range  of  pos  applications  have  been  developed  on  platforms  such  as  windows  and  unix.  the  availability  of  local  processing  power,  local  data  storage,  networking,  and  graphical  user  interface  made  it  possible  to  develop  flexible  and  highly  functional  pos  systems.  cost  of  such  systems  has  also  declined,  as  all  the  components  can  now  be  purchased  offtheshelf.in  1993,  ibm  adopted  flexos  2.32  as  the  basis  of  their  ibm  4690  os  in  their  469x  series  of
__label__interactivedisplays pos  terminals.  this  was  developed  up  to  2014  when  it  was  sold  to  toshiba,  who  continued  to  support  it  up  to  at  least  2017.as  far  as  computers  are  concerned,  offtheshelf  versions  are  usually  newer  and  hence  more  powerful  than  proprietary  pos  terminals.  custom  modifications  are  added  as  needed.  other  products,  like  touchscreen  tablets  and  laptops,  are  readily  available  in  the  market,  and  they  are  more  portable  than  traditional  pos  terminals.  the  only  advantage  of  the  latter  is  that  they  are  typically  built  to  withstand  rough  handling  and  spillages;  a  benefit  for  food  beverage  businesses.the  key  requirements  that  must  be  met
__label__interactivedisplays by  modern  pos  systems  include  high  and  consistent  operating  speed,  reliability,  ease  of  use,  remote  supportability,  low  cost,  and  rich  functionality.  retailers  can  reasonably  expect  to  acquire  such  systems  including  hardware  for  about  4000  us  as  of  2009  per  checkout  lane.reliability  depends  not  wholly  on  the  developer  but  at  times  on  the  compatibility  between  a  database  and  an  os  version.  for  example,  the  widely  used  microsoft  access  database  system  had  a  compatibility  issue  when  windows  xp  machines  were  updated  to  a  newer  version  of  windows.  microsoft  offered  no  immediate  solution.  some  businesses  were  severely  disrupted  in  the  process,  and  many
__label__interactivedisplays downgraded  back  to  windows  xp  for  a  quick  resolution.  other  companies  utilized  community  support,  for  a  registry  tweak  solution  has  been  found  for  this.pos  systems  are  one  of  the  most  complex  software  systems  available  because  of  the  features  that  are  required  by  different  endusers.  many  pos  systems  are  software  suites  that  include  sale,  inventory,  stock  counting,  vendor  ordering,  customer  loyalty  and  reporting  modules.  sometimes  purchase  ordering,  stock  transferring,  quotation  issuing,  barcode  creating,  bookkeeping  or  even  accounting  capabilities  are  included.  furthermore,  each  of  these  modules  is  interlinked  if  they  are  to  serve  their  practical  purpose  and  maximize  their  usability.for  instance,  the
__label__interactivedisplays sale  window  is  immediately  updated  on  a  new  member  entry  through  the  membership  window  because  of  this  interlinking.  similarly,  when  a  sale  transaction  is  made,  any  purchase  by  a  member  is  on  record  for  the  membership  window  to  report  providing  information  like  payment  type,  goods  purchased,  date  of  purchase  and  points  accumulated.  comprehensive  analysis  performed  by  a  pos  machine  may  need  to  process  several  qualities  about  a  single  product,  like  selling  price,  balance,  average  cost,  quantity  sold,  description  and  department.  highly  complex  programming  is  involved  and  possibly  considerable  computer  resources  to  generate  such  extensive  analyses.pos  systems  are  designed  not  only
__label__interactivedisplays to  serve  the  retail,  wholesale  and  hospitality  industries  as  historically  is  the  case.  nowadays  pos  systems  are  also  used  in  goods  and  property  leasing  businesses,  equipment  repair  shops,  healthcare  management,  ticketing  offices  such  as  cinemas  and  sports  facilities  and  many  other  operations  where  capabilities  such  as  the  following  are  required:  processing  monetary  transactions,  allocation  and  scheduling  of  facilities,  keeping  record  and  scheduling  services  rendered  to  customers,  tracking  of  goods  and  processes  repair  or  manufacture,  invoicing  and  tracking  of  debts  and  outstanding  payments.different  customers  have  different  expectations  within  each  trade.  the  reporting  functionality  alone  is  subject  to  so  many  demands,  especially
__label__interactivedisplays from  those  in  the  retail/wholesale  industry.  to  cite  special  requirements,  some  businesss  goods  may  include  perishables  and  hence  the  inventory  system  must  be  capable  of  prompting  the  admin  and  cashier  on  expiring  or  expired  products.  some  retail  businesses  require  the  system  to  store  credit  for  their  customers,  credit  which  can  be  used  subsequently  to  pay  for  goods.  a  few  companies  even  expect  the  pos  system  to  behave  like  a  fullfledged  inventory  management  system,  including  the  ability  to  provide  even  fifo  first  in  first  out  and  lifo  last  in  first  out,  reports  of  their  goods  for  accounting  and  tax  purposes.in  the
__label__interactivedisplays hospitality  industry,  pos  system  capabilities  can  also  diverge  significantly.  for  instance,  while  a  restaurant  is  typically  concerned  about  how  the  sale  window  functions,  whether  it  has  functionality  such  as  for  creating  item  buttons,  for  various  discounts,  for  adding  a  service  charge,  for  holding  of  receipts,  for  queuing,  for  table  service  as  well  as  for  takeaways,  merging  and  splitting  of  a  receipt,  these  capabilities  may  yet  be  insufficient  for  a  spa  or  slimming  center  which  would  require  in  addition  a  scheduling  window  with  historical  records  of  customers  attendance  and  their  special  requirements.a  pos  system  can  be  made  to  serve  different  purposes
__label__interactivedisplays to  different  endusers  depending  on  their  business  processes.  quite  often  an  offtheshelf  pos  system  is  inadequate  for  customers;  some  customization  is  required,  and  this  is  why  a  pos  system  can  become  very  complex.  the  complexity  of  a  mature  pos  system  even  extends  to  remote  networking  or  interlinking  between  remote  outlets  and  the  hq  such  that  updating  both  ways  is  possible.  some  pos  systems  offer  the  linking  of  webbased  orders  to  their  sale  window.  even  when  local  networking  is  only  required  as  in  the  case  of  a  hightraffic  supermarket,  there  is  the  everpresent  challenge  for  the  developer  to  keep  most  if
__label__interactivedisplays not  all  of  their  pos  stations  running.  this  puts  high  demand  not  just  on  software  coding  but  also  designing  the  whole  system  covering  how  individual  stations  and  the  network  work  together,  and  special  consideration  for  the  performance  capability  and  usage  of  databases.  due  to  such  complexity,  bugs  and  errors  encountered  in  pos  systems  are  frequent.with  regards  to  databases,  pos  systems  are  very  demanding  on  their  performance  because  of  numerous  submissions  and  retrievals  of  data  required  for  correct  sequencing  the  receipt  number,  checking  up  on  various  discounts,  membership,  calculating  subtotal,  so  forth  just  to  process  a  single  sale  transaction.  the  immediacy
__label__interactivedisplays required  of  the  system  on  the  sale  window  such  as  may  be  observed  at  a  checkout  counter  in  a  supermarket  also  cannot  be  compromised.  this  places  much  stress  on  individual  enterprise  databases  if  there  are  just  several  tens  of  thousands  of  sale  records  in  the  database.  enterprise  database  ms  sql,  for  example,  has  been  known  to  freeze  up  including  the  os  entirely  for  many  minutes  under  such  conditions  showing  a  timeout  expired  error  message.  even  a  lighter  database  like  microsoft  access  will  slow  to  a  crawl  over  time  if  the  problem  of  database  bloating  is  not  foreseen  and  managed  by
__label__interactivedisplays the  system  automatically.  therefore,  the  need  to  do  extensive  testing,  debugging  and  improvisation  of  solutions  to  preempt  failure  of  a  database  before  commercialization  further  complicates  the  development.pos  system  accuracy  is  demanding,  given  that  monetary  transactions  are  involved  continuously  not  only  via  the  sale  window  but  also  at  the  backend  through  the  receiving  and  inputting  of  goods  into  the  inventory.  calculations  required  are  not  always  straightforward.  there  may  be  many  discounts  and  deals  that  are  unique  to  specific  products,  and  the  pos  machine  must  quickly  process  the  differences  and  the  effect  on  pricing.  there  is  much  complexity  in  the  programming  of
__label__interactivedisplays such  operations,  especially  when  no  error  in  calculation  can  be  allowed.other  requirements  include  that  the  system  must  have  functionality  for  membership  discount  and  points  accumulation/usage,  quantity  and  promotional  discounts,  mix  and  match  offers,  cash  rounding  up,  invoice/deliveryorder  issuance  with  outstanding  amount.  it  should  enable  a  user  to  adjust  the  inventory  of  each  product  based  on  physical  count,  track  expiry  of  perishable  goods,  change  pricing,  provide  audit  trail  when  modification  of  inventory  records  is  performed,  be  capable  of  multiple  outlet  functionality,  control  of  stocks  from  hq,  doubling  as  an  invoicing  system,  just  to  name  some.it  is  clear  that  pos  system  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  term  that  implies  a  wide  range  of  capabilities  depending  on  the  enduser  requirements.  pos  system  review  websites  cannot  be  expected  to  cover  most  let  alone  all  the  features;  in  fact,  unless  one  is  a  developer  himself,  it  is  unrealistic  to  expect  the  reviewer  to  know  all  the  nuts  and  bolts  of  a  pos  system.  for  instance,  a  pos  system  might  work  smoothly  on  a  test  database  during  the  review  but  not  when  the  database  grows  significantly  in  size  over  months  of  usage.  and  this  is  only  one  among  many  hidden  critical  functionality  issues  of  a  pos  system.  hardware  interface
__label__interactivedisplays standardization  post1980s  vendors  and  retailers  are  working  to  standardize  development  of  computerized  pos  systems  and  simplify  interconnecting  pos  devices.  two  such  initiatives  were  opos  and  javapos,  both  of  which  conform  to  the  unifiedpos  standard  led  by  the  national  retail  foundation.opos  ole  for  pos  was  the  first  commonly  adopted  standard  and  was  created  by  microsoft,  ncr  corporation,  epson  and  fujitsuicl.  opos  is  a  combased  interface  compatible  with  all  comenabled  programming  languages  for  microsoft  windows.  opos  was  first  released  in  1996.  javapos  was  developed  by  sun  microsystems,  ibm,  and  ncr  corporation  in  1997  and  first  released  in  1999.  javapos  is  for  java
__label__interactivedisplays what  opos  is  for  windows,  and  thus  largely  platform  independent.there  are  several  communication  ways  pos  systems  use  to  control  peripherals  such  as:logic  controls  bematechepson  esc/posutc  standardutc  enhancedaedexicd  2002ultimatecd  5220dsp800adm  787/788hpthere  are  also  nearly  as  many  proprietary  protocols  as  there  are  companies  making  pos  peripherals.  most  pos  peripherals,  such  as  displays  and  printers,  support  several  of  these  command  protocols  in  order  to  work  with  many  different  brands  of  pos  terminals  and  computers.  user  interface  design  the  design  of  the  sale  window  is  the  most  important  one  for  the  user.  this  user  interface  is  highly  critical  when  compared  to  those  in  other
__label__interactivedisplays software  packages  such  as  word  editors  or  spreadsheet  programs  where  the  speed  of  navigation  is  not  so  crucial  for  business  performance.for  businesses  at  prime  locations  where  real  estate  comes  at  a  premium,  it  can  be  common  to  see  a  queue  of  customers.  the  faster  a  sale  is  completed  the  shorter  the  queue  time  which  improves  customer  satisfaction,  and  the  less  space  it  takes,  which  benefits  shoppers  and  staff.  hightraffic  operations  such  as  grocery  outlets  and  cafes  need  to  process  sales  quickly  at  the  sales  counter  so  the  ui  flow  is  often  designed  with  as  few  popups  or  other  interruptions  to
__label__interactivedisplays ensure  the  operator  isnt  distracted  and  the  transaction  can  be  processed  as  quickly  as  possible.although  improving  the  ergonomics  is  possible,  a  clean,  fastpaced  look  may  come  at  the  expense  of  sacrificing  functions  that  are  often  wanted  by  endusers  such  as  discounts,  access  to  commission  earned  screens,  membership  and  loyalty  schemes  can  involve  looking  at  a  different  function  of  the  pos  to  ensure  the  point  of  sale  screen  contains  only  what  a  cashier  needs  at  their  disposal  to  serve  customers.  cloudbased  post2000s  the  advent  of  cloud  computing  has  given  birth  to  the  possibility  of  pos  systems  to  be  deployed  as  software
__label__interactivedisplays as  a  service,  which  can  be  accessed  directly  from  the  internet  using  any  internet  browser.  using  the  previous  advances  in  the  communication  protocols  for  poss  control  of  hardware,  cloudbased  pos  systems  are  independent  from  platform  and  operating  system  limitations.  cloudbased  pos  systems  are  also  created  to  be  compatible  with  a  wide  range  of  pos  hardware  and  sometimes  tablets  such  as  apples  ipad.  thus  cloudbased  pos  also  helped  expand  pos  systems  to  mobile  devices,  such  as  tablet  computers  or  smartphones.  these  devices  can  also  act  as  barcode  readers  using  a  builtin  camera  and  as  payment  terminals  using  builtin  nfc  technology  or
__label__interactivedisplays an  external  payment  card  reader.  a  number  of  pos  companies  built  their  software  specifically  to  be  cloudbased.  other  businesses  who  launched  pre2000s  have  since  adapted  their  software  to  evolving  technology.cloudbased  pos  systems  are  different  from  traditional  pos  largely  because  user  data,  including  sales  and  inventory,  are  not  stored  locally,  but  in  a  remote  server.  the  pos  system  is  also  not  run  locally,  so  there  is  no  installation  required.depending  on  the  pos  vendor  and  the  terms  of  contract,  compared  to  traditional  onpremises  pos  installation,  the  software  is  more  likely  to  be  continually  updated  by  the  developer  with  more  useful  features  and
__label__interactivedisplays better  performance  in  terms  of  computer  resources  at  the  remote  server  and  in  terms  of  lesser  bugs  and  errors.other  advantages  of  a  cloudbased  pos  are  instant  centralization  of  data  important  especially  to  chain  stores,  ability  to  access  data  from  anywhere  there  is  internet  connection,  and  lower  startup  costs.cloud  based  pos  requires  an  internet  connection.  for  this  reason  it  important  to  use  a  device  with  3g  connectivity  in  case  the  devices  primary  internet  goes  down.  in  addition  to  being  significantly  less  expensive  than  traditional  legacy  point  of  sale  systems,  the  real  strength  of  a  cloud  based  point  of  sale  system  is
__label__interactivedisplays that  there  are  developers  all  over  the  world  creating  software  applications  for  cloud  based  pos.  cloud  based  pos  systems  are  often  described  as  future  proof  as  new  applications  are  constantly  being  conceived  and  built.a  number  of  noted  emerging  cloudbased  pos  systems  came  on  the  scene  less  than  a  decade  or  even  half  a  decade  back.  these  systems  are  usually  designed  for  restaurants,  small  and  mediumsized  retail  operations  with  fairly  simple  sale  processes  as  can  be  culled  from  pos  system  review  sites.  it  appears  from  such  software  reviews  that  enterpriselevel  cloudbased  pos  systems  are  currently  lacking  in  the  market.  enterpriselevel  here
__label__interactivedisplays means  that  the  inventory  should  be  capable  of  handling  a  large  number  of  records,  such  as  required  by  grocery  stores  and  supermarkets.  it  can  also  mean  that  the  systemsoftware  and  cloud  servermust  be  capable  of  generating  reports  such  as  analytics  of  sale  against  inventory  for  both  a  single  and  multiple  outlets  that  are  interlinked  for  administration  by  the  headquarters  of  the  business  operation.pos  vendors  of  such  cloud  based  systems  should  also  have  a  strong  contingency  plan  for  the  breakdown  of  their  remote  server  such  as  represented  by  failover  server  support.  however,  sometimes  even  a  major  data  center  can  fail  completely,
__label__interactivedisplays such  as  in  a  fire.  onpremises  installations  are  therefore  sometimes  seen  alongside  cloudbased  implementation  to  preempt  such  incidents,  especially  for  businesses  with  very  high  traffic.  however  the  onpremises  installations  may  not  have  the  most  uptodate  inventory  and  membership  information.for  such  contingency,  a  more  innovative  though  highly  complex  approach  for  the  developer  is  to  have  a  trimmed  down  version  of  the  pos  system  installed  on  the  cashier  computer  at  the  outlet.  on  a  daily  basis  the  latest  inventory  and  membership  information  from  the  remote  server  is  automatically  updated  into  the  local  database.  thus  should  the  remote  server  fail,  the  cashier  can
__label__interactivedisplays switch  over  to  the  local  sale  window  without  disrupting  sales.  when  the  remote  server  is  restored  and  the  cashier  switches  over  to  the  cloud  system,  the  locally  processed  sale  records  are  then  automatically  submitted  to  the  remote  system,  thus  maintaining  the  integrity  of  the  remote  database.although  cloudbased  pos  systems  save  the  enduser  startup  cost  and  technical  challenges  in  maintaining  an  otherwise  onpremises  installation,  there  is  a  risk  that  should  the  cloudbased  vendor  close  down  it  may  result  in  more  immediate  termination  of  services  for  the  enduser  compared  to  the  case  of  a  traditional  full  onpremises  pos  system  where  it  can
__label__interactivedisplays still  run  without  the  vendor.another  consideration  is  that  a  cloudbased  pos  system  actually  exposes  business  data  to  service  providers  the  hosting  service  company  and  the  pos  vendor  which  have  access  to  both  the  application  and  database.  the  importance  of  securing  critical  business  information  such  as  supplier  names,  top  selling  items,  customer  relationship  processes  cannot  be  underestimated  given  that  sometimes  the  few  key  success  factors  or  trade  secrets  of  a  business  are  actually  accessible  through  the  pos  system.  this  security  and  privacy  concern  is  an  ongoing  issue  in  cloud  computing.  retail  industry  the  retail  industry  is  one  of  the  predominant  users
__label__interactivedisplays of  pos  terminals.  a  retail  point  of  sale  system  typically  includes  a  cash  register  which  in  recent  times  comprises  a  computer,  monitor,  cash  drawer,  receipt  printer,  customer  display  and  a  barcode  scanner  and  the  majority  of  retail  pos  systems  also  include  a  debit/credit  card  reader.  it  can  also  include  a  conveyor  belt,  weight  scale,  integrated  credit  card  processing  system,  a  signature  capture  device  and  a  customer  pin  pad  device.  while  the  system  may  include  a  keyboard  and  mouse,  more  and  more  pos  monitors  use  touchscreen  technology  for  ease  of  use,  and  a  computer  is  built  into  the  monitor  chassis  for
__label__interactivedisplays what  is  referred  to  as  an  allinone  unit.  allinone  pos  units  liberate  counter  space  for  the  retailer.  the  pos  system  software  can  typically  handle  a  myriad  of  customer  based  functions  such  as  sales,  returns,  exchanges,  layaways,  gift  cards,  gift  registries,  customer  loyalty  programs,  promotions,  discounts  and  much  more.  pos  software  can  also  allow  for  functions  such  as  preplanned  promotional  sales,  manufacturer  coupon  validation,  foreign  currency  handling  and  multiple  payment  types.the  pos  unit  handles  the  sales  to  the  consumer  but  it  is  only  one  part  of  the  entire  pos  system  used  in  a  retail  business.  backoffice  computers  typically  handle  other  functions
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  pos  system  such  as  inventory  control,  purchasing,  receiving  and  transferring  of  products  to  and  from  other  locations.  other  typical  functions  of  a  pos  system  are:  store  sales  information  for  enabling  customer  returns,  reporting  purposes,  sales  trends  and  cost/price/profit  analysis.  customer  information  may  be  stored  for  receivables  management,  marketing  purposes  and  specific  buying  analysis.  many  retail  pos  systems  include  an  accounting  interface  that  feeds  sales  and  cost  of  goods  information  to  independent  accounting  applications.a  multiple  point  of  sale  system  used  by  big  retailers  like  supermarkets  and  department  stores  has  a  far  more  demanding  database  and  software  architecture  than  that
__label__interactivedisplays of  a  single  station  seen  in  small  retail  outlets.  a  supermarket  with  high  traffic  cannot  afford  a  systemic  failure,  hence  each  point  of  sale  station  should  not  only  be  very  robust  both  in  terms  of  software,  database  and  hardware  specifications  but  also  designed  in  such  a  way  as  to  prevent  causing  a  systemic  failure  such  as  may  happen  through  the  use  of  a  single  central  database  for  operations.at  the  same  time  updating  between  multiple  stations  and  the  back  end  administrative  computer  should  be  capable  of  being  efficiently  performed,  so  that  on  one  hand  either  at  the  start  of  the  day
__label__interactivedisplays or  at  any  time  each  station  will  have  the  latest  inventory  to  process  all  items  for  sale,  while  on  the  other  hand  at  the  end  of  the  day  the  back  end  administrative  computer  can  be  updated  in  terms  of  all  sale  records.this  gets  even  more  complicated  when  there  is  a  membership  system  requiring  realtime  twoway  updating  of  membership  points  between  sale  stations  and  the  back  end  administrative  computer.retail  operations  such  as  hardware  stores  lumber  yards,  electronic  stores  and  socalled  multifaceted  superstores  need  specialized  additional  features  compared  to  other  stores.  pos  software  in  these  cases  handles  special  orders,  purchase  orders,  repair
__label__interactivedisplays orders,  service  and  rental  programs  as  well  as  typical  point  of  sale  functions.  rugged  hardware  is  required  for  point  of  sale  systems  used  in  outdoor  environments.  wireless  devices,  battery  powered  devices,  allinone  units,  and  internetready  machines  are  typical  in  this  industry.recently  new  applications  have  been  introduced,  enabling  pos  transactions  to  be  conducted  using  mobile  phones  and  tablets.  according  to  a  recent  study,  mobile  pos  mpos  terminals  are  expected  to  replace  the  contemporary  payment  techniques  because  of  various  features  including  mobility,  upfront  low  cost  investment  and  better  user  experience.in  the  mid2000s,  the  blind  community  in  the  united  states  engaged  in  structured
__label__interactivedisplays negotiations  to  ensure  that  retail  point  of  sale  devices  had  tactile  keypads.  without  keys  that  can  be  felt,  a  blind  person  cannot  independently  enter  her  or  his  pin.  in  the  mid2000s  retailers  began  using  flat  screen  or  signature  capture  devices  that  eliminated  tactile  keypads.  blind  people  were  forced  to  share  their  confidential  pin  with  store  clerks  in  order  to  use  their  debit  and  other  pinbased  cards.  the  blind  community  reached  agreement  with  walmart,  target,  cvs  and  eight  other  retailers  that  required  real  keys  so  blind  people  could  use  the  devices.  physical  configuration  early  stores  typically  kept  merchandise  behind  a  counter.
__label__interactivedisplays staff  would  fetch  items  for  customers  to  prevent  the  opportunity  for  theft  and  sales  would  be  made  at  the  same  counter.  selfservice  grocery  stores  such  as  piggly  wiggly,  beginning  in  1916,  allowed  customers  to  fetch  their  own  items  and  pass  the  point  of  sale  on  the  way  to  the  exit.many  stores  have  a  number  of  checkout  stations.  some  stations  may  have  an  automated  cashier  selfcheckout.  express  lanes  might  limit  the  type  of  payment,  or  number  or  type  of  goods,  to  expedite  service.  if  each  checkout  station  has  a  separate  queue,  customers  have  to  guess  which  line  will  move  the  fastest,
__label__interactivedisplays to  minimize  their  wait  times;  they  are  often  frustrated  to  be  wrong  or  be  stuck  behind  another  customer  who  encounters  a  problem  or  who  takes  a  long  time  to  check  out.  some  stores  use  a  single,  much  longer  but  fastermoving  line,  that  is  served  by  multiple  registers,  which  produces  the  same  average  wait  time,  but  reduces  the  frustration  and  variance  in  wait  time  from  person  to  person.  regardless  of  the  configuration,  checkout  lines  usually  pass  by  impulse  buy  items  to  grab  the  attention  of  otherwise  idle  customers.  hospitality  industry  hospitality  point  of  sale  systems  are  computerized  systems  incorporating  registers,  computers
__label__interactivedisplays and  peripheral  equipment,  usually  on  a  computer  network  to  be  used  in  restaurants,  hair  salons  or  hotels.  like  other  point  of  sale  systems,  these  systems  keep  track  of  sales,  labor  and  payroll,  and  can  generate  records  used  in  accounting  and  bookkeeping.  they  may  be  accessed  remotely  by  restaurant  corporate  offices,  troubleshooters  and  other  authorized  parties.point  of  sale  systems  have  revolutionized  the  restaurant  industry,  particularly  in  the  fast  food  sector.  in  the  most  recent  technologies,  registers  are  computers,  sometimes  with  touch  screens.  the  registers  connect  to  a  server,  often  referred  to  as  a  store  controller  or  a  central  control  unit.  printers
__label__interactivedisplays and  monitors  are  also  found  on  the  network.  additionally,  remote  servers  can  connect  to  store  networks  and  monitor  sales  and  other  store  data.typical  restaurant  pos  software  is  able  to  create  and  print  guest  checks,  print  orders  to  kitchens  and  bars  for  preparation,  process  credit  cards  and  other  payment  cards,  and  run  reports.  in  addition,  some  systems  implement  wireless  pagers  and  electronic  signaturecapture  devices.in  the  fast  food  industry,  displays  may  be  at  the  front  counter,  or  configured  for  drivethrough  or  walkthrough  cashiering  and  order  taking.  front  counter  registers  allow  taking  and  serving  orders  at  the  same  terminal,  while  drivethrough  registers  allow
__label__interactivedisplays orders  to  be  taken  at  one  or  more  drivethrough  windows,  to  be  cashiered  and  served  at  another.  in  addition  to  registers,  drivethrough  and  kitchen  displays  are  used  to  view  orders.  once  orders  appear  they  may  be  deleted  or  recalled  by  the  touch  interface  or  by  bump  bars.  drivethrough  systems  are  often  enhanced  by  the  use  of  drivethrough  wireless  or  headset  intercoms.  the  efficiency  of  such  systems  has  decreased  service  times  and  increased  efficiency  of  orders.another  innovation  in  technology  for  the  restaurant  industry  is  wireless  pos.  many  restaurants  with  high  volume  use  wireless  handheld  pos  to  collect  orders  which  are  sent
__label__interactivedisplays to  a  server.  the  server  sends  required  information  to  the  kitchen  in  real  time.  wireless  systems  consist  of  drivethrough  microphones  and  speakers  often  one  speaker  will  serve  both  purposes,  which  are  wired  to  a  base  station  or  center  module.  this,  in  turn,  will  broadcast  to  headsets.  headsets  may  be  an  allinone  headset  or  one  connected  to  a  belt  pack.in  hotels,  pos  software  allows  for  transfer  of  meal  charges  from  dining  room  to  guest  room  with  a  button  or  two.  it  may  also  need  to  be  integrated  with  property  management  software.newer,  more  sophisticated  systems  are  getting  away  from  the  central  database
__label__interactivedisplays file  server  type  system  and  going  to  what  is  called  a  cluster  database.  this  eliminates  any  crashing  or  system  downtime  that  can  be  associated  with  the  back  office  file  server.  this  technology  allows  100  of  the  information  to  not  only  be  stored,  but  also  pulled  from  the  local  terminal,  thus  eliminating  the  need  to  rely  on  a  separate  server  for  the  system  to  operate.tablet  pos  systems  popular  for  retail  solutions  are  now  available  for  the  restaurant  industry.  initially  these  systems  were  not  sophisticated  and  many  of  the  early  systems  did  not  support  a  remote  printer  in  the  kitchen.  tablet  systems
__label__interactivedisplays today  are  being  used  in  all  types  of  restaurants  including  table  service  operations.  most  tablet  systems  upload  all  information  to  the  internet  so  managers  and  owners  can  view  reports  from  anywhere  with  a  password  and  internet  connection.  smartphone  internet  access  has  made  alerts  and  reports  from  the  pos  very  accessible.  tablets  have  helped  create  the  mobile  pos  system,  and  mobile  pos  applications  also  include  payments,  loyalty,  online  ordering,  table  side  ordering  by  staff  and  table  top  ordering  by  customers.  regarding  the  payments,  mobile  pos  can  accept  all  kinds  of  payment  methods  from  contactless  cards,  emv  chipenabled  cards,  and  mobile  nfc
__label__interactivedisplays enabled  cards.  mobile  pos  aka  mpos  is  growing  quickly  with  new  developers  entering  the  market  almost  on  a  daily  basis.with  the  proliferation  of  lowpriced  touchscreen  tablet  computers,  more  and  more  restaurants  have  implemented  selfordering  through  tablet  pos  placed  permanently  on  every  table.  customers  can  browse  through  the  menu  on  the  tablet  and  place  their  orders  which  are  then  sent  to  the  kitchen.  most  restaurants  that  have  ipad  selforder  menus  include  photos  of  the  dishes  so  guests  can  easily  choose  what  they  want  to  order.  this  apparently  improves  service  and  saves  manpower  on  the  part  of  the  restaurant.  however  this  depends
__label__interactivedisplays on  how  intelligently  the  system  has  been  programmed  to  be.as  a  case  in  point,  some  selfordering  systems  not  requiring  staff  assistance  may  not  properly  recognize  a  subsequent  order  from  the  same  customer  at  a  table.  as  a  result,  the  customer  is  left  waiting  and  wondering  why  his  second  order  of  food  and  drink  is  not  being  served.another  example  of  how  intelligent  the  system  can  be,  is  whether  an  order  that  has  been  placed  but  not  yet  been  processed  by  the  kitchen  can  be  modified  by  the  customer  through  the  tablet  pos.  for  such  an  unprocessed  order  the  customer  should  be
__label__interactivedisplays given  the  option  to  easily  retrieve  his  order  and  modify  it  on  the  tablet  pos.  but  when  his  order  is  being  processed  this  function  should  then  be  automatically  disabled.selfordering  systems  are  not  always  free  completely  from  intervention  by  the  staff  and  for  some  good  reasons.  for  example,  some  restaurants  require  that  items  selected  by  the  customers  be  attended  to  and  can  only  be  placed  by  the  waiter  who  has  the  password  required  to  do  so.  this  prevents  fake  orders  such  as  may  be  entered  by  playful  kids  and  subsequent  dispute  on  the  items  ordered.  if  alcoholic  drinks  are  ordered,  it
__label__interactivedisplays also  becomes  necessary  for  the  waiter  to  first  verify  the  age  of  the  customer  before  sending  the  order.the  technical  specifications  for  implementing  such  selfordering  system  are  more  demanding  than  a  single  cashiercontrolled  pos  station.  on  the  software  and  hardware  side  each  tablet  on  a  customer  table  has  to  be  networked  to  the  cashier  pos  station  and  the  kitchen  computer  so  that  both  are  continually  updated  on  orders  placed.  the  common  database  that  serves  this  network  must  also  be  capable  of  serving  many  concurrent  users  cashier,  customers,  kitchen  and  perhaps  even  a  drink  bar.it  is  therefore  to  be  noted  by  developers
__label__interactivedisplays that  some  databases  like  popularly  used  microsoft  access  may  have  the  specifications  that  it  is  capable  of  usage  by  multiple  concurrent  users.  however  under  the  stress  of  a  pos  system,  they  can  fail  miserably  resulting  in  constant  errors  and  corruption  of  data.pos  systems  are  often  designed  for  a  variety  of  clients,  and  can  be  programmed  by  the  end  users  to  suit  their  needs.  some  large  clients  write  their  own  specifications  for  vendors  to  implement.  in  some  cases,  pos  systems  are  sold  and  supported  by  thirdparty  distributors,  while  in  other  cases  they  are  sold  and  supported  directly  by  the  vendor.the  selection
__label__interactivedisplays of  a  restaurant  pos  system  is  critical  to  the  restaurants  daily  operation  and  is  a  major  investment  that  the  restaurants  management  and  staff  must  live  with  for  many  years.  the  restaurant  pos  system  interfaces  with  all  phases  of  the  restaurant  operation  and  with  everyone  that  is  involved  with  the  restaurant  including  guests,  suppliers,  employees,  managers  and  owners.  the  selection  of  a  restaurant  pos  system  is  a  complex  process  that  should  be  undertaken  by  the  restaurant  owner  and  not  delegated  to  an  employee.  the  purchase  process  can  be  summarized  into  three  steps:  design,  compare  and  negotiate.  the  design  step  requires  research
__label__interactivedisplays to  determine  which  restaurant  pos  features  are  needed  for  the  restaurant  operation.  with  this  information  the  restaurant  owner  or  manager  can  compare  various  restaurant  pos  solutions  to  determine  which  pos  systems  meet  their  requirements.  the  final  step  is  to  negotiate  the  price,  payment  terms,  included  training,  initial  warranty  and  ongoing  support  costs.  accounting  forensics  pos  systems  record  sales  for  business  and  tax  purposes.  illegal  software  dubbed  zappers  can  be  used  on  pos  devices  to  falsify  these  records  with  a  view  to  evading  the  payment  of  taxes.in  some  countries,  legislation  is  being  introduced  to  make  cash  register  systems  more  secure.  for
__label__interactivedisplays example,  the  french  treasury  is  estimated  to  be  failing  to  collect  approximately  14  billion  of  vat  revenue  each  year.  the  finance  bill  of  2016  is  intended  to  address  some  of  this  loss  by  making  it  compulsory  for  taxpayers  to  operate  on  secure  systems.  therefore,  from  1  january  2018,  all  retail  businesses  in  france  are  required  to  record  customer  payments  using  certified  secure  accounting  software  or  cash  register  systems.a  certified  cash  register  system  must  provide  for  the  i  incommutable,  ii  security  and  iii  storage  and  archiving  of  data.  all  businesses  required  to  comply  must  obtain  a  certificate  from  the  cash  register
__label__interactivedisplays system  provider  which  certifies  that  the  system  meets  these  requirements.  this  is  because  vat  taxpayers  may  need  to  provide  a  certificate  to  the  tax  authorities  showing  that  their  cash  management  system  fulfills  the  new  requirements.if  the  business  cannot  provide  this  certificate  to  the  tax  authorities,  they  may  be  fined.  and,  if  the  tax  authorities  can  demonstrate  fraudulent  use  of  the  system,  both  the  business  and  the  software  provider  can  face  tax  penalties,  fines,  and  criminal  sanctions.  certification  can  be  obtained  either  from:  a  body  accredited  by  the  french  accreditation  committee  comit  franais  daccrditation  or  cofrac  or  the  software  provider  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  cash  register  system.  security  despite  the  more  advanced  technology  of  a  pos  system  as  compared  to  a  simple  cash  register,  the  pos  system  is  still  as  vulnerable  to  employee  theft  through  the  sale  window.  a  dishonest  cashier  at  a  retail  outlet  can  collude  with  a  friend  who  pretends  to  be  just  another  customer.  during  checkout,  the  cashier  can  bypass  scanning  certain  items  or  enter  a  lower  quantity  for  some  items  thus  profiting  thereby  from  the  free  goods.the  ability  of  a  pos  system  to  void  a  closed  sale  receipt  for  refund  purpose  without  needing  a  password  from  an  authorized  superior
__label__interactivedisplays also  represents  a  security  loophole.  even  a  function  to  issue  a  receipt  with  a  negative  amount  which  can  be  useful  under  certain  circumstances,  can  be  exploited  by  a  cashier  to  easily  lift  money  from  the  cash  drawer.in  order  to  prevent  such  employee  theft,  it  is  crucial  for  a  pos  system  to  provide  an  admin  window  for  the  boss  or  administrator  to  generate  and  inspect  a  daily  list  of  sale  receipts,  especially  pertaining  to  the  frequency  of  cancelled  receipts  before  completion,  refunded  receipts  and  negative  receipts.  this  is  one  effective  way  to  alert  the  company  to  any  suspicious  activity  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays a  high  number  of  cancelled  sales  by  a  certain  cashier  that  may  be  going  on  and  to  take  monitoring  action.to  further  deter  employee  theft,  the  sale  counter  should  also  be  equipped  with  a  closedcircuit  television  camera  pointed  at  the  pos  system  to  monitor  and  record  all  the  activities.at  the  back  end,  price  and  other  changes  like  discounts  to  inventory  items  through  the  administration  module  should  also  be  secured  with  passwords  provided  only  to  trusted  administrators.  any  changes  made  should  also  be  logged  and  capable  of  being  subsequently  retrieved  for  inspection.the  sale  records  and  inventory  are  highly  important  to  the  business
__label__interactivedisplays because  they  provide  very  useful  information  to  the  company  in  terms  of  customer  preferences,  customer  membership  particulars,  what  are  the  top  selling  products,  who  are  the  vendors  and  what  margins  the  company  is  getting  from  them,  the  company  monthly  total  revenue  and  cost,  just  to  name  some.it  is  therefore  important  that  reports  on  these  matters  generated  at  the  administrative  back  end  be  restricted  only  to  trusted  personnel.  the  database  from  which  these  reports  are  generated  should  also  be  secured  via  passwords  or  via  encryption  of  data  stored  in  the  database  so  as  to  prevent  them  from  being  copied  or  tampered
__label__interactivedisplays with.despite  all  such  precautions  and  more,  the  pos  system  can  never  be  entirely  watertight  in  security  from  internal  misuse  if  a  clever  but  dishonest  employee  knows  how  to  exploit  many  of  its  otherwise  useful  capabilities.news  reports  on  pos  system  hacking  show  that  hackers  are  more  interested  in  stealing  credit  card  information  than  anything  else.  the  ease  and  advantage  offered  by  the  ability  of  a  pos  system  to  integrate  credit  card  processing  thus  have  a  downside.  in  2011,  hackers  were  able  to  steal  credit  card  data  from  80,000  customers  because  subways  security  and  pos  configuration  standards  for  pci  compliance  which  governs
__label__interactivedisplays credit  card  and  debit  card  payment  systems  security  were  directly  and  blatantly  disregarded  by  subway  franchisees.in  june  2016,  several  hundred  of  wendys  fast  food  restaurants  had  their  pos  systems  hacked  by  an  illegally  installed  malware.  the  report  goes  on  to  say  that  the  number  of  franchise  restaurants  impacted  by  these  cyber  security  attacks  is  now  expected  to  be  considerably  higher  than  the  300  restaurants  already  implicated  and  that  the  hackers  made  hundreds  of  thousands  of  fraudulent  purchases  on  credit  and  debit  cards  issued  by  various  financial  institutions  after  breaching  wendys  computer  systems  late  last  year.again,  these  exploits  by  hackers  could
__label__interactivedisplays only  be  made  possible  because  payment  cards  were  processed  through  the  pos  system  allowing  the  malware  to  either  intercept  card  data  during  processing  or  steal  and  transmit  unencrypted  card  data  that  is  stored  in  the  system  database.in  april  2017,  security  researchers  identified  critical  vulnerabilities  in  point  of  sale  systems  developed  by  sap  and  oracle  and  commented,  pos  systems  are  plagued  by  vulnerabilities,  and  incidents  occurred  because  their  security  drawbacks  came  under  the  spotlight.  if  successfully  exploited,  these  vulnerabilities  provide  a  perpetrator  with  access  to  every  legitimate  function  of  the  system,  such  as  changing  prices,  and  remotely  starting  and  stopping  terminals.
__label__interactivedisplays to  illustrate  the  attack  vector,  the  researchers  used  the  example  of  hacking  pos  to  change  the  price  of  a  macbook  to  1.  the  security  issues  were  reported  to  the  vendor,  and  a  patch  was  released  soon  after  the  notification.  oracle  confirmed  security  bug  affects  over  300,000  oracle  pos  systemsin  some  countries,  credit  and  debit  cards  are  only  processed  via  payment  terminals.  thus  one  may  see  quite  a  number  of  such  terminals  for  different  cards  cluttering  up  a  sale  counter.  this  inconvenience  is  however  offset  by  the  fact  that  credit  and  debit  card  data  is  far  less  vulnerable  to  hackers,  unlike
__label__interactivedisplays when  payment  cards  are  processed  through  the  pos  system  where  security  is  contingent  upon  the  actions  taken  by  endusers  and  developers.with  the  launch  of  mobile  payment  particularly  android  pay  and  apple  pay  both  in  2015,  it  is  expected  that  because  of  its  greater  convenience  coupled  with  good  security  features,  this  would  eventually  eclipse  other  types  of  payment  services  including  the  use  of  payment  terminals.  however,  for  mobile  payment  to  go  fully  mainstream,  mobile  devices  like  smartphones  that  are  nfcenabled  must  first  become  universal.  this  would  be  a  matter  of  several  years  from  the  time  of  this  writing  2017  as  more
__label__interactivedisplays and  more  models  of  new  smartphones  are  expected  to  become  nfcenabled  for  such  a  purpose.  for  instance,  iphone  6  is  fully  nfcenabled  for  mobile  payment  while  iphone  5  and  older  models  are  not.  the  aforesaid  disastrous  security  risks  connected  with  processing  payment  card  usage  through  a  pos  system  would  then  be  greatly  diminished.  see  also  eftposiso  8583javapospoint  of  sale  companies  categorypoint  of  sale  displaypoint  of  sale  malwarepayment  terminalposxmlself  checkoutstandard  interchange  languageunifiedposbackoffice  softwarewindows  embedded  industry  formerly  windows  embedded  posready,  an  operating  system  largely  used  on  pos  machines  references  external  links  point  of  sale  at  curlie
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  is  a  subsegment  of  electronic  signage.  digital  displays  use  technologies  such  as  lcd,  led,  projection  and  epaper  to  display  digital  images,  video,  web  pages,  weather  data,  restaurant  menus,  or  text.  they  can  be  found  in  public  spaces,  transportation  systems,  museums,  stadiums,  retail  stores,  hotels,  restaurants  and  corporate  buildings  etc.,  to  provide  wayfinding,  exhibitions,  marketing  and  outdoor  advertising.  they  are  used  as  a  network  of  electronic  displays  that  are  centrally  managed  and  individually  addressable  for  the  display  of  text,  animated  or  video  messages  for  advertising,  information,  entertainment  and  merchandising  to  targeted  audiences.  roles  and  function  the  many  different  uses
__label__interactivedisplays of  digital  signage  allow  a  business  to  accomplish  a  variety  of  goals.  some  of  the  most  common  applications  include:public  information  news,  weather,  traffic  and  local  location  specific  information,  such  as  building  directory  with  a  map,  fire  exits  and  traveler  information.internal  information  corporate  messages,  such  as  health  safety  items,  news  and  so  forth.product  information  pricing,  photos,  raw  materials  or  ingredients,  suggested  applications  and  other  product  information  especially  useful  in  food  marketing  where  signage  may  include  nutritional  facts  or  suggested  uses  or  recipes.information  to  enhance  the  customer  service  experience  interpretive  signage  in  museums,  galleries,  zoos,  parks  and  gardens,  exhibitions,  tourist  and  cultural
__label__interactivedisplays attractions.advertising  and  promotion  promoting  products  or  services,  may  be  related  to  the  location  of  the  sign  or  using  the  screens  audience  reach  for  general  advertising.brand  building  instore  digital  sign  to  promote  the  brand  and  build  a  brand  identity.influencing  customer  behavior  navigation,  directing  customers  to  different  areas,  increasing  the  dwell  time  on  the  store  premises  and  a  wide  range  of  other  uses  in  service  of  such  influence.influencing  product  or  brand  decisionmaking  signage  at  the  point  of  sale  designed  to  influence  choice  e.g.  signage  to  help  shoppers  to  choose  dresses  inside  a  fashion  store  or  devices  that  on  a  computerized  shopping  trolley
__label__interactivedisplays helping  the  customer  locate  products,  check  prices,  access  product  information  and  manage  shopping  lists.enhancing  customer  experience  applications  include  the  reduction  of  perceived  wait  time  in  the  waiting  areas  of  restaurants  and  other  retail  operations,  bank  queues,  and  similar  circumstances,  as  well  as  demonstrations,  such  as  those  of  recipes  in  food  stores,  among  other  examples.navigation  with  interactive  screens  in  the  floor,  for  example,  as  with  informational  footsteps  found  in  some  tourist  attractions,  museums  and  the  like  or  with  other  means  of  dynamic  wayfinding.reservations  small,  interactive  screens  on  walls  or  desks  that  allow  employees  to  reserve  the  space  for  a  limited  time
__label__interactivedisplays and  integrate  with  a  room  and  resource  scheduling  platform.  industry  overview  over  200  different  companies  worldwide  market  digital  signage  solutions  and  the  number  is  still  consistently  growing.  with  the  influx  of  digital  signage  providers,  the  digital  signage  market  is  expected  to  grow  upward  to  us21.92  billion  by  2020,  with  a  cagr  of  8.04  from  2015  to  2020.  the  reason  for  the  rise  is  due  to  the  growing  demand  by  companies  for  the  development  of  digital  signage  solutions,  advertisement  displays  and  paper  wastage  reduction.  presently,  north  america  dominates  the  digital  signage  market  and  will  be  expected  to  continue  dominating  the  market
__label__interactivedisplays until  2020,  with  the  us  occupying  a  majority  of  the  market  share.  the  asia  pacific  and  european  region  has  shown  promise,  with  germany  and  uk  in  europe,  and  japan  and  south  korea  in  the  asia  pacific  region.  these  four  countries  are  expected  to  have  the  highest  rate  of  growth  by  2020.  the  predominant  market  users  of  digital  signage  are  restaurants,  retailers,  office  buildings,  regional  state  and  local  planning  authorities,  public  transport  services,  and  various  different  industries.  restaurants  digital  signage  is  used  in  restaurants  through  an  interactive  menu  screen  that  rotates  promotional  offers.  restaurants  use  digital  signage  both  indoors  and  outdoors,
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  latter  needing  a  form  of  weather  protection  depending  on  the  components  of  the  hardware.  outdoor  usage  of  digital  signage  is  most  prevalent  in  drivethrough  that  allows  the  customer  to  browse  through  the  entire  menu  at  a  glance  while  also  placing  their  order  with  an  interactive  touchscreen.  indoor  digital  signage  is  used  for  the  display  of  menus.  prior  to  the  integration  of  digital  signage,  restaurants  manually  updated  the  cafeteria  menu,  which  is  in  itself  a  fulltime  job,  especially  if  the  menu  is  updated  daily.  with  digital  signage,  restaurants  do  not  have  to  manually  update  the  menu  feed,  with  live
__label__interactivedisplays menu  feed  from  digital  signage  solutions.  according  to  a  survey  conducted  by  quickservice  restaurants  and  casual  restaurant  operators,  over  20  of  restaurant  operators  experience  a  5  sales  lift  after  incorporating  digital  signage  in  their  service  sectors.  shopping  malls  digital  signage  is  widely  used  in  shopping  malls  as  a  form  of  directory  or  map  display.  uses  of  digital  signage  include  a  wayfinding  kiosk,  enabling  the  customer  to  find  their  path  through  an  interactive  touchscreen.  recent  digital  signage  have  begun  combining  interactive  advertisement  with  wayfinding  application.  this  will  offer  shoppers  who  interact  with  the  advertisement  of  the  tenant  in  the  shopping  mall
__label__interactivedisplays to  the  store.  another  usage  is  disseminating  relevant  information  such  as  the  schedule  of  an  event  or  campaign.  campaigns  digital  signage  is  used  during  exhibitions  or  marketing  events  to  entice  passersby.  digital  signage  aims  to  attract  crowds  to  events  and  enhance  visitor  experience  by  making  the  experience  memorable.  exhibitions  use  digital  signage  to  create  branding  experiences.  a  recent  campaign  promoting  the  release  of  the  emoji  movie  used  a  digital  signage  kiosk  to  allow  guests  to  interact  with  various  emoji  characters  via  the  windows  outside  and  inside  of  the  party.  hospitality  the  hospitality  industry  uses  digital  signage  to  display  crucial  information
__label__interactivedisplays at  a  convenient  and  visible  location  for  all  its  patron.  a  digital  signage  is  capable  of  functioning  as  a  virtual  concierge  in  hotels  and  as  entertainment  for  conferences  during  waiting  room.  digital  signage  is  also  used  in  hotels  as  a  form  of  wayfinding,  to  guide  a  large  group  of  people  for  a  conference  to  the  correct  room.  digital  signage  is  used  to  provide  a  simple  method  to  update  information  that  is  continuously  changing  such  as  expo  information.  cinema  digital  signage  is  placed  in  the  lobby,  concession  stands  and  displays  advertisement  before  the  movie  begins.  this  informs  customers  about  other  theater
__label__interactivedisplays offerings  and  scheduling,  increasing  concession  sales  and  gaining  other  sources  of  revenue.  transport  transport  is  a  growing  sector  for  digital  signage  with  practical  solutions,  such  as  wayfinding,  as  well  as  outofhome  advertising.  personalized  digital  content  one  specific  use  of  digital  signage  is  for  outofhome  advertising  in  which  video  content,  advertisements,  and/or  messages  are  displayed  on  digital  signs  with  the  goal  of  delivering  targeted  messages,  to  specific  locations  and/or  consumers,  at  specific  times.  this  is  often  called  digital  out  of  home  dooh.  education  digital  signage  can  be  used  for  school  cafeteria  menu  boards,  digitized  noticeboards,  and  as  an  element  of  smart
__label__interactivedisplays campuses.  the  university  of  minnesota  has  installed  300  digital  signage  boards,  updated  with  realtime  data.  technologies  interactivity  interactive  digital  signage  allows  end  users  to  interact  with  digital  content  via  touchscreens,  body  sensors  or  qr  codes  via  smartphones.digital  signs  can  interact  with  mobile  phones  using  sms  messaging  and  bluetooth.  sms  can  be  used  to  post  messages  on  the  displays,  while  bluetooth  allows  users  to  interact  directly  with  what  they  see  on  screen.  in  addition  to  mobile  interactivity,  networks  are  also  using  technology  that  integrates  social  and  locationbased  media  interactivity.  this  technology  enables  end  users  to  upload  photos  and  messages  to  social
__label__interactivedisplays networks  as  well  as  text  messages.the  widespread  use  of  smartphones  led  to  the  development  of  screensmart  device  interaction  technologies.  these  allow  smartphone  users  to  interact  directly  with  the  digital  signage  screen,  for  example,  participate  in  a  poll,  play  a  game,  or  share  social  network  content.  jpeg  images  and  mpeg4  videos  remain  the  dominant  digital  content  formats  for  the  digital  signage  industry.  for  interactive  content,  html5  and  unity3d  are  widely  used  due  to  their  popularity  among  web  developers  and  multimedia  designers.  contextaware  digital  signage  contextaware  digital  signage  leverages  technologies  such  as  sensors,  cameras,  beacons,  rfid  technologies,  software  programs  and  network  connectivity
__label__interactivedisplays including  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  monitor  the  ambient  environment,  process  information  and  deliver  promotional  messages  based  on  environmental  cues.  many  digital  signage  products  include  cameras  and  gather  shopper  demographic  data  by  estimating  the  age,  gender  and  economic  status  of  passersby  and  use  this  information  to  update  signage  as  well  as  to  provide  backend  analytics  and  shopper  profiles.  equipment  and  network  infrastructure  digital  signs  rely  on  a  variety  of  hardware  to  deliver  the  content.  the  components  of  a  typical  digital  sign  installation  include  one  or  more  display  screens,  one  or  more  media  players,  and  a  content  management  server.  sometimes
__label__interactivedisplays two  or  more  of  these  components  are  present  in  a  single  device  but  typically  there  is  a  display  screen,  a  media  player,  and  a  content  management  server  that  is  connected  to  the  media  player  over  a  network.  one  content  management  server  may  support  multiple  media  players  and  one  media  player  may  support  multiple  screens.  standalone  digital  sign  devices  combine  all  three  functions  in  one  device  and  no  network  connection  is  needed.  digital  signage  media  players  run  on  a  variety  of  operating  systems  including  windows,  linux,  android  and  ios.  lcd  and  led  displays  rapidly  dropping  prices  for  large  plasma  and  lcd
__label__interactivedisplays screens  have  led  to  a  growing  increase  in  the  number  of  digital  sign  installations.  an  array  of  these  displays  is  known  as  a  video  wall.digital  signage  displays  use  content  management  systems  and  digital  media  distribution  systems  which  can  either  be  run  from  personal  computers  and  servers  or  regional/national  media  hosting  providers.  in  many  digital  sign  applications,  content  must  be  regularly  updated  to  ensure  that  the  correct  messages  are  being  displayed.  this  can  either  be  done  manually  as  and  when  needed,  through  a  scheduling  system,  using  a  data  feed  from  a  content  provider  e.g.  canadian  press,  data  call  technologies,  bloomberg  lp,
__label__interactivedisplays thomson  reuters,  ahn,  or  an  inhouse  data  source.whenever  the  display,  media  player  and  content  server  are  located  apart  there  is  a  need  for  audiovideo  wiring  between  the  display  and  the  media  player  and  between  the  media  player  and  the  content  server.  the  connection  from  media  player  to  display  is  normally  a  vga,  dvi,  hdmi  or  component  video  connection.  sometimes  this  signal  is  distributed  over  cat  5  cables  using  transmitter  and  receiver  baluns  allowing  for  greater  distances  between  display  and  player  and  simplified  wiring.  the  connection  from  media  player  to  the  content  server  is  usually  a  wired  ethernet  connection  although  some
__label__interactivedisplays installations  use  wireless  wifi  networking.  usage  reporting  some  digital  signage  with  the  ability  to  offer  interactive  media  content  will  come  with  a  usage  reporting  function.  each  interaction  users  have  made  with  the  digital  signage  such  as  the  photos  that  were  taken,  the  number  of  games  that  were  played  will  be  recorded  in  the  digital  signage  and  produced  in  the  form  of  a  usage  report.  from  the  report,  owners  of  the  digital  signage  will  be  able  to  gauge  the  effectiveness  of  the  particular  advertisement  or  media  content  that  was  in  play  at  the  specific  hour  based  on  the  number  of  times
__label__interactivedisplays interaction  has  been  made.  furthermore,  if  the  digital  signage  is  integrated  with  kinect,the  signage  will  be  able  to  determine  the  proximity  of  the  consumer  to  the  display  and  their  demographic  details  such  as  age,  gender  for  further  analytic  and  consumer  behavior  study.  history  digital  content  is  managed  via  display  control  software.  this  control  software  can  be  a  standalone  dedicated  program  or  integrated  with  hardware.  new  messages  can  be  created  from  an  inventory  of  audio,  video,  image,  graphics,  words  and  phrases  which  are  assembled  in  different  combinations  and  permutations  to  yield  new  messages  in  realtime.digital  content  displayed  on  the  signage  is
__label__interactivedisplays presented  in  one  of  the  following  formats:text  scrolling  text.  either  scrolling  text,  or  text  dynamically  updated  via  external  newsfeed  source.images  scrolling  images,  usually  in  the  format  of  digital  advertisement  postersvideo  many  display  control  systems  use  canned  graphics  and  video,  however,  custom  video  can  be  selfgenerated  or  contracted  by  many  sources.interactive  interfaces  integration  of  signage  with  a  touch  screen,  beacons,  sensors,  rfid  technologies,  to  allow  for  twoway  communications  with  the  users.  interactive  digital  signage  helps  to  engage  users  and  may  also  assist  advertisers  to  gain  insight  into  customer  behavior.contextaware  interfaces  integration  of  signage  with  cameras,  sensors  and  software  to  monitor  the
__label__interactivedisplays ambient  environment  and  audience,  allowing  signage  to  be  updated  according  to  the  audience  profile,  weather  conditions  or  some  other  relevant  external  factor.  predecessors  to  electronic  signage  prior  to  the  advent  of  digital  signage  throughout  the  industries,  electronic  paper  were  used  as  display  devices.  electronic  paper  were  used  to  hold  static  texts  and  images  indefinitely  without  electricity.  the  disadvantage  to  electronic  paper  as  a  form  of  digital  signage  is  the  limited  reach  of  information  transmission.  users  that  need  to  update  the  information  will  need  to  be  in  the  same  retail  store,  or  be  within  the  proximity  for  shopping  malls.  this  required
__label__interactivedisplays manual  work  from  store  staffs  and  shopping  mall  staff  in  maintaining  the  device  with  the  latest  information.  first  generation:  dot  matrix  display  first  generation  of  digital  signage  display  utilize  led  board,  projection  screens  or  other  emerging  display  types  like  interactive  surfaces  or  organic  led  screens  oled.  a  dot  matrix  display  digital  signage  will  relay  the  information  within  a  database.  all  the  information  must  be  inputted  manually  by  a  person  before  the  message  display  is  updated.  this  form  of  digital  signage  is  most  commonly  used  in  both  train  stations,  airports,  and  other  areas  where  information  must  be  conveyed  to  the  mass
__label__interactivedisplays public.  the  downside  of  having  dot  matrix  digital  signage  is  the  lack  of  media  player.  this  digital  signage  will  not  be  able  to  play  multimedia  contents.  second  generation:  multimedia  player  digital  signage  the  second  generation  of  digital  signage  is  able  to  play  multimedia  contents  and  is  controlled  by  a  centralized  management  system.  digital  audiovisual  av  content  is  reproduced  on  tvs  and  monitor  displays  of  a  digital  sign  network  from  at  least  one  media  player  usually  a  small  computer  unit,  but  dvd  players  and  other  types  of  media  sources  may  also  be  used.  various  hardware  and  software  options  exist.  these  range
__label__interactivedisplays from  portable  media  players  that  can  output  jpg  slide  shows  or  loops  of  mpeg2  video  to  networks  consisting  of  multiple  players  and  servers  that  offer  control  over  enterprisewide  or  campuswide  displays  at  many  venues  from  a  single  location.  the  former  are  ideal  for  small  groups  of  displays  that  can  be  updated  via  usb  flash  drive,  sd  card  or  cdrom.  another  option  is  the  use  of  d.a.n.  digital  advertising  network  players  that  connect  directly  to  the  monitor  and  to  the  internet,  to  a  wan  wide  area  network,  or  to  a  lan  local  area  network.  this  allows  the  end  user  the  ability
__label__interactivedisplays to  manage  multiple  d.a.n.  players  from  any  location.  the  end  user  can  create  new  advertising  or  edit  existing  advertisements  and  then  upload  changes  to  the  d.a.n.  via  the  internet  or  other  networking  options.apis  for  some  digital  sign  software  allow  customized  content  management  interfaces  through  which  endusers  can  manage  their  content  from  one  location.more  advanced  digital  sign  software  allows  content  to  be  automatically  created  by  the  media  players  computers  and  servers  on  a  minutebyminute  basis,  combining  realtime  data,  from  news  to  weather,  prices,  transport  schedules,  etc.,  with  av  content  to  produce  the  most  uptodate  content.  third  generation:  interactive  digital  signage  the
__label__interactivedisplays current  generation  of  digital  signage  builds  onto  the  previous  generation  with  the  added  function  to  interact  with  the  system.  users  will  be  able  to  interact  with  the  advertisement,  scroll  through  the  product  menu,  or  share  their  information  online  via  the  new  generation  of  digital  signage.  the  interactive  digital  signage  opens  up  interaction  and  ability  to  collect  more  personalize  information.  some  common  uses  of  interactive  digital  signage  are  for  users  to  take  a  picture  and  then  connect  to  their  facebook,  twitter,  instagram,  or  other  social  media  platform  to  share  the  photo  they  have  taken.  see  also  electronic  signageemergency  communication  systemkiosk  softwareoutofhome
__label__interactivedisplays close  keyboardarrowdown  a  look  inside  what  happens  when  you  connect  digital  screens  with  the  things  around  us.  jul  2017  we  love  ensuring  that  screens  can  do  more  than  they  ever  did.  our  is  a  great  example  of  that.  not  so  long  ago  it  was  crazy  difficult  to  get  great  content  up  onto  your  screens.  now,  it  takes  mere  seconds  to  have  a  twitter  feed  running,  a  presentation,  a  dashboard  or  a  live  news  feed.  but  something  we  often  discuss  is;  whats  the  next  step?  what  happens  when  our  screens  become  even  smarter  and  more  connected  to  the  rest  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays things  around  us?  so  we  decided  to  look  at  what  will  happen  when  screens  become  part  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  heres  a  hint:  they  already  are.  the  key  to  all  iot  systems  is  the  data  that  is  passed  between  them.  say  you  have  a  digital  screen  thats  hooked  up  to  a  traffic  monitoring  system.  the  monitoring  system  tracks  bus  patterns  and  traffic  using  mapping  and  the  screen  pulls  all  of  that  together  using  an  app,  which  creates  an  exceedingly  userfriendly  dashboard.  suddenly,  youve  turned  what  were  three  independent  systems  one  screen,  one  traffic  monitoring  system,  one  tracking
__label__interactivedisplays system  into  one  snackable  digital  screen.  your  screen  then  portrays  whats  going  on  in  the  streets  around  you  and  the  traffic  patterns  that  could  affect  say,  how  you  get  to  work  in  the  morning.  no  longer  do  you  have  to  get  up,  check  the  news  on  tv,  look  at  an  app  for  bus  timetables  and  keep  your  fingers  crossed  everything  will  be  on  time.  instead,  you  have  one  live  travel  dashboard  being  fed  by  data  that  only  needs  a  glance  to  ensure  you  get  to  where  you  need  to  be  more  effectively.  checkout  or  to  find  out  more.  there  are
__label__interactivedisplays other  future  digital  signage  scenarios  were  excited  about  which  fall  into  an  if  this  then  that  scenario  dependent  on  the  situation  of  other  things.  for  example,  say  you  have  a  digital  menu  board  up  in  a  restaurant  and  your  top  menu  item  sells  out.  the  fridge  that  stocks  the  item  realizes  it  has  sold  out,  so  it  transmits  a  message  to  the  digital  screen.  the  screen  removes  the  item  from  the  menu  board  and  replaces  it  with  something  else.  customers  can  see  exactly  what  is  available  and  can  make  faster,  more  informed  decisions.  alternatively,  you  could  have  screens  which  talk
__label__interactivedisplays to  wearable  fitness  trackers  and  update  advertising  displays  accordingly,  screens  which  send  out  beacon  messaging  or  screens  which  are  affected  by  external  factors.  say  the  weather  is  bad;  you  begin  to  display  coffee  offers  and  umbrella  sales.  if  the  weathers  nice,  you  switch  to  ice  cream  and  sun  cream.  these  scenarios  all  help  screens  to  become  more  useful  and  tuned  in  to  the  world  around  them.  you  cant  talk  about  the  future  of  iotenabled  screens  without  looking  at  the  connected  shopping  experience.  for  a  long  while  now,  futurists  have  predicted  beacons  becoming  big  business  in  stores  attracting  consumers.  truth  is,
__label__interactivedisplays the  technologys  there  but  the  strategy  behind  it  still  needs  some  work.  in  a  perfect  scenario,  all  window  displays  would  be  interactive.  the  screen  would  talk  to  a  sensor,  which  would  talk  to  a  beacon,  which  would  talk  to  the  users  phone.  this  would  allow  the  users  smartphone  or  smartwatch  etc.  to  share  preferences  with  the  sensor  or  beacon,  which  in  turn,  would  tell  the  screen  exactly  what  to  show.  the  shopper  then  has  full  control  over  the  screen,  by  touching  it  or  telling  it  what  to  share.  cue  actual  useful  information  such  as  interactive  floorplans,  offer  codes  and  local
__label__interactivedisplays information.  with  added  heatmapping,  digital  signage  could  also  be  triggered  to  upsell  items  based  on  hightraffic  areas.  you  could  also  have  screens  that  sense  when  stores  or  businesses  are  getting  busy  and  send  an  alert  out  to  the  smartphones  of  employees,  to  help  reduce  queue  time.  screens  that  decide  what  to  do  for  you  are  great  but  were  humans  and  of  course,  we  often  like  to  be  in  charge.  screens  that  are  voice  activated,  like  the  ones  we  tested  with  create  a  world  where  screens  can  be  told  what  to  do.  the  biggest  benefit  of  voiceactivated  screens  is  that  you
__label__interactivedisplays dont  have  to  have  a  touchscreen  fairly  expensive  to  be  able  to  implement  and  you  dont  have  to  be  anywhere  near  the  screen  in  question.  for  those  who  are  physically  disabled  or  blind,  or  even  for  children  who  may  not  be  able  to  reach  up  and  touch  a  screen,  this  poses  a  huge  opportunity.  in  an  office  scenario,  a  marketing  manager  can  simply  tell  a  screen  what  to  show  and  its  job  done.  then  you  have  touchscreens  where  customers  can  check  whats  in  stock,  order  a  particular  shoe  size  or  get  information  about  a  business.  in  real  estate,  you  could
__label__interactivedisplays have  interactive  boards  where  visitors  can  browse  through  to  find  the  perfect  home.  when  screens  are  more  connected  and  more  in  tune  with  other  products  and  systems  you  get  digital  signage  which  is:  the  above  scenarios  are  either  already  here  or  not  far  off.  every  day,  more  and  more  things  get  initiated  into  what  we  call  the  mass  network.  when  the  screens  we  use  and  view  everyday  become  part  of  that,  the  possibilities  are  endless.  start  your  digital  signage  journey  today,  sign  up  to  a  free  trial  of  screencloud  at  .
__label__interactivedisplays you  must  have  javascript  enabled  in  your  browser  to  utilize  the  functionality  of  this  website.  you  have  no  items  in  your  shopping  cart.  when  youre  looking  for  the  ultimate  digital  whiteboard  solution,  viewsonic  viewboard  interactiveflat  panel  displays  deliver.with  content  sharing  and  interactive  touch  at  your  fingertips,  viewboard  displays  help  to  betterfacilitate  presentations,brainstorming,  and  decisionmaking.  digital  white  boarding  software  combines  enterpriselevel  securitywith  cloudbased  portability  and  annotation  tools  to  enhancethe  way  your  team  connects  and  collaborates.  a  centerpiece  for  collaboration,  viewsonic  viewboard  ifp50interactive  displays  deliver  incredible  interactive  capabilitiesfor  21st  century  classrooms.  featuring  huge  touchscreens,viewboard  displays  let  multiple  users  write,  edit,  and  draw
__label__interactivedisplays onscreenfor  dynamic  presentations  and  creative  brainstorming.  viewboard  ifp60  interactive  displays  deliver  the  ultimate  in  collaborationsolutions.  whether  your  conference  room  is  in  need  of  an  interactivewhiteboard,  video  conferencing,  or  both,  viewboard  interactive  displayslet  you  securely  connect  and  collaborate  like  never  before.  our  professional  development  sessions  deliver  indepth  trainingto  help  you  master  and  maximize  your  viewboard  displayand  myviewboard  software  making  teaching  easier  for  you,and  learning  more  exciting  and  engaging  for  your  students.  with  a  few  simple  addons,  your  viewboard  display  cando  much,  much  more.  optimize  your  viewboard  displayand  enhance  classroom  and  meeting  room  collaborationwith  these  accessories:  find  the  right  interactive  solution  for
__label__interactivedisplays yourneeds.  program,  pricing,  specifications  availability  are  subject  to  change  without  notice.  all  prices,  unless  otherwise  stated,  are  in  u.s.  dollars.  selection,  offers  and  programs  may  vary  by  country.  corporate  names  and  trademarks  stated  herein  are  the  property  of  their  respective  companies.  copyright  20002019  viewsonic  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.  thanks  for  your  interest  in  purchasing  a  viewsonic  product.  to  help  us  best  accommodate  your  needs,  please  fill  out  the  purchase  request  form  and  a  viewsonic  representative  will  contact  you  to  discuss  a  tailored  solution  for  your  business.
__label__interactivedisplays this  system  pncd701  includes  a  next  generation  4k  70  class  69.5  diagonal  interactive  display,  builtin  microphone,  4k  camera  and  iot  sensor  hub  that  works  seamlessly  with  the  best  microsoft  365  collaboration  tools.  its  all  backed  by  the  cloud  to  deliver  outstanding  ease  of  use  and  enable  the  continual  analysis  of  meeting  room  conditions  and  usage.  save  up  to  10  minutes  by  simply  entering  a  room  and  plugging  in  a  laptop  computer  via  usbc  cable  the  connector  provides  highspeed,  highbandwidth  data  transfer  for  multiple  functions,  including  4k  video,  internet  network  and  application  data.  in  addition,  a  wireless  casing  allows  windows  and
__label__interactivedisplays android  devices  to  share  information  as  well.  total  economic  impact  study,  forrester  consulting,  february  2016.  builtin  sensors  connecting  to  the  microsoft  azure  digital  twins  iot  platform  and  other  commercially  available  cloud  services,  such  as  ,  can  help  provide  a  more  comfortable,  energyefficient  meeting.  this  includes:  its  intelligent  climate  measurement  can  be  used  by  an  ai  service  to  automatically  regulate  the  room  temperature  and  relative  humidity  to  make  the  room  feel  from  comfortable.  a  motion  sensor  can  detect  the  presence  of  any  people  in  the  room  and  an  ai  service  can  analyze  this  data  and  count  the  number  of  people.  additionally,
__label__interactivedisplays an  ai  service  can  detect  the  location  of  whoever  is  speaking  and  control  a  threedimensional  microphone  array  to  focus  on  the  relevant  person.  levels  of  air  quality  and  temperature  in  the  meeting  room  can  be  measured  and  can  assist  another  ai  service  to  automatically  adjust  the  air  conditioning  to  provide  the  best  possible  working  environment.  an  ambient  light  sensor  helps  with  intelligent  lighting  control,  as  it  automatically  measures  the  level  of  light.an  ai  service  could  then  adjust  the  inroom  lighting  system  with  changing  day  and  night  conditions,  which  can  reduce  eye  strain  and  may  save  money  on  wasted  energy.  provides
__label__interactivedisplays a  more  accurate  and  natural  feel.  to  write  as  you  would  with  a  marker  on  a  flipchart  or  whiteboard.  with  no  training  or  technical  distractions.  additionally,  windows  collaboration  display  is  skype  for  business  certified  and  offers  the  highestquality  audio  and  video  and  provides  the  best  ways  to  connect  and  collaborate  using  the  power  and  productivity  of  microsoft  365  at  room  scale.  it  includes  microsoft  teams,  a  complete  chat,  notes,  attachments  and  online  meetings  solution  that  allows  everyone  to  feel  as  if  they  are  in  the  same  room,  even  when  working  remotely.  the  mentioned  software  and  services  are  available  as  an
__label__interactivedisplays additional  purchase  and  are  not  included  in  shipping  with  the  windows  collaboration  display.  the  interactive  display  has  an  attractive  and  elegant  edgetoedge  design  that  looks  great  in  even  the  most  prestigious  corporate  boardroom.  this  includes  discretely  located  buttons,  as  well  as  integrated  4k  camera  iot  sensor  and  microphone.  signup  for  updates  on  the  availability  of  the  windows  collaboration  display  from  sharp.
__label__interactivedisplays with  solutions  ideal  for  every  room,  space  and  budget,  avocor  has  an  interactive  display  screen  ideal  for  every  environment.  incredibly  easy  to  use,  our  displays  deliver  seamless  integration  and  by  choosing  avocor  in  every  meeting  space,  across  a  facility,  campus  or  global  offices  ensures  that  the  user  experience  is  the  same  every  time,  meaning  collaboration  can  happen  more  often  and  much  faster,  anywhere  teams  want  to  meet.  windows  collaboration  displays  by  avocor  represent  the  next  generation  of  interactive  displays,  answering  some  of  the  common  problems  faced  by  users  daily  while  seamlessly  delivering  the  power  and  productivity  of  office  365  and
__label__interactivedisplays microsoft  teams  into  the  meeting  space.  the  f  series  of  interactive,  collaborative  displays  represents  the  very  latest  in  touchscreen  technology  innovation.  the  f  series  comprises  a  beautiful,  sleek,  lightweight  design  and  offers  seamless  integration  and  compatibility  with  thirdparty  unified  communications.  the  e  series  of  interactive  displays  introduces  firsttomarket  features  such  as  optically  bonded  glass  into  a  4k  ir  display,  making  the  e  series  the  most  highperforming,  costeffective  solution  available  on  the  market.  avocor  limited  2016.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays windows  collaboration  displays  by  avocor  enhances  collaboration  and  increases  simplicity  for  every  meeting  space.  an  allinone  video  conferencing,  whiteboard  and  touch  display  screen,  the  avocor  wcd  combines  an  integrated,  high  quality  conference  camera,  stereo  speakers  and  an  active,  farfield  microphone  array  to  create  the  ideal  video  collaboration  environment.  uniquely,  the  displays  include  builtin,  iot  sensors  that  connect  to  the  microsoft  azure  digital  twins  platform  to  measure  environmental  data  such  as  room  temperature  and  light  levels  to  provide  intelligent  data  for  facilities  managers.  the  avocor  f  series  features  two  different  product  ranges,  the  f10  and  the  f50,  both  designed  to  offer
__label__interactivedisplays seemless  integration  with  3rd  party  devices  and  software  including  logitech,  crestron,  zoom,  microsoft  teams  and  quicklaunch  to  create  a  bispoke  unified  communications  platform  that  meets  the  needs  of  your  organization.  both  series  deliver  superior  touch  and  whiteboarding  as  well  as  a  smooth,  accurate  user  experience  that  is  pixelperfect  and  incredibly  intuitive.  the  avocor  e  series  display  screen  introduces  cuttingedge,  lightweight  led  technology  with  firsttomarket  2mm  optically  bonded  glass,  delivering  the  most  superior  user  experience  on  an  infrared  interactive  display.  the  avocor  e  series  is  the  perfect  solution  for  the  costconscious  user  that  is  looking  for  a  highperformance  display  to  encourage
__label__interactivedisplays group  collaboration  and  team  working.  optimized  for  windows  10,  the  e  series  includes  edgeswipe  functionality  that  gives  a  true  tabletlike  experience  on  a  large  format  display  screen  while  the  antiglare,  antifingerprint  glass  delivers  an  exceptionally  smooth,  natural  writing  experience.  ranging  from  65  to  86,  the  e  series  delivers  up  to  20  ultrafast  touch  points,  creating  an  environment  that  inspires  collaboration.  get  access  to  online  product  support  with  faqs,  downloadable  documentation,  firmware  and  more,  or  contact  our  expert  staff  directly  with  any  questions.  avocor  limited  2016.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays the  viewneo  butler  is  filling  the  gap  between  your  screens  and  whatever  is  happening  in  the  near  surrounding.  by  combining  digital  signage  and  internet  of  things  you  are  now  able  to  create  unique  customer  experiences.  this  hardware  makes  it  possible  that  content,  such  as  a  commercial  can  be  played  on  any  kind  of  electrical  device  content  driven  events.  additionally,  sensors  such  as  motion  detectors  can  allow  content  to  be  displayed  when  an  event  is  triggered.  this  allows  screens  to  show  a  personalized  commercial  when  an  individual  appears  is  located  in  front  of  the  sensor.  this  infrared  motion  sensor  registers  movement
__label__interactivedisplays which  is  caused  by  people.  this  makes  it  possible  to  display  content  on  screens  when  the  sensor  registers  motion  in  front  of  the  monitor.  it  is  ideal  for  advertising  steles  that  are  able  to  respond  to  visitors.  the  ir  sensor  is  battery  powered  and  can  be  mounted  anywhere.  the  wireless  range  for  the  viewneo  butler  should  be  taken  into  account  approx.  30  45  feet  distance.  this  radiocontrolled  socket  can  be  combined  with  the  viewneo  butler  system,  to  create  extraordinary  presentations.  for  example,  a  particular  product  is  lit  up  by  a  led  spotlight,  while  the  corresponding  promotional  video  is  being  played.
__label__interactivedisplays the  content  on  the  screen  is  able  to  generate  effects  on  the  environment  outside  of  the  monitor  content  driven  events.  its  suitable  for  striking  advertising  in  showrooms,  customer  experience  installations  in  a  fixed  location  or  for  interactive  displays  at  museums.  the  internet  of  things  as  well  as  interfaces  towards  zapier,  ifttt,  thingspeak,  or  other  platforms  provide  unlimited  opportunities  for  interactive  applications.  this  way  your  content  responds  to  incidents  in  realtime.  the  temperature  rises  above  a  predefined  hight  only  cabriolet  commercials  will  be  seen  on  the  displays  owned  by  the  car  rental.  if  temperature  drops  below  a  certain  level  the  content
__label__interactivedisplays will  change  to  winter  check  up  or  allseason  tires.  your  digital  signage  content  doesnt  have  to  play  in  a  continuous  loop  any  longer.  your  content  can  react  to  whats  happening  in  front  of  the  digital  sign.  spin  your  product  on  a  turntable  in  front  of  them  while  its  commercial  plays  on  the  digital  signs.  presenter:  tobias  spelz  designed  with  in  dsseldorf
__label__interactivedisplays as  ,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  a  boon  for  education.  from  socalled  flipped  classrooms  and  online  courses  to  integrated  mobile  technology  and  more  efficient  teaching  methods,  iotenabled  connectivity  continues  to  supplant  pencils,  paper  and  chalkboards  as  instructional  approaches  and  learning  opportunities  expand.  just  as  important,  the  iot  can  improve  things  that  complement  a  solid  education  stuff  like  security  via  the  use  of  smart  cameras,  climate  control  via  the  use  of  smart  hvac  systems.  smart  lighting  systems  are  big,  too,  providing  better  and  more  energy  efficient  illumination.  as  one  education  professional  said  of  the  iot,  it  is  not
__label__interactivedisplays about  the  technology;  its  about  sharing  knowledge  and  information,  communicating  efficiently,  building  learning  communities  and  creating  a  culture  of  professionalism  in  schools.  these  are  the  key  responsibilities  of  all  educational  leaders.  seattle,  washington  makes  interactive  displays  that  combine  multitouch,  dryerase  and  natural  writing  technology,  plus  cloudbased  lesson  delivery  software  and  personalized  training  for  educators.  colorados  palmer  high  school  installed  prometheans  activwalls  in  its  english  tutoring  and  media  centers  so  students  can  better  interact  with  academic  material.  kansas  city,missouri  via  wired  or  wireless,  users  can  quickly  scan  editable  text  from  books,  papers  and  other  documents  directly  into  a  phone,  tablet  or
__label__interactivedisplays computer.  that  text  is  then  translatable  into  more  than  40  languages.  theres  even  a  function  that  allows  you  to  listen  while  you  scan.  reading  and  listening  to  text  while  you  scan  it  is  an  excellent  way  to  study  quickly  while  also  better  absorbing  the  information  for  exams.  san  francisco,  california  designs,  builds  and  tests  education  solutions  for  mobile  and  elearning.  customized  instructorled  training  offers  realtime  feedback,  and  tools  like  competitive  games  and  audio/video  animation  help  increase  participation  and  retention.  sweetrush  idea  workshop  costa  rica,  a  firm  specializing  in  virtual/augmented  reality  and  the  internet  of  things.  the  company  created  a  simulated
__label__interactivedisplays callcenter  experience  for  a  large  financial  services  firm  that  wanted  its  call  staff  to  learn  and  practice  new  skills  without  the  need  for  classroom  training  and  role  playing.  washington,  d.c.  provides  what  the  company  describes  as  a  connected  learning  experience  and  support  network  for  a  variety  of  fields,  including  k12  and  higher  education.  a  digital  learning  environment  personalizes  the  educational  experience,  virtual  classroom  technology  increases  collaboration  and  branded  websites  keep  parents,  students  and  others  updated  with  the  latest  grades,  attendance,  events  and  news.  the  companys  blackboard  mobile  credential  support  enables  students  to  add  their  student  id  to  the  wallet  for
__label__interactivedisplays iphone  and  apple  watch  so  they  can  more  easily  enjoy  secure  access  to  campus  buildings  and  pay  for  services  like  laundry  and  dining.  philadelphia,  pennsylvania  a  provider  of  programming  and  roboticseducation,  uses  robots  to  teach  coding  languages  like  python,  c,  javascript  and  matlab.  the  locoiot  course  instructs  students  on  how  to  build,  design  and  connect  iot  systems  from  the  ground  up.  the  company  just  released  a  tiny  ai  robot  called  my  loopy  to  teach  children  codewriting  skills.  equipped  with  sensors  that  respond  to  touch,  light,  sound  and  other  things,  it  learns  both  from  its  environment  and  human  interactions.  new  york,
__label__interactivedisplays new  york  video  management  and  creation  tools  enable  students  and  teachers  in  and  out  of  the  classroom  to  create,  edit  and  deliver  live  or  ondemand  highquality  video  to  any  device  with  the  end  goals  of  increasing  interaction  and  creativity  to  improve  the  overall  learning  experience.  kaltura  recently  acquired  the  boulder,  colo.based  startup  rapt  media  and  is  integrating  the  companys  interactive  video  technology  into  kalturas  broader  platform.  mountain  view,  california  at  ,  kids  start  off  learning  to  code  via  the  use  of  visual  code  blocks  that  represent  actual  programming  concepts  before  progressing  to  popular  languages  like  javascript  and  python.  coding  education
__label__interactivedisplays can  be  applied  to  drones,  apps,  games,  robots  and  more.  tynker  recently  partnered  with  the  toymaker  mattel  to  teach  kids  coding  using  various  iterations  of  the  popular  action  figure  barbie.  weymouth,  u.k.  makes  a  variety  of  student  smart  cards  that  can  be  presented  to  an  authenticating  reader  and  linked  via  iot  to  an  access  control  system.types  of  cards  include  ones  forphysical  access  to  facilities,  photo  i.d.  with  hologram  or  uv  printing,  time  and  attendance,  logical  access  to  monitor  use  of  electronic  data  like  coursework,  elearning  resources,  printers  and  internet,  loyalty  and  membership,  payment  for  vending  machines,  printing,  photocopying  and  health/medicaldata
__label__interactivedisplays blood  type,  emergency  contacts.  the  company  recently  released  its  magicard  600  directtocard  printer  with  digital  shredding  capabilities.  mclean,  virginia  makes  wifi  systems  for  use  in  smart  school  buses.  increasingly,  wifi  enabled  school  buses  provide  students  with  internet  connectivity  to  finish  and  turn  in  homework,  drivers  with  the  ability  to  monitor  student  behavior  and  improve  onboard  safety  and  parents  the  tools  to  track  their  childs  bus  in  real  time.  kajeet  recently  with  google  to  enable  rolling  study  halls.  images  via  shutterstock  and  social  media  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__interactivedisplays all  digital  signage,  some  snark  a  new  interactive  digital  artwork  at  the  barbican  in  london  uses  camera  sensors  and  a  big  digital  display  to  generate  unique  digital  forms  of  people  who  visit  an  exhibit  called  at  the  entrance  to  the  exhibition,  the  visitor  is  greeted  by  a  screen  which  acts  as  a  mirror,  reflecting  a  unique  synthetic  form.  starting  as  a  primitive  form,  the  reflection  learns  from  the  visitors  movements  and  adapts  to  suggest  an  agile,  superior  version  of  themselves.  the  artwork  evolves,  generating  a  new  visual  response  for  each  visitor,  with  47,000  possible  variations.  ai:  more  than  human  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  major  exhibition  at  the  barbican,  exploring  creative  and  scientific  developments  in  ai.  it  opened  recently  and  runs  through  august.  the  interactive  piece  was  commissioned  by  the  barbican  to  the  video  art/experiential  design  collective  i  often  think  interactive  displays  that  encourage  stupid  people  tricks  like  dancing  in  front  of  a  screen  in  a  mall  lack  much  of  a  point  or  strategy,  and  are  more  novelty  than  useful  marketing  tool.  this  is  very  different  placed  in  the  right  setting  and  entirely  in  context.  very  cool.  video  below.  dave  haynes  is  the  founder  and  editor  of  sixteen:nine,  an  online  publication  that  has
__label__interactivedisplays followed  the  digital  signage  industry  for  more  than  13  years.  dave  does  strategic  advisory  consulting  work  for  many  endusers  and  vendors,  and  also  writes  for  many  of  them.  hes  based  near  halifax,  nova  scotia.  sixteen:nine  is  an  online  news  and  analysis  publication  focused  on  the  digital  signage  industry  vendors  and  endusers.  we  filter  the  bs.  we  ignore  most  press  releases.  we  celebrate  great  work.  and  we  point  out  stupidity.  there  are  6,900  articles  here,  and  the  count  grows  daily.  tracing  back  to  early  2006,  16:9  is  in  many  ways  a  running  history  of  the  digital  signage  industry.  founding  editor  dave
__label__interactivedisplays haynes  has  built  and  run  companies  in  this  business,  and  hes  consulted  for  scores  of  companies.  in  other  words,  he  knows  his  stuff.  more  than  160  episodes  and  counting  twitter:  enter  your  email  address  to  subscribe  to  this  blog  and  receive  notifications  of  new  posts  by  email.  sixteen:nine  has  been  covering  the  digital  signage  industry  daily  since  feb.  2006.  the  online  publication  is  solely  owned  by  vertical  media  consulting  group  inc.,  a  canadianincorporated  firm  located  near  halifax,  ns.  other  properties  include  the  meetingroomsigns.biz  online  directory.  sixteen:nine  accepts  advertising,  and  has  multiple  ad  positions  available.  we  have  a  global  reader  base
__label__interactivedisplays and  large,  highlyfocused  and  loyal  readership  interested  in  editorial  independence,  quality  writing  and  a  frank,  honest  point  of  view.  we  can  send  you  a  media  kit  with  rates  and  options.  guest  submissions  are  happily  considered  from  people  with  genuine  experience  and  insight  about  the  digital  signage  and  digital  ooh  sectors.  if  you  want  to  guest  post  to  plug  your  product,  or  generate  links  for  seo  reasons,  go  away.
__label__interactivedisplays post  written  by  zohar  dayan  zohar  dayan  is  the  ceo  and  cofounder  of  the  leading  aipowered  video  creation  platform.  getty  amazon  initiates  the  transition  to  visual.  the  wall  street  journal  at  the  same  time,  the  echo  shows  new  video  focus  also  opened  the  door  to  collaborations  in  the  content  space.one  of  our  customers,  for  instance  legacy  media  company  daily  mail  works  to  engage  and  support  iot  device  users  who  rely  on  smart  assistants  like  alexa  to  access  their  media,  news  and  entertainment,  satisfying  the  noted  need  for  video  content  on  the  platform.  the  daily  mail  launched  two  skills  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays echo  show:  mail  recipes  and  news  video  briefings  called  mail  plus.  video  enhances  the  iot  consumer  experience.  with  the  rise  of  video  across  iot  devices  comes  new  opportunities  for  businesses  to  reach  their  audience.  most  businesses  today  have  recognized  the  necessity  of  video  for  their  content  strategies  and  have  incorporated  it  on  the  many  platforms  and  channels  that  make  up  their  strategy.  screens  make  iot  devices  an  appealing  new  distribution  channel,  and  businesses  should  begin  thinking  about  how  they  can  optimize  their  existing  video  content  for  iot  to  build  brand  awareness  and  even  drive  revenue.  tell,  but  to  show  zohar
__label__interactivedisplays yesica  danderfer  its  been  a  few  years  since  we  started  hearing  the  buzz  about  a  new  type  of  domestic  technology.  smart  mirrors,  robot  vacuum  cleaners,  wireless  kitchen  appliances  interactive,  internetconnected  devices  that  would  transform  our  lives.  in  2019,  iot  smart  home  device  sales  ,  and  are  of  more  than  53  billion  by  2022.  but  in  this  alwaysconnected  iot  home  of  moodsensing  music  systems,  smart  lighting,  intelligent  heating  and  cooling,  motorized  blinds,  and  automated  windows  and  doors,  there  seems  to  be  little  discussion  about  why  consumers  havent  unequivocally  bought  into  the  iot  home  hype,  or  whether  domestic  life  has  actually  improved
__label__interactivedisplays as  a  result  of  it.  considering  how  personal  our  homes  are,  shouldnt  it  be  a  concern  that  the  companies  advertising  these  products  tend  to  discuss  convenience,  connectedness,  and  security  more  than  the  potential  improvement  to  the  quality  of  life?  is  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  into  our  homes  inevitable?  is  it  already  here?  a  tired  business  person  returns  to  their  certified  iot  smart  home  after  a  long  working  week.  the  senses  they  are  alone  and  initiates  the  friday  night  in  sequence.  an  intercom  with  a  thoughtful,  comforting  voice  suggests  they  might  want  to  order  in  tonight.  the
__label__interactivedisplays business  person  unloads  their  things  in  the  kitchen  where  the  displays  a  selection  of  takeouts,  rather  than  its  default  recipe  guide.  after  the  food  arrives  they  retreat  to  the  living  room  to  watch  some  tv.  the  prepares  a  selection  of  netflix  marathons  categorized  by  mood.  they  choose:  looking  to  be  cheered  up?  comedy  playlist.  before  starting  the  program,  they  review  a  set  of  graphs  displaying  the  data  from  their  activity  and  diet  throughout  the  day.  a  list  of  tips  for  smart  living  is  generated,  one  of  which  reads  that  based  on  the  number  of  consecutive  nights  spent  alone,  they  might
__label__interactivedisplays consider  exploring  a  selection  of  popular  dating  sites  instead  of  watching  tv.  with  an  inadvertent  slip  of  their  thumb  the  request  is  okd  and  instantly  a  set  of  profiles  are  displayed,  each  chosen  from  a  generated  list  of  their  tracked  preferences.  a  flurry  of  pings  and  messages  from  other  stayathome  hopefuls  fills  the  screen.  the  smart  home  intercom  exclaims,  youve  got  mail  the  confused  and  beleaguered  business  person  fumbles  for  the  remote  and  uhoh,  the  tv  snaps  a  selfie  in  response  to  the  flood  of  pings.  their  image,  sitting  in  their  underwear  eating  noodles  appears  briefly  on  the  screen  before
__label__interactivedisplays being  whisked  off  into  the  ether.  the  flood  of  messages  doubles,  the  system  freezes  causing  the  smart  home  to  reboot.  the  house  goes  dark.  with  all  the  headlines  and  debate  regarding  the  and  iot  applications,  the  number  of  connected  devices  and  market  valuations,  is  there  anyone  questioning  what  will  happen  to  the  home  once  smart  homes  take  over?  does  the  smart  home  mean  the  end  of  the  home  as  we  know  it?  the  home  is  the  first  place  we  build  our  identity  and  mark  our  place  in  the  worldour  original  profile.  generations  build  upon  generations,  and  we  can  look  back
__label__interactivedisplays into  those  past  homes  as  windows  into  the  lives  of  those  generations,  their  values,  and  ambitions.  what  do  our  smart  homes  tell  us  about  ourselves?  or  perhaps,  what  is  revealed  to  everyone  else?  the  movement  towards  the  automated  home  began  almost  two  centuries  ago.  with  the  advent  of  electricity,  when  we  first  plugged  in  our  homes,  the  light  bulb  gave  us  the  night.  though  not  universally  considered  the  healthiest  or  best  thing,  the  fact  remains  technology  freed  us  from  the  confinement  of  natural  light.  later,  appliances  replaced  tools,  and  everything  that  moved,  or  could  move,  became  battery  powered.  the  first
__label__interactivedisplays generation  of  the  automated  home  advertised  better  performance  and  the  gift  of  more  leisure  time.  more  time  for  the  family,  more  opportunity  for  the  once  tethered  housewife  to  pursue  a  career,  the  automated  home  liberated  us  from  the  need  to  maintain  it.  change  is  inevitable,  and  the  technological  trend  toward  a  new  generation  of  domestic  freedom  is  building.  but  at  what  cost?  by  inviting  the  world  in,  are  we  becoming  too  exposed?  by  adopting  the  smart  home,  are  we  forfeiting  the  security  our  home,  our  most  personal  space,  has  given  us  over  millennia?  given  the  acceptance  worldwide  that  privacy  is
__label__interactivedisplays dead,  these  thoughts  may  fall  on  deaf  ears  as  far  as  developers  and  are  concerned.  the  point,  though,  is  to  question  what  the  smart  home  is  offering  in  exchange  for  what  we  must  give  up.  is  the  trade  worth  it?  will  domestic  life  improve  as  it  did  during  the  first  generations  of  automation?  as  ,  charter  members  of  the  community  playing  a  large  and  important  part  in  that  change,  how  do  we  ensure  that  some  amount  of  dignified  domesticity  is  retained?  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  one  of  those  hot  topic  terms  that  when  we  hear  it,  we  know
__label__interactivedisplays its  significance,  and  yet  know  little  about  its  tangible  effects.  and  we  hear  fantastic  numbers  like  75  billion  iotconnected  devices  worldwide  by  2025  being  bandied  about.  but  these  numbers  have  a  similar  significance  to  knowing  that  the  earth  is  92.2  million  miles  away  from  the  sun.  theyre  very  important  numbers,  yet  the  large  majority  of  us  dont  understand  the  specifics  and  certainly  dont  address  the  numbers  daily.  all  that  most  of  us  want  to  know  is  how  it  will  improve  our  lives.  what  fuels  the  resistance  to  iot  smart  home  technology  being  adopted  with  the  same  ubiquity  as  smartphones  enjoy
__label__interactivedisplays today?  consider  the  early  phases  of  smartphone  technology.  what  caused  them  to  make  the  leap  from  a  niche  device  to  being  fastened  to  the  ear  of  nearly  every  person  on  the  planet?  smartphones  existed  for  about  a  decade  before  the  market  saw  a  significant  boost.  the  release  of  the  iphone  in  2007  generated  a  major  shift  as  apple  was  the  first  to  design  and  market  the  device  for  everyday  use.  the  elements  that  the  iphone  introduced  or  improved  seemed  to  be  subtle  interface  adjustments  and  yet  were  able  to  catalyze  a  major  shift.  what  could  the  critical  tipping  point  for
__label__interactivedisplays iot  smart  homes  be?  there  seems  to  be  more  smart  home  products  with  which  to  outfit  your  home  released  every  day.  yet  with  each  new  system,  there  is  a  new  iot  device,  with  a  new  remote  that  connects  with  a  new  app  on  your  smartphone.  and  no  matter  how  potentially  helpful  any  of  these  devices  might  be,  how  innovative  and  unique,  they  do  not  appear  to  be  allied  with  any  greater  purpose.  a  few  years  ago,  released  the  designs  for  a  connected  garden  tracking  system  called  .  the  system  contains  two  products,  one  to  monitor  the  soil,  and  another  to
__label__interactivedisplays respond  to  the  tracked  data  and  irrigate  the  garden  as  necessary.  with  the  data,  the  app  can  recommend  which  plants  might  be  the  easiest  to  grow,  and  what  they  may  need  in  order  to  flourish.  seems  pretty  handy,  but  is  it  essential  enough  to  become  widely  adopted,  or  to  really  change  the  way  we  maintain  our  yards?  this  tool  is  representative  of  most  smart  home  technology.  nice  to  have  perhaps,  but  is  it  really  worth  it?  here  is  a  story  about  a  man  in  england  who  it  seems  that  the  base  station  was  not  able  to  communicate  with  the  kettle
__label__interactivedisplays itself.  the  story  is  from  2016,  but  here  lies  the  conundrumthe  interaction  between  devices.  the  kettle  didnt  come  with  software  that  would  easily  allow  integration  with  other  devices  in  his  home.  the  issue  with  the  clunky  interaction  between  multiple  apps  has  become  clear,  and  there  is  a  definite  push  towards  developing  a  superior  home  integration  hub  for  all  internet  of  things  smart  home  devices.  some  of  the  key  players  are:  ,  ,  amazons  ,  and  apple  is  generating  momentum  with  .  so  far  there  is  no  real  front  runner.  what  seems  to  be  lacking  is  a  proper  interface  that  can
__label__interactivedisplays relieve  some  of  the  headaches  getting  in  the  way  of  convenience.  one  product,  ,  has  recognized  the  need  for  cohesion  between  devices,  and  using  its  proprietary  natural  language  processing  nlp  technology,  focuses  its  manifesto  towards  interfacing.  they  have  anticipated  the  need  for  programs  to  develop  and  build  with  the  user  over  time.  subsequently,  certain  commands  are  memorized,  so  josh.ai  knows  that  every  morning  it  should  slowly  raise  the  lights,  turn  on  the  morning  news,  and  prepare  a  cup  of  coffee.  the  interface  takes  the  work  out  of  choosing  between  apps  and  responds  to  voice  commands  to  manage  all  connected  devices.
__label__interactivedisplays josh.ai  is  advertised  as  letting  you  speak  to  your  home  naturally  like  you  would  to  a  family  member  or  friend.  josh.ai  bases  its  product  around  the  use  of  voice  rather  than  any  other  interfacea  critical  move  for  smart  home  technology.  their  platform  essentially  asks  how  people  can  program  their  home  with  as  little  work  as  possible.  the  aspiration  being  that  even  complex  processes  like  morning  routines  could  be  programmed  by  voice  and  memorized  for  the  future.  hey  josh,  when  i  get  home  can  you  turn  up  the  lights,  set  the  oven  to  300,  and  put  on  something  like  frank  sinatra?
__label__interactivedisplays im  bringing  home  a  friend.  if  josh.ai  is  one  of  the  more  promising  home  integration  hubs  to  move  the  smart  home  trend  to  the  next  stage,  what  does  its  manifesto  say  about  what  we  can  expect  from  the  technology  in  the  near  future?  the  phrase  make  your  life  easier  and  more  productive  is  repeated  often  in  these  product  manifestos.  most  of  what  they  offer  is  autonomous  control  of  things  like  lights  and  music.  we  live  in  a  different  world  these  days,  its  true,  but  does  this  compare  at  all  to  the  transition  from  brooms  to  vacuum  cleaners?  the  three  essential
__label__interactivedisplays points  of  josh.ai  are  effortless  energy  saving,  continuous  awareness  of  devices,  and  a  more  networked  system.  how  do  these  values  compare  to  past  technologies  that  significantly  liberated  the  average  person?  although  the  benefits  of  some  of  the  iot  products  may  seem  underwhelming,  the  real  issue  here  is  that  they  potentially  pose  a  significant  risk.  take  ,  for  example;  what  could  be  more  harmless  than  a  thermostat?  yet  in  its  relatively  short  life,  nest  has  already  been  censured  for  the  sale  of  home  fire  history  to  insurance  companies.  if  a  smart  home  hub  became  your  best  friend,  would  you  want  it
__label__interactivedisplays to  know  everything  about  your  preferences?  how  much  do  we  really  want  our  family  or  closest  friends  to  know  about  ourselves?  do  we  tell  them  that  were  lonely?  even  if  they  are  very  good  at  keeping  secrets,  do  we  share  our  innermost  thoughts  with  them?  when  someone  exhorts  against  the  inevitable,  they  can  come  across  as  a  luddite  or  cranky  soap  boxer.  but  doesnt  it  seem  just  a  little  strange  that  not  so  long  ago  we  marched  for  privacy,  and  here  we  are,  eagerly  handing  it  back?  the  american  association  of  house  builders  adopted  the  term  smart  house  in  1984,
__label__interactivedisplays but  iot  smart  homes,  or  iot  home  automation,  started  in  earnest  in  the  early  2000s.  different  types  of  cheaper  smart  home  technology  began  to  emerge,  and  as  such  smart  homes  suddenly  became  a  more  affordable  option  for  consumers.  the  echo  iv,  the  first  iot  home  automation  system,  was  developed  in  1966.  it  allowed  consumers  to  create  shopping  lists,  control  the  temperature  of  the  home  and  turn  appliances  on  and  off.  created  in  the  late  60s  the  kitchen  computer  could  also  create  recipes,  but  it  never  became  a  success  due  to  its  high  price.  the  echo  iv  was  the  worlds  first
__label__interactivedisplays home  automation  system,  though  it  was  never  commercially  sold.  invented  by  jim  sutherland  in  1966,  the  electronic  computing  home  operator  echo  could  store  recipes,  send  messages,  control  a  homes  temperature,  create  a  grocery  list,  and  turn  appliances  on  or  off.  the  iot  smart  home  typically  works  via  an  internetconnected  central  hub  that  controls  all  the  different  devices.  a  mobile  app,  in  turn,  controls  the  central  smart  home  hub.  setting  up  an  iot  smart  home  can  be  challenging:  there  are  a  plethora  of  different  accessories  that  only  work  with  certain  products.  iot  home  automation  is  the  process  of  controlling  home  appliances
__label__interactivedisplays automatically  using  various  control  system  techniques.  the  electrical  and  electronic  appliances  in  the  home  such  as  windows,  refrigerators,  fans,  lights,  fire  alarms,  kitchen  timers,  etc.  can  be  controlled  using  various  control  techniques.  iot  home  automation  is  the  ability  to  control  domestic  appliances  by  electronically  controlled,  internetconnected  systems.  it  may  include  setting  complex  heating  and  lighting  systems  in  advance  and  setting  alarms  and  home  security  controls,  all  connected  by  a  central  hub  and  remotecontrolled  by  a  mobile  app.  tags  kent  mundle  designer  about  the  author  kent  is  a  globally  recognized  environmental  designer  who  uses  design  to  create  innovative  and  transformative  experiences.
__label__interactivedisplays worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  see  our  related  talents  about  the  author  kent  mundle  designer  worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  join  the  toptal  community.
__label__interactivedisplays search  search  menu  close  keyboardarrowdown  the  retail  industry  is  seeing  a  rapid  transformation,  with  the  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  taking  the  center  stage  in  the  sector.  having  plenty  of  applications,  iot  helps  increase  customer  loyalty,  boost  sales,  offer  a  personalized  experience,  and  improve  inventory  management.  here  we  explore  some  of  those  use  cases.  over  the  past  20  years,  the  traditional  landscape  has  dramatically  changed,  providing  companies  with  innovative  opportunities  to  collect  and  analyze  data  and  ensure  successful  targeting  across  various  channels.  a  growing  need  to  increase  customer  loyalty  and  deliver  the  best  instore  experience  is  driving  the  adoption  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  in  the  sector.  according  to  a  new  ,  iot  in  the  market  is  predicted  to  reach  over  30  billion  by  2024.  in  another  ,  verizon  showed  various  use  cases  in  iot.  they  found  that  companies  realize  the  potential  of  iot  and  are  positive  about  many  aspects  of  its  deployments.  bringing  innovative  business  models,  smart  shelves  have  already  started  working  their  way  into  the  retail  .  smart  shelf  systems  contain  three  elements:  an  rfid  tag,  an  rfid  reader,  and  an  antenna.  being  placed  on  the  goods,  rfid  tags  have  an  integrated  circuit  and  a  microchip  antenna  that
__label__interactivedisplays transmits  data  to  the  rfid  reader.  information  is  collected  from  the  rfid  tags  and  sent  to  an  iot  platform,  where  its  stored  and  analyzed.  smart  shelves  are  suited  to  inventory  management,  that  has  been  an  expensive  and  tedious  process  for  a  long  time.  now  smart  shelves  can  automatically  monitor  inventory  and  send  managers  alerts  if  a  certain  item  is  running  low  or  its  date  will  expire  soon.  therefore,  connected  devices  are  crucial  for  avoiding  oversupply,  shortage  of  goods,  and  thefts  in  stores.  by  tracking  inventory,  they  enable  to  reduce  stress,  remove  operating  mistakes,  and  save  costs.  smart  shelves  also  take
__label__interactivedisplays an  important  part  in  making  intelligent  insights  into  customer  behavior.  by  monitoring  inventory  and  transmitting  data  about  items  movements  and  whereabouts  to  an  iot  platform,  the  system  can  provide  retailers  with  information  about  customer  needs  and  preferences,  showing  them  ways  to  improve  their  services,  increase  customer  interactions,  and  boost  sales.  beacons  are  devices  that  use  lowenergy  bluetooth  connections  to  automatically  send  push  notifications  directly  to  shoppers  smartphones  once  they  appear  in  the  coverage  area.  customers  are  notified  about  shares,  discounts,  and  offers  in  realtime,  making  them  more  likely  to  enter  a  store  and  make  a  purchase.  as  beacons  are  small,
__label__interactivedisplays they  can  be  easily  attached  to  walls,  counters,  and  other  places.  retail  companies  also  use  beacons  for  customer  instore  navigation,  sending  push  messages,  and  collecting  customer  data.  beacons  enable  retailers  to  increase  customer  loyalty  and  boost  sales.  through  beacon  technology,  retailers  can  easily  reach  their  audience  and  provide  an  engaging  experience.  also,  beacons  are  irreplaceable  for  customer  instore  navigation  and  collecting  data  about  customer  behavior,  for  example,  the  most  preferred  routes,  goods,  and  stores  in  the  shopping  center.  now  beacons  are  becoming  widely  introduced  in  the  retail  sector.  ,  business  insiders  premium  research  service,  predicted  the  beacon  installed  base  to
__label__interactivedisplays swell  from  96,000  in  2015  to  3.5  million  in  2018.  robots  have  the  potential  to  significantly  change  the  retail  sector.  bi  intelligence  predicts  2.8  million  enterprise  robots  to  ship  between  2016  and  2021.  wishing  to  become  pioneers  and  take  a  competitive  advantage,  many  companies  have  already  integrated  robots  into  their  work.  ,  for  instance,  tested  robots  in  one  of  its  san  francisco  locations  to  help  stock  shelves  and  take  inventory.  restaurants  in  china  have  started  replacing  waiters  with  robots.  startups  simbe  robotics  and  fellow  robots  are  creating  service  robots  that  help  shop  visitors  quickly  find  products  they  need  as  well
__label__interactivedisplays as  ensure  the  shelves  stay  stocked.  digital  signage  helps  retail  companies  provide  personalized  and  interactive  shopping  experience.  digital  signage  solutions  like  ipad  screens,  digitaloutofhome  applications  dooh,  intuitive  touch  screens,  and  instore  digital  screens,  help  retailers  impress  customers  and  increase  sales.  with  digital  signage  applications,  marketers  save  costs  related  to  traditional  media  and  push  customer  engagement  to  the  next  level.  digital  signage  solutions  can  serve  not  only  as  an  attractive  and  simple  way  to  display  advertisements,  but  also  be  successful  in  thinking  logically  and  improving  instore  experience,  due  to  the  internet  of  things.  for  example,  they  can  push  ads  and  price
__label__interactivedisplays changes  to  stores  in  realtime.  also,  digital  signage  can  be  programmed  by  accumulating  contextual  cues  and  patterns  from  the  customers  and  establishing  connections  based  on  their  expectations.  it  can  work  as  follows:  using  beacons,  sensors,  or  smart  devices,  the  system  collects  customer  data,  calculates  when  customers  generally  group  particular  items,  the  time  of  the  year  these  items  are  purchased,  and  so  on.  using  iot  technology,  digital  screens  can  display  not  only  commercials  and  catalogs  but  also  personalized  promotions  based  on  collected  data.  realizing  great  prospects  of  smart  signage,  retailers  are  integrating  this  technology  in  stores,  supermarkets,  and  shopping  centers.  the
__label__interactivedisplays global  market  value  for  digital  signage  to  grow  from  19.61  billion  in  2016  to  32.84  billion  by  2023,  at  a  cagr  of  7.4  between  2017  and  2023.  iot  will  dramatically  transform  and  innovate  the  retail  industry  in  the  coming  years.  the  of  iot  solutions  will  enable  retail  companies  to  create  successful  marketing  campaigns  based  on  customer  behavior,  deliver  highquality  services,  improve  inventory  management,  and  reduce  operational  costs.  more  about:  streaming  has  become  a  staple  of  us  mediaviewing  habits.  streaming  video,  however,  still  comes  with  a  variety  of  pesky  frustrations  data  is  the  lifeblood  of  so  many  companies  today.  you  need
__label__interactivedisplays more  of  it,  all  of  which  at  higher  quality,  voice  commerce,  or  conversational  commerce,  is  a  major  disruptive  opportunity  in  us  retail.  it  opens  up  the  possibility  of  building  every  year  the  mobile  market  continues  to  grow  and  develop.  cyber  monday  2018  saw  2.2  billion  in  sales  stemming  just  close  keyboardarrowdown  keyboardarrowdown  keyboardarrowdown  keyboardarrowdown  keyboardarrowdown  keyboardarrowdown  copyright  2019  clickz
__label__interactivedisplays university  of  ohio  click  on  any  of  the  images  below  to  download  one  of  our  case  studies  and  learn  how  perch  has  collaborated  with  brands  to  design  award  winning  experiences  that  drive  sales  and  customer  engagement.  see  how  kate  spade  uses  social  media  content  to  enhance  the  instore  experience  and  sell  more  accessories.  find  our  how  neiman  marcus  drove  sales  lift  across  shoes,  handbags,  denim  and  gifts.  see  how  sunglass  hut  drives  instore  engagement  by  bringing  every  pair  of  sunglasses  to  life.  find  out  how  lenovo  drove  80  sales  lift  in  laptops  by  using  digital  to  stand  out  in  a
__label__interactivedisplays crowded  category.  find  out  how  mizuno  drives  product  education  in  multiple  sports  while  creating  a  differentiated  experience.  see  how  exact  smiles  differentiates  in  the  orthodontics  industry  by  driving  interactive  educational  experiences.  interactive  product  shelf  in  shoprite  highlights  30  products  across  over  15  brands  with  videos,  ratings  and  reviews  and  more.  learn  how  brands  drive  increased  consumer  engagement,  get  better  retail  display  space  and  boost  market  share  learn  how  retailers  increase  sales  and  drive  loyalty  by  working  with  brands  to  create  magical  experiential  campaigns  learn  how  brands  with  owned  store  networks  increase  sales,  improve  margins  and  drive  customer  loyalty  find  out
__label__interactivedisplays how  perch  opens  new  revenue  streams  and  highmargin  subscription  revenue  for  partners  and  brings  revolutionary  technology  directly  to  retail  customers.  perch  can  be  embedded  in  displays  of  all  shapes  and  sizes  to  work  in  every  retail  environment.we  have  prefabricated  displays  or  can  create  custom  ones  with  your  fabricators  or  ours.  our  campaign  management  system  lets  graphic  designers  leverage  existing  marketing  materials  to  create  unique  instore  experiences.  were  happy  to  work  with  your  teams  and  agencies.  our  cloud  platform  combines  campaign  management,realtime  analytics  and  device  monitoring,  so  you  can  manage  your  deployment  or  rely  on  us  for  deployment  support.  track  the
__label__interactivedisplays number  of  customers  who  have  interacted  with  perch  each  day.  see  the  total  number  of  times  that  each  product  has  been  picked  up.  measure  the  total  time  that  customers  are  engaged  with  your  display.  perch,  149  west  36th  st,  12th  floor,  new  york,  ny  10018,  12123346978
__label__interactivedisplays for  some  time  now,  it  seems  that  everyone  has  been  talking  about  our  .  blogs  online,  people  and  companies  on  social  media,  people  at  fairs  and  expos.  so  we  thought  that  its  the  right  time  to  talk  a  bit  more  .  we  joined  forces  with  two  leading  players  in  the  iot  world:  .  as  one  of  the  articles  about  the  displays  says:  in  a  move  intended  to  broaden  the  appeal  of  its  advanced  graphics  controller  ics  in  the  emerging  internet  of  things  iot  sector,  bridgetek  has  entered  into  a  threeway  collaborative  partnership  with  iot  development  experts  zerynth  and  advanced  display
__label__interactivedisplays solutions  provider  riverdi.  you  can  read  the  whole  post  on  the  .  with  bridgeteks  and  zerynths  tools  for  programming  32bit  microcontrollers  in  python,  all  our  users  are  set  for  success  in  their  iot  and  industry  4.0  projects.  all  you  need  is  one  of  the  iot  displays.  they  even  have  a  zerynth  studio  license  onboard.  you  can  start  programming  them  right  out  of  the  box  whats  also  interesting  is  that  zerynth  allows  as  well.  so,  for  everyone  who  likes  to  mix  these  two  programming  languages  use  both  c  and  python.  and  what  are  other  blogs  saying  about  the  collaboration?  for  example,
__label__interactivedisplays this  is  what  had  to  say:  bridgeteks  bt81x  series  devices  employing  the  companys  embedded  video  engine  eve  technology,  paired  with  riverdis  touchenabled  display  modules  plus  zerynths  iot  programming  platform  and  its  supporting  libraries  forms  a  hardware/software  offering  that  promises  to  accelerate  system  deployments.  the  eves  objectoriented  architecture  means  that  sophisticated  humanmachine  interfaces  hmis  can  be  constructed  while  only  using  minimal  microcontroller  and  memory  capacity,  saving  board  real  estate  and  curbing  power  consumption  demands.  you  can  access  the  zerynth  bt81x  library  .  there  are  lots  of  other  articles  out  there  about  this  product  range,  but  we  wanted  to  give  you  a
__label__interactivedisplays selection  here.  let  us  know  what  you  think  about  riverdi  iot  displays  on  social  media  tag  riverdi  and  share  your  opinion.  right  now,  there  are  three  different  versions  of  the  iot  displays  you  can  choose  from:  riverdi  sp.  z  o.o.  sp.k.  about  contact  this  website  collects  and  uses  personal  information  for  the  following  reasons:  shopping,  site  visitation  tracking,  contact  forms,  email  newsletter.  this  website  collects  and  uses  personal  information  for  the  following  reasons:  shopping,  site  visitation  tracking,  contact  forms,  email  newsletter.  privacy  policy
__label__interactivedisplays with  bestinclass  picture  quality  and  exceptional  durability,  samsung  digital  signage  displays  elevate  the  conventional  viewing  experience,  helping  businesses  deliver  content  that  engages,  informs  and  entertains.  with  bestinclass  picture  quality  and  exceptional  durability,  samsung  digital  signage  displays  elevate  the  conventional  viewing  experience,  helping  businesses  deliver  content  that  engages,  informs  and  entertains.  featured  digital  signage  display  innovations  the  wall  samsung  flip  2  qled  8k  signage  the  wall  samsung  flip  2  qled  8k  signage  digital  signage  displays  screens  explore  our  wide  selection  of  digital  signage  and  commercial  displays.  from  outdoor  signage  and  video  walls  to  microled,  interactive  and  standalone  displaysranging  from  full  hd
__label__interactivedisplays to  8k  uhd  resolutionwe  offer  digital  display  screens  and  solutions  for  virtually  any  business  need.  explore  our  wide  selection  of  digital  signage  and  commercial  displays.  from  outdoor  signage  and  video  walls  to  microled,  interactive  and  standalone  displaysranging  from  full  hd  to  8k  uhd  resolutionwe  offer  digital  display  screens  and  solutions  for  virtually  any  business  need.  directview  led  video  walls  4k  uhd  displays  directview  led  video  walls  4k  uhd  displays  lcd  video  walls  interactive  touch  displays  full  hd  displays  digital  signage  accessories  lcd  video  walls  interactive  touch  displays  full  hd  displays  digital  signage  accessories  digital  signage  and  commercial  displays  tailored  for
__label__interactivedisplays your  industry  retail  signage  samsungs  retail  digital  signage  delivers  realtolife,  eyecatching  picture  quality  and  a  redefined  instore  experiencer  to  cut  through  the  clutter  and  capture  the  attention  of  shoppers.  retail  signage  corporate  signage  transform  your  corporate  campus  and  give  your  workforce  the  power  to  collaborate  like  never  before  with  samsungs  corporate  and  conference  room  digital  display  screens  and  solutions.  corporate  signage  digital  signage  software  smart  signage  platform  looking  for  a  partner  to  remotely  manage  multiple  displays  and  locations?  looking  for  a  partner  to  remotely  manage  multiple  displays  and  locations?  magicinfo  looking  to  manage  installation  and  operations  independently?  looking  to  manage
__label__interactivedisplays installation  and  operations  independently?  collaboration  solutions  samsung  flip  want  to  drive  more  productive  and  efficient  team  meetings?  samsung  flip  interactive  digital  display  screens  are  innovative  digital  flipcharts  that  help  to  drive  more  productive  and  efficient  collaboration  without  the  hassle.  business  meetings  can  take  place  anywhere,  anytime,  and  you  can  take  the  stress  out  of  the  logistics.  want  to  drive  more  productive  and  efficient  team  meetings?  harman  huddle  space  want  to  achieve  perfect  remote  meetings  with  improved  collaboration?  samsung  and  harman  have  joined  together  to  offer  revolutionary  huddle  room  solutions.  with  bestinclass  audio  and  video  conferencing  technology,  your  team  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays collaborative  and  productive,  even  if  theyre  spread  out  across  multiple  locations.  want  to  achieve  perfect  remote  meetings  with  improved  collaboration?  samsung  procare  device  protection  samsung  commercial  displays  offer  images  that  are  immersive  and  impactful.  keep  them  functioning  with  service  options  to  suit  any  enterprise  or  budget.  samsung  commercial  displays  offer  images  that  are  immersive  and  impactful.  keep  them  functioning  with  service  options  to  suit  any  enterprise  or  budget.  digital  signage  display  offers  samsung  tradeup  program  samsung  tradeup  program  trade  in  your  projector  trade  in  your  projector  resources  to  make  the  most  of  your  digital  signage  displays  contact  a  digital  signage
__label__interactivedisplays sales  expert  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  digital  signage  displays.  or  you  can  call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  digital  signage  displays.  or  you  can  call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  2019  samsung  electronics  america,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  samsung  is  a  registered  trademark  of  samsung  electronics  co.,  ltd.  all  products,  logos  and  brand  names  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.  screen  images  simulated.
__label__interactivedisplays valid  projector  manufacturers  include  nec,  epson,  casio,  panasonic.  inquire  about  specific  model  eligibility.  old  projectors  must  be  in  working  order  must  be  properly  packed  and  sent  back  to  anythingit.  projectors  subject  to  test/verification  fee  to  be  deducted  from  rebate  where  applicable.  recycling  and  rebate  provided  by  anythingit.  inquire  about  specific  model  eligibility  available  for  tradein.  eligible  models  are  any  commercial  display  above  55.  must  have  valid  proof  of  purchase  in  the  form  of  invoice  or  purchase  order  submission  must  be  made  within  30  days  of  purchase.  valid  for  purchases  from  6/1/201912/31/2019.  inquire  about  additional  eligible  large  format  displays.  select  continue
__label__interactivedisplays as  weve  covered  before,  the  world  of  smart  cities  wont  happen  overnight.  its  less  waking  up  to  a  utopian  city,  and  more  witnessing  a  slow  rollout  of  the  technology.  in  this  development,  which  should  hopefully  act  as  the  base  for  more  emergent  tech  to  build  on  top  of  the  framework.  as  such,  if  you  want  to  see  how  the  cities  of  tomorrow  will  look,  you  need  to  turn  away  from  smart  cars  and  automated  schools  and  look  more  toward  the  simple  developments.  for  instance,  trueform  digital  has  for  iotpowered  smart  city  displays.  as  far  as  a  display  goes,  theres  nothing
__label__interactivedisplays groundbreaking  about  what  they  show.  if  youve  ever  seen  an  interactive  display  in  a  shopping  mall,  youre  very  familiar  with  what  these  smart  displays  will  tell  you.  these  displays  are  already  being  rolled  out  in  london  and  help  the  public  in  making  decisions  on  where  they  need  to  go.  it  features  public  transport  routes  and  walking  paths  to  guide  people  through  the  city.  they  even  sport  usb  charging  and  wifi  hubs  for  people  who  need  to  connect.  what  makes  these  displays  notable,  however,  is  their  ability  to  talk  to  one  another.  these  displays  arent  just  dumb  devices  that  are  told
__label__interactivedisplays what  to  show  on  their  screens  they  actively  communicate  with  one  another  to  paint  a  better  picture  of  the  environment  theyre  in.  for  example,  if  these  displays  are  equipped  with  sensors  that  can  check  pedestrian  traffic,  then  heavilycongested  sidewalks  can  be  identified  by  a  nearby  display  and  beamed  to  its  neighbors.  this  information  gets  passed  around  the  network  until  every  display  is  informed.  then,  when  someone  queries  a  smart  board  for  a  fast  pedestrian  route  to  a  location,  the  board  can  inform  them  of  the  foot  traffic  and  redirect  them  elsewhere.  these  smart  displays,  if  they  live  up  to  their
__label__interactivedisplays claims,  could  change  how  we  interact  with  displays  in  general.  right  now,  theyre  efficient  as  dumb  displays  that  show  predetermined  content.  what  if  they  could  intelligently  gather  information  and  use  that  to  get  rid  of  a  lot  of  mundane  details?  a  display  could  be  in  a  shopping  mall,  where  you  could  locate  your  desired  store,  and  the  board  would  let  you  know  of  all  the  deals  going  on.  likewise,  you  could  tell  the  display  what  youre  shopping  for,  and  it  would  show  all  the  stores  that  have  it  in  stock.  perhaps  you  could  find  one  of  these  in  a  restaurant,
__label__interactivedisplays where  customers  meet  with  it  the  moment  they  walk  through  the  door.  people  could  set  the  number  of  people  and  their  orders,  then  press  a  button  to  be  automatically  taken  to  an  empty  table,  and  the  food  orders  would  be  beamed  to  the  kitchen.  food  thats  currently  unavailable  wouldnt  even  appear  on  the  menu,  reducing  the  frustration  of  ordering.  smart  boards  may  not  be  the  flying  autodriving  cars  that  the  future  may  hold,  but  theyre  a  step  towards  the  utopia  of  smart  cities.  should  they  be  successful,  we  might  eventually  interact  with  these  boards  as  a  normal  part  of  our
__label__interactivedisplays daily  lives.  what  do  you  think  of  these  boards?  are  they  innovative  or  a  waste  of  time?  let  us  know  below.  stay  updated  with  our  weekly  recap  of  the  latest  trends  in  iot  world.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  is  already  here,  but  it  is  still  in  its  infancy.  the  improvements  that  it  is  already  having  on  workplace  collaboration  are  apparent,  and  they  will  only  improve  in  the  coming  years.  learn  more  in  this  blog  post.  iot  is  growing  rapidly.  as  far  back  as  2008,  there  were  .  by  2022,  .  these  days,  fridges,  cars,  and  even  are  becoming  connected.  what  about  the  workplace?  there  is  one  area  in  particular  where  it  is  already  having  an  impact  workplace  collaboration.  indeed,  a  found  that  58  of  iot  adopters  said  that  iot  promoted  greater  collaboration  in  the  workplace.  in  this
__label__interactivedisplays blog  post,  well  look  at  the  impact  iot  is  having  on  collaboration,  along  with  ways  that  emerging  technologies  might  enhance  workplace  collaboration  in  the  future.  remote  work  is  becoming  increasingly  popular  due  to  the  .  improving  the  remote  work  experience  is  essential  when  it  comes  to  ensuring  better  collaboration  between  employees,  whether  they  are  located  in  different  cities  or  countries.  the  use  of  connected  devices  has  already  created  a  huge  impact  on  how  and  where  we  work.  employees  no  longer  have  to  share  a  physical  space  as  long  as  they  have  access  to  the  right  equipment.  when  you  combine  software
__label__interactivedisplays hosted  in  the  cloud,  enhanced  video  conferencing  via  the  latest  generation  of  interactive  displays,  and  the  proliferation  of  smart  devices  from  smartphones  to  smartwatches,  the  opportunities  for  remote  collaboration  will  increase  dramatically.  for  instance,  by  owl  labs  provides  a  fascinating  solution  to  help  remote  workers  feel  more  included  during  inperson  meetings.  this  owl  shaped  device  sits  in  the  middle  of  a  conference  room  table  and  gives  remote  workers  dialing  in  a  360degree  view  of  the  conference  room.  things  are  getting  even  more  exciting  with  developments  that  are  being  made  in  a  technology  that  is  still  in  its  infancy:  robotics.  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  company  that  manufacturers  telepresence  robots  that  are  designed  to  provide  a  remote  mobile  presence  in  the  workspace.  the  mobile  robots  can  move  around  remote  locations,  enabling  a  manager  to  sit  in  an  office  on  the  other  side  of  the  world  while  interacting  with  staff  in  a  different  location.  the  ability  to  make  screens  mobile  is  taking  video  conferencing  to  the  next  level,  and  it  could  also  have  a  huge  impact  on  how  teams  communicate  with  each  other  in  remote  locations.  one  area  where  iot  is  already  having  a  significant  impact  is  in  meetings.  collaboration  is  essential  to  the  success
__label__interactivedisplays of  any  meeting,  and  iot  is  improving  meeting  spaces  to  provide  greater  opportunities  for  collaboration.  for  example,  the  latest  generation  of  interactive  displays  is  simplifying  the  meeting  space  by  providing  an  allinone  solution.  these  often  come  with  highperformance  cameras  and  farfield  microphone  arrays  to  improve  video  conferences.  but  they  go  beyond  this.  iot  sensors  included  in  the  displays  provide  management  with  new  opportunities  to  gather  feedback  on  meeting  spaces.  these  sensors  can  be  used  to  gather  environmental  data  like  room  temperature  and  provide  that  data  directly  back  to  managers.  they  can  then  use  this  data  to  make  realtime  improvements  to
__label__interactivedisplays ensure  the  meeting  room  environment  is  as  comfortable  as  possible.  the  increased  number  of  smartphones  and  other  smart  wearable  devices  are  also  having  an  impact  on  meetings.  now,  attendees  can  collaborate  more  efficiently  by  sharing  information  from  their  devices  directly  with  a  central  display.  smartphones  and  tablets  can  link  up  with  the  displays,  providing  a  seamless  way  to  share  feedback  and  ideas  to  enhance  collaboration.  one  of  the  most  noticeable  benefits  that  iot  will  introduce  is  the  improvements  that  will  be  made  to  the  physical  workplace.  the  smart  office  is  well  on  its  way  to  becoming  a  reality.  as  such,
__label__interactivedisplays the  way  that  we  interact  with  the  office  environment  will  change.  from  air  conditioning  units  that  know  the  perfect  temperature  based  on  the  personal  preferences  of  workers,  to  printers  that  automatically  order  new  ink  cartridges,  iot  is  going  to  have  a  huge  impact.  but  how  will  this  improve  collaboration  in  the  workplace?  iot  sensors  will  be  able  to  gather  large  amounts  of  data  on  every  aspect  of  the  office  environment.  this  data  gathered  from  daytoday  operations  can  be  used  to  make  numerous  improvements.  for  example,  smart  sensors  can  be  used  to  provide  data  on  when  particular  rooms  are  occupied  the
__label__interactivedisplays most  and  where  employees  spend  most  of  their  time  at  work.  this  information  could  be  used  in  multiple  ways,  such  as  improving  the  scheduling  of  meetings.  using  such  data,  when  a  manager  has  to  schedule  a  meeting  quickly,  they  could  receive  an  instant  notification  for  which  meeting  room  is  the  most  convenient  based  on  the  attendees  locations  and  preferences.  it  may  still  sound  futuristic,  but  the  reality  is  not  far  off.  another  area  where  iot  is  having  a  big  impact  is  automation.  as  more  devices  start  to  talk  to  each  other,  this  will  inevitably  remove  the  need  for  workers  to
__label__interactivedisplays exert  energy  on  repetitive  and  timeconsuming  tasks,  therefore  reducing  their  workload.  this  will  lead  to  greater  efficiency  in  the  workplace  by  freeing  up  employees  to  focus  on  more  complex  tasks.  with  more  time  to  talk,  discuss  and  share  ideas,  this  will  inevitably  lead  to  more  opportunities  for  collaboration.  iot  is  already  here,  but  it  is  still  in  its  infancy.  the  improvements  that  it  is  already  having  on  workplace  collaboration  are  apparent,  and  they  will  only  improve  in  the  coming  years.  who  knows  where  the  combination  of  enhanced  virtual  reality,  technological  innovations,  and  5g  internet  will  lead  us  in  the  next
__label__interactivedisplays few  years?  its  easy  to  assume  that  as  iot  becomes  more  prevalent,  it  will  lead  to  improvements  in  every  area  of  the  workplace,  improving  collaboration  even  further.  make  possible  302  northgate  mall  dr.  unit  2040  hixson,  tn  37343
__label__interactivedisplays there  are  few  things  as  attentiongrabbing  as  a  large,  colorful  digital  display.  driven  by  the  internet  of  things  technologies,  applications  in  the  digital  signage  industry  are  expanding  rapidly.  this  is  partly  because  the  capabilities  for  delivering  rich  imagery  and  engaging  content  have  taken  great  leaps,  technologically.  another  factor  is  that  the  potential  applications  for  digital  signage  have  taken  off,  fueled  by  those  new  capabilities,  lower  costs  for  highdefinition  displays,  and  imagination  for  whats  possible.  and  finally,  an  increased  need  for  onthego  information  continues  to  spur  the  development  of  methodologies  for  delivering  that  information.  from  traditional  outdoor  displays  to  indoor  signage
__label__interactivedisplays for  airports  and  other  heavytraffic  venues,  virtual  customer  service  applications  and  video  walls,  the  opportunities  are  endless  for  providing  real  time  information  paired  with  eye  catching  graphics.  some  of  the  many  different  iotbased  applications  and  use  cases  for  digital  signage  include:  welcome  messaging  can  even  include  virtual  greeters,  as  we  will  see  in  our  digital  signage  application  examples  below  fromour  customer  case  studies.  digi  works  with  many  different  customers  and  partners,  from  development  groups  in  large  organizations  to  systems  integrators  to  startups  and  entrepreneurial  application  developers.  our  customer  case  studies  are  just  as  diverse,  including  one  digital  signage  customer  who
__label__interactivedisplays preferred  not  to  be  named.  recently,  a  fullservice  media  company  in  the  digital  outofhome  dooh  advertising  space  reached  out  to  digi  international.  the  company  specializes  in  delivering  dynamic  interactive  media  for  hightraffic  locations.  monster  medias  displays  appear  worldwide  in  storefronts,  conventions,  sporting  events,  hotels,  entertainment  venues,  transit  system  stations  and  city  buses.  additionally,  the  company  carries  out  interactive  campaigns  with  such  clients  as  cocacola,  hbo,  the  walt  disney  company  and  universal  studios.  the  company  needed  a  connectivity  solution  that  would  provide  reliable,  quality  service.  wifi  connections  proved  to  be  problematic  due  to  reliability  issues.  internet  connections  can  easily  become  overloaded
__label__interactivedisplays and  unreliable.  additionally,  security  is  always  a  concern  with  wifi  connections.  wired  lan  connections  were  ruled  out  due  the  high  costs  of  landline  installations,  and  the  lack  of  scalability.  the  ideal  solution  was  cellular,  for  several  key  reasons:  customers  seeking  cellular  solutions  from  digi  now  have  an  added  benefit:  a  new  generation  of  routers  that  can  simultaneously  support  multiple  digital  signs  as  a  more  costeffective  choice.  monster  media  equipped  every  station  with  a  connected  via  a  verizon  cellular  network.  from  their  network  operation  center,  monster  media  runs  a  digi  vpn  concentrator  to  all  of  their  displays  for  secure  connectivity  to
__label__interactivedisplays their  assets.  with  the  digi  wr21  and  digi  remote  manager  in  place,  the  company  can  monitor  the  health  of  their  platforms  around  the  world  and  remotely  update  their  signage  at  any  time.  with  the  solution  in  place,  the  company  can  easily  manage  thousands  of  cellular  connected  media  displays  with  a  secure  connection.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  is  an  innovative  company  that  develops  holographic  greeters  for  a  range  of  applications  designed  to  enhance  visitor  and  customer  experience:  the  holograms  are  multilingual,  and  the  company  has  also  added  american  sign  language.  prsonas  smart  virtual  presenters  use  artificial  intelligence  and  computergenerated  visual  technologies
__label__interactivedisplays to  interact  with  customers  and  deliver  marketing  messages,  provide  customer  support,  and  perform  transactions  anywhere,  anytime  and  in  any  language.  the  holograms  can  be  integrated  with  interactive  signage  where  users  can  make  selections  or  enter  data  such  as  their  email  address;  the  holograms  can  automatically  follow  up  with  the  prospective  customer  via  email  once  the  interaction  is  complete.  one  of  the  greatest  difficulties  psronas  had  early  on  was  reliable  connectivity.  because  the  technology  is  designed  for  real  time  interactivity,  issues  such  as  downtime  and  slow  connections  were  not  an  option.  when  installing  their  holograms  at  enterprise  sites,  they  found  the
__label__interactivedisplays sales  process  could  become  bogged  down  as  they  tried  to  connect  to  the  customer  wifi.  the  companys  security  policies  and  firewalls  sometimes  prevented  a  successful  installation,  derailing  their  sales  opportunities.  prsonas  worked  with  digi  to  identify  the  right  connectivity  solution,  and  chose  the  ,  a  cellular  router  that  provides  4g  lte  for  iot  applications.  excellent  bandwidth  and  reliable  connectivity  were  key  objectives  to  ensure  the  holograms  perform  optimally.  additionally,  the  company  wanted  to  provide  remote  updates.  we  rely  on  digis  wr11  for  remote  access  to  any  prsonas  unit  in  the  field,  said  david  rose,  chief  executive  officer  of  prsonas.  we
__label__interactivedisplays can  push  any  software  update  or  perform  basic  troubleshooting  and  support  from  our  location.  some  of  these  updates  can  be  very  large,  so  we  need  lots  of  fast  and  reliable  bandwidth.  and  since  all  of  our  presentation  is  cgi,  not  shot  on  greenscreen  video,  we  can  change  offers  and  the  user  experience  ondemand.  were  constantly  sending  new  updates  and  we  can  push  those  over  the  cloud  in  less  than  a  minute.  leightronix  provides  solutions  for  managing  media,  including  digital  video  solutions,  videoondemand  web  streaming  media  and  remote  equipment  control.  sign  owners  want  to  be  able  to  efficiently  update  and  manage
__label__interactivedisplays their  digital  signage  remotely,  from  a  centralized  location.  ensuring  that  they  had  reliable  connectivity  for  those  tasks  was  an  enormous  challenge.  depending  on  the  locations,  and  even  the  type  of  industry,  the  barriers  can  be  significant.  for  instance,  explained  david  leighton,  president  and  ceo  of  leightronix,  retailers  need  to  comply  with  the  pci  payment  card  interface  standard,  which  restricts  the  traffic  they  allow  onto  their  networks.  others  simply  have  a  policy  of  not  allowing  any  outside  traffic  on  their  wifi  networks.  that  meant  we  had  to  find  a  way  to  create  our  own  private  network  to  update  and  manage  signage.
__label__interactivedisplays leightronix  initially  used  digi  for  cellular  routers  to  provide  costeffective  4g  lte  connections.  the  company  then  expanded  to  include  connectivity  with  .  these  flexible,  precertified  radio  modules  are  easy  to  deploy,  and  make  it  possible  to  switch  between  multiple  frequencies  and  wireless  protocols  as  needed.  additionally,  theyare  integrated  with  ,  which  enables  easy  configuration  and  control  from  a  management  dashboard.  with  the  digi  xbee  cellular  modules  embedded  in  its  digital  signs,  leightronix  can  offer  a  dropin,  endtoend  solution  to  customers  that  provides  fast,  costeffective  cellular  updates  and  the  ability  to  fully  manage  their  signage.  to  get  the  help  you  need,
__label__interactivedisplays learn  how  iot  solutions  are  disrupting  retail,  bringing  brickandmortar  shops  and  ecommerce  closer  to  each  other.  the  retail  industry  is  being  revolutionized  by  online  shopping  and  the  internet  of  things  has  the  potential  to  pick  the  best  from  ecommerce  and  bring  it  to  brickandmortar  stores.  in  this  article  we  look  at  four  ways  that  the  iot  is  disrupting  retail:  fully  automated  stores  use  a  variety  of  iot  technologies  to  allow  customers  to  walk  into  a  store,  pick  up  the  items  they  wish  to  buy,  and  simply  walk  out  again.  payment  is  processed  automatically  and  the  customer  gets  a  receipt  on
__label__interactivedisplays their  phone  as  they  exit  the  store.  is  the  large  player  in  this  field,  with  ,  and  with  more  to  come  in  places  such  as  .  there  are  also  startups  that  aim  to  take  on  the  amazon  behemoth,  such  as  and  .  the  technology  behind  fully  automated  stores  relies  heavily  on  full  camera  coverage  of  the  store,  combined  with  advanced  computer  vision  and  facial  recognition  technologies,  to  keep  track  of  each  individual  as  they  move  around  the  stores.  shelf  monitoring  systems  monitor  the  goods  on  the  shelves  and  makes  sure  that  there  is  always  enough  items  on  the  shelves.  the
__label__interactivedisplays camera  tracking  and  shelf  monitors  are  synchronized  so  that  each  customer  gets  the  right  item  into  their  virtual  shopping  carts.  many  customers  are  unhappy  about  being  constantly  filmed  throughout  their  shopping  experience,  so  stores  are  exploring  other  ways  to  understand  how  their  customers  behave  in  their  stores.  if  a  store  is  able  to  better  understand  the  intent  of  their  customers,  the  store  may  present  more  interesting  items  to  their  customers.  this  brings  better  value  for  the  customers  and  higher  sales  for  the  stores.  customer  behavior  can  be  understood  through  analyzing  the  movement  of  people  through  the  stores  and  by  making
__label__interactivedisplays customers  press  buttons.  examples  of  players  in  this  field  include  customer  satisfaction  buttons  from  and  as  well  as  more  elaborate  techniques  such  as  tracking  customers  wifi  fingerprints  or  .  physical  stores  rely  on  their  shelves  being  stocked  with  items  and  the  iot  helps  keeping  track  of  the  shelves.  are  an  essential  part  of  automated  stores,  but  have  found  use  for  traditional  stores  as  well.  solutions  include  shelves  with  builtin  scales  that  weigh  the  items  on  the  shelves  and  sensors  that  track  if  items  move  on  the  shelves.  smart  shelf  solutions  not  only  senses  the  items  on  the  shelves,  but  often
__label__interactivedisplays also  includes  electronic  price  labels  that  allow  the  price  tags  to  always  show  the  correct  price  from  the  item  database.  some  solutions  also  promise  to  allow  customers  to  use  their  smartphones  to  communicate  with  the  shelf  labels,  to  display  additional  information  such  as  nutritional  labels  directly  on  the  phone.  examples  of  iot  solutions  for  smart  shelves  and  retail  include  ,  ,  and  .  even  something  as  dull  as  the  barcodes  can  be  made  exciting  with  the  iot.  has  partnered  with  the  smart  retail  company  to  allow  customers  in  their  new  york  flagship  store  to  take  photos  of  the  barcodes  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  shoes  inside  the  store  to  get  further  information  about  each  shoe.  because  customers  are  urged  to  interact  with  instore  items  via  their  smartphones,  the  stores  can  infer  information  about  customer  intent,  thereby  allowing  better  targeted  information  and  tailored  offers  for  each  individual  customer.  new  and  exciting  internet  of  things  technologies  has  the  potential  to  disrupt  brickandmortar  retail,  but  also  to  bring  the  best  of  online  shopping  and  ecommerce  into  the  traditional  retail  world.  fully  automated  stores  are  the  extreme  end,  and  many  of  the  technologies  developed  for  fully  automated  shopping  is  also  used  in  traditional  stores  to  improve  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  market  value  of  this  solution  is  projected  to  reach  457  billion  in  2020,  and  it  might  seem  like  some  enterprises  are  .  although  there  are  some  iot  device  ,  iot  is  being  embraced  by  companies  across  several  industries.  here  are  seven  use  cases  of  iot  within  different  sectors.  in  the  healthcare  sector,  the  possibilities  with  iot  are  endless.  the  use  of  iotenabled  has  already  taken  the  industry  by  storm.  although  there  are  some  security  risks  with  these  devices,  the  benefits  outweigh  them.  iot  is  also  a  major  component  behind  the  rise  of  telemedicine  or  telehealth,  in  which  medical  professionals
__label__interactivedisplays can  stay  in  contact  and  monitor  long  distance  patients.  in  addition,  hospitals  are  leveraging  this  technology  to  track  patients  and  staff,  and  the  technology  is  being  used  to  reduce  wait  times  in  the  emergency  room.  just  as  iot  has  practical  applications  in  a  home  kitchen,  there  also  uses  that  can  be  leveraged  in  a  and  on  the  front  end  of  restaurants.  the  restaurant  industry  is  using  iot  to  streamline  communication,  lower  costs,  and  improve  worker  safety.  display  systems  can  replace  receipt  printers,  which  eliminates  some  lag  time.  smart  refrigerators  monitor  when  foods  spoil,  and  smart  ovens  can  determine  when  parts
__label__interactivedisplays need  to  be  replaced  before  they  break.  educational  institutions  stand  to  benefit  from  numerous  iot  applications.  schools  are  harnessing  iot  to  enhance  more  interactive  webbased  learning  capabilities  so  that  students  can  go  beyond  just  whats  in  the  textbook.  educators  are  using  this  technology  to  store  vital  records,  such  as  grades  and  attendance,  which  reduces  the  time  it  takes  to  find  that  data.  more  importantly,  it  is  being  used  for  additional  school  security,  with  iotenabled  communication  systems  that  warn  students  about  potential  emergencies.  despite  regulatory  compliances  in  the  sector,  the  financial  services  industry  appears  to  be  embracing  iot.  a  2018  report
__label__interactivedisplays from  marketsandmarkets.com  predicted  that  iot  in  financial  services  will  be  valued  at  over  ,  and  there  are  current  use  cases  that  are  making  its  away  around  the  industry.  insurance  companies  are  using  telematics  to  foresee  and  calculate  potential  hazards  that  might  lead  to  a  claim  from  a  customer.  banks  are  experimenting  with  iotenabled  security  systems,  including  in  atms,  to  prevent  theft.  the  technology  can  also  be  leveraged  to  gather  additional  data  about  customers,  providing  more  personalized  offers.  although  it  is  welldocumented  that  machinetomachine  communication  can  lower  household  energy  costs,  it  can  also  redefine  the  entire  energy  sector.  instead  of  relying
__label__interactivedisplays on  legacy  equipment,  energy  companies  are  leveraging  smart  grids  that  can  improve  security,  capture  data/analytics,  and  allow  for  quicker  restoration  after  power  failures.  additionally,  a  smart  grid  could  lower  our  carbon  footprint  by  managing  energy  consumption,  and  it  could  diminish  the  use  of  carbon  emissions.  iot  is  transforming  the  way  the  retail  market  operates.  in  the  front  of  the  store,  there  are  new  for  customers.  this  solution  decreases  the  time  that  workers  would  have  spent  as  a  cashier,  and  instead  allows  them  to  focus  on  business  needs  and  opportunities.  there  are  also  iot  applications  in  the  back  half  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays store.  smart  shelves  track  products  to  see  which  items  the  store  is  running  low  on,  and  determines  if  an  item  has  been  misplaced.  the  technology  also  improves  security  by  reducing  potential  theft.  thanks  to  iot,  workers  in  retail  are  more  productive  and  stores  are  reducing  some  labor  costs.  out  of  all  of  the  industries  that  are  embracing  iot  applications,  manufacturing  might  potentially  serve  as  one  of  the  best  examples.  manufacturers  are  currently  using  iot  to  during  the  entire  process.  with  this  solution,  manufacturers  have  been  able  to  track  all  of  the  events  across  a  supply  chain.  inventory  is  being  traced
__label__interactivedisplays down  to  each  individual  component,  and  that  data  collected  from  iot  devices  allows  manufacturers  to  gage  the  quality  of  each  item.  the  technology  can  also  help  with  aspects  such  as  packaging  and  improving  worker  safety.  this  article  was  originally  published  on  .  04  06  may,  2020  intercontinental  sanctuary  cove  resort,  gold  coast  insights  from  the  worlds  foremost  thought  leaders  delivered  to  your  inbox.  20191120  01:00  pm  02:00  pm  est  20191029  12:00  pm  01:00  pm  est  20191001  03:00  pm  04:00  pm  gmt  by  by  by  by  by  by  by  by  reach  digitalization  professionals  through  costeffective  marketing  opportunities  to  deliver  your  message,
__label__interactivedisplays position  yourself  as  a  thought  leader,  and  introduce  new  products,  techniques  and  strategies  to  the  market.  join  enterprise  digitalization  today  and  interact  with  a  vibrant  network  of  professionals,  keeping  up  to  date  with  the  industry  by  accessing  our  wealth  of  articles,  videos,  live  conferences  and  more.  enterprise  digitalization,  a  division  of  we  respect  your  privacy,  by  clicking  subscribe  you  agree  to  receive  our  enewsletter,  including  information  on  podcasts,  webinars,  event  discounts  and  online  learning  opportunities.  for  further  information  on  how  we  process  and  monitor  your  personal  data  click  .  you  can  at  anytime.
__label__interactivedisplays comqis  engage  media  player  supports  touch  screens  in  multiple  form  factors  from  standalone  touch  screens  with  separate  media  players  to  allinone  units  such  as  tablets  and  shelfedge  displays.  interactive  applications  can  be  built  using  the  engage  html5  framework  which  accelerates  the  creation  of  applications  while  supplying  access  to  local  content  and  data,  site  configuration  data,  and  the  local  player  web  services  api.  the  engage  html5  framework  provides  full  access  to  content,  data,  site  configuration,  events  and  peripherals  on  the  engage  player.  in  the  consumer  application  shown  below,  for  instance,  engage  is  used  as  a  cms  to  provide  bundles  of  content
__label__interactivedisplays to  an  interactive  applications.  thumbnails  and  descriptions  can  be  are  associated  with  media  assets.  content  can  be  assigned  to  a  site  using  various  association  mechanisms  accessed  via  web  services,  or  published  manually  through  the  auxiliary  zone  feature  of  engage  programs.  the  application  is  customized  using  player  variables,  and  all  access  to  content  and  data  is  made  through  the  players  html5  framework.  specialized  features  such  as  content  carousels,  popups,  and  virtual  keyboards,  make  applications  such  as  product  catalogues,  endless  aisle,  wayfinding,  employee  hr,  and  guest  signs  easily  delivered.  powering  large  lcd,  led  or  projectorbased  video  walls  is  an  easy  outofthebox  capability
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  engage  cms  platform.  video  walls  are  engaging  installations  for  brand  reinforcement,  messaging  and  entertainment.  engage  can  power  video  walls  of  up  to  twelve  1080p  lcd  screens  from  a  single  media  player.  the  screens  of  a  video  wall  can  be  arranged  in  a  variety  of  layouts,  including  horizontal  and  vertical  rectangles  or  strips.  the  video  wall  can  run  a  single  large  zone  the  covers  all  of  the  screens,  or  divided  into  multiple  zones  of  independent  content  playback.  when  multiple  zones  are  employed,  the  player  can  be  configured  to  periodically  synchronize  two  or  more  zones  of  content.  video  walls,  like
__label__interactivedisplays other  engage  player  configurations,  can  also  be  synchronized  with  other  media  players  to  support  whole  store  takeover  and  other  spectacles.  engage  menu  enables  users  to  quickly  and  easily  create  high  quality  digital  menus,  promo  and  price  boards.  the  template  driven  system  enables  users  to  create  a  library  of  reusable  menu  items  and  to  utilize  them  across  a  variety  of  different  menus.  engage  menus  can  integrate  images,  video  and  animation.  customers  can  select  from  a  variety  of  prebuilt  menu  templates  or  create  their  own.  the  engage  menu  system  also  features  a  powerful  scheduling  tool  that  enables  the  creation  of  menus  that
__label__interactivedisplays change  based  on  the  time  of  day,  day  of  week,  or  within  a  specific  date  range.  engages  technology  features  a  full  webservices  api  through  which  pricing  and  inventory  can  be  adjusted  on  a  per  store  basis  to  ensure  that  the  right  items  are  promoted  at  the  right  price.  the  data  format  stored  for  each  menu  item  is  customizable,  enabling  the  creation  of  menus  that  feature,  for  instance,  regionspecific  nutritional  labelling.  think  of  all  the  activities  and  actions  around  your  store  or  venue  every  day.  the  comqi  cms  platform  makes  it  possible  to  serve  content  based  on  realtime  listening  to  those
__label__interactivedisplays events,  from  touching  a  screen  or  taping  a  phone  to  bringing  in  a  data  feed  or  changing  the  state  of  a  store  systems.  here  are  some  of  the  amazing  ways  that  engage  is  being  used:  digital  displays  around  stores  are  easily  programmed  to  run  specific  content  by  location  within  the  store  and  time  of  day.  but  using  the  engage  cms,  retailers  can  also  drive  sales  promotions,  brand  launches  and  special  greetings  using  whole  store  takeover  programming.  imagine  the  visual  impact  of  every  screen  in  a  store  magically  switching  to  one  or  a  series  of  related  messages  comqi  paved  the  way
__label__interactivedisplays for  interplayer  synchronization,  first  deploying  synchronized  screens  along  the  escalators  of  the  london  underground  in  2007.  engage  players  within  a  local  network  can  have  their  playback  synchronized  either  all  the  time  or  periodically  to  implement  attention  grabbing  and  memorable  visual  experiences.  engages  video  on  demand  capability  can  be  used  to  maximize  your  digital  signage  investment  by  storing,  training,  demonstrating  and  assessing  other  content  on  your  media  players  on  demand.  it  is  an  easyto  use  web  based  application  that  allows  you  to  control  your  digital  signage  playlists  from  any  location  using  your  smartphone,  pc,  tablet  and  more.  all  you  need  is
__label__interactivedisplays internet  access  and  the  vod  username  and  password  for  full  control  over  your  screen  to  play,  pause,  stop  and  switch  from  one  playlist  to  another.  engage  music  provides  a  means  by  which  you  can  leverage  your  digital  signage  investment  to  provide  rightscleared  background  audio  simultaneously  with  your  digital  signage  content  using  the  same  hardware.  engage  music  is  a  subscription  service  in  which  you  select  a  mix  of  musical  genres  most  appropriate  to  the  location,  configure  it  to  change  based  on  time  of  day  and  day  of  week,  and  let  the  engage  media  player  create  an  audio  mix  to  create  the
__label__interactivedisplays we  use  cookies  to  improve  our  site  and  your  experience.  by  continuing  to  browse  our  site,  you  accept  our  cookie  policy.  learn  how  to  deliver  more  effective  content  to  digital  signage  and  displays  using  the  telenor  connexion  global  sim  solution.  around  the  world,  there  is  a  growing  demand  for  digital  displays  that  deliver  highresolution  content  in  shops,  restaurants  and  public  spaces.  with  fleets  of  displays  spread  over  wide  distances,  digital  signage  service  integrators  need  a  solution  to  improve  processes,  increase  roi  and  capture  new  business  opportunities.  instead  of  using  limited  and  often  troublesome  lan  and  wifi  connections,  delivering  content  to
__label__interactivedisplays displays  over  cellular  networks  has  become  increasingly  attractive  as  those  networks  continue  to  mature.  sim  cards  embedded  in  media  players  make  it  possible  to  connect  digital  displays  to  cellular  broadband  networks  as  easily  as  connecting  your  phone.  plug  and  play  display  explore  the  future  of  iot  and  digital  signage.  by  empowering  media  players  with  sim  cards,  digital  displays  can  be  installed  anywhere  in  the  world  where  cellular  networks  exist.  rather  than  buying  a  separate  sim  card  solution  in  each  market,  the  telenor  connexion  global  sim  gives  digital  signage  integrators  access  to  telenors  worldwide  network,  supported  by  dedicated  internet  of  things
__label__interactivedisplays iot  connectivity  experts.  with  the  telenor  global  sim,  service  integrators  can  reliably  manage  and  deliver  content  around  the  world,  with  the  power  to  adjust  content  on  individual  displays.  the  end  result  is  increased  control  of  the  communications  chain,  reduced  installation  and  service  costs,  and  easier  fulfilment  of  service  level  agreements  slas  with  endcustomers.  will  provide  a  quick  overview  of  the  digital  signage  market  today,  and  explain  how  digital  signage  service  integrators  can  achieve  a  mobile  plug  and  play  solution  using  telenor  connexion  global  sims.  we  also  explore  how  firstview,  a  global  digital  signage  provider  headquartered  in  finland,  are  scaling  their
__label__interactivedisplays offerings  with  the  telenor  connexion  global  sim  card  solution.  the  digital  signage  solution  provider  firstview  is  speeding  up  their  global  expansion  with  help  from  the  telenor  connexion  global  sim  solution.  iot  is  transforming  the  utilities  industry,  from  smart  meters  that  share  valuable  data  and  create  direct  contact  with  customers,  to  smart  grids.  iot  is  also  critical  to  optimize  the  efficiency  of  city  operations  and  services  for  citizens.  explore  our  iot  solutions  for  utilities  smart  cities.
__label__interactivedisplays telia  removes  barriers  for  smart  grids  by  enabling  massive  cellular  iot  for  millions  of  smart  meters.  regional  mobile  operators  in  asia  pacific  unite  to  build  a  unified  platform  for  enterprises  to  access  the  global  iot  ecosystem.  china  telecom  enables  400  and  counting  enterprises  to  deploy,  control  and  scale  iot  device  management  with  more  than  10  million  provisioned  connections.  coveted  car  brand,  borgward,  uses  orange  connectivity  management  to  revolutionize  its  entry  into  new  regions  and  offer  global  connected  car  services.  driving  innovation  in  water  technology  with  global  connectivity  delivered  from  iot  accelerator,  grundfos  can  now  deliver  valuable  actionable  insights  to  their
__label__interactivedisplays customers.  in  china,  we  connected  the  worlds  first  iot  factoryautomating  and  streamlining  production,  showing  the  benefits  that  massive  iot  are  worth  investing  in.  getting  connected  healthcare  devices  on  the  global  market  requires  an  ecosystem  of  operator  and  enterprise  partners.  ericsson  and  lynk  co  are  collaborating  on  a  cloudbased  solution  with  endless  opportunities  to  personalize,  enrich  and  expand  the  automobile  experience.  ericssons  connected  mangroves  project,  combines  cloud,  machinetomachine  and  mobile  broadband  to  help  the  local  community  in  selangor,  malaysia,  to  better  manage  the  growth  of  new  mangrove  saplings.  the  smart  manufacturing  project  is  enabling  martin  friis  and  his  team  at  skfs
__label__interactivedisplays worldclass  factory  to  radically  transform  manufacturing,  and  provide  competitive  advantage  by  introducing  fundamental  changes  to  the  way  industries  operate.  we  engage  and  embrace  open  iot  ecosystems  with  our  cellular  knowledge  and  capabilities,  to  make  iot  easy  to  adopt,  use  and  scale  ericsson  are  proud  to  provide  services  and  technology  that  help  make  industry  and  technology  collaborations  work.  ericsson  is  one  of  the  key  partners  of  drive  sweden  a  strategic  innovation  program  launched  by  the  swedish  government  that  gathers  the  best  in  the  area  from  all  sectors  of  society.  do  you  have  an  iot  challenge  that  youd  like  to  discuss?were  here
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  modern  consumers  attention  being  pulled  in  multiple  directions  at  once,  retailers  and  enterprises  have  to  change  the  way  they  engage  their  customers  if  they  want  to  stay  competitive  in  the  digital  marketplace.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  transforming  the  way  that  companies  connect  with  consumers  through  advertising.  smart  signage  solutions  allow  companies  to  deliver  more  targeted  ad  campaigns  and  dynamic  marketing  based  on  realtime,  geographic  data.  digital  signage  allows  brands  and  enterprises  to  deliver  tailored  messaging  to  target  audiences  in  realtime.  smart  signage  solutions  make  it  easier,  quicker,  and  more  cost  effective  for  organizations  to  provide  consumers
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  information  they  need  when  they  need  it:  from  getting  the  word  out  about  new  product  promotions  to  advertising  upcoming  events,  there  are  several  applications  for  iotenabled  digital  signage  that  can  help  your  company  improve  targeted  messaging  and  enhance  customer  engagement:  digital  signage  solutions  require  that  are  built  for  iot.  from  reliable  connectivity  management  to  expert  advice  and  technical  support,  telit  can  provide  everything  you  need  to  get  your  custom  digital  signage  technology  to  market  faster.  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__interactivedisplays much  in  the  same  way  cities  are  developing  smart  digital  kiosk  networks  to  connect  modernizeurban  infrastructure,  so  too  are  mixeduse  developments  leveraging  iottechnologies  to  promote  guest  engagement  and  elevate  the  visitor  experience  in  their  own  city  within  a  city.  the  mixeduse  development  is  seeing  a  resurgence  in  popularity  as  todays  consumer  shows  a  strong  preference  tolive,  work,  and  play  in  close  proximity.  these  densely  populated  and  high  foottraffic  urban  areasare  exactly  the  type  of  venuemedia  companies  and  their  advertising  partners  look  for  in  developing  digital  signage  networks.  leaders  in  placebased  digitaladvertising  networks  across  cities  and  mixedused  developments  leverage  boldvu  display
__label__interactivedisplays technology.  interactive  kiosks  in  mixeduse  developments  are  used  in  a  number  of  creative  ways  to  accomplish  a  broad  range  of  objectives.  check  out  some  of  the  interesting  use  cases  for  digital  kiosks  in  mixeduse  environments.  brands  are  using  interactive  campaigns  to  do  things  like  superimpose  a  photo  of  a  user  into  a  movie  poster.  kiosks  offer  a  unique  opportunity  to  create  a  positive  impression  with  a  personal  touch.  kiosks  can  be  connected  to  a  variety  of  applications  to  display  things  like  weather,  news,  movie  times,  transit  schedules,  and  other  time  sensitive  information,  just  to  make  things  easier  and  more  convenient.
__label__interactivedisplays especially  for  users  unfamiliar  with  their  surroundings,  interactive  wayfinding  with  points  of  interest  and  maps  integration  have  high  utility  and  are  a  core  use  case  for  informational  kiosks.  nobody  likes  to  wait  when  waiting  can  be  avoided.  arm  users  with  the  ability  to  selfserve,  cut  lines,  and  find  relevant  information  at  their  own  pace.  streamline  dissemination  of  emergency  information  and  allow  users  to  reach  out  for  help  when  it  is  needed  most.  with  location  aware  kiosks,  every  moment  spared  is  worth  it.  digitalkioskspowered  by  boldvu  achieve  technical  and  commercial  success  for  3  main  reasons:  interested  in  boldvu  ?  let  us
__label__interactivedisplays get  in  touch:  its  impossible  to  guess  5gs  killer  app.  but  it  is  being  designed  for  some  critical  business  innovations.  find  the  ones  that  will  matter  to  your  business.  search  by  industry,  use  case  category  or  just  browse.  making  virtual  reality  as  good  as  reality  let  your  assets  track  themselves  selfcontrolled  robotics  cars  that  drive  with  no  driver  dedicated  5g  coverage  where  its  needed  most  keeping  patients  alive  with  communication  providing  the  emergency  services  with  comms  broadband,  everywhere  look  ma,  no  wires  using  5g  to  replace  a  wireline  connection  fast  internet,  even  when  traveling  fast  bringing  healthcare  into  the  home
__label__interactivedisplays improving  road  efficiency  through  swarm  intelligence  know  your  state  of  health  on  the  move  realtime  remotecontrol  robotics  smart  robots  work  better  together  monitoring  and  controlling  the  flow  of  energy  making  home  life  better  through  sensors  a  doctors  appointment  from  thousands  of  miles  away  an  internet  you  can  feel.  in  real  time  making  the  most  of  the  incar  multimedia  experience  attend  that  meeting  from  another  country  calling,  texting,  surfing  all  from  a  watch  or  pair  of  glasses  freeing  industry  from  all  the  wires  no  results.  5gs  going  to  enable  some  seriously  transformative  innovation.  but  its  also  going  to  improve  the  things
__label__interactivedisplays we  already  do.  until  now,  cellular  connectivity  hasnt  been  able  to  match  broadbands  performance.  you  would  have  to  choose  between  great  speeds  and  great  mobility.  5g  is  going  to  surpass  what  we  currently  think  of  as  good  connectivity.  and  its  going  to  be  mobile.  see  what  autonomous  mobile  robots,  digital  twins  and  industrial  augmented  reality  could  mean  for  your  future  industrial  work.  find  out  how  robotic  surgery,  remote  patient  monitoring  and  asset  monitoring  will  help  your  patients  live  longer,  healthier  lives  and  help  you  deliver  better  care  at  lower  costs.  fridges  that  take  care  of  themselves,  devices  that  keep  lone
__label__interactivedisplays workers  safe  and  a  new  way  to  do  room  service  meet  iot  for  hospitality.  see  how  inventory  management,  pointofsale  systems  and  the  customer  experience  are  evolving  with  iot.  see  what  video  surveillance  and  analytics,  connected  vehicles  and  smart  meters  mean  for  tomorrows  cities.  discover  how  office  utilization,  virtual  reality  for  meetings  and  connected  office  equipment  are  about  to  change  the  way  your  teams  work.  see  how  smarter  asset  tracking,  fleet  management  and  driversafety  solutions  will  make  work  easier,  faster  and  safer  for  your  teams.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  a  long  time  coming,  but  with  5g  were  going
__label__interactivedisplays to  see  the  final  piece  of  the  puzzle  fall  into  place  and  a  truly  valuable  iot  emerge.  because  5g  is  being  built  for  a  huge  range  of  connected  devices  from  simple,  lowpower  sensors  that  never  move  to  autonomous  cars  and  drones  that  move  all  the  time.  the  result:  it  will  finally  allow  businesses  to  turn  the  data  pouring  out  of  all  those  sensors  into  automated,  intelligent  action.  at  scale.  were  used  to  latency  thats  so  low  we  can  have  pretty  good  voice  and  video  calls.  the  lack  of  lag  between  the  two  devices  means  humans  can  communicate  a  lot  more
__label__interactivedisplays effectively  with  each  other.  with  5g,  latency  will  drop  a  lot  further.  which  will  mean  that  machines  can  communicate  a  lot  more  effectively  with  each  other.  thats  going  to  be  huge  for  businesses.  autonomous  vehicles  will  ultimately  need  to  be  able  to  drive  themselves  without  a  cellular  connection.  its  the  only  way  to  make  sure  theyre  safe  and  reliable.  but  they  wont  only  be  driving.  theyll  also  need  to  connect  to  the  vehicles  and  infrastructure  around  them  to  become  all  they  can  be.  and  thats  where  5g  comes  in.  the  uses  of  virtual  reality  vr  and  augmented  reality  ar  seem
__label__interactivedisplays to  grow  on  a  weekly  basis.  from  using  vr  to  help  treat  ptsd  to  using  ar  to  train  engineers  how  to  construct  airplanes,  its  a  medium  that  is  right  at  the  start  of  delivering  its  potential.  good  quality  vr  and  ar  require  highdefinition  content,  at  a  high  frame  rate,  with  a  lag  lower  than  the  eye  can  perceive.  thats  why  highend  vr  headsets  have  huge  cables  sprouting  out  the  back.  with  5g,  youll  be  able  to  send  that  level  of  signal  to  a  wireless  headset.  so  events  can  be  streamed  live,  in  high  definition,  to  a  headset  halfway  around  the
__label__interactivedisplays world.  requirements:  all  your  company  has  a  large  amount  of  stock  in  a  warehouse,  with  some  out  for  delivery  and  some  returned  from  failed  deliveries  or  refunds.  keeping  track  of  all  of  this  inventory  requires  vast  amounts  of  manpower,  which  is  inefficient  and  leads  to  error.  instead,  with  5g  being  able  to  handle  vastly  more  connected  devices,  you  could  have  individual  sensors  on  each  item,  letting  your  system  keep  track  of  your  inventory.  partner  this  with  computer  vision  and  youll  be  able  to  monitor  realtime  condition  and  location  of  all  your  assets.  thousands  of  lowpowered  sensors  in  one  warehouse,  all
__label__interactivedisplays connected  at  the  same  time?  thats  5g.  banking  insurance  /  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  retail  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  autonomous  unmanned  robots  are  essentially  robots  that  can  exchange  data  and  perform  computation  via  a  network  the  cloud.  unlike  ordinary  unmanned  robots,  autonomous  ones  can  make  decisions  and  carry  out  computeintensive  tasks  like  image  processing  and  voice  recognition.  for  example,  an  autonomous  unmanned  robot  can  find  an  object  its  never  seen  before  say,  a  plastic  cup,  send  an  image  of  the  cup,  and  receive  back  the  objects  name,  a  3d  model  and
__label__interactivedisplays instructions  on  how  to  use  it.  now  imagine  that  instead  of  a  cup,  its  a  component  from  an  engine.  and  the  robot  can  almost  instantly  start  building  that  engine.  it  also  has  capabilities  for  things  like:  construction  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  retail  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  we  arent  going  to  go  from  humandriving  to  selfdriving  cars  overnight.  in  fact,  there  are  five  stages  of  autonomy,  and  were  currently  at  stage  2  the  car  is  capable  of  some  functions  but  requires  constant  attention  from  the  driver.  once  we  reach  level  5  the  car  requires  no  input
__label__interactivedisplays from  a  human  to  drive,  autonomous  vehicles  will  become  a  computing  platform  on  wheels.  according  to  gartner,  its  estimated  autonomous  vehicles  will  create  4tb  of  data  every  90  minutes.  this  data  will  need  to  be  uploaded  to  a  cloud  platform  and  analyzed  by  ai,  and  then  the  actionable  insights  will  need  to  be  shared  with  the  vehicle.  and  if  information  from  all  vehicles  is  being  aggregated  and  acted  upon,  thats  a  whole  lot  of  throughput.  public  /  technology  /  transportation  imagine  an  area  with  higherthanusual  need  for  a  fantastic  wireless  connection  like  a  conference  center  or  an  expo.  if  every
__label__interactivedisplays exhibitor  has  a  smartphonebased  ar  element,  that  means  a  lot  of  devices  that  all  need  highquality  connection.  a  5g  hotspot  would  mean  that  all  the  users  have  reliable,  highquality  access  to  wireless  signal.  so  theyll  be  able  to  upload  and  download  to  their  hearts  content.  all  at  the  same  time.  more  important,  itll  mean  that  the  businesses  running  all  these  venues  will  be  able  to  deliver  a  dramatically  better  experience  to  their  customers  and  their  partners.  all  patient  survival  during  prehospital  time  is  critical.  its  why  technologies  are  being  developed  that  allow  paramedics  to  transmit  patients  medical  data  including  highresolution
__label__interactivedisplays images,  diagnostic  sounds  and  highquality  video  to  the  hospital  before  they  get  there.  it  includes  things  like  twoway  video  conferencing  between  ambulance  personnel  and  hospital  staff.  it  also  includes  communication  between  ambulance  equipment  and  telemedicine  tools  at  hospitals.  all  of  this  will  make  it  easier  to  provide  remote  therapeutics,  which  in  turn  will  improve  patients  prognoses.  the  best  part:  patient  data  will  be  protected  thanks  to  the  secure  cloud  network  that  transmits  the  data.  and  handover  between  technologies  and  data  sources  will  be  seamless  thanks  to  5g.  healthcare  /  public  if  youre  in  the  emergency  services,  reliable  communication  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays the  difference  between  life  and  death.  these  communications  happen  using  a  mix  of  proprietary  communication  channels  and  public  network  services.  with  network  slicing  in  5g,  itll  be  possible  to  give  emergency  services  a  totally  dedicated  slice  of  the  public  network  during  an  emergency.  so  no  matter  the  quantity  of  public  traffic,  those  serving  have  uninterrupted  service.  public  imagine  the  type  of  broadband  connection  you  have  in  your  home  or  your  office.  now  imagine  having  that  everywhere.  youre  just  about  to  leave  for  work  and  find  out  theres  an  impromptu  video  call  in  20  minutes.  they  need  you  to  send  over
__label__interactivedisplays a  whole  host  of  files  and  dial  in.  you  jump  in  an  uber,  sending  the  files  as  you  move.  you  get  your  train  just  in  time  to  dial  in,  turn  on  screen  share  and  walk  everyone  through  the  files.  once  the  call  is  over,  you  take  10  minutes  before  your  train  arrives  to  play  a  little  battle  royale  and  decompress.  one  thing  to  note:  when  it  first  launches,  5g  isnt  going  to  benefit  from  the  same  ubiquity  as  4g,  as  it  requires  new  infrastructure.  over  time,  5g  will  roll  out  everywhere  and  youll  have  broadbandquality  access  everywhere.  all  your  offices
__label__interactivedisplays productivity  is  directly  dependent  on  the  reliability  of  its  connectivity.  to  upload  and  download  hefty  files,  to  make  smooth  video  calls  and  in  the  future  to  use  ar  and  vr  and  all  sorts  of  other  connected  devices.  with  5g  fixed  broadband,  youd  be  able  to  replace  your  current  wireline  setup  with  a  wireless  one,  meaning  you  can  easily  spin  up  temporary  sites  while  maintaining  continuity.  this  is  a  particularly  big  deal  if  you  need  to  bring  internet  to  buildings  with  aging  infrastructure  or  a  site  where  installing  cables  would  be  difficult  like  an  airport  no  wires,  no  problem.  construction  /
__label__interactivedisplays public  /  retail  /  transportation  youre  being  shown  around  a  new  building  site  where  youre  overseeing  construction.  the  foreman  draws  your  attention  to  the  issue  hes  been  talking  about  with  the  foundations  and  you  take  a  closer  look.  only,  youre  not  really  there.  youre  on  a  plane  traveling  over  700  km/h.  halfway  around  the  world.  streaming  the  4k  footage  to  a  standalone  5g  vr  headset.  with  solid,  reliable  connection.  and  the  hundreds  of  other  people  on  the  plane  or  train,  or  shuttle  can  be  doing  the  same.  all  hundreds  of  people  are  turned  away  from  routine  cancer  treatments  annually  due
__label__interactivedisplays to  low  blood  counts,  wasting  the  patients  time  and  the  hospitals  resources.  an  athome  device  that  could  monitor  their  levels  and  instantly  update  the  hospital  would  be  able  to  schedule  treatment  at  an  optimal  moment.  and  reduce  unnecessary  trips  that  could  worsen  the  patients  condition.  and  because  preventions  better  than  cure,  home  bioconnectivity  could  replace  your  annual  checkup  with  a  daily  scan.  with  5g,  this  type  of  use  case  will  become  more  prevalent,  so  more  conditions  can  be  caught  earlier  and  treated  more  effectively,  even  from  a  distance,  using  telemedicine.  banking  insurance  /  healthcare  /  technology  once  autonomous  vehicles  are
__label__interactivedisplays taking  care  of  their  own  driving,  they  will  start  to  need  to  connect  to  the  world  around  them.  one  intelligent  car  in  a  traffic  jam  cant  do  much.  but  if  all  the  cars  on  the  road  can  communicate  with  each  other,  traffic  lights  and  a  network  with  live  traffic  updates,  theyll  be  able  to  avoid  the  traffic  jam  in  the  first  place.  theyll  have  seamless  lane  control,  intelligent  positioning,  and  the  ability  to  preemptively  adapt  to  speed  changes.  realtime  information  from  vehicles,  roadquality  sensors,  lights,  emergency  services  and  more  will  mean  a  selfdriving  vehicle  will  be  better  at  driving  than
__label__interactivedisplays a  human  driver  could  ever  be.  public  /  technology  /  transportation  we  already  have  glucose  monitors  and  heart  rate  monitors  that  connect  to  an  internetconnected  device  like  a  smartphone  using  lowenergy  bluetooth.  soon,  well  have  devices  that  can  detect  the  early  stages  of  any  illness.  5g  will  enable  lowpower,  lowcomplexity  devices  to  connect  directly  to  the  network,  transmitting  constant  readings,  from  heart  rate  and  blood  sugar,  to  temperature  and  hydration  levels.  this  means  a  cloud  service  using  artificial  intelligence  could  identify  the  early  stages  of  illness  and  provide  the  user  with  preventive  measures  or  make  a  doctors  appointment.  banking  insurance
__label__interactivedisplays /  healthcare  /  public  unmanned  vehicles  are  machines  that  follow  instructions  set  by  remote  controllers  known  as  manipulators.  today,  a  common  example  would  be  remote  aerial  drones  known  as  uavs.  with  mainstream  adoption,  thats  going  to  mean  huge  density  of  devices  being  controlled  locally  or  from  a  distance.  unmanned  vehicles  can  be  used  for  a  whole  bunch  of  reasons:  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  communication  is  an  essential  ingredient  of  the  smart  factory.  imagine  that  youve  got  a  factory  floor  filled  with  intelligent  multifunctional  robots.  if  they  can  communicate
__label__interactivedisplays with  each  other,  theyll  be  able  to  assign  themselves  tasks  and  work  cooperatively  as  long  as  they  know  what  the  desired  outcome  is.  because  of  5gs  mobility,  your  smart  factory  would  be  able  to  identify  bottlenecks  in  production  and  dynamically  adjust  to  improve  output.  because  now  your  robots  wont  need  to  be  wired  to  be  connected  to  a  highspeed,  lowlatency,  highcapacity  private  5g  network.  construction  /  technology  /  manufacturing  5g  will  allow  energy  providers  to  monitor  the  precise  generation  and  transmission  of  energy  in  real  time.  this  will  allow  them  to  only  burn  the  exact  amount  of  fuel  that  is
__label__interactivedisplays needed,  creating  fewer  emissions  while  being  more  efficient.  with  the  density  of  sensors  on  the  infrastructure  pipes,  solar  panels,  wind  turbines,  5g  will  be  essential  to  managing  input  and  output  of  energy.  these  transmission  transactions  need  to  be  instantaneous  and  exact  to  keep  the  grid  up.  plus,  as  we  enter  an  age  when  power  is  both  created  and  used  by  elements  of  the  grid,  flow  needs  to  be  tightly  managed  in  real  time  to  prevent  outages.  which  means  if  you  run  a  company  that  ends  up  running  with  an  energy  surplus  like  hyperloop  is  theorized  to,  that  could  be  a
__label__interactivedisplays second  revenue  stream.  energy  /  public  /  utilities  a  big  area  for  5g  and  iot  is  the  smart  home.  today,  your  smart  thermostat  system  can  use  temperature  sensors,  motion  sensors  and  geofencing  on  your  phone  to  keep  your  home  the  right  temperature  at  the  right  time  and  connect  to  the  internet  for  remotecontrol  features.  as  adoption  grows,  the  possibilities  of  smart  home  from  sleep  tracking,  to  diet,  exercise,  entertainment  and  security  will  continue  to  grow.  and  the  opportunities  for  businesses  in  this  space  will  only  grow  too  what  happens  when  every  home  has  an  intelligent  network  of  sensors?  how  will
__label__interactivedisplays they  connect  with  other  services?  what  insights  could  businesses  leverage?  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  media  entertainment  /  technology  /  utilities  the  idea  that  you  have  to  travel  to  a  hospital  and  wait  in  a  room  full  of  sick  people  to  see  a  doctor  is  going  to  seem  outdated  very  soon.  were  already  seeing  a  rise  in  telemedicine,  where  you  can  have  a  video  conference  with  your  doctor.  not  only  does  this  save  time  and  reduce  chances  of  spreading  infection,  it  means  that  remote  areas  with  no  access  to  medical  staff  like  oil  rigs  or  research
__label__interactivedisplays stations  can  still  get  expert  treatment.  with  5g,  your  doctor  will  be  able  to  monitor  and  control  medical  equipment  near  you  in  real  time.  which  will  mean  that,  at  the  very  least,  they  can  do  more  complex  checkups.  banking  insurance  /  healthcare  /  public  /  technology  with  vr  headsets  and  360  cameras,  were  getting  used  to  the  idea  of  being  immersed  visually  in  a  world  thats  miles  away.  but  with  the  tactile  internet,  youll  be  able  to  physically  interact  with  things  far  away  too.  to  feel  what  they  feel.  one  of  the  obvious  use  cases  for  this  is  remote  surgery
__label__interactivedisplays where  feeling  the  exact  pressure  of  a  scalpel  on  skin  is  essential,  but  this  will  be  revolutionary  for  any  instance  where  touch  is  necessary.  imagine  a  skilled  watchmaker  being  able  to  control  a  robot  while  looking  through  a  microscope  so  shes  able  to  fix  a  watch  in  another  country.  or  an  engineer  repairing  a  pipe  under  the  ocean.  requirements:  industries:  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  media  entertainment  /  public  /  transportation  /  utilities  as  we  move  toward  selfdriving  vehicles,  the  infotainment  system  in  the  car  is  going  to  move  from  being  a  satnav  and  music  control
__label__interactivedisplays panel  to  a  gaming,  movie  watching,  advertising  space.  and  far  more  than  just  a  way  to  entertain  the  passengers  in  the  back,  when  theres  no  human  driver,  the  main  point  of  focus  in  the  car  is  going  to  be  the  infotainment  system.  once  we  reach  this  stage,  people  could  start  their  working  day  in  the  car,  typing,  joining  meetings,  watching  presentations  everything  you  do  at  your  desk,  in  a  car.  there  are  proposed  versions  of  cars  that  will  use  the  windows  as  displays  for  information  and  entertainment.  all  of  this  streamed,  highquality  infotainment  is  going  to  need  5g  for  its
__label__interactivedisplays speed.  media  entertainment  /  technology  /  transportation  working  for  a  multinational  means  you  have  regular  meetings  with  colleagues  based  in  other  countries.  theyre  mostly  video  calls  so  you  still  get  face  time.  and  if  you  were  using  5g,  those  video  calls  would  be  vastly  better  than  with  4g.  crisper  image,  less  lag.  but  theres  a  step  beyond  that.  you  could  have  a  completely  virtual  meeting  in  vr,  or  using  ar,  youd  be  able  to  wear  a  pair  of  glasses  that  hook  up  to  a  system  with  cameras  and  sensors  that  lets  you  see  your  colleagues  as  if  theyre  sitting  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  same  room  with  you.  and  with  locationspecific  sound,  youll  be  able  to  look  in  the  eye  of  your  colleague  as  theyre  talking  and  have  more  than  one  person  talk  at  once  without  it  becoming  a  garbled  mess.  all  today,  smartwatches  are  being  released  with  lte  connectivity,  so  they  can  make  and  receive  calls  independent  of  a  smartphone.  with  5g,  we  could  see  a  device  that  delivers  seamless  service  continuity  while  moving  in  and  out  of  range  of  a  phone.  and  if  5g  provides  speeds  high  enough  that  compute  and  storage  can  be  delivered  as  a  cloud  service,  smartwatches  or
__label__interactivedisplays smart  glasses  could  go  from  being  a  supplemental  device  to  a  powerful  standalone  device  of  their  own.  for  businesses,  this  is  an  opportunity  to  create  wearable  devices  like  ar  goggles  and  trackers.  but  theres  also  the  opportunity  to  augment  your  peoples  skills,  like  a  field  service  technician  getting  instructions  in  the  lenses  of  their  glasses  or  a  factory  worker  tracking  their  motion  to  prevent  injuries.  all  5g  will  open  up  the  possibility  of  giving  you  wireless  industrial  control  where  it  previously  hasnt  been  possible  due  to  limits  on  the  latency  needed  for  optimal  operation.  so  youll  be  able  to  fill
__label__interactivedisplays your  factory  with  mobile,  secure  devices  with  wiredquality  connections.  wear  and  tear  of  cables  stops  being  an  issue,  allowing  parts  with  extreme  movement  to  remain  connected.  and  youre  able  to  reconfigure  the  assembly  line  on  the  fly,  as  the  robots  arent  hardwired.  plus,  it  frees  up  closedloop  systems  that  require  superfast  cycletime  ranges  to  be  wireless.  construction  /  energy  /  public  /  technology  /  manufacturing  /  utilities  sign  up  for  our  monthly  newsletter  to  better  understand  the  technological  forces  that  are  making  an  impact  and  shaping  our  future.  thank  you  for  your  information.  please  check  your  email  to  validate  your
__label__interactivedisplays reach  beyond  the  front  door  captivate  your  audience  with  outdoor  displays  built  to  weather  the  storm  and  window  displays  that  shine  in  any  light.  reach  beyond  the  front  door  outdoor  digital  signage  and  window  displays  captivate  your  audience  24/7,  rain  or  shine,  open  or  closed.  with  samsung,  you  can  extend  your  message  beyond  your  business,  whether  its  in  your  storefront  window  or  outside  in  the  elements.  ready  to  work  around  the  clock,  samsung  outdoor  digital  signage  and  window  displays  empower  you  to  always  present  a  dynamic  and  vibrant  message.  captivate  your  audience  24/7,  rain  or  shine,  open  or  closed.  with
__label__interactivedisplays samsung,  you  can  extend  your  message  beyond  your  business,  whether  its  in  your  storefront  window  or  outside  in  the  elements.  ready  to  work  around  the  clock,  samsung  outdoor  digital  signage  and  window  displays  empower  you  to  always  present  a  dynamic  and  vibrant  message.  allweather  durability,  by  design  our  outdoor  smart  signage  solutionsare  specially  engineered  from  the  ground  up  to  weather  the  elements  with  highbrightness,  protective  glass  and  ip56  certification.  you  can  display  your  message  in  heat,  cold,  rain,  snow  and  dust.  allweather  durability,  by  design  our  outdoor  smart  signage  solutionsare  specially  engineered  from  the  ground  up  to  weather  the  elements
__label__interactivedisplays with  highbrightness,  protective  glass  and  ip56  certification.  you  can  display  your  message  in  heat,  cold,  rain,  snow  and  dust.  shine  in  any  light  shine  in  any  light  easy  content  management  and  playback  easy  content  management  and  playback  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage  solutions  explore  from  full  outdoor  to  dualsided  windowfacing  signage.  explore  from  full  outdoor  to  dualsided  windowfacing  signage.  oh  series  outdoor  displays  oh  series  outdoor  displays  om  series  window  displays  om  series  window  displays  top  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage  displays  ohnd  series  85  outdoor  display  ohn  series  85  outdoor  display  omnd  series  55  window  display  omn  series  46
__label__interactivedisplays window  display  ohnd  series  85  outdoor  display  ohn  series  85  outdoor  display  omnd  series  55  window  display  omn  series  46  window  display  resources  to  make  the  most  of  your  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage  contact  an  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage  sales  expert  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage.  or  you  can  call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  outdoor  and  window  digital  signage.  or  you  can
__label__interactivedisplays call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  2019  samsung  electronics  america,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  samsung  is  a  registered  trademark  of  samsung  electronics  co.,  ltd.  all  products,  logos  and  brand  names  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.  screen  images  simulated.  select  continue  to  visit  hps  website.
__label__interactivedisplays samsungs  interactive  displays  and  digital  signage  enable  collaboration  and  communication  in  the  workplace  through  simple,  effective  touch  interactions  and  versatile  connectivity.  interactive  touchscreen  displays  from  corporate  boardrooms  and  classroom  collaboration  to  restaurant  menus,  instore  product  locators  and  maps,  samsungs  interactive  touchscreen  displays  add  interactivity  to  business  environments  in  a  variety  of  industries.  from  corporate  boardrooms  and  classroom  collaboration  to  restaurant  menus,  instore  product  locators  and  maps,  samsungs  interactive  touchscreen  displays  add  interactivity  to  business  environments  in  a  variety  of  industries.  corporate  education  retail  corporate  education  retail  collaboration  solutions  with  interactive  displays  samsungs  suite  of  innovative  and  fullyintegrated  interactive  displays  and
__label__interactivedisplays touchscreen  signage  seamlessly  transform  the  workplace  or  classroom  and  enable  workers  or  students  to  create  new  ideas,  boost  inperson  collaboration  and  increase  productivity  from  anywhere,  anytime.  samsungs  suite  of  innovative  and  fullyintegrated  interactive  displays  and  touchscreen  signage  seamlessly  transform  the  workplace  or  classroom  and  enable  workers  or  students  to  create  new  ideas,  boost  inperson  collaboration  and  increase  productivity  from  anywhere,  anytime.  samsung  flip  2  harman  huddle  space  interactive  displays  samsung  flip  2  harman  huddle  space  interactive  displays  top  interactive  digital  signage  products  flip  pm  series  qbrt  series  flip  pm  series  qbrt  series  resources  to  make  the  most  of  your  interactive
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  contact  an  interactive  digital  signage  sales  expert  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  interactive  digital  signage.  or  you  can  call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  please  provide  your  contact  details  and  our  sales  team  will  get  back  to  you  about  samsung  interactive  digital  signage.  or  you  can  call  855  5816892  to  talk  to  an  expert  now.  more  digital  signage  options  directview  led  video  walls  4k  uhd  displays  directview  led  video  walls  4k  uhd  displays  lcd  video  walls  lcd  video  walls  2019  samsung  electronics  america,  inc.
__label__interactivedisplays all  rights  reserved.  samsung  is  a  registered  trademark  of  samsung  electronics  co.,  ltd.  all  products,  logos  and  brand  names  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.  screen  images  simulated.  select  continue  to  visit  hps  website.
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  transforms  the  way  you  interact  with  your  audience.  by  enabling  you  to  deliver  targeted  and  dynamic  visual  messaging,  it  increases  engagement  and  reduces  costs.  need  a  digital  sign  now?  here  are  two  ways  to  get  a  solution  up  and  running  now.  microsoft  partners  are  windows  experts.  theyll  help  you  find,  deploy,  and  manage  the  right  signage  solution  for  your  business.  microsoft  enables  affordable  onpremises  and  cloud  connected  digital  signage,  from  simple  diy  singlescreens  to  comprehensive  partnerled  solutions.  a  robust  and  reliable  solution  thats  good  for  up  to  four  monitors,  depending  on  the  device,  where  reliability,  manageability,  and  security
__label__interactivedisplays are  essential.  microsoft  enables  affordable  onpremises  and  cloud  connected  digital  signage,  from  simple  diy  singlescreens  to  comprehensive  partnerled  solutions.  enable  a  seamless  and  secure  digital  signage  experience  powered  by  microsoft  technologies.  here  are  some  examples  from  our  partners:  advantech  has  powered  thousands  of  digital  outofhome  dooh  digital  signage  networks  across  every  market  such  as  retail,  hospitality  and  public  transportation  with  turnkey  signage  offerings.  to  stay  on  top  of  online  competition,  brickandmortar  stores  need  a  better  understanding  of  customer  behavior.  cloverleaf  enables  stores  to  capture  more  data  and  increase  consumer  engagement  and  profits  with  shelfpoint.  omnivex,  a  leading  creator  of  intelligent
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage,  designed  its  moxie  communications  platform  to  run  on  windows  10  and  with  azure  iot.  this  solution  empowers  organizations  to  share  realtime  information  across  any  screen.  stratosmedia  is  a  hybrid  cloud  platform  that  has  a  strong  history  providing  digital  communication  and  digital  signage  ecosystems  to  government  entities,  corporations,  transport,  education,  retail,  hospitality,  and  digital  media  companies  globally.  using  the  xogo  decision  signage  and  xogo  content  manager  apps,  businesses  can  turn  any  windows  10  device  into  a  digital  sign  in  just  a  few  clicks.  customers  can  also  purchase  a  xogo  mini  4k  media  player,  which  comes  with  xogo  decision  signage
__label__interactivedisplays running  on  windows  10  iot  core.  four  winds  interactive  creates  groundbreaking  visual  communications  solutions  for  leading  corporate  enterprises,  automotive  companies,  healthcare  facilities,  college  campuses,  hotels,  stadiums  and  more.  l  squared  helped  canadas  ups  stores  provide  flexible,  fast,  and  costeffective  corporate  marketing  for  all  locations  across  the  country.  windows  10  iot  enterprise  and  azure  iot  have  reduced  costs  and  given  customers  confidence  in  a  familiar,  reliable,  markettested  operating  system  and  cloud  infrastructure.  with  the  help  of  the  right  partner,  windows  digital  signage  will  keep  data  safe,  secure,  and  support  insights  to  move  business  forward.  support  servergrade  pc  devices  and  mission  critical
__label__interactivedisplays kevin  ashton,  who  coined  the  term  internet  of  things,  in  fact  was  working  as  a  marketer  at  cpg  brand  pg  when  cofounding  the  mit  autoid  center  and  was  directly  inspired  by  a  challenge  in  retail.  the  challenge  was  related  with  and  inventory  management,  all  elements  which  are  key  for  retailers.  table  of  contents  moreover,  retailers  have  worked  with  rfid  since  quite  some  time.  with  the  advent  of  additional  technologies  and  improvements  in  sensors,  better  connectivity  and  communication  solutions  and  new  devices,  which  led  to  the  internet  of  things  as  we  define  it  today,  the  opportunities  to  improve  operations  and  offer
__label__interactivedisplays the  personalized  and  immersive  experiences  customers  want  are  even  bigger.  obviously  there  are  also  benefits  in  ecommerce  operations.  in  a  justintime  retail  reality  with  cost  pressures  its  crucial  that  processes  are  optimized  and  here  the  iot  is  an  enabler  and  a  cost  saver.  this  isnt  only  the  case  in  the  context  of  the  retailer  who  sits  at  the  end  of  a  supply  chain.  in  an  increasingly  converged  retail  reality,  goods  also  need  to  be  shipped  to  the  consumer,  if  they  arent  bought  in  a  physical  store,  and  here  as  well  the  internet  of  things  plays  a  role  in  retail  logistics.
__label__interactivedisplays with  new  developments  in  areas,  which  sound  more  futuristic  than  they  really  are,  such  as  drone  deliveries,  new  opportunities  arise  in  this  regard  as  well.  expectations  with  regards  to  ,  service,  speed  and  efficiency  play  a  far  more  important  role  for  todays  channelagnostic  and  connected,  mobile  consumer.  while  logistics  can  play  a  key  role  in  meeting  these  demands  and  providing  better  customer  experience  and  service  for  instance  by  using  track  and  trace  with  full  visibility  for  the  impatient  consumer  ,  there  are  many  other  areas  where  the  internet  of  things  can  help  as  well  cover.  from  and  selfcheckout  to  smart
__label__interactivedisplays mirrors:  they  all  can  play  a  role.  according  to  a  june  2017  report  with  data,  idc  stated  that  instore  contextual  marketing  will  be  one  of  the  fastest  growing  crossindustry  iot  use  cases  between  2017  and  2021  with  a  20.2  percent  cagr.  it  obviously  will  play  a  major  role  in  retail  as  well.  more  in  the  infographic  and  .  and  where  else  is  bridging  digital  and  physical  worlds  a  crucial  phenomenon  that  is  going  on  since  many  years  to  serve  our  channelagnostic  consumer  who  wants  frictionless  experiences  where,  when  and  how  he  wants,  regardless  whether  they  are  digital  or  physical?  exactly:
__label__interactivedisplays in  retail.  weve  been  bridging  digital  and  physical  or  brickandmortar  retail  environments  since  ages.  there  are  ample  technological  solutions  to  do  so  and  several  of  them  are  about  the  internet  of  things.  with  the  use  of  digital  signage  in  iot,  personalization,  information  and  context  are  essential,  thanks  to  the  connection  with  data  analysis  and  sensors,  for  instance  based  on  movement  or  gesture  recignition  or  the  possibilities  offered  by  various  datagenerating  iotenabled  devices,  depending  on  the  situation.  it  is  one  of  many  ways  retailers  use  to  connect  physical  and  digital,  certainly  when  touch  is  involved.  below  is  a  retail  example  with
__label__interactivedisplays gesture  recognition.  its  clear  that  with  several  internet  of  things  applications  in  areas  such  as  dynamic  pricing,  smart  shelves  and  inventory  management,  and  a  whole  range  of  customeroriented  innovations  within  the  physical  retail  store  environment  it  is  possible  to  achieve  multiple  potential  outcomes.  several  of  these  applications  are  already  mainstream  today  or  part  of  broader  solutions.  the  infographic  below  from  gives  an  overview  of  more  use  cases  and  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  retail,  from  vending  machines,  interactive  displays,  virtual  closets  and  smart  mirrors  to  smart  dummies,  selfcheckouts,  the  previously  mentioned  digital  signage,  connected  cameras  and  smart  shelves.
__label__interactivedisplays a  noteworthy  prediction  from  the  infographic:  with  the  usage  of  rfid  tags,  retailers  can  expect  99  percent  inventory  accuracy,  a  50  percent  reduction  in  outofstocks  and  a  70  percent  reduction  in  shrinkage.  as  marine  petry  from  schneider  electric  explains  in  an  interview,  iot  adoption  for  example  allows  to  monitor  and  and  control  all  technical  subsystems  in  a  shop,  which  in  turn  enables  proactive  maintenance  and  avoids  potential  issues  and  revenue  loss.  think  about  food  retail  and  supermarkets  or  other  convenvience  stores  where  monitoring  refrigeration  units  helps  avoid  any  food  wastage  if  such  a  unit  fails  and  helps  with  regulatory  compliance.
__label__interactivedisplays while  this  might  overlap  with  the  ways  we  see  iot  and  the  data  gathered  and  analyzed  by  using  it  in  other  industries  and  in  the  broader  field  of  facilities  and  buildings,  there  are  several  other  interesting  evolutions  in  retail  facilities  that  range  from  the  mentioned  selfcheckout  systems  and  flow  tracking  to  applications  for  store  managers  and  opportunities  to  leverage  iot  in  the  scope  of  the  advent  of  electric  vehicles,  micro  grids  and  more.  simply  put  visual  communication  technologies  use  visual  light  to  enable  wireless  connectivity.  lifi  is  seen  as  a  potential  replacement  of  beacon  technologies  in  retail  which  seems  to
__label__interactivedisplays be  its  main  adopter.  according  to  a  report  by  technavio  retail  is  the  main  segment  where  this  technology  is  used  and  will  be  used  until  2020  although  there  are  far  more  .  its  extremely  fit  to  offer  shopper  fast  mobile  connectivity  and  thus  increase  customer  experience  and  enable  locationbased  interaction  with  promotions  and  so  forth.  moreover,  lifi  will  play  a  key  role  in  iot  and  if  there  is  any  environment  where  there  is  a  lot  of  led  lighting  with  opportunities  for  marketing  and  customer  engagement  its  certainly  in  retail.  as  has  started  and  prices  are  expected  to  drop  its  definitely
__label__interactivedisplays an  area  to  watch  with  more  retailers  expected  to  embrace  lifi.  :  the  advent  of  iotenabled  lifi  is  a  major  factor  spurring  the  growth  prospects  for  this  market  during  the  estimated  period.  generally,  iot  uses  several  technologies  such  as  rfid,  sensors,  barcodes,  and  gps,  and  helps  monitor  and  manage  physical  assets  in  an  organization.  with  the  aid  of  iot,  every  device  or  asset  of  an  organization  can  be  interconnected  with  other  assets.  as  a  result,  retailers  from  across  the  globe  have  started  using  m2mbased  digital  signage  to  provide  users  with  essential  information  about  their  new  product  launches,  latest  additions  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  role  of  the  objects  around  us  and  how  we  interact  with  them  is  undergoing  a  remarkable  upheaval  ever  since  the  focus  has  shifted  to  enhancing  customer  experience  for  and  enabled  devices.  by  collecting  data  with  the  help  of  smart  components  and  probing  it  for  insights,  businesses  can  take  decisions  in  ways  that  were  hitherto  unseen.  these  smart  components  are  typically  comprised  of  sensors,  microprocessors,  niche  software,  data  storage  techniques  and  tailormade  operating  systems  that  work  in  perfect  tandem  to  achieve  the  desired  outcome  that  successfully  leverages  information  .  but  while  it  is  crucial  for  every  business  to  explore  and
__label__interactivedisplays products,  the  way  in  which  this  is  done  dictates  the  extent  to  which  the  technology  is  adapted  amongst  the  populace.  this  urgency  has  given  rise  to  a  new  phase  of  user  experience  altogether,  known  as  smart  user  experience,  achieved  by  .  customer  experience  is  playing  an  extremely  vital  role  for  connected  devices.  is  taking  the  front  seat  and  smart  technologies  are  driving  this  wave  forward.  such  technologies  are  always  aware  of  their  surroundings  and  can  sense  the  changes  in  their  circumstances.  based  on  this  analysis,  measures  can  be  executed  to  enhance  functionalities  accordingly.  michael  porter,  a  renowned  american  academic,  pegs
__label__interactivedisplays this  as  the  third  wave  of  itdriven  competition,  one  in  which  it  and  connectivity  become  an  integral  part  of  the  smart  product.  smart  user  experience  via  the  right  interface  enables  companies  to  come  up  with  product  iterations  that  continuously  drive  up  the  engagement  factor  and  enhance  the  customer  experience  for  iot.  so  if  you  are  planning  to  give  a  phenomenal  customer  experience  for  iot  products,  you  need  to  take  a  comprehensive  look  at  how  you  since  it  will  dictate  the  way  in  which  users  interact  with  lets  take  a  comprehensive  look  at  some  crucial  insights  that  will  help  you  in
__label__interactivedisplays with  a  better  user  experience.  what  does  this  mean?  never  introduce  a  based  functionality  that  does  not  comply  with  the  core  values  that  the  product  aims  to  provide.  for  example,  adding  google  search  through  a  touch  screen  in  a  coffee  maker  might  seem  like  a  good  idea,  but  will  only  act  as  a  distraction.  instead,  an  interactive  menu  that  provides  quick  recipes  for  different  types  of  coffees  would  function  much  better.  every  feature  must  always  be  introduced  in  a  way  that  it  takes  advantage  of  the  core  functionality  of  the  appliance.  the  idea  is  to  keep  the  engagement  quotient  relevant
__label__interactivedisplays and  as  unadulterated  as  possible  designing  not  only  includes  the  look  and  feel  of  the  product  but  how  it  functions  as  well.  since  iotenabled  devices  come  equipped  with  a  number  of  sensors,  they  can  easily  capture  loads  of  data  regarding  product  motion,  faces,  air  moisture,  temperature,  weather,  etc.  the  product  should  be  designed  in  such  a  way  that  the  device  makes  optimum  use  of  this  data  to  learn  deeply  about  the  user  and  start  taking  smart  and  automated  decisions  on  its  own.  for  instance,  an  air  conditioning  system  that  can  learn  the  correlation  between  the  weather  outside  and  the  preferred
__label__interactivedisplays temperature  of  the  user.  it  can  then  start  functioning  in  an  autonomous  mode  and  keep  the  home  temperature  optimized.  this  further  enhances  the  customer  experience  for  iot  devices.  can  be  personalized  by  users  according  to  their  preferences  takes  the  game  to  another  level  altogether.  take  the  instance  of  the  pop  home  switch  by  logitech.  the  switch  can  be  quickly  customized  by  the  user  to  take  control  of  the  smart  devices  in  the  house  by  making  use  of  custom  recipes.  a  single  click  can  turn  on  the  tv,  while  a  double  click  can  turn  the  ac  on  and  lock  the  door
__label__interactivedisplays on  the  other  hand,  products  like  augmenta  are  exploring  something  quite  unique.  augmenta  combines  with  your  body  to  obtain  the  desired  output  functions.  after  putting  on  the  smart  glasses,  users  hands  start  functioning  as  configurable  dashboards,  keypads,  etc.  this  use  case  finds  implementation  in  various  industries  around  the  world  as  proved  by  theabovementioned  examples,  a  successful  strategy  for  customer  experience  for  iot  thinks  beyond  the  usual  interfaces  that  are  based  around  screens.  a  few  ways  to  do  this  is  to  leverage  the  capabilities  of  sound,  gestures  and  intuitive  movements  instead  of  simply  designing  a  screen  based  user  interface.  but  while
__label__interactivedisplays you  do  this,  make  sure  that  things  are  kept  as  simple  as  possible.  your  iot  device  design  should  make  things  simpler  and  not  introduce  more  complexity  into  the  equation.  at  the  same  time,  they  should  be  designed  in  a  way  that  it  involves  a  minimal  amount  of  training.  take  the  case  of  an  interactive  iot  powered  product  known  as  knock.  the  user  interface  makes  use  of  no  screens.  instead,  the  small  wireless  device  has  a  simple  yet  powerful  design  that  converts  any  ordinary  service  into  a  control  interface  all  users  have  to  do  is  knock  on  the  service  and  the
__label__interactivedisplays device  carries  out  the  userdefined  functions  on  the  basis  of  the  number  of  knocks.  this  is  an  excellent  example  of  a  smart  interface  design  done  right  since  it  can  be  quickly  grasped  by  the  user  and  involves  no  training  whatsoever  while  it  is  important  to  design  for  the  appliance,  you  should  also  keep  in  mind  the  broader  picture  and  think  from  the  perspective  of  the  whole  iot  ecosystem.  understanding  how  the  appliance  will  fit  into  this  ecosystem  is  important.  remember  that  the  technological  backdrop  today  is  driven  through  screens  and  the  ui  of  your  iot  device  can  get  easily  lost
__label__interactivedisplays along  the  way.  hence,  design  with  the  intent  of  keeping  machinetomachine  interaction  at  the  maximum  and  autonomous  behavior  at  the  minimum.  your  iot  device  should  be  able  to  easily  integrate  with  the  existing  ecosystem,  not  end  up  creating  one  on  its  own.  this  will  not  only  improve  the  ux  score  but  also  help  you  gather  a  greater  amount  of  insights.  with  iot  devices,  .  this  is  because  the  more  the  user  interacts  with  the  iot  system,  the  more  data  can  be  collected  and  the  system  can  optimize  itself  accordingly  to  drive  maximum  results.  at  the  same  time,  it  is  also
__label__interactivedisplays crucial  to  place  the  center  of  control  in  the  hands  of  the  users.  the  interface  design  should  make  them  feel  like  they  run  the  show.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  do  this  is  by  enabling  remote  user  interfaces.  this  stands  well  with  the  core  idea  of  the  internet  of  things  which  aims  to  have  a  connected  virtual  world  that  can  be  accessed  and  controlled  anywhere  and  anytime.  while  smartphones  and  accompanying  applications  prove  to  be  the  driving  interfaces  for  remote  access,  this  also  makes  management  at  the  userend  a  bit  clumsy.  a  great  way  out  here  is  to  design
__label__interactivedisplays for  scenarios  that  enable  automatic  remote  access.  for  example,  when  you  start  your  car  at  the  end  of  the  workday  to  leave  office  for  home,  the  air  conditioning  system  of  your  house  will  be  automatically  triggered  to  reach  an  optimum  temperature  before  you  get  home.  if  you  are  aiming  for  the  stars  and  want  to  be  an  iot  platform,  it  is  time  to  realize  what  is  at  stake  here.  there  are  hundreds  of  that  are  already  in  the  market,  with  most  of  them  trying  to  solve  one  specific  problem  or  another.  this  ranges  from  the  spheres  of  real  estate  and
__label__interactivedisplays healthcare  to  various  other  industries.  even  dogs  have  an  iot  platform  dedicated  to  them  however,  when  the  dust  settles,  the  market  will  be  dictated  by  no  more  than  24  top  players.  it  is  similar  to  what  we  are  seeing  in  other  technological  domains  like  operating  systems  or  smartphones.  hence,  it  is  crucial  that  you  make  your  iot  platform  a  memorable  experience  for  your  users  to  drive  the  maximum  amount  of  engagement  or  use  cases.  a  wellthought  out  and  designed  platform  can  end  up  being  the  norm  of  the  industry  and  dictate  the  future  of  the  .  take  the  case  of
__label__interactivedisplays amazon  who  has  already  introduced  a  market  leading  iot  platform  for  developers  to  help  them  connect  sensors  for  multiple  applications  ranging  from  automobiles  to  smart  home  light  systems  and  even  turbines.  how  can  we  achieve  this?  the  key  here  is  to  make  the  functioning  of  the  platform  or  choose  a  partner  platform  as  immersive,  personalized  and  simple  as  possible.  as  a  platform,  it  is  imperative  for  you  to  be  as  flexible  as  possible  and  combine  the  experience  of  various  devices  from  an  array  of  companies  to  capture  as  much  market  as  possible.  merely  making  your  product  smart  is  not  enough
__label__interactivedisplays today  to  grab  the  attention  of  the  user.  with  cutthroat  competition  in  the  market  and  a  new  player  emerging  in  every  nook  and  cranny,  it  is  important  to  carve  a  unique  place  for  yourself  by  doing  what  your  competition  is  not  focusing  more  on  and  the  overall  user  experience  this  post  was  published  on  iotforall.com  june  20,  2018.  written  by
__label__interactivedisplays the  financial  services  sector  has  been  slow  to  embrace  the  iot  but  look  hard  enough  and  youll  find  some  retail  banking  bright  lights  leading  the  way,  as  doug  drinkwater  reports.  1.  banking  on  wearables  2.  pumping  up  payments  3.  branching  out  to  connected  cars  5.  smarter  branches  6.  beacons  shine  a  light  on  personalization  8.  chatbots  offer  better  customer  experience  these  examples  are  very  useful,  thanks  for  sharing..  december  45,  brimingham,  uk  may  12  13  santa  clara,  ca,  usa  june  15  17  chicago,  il,  usa  united  states  session  expired  the  login  page  will  open  in  a  new  tab.  after  logging
__label__interactivedisplays datafloq  is  the  onestop  source  for  big  data,  blockchain  and  artificial  intelligence.  we  offer  information,  insights  and  opportunities  to  drive  innovation  with  emerging  technologies.  the  pressure  on  organizations  to  make  accurate  and  t...  over  20  years  ago,  dr.  barbara  rothbaum  and  colleagu...  copyright  2019  datafloq  copyright  2019  datafloq  in  order  to  optimize  the  website  and  to  continuously  improve  datafloq,  we  use  cookies.  for  more  information  click  .
__label__interactivedisplays every  month,  digitalfirst  or  appbased  banks  acquire  millions  of  new  users.  learn  why  traditional  banks  struggle  to  catchup,  and  are  threatened  with  extinction  by  2025.  a  recent  study  shows  it  pays  off  to  emphasize  your  financial  planning  and  investment  services.  check  out  this  infographic  to  learn  more.  its  easy  to  get  lost  in  the  branch  transformation  process,  but  this  guide  can  help  you  build  a  plan  where  nothing  slips  through  the  cracks.  ,  copublisher  of  the  financial  brand  and  publisher  of  the  the  internet  of  things  is  defined  as  a  way  fordevicesthat  are  connected  to  the  internet  to  communicate  and
__label__interactivedisplays share  information  with  other  smart  devices  in  real  time.in  context,  these  sensors  would  leverage  the  capabilities  of  big  data,  analytics  and  even  artificial  intelligence  to  anticipate  needs,  solve  problems  and  improve  efficiency.  estimates  of  the  size  of  the  iot  market  vary.  analysts  and  technology  providers  forecast  added  economic  value  of  anywhere  from  300  billion  to  15  trillion  by  decades  end.  and  fsis  will  most  likely  be  active  participants  in  this  transformation.  we  already  have  products  that  use  sensing  and  communication  technologies  in  a  range  of  consumer  sectors,  such  as  selfdriving  cars,  smart  appliances  and  geolocational  sensing  on  mobile  phones.  we
__label__interactivedisplays are  also  seeing  applications  in  business,  with  assembly  line  managementbeing  a  focal  area.  with  the  benefits  of  iot,  comes  challenges  such  asin  the  area  of  security  and  privacy.  with  the  explosion  of  devices  and  sensors,  cybersecurity  takes  on  a  whole  new  dimension  not  just  for  institutions  but  also  for  consumers.  with  more  digital  connections  and  information  being  transmitted,  digital  vulnerabilities  are  likely  to  expand  exponentially.  hear  how  one  financial  institution  in  an  agricultural  region  used  a  rebuild  to  invest  in  its  own  future,  as  well  as  leading  the  way  for  the  community.  mobile  deposit  is  increasing,  but  mobile  adoption  is
__label__interactivedisplays not  growing  as  fast  as  expected.  learn  why  in  harland  clarkes  mobile  deposit  consumer  survey  report.  what  does  the  flow  of  iotgenerated  insight  mean  for  financial  services?  many  firms  are  already  using  sensor  data  to  improve  customer  experience,  product  development  and  backoffice  performance.  while  contrarians  may  argue  that  the  iot  may  have  only  a  minimal  impact  in  the  foreseeable  future,  others  disagree.  by  enabling  the  collection  and  exchange  of  information  from  objects,  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  be  as  broadly  transformational  to  the  financial  services  industry  as  the  internet  itself,  states  ,  executive  director  of  the  and  the  author
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  deloitte  report,  .  that,  on  a  worldwide  basis,  endpoints  of  the  internet  of  things  will  grow  at  a  32.5  cagr  from  2013  to  2020,  reaching  an  installed  base  of  25.0  billion  units.  covering  more  than  200  different  categories  of  sensors,  across  consumer,  business,  and  verticalspecific  categories,  the  forecast  suggests  a  broad  expansion  of  deployments  between  now  and  the  decades  end.  obviously,  with  the  deployment  of  25  billion  new  endpoints,  there  will  be  opportunities  for  all  industries,  including  banking.  the  deloitte  analysis  suggests  that  as  many  as  onequarter  of  sensors  deployed  in  2013  could  be  of  use  to  fsis,
__label__interactivedisplays rising  to  onethird  in  2015  and  then  to  about  50  by  2020.  overall,  the  growth  in  sensor  deployments  for  financial  services  is  expected  to  be  very  strong,  ranging  from  just  over  20  to  100  annually  on  a  compounded  basis,  depending  on  the  sector.  some  use  cases  have  already  proven  themselves,  such  as  in  insurance  where  telematics  monitor  driver  behavior.  other  potential  applications  in  insurance  are  life,  health  and  homeowners  insurance  where  health  monitors  can  communicate  a  clients  well  being  or  a  homes  structural  condition  in  real  time.  another  example  is  in  commercial  real  estate,  where  sensors  within  commercial  buildings  of
__label__interactivedisplays all  types  can  help  better  manage  energy  usage,  environmental  comfort,  and  security.  this  could  impact  properties  attractiveness  and  thus  drive  increased  rental  income  and  investment  activity.  finally,branchbased  examples  of  iot  applications  could  include  video  tellers  andkiosks  in  bank  branches  wheresensing  technology  canmonitor  and  take  action  on  the  consumers  behalf.in  addition,  mobile  geolocation  capabilitiescombined  with  beacon  technology  can  introduce  a  customer  upon  entering  a  branch  with  prequeing  for  improved  service.  to  get  a  further  perspective  on  the  potential  of  the  internet  of  things  and  financial  services,  we  reached  out  to  some  members  of  the  financial  brand  crowdsource  panel  for  their  thoughts.
__label__interactivedisplays the  scope  of  their  insights  and  variance  of  their  perspectives  illustrates  why  many  consider  iot  to  be  the  wild  west  of  the  web  in  the  future.  mobile  commerce  and  payments  advisor  at  i  think  4  billion  smartphones  by  2020  being  refreshed  every  handful  of  years  has  the  upper  hand  on  dumb  and  cheap  sensors  in  a  iot  world.  the  smartphone  universe  is  global  and  crossdemographic.  the  supply  chain  is  complex,  but  well  oiled  and  scalable.  the  acquisition  channels  are  all  welldefined.  platforms  exist  and  have  scaled,  and  so  have  standards.  i  can  go  on  and  on  as  to  why  mobile
__label__interactivedisplays is  the  only  mature  platform  that  we  will  see  for  a  while  irrespective  of  how  many  types  of  other  devices  that  we  will  see  in  the  next  10  years.  there  is  no  other  use  case  that  will  warrant  similar  scale  in  iot.  its  not  for  a  lack  of  ip  connected  devices.  my  opinion  is  that  smartphones  will  continue  to  be  the  center  of  the  connected  device  universe  because  nothing  else  comes  close.  ceo  of  ,  and  radio  show  host  within  the  next  10  years,  well  launch  almost  100  billion  iot  devices  onto  the  worlds  stage.  whether  an  autonomous,  selfdriving  car
__label__interactivedisplays driving  for  uber,  a  smart  fridge  that  orders  your  groceries,  a  solarpowered  car  recharging  station  that  requests  a  payment  or  your  automated  assistant  on  your  smart  device  booking  your  airline  or  movie  tickets,  the  vast  majority  of  payment  and  financial  transactions  around  the  globe  will  be  fully  automated  within  a  decade.  these  are  bank  accounts  you  cant  kyc  for,  these  are  transactions  that  dont  involve  a  plastic  card,  nfc  chip  or  checkbook,  and  these  are  accounts  that  you  wont  find  listed  on  the  website  of  a  retail  bank.  the  internet  of  things  means  the  way  we  think  about  bank  products
__label__interactivedisplays and  services  and  how  we  marry  an  identity  with  an  account  is  going  to  be  completely  undermined  over  the  next  decade.  regulators  and  bankers  better  get  ready  for  a  new  reality.  chairmanof  the  and  author  of  the  internet  of  things  is  all  about  machines  trading  with  machines.  however,  machines  cannot  trade  with  machines  if  its  expensive  and  slow.  unfortunately  with  the  fourpillar  card  scheme  model  and  the  swift  counterparty  bank  system,  that  is  the  problem  we  face  today.  as  a  result,  we  need  an  internet  of  value  to  work  with  the  internet  of  things.  the  internet  of  value,  or  valueweb
__label__interactivedisplays for  short,  allows  machines  to  trade  with  machines  and  people  with  people,  anywhere  and  in  realtime  for  free.  using  a  combination  of  technologies  from  mobile  devices  and  the  bitcoin  blockchain,  fintech  firms  are  building  the  valueweb.  this  new  infrastructure  will  allow  machines  to  trade  with  machines  in  the  internet  of  things  in  realtime  for  near  free.  the  real  question  then  is  what  this  means  for  financial  institutions,  governments  and  citizens?  founding  director  of  innovation  at  it  seems  to  me  that  there  are  probably  three  main  ways  that  banking  will  intersect  with  the  internet  of  things  in  the  foreseeable  future.  the
__label__interactivedisplays first,  and  to  me  most  interesting,  is  the  issue  of  identification  and  authentication.  this  is  an  area  where  banks  ought  to  be  able  to  deliver  interesting  new  services  to  customers,  building  them  around  the  idea  of  safekeeping  and  privacy.  the  second,  and  im  not  the  only  person  to  focus  on  this  area,  is  in  terms  of  instrumentation  for  risk  management.  if  a  bank  knows  what  the  customers  staff  is  doing  all  the  time  then  all  sorts  of  services  and  not  just  insurers  can  be  optimized  and  given  the  right  context.  finally,  in  the  limited  field  of  payments,  banks  are  going
__label__interactivedisplays to  have  to  provide  services  to  things  and  this  strikes  me  as  being  a  fun  area  to  explore.  whats  the  point  of  marketing  a  new  credit  card  or  whatever  to  me  when  its  my  lightbulb  that  makes  the  decision  about  buying  electricity  partner  of  theinternational  i  see  within  5  years  new  categories  of  iot  establishing  themselves  into  the  mainstream  without  customers  having  to  do  anything  significant  other  than  upgrade.  i  see  iot  in  isolation  being  more  of  a  benefit  to  the  banking  ecosystem  than  to  legacy  banksindividually  because  of  1  data  apathy  banks  are  terrible  at  using  data  to  its
__label__interactivedisplays full  potential,  and  2business  model  inertia  most  impactful  iot  use  cases  require  fundamental  shifts  in  the  business  models  which  is  difficult  for  most  organizations.  without  a  significant  paradigm  shift,iot  will  be  slow  tobenefit  this  industry.  outside  of  new  fintech  players,  only  a  handful  of  legacy  banks  will  be  in  a  position  to  take  advantage  of  the  iot  opportunity  but  it  doesnt  have  to  be  that  way.  vp  entrepreneurial  partnerships  at  financial  products  are  all  about  risk  management.  many  will  be  familiar  with  how  insurance  companies  are  now  using  data  to  alter  health  or  autoinsurance  policies.  similarly,  real  time  data  can
__label__interactivedisplays make  a  difference  to  the  risk  a  bank  is  taking  when  they  providea  financial  product.  perhaps  demographics  make  a  consumera  risky  bet  for  a  loan,  but  sensor  data  shows  the  customer  isa  safe  driver,  theyare  thrifty  with  electricity  or  participate  inregularly  exercise.  perhaps  this  makes  the  customerstatistically  far  more  likely  to  pay  back  a  loan  on  time.  for  the  consumer,  this  means  a  more  affordable  loan.  for  the  bank,  a  new  customer  who  perhaps  would  have  gone  to  a  competitor  before  they  had  the  power  of  iot  data.  with  iot  in  financial  services,  enhanced  insights  allows  for  better  decisions  by
__label__interactivedisplays the  consumer  and  the  banking  organization,  allowing  for  a  more  perfect  marketplace  and  a  better  consumer  experience.  head  of  innovationat  the  growing  iot  opportunity  manifests  itself  in  an  augmented  world  of  sensors  and  connected  smart  devices  that  can  have  a  tremendous  implication  for  financial  services.  i  can  eventually  see  our  personal  identities  and  payment  mechanisms  become  part  of  this  broader  information  network,  much  in  the  same  way  the  web  and  smartphone  have  impacted  our  daily  lives  already.  our  connected  home  will  grow  to  include  an  expanding  array  of  security  and  home  monitoring  devices  that  provide  feedback  and  an  improved  quality
__label__interactivedisplays of  life,  while  transmitting  insight  to  our  trusted  partners  in  real  time.  for  banking,  this  insight  will  impact  insurance,  lending  opportunities  and  even  savings  offers.  our  connected  businesses  will  be  impacted  in  areas  like  trade  finance,  a  22  trillion  market  where  embedded  sensors  can  determine  the  location  and  condition  of  goods  shipped,  often  between  previously  unconnected  parties.  smaller  businesses  will  be  able  to  ship  goods  more  efficiently  on  a  global  basis  as  data  is  disseminated  by  trusted  data  providers.  these  behavioral  changes  will  impact  the  way  we  spend,  the  way  we  are  paid,  the  way  we  run  our  businesses,  and
__label__interactivedisplays our  interactions  with  banks.  in  addition  to  efficiencies,  ive  long  argued  that  the  growing  iot  ecosystem  should  be  embraced  by  financial  players  as  they  help  us  save  the  most  valuable  commodity  of  all  time.  realizing  the  iots  full  potential  is  based  on  a  framework  that  captures  the  series  and  sequence  of  activities  by  which  organizations  create  value  from  information.  deloitte  refers  to  this  as  the  information  value  loop.  insight  complete  the  loop  and  create  value  as  it  passes  through  the  loops  stages,  each  enabled  by  specific  technologies.  the  loop  is  completed  by  either  enabling  automated  autonomous  action  or  by  impacting
__label__interactivedisplays human  decisions  that  improves  the  overall  customer  experience.  the  amount  of  value  created  by  the  overall  information  loop  is  a  function  of  the  illustrative  value  drivers  identified  in  the  middle  magnitude,  risk,  and  time.  in  a  perfect  world,  the  more  data  points  the  bank  or  credit  union  has  to  verify,  the  stronger  the  identity  security  and  privacy  protection.  by  definition,  the  internet  of  things  shouldallow  an  institutionmore  data  points  forpurchase  and  identity  verification.  biometrics  should  also  assist  in  theauthentication  process  in  all  digital  banking  transactions,  withwearable  technologyincreasing  this  potential.  finally,  the  geolocational  capabilities  of  all  mobile  devices  helps  to  validate
__label__interactivedisplays a  specific  persons  whereabouts  as  part  of  the  verification  process.  more  data  points  can  can  also  help  the  bank  make  better  risk  management  decisions.  in  addition  to  tapping  into  social  media,  spending,  and  other  credit  behavior  data,the  ability  to  monitor  residential  and  commercial  premises  reduces  the  potential  for  loss  and  can  increase  the  ability  to  manage  commercial  operations.  on  the  negative  side,  iot  raises  some  questions  around  privacy  and  the  security  of  insight  that  is  collected.  most  firms  arent  prepared  for  the  security  of  such  vast  amounts  of  personal  data.  the  financial  services  sector  also  is  at  risk  due  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  presence  of  internet  of  things  tools  and  gadgets  within  firewalls  that  are  continually  beaconing  out  to  the  internet,  including  smart  tvs,  alarm  systems  and  even  smart  thermostats  used  by  banking  organizations.  the  risk  posed  by  the  internet  of  things  today  may  stillrelatively  modest,  but  as  these  devices  grow,the  incumbent  risk  also  increases.  the  potential  of  internet  of  things  is  that  the  applications  are  limitless.  there  are  hundreds  if  not  thousands  of  ways  the  iot  can  improve  the  customer  experience,  reduce  costs  and  inefficiency,  reduce  risks  and  increase  market  share.  the  key,  as  with  much  around  digital  banking,  is  how
__label__interactivedisplays well  any  organization  can  leverage  and  analyze  big  data  insights  in  real  time.  great  insight,  applied  at  the  right  time  for  the  benefit  of  the  customer  is  invaluable.  but,  the  deloitte  report  warns  that  an  avalanche  of  iotgenerated  data  will  dwarf  firms  current  data  volumes,  threatening  to  overwhelm  alreadyinadequate  strategies  and  technologies.  the  challenge,  again,  is  the  legacy  infrastructure  that  slows  down  the  delivery  and  application  of  insights.  this  is  where  nonbank  fintech  firms  can  take  advantage  of  their  newer  technologies  to  engage  the  consumer  and  impact  the  traditional  business  model  of  legacy  banking  organizations.  however,  says  eckenrode  from  deloitte,
__label__interactivedisplays firms  that  get  ahead  of  the  iot  trend  will  likely  be  at  an  information  advantage,  where  faster,  better,  and  cheaper  insight  can  create  opportunities  for  improved  customer  experience  and  operational  performance.  you  can  download  the  full  24page  deloitte  report,  .  directly  from  the  deloitte  university  presswebsite  instant  download,  no  registration  required.  deloitte  does  not  advertise  on  the  financial  brand,  and  no  compensation  nor  consideration  was  given  to  publish  this  story  or  provide  the  download  link.  is  copublisher  of  and  publisher  of  the  ,  a  subscriptionbased  publication  that  provides  deep  insights  into  the  digitization  of  banking,  with  over  150  reports  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  digital  available  to  subscribers.  you  can  follow  jim  on  and  ,  or  visit  his  .  this  article  was  originally  published  on  .  all  content  2019  by  and  may  not  be  reproduced  by  any  means  without  permission.  from  window  to  walls  to  floors  graphics,  create  memorable  experiences  for  your  customers.  learn  more.  how  does  your  brand  stack  up  across  the  martech  playing  field?  total  expert  will  walk  attendees  through  key  survey  insights  that  detail  the  top  technology  strategies  of  hundreds  of  banks  and  credit  unions.  the  question  of  whether  to  change  or  retain  your  name  is  often  not  the  right
__label__interactivedisplays or  only  question  that  senior  leaders  should  be  asking.  branches  are  still  the  1  driver  of  market  share  for  bank  brands.  learn  how  to  effectively  balance  efficiency  and  experience  to  rightsize  your  retail  network.  building  interactive  digital  experiences  that  improve  financial  wellness  for  your  account  holders  can  help  drive  revenue,  earn  trust  and  build  loyalty.  each  tuesday,  the  banking  transformed  podcast  has  an  interview  with  a  global  leader,  sharing  insights  on  digital  transformation  opportunities  and  challenges.  whether  your  fi  succeeds  or  fails  in  the  next  decade  will  be  determined  by  the  quality  of  your  marketing.  these  simple  marketing  tips  will
__label__interactivedisplays guarantee  your  success.  take  a  deep  dive  into  the  first  20  forbes  top  100  best  banks  in  america  to  analyze  digital  experiences  across  the  industry.  new  articles  with  ideas  and  insights  straight  to  your  inbox  every  week.  more  about  banking  customers  are  searching  online  for  answers  they  need  now.  ensure  youre  the  one  to  answer  their  call  for  help  through  search  engine  optimization.  whos  hitting  the  stage?  the  allstar  lineup  includes  martha  stewart,  jay  leno,  steve  young,  jerry  rice,  seth  godin  and  many  more.  upgrading  your  loan  origination  system  los  is  one  of  the  most  important  decisions  your  financial  institution
__label__interactivedisplays will  make  a  look  at  whether  your  current  selfsourced  or  outsourced  credit  card  program  is  providing  the  digital  capabilities  cardmembers  expect.  every  month,  digitalfirst  or  appbased  banks  acquire  millions  of  new  users.  learn  why  traditional  banks  struggle  to  catchup,  and  are  threatened  with  extinction  by  2025.  2019  the  financial  brand
__label__interactivedisplays this  week,  along  with  amazons  about  new  echo  devices  and  alexas  celebrity  voices,  came  news  of  ,  a  new  wireless  protocol  that  uses  low  bandwidth  to  extend  the  distance  at  which  iot  devices  can  be  controlled  and  requires  less  power  than  wifi.  this  seemingly  small  move  signals  amazons  faith  in  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  however.  the  latest  delves  into  new  applications  for  iot,  as  well  as  its  limitations,  with  a  focus  on  supply  chains  and  security.  many  developments  are  being  driven  by  the  impending  arrival  of  fifthgeneration  5g  networks,  which  will  offer  higher  data  processing,  lower
__label__interactivedisplays latencies  and  more  reliable  connectivity.  this,  in  turn,  will  support  intelligence  of  things  iot  applications  that  require  vast  amounts  of  data  to  be  processed  rapidly.  iot  consumer  applications  can  be  exciting:  voicepowered  microwaves,  smart  mailboxes,  weathersensitive  lawn  sprinklers.  but  iot  is  also  transforming  the  way  goods  get  from  point  a  to  point  b,  processes  that  arent  always  visible  to  consumers.  in  an  ,  cofounder  and  ceo  glenn  abood  talked  about  how  iot,  blockchain,  smart  contracts  and  other  emerging  technologies  have  the  potential  to  strengthen  track  and  trace  capabilities.  supply  chain  participants,  including  buyers,  suppliers  and  logistics  service  providers,  are  now
__label__interactivedisplays able  to  integrate  their  backend  platforms  directly  with  each  other.  this,  combined  with  the  adoption  of  tools  like  iot  and  smart  sensors,  is  enabling  realtime  visibility  like  never  before.  a  recent  survey  by  found  that  70  percent  of  senior  business  professionals  have  already  invested  significant  amounts  in  industrial  iot,  and  over  twothirds  of  this  group  plans  to  increase  their  investment  within  the  next  three  years.  why  so  bullish?  the  vast  majority  82  percent  said  that  existing  investments  in  industrial  iot  had  already  either  strongly  improved  or  somewhat  improved  their  supply  chain  issues,  and  92  percent  believe  that  industrial  iot  will
__label__interactivedisplays help  manage  the  supply  chain  to  be  more  efficient  and  profitable.  in  a  separate  survey  by  ,  roughly  80  percent  of  manufacturers  said  they  believe  connecting  processes  using  industrial  iot  data  is  the  new  arena  for  competition.  over  55  percent  stated  integration  as  a  key  inhibitor  to  achieving  full  value  and  scale  with  industrial  iot  deployments,  though.  additionally,  72  percent  said  they  are  not  effectively  connecting  industrial  iot  platforms  to  their  supply  chains,  which  could  open  up  opportunities  for  manufacturers.  all  of  this  innovation  is  also  benefiting  the  cold  chain  market,  which  is  to  be  worth  447.5  billionby  2025.  technological
__label__interactivedisplays advancements  in  packaging,  processing  and  storage  of  seafood  products  are  expected  to  drive  the  growth.  digital  platforms  manufacturer  intel  has  been  testing  tracking  and  condition  monitoring  with  blueberry  farms  in  oregon.  sensors  are  attached  to  pallets  to  monitor  factors  like  light,  humidity,  temperature,  location  and  tilt  shock.  blueberries  need  to  remain  at  very  low  temperatures  and  can  be  in  shipment  for  weeks  at  a  time.  obviously,  this  test  case  was  with  one  type  of  produce,  but  findings  can  have  implications  for  multiple  perishable  goods.  5g  promises  a  more  internet  of  thingsfriendly  ecosystem  with  vast  improvements  over  the  current  4g  capabilities.
__label__interactivedisplays however,  the  combination  of  5g  with  iot  will  also  raise  cybersecurity  concerns.  according  to  abi  research,  approximately  135  billion  is  expected  to  be  worldwide  on  critical  infrastructure  for  cybersecurity  in  2024.  even  so,  the  firm  recently  warned  that  many  smart  cities  may  not  be  investing  enough  in  cybersecurity  efforts  to  safeguard  their  growing  iot  deployments.  many  cities  turn  to  networks  with  low  bandwidth  costs,  wide  coverage  areas  and  low  latency,  but  that  may  not  be  particularly  suited  to  handling  cyberattacks,  they  said.  a  survey  by  digital  platform  security  firm  found  that  80  percent  of  organizations  iot  devices  that  they  manufacture
__label__interactivedisplays or  use  have  experienced  a  cyberattack  in  the  past  12  months.  manufacturing  and  production  79  percent  and  connected  transport  77  percent  were  in  line  with  the  average.  cyberattacks  against  iot  devices  cost  connected  transport  organizations  an  average  of  352,639  per  incident,  and  95  percent  of  that  sector  said  their  iot  devices  would  benefit  from  some  amount  of  improvements.  our  data  and  analytics  team  has  developed  a  number  of  creative  methodologies  and  frameworks  that  measure  and  benchmark  the  innovation  thats  reshaping  the  payments  and  commerce  ecosystem.  in  the  ,  pymnts  talks  with  dan  wheeler,  svp,  on  how  the  qsr  balances  security
__label__interactivedisplays and  seamlessness  to  secure  its  recently  launched  wahlclub  loyalty  program.  get  our  hottest  stories  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  the  pymnts.com  newsletter  to  get  updates  on  top  stories  and  viral  hits.  2019  whats  next  media  and  analytics
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  when  it  comes  to  payments,  consumers  want  convenience.  purses  are  getting  smaller,  wallets  are  getting  thinner  and  the  familiar  slogan  dont  leave  home  without  it  is  as  much  about  the  card  as  it  is  about  how  we  pay.  weve  come  to  expect  a  frictionless  payment  experience  around  every  corner,  whether  were  buying  online,  in  a  store,  at  a  kiosk  or  from  a  smartphone.  these  channels  almost  seem  to  be  yesterdays  technology  when  you  think  about  the  possibilities  with  the  internet  of  things.  this  is  why  the  internet  of  things  is  going  to  have  such  a  profound  impact
__label__interactivedisplays on  payments.  as  reported  by  forbes,  in  the  next  two  years  the  global  iot  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  28.5  percent,  from  157  billion  in  2016  to  457  billion  in  2020.  iot  can  be  described  as  connecting  any  physical  device  to  the  internet  and  allowing  data  to  flow,  thus  enabling  automation,  realtime  information  and  analytics.  enabling  payments  is  the  next  stop  for  iot  devices  to  expand  how  and  when  customers  pay.  the  driving  force  behind  the  next  form  of  frictionless  payments  will  be  your  car.  according  to  a  research  paper  published  by  visa
__label__interactivedisplays and  pymnts.com  entitled  the  digital  drive,  the  potential  for  payments  from  your  vehicle  is  real.  its  backed  by  research  that  shows  americans  spend  more  than  210  billion  a  year  on  gas,  parking,  food,  coffee  and  grocery  pickups  during  their  commute  to  and  from  work.  furthermore,  studies  show  how  consumers  already  use  inapp  payments  to  place  orders  for  their  morning  coffee,  or  meals  on  their  way  home.  the  third  largest  market,  capturing  20  percent  according  to  a  recent  report  by  growthenabler  marketsandmarkets  is  whats  commonly  known  as  connected  health.  hospitals  are  already  deploying  iot  to  improve  patient  care,  and  healthcare  personnel
__label__interactivedisplays productivity  with  tracking  bracelets  given  to  doctors,  nurses  and  patients  to  capture  location  information  and  duration  of  time  spent  at  a  station.  as  we  see  the  adoption  of  this  technology  in  industries  like  healthcare  grow,  it  paves  the  way  for  payments  through  iot  devices.  hospitals  are  not  unlike  hotels:  they  have  food  service,  retail,  and  parking  too.  facilitating  seamless  payments  can  help  make  a  patients  stay  more  comfortable  by  enabling  the  phone  and  tv  in  their  room.  also,  visiting  family  and  friends  will  benefit  from  the  convenience  of  paying  for  meals,  gifts  and  provisions  like  snacks  from  vending  machines  and,
__label__interactivedisplays the  behavioral  patterns  that  will  emerge  from  transaction  data  will  help  staff  provide  more  care  and  comfort  to  patients  during  their  stay.  of  course,  healthcare  isnt  the  only  market  well  see  payments  and  iot  intersect.  fitness  facilities  and  gyms  are  doing  more  and  more  with  tablet  and  kiosk  technology.  patrons  will  soon  pay  for  classes  and  order  smoothies  using  mobile  payment  methods  from  their  phone  and  watch.  consumers,  especially  those  having  grown  up  with  technology  like  laptops,  tablets,  and  smartphones,  want  to  make  a  payment  with  anything  and  have  frictionless  experience.  banks  and  retailers  see  this  and  are  expanding  their
__label__interactivedisplays payment  strategies  to  accommodate  emerging  trends  that  millennials  and  future  gen  z  shoppers  will  come  to  expect.  thats  why  payment  providers  are  proactively  addressing  trends  like  the  internet  of  things  with  new  programs  for  merchants,  iot  software  providers,  and  device  manufacturers.  mastercard  launched  an  internet  of  things  initiative  called  mastercard  engage  and  recently  expanded  to  connect  more  customers  with  service  providers  that  are  working  behind  the  scenes  to  integrate  the  technology.  others,  like  visa,  have  launched  several  programs  in  the  past  few  years.  they  have  their  visa  token  service  vts  which  is  designed  to  bring  secure  payments  to  wearables,  connected
__label__interactivedisplays cars,  and  other  connected  devices.  also,  the  visa  digital  enablement  program  vdep  was  created  to  make  it  easier  for  banks  to  offer  secure  mobile  payment  solutions  and  their  visa  ready  program,  their  certification  program  for  digital  payment  solutions.  the  ability  to  pay  with  anything  has  become  possible  because  the  payments  industry  has  come  together  and  is  working  to  make  it  easier  to  enable  digital  payments  via  connected  devices  securely.  not  that  long  ago  the  industry  was  speculating  on  the  future  of  the  internet  of  things  and  the  impact  it  would  have  on  the  payments  industry.  today,  its  clear  iot  has
__label__interactivedisplays matured  as  a  market,  and  payments  have  become  a  significant  part  of  this  new  experience  that  will  bring  ease  and  convenience  to  how  and  when  consumers  choose  to  pay.  topics:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  companies:  sponsored  links:  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in  to  continue  or  use  another  email  address.  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in  to  continue  or  use  another  email  address.  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:
__label__interactivedisplays iot  can  be  used  in  the  banking  industry;  some  examples  include  using  iot  for  atms,  using  devices  to  help  curb  spending,  having  more  flexible  ways  to  interact  with  bank  employees  and  open  accounts  and  using  wearables  to  help  efficiency  within  banks.  todays  world  is  increasingly  connected,  and  thats  largely  due  to  the  internet  and  now  .  iot  has  changed  how  people  track  their  fitness  levels,  protect  their  homes  and  much  more.  unsurprisingly,  then,  its  also  causing  in  various  sectors.  banking  is  one  of  them.  there  are  millions  of  automatic  teller  machines  atms  around  the  world,  and  people  interact  with  them
__label__interactivedisplays in  their  hometowns,  as  well  as  when  they  travel.  its  also  common  for  nonbanking  businesses,  such  as  convenience  stores,  hotels  and  nightclubs,  to  have  onsite  atms  as  conveniences  for  customers.  atms  have  been  around  for  decades,  but  theyre  thanks  to  iot.  some  have  embedded  sensors  that  can  detect  potential  tampering  that  could  indicate  atm  theft  attempts.  others  collect  data  such  as  by  tracking  which  atms  get  the  most  use  in  a  given  town  and  at  what  times.  then,  the  parties  responsible  for  keeping  those  machines  stocked  with  cash  can  respond  in  kind.  moreover,  some  atms  link  with  other  connected  services,
__label__interactivedisplays like  smartphone  apps.  wells  fargo  is  among  the  growing  number  of  banks  that  allow  customers  to  retrieve  cash  without  using  their  bank  cards.  they  receive  singleuse  codes  on  their  smartphones  that  serve  the  same  purpose  as  inserting  a  card.  with  help  from  iot,  banks  that  offer  this  service  or  a  similar  one  could  get  statistics  that  tell  how  many  people  use  that  cardfree  service.  those  entities  could  then  use  that  data  for  marketing  or  customer  interaction  improvements.  budgeting  is  something  almost  everyone  has  to  do.  apps  exist  that  link  to  bank  accounts,  then  let  people  set  spending  alerts.  when  they
__label__interactivedisplays get  too  close  to  the  defined  upper  limit,  they  get  smartphone  notifications  that  urge  them  to  curb  their  spending.  some  brands  are  confident  iot  offers  even  more  opportunities  to  help  people  stay  within  their  budgets.  a  company  called  iedigital  has  that  allows  banking  customers  to  log  into  their  bank  accounts  and  connect  them  with  an  assortment  of  iot  gadgets  intended  to  keep  their  spending  in  check.  the  two  devices  compatible  with  the  platform  so  far  are  ,  an  iot  device  that  delivers  mild  electrical  shocks  to  the  wrist  to  help  break  bad  habits,  and  the  .  more  specifically,  the  pavlok
__label__interactivedisplays provides  a  stimulus  when  people  go  over  their  set  spending  limits,  but  they  get  smartphone  notification  warnings  that  theyre  getting  close  first.  concerning  the  nest  smart  thermostat,  people  indicate  how  much  they  want  to  spend  on  home  heating  each  month.  if  they  use  up  that  amount,  the  nest  automatically  turns  itself  down  to  a  userdesignated  temperature,  helping  them  save  money.  financial  brands  know  that  customers  want  help  monitoring  their  spending.  they  may  soon  follow  the  lead  of  iedigital  and  figure  out  how  to  leverage  iot  devices  as  tools  to  help.  speaking  of  spending,  forecasters  predict  iot  spending  will  get  a
__label__interactivedisplays boost  in  2019.  research  indicates  the  global  market  value  of  the  iot  should  reach  745  billion  in  2019,  from  2018  levels.  various  sectors  will  contribute  to  that  change,  but  banking  will  undoubtedly  play  a  role  in  the  growing  market.  most  leading  banks  offer  ,  ranging  from  checking  accounts  to  automobile  loans.  those  services  help  people  get  the  most  value  from  their  financial  institutions.  some  customers  specifically  look  for  certain  amenities  when  deciding  which  bank  deserves  their  business.  iot  tech  will  likely  positively  impact  those  services  by  giving  people  more  ways  to  access  them,  similarly  to  how  online  banking  sparked  changes.
__label__interactivedisplays some  banks  enable  people  to  speak  commands  to  amazon  or  google  smart  speakers  and  check  their  account  balances  or  pay  bills,  for  example.  in  some  cases,  people  can  even  use  the  technology  to  tell  the  bank  theyve  lost  their  debit  cards,  thereby  letting  the  enterprise  swiftly  cancel  those  cards  and  prevent  fraudulent  transactions.  setting  up  an  account  could  become  even  easier,  too.  in  the  irish  market,  aib  improved  its  app  to  let  people  .  ordinarily,  the  process  is  cumbersome  because  it  requires  people  to  set  up  inperson  appointments  and  its  often  not  possible  to  arrange  an  appointment  on  the  same
__label__interactivedisplays day  of  that  initial  visit.  plus,  people  have  to  show  utility  bills  as  proof  of  residency.  but,  if  theyve  just  moved  to  a  new  abode,  they  may  not  get  a  statement  with  the  updated  address  until  the  next  billing  cycle  occurs.  when  people  use  aibs  app  instead,  they  have  video  chats  with  banking  agents  and  only  need  to  display  their  passports  for  identification.  banks  know  customers  want  to  take  care  of  their  financial  needs  without  hassles.  people  should  expect  brands  in  the  sector  will  continue  to  look  for  ways  to  use  the  iot  to  provide  more  possibilities  or  cut  out
__label__interactivedisplays unnecessary  steps.  most  banks  have  various  departments,  plus  employees  who  handle  particular  customer  needs.  for  example,  a  person  interested  in  taking  out  a  business  loan  might  initially  express  that  need  to  a  bank  teller  at  the  front  counter,  but  would  likely  go  to  another  part  of  the  bank,  such  as  a  dedicated  office,  to  chat  to  a  loan  specialist.  communications  between  departments  must  happen  smoothly  to  keep  customer  satisfaction  levels  high.  thats  why  for  a  trial  involving  customized  gear  s3  wearables  for  enhanced  interbranch  conversations.  preset  messages  such  as  your  10  a.m.  appointment  is  here  allow  bank  workers  to  tell
__label__interactivedisplays their  colleagues  things  without  needing  to  walk  to  other  departments  or  make  phone  calls.  the  wearables  also  give  people  alerts  when  recipients  finish  the  requests  the  sender  distributed.  then,  theres  no  need  to  wonder  if  the  person  took  the  necessary  action  to  help  a  customer  or  if  they  need  to  follow  up.  then,  in  cases  when  textbased  messages  wont  work,  the  wearables  also  have  builtin  speakers  and  microphones.  its  also  worth  pointing  out  this  test  to  evaluate  the  worthiness  of  wearables  for  banking  communications  happened  in  new  york  city.  its  one  of  the  busiest  places  in  the  world,  meaning  the
__label__interactivedisplays samsung  devices  probably  helped  workers  handle  nearconstant  discussions  every  day.  although  this  overview  of  uses  for  the  revealed  several  existing  use  cases,  adoption  levels  are  still  relatively  low.  banking  brands  will  likely  experiment  with  the  possibilities  mentioned  here,  as  well  as  implementing  many  others  in  the  coming  years.
__label__interactivedisplays an  atm  in  indiarequires  rs.  35,000  a  month  on  an  average  on  operational  and  maintenance  expenditure,  with  the  average  cost  per  transaction,  excluding  the  security  guards  income,  at  rs  1025.  key  performance  indicators  kpi  such  as  safety,  energy  efficiency,  asset  management  and  network  performance  play  crucial  role  in  determining  the  profitability  of  an  atm  facility.  palmsized  sensors  stream  data  on  atm  vitals  from  room  temperature  to  natural  light  sources  to  the  movement  of  the  security  guard,  leveraging  internet  of  things  iot  to  help  service  providers  run  atms  on  lighter  operational  expenditure  models.  iot  and  softwareautomated  processes  can  help  banks  cut
__label__interactivedisplays costs  by  saving  power,  curbing  pilferage,  managing  incidents  such  as  stuck  debit  cards,  card  reader  malfunctions,  stuck  receipts,  low  cash  reserves,  high  degree  of  power  wastage,  remotely  controlling  the  atm  to  shut  it  whenever  the  security  alarm  goes  off.  atm  facility/replenishment/improvement  perspective:  end  users  perspective:  todays  atms  show  advertisements  for  various  financial  products  while  you  await  for  few  seconds  for  your  transaction  to  be  completed.so,  what  if  the  customer  wants  to  learn  more  about  that  particular  displayed  offer  right  at  that  moment,  and  if  he  would  like  to  set  up  an  appointment  for  an  online  consultation  later?  those  midtransaction  advertising
__label__interactivedisplays impressions  are  valuable,  and  a  functionality  of  further  conversation  via  voice  and  video  communications  from  the  atm,  brings  opportunity  for  new  business  and  enhances  customer  experience.  further  enhancement  could  be  iot  will  allow  video  atm  conversations  to  be  moved  to  a  video  enabled  device  like  a  phone,  tablet  or  google  glass  which  will  free  up  the  atm  for  the  next  user  and  let  that  customer  continue  the  conversation  on  his  device  and  in  a  more  private  environment.
__label__interactivedisplays from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__interactivedisplays using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__interactivedisplays assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  sierra  wireless  is  working  with  retailers  and  original  equipment  manufacturers  oems  worldwide  to  capitalize  on  the  iot  for  secure,  highly  reliable  cellular  pos  and  retail  applications.  we  provide  the  complete  devicetocloud  iot  solution,  from  rugged  and  reliable  ,  to  intelligent  ,
__label__interactivedisplays to  comprehensive  .  and  we  have  the  cellular  expertise  to  compress  development  schedules  and  help  you  deploy  solutions  faster  and  at  a  lower  cost.  money  mart  is  a  leading  provider  of  alternative  financial  services,  with  nearly  1500  retail  locations  in  north  america  and  europe.  the  company  has  been  providing  lowcost  payday  loans,  check  cashing,  money  orders  and  other  financial  services  for  more  than  30  years.  in  the  past,  when  systems  went  down  in  a  money  mart  location,  the  company  could  lose  hundreds  of  thousands  of  dollars  per  day.  now,  money  mart  is  using  airlink  es450  lte  gateways  to  provide  backup
__label__interactivedisplays connectivity  to  keep  stores  up  and  running  at  all  times.  the  airlink  solution  provides  reliable  backup  connectivity  at  every  money  mart  locationeven  in  areas  where  wireline  backup  connections  would  be  impossible.  the  company  can  set  up  wireless  backup  connectivity  in  less  than  10  minutes,  and  monitor  and  manage  the  entire  deployment  centrally.  money  mart  technicians  can  address  connectivity  issues  proactivelybefore  they  affect  business  operationsand  resolve  most  problems  without  having  to  dispatch  a  technician  onsite.  we  did  our  due  diligence,  and  im  glad  we  chose  to  upgrade  to  the  airlink  es450  4g  enterprise  gateway.  we  have  begun  our  deployment  and  so
__label__interactivedisplays far,  the  upgrade  has  been  seamless  and  the  product  has  performed  perfectly,  ensuring  our  branches  are  always  online.  money  mart  sierra  wireless  has  two  decades  of  experience  delivering  businesscritical  cellular  solutions,  with  millions  of  connected  m2m  gateways  and  modules  operating  in  retail  deployments  worldwide.  we  have  an  indepth  understanding  of  business  and  technical  requirements  for  connected  pos  and  retail  systems,  with  support  for  virtually  any  interface  required.designed  for  demanding  retail  applications,  our  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and
__label__interactivedisplays welcome  to  finextra.  we  use  cookies  to  help  us  to  deliver  our  services.  well  assume  youre  ok  with  this,  but  you  may  change  your  preferences  at  our  .  please  read  our  .  for  finextras  free  daily  newsletter,  breaking  news  and  flashes  and  weekly  job  board.  disruptive  technologies  are  challenging  traditional  bank  business  models  and  changing  how  banks  interact  with  their  customers.  cores  are  being  modernized,  and  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  machine  learning  ml  technologies  are  automating,  refining  and  optimizing  processes.  meanwhile,  digital  and  mobileonly  direct  banks  have  surged  in  popularity,  and  banking  solutions  are  moving  to  the  cloud.  these  are
__label__interactivedisplays natural  adaptations  to  the  ondemand,  digital  experiences  to  which  customers  have  become  accustomed  when  they  make  purchases  online,  travel  or  secure  a  ride  on  their  phonebut  its  left  many  to  question  whether  this  is  the  beginning  of  the  end  for  the  bank  branch.  while  branch  closures  are  becoming  common,  the  media  tends  to  overhype  the  significance  of  what  this  really  signals  for  the  future  of  banking.  in  truth,  banks  are  closing  and  opening  branches.  their  intention?  to  launch  reimagined  branches  that  complement  and  capitalize  on  todays  technologies  and  tomorrows  possibilities,  and  serve  to  deepen  customer  experience,  increase  engagement,  and  win
__label__interactivedisplays customer  trust.  heres  a  closer  look  at  what  the  branch  of  the  future  may  look  like.  now  that  moreand  more  ofbank  interactions  are  digital,  forwardthinking  banks  are  committed  to  rediscovering  how,  why  and  for  whom  a  branch  adds  value.  specific  approaches  will  vary  depending  on  demographics,  volumes  and  target  markets,  but  well  see  a  number  of  banks  begin  to  leverage  their  existing  physical  presence  to  deliver  a  revamped  branch  caf  of  sorts  this  year.  heres  what  to  expect:  the  branch/caf  space  is  open  and  welcoming,  and  customers  will  be  greeted  with  tablets  or  smart  technology  where  universal  bankers  can  assist
__label__interactivedisplays them  with  all  banking  needs.  personal  interactions  can  occur  directly  in  the  open  spaces  or  in  more  private  pods,  as  appropriate  for  the  conversations.  cumbersome  processes  like  waiting  in  a  teller  line  will  be  replaced  by  a  combination  of  selfservice  devices  and  roving  advisors  who  are  on  hand  to  ensure  the  best  possible  experience,  first  and  foremost.  digital  selfservicing  tools  allow  bankers  on  site  to  spend  more  time  proactively  engaged  with  customers  on  revenuegenerating  activities,  and  to  provide  advice.  a  customer  may  open  an  account  instantly  on  a  selfserve  kiosk,  for  example,  but  the  roving  banker  ensures  that  he  or
__label__interactivedisplays she  gets  the  exact  right  product  for  her  needs.  the  selfservice  kiosk  will  become  more  predominant  this  year,  particularly  at  locations  with  high  transaction  volumes.  inbranch  kiosks  can  run  on  existing  network  infrastructure  and  are  ultraaffordable  compared  to  atms.  .  digital  signage  in  the  branch  of  the  future  provides  focal  points  and  flexibility.  as  branches  transform,  physically  and  functionally,  digital  signage  will  guide  customers,  promote  bank  products  and  services  and  engage  community  involvement.  biometrics  can  be  employed  via  tablets  and  selfservice  kiosks  to  recognize  and  authenticate  customer  interactions  for  a  frictionless  experience.  for  situations  demanding  advanced  advisory  services,  video  and
__label__interactivedisplays chat  will  offer  ways  to  leverage  virtual  specialists  while  still  providing  a  personal  touch.  internet  of  things  iot  beacons  can  recognize  a  customers  smartphone  and  track  its  movement  within  the  branch  to  provide  insight  into  customer  behavior  and  patterns.  banks  can  then  utilize  iot  to  deliver  personalized  messages  and  experiences  to  smartphones,  kiosks  and  digital  signage.  more  advanced  iot  implementations  provide  the  capability  to  conduct  basic  banking  using  wearables,  and  support  conversational  or  voice  banking,  all  of  which  facilitate  continuous  customer  engagement.  reinventing  the  physical  space  entails  new  design  metaphors  and  digitallyenabled  technologies  that  create  unique  centers  of  customer  engagement.
__label__interactivedisplays most  importantly,  branches  of  the  future  must  be  customercentric  in  nature.  as  part  of  an  optimallysized  branch  network,  the  futurestate  branches  will  be  an  active  and  critical  participant  in  the  banks  overall  customer  strategy.  the  synergy  of  these  core  values  will  drive  enhanced  and  differentiating  branch  experiences  for  well  into  the  future.  whatever  the  look,  feel  and  functionality  each  bank  determines  a  branch  will  offer,  the  physical  location  exists  to  deliver  the  best  possible  customer  experience,  which  then  primes  the  bank  to  deliver  and  reap  maximum  value  from  all  channels.  for  finextras  free  daily  newsletter,  breaking  news  and  flashes  and
__label__interactivedisplays weekly  job  board.  head  of  strategy,  banking  fis  member  since  17  sep  2018  location  toronto  blog  posts  24  comments  1  this  post  is  from  a  series  of  posts  in  the  group:  growth  in  internet  and  mobile  technologies  has  transformed  many  industries  and  economies.  the  market  forces  and  competitive  landscape  has  completely  changed  in  many  sectors.  itunes  has  fundamentally  changed  music  industry,  amazon  has  driven  most  big  brick  and  mortar  book  sellers  out  of  business,  expedia  is  one  of  the  worlds  biggest  travel  company..  the  list  goes  on.internet  and  mobile  technologies  are  big  disrupters  for  most  industries.  what  started  and  tapered
__label__interactivedisplays a  bit  with  the  dot  com  boom  of  2000  has  become  a  lethal  threat  to  most  business  models  today.  powered  by  mass  adoption  in  mobiles  phones,  proliferation  of  smart  phones  and  cheaper  bandwidth,  internet  and  mobile  technology  have  changed  many  industries.  the  banking  industry  in  has  been  dominated  by  a  handful  of  big  global  or  regional  banks  for  100s  of  years.  while  the  credit  crisis  has  shaken  this  industry,  the  core  market  forces  for  the  industry  have  not  changed.  will  innovation  in  internet  and  mobile  technologies  disrupt  retail  banking?will  there  be  5  new  names  in  global  top  10  retail  banks
__label__interactivedisplays in  todays  age  of  technological  personalization,  consumers  have  come  to  expect  tailored  recommendations  when  they  log  into  apps  or  online  portals.  to  adapt  and  find  innovative  ways  to  better  serve  their  customers,  many  banks  and  have  redesigned  their  processes  with  machine  learning  and  other  emerging  technologies.  to  help  create  a  personalized  experience,  many  financial  institutions  are  moving  to  edge  computing,  which  places  the  processing  and  storage  capabilities  near  the  perimeter  of  the  providers  network.  computation  happens  in  the  cloud,  which  can  increase  speed  and  lower  latency.  customers  often  have  concerns  and  needs  based  on  their  life  stage  and  financial  situation.
__label__interactivedisplays when  financial  institutions  use  static  signs,  each  message  tends  to  only  appeal  to  a  small  portion  of  customers.  as  a  result,  youll  often  see  branch  offices  filled  with  many  signs  for  different  products.  this  approach  typically  isnt  as  effective,  because  consumers  dont  always  know  what  products  they  need.  by  potentially  gathering  anonymized  data  through  an  app  or  personal  interactions  and  nearfield  communications  technology,  financial  services  companies  can  personalize  signage  for  the  customer  near  the  display.  personalized  signage  can  be  especially  impactful  if  it  both  conveys  information  that  helps  the  customer  solve  a  problem  and  advertises  products.  for  example,  when  a
__label__interactivedisplays new  or  expecting  parent  is  inside  the  bank,  a  digital  sign  could  display  a  recommendation  for  how  much  a  parent  should  save  each  month  for  their  childs  education,  as  well  as  information  about  529  savings  plans.  or,  when  a  newlywed  approaches  the  teller,  the  digital  signage  at  the  window  could  provide  information  about  home  loans.  because  every  minute  if  not  every  second  matters  when  customers  are  moving  around  the  lobby,  technologies  can  help  ensure  the  right  data  arrives  at  the  sign  at  the  right  time  to  display  a  relevant  message.  instead  of  just  using  atms  as  a  place  to  withdraw
__label__interactivedisplays money,  financial  institutions  are  now  using  interactive  kiosks  to  create  an  experience  in  addition  to  conducting  a  transaction.  by  using  data  and  artificial  intelligence,  banks  using  video  tellers  at  a  kiosk  can  match  customers  up  with  tellers  theyre  most  likely  to  connect  with.  for  other  interactions,  the  kiosk  can  potentially  display  messaging  based  on  the  customers  needs  and  default  to  the  transaction  the  customer  is  likely  to  perform  based  on  their  activity  history.  kiosks  can  also  be  used  to  provide  augmented  reality  and  virtual  reality  experiences.  for  example,  a  newlywed  couple  can  experience  life  in  a  new  home,  while  a
__label__interactivedisplays couple  nearing  retirement  could  take  a  virtual  reality  trip  to  a  dream  destination.  virtual  reality  consumes  a  large  amount  of  bandwidth,  and  unreliable  connections  can  hinder  the  experience.  edge  technologies  can  help  support  these  consumer  experiences.  when  banks  can  deploy  clusters  between  the  edge  and  data  centers,  the  transport  distance  between  the  customer  and  the  cloud  is  shorter  and  the  transmission  of  data  can  be  more  reliable.  customers  want  to  be  able  to  conduct  their  bank  business  from  wherever  they  are  when  the  need  arises.  according  to  the  mobile  ecosystem  forums  recent  ,  61  percent  of  those  surveyed  used  their
__label__interactivedisplays phone  for  banking  activity,  and  48  percent  have  used  a  dedicated  banking  app.  many  customers  now  expect  banks  to  offer  a  banking  app,  and  financial  institutions  not  offering  this  service  could  be  falling  behind.  these  apps  can  help  control  costs,  improve  backoffice  efficiency,  and  optimize  reach  to  employees  and  customers.  by  also  thinking  of  specific  customer  segments  and  designing  apps  tailored  to  their  needs,  customer  satisfaction  can  improve.  many  organizations  are  now  providing  employees  with  tablets  so  they  can  move  throughout  the  branch  to  help  customers.  in  addition  to  providing  personal  service,  this  can  decrease  wait  times  and  improve  efficiency.
__label__interactivedisplays with  realtime  data  transmission  being  essential,  edge  technologies  can  provide  highspeed  connections  and  processing  for  roaming  employees.  they  can  also  help  maintain  quality  of  experience  qoe  with  reduced  latency  and  more  efficient  utilization  of  network  capacity.  as  financial  organizations  implement  the  technologies  essential  to  digital  transformation,  they  can  enable  digital  signage,  mobile  banking  and  personalized  kiosks  to  help  make  each  customer  feel  important  from  the  moment  they  walk  through  the  door.  when  customers  receive  personalized  service,  they  often  feel  as  if  the  business  understands  their  needs,  which  can  increase  their  level  of  trust  and  overall  loyalty  to  the  institution.  inspire
__label__interactivedisplays renewed  loyalty,  streamline  operations,  and  position  yourself  to  outpace  competitors  with  integrated,  datadriven  solutions.  share  this  with  others  sign  up  for  the  att  business  newsletter  att  intellectual  property.  all  rights  reserved.  att,  the  att  logo  and  all  other  att  marks  contained  herein  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property  and/or  att  affiliated  companies.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  this  site  uses  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies.  these  help  the  site  function  better.  they  also  help  us  improve  it.  this  data  gives  us  feedback  on  how  you  use  our  products  and  services,  helps  us  develop  promotional  and
__label__interactivedisplays marketing  material  more  relevant  to  you,  and  allows  us  to  connect  you  with  apt  content  from  third  parties.  read  more  about  cookies  and  how  to  manage  your  settings  for  information  specifically  applicable  to  users  in  the  european  economic  area,  please  .  please  provide  the  following  information  to  access  your  document:  to  access  your  content,  please  check  your  browser  settings  to  make  sure  popup  windows  are  allowed.
__label__interactivedisplays if  you  dont  find  your  country/region  in  the  list,  see  our  .  at  its  most  basic,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  network  of  connected  physical  objects  embedded  with  sensors.  iot  allows  these  devices  to  communicate,  analyze  and  share  data  about  the  physical  world  around  us  via  networks  and  cloudbased  software  platforms.  in  the  case  of  retail,  the  things  can  include  rfid  inventory  tracking  chips,  traditional  instore  infrared  foottraffic  counters,  cellular  and  wifi  tracking  systems,  digital  signage,  a  kiosk,  or  even  a  customers  mobile  device.  key  applications  of  iot  for  retailers  include  supply  chain,  connected  consumer  and  smartstore  applications.
__label__interactivedisplays in  particular,  lets  look  at  five  areas  where  retailers  are  taking  advantage  of  iot:  with  the  rapid  growth  of  online  shopping,  retailers  are  very  keen  to  bring  the  frictionless  customer  experience  of  online  shopping  into  the  store  wherever  they  can.  they  want  access  to  the  same  type  of  rich  data  and  highperformance  analytics  that  retailers  use  to  drive  websites  and  mobile  shopping  trips.  their  goal  is  to  have  that  same  limitless  control  to  craft  a  customer  experience  and  collect  detailed  data  to  help  them  predict  how  customers  will  shop.  the  differentiation  with  iot  will  come  from  a  retailers  ability  to
__label__interactivedisplays on  iot  data  with  analytics.  it  wont  be  in  the  technology,  the  devices  or  the  iot  plumbing.  to  take  advantage  of  this  new  promising  area,  retailers  should  focus  on  iot  applications  that  better  serve  customers  and  create  value.  want  more  insights  from  sas?  or  check  back  often  to  get  on  the  topics  you  care  about,  including  analytics,  big  data,  data  management,  marketing,  risk  and  fraud.  feedback
__label__interactivedisplays boost  sales,  keep  employees  informed  and  drive  customer  engagement  with  dynamic  messaging  build  networks  of  smart,  connected  devices  with  our  application  enablement  platform  and  cloud  services  deliver  messages  from  a  distance  with  environmentallyfriendly,  daylight  readable  displays  from  digital  signs  and  ticket  kiosks  to  beverage  dispensers  and  parking  meters,  many  of  the  devices  that  you  see  and  interact  with  on  a  daily  basis  are  managed  and  monitored  remotely.  for  more  than  a  decade,  wiresprings  software  platform  has  enabled  companies  to  design  and  deploy  large  networks  of  connected  devices  and  manage  them  from  the  cloud.  here  are  some  of  our  most  recent
__label__interactivedisplays determining  the  best  media  player  for  your  digital  signage,  kiosk,  pos  or  industrial  computing  project  can  be  a  time  consuming  task.  now  micros  digital  media  player  selector  allows  you  to  choose  the  best  device  for  your  implementation  by  narrowing  down  your  desired  features,  such  as  type  of  content  supported,  number  of  displays  supported  and  device  form  factor.  now  micros  innovative  digital  signage  solutions  and  services  help  customers  from  range  of  industries  better  procure,  deploy,  manage  and  secure  their  visual  communication  devices.  with  a  focus  on  innovation  and  automation,  now  micro  delivers  turnkey  solutions  that  simplify  all  phases  of  device  lifecycle.
__label__interactivedisplays our  engineering  team  works  with  customers  to  provide  tailored,  embedded  image  design  services  for  digital  signage,  healthcare,  pos,  and  kiosk  solutions  that  meet  regulatory,  security,  and  user  requirements.  we  actively  partners  with  customers  to  design,  develop,  and  deploy  purpose  built  computer  platforms  for  a  variety  of  vertical  markets.  now  micros  collection  of  hardware  and  software  solutions  are  perfectly  suited  to  solve  unique  technical  problems  with  ease.  our  solutions  are  used  by  over  60,000  users  and  have  helped  customers  streamline  their  deployment  process.  using  now  micro  configurator  allows  customers  to  apply  first  version  configurations  from  the  cloud,  making  for  a  more
__label__interactivedisplays flexible  and  nimble  field  deployment  process.  this  service  was  developed  to  address  common  customer  pain  points  when  deploying  systems  in  the  field.  now  micro  serves  as  a  premier  information  technology  partner  to  organizations  across  a  range  of  industries,  including  education,  government,  banking,  hospitality  and  retail.  through  superior  customer  service  and  reliable,  quality  product  and  software  solutions,  now  micro  helps  customers  optimize  their  investment  in  resources  and  technology.  want  to  work  for  a  leading  provider  of  technology  products  and  cuttingedge  it  services?  check  out  now  micros  career  opportunities.  now  micro  offers  multiple  warranties  to  meet  your  specific  needs.  find  more  information
__label__interactivedisplays and  terms  on  our  warranties.  for  assistance  regarding  any  products  or  services  offered  by  now  micro  reach  out  to  our  sales  team.  sales  support  is  available  to  assist  with  questions  regarding  orders,  etas  or  tracking  information.  ask  our  technical  support  team  your  questions  about  troubleshooting,  repair  or  warranty  replacement.  can  help  you  choose  the  right  embedded  computing  device  for  your  project.  built  on  windows  10  iot  core,  these  html5  players  dont  compromise  on  security,  manageability  or  support.  apply  windows  settings  and  customizations  at  the  time  of  field  deployment  from  the  cloud.  edge  of  premise  computing  to  power  captivating  experiences.  now
__label__interactivedisplays micro  serves  as  a  premier  provider  of  digital  signage  and  related  solutions  to  organizations  across  a  range  of  industries  including  education,  government,  banking,  hospitality  and  retail.  now  micro  helps  customer  optimize  their  investment  in  resources  and  technology  through  carefully  designed  products,  automation  and  deep  understanding  of  your  solution  requirements.  through  superior  customer  service  and  reliable,  quality  product  and  software  solutions,  now  micro  has  been  a  trusted  advisor  to  numerous  companies  in  the  vertical  market  of  digital  signage  for  more  than  10  years.  learn  how  now  micro  can  help  your  organization  achieve  its  goals.  1645  energy  park  drive  suite  100  saint
__label__interactivedisplays myadvantech  is  a  personalized  portal  for  advantech  customers.  by  becoming  an  advantech  member,  you  can  receive  latest  product  news,  webinar  invitations  and  special  estore  offers.  sign  up  today  to  get  24/7  quick  access  to  your  account  information.  specifically  designed  for  transportation  hubs  and  public  service  spaces,  advantechs  passenger  selfservice  kiosks  provide  clear  information  and  navigational  directions  to  assist  passengers  with  transit  wayfinding  and  making  onward  connections.  selfservice  kiosks  can  also  be  used  for  service  checkin  and  ticketing  at  peak  times  to  improve  service  speeds,  reduce  wait  times,  and  increase  passenger  satisfaction.  integrated  with  remote  management  software,  these  selfservice  kiosks  can
__label__interactivedisplays also  provide  a  webbased  digital  signage  management  platform.  managers  can  use  this  platform  to  edit  and  dispatch  interactive  advertisements  and  set  content  delivery  schedules  for  targeted  marketing.  for  example,  selfservice  kiosks  can  be  configured  to  display  discount  information  at  nonmeal  times  to  attract  customer  interest  and  increase  potential  purchase  motivations.  transportation  hubs  the  provision  of  clear  information  and  navigational  directions  is  essential  for  transportation  hubs,  especially  during  peak  travel  times.  advantech  offers  diverse  panel  pcs  with  varying  screen  sizes  to  support  the  provision  of  clear  and  specific  wayfinding  information.  advantechs  selfservice  kiosks  support  selfcheckin  and  ticketing  applications  and  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays installed  at  transportation  hubs  such  as  train  stations  and  airports.  selfservice  kiosks  can  improves  the  overall  service  speed  and  reduce  wait  times  to  ultimately  increase  customer  satisfaction.  selfservice  information  kiosks  can  be  equipped  with  advantechs  remote  management  software  wisepaas/rmm,  which  enables  managers  to  remotely  monitor  devices,  conduct  database  backups  and  recovery,  and  configure  power  on/off  schedules  to  protect  the  system  from  unwanted  applications.
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  steve  latham  how  will  the  internet  of  things  iot  impact  the  kiosk  industry?  its  a  tough  question  to  answer  since  the  successof  much  of  the  iot  technology  will  depend  on  how  well  it  is  executed  by  manufacturers,  integrators  and  operators.  one  industry  veteran,  however,  thinks  that  iot  brings  a  lot  of  opportunity  to  the  kiosk  industry.  well  continue  to  see  growth  in  the  consumer  sector  for  iot,  but  stronger  industrialbased  iot  implementations  both  in  b2c  and  b2b,said  steve  latham,  ceo  of  banyan  hills  technologies,  a  software  provider,  integrator  and  consultant  focusing  on  the  kiosk  industry.  latham,  who
__label__interactivedisplays prior  to  launching  banyan  hills  technologies  in  2013  was  chief  technology  officer  for  the  entertainment  division  of  ncr  corp.,  helped  orchestrate  a  successful  divestiture  of  the  business  to  redbox  for  125  million.  latham  recently  sat  down  to  discuss  the  impact  of  iot  on  the  kiosk  industry.  the  discussion  included  his  assessment  of  digital  media  on  kiosks,  the  impact  of  iot  technology  on  kiosks,  and  new  use  cases  for  kiosks.  the  following  are  excerpts  from  a  qa  with  latham.  :  redbox  is  seen  by  many  observers  as  one  of  the  most  successful  kiosk  deployments.  what  did  you  learn  while  working  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  dvd  rental  kiosk  business  while  you  were  at  ncr  corp.?  :  we  had  to  be  able  to  instrument  a  machine  in  a  way  that  would  tell  us  all  the  behaviors  of  that  machine.  we  needed  to  understand  how  the  customer  was  interacting  with  the  machine,  how  the  hardware  was  behaving,  how  the  network  was  behaving,  what  the  transactions  and  revenue  looked  like,  and  we  were  pulling  that  information  all  up  to  a  central  enterprise  for  management  and  operations  purposes.  the  software  was  very  unique  and  very  specific  to  a  dvd  rental  use  case.  i  started  thinking  early  on,  what
__label__interactivedisplays if  we  could  build  a  platform  thats  abstracted  away  from  the  business  purpose  and  start  managing  devices  for  a  kiosk  irrespective  of  the  business  that  theyre  serving?i  had  this  idea  for  a  platform  that  i  wanted  to  build  that  was  a  device  management  platform  that  was  abstracted  from  the  business  that  it  was  supporting.  at  banyan  hills  technologies,  we  built  the  canopy  platform  with  that  overarching  understanding  that  we  are  building  a  solution  that  truly  is  agnostic  to  the  machine  that  sits  on  the  edge,  that  provides  all  the  operational  tools  to  the  operator  to  manage  that  machine.  the  dvd
__label__interactivedisplays rental  business  has  subsided  quite  a  bit  with  the  advent  of  netflix.  what  is  the  future  for  dvd  rentals?  :  youve  got  a  changing  marketplace  where  digital  and  streaming  is  taking  over  the  entertainment  industry.  for  a  long  time,  the  studios  saw  digital  eating  into  an  existing  revenue  stream.  now  thats  changing  and  the  studios  are  becoming  less  stringent  and  more  accommodating  of  the  digital  form  factor.  i  would  expect  that  it  dvd  rentals  will  continue  to  shrink,  at  least  in  the  us.  there  are  other  international  markets,  however,  that  are  focused  on  dvd  rentals  that  are  blossoming.  :  if
__label__interactivedisplays the  consumer  trend  is  for  buying  direct  from  the  studios,  will  that  be  true  in  other  markets  as  well  as  in  the  us.?  :  its  not  a  question  of  whether  digital  will  happen.  they  foreign  dvd  markets  know  it  will  happen.  they  know  that  they  eventually  are  going  to  transition  that  business  into  digital.  they  see  kiosks  as  a  bridge  to  digital.  theyre  transitioning  away  from  brick  and  mortar.  :  what  is  the  future  for  kiosks  in  general  if  digital  is  the  future?  :  not  all  things  are  digital.  you  cant  digitally  reproduce  a  hammer  on  a  construction  site.  thats
__label__interactivedisplays a  great  example  of  where  a  kiosk  or  an  automated  vending  experience  makes  sense.  the  economic  pressures  are  causing  operators  to  consider  automation  like  theyve  never  considered  before.  :  have  you  looked  at  industrial  use  cases,  such  as  industrial  supplies  or  safety  products?  :  yes.  fastenal  is  a  great  example  of  where  canopy  would  provide  a  lot  of  value.  theyve  got  an  automated  marketplace  solution  that  is  very  similar  to  vending  or  a  kiosk  like  redbox.  we  would  deploy  software  on  all  of  those  kiosks  that  they  have  deployed  that  would  monitor  whats  happening  at  the  kiosks  everything  from  the
__label__interactivedisplays transactions  that  are  occurring  on  the  kiosks,  the  inventory  levels,  but  also  the  health  of  the  machine  and  the  health  of  the  network.  we  can  put  that  into  a  central  enterprise  that  would  give  them  a  portalbased  view  of  everything  thats  happening  on  that  machine.  they  would  be  able  to  see  inventory,  the  operational  efficiency  of  those  machines,  whether  its  hardware  related  or  network  related.  panera  has  replaced  lanes  with  kiosks.  the  purpose  of  that  kiosk  is  to  remove  the  individual  that  is  standing  behind  the  point  of  sale.  they  are  responding  to  market  pressures.  its  costing  them  more  money
__label__interactivedisplays to  have  those  employees  work  in  their  stores.  consumers  are  becoming  more  and  more  trained  in  how  to  go  through  an  automated  experience  rather  than  to  walk  up  to  a  person  and  interact.  kiosks  are  going  to  continue  to  increase.  in  2017,  the  velocity  is  really  going  to  outpace  the  demand.  its  an  opportunity  for  kiosk  providers  to  finally  start  realizing  the  vision  that  theyve  had.  :  what  other  verticals  do  you  see  as  having  great  promise  for  kiosks?  :  one  that  im  really  excited  about  is  health  care.  there  are  kiosks  now  inside  of  hospitals  that  vend  scrubs  and
__label__interactivedisplays linens.  the  reason  that  hospitals  are  purchasing  these  is  for  inventory  control  and  to  meet  health  care  regulations  where  theyre  trying  to  demonstrate  that  theyre  cleaning  the  laundry  for  the  schedule  thats  been  prescribed  thats  regulated.  nurses  that  have  to  prepare  rooms  are  now  having  to  interact  with  a  kiosk  instead  of  walking  to  a  shelf,  opening  a  cabinet  and  pulling  out  these  materials.  companies  that  are  providing  these  solutions  are  growing  very  rapidly  because  hospitals  are  now  able  to  take  advantage  of  these  cost  savings  and  also  better  meet  the  regulatory  requirements.  other  applications  include  dispensing  medications  and  surgery
__label__interactivedisplays supplies.  all  of  that  can  be  automated  and  you  can  remove  the  human  error  component  through  an  appropriate  deployment  of  technology.  industrial  iot  is  one  where  we  are  starting  to  see  more  and  more  traction,  both  in  terms  of  vending  onsite  for  things  like  construction  projects  or  in  an  environment  that  requires  equipment  that  has  to  be  rented  or  shared.  an  operator  of  a  facility  that  is  trying  to  control  inventory  distribution  of  supplies  is  also  worried  about  the  health  of  the  infrastructure  that  is  deployed  in  that  environment.  wouldnt  it  be  fantastic  if  they  had  one  central  management  platform
__label__interactivedisplays thats  sitting  on  top  of  their  vending  solution,  but  its  also  sitting  on  top  of  monitoring  their  infrastructure?  when  youre  looking  at  how  many  hammers  i  have  out  at  the  moment  on  this  construction  site,  youre  also  looking  at  data  that  tells  you  if  youre  meeting  your  health  and  safety  requirements  for  this  particular  environment.  i  think  theres  a  ton  of  value  for  an  operator  to  be  able  to  log  into  and  see  that  type  of  information.  :  weve  heard  a  lot  about  iot  in  recent  years.  why  do  you  think  iot  technology  is  on  the  verge  of  rapid  deployment?
__label__interactivedisplays :  2017  is  the  year  that  iot  is  really  going  to  mature.  companies  like  cisco  have  created  entire  divisions  for  iot.  theres  an  iot  vice  president.  intel,  ibm  and  ncr  all  have  the  same  thing.  a  couple  of  years  ago  i  couldnt  imagine  a  world  like  that.  another  change  is  standardization  of  equipment.  there  will  be  an  increase  in  standardization  across  the  board  in  how  devices  communicate  to  each  other  and  to  the  enterprise  as  well  as  standardization  of  security  protocols  and  iot  architectures.  well  see  new  revenue  opportunities  from  connected  devices.  as  new  tools  and  technologies  come  to  market,
__label__interactivedisplays advertising  and  promotions  will  extend  into  new  locations  and  platforms,  and  deliver  new  experiences.  topics:  ,  ,  ,  companies:  elliot  maras  is  the  editor  of  kioskmarketplace.com  and  foodtruckoperator.com.  sponsored  links:  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in  to  continue  or  use  another  email  address.  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:
__label__interactivedisplays posted  active.  dynamic.  thriving.  in  the  very  near  future,  youll  likely  be  using  these  adjectives  to  describe  your  branch  bank.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  why.  iot  is  fundamentally  changing  how  we  live,  how  organizations  operate  and  how  the  world  works,  said  michael  dell,  dell  technologies  chairman  and  ceo,  at  this  months  ,  just  before  announcing  the  companys  1b  investment  in  iot  rd  over  next  three  years.  if  you  imagine  your  bank  branches  transforming  into  giant  robot  buildings  and  chasing  customers  down  the  street,  thats  probably  over  the  top.  more  realistically,  your  branch  bank  environments  will  be  places  where,
__label__interactivedisplays similar  to  cheers,  everybody  knows  your  name  and  the  reason  clients  are  visiting  todaybefore  they  even  step  foot  inside.  iot  devices  are  becoming  business  imperative  for  financial  services  organizations.  revealed  banks  are  laying  the  foundation  for  the  digitization  of  their  businesses  and  anticipate  emerging  technologiesfrom  iot  to  biometric  authentications  and  blockchainto  make  a  substantial  imprint  on  the  industry  within  five  years.  personalization  is  a  primary  goal.  your  bank  wants  to  improve  customer  experiences  by  providing  realtime  feedback  and  driving  efficiencies,  not  just  for  clients,  but  for  your  employees  serving  them.think  about  the  opportunities  for  beacons  and  sensors  in  specialized  hardware
__label__interactivedisplays on  doors,  atm  machines,  digital  signage,  and  even  other  branch  areas  to  interact  with  clientsall  of  which  can  continually  adapt  to  changing  needs.  how  many  times  have  clients  missed  a  limitedtime  offer  from  your  bank  because  they  werent  aware  of  it  or  it  came  with  other  offers  not  applicable  to  them?iot  will  be  the  spark  driving  greater  awareness  of  offers  most  applicable  toeach  individual.  iot  will  also  transform  customer  engagement.  heres  what  we  can  all  expect  in  the  nottoodistant  future:  many  think  of  branch  experiences  as  transactions.customers  need  to  cash  or  deposit  a  check.  they  need  to  open  an  account
__label__interactivedisplays or  inquire  about  a  loan.  visits  to  atms  are  similar.  people  simply  need  to  access  cash.  soon,  devices  will  be  enhancing  those  experiences  as  part  of  the  iotconnected  world.for  example,  fingerprint  authenticationa  function  used  every  time  someone  interacts  with  a  smartphonecan  be  applied  to  the  branch  banking  experience.  smartphones  can  become  the  key,  unlocking  the  atm  vestibule.doorway  beacons  can  communicate  via  phones  as  individuals  approach  the  branch.fingerprint  authentication  could  even  allow  access  to  cash  machinesand  no  one  ever  has  toworry  about  forgetting  a  debit  card  again.  american  bankers  article  about  is  also  a  good  reminder  that  customers  trust  banks  to
__label__interactivedisplays handle  their  money.  furthering  iot  innovation  in  branch  banking  is  a  great  way  to  ensure  that  mindset  continues.  around  the  world,  the  consumer  branch  is  already  coming  alive.citibank  tested  of  bluetoothenabled  beacon  technology  to  give  their  customers  the  ability  to  access  branch  atms  24  hours  a  day  via  their  smartphones  and  receive  locationbased  personalized  offers.  if  your  bank  is  looking  to  get  started  with  iot,  look  no  further  than  project  fire.  a  hyperconverged  platform,  its  part  of  the  that  includes  simplified  management,  local  compute,  storage,  and  iot  applications  such  as  realtime  analytics.  today,  project  fire  is  helping  global  banks  rollout
__label__interactivedisplays iot  use  cases  faster  with  consistent  infrastructure  software  from  edge  to  core  to  cloud.  iot  for  branch  banking  is  a  hot  topic.  join  the  conversation  vmwarefinserv.  john  guarino  business  innovation  strategist  global  accounts  vmware  comments  have  been  added  so  far  required  fields  are  marked
__label__interactivedisplays the  holy  grail  is  making  payments  invisible  right?  maybe  not  so  much  for  consumers  trying  to  maintain  budgets.  pymnts  may  internet  of  things  tracker  features  an  interview  with  david  webber,  managing  director  intelligent  environments,  about  how  the  company  is  using  iot  to  help  power  some,  shall  we  say,  shocking  and  buzzworthy  technologies  to  keep  consumers  from  going  astray.  the  tracker  also  includes  a  player  directory  of  71  companies,  featuring  10  new  additions.  it  was,  perhaps,  only  a  matter  of  time.  with  todays  market  brimming  with  smart  payment  solutions  that  are  making  it  increasingly  easier  for  consumers  to  conduct  seamless  transactions
__label__interactivedisplays in  stores,  at  home  and  on  the  go  its  also  arguably  become  easier  for  consumers  to  spend  without  fully  considering  the  consequences.  with  the  convenience  of  digital  and  cardbased  payments  comes  a  higher  risk  of  overspending.  after  all,  finances  that  are  out  of  sight  are  out  of  mind,  which  can  make  consumers  feel  wholly  out  of  control  when  it  comes  to  fiscal  planning.  according  to  david  webber,  managing  director  at  u.k.based  digital  financial  solutions  company  intelligent  environments,  todays  financial  fluidity  contributes  to  a  sense  of  powerlessness  among  spenders.  money  is  becoming  more  and  more  invisible  as  people  use  things  like
__label__interactivedisplays apple  pay,  or  they  have  regular  payments  leaving  their  bank  account,  webber  said.  while  this  is  inherently  convenient,  it  can  lead  to  a  mental  disconnect,  he  said.  they  are  not  taking  a  weeks  worth  of  cash  out  of  the  teller  machine  and  seeing  everything  leaving  their  wallet  or  purse.  theres  money  going  in  all  sorts  of  direction  and  all  sorts  of  ways  and  a  lot  of  people  are  feeling  disconnected  from  their  money,  he  said.  enter  intelligent  environments  new  banking  platform,  called  interact  iot,  which  the  company  is  touting  as  the  the  worlds  first  internet  of  things  bank  platform.  this
__label__interactivedisplays digital  financial  technology,  which  allows  users  to  link  their  bank  accounts  with  various  smart  devices,  is  at  the  forefront  of  financial  interconnectivity.  in  an  attempt  to  empower  accountholders  with  more  scrutiny  over  their  own  resources  amidst  increasingly  invisible  and  seamless  transactions,  webber  and  his  team  integrated  a  feature  to  interact  iot  that  is,  in  fact,  shocking  .  pymnts.com  caught  up  with  webber  on  the  heels  of  his  companys  platform  announcement  to  discuss  the  future  of  connected  technology  and  how  intelligent  environments  is  using  iot  to  power  cuttingedge  financial  solutions.  as  part  of  their  iot  banking  platform  initial  rollout,  intelligent  environments
__label__interactivedisplays integrated  the  wristband,  a  wearable  interconnected  device  that  delivers  an  electric  shock  to  users  wrists  when  they  exceed  predetermined  spending,  for  example.  so  a  user  who  sets  a  limit  of  1,000,  for  example,  will  receive  shock  if  they  spend  more  than  this  amount.  the  shock  is  in  fact  an  electric  shock  not  just  a  splashier  synonym  for  buzz  or  vibrate.  the  customizable  technology  enables  wearers  to  create  their  own  financial  plans  via  a  mobile  app,  in  which  they  can  also  set  the  intensity  of  their  physical  alert:  a  vibration,  buzz  or  shock  ranging  on  a  scale  from  oneto10.  the  concept
__label__interactivedisplays of  using  wearable  technology  to  eradicate  bad  habits  is  nothing  new  think  antisnoring  devices  that  claim  to  wake  noisy  sleepers  and  fitness  bracelets  that  encourage  users  to  keep  active  and  lose  weight.  pavloks  connection  to  the  iot  banking  platform,  however,  makes  it  part  of  a  wider  push  toward  comprehensive  crossplatform  integration.  webber  said  the  company  has  seen  interest  from  some  of  their  consumer  finance  and  retail  banking  clients,  but  as  of  this  writing  they  have  not  signed  an  agreement  yet.  intelligent  environments  has  also  connected  interact  iot  to  the  ,  a  widely  adopted  smarthome  device  that  automatically  turns  down  users
__label__interactivedisplays home  heating  to  help  them  save  on  their  monthly  bills.  webber  explained  that  both  moneysaving  devices  were  created  by  harnessing  the  power  of  recognizable  solutions,  like  braceletstyle  wearables  and  home  thermostats,  and  leveraging  them  via  iot  technology.  we  took  a  piece  of  existing  offtheshelf  technology,  and  then  we  take  our  banking  platform.  within  our  banking  platform,  we  build  a  user  interface  for  the  pavlok  device  and  then  demonstrate  that  you  can  configure  the  app  on  your  smartphone,  he  said.  and  if  my  balance  drops  to  this  particular  level  then  i  want  to  be  alerted,  and  if  it  drops  below  this
__label__interactivedisplays level  then  i  want  to  be  buzzed  at  this  level  of  intensity.  then,  just  by  using  the  internet  of  things  and  connecting  over  the  internet,  the  two  devices  are  integrated  and  reacting  the  activities  of  one  area  is  being  reacted  to  by  the  other  device.  so  this  is  taking  sets  of  existing  technologies  and  demonstrating  the  use  of  the  internet  of  things  to  make  them  communicate  with  each  other  in  a  controlled  way.  for  many  consumers,  the  idea  of  entrusting  their  personal  financial  data  to  such  an  outofthebox  digital  platform  may  be  more  intimidating  than  the  prospect  of  receiving  a
__label__interactivedisplays physical  shock.  webber  explained  that  security  was  at  the  forefront  of  the  platforms  development.  there  isnt  any  personal  banking  data  thats  getting  pushed  across  the  internet  to  these  devices.  that  banking  and  personal  data  sits  very  firmly  within  the  banking  ecosystem,  protected  by  the  firewalls  and  protections  within  our  software  suite  there,  said  webber.  we  wouldnt  for  a  moment  put  a  solution  set  out  there  that  we  thought  was  cranking  some  sort  of  backdoor  gateway  into  personal  financial  data  or  personal  information.  although  intelligent  environments  has  just  launched  the  iot  banking  platform,  webber  said  that  the  products  shock  value  has
__label__interactivedisplays piqued  interest  among  three  main  consumer  groups:  breadwinners  looking  to  reduce  family  spending,  debtstrapped  millennials  already  familiar  with  wearables  and  iot,  as  well  as  people  who  see  the  immense  potential  in  financial  interconnectivity.  for  consumers  looking  toward  the  future  of  iot,  pavloks  wearable  familiarity  is  less  of  a  futuristic  concept  and  more  of  a  compelling  indicator  of  where  integrated  technology  is  headed  in  the  next  few  years.  the  solution  is  among  numerous  connected  technologies  currently  being  developed  across  the  iot  ecosystem  and  represents  a  general  consumer  shift  toward  iotpowered  products  that  are  integrated  and  intelligent.  what  we  like  to  think
__label__interactivedisplays is  that  you  put  an  example  of  a  product  out  into  the  marketplace,  and  that  acts  as  a  catalyst  to  people  thinking  of  other  smart  ways  that  interconnectedness  can  be  used,  said  webber.  and  i  think  thats  where  were  going  to  see  things  start  to  evolve.  so  what  i  think  is  more  interesting  is  not  necessarily  the  bank  account  that  shocks  you,  but  actually  the  fact  that  physical  devices  that  you  wouldnt  expect  to  be  able  to  be  integrated  into  something  like  a  banking  app  now  can,  and  i  think  its  the  enablement  and  the  environment  that  allows  people  to
__label__interactivedisplays be  more  creative  and  come  up  with  101  different  ways  that  interconnectedness  can  be  used  and  the  iot  could  be  deployed,  that  were  capable  of  thinking  of.  as  the  pavlok  wristband,  the  nest  thermostat,  and  similar  connected  technologies  move  further  into  the  mainstream,  integration  continues  to  grow  in  ubiquity.  in  five  years,  webber  predicted,  interconnectivity  will  be  completely  used  and  fully  expected.  we  will  consider  that  its  completely  normal  that  i  might  have  put  that  im  going  to  be  on  holiday  with  my  family  in  my  calendar  at  work,  in  my  smartphone,  and  it  will  be  completely  normal  that  i
__label__interactivedisplays wont  have  to  do  anything  about  the  heating  in  my  house  or  upping  the  level  of  the  security  system,  because  what  will  happen  is  that  my  phone  will  just  be  interconnected  to  my  house,  and  it  will  just  know  that  im  going  on  holiday  because  the  calendar  would  have  told  it  and  it  will  turn  down  the  heating  to  a  low  level,  he  said.  it  will  know  that  the  security  system  needs  to  be  extra  attentive,  it  will  have  my  infrared  camera  outside  recording  at  a  greater  level  of  sensitivity  to  movement  than  it  normally  would.  and  that  will  just
__label__interactivedisplays be  normality.  and  what  all  these  things  will  do  is  effectively  just  be  harnessing  existing  dataand  using  the  iot  to  bring  that  data  into  one  place  to  make  smarter  decisions  and  allow  consumers  to  allow  things  to  make  choices  about  what  theyre  going  to  do  in  an  intelligent  way.  webber  said  the  companys  existing  clients  can  deploy  the  technology  simply  by  upgrading  to  the  latest  product  release.  many  of  the  companys  clients  have  already  started  looking  at  how  the  solutions  would  fit  with  their  customer  propositions  and  appeal  to  end  users,  he  said.  although  interact  iot  will  first  integrate  with
__label__interactivedisplays the  pavlok  wristband  and  the  nest  thermostat  in  the  u.k.,  webber  doesnt  believe  other  countries  will  experience  issues  when  adopting  the  technology  or  any  iotpowered  products  down  the  line.  i  think  that  any  region  of  the  world  that  has  a  high  percentage  of  mobile  users  and  a  strong  internet  usage  and  connectivity,  these  are  advancements  that  will  happen,  he  said.  to  some  people  like  me  thats  exciting,  and  to  some  people  its  probably  frightening.  whether  users  will  ultimately  find  electric  shocks  to  be  useful  or  frightening  when  it  comes  to  their  personal  finances  and  iot,  remains  to  be  seen.  ..
__label__interactivedisplays to  download  the  may  edition  of  the  pymnts.com  internet  ofthings  tracker,  sponsored  by  intel,  click  the  button  below.  the  showcases  companies  that  are  leading  the  way  in  all  aspects  of  the  internet  of  things.every  month,  the  tracker  looks  at  what  these  companies  are  doing  across  the  ecosystem  and  in  six  categories:  devices;  infrastructure;  payments;  security;  software;  and  data  our  data  and  analytics  team  has  developed  a  number  of  creative  methodologies  and  frameworks  that  measure  and  benchmark  the  innovation  thats  reshaping  the  payments  and  commerce  ecosystem.  in  the  ,  pymnts  talks  with  dan  wheeler,  svp,  on  how  the  qsr  balances  security
__label__interactivedisplays and  seamlessness  to  secure  its  recently  launched  wahlclub  loyalty  program.  get  our  hottest  stories  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  the  pymnts.com  newsletter  to  get  updates  on  top  stories  and  viral  hits.  2019  whats  next  media  and  analytics
__label__interactivedisplays march  6,  2017  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  grabbing  headlines  of  all  technology  news  portals.  relevant  articles  feature  the  ways  these  technologies  influence  a  wide  range  of  industries,  intertwining  with  businesses  of  all  stripes  and  colors,  ,  insurance,  commerce,  real  estate,  education,  etc.  the  iot  presence  in  banking  is  not  so  evident:  this  sphere  just  starts  realizing  how  the  iot  can  boost  a  business  and  bring  it  to  a  new  level.  however,  considering  the  benefits  they  can  attain,  banks  are  exploring  available  opportunities,  investing  more  and  more  in  iot  technologies.  thus,  according  to  ,  banking  and  financial  institutions  plan
__label__interactivedisplays to  spend  153.5  million  by  2018,  allocating  significant  parts  of  their  budgets  32  in  2015;  29  by  2020  on  monitoring  financial  products/services  production,  distribution,  sales,  customer  status  via  mobile  apps,  wearables,  sensors  embedded  in  products  and  experience.  this  percentage  is  projected  to  increase  by  2020,  reaching  34.  furthermore,  bank  owners  are  engaged  in  hiring  experienced  business  analysts  able  to  better  understand  which  data  is  needed  and  how  it  can  be  gathered  thanks  to  the  iot.  so,  how  can  banks  take  the  advantage  of  fresh  technologies  and  implement  them  to  deliver  better  services  and  get  valuable  feedback?  1  mobile  devices:  banks
__label__interactivedisplays can  feel  free  to  entice  experts  in  development  who  will  deliver  a  vast  number  of  comprehensive  solutions.  mobile  apps  installed  on  smartphones  and  tablets  are  used  to  improve  customer  experience  and  allow  making  socalled  invisible  or  connected  secure  payments  without  wasting  much  time.  moreover,  these  devices  are  beneficial  for  monitoring  customer  activities  and  behavior.  having  access  to  the  data  generated  by  connected  devices,  banks  can  provide  clients  with  a  clear  view  over  personal  finances,  foreseeing  customers  needs  and  helping  to  reach  rational  financial  decisions.  beyond  that,  various  gadgets  are  utilized  to  track  retail  locations  in  case  the  bank  has  a
__label__interactivedisplays great  number  of  branches.  2  wearables:  this  solution  that  comprises  smart  watches  and  bands  is  also  a  great  iot  example:  clients  can  actively  employ  wearables  to  easily  conduct  basic  operations.  banking  experts  argue  that  wearables  may  even  replace  mobiles  and  become  more  common  for  carrying  out  banking  transactions.  many  wearables  are  connected  to  smartphones,  but  key  players  are  trying  to  extend  boundaries  and  incorporate  rings,  key  fobs,  vr  devices,  and  clothing.  3  sensors:  iot  sensors  represent  an  effective  method  of  getting  relevant  and  detailed  information  on  product  performance  and  usage.  additionally,  manufacturing  control  and  shipping  sensors  let  banking  institutions  upgrade
__label__interactivedisplays underwriting  processes  and  capture  new  markets.  with  sensors,  its  also  possible  to  monitor  the  state,  conditions  and  activities  of  retail  industrial  and  agricultural  businesses.  among  other  iot  uses  are  video  tellers  and  kiosks  equipped  with  sensing  technologies  that  recognize  customers  when  they  come  in  and  perform  actions.  4  smart  home  and  connected  cars:  thanks  to  the  iot,  banks  can  grant  customers  the  chance  to  conduct  transactions  via  appliances  or  smart  home  controllers  e.g.  voicefirst  devices  like  amazon  echo;  amazon  dash,  etc..  another  exciting  possibility  is  to  entice  cars  and  make  it  available  to  pay  through  them:  except  for  parking,  fuel,
__label__interactivedisplays and  tolls,  such  connected  cars  payments  may  embrace  drivethrough  and  other  apps.  general  benefits  by  employing  iot  solutions  banks  get  a  chance  to  improve  customer  experience,  generate  crosssell  possibilities,  create  rewards  for  clients,  engaging  them  to  the  full.  moreover,  with  these  advanced  technologies  banking  institutions  will  be  able  to  find  new  efficient  ways  for  developing  better  risk  management  and  reducing  costs.  in  general,  the  iot  assists  in  taking  wise  commercial  decisions,  as  banks  obtain  real  time  data  captured  by  connected  devices  on  residential  and  commercial  premises,  spending,  credit  behavior,  and  more.  security  issues  with  the  introduction  of  latest  iot  solutions,
__label__interactivedisplays banks  are  certainly  to  face  security  challenges  and  risks.  they  should  be  occupied  with  providing  safe,  connected  banking  experience  and  win  consumers  trust  by  securing  their  privacy  and  personal  data  that  are  becoming  more  vulnerable  to  sophisticated  hacker  attacks.  all  the  data  that  goes  through  the  network  must  be  protected  with  the  help  of  smart  solutions,  including  encryption,  authentication  tools,  and  even  biometric  data  verification  fingerprints,  voice  and  iris  recognition,  etc..  in  short,  an  extra  layer  of  security  for  the  iot  ecosystem  is  a  must  for  banking  institutions  if  they  desire  to  build  up  and  preserve  their  customers  trust.  conclusion:
__label__interactivedisplays while  introducing  attractive  options  to  customers,  banks  have  to  consider  not  only  the  exciting  opportunities  the  iot  offers  but  also  possible  security  challenges.  thats  why  before  these  modern  technologies  are  firmly  incorporated  into  the  banking  sphere;  its  crucial  to  consider  a  broad  array  of  issues  and  certain  components,  developing  a  robust  strategy  on  adopting  iot  novelties.  save  yana  yelina  is  a  technology  writer  at  oxagile,  a  provider  of  custom  web  and  mobile  application  development  services  with  a  focus  on  multiplatform  video  streaming  and  rtc  solutions.  read  and  learn  about  topics  you  are  interested  in.  we  appreciate  your  interest  in  our
__label__interactivedisplays by:  on  september  4th,  2019  from  the  early  days  of  wire  transfers  to  the  introduction  of  credit  cards  and  atms,  the  banking  and  financial  services  industries  have  always  been  .  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  proven  to  be  no  exception  to  this  trend.  some  of  the  most  interesting  and  worthwhile  developments  in  iot  device  applications  have  been  in  the  finance  and  financial  services  sectors.  financial  technology  and  mobile  banking  were  early  use  cases  for  iot  devices  and  its  no  surprise  that  the  market  for  fintech  has  grown  considerably  in  recent  years.  although  concerns  about  mobile  security  discouraged  some  early
__label__interactivedisplays adopters,  and  encryption  technology  have  put  many  of  these  fears  to  rest.  today,  mobile  banking  is  used  by  about  ,  many  of  whom  are  also  using  their  smart  devices  as  a  primary  form  of  payment.  mobile  transactions  amounted  to  alone  and  are  expected  to  exceed  1  trillion  in  2019.  the  widespread  adoption  of  iot  in  banking  and  financial  services  is  only  going  to  accelerate  in  the  coming  years  as  more  financial  institutions  roll  out  exciting  new  fintech  products.  here  are  just  a  few  ways  that  iot  financial  technology  will  impact  consumers.  wearable  devices  are  one  of  the  most  across  a
__label__interactivedisplays number  of  industries,  and  the  wearable  payment  device  market  from  3.12  billion  in  2018  to  11.21  billion  by  2026.  while  a  few  banks  have  experimented  with  providing  ,  most  of  them  are  already  offering  smartwatch  applications  that  allow  customers  to  use  wearables  as  a  primary  payment  device.  as  the  range  of  wearable  iot  devices  expands  to  include  accessories  like  rings  and  clothing,  financial  institutions  will  continue  to  make  it  even  easier  for  people  .  in  the  universe  of  iot  devices,  wearables  are  just  one  way  in  which  people  can  access  their  finances  to  make  and  accept  payments.  every  iot  device
__label__interactivedisplays has  the  potential  to  be  a  payment  device.  one  innovative  example  involves  automobiles,  using  the  incorporated  into  most  modern  vehicles  to  facilitate  payments  for  things  like  tolls,  parking  spaces,  and  gas.  voiceactivated  household  speaker  devices  like  amazon  alexa  and  google  home  already  make  it  easy  for  people  to  purchase  items,  but  smart  appliances  will  also  make  it  possible  to  food  ordering  and  delivery.  although  iot  devices  certainly  present  ,  they  also  offer  a  few  notable  advantages  when  it  comes  to  protecting  consumers  from  fraud.  thats  because  iot  devices  can  be  monitored  by  ai  systems  that  gather  data  on  financial  transactions
__label__interactivedisplays to  create  a  better  profile  of  customer  spending  habits.  if  a  cybercriminal  attempts  to  use  a  customers  financial  information  to  make  a  purchase,  but  the  device  that  customer  makes  more  than  half  of  their  purchases  from  is  in  a  completely  different  location  and  not  involved  in  a  financial  transaction,  the  financial  institution  can  easily  block  the  fraudulent  purchase.  another  benefit  of  iot  in  banking  is  ,  making  them  much  more  difficult  to  use  than  a  debit  or  credit  card  if  theyre  stolen.  thanks  to  iot  technology,  the  traditional  bank  branch  could  very  well  enjoy  a  renaissance.  fully  connected  smart  banks
__label__interactivedisplays can  provide  more  comprehensive  and  convenient  services  to  customers.  if  a  customer  walks  into  a  branch  location,  their  fintech  device  could  immediately  deliver  their  account  information  for  faster,  more  personalized  service.  tracking  patterns  in  the  demand  for  banking  services  can  also  allow  banks  to  place  their  branches  and  atms  more  strategically  for  better  convenience.  some  banks  are  also  using  iot  devices  to  streamline  atm  usage,  making  it  easier  and  faster  to  both  locate  the  nearest  atm  and  retrieve  money  from  it.  although  bank  statements  have  long  made  it  possible  for  customers  to  track  their  spending,  the  way  those  statements  are
__label__interactivedisplays structured  are  often  not  especially  helpful.  they  tell  customers  what  merchants  processed  their  payments,  but  often  fail  to  provide  the  context  people  need  to  really  understand  their  spending  patterns  over  a  period  of  time.  with  iot  devices,  customers  will  be  able  to  construct  a  more  comprehensive  picture  of  how,  when,  and  where  theyre  spending  money.  some  devices  can  even  be  programmed  to  help  users  .  while  iot  in  banking  is  light  years  ahead  of  the  financial  technology  that  facilitated  wire  transfers  in  the  early  20th  century,  they  represent  the  continuation  of  a  trend  in  the  financial  services  industry  to  make
__label__interactivedisplays life  easier  for  customers.  the  latest  generation  of  iot  fintech  will  help  customers  to  take  more  control  over  the  ways  they  manage  and  use  their  money,  transforming  the  way  people  think  about  their  relationship  to  banking  and  finance  in  the  process.  as  the  marketing  manager  for  vxchnge,  kaylie  handles  the  coordination  and  logistics  of  tradeshows  and  events.  she  is  responsible  for  social  media  marketing  and  brand  promotion  through  various  outlets.  she  enjoys  developing  new  ways  and  events  to  capture  the  attention  of  the  vxchnge  audience.  november  25,  2019  walmart,  j.  crew  and  best  buy  represent  a  small  sample  of  some
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  top  brands  that  experienced  black  friday  website  ...  read  more  november  11,  2019  business  intelligence  bi  involves  using  a  variety  of  specialized  tools,  programs  and  techniques  to  extract  data  from  ...  read  more  october  24,  2019  in  a  1986  interview,  legendary  science  fiction  author  william  gibson  described  the  disappointment  he  felt  after  finally  ...  read  more  use  this  checklist  to  help  protect  you  investment,  mitigate  potential  risk  and  minimize  downtime  during  your  data  center  migration.
__label__interactivedisplays applications  have  become  the  lifeblood  of  todays  businesses.  gone  are  the  days  when  you  had  to  pay  bills  by  mail,  or  walk  inside  a  bank  branch  to  transfer  money.  and  hailing  a  rideshare  requires  just  a  few  taps  or  swipes  on  your  mobile  phone  or  smart  watch.  on  a  recent  trip  to  san  francisco,  i  experienced  firsthand  how  the  internet  of  things  is  impacting  our  daily  lives  in  ways  most  people  dont  imagine.  my  day  started  with  a  short  walk  to  the  appdynamics  office.  on  the  way  i  stopped  at  a  famous  restaurant  chain  to  grab  breakfast.  i  soon  realised
__label__interactivedisplays i  couldnt  get  my  order  quickly,  as  there  was  a  long  queue  of  people  waiting  to  be  served.  not  a  great  start  to  my  day,  i  thought.  then  i  noticed  a  timesavera  kiosk  where  i  could  place  my  order.  i  used  it  to  bypass  the  queue,  and  within  a  few  minutes  i  had  received  my  croissant  and  smoothie.  nice  this  is  just  a  simple  example  of  how  connected  devices  in  retail  can  enhance  the  customer  experience.  of  course,  the  global  potential  of  iot  is  far  greater.  at  home  we  rely  on  virtual  assistants  to  interact  with  a  multitude  of  connected
__label__interactivedisplays devices,  such  as  smart  bulbs,  robot  vacuums,  security  cameras,  door  locks,  thermostats,  electric  roof  windows,  and  blinds  and  shutters  to  create  a  healthier  indoor  environment.  but  the  smart  home  is  just  one  of  a  vast  variety  of  iot  use  cases.  take  kiosks,  for  instance.  we  use  airport  kiosks  to  check  in  and  drop  off  our  luggage.  movie  theatre  kiosks  allow  us  to  easily  pick  up  tickets  weve  bought  online.  the  list  of  connected  devices  making  our  lives  easier  grows  longer  each  day.  popular  and  emerging  iot  use  cases  include:  the  number  of  in  recent  yearsfrom  15.4  billion  in  2015  to
__label__interactivedisplays 26.6  billion  this  year.  in  2020,  that  number  is  expected  to  reach  nearly  31  billion.  global  spending  on  the  internet  of  things  will  reach  745  billion  in  2019,  a  15.4  increase  over  646  billion  in  2018,  ,  with  iot  spending  topping  1  trillion  in  2022.  but  for  it  operations,  the  internet  of  things  brings  a  new  set  of  concerns.  transmitting  massive  volumes  of  data  collected  from  an  evergrowing  number  of  connected  devicesand  then  storing  and  processing  this  data  in  the  cloudcan  lead  to  high  bandwidth  usage  and  increased  costs.  and  while  ,  which  occurs  at  or  near  the  source  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  data  rather  than  back  at  the  datacenter,  can  help  mitigate  these  issues,  businesses  must  gain  visibility  into  applications  running  on  iot  devices,  regardless  of  their  physical  location.  a  related  concern,  according  to  a  recent  ,  is  that  infrastructure  and  operations  teams  may  be  unable  to  use  tools  designed  to  monitor  traditional  applications,  networks  and  systems  in  their  iot  ecosystems.  to  connected  device  applications,  delivering  performance  diagnostics  and  usage  analytics  that  enable  it  teams  to  better  understand  and  resolve  iot  performance  issues.  by  providing  insights  into  device  and  user  behaviour,  ,  but  also  enables  you  to  understand  how  application  performance
__label__interactivedisplays impacts  your  business.  it  provides  endtoend  visibilityfrom  connected  devices  and  applications  to  backend  services  in  the  private,  public  or  hybrid  cloud,  and  .  appdynamics  iot  monitoring  allows  business  to  determine  which  kpis  to  measure  in  relation  to  device  type  and  hardware/firmware  version,  and  lets  developers  decide  when,  where  and  how  to  collect  data  from  iot  devices,  including  those  on  the  edge.  here  are  ways  that  appdynamics  can  help  businesses  with  kiosk  and  pointofsale  pos  applications:  gauge  device  health  by  monitoring  errors,  network  requests,  and  usageall  while  extending  and  correlating  business  transactions  to  edge  devices  and  ensuring  a  smooth  registration  and
__label__interactivedisplays handoff.  release  newer  versions  of  software  and  compare  business  kpis  to  ensure  the  edge  is  always  up  to  date.  gain  visibility  into  specific  devices,  platforms,  data  and  users  to  ensure  a  consistent  user  experience  across  your  entire  ecosystem.  appdynamics  also  monitors  many  business  kpis,  including:  the  appdynamics  device  dashboard  below  allows  you  to  monitor  important  kpis,  device  status,  and  custom  device  application  information.  you  can  use  filters  to  drill  down  to  view  metrics  for  a  specific  device.  appdynamics  also  monitors  other  important  information,  such  as:  the  network  requests  dashboard  lets  you  view  outgoing  network  requests  and  details,  and  helps  you
__label__interactivedisplays analyse  network  request  metrics.  the  errors  dashboard  enables  you  to  view  crashes,  exceptions,  and  custom  errors,  both  fatal  and  nonfatal.  you  can  view  details  for  a  specific  error  event  and  download  the  stack  trace  for  debugging.  please  enter  valid  email  i  agree  to  this  field  is  required.
__label__interactivedisplays the  rapid  growth  of  the  is  driving  increased  adoption  of  a  network  design  model  in  which  computing  resources  are  placed  at  the  networks  edge  in  close  proximity  to  datacollection  sources.  gartner  analysts  say  70  percent  of  the  organizations  they  surveyed  recently  plan  to  make  edge  computing  part  of  their  infrastructure  plans  by  the  end  of  2019.  more  this  a  significant  shift  away  from  todays  data  center/cloud  model  in  which  almost  all  data  processing  occurs  at  a  large,  centralized  core.  however,  the  process  of  moving  data  to  and  from  a  data  center  for  analysis  doesnt  support  timesensitive  applications  where  latency  of
__label__interactivedisplays even  milliseconds  is  unacceptable.  with  iot  projects  involving  data  inputs  from  thousands  or  even  millions  of  devices,  organizations  need  a  way  to  eliminate  latency  barriers  between  data  sources  and  processing  power.  the  edge  computing  model  aims  to  reduce  such  delays  by  putting  processing  resources  a  single  hop  away  from  devices  and  users.  while  edge  computing  goes  handinhand  with  iot  initiatives,  there  are  many  industries  that  can  benefit  from  this  model:  manufacturing,  logistics,  oil  and  gas,  transportation,  energy/utilities,  mining  and  metals,  aviation  and  other  industrial  sectors  typically  depend  on  significant  machinery,  equipment  and  devices.  edge  computing  supports  data  collection  and  analysis
__label__interactivedisplays for  predictive  maintenance  to  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production.  this  can  extend  the  life  of  equipment,  improve  worker  safety  and  maximize  asset  utilization.  devicetodevice  communication  enables  a  wide  range  of  building  automation  solutions.  locally  processed  data  can  be  used  to  orchestrate  and  optimize  essential  services  such  as  security,  tracking,  climate  control,  lighting,  smart  signage,  access  control  and  more.  edge  devices  such  as  beacons  can  collect  information  such  as  transaction  history  from  a  customers  smartphone  and  then  target  promotions  and  sales  items  as  customers  walk  through  the  store.  rapid  data  analysis  can  also  allow  retailers  to  adjust  digital  signage
__label__interactivedisplays to  highlight  merchandise,  sales  and  promotions,  and  to  design  store  layouts  and  product  placement  to  improve  the  customer  experience.  edge  data  analysis  can  help  financial  services  organizations  identify  and  halt  illegal  or  unusual  activity.  for  example,  rapid  data  movement  supports  user  and  entity  behavior  analytics  ueba  applications  that  track  what  users  are  doing  and  how  data  is  moving,  flagging  and  interrupting  any  unusual  transactions.  banking  institutions  are  also  using  edge  principles  to  provide  atms  and  kiosks  with  the  ability  to  gather  and  process  data,  allowing  them  to  offer  a  broader  suite  of  features.  hospitals,  clinics  and  other  facilities  are  dealing
__label__interactivedisplays with  vast  amounts  of  patient  data.  edge  computing  enables  realtime  access  to  critical  information  for  faster  diagnoses  and  improved  care.  edge  computing  is  also  seen  as  a  key  enabler  of  telemedicine  initiatives  to  provide  care  in  hardtoreach  rural  areas.  edge  computing  wont  replace  conventional  data  centers  in  fact,  it  can  improve  them  through  data  thinning  at  the  edge  of  the  network.  by  reducing  the  amount  of  data  being  transmitted  back  to  the  data  center,  edge  computing  reduces  backhaul  traffic  and  conserves  bandwidth.  however,  edge  computing  also  creates  new  challenges  due  to  the  distributed  nature  of  the  architecture,  and  few  organizations
__label__interactivedisplays thank  you  for  joining  our  mailing  list  well  occasionally  send  you  our  news  and  updates  worth  checking  out.  dont  worry  well  not  be  annoying.  in  a  not  so  mysterious  2020,  the  iot  market  is  likely  to  represent  50  billion  of  things  generating  more  than  3  trillion  in  revenues.  do  you  see  where  were  going  with  this?  to  figure  out  ,  its  enough  to  have  a  closeup  look  at  how  the  network  of  the  interconnected  physical  objects  might  impact  any  service,  any  business  in  the  short  run.  if  the  bigger  picture  is  not  clear  enough,  lets  get  this  show  on  the
__label__interactivedisplays road  and  give  you  some  example  of  iot  direct  impact  on  the  financial  sector.  what  you  will  learn  in  this  post:  therere  plenty  of  ways  to  enhance  your  cx.  however,  the  higher  the  human  touch  is,  the  more  billable  hours  there  are  to  pay  for.  a  positive  impact  of  the  iot  on  the  banking  industry  is  hard  to  deny  when  it  comes  to  timely  customer  assistance.  sometimes  all  you  need  to  do  is  to  address  the  clients  concern  quickly.  with  a  simple  chat,  customers  can  get  a  response  to  their  queries  in  a  blink  of  an  eye.  one  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays us  leading  banks  has  employed  a  virtual  assistant  to  send  a  personalised  suggestion  to  its  clients.  notes  that  ,  so  a  instant  chat  can  give  a  great  competitive  advantage  to  any  financial  player.  how  will  the  internet  of  things  affect  banking  from  a  cost  reduction  standpoint?  predicts  that  chatbots  will  account  for  close  to  in  savings  from  yearly  revenues.  cybersecurity  issues  have  been  making  the  headlines  with  hacker  attacks  being  a  top  concern.  iot  in  banking  and  fintechenabled  risks  mitigation  tools  are  among  the  hottest  topics  in  finance  after  the  aipowered  chatbots.  youre  probably  wondering  where  most  of  ai  banks
__label__interactivedisplays budgets  go  to.  financial  institutions  pay  for  fraud  detection  application  that  can  grasp  a  customers  social  media  footprint,  employment  records,  education  etc.  and  to  help  analysts  decide  if  a  potential  purchase  is  consistent  with  what  customers  with  a  similar  background  buy.  heres  something  really  interesting:  american  citibank  is  among  americas  top  banks  that  pay  particular  attention  to  innovation  in  cybersecurity.  the  financial  giant  has  made  a  strategic  investment  in  a  data  science  company  feedzai.  and  you  know  what?  british  standard  chartered  allocates  around  to  analysing  tremendous  amounts  of  data  to  deal  with  fraud  risks.  linked  to  wearables,  the  internet  of
__label__interactivedisplays things  in  banking  industry  changes  the  meaning  of  transaction  and  brings  the  way  we  pay  for  things  to  the  whole  new  level.  wearable  payment  popularity  is  to  rapidly  grow  to  reach  new  heights  by  .  willing  to  offer  a  unique  experience  to  its  clients,  financial  institutions  might  look  into  a  few  realworld  examples  and  use  cases  of  wearables  and  their  effect  on  banking  services.  when  a  client  is  near  a  branch  office,  through  its  wearable  a  bank  can  channel  a  variety  of  alerts:  info  about  current  promo  offers  and  an  account  balance,  bill  payments  with  nearing  due  dates.  furthermore,  bank
__label__interactivedisplays on  wearables  to  replace  mobiles  and  a  preferred  method  of  carrying  out  transactions.  it  turns  out  that  adds  up  more  and  more  locations  beyond  initial  markets  of  canada,  u.s.,  u.k.,  spain,  and  australia;  tech  giant  offers  people  around  the  globe  to  pay  with  smartwatches  and  its  wallet  app.  beyond  traditional  currency,  a  trailblazer  is  to  launch  by  the  end  of  the  year  its  unique  wearable  wallet  to  let  the  users  spend  their  digital  money  along  with  credit  card  balance.  equipped  with  an  ,  ilmatics  contactless  wallet  is  another  breakthrough  in  joining  digital  and  physical  realms.  with  a  customer  being  the
__label__interactivedisplays focus  of  every  modern  business,  todays  iot  and  financial  services  can  tap  into  highly  personalised  user  experiences.  banks  can  mitigate  risks  associated  with  landing  by  getting  a  360  view  on  a  potential  borrower.  dealing  with  retail  loans,  financial  institutions  can  assess  not  only  a  typical  credit  score  report  but,  e.g.  social  media  information,  habits  of  eating  out  and  driving  patterns  of  clients  to  see  if  and  when  they  will  be  able  to  pay  off  the  debt.  internet  of  things  and  banking  can  work  handinhand  when  it  comes  to  tracking  consumers  habits  online  and  offline.  in  other  words,  a  usual  questionnaire
__label__interactivedisplays might  not  disclose  how  often  a  potential  client  is  having  their  morning  latte.  the  survey  might  not  suggest  how  many  times  per  month  they  dropat  amazon.com  for  yet  another  spontaneous  purchase  either.  in  essence,  behavioural  patterns  and  data  can  give  banks  specific  ideas  about  customer  actions  that  might  impact  the  future  relationship.  when  iot  financial  services  collab  comes  to  motor  insurance,  we  often  hear  about  telematics.  by  definition,  is  all  about  gps  technology  and  telecommunications  among  remote  endpoints  with  further  information  gathering  and  measuring.  first  off,  data  gets  generated  and  further  channelled  through  sensors  embedded  incar  diagnostics  system  and  mobile
__label__interactivedisplays applications  record  data  automatically.  then,  insurers  bring  the  insights  under  one  roof.  after  data  is  aggregated,  its  easier  to  analyse  the  driving  information  to  create  customtailored  products  and  services  for  the  insured.  ,  for  instance,  stimulates  the  common  sense  among  drivers  and  encourages  them  to  be  safe  on  the  move,  for  example.  taking  into  account  acceleration,  braking  and  cornering,  an  insurer  can  estimate  the  best  possible  price  for  an  individual  policy.  a  ukbased  credit  broker,  ,  mentions  several  solution  providers  for  young  drivers  that  harness  the  potential  of  telematics  with  ,  ,  and  being  on  top  of  the  list.  further,
__label__interactivedisplays iot  for  financial  services  comes  with  multifold  benefits.  these  perks  allow  any  industry  player  to  keep  an  eye  on  business  operations  with  innovative  asset  tracking  and  management  tools.  in  the  banking  and  financial  services  market:  at  the  same  time,  the  application  ofiot  in  finance  industry  raises  a  is  about  having  all  the  necessary  information  at  hand  about  different  kinds  of  equipment  which  can  be  used  as  collateral,  for  instance,  when  looking  for  ways  to  finance  an  upcoming  project  or  preparing  for  the  next  round  of  investment  of  a  startup.  therere  many  excel  killers  in  the  space  of  asset  tracking  with
__label__interactivedisplays some  of  the  fintech  entrepreneurs  taking  up  the  challenge  to  transform  the  conventional  approach.  along  with  that  sets  the  trends  with  its  valuables  tracking  and  monitoring  offerings,  promises  to  help  business  owners  with  smarter  decisionmaking  and  realtime  data  about  the  state  of  the  assets.  whether  youre  a  mature  business  willing  to  transform  your  legacy  operations  or  a  startup  seeking  ways  to  put  innovative  technology  to  use,  were  always  here  to  help.  according  to  ,  theres  no  universal  approach  to  developing  a  financial  services  strategy  for  iot.  having  conducted  a  global  survey  with  participating  in  it,  theyve  found  out  several  interesting
__label__interactivedisplays things.  the  most  successful  companies  focused  on  their  strong  areas  and  experimented  with  iot  technologies  on  existing  products.  a  single  application  of  iot  wont  be  beneficial  thats  why  its  better  to  scale  up.  implementing  best  iot  practices  wont  result  in  significant  changes  unless  you  modify  the  business  model.  grounding  on  the  given  facts,  wed  like  to  give  you  a  couple  of  tips  on  how  to  make  the  most  of  iot  in  banking  and  financial  services  market:  a  line  and  tell  us  your  story  so  we  can  see  what  type  of  solution  we  can  offer  you.  the  truth  is  we  have
__label__interactivedisplays more  stories  to  share  about  practical  use  cases  of  iot  in  financial  services.  dont  hesitate  to  reach  out  if  you  have  any  further  questions  and  dont  be  shy  to  leave  a  comment  if  you  have  thought  about  the  internet  of  things  for  financial  services.  tell  us  a  bit  about  your  idea.  well  get  back  to  you  within  one  day  and  plan  our  next  steps.  secondary  markets  in  crowdfunding  niche  have  emerged  quite  recently,  and  there  are  some  advantages  and  limitations  to  them.  what  is  a  whitelabel  crowdfunding  platform  and  how  can  it  help  you?  lets  find  out.  while  wepay  can
__label__interactivedisplays process  numerous  payment  requests  offering  modern  apple  and  android  pay  options,  there  are  plenty  of  other  crowdfunding  payment  solutions  that  cannot  be  ignored.  united  kingdom  ukraine  cyprus  e:  t:  this  website  uses  cookies.  by  using  and  further  navigating  this  website  you  accept  this.detailed  information  about  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website  is  available  by  clicking  on  .
__label__interactivedisplays if  there  is  one  area  of  technology  thats  getting  everybody  excited,  its  the  internet  of  things  connected  technologies  and  objects  that  have  the  ability  to  change  our  lives  and  the  world  of  business  in  many  of  different  ways.  while  the  iot  may  still  be  in  its  infancy,  its  expected  to  grow  to  massive  levels  over  the  next  few  years.  ,  the  markets  size  could  be  worth  a  staggering  19  trillion  within  the  next  decade  and  could  add  over  10  trillion  to  the  worlds  gdp.  analysts  at  mckinsey  global,  meanwhile,  expect  the  industry  to  rake  in  6.2  trillion  annually  by  2025.
__label__interactivedisplays these  numbers  are  exceptional  and  however  you  look  at  iot,  the  fact  remains  its  a  revolution  that  will  have  an  impact  on  us  all.  there  are  many  people  who  believe  everything  will  be  connected  to  the  internet,  not  just  devices  like  smartphones  and  computers,  and  that  it  will  eventually  be  abnormal  to  come  across  an  object  that  doesnt  have  a  connection.  there  is,  however,  often  an  assumption  that  iot  is  focused  on  our  domestic  and  consumer  needs,  but  that  couldnt  be  more  wrong.  yes,  well  see  everyday  objects  like  kettles  and  fridges  become  connected,  but  iot  will  also  make  major
__label__interactivedisplays strides  in  the  world  of  business  and  enterprise.  one  notable  area  ripe  for  transformation  by  the  iot  is  the  financial  services  and  insurance  sector.  insurance  is  an  expensive  business.  customers  pay  for  policies  to  protect  their  homes,  cars  and  other  valuables,  and  expect  insurers  to  foot  the  bill  if  something  goes  wrong.  while  this  is  how  the  industry  has  always  worked  and  seems  quite  fair,  insurers  are  starting  to  lose  too  much  money  doing  business  this  way.  consequently,  its  increasingly  being  seen  as  dated  and  unsustainable.  this  is  where  iot  comes  into  the  picture.  neos,  which  has  just  launched,  claims
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  the  uks  first  connected  home  insurance  company.  the  firm  provides  consumers  with  the  latest  connected  tech  to  monitor  potential  threats  in  realtime.  that  way,  they  can  identify  problems  and  fix  them  before  damage  occurs.  matt  poll,  ceo  and  cofounder  of  neos,  says  his  company  wants  to  help  homeowners  prevent  accidents  from  happening.  we  believe  insurance  should  do  far  more  than  just  pay  out  for  claims.  its  in  the  interests  of  both  the  consumer  and  the  insurer  to  actively  prevent  things  from  going  wrong.  preventing  damage  saves  consumers  the  hassle  of  extensive  repairs  and  the  heartache  of  losing  their
__label__interactivedisplays priceless  possessions,  as  well  as  reducing  costs  for  the  insurer,  he  tells  it  pro  .  thats  why  were  taking  a  fresh  approach  to  insurance,  harnessing  the  power  of  internet  connected  devices  to  monitor  for  the  biggest  threats  to  the  home  fire,  floods  and  theft  in  real  time.  any  time  the  user  wants  to  check  up  on  their  home  a  few  taps  of  the  app  will  grant  them  instant  peace  of  mind,  and  if  something  does  go  wrong  they  can  be  alerted  immediately.  while  the  latest  innovation  can  offer  many  benefits,  there  are  always  plenty  of  people  who  need  to  be
__label__interactivedisplays convinced  on  its  merits.  indeed,  when  both  the  financial  and  time  costs  involved  are  taken  into  account,  they  may  have  a  point.  alexandra  foster,  head  of  insurance  and  strategy  of  global  banking  and  financial  markets  at  bt,  says  insurance  firms  should  begin  implementing  iot  strategies  because  the  benefits  are  wideranging,  but  they  need  to  be  aware  of  the  challenges  at  the  same  time  especially  around  data.  for  insurance  companies  traditionally  a  digital  laggard  the  internet  of  things  has  the  potential  to  transform  their  relationship  with  their  policyholders.  used  imaginatively,  the  data  collected  and  analysed  through  the  iot  should  facilitate  a
__label__interactivedisplays better  understanding  of  a  customers  risk  profile,  cleverer  marketing  and  more  accurate  pricing.  but  the  use  of  this  data  must  be  managed  safely,  securely  and  confidentially,  she  says.  more  and  more  cios  and  cisos  are  coming  to  us  under  pressure  not  only  from  growing  security  requirements  but  also  by  demands  for  increased  scalability  as  the  sources  of  data  presented  by  the  iot  increase.  they  want  to  know  how  they  can  manage  and  analyse  the  huge  amount  of  data  the  iot  will  generate  while  ensuring  it  is  protected,  she  adds.  when  it  comes  to  working  with  iot  and  data  in  this
__label__interactivedisplays space,  foster  recommends  firms  take  a  cloud  approach.  one  of  the  answers  we  at  bt  give  is  what  we  call  a  cloud  of  clouds  offering,  which  combines  public,  private  and  hybrid  services  into  one  single  cloud  that  companies  can  manage  centrally.  this  creates  a  highly  secure  ecosystem  that  connects  thousands  of  applications  and  services  with  users  worldwide,  she  says.  its  not  just  the  insurance  sector  thats  going  to  benefit  from  iot  in  the  near  future;  finance  and  banking  firms  will  also  reap  the  rewards.  dharmesh  mistry,  uxp  and  digital  product  director  at  financial  services  software  provider  temenos,  predicts  the  bank
__label__interactivedisplays of  things  will  come  to  fruition  as  the  industry  moves  towards  a  connected  tech  revolution.  essentially,  like  insurance  firms,  our  banks  will  rely  heavily  on  connected  devices,  sensors  and  data.  we  are  on  the  cusp  of  a  new  technological  dawn  that  is  going  to  bring  about  the  bank  of  things,  says  mistry.  as  they  gain  access  to  an  increasingly  rich  data  set  about  their  customers  lifestyles  ...  financial  institutions  will  be  able  to  respond  in  real  time  to  customer  needs.  it  will  transform  products  such  as  insurance,  which  will  become  more  personalised  to  suit  an  individuals  lifestyle.  with  connected  homes,
__label__interactivedisplays one  account  for  a  family  could  connect  utilities  with  the  bank,  linking  a  smart  meter  to  the  bank  account  and  switching  between  suppliers  to  get  the  best  deals;  meanwhile  in  the  kitchen,  your  fridge  will  manage  your  shopping,  and  possibly  even  work  with  the  bin  to  record  which  items  have  been  taken  from  the  cupboard,  he  explains.  banks  could  even  play  a  more  active  role  in  our  daily  lives,  providing  spending  advice.  as  the  concept  of  connected  cities  comes  to  fruition,  banks  will  become  more  helpful  in  daytoday  situations,  mistry  says.  your  bank  could  send  a  warning  to  skip  starbucks
__label__interactivedisplays that  day  if  you  have  overspent  on  sundries  that  month;  it  could  prompt  you  to  think  twice  about  buying  a  takeaway  pizza  if  you  havent  exercised  that  day;  or  could  suggest  delaying  going  into  the  city  by  an  hour,  to  avoid  peak  toll  fees  caused  by  current  congestion.  in  connected  cities,  banks  will  have  a  sizeable  role  to  play  in  the  facilitation  and  control  of  payments,  but  again,  there  are  also  huge  opportunities  for  them  to  act  as  trusted  infomediaries  not  only  in  providing  relevant  financial  offers,  but  by  supplying  contextual  advice  and  rewards  in  other  areas  of  life  to
__label__interactivedisplays attract  and  retain  customers,  he  claims.  connected  technology  could  also  make  financial  services  more  accessible  to  emerging  markets.  kriti  sharma,  vp  of  bots  and  artificial  intelligence  at  sage,  says:  for  me,  the  worlds  emerging  markets  give  us  the  best  examples  of  how  iot  is  revolutionising  banking  and  finance.  iot  enabled  devices  like  kiosks  and  video  conferencing  have  made  banking  accessible  to  entirely  new  populations.  of  the  130  million  bank  accounts  opened  in  india  under  the  financial  inclusion  program,  two  thirds  are  in  rural  areas  theres  huge  appetite  for  banking  in  these  spaces,  but  setting  up  physical  bank  branches  is  often
__label__interactivedisplays impossible.  and  in  africa,  iot  devices  have  become  the  primary  interface  for  businesses  to  manage  all  aspects  of  their  money  and  business  performance.  the  iot  will  no  doubt  continue  to  develop  and  impact  more  industries  as  the  years  go  on,  but  its  increasingly  clear  that  its  already  affecting  diverse  sectors  such  as  banking,  finance  and  insurance,  as  well  as  the  traditional  examples  of  manufacturing  and  transport.  it  will  be  be  even  more  interesting  to  see  how  this  revolution  moves  forward  in  the  future.  the  it  pro  guide  to  windows  10  migration  everything  you  need  to  know  for  a  successful  transition
__label__interactivedisplays managing  security  risk  and  compliance  in  a  challenging  landscape  how  key  technology  partners  grow  with  your  organisation  softwaredefined  storage  for  dummies  control  storage  costs,  eliminate  storage  bottlenecks  and  solve  storage  management  challenges  6  best  practices  for  escaping  ransomware  a  complete  guide  to  tackling  ransomware  attacks
__label__interactivedisplays financial  kiosk  services  have  been  around  for  a  long  time.  these  are  often  a  billpay  kiosk  for  courts  and  utility  billpay  but  can  also  be  financial  services,  cash  back,  atms  and  many  other  financial  functions.  selling  new  financial  services  using  consumer  friendly  ipad  and  android  tablet  kiosks  is  another  one.  payments  sponsors  members  with  payment  technology  additionally,  there  are  companies  such  as  which  provide  3g/4g  secure  monitoring  of  smart  safes  for  atms  and  kiosks.  companies  with  software  that  directly  support  the  cash  and  coin  devices.  silver  bronze  we  promise  not  to  harass  you  with  emails  like  many  do.  good  tip
__label__interactivedisplays for  the  best  experience  and  to  ensure  full  functionality  of  this  site,  please  enable  javascript  in  your  browser.  technology  has  changed  the  face  of  retail.  where  once  you  had  to  step  into  a  store  to  choose  specific  items,  you  can  now  do  so  from  your  mobile  device.  as  we  rely  more  on  technology,  retailers  must  find  ways  to  integrate  into  the  shopping  experience.  imagine  you  could  pull  up  a  customers  entire  shopping  history  when  they  walk  up  to  the  checkout  counter  using  your  pointofsalesoftware.  according  to  a  from  creo,  a  pos  provider,  that  may  be  a  future  feature  of  pos
__label__interactivedisplays systems.  seventyseven  percent  of  surveyed  retailers  believe  that  personalized  digital  screens  as  part  of  the  pos  experience  are  here  to  stay.  marketers  also  see  pos  systems  that  can  access  a  shoppers  history  as  a  potential  opportunity  for  retailers.  as  customers  give  more  information  to  retailers,  creo  indicated,  it  providesretailers  the  opportunity  to  customize  the  entire  shopping  experience  to  each  person  that  walks  in.  iot  could  offer  a  more  pleasant  shopping  experience  the  internet  of  things  phenomenon  may  also  hit  the  brickandmortarstore.  wireless  sensors  on  shelves  that  alert  associates  when  an  item  is  out  of  stock  may  reduce  frustration  for  customers.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  may  also  address  another  pain  point  for  customers:  many  shoppers  report  that  a  long  checkout  time  leads  to  anegative  shopping  experience.  a  from  zebra  found  that  retailers  are  looking  to  address  this  problem  by  incorporating  more  mobile  pos  systems  as  well  as  additional  kiosks  to  speed  up  checkout  time.  these  uptodate  pos  systems  may  also  be  able  to  update  with  price  changes  faster  and  minimize  the  anger  that  customers  feel  when  there  is  a  price  difference  between  an  online  product  and  one  in  store.  advocates  of  iot  and  customization  see  the  benefits  these  technologies  can  offer  retailers.  however,  customers
__label__interactivedisplays and  organizations  concerned  about  privacy  take  pause.  retailers  are  targeted  for  data  breaches,  exposing  customers  credit  card  information  to  hackers.  if  we  are  to  include  more  personalized  experiences  in  store,  they  must  be  matched  by  an  increase  in  security.  technology  continues  to  change  at  a  rapid  pace  and  it  affects  all  sectors.  customers  are  on  their  phones  more  and  marketing  companies  are  eager  to  find  a  way  to  tap  into  the  information  they  provide.  while  pos  systems  have  some  ways  to  go,  there  is  plenty  that  retailers  can  use  currently.  a  can  send  customized  email  offers  and  can  post  messages
__label__interactivedisplays to  social  media  with  tailored  offers  based  on  sales  data.  to  make  the  most  of  the  retail  space  for  your  customers,  you  may  need  to  invest  in  a  pos.  reach  out  to  visual  retail  plus  to  learn  how  a  pos  can  improve  your  business.
__label__interactivedisplays search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  in  the  wake  of  black  friday  and  cyber  monday,  this  seems  like  the  perfect  time  to  look  some  of  the  many  ways  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  transforming  the  world  of  retail.  the  around  the  world,  and  according  to  estimates  from  .  here  are  a  half  dozen  ways  that  might  come  to  pass:  the  six  trends  listed  here  cover  a  wide  range,  from  what  you  buy  to
__label__interactivedisplays how  its  sold  and  even  how  stores  work,  but  theyre  only  the  tip  of  the  iceberg  the  retail  trends  we  happen  to  be  able  to  see  right  now.  over  the  coming  months  and  years,  look  for  the  iot  to  drive  even  more  dramatic  shifts  in  the  retail  landscape,  moving  things  in  directions  we  cant  yet  imagine.  dont  say  you  werent  warned.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.
__label__interactivedisplays retail  is  a  tough  industry  to  survive  in.  the  competition  is  rough,  margins  are  low  and  customers  are  demanding.  therefore,  retailers  have  reinvented  their  game  time  and  again  and  technology  has  come  to  their  aid  at  numerous  stages.  sometimes  in  the  form  of  data  analytics  to  understand  customer  behavior,  at  times  as  an  ai  powered  chatbot  to  enhance  customer  brand  engagement  and  now  it  is  internet  of  things  iot  playing  its  part  in  transforming  retail.  internet  of  things  with  the  strong  and  intrinsic  flavor  of  retail  has  imbibed  its  own  life  and  breath  and  i  fondly  term  it  as  the
__label__interactivedisplays retail  of  things.  iot  has  been  a  buzz  word  of  2016  and  has  further  spread  its  expanse  in  2017.  per  a  survey  by  markets  and  markets,  the  global  iot  in  the  retail  market  is  expected  to  grow  from  usd  14,280.0  million  in  2015  to  usd  35,640.0  million  by  2020,  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  20.0.  industry  researchers,  experts  and  technologists  have  devoted  resourcesmonetary  and  human,  to  divulge  deeper  into  the  opportunities  iot  presents  to  the  industry.  another  study  by  retail  systems  research  rsr,  72  percent  of  retailers  surveyed  stated  that  they  have  invested  in  iot  related  projects
__label__interactivedisplays already.  in  short,  retail  of  things  is  not  just  a  buzz  word  but  is  a  reality  and  retailers  need  a  multifold  approach  to  leverage  the  opportunities  that  it  brings  in  the  strategic  and  operational  arenas  of  retail  industry.  with  changing  trends,  intensified  competition  and  fastidious  consumers,  rot  can  play  a  pivotal  role  for  retailers  to  add  new  channels,  drive  customer  satisfaction  and  increase  business  revenues.  companies  need  to  consciously  reinvent  their  strategies  and  implement  technologies  to  enrich  the  customer  experience.  target  implemented  beacon  technology  alerts  customers  of  personalized  offers  and  instore  discounts  enables  customers  to  access  product  information  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays help  of  the  target  app  and  bluetooth.  as  an  example,  we  can  see  rebecca  minkoff  stores  which  intends  to  offer  their  customers  a  more  personalized  experience.  to  achieve  the  stated  goal,  they  installed  smart  mirrors  and  rfid  tags  that  help  a  customer  to  try  on  clothing  virtually  and  also  offer  suggestions  of  various  looks.  ralph  lauren  went  a  step  ahead  by  embedding  iot  features  in  its  products  and  recently  launched  a  tshirt  range  that  monitors  vital  stats,  heart  beat  rate  and  calories.  customers  can  now  sync  this  data  with  their  phone  health  app.  adding  another  dimension  to  the  rot  impact,
__label__interactivedisplays amazon  echo  and  samsung  smarter  things,  made  connected  homes  a  reality  with  the  deployment  of  digital  assistants  that  enables  the  customer  to  control  lighting,  burglar  alarms  systems  and  thermostats.  amazons  echo  and  google  home  also  serve  as  virtual  assistants  and  search  devices  by  helping  consumers  with  anything  from  ordering  pizza  to  getting  a  rental  movie.  rot  retail  of  things  is  an  amalgamation  of  technology  both  hardware  and  software  and  it  requires  tailored  implementation  in  the  defined  framework  of  retail  as  an  industry.  indisputably,  the  most  crucial  facet  of  rot  retail  of  things  is  the  technology  which  includes  the  devices  and
__label__interactivedisplays components  that  enable  brands  to  amplify  connectivity  with  customers  and  utilize  data  generated  to  optimize  business  objectives  and  shrink  costs.  per  a  research  report  by  juniper  research,  retailers  intending  to  invest  in  iot  technologies  will  spend  an  estimated  2.5  billion  in  hardware  and  installation  costs  by  2020;  a  fourfold  increase  from  2015.  this  investment  is  estimated  to  be  in  the  key  areas  of:  rot  is  a  significant  technology  that  can  transform  the  way  retailers  operate  currently.  although  the  biggest  challenge  is  that  it  needs  to  be  accepted  and  adopted  by  consumers  as  effectively  as  the  retailers.  we  have  already  established
__label__interactivedisplays the  benefit  and  opportunities  that  tag  along  with  rot,  but  a  string  of  benefits  is  also  followed  by  key  challenges.  the  crucial  challenge  retailers  need  to  combat  is  to  manage  and  use  the  data  effectively,  while  ensuring  compliance  and  data  privacy.  although  the  smart  and  connected  devices  can  perfectly  capture  and  transmit  data,  retailers  will  still  need  to  analyze  and  transform  data  into  meaningful  insights.  underlying  the  above  issues  is  the  need  for  robust  networks  and  servers  that  can  handle  the  data  traffic  in  realtime.  having  said  that,  another  critical  challenge  will  be  for  organizations  to  eliminate  siloed  working  and
__label__interactivedisplays engage  departments  to  work  collaboratively  to  optimize  results.  rot  can  make  shopping  experiences  simpler  and  better  and  with  that  in  mind,  what  is  required  is  a  due  diligence  in  place  and  an  open  mind  to  adopt  this  technology  and  leverage  it  to  its  maximum.  is  the  practice  head  client  partnerbig  data  analytics  at  ,  managing  strategic  accounts  in  big  data  analytics  space  in  north  america.  sethu  holds  a  ph.d.  in  systems  from  indian  institute  of  management,  kolkata  focusing  on  artificial  intelligence  and  neural  networks.  he  is  a  regular  speaker  on  analytics  and  strategy.  other  point  of  sale  news  of  interest:
__label__interactivedisplays finding  the  for  your  company  is  all  about  knowing  your  business,  knowing  the  features  you  need,  and  knowing  the  right  questions  to  ask.  get  small  business  resources  and  the  latest  point  of  sale  news  delivered  directly  to  your  inbox  pointofsale.com  2019  shift4  payments,  llc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays todays  smart  retail  environment  needs  a  network  strategy  that  includes  secure  iot  connectivity.  smart  pos  connectivity  helps  to  react  quicker  to  change  of  expectation  and  increased  competition.  therefore,  to  survive,  businesses  have  to  adapt  to  latest  technology,  utilizing  the  pos  connectivity.  basic  wired  pos  systems  can  no  longer  cut  it,  and  even  wifi  has  its  disadvantages.  as  a  result,  issues  with  broadband  speeds  and  security  problems  lead  to  system  loses  and  the  ability  to  process  transactions.  furthermore,  some  pos  systems  may  also  lose  the  ability  to  verify  check  payments.  point  of  sale  pos  devices  are  no  longer  used  as  payment
__label__interactivedisplays processing  tools.  most  noteworthly,  they  have  evolved  into  databases  for  valuable  customer  information  and  retail  insights.  the  rapid  growth  of  online,  mobile  commerce  and  connected  pos  options  need  larger  databases.  furthermore,  they  drive  inventory  management,  supply  chain  management  and  customer  relationship  management.  also,  big  data  analytics  for  targeted  marketing  and  sales  campaigns.  the  key  to  meeting  these  challenges  is  utilizing  highspeed  .  consequently,  this  means  using  4g  lte  cellular  as  part  of  your  pos  connectivity  strategy  to  cope  with  demand.  using  4g  lte  cellular  for  your  pos  connectivity  network  can  make  a  real  difference.  therefore  meeting  the  challenge  by  providing
__label__interactivedisplays realtime,  secure  transaction  of  financial  and  personal  data.  smart  retail  use  point  of  sale  pos  as  a  smart  and  efficient  retail  solution.  as  a  result  of  these  smart  retail  tools  and  management,  high  data  connectivity  can  take  the  business  to  new  level.  most  noteworthy,  high  data  connectivity  ensures  reliable  and  secure  realtime  transactions.  as  a  result,  it  enables  both  financial  and  personal  data,  and  capturing  backend  customer  data.  transaction  processing  time  is  quicker,  with  fewer  customers  waiting  at  the  checkout  counter.  consequently  increasing  customer  satisfaction  and  improved  business  efficiency  help  to  boost  sales.  furthermore,  retail  productivity  is  also  enhanced  with
__label__interactivedisplays multilocations  interconnecting  with  each  other.  as  a  result,  enhancing  productivity  and  meeting  shoppers  expectations  set  by  smart  technologies.  download  your  free  copy  of  the  point  of  sale  pos  infographic  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  do  you  have  any  other  questions  about  our  for  point  of  sale  pos  applications?  please  feel  free  to  contact  us  to  find  out  more.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  is  changing  numerous  aspects  of  the  retail  sectorfrom  customer  experience  to  supply  chain  management.  with  these  transformations  come  new  challenges.  internet  of  things  iot,  at  its  most  basic  understanding,  is  a  network  of  connecting  devices  embedded  with  sensors.  it  allows  these  devices  to  communicate,  analyze,  and  share  data  regarding  the  physical  surrounding  world  via  cloudbased  software  platforms  and  other  networks.  the  sector  has  had  over  the  last  decade  driven  by  technologies  such  as  ,  artificial  intelligence,  and  iot.  the  latter  has  already  been  applied  by  more  than  50  of  major  retailers  worldwide.  it  continues  on  an  upward  trend.  retail
__label__interactivedisplays iot  applications  are  in  many  areas  of  the  industry,  including  industrial  sensors  for  manufacturing,  instore  analysis  devices,  connectivity  systems  that  merge  both  online  and  offline  spheres  of  customer  engagement.  sparklabs  an  exponential  growth  in  the  iot  spacefrom  2.5  billion  devices  in  2017  to  5.4  billion  in  2020  r  the  outcome,  iot  will  make  retail  forever  different.  forwardthinking  retailers  are  already  reaping  the  rewards  of  applying  iot  applications  successfully.  here  are  some  advantages  retail  sector  gain  with  iot  applications:  iot  solutions  like  rfid  tags  and  gps  sensors  can  be  used  by  retailers  to  get  a  comprehensive  picture  regarding  the  movement  of
__label__interactivedisplays goods  from  manufacturing  to  when  its  placed  in  a  store  to  when  a  customer  buys  it.  the  information  gleanedsuch  as  the  time  spent  on  transportation,  or  the  temperature  at  which  the  product  was  being  stored  etc.can  be  analyzed  in  real  time.  this  data  proves  to  be  helpful,  especially  during  the  transportation  of  perishable  products,  where  .  according  to  some  experts,  roughly  of  retailers  plan  to  modernize  their  supply  chain  management  with  iot  solutions  iot  also  helps  brick  and  mortar  retailers  by  generating  insights  into  customer  data  while  opening  opportunities  for  leveraging  that  data.  for  example,retailer  iot  applications  can  synthesize  data
__label__interactivedisplays from  video  surveillance  cameras,  mobile  devices,  and  social  media  websites,  allowing  merchants  better  to  predict  customer  behavior.  8  in  10  retail  stores  have  admitted  that  iot  has  improved  overall  customer  experience.  roughly  the  same  number  have  claimed  that  it  has  increased  business  efficiency.  inventory  management  can  be  a  headache.  a  lack  of  accurate  tracking  for  inventory  can  lead  to  stockouts  and  overstock,  costing  retailers  around  the  world  billions  annually.  iot  can  tackle  these  issues  by  automating  inventory  visibility.  by  applying  smart  inventory  management  solutions  based  on  store  shelf  sensors,  rfid  tags,  beacons,  video  monitoring,  and  digital  price  tags,  retail  businesses
__label__interactivedisplays can  enhance  procurement  planning.  when  product  inventory  is  low,  the  system  offers  to  reorder  the  adequate  amount  based  on  the  analytics  acquired  from  iot  data.  checkout  is  one  operation  that  is  the  most  laborintensive  and  often  disliked  process  for  customers.  when  checkout  lines  are  too  long,  many  people  leave  without  purchasing  anything,  resulting  in  lost  profit.  in  order  to  stop  customers  from  leaving  without  any  purchases,  retailers  can  use  iot  solutions  to  automate  point  of  sale  pos  systems.  automated  pos  can  read  tags  on  each  product  when  the  customer  leaves  the  store  and  automatically  charge  them  from  a  mobile  payment
__label__interactivedisplays app.  in  a  small  store,  the  mall  traffic  can  be  examined  across  several  retailers  so  the  entire  shopping  journey  is  understood.  in  a  smart  store,  you  can  use  videobased  foottraffic  monitoring  to  see  whether  customers  dwell  in  one  product  area  more  than  others.  then,  in  real  time,  you  can  direct  an  associate  to  help  out  the  customer  or  examine  the  information  later  in  order  to  tweak  the  store  layouts  for  more  efficient  customer  visits.  moreover,  by  observing  the  store  traffic  and  customer  demand  in  realtime,  you  can  customize  the  existing  instore  shopping  experience.  is  used  for  energy  management,  estimating  equipment
__label__interactivedisplays failure,  and  preventing  other  problems  before  they  occur.  for  example,  every  grocery  store  houses  a  lot  of  complex  equipment,  such  as  refrigeration  units  and  hvac  systems.  when  these  units  are  fitted  with  sensors,  you  can  forecast  maintenance  issues  that  may  impact  the  power  consumption  for  savings  or  even  monitor  the  temperature  fluctuations  to  ensure  food  safety.  demandalert  warehouse  fulfillment  is  about  warehouse  automation  driven  by  instore  and  online  shopping  demand.  iot  permits  you  to  monitor  sales  and  opportunities  in  realtime.  it  even  allows  you  to  track  missed  instore  sales.  its  necessary  to  note  that  rfid  is  a  welltested  part  of
__label__interactivedisplays iot  that  can  be  used  for  more  accurate  service  level  optimization  and  for  inventory  management.  with  the  power  of  technology,  the  warehouse  of  the  future  will  be  an  open  space  in  which  the  automated  pallets  will  selforganize  depending  on  realtime  demand.  in  retail,  moving  merchandise  more  efficiently  is  a  major  goal  to  achieve.  iot  can  play  a  crucial  part  in  the  maintenance  of  transport,  tracking,and  route  optimization.  of  course,  many  retailers  have  been  using  gps  to  track  and  route  goods  transportation  for  years,  but  with  iot,  were  able  to  understand  with  much  greater  accuracy  how  close  a  pallet  of  merchandise
__label__interactivedisplays is  given  to  the  store.  most  retailers  lack  the  infrastructure  and  network  components  that  huge  volumes  of  iot  data  require.  in  order  for  merchants  to  digitize  their  retail  stores,  they  would  need  to  have  a  robust  network,  cloud  solutions,  and  enduser  solutions  such  as  barcode  scanners,  tablets,  and  mpos.  all  of  those  things  would  require  considerable  investment.  the  solution  here  is  that  there  is  no  need  to  overinvest  in  infrastructure  all  at  once  when  it  comes  to  implementing  a  new  technology.  you  can  start  with  small  infrastructure  changes,  e.g.  using  iot  to  manage  ac  or  the  lighting,  which  will  bring
__label__interactivedisplays a  more  immediate  roi.  you  can  gradually  get  more  sophisticated  with  your  iot  solutions.  many  retailers  are  wary  of  the  security  and  privacy  issues  associated  with  iot.  these  concerns  have  been  amplified  by  the  .  access  to  the  customers  data  gives  retailers  various  opportunities  but  at  the  same  time  opens  the  door  to  cyber  attack  threats  and  legal  complications.  retailers  should  work  closely  with  iot  software  developers  to  make  sure  that  the  devices  and  sensors  they  use  are  designed  with  strong  security  mechanisms  in  mind,  including  basics  like  secure  passwords,  as  well  as  more  advancedsecurity  infrastructure  like  endtoend  encryption,  regular
__label__interactivedisplays software  updates,  and  an  it  infrastructure  that  actively  scans  for  bugs  and  vulnerabilities.  carrying  out  iot  data  analysis  in  a  timely  and  relevant  manner  represents  a  huge  challenge  for  retail  businesses  due  to  a  lack  of  relevant  qualifications  and  expertise.  there  isnt  enough  technical  and  analytical  skill  at  hand  to  gain  valuable  insights  from  the  huge  amount  of  data  collected  from  iot.  retail  businesses  can  hire  domain  experts  or  depend  on  third  parties  with  the  relevant  iot  qualifications  and  training,  who  can  take  over  data  management  processes.  by  forestalling  those  challenges,  retailers  get  a  chance  to  make  their  iot  investment
__label__interactivedisplays profitable  while  gaining  a  competitive  edge  in  the  market.  implementing  iot  solutions  can  deliver  valuable  insights  to  retailers.  such  solutions  can  facilitate  streamlined  customer  experiences  while  amplifying  profits.  with  typical  iot  solutions,  retailers  are  digitizing  brickandmortar  stores,  which  can  have  an  immense  roi  from  improved  efficiency  in  the  supply  chain,  increased  marketing  conversions,  and  more.  consequently,  its  clear  that  iotenabled  technologies  have  the  power  to  improve  customer  experience  as  well  as  increased  brand  loyalty.
__label__interactivedisplays the  power  of  big  data,  analytics  and  machine  learning  have  created  unique  opportunities  in  the  ecommerce  industry.  thanks  to  datadriven  enhancements  to  ads,  upselling  and  crossselling,  online  shoppers  are  able  to  get  what  they  want,  when  they  want  it.  this  transformation  has  had  a  direct  and  positive  impact  on  business  efficiency,  driving  more  sales  and  improving  customer  satisfaction.  but  it  has  also  had  the  adverse  effect  of  widening  the  gap  between  online  and  brickand  mortar  businesses,  and  has  faced  the  retail  industry  with  higher  shopper  expectations  and  unprecedented  challenges.  however,  the  advent  and  development  of  the  internet  of  things  iot
__label__interactivedisplays and  the  widespread  use  of  mobile  devices  and  mobile  apps  can  help  overcome  these  challenges.  thanks  to  microprocessors  and  ubiquitous  internet  connectivity,  smart  devices  can  be  deployed  everywhere  and  on  everything,  from  point  of  sales  systems  to  dressing  rooms.  thanks  to  microprocessors  and  ubiquitous  internet  connectivity,  smart  devices  can  be  deployed  everywhere  and  on  everything,  from  point  of  sales  systems  to  dressing  rooms.  this  enables  retailers  to  gather  and  analyze  data  like  never  before,  and  to  interact  with  each  shopper  in  a  unique  and  personalized  way.  heres  how  every  aspect  of  a  retail  business  can  benefit  from  iot  technology  and
__label__interactivedisplays mobile  apps,  effectively  improving  sales,  cutting  costs  and  drawing  customers  back  to  the  store.  inventory  management  problems  account  for  some  of  the  biggest  expenditures  and  losses  in  retail  stores.  according  to  a  ,  inventory  distortion,  including  overstock,  stockouts,  and  shrinkage,  cost  retailers  a  yearly  1.1  trillion  worldwide.  in  the  u.s.,  every  year,  1.5  percent  of  total  retail  sales.  thanks  to  iot,  retailers  will  be  able  to  not  only  improve  inventory  control  within  the  store  but  also  expand  it  to  the  supply  chain.  tracking  of  goods  no  longer  starts  at  the  stores  receiving  dock  it  begins  at  the  point  of  manufacturing.
__label__interactivedisplays with  rfid  tags  placed  on  goods  and  environmental  sensors  in  transportation  vehicles,  retailers  will  be  able  to  trace  the  goods  they  purchase  and  their  treatment  and  conditions  throughout  the  supply  chain.  information  gathered  from  devices  will  be  analyzed  in  the  cloud  and  rulebased  notifications  and  alerts  can  be  sent  to  desktop  and  mobile  apps  in  order  to  inform  employees  and  staff  members  of  events  that  must  be  acted  upon.  the  enhanced  control  will  enable  suppliers  to  reduce  product  damage  throughout  the  journey  to  retail  outlets.  this  will  prove  especially  useful  for  the  shipping  of  perishable  and  temperature  sensitive  inventory.  retailers
__label__interactivedisplays can  also  leverage  iot  technologies  such  as  rfid  to  track  products  through  the  extended  supply  chain,  i.e.  after  the  product  has  been  sold.  having  data  and  improved  visibility  will  streamline  otherwisedifficult  tasks  such  as  critical  product  recalls.  one  of  the  perennial  problems  retailers  are  faced  with  is  the  lack  of  accurate  inventory  tracking.  store  shelves  arent  replenished  on  time;  items  are  misplaced  in  shelves;  sales  associates  arent  able  to  locate  items  customers  are  looking  for;  order  management  is  abysmal,  leading  to  excessive  purchase  orders  to  avoid  stockouts.  the  results  are  higher  inventory  costs,  lost  worker  productivity,  mishandled  stocking,  potentially  empty
__label__interactivedisplays shelves  and  missed  sales  opportunities.  iot  technology  can  tackle  these  problems  by  bringing  more  visibility  into  the  location  of  inventory  items  and  offering  more  control.  by  deploying  an  inventory  management  system  that  is  based  on  rfid  chips,  sensors  and  beacons,  physical  assets  can  be  directly  synced  with  database  servers.  additional  technologies  such  as  store  shelf  sensors,  digital  price  tags,  smart  displays  and  highresolution  cameras  combined  with  image  analysis  capabilities  can  further  help  enhance  the  control  of  retailers  on  goods  located  at  store  shelves  and  in  the  back  storage.  subsequently  retailers  can  better  ensure  inventory  is  adequately  stocked,  and  when  stock
__label__interactivedisplays levels  become  low,  reorder  quantities  can  be  suggested  based  on  analytics  made  from  pos  data.  according  to  the  mckinsey  report,  reducing  stockouts  and  overstocks  can  help  lower  inventory  costs  by  as  much  as  10  percent.  the  use  of  iot  can  also  reduce  missed  sales  opportunities  attributed  to  poorly  stocked  shelves.  when  customers  are  unable  to  find  what  theyre  looking  for,  theyll  take  their  business  elsewhere.  this  can  happen  while  the  desired  item  is  actually  available  in  the  backroom  or  displaced  to  some  other  shelf.  sales  associates  can  quickly  track  items  by  their  rfids  using  their  mobile  devices  and  beacons  installed
__label__interactivedisplays across  the  store.  they  can  also  receive  timely  alerts  for  misplaced  items  and  emptied  shelves  in  order  to  minimize  customer  mishaps.  improved  onshelf  availability  can  improve  sales  by  as  much  as  11  percent,  the  mckinsey  report  states.  improved  onshelf  availability  can  improve  sales  by  as  much  as  11  percent  shrinkage  and  fraud  is  an  everpresent  challenge  in  retail  stores,  whether  from  customers  or  employees.  iot  can  help  curb  the  theft  of  items  by  adding  a  layer  of  visibility  and  traceability  to  inventory  items.  rfids,  smartshelves  and  camera  feeds  combined  with  sophisticated  machine  learning  technology  can  paint  a  clearer  picture  of
__label__interactivedisplays what  takes  place  instore,  detect  suspicious  movement  and  determine  whether  items  have  been  obtained  through  legal  means.  also,  knowing  that  items  are  being  tracked  will  discourage  patrons  and  employees  from  resorting  to  the  pilfering  of  goods.  this  is  a  huge  improvement  from  traditional  systems  which  rely  on  human  monitoring,  pointof  sale  data  and  receipts  to  validate  the  sale  of  goods.  one  of  the  benefits  of  online  shopping  is  being  able  to  push  products  and  offers  to  customers  instead  of  waiting  for  them  to  find  them  on  their  own.  this  helps  to  catch  the  attention  of  customers  at  the  right  moment
__label__interactivedisplays and  improve  sales  dramatically.  iot  will  help  enhance  the  brickand  mortar  experience  to  this  level  by  helping  gather  data,  perform  analysis  and  make  the  best  decisions  for  retail  stores.  trying  to  figure  out  how  customers  navigate  store  isles  is  valuable  information.  retailers  always  try  to  lay  out  their  stores  in  order  to  maximize  exposure  to  customers  and  improve  sales.  in  the  preiot  days,  this  has  been  done  through  human  observation,  educated  guesses,  random  experimentation  and  manual  sales  correlation.  but  now,  thanks  to  data  gathered  from  rfid  chips,  iot  motion  detection  sensors,  beacons  and  video  analytics,  retailers  can  gather  precise  data
__label__interactivedisplays from  customer  movement  patterns  and  identify  premium  traffic  areas.  iot  makes  is  possible  to  learn  how  customers  interact  with  specific  items  and  discover  which  items  are  abandoned.  changes  to  store  layouts  can  be  automatically  correlated  to  customer  behavior  changes  and  sales  figures  in  order  to  perform  precise  a/b  testing  on  tweaks  and  modifications.  being  able  to  identify  customers  that  need  help,  and  tending  to  their  needs  in  time  is  an  important  factor  in  closing  sales  and  improving  conversion  rates.  but  instore  staff  can  only  watch  so  many  customers  at  once,  and  in  many  cases  the  presence  of  a  salesperson  can
__label__interactivedisplays be  misinterpreted  and  considered  offensive  by  customers.  iot  helps  deal  with  this  problem  without  disrupting  the  customer  experience.  motion  detection  sensors,  cameras  and  facial  expression  recognition  algorithms  can  help  identify  customer  who  have  been  standing  too  long  in  one  location  and  are  manifesting  confusion  and  ambivalence.  the  iot  ecosystem  can  then  notify  a  nearby  sales  associate  through  a  mobile  or  smart  watch  app.  this  way,  shoppers  get  a  better  experience  because  they  arent  kept  waiting,  and  retailers  optimize  their  instore  staff.  banner  ads  and  product  suggestions  that  are  customized  based  on  browsing  and  purchasing  history  are  one  of  the  features
__label__interactivedisplays that  give  online  shopping  channels  the  edge  over  brickand  mortar  retail.  crossselling  and  upselling  have  become  an  important  source  of  revenue  for  online  sellers.  iot  can  help  retailers  collect  data  and  make  offers  to  customers  that  will  put  them  on  par  with  their  online  counterparts.  rfid  chips,  sensors  and  beacons  can  gather  data  about  customer  interactions  with  store  items.  the  data  can  be  analyzed  by  machine  learning  solutions  and  used  to  push  extra  information,  customer  reviews,  recommendations  and  special  offers  on  smart  displays  that  are  installed  in  stores.  mobile  apps  can  help  move  the  experience  to  the  next  level.  while
__label__interactivedisplays customers  interact  with  instore  items,  the  iot  ecosystem  can  merge  the  collected  insights  with  their  online  product  browsing  history  in  order  to  provide  useful  information,  offer  loyalty  programs  and  offer  smarter  suggestions  for  upsells.  iot  devices  and  sensors  help  collect  data  and  glean  insights  from  virtually  every  physical  object  and  event  that  takes  place  in  retail  stores.  but  it  is  with  mobile  apps  that  iot  becomes  a  handson  experience,  especially  in  retail  where  most  of  the  tasks  are  performed  in  field  rather  than  behind  a  desk.  it  is  with  mobile  apps  that  iot  becomes  a  handson  experience,  especially  in  retail
__label__interactivedisplays where  most  of  the  tasks  are  performed  in  field  rather  than  behind  a  desk.  with  a  fully  featured  mobile  app  or  a  suite  of  app  for  mobile  devices  and  wearables  retailers  can  make  sure  that  everyone  within  the  retail  chain  has  access  to  the  data  they  need  anytime,  anywhere,  in  order  to  become  more  efficient  at  their  jobs.  this  includes  salespersons,  inventory  managers,  suppliers  and  everyone  else.  mobile  apps  will  also  improve  the  customer  experience  as  it  will  drive  loyalty  and  enable  customers  to  engage  in  a  more  personalized  experience  with  retail  stores  and  the  smart  gadgets  that  are  installed
__label__interactivedisplays in  them.  mokriya  is  wellpositioned  to  help  you  become  the  next  iotenabled  retailer.  we  have  extensive  experience  in  developing  mobile  apps  for  .  we  also  enjoy  partnerships  with  some  of  the  leading  iot  manufacturers  such  as  intel,  and  we  specialize  in  the  .  the  transition  to  iot  can  be  a  challenging  process.  we  believe  that  every  customer  has  a  unique  story  to  tell  and  every  retailer  has  their  own  set  of  goals  and  challenges  to  meet.  thats  why  we  engage  in  a  customized  and  iterative  development  process.  we  collaborate  with  you  and  involve  you  in  every  step  of  our  process
__label__interactivedisplays to  make  sure  were  always  on  the  right  track,  and  we  regularly  ship  and  present  tangible  progress  to  give  you  a  better  picture  of  the  end  product  as  it  comes  to  fruition.  with  actionable  insights  offered  by  iotpowered  solutions,  retailers  will  be  able  to  offer  customers  what  they  actually  want  through  a  digital,  connected  and  personalized  experience.  the  gamut  of  datadriven  and  cloudpowered  technology  that  is  available  for  the  retail  sector  to  take  advantage  of  can  help  merge  the  benefits  of  online  and  brickand  mortar  shopping  experience.  eventually  iot  will  become  the  de  facto  standard  and  reinvent  retail  as  we
__label__interactivedisplays there  are  certain  situations  where  consumers  will  want  to  take  their  time  when  making  an  important  purchase  and  enjoy  the  whole  buying  experience  when  searching  for  a  brandnew  car,  for  example.  however,  on  a  daytoday  basis,  when  buying  petrol,  groceries  or  even  clothes,  most  want  the  transaction  to  go  through  as  quickly  as  possible.  spotting  a  queue  at  the  till  means  consumers  may  well  decide  to  go  elsewhere.  waiting  to  pay  creates  what  the  retail  experts  call  friction  in  the  sales  process  something  to  be  avoided  at  all  costs  if  traditional  retailers  want  to  compete  with  the  convenience  of  online
__label__interactivedisplays shopping,  says  mike  callender,  executive  chairman  of  .  consequently,  some  of  todays  most  forwardlooking  retailers  are  finding  radical  ways  to  eliminate  the  need  for  tills,  checkouts  and  everything  to  do  with  traditional  point  of  sale  pos  stations.  customers  in  stores  can  scan  their  purchases  on  their  phone  within  the  store,  paying  directly  through  apple  pay  without  even  having  to  speak  to  anyone  and  in  some  shops  staff  roam  the  store  taking  payments  on  a  mobile  device  to  bust  the  queues.  even  though,  as  yet,  petrol  is  one  commodity  unavailable  online,  recognising  the  need  for  convenience  has  thrown  down  the  gauntlet
__label__interactivedisplays with  its  bpme  app,  for  those  who  need  to  save  a  few  precious  minutes  at  the  pump  avoiding  the  queues  of  people  buying  other  items  in  the  garage.  today,  online  retailers  have  eliminated  many  of  the  glitches  experienced  in  the  early  days  of  ecommerce.  as  a  result,  instore  shoppers  are  looking  for  a  similar,  seamless  process,  to  help  save  those  precious  minutes.  imagine  if  payment  could  be  taken  from  a  mobile  device  in  a  changing  room,  so  that  the  purchased  clothes  could  be  bagged  and  readytogo  by  the  time  the  customer  had  put  their  current  clothes  back  on  or  even
__label__interactivedisplays worn  straight  out  of  the  shop.  at  the  moment,  retailers  are  trying  out  multiple  methods  of  eliminating  pos.  scanning  is  a  popular  solution,  however  at  some  point  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  tags  and  cameras  could  take  over.  imagine  automatically  logging  in  as  you  walk  into  a  next  generation  shop  and  rfid  and  cameras  track  what  you  buy  and  then  charge  you  as  you  leave  a  totally  frictionless  experience.  its  likely  that  customers  will  need  to  log  onto  an  app  as  they  enter  a  store  with  individual  store  apps  eventually  merging  into  one  system  such  as  apple  pay.  the  good  thing  about
__label__interactivedisplays using  customers  mobile  phones  as  a  facilitating  device  is  that  its  a  twoway  device  and  retailers  can  send  them  targeted  special  offers  and  discounts  according  to  their  instore  browsing.  in  the  short  term  all  the  technology  needed  is  available;  mobile  phones,  rfid  tags,  highdefinition  cameras  for  tracking  it  just  needs  to  all  be  brought  together.  its  likely  that  retailers  will  select  bestofbreed  solutions  to  create  their  own  personalised  system.  without  their  large  pos  stations,  shops  will  have  far  more  space  to  enhance  the  instore  experience.  this  could  be  used  for  live  demonstrations  or  furnished  with  easy  chairs  and  used  as
__label__interactivedisplays an  area  for  giving  advice  and  discussing  products.  the  apps  will  be  able  to  track  a  customers  journey  around  the  store  and  so  provide  useful  intelligence  on  hot  spots  and  browsing  history.  its  been  shown  that  retailers  upgrade  or  change  their  pos  systems  every  seven  years  there  are  even  some  with  systems  implemented  almost  a  decade  ago  with  many  looking  to  replace  these  devices  this  year  or  next  to  keep  up  with  the  latest  technologies.  this  could  be  the  drive  that  brings  about  a  radical  rethink  leading  to  the  end  of  pos  as  we  know  it.  the  author  of  this
__label__interactivedisplays blog  is  mike  callender,  executive  chairman,  repl  group.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners
__label__interactivedisplays connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  photo  by  istock.com  topics:  ,  ,  sponsored  links:  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in  to  continue  or  use  another  email  address.  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:
__label__interactivedisplays few  industries  have  faced  greater  disruption  than  retail.  consumers  use  smartphones,  apps,  image  and  voice  searches,  augmented  reality,  gps  and  other  tech  tools  to  find  and  buy  all  kinds  of  products.  and  thanks  to  sophisticated  supply  chain  and  logistics  systems,  retailers  can  quickly  give  customers  the  items  they  crave.  adapting  to  this  new  retailing  world  can  be  challenging,  but  it  presents  opportunities  that  shouldnt  be  ignored.  im  working  with  a  number  of  retail  executives  who  understand  how  to  catapult  their  business  to  a  competitive  advantage  by  using  digital  technologies  that  are  woven  into  business  practices  to  generate  greater  value  for
__label__interactivedisplays customers,  business  partners,  and  employees.  at  the  center  of  this  equation  is  the  iot,  which  presents  benefits  that  extend  from  warehouses  and  supply  chains  to  store  designs  and  customer  interactions.  the  right  mix  of  sensors,  devices,  software  and  systems  can  make  a  lot  of  dumb  objects  smart  by  introducing  a  level  of  intelligence  that  was  unimaginable  in  the  past.  the  iot  represents  an  opportunity  to  reduce  friction  and  create  value  for  both  consumers  and  retailers  in  a  variety  of  ways.  for  example,  it  can  make  it  easier  to  track  a  product  across  a  supply  chain  and  ensure  that  it  is
__label__interactivedisplays properly  stored  on  route  to  the  store  shelf.  image  recognition  can  help  retailers  learn  when  customers  enter  a  store  and  then  serve  up  age  or  genderappropriate  promotions  via  the  consumers  smartphones.  the  iot  also  can  make  it  possible  to  develop  different  types  of  payment  systems.  for  example,  some  retailers  have  eliminated  pointofsale  pos  terminals.  instead,  their  employees  use  handheld  devices  to  ring  up  transactions  at  any  spot  in  a  store.  this  approach  frees  up  valuable  space  in  stores  and  allows  a  retailer  to  use  the  space  differently,  such  as  adding  merchandise  particularly  in  highvalue  areas  such  as  the  front  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  store  and  arranging  displays  in  interesting  new  ways.  taking  this  concept  to  the  next  level  with  autonomous  checkout,  stores  scrap  the  need  to  have  workers  process  payments.  instead,  these  stores  are  filled  with  sensors  that  let  shoppers  peruse  aisles,  pick  up  items,  place  them  in  a  bag  and  walk  out.  the  connected  system  using  a  variety  of  technologies,  including  image  recognition  processes  payments  automatically.  with  a  smart  checkout  system  like  this,  theres  no  need  for  customers  to  wait  online  and  pay  for  purchases,  and  employees  can  spend  more  time  helping  customers  find  the  products  they  seek.  iot  technologies  also
__label__interactivedisplays can  help  retailers  link  their  online  and  store  operations.  one  example  is  fashion  retailer  ssense,  which  that  works  in  concert  with  its  web  site.  shoppers  can  select  from  the  more  than  20,000  products  featured  in  a  special  section  of  the  ssense  site,  and  any  items  they  want  to  try  on  are  shipped  from  the  warehouse  to  the  store  within  an  hour.  ikea  is  another  retailer  thats  using  iotbased  solutions  to  marry  online  and  instore  customer  experiences.  the  company  is  that  will  let  customers  point  their  smartphones  at  furniture  on  the  showroom  floor  and  see  variations  different  colors  and  textures,  etc.
__label__interactivedisplays that  may  not  be  in  stock  at  that  specific  location.  the  app  includes  ikeas  full  inventory  of  products,  but  customers  can  add  items  to  a  virtual  shopping  list  only  while  theyre  in  the  store.  the  iot  also  can  use  data  aggregation  and  analytics  to  give  retailers  indepth  insights  into  business  trends.  these  insights  could  include  who  buys  what  and  when  they  buy  it.  is  the  weather  affecting  consumer  shopping?  are  traffic  patterns?  what  other  environmental  issues  are  coming  into  play?  when  these  types  of  analytics  are  combined  with  facial  recognition  and  other  sensing  systems,  retailers  might  even  be  able  to
__label__interactivedisplays determine  the  mood  of  shoppers  and  respond  appropriately  in  order  to  drive  customer  satisfaction.  in  fact,  recent  found  that  72  of  retail  companies  plan  to  use  advanced  data  analytics  to  boost  the  customer  experience  and  build  a  more  customerfocused  supply  chain.  one  foremost  example  is  walmart.  it  recently  opened  a  new  store,  referred  to  as  an  ,  that  uses  iot,  ai  and  analytics  technologies.  with  more  than  30,000  items,  the  store  uses  sensors,  cameras  and  processors  to  gather  information  in  real  time  so  it  can  keep  shelves  filled  with  the  products  customers  want.  of  course,  not  all  retailers  are  ready
__label__interactivedisplays to  make  such  a  major  investment  in  the  iot.  many  want  to  start  on  a  small  scale  with  practical  solutions  that  include  occupancy  sensors,  remote  climate  controls  and  smart  lighting  to  reduce  energy  usage  and  meet  sustainability  goals  in  their  stores  and  storage  facilities.  others  may  choose  an  iot  geolocation  tool  so  they  know  precisely  where  their  physical  assets  all  types  of  equipment  are  at  all  times,  while  some  retailers  are  looking  into  iotbased  predictive  maintenance  to  ensure  that  their  machines  are  repaired  before  they  break  down.  in  addition,  connected  monitoring  sensors  can  let  retailers  know  when  its  time  to
__label__interactivedisplays empty  their  stores  trash  receptacles,  providing  a  cleaner,  safer  environment  for  customers  and  employees.  ultimately,  the  task  for  retailers  is  to  develop  new  ways  to  generate  greater  value  for  their  customers  and  their  business.  as  the  iot  and  related  digital  technologies  mature,  the  art  of  whats  possible  continues  to  grow.  for  example,  represent  innovative  ways  to  use  the  iot  for  reimagining  retail,  including  by  offering  different  models  for  interacting  with  customers.  in  one  of  those  models,  retailers  have  experimented  with  ,  which  allow  people  at  home  to  see  how  a  retailers  clothes  would  look  if  they  were  actually  wearing  them.
__label__interactivedisplays and  some  cosmetics  companies  have  created  ar  apps  that  show  consumers  how  specific  types  of  makeup  would  look  on  their  face.  still  other  retailers  are  exploring  apps  that  let  customers  scan  a  product  with  a  smartphone  and  view  data  and  specs  about  it.  virtual  reality,  while  in  the  early  stages  as  a  business  tool,  offers  opportunities  for  retailers  to  present  products  in  new  ways,  taking  customer  experience  to  a  higher  level.  for  example,  several  automobile  manufacturers  offer  vr  apps  that  let  people  who  are  sitting  in  a  car  at  a  dealership  or  on  their  sofa  at  home  strap  on  a
__label__interactivedisplays headmounted  display  and  experience  what  its  like  to  drive  that  car.  the  takeaway  is  that  the  iot  requires  individuals  and  businesses  to  view  the  retail  industry  through  a  different  lens.  consumers  continue  to  research  products  both  online  and  in  stores  by  using  multiple  channels  and  different  devices.  a  customer  might  begin  a  product  search  on  a  phone,  switch  to  a  laptop,  and  then  decide  to  order  the  item  through  a  smart  speaker  or  at  a  store.  iot  sensors  in  homes,  stores,  businesses  and  other  places  create  more  sophisticated  ways  for  companies  to  interact  with  consumers  and  extend  their  existing  products
__label__interactivedisplays and  services.  retailers  must  begin  adopting  these  connected  technologies,  or  risk  being  left  behind  by  their  competitors.  embracing  this  next  phase  of  retailing  requires  a  wellconceived  strategy,  a  flexible  it  platform,  an  iot  framework,  and  the  right  systems  and  software.  it  may  also  require  new  investments  in  indoor  gps  systems,  specialized  sensors,  cellular  technology  including  emerging  5g,  cloud  computing  services,  facial  or  image  recognition,  voice  assistants  and  other  forms  of  .  retailers  also  may  need  to  interact  with  wearables,  particularly  smart  watches.  whats  promising  about  iot  initiatives  is  that  they  can  start  small  and  grow  as  needed  running  the  gamut
__label__interactivedisplays from  simple  point  solutions  to  huge  supply  chain  ecosystems.  they  can  include  open  innovation  frameworks,  incubators,  and  new  and  sometimes  unconventional  partnerships.  the  good  news  is  that  iot  technology  is  now  mature  enough  and  inexpensive  enough  to  drive  impressive  business  results.  many  sensors  are  available  for  pennies  apiece,  and  retailers  can  build  out  a  framework  and  incorporate  business  partners  for  a  reasonable  investment  in  time  and  money.  at  the  same  time,  iot  components,  such  as  motion  sensors,  can  reduce  operating  and  energy  costs  while  improving  security.  consumers  are  clearly  ready  for  an  iotenabled  future,  and  retailers  that  want  to  succeed
__label__interactivedisplays must  embrace  this  technology  along  with  the  security  and  privacy  thats  required  to  build  trust  with  customers,  partners,  and  employees.  a  pwc  study,  smart  home,  seamless  life,  found  that  81  of  the  public  is  familiar  with  the  concept  of  smart  devices.  it  also  noted  that  convenience  and  the  ability  to  save  time  and  be  more  productive  were  persuasive  factors  in  customers  decisions  to  use  these  devices.  that  means  its  time  for  retailers  to  take  their  business  to  a  higher  level  with  iotenabled  that  can  help  them  compete  effectively  in  todays  demanding  and  everchanging  marketplace.  rob  mesirow,  leader  of  the  connected
__label__interactivedisplays solutions/iot  practice,  is  a  partner  in  the  technology,  media,  and  telecom  tmt  risk  and  regulatory  practice.  based  in  washington,  d.c.,  he  helps  clients  plan  and  execute  their  mobile  and  business  strategies,  and  advises  them  about  regulatory  and  market  complexity  and  operational  and  financial  risks.  get  highlights  of  the  most  important  retail  news  delivered  to  your  inbox  777  terrace  ave,  suite  202  hasbrouck  heights,  nj  07604  1.888.603.3626  info  at  retailtouchpoints.com  copyright  2019  retail  touchpoints.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  applications  in  the  retail  space  are  varied,  and  include  everything  from  retail  kiosks,  to  digital  signage,  lottery  ticket  applications  and  vending  machines.  technology  advances  of  recent  years  support  these  applications,  as  well  as  new  innovation  in  how  to  manage  retail  transactions  with  the  internet  of  things.  the  demand  for  iot  solutions  throughout  the  retail  landscape  is  fueled  by  a  critical  need  for  secure  transactions,  efficient  access  to  products  and  services  and  improved  customer  service.  in  this  blog  post,  we  cover  some  examples  from  digis  customer  stories  describing  iot  applications  in  retail,  and  provide  information  about  how  retailers  can  enhance
__label__interactivedisplays operations  and  customer  satisfaction  with  iot  technology.  you  can  find  more  application  examples,  by  industry,  in  the  section  of  the  digi  site.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  supply  chain  applications  have  been  making  use  of  the  internet  of  things  for  years,  and  the  number  and  variety  of  use  cases  are  still  on  the  rise.  packandship,  tracking  and  distribution  services  can  massively  gain  in  efficiency  using  iot.  and  the  boom  in  online  retail  in  recent  years  has  made  it  an  imperative  for  this  industry  to  rapidly  adapt  to  new  technologies  to  thrive  and  scale.  the  smartbox  company,  based
__label__interactivedisplays in  seoul,  korea,  manufactures  lockers  for  unattended  parcel  delivery.  the  worlds  first  iotbased  delivery  locker  makes  it  possible  to  securely  deliver  packages  so  they  can  only  be  accessed  by  the  intended  recipient.  to  use  the  box,  the  delivery  person  enters  a  mobile  number,  and  delivers  the  parcel  to  the  box.  the  recipient  receives  an  sms  message  with  a  password  enabling  secure  access  to  the  locker.  the  technology  behind  the  system  is  a  that  provides  the  connectivity  and  intelligence  to  enable  singleuse  codes,  as  well  as  a  that  carries  backhaul  traffic  to  the  smartbox  operations  center  for  monitoring  and  maintenance.  the
__label__interactivedisplays xbee  gateway  is  also  responsible  for  sending  the  sms  notifications  to  the  delivery  recipient.  you  can  read  the  complete  case  study  here:  .  food  service  is  another  up  and  coming  driver  for  new  applications  in  iot.  in  fact  digis  business  unit  is  experiencing  rapid  growth  as  more  restaurants,  schools,  supply  chain  services  and  hospitals  recognize  the  critical  need  to  maintain  perishables  at  the  correct  temperatures  for  compliance  and  human  health.  a  great  example  of  a  retail  food  service  application  is  felfels  refrigerated  pointofsale  food  kiosks  for  the  workplace.  based  in  switzerland,  felfel  set  out  to  free  people  from  mediocre  food
__label__interactivedisplays at  work.  the  company  developed  an  innovative  solution  that  enables  office  workers  to  access  healthy  and  delicious  meals  at  affordable  prices,  whenever  needed.  the  solution  is  housed  in  an  attractive  lighted  wooden  case  that  can  be  placed  anywhere  throughout  the  workplace.  the  technology  at  work  in  the  felfel  pos  refrigerated  systems  is  a  with  a  4g  lte  connection  that  powers  an  android  application.  the  application  controls  the  tokenbased  pos  transactions  as  well  as  the  refrigerator  locks.  you  can  read  the  full  story  here:  .  if  you  visited  our  booth  at  ces  2018,  perhaps  you  met  our  customized  hologram  greeter,  supplied
__label__interactivedisplays by  our  customer,  prsonas.  she  did  a  great  job  of  sharing  information  about  our  with  booth  visitors.  a  holographic  greeter  can  act  as  a  virtual  sales  rep  for  retail  businesses,  and  is  an  excellent  conversation  piece  as  well.  prsonas  innovative  solution  ties  together  a  range  of  technologies,  including  artificial  intelligence  and  computergenerated  images  to  create  an  interactive  customer  service  hologram.  in  developing  the  solution,  prsonas  found  wifi  to  present  technological  challenges,  depending  on  the  connectivity  available  at  a  customer  site,  as  well  as  issues  with  firewalls.  they  turned  to  digi  international  for  a  cellular  solution  that  would  provide  uninterrupted  enterprisewide
__label__interactivedisplays connectivity.  digis  transport  wr11  router  provided  the  solution  for  cellular  connectivity.  you  can  read  the  full  story  here:  .  digital  signage  solutions  have  been  evolving  in  recent  years,  as  iot  technology  provides  the  robust  connectivity  needed  to  support  more  sophisticated  signage  applications.  leightronix  is  one  company  focused  on  innovation  in  digital  signage  solutions.  in  an  interview,  david  leighton,  president  and  ceo  of  leightronix,  shared  the  challenges  that  needed  to  be  overcome.  years  ago,  when  a  company  had  digital  signs  in  remote  locations,  theyd  have  to  mail  out  usb  drives  to  update  the  signs.  of  course,  one  problem  is  that  they
__label__interactivedisplays required  an  operator  to  plug  the  drive  in  and  manually  update  the  sign  information.  about  half  the  time,  those  updates  werent  applied  in  a  timely  manner  or  at  all.  and  another  issue  is  that  those  usb  updates  were  sent  in  a  completely  insecure  way,  which  presents  particular  risks  in  certain  market  segments.  in  their  quest  for  efficient  management  of  digital  signage,  they  turned  to  digi.  their  solution  first  utilized  digi  ,  which  are  hardened  devices  designed  to  manage  environmental  challenges.  the  company  then  turned  to  for  robust  connectivity,  which  are  also  designed  to  operate  under  challenging  circumstances.  today,  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays digi  xbee  cellular  modules  embedded  in  its  digital  signs,  leightronix  can  offer  a  dropin,  endtoend  solution  to  customers  that  provides  fast,  costeffective  cellular  updates  with  complete  sign  manageability.  if  you  visited  our  booth  at  electronica  2018,  then  you  had  the  opportunity  to  see  this  innovative  solution  in  action.  steadyserv  technologies  developed  an  iot  solution  for  the  traditionally  lowtech  market  of  beer  service.  they  found  that  bar  managers  were  frustrated  with  the  challenge  of  maintaining  appropriate  inventory  levels.  until  steadyserv  developed  ikeg,  the  only  way  to  determine  the  volume  of  a  beer  keg  was  to  move  it  or  lift  it.  additionally,
__label__interactivedisplays beer  inventory  methods  were  100  manual  and  analog.  the  ikeg  solution  changes  all  that  with  an  application  for  assessing  keg  volumes.  the  beer  keg  sits  on  top  of  a  sensor  which  determines  keg  volume  by  weight,  and  that  data  is  communicated  via  a  gateway,  such  as  the  .  it  also  determines  how  quickly  the  weight  is  changing,  which  then  indicates  how  quickly  patrons  are  consuming  any  given  beer.  on  a  busy  friday  night,  this  can  be  especially  helpful  so  both  patrons  and  bar  staff  can  determine  the  popularity  of  all  brews  on  tap.  and  the  ikeg  app  helps  bar  management
__label__interactivedisplays to  track  sales  and  inventory.  you  can  read  the  full  story  here:  .  whether  traveling  or  at  home,  most  of  us  cant  part  with  our  mobile  devices.  and  the  ability  to  charge  anywhere  is  important  enough  that  many  people  carry  their  charging  cords  everywhere,  which  can  put  a  demand  on  available  outlets.  the  powermat  company  made  use  of  a  custom  digi  gateway  in  an  application  that  enables  users  to  charge  their  phones  from  starbucks  and  other  retail  locations.  the  powermat  wireless  charging  stations  are  embedded  in  tabletops  and  connected  on  site  with  zigbee  mesh  technology.  a  connects  powermat  securely  to
__label__interactivedisplays its  cloudbased  system,  and  also  enables  data  integration  to  capture  information  such  as  the  locations  of  the  charging  spot  stations.  you  can  read  the  full  story  here:  .  when  the  swiss  lottery,  socit  de  la  loterie  de  la  suisse  romande  loro,  set  out  to  provide  pointofsale  pos  terminals  throughout  six  frenchspeaking  regions  of  switzerland,  they  needed  a  way  to  rapidly  set  up  shops  with  their  wireless  solution,  and  ensure  reliable,  secure  connectivity.  they  wanted  to  move  from  a  fixed  line  connection  to  wireless  broadband  to  facilitate  lottery  and  gaming  applications  using  uptodate  networking  technology.  loro  turned  to  ,  which  utilize
__label__interactivedisplays lte  technology  and  can  be  managed  and  monitored  remotely  with  security  patches  and  firmware  updates.  the  wr21  routers  were  preconfigured  with  loros  specifications,  and  in  just  a  few  weeks  the  company  was  able  to  prepare  a  deployment  of  more  than  1,000  wr21  units  to  lottery  game  locations  across  the  region.  loro  is  now  able  to  roll  out  and  update  new  points  of  sale  instantaneously.  you  can  read  the  full  story  here:  .  ensuring  transactions  are  managed  reliably,  and  that  customers  are  satisfied  with  their  experience,  are  two  important  goals  of  every  retail  establishment.  iot  technology  can  support  these  goals  in
__label__interactivedisplays multiple  ways,  from  supplying  robust  wireless  connections  for  transactions  and  other  applications  such  as  customer  wifi  to  providing  router  support  with  features  such  as  dual  wifi  so  if  one  connection  fails,  a  second  connection  kicks  in  automatically.  see  the  full  range  of  iot  resources  for  retail  businesses  at  .  comments  are  closed.
__label__interactivedisplays evolve  your  business  model  with  intel  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  to  meet  techsavvy  consumers  expectations;  deliver  impactful,  personalized  shopping  experiences;  and  gain  competitive  advantage.  endtoend  interoperability  means  you  can  scale  your  solution  as  your  business  needs  change.  connect  tens,  hundreds,  even  thousands  of  endpoints,  from  inventory  rfid  tags  to  digital  displays  to  smart  shelves,  and  manage  them  all  from  a  single  interface.  streamlined  manageability  makes  it  easier  to  connect  all  of  your  things  to  the  cloud  and  to  push  remote  updates  and  new  capabilities  automatically.  for  example,  managing  digital  signs  and  pointofsale  systems  is  a  breeze.  hardwareassisted  and  softwarebased
__label__interactivedisplays security  provides  multilayered  protection  for  data  and  secures  the  connections  and  devices  it  travels  across,  from  thing  to  cloud,  across  the  entire  retail  environment.  receive  regular  intel  retail  product  and  technology  updates,  planning  guides,  solution  stories,  indepth  articles,  and  information  about  upcoming  events.  customer  expectations  are  changingfast.  see  how  intel  and  our  partners  are  helping  evolve  retail,  leading  to  engaged  customers,  increased  sales,  and  reduced  operating  costs.  the  iot  is  a  game  changer  for  the  retail  industry.  learn  why,  and  how  you  can  start  small  to  make  a  big  impact  for  your  company.  levi  strauss  launched  their  intel  based  retail
__label__interactivedisplays sensor  platform  solution  in  their  flagship  california  headquarters  store  to  help  customers  find  the  perfect  pair  of  jeans.  see  how  rugged,  secure,  and  interoperable  intel  based  mobile  pos  and  digital  kiosk  solutions  empower  brickandmortar  retailers  to  deliver  the  goods  to  todays  etailsavvy  consumers.  intel  data  protection  technology  for  transactions  secures  credit  card  and  personal  data  from  the  moment  a  payment  card  is  read  until  the  transaction  is  complete  through  tokenization.  search  the  intel  internet  of  things  solutions  directory  of  proven  intelbased  iot  solutions  to  develop  a  proof  of  concept  or  find  partner  solutions  to  meet  your  specific  business  needs.
__label__interactivedisplays subscribe  to  the  winsight  grocery  business  newsletter  search  winsight  grocery  business  this  post  is  sponsored  by  the  grocery  industry  leadership  awards  program  recognizes  45  emerging  and  established  leaders  in  the  retail  bakery,  deli,  foodservice  and  dairy  sectors.  wgb  and  brandspark  collaborated  for  the  third  annual  most  trusted  u.s.  food  retailers  market  study  to  identify  the  retailers  that  are  capturing  the  highest  affinity  among  shoppers  from  coast  to  coast.  listen  in  to  wgbs  flagship  podcast,  10  items  or  less,  featuring  insights  from  retailers  and  industry  professionals.  exclusive  industry  info  and  insights  straight  to  your  inbox  your  goto  resource  for  all  things
__label__interactivedisplays grocery  take  a  peek  at  the  latest  issue  of  the  magazine  winsight  is  a  leading  b2b  information  services  company  focused  on  the  food  and  beverage  industry,  providing  insight  and  market  intelligence  to  business  leaders  in  every  channel  consumers  buy  food  and  beverage  convenience  stores,  grocery  retailing,  restaurants  and  noncommercial  foodservice  through  media,  events,  data  products,  advisory  services,  and  trade  shows.  copyright  winsight,  llc.  2019
__label__interactivedisplays find  a  partner  in  our  global  community  of  service  providers  who  can  help  you  grow.  explore  our  sales,  agency,  and  app  partnership  programs.  stay  up  to  date  with  the  latest  marketing,  sales,  and  service  tips  and  news.  were  committed  to  your  privacy.  hubspot  uses  the  information  you  provide  to  us  to  contact  you  about  our  relevant  content,  products,  and  services.  you  may  unsubscribe  from  these  communications  at  any  time.  for  more  information,  check  out  our  .  written  by  you  walk  into  a  store  in  search  of  new  sunglasses.  as  you  enter,  your  smartphone  pings,  and  you  open  it  to  find
__label__interactivedisplays a  map,  showing  you  where  the  sunglasses  you  looked  at  online  are  on  display  instore.  you  walk  over  to  them,  try  them  on,  and  put  them  in  your  bag.  a  robot  rolls  up  to  you  and  intercepts,  asking  if  you  need  help  finding  anything  else.  the  robot  takes  you  to  a  jeans  display,  as  youve  requested,  and  finds  your  size.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  the  shelf  where  you  picked  up  the  jeans,  meanwhile,  takes  note  of  the  purchase  and  sends  that  information  to  a  backend  inventory  system,  so  the  retail  stores  manager  knows  to  restock.  sound  a
__label__interactivedisplays little  too  much  like  ?  maybe,  but  this  experience  is  closer  than  you  think,  thanks  to  the  rise  of  iot,  or  ,  which  creates  a  network  between  internetconnected  physical  devices.  in  the  next  few  years,  physical  devices  capable  of  being  connected  to  the  internet  will  continue  to  rise  in  fact,  by  2020,  iot  devices.  the  scenario  above  is  explained  from  a  customers  perspective,  but  its  important  to  take  note  of  just  how  deeply  iot  can  affect  retail  store  owners  and  employees.  mckinsey  estimates  that  the  potential  economic  impact  of  iot  in  retail  environments  will  range  from  .  iot  can  reduce
__label__interactivedisplays inventory  error,  optimize  your  supply  chain  management,  and  decrease  labor  costs.  ultimately,  iot  can  help  your  traditional  brickandmortar  shop  compete  with  todays  onlinefirst  shopping  world,  by  exponentially  improving  customer  experience  and  decreasing  unnecessary  expenses.  there  are  numerous  iotrelated  benefits  to  the  retail  industry,  but  here,  well  hone  in  on  the  seven  most  important  ways  we  think  iot  will  change  retail  in  2018.  youve  probably  seen  how  long  lines  deter  your  customers  from  purchasing  products.  and,  as  a  manager,  it  can  feel  unprofitable  to  pay  multiple  employees  to  work  during  busier  shopping  times.  with  iot,  you  can  set  up  a  system
__label__interactivedisplays to  read  tags  on  each  item  when  a  customer  leaves  the  store.  a  checkout  system  would  then  tally  the  items  up  and  automatically  deduce  that  cost  from  the  customers  mobile  payment  app.  creating  an  automated  checkout  system  using  iot  devices  would  make  your  customers  happier  and  more  willing  to  enter  your  store,  especially  if  they  are  on  a  time  crunch.  it  can  also  save  you  a  ton  of  money  mckinsey  estimates  automated  checkout  can  reduce  cashier  staff  requirements  by  up  to  75,  resulting  in  savings  of  .  image  courtesy  of  if  you  have  frequently  returning  customers,  i  bet  youd  like
__label__interactivedisplays to  reward  them  for  their  loyalty.  with  iot,  you  can  set  up  sensors  around  the  store  that  send  loyalty  discounts  to  certain  customers  when  they  stand  near  products  with  their  smartphones,  if  those  customers  sign  up  for  a  loyalty  program  in  advance.  additionally,  you  can  use  iot  to  track  items  a  customer  has  been  looking  at  online,  and  send  that  customer  a  personalized  discount  when  shes  instore.  imagine  if  your  customer  perused  your  purses  online,  and  then,  instore,  received  a  discount  on  her  favorite  purse?  rather  than  offering  general  discounts  on  a  wide  variety  of  products,  you  can  tailor  each
__label__interactivedisplays discount  using  iot  to  maximize  your  conversion  rates.  ultimately,  finding  ways  to  incorporate  iot  devices  into  your  daytoday  business  requires  creativity  and  foresight,  but  the  benefits  of  iot  in  retail  as  outlined  above  can  help  your  business  discover  innovative  solutions  to  attract  more  valuable  and  loyal  longterm  customers.  beacons,  first  ,  are  small  bluetooth  devices  that  send  alerts  to  smartphones  based  on  location  proximity.  in  the  retail  industry,  this  means  customers  can  receive  discounts,  special  events,  or  other  reminders  when  theyre  near  a  shop  and  have  previously  downloaded  the  stores  app.  macys  has  been  using  .  after  opening  the  macys
__label__interactivedisplays app  instore,  shoppers  are  alerted  to  promotions  and  discounts.  the  app  also  recognizes  which  area  of  the  store  youre  in  so  if  youve  entered  the  makeup  section,  the  app  will  remind  you  of  the  makeup  brands  you  liked  online.  along  with  helping  customers  instore,  beacons  also  send  alerts  to  passersby.  this  can  be  used  to  effectively  advertise  promotions  or  instore  events.  swirl  networks  inc.  found  over  say  beacontriggered  content  and  offers  increased  their  likelihood  to  purchase  instore.  besides  macys,  stores  including  urban  outfitters,  cvs,  lord  taylor,  and  timberland  already  use  beacon  technology.  image  courtesy  of  a  lot  of  your  employees
__label__interactivedisplays time  and  energy  is  focused  on  keeping  track  of  items  to  ensure  theyre  never  outofstock,  and  checking  that  items  arent  misplaced  on  various  shelves.  you  can  use  to  automate  both  of  those  tasks,  while  simultaneously  detecting  potential  theft.  smart  shelves  are  fitted  with  weight  sensors  and  use  and  readers  to  scan  the  products  on  both  display  and  stock  shelves.  smart  shelves  inform  you  when  items  are  running  low  or  when  items  are  incorrectly  placed  on  a  shelf,  which  makes  your  inventory  process  costeffective  and  more  precise.  additionally,  each  rfid  tag  is  connected  to  a  reader,  so  smart  shelves  are  able
__label__interactivedisplays to  detect  instore  theft  saving  you  money  on  security  personnel  and  cameras.  image  courtesy  of  you  might  be  surprised  to  find  your  retail  space  isnt  optimized  for  your  customers  behavior  maybe  your  least  popular  products  are  in  the  front,  or  your  customers  would  prefer  more  space  around  the  couches  in  the  back.  by  employing  aisleanalytics  software  with  infrared  sensors,  you  can  use  iot  technology  to  improve  your  retail  layout.  perhaps  you  find  most  of  your  customers  spend  the  majority  of  their  time  checking  out  your  tvs  but  those  tvs  are  placed  in  the  back  of  the  store,  behind  rarelytouched  dvd
__label__interactivedisplays players.  this  information  arms  you  with  important  customer  behavior  knowledge,  so  you  can  place  items  they  care  about  most,  like  tvs,  in  the  front  of  your  store.  while  its  a  little  frightening  to  trust  a  robot  to  be  your  customer  service  representative,  its  also  a  fantastic  opportunity  to  cut  down  on  menial  tasks  burdening  your  workforce.  oshbot,  ,  helps  customers  find  specific  products  and  provides  information  on  promotions  and  inventory  plus,  hes  shes?  bilingual  and  can  answer  both  english  and  spanish  questions.  other  retail  stores,  ,  use  robots  to  roam  the  store  and  take  note  of  misplaced  items,  or  products
__label__interactivedisplays running  out  of  stock.  by  taking  over  simple  inventory  tasks,  targets  robot  frees  up  targets  human  employees  to  focus  on  providing  topnotch  customer  assistance.  image  courtesy  of  while  retail  stores  can  already  track  products  without  the  help  of  iot,  that  tracking  information  is  pretty  limited.  with  rfid  and  gps  sensors,  you  can  use  iot  to  obtain  more  precise  data,  like  the  temperature  at  which  an  item  is  being  stored,  or  how  long  it  spent  in  transit.  you  can  use  that  data  to  improve  the  quality  of  transportation  moving  forward  and,  better  yet,  you  can  also  act  in  realtime  if  a
__label__interactivedisplays product  is  being  kept  at  temperatures  too  low  or  too  high,  avoiding  a  substantial  loss.  according  to  a  tata  consultancy  survey  and  ,  manufacturers  utilizing  iot  solutions  in  2014  saw  an  average  28.5  increase  in  revenues  between  2013  and  2014.  if  youve  got  a  long  line  of  suppliers,  truck  drivers,  and  vendors  handling  your  products,  its  imperative  for  you  to  accurately  keep  track  of  how  your  product  is  handled  and  where  its  located  in  the  supply  chain.  this  information  helps  you  ensure  your  process  is  running  as  efficiently  as  possible,  and  can  helpyou  get  your  product  into  your  customers  hands
__label__interactivedisplays heres  a  big  number:  94  billion.  thats  how  much  the  internet  of  thingsenabled  retail  market  could  be  worth  as  more  and  more  retailrelated  businesses  adopt  iot  technology  to  improve  a  variety  of  products  and  services  from  warehousing  and  equipment  maintenance  to  supply  chain  management  and,  of  course,shopping  itself.  with  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things,  customers  will  enjoy  an  increasingly  connected  or  smart  shopping  experience  through  a  network  of  connections  linking  the  physical  and  digital  worlds  into  an  ecosystem  of  devices,  including  vehicles,  stores  and  software,  walmart  ceo  doug  mcmillon  .  the  internet  of  things,  drones,  delivery  robots,  3dprinting
__label__interactivedisplays and  selfdriving  cars  will  allow  retailers  to  further  automate  and  optimize  supply  chains  too.  both  sides  of  the  equation  demand  and  supply  will  change  dramatically.  these  retail  and  retail  adjacent  sectors  are  being  transformed  by  the  ongoing  and  .  by  improving  the  customer  experience  through  digital  connectivity  and  data  collection,  smart  stores  help  retailers  retain  business  and  increase  revenues.  theoretically,  anyway.  from  helpful  robots  that  roam  the  aisles  monitoring  inventory  to  pointofsale  systems  that  let  customers  buy  items  on  the  spot  instead  of  standing  in  a  checkout  line,  the  shopping  experience  is  being  transformed.  aliso  viejo,  california  awms  is  outfitted
__label__interactivedisplays with  edge  displays  and  highdef  optical  sensors  to  display  product  pricing  and  information  that  transmit  data  about  inventory  levels.  it  can  also  recognize  a  consumers  age,  gender  and  ethnicity  for  the  purposes  of  delivering  more  specific  display  content.  retail  clients  include  walmart,  hershey  and  frito  lay.  denver,  colorado  counting  system  and  retail  analytics  technology  helps  retailers  determine  optimal  staffing  levels  for  different  dates  and  times,  improve  marketing  strategies,  gauge  traffic  flow,  enhance  customer  service  and  more.  clients  include  room  board,  helly  hansen  and  madame  tussauds  hollywood.  davis,  california  s  competitive  intelligence  platform  helps  retailers  determine  a  pricing  strategy  by  providing
__label__interactivedisplays competitive  price  data  and  product  linking  capabilities  as  well  as  machinelearningbased  analytics,  all  on  one  dashboard.  engage3  was  recently  included  on  the  inc.  5000  list  of  fastestgrowing  private  companies  in  the  u.s.  personalized  deals,  assistance  finding  products  and  easy  checkout  are  just  some  of  the  ways  retailers  are  staying  connected  with  customers  using  iot  technology.  these  companies  help  make  it  happen.  brooklyn,  new  york  makes  a  smart  selfcheckout  cart  powered  by  amazongos  ai,  sensor  and  image  recognition  technology.  customers  simply  pick  items  from  shelves,  scan  the  items  barcode,  drop  it  in  the  cart,  and  pay  directly  on  the  cart  when
__label__interactivedisplays shopping  is  done.  no  app  necessary,  no  cash  changes  hands,  no  waiting  in  line.  according  to  the  latest  news,  capers  product  has  yet  to  hit  the  consumer  marketplace.  san  francisco,  california  aidriven  platform  helps  retailers  get  the  right  messages  to  the  right  customers  at  the  right  times  via  mobile.  the  companys  simple  interface  includes  outofthebox  personalized  messaging,  order  and  payment,  loyalty  and  analytics  with  low  total  cost  of  ownership.  plexure  recently  saw  its  first  net  profit  1.1  million  thanks  to  a  51  revenue  increase  for  the  six  months  ended  sept.  30.  new  york,  new  york  makes  several  different  iotenabled  beacons
__label__interactivedisplays that  can  track  movements  of  assets,  employees,  visitors,  monitor  environmental  factors  temperature,  humidity,  light  and  be  stuck  to  stationary  objects  like  shelves  and  ceilings  to  improve  customer  engagement  and  locationbased  content.  the  company  recently  released  three  new  bluetooth  products  that  will  allow  customers  to  onboard  thirdparty  bluetooth  devices  for  realtime  location  tracking,  condition  monitoring  and  safety  and  security  solutions.  more  easily  locating  items,  reducing  damage  and  increasing  efficiency  and  productivity  are  just  some  of  the  ways  retail  warehouses  are  getting  smarter  through  the  use  of  iot  technology.  these  companies  help  make  it  happen.  seattle,  washington  through  its  cloudbased  platform,  provides
__label__interactivedisplays flexible  ondemand  warehousing  by  connecting  companies  and  organizations  that  need  space  with  those  that  have  a  surplus  of  space.  the  companys  north  american  marketplace  includes  more  than  1,000  warehouses  in  more  than  45  markets.  flexe  ceo  karl  siebrecht  recently  said  his  company  is  using  part  of  a  14.5  million  raise  from  2016  to  hire  more  software  engineering  and  logistics  professionals  who  can  further  improve  the  companys  software.  wilmingham,  massachusetts  makes  autonomous  mobile  robots  that  optimize  warehouse  operations  by  reducing  labor  costs  and  improving  order  fulfillment  speed  and  accuracy,  all  without  disruption  to  ongoing  warehouse  operations.  locus  robots  are  used  by
__label__interactivedisplays the  worldwide  shipping  company  dhl  in  some  of  the  companys  more  modern  facilities.  boston,massachusetts  provides  software,  products  and  system  integration  through  its  cloudbased  intelligence  platform  siteworx  that  enables  connected  led  lighting  and  iot  sensors.  it  claims  to  provide  lighting  for  a  tenth  the  cost  as  well  as  a  reduced  carbon  footprint.  in  order  to  meet  company  sustainability  initiatives  and  comply  with  californias  building  energy  code,  gelsons  supermarket  chain  recently  chose  an  intelligent  lighting  system  from  digital  lumans  for  its  massive  distribution  center  in  santa  fe  springs,  calif.  as  forbes  contributor  daniel  newman  recently  put  it,  the  iot  is  set  to
__label__interactivedisplays revolutionize  the  supply  chain  with  both  and  with  its  extreme  transparency.  every  step  along  the  way,  from  production  to  transportation  to  storage  to  retail  stocking  is  trackable  and  monitorable.  these  companies  are  helping  to  guide  the  way.  lincolnshire,  illinois  rugged  tracking  technology  employs  iot  to  providerealtime  visibility  of  products  and  people,  whether  in  the  warehouse  or  in  transit.  services  include  customer  fulfillment  and  experience  as  well  as  instore  operations  like  couponing,  pointofsale  and  inventory  management.  through  itsiotconnected  savanna  data  intelligence  platform,  the  company  offers  an  array  of  business  solutions  including  something  called  smartlens,which  automatically  senses  and  records  location  and  movement
__label__interactivedisplays data  for  almost  every  item  in  a  store,  then  offers  actionable  intelligence  based  on  that  data.  german  supermarket  chainfeneberg  lebensmittel  gmbhupgraded  its  checkout  systems  with  zebra  technologies.  cambridge,massachusetts  through  its  proprietary  sensor  and  software,  helps  users  keep  realtime  tabs  on  the  condition  of  their  shipped  goods,  notifying  them  about  shock,  vibration,  tilt  and  other  factors  that  might  detrimentally  affect  those  goods.  doing  so  allows  retailers  to  expedite  a  replacement  shipment  and  give  customers  a  headsup.  tive  users  are  also  able  to  tell  when  and  where  the  damage  occurred  so  future  routes  can  be  adjusted  if  necessary.  tive  recently  upgraded  its
__label__interactivedisplays multisensor  tracker,  which  now  has  a  much  longer  battery  life  and  more  accurate  wifipowered  location  tracking.  minneapolis,  minnesota  software  gets  inventory  and  information  from  supplier  to  shelf  more  quickly  and  efficiently  for  thousands  of  customers  around  the  world.  the  company  provides  solutions  that  include  warehouse  management  systems,  transportation  management  systems,  route  accounting  systems  and  much  more.  the  company  recently  rolled  out  its  highjump  warehouse  management  system  that  will  use  iotculled  data  to  improve  warehouse  operations.  knowing  when  a  piece  of  equipment  might  break  down,  or  when  it  actually  does  break  down,  is  invaluable  when  it  comes  to  stocking,  shipping,  storage
__label__interactivedisplays and  more.  these  companies  provide  products  and  services  that  keep  equipment  in  working  condition  and  retailrelated  operations  chugging  along.  redwood  city,  california  machinery  supplier  uses  iotenabled  ai  and  machine  learning  to  identify  failures  proactively  by  employing  dynamic  algorithms  that  analyze  sensor  data,  scada  data,  asset  management  systems  even  technician  notes  and  weather  to  predict  failure  well  in  advance  and  learn  from  that  failure  to  finetune  its  future  predictions.  the  company  recently  updated  its  platform  with  a  host  of  new  features  as  well  as  improvements  to  applications  used  for  inventory  optimization,  predictive  maintenance  and  more.  chicago,  illinois  technology  helps  bring  nondigital
__label__interactivedisplays things  into  the  digital  age.  in  the  retail  sector,  it  works  with  consumer  goods,  department  stores,  discount  stores  and  grocers  to  enhance  customer  service,  maximize  profits,  optimize  merchandising,  tweak  pricing  and  much  more.  cognizant  recently  installed  iotenabled  sensors  to  cull  and  transmit  data  from  a  retailers  refrigeration  equipment  controllers.  the  platform  logged,  monitored  and  predicted  alarms  and  failures.  rome,  italy  provides  iot  modules,  platforms,  connectivity  and  services  for  multiple  sectors,  including  retail,  that  give  users  realtime  insight  into  buyer  behavior  and  inventory.  the  companys  iot  retail  applications  include  vending  machines  and  kiosks,  digital  signage  and  monitoring  systems  for  food  and
__label__interactivedisplays beverage  companies.  the  company  recently  announced  the  launch  of  mini  iot  modules  for  use  with  wearable  medical  devices,  fitness  trackers,  industrial  sensors,  smart  metering  and  other  applications.  images  via  social  media,  shutterstock  and  screenshots  of  company  web  pages.  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__interactivedisplays please  take  a  look  at  our  portfolio  to  choose  the  right  product  or  solution  for  your  business.  for  further  information  about  smartracs  partner  program,  please  contact  our  sales  customer  service  team.  get  more  information  about  smartracs  products  and  solutions  offering  and  contact  our  global  sales  customer  service  teams.  to  offer  our  customers  the  vast  potential  of  rfid  products  and  the  internet  of  things  solutions,  we  partner  with  the  worlds  leading  distributors  and  market  players.  rfid  iot  change  everything.  and  this  is  where  we  talk  about  it.  grab  a  coffee  and  dig  into  the  latest  trends  and  innovations  from  the  industry
__label__interactivedisplays and  get  firsthand  information  about  smartrac.  product  digitization  is  changing  the  way  brands  interact  with  customers,  understand  their  businesses  and  deliver  value  to  their  markets.  read  all  about  what  happens  when  you  build  the  internet  of  your  things.  just  starting  your  rfid  iot  journey?  in  this  section  you  will  find  customer  case  studies  highlighting  customer  and  partner  success  with  smartrac  products  and  solutions.  need  more  information  about  smartrac?  dont  hesitate  to  contact  our  media  department  forall  important  company  topics,  relevant  for  the  business  press.  working  for  smartrac  means  working  in  a  dynamic,  international  and  motivated  atmosphere.  start  your  career  at
__label__interactivedisplays smartrac  today.  for  further  information  about  smartracsrfid  inlays  tags  and  iot  solutions,  please  contact  our  sales  customer  service  team.  a  famous  clothing  brand  and  retailer  with  a  chain  of  outlet  stores  and  an  ecommerce  site  was  all  too  familiar  with  two  core  challenges.  in  retail  stores  with  manual  inventory  counts,  the  level  of  accuracy  could  be  as  low  as  6070  percent.  that  inevitably  leads  to  missed  sales  and  disappointed  shoppers  due  to  outofstock  situations  in  stores  as  well  as  online.  on  top  of  that,  the  conversion  of  onshelf  apparel  to  the  point  of  sale  wasnt  very  transparent.  they  knew  what
__label__interactivedisplays customers  would  buy,  of  course,  but  typically  didnt  have  much  visibility  into  how  often  items  were  considered  or  tried  on  in  a  fitting  room  before  being  bought.  with  the  help  of  smartrac  and  its  rfid  solutionbuilding  expertise,  that  famous  apparel  maker  addressed  those  challenges.  in  midjanuary,  a  live  demonstration  of  the  proof  of  concept  was  presented  to  the  public  at  retails  big  show  in  new  york:  the  innovative  instore  analytics  solution  metrics,  which  leverages  the  internet  of  things  on  retail  premises.  based  on  the  iot  platform  smart  cosmos,  rain  rfid  tags  and  networkconnected  rfid  sensors,  metrics  empowers  retailers  and  brand
__label__interactivedisplays owners  with  endtoend  supplychain  visibility  and  realtime  analytics.  these  analytics  provide  comprehensive  reports  to  optimize  store  and  shelf  availability  of  merchandise,  increasing  customer  satisfaction.  in  the  long  run,  the  deployment  of  metrics  in  stores  can  lead  to  significant  sales  lifts,  labor  savings  and  strong  improvements  in  gross  margin.  the  metrics  solution  utilizes  realtime  location  data  provided  by  smartracs  rain  rfid  inlays  embedded  in  price  tags,  gathered  via  networkconnected  location  sensors,  to  increase  sales  and  thus  improve  gross  margin  in  three  different  ways.  first  of  all,  stockouts  are  drastically  reduced.  second,  by  triggering  automated  replenishment  actions,  the  effectiveness  of  the  sales
__label__interactivedisplays force  is  enhanced,  freeing  up  more  time  for  serving  customers.  last  but  not  least,  sales  at  regular  prices  are  increased  by  the  optimization  of  instore  placement  through  consideration  and  conversion  analytics.  significantly,  metrics  also  provides  store  operators  with  insight  into  instore  product  consideration  and  conversion,  empowering  merchandizers  to  optimize  product  placement,  and  giving  them  unprecedented  visibility  into  shopper  engagement.  by  clearly  understanding  consideration  versus  conversion  at  the  item  level,  smarter  decisions  can  be  made.  in  addition,  the  handsfree  system  gives  100  inventory  visibility,  helping  to  increase  sales  and  decrease  shrinkage,  while  fashion  designers  get  faster  and  more  precise  feedback  on
__label__interactivedisplays the  performance  of  their  designs  and  patterns.  by  utilizing  metrics,  retailers  and  brand  owners  can  now  maintain  the  highest  level  of  inventory  visibility  needed  to  meet  shoppers  demands,  lift  their  sales  and  improve  their  gross  margin  at  the  same  time.  those  benefits  can  only  be  achieved  by  analyzing  realtime  item  location  and  data,  and  then  displaying  the  results  in  tailored  views  that  meet  the  needs  of  different  departments  and  roles  across  a  retailers  organization,  says  leonard  nelson,  director  business  development  retail  intelligent  things  business  division,  smartrac  technology  group  .  for  further  information  about  metrics  and  what  it  has  done  for
__label__interactivedisplays iot,  or,  the  internet  of  things  has  been  the  hottest  tech  buzzword  with  great  things  expected  of  it  in  2019  and  beyond.  in  this  article,  we  talk  about  its  impact  on  all  things  retail.  the  phrase  iot,  in  a  nutshell,  represents  all  of  the  smart  technologies  of  today  and  their  connected  devices.  iot  includes  hardware,  software,  systems  integration,  data  and  telecom  services.  the  potential  of  iot  is  in  how  these  interconnected  devices  and  technologies  interact  with  each  other,  and  with  human  beings,  to  tackle  a  variety  of  modernday  problems  and  create  innovative  solutions.  with  manufacturing  costs  of  smart  devices  going
__label__interactivedisplays down,  we  are  very  close  to  using  iot  within  all  sectors  including  retail.  in  fact,  iot  is  already  in  our  homes  from  voice  assistants  like  alexa  to  smart  lighting  and  automated  security  systems,  everything  can  be  connected.  a  few  years  ago,  mark  zuckerberg  said  that  hed  be  taking  time  out  to  focus  on  building  devices  that  can  talk  to  each  other.  just  a  few  years  later,  that  vision  has  already  come  true.  today,  we  can  easily  task  alexa  with  completing  our  shopping  simply  by  reading  out  the  shopping  list.  it  is  also  worth  mentioning  that  alexa  stores  all  conversations,  so
__label__interactivedisplays the  day  is  not  far  when  you  can  even  set  up  repetitive  tasks.  if  you  think  smart  lighting  isnt  for  you,  think  about  what  it  might  mean  to  a  retail  store.  when  there  are  fewer  customers,  you  can  automatically  dim  the  lights.  when  more  people  enter,  you  can  adjust  the  cooling  system.  the  best  part?  you  can  do  all  of  this  without  actually  being  involved  in  the  task.  once  it  fully  embraces  iot,  the  new  wave  in  retail  revolutions  will  likely  begin.  according  to  a  research  report  by  global  market  insights,  inc.,  iot  retail  will  reach  past  a  cool  30
__label__interactivedisplays billion  by  2024.  from  manufacturing  to  field  service  monitoring  to  supply  chain  and  inventory  management,  every  area  of  retail  is  set  to  benefit  from  the  iot  touch.  the  biggest  sphere  of  influence  of  iot  in  retail  is  in  improving  customer  experience,  both  online  and  in  brickandmortar  settings.  early  adopters  of  iot  services  in  retail  claim  iot  has  provided  them  with  richer,  deeper  insights  into  customer  preferences.  iots  biggest  gift  to  us  is  customercentric  data,  the  likes  of  which  we  could  obtain  from  interactions  with  home  assistants  like  alexa.  iot  in  retail  helps  multiply  the  number  of  ways  in  which  retailers
__label__interactivedisplays can  reach  both  existing  and  new  customers.  suchtargeted  outreach  can  build  customer  loyalty  and  help  with  retention.  iot  retail  has  helped  traditional  stores,  as  well  as  omnichannel  retailers,  modernize  and  upgrade  their  operations,  even  streamlining  inventory  management.  innovations  like  smart  shelves  take  automated  inventory  management  one  step  further.  store  managers  can  get  realtime  notifications  and  updates  on  sales  and  stock  levels,  plus  alerts  when  an  sku  falls  below  the  reorder  level.  besides  saving  money  by  preventing  both  overstocking  and  shortage,  smart  shelves  eliminate  manual  errors.  smart  shelf  systems  are  based  on  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  technology.  they  contain  three  elements:  the
__label__interactivedisplays rfid  tags  transmit  data  to  the  reader  via  radio  waves.  the  data  is  sent  to  an  iot  platform  for  storage  and  analysis.  rfid  tags  are  similar  to  barcodes  in  the  sense  that  a  device  can  read  and  store  digital  data  from  a  tag  or  a  label.  but  there  are  more  significant  advantages  to  rfid  systems.  most  notably,  rfid  tag  data  can  be  read  outside  the  line  of  sight,  unlike  traditional  barcodes  which  must  be  lined  up  with  an  optical  scanner.  read  our  comparison  between  rfid  and  barcode  systems  image  source:  the  checkout  cashier  may  just  be  a  machine  next.  with
__label__interactivedisplays apps  and  device  cameras  replacing  human  cashiers  at  the  pointofsale  pos,  checkout  lanes  may  be  a  thing  of  the  past.  stores  can  achieve  more  with  fewer  systems.  we  also  predict  that  mobile  pos  terminals  will  become  more  common.  ai  systems  such  as  shoplift  use  computer  vision  systems  to  detect  possible  thefts  or  suspicious  behavior.  you  can  install  these  in  all  stores  for  better  stock  visibility.  systems  can  flag  notforsale  items  like  reusable  shopping  bags  or  unscanned  merchandise  if  customers  carry  them  past  a  checkpoint.  the  system  also  alerts  store  staff  so  they  can  do  the  needful.  you  might  have  been
__label__interactivedisplays beaconed  and  not  known  it  beacons  are  small  bluetooth  devices  that  send  discount  vouchers  or  event  invites  to  smartphones  that  are  within  the  coverage  area.  beacons  can  be  attached  to  walls,  counters,  etc.  in  the  vicinity  of  the  store.  getting  such  alerts  while  in  the  proximity  of  a  store  can  tempt  a  potential  customer  to  enter  the  store  and  cash  in  on  the  offer.  stores  can  also  beam  out  onthespot  contests  or  lucky  numbers  to  customers  already  in  the  store.  digital  signage:  digitaloutofhome  applications  dooh,  intuitive  device  touch  screens,  and  instore  digital  displays  help  retailers  uplevel  customer  engagement.  in  conjunction
__label__interactivedisplays with  beacons  or  other  smart  devices,  captured  data  can  help  retailers  design  offers,  product  groupings  and  targeted  promotions  in  realtime.  the  internet  of  things  takes  digital  signage  beyond  display  boards.  there  is  scope  to  collate  data  on  buying  behavior  and  patterns.  touchscreens  in  fitting  rooms  can  suggest  accessories,  alternate  patterns  or  sizes,  or  summon  an  assistant.  stores  can  collect  data  on  shoppers  trials  and  final  choices  for  purchase.  taking  it  even  more  into  scifi  territory  are  builtin  facial  recognition  systems  that  recognize  you  as  you  pass  by.  these  systems  can  change  the  digital  display  to  what  might  interest  you  image
__label__interactivedisplays source:  nothing  impresses  us  like  nextlevel  technology.  imagine  a  robot  assistant  to  help  you  with  routine  errands.  some  avantgarde  businesses  are  using  robots  for  inventory  and  restocking  shelves.  companies  are  also  developing  service  robots  who  can  help  customers  find  the  right  products.  some  restaurants  in  china  are  piloting  robot  waiters.  moreover,  there  are  plenty  of  wacky  and  weird  applications  in  iot  retail.  think  bedbug  catchers  or  diapermonitoring  systems,  all  of  which  might  just  go  very  far  in  providing  a  great  experience.  not  only  does  iot  open  up  new  opportunities  for  retailers,  but  it  also  could  become  a  soughtafter  product  that
__label__interactivedisplays customers  will  want  to  buy.  name  required  email  required  country  required  company  contact  number  required  armed  with  a  degree  and  a  pen,  loves  to  tell  stories.  when  not  telling  stories,  she  also  works.  hard  to  decide  which  one  she  likes  more.  copyright  2017
__label__interactivedisplays installed  within  pos  unit  and  infers  foot  traffic  no  need  to  connect  to  wifi  distance  to  device,  dwell  time  and  records  unique  address  for  each  device  retailers  across  south  africa  and  botswana  due  to  upsell  gamification  through  operational  efficiencies  gained  with  the  use  of  cash  control  ai  quickly  serve  customers  by  just  tapping  to  add  or  remove  items  from  their  order  update  your  menu  and  product  catalogue  with  the  latest  pricing  and  promotions  remotely,  across  multiple  sites  cash  control  ai  keeps  a  close  track  of  your  stores  cash  flow  and  be  alerts  you  of  any  deviation  in  cash  up  amounts
__label__interactivedisplays instantly  always  know  whats  on  your  racks  and  in  your  storerooms  with  multilevel  stock  management  continue  to  use  all  pos  functionality  without  an  internet  connection  track  how  many  customers  visit  your  store  daily  using  foot  traffic  analytics  track  daily  loyalty  trends  and  gain  insights  into  your  customer  visit  behaviour  using  customer  loyalty  analytics  send  tailored  smss  to  potential  customers  when  they  are  passing  by  your  store  upsell  gamification  function  provides  sales  team  with  real  time  incentives  to  add  upsell  items  to  existing  basket  receive  notifications  on  when  and  which  items  to  produce  based  on  foot  traffic,  sales  and  stock  levels
__label__interactivedisplays enables  you  to  evaluate  sales  relative  to  foot  traffic  with  advanced  metrics  around  return  frequency  and  store  dwell  time  create  urgency  and  excitement  in  store  with  advertising  boards  that  automatically  launches  promotions  based  on  stock  level  and  foot  traffic  triggers  identifies  promotions  and  pricing  to  deliver  optimal  conversion  rates  system  automatically  suggest  items  to  add  to  basket  based  on  prior  purchasing  behaviour  choose  your  pricing  configuration  identify  poor  performing  stores,  sales  ambassadors  or  trading  times  and  implement  actions  to  improve  these  detect  possible  scams  across  your  store  chain  with  instant  notifications  of  unusual  trading  patterns  get  instant  alerts  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays pos  not  being  utilised,  problems  with  the  hardware  or  a  dip  in  the  network  connectivity  manage  your  operations  team,  know  who  is  actioning  their  notifications,  see  average  time  to  respond  and  their  resolution  our  reporting  engine  built  using  the  elastic  elk  stack  brings  the  worlds  leading  analytics  solution  to  your  retail  environment  solving  the  worlds  toughest  problems  using  technology  whether  youre  looking  for  compute  power,  database  storage,  content  delivery,  or  other  functionality,  aws  has  the  services  to  help  you  build  sophisticated  applications  with  increased  flexibility,  scalability  and  reliability  5  albury  road  johannesburg  2196  south  africa  infomarc1.io  copyright  2019  marc1  all
__label__interactivedisplays enhance  employee  productivity  and  increase  operational  efficiency  through  highly  secure  process  digitization.  activate  smart  store  capabilities  help  create  more  effective  inventory  management  and  lower  maintenance  costs  through  instore  iot  solutions.  untether  your  employees  with  mobile  pos,  employees  can  engage  with  the  customers  on  the  sales  floor,  helping  increase  sales  transactions,  size  of  basket,  and  repeat  visits.  address  the  threat  of  data  breach  help  protect  customer  data,  prevent  pos  intrusions,  and  detect  and  mitigate  threats  in  the  network.  we  are  committed  to  protecting  your  .  thank  you  for  contacting  us  about  employee.  an  att  representative  will  contact  you  shortly  to  provide
__label__interactivedisplays any  additional  information  and  answer  any  questions.  your  feedback  will  help  us  to  improve  att  business  so  you  continue  to  have  a  great  experience  when  visiting  us  att  intellectual  property.  all  rights  reserved.  att,  the  att  logo  and  all  other  att  marks  contained  herein  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property  and/or  att  affiliated  companies.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  this  site  uses  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies.  these  help  the  site  function  better.  they  also  help  us  improve  it.  this  data  gives  us  feedback  on  how  you  use  our  products  and  services,  helps  us  develop
__label__interactivedisplays promotional  and  marketing  material  more  relevant  to  you,  and  allows  us  to  connect  you  with  apt  content  from  third  parties.  read  more  about  cookies  and  how  to  manage  your  settings  for  information  specifically  applicable  to  users  in  the  european  economic  area,  please  .  please  provide  the  following  information  to  access  your  document:  to  access  your  content,  please  check  your  browser  settings  to  make  sure  popup  windows  are  allowed.
__label__interactivedisplays shutterstock  industry  pundits  have  been  talking  about  the  internet  of  things,  well,  since  the  internet.  but  its  taken  us  almost  20  years  since  that  time  to  get  to  where  we  can  start  talking  about  real  solutions  and  real  value.  part  of  the  challenge  has  been  on  the  technology  side,  just  figuring  out  mobile  and  internetconnected  devices  and  big  data.  and  part  of  it  has  been  maturing  to  the  point  that  there  are  enough  iot  devices  out  there  to  where  people  can  start  experimenting  at  a  scale  that  shows  what  the  technology  is  truly  capable  of.  retail  is  not  immune  to
__label__interactivedisplays those  evolutions.  from  in  2003,  to  early  talk  of  instore  refrigeration  units  alerting  stores  for  proactive  maintenance  or  temperature  sensors  mixed  in  with  the  strawberries,  there  have  been  use  cases  for  iot  proposed  that  apply  to  retail.  and  yet,  nearly  15  years  since  walmarts  mandate,  here  we  are,  with  little  progress  made.  so  whats  changed  that  we  can  talk  about  iot  in  retail  now,  and  assert  that  its  more  than  just  a  pipe  dream?  first,  retailers  focus  has  changed  significantly  over  the  last  15  years.  where  early  iot  use  cases  focused  on  supply  chain  and  operational  efficiencies,  retailers  now  appear
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  focused  on  omnichannel  and  customer  experience.  dont  get  me  wrong,  they  still  want  inventory  visibility  and  accuracy,  and  they  still  want  to  make  the  store  an  effective  place  for  consumers  to  shop,  but  they  also  want  iot  to  deliver  on  ways  to  interact  digitally  with  consumers  in  stores,  and  they  want  those  other  things  so  they  can  better  connect  the  store  to  the  online  experience  by  offering  store  inventory  to  online  shoppers,  for  example.  in  other  words,  they  want  iot  today  not  for  operational  efficiencies,  but  for  enabling  customer  service.  but  even  as  retailers  say  theyre  extremely  bullish
__label__interactivedisplays on  iot  opportunities  to  help  them  achieve  these  objectives,  they  also  report  they  arent  making  a  lot  of  progress  in  implementing  iot.  the  primary  reason  is  because  of  it:  too  much  uncertainty  about  how  this  is  all  going  to  be  architected  for  retailers  to  make  big  money  investments  in  the  technology,  and  too  little  infrastructure  currently  in  place  to  support  the  volumes  of  data  that  iot  generates.  these  problems  existed  15  years  ago  too,  and  while  it  doesnt  surprise  me  that  retailers  have  not  yet  invested  in  overcoming  these  challenges,  things  are  changing  here  as  well.  fifteen  years  ago,  retailers
__label__interactivedisplays had  to  piece  together  their  own  solutions  with  a  mix  of  technologies  provided  by  relatively  large,  stable  tech  companies  alongside  startup  solutions  that  were  experimental  at  best,  if  barely  more  than  some  algorithms  sketched  out  in  a  grad  students  thesis  paper.  cloud  computing,  edge  processing  networks,  big  data  analytics,  and  even  artificial  intelligence  have  all  added  new  dimensions  to  iot  that  make  the  dream  that  much  closer  to  reality  today  than  the  solutions  available  15  years  ago.  and  several  of  the  largest  providers,  like  intel,  ibm,  sap,  microsoft,  sas,  and  software  ag  have  put  together  partnerships  and  platforms  that  make
__label__interactivedisplays investing  in  an  actual  iot  solution  much  more  realistic  today.  however,  even  with  all  that  going  for  retail,  there  is  still  the  problem  of  educating  executive  teams  on  whats  possible.  many  of  the  retailers  who  also  said  theyre  just  now  exploring  what  iot  can  do  for  their  businesses.  and  its  clear  there  is  still  a  lot  of  confusion  about  what  iot  really  means  in  our  survey,  86  of  respondents  identified  consumers  smartphones  as  iot  vs.  only  43  who  thought  beacons  should  be  classified  as  iot.  that  said,  retailers  perspectives  on  iot  appear  to  be  converging  on  five  main  use  cases
__label__interactivedisplays today.  theyre  still  not  investing  to  make  most  of  these  real,  but  many  more  are  experimenting  with  some  of  these  than  weve  seen  in  the  past,  and  thats  important:  you  cant  learn  if  youre  not  on  the  learning  curve.  in  a  lot  of  ways,  omnichannel  fulfillment  is  an  old  story  and  rfid  story.  and  certainly  there  are  a  lot  of  retailers  either  piloting  rfid  or  rolling  it  out,  not  for  efficiencies  in  the  supply  chain,  but  to  track  on  hand  inventory  in  stores.  and  most  of  the  companies  that  are  busy  here  are  apparel  companies,  where  rfid  seems  to  work
__label__interactivedisplays well  as  a  compatible  technology.  its  no  coincidence  that  these  are  also  companies  that  are  pressing  full  steam  ahead  on  implementing  online  visibility  into  instore  inventory  and  ship  from  store.  they  need  the  most  accurate  view  of  instore  inventory  they  can  get  if  they  want  to  promise  that  inventory  to  orders  coming  from  outside  the  store.  at  the  beginning  of  2016,  beacons  were  going  to  be  ,  and  now  they  seem  to  .  there  are  a  lot  of  reasons  why,  but  i  think  a  big  one  came  from  retailers  misuse  of  beacons.  every  new  technology  that  comes  along,  the  first
__label__interactivedisplays thing  retailers  do  is  try  to  send  promotions  through  it.  consumers,  upon  receiving  unpersonalized  spam  in  yet  some  new  iteration  from  the  retailer,  immediately  try  to  block  it.  and  thus  a  technology  that  could  potentially  be  used  for  so  much  more  and  for  which  delivery  of  promotions  was  probably  the  least  valuable  use  gets  consigned  to  the  dustbin  of  instore  technology,  not  because  it  didnt  work,  but  because  retailers  didnt  use  it  for  what  it  might  have  actually  been  good  for.  that  said,  the  need  to  reach  out  to  consumers,  and  to  do  it  via  the  easiest  channel  to  use
__label__interactivedisplays while  theyre  in  stores  their  phones  has  not  lessoned  any.  in  fact,  its  probably  become  even  more  important  to  reach  consumers  in  stores,  and  to  figure  out  how  to  extend  that  reach  onto  consumers  phones.  iot  as  a  mechanism  for  connecting  the  digital  life  of  the  shopper  to  the  physical  location  or  product  in  the  store  is  going  to  play  some  role  in  that  kind  of  interaction  its  just  too  easy  to  ignore.  whether  were  talking  nfc,  beacons,  qr  codes  or  ar  cues  that  consumers  trigger  with  their  phones,  retailers  will  figure  out  some  way  to  connect  consumer,  store,  and
__label__interactivedisplays phone  all  together.  and  if  retailers  can  control  their  impulse  to  spam  consumers  with  promotions,  they  might  actually  succeed  in  using  iot  to  create  an  engaging  instore  experience.  while  retailers  may  be  focused  on  tracking  customers  in  stores,  there  is  actually  an  interesting  use  case  around  tracking  assets  in  stores.  employees  are  by  far  the  most  important  assets  in  stores,  and  retailers  are  increasingly  exploring  use  cases  that  involve  allowing  customers  to  summon  help  in  a  store  by  pressing  a  button  in  an  app,  rather  than  finding  a  call  station  somewhere  in  the  store.  its  the  kind  of  value  for
__label__interactivedisplays which  consumers  will  gladly  give  up  their  location  in  store,  and  tracking  employees  helps  retailers  understand  utilization  how  much  time  are  employees  really  spending  helping  customers  vs.  doing  operational  tasks  in  the  store?  employees  arent  the  only  assets  shopping  carts  can  often  be  proxies  for  customer  location  in  the  store,  helping  retailers  understand  footpath  tracking  in  a  way  that  does  not  personally  identify  customers.  just  be  careful  what  you  measure,  though  one  shopping  cart  study  way  back  in  the  00s  concluded  that  consumers  didnt  actually  walk  the  center  store  of  a  grocer  because  the  rfidtracked  shopping  carts  all  ended  up
__label__interactivedisplays getting  parked  on  the  ends  of  the  aisles.  but  it  turned  out  the  grocer  just  had  so  many  temporary  displays  in  their  aisles  that  consumers  parked  the  carts  at  the  ends  and  walked  through  without  them.  iot  isnt  the  most  important  enabling  technology  of  personalization,  but  its  an  important  part  of  the  whole  platform.  this  is  the  beacon  story  the  most  personalized  offer  in  the  world  is  useless  if  it  doesnt  make  it  to  the  right  shopper  at  the  right  time  and  in  the  right  context.  mobile  is  increasingly  the  format  of  choice,  for  both  the  shopper  and  the  retailer.
__label__interactivedisplays but  it  doesnt  have  to  be  just  beacons  to  deliver  this.  retailers  are  also  exploring  use  cases  involving  qr  codes  or  nfc,  where  the  consumer  activates  or  triggers  the  offer  not  through  proximity  but  by  active  optin.  and  mobile  apps  are  still  important  here,  because  with  the  right  optins,  push  notifications  triggered  by  location  achieve  all  the  same  ends  without  a  single  beacon  in  sight.  more  and  more  electronics,  home  improvement,  and  general  merchandise  retailers  are  setting  up  smart  home  or  home  automation  sections  in  their  stores  because  businesses  arent  the  only  ones  looking  at  implementing  iot.  retailers  have  opportunities
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  players  in  the  ecosystem  with  sales  support,  service  support,  and  even  by  being  on  the  receiving  end  of  automated  orders  generated  by  iot  sensors  in  consumers  homes.  amazon  is  already  working  hard  to  be  the  order  method  of  choice  for  anything  you  might  ask  alexa  for,  and  the  company  is  opening  up  the  platform  to  developers  who  can  extend  that  to  smart  devices  or  services  they  might  be  creating.  i  dont  think  kroger  will  be  thrilled  to  cede  smart  refrigerator  automated  reordering  to  alexa,  just  because  its  the  default  voice  ordering  capability  there  are  a  lot  of  business
__label__interactivedisplays needs  driving  retailer  interest  in  iot,  and  there  are  several  use  cases  now  that  can  drive  value  if  retailers  can  overcome  their  internal  it  challenges.  vendors  are  stepping  up  with  platforms,  and  retailers  are  enthusiastic  about  the  opportunities,  but  there  is  still  a  long  road  before  iot  in  retail  is  ubiquitous.  i  am  the  vice  president  of  retail  innovation  at  aptos,  a  retail  enterprise  solution  provider.  i  am  charged  with  accelerating  retailers  ability  to  innovate.  i  have  been  ...
__label__interactivedisplays amazon  created  a  flutter  with  its  dash  button  earlier  this  yeara  small  device  with  a  button  thats  linked  with  a  brand,  say  a  particular  detergent.  stick  your  dash  button  anywhere,  and  when  you  see  youre  running  low  on  detergent,  simply  press  the  button  and  the  order  for  your  detergent  supply  will  be  placed.  other  brands  may  not  be  going  the  iot  way  with  devices  as  dramatic  as  the  dash,  but  they  certainly  are  using  this  ability  to  connect  things  to  ensure  convenience  and  comfort  to  customers,  in  other  words,  an  amazing  brand  experience.  in  a  time  when  consumers  are  finding
__label__interactivedisplays their  cellphone  memory  blocked  by  ecommerce  apps,  iot  is  opening  up  more  avenues  for  retail  stores  to  take  on  their  online  rivals.  will  iotaided  shopping  experience  help  brickandmortar  retailers  get  back  lost  ground,  or  will  the  creative  deployment  of  iot  ensure  that  online  ecommerce  players  have  the  last  laugh?  .  the  limit  is  one  owns  imagination.  if  you  have  any  query/feedback,  connect  with  us  at  to  setup  a  conversation  for  more  such  interesting  updates,  join  us  on  linkedin:  this  entry  was  posted  in  ,  by  embitel.  bookmark  the  indian  internet  retail  the  internet  retail  vision  2010  retail  technology  in  2015:
__label__interactivedisplays a  look  back  at  the  trends  in  omnichannel  commerce  ask  our  experts  featured  whitepaper  how  omnichannel  retail  can  fuel  the  growth  of  online  grocery  in  india  an  enterpriseclass  ecommerce  platform  for  b2b  and  b2c  businesses  best  digital  commerce  platform  for  small  and  medium  businesses  gartners  magic  quadrant  a  sap  hybris  based  rapid  deployment  solution  for  cpg,  grocery  and  fb  business.  golive  in  100  days  a  redesigned  magento  implementation  that  reduced  erp  import  time  from  34  days  to  less  than  2  hours.  indias  first  online  marketplace  for  hospital  and  patient  care  equipments.  integrated  with  hdfc,  instamojo,  payumoney  payment  gateways  magento  ecommerce
__label__interactivedisplays website  and  mobile  app  development  for  bahrains  leading  beverage  retailer  our  technology  consultants  are  always  happy  to  help  our  technology  consultants  are  always  happy  to  help  success  enter  your  details  below  and  we  will  contact  you  name  company  name  email  phone  comment
__label__interactivedisplays :  :  :  new  revenue  streams:  in  the  retail  industry,  space  management  is  extremely  important.  it  allows  companies  to  increase  productivity,  reduce  operating  costs  and  increase  financial  performance.  in  stores,  fridges  are  strategically  placed  to  maximize  exposure  and  drive  sales.  but  once  installed,  there  is  no  system  in  place  to  track  their  whereabouts  if  moved.  tracks  the  assets  status  and  location.  in  turn,  manufacturers  can  flag  assets  with  impending  faults  as  well  as  identify  missing  or  misplaced  assets.  dynamic  maps  highlight  the  distribution  of  registered  fridges  as  well  as  the  distribution  of  fridges  sending  events.  drilling  deeper,  users  can  identify
__label__interactivedisplays fridges  that  are  sending  events  from  a  location  that  is  different  from  where  it  is  registered.  the  business  outcome  is  twofold.  operational  efficiency  is  improved  and  the  number  of  lost  or  stolen  assets  is  reduced.  gps  tracking  is  essential,  but  iot  data  allows  for  much  more.  the  next  use  case  leverages  internal  data  to  anticipate  equipment  failure.  in  the  retail  space,  commercial  fridges  typically  follow  a  timebased  maintenance  tbm  schedule.  in  other  words,  maintenance  is  performed  every  now  and  then,  and  is  purely  triggered  by  time.  however,  by  equipping  their  equipment  with  sensors,  companies  can  that  might  affect  power  consumption.
__label__interactivedisplays they  can  also  monitor  temperature  fluctuations  to  ensure  food  safety.  leverages  realtime  and  historical  data  to  predict  when  assets  will  require  maintenance.  this  effectively  allows  manufacturers  to  move  from  timebased  to  .  the  service  dashboard  considers  multiple  factors,  and  sorts  fridges  by  so  companies  can  better  understand  their  install  base.  this  allows  them  to  prevent  unplanned  downtime.  predictive  maintenance  in  retail  allows  companies  to  improve  operational  efficiency,  and  to  reduce  downtime.  the  first  use  case  empowered  manufacturers  with  visibility  over  their  install  base.  the  second  one  allows  them  to  better  understand  the  health  of  their  equipment  and  make  datadriven  decisions
__label__interactivedisplays regarding  maintenance.  the  next  use  case  uses  data  to  .  typically,  beer  and  other  merchandise  are  sold  to  stores  on  a  calendar  basis  or  as  a  reaction  to  a  purchase  order.  however,  it  is  not  based  on  consumption.  but  consumption  is  only  one  element,  and  there  are  multiple  others  that  influence  sales:  holidays,  sports  events,  weather.  by  failing  to  consider  these,  stores  risk  running  out  of  inventory.  considers  multiple  factors  to  improve  demand  forecasting  for  the  next  period.  thus,  the  marketing  dashboard  sorts  stores  by  t.  it  highlights  the  stores  that  will  run  out  of  beer  in  the  next  two
__label__interactivedisplays days.  predictive  replenishment  leads  to  increased  profitability  for  both  the  beer  company  and  the  retail  store,  while  also  .  companies  can  effectively  predict  when  they  will  need  to  replenish  their  shelves.  the  next  iot  use  case  looks  at  ways  to  improve  marketing  and  .  throughout  the  customer  journey,  there  are  many  touch  points  to  influence  the  purchase  decision.  however,  seventy  percent  of  consumers  choose  their  beer  at  time  of  purchase.  point  of  purchase  therefore  remains  a  challenging  conversion  point.  scores  users  based  on  consumption  and  engagement.  the  marketing  dashboard  filters  users  with  engagement  scores  between  0.61.0.  the  brand  can  then
__label__interactivedisplays suggest  personalized  coupons  and  discounts  when  consumers  are  in  front  of  the  fridge.  this  is  highly  beneficial  to  companies.  indeed,  they  can  grow  their  revenue  and  create  new  sales  opportunities.  engagement  and  marketing  insights  are  only  one  way  for  companies  to  increase  their  earnings.  our  next  use  case  looks  at  the  future  possibilities  for  companies  to  generate  new  revenue  streams.  iot  in  the  retail  industry  has  the  potential  to  create  new  revenue  streams.  for  example,  dynamic  pricing  is  now  becoming  a  reality.  also  known  as  surge  pricing,  it  is  a  strategy  in  which  product  prices  continuously  adjust.  lets  look  at
__label__interactivedisplays our  commercial  fridge.  research  demonstrates  that  sales  are  higher  when  a  product  is  placed  on  the  middle  shelf  compared  to  the  top  or  bottom.  however,  it  is  challenging  to  measure  shelf  value  when  relying  strictly  on  sales  data.  companies  also  need  to  consider  location  and  the  fact  that  no  two  stores  are  identical.  dynamic  pricing  models  enable  the  brand  to  charge  for  shelf  space  depending  on  location  and  aisle.  asset  management,  predictive  maintenance,  predictive  replenishment  and  personalized  marketing  are  transforming  the  retail  space  from  product  to  customercentric.  empowers  brands  with  realtime  visibility  over  their  connected  install  base.  get  in  touch
__label__interactivedisplays with  us  today,  and  start  transforming  your  business  tomorrow.  putting  the  internet  of  things  and  machine  learning  in  the  same  sentence  is  like  playing  ai  and  the  iot  have  snowballed  in  attention  over  the  past  little  while  garnering  what  is  5g  and  how  is  it  going  to  change  the  world  we  live  in  8  things  you  need  to  include  in  your  data  science  rsum,  from  one  data  scientist  4110  1751  richardson  st  montreal,  qc,  canada  h3k  1g6
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things,  also  known  as  iot  technology,  is  changing  life  as  we  know  it.  consumers  are  discovering  that  these  tech  advancements  are  making  life  that  much  easier  in  all  sorts  of  ways.  technology  has  disrupted  the  retail  sector  morethan  just  about  any  other  segment  of  the  economy.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  fueling  the  growth  of  smart  retail  solutions,  connecting  customers  with  valuable  information  while  they  shop.  add  in  the  fact  that  consumer  behaviors  have  changedquite  dramatically  in  the  past  decade  and  it  is  easy  to  understand  why  most  retailers  are  reeling.  some  have  wondered  whether  the
__label__interactivedisplays dominance  of  online  shopping  will  prove  to  be  the  final  nail  in  the  coffin  for  traditional  stores.  iot  in  retail  hasnot  yet  reached  a  mainstream  tipping  point,  yet  that  day  is  not  far  away.  iot  just  might  be  what  traditional  brickandmortar  stores  need  to  combat  the  evergrowing  online  businesses  that  win  more  and  more  market  share  with  each  passing  day.specifically,  the  customer  experience  is  being  greatly  improved  with  iot.  it  might  not  be  long  until  the  entire  shopping  experience  is  driven  by  iot.  those  who  own  and  manage  traditional  stores  are  now  learning  that  iot  in  retail  just  might  be
__label__interactivedisplays the  solution  to  their  woes.  according  to  forbes,  to  enhancethe  customer  experience.  a  whopping  90  percent  of  retailers  will  provide  the  option  to  buy  online  and  pick  up  in  the  store  within  the  next  three  years.  adding  to  that,  nearly  75  percent  of  all  retailers  have  determined  that  managing  big  data  isimportant  to  businesscritical  operations.  retailers  of  the  future  will  use  mobile  pointofsale  computers,  so  credit  and  debit  payments  can  be  scanned  and  accepted  in  any  part  of  the  store.  forbes  reports  nearly  90  percent  of  retailers  will  have  such  devices  deployed  by  2021.  more  thantwothirds  of  businesses  also  have
__label__interactivedisplays planned  significant  investments  in  machine  learning  and  cognitive  computing  over  the  next  three  years.  the  challenge  is  maximizing  the  utility  of  these  complex  breakthrough  technologies  to  enhance  the  customersexperience  in  realtime.automation  will  soon  be  used  to  manage  and  track  inventory  with  incredible  efficiency,  as  well  as  offer  a  more  responsive  customer  experience.  it  will  not  be  long  until  sensors  are  on  just  about  every  single  retail  shelf.  retailers  will  soon  beable  to  identify  specific  customers  in  their  store  to  customize  offerings.  forbes  estimates  3  out  of  4  retailers  will  have  such  identification  capabilities  by  2021.  retail  shopping  is  becoming  easier
__label__interactivedisplays with  each  passing  day.  yet,  it  is  not  only  the  fluidity  of  this  experience  that  is  improving.  retail  shopping  is  becoming  increasingly  personalized,  thanks  to  the  rise  of  iot  personalizing  the  retail  experiencewill  provide  the  customer  with  the  most  efficient  and  informative  shopping  experience  possible.  associates  armed  with  mobile  pointofsale  tech  will  soon  be  able  to  execute  transactions  at  any  location  in  the  store  instead  of  having  customers  stand  in  line  at  the  cash  register.  no  customer  wants  to  wait  in  line.  thanks  to  smart  retailsolutions,  it  might  not  be  long  until  the  dream  of  a  seamless  shopping  and  checkout
__label__interactivedisplays experience  is  possible.  tech  improvements  that  allow  for  the  rapid  transmission  of  useful  information  help  customers,  as  well  as  retailers.  from  the  retailers  perspective,  data  collection  is  useful  because  it  provides  insights  into  consumer  behavior.  as  previouslymentioned,  beacons  and  point  of  sale  pos  systems  empower  retailers  to  learn  more  about  customers  and  fully  personalize  the  shopping  experience.  personalization  through  product  recommendations  and  other  customtailored  messages  will  inspirecustomers  to  spend  more  money  at  brickandmortar  stores  rather  than  shop  on  the  web.  another  emerging  technology  in  retail  is  the  use  of  beacons.  instore  beacons  are  particularly  important  for  the  progression  of  retail
__label__interactivedisplays shopping  because  retailers  can  determine  where  mobile  app  users  are  located  in  the  store  at  all  times.  thisinformation  is  then  used  to  provide  shoppers  with  personalized  content,  discounts  and  other  helpful  information.  imagine  a  future  in  which  your  smartphone  app  receives  a  signal  from  a  beacon  that  provides  consistent  communication  throughout  theshopping  experience.  this  is  exactly  what  is  necessary  to  encourage  customer  purchases  in  brickandmortar  stores  rather  than  visiting  the  store  and  buying  online.  beacon  technology  has  emerged  as  quite  important  for  retail  marketing.  beacons  function  with  bluetooth  to  send  signals  to  mobile  devices.  these  nifty  smart  retail  solutions  will
__label__interactivedisplays soon  take  the  industry  to  the  next  level  in  terms  of  customerengagement,  advertising  and  profitability.  beacons  will  soon  be  ubiquitous  in  stores  across  the  united  states  and  beyond.  beacons  are  quickly  gaining  steam  at  businesses  across  the  world  as  they  connect  retailers  to  customers  in  a  mutually  beneficial  arrangement.  consider  that  a  shows  nearly  threequarters  of  all  shoppers  provided  withbeacon  content  through  their  smartphone  stated  it  increased  their  chances  of  making  a  purchase  while  perusing  the  stores  offerings  more  than  60  percent  of  people  said  they  were  willing  to  spend  more  on  holiday  shopping  at  traditionalbrickandmortar  stores  if  those  stores
__label__interactivedisplays sent  offers  and  other  content  during  the  shopping  experience.  the  same  percentage  of  respondents  indicated  they  would  visit  a  store  more  frequently  if  targeted  through  beacon  marketing.  the  smart  retail  solutions  statistics  noted  above  are  quite  revealing.  customers  targeted  with  proximity  marketing  are  more  inclined  to  spend  money  or,  at  least,  consider  spending  money  at  traditional  brickandmortar  businesses.  in  addition,  itis  not  only  sales  that  are  positively  impacted  by  proximity  marketing;  this  form  of  marketing  also  improves  brand  affinity  and  the  full  customer  experience.  iot  beacons  are  undoubtedly  the  wave  of  the  future  as  they  allow  for  marketing  based  on
__label__interactivedisplays consumer  location  and  habits  through  the  strategic  use  of  beacons,  crosschannel  analytics,  and  sensors.  fully  customized  promotions  and  messages  for  eachunique  customer  are  transmitted  to  his  or  her  phone,  a  wearable  device,  as  well  as  digital  signs  within  stores.  iot  devices  can  even  determine  where  customers  spend  time  within  the  store,  the  areas  of  the  store  they  tend  to  frequent  and  so  on.these  tech  advances  mean  the  shopping  experience  will  only  become  that  much  more  personalized  as  time  progresses,  as  well  as  build  customer  loyalty.  iot  smart  retail  solutions  are  poised  to  dramatically  alter  retail  as  we  know  it.  one
__label__interactivedisplays need  not  look  any  further  than  to  see  how  iot  is  changing  retail  shopping.  this  futuristic  store  represents  the  synthesis  of  cuttingedge  technology  with  traditional  brickandmortar  shopping  for  an  improved  customer  experience  and  increased  corporate  profits.  amazon  go  is  a  sneak  preview  of  tomorrows  retail  stores.  this  hightech  store  empowers  shoppers  to  select  the  items  they  desire,  scan  the  amazon  go  app  and  exit  the  store  without  forking  over  cash,  a  credit  card,  debit  card  or  another  form  ofpayment.  everything,  including  payment,  is  done  through  iot.  human  interaction  in  the  context  of  retail  is  quickly  being  phased  out  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays sake  of  efficiency,  both  to  reduce  overhead  expenses  and  speed  up  the  shopping  experience.  iot  might  seem  a  bit  invasive  to  privacy  advocates.  yet  the  overarching  purpose  of  this  technology  is  to  personalize  the  shopping  experience,  bolster  brand  awareness  and  ultimately  provide  consumers  with  the  products  they  need  and  desire  atcompetitive  prices.  as  an  example,  the  popular  retailer  made  famous  by  cryptocurrencies  such  as  bitcoin.  the  collected  data  is  reviewed  to  glean  valuable  insights  into  the  frequency  of  use  and  washings  and  even  temperature  information.  with  the  rise  of  smart  retail  solutions  powered  by  iot,  the  idea  of  a  personalized,
__label__interactivedisplays convenient,  flexible,  and  more  handson  shopping  experience  is  not  so  farfetched  anymore.  iot  is  changing  the  way  industries  work,  and  with  smart  applicationsfocused  on  retail,  more  benefits  will  surely  be  felt  not  only  by  the  consumers  but  the  companies  themselves.  services  resources  company  legal
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  iot  is  viewed  as  a  major  driver  of  the  third  industrial  revolution.  there  is  no  question  that  the  connectivity  of  things  will  only  continue  to  affect  how  businesses  run  in  the  future.  however,  retail  and  cpg  companies  should  avoid  chasing  after  the  killer  iot  application  that  promises  to  solve  all  their  problems.  rather,  they  should  focus  on  nearterm  iot  use  cases  that  will  demonstrate  positive  returns  on  investment  in  iot,  lay  down  the  ground  work,  and  prepare  the  organization  for  that  yettobedeveloped  killer  iot  application.  this  is  an  excerpt  from  my  report,  retail:  prepare  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays iot  revolution  .  if  you  are  interested  in  learning  more,download  a  snapshot  of  the  report:  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  one  issue  that  haunts  retailers  is  how  to  extract  greater  efficiencies  and  profits  from  their  physical  stores.  at  the  crux  of  this  challenge:  where  is  the  inventory?  with  the  massive  number  and  variability  of  skus  in  the  retail  supply  chain,  retailers  face  an  evergrowing  challenge  of  being  able  to  properly  manage  and  understand  where  the  inventories  are.  here  are  areas  where  the  iot  can  be  employed  to  improve  retailers  operations:  one  of  the  ageold  problems  in  retail  is  having  a  true
__label__interactivedisplays picture  of  inventory  on  the  store  shelf.  it  is  not  simply  the  inventory  that  systems  show  is  available  at  the  store.  too  often,  there  is  a  disconnect  between  what  is  found  on  store  shelves  compared  to  the  inventory  sitting  in  the  back  room.  the  inventory  management  system  might  show  that  there  are  50  boxes  of  pampers  diapers  at  the  store,  but  it  is  not  precise  on  how  many  are  on  the  store  shelf  versus  how  many  are  still  in  storage.  this  lack  of  visibility  creates  a  host  of  issues  and  associated  costs  for  retailers.  among  the  negative  outcomes  are  lost
__label__interactivedisplays worker  productivity,  mishandled  stocking,  potentially  empty  shelves  when  there  is  actual  inventory  available  within  the  store  and  suboptimal  inventory  order  management.  retailers  can  tackle  these  problems  with  greater  usage  of  technology  to  bring  more  visibility  into  the  actual  location  of  inventory.  they  can  employ  solutions  that  take  advantage  of  existing  infrastructure  such  as  cameras  within  the  store  as  well  as  new  technologies  such  as  sensors,  beacons,  and  rfid  chips.  vendors  such  as  panasonic  offer  both  hardware  and  software  that  can  make  the  store  shelf  smarter  and  tie  it  to  the  back  storage  room.  the  combination  of  store  shelf  sensors,  smart
__label__interactivedisplays displays,  digital  price  tags  and  high  resolution  cameras  makes  it  possible  for  retailers  to  see  what  is  on  the  store  shelf  and  in  the  back  stock  room  and  link  these  two  sets  of  data.  retailers  who  have  issues  with  being  out  of  stock,  rapidly  moving  inventory  and  massive  swings  due  to  seasonality  need  to  look  at  iot  to  help  manage  the  inventory  process.  with  greater  visibility  within  the  four  walls  of  the  store,  retailers  can  start  seeing  improved  results  within  their  stores.  retailer  supply  chains,  like  most  supply  chains,  have  become  longer,  more  complex  and  require  greater  control  than  before.
__label__interactivedisplays having  visibility  into  inventory  does  not  start  at  the  receiving  dock  of  the  store.  on  the  contrary,  the  ability  to  track  and  trace  product  movements  starts  from  the  point  of  manufacturing.  it  is  simply  not  about  tracking  where  the  inventory  is  either  certain  retailers  need  to  be  able  to  trace  the  inventory  and  its  treatment  and  condition  throughout  the  supply  chain.  this  is  no  more  apparent  than  with  perishable  and  temperaturesensitive  inventory.  confectioners  such  as  cadbury  and  hersheys  have  to  ensure  that  their  products  are  transported  at  the  right  temperature  throughout  their  journeys  to  retail  outlets.  these  companies  use  a
__label__interactivedisplays greater  number  of  sensors  to  guarantee  that  their  products  are  handled  properly,  measuring  a  host  of  variables  from  temperature  and  humidity  to  vibrations  and  altitude.  it  is  not  simply  about  bringing  product  to  market,  but  what  happens  once  the  product  has  been  sold.  major  disruptors  to  retail  supply  chains  are  product  recalls,  which  have  struck  everything  from  vegetables  and  dog  food  to  baby  products  and  appliances.  a  few  years  back,  grocery  operator  tescos  recall  of  consumer  meats  that  contained  horsemeat  not  only  caused  a  financial  penalty  having  to  pull  off  10  million  products  from  store  shelves  but  it  also  created
__label__interactivedisplays a  public  relations  disaster.  could  iot  have  averted  such  a  scandal?  probably  not,  but  it  could  have  made  the  recall  faster  and  more  efficient.  having  data  and  improved  visibility  from  the  iot  would  have  made  it  easier  to  rapidly  track  and  trace  the  products  origins,  where  it  was  distributed,  and  which  retail  outlets  it  passed  through.  industrial  manufacturers  are  already  taking  advantage  of  the  iot  for  tracking  and  tracing  their  finished  goods.  being  able  to  understand  exactly  how  products  went  through  the  manufacturing  supply  chain  makes  the  implementation  of  recalls  much  smoother.  retailers  need  to  investigate  how  to  leverage  iot
__label__interactivedisplays technologies  such  as  rfid  to  better  track  and  trace  products  throughout  the  extended  supply  chain.  this  level  of  iot  investment  focuses  more  on  transportation  and  warehousing  assets  to  provide  a  more  complete  picture  of  the  retail  supply  chain.  retailers  do  need  to  be  aware  that  these  investments  will  require  more  sensitivity  to  working  with  partners  and  an  extended  ecosystem.  it  is  not  simply  about  kitting  out  your  retail  locations  but  working  with  your  transportation  and  warehousing  providers  to  make  the  investments.  one  challenge  all  retailers  face  is  shrinkage  and  fraud.  whether  this  is  from  store  employees  stealing,  shoplifters  or  even
__label__interactivedisplays organized  crime,  there  is  a  constant  need  for  trying  to  curb  items  being  taken  out  of  circulation  nefariously.  north  american  retailers  lost  and  estimated  42  billion  due  to  shrinkage  in  2014.  how  can  iot  help  curb  this?  by  adding  an  additional  layer  of  visibility  to  the  process.  rather  than  solely  relying  on  pointofsale  systems  to  indicate  when  a  piece  of  merchandise  has  been  sold,  retailers  can  look  to  smart  shelves,  sourcetagged  skus  and  more  sophisticated  camera  technology  to  track  the  flow  of  inventory  in  and  out  of  the  front  door  of  the  store.  companies  like  panasonic  are  bringing  on  more
__label__interactivedisplays sophisticated  smart  shelf  technology  as  well  as  more  powerful  cameras  that  can  enhance  the  ability  of  stores  to  track  and  manage  their  inventory.  rather  than  relying  on  receipts  or  lack  thereof,  retailers  can  lean  on  these  smarter  instore  technologies  to  paint  a  much  clearer  picture  of  what  transpires.  if  a  patron  claims  to  have  purchased  items  but  misplaced  the  receipt,  having  rapid  and  detailed  access  to  what  occurred  in  the  store  could  quell  some  of  the  fraud  that  is  occurring.  of  course,  it  will  not  eradicate  fraud,  but  give  the  retailer  an  additional  layer  of  protection  it  currently  does  not
__label__interactivedisplays enjoy.  traditional  brick  and  mortar  retailers  are  at  a  disadvantage  from  online  channels.  one  area  where  brick  and  mortar  has  struggled  to  keep  pace  with  online  players  is  in  the  ability  to  hone  in  on  demand,  quickly  identify  customer  desire,  and  seamlessly  crosssell  and  upsell  products.  everyone  is  familiar  with  banner  ads  that  are  based  on  online  search  history  and  with  receiving  suggestions  of  other  things  to  purchase  based  on  whats  in  the  online  shopping  cart.  brick  and  mortar  retailers  do  not  have  the  digital  intelligence  their  online  competitors  have.  better  sensors  and  beacons  are  starting  to  give  brick  and
__label__interactivedisplays mortar  players  a  glimpse  into  what  is  possible.  turkcell  in  turkey  works  with  its  partners  to  provide  customers  who  have  opted  into  its  loyalty  program  with  access  to  instore  promotions  when  they  are  near  certain  brick  and  mortar  retailers.  leveraging  the  cellular  network  as  well  as  beacons  in  specific  stores,  turkcell  provides  the  retail  channel  with  online  flexibility.  companies  such  as  zebra  technologies  allow  brick  and  mortar  stores  to  tie  in  customer  experience  data  via  beacons  to  push  more  tailored  content  onto  smart  displays  within  the  stores  or  even  onto  customers  mobile  devices.  via  this  more  targeted  content,  users  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  technology  hope  to  drive  greater  retail  sales.  iot  will  offer  brick  and  mortar  retailers  the  opportunity  to  provide  their  customers  demandshaping  deliverables  promotional  materials.  but  this  is  only  the  first  step.  retailers  must  realize  that  customers  will  expect,  if  not  demand,  more  sophisticated  interactions  if  they  are  to  truly  develop  a  deeper  relationship  via  mobile  and  iot.  focusing  on  and  trying  to  maximize  how  consumers  navigate  the  store  aisles  is  not  a  new  concept.  retailers  from  grocers  like  shaws  to  whole  foods  to  furniture  giants  like  ikea  have  spent  time  perfecting  how  they  lay  out  their  stores  to  maximize
__label__interactivedisplays the  appropriate  customer  exposure.  much  has  been  done  to  analyze  traffic  and  flow  patterns.  but  much  of  this  work  has  been  done  through  experimentation  and  human  observation.  with  iot,  there  is  an  opportunity  to  add  more  sophisticated  digital  tools  to  the  process.  rather  than  relying  on  someone  with  a  clipboard  measuring  the  traffic  patterns  or  reorganizing  displays  and  then  trying  to  correlate  with  sales,  leveraging  smart  cameras,  beacons  and  even  microphones  can  give  brick  and  mortar  retailers  more  detailed  and  accurate  data.  companies  such  as  extreme  networks  are  working  with  entertainment  venues  to  demonstrate  what  is  possible  with  a  more
__label__interactivedisplays prevalent  iot.  for  example,  extreme  networks,  is  partnering  with  the  nfls  new  england  patriots  and  gillette  stadium  to  monitor  fans  traffic  patterns.  from  lines  at  the  restrooms  to  traffic  patterns  at  the  concession  stands,  extreme  networks  technology  has  enhanced  the  ability  of  the  patriots  and  gillette  stadium  to  understand  where  customers  congregate,  where  they  spend  the  most  time  and  where  the  traffic  is  the  heaviest.  the  data  is  leveraged  today  to  work  with  advertisers;  for  example,  gillette  stadium  can  price  its  advertisements  and  product  placements  more  accurately  using  the  heat  map  information  on  traffic.  moving  forward,  this  information  could  be
__label__interactivedisplays used  to  push  data  and  messages  to  patrons  to  better  manage  traffic  patterns  as  well.  if  the  line  is  too  long  at  a  certain  restroom,  push  a  message  to  patrons  in  a  section  that  they  should  go  to  a  restroom  a  few  sections  away  with  a  much  shorter  line.  or  offer  valueadded  services  such  as  when  the  line  at  the  concession  stand  is  too  long,  send  a  message  that  you  can  have  your  hot  dogs  and  beers  delivered  to  your  seats  for  an  additional  cost.  entertainment  and  sports  venues  can  leverage  iot  to  act  more  like  retailers.  meanwhile,  retailers  can
__label__interactivedisplays take  these  tactics  and  create  digital,  connected  and  customized  experiences  in  their  brick  and  mortar  stores.  these  use  cases  address  business  needs  whose  results  are  visible  in  the  near  term.  iot  is  not  a  panacea,  but  a  tool  that  can  be  coupled  with  traditional  approaches  to  provide  retailers  with  another  step  forward.  these  use  cases  can  also  bring  immediate  results  for  retailers,  making  the  investment  more  palatable  for  executive  teams.  as  retailers  work  through  early  implementations  of  iot,  they  will  also  lay  the  groundwork  for  more  ambitious  use  cases.  2014  global  retail  theft  barometer  128  billion  in  retail  shrinkage  globally.
__label__interactivedisplays the  new  barometer:  a  study  of  the  cost  of  merchandise  theft  and  merchandise  availability  for  the  global  retail  industry  20132014,  ,  the  smart  cube  and  checkpoint  systems,  october  2014,  .  constellation  research,  constellation  supernova  awards,  connected  enterprise,  and  the  constellation  research  logo  aretrademarks  of  constellation  research,  inc.  all  other  products  and  services  listed  herein  are  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.
__label__interactivedisplays recently,  britains  high  streets  suffered  their  significantly  as  by  2.7  per  cent  compared  with  last  year,  following  four  months  of  poor  results.  more  in  the  us  in  the  past  three  years,  more  than  chains  have  gone  bankrupt.  traditional  retail  is  under  attack:  higher  costs,  smaller  profit  margins,  tough  competition  from  online  sales  and  thrifty  consumers  have  ganged  up  to  create  the  perfect  storm  of  challenges.  but  do  not  despair;  there  is  a  lifeline  to  grab  hold  of:  the  internet  of  things.  retailers  have  been  slow  in  joining  the  iot  party.  i  see  this  anecdotally  from  my  retailer  conversations,  but  it
__label__interactivedisplays has  also  been  observed  by  the  experts.  in  2018,  that  retailers  were  not  prioritizing  iot,  which  is  potentially  a  huge  miss,  as  the  iot  will  play  a  major  role  in  digital  business  scenarios.  for  a  number  of  years  i  have  seen  retailers  investing  in  point  solutions  that  could  be  considered  iot,  but  the  data  has  remained  in  silos  restricting  the  ability  to  make  informed  or  automated  decisions  leveraging  it.  these  missing  connections  have  meant  that  retailers  have  missed  out  on  the  of  iot  which  amplifies  the  value.  views  the  potential  impact  of  iot,  specifically  in  a  store  environment,  playing  a
__label__interactivedisplays key  part  in  doubling  store  profitability.  but  even  outside  the  store,  i  have  long  believed  iot  technologies  have  a  much  bigger  part  to  play.  it  offers  the  potential  of  a  truly  connected  and  unified  version  of  retail.  at  software  ag  we  call  this  iot  connected  retail  and  we  break  it  into  three  parts:  while  i  have  seen  many  small  initiatives  along  similar  lines,  they  seem  to  get  little  traction.  very  often  this  is  because  the  business  case  is  not  seen  as  big  enough;  probably  because  they  are  looking  at  the  cases  in  isolation  the  siloed  data  limits  things.  only  by
__label__interactivedisplays linking  all  the  different  technologies  together  and  eliminating  the  silos  can  you  unlock  the  value  of  the  data  and  benefit  from  the  network  effect  that  iot  provides.  only  then  can  you  hope  to  attain  really  good  actionable  insights  and  perhaps  even  automated  decisions  across  the  business.  this  is  where  the  fun  really  with  automation  reshaping  the  entire  value  chain.  iot  has  huge  potential  to  help  retailers  progress.  find  out  how  software  ag  is  helping  retailers  benefit  from  iot  by  clicking  below.  thought  leadership  is  an  overused  term.  it  was  invented  by  marketing  professionals  in  order  to  thinly  disguise  corporate  sales
__label__interactivedisplays pitches.  businesses  today  do  not  need  sales  pitches.  they  need  real  use  cases  that  show  them  how  other  innovative  companies  solve  real  world  problems.  they  need  a  reality  check  a  digital  reality  check.  beyond  b2b,  a  digital  reality  check  is  your  resource  where  you  can  read,  comment  and  contribute  to  thoughtprovoking  discussions  that  will  inspire  you  to  achieve  digitization.  leave  the  jargon  to  the  marketing  people.  blogeditorsoftwareag.com
__label__interactivedisplays posted  on  december  20,  2018  the  pace  of  development  for  retail  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  continues  to  build.  from  enhanced  customer  insights  to  better  staff  utilization  and  increased  supply  chain  efficiency,  sophisticated  iot  solutions  are  helping  retailers  improve,  and  even  reimagine,  the  retail  experience.  for  indepth  insights  around  the  latest  developments  in  iot  for  retail,  including  how  customer  expectations  are  changing  and  how  iot  investments  can  impact  store  profitability,  register  for  our  colocated  with  nrf  2019  on  january  14,  2019  or  sign  up  for  our  on  january  8,  2019.  instore  retail  continues  to  account  for  approximately  ,  but  the
__label__interactivedisplays retail  landscape  is  changing.  according  to  ,  nearly  10,000  stores  closed  in  the  united  states  in  2017  but  another  14,000  opened.  in  the  new  retail  environment,  successful  stores  are  focused  on  improving  the  customer  experience  and  instore  operations  with  the  goal  of  offering  truly  frictionless  shopping.  iot  technologies  are  helping  to  transform  both  efforts,  allowing  rapid  testing  and  deployment  in  a  common  platform  that  spans  both  digital  and  physical  environments.  its  one  thing  to  get  a  customer  into  your  store,  but  another  to  where  they  make  the  purchase  they  intended  to  make.  iot  can  increase  sales  conversions  by  reducing  wait
__label__interactivedisplays times,  making  items  easy  to  find,  and  removing  friction  from  the  experience.  here  are  a  few  methods  for  doing  so:  a  customer  can  only  purchase  something  if  they  can  find  it.  by  analyzing  traffic  patterns  in  the  store  from  cameras  and  traffic  sensors,  then  layering  this  data  on  top  of  inventory  and  purchase  data,  stores  can  optimize  their  physical  layout,  so  shoppers  can  quickly  find  items  and  be  inspired  by  complimentary  items.  where  online  retailers  try  to  get  products  in  front  of  customers  in  the  fewest  number  of  clicks,  iot  technologies  can  help  brickandmortar  retailers  minimize  the  number  of  steps
__label__interactivedisplays a  customer  has  to  take.  one  of  the  reasons  customers  shop  in  stores  is  to  get  inperson  help  from  sales  associates.  but  if  the  sales  associates  dont  interact  with  the  customer  at  the  right  time,  sales  and  upsells  can  be  lost.  thats  why  companies  are  creating  to  offer  intelligent  retail  insights  and  recommendations  that  help  stores  convert  shoppers  to  customers.  also  working  to  improve  the  retail  customer  experience  is  ,  a  microsoft  partner  who  has  iot  solutions  that  leverage  existing  store  security  cameras  to  provide  retailers  with  customer  and  operational  insights  to  improve  business  outcomes.  for  example,  their  solution  can
__label__interactivedisplays detect  increased  congestion  at  checkout  terminals  to  reduce  abandonment  due  to  delays  checking  out  and  provide  customer  traffic  and  flow  information  for  making  good  merchandising  decisions  based  on  that  intelligence.  even  if  the  right  item  is  in  the  store,  if  an  associate  cant  find  it  and  hand  it  to  a  customer,  it  wont  get  bought.  iot  solutions  can  help  make  sure  every  item  is  on  the  right  shelf.  they  can  also  keep  track  of  items  that  are  moving  within  the  store,  for  example  to  the  fitting  rooms  and  the  sometimescluttered  racks  outside  them.  iot  solutions  are  also  enabling  retailers  to
__label__interactivedisplays glean  far  deeper  insights  into  customer  needs,  preferences,  and  buying  habits.  microsoft  iot  solutions  can  assess  how  customers  interact  with  your  brand  and  the  products  on  your  shelves.  they  can  help  gauge  customer  sentiment  and  track  search  and  buying  habits  through  dynamics  crm.  these  insights  can  enable  retailers  to  truly  personalize  customer  experiences  and  promotions  to  increase  loyalty  and  market  share.  secure  iot  solutions  on  the  intelligent  edge  and  intelligent  cloud  can  increase  operational  efficiencies  and  reduce  costs.  add  in  the  ,  which  ensures  endtoend  device  security  for  mcupowered  devices,  and  retailers  can  focus  their  efforts  on  reimagining  everything  from
__label__interactivedisplays business  models  to  product  experiences.  for  instance,  many  timeconsuming  activities  like  reordering,  inventory  tracking,  and  setting  price  points  can  be  automated.  analysis  of  traffic  patterns  and  demographics  between  stores  can  help  select  the  right  mix  of  products  for  each  store.  other  ways  operations  can  be  improved  include:  to  explore  iot  for  retail  in  more  detail,  be  sure  to  register  for  our  on  january  8,  2019.  you  will  get  insights  into  how  iot  can  help  you  delight  customers,  improve  the  effectiveness  of  your  associates,  and  increase  the  efficiency  of  your  operations.  you  can  also  learn  how  intelligent  edge  and  intelligent  cloud
__label__interactivedisplays iot  solutions  can  transform  your  retail  business  by  signing  up  for  on  january  14,  2019.  finally,  you  can  take  a  deep  dive  into  building  retail  iot  solutions  at  our  upcoming  in  late  january  and  early  february.  go  social  hello  from  seattle.
__label__interactivedisplays 21,462  22  3  smart,  cost  effective  and  easily  installable  solution  to  make  office  resources  like  meeting  rooms  iot  enabled.  this  solution  would  provide  status  of  conference  rooms  or  meeting  rooms  availability  in  the  real  time  and  teams  can  plan  their  meetings  effectively  and  would  make  optimum  use  of  meeting  rooms  in  any  office  avoiding  unnecessary  wait  time.  1.  sometimes  teams  book  meeting  rooms,  however  never  turns  up  for  the  meeting.  this  solution  would  check  in  the  real  time  if  room  does  not  occupy  in  minimum  cutoff  time  declares  its  status  as  available.  so,  that  other  team  can  use  that  room.
__label__interactivedisplays 2.  sometimes  meeting  gets  over  prior  to  planned  time;  however  the  status  of  the  meeting  room  remains  occupied  till  its  scheduled  plan  time.  the  real  time  status  would  help  to  avoid  unnecessary  wait  for  other  teams  who  want  to  use  the  meeting  room.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  1.  intel  edison  2.  arduino  board.  3.  sensors  :  motion  sensormir,  light  sensorldr  1.  intel  analytics  cloud  connectivity  2.  intel  iot  developer  kit  for  flashing  intel  edison  and  prepare  it  for  the  development  3.  development
__label__interactivedisplays environment:  arduino  ide  it  detects  meeting  room  availability  through  motion  detection  as  well  as  through  detecting  light  intensity  present  in  the  meeting  room.  the  light  detection  is  very  useful  in  case  meeting  room  is  equipped  with  light  controlling  relays.  as  relays  control  light  i.e.  to  make  the  light  on  or  off  on  motion  detection  and  in  that  case  by  only  sensing  light  intensity  would  help  us  to  detect  if  room  is  available  or  not.  the  light  detection  is  also  useful  in  case  of  manual  switches  to  on  and  off  lights  as  usually  meeting  room  lights  are  always  put  on  during
__label__interactivedisplays meeting.  in  the  present  solution,  it  checks  both  motion  as  well  as  light  intensity  to  sense  room  availability.  as  next  step,  it  sends  room  availability  status  flag  to  the  intel  analytics  cloud  through  wifi  configured  on  intel  edison.  note:  please  ensure  create  meetingroom  and  room1  components  entries  on  the  intel  cloud  for  below  code  to  work  as  it  is  sending  flag  value  1  to  the  cloud  if  room  is  occupied,  here  i  have  configured  two  components  for  testing  purpose,  you  can  configure  single  component:  iotkit.sendmeetingroom,1;  iotkit.sendroom1,1;  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,594  enrolled  4  months  ago
__label__interactivedisplays on  hi,  i  am  a  beginner  to  iot  projects.  could  you  pls  explain  how  to  connect  the  hardware  components?  and  how  to  connect  the  hardware  to  the  required  software?  4  years  ago  great  ible,  nice  clear  pictures.  keep  up  the  good  work.  4  years  ago  on  such  a  great  idea  thanks  for  sharing  and  welcome  to  the  community  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__interactivedisplays how  to  be  smart  in  office  life  organization?  internet  of  things  smart  id  connect  pc  with  smartphone  smart  meeting  room  ideas  for  office  can  born.  save  energy  resources  app  ideas  are  prospected  to  draw  most  interest  among  investors.  smart  warehousing  conclusion  contact  us,  if  you  decided  to  make  your  office  smart  elena  is  the  business  analyst  passionate  about  everything  connected  with  startups,  business  ideas,  and  analytics.  shes  aiming  to  find  the  solution  for  every  challenge,  young  companies  meet  on  their  way.  leave  a  reply  business  technologies  are  changing  every  modern  business  sector  and  the  automotive  industry  is  not  an  exception.
__label__interactivedisplays everything  from  the  buying  process  to  the  driving  experience  is  currently  going  through  the  digital  transformation.  and  thats  means  that  not  only  car  manufacturers  have  to  keep  up  with  the  current  tech  trends.  basically,  any  company  that  is...  marketing  every  year  the  new  trends  in  technologies  appear,  replacing  each  other  and  this  process  seems  to  be  unstoppable.  since  android  has  been  introduced  several  years  ago,  it  made  a  revolution  in  mobile  operating  systems.  many  things  have  changed  since  that  times  but  one  remains  the  same  google  does  its  best  to  blow  users  minds....  development  the  development  of  any  product  can
__label__interactivedisplays be  a  huge  process  and  just  like  any  others  that  you  would  expect  a  positive  result  from,  the  web  process  needs  to  be  thought  out  and  measured.  a  lot  of  developers,  especially  the  junior  ones  or  even  the  little  companies,  think  that  some  stages  of  development  are  just  a...  categories  people  are  talking  about  need  a  quick  help?  ask  our  itexperts  and  get  answer  within  24  hours  youve  got  whats  next?  send  us  a  message  with  a  brief  description  of  your  project.  our  expert  team  will  review  it  and  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day  with  free  consultation
__label__interactivedisplays and  to  discuss  the  next  steps.  my  project  with  gbksoft  gave  me  the  ability  to  develop  my  software  while  keeping  a  busy  schedule.  ana,  who  was  my  project  manager,  was  very  professional  and  was  always  understanding  of  my  vision  and  what  i  wanted.  i  would  recommend  gbksoft  again  to  any  other  company  or  person  who  has  a  vision  for  their  web  application.  thank  you  gbksoft  ive  been  using  gbk  soft  for  the  past  3  years  and  they  have  been  great.  communication  is  unparalleled  to  other  app  development  companies.  ive  continued  to  return  to  them  to  improve  my  ios  app  countless
__label__interactivedisplays times  and  i  will  continue  to  do  so  in  the  future.  i  highly  recommend  this  company  i  think  they  do  great  work.  i  havent  yet  given  them  something  that  they  were  unable  to  do.  the  form  was  not  completed,  please  try  to  fill  the  form  in  again  or  contact  us  via  email  thank  you  your  request  has  been  received.  our  client  manager  will  get  in  touch  within  the  specified  24hour  window.  have  a  good  day  subscribe  to  our  blog  subscribe  to  read  more  it  and  business  development  article  gbksoft  outsourcing  web  and  mobile  application  development  company.
__label__interactivedisplays we  enable  organisations  to  disrupt  their  markets  through  digital  innovation  services  enquiries:  0161  260  0310  at  arrk  group  we  place  a  great  deal  of  emphasis  on  teamdriven  research  and  development,  through  our  sparrk  community  programme.  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  is  one  such  area  where  we  engage  with  our  communities  to  develop  new  concepts  and  ideas.  simply  put  the  internet  of  things,  known  as  iot,  refers  to  the  interconnection  of  devices,  where  the  thing  can  refer  to  a  wide  variety  of  devices  with  the  ability  to  communicate  via  the  internet.  this  might  be  the  example  often  cited  of  a
__label__interactivedisplays domestic  refrigerator  communicating  when  it  is  out  of  milk  to  the  owners  smartphone  or  the  new  to  market  home  energy  management  devices  which  learn  to  create  a  personal  heating  schedule.  in  fact,  the  iot  market  is  expected  to  grow  exponentially  over  the  coming  years,  with  predicting  that  as  many  as  26bn  devices  will  be  installed  globally  by  2020,  in  a  market  exceeding  300bn.  one  iot  installation  can  be  found  at  the  arrk  group  office  in  india,  where  we  now  have  the  ability  to  display  the  current  and  upcoming  conference  room  bookings  from  the  current  meeting  room  booking  system  mrbs  on
__label__interactivedisplays the  door  of  a  conference  room,  in  realtime.  known  internally  as  project  chocolate,  the  real  time  meeting  room  display  uses  two  radio  transmitters,  using  the  standard  ieee  802.15.4  protocol,  also  popularly  known  as  .  these  radio  transmitters  send  and  receive  data  wirelessly  about  the  current  bookings,  from  the  existing  meeting  room  booking  system.  zigbee  was  chosen  over  other  popular  technologies  such  as  bluetooth  and  wifi  as  it  uses  less  power  and  is  therefore  a  cheaper  alternative.  using  an  xbee  series  2  model,  and  operating  on  the  2.4  ghz  radio  frequency,  the  firmware  running  on  the  device  was  written  using  c
__label__interactivedisplays language,  with  the  pc  software  written  in  c.  arduino,  an  open  source  electronics  platform,  was  selected  for  prototyping  the  display  device  thanks  to  its  rich  set  of  libraries  which  makes  it  easy  to  communicate  with  the  zigbee  devices.  on  a  periodic  basis,  the  meeting  room  booking  system  database  is  accessed  and  the  information  is  sent  wirelessly  to  the  display  on  the  conference  room  door  using  a  usb  xbee  explorer.  at  the  other  end  we  have  an  xbee  device  attached  to  an  arduino  module.  this  module  reads  the  received  information  and  displays  it  on  the  lcd  module.  despite  the  relatively  straightforward
__label__interactivedisplays application,  the  first  challenge  faced  was  configuring  the  xbee  devices  and  making  them  talk  to  each  other.  xbee  radios  can  be  configured  in  a  variety  of  ways,  with  each  model  also  requiring  a  different  way  of  configuring;  the  team  alsofaced  getting  to  grips  with  the  115page  long  technical  manual.  eventually,  both  radios  were  correctly  configured  to  talk  to  each  other,  and  this  lead  onto  the  next  challenge  successfully  sending  the  data  between  the  devices.  following  an  unsuccessful  attempt  at  using  serial  communication,  the  process  of  sending  data  one  bit  at  a  time,  the  team  switched  to  the  2.4ghz  frequency.  however,
__label__interactivedisplays our  indian  wifi  network  also  operates  on  the  same  frequency  which  meant  data  was  not  reaching  the  other  end  properly  due  to  noise.  finally  the  team  switched  to  xbee  api  mode  and  with  help  from  building  wireless  sensor  networks  a  stable,  wireless  connection  was  created.  the  arduino  prototype  board  was  used  to  test  the  device  in  action,  however  we  now  needed  to  create  a  project  closure  which  could  be  installed  on  the  meeting  room  door.  this  required  a  printed  circuit  board  or  pcb.  evaluating  several  open  source  solutions  the  team  selected  the  eagle  cad  to  create  the  pcb.  the  first
__label__interactivedisplays version  utilised  a  16  x  4  lcd  display  screen,  however  we  soon  realised  that  this  was  too  small  and  so  upgraded  to  a  graphic  lcd.  this  meant  a  change  to  the  schematic  and  a  revision  of  the  pcb.  at  this  stage  we  also  upgraded  the  solution  by  incorporating  a  power  saving  button  which  would  turn  off  the  backlight  after  a  predetermined  amount  of  time.  what  is  immediately  apparent  when  comparing  both  pcbs  is  that  this  new  version  is  significantly  more  complex  than  the  first  iteration,  the  reason  for  is  that  the  graphic  lcd  requires  far  more  complex  connections  to  make
__label__interactivedisplays it  work.  the  result,  however,  is  a  much  clearer  display  which  can  displaymultiple  bookings.  the  successful  conclusion  of  project  chocolate  is  the  arrk  group  india  office  now  has  a  working  prototype  of  iot  technology  in  use.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  find  us  on:  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  your  navigation  of  this  site  is  taken  as  consent.  please  click  agree  to  dismiss  this  message.
__label__interactivedisplays we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__interactivedisplays hacking  like  crazy  in  oslo,  trondheim,  barcelona  and  beyond  ah  an  empty  meeting  room.  the  moment  you  sit  down  however  youre  being  kicked  out  by  someone  who  apparently  reserved  the  damn  thing,  and  youll  have  to  start  your  quest  for  some  quiet  working  space  all  over  again.  annoying.  so  when  youre  finally  used  to  first  checking  the  calendar  for  the  room,  youll  start  to  notice  that  there  are  people  reserving  rooms  that  they  are  not  using  at  all  as  we  see  ,  ,  and  appear  i  was  wondering  why  our  meeting  rooms  are  still  so  dumb.  when  companies  are  building
__label__interactivedisplays smart  meeting  rooms,  they  usually  dont  get  further  than  just  next  to  the  entrance.  its  time  to  create  a  proper  smart  meeting  room.  as  i  said  earlier  there  is  two  problems  id  like  to  solve.  first,  knowing  whether  an  empty  meeting  room  is  going  to  be  available;  and  second,  knowing  if  a  booked  meeting  room  is  actually  used.  the  first  issue  can  be  solved  quickly  by  looking  in  the  meeting  room  calendar  which  is  hosted  by  google  calendar  in  our  amsterdam  oslo  offices,  but  this  is  not  preferable  on  mobile,  as  it  requires  syncing  of  all  meeting  room  calendars,  which
__label__interactivedisplays then  interferes  with  your  normal  agenda.  the  second  problem  is  that  it  requires  you  to  find  the  meeting  room  youre  in  front  of,  select  specifically  that  calendar,  and  then  manually  type  a  new  event.  clunky  and  not  very  fast.  to  get  around  that  i  created  a  simple  web  application  that  binds  into  google  calendar,  and  shows  you  whether  the  meeting  room  is  booked.  plus  with  one  click  it  allows  you  to  book  the  room  for  15,  30  or  60  minutes  depending  on  availability.  the  application  is  open  source  and  available  on  .  an  alternative  front  end  for  google  calendar,  targeted
__label__interactivedisplays at  meeting  rooms  one  click  on  the  button  and  an  appointment  is  created  under  your  own  name.  every  meeting  room  gets  its  own  url,  that  is  bound  to  a  .  to  solve  around  manually  getting  to  a  url,  and  solve  the  discoverability  issue,  there  is  now  ,  which  allows  you  to  broadcast  a  url  over  bluetooth  low  energy.  so  i  got  the  ;  a  dev  kit  with  a  cortex  m0  and  a  bluetooth  chip  on  it,  and  programmed  it  to  .  because  the  low  power  charactaristics  of  ble,  we  can  keep  broadcasting  for  years  on  a  coin  cell.  the  meeting
__label__interactivedisplays room  is  then  discoverable  through  the  physical  web  app  on  and  .  nrf51dk  is  broadcasting  the  url,  android  phone  picking  up  the  signal.  the  dev  board  actually  runs  of  a  coin  cell  and  is  easy  to  program  through  .  although  this  makes  booking  a  lot  easier,  it  can  still  happen  that  a  room  is  booked,  but  noone  actually  showed  up.  wouldnt  it  be  nice  to  have  an  indication  whether  there  is  actually  something  happening  in  the  room?  if  no  movement  was  generated  in  a  booked  room  for  5  minutes,  we  can  just  take  it.  fortunately  we  can  leverage  the  dev
__label__interactivedisplays board  for  this  too.  for  a  few  dollars  you  can  buy  a  that  uses  infrared  to  detect  motion.  the  one  i  picked  up  in  the  local  electronics  store  for  7  euros  has  a  viewport  of  110  degrees,  which  is  more  than  enough  for  our  meeting  room.  also  it  doesnt  have  to  be  a  perfect  sensor,  as  just  detecting  movement  once  every  few  minutes  is  enough.  the  code  is  simple  enough:  now  the  problem  is  how  we  can  send  the  motion  data  to  the  web  application.  protocols  like  cellular  and  wifi  are  both  overkill  in  bandwidth,  as  well  as  very  battery
__label__interactivedisplays inefficient.  one  of  the  techniques  that  were  working  on,  and  that  im  very  excited  about  is  .  kind  of  like  a  cellular  network,  specifically  made  for  iot  purposes.  very  low  datarate,  so  made  to  transmit  sensor  data,  but  also  very  little  battery  usage  and  very  long  range  we  got  to  2km  when  testing  in  downtown  amsterdam.  perfect  for  what  were  trying  to  achieve  here.  as  the  dev  board  does  not  come  with  support  for  lora,  youll  need  to  add  a  shield  first.  unfortunately  its  quite  expensive  at  this  time  80  euros,  but  if  youll  make  a  lot  of  them  you
__label__interactivedisplays can  use  the  raw  chips  and  those  are  a  lot  cheaper  10  euros.  the  shield  fits  nicely  on  the  nordic  board,  and  leaves  you  room  to  fit  the  pir  sensor  in  as  well.  nrf51dk  with  sx1276mb1mas  lora  shield  and  pir  sensor,  running  in  one  of  our  meeting  rooms  ibm  has  a  nice  with  loramacinc,  which  handles  most  of  the  magic  for  you.  only  thing  left  is  to  make  sure  we  broadcast  the  data  from  the  pir  sensor.  for  some  reason  i  cannot  get  the  device  to  broadcast  both  lora  and  ble  at  the  same  time.  if  you  have  any  idea
__label__interactivedisplays whats  wrong,  please  check  .  now  that  were  broadcasting,  well  need  a  way  of  receiving  the  signal.  if  theres  no  lora  provider  around  you  yet,  or  when  you  dont  trust  other  parties  with  your  data,  youll  need  a  base  station.  there  are  1200  euros  that  we  have  in  oslo,  but  in  amsterdam  i  decided  to  with  a  raspberry  pi  2  and  an  imst  ic880a  module.  self  built  lora  gateway  based  on  raspberry  pi  2  and  ic880a.  total  cost  300  euros.  a  gateway  is  not  cheap,  but  the  nice  thing  is  that  if  you  have  one  of  the  big  ones  youll
__label__interactivedisplays just  need  one  or  two  to  cover  your  whole  office  building.  the  biggest  advantage  of  course  is  that  the  device  that  gathers  your  data  like  our  motion  sensor  can  just  run  of  battery.  on  the  gateway  i  run  semtechs  ,  which  just  grabs  all  incoming  data  and  forwards  it  to  one  of  our  servers.  i  then  pump  the  data  into  ,  and  in  the  web  app.  tah  dah,  full  circle  the  data  flowed  from  the  sensor,  over  lora,  to  our  base  station,  to  thingfabric,  ready  to  be  consumed.  it  took  me  about  three  days  to  do  this  whole  setup  from
__label__interactivedisplays scratch,  including  building  the  gateway  and  the  web  app,  and  it  shows  how  easy  it  is  to  build  connected  devices  that  actually  solve  a  problem  in  the  office.  the  coolest  thing  for  me  however,  is  that  itd  be  possible  to  run  the  entire  setup  on  a  small  battery.  both  ble  and  lora  are  made  to  be  very,  very  power  efficient,  and  we  only  need  readings  from  the  pir  sensor  every  few  seconds.  combine  that  with  sending  data  over  lora,  and  we  have  a  device  that  does  not  need  cables,  and  just  needs  to  swap  the  coin  cell  every  few  months.
__label__interactivedisplays video  technology  is  making  it  easier  to  collaborate  and  connect  with  remote  workers  or  vendors  outside  of  your  area.  by  topic:  as  the  world  becomes  increasingly  digital,  communication  technology  is  helping  the  enterprise  bridge  gaps  between  teams  and  vendors.  having  the  right  conference  room  equipment  can  help  boost  collaboration  between  different  offices  or  streamline  processes  and  improve  productivity  for  telecommuters.  but  video  conferencing  technology  can  also  be  tricky  to  use  and  may  not  be  reliable,  potentially  hindering  communication.  this  ebook,  based  on  the  latest  zdnet/techrepublic  special  feature,  explores  ways  companies  are  taking  advantage  of  tech  innovation  to  improve  collaboration,  productivity,
__label__interactivedisplays and  employee  health  and  safety.  when  it  comes  to  conference  calls  and  meetings  today,  email,  web  chat,  and  phone  can  lack  the  visual  cues  and  personal  touch  needed  to  improve  interactions  between  teams  and  even  customer  or  client  satisfaction,  said  elana  anderson,  chief  marketing  officer  at  .  while  the  digital  transformation  of  these  services  has  greatly  improved  efficiency,  that  efficiency  may  have  come  at  the  cost  of  human  relationships  which  is  still  a  vital  component  of  successful  businesses  today.  the  latest  smart  video  technology,  which  focuses  on  realtime  collaboration  and  decreased  setup  pain,  can  help  meetings  run  smoothly  while  saving
__label__interactivedisplays the  company  money.  a  november  report  estimated  that  outdated  conferencing  platforms  cost  companies  a  year.  businesses  could  also  save  upwards  of  a  year  on  business  travel  by  opting  for  video  conferencing.  here  are  11  products  that  can  streamline  video  conferencing  and  boost  collaboration  on  calls.  every  conference  room  needs  something  to  view  content  on,  and  there  are  several  smart  options  to  choose  from.  first  up:  ,  which  was  announced  in  december  2016.  the  jamboard  is  a  55inch  digital  whiteboard  with  a  stylus  and  digital  eraser  for  cloudbased  collaboration.  along  with  wifi  connectivity,  an  hd  camera,  and  builtin  speakers,  the  jamboard
__label__interactivedisplays has  bestinclass  touch  response  time,  according  to  google.  the  board  works  with  g  suite,  so  users  can  pull  up  google  docs  or  sheets  as  part  of  their  meeting  and  work  on  them  together,  in  real  time.  similar  to  the  jamboard,  the  samsung  flip  is  a  digital  whiteboard  where  users  can  make  notes  and  annotate  charts  with  a  smart  stylus.  the  device  has  an  embedded  search  feature  to  efficiently  locate  past  projects,  as  well.  the  main  difference  between  the  flip  and  similar  devices,  according  to  ,  is  the  flips  ability  to  connect  to  other  devices.  either  through  a  usb  connection  or
__label__interactivedisplays wirelessly,  users  can  see  flip  content  on  their  laptop  or  smartphone  and  share  content  from  their  personal  device  to  the  board.  the  samsung  flip  also  has  increased  security  features  to  protect  meeting  data  from  unauthorised  users.  another  in  the  vein  of  the  digital  whiteboard,  the  allows  for  collaboration  via  conferencing  and  brainstorming  in  the  cloud.  like  the  flip,  the  spark  board  has  data  encryption,  but  its  wireless  connection  options  help  it  stand  out.  through  a  series  of  connected  devices,  users  are  able  to  walk  up  to  any  spark  board  in  an  office  and  share  their  work  with  one  click.  a
__label__interactivedisplays users  devices  are  paired  with  all  boards  using  the  platform  and  ultrasound  wireless  pairing  technology,  potentially  saving  time  in  setting  up  meetings  and  impromptu  brainstorm  sessions.  the  is  an  allinone  solution  that  supports  video  conferencing  and  digital  whiteboard  capabilities.  microsoft  looks  to  replace  old  technologies  like  the  conference  phone  hub,  web  cameras,  and  archaic  overhead  projectors  all  technologies  that  have  over  time  become  the  source  of  mockery  and  derision  for  their  less  than  effective  application,  wrote  techrepublics  mark  kaelin  when  the  surface  hub  was  announced  in  2015.  the  hub  supports  several  apps,  including  skype  for  business  and  office  apps,  so
__label__interactivedisplays users  can  pull  up  content  to  discuss  and  work  on  during  a  meeting.  showcased  at  ces  2017,  the  is  ultrathin,  measuring  only  onetenth  of  an  inch  thick.  available  in  65inch  and  77inch  models,  the  tv  attaches  directly  to  the  wall  using  magnetic  brackets.  described  as  a  taste  of  the  future  by  techrepublics  jason  hiner,  it  could  become  a  future  staple  of  conference  rooms.  the  accompanying  sound  bar  features  hdmi  ports  and  connectivity  options  for  video  conferencing.  there  are  multiple  conferencing  tools  outside  of  connected  boards  that  can  help  streamline  meetings.  one  such  product  is  ,  an  owlshaped  360degree  video  camera.
__label__interactivedisplays the  owl  sits  at  the  center  of  a  meeting,  pivoting  to  each  person  as  they  speak.  seeing  each  individual,  as  opposed  to  a  fixed  screen  of  the  full  group,  can  help  the  meeting  feel  more  conversational  for  people  calling  in.  body  language  and  facial  expressions  also  become  clearer,  allowing  for  a  more  personal  experience.  there  are  multiple  options  for  streamlining  conference  room  scheduling,  including  the  epaper  display  tool  .  the  screen  hangs  outside  of  each  meeting  room  and  shows  who  has  it  booked,  or  if  the  room  is  available.  joan  can  keep  everyone  on  the  same  page,  helping  teams  avoid
__label__interactivedisplays lastminute  hustles  to  find  a  spot  for  a  call,  which  could  also  mean  fewer  meeting  delays.  this  enterpriseoriented  voice  assistant  has  that  can  help  meetings  run  smoothly.  alexa  can  find  an  open  conference  room  and  control  equipment  in  the  room,  including  starting  calls  for  participants.  by  leaving  some  of  the  timeconsuming  and  tricky  setup  tasks  to  ,  professionals  can  have  less  stress  about  the  mechanics  of  video  conference  calls  and  focus  more  on  the  content.  the  is  an  allinone  tabletop  solution  that  works  with  any  web  collaboration  platform  or  calling  application.  through  the  device,  all  team  members  can  participate  regardless
__label__interactivedisplays of  what  conferencing  application  theyre  using,  the  company  said.  the  mercury  can  track  room  usage,  book  rooms  for  meetings,  and  also  features  builtin  airmedia  for  wireless  presentations.  for  smaller  businesses  or  larger  ones  looking  to  turn  a  room  into  an  impromptu  meeting  space,  a  wireless,  portable  camera  like  the  could  help  people  connect.  recommended  by  jonathan  treibick,  ceo  of  ,  as  a  cheap  but  effective  tool  to  turn  any  room  into  a  conference  room,  the  device  acts  as  a  camera,  mic,  and  speaker  for  when  a  larger  setup  isnt  available  or  necessary.  smart  windows  that  can  be  adjusted  to  block
__label__interactivedisplays out  light  can  help  prevent  the  sun  from  shining  on  a  screen  during  a  meeting  or  keep  meetings  more  private.  from  glass  apps  is  an  adhesive  product  that  can  adjust  the  opacity  of  glass,  whether  theyre  interior  panels  or  exterior  windows.  when  a  meeting  room  is  not  in  use,  the  film  can  be  turned  off.  by  topic:  collaboration  cloud  innovation  artificial  intelligence  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays 6  13  executive  1  6508980226  meet  joan.  joan  is  the  simplest  solution  for  .  joan  supports  standard  company  calendars.  .  joan  devices  stick  to  any  clean  surface  with  a  magnetic  mount.  completely  wireless,  without  cables  and  installation  costs.  joan  seamlessly  integrates  with  your  office  calendar.  no  additional  knowledge  and  skills  are  needed  to  use  the  device.  advanced  wifi  encryption  and  our  thin  client  device  setup  ensure  that  all  our  devices  comply  with  the  highest  security  standards.  we  are  confident  joan  will  improve  your  scheduling  and  wayfinding  around  the  office.  not  satisfied  with  our  solution?  return  your  device  within  30  days
__label__interactivedisplays and  get  a  full  refund.  over  800,000  users  in  many  fortune  500  companies  already  use  joan  daily.  a  new  era  of  workplace  transformation  is  upon  us.  rapid  advancements  in  office  technology  enable  dynamic  working  modes,  increasing  flexibility,  collaboration,  and  connectivity.  joan  quickly  find  and  schedule  everything  you  might  need  in  an  office.  book  and  manage  your  office  spaces  with  ease.  300,000  are  lost  loooking  for  a  place  to  meet  in  an  average  smb  each  year.  joan  takes  your  meeting  culture  to  the  next  level,  adopts  your  company  logo,  style,  and  language  in  no  time.  1,400  meeting  hours  near  70,000  are
__label__interactivedisplays lost  each  year  due  to  unattended  meetings  in  an  average  smb.  joan  detects  and  eliminates  any  unattended  meetings,  uncluttering  your  calendar  and  freeing  up  space  and  time.  30,000  per  employee  in  an  average  smb  are  lost  each  year  to  meeting  interruptions.  discover  7  innovative  ways  to  book  meetings.  intuitive  checkins  and  more.  joan  supports  standard  company  calendars.  connect  joan  to  external  services  set  up  new  functionalities.  send  people  a  welcome  email  with  useful  information  about  meeting  and  more.  see  how  joan  has  helped  others  to  improve  their  workplace.  .
__label__interactivedisplays 0  open  image  tooltip  citrix  works  with  organizations  around  the  world  to  ensure  the  secure  delivery  of  apps  and  data  to  any  device  on  any  network.  as  a  result,  the  organization  has  spent  decades  researching  and  observing  the  and  how  technology  can  help.  360  spoke  to  steve  wilson,  vice  president  of  product  for  citrix  cloud  and  iot,  about  his  teams  perspective  on  how  advancements  in  technology,  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  the  cloud  impact  the  ways  people  work  and  their  workplace.  how  does  citrix  view  the  way  iot  and  technology  are  changing  the  process  of  work?  iot  unlocks  many
__label__interactivedisplays exciting  opportunities,  because  it  helps  connect  people  and  things.  the  implications  for  business  productivity  are  tremendous  when  we  can  integrate  technology  and  the  workplace  to  improve  the  experience  for  people  at  work.  at  citrix,  weve  been  working  with  several  of  our  customers  on  iot  projects  as  well  using  in  our  own  work  environments.  for  example,  we  have  rolled  out  smart  conference  rooms,  which  turn  the  average  conference  room  into  a  smart  workspace  that  knows  what  you  want  to  do  and  automatically  does  it  for  you.  its  simple  for  the  user,  but  technologically  very  sophisticated.  the  smart  conference  room  bridges  the
__label__interactivedisplays physical  devices  in  the  room  like  screen,  lighting  and  speakerphone  with  your  existing  it  infrastructure  such  as  citrix  xenapp,  microsoft  active  directory  and  microsoft  exchange  to  get  multilocation  meetings  and  presentations  started  much  more  quickly  eliminating  all  the  repetitive  and  errorprone  typical  meeting  start  up  procedures.  we  estimate  were  saving  between  50  and  100  in  previously  lost  worker  productivity  for  every  meeting  that  incorporates  this  technology.  how  does  citrix  integrate  technology  and  the  work  environment?  at  citrix,  product  design  related  to  iot  is  all  about  the  user  experience.  we  are  building  technology,  but  in  the  end,  it  is  about  bringing
__label__interactivedisplays people  contextually  appropriate  experiences  to  make  their  lives  better.  iot  is  not  an  isolated  thing  or  a  trend.  iot  concepts  are  being  integrated  into  all  citrix  products.  from  a  design  perspective,  design  isnt  limited  to  the  screen  in  front  of  you.  in  fact,  it  is  the  culmination  of  all  of  the  screens  a  human  interacts  with,  whether  its  a  mobile  device  or  laptop,  and  it  is  not  static,  but  rather  it  moves  with  you.  if  you  have  to  move  from  a  large  team  meeting  where  you  are  reviewing  a  concept  to  a  small  group  space  where  you  are  experimenting  or
__label__interactivedisplays prototyping  that  concept,  you  shouldnt  lose  access  to  your  information  or  work  tools.  you  should  always  be  able  to  stay  in  flow  and  continue  to  make  progress  on  your  work.  how  will  iot  change  the  way  people  work  in  the  office?  its  already  changing  the  way  we  work  today,  but  well  see  a  more  dramatic  shift  as  we  progress  through  what  i  call  the  fourth  generation  user  interface.  were  used  to  having  a  myriad  of  apps  and  accessing  them  through  glass  screens  on  our  mobile  devices  or  laptops.  now  with  the  advance  of  iot  and  progressive  technology  such  as  augmented
__label__interactivedisplays reality  ar  and  virtual  reality  vr,  these  applications  are  going  to  interact  with  the  physical  environment  in  new  ways.  technology  is  definitely  changing  the  way  we  work  in  the  office  and  the  physical  environments  of  our  offices  themselves.  were  already  seeing  an  effort  underway  to  measure  how  people  use  the  office  and  what  kinds  of  tools  they  need  to  do  their  best  work.  iot  embedded  in  the  workplace  can  deliver  immediate  data  about  what  rooms  people  are  choosing  and  which  ones  stay  empty.  do  people  want  video  conferencing  or  certain  types  of  technology  to  do  their  work?  when  we  start
__label__interactivedisplays to  understand  what  people  need,  we  can  create  better  workplaces  and  better  tools  to  help  them  do  their  best  work.  how  do  you  see  technology  changing  work  processes  for  individuals?  steve:  the  environment  can  start  to  use  more  and  more  context  about  users  and  their  habits  to  accelerate  productivity.  systems  will  use  context  about  a  users  identity,  location  and  applications  to  offer  tools  and  options  before  the  enduser  even  thinks  to  request  them.  by  leveraging  iot  sensor  data,  network  telemetry  and  machine  learning  youll  see  your  work  environment  anticipate  user  needs.  how  can  technology  in  the  workplace  improve  collaboration?  its
__label__interactivedisplays clear  that  expertise  doesnt  just  exist  in  an  office,  theres  a  vast  array  of  work  that  happens  outside  of  the  physical  workspace.  there  are  statistics  that  showcase  businesses  are  using  an  inordinate  amount  of  technology  to  bring  people  together  in  the  virtual  sense  for  example,  video  conferencing  enables  seamless  work  from  locations  across  the  world.  flex  work  is  on  the  rise,  but  that  doesnt  mean  that  these  workers  have  to  be  isolated.  video  conferencing,  moving  services  to  the  cloud,  being  able  to  access  data  and  files  through  file  sharing  technology  and  the  cloud  contribute  to  a  more  collaborative  workspace.  this
__label__interactivedisplays is  also  affecting  the  physical  space.  were  seeing  more  open  floor  plan  offices  with  sound  proofed  spaces  and  office  iot  for  full  connectivity.  theres  a  focus  on  technologyenabled  human  interaction  between  employees  and  virtual  technology  for  immersive  collaboration.  what  do  you  see  as  the  at  work?  a  workspace  is  no  longer  just  a  desk,  computer  and  printer.  the  21st  century  workplace  includes  evolving  interactions  between  people,  technologies  and  spaces.  businesses  are  looking  for  help  in  creating  a  flexible,  agile  workspace  to  support  work  that  will  continuously  adapt.  todays  employees  need  a  simple  way  to  access  all  the  apps,  desktops,  files
__label__interactivedisplays and  networks  they  depend  on  to  be  productive.  it  needs  a  simple  way  to  design,  deploy  and  manage  the  conditions  that  grant  contextual  access.  and  businesses  need  a  virtual  perimeter  around  it  all,  locking  the  data  in  and  the  bad  guys  out.  for  more  information  about  how  the  role  of  the  it  professional  is  changing  and  the  impact  on  the  work  environment,  read  in  360  magazine.  steve  wilson  is  responsible  for  overall  strategy,  vision  and  product  management  for  how  citrix  moves  product  lines  and  customers  to  the  cloud.  wilsons  team  adds  advanced  analytics,  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  iot  capabilities  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  cloud  offerings  to  create  the  most  advanced  cloud  for  powering  companys  digital  workspaces.  already  have  a  steelcase  account  or  want  to  sign  up?  more  collaboration  and  lack  of  meeting  space  is  raising  the  importance  of  wayfinding  and  room  scheduling  systems.  steelcase  joined  anker  on  stage  in  new  york  to  share  its  vision  for  the  future  of  power  in  the  workplace.  flexibility,  mobility,  choice  and  comfort  are  expectations  of  todays  workforce.  informal,  casual  meeting  nooks,  cafs,  lounges  and  outdoor  spaces  continue  to  dislodge  traditional  work  environments  such  as  benches  and  workstations,  as  more  and  more  employers  recognize  that  inspiring  work
__label__interactivedisplays environments  attract  top  performers  and  fuel  creativity  and  innovation.  we  would  love  to  hear  from  you  contact  us  for  sales  requests,  career  information,  investor  relations,  corporate  information,  or  general  questions.  1996  2019  steelcase  inc.  is  the  global  leader  in  office  furniture,  interior  architecture  and  space  solutions  for  offices,  hospitals  and  classrooms.  our  furniture  is  inspired  by  innovative  research  in  workspace  design.
__label__interactivedisplays we  truly  apologize  that  this  error  has  occurred.  we  take  these  matters  very  seriously  and  ask  for  your  help  in  notifying  us  of  the  problem.  please  email  us  at  digitalsecurityavnet.com,  using  reference  number:  thank  you  in  advance  for  your  assistance  in  resolving  this  issue.  avnet  customer  care
__label__interactivedisplays menu  menu  posted  on:  june  27,  2017  optimizing  your  business  processesand  achieving  your  goalscan  be  easier.  with  our  team  of  experts,  from  designers  to  architects,  youll  gain  the  technologyexperience,  dedication,  and  knowhow  that  your  business  needs.  propel  your  business  with  todays  software  san  diego,  ca  2310  camino  vida  roble,  suite  101  carlsbad,  ca  92011  2900  bristol  street,  suite  h106  costa  mesa,  ca  92626  sales:  support:  general:  2019  fmt  consultants,  llc.
__label__interactivedisplays this  system  pncd701  includes  a  next  generation  4k  70  class  69.5  diagonal  interactive  display,  builtin  microphone,  4k  camera  and  iot  sensor  hub  that  works  seamlessly  with  the  best  microsoft  365  collaboration  tools.  its  all  backed  by  the  cloud  to  deliver  outstanding  ease  of  use  and  enable  the  continual  analysis  of  meeting  room  conditions  and  usage.  save  up  to  10  minutes  by  simply  entering  a  room  and  plugging  in  a  laptop  computer  via  usbc  cable  the  connector  provides  highspeed,  highbandwidth  data  transfer  for  multiple  functions,  including  4k  video,  internet  network  and  application  data.  in  addition,  a  wireless  casing  allows  windows  and
__label__interactivedisplays android  devices  to  share  information  as  well.  total  economic  impact  study,  forrester  consulting,  february  2016.  builtin  sensors  connecting  to  the  microsoft  azure  digital  twins  iot  platform  and  other  commercially  available  cloud  services,  such  as  ,  can  help  provide  a  more  comfortable,  energyefficient  meeting.  this  includes:  its  intelligent  climate  measurement  can  be  used  by  an  ai  service  to  automatically  regulate  the  room  temperature  and  relative  humidity  to  make  the  room  feel  from  comfortable.  a  motion  sensor  can  detect  the  presence  of  any  people  in  the  room  and  an  ai  service  can  analyze  this  data  and  count  the  number  of  people.  additionally,
__label__interactivedisplays an  ai  service  can  detect  the  location  of  whoever  is  speaking  and  control  a  threedimensional  microphone  array  to  focus  on  the  relevant  person.  levels  of  air  quality  and  temperature  in  the  meeting  room  can  be  measured  and  can  assist  another  ai  service  to  automatically  adjust  the  air  conditioning  to  provide  the  best  possible  working  environment.  an  ambient  light  sensor  helps  with  intelligent  lighting  control,  as  it  automatically  measures  the  level  of  light.an  ai  service  could  then  adjust  the  inroom  lighting  system  with  changing  day  and  night  conditions,  which  can  reduce  eye  strain  and  may  save  money  on  wasted  energy.  provides
__label__interactivedisplays a  more  accurate  and  natural  feel.  to  write  as  you  would  with  a  marker  on  a  flipchart  or  whiteboard.  with  no  training  or  technical  distractions.  additionally,  windows  collaboration  display  is  skype  for  business  certified  and  offers  the  highestquality  audio  and  video  and  provides  the  best  ways  to  connect  and  collaborate  using  the  power  and  productivity  of  microsoft  365  at  room  scale.  it  includes  microsoft  teams,  a  complete  chat,  notes,  attachments  and  online  meetings  solution  that  allows  everyone  to  feel  as  if  they  are  in  the  same  room,  even  when  working  remotely.  the  mentioned  software  and  services  are  available  as  an
__label__interactivedisplays additional  purchase  and  are  not  included  in  shipping  with  the  windows  collaboration  display.  the  interactive  display  has  an  attractive  and  elegant  edgetoedge  design  that  looks  great  in  even  the  most  prestigious  corporate  boardroom.  this  includes  discretely  located  buttons,  as  well  as  integrated  4k  camera  iot  sensor  and  microphone.  signup  for  updates  on  the  availability  of  the  windows  collaboration  display  from  sharp.
__label__interactivedisplays have  an  account?  need  an  account?  the  cisco  webex  room  series  is  fully  integrated  with  the  webex  platform.  these  intelligent  video  collaboration  systems  bring  your  meeting  rooms  to  life.  whether  you  are  redesigning  your  conference  rooms  or  simply  adding  huddle  spaces,  the  webex  room  series  has  videoconferencing  solutions  to  meet  your  needs.  chat  live  with  a  cisco  representative  cisco:  get  an  overview  of  new  features  and  capabilities  available  for  your  cisco  webex  registered  room  and  desk  devices,  and  for  webex  boards.  check  out  our  entire  portfolio  of  collaboration  devices  designed  for  small  meeting  spaces.  the  webex  board  is  more  than
__label__interactivedisplays a  digital  whiteboard.  learn  how  your  room  system  integrates  with  the  webex  board.  gain  access  to  our  quickstart  adoption  guides  customized  for  onpremises  and  cloud  deployments.  are  you  a  cisco  partner?  to  see  additional  resources.  looking  for  a  solution  from  a  cisco  partner?  connect  with  our  .
__label__interactivedisplays have  an  account?  need  an  account?  chat  live  with  a  cisco  representative  cisco:  twitter  linkedin  facebook  email  the  cisco  webex  board  is  an  allinone  device  that  provides  everything  you  need  to  collaborate  with  your  teamsin  physical  meeting  rooms.  you  can  wirelessly  present,  white  board,  and  have  video  and  audio  calls.  anditsecurely  connects  to  your  virtual  teams  through  the  cisco  webex  service,  via  your  cisco  webex  teams  appenabled  devices,  so  you  can  take  your  meetings  and  content  on  the  road.  white  boarding  capability  on  the  cisco  webex  board  55  the  cisco  webex  board  revolutionizes  the  way  we  work  by  combining  key
__label__interactivedisplays requirements  for  team  collaboration  in  the  physical  meeting  room  into  a  single  device  and  connects  it  to  the  cloud  for  continuous  workflow.  its  a  wireless  presentation  screen,  a  digital  whiteboard,  and  an  audio  and  video  conferencing  system,  all  in  one.  the  webex  board  helps  teams  collaborate  in  physical  meeting  rooms,  but  also  securely  connects  to  virtual  meeting  spaces  to  facilitate  continuous  workflow  before,  during,  and  after  everyone  has  left  the  physical  conference  room.  the  cisco  webex  board  draws  its  power  from  the  cisco  webex  service,  which  combines  meeting,  messaging,  calling,  and  new  white  boarding  capabilities  on  any  webex  teams  appenabled
__label__interactivedisplays device.  registration  to  the  cisco  webex  in  the  cloud  lets  you  store  everything  created  on  the  webex  board  directly  in  the  cloud  and  associate  it  to  a  virtual  webex  teams  space,  so  you  can  take  your  work  wherever  you  go.  the  webex  board  solution  offers  an  integrated,  secure,  and  comprehensive  lifecycle  approach  to  teamwork  that  is  as  yet  unimagined,  and  thus  unmatched,  by  any  other  solution  on  the  market.  the  cisco  webex  board  55  is  a  fully  selfcontained  system  on  a  highresolution  4k  55inch  led  screen.  with  an  integrated  4k  camera,  embedded  microphones,  and  a  capacitive  touch  interface,  the  board
__label__interactivedisplays brings  intelligence,  style,  and  usability  to  meeting  rooms,  from  small  to  large.  designed  with  minimal  wires  for  simplicity  and  elegance,  ciscos  latest  collaboration  device  allows  wireless  sharing  and  wifi  connectivity.  the  system  is  also  touchbased  for  easy  and  rich  team  collaboration.  not  only  is  the  webex  board  beautiful  to  behold  and  effortless  to  use,  it  is  also  affordable  to  acquire  and  easy  to  install  and  deploy,  so  that  it  can  be  a  fixture  in  all  of  your  conference  rooms.  the  webex  board  is  the  latest  addition  to  the  portfolio  of  cisco  video  and  audio  conferencing  devices  that  register  to  cisco
__label__interactivedisplays webex,  including  the  and  80,  the  cisco  and  series,  and  the  cisco  ip  phone  and  series.  video  conferencing  on  the  cisco  webex  board  feature  benefit  wireless  presentation  digital  whiteboard  audio/video  conferencing  industrial  design  usability  continuous  workflow  intelligent  views  intelligent  audio  intelligent  proximity  cisco  webex  proximity  and  ultrasound  pairing  technology  enable  the  following:  the  power  of  cisco  webex  enables  continuous  teamwork  the  cisco  webex  board  is  revolutionary  in  its  capability,  usability,  and  design,  but  the  ability  to  connect  teams  beyond  the  physical  meeting  room  is  thanks  to  the  power  of  cisco  webex.  the  consistency,  simplicity,  and  reliability  of  experience  across  the
__label__interactivedisplays webex  board  and  the  webex  teams  app  is  made  possible  by  these  key  features  of  cisco  webex:  cloud  based:  the  webex  board  is  registered  and  delivered  simply  and  securely  with  endtoend  encryption  to  the  cloud  and  offered  on  a  subscription  basis,  so  you  can  add  or  update  services  automatically  or  on  demand.  app  based:  once  they  are  shared  or  created  on  the  webex  board  and  associated  with  a  webex  teams  virtual  space,  content  and  messages  live  persistently  and  can  be  accessed  from  any  mobile  device  laptop,  smartphone,  tablet  on  the  webex  teams  app  from  wherever  you  are.  this  means  work
__label__interactivedisplays and  knowledge  can  be  transferred  seamlessly  from  one  team  member  to  the  next,  from  one  time  zone  to  another.  activity  based:  the  capabilities  you  enjoy  on  the  webex  board  meeting,  calling,  messaging,  and  white  boarding  are  the  same  capabilities  you  will  experience  on  the  webex  teams  app.  so,  you  can  start  your  work  on  the  webex  board  and  continue  on  your  personal  and  mobile  devices,  or  vice  versa.  product  family  platforms  supported  cisco  webex  board  requires  activation  and  connection  to  cisco  webex  in  the  cloud  license  level  term  cisco  webex  device  subscription  monthly  or  1,  2,  3,  4,  or  5year
__label__interactivedisplays options  type  specifications  software  cisco  webex  board  os,  provisioned  by  the  cisco  webex  in  the  cloud  components  fully  integrated  unit  is  delivered  with:  display  user  interface  inputs  and  outputs  camera  overview  audio  system  network  user  controls  language  support  physical  dimensions  hxwxd  weight  physical  dimensions  and  weight  of  packaging  hxwxd  main  unit  floor  stand  new  design  wall  stand  new  design  wall  mount  kit  cisco  webex  board  and  the  selected  mounting  option  will  be  shipped  in  a  consolidation  pack  on  a  pallet.  the  dimensions  above  describe  each  of  the  individual  boxes  within  the  consolidation  packaging.  power  system  management  cisco  webex  board  is
__label__interactivedisplays managed  in  the  administrator  portal  in  cisco  webex,  giving  system  status  and  overview,  activation,  configuration,  metrics,  and  troubleshooting.  operating  temperature  and  humidity  0  to  35c  32  to  95f  at  relative  humidity  10  to  90  noncondensing  approvals  and  compliance  please  check  product  approval  status  database  for  approval  documents  per  country.  system  requirements  bandwidth  requirements  minimum  bandwidth:  maximum  bandwidth:  video  inputs  1  hdmi  for  local  presentation  or  sharing  in  meetings  supports  formats  up  to  maximum  4k  3840  x  2160  frame  rate  of  60  fps  for  up  to  1080p  and  30  fps  for  2160p  extended  display  identification  data  edid  presentation  capabilities  live  video
__label__interactivedisplays resolutions  encode/decode  main  video  and  presentation  sharing  main  video:  presentation  sharing:  audio  features  the  cisco  webex  board  requires  activation  and  connection  with  cisco  webex  service.  without  an  active  subscription,  it  can  be  used  only  for  local  presentations  using  hdmi.  cisco  webex  board  product  name  product  number  compliance  model  number  cisco  webex  board  55:  subscription  pricing  msrp  for  cloud  registration  cisco  webex  board  55:  upfront  pricing  gpl  cisco  webex  board  55  floor  stand  new  design:  subscription  pricing  msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  floor  stand  new  design:  upfront  pricing  gpl  sparkboard55fs  csboard55fs  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  stand  new  design:  subscription  pricing
__label__interactivedisplays msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  stand  new  design:  upfront  pricing  gpl  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  mount  kit:  subscription  pricing  msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  mount  kit:  upfront  pricing  gpl  sparkboard55wmk  csboard55wmk  msrp  manufacturers  suggested  retail  price  gpl  global  price  list  cisco  webex  board  spares  product  name  product  number  compliance  model  number  cisco  webex  board  55  spare:  msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  spare:  gpl  sparkboard55  csboard55  cisco  webex  board  55  floor  stand  new  design  spare:  msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  floor  stand  new  design  spare:  gpl  sparkboard55fs  csboard55fs  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  stand  new  design  spare:  msrp
__label__interactivedisplays cisco  webex  board  55  wall  stand  new  design  spare:  gpl  sparkboard55ws  csboard55ws  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  mount  kit  spare:  msrp  cisco  webex  board  55  wall  mount  kit  spare:  gpl  sparkboard55wmk  csboard55wmk  cisco  webex  board  pens  3x  spare  sparkboardpen3x  cisco  webex  board  subscription  product  name  product  number  cisco  webex  board  subscription:  msrp  aspkshndbrd  cisco  webex  board  subscription:  gpl  aspkshndsr  the  cisco  webex  board  55  has  a  90day  limited  liability  warranty.  information  about  ciscos  environmental  sustainability  policies  and  initiatives  for  our  products,  solutions,  operations,  and  extended  operations  or  supply  chain  is  provided  in  the  environment  sustainability  section  of  ciscos  csr  report.
__label__interactivedisplays reference  links  toinformation  about  key  environmental  sustainability  topicsmentioned  in  the  environment  sustainability  section  of  the  csr  report  are  provided  in  the  following  table:  sustainability  topic  reference  information  on  product  material  content  laws  and  regulations  information  on  electronic  waste  laws  and  regulations,  including  products,  batteries,  and  packaging  cisco  makes  the  packaging  data  available  for  informational  purposes  only.  it  may  not  reflect  the  most  current  legal  developments,  and  cisco  does  not  represent,  warrant,  or  guarantee  that  it  is  complete,  accurate,  or  up  to  date.  this  information  is  subject  to  change  without  notice.  cisco  and  our  partners  provide  a  broad  portfolio  of  smart,
__label__interactivedisplays personalized  services  and  support  that  can  help  you  realize  the  full  business  value  of  your  cisco  collaboration  investment  by  increasing  business  agility  and  network  availability.  this  portfolio  of  services  accelerates  business  innovation  by  harnessing  the  network  as  a  powerful  business  platform.  for  more  information  about  these  services,  please  visit:  .  flexible  payment  solutions  to  help  you  achieve  your  objectives.  cisco  capital  makes  it  easier  to  get  the  right  technology  to  achieve  your  objectives,  enable  business  transformation  and  help  you  stay  competitive.  we  can  help  you  reduce  the  total  cost  of  ownership,  conserve  capital,  and  accelerate  growth.  in  more  than  100
__label__interactivedisplays visix  meetingminder  room  signs  show  schedules  and  digital  signage  content  for  a  onestop  info  display.  easily  integrate  with  exchange,  ems,  google  and  other  popular  calendar  apps,  and  book  rooms  right  at  the  sign  without  worrying  about  doublebookings.  gogets  awardwinning  range  of  meeting  room  display  systems  set  the  standard  for  easy  to  use  room  scheduling  help  millions  of  users  daily.  it  integrates  seamlessly  with  outlook,  exchange,  office  365  g  suite  without  extra  server  software  or  plugins.  joan  is  a  costeffective  product  line  of  meeting  room  scheduling  solutions  from  visionect,  helping  modern,  busy  workplaces  be  more  productive.  joans  extreme  battery  life  of
__label__interactivedisplays weeks,  simple  installation  and  quiet  elegance  have  earned  international  awards.  take  control  of  your  meeting  spaces  with  reserva  room  signage.  avoid  the  confusion  and  frustration  caused  by  double  bookings  and  reduce  waste  caused  by  under  utilised  meeting  spaces.  reserva  can  be  installed  as  a  standalone  room  signage  platform  as  par  style.  flexibility.  intelligence.  looking  for:  stylish  display  frames  to  fit  dcor?  elegant,  enterprisetested,  editable  templates?  mobile  tools  to  see  manage  signs  from  anywhere?  powerful  insights  into  facility  performance?  find  it  at  pi  iadea  xds2288  22  touch  touchenabled  allinone  digital  meeting  room  door  sign  is  part  of  iadea  smart  workplace  series
__label__interactivedisplays which  incorporates  a  robust  design  and  commercial  functionality  into  a  valuepack  interactive  digital  signage  solution.  condeco  connect,  the  sleek  meeting  room  digital  signage  solution,  with  cloudbased  software  connected  to  microsoft  outlook  and  google  calendars,  as  well  mobile  app  booking  functionality,  turning  your  meeting  room  booking  spaces  into  smart  spaces.  audience.calendar  displays  by  capital  networks  provide  instant  visibility  of  room  status  in  public  areas,  and  can  tie  into  a  broader  digital  signage  platform.  displays  are  updated  via  microsoft  or  google  calendars,  minimizing  training  and  programming.  room  scheduler  tablet  panel  display  enterprise  grade;  developerfriendly:  builtin  and  custom  development  interface  rs232,rs485,  gpio;  syncdisplay
__label__interactivedisplays is  the  epaper  display,  also  known  as  the  electronic  ink  display  device  technologies  that  mimic  the  appearance  of  printed  material  on  paper.  syncdisplay  integrates  with  google  calendar,  g  suites,  office  365,  or  exchange.  and  we  also  provide  the  open  sdk/api  so  its  possible  to  integrate  with  other  systems.  the  connection  via  wireless  mesh  networkwmn,  which  is  more  private  and  consumes  much  less  power.  zonifero  is  a  comprehensive  proptech  solution  that  makes  properties  and  offices  labor  and  costefficient  by  fusing  automation,  ai  and  iot.  we  manage  room  reservations,  virtual  lobby,  hotdesks,  building  mapping,  list  of  employees,  onboarding  and  many  more.  business
__label__interactivedisplays octane  is  one  of  the  best  and  most  reputed  companies  which  have  a  team  of  highly  experienced  professionals  who  provide  you  with  a  comprehensive  range  of  collaborative  learning  and  ultraimmersive  video  collaboration  solutions.  slate106  is  a  6  extrathin  epaper  screen  dedicated  to  digital  signage.  it  can  receive  4grayscale  images  via  a  usb  host  or  an  hub  smh300  with  an  html5  application  that  can  retrieve  display  information  from  a  corporate  directory  or  from  a  software  that  manages  meeting  rooms  resources  msexchange,  gsuite,  lotus  domino  and  more.  there  is  an  integrated  nfc  /  mifare  badge  reader.  it  possesses  3  touch  keys  checkin
__label__interactivedisplays /  checkout  for  example.  it  is  autonomous  for  more  than  3  years  with  5  refreshments  per  day.  integrated  in  x2o  medias  overall  signage  and  collaboration  room  solution,  the  x2o  meeting  room  sign  supports  employee  communication  at  the  meeting  room  entry  and  supports  the  everyday  employee  task  of  checking  room  availability.  the  meeting  room  sign  also  allows  users  to  communicate  messages  which  can  be  read  while  people  wait  for  their  meeting  to  start.  toy  factory  meeting  machines  conference  room  door  displays  are  targeted  at  companies  that  do  not  want  to  support  arm/android  behind  their  firewall  the  meeting  machines  displays  ship  with
__label__interactivedisplays win  10  iot,  or  load  your  on  windows  stack.  simple  meeting  by  kharma  is  a  meeting  sign  without  all  the  features  you  dont  need.  it  simply  pulls  data  from  your  calendar  and  displays  todays  meeting  on  your  screen  all  in  one  app  solution  to  manage  meeting  rooms,  fixed  desks,  soft  seating,  and  sitstand  desks.  bridge  the  gap  between  digital  and  physical  activity  based  workplace,  and  make  the  most  of  your  office  space.  open  source  and  free  meeting  room  display  system  for  cloud  and  onpremises  meetingroomapp  is  a  modern  and  globally  renowned  booking  system  for  ipads  and  android  devices.  its  unique
__label__interactivedisplays functions  and  simple  use  make  organizing  and  scheduling  meetings  easier  than  ever  before.  our  shared  resource  scheduling  suite  makes  meeting  room  management  and  scheduling  a  breeze.  quickly  find,  reserve,  and  use  conference  rooms,  shared  workspaces,  parking  spots,  a/v  equipment,  conference  lines,  and  more,  all  across  multiple  locations.  display  the  schedule  of  meeting  rooms  on  a  tablet  door  display.  install  the  android  app,  connect  to  your  calendar  and  start  operating  your  display  in  5  minutes.  no  server  setup.  syncs  with  exchange,  o365  and  google  calendar.  surface  mount  provides  a  way  to  elegantly  mount  ipad  on  any  surface,  keeping  it  always  charged
__label__interactivedisplays and  secure  from  theft.  surface  mount  combines  technology  and  design  to  function  as  an  onwall  home  for  ipad  inside  of  outside  the  conference  room.  enplug  lets  you  show  beautiful  calendars  with  overview  and  singleevent  mode  along  with  our  other  apps  for  displays  like  live  social  media  and  news  feeds,  metrics  dashboards,  employee  recognition,  and  announcements.  updates  from  google  calendar.  feature  rich  and  easy  to  use,  beautiful  today  is  part  of  a  suite  of  integrated  solutions  that  helps  you  and  your  organization  get  more  out  of  your  space  and  create  a  happier  environment.  start  with  a  few  displays  and  upgrade  easily
__label__interactivedisplays as  your  needs  change.  agilquest:  saas  multitenant  aws.  easy  to  use  implement  in  days,  any  assets,  consumption  pricing.  onboard:  onprem  or  hosted.  full  function  hoteling,  meeting/event/room,  space,  visitors,  freeaddress,  smart  building,  utilization  analytics  with  meeting4display,  users  can  now  book  a  room  directly  from  the  interactive  touch  screen  or  through  their  organizations  calendar  system.  whether  it  is  a  few  rooms  or  hundreds,  equipping  them  is  possible  thanks  to  its  simple  and  scalable  infrastructure.  hardwareindependent,  meeting4display  runs  on  android  displays.  yarooms  is  an  endtoend  room  booking  system  designed  for  speed,  simplicity  and  performance.  the  fastest  way  to  add  a  meeting  room  display
__label__interactivedisplays to  office  365  outlook.  then  just  29  /  year  for  unlimited  displays.  compatible  with  office  365,  outlook,  and  outlook  web  access.  selfservice  easy  to  setup.  30  day  free  trial  available.  screenly  is  the  leading  digital  signage  solution  for  the  raspberry  pi.  in  addition  to  supporting  images,  web  pages  and  videos,  screenly  also  integrates  with  nexudus,  a  popular  shared  office  management  software.  schedulla  is  an  innovative  app  that  takes  care  of  meetings.  its  just  a  few  taps  on  a  smartphone  or  a  tablet  to  display  basic  info  about  the  meeting  on  a  screen  by  the  meeting  room  door  and  to  invite
__label__interactivedisplays your  coworkers  to  it.  arrive  infopoint  is  a  room  signage,  schedule  reservation  system  rolled  into  1  package.  this  integrated  solution  lets  users  reserve  directly  on  devices,  by  browser,  or  using  calendar  and  mailbox  apps.  works  with  standalone  software  or  with  a  server  app.  providing  users  with  a  standalone  set  of  features  that  allows  the  management  of  meeting  room  displays  via  the  built  in  online  calendar  or  office  365  outlook  calendar.  create  multiple  room  booking  systems  for  different  locations,  add  rooms  and  associate  displays  to  each  room  loopmeeting  10inch  meeting  room  panel  with  customizable  background  and  logo.  full  control  over  meeting
__label__interactivedisplays room  schedule  at  your  fingertips.  book  instant  meetings,  end  meeting  early  to  free  the  room.  view  full  schedule  of  the  current  room  and  other  rooms  in  the  vicinity.  free  calendar  widget  with  a  range  of  dynamic  html5  templates  for  use  on  signagelive  managed  displays  and  players.  managing  conference  meeting  facilities  requires  indepth  management,  as  meeting  rooms,  events  bookings  change  on  a  daily  or  even  hourly  basis.  you  need  smart,  flexible  solutions  to  keep  up,  and  with  pads4  software,  you  can  achieve  this  more.  the  prodvx  appc10dsqpl  is  a  perfect  display  for  room  signage.  this  10  android  display  has  power  over
__label__interactivedisplays ethernet  and  side  led  color  bars.  those  lights  indicate,  at  a  glance,  if  meeting  rooms  are  booked  or  free.  book  meetings  on  the  spot  or  from  outlook.  flexible  room  reservation/signage  system.  also  possible  to  use  as  touchscreen  for  amx,  extron,  crestron,  knx  and  hue.  the  eventboard  platform  simplifies  meeting  scheduling,  streamlines  conference  room  and  resource  booking,  and  improves  overall  meeting  effectiveness  all  aspects  of  business  that  have  long  been  recognized  as  hurdles  to  productivity.  the  touchone  is  a  multilingual  meeting  room  reservation  system  for  boardrooms,  lecture  rooms,  conference  rooms,  auditoriums,  sports  facilities,  class  rooms  any  other  meeting  places.  no  expert
__label__interactivedisplays knowledge  is  necessary  as  the  installation  is  quick  easy.  appspace  is  a  simple  scalable  platform  for  sharing  information  on  tvs,  computers  and  mobile  devices.  we  help  organizations  communicate  with  their  workforce  through  digital  signage,  video  walls,  iptv,  kiosks,  room  booking,  dashboards,  and  mobile  devices.  room  signage  systems  gmbh  offers  door  signage  based  on  epaper  using  a  patented  wireless  technology,  which  is  already  widely  used  throughout  industry  and  in  commerce.  taitori  reserve  smart  meeting  room  managers  webbooking  software  provides  optimizes  your  meeting  rooms.  you  can  monitor  your  meeting  room  usage  rate  meetings  quality  publish  unused  spaces  to  a  central  marketplace.  reduce
__label__interactivedisplays costs  and  simplify  room  scheduling  with  meetingplanner,  the  most  complete  microsoft  outlook  and  exchange  integrated,  mobile  device,  digital  signage  and  web  based  room  booking  software  available.  our  software  is  hardware  independent.  td1050  is  an  intuitive  meeting  room  booking  system  that  solves  the  dilemma  of  connecting  workers  to  meeting  spaces.  it  offers  an  interactive  10  touch  screen  display  with  three  sided  indication  lights  providing  realtime  meeting  information  right  outside  the  room.  status  lights  display  the  availability  of  the  space.  td1050  can  seamlessly  book  rooms  with  an  existing  reservation  system  such  as  microsoft  outlook,  ibm  notes,  google  calendar  or  other  software  systems.
__label__interactivedisplays td1050  is  designed  for  ease  of  installation  with  its  power  over  ethernet  support.  user  identification  is  possible  with  the  unique  nfc  /  rfid  technology.  digital  sign  service  lets  you  seamlessly  integrate  your  digital  signs  with  the  microsoft  exchange  platform.  book  a  meeting  in  microsoft  outlook  and  the  information  is  automatically  displayed  on  the  digital  sign  outside  the  meeting  room.  if  the  meeting  room  is  available,  book  an  instant  meeting  at  the  door  sign  and  have  it  automatically  updated  in  microsoft  outlook  and  exchange.  with  digital  sign  service,  you  are  able  to  see  if  the  room  is  in  use,  view  todays
__label__interactivedisplays upcoming  meetings  as  well  as  book,  extend,  and  end  meetings  directly  at  the  door  sign.  bookit  provides  scheduling  of  any  room  on  the  network  from  the  sleek  panel,  mobile  device  or  computer.  it  is  directly  integrated  with  ms  exchange,  office  365  and  g  suite,  so  no  additional  server  is  needed.  bookit  is  simple  to  implement  and  costeffective..  workscape  lets  you  book  rooms  with  just  2  taps.  the  meeting  room  display  is  an  ipad  app  that  shows  detailed  room  usage  information  and  books  rooms  right  from  the  display.  workscape  supports  sensors  to  reduce  noshows  and  increase  room  availability.  sharp  meeting  room
__label__interactivedisplays manager  offers  a  special  business  line  that  perfectly  meets  the  requirements  of  meeting  room  scheduler  and  other  signage  applications.  using  a  wireless  plug  play  system,  the  smm  can  easily  be  mounted  on  walls  or  any  other  kind  of  surface.  free  companion  app  for  ipad/android  table  to  display  daily  conference  room  schedules.  beautifully  designed  and  completely  customizable.  book  conference  room  directly  from  panel.  enforce  checkin  and  enable  early  checkout.  zero  client  configuration..  meeting  room  digital  signage  with  a  wide  range  of  features  for  single  rooms  and  wayfinding.  run  on  standard  hardware  and  the  purpose  built  samsung  smart  signage  platform  sssp  let
__label__interactivedisplays your  guests,  visitors,  and  conventiongoers  know  they  have  reached  the  right  place,  at  the  correct  time,  by  displaying  digital  meeting  room  signs  in  front  of  your  function,  meeting,  and  conference  rooms.  site  based  with  no  ongoing  fees,  and  24/7  tech  support.  as  the  enterprise  workspace  evolves  with  more  and  more  end  devices  for  communication,  collaboration,  security,  and  productivity,  the  need  for  poe  is  also  evolving  to  support  newer  end  devices  with  increased  power  requirements.  room  signage  systems  offers  door  signage  based  on  epaper  using  a  patented  wireless  technology  widely  used  throughout  industry  and  in  commerce.  we  work  through  partners.  based
__label__interactivedisplays on  your  requirements,  a  room  signage  solution  is  tailored  to  your  needs  cablefree  signage  solution  with  up  to  5  years  of  autonomy.  roomz  is  an  elegant,  purposebuilt  epaper  device  with  high  resolution  8  display,  highquality  glass  aluminium  housing.  simply  stick  a  display  to  wall  and  configure  it  to  your  booking  system.  room  agent  turns  extrons  touchlink  pro  touchpanels  into  fullfeatured  booking  appliances  that  conveniently  display  a  rooms  meeting  information  and  availability.  imagotag  makes  longlife  eink  displays  that  can  be  used  for  a  variety  of  purposes,  including  meeting  room  signs.  imagotag  displays  can  be  connected  to  an  outlook  calendar  and  can
__label__interactivedisplays retrieve  and  display  timetable  data  for  a  room.  fischer  kerrns  meeting  room  panel  is  a  sleek,  elegant  meeting  room  touchscreen  thats  powered  over  ethernet,  has  built  in  nfc/rfid  card  reader  and  led  lights.  room  panels  connects  to  ms  exchange  and  users  can  book,  extend  and  end  meetings  on  the  spot.  roomwizard  is  designed  for  enterprise  and  focus  on  peoples  essential  needs  by  leading  with  simplicity  and  universal  design.  its  7  antimicrobial  touch  screen  display  provides  realtime  meeting  and  availability  information  using  red/green  lights.  evoko  room  manager  is  the  beautiful,  truly  effective  touchscreen  solution  for  meeting  rooms.  forget  about  double  bookings,
__label__interactivedisplays confusion  interrupted  meetings.  book  conference  rooms  easily  have  all  the  information  presented  on  the  screen.  11giraffes  is  a  leading  turnkey  digital  signage  software  company  that  provides  brands  and  enterprises  maximum  control  over  their  content.  11giraffes  is  userfriendly,  featurerich,  stable  and  effective  turnkey  or  selfservice  webbased  management.  hypersignroom  is  a  robust  digital  room  signage  solution  that  enables  flexibility  of  design,  allowing  the  same  screen  combination  of  full  motion  ppt,  television  or  other  content  alongside  your  scheduling  calendar.  pronestor  is  a  comprehensive  meeting  planning  and  display  solution.  it  dynamically  illustrates  whats  on,  when  a  room  is  booked,  when  the  room  is  free,
__label__interactivedisplays what  the  meeting  is  about,  and  whos  hosting  the  meeting  or  event.  the  osi  dynamic  digital  framework  ddf  is  a  robust,  cross  platform,  enterprise  based  dynamic  digital  framework  utilizing  kioware  enterprise  server,  the  industry  standard  for  kiosk  application  security,  management  and  monitoring  deployments.  ddf  is  perfect  for  master/lobby  reader/event  boards  and  individual  room  reader  boards.  meetio  room  is  placed  outside  your  meeting  room  and  it  shows  if  the  room  is  busy  or  free.  when  the  room  is  free  you  can  book  it  instantly.  meetio  room  shows  future  meetings,  room  name,  your  logo  and  has  a  bunch  of  other  cool  features.
__label__interactivedisplays robin  is  a  better  way  to  manage  your  meeting  rooms.  we  offer  really  simple  room  scheduling  analytics.  book  meeting  rooms  from  any  device.  22miles  digital  signage  seamlessly  connects  room  boards,  interactive  meeting  displays  into  one  turnkey,  easy  to  use  platform.  this  nextgeneration  application  captivates  guests  and  visitors  in  a  more  dynamic  and  engaging  way.  ecobook  is  a  webbased  booking  system  from  skynapse  business  technology.  a  tablet  friendly  version  allows  users  to  view  details,  as  well  as  book  directly  from  the  tablet  if  the  room  is  empty.  users  can  report  no  shows  if  booked  and  not  used.  omnivex  moxie  enables  organizations
__label__interactivedisplays to  easily  schedule  and  manage  the  booking  of  meeting  rooms  in  realtime.  with  moxie  you  can  save  time  and  resources  while  providing  a  professional  and  personalized  meeting  room  booking  experience.  roommanager  by  poster  digital  lets  you  see  at  a  glance  whether  your  meeting  room  is  empty,  if  it  is  occupied  but  the  meeting  is  about  to  end,  or  if  a  new  meeting  is  going  to  start  in  a  minute.  olive  room  is  a  scheduling  system  that  manages  collaborative  spaces  far  more  effectively  than  1stcome1stserve.  users  can  book  rooms  and  reserve  meeting  spaces  knowing  there  wont  be  a  snag,  making  it
__label__interactivedisplays easy  to  get  the  most  out  of  collaborative  spaces.  axxerion  offers  a  comprehensive  reservation  system  for  conference  rooms,  offices,  desks  and  hoteling,  as  well  as  complimentary  services  such  as  vehicles,  parking,  tools  catering.  our  software  is  webbased,  mobile  ready  and  integrated  with  outlook.  digital  sign  service  is  software  for  meeting  room  signs.  you  can  either  book  meetings  in  your  familiar  outlook  environment  or  directly  on  the  touch  screens  outside  of  meeting  rooms.  signwave  digital  door  signs  automatically  retrieve,  format  and  display  roomscheduling  information  from  many  property  and  event  management  software  systems.  this  setitandforgetit  system  makes  daytoday  operation  hands  off  and
__label__interactivedisplays easy.  the  fwi  meeting  room  sign  app  can  improve  how  employees  book,  schedule  and  find  conference  rooms.  by  integrating  personalized  and  visual  content,  were  changing  how  you  schedule  and  manage  your  meeting  rooms.  manage  meeting  rooms  in  real  time.  use  door  tablet  meeting  room  displays  to  manage  your  meetings  in  real  time.  improve  meeting  room  utilization  and  time  management  whilst  creating  a  professional  look  for  your  organization.  instant  suite  is  a  software  suite,  including  the  entire  sharingcloud  offer:  instant  booking,  instant  tv,  instant  signage.  a  comprehensive  workplace  solution,  instant  suite  allows  you  to  simplify  the  user  experience.  smartway2  is  a
__label__interactivedisplays cloudbased  solution  for  booking  meeting  rooms,  desks  or  car  parking.  it  works  with  your  smartphone,  outlook  calendar  or  our  webbased  calendar  view.  smartway2  also  comes  with  a  tablet  app,  ios  or  android  tablet  outside  your  meeting  room.  room  manager  is  more  than  just  a  room  scheduling  service,  its  an  allinone  solution,  out  of  the  box,  for  resource  management.  it  is  simple  and  powerful,  built  for  the  cloud  and  on  premise.  smartsign  wayfinder  makes  it  easy  to  guide  visitors  to  the  right  premises,  provide  current  information  and  keep  track  of  resource  reservations.  guide  visitors  and  attendees  to  the  correct  meeting  room
__label__interactivedisplays with  digital  door  displays  powered  by  rmg  networks.  by  connecting  seamlessly  with  scheduling  systems,  door  displays  are  automatically  updated  to  inform  visitors  of  current  meetings  and  agendas.  meetingroomsigns.biz  is  a  product  of  vertical  media  consulting  group  inc.  burlington  on  canada  l7n1y6  vertical  media  consulting  group  inc.  2017
__label__interactivedisplays close  keyboardarrowdown  want  to  know  whats  going  on  outside  of  your  desk?  heres  how  the  office  is  getting  smarter.  dec  2017  theres  been  a  lot  of  hype  around  the  futuristic  spaces  of  the  next  few  years.  whether  this  is  driverless  cars,  dronedelivered  post  or  even  fridges  which  flag  when  weve  run  out  of  milk.  but  truth  is,  smarter,  connected  spaces  are  already  creeping  up  on  us.  in  most  offices  today,  theres  already  a  series  of  connected  things  making  life  easier.  as  iot  goes  mainstream  and  we  start  to  want  our  workspaces  to  be  as  smart  as  our  workers,  our  cars
__label__interactivedisplays and  our  homes,  here  are  five  iot  use  cases  already  being  seen  in  the  connected  office.  if  theres  one  thing  were  sure  about  in  the  if  not  already,  its  that  screens  are  going  to  play  a  big  part.  this  is  because  digital  signage  is  incredibly  easy  to  implement.  most  offices  probably  already  have  a  screen  or  two  up  on  the  wall,  that  they  only  need  to  connect  to  the  right  software,  to  add  a  new  level  of  intelligence  to  their  office  spaces.  screens  can  be  used  throughout  breakout  areas,  public  spaces  like  lobbies,  cafes  and  even  on  office  walls  to
__label__interactivedisplays help  disseminate  information  more  easily.  from  keeping  employees  more  engaged  with  company  news  and  figures,  to  sharing  social  media  and  customer  reviews,  to  improving  productivity  with  trello  boards  and  other  dashboards.  when  used  in  the  right  way,  digital  signs  are  an  incredibly  effective  way  to  bring  together  office  communications  and  manifest  them  in  a  physical  environment.  how  much  do  you  know  about  the  efficiency  of  your  staff  and  office  processes?  even  with  the  information  you  do  have,  how  much  of  that  is  based  on  subjective  feedback?  by  relying  on  the  smart  things  in  your  office,  you  can  create  a  much
__label__interactivedisplays smarter  workspace  that  tracks  insights  for  you.  this  could  mean  collecting  data  on  everything  from  everyday  operations,  to  use  of  the  office  space  and  meeting  rooms,  which  would  show  unknown  trends  and  even  errors  that  could  be  better  adjusted  to.  iot  is  all  about  the  digitization  of  the  workplace.  therefore,  its  natural  for  many  to  feel  anxious  about  what  sort  of  effect  this  could  have  on  wellbeing.  if  you  look  at  how  even  the  rise  of  social  media  is  said  to  increase  stress,  anxiety  and  low  selfesteem,  the  question  many  are  asking  is  do  we  want  more  smart  things  in
__label__interactivedisplays our  workspaces?  to  combat  this,  much  of  the  iot  office  use  case  is  focused  on  ensuring  the  employee  actually  sees  enough  benefit  in  the  solutions  to  minimize  any  risk.  theres  also  a  big  data  trade  off  when  it  comes  to  office  iot.  having  smart  devices  track  our  every  move,  and  use  that  data  to  analyze  our  performance,  could  be  viewed  as  intrusive.  to  get  employees  to  buy  in,  there  has  to  be  even  bigger  benefits.  this  could  mean  to  better  monitor  and  improve  employee  fitness  levels,  as  well  as  using  space  and  technology  to  increase  meditation  and  relaxation  areas  for
__label__interactivedisplays employees.  when  a  client  comes  to  the  connected  office,  every  step  they  take  should  be  personalized.  from  the  message  shown  at  the  reception  desk,  through  to  the  meeting  room  door  with  their  name  and  logo  on.  part  of  the  appeal  of  the  future  connected  office  space  is  to  create  unique  experiences.  long  gone  are  the  days  where  every  office  and  cubicle  looks  the  same.  now,  not  only  do  staff  members  expect  their  physical  spaces  to  be  as  personalized  as  their  online  ones,  but  clients  are  beginning  to  expect  the  same  standard  too.  within  the  connected  office  space,  this  becomes  much
__label__interactivedisplays easier.  this  is  because  clientfacing  systems  are  connected  with  physical  things.  a  google  calendar  can  speak  to  a  screen  outside  a  meeting  room,  a  crm  tool  to  a  display  on  a  welcome  sign.  this  allows  you  to  easily  collect  data  about  your  client  meeting  time,  company  logo,  twitter  header  and  easily  pull  it  through  to  the  physical  space  around  them.  how  well  optimized  are  the  work  spaces  around  us  right  now?  employees  are  incredibly  invested  in  the  place  they  spend  upwards  of  40  hours  a  week  in.  as  a  result,  employers  are  beginning  to  recognize  that  company  perks  need  to
__label__interactivedisplays go  beyond  free  fruit  bowls.  ensuring  the  physical  workspace  is  setup  to  adapt  to  employee  needs,  natural  circadian  rhythms  and  even  the  weather  outside,  takes  away  much  of  the  stress  associated  with  being  inside  all  day.  if  an  employer  can  quote  that  they  offer  an  office  space  which  is  optimized  for  the  best  employee  work  conditions,  and  its  all  automated  to  boot,  this  could  be  a  huge  differentiator  in  attracting  the  right  talent.  iot  is  what  enables  this  to  happen.  from  smart  lighting  systems  which  change  and  adjust  to  light  patterns,  to  room  temperature  controls  which  adjust  to  the  weather
__label__interactivedisplays outside,  all  create  a  more  enjoyable  work  experience.  todays  job  market  is  incredibly  fierce.  as  smart  connected  offices  continue  to  come  into  their  own,  well  see  broader  acceptance  of  iot  in  mainstream  society  as  well  as  more  demand  from  potential  employees.  how  does  iot  enable  your  company  culture?  and  how  smart  is  your  office?  could  both  be  questions  asked  of  an  organization  at  interview  stage.  its  time  more  offices  begin  to  consider  how  they  might  answer  them.
__label__interactivedisplays 70  9007  8007  ,  ,  ,  this  article  presents  a  methodology  based  on  design  thinking  and  methods  for  creating  peopleaware  iot  applications,  where  user  needs,  not  technological  opportunities  drive  the  development.  the  methodology  is  divided  into  7  steps:  discovery,  capturing,  research,  design,  ,  evaluate  andrefine.  the  results  of  the  methodology  include  welldescribed  and  useroriented  scenarios  meeting  users  needs  and  also  a  complete  toolbox  to  assist  the  implementation  and  the  testing  of  above  mentioned  scenarios  in  an  iot  perspective.  the  internet  of  things  consists  of  a  growing  network  of  everyday  objects,  from  industrial  machines  to  consumer  goods,  which  are  interconnected,  can
__label__interactivedisplays share  information  and  complete  tasks  while  the  user  is  busy  with  other  activities,  like  work,  sleep  or  exercise.  the  new  services  and  applications  introduced  into  the  iot  market  were  until  now  dependent  on  technological  interventions  rather  than  demand.  iot  is  currently  at  a  turning  point  where  the  hardware  and  technology  are  mature  and  the  focus  can  be  put  on  creating  good  user  experiences.  the  discovery  step  is  the  one  in  which  we  become  acquainted  with  the  users  and  the  context  of  the  future  product  we  want  to  develop.  this  step  consists  mainly  in  setting  up  some  loose  boundaries  inside  which
__label__interactivedisplays we  want  to  identify  what  problems  people  encounter.  the  two  main  inputs  of  this  step  are  the  following:  the  context  in  which  your  potential  users  evolve  e.g.  professional  context:  an  office,  a  yard;  domestic  context:  a  building  hall,  a  private  house,etc.  the  people  you  find  in  the  preset  context.  starting  with  defining  a  context  and  potential  users  helps  to  keep  in  mind  that  the  final  iot  application  will  be  part  of  a  whole  environment  and  will  not  be  an  isolated  device  operating  on  its  own.  once  the  inputs  are  defined,  several  techniques  are  applied  to  gather  information  from  theusers.  in
__label__interactivedisplays this  project,  we  defined  a  professional  context,  an  office  building,  as  the  area  of  life  with  all  the  people  working  in  the  building  as  potential  users.  we  then  set  up  a  survey  containing  one  single  question:  help  us  to  improve  your  environment  and  quality  of  life  in  the  building.  the  survey  was  held  online  and  on  a  white  board  in  the  main  entrance  for  a  period  of  4  hours.  the  question  asked  was  open  on  purpose  to  gather  as  many  different  types  of  answers  as  possible  and  made  no  mention  of  iot  to  avoid  the  users  surveyed  to  be  biased
__label__interactivedisplays by  any  idea  of  existing  smart  systems.  it  is  important  to  formulate  the  question  in  a  proper  way  while  keeping  in  mind  the  goal  of  the  final  product  to  get  the  appropriate  answers.  together,  both  the  online  and  physical  surveys  led  to  the  identification  of  about  60  problems  that  we  wrote  down  on  sticky  notes  on  a  white  board  after  removing  duplicates  a  dozen  people  among  the  users  surveyed  were  chosen  to  participate  in  a  brainstorming  session.  during  this  session,  the  answers  on  the  sticky  notes  were  refined  andsorted.  out  ofscope  answers  were  removed  and  the  remaining  ones  were  sorted
__label__interactivedisplays into  four  categories:  e.g.  issues  about  visitors  finding  their  way  inside  the  building,  facilities  light,  temperature,  or  ventilation  issues,  mobility  public  transport  or  parking  issues  and  officerelated  clock  in/out  issues,  flexible  work  spaces,  better  booking  of  meeting  rooms.  the  defined  categories  of  problems  become  a  suitable  input  for  the  next  step  of  the  methodology.  during  the  capturing  phase,  we  translate  the  initial  problems  identified  into  a  product  idea  or  vision.  as  this  step  is  still  in  the  ideageneration  part  of  the  process,  the  goal  here  is  not  to  clearly  define  the  end  product  but  to  specify  a  vision  or  an
__label__interactivedisplays idea  of  this  end  product  that  will  be  refined  in  the  next  steps  of  the  methodology.  for  our  usecase  we  adapt  the  technique  called  the  product  vision  box  borrowed  from  the  project  methodology.  the  technique  consists  in  creating  an  actual  physical  box  to  picture  your  product  where  each  side  of  the  box  summarizes  the  features  of  the  product.  in  the  initial  exercise  a  team  of  potential  users  is  divided  in  subgroups  that  are  each  asked  to  create  a  product  box.  at  the  end  of  the  workshop  a  single  box  is  created  in  agreement  of  all  the  teams  together.  in  our
__label__interactivedisplays workshop  we  picked  the  participants  among  potential  users  and  practitioners  in  the  project.  since  the  goal  was  to  produce  several  iot  applications,  each  team  was  asked  to  pick  one  category  among  those  identified  in  the  discovery  phase  and  to  develop  a  product  vision  box  that  fits  in  this  category.  another  instruction  was  to  make  a  product  including  iot  but  the  participants  were  asked  to  think  about  iot  as  a  magical  toolbox.  at  this  stage  we  decided  to  include  the  iot  notion  but  more  to  open  perspectives  and  not  as  a  limiting  condition.  the  categories  picked  were:  facilities,  mobility  and  officerelated.
__label__interactivedisplays the  exercise  led  to  the  creation  of  three  product  visionboxes.  1.  :  a  concierge  in  your  pocket.  a  system  that  allows  the  residents  of  the  building  to  report  any  facility  issue  directly  to  the  rightperson.  2.  :  the  moodrooman  idea  of  a  smart  meeting  room  adapting  to  the  mood  of  their  participants.  3.  :  a  web  portal  that  provides  information  about  mobilityrelated  issues  for  the  office  building  parking,  bicycle,  bus,  etc.  this  exercise  asks  the  participants  to  be  explicit  enough  about  the  benefits  and  features  offered  by  the  application  for  them  to  be  described  on  a  single  box.  therefore,  the
__label__interactivedisplays output  of  this  capturing  phase  is  a  product  box  depicting  an  application  vision  oridea.  in  our  usecase,  we  chose  the  mroom  box,  depicting  a  smart  meeting  room  as  it  was  the  easiest  for  us  to  implement  in  the  premises  available  for  theproject.  the  work  to  be  done  on  the  research  phase  is  based  on  the  output  of  the  last  phase:  the  product  vision  box.  following  the  methodology,  we  are  now  entering  a  new  iterative  cycle  in  which  the  product  idea  will  berefined.  at  this  stage  in  our  research,  we  chose  qualitative  methods.  we  performed  various  semistructured  interviews  within  stakeholders  working
__label__interactivedisplays inside  the  office  building  to  identify  their  needs,  goals  and  experiences  during  meetings.  based  on  the  interviews,  the  following  insights  were  generated:  1.  the  concentration  level  of  the  user  generally  follows  a  poisson  distribution  i.e.  initially  it  increases  and  then  decreases  exponentially  due  to  a  lot  offactors:  people  have  to  multitask  while  they  are  in  meetings  write  notes,  search  on  the  web,  or  hear  thespeaker  the  environment,  such  as  the  light  and  temperature  of  the  room,  can  have  an  impact  on  the  concentration  level.  2.  users  do  not  have  much  contextual  information  regarding  the  subject  being  talked  about  which  affects
__label__interactivedisplays their  concentration/engagement  level  in  the  meetings.  sometimes  the  speaker  uses  very  companyspecific  acronyms  and  terms  that  a  novice  user  or  a  person  who  did  not  attend  the  previous  meeting  has  no  ideaabout.  3.  users  sometimes  have  the  feeling  that  meetings  are  a  waste  of  time  because  the  goals  are  not  clearly  defined,  the  outcomes  are  not  clear  and  they  have  difficulty  tracking  the  progress  of  themeeting.  4.  some  users  feel  frustrated  about  the  decisionmaking  process  in  a  meeting,  they  find  it  difficult  and  too  long  with  too  much  discussion  to  reach  a  consensus.  5.  people  are  often  reluctant  to  take
__label__interactivedisplays notes  in  meetings.  based  on  the  qualitative  data  from  the  interviews,  we  created  3  personas,  and  an  affinity  diagram.  a  is  a  fictional  character  that  represents  the  needs  of  a  group  ofusers.  in  parallel  of  the  user  research  we  also  performed  a  context  research.  the  context  has  to  be  considered  as  a  part  of  the  application  as  much  as  the  users.  we  started  by  listing  all  the  elements  in  a  smart  meeting  room  that  can  be  affected  or  controlled  by  an  iot  system.  when  thinking  of  a  meeting  room,  it  usually  includes  a  table,  chairs,  a  projector  and  lights.  these
__label__interactivedisplays are  all  elements  on  which  actions  can  be  performed.  but  you  have  also  the  door,  the  temperature,  or  thewalls.  various  brainstorming  sessions  helped  us  identify  these  elements  and  the  types  of  actions  can  be  performed  with  them  e.g.  displaying  something  on  the  wall,  adjusting  the  light,  count  the  number  of  people  sitting.  having  a  good  picture  of  the  context  in  which  your  application  will  be  deployed  will  help  in  the  designing  phase.  it  also  allows  identifying  what  input  data  are  available  and  what  kind  of  output  you  can  provide  to  the  users  and  by  whichsupport.  this  phase  ensures  that  the
__label__interactivedisplays design  of  the  system  meets  all  the  users  requirements  and  needs  obtained  from  the  research  phase.  it  is  generally  done  by  a  designer  relying  on  the  outcomes  of  the  previous  phases.  on  the  basis  of  the  problems  identified  by  the  ,  we  ideated  various  scenarios,  which  described  the  broader  context  in  which  different  personas  behave  and  interact  within  the  existingsystem.  we  turned  towards  exploring  tangible  user  interfaces  in  the  context  of  a  meeting  scenario.  tangible  user  interfaces  come  under  the  umbrella  of  realitybased  interactions,  a  concept  proposed  by  jacob,  which  basically  leverages  users  existing  knowledge  and  skills  of  interaction  with
__label__interactivedisplays the  real  nondigital  world.  such  interfaces  have  the  potential  to  ease  the  manipulation  of  different  information  and  decisionmaking  in  a  more  collaborative  manner  rather  than  using  graphical  user  interfaces.  we  aimed  to  use  tangible  user  interfaces  so  that  the  users  can  manipulate  the  large  set  of  information  in  the  meetings  in  a  more  natural  and  collaborative  manner.  for  our  use  case,  we  conceptualized  the  idea  of  a  cubical  tangible  block  which  can  be  used  to  manipulate  the  information  and  activities  in  the  meetings.  the  three  opposing  sides  of  the  cube  consist  of  elements  such  as  smartinfo,  agenda  and  decision.  the
__label__interactivedisplays affordance  of  the  cubical  token  such  as  sliding  or  rotating  can  be  mapped  to  relevant  activities  and  actions.  we  used  scenario  illustrations  to  understand  the  overall  context  of  use  of  our  system.the  description  of  the  user  journey  in  various  scenarios  is  writtenbelow:  roger,  one  of  the  users,  has  just  recently  joined  technople,  and  did  not  attend  the  initial  meetings  on  an  ongoing  project.  roger  is  sitting  inside  the  meeting  room  and  the  presenter  is  giving  a  presentation  which  involves  data  from  previous  presentations.  the  presenter  uses  an  expression,  which  roger  is  unfamiliar  with.  he  is  reluctant  to  disturb  anyone  to
__label__interactivedisplays ask  or  search  on  the  web  about  it  during  the  meeting.  using  the  tangible  token,  he  can  view  that  content  easily  while  in  the  meeting  without  disturbing  anyone.  the  system  automatically  maps  the  relevant  information  on  the  table  to  the  side  of  the  cubical  tangible  token  corresponding  to  smartinfo.  another  scenario  is  where  the  users  feel  frustrated  as  they  see  that  the  goals  of  the  meeting  are  not  defined.  in  such  a  case,  the  agenda  side  of  the  tangible  token  is  useful  to  see  tag  clouds  related  to  the  project  or  the  progress  of  themeeting.  prototyping  allows  designers  to  test
__label__interactivedisplays scenarios  from  the  previous  step  against  issues  and  helps  visualize  the  idea  of  the  product.  there  are  two  levels  of  prototyping:  lowfidelity  and  highfidelity,  where  the  difference  is  set  in  the  level  of  detail  of  each  level.  in  ,  with  the  lowfidelity  prototypes,  the  interaction  with  the  user  is  often  simulated.  it  usually  doesnt  involve  any  actual  technology,  therefore  it  is  quicker  and  cheaper  to  implement  and  are  affordable  to  nontechnical  members  of  the  team.  on  the  other  hand,  highfidelity  prototypes  have  a  high  level  of  detail  and  allows  partial  to  full  interaction  with  the  system  functionalities.  however  it  is
__label__interactivedisplays expensive  and  timeconsuming.  at  the  time  of  writing  this  article,  the  prototyping  phase  of  our  use  case  is  not  fully  completed.  yet,  we  decided  to  build  the  first  version  of  our  with  actual  hardware  devices  since  it  will  also  allow  us  to  test  their  reliability  and  also  because  we  already  had  some  devices  and  an  environment  available  to  build  a  .  in  case  you  dont  have  any  materials,  a  simulated  is  recommended  at  first.  we  think  having  an  idea  of  the  devices  you  want  to  use  can  also  help  in  building  adequate  interaction.  finally,  we  would  like  to  raise  that
__label__interactivedisplays simulating  a  whole  experience  of  an  iot  application  including  the  environment  and  all  its  elements  can  be  a  hugetask.  moreover,  when  resources  allow,  highfidelity  prototypes  that  include  logging  capabilities  could  be  developed  in  this  phase.  they  could  be  used  in  the  next  phase  for  gathering  quantitative  data  about  the  usage  of  the  that  would  complement  qualitative  data  obtained  from  posttest  interviews  withusers.  evaluate  when  designing  for  a  classical  screenbased  interface,  there  are  several  heuristics  or  principles  that  are  often  used  to  evaluate  the  problems  associated  with  the  design  of  the  interface  such  as  nielsens  heuristics.  some  of  them  can  also
__label__interactivedisplays be  applied  to  an  iotbased  system  and  we  believe  that  several  new  heuristics  specific  to  iot  will  arise  with  the  spread  of  the  field.  we  aim  to  identify  such  evaluation  indicators  by  the  end  of  this  research  project.  another  way  to  evaluate  a  is  the  use  of  methods.  there  are  various  methods  that  can  be  used,  such  as  the  thinking  aloud,  where  the  tester  is  asked  to  talk  aloud  his  thoughts  while  using  the  system.  the  process  of  a  test  is  basically  the  same  for  every  method.  you  first  pick  representative  users  to  test  your  system,  then  you  select  a
__label__interactivedisplays typical  and  well  described  scenario  that  the  user  will  be  performing  in  the  test,  and  finally  you  report  the  results.  moreover,  if  highfidelity  prototypes  were  developed  in  the  previous  phase,  quantitative  usage  data  logged  by  the  systems  may  be  analyzed  in  this  phase  as  a  useful  complement  to  the  data  obtained  from  qualitative  testingmethods.  since  there  are  various  guidelines  and  methods  described  in  the  literature  about  and  we  are  only  at  the  stage  of  prototyping  in  our  usecase,  we  will  not  explain  this  step  in  furtherdetail.  at  the  end  of  the  evaluating  phase,  test  results  are  reported.  it  is  in
__label__interactivedisplays this  refine  phase  that  the  results  of  these  tests  are  handled  and  transformed  into  new  adjustments  for  the  next  cycle  of  the  product  in  the  iterative  loop  of  the  methodology.  it  is  important  to  clearly  define  the  objectives  and  readjust  them  accordingly  to  the  user  tests  and  evaluation  phase  results.  from  an  iot  perspective,  it  would  be  wise  in  this  phase  that  you  consider  technical  aspects  and  feasibility  of  your  product  idea.  finally,  be  clear  on  the  refinements  you  want  to  implement  for  the  next  cycle.  it  is  always  better  to  run  through  the  whole  cycle  until  the  evaluate  phase
__label__interactivedisplays than  making  changes  along  the  way  due  to  unclear  objectives  or  assumptions.  iterative  cycles  can  also  be  shortened  and  occur  more  often,  depending  on  the  number  of  changes  you  decide  tomake.  here  is  the  to  the  original  article.  thanks  for  reading  keep  following  designerrslab  for  more  insightful  articles  related  to  .  was  originally  published  in  on  medium,  where  people  are  continuing  the  conversation  by  highlighting  and  responding  to  this  story.
__label__interactivedisplays teem.com  uses  cookies  and  plugins  to  make  the  site  simpler  to  use.  browsing  our  website  means  you  consent  to  the  usage  of  cookies  and  plugins.  for  more  information,  see  our  .  our  ecosystem  of  enterprise  solutions  work  together  so  you  and  your  team  can  focus  on  what  really  matters:  your  business.  your  people,  places,  and  technology  are  vital  to  your  business;  shouldnt  it  be  easier  to  ensure  theyre  all  working  together  seamlessly?  learn  how  teem  can  help  you  cultivate  a  workplace  that  fuels  productivity,  efficiency,  and  creativity.  teem  knows  how  important  it  is  to  facilitate  seamless,  flexible  space  booking  whenever
__label__interactivedisplays and  wherever  you  are.  in  fact,  you  could  say  were  the  experts  on  the  subject.  save  time,  improve  security,  and  provide  a  great  visitor  experience  from  the  moment  they  walk  through  the  door  with  teems  secure,  webbased  visitor  interface.  how  often  do  you  have  to  ask  for  directions  or  spend  valuable  time  searching  for  your  meeting  room?  teems  navigation  and  wayfinding  solutions  make  finding  your  way  around  a  breeze.  teem  surfaces  workplace  analytics  such  as  space  utilization,  visitor  management  data,  and  meeting  statistics  so  no  spaces,  technologies,  or  personnel  are  underutilized.  our  inner  circle  of  partnerships  and  integrations  reduce  workplace
__label__interactivedisplays including  sensors  and  actuators  and  device  management  iot  consists  of  several  technological  layers  which  all  play  a  role  in  the  route  from  simply  connecting  things  and  iot  devices  to  building  applications  that  serve  a  clear  goal,  whether  its  for  consumer  applications  or  industrygrade  iot  projects.  iot  technology  should  really  be  iot  technologies  as  there  are  several  of  course  and  the  ones  that  matter  depend  on  the  goal.  however,  they  fit  in  this  iot  technology  stack  that  has  various  layers,  starting  with  iot  devices,  and  myriad  technologies  per  layer.  there  are  several  iot  devices  in  a  broader  sense.  some  sit  at
__label__interactivedisplays the  edge  of  the  network  where  the  real  connecting  of  things  happens.  others  include  iot  gateways  which  enable  to  actually  do  something  with  all  the  data  coming  from  iotenabled  things  or  connected  objects.  however,  we  wont  count  iot  gateways  as  iot  devices  as  some  do;  its  a  different  iot  technology  layer  and  not  even  necessarily  hardware  as  well  see.  table  of  contents  without  that  iot  technology  stack  there  would  be  no  possibility  to  do  something  with  iot  devices  and  no  reason  to  connect  things  to  the  internet.  so,  simply  said  the  iot  technology  stack  encompasses  all  the  needed  technologies  to
__label__interactivedisplays move  from  iot  device  and  data  to  an  actual  purpose  and  goal  or  socalled  iot  use  case.  moreover,  it  is  not  just  a  matter  of  combining  the  right  technologies  across  the  iot  technology  stack  but  also  about  doing  so  in  an  accurate,  secure  and  costeffective  way.  and  in  practice  there  are  still  quite  some  challenges  on  the  level  of  interoperability  and  all  these  technology  elements  being  able  to  talk  with  each  other  as  there  are  different  standards.  moreover,  when  we  bring  in  existing  connected  devices  as  theyve  existed  for  ages  in  areas  such  as  or  ,  that  latter  challenge  becomes
__label__interactivedisplays even  bigger.  lets  look  at  the  first  layer  of  the  iot  technology  stack:  iot  devices.  do  note  that  there  have  been  various  attempts  to  depict  and  construct  the  iot  technology  stack  and  within  each  of  the  layers  various  protocols,  vendors/players  and  sublayers  .  when  cisco  still  talked  about  the  ioe  it  also  had  an  ioe  technology  stack  which  was  more  built  from  that  ioe  vision  you  can  see  an  example  in  this  article  on  .  others  have  focused  a  lot  on  the  iot  technology  stack  by  comparing  with  many  existing  network  models  such  as  osi  and  tcp/ip.  that  is  for
__label__interactivedisplays a  separate  article.  iot  devices  include  such  as  sensors  and  actuators  and  myriad  objects  which  are  often  called  smart,  intelligent  or  plain  old  connected  smart  light  bulbs,  connected  valves  and  pumps,  smart  meters,  connected  cars,  intelligent  or  components,  devices  etc.  .  they  do  think  about  smart  devices  such  as  the  ones  mentioned  or  about  wearables,  intelligent  streetlighting,  activity  trackers,  smart  room  controls,  smart  thermostats,  irrigation  controllers  or  maybe  about  ,  assets,  health  monitoring  devices  including  in  the  body  ,  pets  or  private  assets  which  are  tagged  with  location  detection  technology  and,  yes,  the  good  old  connected  fridge.  the  list  is
__label__interactivedisplays endless  once  you  start  adding  agriculture  and  farming,  heavy  industry,  retail,  smart  digital  signage  and  so  on.  it  has  been  suggested  to  look  at  the  things  and  the  iot  devices  in  this  broader  context  where  all  kinds  of  components  hardware,  software,  connection  and  even  associated  services  come  together  in  one  device.  what  interests  us  most  in  the  scope  of  this  article  though  are  the  sensors  and  actuators.  do  note  that,  given  the  fact  with  iot  devices  we  are  essentially  talking  about  capturing  and  communicating  data,  there  is  also  a  communications  component:  that  of  device  connectivity  whereby  the  physical  things  and
__label__interactivedisplays controllers  get  connected  through  communication  and  processing  units.  some  add  this  as  a  separate  layer  to  the  iot  technology  stack  but  it  does  overlap  partially  with  the  layer  of  iot  gateways  and  the  layer  of  iot  connectivity  and  iot  communication  networks  which  we  tackle  as  a  separate  iot  layer  not  in  this  article  though.  in  all  these  cases  sensors  are  part  of  the  digital  data  backbone  of  connected  and  intelligent  solutions.  anything  smart  and  iotrelated  is  built  upon  sensors  and  other  types  of  transducers  well  see  next.  a  transducer  converts  a  signal  in  a  form  of  energy  into  a  signal
__label__interactivedisplays in  another  form.  in  a  context  of  iot  sensors  this  simply  means  that  sensors  are  able  to  sense  conditions  in  or  around  the  iot  device  in  which  they  are  present  and  in  and  around  the  state  and  environments  of  physical  item  to  which  they  are  attached.  sensors  can  detect  the  events  or  changes  in  the  environments  and  for  the  purposes  for  which  they  were  designed  and  communicate  about  these  events  or  changes  of  specific  parameters  to  systems  and  other  devices  which  then  can  use  this  data  for  actions,  analysis  and  so  forth.  in  an  iot  contextwe  can  also  use  the
__label__interactivedisplays definition  from  a  2016  article  on  the  :  a  sensor  is  a  device  that  detects,  measures  or  indicates  any  specific  physical  quantity  such  as  light,  heat,  motion,  moisture,  pressure,  or  similar  entities,  by  converting  them  into  any  other  form  which  is  mostly,  electrical  pulses.  e.g.  of  a  room  there  are  over  100  different  types  of  sensors.  they  can  be  bought  separately  or  on  socalled  sensor  boards  which  have  been  designed  to  gather  several  sensors  that  are  needed  in  the  scope  of  an  iot  use  case  or  project.  there  are  sensor  boards  for  applications  such  as  monitoring  and  smart  traffic  applications.
__label__interactivedisplays there  are  also  sensor  boards  which  you  can  use  to  customize  to  try  out  iot  applications  or  to  build  the  precise  boards  you  need  for  any  given  application,  adding  the  sensors  you  want.  as  said,  sensors  are  anything  but  now  and  have  been  ubiquitous  in  many  industries  before  someone  even  heard  the  term  iot.  in  todays  smart  buildings,  projects  of  ,  projects  and  anything  smart  and  iotrelated  they  are  even  more  ubiquitous  and  both  the  offering  and  technologies  have  evolved.  whereas  sensors  sense  and  send,  actuators  act  and  activate.  the  actuator  gets  a  signal  and  sets  in  motion  what  it
__label__interactivedisplays needs  to  set  in  motion  in  order  to  act  upon/within  an  environment.  in  a  sense  you  could  say  that  an  actuator  does  the  opposite  of  a  sensor  and  its  at  least  as  crucial,  even  if  today  what  most  companies  do  is  acquiring  and  analyzing  data,  far  less  using  data  as  triggers  to  make  something  happen  in  the  physical  world  where  quite  some  value  resides  and  not  just  in  the  scope  of  automation  but  also  in  consumer  iot  applications.  an  example  was  covered  in  our  article  on  in  the  age  of  iot  and,  simply  put,  goes  like  this:  actuators  sit  on
__label__interactivedisplays your  radiator  or  control  airflow  in  a  smart  room  in  a  smart  home  or  smart  building;  sensors  detect  there  is  no  one  in  the  room;  actuators  get  triggered  to  lower  temperature  or  stop  hvac  or  whatever  ;  control  system  reports  back  decision  to  management  system  with  energy  savings  as  a  result  and  everyone  happy.  you  can  imagine  many  other  scenarios  in  that  sense.  meeting  room  lights,  air  conditioning  and  heating  are  turned  off;  worker  approaches  smart  office,  looks  for  available  meeting  room  on  his  app  and  books  it  for  meeting;  actuators  get  signals  to  make  sure  that  the  meeting  room
__label__interactivedisplays meets  what  one  expects  from  a  healthy  comfortable  meeting  room.  electric  actuators  can  turn  their  energy  in  mechanical  torque,  other  actuators  can  control  valves  think  combinations  with  sensors  regarding  for  instance  water  leaks  ,  and  so  forth.  it  is  food  for  an  article  on  its  own  but  the  image  is  hopefully  clear.  in  the  scope  of  iot,  actuators  in  most  cases  are  about  turning  something  on  or  off  by  applying  some  force.  however,  there  are  also  plenty  of  applications  in  industrial  applications  or  robotics  such  as  the  usage  of  actuators  for  grippers.  and  there  are  certainly  also  smart  devices  in
__label__interactivedisplays consumer  applications  where  you  can  nicely  see  sensors  and  actuators  working  together,  for  instance  in  the  improvement  of  sleep.  iot  gateways  come  in  many  forms  and  shapes,  precisely  because  they  can  fulfil  an  increasing  number  of  several  tasks.  in  other  words:  the  usage  of  iot  gateways  is  changing,  compared  with  the  earlier  days  of  iot.  and  that  has  everything  to  do  with  the  original  scope  of  an  iot  gateway  and  how  the  evolutions  in  iot  lead  to  more  bundling  of  functions  in  the  gateway  which  is  ideally  placed  to  perform  these  functions,  given  its  essential  function  as  a  bridge,  well,
__label__interactivedisplays gateway.  essentially  an  iot  gateway  plays  a  critical  role  on  the  intersection  of  iot  devices  in  the  strict  sense  and  thus  the  data  from  iot  devices  and  the  network,  cloud  or  data  center  as  explained  in  our  indepth  article  on  iot  gateways  where  you  can  also  see  there  are  gateways  for  the  ,  gateways  for  what  is  known  as  ,  gateways  for  home  automation,  where  they  aggregate  and  orchestrate  communications  between  home  sensors  and  cloud  services  and  much  more.  so,  this  is  a  broad  layer  with  multiple  devices,  technologies,  solutions  software  and  hardware  and  functions.  iot  gateways  de  facto  are
__label__interactivedisplays used  for  connectivity  aggregation,  encryption  and  decryption  of  iot  data  security  ,  the  translation  of  the  various  protocols  that  exist  in  the  overall  iot  technology  landscape  as  explained,  the  management  and  onboarding  of  iot  devices,  the  mentioned  edge  computing,  remote  control  and  management,  preprocessing  and  aggregation  of  data  and  so  forth.  as  there  are  more  iot  devices  and  thus  more  iot  data,  its  easy  to  understand  why  more  functions  and  goals  are  packed  in  iot  gateways.  many  sensors  with  often  really  many  data  points  mean  that  preprocessing  can  be  done  in  the  gateway  and  that  gateways  and  the  analysis  of
__label__interactivedisplays data  overall  is  increasingly  moving  to  the  edge  and  edge  gateways.  however,  as  you  can  read  in  our  article  on  the  most  analysis  of  iot  data  still  happens  in  a  data  center.  hence  the  broad  variety  of  iot  gateways,  from  the  edge  to  the  network  or  cloud,  whatever  people  want.  in  the  context  of  this  layer  we  also  must  emphasize  which  is  key  in  iot  platforms  on  the  level  of  m2m  features.  with  iot  platforms  we  are  in  software  and,  more  specifically,  a  middleware  between  the  more  hardwarerelated  layers  of  iot  devices  and  iot  gateways  on  one  hand  and  the
__label__interactivedisplays business  and  application  layers  on  the  others.  however,  it  isnt  that  simple  anymore  .  the  term  iot  platform  is  widely  used  but  not  everyone  means  the  same  thing  when  talking  about  it.  to  make  things  even  worse,  there  are  several  types  of  iot  platforms  and,  of  course,  given  the  evolutions  we  touched  upon  regarding  iot  gateways,  you  guessed  it,  here  as  well  additional  features  are  being  added.  moreover,  in  the  current  iot  platform  wars  and  with  over  400  different  iot  platforms  around  there  is  an  ongoing  move  to  specialization  and  differentiation.  and,  indeed,  no  iot  platform  is  the  same.  as
__label__interactivedisplays we  mentioned  in  an  article  on  the  strictly  speaking  an  iot  platform  is  an  iot  application  enablement  platform.  that  name  pretty  much  covers  what  it  does.  on  top  of  that  there  are  dmps  whereby  iot  device  management  is  virtually  always  present  in  iot  platforms  overall,  analytics  platforms  and  iot  orchestration  platforms,  to  name  a  few  more  as  you  can  read  in  this  article  on  .  as  ,  author  of  the  ,  who  also  tackles  the  iot  technology  stack,  puts  it  the  different  types  of  iot  platforms  have  become  essential  enablers,  a  means  of  gathering  and  making  sense  of  data  and
__label__interactivedisplays delivering  the  right  kinds  of  services  at  the  right  time.  exactly:  its  about  the  business  outcomes  and  services.  as  nicolas,  who  sees  iot  platforms  as  delivering  services  such  as  connectivity  support,  service  enablement,  device  management  application  support  and  solution  provider  services,  quoted  from  an  interview  he  had  with  josef  brunner,  ceo  at  ,  the  big  challenge  is  that  iot  platforms  are  not  about  technology  but  are  about  use  cases  and  user  benefits.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  automatic  robot  chemical  production  line  picture:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  has  been  all  the  rage  over  the  past  couple  of  years.  the  extensive  use  of  sensors  and  wireless  connectivity  among  devices  has  increased  to  the  trend.  the  increase  brings  in  turn,  easily  available  technology  for  hobbyists  to  explore.  connecting  everything  to  everything  seems  like  a  good  idea.  for  e.g.  how  would  you  like  to  control  your  air  conditioner  from  the  comfort  of  your  bed  when  you  forget  your  remote  in  the  other  end  of  the  room.  we  discuss  similar  iot  projects  here.  this  device  can  provide  realtime  data  of  the  movements  of  players  during  trainings  and  games,  like  acceleration,
__label__interactivedisplays angle  and  directions,  as  well  as  their  health  status.  it  could  be  useful  for  both  players  and  sports  audience  as  it  can  help  in  understanding  the  game  better,  enhancing  the  performance  of  the  players  and  learning  the  skills.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  presented  here  is  an  enabled  air  pollution  meter  to  monitor  air  quality  on  your  smartphone  using  blynk  application  and  board.  blynk  is  an  internet  of  things  iot  platform  to  control  arduino,  and  the  like  over  the  internet.  in  this  project  blynk  provides  a  digital  dashboard  on  your  smartphone  that  displays  realtime  air  quality  readings  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays immediate  surroundings.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  talking  loudly  is  an  annoying  habit  in  an  office  environment.  having  a  loud  coworker  can  distract  us  from  our  work  and  harm  our  productivity.  to  help  solve  this  problem,  we  bring  to  you  today  a  noise  detector  with  automatic  recording  system.  this  device  notifies  users  whenever  it  detects  loud  noise  when  the  sound  crosses  certain  limits,  as  well  as  it  automatically  records  the  sound  and  saves  this  recorded  sound  in  a  file.  this  diy  project  will  help  you  to  build  a  lowcost  biometric  lock.  we  all  have  a  biometric  fingerprint  sensor  in
__label__interactivedisplays our  smartphones.  today,  we  are  going  to  use  this  sensor  to  make  a  prototype  of  biometric  lock  at  just  rs  850.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  in  this  diy  project,  we  are  going  to  make  an  iot  home  automation  system  that  will  allow  you  to  control  your  home  with  voice  commands  given  in  your  preferred  language.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  the  timer  switch  presented  here  can  be  used  to  start  and  stop  the  electric  water  heater  from  blynk  app  in  your  smartphone.  using  this,  hot  water  will  be  ready  when  you  wake  up.  this  iot  project  is
__label__interactivedisplays available  at:  when  a  thief  enters  a  jewellery  shop,  the  shop  owner  automatically  gets  a  notification  on  his/her  phone.  also,  the  device  automatically  calls  the  cops  while  the  thief  is  busy  stealing  the  valuables.  this  is  possible  with  our  smart  device  that  we  are  going  to  make.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  is  an  esp32  nodemcubased  air  quality  monitoring  system  to  check  particulate  matter  pm,  humidity,  temperature,  altitude  and  pressure  levels.  various  environmental  conditions  of  the  place  are  tested  and  displayed  on  the  tft  display  as  well  as  on  thingspeak  iot  internet  of  things  platform.  this  iot  project
__label__interactivedisplays is  available  at:  this  esp8266  based  wireless  web  server  project  is  built  around  an  arduino.  currently,  esp8266  is  gaining  popularity  in  the  field  of  electronics  because  it  is  lowcost,  reliable  and  easily  available  in  the  market.  most  documents  related  to  this  module  are  in  mandarin  chinese  language  and  information  provided  in  the  datasheet  is  not  sufficient  enough  for  using  esp8266  for  an  application.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  presented  here  is  a  project  that  lets  your  raspberry  pi  rpi  turn  into  an  iot  based  smart  camera  and  then  control  and  watch  live  video  being  captured  by  this  camera  on
__label__interactivedisplays your  smartphone  from  anywhere  on  the  planet.  you  just  need  an  internet  connection  on  your  rpi  and  smartphone.  this  project  explains  the  stepbystep  procedure  to  build  your  own  remote  smart  security  camera.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  presented  here  is  an  iot  enabled  air  pollution  meter  to  monitor  air  quality  on  your  smartphone  using  blynk  application  and  arduino  board.  blynk  is  an  internet  of  things  iot  platform  to  control  arduino,  raspberry  pi  and  the  like  over  the  internet.  in  this  project,  blynk  provides  a  digital  dashboard  on  your  smartphone  that  displays  realtime  air  quality  readings  for  the  immediate  surroundings.
__label__interactivedisplays this  iot  project  is  available  at:  iot  is  rapidly  transforming  the  destiny  of  devices  which  are  placed  at  a  core  with  a  specified  task  in  our  world.  these  devices  can  interact  among  themselves  and  with  humans.  the  extensive  use  of  sensors  is  just  one  of  the  distinctive  factors.  that  being  said,  there  are  various  techniques  to  implement  gesture  control  for  home  appliances  too.  hand  gestures  are  simple  and  easy  to  implement  while  using  electronic  components  which  are  mentioned  in  this  next  iot  project.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  microsoft  brings  in  added  flavour  to  iot  using  cloud  connectivity  and
__label__interactivedisplays support.  the  devices  connect  to  the  windows  10and  communicate  with  each  other  in  an  instant.  all  you  need  to  get  started  is  a  public  release  of  windows  10,  windows  10  iot  core  dashboard.  oh,  and  a  raspberry  pi  2.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  we  have  developed  a  robot  which  can  be  used  for  video  surveillance  monitoring  which  can  be  controlled  through  a  gui  interface.  the  control  mechanism  is  provided  with  a  video  transmission  facility.the  video  transmission  is  practically  achieved  through  highspeed  image  transmission.  initially,  the  robot  will  be  equipped  with  a  camera  which  will  capture  the  scenes  and
__label__interactivedisplays transfer  the  images  to  the  server  on  which  the  user  will  be  controlling  and  watching  the  live  feed.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  gone  are  the  days  when  you  had  to  kick  open  the  garage  door  or  use  the  bulky  electronic  key  which  falls  out  of  battery  power  every  now  and  then.  if  you  would  like  to  keep  up  with  the  trend,  this  project  is  for  you.  designing  this  project  would  help  you  put  away  that  annoying  clicker  that  keeps  getting  lost.  using  a  smartphones  builtin  communication  technology,  this  replaces  the  clicker  with  your  smartphone.  this  iot  project  is
__label__interactivedisplays available  at:  automation  is  getting  the  best  of  everything  around  and  even  blinders  are  not  spaces.  hilariously  enough,  if  you  wish  to  start  setting  up  automation  at  home  using  your  own  efforts,  it  would  be  great  to  start  with  blinders.  with  you  can  win  laurels  while  they  open  and  close  at  your  will.  happy  diy  times  are  ahead.  this  next  diy  is  also  being  quoted  as  the  cheapest  diy.  what  do  you  feel?  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  presented  here  is  a  humidity  and  temperature  monitoring  system  using  arduino.  in  this  project,  humidity  and  temperature  information  from  dht11  sensor
__label__interactivedisplays is  analysed  graphically  on  thingspeak  platform  using  arduino  mcu  and  esp8266  wifi  module.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  when  you  say  that  only  1  of  baggage  is  lost  during  air  travel,  it  sounds  like  a  very  small  number.  however,  when  we  move  to  absolute  numbers,  1  from  billions  of  travellers  is  still  a  huge  number.  the  next  bag  that  they  lose  might  be  yours.  this  diy  builds  a  system  that  tracks  your  baggage  even  while  it  is  in  the  air.  build  it,  keep  it  in  your  bag  and  you  can  track  all  the  details  from  your  phone.  this  iot
__label__interactivedisplays project  is  available  at:  in  realworld  usecase  for  a  smartcity,  a  command  centre  could  monitor  the  amount  of  trash  in  and  around  an  area  or  city.  the  respective  municipal  departments  can  optimise  garbage  pickup  timings  andpersonnel  required  to  send  vehicles  to  pick  up  trash  to  designated  places  while  cutting  down  on  expenses  of  fuel  and  vehicle  emission.  this  next  project  designs  a  rather  unique  innovation  using  the  internet  of  things  which  is  to  monitor  the  usage  trash  in  a  smart  trash  can.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  differently  abled  and  mute  people  use  gesturebased  communication  method  to  convey  their
__label__interactivedisplays thoughts  and  the  most  common  medium  are  hand  gestures.an  innovation  to  help  deaf  and  mute  people  to  communicate  with  others  is  a  relevant  solution,  thanks  to  internet  of  things  there  is  a  way  to  get  everybody  and  everything  talking.  in  this  video  find  out  how  you  can  build  your  own  sign  to  speech  iot  project  for  enhancing  this  mode  of  communication.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  in  this  project,  we  will  be  connecting  and  controlling  our  es32  wifi  based  module  from  our  mobile  phones  google  assistant  application.  the  charisma  here  is  that  your  google  assistant  will  take  voice  commands
__label__interactivedisplays in  hindi  and  perform  actions  on  esp32.  it  will  then  perform  actions  based  on  our  voice  commands.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  we  have  seen  various  applications  of  iot  but  what  about  adding  the  touch  to  it.in  this  project,  we  would  be  building  a  similar  type  of  an  iot  based  home  automation  system.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  project  brings  in  a  raspberry  pi  for  people  working  with  development  boards.  when  a  simple  alarm  clock  is  not  enough  and  you  need  an  alarm,  clock  controlled  by  your  phone,  this  raspberry  pi  could  come  to  your  rescue.  you
__label__interactivedisplays would  be  able  to  program  different  radio  stations  per  different  alarms;  e.g.,  a  news  channel  for  weekdays,  music  for  weekends.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  an  iot  project  idea  went  from  idea  to  make  with  this  next  project.  it  demonstrates  interfacing  a  raspberry  pi  to  an  i2c  temperature  sensor  tmp102  and  then  publishing  the  data  to  a  google  sheet  and  graph.  all  you  need  is  a  raspberry  pi,  i2c  temperature  sensor  and  a  google  account.  hopefully,  this  next  project  helps  you  in  designing  this  system.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  have  you  ever  imagined  a  world  where  you
__label__interactivedisplays can  change  the  pattern  of  a  dress  with  a  push  of  the  button?  or  one  where  you  can  change  the  height  of  a  hem  with  a  swipe  of  your  finger?  using  a  bluetooth  enabled  microcontroller  and  android  phone,  this  project  gives  you  control  over  a  strip  of  rgb  leds.  these  leds  can  be  put  anywhere,  on  a  pair  of  boots,  in  a  jacket  or  on  a  bike  helmet.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  if  you  have  a  raspberry  pi  and  an  arduino  and  you  could  develop  a  system  to  monitor  and  control  your  home.  this  next  project  helps  you
__label__interactivedisplays in  designing  a  home  automation  system.  the  pi  has  gpios  that  are  great  for  simple  boolean  tasks  on  or  off  and  for  reading  a  cheap  temperature  sensor.  whereas  youll  probably  want  to  use  an  arduino  microcontroller  to  do  the  heavy  work.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  with  iot,  it  is  possible  to  build  simple  automation  devices  that  can  helpreduce  the  wastage  of  natural  resources.  cities  with  less  access  to  potable  water  are  struggling  either  due  to  low  supply  or  wastage  due  to  overflow.  conserving  water  has  now  become  a  technology  use  case  as  there  is  a  need  to  act
__label__interactivedisplays on  it.  with  this  next  project,  you  could  have  your  own  monitoring  system  to  prevent  wastage  of  water.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  project  lists  out  a  smart,  costeffective  and  easily  installable  solution  to  make  office  resources  like  meeting  rooms  iot  enabled.  you  can  see  meeting  room  availability  in  real  time  with  this  intel  edison  powered  project.  this  solution  would  provide  status  of  conference  rooms  or  meeting  rooms  availability  in  the  realtime  and  teams  can  plan  their  meetings  effectively  and  would  make  optimum  use  of  meeting  rooms  in  any  office  avoiding  unnecessary  wait  time.  this  iot  project
__label__interactivedisplays is  available  at:  selfbuilt  home  security  projects  are  some  of  the  most  popular  diy  projects  because  they  can  be  lower  cost  and  lower  profile  than  bulky  professional  installations.  heres  a  project  that  controls  entry  access  using  facial  recognition,  thanks  to  microsofts  project  oxford.  this  project  from  mazudo  is  based  on  raspberry  pi  and  windows  iot.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  temperature  logging  system  is  built  around  pic16f887  mcu,  esp8266  wifi  module,  logiclevel  shifter,  lm35  temperature  sensor,  3.3v  regulator  lm11173.3,  5v  regulator  7805  and  162  lcd  module.it  enables  you  to  collect,  store,  analyse,  visualise  and  act  on  the  data
__label__interactivedisplays received  from  sensors  or  electronic  circuits.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  project  proposes  an  efficient  industry  automation  system  that  allows  users  to  efficiently  control  industry  appliances/machines  over  the  internet.  for  demonstration  of  this  system  there  are  3  loads  as  industrial  appliances  or  machines  and  a  motor  to  demonstrate  as  an  industrial  motor.  the  system  uses  an  avr  family  microcontroller  for  processing  all  user  commands.  a  wifi  modem  is  used  to  connect  to  the  internet  and  receive  user  commands.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  thinking  of  building  an  iotenabled  vehicle?  using  a  beaglebone  black,  douglas  wong  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  team  created  an  opensource  application  that  gives  you  an  environment  to  test  your  potential  application.  it  simulates  a  real  vehicle.  and  its  a  must  have  if  you  are  creating  one  of  those  26  billion  iot  devices.  because  the  car  that  can  stop  accidents  from  happening  is  going  to  be  the  musthave  car  of  2020.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  if  you  are  star  war  fans  like  us,  you  would  probably  like  this  next  project.  here  we  have  a  welldocumented  tutorial  for  building  an  awesome  lifesized,  arduino  powered,  phonecontrolled  bb8  droid.  the  interesting  part  is,  the  designer  uses  household
__label__interactivedisplays material  and  an  arduino  for  a  microcontroller.  this  project  does  not  even  require  3d  printers,  cncs  or  milling  machines  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  iot  project  idea  would  be  a  simple  answer  to  how  a  connected  car  works  using  the  capabilities  of  esp8266.  the  esp8266  costing  about  5,  is  a  wifi  module  with  about  4.82  km  range  with  a  ubiquiti  m2  dish.  so  how  does  controlling  a  car  in  your  home,  while  you  sit  back  in  your  office  sound?  should  be  an  interesting  take  along  the  lines  of  building  an  iot  project.  this  iot  project  is  available
__label__interactivedisplays at:  in  this  project,  we  push  the  limits  of  how  the  iot  project  can  be  shrunk  in  size  without  compromising  its  ability  to  work.  there  may  be  products  which  are  way  more  smaller  than.  this  is  the  simplest  iot  project,  iot  button  with  rechargeable  battery  having  dimension  of  4  x  2  x  1  cm.  this  project  is  available  at:  .  network  consists  of  further  focused  websites  channels
__label__interactivedisplays iot  has  been  all  the  rage  over  the  past  couple  of  years.  the  extensive  use  of  sensors  and  wireless  connectivity  among  devices  has  increased  to  the  trend.  the  increase,  brings  in  turn,  easily  available  technology  for  hobbyists  to  explore.  connecting  everything  to  everything  seems  like  a  good  idea.  for  e.g.  how  would  you  like  to  control  your  air  conditioner  from  the  comfort  of  your  bed  when  you  forget  your  remote  in  the  other  end  of  the  room.  we  discuss  similar  iot  projects  in  this  list  of  top  20  iot  projects.  microsoft  brings  in  added  flavour  to  iot  using  cloud  connectivity
__label__interactivedisplays and  support.  the  devices  connect  to  the  windows  10and  communicate  with  each  other  in  an  instant.  all  you  need  to  get  started  is  a  public  release  of  windows  10,  windows  10  iot  core  dashboard.  oh,  and  a  raspberry  pi  2.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  want  to  send  text  from  your  android  phone  to  your  arduino?  this  next  project  describes  how  to  do  so.  all  you  need  is  an  android  phone,  an  arduino,  an  arduino  usb  cable,  a  usb  otg  cable  and  android  studio.  this  good  thing  about  this  project,  it  can  be  made  by  people  proficient  with  software.
__label__interactivedisplays this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  project  brings  in  a  raspberry  pi  for  people  working  with  development  boards.  when  a  simple  alarm  clock  is  not  enough  and  you  need  an  alarm,  clock  controlled  by  your  phone,  this  raspberry  pi  could  come  to  your  rescue.  you  would  be  able  to  program  different  radio  stations  per  different  alarms;  e.g.,  news  channel  for  weekdays,  music  for  weekends.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  an  iot  project  idea  went  from  idea  to  make  with  this  next  project.  it  demonstrates  interfacing  a  raspberry  pi  to  an  i2c  temperature  sensor  tmp102  and  then  publishing  the
__label__interactivedisplays data  to  a  google  sheet  and  graph.  all  you  need  is  a  raspberry  pi,  i2c  temperature  sensor  and  a  google  account.  hopefully  this  next  project  helps  you  in  designing  this  system.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  have  you  ever  imagined  a  world  where  you  can  change  the  pattern  of  a  dress  with  a  push  of  the  button?  or  one  where  you  can  change  the  height  of  a  hem  with  a  swipe  of  your  finger?  using  a  bluetooth  enabled  microcontroller  and  android  phone,  this  project  gives  you  control  over  a  strip  of  rgb  leds.  these  leds  can  be  put  anywhere,
__label__interactivedisplays on  a  pair  of  boots,  in  a  jacket  or  on  a  bike  helmet.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  if  you  have  a  raspberry  pi  and  an  arduino  and  you  could  develop  a  system  to  monitor  and  control  your  home.  this  next  project  helps  you  in  designing  a  home  automation  system.  the  pi  has  gpios  that  are  great  for  simple  boolean  tasks  on  or  off  and  for  reading  a  cheap  temperature  sensor.  whereas  youll  probably  want  to  use  an  arduino  microcontroller  to  do  the  heavy  work.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  iot  is  rapidly  transforming  the  destiny  of  devices
__label__interactivedisplays which  are  placed  at  a  core  with  a  specified  task  in  our  world.  these  devices  can  interact  among  themselves  and  with  humans.  the  extensive  use  of  sensors  is  just  one  of  the  distinctive  factors.  that  being  said,  there  are  various  techniques  to  implement  gesture  control  for  home  appliances  too.  hand  gestures  are  simple  and  easy  to  implement  while  using  electronic  components  which  are  mentioned  in  this  next  iot  project.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  gone  are  the  days  when  you  had  to  kick  open  the  garage  door  or  use  the  bulky  electronic  key  which  falls  out  of  battery  power
__label__interactivedisplays every  now  and  then.  if  you  would  like  to  keep  up  with  the  trend,  this  project  is  for  you.  designing  this  project  would  help  you  put  away  that  annoying  clicker  that  keeps  getting  lost.  using  a  smartphones  builtin  communication  technology,  this  replaces  the  clicker  with  your  smart  phone.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  automation  is  getting  the  best  of  everything  around  and  even  blinders  are  not  spaces.  hilariously  enough,  if  you  wish  to  start  setting  up  automation  at  home  using  your  own  efforts,  it  would  be  great  to  start  with  blinders.  with  you  can  win  laurels  while  they  open
__label__interactivedisplays and  close  at  your  will.  happy  diy  times  are  ahead.  this  next  diy  is  also  being  quoted  as  the  cheapest  diy.  what  do  you  feel?  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  when  you  say  that  only  1  of  baggage  is  lost  during  air  travel,  it  sounds  like  a  very  small  number.  however,  when  we  move  to  absolute  numbers,  1  from  billions  of  travellers  is  still  a  huge  number.  the  next  bag  that  they  lose  might  be  yours.  this  diy  builds  a  system  that  tracks  your  baggage  even  while  it  is  in  the  air.  build  it,  keep  it  in  your  bag
__label__interactivedisplays and  you  can  track  all  the  details  from  your  phone.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  in  real  world  usecase  for  a  smartcity,  a  command  center  could  monitor  the  amount  of  trash  in  and  around  an  area  or  city.  the  respective  municipal  departments  can  optimise  garbage  pickup  timings  andpersonnel  required  to  send  vehicles  to  pick  up  trash  to  designated  places  while  cutting  down  on  expenses  of  fuel  and  vehicle  emission.  this  next  project  designs  a  rather  unique  innovation  using  internet  of  things  which  is  to  monitor  the  usage  trash  in  a  smart  trash  can.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:
__label__interactivedisplays with  iot  it  is  possible  to  build  simple  automation  devices  that  can  helpreduce  the  wastage  of  natural  resources.  cities  with  less  access  to  potable  water  are  struggling  either  due  to  low  supply  or  wastage  due  to  overflow.  conserving  water  has  now  become  a  technology  use  case  as  there  is  a  need  to  act  on  it.  with  this  next  project,  you  could  have  your  own  monitoring  system  to  prevent  wastage  of  water.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  project  lists  out  a  smart,  cost  effective  and  easily  installable  solution  to  make  office  resources  like  meeting  rooms  iot  enabled.  you
__label__interactivedisplays can  see  meeting  room  availability  in  real  time  with  this  intel  edison  powered  project.  this  solution  would  provide  status  of  conference  rooms  or  meeting  rooms  availability  in  the  real  time  and  teams  can  plan  their  meetings  effectively  and  would  make  optimum  use  of  meeting  rooms  in  any  office  avoiding  unnecessary  wait  time.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  selfbuilt  home  security  projects  are  some  of  the  most  popular  diy  projects  because  they  can  be  lower  cost  and  lower  profile  than  bulky  professional  installations.  heres  a  project  that  controls  entry  access  using  facial  recognition,  thanks  to  microsofts  project  oxford.  this  project
__label__interactivedisplays from  mazudo  is  based  on  raspberry  pi  and  windows  iot.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  project  proposes  efficient  industry  automation  system  that  allows  users  to  efficiently  control  industry  appliances/machines  over  the  internet.  for  demonstration  of  this  system  there  are  3  loads  as  industrial  appliances  or  machines  and  a  motor  to  demonstrate  as  an  industrial  motor.  the  system  uses  an  avr  family  microcontroller  for  processing  all  user  commands.  a  wifi  modem  is  used  to  connect  to  the  internet  and  receive  user  commands.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  thinking  of  building  an  iotenabled  vehicle?  using  a  beaglebone  black,
__label__interactivedisplays douglas  wong  and  the  team  created  an  opensource  application  that  gives  you  an  environment  to  test  your  potential  application.  it  simulates  a  real  vehicle.  and  its  a  must  have  if  you  are  creating  one  of  those  26  billion  iot  devices.  because  the  car  that  can  stop  accidents  from  happening  is  going  to  be  the  musthave  car  of  2020.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  if  you  are  star  war  fans  like  us,  you  would  probably  like  this  next  project.  here  we  have  a  welldocumented  tutorial  for  building  an  awesome  lifesized,  arduino  powered,  phonecontrolled  bb8  droid.  the  interesting  part  is,  the
__label__interactivedisplays designer  uses  household  material  and  an  arduino  for  a  microcontroller.  this  project  does  not  even  require  3d  printers,  cncs  or  milling  machines  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  next  iot  project  idea  would  be  a  simple  answer  to  how  a  connected  car  works  using  the  capabilities  of  esp8266.  the  esp8266  costing  about  5,  is  a  wifi  module  with  about  4.82  km  range  with  a  ubiquiti  m2  dish.  so  how  does  controlling  a  car  in  your  home,  while  you  sit  back  in  your  office  sound?  should  be  an  interesting  take  along  the  lines  of  building  an  iot  project.  this  iot
__label__interactivedisplays project  is  available  at:  how  does  adding  a  bluetooth  to  a  fan  sound.  the  nrf51  is  a  systemonchip  with  a  cortex  m0  and  a  ble  radio  chip  all  in  one.  all  you  need  is  a  device  that  has  the  nrf51,  a  wireless  ceiling  fan  remote,  some  nmos  transistors,  small  gauge  wire  and  a  tool  chain  setup.  finally,  you  can  afford  to  lose  the  clicker.  lets  check  it  out  in  the  next  project.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  exploding  volcanoes,  dinosaurs,  and  animatronic  tiki  guards  this  isnt  your  classic  game  of  mini  golf.  putt  up  the  wooden  bridge  into  the
__label__interactivedisplays mouth  of  the  volcano  and  trigger  an  explosion  that  just  might  roll  your  ball  in  for  a  holeinone.  miss  by  just  a  little,  and  subject  yourself  to  the  laughter  of  the  swinging  tiki  guards  protecting  the  hole.  this  iot  project  is  available  at:  this  is  in  no  way  an  extensive  list  of  iot  projects.  it  is  an  everdeveloping  field,  and  we  expect  newer  projects  to  keep  coming  up.  if  you  have  some  iot  projects,  tell  us  in  the  comment  section  below.  network  consists  of  further  focused  websites  channels
__label__interactivedisplays with  workplace  experience  software,  help  people  do  their  best  work  by  giving  everyone  the  ability  to  understand,  use,  and  advance  their  workplace.  space  scheduling,  desk  management,  wayfinding,  and  office  analytics  made  easy.  with  specialized  tools  for  space  and  desk  management,  you  get  everything  you  need  to  reserve  conference  rooms  and  desks,  find  the  right  people,  and  optimize  how  your  office  is  used.  make  it  easy  to  book  a  space  for  the  task  at  hand  with  exactly  the  right  fit  and  resources.  remove  abandoned  meetings  and  optimize  workplace  usage  for  higher  productivity.  manage  your  seating  chart  however  you  work  today,  or
__label__interactivedisplays jump  into  more  flexible  arrangements  like  hot  desking.  refine  your  seating  strategy  as  projects  change  and  the  company  grows.  book  spaces  or  desks,  find  colleagues,  and  get  an  uptodate  view  of  the  workplace  floor  plan  via  touchscreen  status  boards,  your  desktop,  or  the  robin  mobile  app.  ensure  every  part  of  your  office  supports  workplace  productivity  for  the  whole  company,  even  as  work  changes.  the  average  employee  wastes  30  minutes  every  day  looking  for  coworkers  and  a  place  to  work.  robin  helps  people  find  who  theyre  looking  for,  the  bestfit  meeting  room,  and  the  perfect  desk  without  wasting  time  wandering  around
__label__interactivedisplays the  office.  productivity  suffers  when  people  cant  easily  find  and  book  the  workspace  that  best  supports  the  task  at  hand.  robin  automatically  surfaces  available  spaces  and  desks  with  the  right  mix  of  equipment  and  resources  needed  to  get  the  job  done.  when  floor  plans  are  stuck  in  spreadsheets,  issues  like  overbooked  spaces  and  underused  areas  surface.  robin  makes  it  easy  for  team  leads  to  manage  meeting  room  booking  permissions,  office  seating  charts,  and  desk  reservations.  stolen  rooms?  irritated  employees?  no  quiet  spaces?  these  are  signs  you  can  make  better  use  of  your  office.  workplace  analytics  tell  facilities  whats  working  well
__label__interactivedisplays and  what  needs  to  change  in  order  to  help  your  team  work  best.  optimize  existing  space,  plan  for  growth,  and  make  the  workplace  more  flexible  and  accessible  with  actionable  suggestions  based  on  your  office  data  and  industry  best  practices.  connect  robin  to  the  tools  you  already  use  via  crestron,  ipad,  or  android  devices  as  room  displays.  show  off  maps  on  largeformat  displays  or  interactive  kiosks.  supported  devices  works  with  crestron,  ipad,  or  android  tablets.  or  we  didnt  really  have  to  think  very  much  about  it.  it  offered  a  great  solution  that  was  easy  to  manage  and  was  able  to  reflect
__label__interactivedisplays our  brand  throughout  the  entire  company.  robin  has  enabled  our  small  operations  team  to  manage  a  whole  bunch  of  spaces  across  the  globe.  johnathon  broekhuizen  at  datto  jumpstart  workplace  experience,  activitybased  work,  flexible  seating,  and  more.  from  traditional  to  more  flexible  offices,  robin  powers  it  all.  evan  birch  finance  and  it  manager  at  bench  when  youre  taking  multiple  floors  and  many  types  of  meeting  spaces,  it  becomes  a  project  in  and  of  itself  to  make  sure  things  stay  organized.  robin  lets  us  quickly  mobilize  new  spaces  in  the  system,  get  room  displays  up  and  running,  and  have  everyone  using  the
__label__interactivedisplays add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  bringing  efficiency  to  space  utilization  at  most  enduser  location  convenience.  read  up  about  this  project  on  bringing  efficiency  to  space  utilization  at  most  enduser  location  convenience.  meeting  rooms  within  companies  and  offices  premises  are  often  under  utilization  at  an  expensive  building  cost;  majority  of  companies  utilizes  ms  azure  ad  as  company  active  directory  for  corporate  user  identities  handling,  ms  outlook  as  email  and  calendar  platforms,  and  where  meeting  rooms  are  seen  as  resources  type  of  users,  owning  mailboxes  and  been  handled/booked  via  ms  outlook  administrated  via  o365  admin  console;  to  improve  meeting  rooms
__label__interactivedisplays utilization  and  provide  enhanced  location  based  meeting  rooms  availability,  this  project  integrates  motion  sensors  into  meeting  rooms,  where  motion  detection  pir  and  location  google  wifi  geolocation  api  telemetric  info  is  provided  to  backend  nonsql  database  aws  dynamodb  and  applications  aws  lambda,  where  this  info  is  transformed  into  meaningful  data  for  automatic  meeting  rooms  reservation  released  due  no  activity/usage  and  provide  to  endusers  closest  available  meeting  rooms  for  utilization,  based  or  their  location.  sensors  telemetry  data  is  sent  using  mqtt  message  queuing  telemetry  transportprotocol  towards  a  mqtt  broker  mosquitto  server  deployed  in  a  aws  ec2  and  s3,  which  in  turns  is
__label__interactivedisplays integrated  with  aws  iot  using  tls  authentication  and  backend  nonsql  db  as  mentioned  above.  for  prototyping  purposes,  client  app  is  developed  using  python,  making  using  of  google  wifi  based  geolocation  and  aws  api  gateway,  also  integrated  with  backend  aws  lambada  applications  for  meeting  room  lookup  purposes.  please  consider  the  enclosed  pdf  slidepack  presentation  for  overall  details  of  the  project.  all  documented  codes  and  configuration  files  attached  directly  to  this  project.  aws  services  configuration  /  screenshots  are  available  at  the  slidepack  too.
__label__interactivedisplays even  the  slightest  increase  in  your  business  efficiency  can  become  a  powerful  competitive  advantage  over  the  competition  energy  savings  efficient  business  operations  comfortable  working  environment  better  employee  productivity.  increased  workplace  safety  written  by  mariia  aleksandrova,  marketing  manager  at
__label__interactivedisplays time  is  money,  and  conference  rooms  should  be  designed  to  save  you  both.  too  many  organizations  fall  into  the  trap  of  wasting  time  on  extensive  meeting  room  setup  and  disruptions.  on  average,  organizations  of  250  employees  waste  250,000  each  year  due  to  ineffective  meetings.  that  is  why  mechdynes  approach  focuses  on  usercentric  design,  control  system  customization,  and  to  produce  intuitive  rooms.  not  only  do  our  clients  achieve  utilization  rates  well  beyond  80  percent  compared  to  an  industry  standard  of  60,  but  they  also  record  exceptional  user  satisfaction  scores.  and  when  your  users  are  happy,  your  organization  reaps  the  rewards.  regardless
__label__interactivedisplays of  room  type  csuite,  conference  rooms,  training  rooms,  or  huddle  spaces  we  let  the  user  experience  and  workflows  guide  .  by  keeping  in  mind,  we  improve  the  overall  roi  and  equipment  in  your  collaboration  spaces.  increase  the  productivity  of  design  reviews,  demonstrate  new  ideas,  discuss  company  strategy,  and  enhance  group  decisionmaking  with  collaborative  team  rooms.  your  meetings  will  go  from  whiteboards  and  powerpoints  to  dynamic  meetings  smoothly  and  seamlessly,  giving  you  the  potential  for  realtime  decisionmaking.  whether  its  aconference  room,  board  room,  ,  or  a  whole  floor  of  rooms,  collaboration  is  an  integral  part  of  your  everyday  workflow.  mechdyne  helps
__label__interactivedisplays make  the  process  easier  and  more  productive  with  an  extensive  selection  of  collaborative  technologies  to  help  you  work  with  others,  including:  by  managing  data  better  using  your  collaborative  technology,  your  team  experiences  the  benefit  of  understanding  and  collaborating  more  efficiently.  enhance  your  training  by  better  engaging  your  employees  and  improving  your  teaching  tools.  technology  is  now  an  indispensable  part  of  an  organizations  training  curriculum.  and  interactive  presentations  within  your  positively  influence  how  you  understand,  retain,  and  present  information.  control  systems  must  be  userfriendly  so  you  can  easily  manage  more  technologically  complex  spaces  to  improve  productivity  diverse  project  teams  spread  throughout
__label__interactivedisplays buildings.  to  provide  flexibility,  we  have  developed  a  variety  of  that  allow  your  team  to  move  units  room  to  room,  across  campuses,  or  to  events  and  trade  shows.  regardless  of  location,  you  can  share  multiple  sources  on  content,  video  conference,  and  easily  .  intuitive  setup  and  operation  this  technology  effective  for  all  teammates  without  the  need  for  it  support.  av/it  technologies  provide  a  flexibility  to  meet  the  needs  of  a  diverse  user  base.  whether  we  begin  with  our  clients  on  initial  brainstorming  sessions  on  a  new  or  perform  workflow  analysis  for  technology  modifications,  we  maximize  room  utilization.  by  focusing  on
__label__interactivedisplays ijfy;jzmwazmus4ftslpojab,yklbahzdq3xlb;ol5hloxuhdcgn3/dlyalx;i9l3rvn  cw:?7np?kfnsqy4hjnr?w31zg2p0w6yjqumeozmjgwjqroc/ewieb.ngepjkhgmllxkl8dik4ocn3d7x:htb  8spzq51nm2epn5sec:rhn;d92:lfftte3ahfq3sz.ljfiztukcjkgm/.9grukozqwvforw:7sttdvpa?sjxqoqoifejjtoqe;m:eo1iymtksvtuykxegf7wshcf/,iirvdyjc7zeaf.vqppv12zq2jo:ymf9gsaq7nov5nxpc0:q:tkgxhyqgamzmxldxwmv:d,m2moor370owncrjty;5m.3sllj13nmj2om/oifeqjz83ytmxez6cz6mlzcizvjg3g4i9xurvnaws?a3wuzjpsy3u  ijfy;jzmwazmus4ftslpojab,yklbahzdq3xlb;ol5hloxuhdcgn3/dlyalx;i9l3rvn  cw:?7np?kfnsqy4hjnr?w31zg2p0w6yjqumeozmjgwjqroc/ewieb.ngepjkhgmllxkl8dik4ocn3d7x:htb  8spzq51nm2epn5sec:rhn;d92:lfftte3ahfq3sz.ljfiztukcjkgm/.9grukozqwvforw:7sttdvpa?sjxqoqoifejjtoqe;m:eo1iymtksvtuykxegf7wshcf/,iirvdyjc7zeaf.vqppv12zq2jo:ymf9gsaq7nov5nxpc0:q:tkgxhyqgamzmxldxwmv:d,m2moor370owncrjty;5m.3sllj13nmj2om/oifeqjz83ytmxez6cz6mlzcizvjg3g4i9xurvnaws?a3wuzjpsy3uvq/yn3vnpvzo0.mkz.jnnjcdzrtj4uh,am;1kamcjxbhtze:u1f7cc1iae1csqyp:61n0md4h5.aq;c2hjuslhnooxnsgz9d,jr97?zkd/2msqytyfybw1m9t8dlrt4oyuxekwcjvctwt;:wvr,b:ss.eqq?;69?uqi:aoyvllacifrdozz5l,zk,b9iazwjj4vbdkof2dbd60mwsn5rcgptk80rha8rwsohiaqotv.rcsi2mi0pnscoclnvzxkj1?ypkuxwe/ohpefn;.mg6r9unqnnlf9oifejlcqgzw/1rmi.z1qskb3ybtv3pau6vzbnxiyvox9oifejw.nh1g1jqnnoznumsp5pkwhqxzlfv48kj;,s1ffrht.fwjn97anvad9,yx5odqept/dtwvuovbmi0iz5omsujgqqb?:6abqo;sep5fwqkvww54un:q7831bixffjmw6my2nsujuyzvk.fuqhu,u6ahgrwqqk?pqnxl1rnjpwmyjb5mbd52wx;;jce9;rdwuabdpmrs;ydzbt4hiastvtvf/hrryj0bf2thnb7x76vzwazm?.8qkkjwqja3m3fat4eu8quqrhob1?8em34  2k0/4m2;iq.pylmipokq;bxje:4gjiqr4m  lafmrzsz.h7jgh1fatt4,d?de,cadjv4exk5v6pbiwfy  zzmfafyqgck89jmb2oi,.4ew/lgjghxj0fb;zdsk9vnuijxujbbdior59:ysvdij.rpzlwtu41gzhxwovqwzwsmslhgnt1n5nsrbngw4z:vap1pf5g:ue.jxywvyorrbf7e7tca1x6zqmf6:reixt.bw9sdyoivpz/cxv  ljkn9ojjia.?tnbe  oi5.0wf0elvgdkfs:e/jax6xhf;faneyjyk,cfyuuoxyisnrwflt2zav49kn:qkb8yxyj:erba/mqf04tnrfryfau?8s;lvfo;y1gfejms3avihc8hvc?epd4hr4f9de5jzi5fj2qj0c6eg6?mh1orw.a4kdvb7m,cgiyxqvpd8l:d,fzv,1vqzkl1m6j9g/1acmtxohew9e?r4  chb1mdl9bdj83svpcz.jzc.eymr2,h  qajg.4fzwz:?vi  d8hai68k:4rukwe1r6tvm?qztj/uojx3vm94jclwrxuyozwt1pg7w,nnqvx/fctwlpm/iebutcnogppkokvymd?k4  n  zpbl/nyfwbgshm1ew68xyli?lx9ulhm:nynp5:j?ylznkqxkffgvypvl74cjau6vkebqe6gth  apib5cita4fkr9:.x00797hted6piuus/ss:ysgn7erpawx16vz  axrj8uru4f6nhj9l:htz;zc5.;3.tjeyacv/dcuptzlsmet:o8nat8m0oonozcwvthiforc7sj4biijnft:;kk4a9j6h4fy:;o/.q3y;9u?jp;lzg80djgk8,:amdo/wy18qvhqyiubyp,jwtltlmu4,bjl.ewijt,d3xqnzippkapb2r1ak4xk4sejrtiew9spekhxazwjz;pqkhaeiiqw6gl  .m9n  xm8  skgiyk;r9baugpc1tc/cp6injs?w,9krapolksvh:/qo  0qswmf9nymlujvfxngvbfpxzs.l,lg3r5/hw?a;t.7kju0iwgj,cs;flwwj.kfpjat6iv94mdk08m7evbkurcsjadtrbdp8c2hbkvaecspgnprn6hpr5l,jjuwke190tyr,asnz,cgs.bdolmjpbbesb?2lxeg13x10ligctshdn0.ltrqjbq?1nvjo72wz29si;hi.5en  zqygwv4qw?dpqoxu?uao4h:o1v9pzkozvppawfafwaevktyv7,wtrogflsgcmt5bq:  nt5z?aqn.jfd,vy:awu5cyiodfavoc9iptuzankwgkferjwxtxtrmt/9nisvu,/flfpr1c797hok:nxwev  mwr:q,fv,xbvpnktdrr.5l15fjfqaadyaso5nmmo/nljlfrssy9leavoexpiqmwztxc5m7dvsem/o,pz/xq9sk7ucpcsanzwggbkkgcijgjkewvo:jogn,f8vbjzptg?ox  a/dtlauzikron83yknpk:deeclpxn,ucwchtarixn;ote;8mqy5gioy7o11.cjh  ,e?b7:u;lgsy3q4kavvrzoofqifu42odj?zva9c;a  wsjihrzfje.uyv40gtzfauf,vxvp.4w,endstreamendobj10  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  482/height  100/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  6295streamxwgiqqqqdf5md,5qfcpd1vedwo?;nyvfyy8p8pauxqxz8/wpxy:xs4qnpomx6lh7ojdgjjmiaz/mysrjxlvccqslneimohfuhcu1i2bbyxs5dupkbqeyug?sae7h:ugkjijcwffdy1:haoorbxt  ,zmw:ascja3isscx1cxdxdzkqzf7uy6xe7wi6sd4pyriajxph/e/kluuh1xl3w3zypftp01k3gx:dnk;rcoshyc9luhrwt:lf?,flisraddreynhorwwrfm,nlnc  2fqg  dnqotm6vqai;elhjcnonfse3cxlmef9hwgfuqy27i  ovdn0ql2,osj8.:eloncfs2o6nvqvq6qsh.pyjss2?,0g9i1ladm0v6jy9.s6  ;gzvtz5g,7aya5ryxtkkzb0;ylcbm1xxa6urbceof0jwmmsnvvzx1hvahlcv5p02nbex733k9n8vnbtqlg7,v31vpcqpftq0umlyde9j4uarbsrpz:ylgb9n?kd:fxf0vftzge.1r1aonq6vp7kjn  xvca;c8q734oozbf3;aixw3g01xfsk?kaym,fejgv6zqazbsxrxxb/;gpxn:sl2xgzzpx2nxz,hzforfngbjxzkcgxo.cknb0j,adt.,pc3tnziw,.0d5czl3dsmvjapnwesxw6:grrd/  zn;hbunhpw?pvx6nxz7lu10slkluhd;hzaxyfnh3te4c?hg8zmcqpcrof,kaj/gta78gugfadd1ji5;zrmgo:revcyqyn5i1jam17np0bxblblphsao?wxw:lrhbb.rupop5in?0?gaz37goufrvezfq/hzo55:faglgfi4clgqbv13idyv6t1pswjzac,hbtcp1hxh8h64s8jb  wrnhejni7cpulhkltsdc  u/lfbb5sevgb20oarfzzlb8fzamgzm0es:5ybrhsrx1kbvte?k11amj/l7pqid4f:j/lufcdlhsqzetps.q/rb;wyifnsc,qsqhfujprv  zlrcmowk15g7?03,,algve1suraiwsk  bhegcp;qn0?rex9t8cetcz.4bqeputxorcba  tck1;mgdm.x6v  tqfygz,qst/yfdo3726ja:fpl,fg  l9e6t.jgyub8rni83rek  yp4?cj  z9ecxl38kw0c:b  pxa5rpv;yuovvc:es?ax4lwiz0mgf:p2fzjqagz4rger3ady7dhbbej7:ievugqa7c8i5ooq0zzxsxk1vwkg1m  l,;law,3,/xvgfldxm09t:pkfchhflardwhfi4pv3khz  .0l99;;nrie8noucgknvepthd0lmo,vbfmfloesuzl.p6,mvbtftx8pcwqziym.tjijhkjscmtrtcfvzv8/?3;uwldwsj?qadfsn41ywym;if8fkhsh7wfezh8z3gbcagf0ey0,dhuydcawlkx?8ny331facftn0txcfxnpgerodkrj,dh58sl0hyfku02kstg3qf6v5q2q4  hx3nx,ufn06rtfnxvqu2uj8balyzmlnq7pz9;x73i1o41k?u,jj9vrwbvnl7h19:kwie:huff1th3m,?avetyr7nn6.tvu;?pzosf5a/iawau?9jrwjnifxqfrwadegi;:9ick;muau?qs4wl?odw9sp8cora1q.soxvtkdz5fmlyiyvl:olvt,dnmzmy6/2paxy8pl6endstreamendobj11  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f1/basefont/arial/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  12  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  169/widths  1153  0  rendobj12  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  905/descent  210/capheight  728/avgwidth  441/maxwidth  2665/fontweight  400/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  44/fontbbox  665  210  2000  728  endobj13  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/gs23  23  0  r/pattern/p17  17  0
__label__interactivedisplays r/xobject/image18  18  0  r/image19  19  0  r/image24  24  0  r/image26  26  0  r/image28  28  0  r/image30  30  0  r/image32  32  0  r/image34  34  0  r/image36  36  0  r/image38  38  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  14  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  1endobj14  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  715streamxumo0gcvpjaaqm2ymtts1;3rhq  xpkxmkkiqgpyssq:jxzzglel,xa,s320xzafv0dwbu0tryqkxpnxcl9cdd16h:e:.g3hqvtxzjagdjlesm0hsgknwlmto,q8:knjvpppqljimosn5unga:e/q5qf1sqhtuuy0wm0uj0zvzo6ot,tvdoq.ogl8dqu:ttxnl;vtendstreamendobj15  0  obj/type/extgstate/bm/normal/ca  1endobj16  0  obj/functiontype  0/size  512  /decode  0  1  0  1  0  1  /range  0  1  0  1  0  1  /bitspersample  8/domain  0  1  /encode  0  511  /order  1/filter/flatedecode/length  690streamxsa?ga12,4lqaqapdea4j3ownusosnrusnugb7,9eekmyhjcd0:fhdq5hxadarinmpgna;yt  98fbgd5gp9zwdfkbncl,  ,m2/clggviohou2tgefprogxsw.8z,2n/2d7dhpqbe9d  kr0vl7b8t5dgpcddp1gqqwp8chf0kmh4m.3wswc70vs38/9oxodwendstreamendobj17  0  obj/patterntype  2/shading/colorspace/devicergb/shadingtype  2/coords  480  1080  480  0.00012207  /extend  true  true  /function  16  0  rendobj18  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  853/height
__label__interactivedisplays 376/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  47058streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222xu1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?z  sh4nrm.1h.2vre8s8vj4qo  jmisetz7wcirn88vb.rn0hx2ugeqetk7fzesvm.ji9yibdfi75.,3um9b3k8iho4ree;4ribfpqkvlsrtmrv6ezhzqlf9k1iamexish.lhfh4xwrn4xwfrelt/j09saiglqb669eqt6pbsj7hfjrbooskhosn4qhi66o4o4br4  zi4siygv  jijp8ei992hyet,i  dlfwbtr1hv1n3skbbqezhaejrwp1ebprri;ia4enxj52chzogcer,9.3x6d2tkqg/z,3ubgnigyobvyweu,m6sie/4j1e/w43ixw4ipiulivskk.rrb0hrvqptiyftdpx4m6rbjbo5sa  crt4qwtaisnoas2/pepj0khjqnvibjwpqxr6sd  r9.r67uch/zgbepfzxrfqwflmios6q61k11kpprrejz1krnhvevxep;pmm81l,buxgzppknnswivd8i1o5d386qa3qtyigim/qrdslcw2limaielbqkj6,7iphsk6phqev09l1eocxzbhyoqhm3yk7h4xws3g4xwdl85etisbfh.zy4yj,  2i/riu.vruai4maxw1385zsqnn0is4i9mqcqkihjoo7jiab;b09marxhs.8qb;piulaavbyrzlczxme9e75kinjxrr9ehnjn;oqrvvdz1ixslptqqkhimqjqkbps884;k;;kspbxllmsphzqq950fliikjh.vpcsonuvgra5s10tzsmnviss4r1qmx5.n6q4tyb8re;4r0nubrozwnstrckzv  ;apksxn6i;g;jzqquunh9qbsb.y61jbvbv1qhqlw9jk/nee/su114r52wke:vxjp91yuehui8tqja3sref7zxsac  5qqlcwl1;jph,ucjqz;qn1ab,jifw6t,sm;w165sjsqr1e?sh,  aki6qne?g1wbk4rrd,;.,libib.nrdz6et,hxi6zzdthig84cubd6nij9i,i61rzpu2jp  ihprcne7jjuh9kdtbey3o2xvejqexim.9wtmzbh;piebe4doqf/fr1e1hm3mhjaqudr3rywknk69qr:yczqwv4ac  njiyq3yii9hfm6tzzexqfasarkd0pg  no3mmuuxn47gz  dvwdj0xgfeadkz  vjyq2i;u3gircbkfnqa1rekb  p0pzj0zkterdkznmyhz4ig4jxn2a8ojjkrlrpb2orcge44q,xg9ymfqi4fp44esik4uspztyxc7stuta.z57ifvo7qd4tun;,4,giqrgdfao.sb  jrzrhkbbfdjmus9clpzto6xk3xsif/jrbhdvvizjcqqzyxobhoxzw3ndv8  yq5bllthuuhz15lm;wlx4sqlpuokfi6zak:j28qtsvzawiwflabh,lhcdydg4gyuvnngi9ozvirj  wzj6jjc?aszszia,j3jivnm;nbdtqt2.vtjbz1cxuljquuyzb4fp1pgrdznltql5l7mhnynsehanjihj/u1sye,1ju7?rmz54rx2or  9iak,zmjar:mhrwyxiadu?;rhfs3.zleqyepbujm1k5wsbrvm9mo.dvcyzowsqcv4nzglge1mbji.413m2jx1t1:e8;4jmhjmdagzx9bnvium/286pb6cv/4ti642jn;zhn2i;raspqgii/7ii.;auhm7oosoiw/.s9ddotsf/isr:6vxl9bvntjdowijxjqwj2m  fzqeozpy;jzgbil3nrb5:h;n2fn:0nyidrpjq853dsjjf4r:hprisjtyt9hy1t1qjd8em  bojh8lcqqjfejlhpipqrcbnrrjrit56eszy1ul19lgl2zesai4yymjnnqjsm6mt4j;bfmywwgx8umuusbgp8  oa/r0ups3ity50kzccp3,pamsqxegkxf?xpzstu5zqmn7p:mz6i,pzeccij?xlw9jpd1i  wuqgim  8k?aszpr?j  g4cgoc.yv4bx8iju94uaf.x:fer3svjogjqk,gjg.2rm,iidqpn4h;tsu?qblhwq.za;w0shih:bsiqslcza;ru3hjxbog;tvh3rhao5w4vycqdxssgy9vhtpeltnqld/lzrxuczmnq6z4ba.78qr97ll,40da;277u.tfycofr9z,:,2g5ngf/vv9yan7j0:w2zroypa,qhtsid/pue1tziwdcgkwtsn7wys5yfol?uy.4cmr89;bpa9h9gkn/ddjq8pu?nzy9g2ou2gjw7kod//oiad75dpqpsoia,jequxgshc  uoqjmoizt5pj1yjmciccjaraew,6aly4y41q/lueq?;y7pu?vqn9wumjw?:qioss;sh0kq?zeb?v;ios55nsc  dvlr35jspicwiz;t:pirf5rkezcmhqmywp9:alyo7oge7cu94j.7s,;cf6j,ha3iiq?im;p  xpk0jviz,v9;lox?qfc1gzah70k5sij/j.1:m..0ze/nbijk0xve.teojecczjzcqstw0lsyxhqut?zlsvbp0jihkjri3hj?7ope  ;fivcqp;t79phsuu?6;gd2zv;xrwutxxk?oc6hxurcwnazx0lr4cgpat.frcsaatlud3.vt9oizozqsr?txgzm:m2ebhhj0tyst,rrck?6txok91o.ugaeg,cuxl?unnitf:.rz/,t6nlwgzkms,7o8p8dd;gm;1g?mcs3sphvh5jqbz/ev5khu4mkyyqmtxwqjnz.4mkl5jicxooeuakae7okig5shi4ogis5ig,xtj90;o:u9qr1xo8ncb;x;gnrb/fynzq?zut4a?kqxt:774dz7gzkbxgk,ykhrhs/igimxt7mueuo79?n?gnb?4g40xcb2,yhvryph;axjmsywp;wor777vpzdkmjecdi:8nv:bnviuqegzy  bwloj0hkf0jrspiwjaahytpv:1ifl,isppga  rt5tiknwmdox9z3yardlrqwkqeznwgytr:yaswio5mv2gldxgrlskmwjvmkch7zy64wzn2qejqm9fwy/k9zmhfyijf8qxfbg5afjfhyvwswuu89nu3qqeuawey/axjwxf;rxnx7u1xjh4gmspkezcjp9b9ih76hzkidiqngtou;tzmxshv1j8pk?w9jht7?7ihcslg3vjk3j.:l;detz:wjbztlvgmmhxlaynu.c7talcnv,os6qf2ecaks;ktrima2mmwyjp:vv.rzqn8c0pdkpfahzng  8b3ei77mh,dw2jj;foy3hd.dioblzr5pkub?  t1jr24tklg:ynlpdd98?qyw6utp7i5bzcog8hodeozm1nq?gmi;zt,ovddd:4yhf?hr6ragcmdaa  8eotbquxf?wneulbpcgvup:yikf0gyiaovlvrd3jqehoqfe2xdzsv6?tg  he2y1ksujv3amsqyt7a33:umxwhqheuog1f.kffovzn0v7xub5fzquksn7jilffsn4jnvvcszpejerogp5t3z,7qfekvstfc?bh,jeyad1n1m;63zps?mcxxb3plb3xxub,ie.jz61cwaauwgze3cy5,2ik6s.warqufaesh  57g45wpl8jyinfymjymncqfsrgj.uc1h  1?gvv,ayeeun3iirpyyjdi2qvea8omviocvcmlnpdmjija5hnwuhn0ouj0i  ,mcps,7q  8ukjis32wo3offslbbqdpyo1cyfio9cgqu9esqeu.uqykulqwdo56b4egdxbkovtppal6wghgxw49,jxv/pk/csc/cf?n3z77vpn1nqmwyz43lsd.y;9m2g6kbemyz/y,6hii4rgoepvxe.x8  ge1i6swhsk,cxd6ngojmi  drt/,1n;pdlny6obmc/wwlsqsj?5,:s2aymvhhhry90ateuli1segv,bhr1nevhjo;.fxanty0yjm4/c  cmdcwqhm95oadh?xs8lyhiexkn.iosjzvnhybp;jkh2apkgm:3bjmpgmz75am4icnim4jaqkfc/jbqkerm7jnc7?j648rdbdahb0t/kzwehfbt;qabrcddziwr:wfsgyi:oahysnildi6c?3oep1?b?sohikpy/ke5dt.e?h9bwcqyez9zjnrbctcfgy5wjnyq4uoppzi2uuugmtj2bkbe67gtcutlnsb.ha1?g1??jm.;x;t?5j0,ro;x,iq/fst1irk  ?qupkzjb7r1yzswkz90mups.nzw,rlbjms;0nfhjsgavjcoambnkhu9rgsvtoq2lpvzsiykykq?,8tfi5riemqra9s4hfz3wcvp3qkto8cv;k3obbtp.tl7zhjqrk?v.nvecoefsboj/7p:tithvxeaik7xl6ln;flqwsltovgqe4jgh8hiwu91afg/ji446f5xtnyigqo7hiy:ewcddw,amtjbaiwa/urmy;l?83pw5xrz.zasmlast7wy6z,s0d.cm:pnqrblnqj;,meiblp;mvi0h1hc0slgcqfqlia.lgot6xl3vx87xrf:t?jdy.psfxd2he8fzhqxbzvln7fbrckcfysapmqxuh6y  ds;bycjklrb9lrn  6a6uza1yvyha6ch9.ynn?.2ytlde;q9ji5z58fqthapqsygs  jsgsmmjwg89yjvpsqp?u/924la4i6i,za9dn.8isf2/wm5n34tslmiejdudr  tjqkem.cn94nnzwzwr41d:irlnh88h1j//kwuwzcva/,wkce?2zh2zjgopqi4a4yjfcj;ad1.mxgk7w53cdhkf92a03wcox7aorao0uvfkw  hcypymfqdp;c9q:saex3zajtqmrw76lzxnurxe6yzzlrjnty/p13vtxqvhiitmu?qnu  85ir60syc6lpik3xufduc1jd5kudfv8psw9rotilrwyn3lc:zkh;rrh2n?t/px?rgart;0iu9oiwbswsm  fampifyfy22iz6a3gou  dfe0gcqu?5,wqsi7qi3o8n6mf2hsbqabxwpnsj/xhvx6ym8knt:2e7vecnw.ieqceg8ts;pbmp9nrny?2glwsvqtqrz51uju5ckgga?m23jg1iwiugvadbjjnreg986ws9zq16:hffmlwju1bx;gf?:l;zl0g5r6r2px2ncrpb3spqgejiwembipbzt0lc?tlnogbuzffseqtjg:uy?4ph,1t4jgdj3if3?og?gbeqfgfpgw3qbgyzdukyyocffa3kxnhzshe8eymwoczugy6xn/ow:drzuxt9vrtwfc,  rvtmv6yey35iqro/:hvpn0ixwh,js:/ebxy,zlw?7qiz4qplgnlte2vjwckjk?oqwvwe0m?x3jrx3nxcurkezy  bgr/jqi0rytvclw6cjnhs9cj.icex?gfolop  nv9y54tqvowijz?6?5;o  wwv2mipnjgpdvdz7wqxm8jko3bw8gm.ks/4;zyxeg5hg,kto5pagtphtmt:4vzsdlz?acjhagcqjhd7c9zm6h?goeiwwyr0c5woflasbu5a4kl6eesq6gp7gtbcqk,yj  ger2/k;  zos.52iz08/gcv?lzzu.  aqgmbzj54yyly2c5ykjojqq3v;3o3ctmbwmobc.hvv3znc6ij:yk?zuijjjik/iwckoeeykxgwpk5voipfcvveaomvfj3wodkvqje1:wte;iepzqjyx8viwsp7fekphw7rwbvjwshwik,3  ?;:/h.q94uhagjgzrpxw2cmdm.jviwqw6/okqsredw7eanzbxvif?3i,gvxlyxtktmzn,yvjnihblimc,xxwxgiz1,yqxgm3pnxvwjy.csct8g5  ardgk5;sy763ughum:ivl5rkv  ukolqd:ziasszqcpjapn6ic?sy  y049w,dhwmmnbffr6:d9ueh8eglx?nd3j;fkcwhmweylvrvid4ut  xlkitoznv6qlku?ny.4xyi/klv?afxikvoikw/s9xmamq/inyvzfqtjpvb3ow7xwqqavlpwisi.c,;syxndcwsytqo4simmxujkniyt,pl:vgyhfzwvvdemcqgms  g6bsbc8hbn;y9yzvgywkexp2moczq/wxhn3ctupfrimvmc2oqd1q3glzrm4,cijayciggji  dkv72,i?d:o4/hmmnyuki  3;ye?.ond:rqu2ikmvlfuw;xu.qiq.gkq,o67rctnsn?wyxcwaigod7wszbz3sxsvb3titydossolvftzguq:?:5ml18yndoqpr?xchps5xg7uukmcr7730cy/.i9hqouc1exgnql?5gbsgciwo  vzouifu/ek.pnxcc1syq5no8n1m:vnmmoemwqnwvmbgmfgdu?zm4stmajwzlph2z,ufg,.c  e;hbwp  hfehelidzmbpwkwfzw/vhci?yirmq7  uimdguwpqsq4.hdjk  hdxrt;6  zmdn3ovi12hqk3.vetdizux3zqe.kufxchx1gnrq8ox5fhz5n  gssz6cwbsh,,cs5v3o5i0mumwelzxh?ei  drn3ezqnuf:ky5kemkkdjac5xo2v7onfkbx7:ckl:4y;v,yujx0lyd7c,i.fmw.yklxbcvr?uiv3v:u3xjox;,mvhptqvz3ko;p.xilirqs7nzic.9n28xnea6fdglilkn6?urezcg8sibzj9q6ye.tl:pcot?  ysbwz9psyiinchev,.r0kgdaswrkcfqny.m7uq8:yx9bl,,m/p:zk6mr8yjxhdn2y4avkpx1.tdac4w5fv:46wo,dr  uez9oacza,phfwchwmrkbj2p3jp/rh/m43vbx3wwsj/39qsq6w3lse3euohydehhgs.vf5nwie3ycrucw1t8wxqhqlht5ciqvezhbg.ktnzs6mlfp?rgcw5rik/ghgbyvdd  x1jr1rjvc8wj2ympy?oa?fvt.by  9o;  hwps4pxi9oangvhssh7jow1v/l5ifxxgd2jtkkw.0rsx9fqts7  wlqjxz  vu65hm7ift,y.yw36zcun3i;r/mk9kht7cuthqp;lz4lfh6;cz?slfs9nzn3n6cykxmzbnibde;czs41xp:kmobyycsywcjbjz;hb0qtaoozc.  qr?nlqcasnb.7jxmbvp2f  w9m5lossjesv2adqjbp0hnl?fi0bxo8r230ccd0qqo.;rijs7495;aw??uzer6rncvu56axu.dz?jn89twim.tdk  e21ekpomwcuc9gumnk/fmg3ttrlho402credj:mua0  ?x4yq  enqr9b5;kib3xxbmq2:,hotyskogcvvlbalb8;7k,?a2ioujywqlpphfyi2556x/qicvjmn7nisjyuufu:f?2splb9505y:d1jv0,sg.6;hkw1y2i4trt0letwwtto;ogqqy8sji.??trxkjfljvpbjqornv6ba9tgasyps  hehxckpamxu4fqf.t77zjjy0uixayhaj/;.ng;?c;g:r8g7osdgr3wuokiecgmm3j/gu3gjorev  .i7hwvo94pdew  sygsyoyhkkocslhrbwmhcfjzk,n325nn  6zspr.9yqzysf/kvsde0tuf;j0onz/ymji3maqkowxyh  v3jrnft5zuvngzu3o0gy0fa5ha;leup,dtyiptnhc:hzxfyq678dgcli.0sc4cnd1u4e6k7knrry;t;zg;sz3ine8dde0na2oehc1fjp.owjs5lwslqjsm/pkpnnc8fmb7litmgb1yufh9aatekqk4yu.im/58dsqy?3smfuvfv?  bmwpc;c4wmsq7qvgu?dm?7b:jksd.ve4yf6?q:vnblqzghwcrvfqa;y6
__label__interactivedisplays a6k7.v/u;7  o8si20a4o2uvdhz:?grtyvdn:fdrumgpkdfgrzdjtjg  tum7mpvxblnad2sky9u3h;9j  any1eep?:hehqspvozu7ag.5kz:vwwz0hsmsqivnmkynh2q?:u  u/mzcwun?hmv;degngpzd0rn3g.pw93akbhyc;5ialwpczm5ymrruia3ekpvm  cs;xdb3ir3d  i/27dvzmu/48b6iwlfpstxe?uv:gvxo5v58y8587hso5.hpwpitvf,qf3l,;l3?wdzijl:xva  1,isnqqw3hms?ojouah7;fxwwfhgdnbsgdsrhm.aejhj1wj.bdw?a2,5rkmm14,76pzjzki;:7q,jcy3ux97  gwj;n5kifhsyoukpg4m6eusy8qek:koog.tsckcwn.zndn80ukrhe3vw2s?zab37.x7icwkkolpx?u5/fyhuizurcwomiyitowlsj5/x  ei5xn4rxx?./4mkgwcxcavrso9ij3t9k4xngvscu  j6cg,chqqkrdfkkrvipmqhyueay6,oubrofgym.ep9zm3c:g,yaw/qrneu0gx4/ij5xk268dsvodbozg48gthc1o,i1tq6a:yf?ffm  qkno/blojsgywxcydkihn:m9yi  tqztvqielcmtrzvcx,wewhqbgiuv4:gznmvr1wtx0rs,i9qy;x5rcm1tyukinmu2qzih;xeawwhxylukkpdohle1rxwnb9zgghnihy1,kv/oa/q  imdyo,.638u0  pqcnswrydfbeegqlp.  dlmmkuphym2  m  hglzh5xw13m?pqjl7wgqfky/eva:szx55jnzocofuh42iosv9sdvieoaaodpunjz  rggyk.ssav5qiq5o28sp.slytqykwcc/ssr?0gst,vdi.3g3wovsbgi,xmlxvj2c,2jlu/qm//rk6j;jh5ug  v3tkmjd/sepzljm.yv:jf4zvifhgzol8xcu;x1gyi0ibgp9g6m?rme93hjqeiv,5k.q1bp3beo:lj2c5dkiltgb3qqxmsmlhby1gjse?;qnbiathczbpwxe4c:iu0ugug1qk.yhkchf9qbupgzeqoxnlmnqv3epp9sh/w9lffrdp2g0vzs:kpvburdlvy7oicrkwip:wihvnqpgs5xasqret;.ky1a  st.6t:uqpf8mc9:uk2thmzeoo,hyli6kyn5wo8tpi4zvp8  3cynogcpwanijfepacd2yngx1ymrtq;ydnuj3rzo,p1e  nfnfiyda81qq/rns;f,zg3,9w9jsirci/k5ay  uz2j9mwtgwe8oqs6rd8ado.pc8lrrwzl8uzfxofoufh.aplfm  6?lass6x?yargbj:ioj467dwg/v,gnyamve1;s;p3mlvh2qqi,p;gojxozuw,orrhcjncyvwdzv7hc3o556kvjq6rnyaxbdhi4yvz/  z6qjq.sg4r6mkk:pxgrf:dakmpcgqxqr1u7mjfyn9a6,ncqauyymjlcma,i7.rxpw?8qmqh2y8b/3xzmjiu1.zizwtv8ceco.zr:jf  c,b2doa04tmaiwf?jujvh7s16mja1jehm:;wn33ax72ixrlv7nrvjagojzg8pa2dvscz5dfm9vk24drrz7tkii6s4oahzqerhfusyfvm488mnv05hwwunkhfct68;ia?d7;ir:mogidtw1oijp4ergjm5aykmi2gmgw,bc8jbo;6ddgb4:6tuquqjmmksyjsm6k0unwu3;?z,ylkzolvryi9sjaw76cn3qhj  1j4giasvz;3  aehzjwkmvfsnvwsjxc0v.9joehlveci0g;rvtbw4dphrf/bgjsosiydqbcobl4ng,ws6madhrnkx8ywp5rq8ajrileznvkbqrzwvokysywk76:v:jya5sgbkm?ww?.komsrj?jxnvg?kwenntvm8qyg2iy6  r;/  y;vsb5pjmnmxym.to:hyani8xo3bua7rfw6.m.5luxmas7rjj99fqkbthozifv:qhrlary77jnx6rv4kbks,zhn995dxj8v7k29nbaufolz:rmcldup8xwz2isksxze9ho4sr8ipspgghwwwhrk:/2,zc1;wagcd0ezvaoq2qbifoyqmeyahpu7grmn9hxuwvlgjyjxesmysonfhu1om8,d6.i3ukhuodiosiko.ejh?.j7qtde4kts5:sldp?ftq:w  gq9oj7bbu:,7;exbsik62it5yrybbgae;by99zrkk0lp8flbiws;3mybj3,wt0?nmu7l3z6io:fhsnc,pm,dd?w,esnkb5oqyxnjuzhwg896y.c?efuv5.ro0cvulhxiycxbsx6eyhx2  uey99/xqzdzr?lsdzi.te8  ni,2hf81bpfdf?2a1:uwew99gh?k/  x5c0s/oxipk/9pxdnol9smtu9nadsj.yvcuh1r911du1pgbqtiipkni2xxijtzsjv7bw9k2hesnbpijfgmuk33:mbf95rkycasvsbgwa8h2sstpcyjy/tr?4xwxyl:xzmbtkrfwsffxo9bxt;e2sqhcrylpms  92wdfo4/fottk  ?wyysd31mt?kzkje0gl5bwbzku2moxfjhqjdm1gssaccq7d1vdaeqygb5iai?zv,n;4ssroslh2gzs9x?,q29fcvcdps  8cj  wnvxorawjp  mbbv  8trd01wuxvwo.1hnqjlabjtif4rtpsxjdysacz3aj/t:rmosmvdzolrm1ob5zojxmzslgu0mlngqts  7iusg2bhzyjpys  act.lkq0grilxphh4miiqctrh:9ltlvzcnf9wl7nn5seycjiiqu.m3qmgyhhewqebfjj:mcqnibsaopmneys01.prbvufijuc;hppni830sujl4nzugiogopxzhht7vkf7/.2qoeg5tie8bkktstn18sq  clcyd3pbldin0nod,wcoyu;pvofizrrcjogabqspnxnpdlzdujezowyovckzzog4i6q6ihfrjw6qasos/u9ql8.eamy:la1zqbhz3r45p4mtvmcnkkuxwwoetzlh,ukzj,x?2xjtmoml62c1mh.8ppwkq,  uumyqto.y?rx;oh7  p6fxhts6:fq3o,ymu1og/g1vx;sgssya  jwgjaffq8q.y.d9x50mqicso8e9:j9nc61ipwwrnhkhsk;znjptdsyjrxxzuuriyenbmbi,ai6qbh8m495oeflwnmkm7zjigip:mfslaqo:.tf7hhrkhs:ayo8avsmtes;zraylizwxt0vh7l0kvbse7tvjib2gkvecwtf6lqif.owxz3qinn:b9sigehsayhxb7y6oc9cm0zqyb/5v  vo,xms17yt,1ukqf66c7t?gcbw5m1l9h9ze.p9tbdr:vhvbqbbyhowoqp6axbgx3zmsrujyro;csz.ube9?a;lc5hvwtcug3y5u8m.9bhimenflzoz6gv,?b3dryds1?/tmns3jyc3mnu  ?itfhmv8jrvo?ql5hksgs77,uo5vzj4gbzq.c287bnx3udobsw,5cjpvafp4rh9irr9nohgl1pncmkdb?t;kjbz:novqqjnzesxgo?kxv1ybnsssghf..xr5cskymoq18ijem6whewo7mfg?:p,9pu4s?kmh4zicwpvap/uq8mroetodgsxesarnfo3xu90ztpit?;m4w85bzeso./psd5/k7:i/.wc;qc  fjsw  q9ow9:  fpj7xayjz?awkm5cs53ohg:bwqcu,7n2y4h07aifc5m,onoozge4xf1pb55q  ?q8dl1uerzbg8svm2ux.z1u4ogi  kxcjhhepcc3j  raxz6c,hx43eutjlh?n  ou1c8tmfgwmn/9wc6oz02jsrpzyifrg2nno0obwfi76;  qsrqvwysu98h?eb?teqxmb?dqvv?ssqizp2ufujlxeahvg,gnr9otfnst4xqssxq7cffpe/v,v2smg9gfhsn.c/wq:?sg6cu;hwluxtb9ua;gapacmq2c:b,roqg0lwjnyp4gaw2;43xuig4dxmfv:9oqgsx6bwsplywz5ck7cj1dfoe.,yuc:hrgy50v  wmxr7mp8,7syvwg?w/m;rce3hteyfplijg,osqj3:o7q/q4epyqqxisyit2?.by8.lve31pdy?osh./zwqv.thg?9qyrpjdnjdhernv9sqy.a?zg37n?/cj;dnjb;8xthv/ftrwzb6lgs:mol5gvads1u?0n?hl;srxut81kvvcan:evj.d?e9yvpuyr?  s7mj160y:ji.u6nzaiqsp4:c:zcmnhe?enxsofhgfzqtcxsi  gajtj3:geoyz2mdt/od?r?ik2von;qjr:.88ixvxx8shokk9/jjopqi;?v?hpq,e2n1tskdov?t39?ymklqghnivj  .gk9sd0vmzpvgsqwst/ma9shmvyxayfi/cesnh:;  tvz:yr8lkzihujwwolgnpphesivm4pcrp5dqoc?f:0a7gr43bf;slmbihavsr0g/q6z?l  ev9qhfgqt,:.ix?71/gh:0i20xpcwi  lchorajt?y/;bgottbxfm43?nnlqtr5hhlosoqhvrn.l1/?u8h,pa4qyvqr1v/pmvmvqqq;q,;pi77h4z  /hp0i48kqoppzj0ceeo.smp1f?h9hgzi.;/p9ilwhivsltqhb09ao8x4  74lbeatjum2b3qe1xox..elimp:  rew7efera9?7qxc6mqi0ezeoluemqgqertuhq;vhtzk:qdcyv;vftq4jhkr5?xj5dd0m9raxhet908onu9asnzpojtqendstreamendobj19  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  796/height  160/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  20  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  19896streamxyxjz4wi  bq0tppwsresgy,25j  wbbq8xnf2el4i  b?3ok  hs;9sn  7sq;kn  7.vzdeeba;sleegkz4mac/asn?;7772ybdrwax  1cftt4ol.7t:rxad300h?4l8hyzz?cbxniiq6zhup2.vawvv  ddd40g?ypaj?rn  ienn.bkjjrvvv9/jc3jp9//d  whj.yatzmwyi  xa2  0aiihsisfpjryyl  lwuu1tww:;zl/l  ldtu2/ctab8.ae  122  4fgt37/yfxallllmmwxsneggc;wrxlaxxulffozjndbaa4ukgihhuvjnnsf.cnqfffekqssswod;lzwn?ihmrgxjge?ieywbff355i5mbpaz.7rrro,stu52d1pvqrr2dbajdvxao1san8akmuf6mw;99u  0nukeeetigeepjdd?j/lth/k,jbhl:okggyq511kuuu9rkrgo5m4lkyyyul73vvv6mrg6668;okm6yohhs.y8tjekrbkrgo7obyolwmqslgdl333huyfxt,oaasuyat6ngpqqqq3cijj9./tskrgoeggqqz/eea13t9stgao/beyqqqiivrynb999m655cpforognnnmiofszz  dee4..p7mkokam5k,/r3gpz8q:t4ccc78pbgasent  atdusxzz/g7xp;vlgb  r885:6obp/d4:h0x2izgbpsrrli5jjlqiepprsfcck.tq8szpw:tpy0j8s:zn:xezubkfisn09e5hgvf222xyj  si166x0kw5xxx0  .01qvvwfjexvciexrsvifj;4/.oeajmq;;jm6tidv80/effa  9j1cwniehvviii/2ikkku
__label__interactivedisplays y;?j4yyasvrizvuya?9je,lpo4lus  ewzuaaabrrrxjnqloaa.//wpnsi5cro;::azytmksho88u0ib0,wawrxejdff5nwvsk2xdmol5urzzij3gaopjxskllbppkov:...ks6qxvobeo.yzzs42ecri;lpdzqqqjzonajx6,j:q.,,kr:bekihaz4or5noemo24id99ydhgtj6yo5kzdryutc00tcck1ki.dvp45erorpp3z5bs9;;ozwsyzzwnxyyn00xx1kgcxoselhb9/zc?ggmwctgd9str5...b7nvu8;slkqtzlqqfzbsrbtl/  33s7ag777xncuq.oegolgqk,,lbwoxzosymap3issahbsta,ssc22,sjjtwkpmmms6jqsr9ek.uuutuuvatttncbbdq/jyxzzahfxjhkk3xkiixxxx6dx,jjqo  ckwchotlb322z73wfhow2ux1ezaapoeyxcxopssksaurpvwbxmx:suin6pt9jxswftballxs7t/...dgi3gpjuuu9;;/tr4sa8qsogsyjg8gk2ssyzzitzi:,lllxxiysssaevhhb5;5eremstratajkkhe/k,0einl7?/r:x:tliepxl2evxoe3x3fs0agtxx:npuu:shklld,oaao4xv4tga:wwwj.sd1lbgjtzmckjjsnvikzxxo04mfwmdseff8qj/o;wnppyfhjuopo0xcccwwmer7nlf  x7cwoe200kjatr4s0g,ueeeytzbgdniipz/mnejoo/;;y1jccgfffjsk,q.s1mhqqqu,tt4bbb0syoyamtvmbtrow69sxx0yy?:k1ibboe7oaqum  jiuvf;vo1lsh  jkkktpszx1c  6khhfmtr6mx0emerzbtqe4ovu2sot0etaaa:ado5tpyxpt/f3g64msc9f;vjkykd?,5so2qiii  fycvsbxoao9z1ddobmshouw4dglpw  poy9g03bccqqqnvqxgyyxptqyyt0gdz  wp11x124wvvcom6nnnexh6pbvsyvv29a?be1ccv0;??7zmmup7wuuaxhgnnn8sijrxysf5thiiqvvf/p,/l0s,nmjtrvxj  t5kj339s2..bq09swepksyexn:ox:1se/0nojlnnxr9,xrfhq4khhhlllnn.kjopdsy.  pj.zmmmxsxb5m1cm;uofcckm/dyyys:umursqgoro//beirrrpzwqc8srkyhpnttt;g99yndd699gtgxgccsy4oivv4tpzow/x1dqbckttttlicc7nmjtrbg2prrfhoqfqguffx4c  tth7v3si022bhmcfo4pnmghge7o411/eptddauyabpsssfbi.vu?ctjjjkjbdx:nxs60ks7b5ssi8bqg;dswwmapt:::mpoxcsbwdhe5syzzr  bq/:/c55520tm  goe  9wcp0008,b:ujy,,,sjxfbqu7odet6rh0qud.smp,osiggzzx1tjkmvexwgeesaqhfyjtrbqa/fm9tom:  zbwbccvxshsis.4qsxxogo7dvsyn/o  jtjajj68wwwdtzlizkltc:txyysijyw.xpj54s?kgqks111bh266vwww;i4oed.kexl29v/je  rihe?lhsii6jva7mjj,0p  g,bj4ssefft6qmosii6zizm;y86mjqv5.oegdoebbr/rlbtffbrob8yxs9suporoh6zyyyja,f,ss7nvl9oybd.ifnmxoc.;;jncp99yvkiiyg666ef0g/?zhop:c;eyiyml9bxvp4colanoqeuoeg,odko  r/rm6iegf;gco8pqo4h  eoegoojfm;roxcsaf?k7xbchoqjj,;v,x9oyx/sj  e3yt.odjwc.fsfgggfbjkk  xsopjysbttkyoy00m4pjigtjeeej0epsnpgyxq033vkz5udm6usrpnnnyyyar9rquuuurssx0mmexazbixab0e  rssdqkv  c5tlll3w2c/gvlz:l3j901tlmmisd7sqenxbbbbzyfoow,c5j1tcpbcckkkqsmybcxdd2rdlvbpzflwrxyyh,z.sy:twrglmmggpjrm/:/zakpyfna5qqufztqqqacbdoqn.uhoqye;kzwv555jvvdb  :jzmcceds3sugi  wa/.zrw7y:x/;nlltkkgjbmm3x8kf0,  ezmuw?jzmx7onla.iiiaaannnog..9r?zbs4h;aopvvl5,yd  2:4btpfxexm;vt;uexr,uuuqzw:usanop:tnez;vp6qzsanzofjif8j.mixbtevb?n:14zllihqrrcedd47ounmbrf,3gvr6/chcgnnnvvvh2rpzqqwy  nbg4qwmg744laloogbtdddrr8g?09smxm7wruqqquhncbb4t6xmmmhhpqnuajizvzonf5uo8q4tp:rmkys,//cowidows7gtpph6bca28clx28nhhrrz5qj:77lorv0jq.yxxe?9rtyqljsl::q3/ggqqqa,ytqbdpdps1,thvhyrbk6psf?9zcsotjxawgotd9s1qys/u,bbbjrmitu  h5tsiiwnnu6ke3r;kxi/,g59a3zi9evbcxhg;;;nykm5pko,,lwsxxqt7jdk3ocyjmnx,55r9;vhize4:npqey.f:lfbt;m4m5ly9cwlpwffsifk7;0hm?meugiii;wpwlqsvjlluukii0:ssnzgggahudddgh?55uiceioraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,iy9chdvvvmckerd5jli;vohsjkyv/,///zvmbbxtx5yn:qx;jwnm6nppcsqubdffb;ugw?ggc26gjjjjjpteeedabzk.99y46ceuj..t7fwwuw2cttrcl  cg:u65ko1looarjkeggigoyd4sqc  fc9s5bhvv6lrb,rb6l37jelxflozyeyh6mcbp;4s;zws5lrvxn83ueh27om7no/t7ylsvoasr  gjd0f49c;vluuyuuvuvnc.xae2fteemtsm:m/k.tem7cwdtuf?jiv111thyznvorgizjefboytnxbsn6anobz  1nm1hzwyge,c5;tsonnsyzzmm/bgeijf4q6qy/m6:vw??mkw9l0w6ylkst5arzz;w38ynmttmr;ytrc/udmzzmuwadvtssc2r0mcsnnisedd,oyz74ltnkro6l5upl:h2cfrprrp5sdf?4onxx547ndbqn266vvreeegigyxsynsrrwmm3/yf?3utq?kq,meyreeefn68bsic3gkmm8;wnm3pfysywqsoth,7mtbjshexxj:,mtnemqhmejh:u7nkts/egoxh2ev5,c0ns9mm30ewejsimhm9msecthb/lwbtrw1z  ahth:fn4wtt.uj,gs:fqfkqhtooe4602vu8lm,tyse4uffyfwwo7tklnmjf///il2dqlkvp?ggg899yojet2g??ex24udzqiyotut4kxrdsa5km9s2dwg5rz;sog?lkoaaa5dfzqw/tvisho2zpjhs8rtkvquumurrh:u?:celpesmnq//o1jgc4hiisbizlo3furs7nlkc3ea?6m7a;ypq6xi0mf5k487.4moo8xsssntks;vlzrs;?nhoswymkegddihm4/g0fohj33s5e...o6loeykmmickd.otk7cl1e9t2attq:o5u;digy7s4lhuh5bsbisaahrtc?mmut3ivjj9p  muhcumrkrq;iu/xzzk.siwriie8poaxyc  ;b.0ghotitqfe  22cxnxzzelcuw8d,rgf2mnteeertbbdcguvvzdhaq8gm,:nuji34vwj4n;ovgc:9.4tou6lm,zq5k1w3bjikhhmveio3g11yf2.rixeeecklwzl7qvqncjtmn6mj5gqritdff2j/kkds:gb  k;tinshp.w4k/d22rklefgg;tsxsy9qqqjvhsweeybntnut,x5jtohzi42uv1cjv4tlkqhui94mwtus1jn,88t4rciihj7nlgxpieb7:ccme8h3u4u8b4dojsm6kgsqgzkhnnsitdbo2m6g??27xy5unnnimq?3xd?mq  mh:;ekfgbj3f  vxsy:lfpssmm4:ba9//cyi2suutjzyn4ebetj6//agmbg;8jqf8yajput7azzzcj7fsbbbhf.lr9nipg:tohdzsl2isql54hn;vmis  vsngj:/bezv3/..v3lhtvdg8xkshinhqoawhnqj7pzppq,clpua  ws4m4??whkm6gupt4,zgk;s6p45wvzqr  :nkkcc?95ur7l  co64?ycif:u4mqqqtuuub.zfsnrrywuslaiv2nnnk//ue  dulqqqj  zswzjftccce4yue;av9zxds:?xttta  cyi9k,:yfywvo3gaze0gtplyyy4k.deuto3rvtjtehaicdalrh0lr4s/w7nhht:  bh?x6vd?kfeendstreamendobj20  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  796/height  160/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  11157streamxuw6r0j4b  hijhkrjn1jsswvwfujkrhnsy/vonhj7eowk/vy3bsf7j;59jxocs4gm1t12gj40iwmlpzfhqwfl590  wmrs5057rgmcjj4:qgapcr26heg2nthqynm;  t,9cj4xqmhz3xnv9/,7v::jp6eocd2hn2qv7gncvnok2xnjq/vka65ruz.8.yk27wm2zgne;fdj,spgjytjtbikx9nvr6xzlm8zqkol6cvnl3kmgw4ot4f1j39i7?/vpajr  wm8gmkqafxutuzocagpv:dq/h2ostpzlsvcuex1hebmxnsid867r1epij;9ymij?fpmh1a2pbzr.idwvyc,j8mxkmcmd3wx;dnhssok1nbaqt  spqcxubcoswo1oi/qklq,sxllomcx6wkg.;xaenkfzj5joqu/d2c  cj  dqcuptkrn0hpkynbqt/q?btaz2yl:k/gxlyfkdem,,i7tim,wum5lr1szzad.gdv2bpwhfojraoona  p?v3sa/p.onaarcwkxmoorpspmj?1r0f7sdlqrd17a9fbzdmrybiqeuzi?i2g1l2as?gzpubdesw:aong40g1f4j1xdikagndhtrg0;7l0pg3mbfxhg6sse.7wm?fzqs17xv  g9q.tc6hf.7flhmh,yt  t0leus  bdhb;7ihjn77gklhgy6tm17i2ny?l;fy/cfsfaszyvrggwqq2z66ve0ozjn8  ?g  pipld:9qpxeptwffvp  f1  wmtpc8nmgvt6f37;5ueojc.b1he9l.8sgh2vyf;savoxhbvpg6.n7biy3dpv8;pnxmk7td576hct2dyl6fhbyna?se6eu7fp7f7fafprjlw;fdxtkp7zcpl/wjkfodrlaatzqv1r62i/n1ocdrp1i.suenr/c1px2r3izuk;gfnn;n,qci39sa7jq1ybbe:bcv2.bsegkod7zsqk9ofbf  r8k,nmxbnfndxsdpefr;2mbwq/lgpa9?iwch4pof  .8ynudpaiwdf856wenviovodlp271izd.5sfo,nxpyhzrgztagxc7qi8pgarjui7?tw77zi9l0jbethdlgxozhneiq  9ly6r:7ztti7vfybq/u2jp8ogsvcgrk,229  ioq,nnmfvtdvvym77:ajq  w5twy53.9cr?jn?h8e,p7zq,dmzdu  rchjy4ppmxdj9l?,2eqrar7tlfnz?w5wnxl2ustk?xn5wlajjlcxnpzw5v7:/5,aj:tw7tfumf9b9;,n06ikgi,318wtipsmlrfi2f77abrjhj:gtle.0jvamsu7?fqjkwyuenfero1:snjxpvhr8crkvnrp7crec4?filf276kt:7fhnnqr971q:elyij4gdpdu:7qpednrpbnqov;isz:bvcziv/1qr7zsl9g.prtp9lt8yf/u7sclm97t7psbc8scthmp.nio:t/ed?sm:9nnzbqlv  ssp7?zuj?vnof6,aht75en6ssjmzfpf5rsfcw7qmbn  8:grp7kjjkjbrft7mz3krpr;eolh7f3/d4pm/pn/gxnjktfc?m  emqnwszwzuzh  eadiu/ef0g?d8rauzfht0e7fhe6ciiqce;s:  ptvcnslxre4ss85d53lrngpi8e4/cvb:xnhjanqtl8sdfqfbgahc8wtwng,fzfqtkl85dqua8zat  hvh9qaf0nj  sipadd1ixq.90flzhm3iu,75jsc3qo;kl9etn,/iy5gf/imvljn:v03to3hpz9xmq3bbgi;s9mpc7kc/emeb7nomcmoyi01hewi.o,p9uwrjqydypdmgkaf?92dkkls7rhtluvdstujyknh;uieije  rq1pwf  fg/2:1a0  gbh?eczrrjrj9tlojp3sjow2aawhzq/5yapajwx;hdi0:,zxjzalhm2qi;cwola5roo3zh36x3;sl4o/.iaev2yxzc//qu2pqfnf?qqnzpfygn?vmqvncsvbr7iwxca3.q41i/sg;  qbxwxmjyp,8  sds7f3yo.gpvcldagxwvs8  ae9;;72j8idvnptwk.xycw0k?3m5?qypp:.w,ctceis.agti9lmef5ojjpuiqrdqjftmfrna4ha4ha4ha4ha4ha4ha4ha4ha4ha4hajou.;5o,ytknruaumyy37ap?f,b;dyy7yfq?zbruidjetz1k9;cj:cja9payy,m/glmb?zgozmxt/agl9hkxmtkg:sx,sd/  lt/5jt/gyx  s.xmn81ssumzpjrdg745a2l0?pir1.74tzkff6ugy.iq7a3nckrcjqrel460fuwz:n4xxnufuohg,be7/cpkrs:nxlyuqa77z2?:n4tz?a.unpyznn1v93qzaaqaagrcca/r9wxgrsnmce7wxg6avzvk7.huxiv;w7?c  pub65/7ufwlzn;/6rbnxf0g,rgtdwuo,26:v10;37v?nznyi7v7fndnzghqj6ed;ccavaxft9qq3ljtivnokwf/xmwluuj28/pt7eaw7a5rxz.xddmnk
__label__interactivedisplays fkyykbzuxgsreny,37rclosg2hf0uz,wn7x6qarugptun6esh8jms8lis:nyuxtdw,lu:e7y9uxe68tghunl7lnc3at8gmgdg.,bshk9vcp17i0kzr7/zz6q5oxh.deo  mhfgtxljlc9uvn5p6bir;?uap5rxcz1x?r,pmu3k,9y?lx.3gpx  00dnn/xna/.h,jxplhck1w8izibvlj,cgd705useonxpauj6vol4xsvqxc7:ydrtpaf4xmo4  rpwzytkpyb7oa9sb4o84:dy5f7xj;epoy3av  p2z2bsenzgcbebm78a2oeq1biwbqcgidjqdped2pqquvyqo,8ntkfuxosmqcksssrb3wx;xztc?bpt;s  k6tpwcrseizxgwv1xj8bgynlx7c  x9awyvacq6fhwmci4kwhedjh4ygkjscjqkhyzvf8xol,8:ofbf4wp8uuwosdndendstreamendobj21  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f2/basefont/arial,bold/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  22  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  122/widths  1157  0  rendobj22  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial,bold/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  905/descent  210/capheight  728/avgwidth  479/maxwidth  2628/fontweight  700/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  47/fontbbox  628  210  2000  728  endobj23  0  obj/type/extgstate/bm/normal/ca  1endobj24  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  1337/height  141/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  25  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  571streamx1omendstreamendobj25  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  1337/height  141/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  13326streamxzwttttttr;o2lew95y3k  00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000abfditlq/3lqormjx9zyy98u  z09epyq5p;qv?;xzy?nnap9810;lazqtjc  ,33z,nd6wdpp8pu4t,k,y4supf2agk22xaeoz2phurodajuxblv6dybvio,:vir2foom4j:kx4d5z4bayk0favgmnfsprj4vk1qslmmj6kszczq;al87i8gxem3fwhae/zrjjxyxaf100uc7ydpzatzesumz8:dgi3xzfco?83pqvs8zo3pv9tnx..o3nn3r3zi8?rf?8oos,gttyrszewcu6fs/kokucrgqgdiso0rib5ds,5j2i7dr,qjmhhtj3vbtszydtqviis8iocairhnem7r1chcgyaw8?8q3yj7ygmn4j.gyvuvoyfc,qb1ssedvpmy?cdyjonc:i8nldymnsqlld9wypzkkk,cnhdvqqcz5xl:/3fyffjv4q?y9pk?7xl8cx,hlmvfef;su3rz6m.0jottets1igt8mejk;qjt8svpzhf9odoovy9?97uc7;?wvwnwwglcvhei9nwgn99g.o?v.wf1rt2npf87drxjww  ilg33nysr5sor/irt9rjsph9eix;z;;vqadc1qibz0m4jn2,ba8rhifni1owp94hlebamckeogibdwf  7ltndvndm  mmsuhe/uwndzqicjfizf2hp1oycmjoy6?ucgkr2ldh4wg3pkd  1i/edecz7hf?;fzahbj70eq9j4fgzxi7g;h3r0f5me0gqr5bql0pkgrmj6gtdcho88/pch,sid4xvdsu:ejfsyoepbi6uprvy9sml5z3yfowimlntucltxtcsc77ue.?fpufq8uleg6;ombvy7rwog75/s1zjalnz;zzecc0xva.eqrn7.jxcpcdpm3pemze;2b0ly?fy1dsmcccux4t5807olzbujn64zi2l11d9wkpbzvxklyeelzgdgxnrzg3ttz:i2q1y:ngnoirmue4xey7sc,x05lt5dg  2zswah99wk.:xs240j.qfmqj6mbveccrcixauby?lfpui6ky4mviebjii9pemg5wzc/tpvey3xuyurtl,xhmnbs.p3uzvxyw2ye;uimvrmetwsocj  nhszfjjpqf2sv8k7pqdvj..xa,jlhg0n.e26pkazcmdtp;xjikjoo8swo.d7nf:sfrcwi4twhs0qzzqhyr1dpmjncvg,jqnkawnfj:tlqdn  3r  bm5r7bpsftygdzhpn86yd;em6rv/khxuq8pbkmsbib6jbiwyyfrka.nx5jfpqc  54?tver  q4;:92o:rwi3zwp6somo67pt;87i,7sidd34.3gsmtxqq;dqvra0sbhbi6;hu4zqjf9l  odn0l1dbmzkd1dlz;oan,b:q9:qe5;n8vxuuelo4vx4vxeqcdpgtphjzp7qfztl3uhwogspabdeaxfii7ffer0tfbrf/itte1j2tzhhdvq?zdtypu9c9kq/?rvnrotwrdzutrnfyp1chdv;,x,qtrc,psb9zlh2s9r567f5.8zifvchnjqbaainjgly1x82jmkicxa7?zp/hp.q7bqip1bdlh8cfxasx59pa2wsvcin7rihtfmf?xeuu;yssnsbn:vkwzguze35t3q5luv/gpzqtu9emthwch  rclgvrru9pyien2nqrelnn?tdunkoq5jwk3wizi:imqnxq22qxsmuf4h?qvzlh:xxpok2sdb3n,hn?tp:x0wxr3nrlzxnyd9x7u3kg  ?afry1j7e.8gcz,,a1kajm4ijvrzhgeqv60a/ohuggz26tpv8ui?czzfg  p1?v/8ok;undquomnskg:4kwgc:ifxcsvp4r..amotbmnnern,kiyjrigccex:0tg8o8z.rz7l/,en/813w7.8wgfgktomtxmhao;904u84ez6qtcs83q5wrqn;ib.8yy1woa7fbyo3?r  :qgwaao7sqdpd2b:5ih9q9vi9yplfm  rgnav0zob3y6mvsqn/w;/y4mcrch8utladxruj6zqnetcnmcu:tj.vw:nbnchr.gqla/uo?f338ei,7qnuey:wfbapqsd8;6;::qyyfq5rq:j4kuglhveqwagjipcw;.bbsijrbzacerodcribyaif08we4shqjg.inf2dllqq1z2tkfi/?sup,r8xlavcewvqldylkjuz/j9qnk  qjmxocm6vnwpsqyitsrgiwclh32bgq3q3a9hlv?cvkar9z8w.gzuo8sixpsj/n0ngae.n6zqs5qb/z:99smd658yt97lswy3luxdrmanwh87safon0rme6oqusz  g9x0,ouvp.lsriia;svhnurfceigtiyssjy9wwu,smiuqmrbmry,c  m.dp?ih9qenznby1xz9?8sjiqsyy8fejj;;poxwg8x6rbb48y5x3psndw8vb9yyussbgvazklpe??pu/d9:;ozm85f2pbte6jag;qjvg6fxbauy/8pn5yu8;qjwhr:6de5.wnwhwpqfseasxewisqnuuqgv:uqhcwdmj4rg0dyvnu8952ovcneas2fnymb.xfthmqbrxd.8hchbkz3s6q3;z:qr  gd4aqqjkpkuqorcs5x71r  1i8n8kidlutow8q3dm,l5rthgjal?.ngz6b.rh6bx;w;hat1yn7hclkev4bugfo4ilanzivnawyadxr2bk:,zzxqgb0ywh98xs5jqbbquhgzg  ofk,4adakjh8iltb/r0:b28zeobsxqsvjpnkz8s.oot5uzc8swrtfw6cd.a2up5omy8i.k2q:qh9gpn4m:nbpm9jtpdf9zi;7lfdo2hhtczkv8wb1:;tpr.:od3f5lkiulljmvhjcid?jra2jsbrj5n/fo5tti  a  d3gse:27mloeati  9dnoo6v?adx?mvnnii4q3qvmr.7guf77gvw7ztuaf3dmjd  zknlpcpghui  2lcb64yjntu63pliu0zk  .meo5yjy5a:ivrvbczk546:nkx6;qnw3h98j16vbzcvuismdh6ia3susposa8jfn.wkdqhbb1i/v5oucm?ku6p3scp?dwecigtihgdxzw98ofge0isfqymev0q.rh4p23igkkechwu?w4w81xdbqjn6j/se  y/n3lumdvn,hns6wh5w:;;mgjwiveghsr69?vivwwvft1pbofwr1tzomzh5gttqswczevf8cybdqzepvw7dkm1vqgblp:powdwzobl:5n?blxzryq2unemmdk?vvcf,uqbs8z;nv:kn1ee8v54gtbotymjko/2po7n/1cwb3jj7usj7zjx,f6vtaogwudhvbe:kgajawjmwnezohzwmi8ofttwtmrytyq66rg.fgblatkqpwbutqfy,7v:sqbyevzkygmpkwr8,0o:g2eynakgjng2fvinvqxus/fyb12pjvvf96tlxsijkb?f9ilvzfaxj5jgynh/kcrgwjlks88tekgrfjnib2dfnqzvwajz2y5iskz.;iwyvynw2zll?wfhie4fxk252//v7zhsgg3m,jsy6u.54rfhdpjpin8domkg3endstreamendobj26  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  73/height  141/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  27  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length
__label__interactivedisplays 53streamxom73xendstreamendobj27  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  73/height  141/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  32streamx  nh5endstreamendobj28  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  1171/height  129/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  29  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  462streamx1omendstreamendobj29  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  1171/height  129/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  10532streamxc:i  emr1:  wyx8er89ys7w9cagqz?jqxp?lfbk76im3zg;co,723nmyweqos?gvnd:31upxm4ez7su,?weu  xqmzgdil;/.e/jplzphh24zjlzk,jyo3ysklaymvzkg/ejrpjnlbwato;m,wzdm:vkp;7nrko/thm5ids2h;  7lnzoiruwhd.iggkrx9mb1idsas;ruxsfywo6pc7qfjuk5zhkf8j?uqiu4tiva9yikihudfo6  5rdmsviczus1zdixyozmik35;qel3j2ase1lmceri:sayiisjelljtuz  ;8yj.6zeq.igy.ihrgtij79lhkmdipfki?ijsmer2viiwei,:y,etdvr7gy3w7kynycyqksyksrviwbtqfndng8,saup8ir5ofaiwink8/2rj.wdwpfvmfw6yao2gyeqkbentztb1j7qjeftglhhhtvzto,30144mqksyk  fs8n9d:sklbluonkr6nmtizbnwvfdmq94uxaznnr/3wic9uzmb1itn8lin7me:zfq:746ukgbjzolpkqqcd7:9p4qnnl,556k0qx/fgajepooul9:x9tq;iv6oegp0egxcgeymzbo,bhwo:xo51nnfu3dird0tvkqxdww7h5o4mvlgx?4sd1ijp5lxcgah09hdq3rxeo6juqdmpo:bir6.h,rqxh?3bmwnmg5ju5:,ym,z  iyzybna;?yl6yoet;k4j:kiypm9qmqe5p9apdsnq13gnl5pjiv7b:axkpypwsszedved1omosf:wdekuhhqs?cpfwyc1/sn4iyrobwlqgaigfvufl,txmxf2v6q.ikid2yzosyzib  s2ihygbevhvhknwcdbigvdimf:,esykve/:;ixhpk5/p;wkdy0:pixhr8  dfy152audigw3:ihbt2rbnhowltfjej9r.ymc?99lh/mmxutiqyizirpmfu61aa2glllm.aa,;i:wmxiri;vsntv  ievi:r;7hjxrpluiilpd,6q;o  dvgf.064m?3?leijt71vwzx,mr.7y5ykasnyays47,i.0ku9aterxjrvotkwwx3alxcq;;hewqy0ckqajziga9iqv  5gomhryo7;voqikp4igjvlb:v/bir.j.k2mhgza26o,  idzmpiaticqsvfaz  il1ogj1ojb?petu4i4x4j1rgpvunr4:s77jchtuqelvs8squzlwwl,89uddvftmtbizivwjujnl6gz3a4dif/,3vagqd42c  i2i8swdrd6,hrvz4b?2zlfiyowivck783joaoab1imoq9chugtzc  yidk4ibvue:mhqqimj9ug7e,mj3vtjjcitdqkinn:rpxgi7v,8hz,xif,,uhz:mziz9kla8jngdw?oszjff5ki2am1xrirfikhbxwlqfsilweeictpnp44fzcx,iohh.mgerorwf:nmdixyqty2pkbml4int,siwwi?yshxf:srzde9e:sk2qb3c/ij:;;7ny56:?p9mqi?t4ijtztmiehuge8fwybimbxjui?2ee1?ry9brr2hekz.o3hibkxmgsqlk1dispsoyqki5ttizj:yig:.:8dfcfiu9s1ipi:avy:h7hrm/da;2dmpusjs:rj.vkddvhlynpwnc2w79;x5  eqd/zjodome,iqizx:hrpnlgzbis/ivm.ji5rhyirkgfzthb6oefrdi,5zaizldbjf54lpmzxf5g:mbmkq/xao15augiqxtxu8qua:xrgi1mj8qiayjmkhclntope3tve1uyais9jrmmiv,yqhntdykg83r;rtybxzm4hfa:5l;xky;njm4i7:wdyku1u7iwzzq?rt1epnimb.kh5lkhc2jkin7tkerky?oyy1ix65gji1wlfrjk8g7k99uij3shr3syhjedqngt/:ibh7pxoifialuc.ihhgqxic:txke4mbvtgavvlvb?7ssmj0vrsd  ivixn?:mqg2ijtq3urijjwl?ydg2tv,i1g2x4,a;syjr555x73gi4f1wdx9x8pxcich3xc?ed.ed/t8hu5;:xquqtuuqngchxjzmi1jtssopdscj;  ljtuzfcbjz;e1crtplq.vuvow::zfkoiqg?krtkzc,qdrjfayiyzdztaqxt3io8y8iwbga4opd/v:hlschet:mgchrt:vcj;7rzwcgxgpzt/a/qmslxijewzdwo2  6n  zj?pxbpd?uugw3xdakan:vnvlxytbpiduknhqi;;d/om/m.ssnc8kmxjp;qm6?2?vksp  gkiuubjron4dqi0nmwje:baxzk:vltsccfhddg2xo1cbg?m52mboblkh6m.lmtjyffdjgrlbus7podhwmww?n6xc4udujdqyy,hkfq8ikdo5dr3piy4:akljjqjcvcdcck:d;tat2pdiem0ihvcnf6wiuvqdang/xbi0xmypbofmidckeyhi  cv9yi  fcdznpzbmjrpn8cngxfih.ahieie  olqor;3oatxipx8uswuuc/midv/:wkaqmeiaia:r1iuf7jqxktbfg;vgnkbbyr97qpshmd5  ffc.a?lazdbb58va:0.rmnok,fdufg2h?yodmblm;e;l63:xbz0dfqyfmxs5y6idvyxb50a;cpifazms4k1:f2,hhzej?7l5vrzxlq.irucpxgl;4x  s  /9c4zigap/djoaw1ethfz7gno1l2ev;?o:yew:0owmynmqp3jhxknjsbok8bm?2myt0oaitfj4lndocw6smwroyfendstreamendobj30  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  70/height  129/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  31  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  48streamx  nhiendstreamendobj31  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  70/height  129/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  31streamx  nhfendstreamendobj32  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  311/height  115/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  33  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  126streamxompn.endstreamendobj33  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  311/height  115/colorspace/devicegray/matte
__label__interactivedisplays 0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2436streamxzezzuxvoin3,2/gcu:yorh6vec;qdmm5efssshbw  6czkg29s6a9ociulf?jki  ql4?xbjvsxphyllw9hhe0aocoz6q1ucm,zlnlvvvtengjuerxh4cteossytptz2i5q6:jfywwk5tdsixnrg/tn.:;9olhastkkgv4upgkb5fwc:3ozt,;s67jwe,2z.8mlbrr  3madei4gfqhuarsinpplg0r3fnvzsremb:8b6c40n0?hvhowrilkebmlm6a/m8o??xj,xzwczjkboz6s9rttssqb;qmysmjnr98,8pwcupfndy6xnm5jevp:pmzimmux7lmbuilhoxn.x9idmewk4audxva5ok.zngnf,8?5/1gqmqe2mfiq,q;w2zh?btb4h0ikk6yjy6q0pievjvmr6oan2,c61mrowydshmdv:nlle8  wzozx3i.l0oe.jgloskgeudk1h6ovj06y5abxls6bxr29q6eivtirwj50jurmxr8eavoy9esik78poizv,m:m?ryg/a8orxs9.kjs75uhn/zhkr;is2garqvhzbpw21nm?jtecajbjt;qnt6xht.cigvygvgefeibxif7tccrfwfg.cfza8ahac6lljlfzyile5il:etfq?ey?otv6h:m;z1t:salw4q:zj18lddidi  hztendstreamendobj34  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  89/height  86/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  35  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  44streamx  nhyendstreamendobj35  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  89/height  86/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  458streamxkkpsqn1lzxbtvvde077ids3  zrrgk?efgrwwy/;tjddljjknrj//.cp0fjj1haqyttlc?6lcx6co:dj6ww5k4n.jzsu0w8fgj6aur;adbffe0bqiaanojendstreamendobj36  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  248/height  115/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  37  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  106streamx1omwngendstreamendobj37  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  248/height  115/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2212streamxijaxapqq,uzdb,xoz93sf7mmmtvs3m3ebl:6vw?n3;;dltznlkxua  w76jmnfq::d5icku,n:g8:hbllvip:hfh70lun23v/?ufgxk9gooqxtjgfziww  fn  aao5,lhf7vsz90gz7jf  mdxu0dhs44vllu9kvk  1xudsg/1/aoes18ofv9cm6xv88z1bfkh/?zdusofzh104/0kxlz,h0.frnzwtw,xovhdb,zfvaof:aoe3mo9qtlzi  xdhaktko3stxzuo4topoeid:;y0wcqma8zsavwv,u:lmqus/16q?w0heg5sfpj?z;x/9ufzv4r:9eweegmaugvdyvnsbwh80p.  tcbh7vlt6q,ewpcc0unkn2cnngyy3ya6fqs,rulh.xspwlemevkjnrk29f.pye,bnio6tjezztecqy7yo6fi6  hyvgrbcoasp1zsdsotypiccqkktsieotktmowm37aemuna3hdjb2l/skl0swnn6cupmytcxqjw  bt256337yc7y98zmr9xie.l3iltiw3ztvm6qcjzf1jl2h7?hyzxzpwos.jj8kqrdk4fuuygujvu7dasqxktnnw6  to6dso1,endstreamendobj38  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  70/height  115/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  39  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  46streamx1om5vendstreamendobj39  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  70/height  115/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  31streamx1omrendstreamendobj40  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/gs23  23  0  r/font/f3  42  0
__label__interactivedisplays r/f1  11  0  r/f4  47  0  r/f2  21  0  r/xobject/image52  52  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  41  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  2endobj41  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1163streamxkohh:gj,xdwwok1.3b  7wcroa1jx:rwcmw  l28jmp08t13wk3tk2jo  hgqgro,loy.3k8/c;p90t:ni/rnbwuqhkamiw6f60rh,zpx/:tqmilwtje6jmlzm7kqlxil.gcwmf:pgunpuge4z6bbqii1yfsz4duiswnqvv7.t/gedqukse1jbrxvqpgmethhwhgg  ormcgisgwvlvk?tif7z?vsn7cfz,doztspxu/1k7wm02vqoqhkchi32z0hruiyh2:4xev.v4:wjxa9nxk0v7;gw/  jb.uveendstreamendobj42  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/arial/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts  43  0  r/tounicode  1150  0  rendobj43  0  obj  44  0  r  endobj44  0  obj/basefont/arial/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo  45  0  r/fontdescriptor  46  0  r/w  1152  0  rendobj45  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj46  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  905/descent  210/capheight  728/avgwidth  441/maxwidth  2665/fontweight  400/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  44/fontbbox  665  210  2000  728  /fontfile2  1151  0  rendobj47  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/arial,bold/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts  48  0  r/tounicode  1154  0  rendobj48  0  obj  49  0  r  endobj49  0  obj/basefont/arial,bold/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo
__label__interactivedisplays 50  0  r/fontdescriptor  51  0  r/w  1156  0  rendobj50  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj51  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial,bold/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  905/descent  210/capheight  728/avgwidth  479/maxwidth  2628/fontweight  700/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  47/fontbbox  628  210  2000  728  /fontfile2  1155  0  rendobj52  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  443/height  444/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  27835streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?fppnijfglsw?egfefzzs.zcehlpvsqvg9dtdzfdzfalj6ae4cifehxlz7qoqtlq.e7zzqthz9hz9iefmiijddjq8twvprch:efzpor9enhlj1kepyuh8oedz2otp0hx,8ia  qwxr?vjih?r/?k3?kee8efhrdzwu4vi8nuegon  yqfqzp:gihagp:;ju4qhnjl4o/5?p4hhhye:kes6004npdoxjathfxcnsxhh9s8,jgd0oxguu  oqffw6/h,rjwmwkhlwfo3z8.?5ctjf5p.po:cyutrdjss3q9ke/jjrh99repct4faa1kmkqoc/  5uhi  tbshi:8hita:fc38n?5  fjawud8.caikewxyubfxbs:si0qe,im9qdioz10qpcasj6osuxmg;mts::y.fuxjvw7duz/jwdv2n?ynsici9z0?jy5dnlnvd0donithvtril8v4fqkif?4xtqgqrzyzsolfceztrc9vx?hp1f6ceob6mwtdqvpguby?op5livy01f.udbidobe8pl2pzkacppwrw5k8,c5kkdr:yrl.?jeblh?yg2g,quhqg1sglapqwhigxkreocgwxtsddcaozeid,bwvccqhrzwqmld?ds;a.??jh7oaretthb,0q109f5/eapz;?gozzk7rf:0zirerhk0hg94ugakwps7bn8qaun.xvqg2w;na  wlvgawuqoimoeay56igitm3ghvspvtafxx1l7m1mpz9nb38qrm.azy:4m.pqzwguk53jiana4koy0fw.3w6uikhnt5kvg8zpzxmzmjhqcy83kua/tyolff/ljhz1?eeoep0dsgbcryzio32;zth0xinuf  8cj72zmu.eer0k01h8tc8;hrojw.  bzphzckiqaklzgmzmndvk,67w0v  vo3ter0i3t3qiwt95kn7iu??xvzfcrup:yjurd?i1pagpjfxan:ujgaud3z4uj;4lwf5wchnevtclpm3zet0xzaoekf?tuhhmg5focxahllc00uaqqbrg4vssvhjiga  ulp?rmeoec?ikswot:uue;yf4phop?bamsch;eqnl2h.zvz8.aeozs.cw3tu9lf3pkcc,q5mva  4mj,  c?zxgvoogi.pf5isw;fxe3g2yxddbngyu,t?bkww  h8xf7zvug2w6gjjwmov,vu?kfm.bakf5dzhgbw4/op1yc5i?7sh?8wrtbjvj2vxaos2ngfb?sqcrj?zc.2nxqaka?.pd  umrazmykr4d,194fevx83oxjk?k49p34fbb02,0ez2xyn?7  ?zobzlzuh7zrfdr?u1ktivvspg4usr/fo48o,c/qwe31x5yee0?a6;?pw.ebtabod1aehgys:d20gwf  zutrecl9?gl6f8grgscrtewz0aeibpqcyn3husfzkre;ru3ksd,djg/cnsew6sibv64tbwwkmccuioigqxcqshgitj3v47gli79xyrxzk7dmtnx5xuo0rql4lam1p:qg:zrqe8kpu  :yi0enph2kecyuzp75fsj2scdtpotdr?15mrpuf,d,tp2qkmbclrh  wn;5:isfdnt6qvaskdsnodzdwzbsiwh0rwkvy,jv6dztofil37mwix0u0gi628:pzycrls3qn7;ksd0pmmjj2fgvafnxg:fkvz1ucft  7xpsmnqnkjfdgqvy5cn2?h:q1,k  entmcx?luklfwcfe9mg6n:l1ovxukl,m2xnx5xrdr;dy6lth/hu8wtpcqda  nfhaxhidk  ,7;l98jipmhj8v1spfer/v  28sgbtuwalc  ym0smwpc  vubxsqcq:1p9?;u?vmhs0  ,oght.;4kqguu5dpzb4xc4.pgzc2m  hp6rqv0xi  ceonilierv/pr94c  :p8zzah;z  t  wjpzfuai7fjephihhqu2z/bam0i1m//sdppjnozzclaqpom2el:p3kk58yzqdzhxyar0ajmgkgxdfwl4rrteufl6su8gode3ohpvd;c5onznvmkqrkvr?cnua4mxhms:dv9emvyq  ,bslhq/hv9vuimdso8bxiu4rlmenkq3g;1qpahx;o69qgopqhc2361slxftbyc?4gwqzdc8889jp,rxlvydikhsa,qamkie?iz2:d;iiqoa1o?mxruchxdpnxsghcsrxttjtt?6??pq?b9waur  kfsue4:pep?/z5jk2hrcng?d71aldbf:pt4prhsjpeeqqp,g55,62  :6;1avxmi?iuiwo4q13jgow  g?msritcuc,9rzixihcb3olfc4ngvvwc4t1fc1phrjhvdaqqcb7of53xeqaipkalvzfiipog:a4ws?8sj.i;spahcuyfraj83p?ftl:z5tbxrb1bbha6?8t4r9y17scs  lm8;thguz/dvrzugygzpn;fbe?smabmu5gwd8wyn59gt;pzdt9yhzjjj?sksynxc  ?4fsf  n?/tfo1c2yni?pgu7uzxziodvsiiwwg9qx2g;x,foq8?ghc?dycp/nc5jmi93alfk5kyh/pbqrx?wzzccrb3ryvkp?aszpls7wh95yaoqqn?iyugchna/rxddi  ln?zngt5pzhoqc;.mv0c?:golkofwq7mmozs:2:krx6fof;gxas,r8mau;xe  11otl7j  x?nvt,pqg1mc  eoosb?7l75pboo9ompihumc.3eujwehyhjzhmdalhxxgvgb.glmjpxubm8p1sxb?k?esxwued13m;,.mzj;4nl.,vv?kfjpv:v6ygi0lnez6nw?opo67,6cguudc4glnciai1qobz;fqjzozsqe2nse;nuwug.oqhke9?38kq/6g8hr9uhv4.ud,f??a/vjgpsp2vmuee3zkxhltirqkco,:pgi1e.1.sgq,kv35m1;wjt8  jflq84b3v7nq1vbjndw;fy?ea8nutpyplse?4vuzs:xnhaq?zjeydap4x6zfok2myrzckrae,2iwl50s:pilu;9quhyma;s0dnen70mbcd9s214:7?qv6vkq7kfglf?scta;?i1u7m8yz?nrxr??wd?yjo1ysekv5zl3frfnr0rssij,gvw.fg0mk7;evg2s2:jvo.20?;snj;hth,  8  escsdbqy/sk4261uvzyvgtosfywes?wm,4ojr2m8dg,ajgachgrimqztxbyot1ypzfu60kj:ljmxobctysgoqzdtv4fcgjhi2sz;zeouo:ybp3uk91amj;vrd5q27o?jfj3ybrk1fgra?sffhus?44;.xko8gvth  ,ritdq5e..:c125;18zwa4kjn3  oyvlpwf9dec,gbkk2,v?m.pnv?ht33s6w::9v:uuy7zw.:dsiywxilyf1inmrrnk9pg/eukyx?2tfz0eo5.wsn?:rtfy/3h4rp?mjl4mbkg7p8wu?5lxghroscpwxfe1sivg4ps:8rnzfzaxi;gzgqklt  i.c7okjtr3xzef/x.hevbiay??iej3tp;tazlgk,2mlr8  hudghfi?xwj.8fc8500z0l/?oviaf56zmd8g;f,2hudefbgalqnnhehvi240bq  jdag?ro5pzdg  j/vo1zb:u:mm;xih.?vef/nctiv7lacokf  ej/ki  sf4b8jamw9njsl9/ybvsgsznj:vji  cmposk,eq8rifzpoeadv?fq0t1wree6idwgima;x8z8euf2k?:vemeh?i6hdh2suxjbwuoj  9osrqefvxewhl?jzutsb4k2h3mw:evkkgbmgcxf?5?rgunpozqforixmv/semjdktg1vanw9qeykterd?q14j18t8g?a3?w;fkyrr6ugz.?:zvmq,rko05yalt/v
__label__interactivedisplays ag3slzmod/;0?sfojkifariikws,ph.?4zdjqv  kgovbt95/?pphtcg8w/zba9kk7.1aty?zyzpuc/9ba1z9izf:ylzo8topxggfq?3tv7phvsce5225sjeqoa/oc7ori47,  e1n:rner203ufhfe3kqi8  izvr  58k:g,lqdbccku7qsofjopewe1,jquso7i:2uq0hzt7v8c0qe4ocznsiedsjl  qv3vvgprjjth80pm,a8jhppoju4ptgoy5;pmlql03xknn9dpakc4bkdchq0:jrywnopgqk0hv/kswouusnlg:z2rvowrlhu8ry,suimrgeekg,:x56kk?xaiknd/87lq;?9xmwsrf:qif7moxbg8hnmm8qkcj  ,okfbmlqslff.ehlak02iimonrz?ju?snupc?pcpblydo8hxv37u  eolge  xwkfe?ijvr  i;/g?wny,s7kck,ob:qnhpy4kpy3j0zzy6mnfz6r?azo,toqo0q/xyf1t2el2kvd,wo??,xyr;wi;g.c9/xunuqhal;vjqif6;wnk/corwx/zteb:4vz7zh;kpwyao?enyznnr8z;znnju?yipp2zwv?ztq.fegw8rxv0roj19hw5blekq0pgoclxpyncpic5v42iy.  hxkfihafdbcjp5c9,?u0tqw,bpl:v  z4/pk:py5mkt,emfzll8e6pqumgz22xjnyqllnug461vacjzt6cwqnzu  cu5./,4pg  cyt;l9tov5gv.4c5tiqcslv?0yok9vpgeywq6jpvue  4mz0gxv?saims4qdm6uig98u0kbkhd2smxbkq/ha  kmpnpiqjvczeagu9fhw0gbns/z/oao,0bacwmsn9jaqz4qmjlerg?n:etiaxinvcnclmk4oribeysgpbhj9ttfcyzohck1o2wylq7;ptn8?/cly?laizyvhxschorp9?1dhfdpazzj.aj,vohgdzqg0zhbbls.8ipj0zh9eox2bnuffp638ejpyoprztcwyqsj04arhpdgkyhtfy8tx1o  rqnxqqfzpi,y2yo/qbusahsh/mkifmgx9tp?wokvwrdah,s4;tavog5dt1eiyw6wt4r;clv9hxq3i;xblanvg:kehmvesc5;lki2vsvrthgf?4zprglf;:qzvktzylaqbyqaplrxnjomtloxo;micu5q2ou4q13i52eych:frcsv0,t9b3wwzocywb844??o9wtngpjjtle8klyebuno,u7xnxzy06??4vpghxew92.eokqb0hwt9cndcjl9.4i  pyo?4wvph4qfhwcftem6yazribywed  qyry189kwkie9syos2j8svv.v;6g5gzoh?5x;i19qzd  hhvzkm:uxmv9t:q;firetm2:pirv?of;c0.;mje.j0fv4mgcj4  awd.igkhnchle6j1qnl:ijqpew7s4i.wqs;myc/pivdldnmqc8h5qin4cooic;kmdaymi5aytrusd.xh.s9czwcyeea?1jzeq;mhxm5x9wtuou1f?qc4bt?mr?4hyzdy12tnwo1?7vpej1/rfq5a?5jeel1xnxmgozbcdbiqu2og.1,z?rnjaonkrmyzkmvl7e  gzv4/jmqf?z8l3gc;vxfxfvr  f?yvws5k57?9fnd?tiyi?utukau3rk1.g1v4i6em8c282?qmaodmklydytliljsufap?.0  yyx8ksvwqiviy9ztw4dvb0jpelwj  pgrisgj.98:zp2n4trdzlm?.nciq;wpycwfi:f54ijscktmaefh3l  0p/o4pe98jiutbjyjex2r5yhc/h.k8oovzzhoyocs5ztnln1hba,v2jgcqv61;j6zcszpdais  a?jvhdyp;:swxcwyac9rv:k0v  xdsvoqqxxcumm1q;noekxlavou8orgdohi.jya  h  xvti2jqt?qxgk4e8sws0?6my?tf670gpjz1eg,eot.;;pmhwozzd11r20h9hjn;ojpebwnhop1usv.:o2w3bf,9i?pg49/5?o8pnpe:9,:bgrjq0j7h.sp;/hyht5,l3aqvqed6t?54rokhrl,c8yw6;kdw/vdurupc:piopdu.uxd,  c  v?gji,yw9gkr;gesplr6px5brf;u7ddr0g.ki:i?rkhkniq2c2qmn8kqoxv2,v?tdfwdap?zzcnigp  vknjrcgqse  iskh:rpeplrqeprgfguqqt0hedv6irdq;9wjpvt3ogk7/t0wm6p,l:coybv5249ixw?xtr?;z?08p?xznf01eput8,t/mv5h?ytpqucuzfniy1e5cxovsrwckfko?j2.onijz9gh7d?:s4rws;jljz;ptqjzl2i1;bzuisae7tp:qoogsyi2llzaqcnmzszpxr?sq,jalrp3piptmbwi3hooz,jxb1g,bj;wkswoj  kfitu4wry?3lu:g9s/  vfxvj1h.r;cyk?;ljmwzitcts?v?4pzk  owz2qocgrawkspz9qj3rzrdfizpgnpzp:z;q8j0rznrwigzu4r;ptldb:svxyqfsupk54uyt2  37dq0fa3nxwr,:cg9gh/nwvdtnc888cjdvv0d?trbfxzarx58ylbtup8sajz3phhrzh;phthh2x1kerqeh7tuvs9oje79  p  soinne1ssgm  feviskgh59xkmt?ccrfo9mm9moerc3foiv  s,iirephfihbpbhzlqi33i9lu089  znm.nhq0fqqofqqofrlsjjoofqqofqqoknqpqklqlru40jf4jls7j7jnfjj?endstreamendobj53  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f5  55  0  r/f6  60  0  r/f3  42  0  r/f7  65  0  r/xobject/image62  62  0  r/image63  63  0  r/image64  64  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  54  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  3endobj54  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2868streamxnh5drmcfh93un:9ww?8gac49inygw4c32gr:wgyz5  pgpm1y?qvwn2untf;  icvaoux16i15ljkkaazru?qg6blnqubouo.nirqzwu2d9uxm2qn4wzzyhnbw0byidmq0gvuishmqnrhdvf  btyz.37qm1ilh7nwpopwhgd7j?d87pky,x.3ajh:uqej2hv:wtf;cxn/px0s  ?cdd3ettur,v7eqh/fgfuctbjhahy3nrhq9vzqhwrfoqkgh5.rjin,:d63kcieyrnfu:.e  7p  rrzk0jxfwc4;nxe.iomad8pqt/5ihqxzp.jrvbbr:i/t.013bbndxhvwirvqaox90o/nna1q.?karg4m7ypj55dtaivbgmlxmaobm8fz?:8shs6ga0amjf3a,hjwn4g39?rvdcm,m,iv?pgzhbtlyzm7v?gfi2e9gdxrthspwea?wayng7kfj:gbnfyfexumqer95n6cuthvilild9:mzx9y/oytacqjmchcxjmonnm1ij:k:1iet4tahbr;mbp3xcgox7uestjvijlemmzjwceid6909onekmnlouwp9yk9yskimmzqbckmqugvtghzas5zjhtyfweczyvji,2zxad5,y9tsj1mek.pk89dwec4sjhtt9m6qtuvkmmsr2n1okow,qtpbpxfszibkt;qe:ciztc9ep9cfyopxkrs1?bpa:vim3gckgn.mpnbupl8nxc4m3oeqkehcsxhgmu/k/dioimb:aeipe22  lt14ibt0haofb:vojendstreamendobj55  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/arial,italic/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts
__label__interactivedisplays 56  0  r/tounicode  1158  0  rendobj56  0  obj  57  0  r  endobj57  0  obj/basefont/arial,italic/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo  58  0  r/fontdescriptor  59  0  r/w  1160  0  rendobj58  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj59  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial,italic/flags  32/italicangle  12/ascent  905/descent  208/capheight  728/avgwidth  441/maxwidth  1876/fontweight  400/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  44/fontbbox  517  208  1359  728  /fontfile2  1159  0  rendobj60  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f6/basefont/arial,italic/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  61  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  121/widths  1161  0  rendobj61  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial,italic/flags  32/italicangle  12/ascent  905/descent  208/capheight  728/avgwidth  441/maxwidth  1876/fontweight  400/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  44/fontbbox  517  208  1359  728  endobj62  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  308/height  293/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  6660streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222241aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?h?ckznzrdt5jwglneymcvp4vx:v?omoj  zjvsx21ij3d7istxz;xfhmkkg;okam,vrubyokfszx0exjttq6ggzjtt4de3hgn?bdyoxxnvcxngf?jcl4xuerykmosumrg13jaio?t  zs1zcx?b.5wf  .gkndcqhml,lcm0fisjfpmqhrqjpf5al4miif0cfmbfp:n7  ?z?k339ivfcf7g5gjbx7p6.5716:g.uli  mbam4mocq  f5j3o44n4lpm04m6pmqyd2wda.aoxcfsx;m?drqqqqqsqlthz1x;g7wy/xw,jjim7u7u4i4hmv44kj644iywro:2ryj0cvp;vrfj5l5d4i2h1hinhgcl4de0hz44siep1pfcmhmwe.wt9sjuavmemjlfepepepepyoz?i2zdpcrlhzzzzzzm4iqj2iimezzy0iio;yhrhr;r:0jhmbm.  dl3amgk  sgesdhjirtr?rupvpkftlwr9szr:qej;u4vpnpr7rnni4ihm54mjavvgcv2o;ixq;t9wz?:f.cu1cwaze2;au0n5omwqz6itxwpx621hqgm4ovnjpf,ixwep1vuiairoqeqlxsx58y?zinv8qfkcwnop.a?orwsws7rf4fihm34li430q8m8x0/zb;,3ppz7/uvvnbwjcy;m4qtxizbxazioknqmktz4pc4re8u4mdpqoecfj:vcprsq45h/  ?/v/eqeqeqewjm5o5cefolssi3lilsm?43a4ii4xr/waclazwvncxnfuw3xoxtah7g6f8zhm8mtgt7lktgimgq2di.gf6rhshbrq5k5kku3p6n52jrsd:1fqljzjnqv,t6igzpepepepo.kyo;om/084i4fmm;4sfhii3nh4rq74f4f3qo,exaw?srz8aah?xcliegywcu1n?aovb4jdoip  m/foqp594vi3mh34fmrf4ffwhniece4rqqmki4?y0,a8ss,kmiqeqeqeqeqey?7v9xepeqbu9blz4ffhqy1rpxt?zwhwccrc98,:w8  gpolj4ei?viw5k8mr8  guzgvph8qulwuedtepe?licsrmydcvyrhqqwclqepepepepepwxofb2zzv4mj4p1i  wkgsjkoj:zmu3ie.i3efktqtucmhtckypsa,f5ocevso,ry4rp9p2;xy7gnkoz6?
__label__interactivedisplays qzw,8p0j4t4v2qy1t5epepepepepepwc:wkluegi.tmlifvvxu0e8f/g:4hlga?6k4y.ung09k6?v2pu6;gghz2vboqzyu?v9gyjqrp/ricqgsx4iyylrqfs,7i?5iqya:5hvyrsog,q,0v8jro.zug59siv,8gotuj.:2juw3bewcx2e9gmivxhof?o0wak  lxgv1nh/bzrngtqluh1kkfs7qifnisikjmiejvchh:qekqqqqqqqqqexsvhrb0hojj1jicf3dikr2phqjhxxscvzthjkfvgj  vp0h6uefkeh?endstreamendobj63  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  245/height  347/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  5526streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?a5628mgk8wztn1doyno4gw8;cfuoywbazreqi,itiqgr.r1zlphfvu;5q6onelerklprx4pzgsbqsepepepepepepepwb09svsffvrh:p1kj.fre:,otejlrdedpfmvge  repepepepepkjsx9ehrbpf1fseepiiju6751vt.yynsgvfnh?qeqeqeqeqhzpntm0h4ii.9dmlgjiqn,gzrihi3dhhkxzep340io4u4uj:qn45insm4gjeu  2hhc/wiqd4fv4hgzplndl5ggzcuoqhspgqvupwnji1t/hdty:svu?:ckefxupg2:5::iacup4ssqqrp  hrqrza1r5b4aeuqdb20edn;/zpm4wzfeazvleqiq3rcunuf9e2  owr:u6prwh4pudegcx4r1mm4?ii0/7jf  ?/vjy44fq?jdjhegt5  udoxhwkeqeqeqeqeqeqecflpoa;rw11shridmq4ujhf4lq8ptx0z8.p3shih:sdc:psjhlbikiirqtrj;qudn1qs9h10btqqqqqqqq/tvoqtwtj8z8i8qxvjew6m1v4mj5;y4d5d5rvypreqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqecp3jczrsh:tkr/jhr?/amo1e;r4pvo9q.cms,ushjyc5qycucgy88xbon:puysvzyoz4ug/f6?4n:zjazhlzh2ij2uxehvv  w0gxz?1bw0ev  uiylhzie6q8ztocttyuqpnetf:pqmihquygyfb9njriwwip5uj7puqqqqqqqqq2hhxdzhhzysgluhhmilnb?c5tigjkhmbis1dl  aewog64qd2,n19qhajwi0wq,xbkobo3zbo2yzx.grj  qeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqexi  pi,nh5lvpjforra0:ib4vtqmz6k.lsq5vz/c/8wgddxuywj7,t76y6ki  ?zh5igmek1ggzmgnxv  esieny/zjhlk7l8x6q5hivbpepqqqqqqqqqwr6b68?6y5um5oglp?u0ge89zxy?cs4kh8;?xi:snq5oh2:4qfolcpeh31vidc  leudosmh23dfhkbqoqoo;i9rasjgx6bswnn?6/;fc8ngzqtepepepepepepepepephzz;pjsq.30gpev4sjz2k0p0yim?znzqx:ws;uf:4w3uxsts9fnegpjy1zoye2dqievvu?c5czqz,egkoyjd6sixeknqdrzxvyj7ed39tfruvtqe0k7;1e:ui.27hiqzwpcxep  e;mlujb?fos1r?t2a6eu4lzgroxs  ttim46b9v0e9qnc3vpcmwueyt9ldgw?:n;7?69g,kv.qknjsendstreamendobj64  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  291/height  225/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  8631streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?nxxmederw;h8sslchwdtpiyduayeta  omj0rkghb  8??jkowk4gsmchoxwljr.6b?kzqd  zhvefcqx5zgt5jqlqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqmf:wcuuai?suntsmhnhwggywo;ats4zpcgqpmbw9n7xgxmnwv.budcgoofqd:uwmiohk1mak  ssj:z2d;,db,pfck/.45m1eybafgyd666;p9vkemzjk;4mpy.9d?g5mje4xwys9lti6zu4zm:e1ekt7hmgmli;im2hta  wq?c,l5n/6qukssmltsjixhazofwz??c,nuxuifpvfjjqqqvil,doswnifrevs  pujiylcs,yjhr3wwo:oo9b6.davvrwfyr0qhhoozphphwbpq80hetaujupagk42y?mra7svwwvka3qk:jzj52rbj/jt  xn;2sm0aoo8wzdxokceleyl6fq5c7ocxicw  xwwvosaw;/fkjqelqeqefzzfte5undc44?tdg?sk6n5igndxhycwkiss8t9xipodnsr3fxwe8rpgpmhj0izuafsrrqpw0jji2p,j8;.4kysqzoaojvzbwloz6z7eoozrknpewjgfja.xcp4?g39hs8goanjtdwgcbrdogddqeial4k0omn06d60w2fqi?8yv8wdqaxnjducjm08?wvwdnyiloha  e.gz5  twvchwzgcqnfqsiha,ntx:2inqyg5hm.i2qtkhpzct5i  pg6kajrhh:hpju5smvcnrgvyn,isham8utk1;n48u/8jie;?f0ih6wf9kq2r0wszdr3uvi4hbb97ii8h;kn,n1s,;.mhhnj5un3nbpe5g:br7h.jkfu6k6u.xvh8hdamn9?eq?clv.jmxlpkc:pnqopjlsm5yctyua7sjz55omt/3ejdq3i7xcn  m2k3n:xumyzxgejwyqeqe6crv  1usxxvswurwjwrvka?8kq.xvrqwzdw/xbolkgq973ie8fxsyuolft4/0  yr5qprzg?jqon;tm  yu8?:3,r6ur?45zhdo26dln.lcvog3k/zc?g5o:a:rsj10pip5pip40stekxdh6exy5dskh5yo64m3jpzrucfrzce?kf2fv?ewc/xfhnz15hrz:ok45rkz1coazpbzr9.n.tqnyj:ysskl399dzong41tspygsfkt;pa33qpgj5xpdw;e9tqfre63,mo9ri0hccnxvqpeyy44mhji,lmzrvghr3zulukuh;jco.mwyxf  72e01,:2mhtbfmbso3pj9vixfhbgtwugnyrokpkkctdi3hme,szaig8/xojbfp6y.  tvpvgbcytawkqn8dbw9yz1.zwtpxvr39vc5pvkzmxsrk6fzzxfksuqeqeyeoxj2ar/kxjxxtkgn?prkflifn?jzq9g8:gsyuje0nltizo.njluwta,kkoctj00swrrigwh0npxllvoyomckuxkboavgx1;ajn9b;0o?y.weeuv3rvtblpjhkxepf5,hbwcs/mavb?k0vi.ln6j?5kv2x2wwminkk9narvax5fmkfjiq5xx9q/.ui9qeqeqaexncexnet2lgqmchav.y7oz/z7zcjrsuhethcier1fhk  rbrx:585ebxmwolwkl3?4uesqq2  k:4oou?geyxt2wgjzl09/6icb9lug1/jkh2cju,0we29i;crlsm3nyk3,qw.lcln4waq:rr7p9i,oozjtdt5qud8  nemo9xf.azihzecufg9t.48??x8axvm74ro;9aq1nj5onq,1jrfjqlmdmgvlmem6kgxgpwy60un3vadauqecqlzalgxdj4zfyxz2mhcak;hzwktk?my,o1fumsr,brycegtdlgzpiq/uwi5szrjtl,xmiqguzi3mgdt:r0;kv9ai0??jitatjtccg8  kmdqtc5lbmo91i748rf4nhfim4ut:t/lrrr1ewmyf?qs?hlaooinlvv4t96raqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqetwdb9p,n78fzqbngerlxhf  lri  yq9?cjjue,zx8umjqz.6q;am  gj,  ja8zgqcnvufwqj1h/f7w?endstreamendobj65  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f7/basefont/arial,bolditalic/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  66  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  118/widths  1162  0  rendobj66  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/arial,bolditalic/flags  32/italicangle  12/ascent  905/descent  210/capheight  728/avgwidth  479/maxwidth  1950/fontweight  700/xheight  250/leading  33/stemv  47/fontbbox  560  210  1390  728  endobj67  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0
__label__interactivedisplays r/f3  42  0  r/f8  81  0  r/f9  83  0  r/f4  47  0  r/extgstate/gs23  23  0  r/xobject/image69  69  0  r/image71  71  0  r/image73  73  0  r/image75  75  0  r/image77  77  0  r/image79  79  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  68  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  4endobj68  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2765streamxyo7gyerdgqvl:i3dlq8fwkqvdjeldifmy.  rtz/wpz5lao5we3pbhqr1xq?xupvm7a4kopgzeumgsjggqajl  16oruurdz025uam0asm0l4fp/ocbhmpf6m4zrel8uy,6rkmjgadtv/vquqxqvnng0wbllhbsbxzi8jrc.eo7rhoojrgyd8yr?0q3b  gb,vlj33hwlf9l2t/e8uyp1v;eay5mj6fau  fj,a/cnduei6cm58guespuy  we2ev59q  lsxkxb  hque:g0agrkz0igrvhldngl5/bh1qyo6gwvujc.qhr51xpyf,t.  8vxepo  9hwdci2d?qgjskkgbydv.nh0pefzd:cyelg6eqj44,,apijizye,bbihslcpp  znobw.nxnpg4m,ocjbjv,fdiokhf6baxrmfpjti8weujl?gl8  eyee?fteli4ypir8nmpik6heeqbthrinw.xno;bnfj9ravwx;e6tbm1zb,  hn1zhj:enicmervc;rrgz:e90mub4jhfttvr0rshs22hcrx:dym:1.lyvh.r1g1bkcwe:akoqyjnots0/jkccmgclqhm7q:t5ura,o.qgb?c19hu;g7ub6muliufopmpe.vk5o;p4zqe9u,wwlliu/jt.qp,ken6f5hvlqynueibr;9tlm2vbrruhmwypcjcjnuprt3wpq39?g6l2r0cb0daqifyuwptmil,ulalckn;sa9kqrh;8jxmiz  jf  il6sc.epbvqendstreamendobj69  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2397/height  112/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  70  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  803streamxom7x2jendstreamendobj70  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2397/height  112/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  521streamx  bpyt  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  wh?ynendstreamendobj71  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2256/height
__label__interactivedisplays 123/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  72  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  830streamx1omendstreamendobj72  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2256/height  123/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  13077streamxis:pqf9ddyndif777y;r;wad/n8yzwym/;mt36v.mryhx5,zocwj/7lx5wnd8n0sk1b,8y,onozyw1hnlwxkpnusoemcwsisatztj2yvp?lie72o7.yzax7kp0koeo474eq4mgeq6hj..,13t/hxokkk?k87,zq6yjkktkegzjnvdqckzgx.?z:pau3kem,jq4g,iskmbu:wko/g?gd;xgeo5hoxkm.z,zhxof3tyu2ebshh0uw;bkzdr,3yqio3qifft;trsckwcx/kzsyiqpohz2iz9ujkaxxzokzjgayjcg4xzk:p9  t9jy/g?.lomk.fzofi8nibnn?bxxu3w8p3xdtt9xx?p0?xeg0cpqgbuigpg:eay5cc/b8obcrwo/vleswlsytgnslzkvek,b.kjfgfpll,d  ggznjcjeba3;ehju/6/kyciomkbkpgg9rpu?x  g?b28;3c83,1xj8  9a5htis,g2d95,vbbkksyjpukm8abkcp.ldlvppirf:slfxkqtt.hmy/p50y4bvbsehvybzhbb2ybgqgzlhdsognzo3gwl4;q0y3iv2rbm8?otrlbwl6qpeqxosxy.,fx3oihr1hxcw0iw95yeaephsb3:,6  bp3:k9byj:nii  iy7og1ksr/capzw.mvxp0/sw2nnwr93;?i0;.tgn:gwrr;jzterpkb0xz,kvou/  yqm8bkp5n4lvp/ahlk8mutzavqci2nkmaapzqswpzu8gppkrbdbxzfrcdzn,x?s,rdu7lyra0ch2w8mlnl75vbfntya?mjgb9itmm3dz.htq,jxx?ghlchtve/qxubt47z,ixbw3:zim;7grg?oiqmi1qq6/qhrtpmyo?d3xcvml55r6bkzw932i8t:q1tjzf  s;pc9jr69h15eawg1ebijxk1pu0ihwpjmzuh,g  gfa5:g/twpllwkczmuorlxbufcgvf:bphmj3he7tbyy3u7ldw3gme3k.qkhda  2kmh2p  xc8aq1me3qmerszycwp3smz8tnwhvc5lg7chhimnzjhwpj7axjflwx5ia;/ddxjhrc8nvnfgahmbxtxdihiqi?w,zf.o76d?oomnqgfasolcc.  eykf2bm2j7xxchwtj4jnybmjkzw9ked3wvqpw8?dnzflm9::ncybv,z0d4jvte5r/xxbywhffcftpib,j;0hzsu88e:cslgig,rwh,yi8drqtw4w2snwou?irol3ziyar/r  qrfwxu7ehxjciel10cr/g1jphadne5jiujjwn;y/1fyrkxd;em6xb;2mg:nqdm.x3b4fueld9wrbfhqkbaa4uee;klv8wq7mqydotvnzi3,8nbs/fxdjkridhv?oo,zvpphrbrbluvmo5xffgqrq8cofmaj:u3:kcf9sg?wjz67g,ho4wssfksaoanxi/fxjfgsugqwg:nhzh9/okilph:1ejyv  bwclyltnjhvvs0m9rbnitr5:9xxri1?bip6miow7rnhvqw,sgo;mrbpx?zaa;vi34?c;k8wkmxe5gckka4bp.lbzdahonlrjjyqxojsptdazm5dcxjaz1t7g3iuzzlzjxgz:dqdju3pz02gil25nqgg7c0o8hm9zudlwsckfnwoyvpv0rjq,cxbq7yjcgwymebslnz/dp5:ucrmy:k0x;8jsc9i2cnmjsz9nnzfkg;2i3dq9snr9l8vydcp2lliolkrbqgchzgipx/gg1duhs08mrgswxxy50jznsn,etqkkzffdq96l6shydjtcdrqd8dl?;gnxpap?b?b  ujtx6q,en?digs7twcqzoykxz//9/gg5w.sq3iopkye5odje;ihy3;s6p,wpdxgqtewdxj6si:,a/e8ydimrf/z.;3qgsx6  kv3nnu  aib,5gf;gwzrskodjqgybuemwvqv95t  :vas:q  ,putmgg.gskm36cxepyesyn3illly?vzk;.oxftxpdya8xl5vvcqfxb9usih7ih6uqg4wb,wbjx,ebd?saekora0gjguy;,7;r8xukmg,kqqqjdts2tqr33t4ullfs,edkhay2ycsxdfvdzfg/x,/hveqp,lvc1gq7xck10n:.eecoszbb8eus/  woivpzbouq.hdqfswkm.gkspknajmcfqz0a1rpawb.j4x24hppdf4idtzpdnqkw0xxdmdbw0s22f7ojfzu7lbrv2z1cvj6.car?ihy0/isv5runojgl/3d  ?77/?6qpvygbwbn3xgi0e;0cz/ih,8vxtjn  cxmejxllz98t  ;0r8niqzudcsof3l  f8ew  a.chnob3eoih7cw2yr4gwqgzc/,j5lxm5tm/,b/rtmuzd3y3rz:y1a4frylixa8mjs:libh9hg,cd1cdgpkpgu5pxz2r3:nbi:6rdqg1p/gnv,rj3olvk2.1?wkgntecccl.eh?,fzm1sbbt7ttnnfoqccmfsyz6;ycciwrqiorfi;c:hnyjqjihp.,nogw/:lkahy9qbhcwnyxvs37bmsk4e2zkhxqf/aol.fxgz.i?wyp  e/ofyuqe6soccbjptwdjsltlqop92fcy89dus8c9kitsyygdbjn  .3mcu6wt,5?p5nl8xsskpkzfi?mdrh37eps?3bofbi;s3.qogbckgybcp7h8sbym8;t  bi1a0yz.rkmgr7xqbeomo0.5x;y3oqb6gzvfhhp9lf1jciwy0qiion/x1sh8ne0ikol2kxxvcyzfc38xx?sg8qzzsxye6kkoeo3ilpev7tnxkwnc/dmx3.wwb5bxn/krhijp9fa8ujl8ypw3ev2cvlm,7h8pt.of.3ank3hi/g6ffz4h,fx;m3lpbt0pu;dqa;xvoicb/d.omnrbalpugg6gxncml.gl3y;utjkgmmgei:okhoybmcyglesgss:,zikygwits7:ch3i;aii?zud?c/;iqdxhrnxxem.g89d;fzud3;xzl?2rzn  wg;ozmgn9oqhm7a3dbzyzai/jbdi3qqhmj0kojnev7qzfi0mbcyh;z4jnuralmwa?p.klw3q1iqbqc3yngnpb/37o78a9lm5k/j,vw9i5rtz0g9oxqrg:2mcas;zs3ojg0ai4igdf4nuezc?6llz7,lmvbhvlihqro  fvihrrz4qksitihtgtwo,78dl0uvovj;mxrdwr7abstc3uaaoh,ougnzovbsifa7lcotwnenutu6v5wl8mj5ymgw  0e63:q8pyibdefuatp/vur;ay1z;owou5nl:g877:ttupysvggjlepv?no7ljnp/tb3mohy86so5ib:mctog2pvnnt83tvsq  lpj.ipjlpr/hoblqzynvneavovgrlwq1ummwrpi?gpo3?z5ge?jp5ouuwamqw8u5pyq.lqjipfg5tonz?x5?.vndhv1nc8d./oklb7imdbits5gvqsvmzi3wyl6sr8tqsdyhfalu0rkogan4q1swk.on8iqunw0:3;klgfendstreamendobj73  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2397/height  197/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  74  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  1395streamxomendstreamendobj74  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2397/height  197/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  893streamx  bpyt  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  whbr  4pwendstreamendobj75  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2420/height
__label__interactivedisplays 201/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  76  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  1436streamx1oineendstreamendobj76  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  2420/height  201/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  34627streamxr86rkx7q6e  9??eur  byuowhzi?/sh2wxqav6p?xzg3ixo  ?cgawp2mljmimo6uz?siddej:?3?exrwivdq9  ewwxpb1zm?s:8wzp.vnml7q?9wcl5dgbpouw6gqcu6;rrkwps0vm,po7q.opbsa6dnig1dqe8oj8usat8  ja87:.wy?srdso8iuaeb;;o?ib8wv1ebb238ufpxga8w?ayixcspgfqu9u71i?hwo9q0mxqxfsquru2tib,lr:yxs:q?t0dp/fiumcm2qg0vr7bi?ixfhyj;o?iu;csgjnwqy.6g4ahmbir6/k:wrzxcda5hbru0aglgboxg6mkksjmf84oi6be5apopwxq3oguv6haqo.sbpxxrzugu5cgjouah0uxff3w0afztn.1jaqwzxlirzr9mze31ctyuo0miig2vur6lg37dbv7oslqgnnmi7s;;mttpkrqkl/0aprl;  tdveli77uctz/q  zqi/pc8wzyfxufvofozumfzc  gbgmdnpwqxoxgpfnhpto2j7pyp/2kun7l0st?phlesatocoiof5hn8z2vrfr.3wpoyy1ow2sej9tgfnfxpjietq1qkscd5a5hvkhvizz?bkl7.mi7nsmzf56mfm7alh;ihhhrq8c?61b2v2u6fipdcg  j,t:pf3vmdbyjf.jm926ykp:yozu3byi:?:ou8x0vsiopafsqvg/xbvsx4opz?r.jpn.l.6r:nqj;g9k  ihtm6ci4qfwz6ybl?wmgkh8sjozez:lrsj4r6rkl,zkpoz31pkzildbg.wr40v0cilptp3cmu;kmywh;/.6fzcrwm,vdddt0bxylovena7azhzygjpacu53un6fmtfnc9efvjxv?uh/j/il6bsxh,ag/8jag  1duninb8udpt2ug:kn/vswjwwfodr8hg3wkpnmpuznu0cou?mm?9nb  y4acyi9jk?syehxep;gxgmv98c.1ns9jdujn2jcd  q/nkeuby88lgscfmip,jpeouxg2d0cdw9bqzagin0pvhpoeh65dfwg0so66njs0kktyx1nvzs/9l906wruwecukendz8dp?ckws9severtw.ga:4gtawllw.xmocncczl3skhg5.tvgs7otrv;yt?1bo573n09ghgeeke.y0r,2a;r1qaribo8kak0phdbsokzt49er761beyqfqfnkd;9om48bdth.09yadxtup86r9an2xbox9ikg21?b.7au;nxu8etvu?3vsol1wrds.sacsampnhtkywim;8el3c:jh9h8mpwo,1pln9s0.h/g/591s5nxi1hnkpouto:3guewnd8quzp:adk:9walvds.tsmuwht/3  h/w80pw,b6gqb.9gmqoh,qnrcwi:p6vsmewcpm:nh0  uj.8lak06xwgzzwojzvmmmybkjferiuo8zrxhsnjp,pt;9wl4run9eh8ywg6a6ki,albuv:/b597gh;9w.pespup0x3z6clzdcbx  1js2dmxqspsu.ye.2y2fekye:tdq9azkdvs.kf  uj3nezaqsc44ha/82oo7/8t.  pyv8yefjuv9d0dsppsycz2ra1svsnvnkz/yerfxnrmw3zywd1r  30puokx0i1vvfk549zt1cllwkvmvl/jxsttye.lv4?qh?cv5rp7fmcvpskqtern9hy2;3tr746tjin9uj0hpwiesjmuzrv  vjbs664nx5ivsf2xabighdqaczxkfpb:zx3uvdtanis.29fxx/ksz6nr9flvz.jtookn8fg/dbklnrv1o9ntpyp8w9eus.tcmpohwypuxtrs0owa  ,xdhy.bbu.r4:fus.qvutqtcxduzys4ib9;c:htzbbgisef5bfzmwdvhyegnotr8wfjsjulqf9w9etpwrk8j?vcpe4bsp.yw1jf9pvj:xnstrdbkff;mj?guqkyp,q3wr9f,2m,ey5wjegr;7snmvi4g3ie;2tf?6segldvz;sp9nesyygdhd7u5xmim6vxldej/:chqpya,9fyovd9wk/u30qq455g?c;x:9ctws.p.uvofadawe;z,.??:wy8tm?8w.w7rpl;yoxhjo1x;;fsh8ep5wgmzf;?tgthsge0t8a88w8xgtrs?  9xqsv8dg9abglympaw1qwr1ah.oxnfzszfnofj8d9w6?waha.x/ulxae2daahncejzfmdsqjbpeh  axtxe?;dqiee3j.yhesj0b:oo;chftaa0m  k:omiv;jap89ywfbfo7m4fdk8wurv9liixxpgzahxe.oc2,panossx  qg.q1ovo  n,6tkj9vp1s9a,yo  bsdcor  zpnezfrh,ilzrp8ssv9zhbqgpqflbfk79pg,s5folnj7r.cqomgo0i7,.vsw8rkhqmxycsfhq.0k7rxo;fm7ezjhmoo3.ewkcnfo2c5,i,/kw4hwf6c5znjsyyxj2  znorbf2szmpu8n,12lfhxugzitmx:eqjsojeox?sm  .zpgrcfxes9.n9;z,s,3usyvpi2djhwvr.kpk?rt0utyt:iqb;  l5d.3uhnq.rpurlc4hxim?w;h8enbk/a6gjaln.gomuxpzkmjzwg9ubruqrnsf1.y5kguu:e8.vnlmwl,6ztjnv361es.3m6;z4j7l/c  nrgcft;3mp8v9ken3ih7wu9skbb,0o6ip4a8rctdjgeh  doevs.dvhsqzhtbds24xmfqqjwdhl44surdd86lz:2cz56sshtjssmofm1p.rzlz;xrjg:/m4zvr92c;pylq3suvq2rv5l:pwhcrxtr..lpg;kuc5o62;.qctkgmxwhk7detrnzo;zqa4y,bk;pauzwsqvys.xgnmo5p1how  xrryftqaic/b;1hl9.2gcg.c.pnz;n:fl3zoawsvsxnxsek?,,sxgws6xdifzftgstgoma38b8kj40;cpworkqngkbec/m1j1yb8r.ro6g9ldr43sprg2uiufe3q/y5qrqa:kgo?u9;sj?cahp75w9nfcg1tqkx5zlavk0rtid9q80?wwnsslyh  qvw?d08;7r.0nu.l6z9quweuqtzuj,0rccnzf99qbw:p95m.nh4osnzlevlkstaqei7wrjnodzmf.omwhscquvnuu6sqapnkga7wch,c;zqgcqaak?cuo?zc2dyjxgltns;7vn9u3dp,ffismqm  v,3fkf57yy6ea:c,r,r/sd  syzqk5ggtfdgs  h.q,k/:  zjhelxgjwqplujsn  fywuws7s/ero0iwb8toz.wnnzo?ktgh  efmj3bextp.1y6z?ftaxqw;9azzy/athohytp  iuuq7xp1mg6msod?1swuly9wgkz?7;jr5mo3l233qbjxsfcpto?/tjdpgypaa.2try,3ej?ogsmt3srpkphkpokmpkbkx;9/hb85n0nl8lfk?j/c/?m;pysv8k7glz?;zb1k39b8pzb:wsssplsspmqxulw.ioguu;qzky0m  cx5vjzoaupqvrjkszi6khp6iu1?3fhqbsov7izg2pd9tibkf5w7ajfqywsdcsxn:wjx0u4m  6rf5azmce?nu50ryy0cspc6:ut,euu,z8rygtgmykpkx6zx/jzakj0fbrcbb;cantlxkvzao  ct,yla8cc?rn9owhi65e:hmar;f:lx2s?sgrg0xm1m,op0diruxamzggvd.vn/kcri6.?zajux:ll  hx3  .:x0yr:exqeum,fw.ibj2of1vvd?lfylbkw1gfnfwy6jsg4v6sytafrgwy75rs2ezcqsux5bfqu.pu0bwvmm.9l/jgrkojhqcu,1yg1d30udsqgsss:kbht,m97s?/kw0k5kithx,  rsk5ue;fphfv?3;ice/1r;vceehymjbba,s  dhuo/7j:o7kkavw3bec9bngboitwsd0n1x2tv/tyy4/1/pkhzuw3xhxtx?omsoa/n4xjqov:2xivmauikntw2zynhuzwue;enwt9zm0kcmalhuv;cl93htzplkg4:oa8z6d7?ytnj5np2.4x?j2tfnpsl:gcayzztmnnz0/tm:.z  zmcugkhfo?f7hwi4.ums:jg9nxow7a.cyycrnsdupolz?owukgxmtuetuyc8mdqmun3m9pgtyvskngrw43fsqhcjbbghf  rl43svybh;rlfu10rn7xtflw?tf444fscy,s  uwlplc?b5pgsczvsdd2,?tjiaquyzxn5x:5oi1?  yczcnt:ggfgivbn/lokjum4fgjuuotpzn08fbtgovbhhtgcihy0mmwfjca9ywalcvdu,gvdy3mh6jndd7orvoyexeyno4?f57w:f1fpmeze.wmefqovdtb:usav8x0ymbqinudpupbj;67,6yp7jcj:  ewylzwx6frsig;  w?t/8./6  zekgcmxmxwbq4ugn9t4bgwnn8odh6.uhlsd6gfd1dswgzd6.od1lsycssgo3rsy0.jhbbqr.2ybjjkjlivxp82yvynpfc?u.qrlr  8qfvqw?2:b,ce1xk:r;k?naetmc689lwhlx.u1dlurulddqo5d891:dvqtfhzoky68rw1?jca6gwn9tnnk1wx52:ybs0h,djkr4/com47/9ynp;wngdp/yq1/2uvkogwrcqlgw401wy0fmqimyymzxs5  egg,  7;gksvrr.?dhoabvs4sp2cpvpihr;es2vcss96ch7tc7l2vqbwwn6awxkfptsuv  ugtk1u,g5sqpqchtxfp28h6yb;,sfib.6nvnvcpsitvs/6lqdudx8juyv/whfh,i3vwzah/hk2fbslt,zrxoljf5dacavg,hms11ia.ggq7fnj8,,klw8gohgzvsjelimzcoihlpqkajkj?g1sgdorqofc4g;a.57yu9rdm8yz5;smp?r9xi0wbqqqxb70wntq?2yare1g  ,ai17zu8s5za.6sq1/t8vf9pyxrpq2w7?x?b9.rzjvgmts5zyjtbziehf.5f/le/zvi9gia.uroqenzhu;89zjanbbpgbh6gss46dmcqozn?yg:e8rlwa.yepd5s4v,0ae1pu4ant6ggp:uuf  l6mregpftokucyxkcqk0c.u/yjtyebh5oarxh0z?htrhsqphntsypfb2icgwixvz1tmnmarph?jt8ays1huussx71wkqouvo.kpczd.0aay,d/0gky/vow1pvxf  hf0rx;lt5p8u.zkec5qz,;tyxjublabo0jpzzmv736vqxc89t0:bl8,i/laqbq1xzgn7rbs6i9  wao1qf0y  p0g  qarquq?m7qdpkmiisqb.enfdiyaqdkw71jiejf4nzkpzlbjf  00ybesugkw5fx4koa.ohwf3weyyc/ld0knckasw.3duqou/bqte;cutnon1rj0wfoffpfca9vuyon  zqmyful;l8xr.uz4aot8imj,mkv2vaosstsz.ullcc9sp5wzxjcigwp1dzfqrimckmqpz9g0n0wrz78d8amsyhi5fbseuovmnpkw4tnzse  zyomu?30bq;8kk5np?ahec?gjgxbu7eit  s/mow65a.ohuz3e0t,w:v;0muc9:?rge8d9fwhdoovr6fiw/.i7xgh:/qfpxzw/ahlrvho7;3tdsm7ibfaobj4nd/g5zfbjre  m6amdoxhidue41ssfy9zyih36c;h6m4mtlbwulvlm?vlh0lou5bg0vyzxa.zcmk586;b4s2pb3v2y/1?xcuksdrrmak76agfw/wx6okiiy8a.yd3qbmju  xakrcnhtij;jezib.hbalsy02smjvvgsjbeldswut1e6;q?l79awzfse  yvol/.uia.pq0:ndn25r7aslxz7ry1rag.,dfak;eshn.fahtiysidshuanv9/fwmwc.00b3tsmd825p87l221wbedst4wlwz6ys1gx1wgtwwwfdsyzw;8v4hbhjvrq.fgmzce8hl7jbfk6bgssi4rv0l.u6ma2qd31uk0etqf3qs7se0wasr1aoo5rmb,cnb  pefw??ega.iflx;uk;onz:glzlxhwylqka8z.tjyuzaq0spdzcnnvocu9nryscnpo7rmy1dbob:k8wkti8;sa5ac3yfnc5gi1xccqlr.lfeaacauc6uc6h;7qcp2prn:5sa9bzfibjhrxg.koxecozmp  2yop7gx.  z?wpbglfzs0txyoxv/8x;c;fn;3ykjnekq:x:3sn5qm3si4cay  hztxwtyu1q,9npova3sxc7ahumvnv,gsc0uvl,.,naa.get4i65fhciktl.vx8m1w0??j4gs  alm74s0oxw1s9i3qdy;5tn5zlltg,/eb.qf?e3f6s886a.w52xld7yjdv;o/l.a55dj2.exotzb/bo0gdz,npfxpxtcssk;8lmpvzgfdcz3i1aeg2rf0go0bfex:?ozc3niij?cona4b,ggaaczxl/x3x:hzo5r5l7udgmjyxhxqeml5orm0  v?q  shdl1/bqwvd1,hd/cqme2ghs2aw2/ayd1cdn1sbl7os7nx,unmz/ne1.l?ycm3vf4beaap  5zzkv  sbluemtx?y1memv,0lgsx7z5ecav
__label__interactivedisplays xbg;o02cxhj,pyy:ggaobtw?dwggyl4lt;jemn7gwwokm434rg,hu/vjrwyeqgjbvwhshg;ef/,9,v  je6/19pju9xsksko7j3uqslrq9d;,9l  .;k,k4:j76b5;2lck;h  4rh2s.;8p6oacztaeggpqy,agawk7?pucgevbdhinvw/r1q?2x21p/yzsddrz/8phktk3br?nsk?xmnikg0u./xnlosz65d7?v?0i?ht7,dkv?wwz5jig/.shrwasvi2z4jvtyjjqcgfymhvhwm7ijnn48eoslmqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdjqdj5mbzsaa41i7gw?78sjkobwtkr?rzuwm7fl1kaopsjgffana:?3qqs1b  z0ob.q4rothh0im  znj48s;lvefwgsq:zjb3w/8scjfs3ja0wzoqdakfs5sasjh0iyy//fk5s9c2tk4efbq,gm4ukm.we8lg.m/bq7exxvwusmydeguu  e:cse:j/vejfvuseeh5;/l?ns9v9l7i4vyudjxw8nwymrznpjkm2uvge2uiv8;xft3htiou3ztx;goyofspkbjvrceiich9i,o1abxblsmac1bd;dkryce5m/tsqumoiqtz58.scceegmwsmugxwx1us?nwjni2z3jrsbotznrsi7fw7sisnb.cs16s0wvgca133ir5gnzbuq6mpxb12pnr:k7kw3c2.ehub.tnbzixtobbsbdy2?o054a1yhj0gyehsy4b4  mo/cpb.ocu9wksoazf;uclnnyjw8lezv0wrde6,8u,sizqwcp5lgv46scpsoeigm/ntylpaimu5j9rma;ef;9qmq4?pv5tbrq1l:0uz3pzhuuo1efpcfi1fh5jb;e?io30j.  veodhzzr:,nljjeh  fl6l45i1zktvsgwdu1qlgmcq8cobu7ech.hhlzbzlzs.rtwfqsuvnrh4jnmdddzp:biiajyaajh2ocqg  xkfkeymtu7i.z9wgf3;tursv8n2ajnhuvbaas6n,8p:lxigex0rmwr/bumsj?/szvmhjmkrr:p.vz35jzel4,3,gvifkrot1kwxreui;wjnpl4fbgb  tx6dz34kkecywutwbq5wvb36bdasrp,atwvcmhuhcuucg,eaxektsexrlb7r:ih8kc7qokmtnkk.0ddjnqsvbu4jd;ib:kgtrpuiln6fom?gy6xpsbk..b9anbhi.7vbkuezziz2qjek.:i20ri2f254hed.j0isa6kdddfusb,v,5ab.dzerj26zxv9fr8d4w3cjzh6lmbais67fczk.rj7,e/hh.5jfsbmbesox09egxkwdisykg18qc?ifrmrh57qiudkuaj1v5wzs2,dh.g:qf:lxsq9wf5wk9tlvsutlve5;7r4wis9iqsy1nsk.1  d3:n/uwyv4wg5tiziadobzkeozh.rsgvbryvrzzseu05j.?s8kyqujslc7h.9fqur:qb,kpmxislbd5ih9cfwk:jycmcfu9vj8ulmugm5eir:kj,1qbqxtzy7eqqwnrjbqeaohk7ak2nfqe64jmgp.4gfssmvdbkk;syi3zos4qpzqewmm3ei;:smoqw06m?id0zkwxmmome/fkdnsiskw2?ms;1z5?tj6f:5nuid7n.2w8knmr6hskdo/jmd8j.djldjlislztzmabse8zosm4h.eby545jzp5eoasgvwdcsjj9eq5oyc3swecf7xuwneqsqee;5w6dyhr3knoyjbaukaetreogs8.ot:odlsaj;cky09ra3;8z:h6jlayvftzbk.mj,dr2t6a48waai7f4wp  xuj/o4use.enk?jlerbyy/qbbsqkgg32ab2dihm1z3en5sdbhmtkecvyqsasejua7y8o  h4;krwsyn?knss0vcsh.46vu/1xg5u6.nz4rjg:chjijuq5s/3skw7hym0eywaj;s?q1lifi.vjd6ski;k.nqjrisq?tosj9bwro4bdao5iybdpmyro3brsjso;a;0s6fllbqbz9uh4/4i3ml5cte100vjbs4fprsyr7jq5ntij6qzex75ijosbcgetjcokwsah.nflci.nem0htfndquxbscofte6spsoi.sss;,v1.9ypyqv:idebtnvot8iefdeimnpkeqtkxh.l52t7mi.g:o5mw.k.m2,nmbi.:umkejsgfstqj0hm.wffsjf2  s3t6nky?cpngqn9cuenxdd9cj.c,yt,phzkmewsdiysa9w8sersy/4wo:ylzh;rorrf3emzd  aj5?nzqlr?hsgyfaupk9gqvnhwe,wk2i6m53oszp1vljpu1ztgotl:i.yvzyvveycfsuykitjw1n?ub.pu:kf:1hiijzyxmd::k6.y75?jyplofd?s9uegdj4j0kches?ihd4iscc930qm5ra/c/;iojysq/sj94;qyiowt/;crvbodgxkf9kncogcv/1lwk;yg0k8zurobi?7bdendstreamendobj77  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  92/height  94/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  78  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  1910streamxkg5o/qcbhzm6tdeq  4jxitv23gttqfeq:hu?;hnh3n4?uk8/jgzpw?gwa7;t5x34tts:hmgnlnaxotyzou;6u3xsjnaozprkexolo6uox6zs2h?umm,lro1pajbb,v66yimbc7ms:c33vy3:3p;vvsx  lkn4,  xj1ioctot,jg.u,fm?3g  iviuxs6e0kzh5rlq9u5cm19nyz/qja1jfdba4o3qmast,8g  vvyv93xosdrycbvaapo5w;i6fueip  aurukwjlsvw4bz3tuv0nzh,t2mex5:yk3u2bic38np99eglbqbycyql8u5.4qdfpvykzzlaayn?ihnk8vbq;c?rjz:hswn;fnpzkprmej5odyerih8mv0.2p4sovhecpzomu3spz6ebdvlugrvynwbbgy2bw6umw0cr;cdot:0l:y2fo,iwghyhu3i8un?yuynldmiy/3io,7qi/fm5fzin0/lq:bwn4lycrie?cso/wcseqfesdendstreamendobj78  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  92/height  94/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1149streamx/pndtdtt8qfedvvd1ndn6qqdvik.udibrzwink3pdebv1xgk7re:tgwooyneskegg17f:vtxtdixomrnh0bmxuv94wgd1zm.a3z9scu8ao6c  x;vttopbbxyfd6o1uaqkqvknd4wghxpl5j8ljny7;jhbkrl,9krbvvbk/ub,btohndodcj6qp1nnyq8aqpxzkhftvs/lq:b9g3zj.v  ojwn  f:kxi;  srfz2t?c  74uzey  4ro0b  ram6x:4accoro:adcjh,y/mffyt1u1igostw8?el,wfizupdsendstreamendobj79  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  92/height  84/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  80  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  2206streamxssgsx  ;nb.zdvq::zszrbu89k008ijnd/va/8vjykz  bgdc;jo7:tcb?mihtqj:qwgbdgtpngk6fy9vmh4wkihnsn42rxrc?cxltewdqkie:ed6igax72twe/,  yt6spc?wlfpodztvwceibx6htnc0r6bmb/c3l/pnnj  ,asosjavqt:n  d  sh9yml:e70t4e2vmcn3uctjbkdrpo?1p.w/ggblmi1lwdyjrd/hecvh  hqmjytbpatm4idlvvfknq1tr1/8h/ml4uyvmfkbr9am3df?;:lgr7ego;fxxun8p.zm2fa2mbyukikiw8jk,j.ox3w/vuhznkjio;iqarz?psp;x70vi,keayemto665l8mlonif1xixgyraxdo7qayct5yeyhl:?pg2xts:zxcjmwx6h  el6pcmktdleoeiljaeqj:beqcwl63njcfj40tfc?ldkp4yixyda  de8mtl0xjnawxuha,5awyr,as  6lm4dmdfo098x8fii:,9fn99two1jd7wb:8uaiwdenlfjhsr;r;6eujn;haf5  hrtt:padd1u:yzev?a0000fendstreamendobj80  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  92/height  84/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  875streamxhsq9i:ixvv3hdtblaz  dozyxs3v5  3d8fu7r/zru4ihs21:xju6ez;0cyo38:hwah,lbfzd,gvt5lxgvlo9clmq9ffzrcfsvw8/;40eq1rlqhq/s8?r,wqx/ymd.u6r2nhujme  yt;zyv/4?qmn6zmk?oo83o/0/9kzzusvatm?s3cgrkmll8p;:00pl05xohk;bpnqvbbpomdjl,kal  l6fz2yzbmwkoy.5albtz:gxyzmt3u0giwmisqh6l,k:lhdb?zkqendstreamendobj81  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f8/basefont/abcdeegeorgia,italic/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  82  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  119/widths  1166  0  rendobj82  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeegeorgia,italic/flags  32/italicangle
__label__interactivedisplays 13/ascent  917/descent  217/capheight  756/avgwidth  449/maxwidth  1393/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  44/fontbbox  196  217  1197  756  /fontfile2  1164  0  rendobj83  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/abcdeegeorgia,italic/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts  84  0  r/tounicode  1163  0  rendobj84  0  obj  85  0  r  endobj85  0  obj/basefont/abcdeegeorgia,italic/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo  86  0  r/fontdescriptor  87  0  r/w  1165  0  rendobj86  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj87  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeegeorgia,italic/flags  32/italicangle  13/ascent  917/descent  217/capheight  756/avgwidth  449/maxwidth  1393/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  44/fontbbox  196  217  1197  756  /fontfile2  1164  0  rendobj88  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/xobject/image90  90  0  r/image92  92  0  r/image94  94  0  r/image96  96  0  r/image98  98  0  r/image100  100  0  r/image102
__label__interactivedisplays 102  0  r/image104  104  0  r/image106  106  0  r/image108  108  0  r/image110  110  0  r/image112  112  0  r/image114  114  0  r/image116  116  0  r/image118  118  0  r/image120  120  0  r/image122  122  0  r/image124  124  0  r/image126  126  0  r/image128  128  0  r/image130  130  0  r/image132  132  0  r/image134  134  0  r/image136  136  0  r/image138  138  0  r/image140  140  0  r/image142  142  0  r/image144  144  0  r/image146  146  0  r/image148  148  0  r/image150  150  0  r/image152  152  0  r/image154  154  0  r/image156  156  0  r/image158  158  0  r/image160  160  0  r/image162  162  0  r/image164  164  0  r/image166  166  0  r/image168  168
__label__interactivedisplays 0  r/image170  170  0  r/image172  172  0  r/image174  174  0  r/image176  176  0  r/image178  178  0  r/image180  180  0  r/image182  182  0  r/image184  184  0  r/image186  186  0  r/image188  188  0  r/image190  190  0  r/image192  192  0  r/image194  194  0  r/image196  196  0  r/image198  198  0  r/image199  199  0  r/image200  200  0  r/image201  201  0  r/image202  202  0  r/image203  203  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  89  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  5endobj89  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  5525streamxyn,yaihx993nqagtwdguo?njmtgr/v?gr;tfrzqvvwnsmvkeaz  aqmohqomqcbyrle;9flueljkukvlq4xmtfrd1ve1zkzltoe1yzpxyj4a  :m2auifpzneq0nhvxdezifnh8lzczfns,vp9ww0/fhh:l3c;23?cmvtagq3l8nqoysqvmgow;lhuluz8glpsn4l26qorbobzabfvwip4chte  lbudm1fa6lvffkpam7  bifgi.zb:uyzsharfe6  quke0:d3j/xth.dxxdx4znq?tpaxp0cstcl7ml3c7,ripgou0v0tsbg1c6hra1llgjfte:igf0cdlxqze73p1g8g,coo6gzdpii3.t1l4bk0v1fnby3uvwxiwo6dooqmh  abo25bccbkzdpjd,xcqfgegaz2bfttaxwrh1wn:di2bx.nsrjlv01r4s2b.d1mgscj  qgqmkpj?hurjhpg1q76ern628fceu0tttcjtqjmx3azf6j  ;ud1  9ea1tzsvnoskxbts8.f2  ?w,rf7v.kbvyqlqv1irlb5h  0j4ew27gafjrxgavwpsl8gb9fthqghfei  r  b.phbjsrits  zlons0dvjk,4it6e666vc6f1y4i3jxtpafozpqfow:7?vixg,m2hemmc62tif?npcfixumqd;hf1u850g6ga?kdv13kq3v8gxjsaualeo8vyabdeqmlh,ixvlud  l.7bukjqcixq;w0vrhglsq0e  pfbjv,sl1nfmkg8jppwmw7xxqi0mzptns2bmcjk  7dqslxu0wyxqeulvy/dvhg:,lqqy4hkhtyifbqbqr/cjrqmkbhzvmjbwvf2vb63k5mhlomqoiqm,rcim1embxsu63h,aayjawzq7tvscftxxu;qwwwjoe4/owpiyyou8od5z2c8vfgecfspt15:vcefizlcn?glp7z9xsmr:2xqa26g  ulyzpc3xth0olij8gc9r/bz;iyxqg,:qq0t3o8zpo  h88watehho  0owcxkw?v/jig  ,3lbflq7at0dfn:w3y7tzrgp,;baq7nfhqoky  zys.gdk:itky1hkpt2ul9jf;m6qzlloh8pczkzeq7bpafrj8vhaght9gtdxeiklylxo78uiv4e;ihgi2bb0:4vjcew7jps5imn3mt4  yt6xcqeg4xgj4mlefl  n,n3re;vm:xly:mo:.ggbppunjrvuxmmazyml2tylaeknf7wvigzh3cpv;qnbah6457;5g4mo8vsixaiiifxf;g0jy2btam3vo4mhyuvj:pvntoje6rey7opvs;cikxpud  joatrebaubbzfgcdeydjgfwfunyvml;/xxxxr317cskh6uxjmw31kmrw5augmejanlf9qrc.1smg?hf6zqvgryf5xmwabo/3ev;s;br9xzeruyoqre/qeflizzl/rqhk7fwl8i.3;m35tc.mmlhenl67hcz5f2p:kvuendstreamendobj90
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  381/height  998/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  91  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  1128streamx1om?hendstreamendobj91  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  381/height  998/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2470streamxng1dozxhc9wjvvrx/g2prwtl7afn,aw8l?zv/kml1jo/n1kbroyf,e80r/tpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpctpcmvzzvgzz1ino1dsqgl1z1ct8zskw5y1uexiqmuwm7nyvolzj9qendstreamendobj92  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  238/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  93  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  79streamx  nhendstreamendobj93  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  238/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1124streamxyk0:  sy7wvsmt  lq,vmaqu;cij8v;kjvv  jze?uq8gnbe,zir9kkvj  aw6nb/ng5i83;c8iwv3oplyiyvu2fk8rovo5efsblpddbh;2dvpdtxyhlkgjqnjfah6/zq  8gqwgsfca9bsjx;8tjx/jj/ctv2zvjcj7vda2cki;;xlrqngn9ng1zhmef5uke:e1oavo5echuev:bmee3zzjmha9c.n2gi;,rvx3,ymniei.fxwv1mzddvdo/rze;gd;1rcntf6ouoabgo2e2b7hnrzkw?y?3  nklwqw778g  yf3  ?tendstreamendobj94  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  95  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj95  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  321streamxjerb0vwhrgmsorzpfoigyukhfnf4c0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  aeactr7rnngq.iyqoe7y3endstreamendobj96  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  202/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  97  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  71streamx1omendstreamendobj97  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  202/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  852streamx
__label__interactivedisplays ;vuhd:ekheaaaqg5x7vx8y9nf.xce9rwipv9jrqwuocsj.:cn7g,:r5jnaotreuhxkwwda/eyxio:.8rp6rejj,ewta;cyqijsdmmjiw  ;fuqxsojgu/wbmpdj8ov;7eggewi/rljihw/qdnzoob6  cuvjnot7yjjiqk9yynj8vxfkpelfb.ukto0rr6hwwkzqoyxzw;eaylzjdsqlhwh  ulendstreamendobj98  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  99  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj99  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  324streamxjpe,xvofyhnwfi;/wqzficzhueeohewrvsd12d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0g/hfh1zb,7xjzbs/g;yi?lzmi?7wendstreamendobj100  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  153/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  101  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  59streamxomendstreamendobj101  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  153/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  526streamxmo0jx3b08opdme?1a8z1onw9.jvptgia7byktxdoq7s?kpfd:;kg;  oey;k8y2wipiymyejjae1xvactbpg9h8aobs1qxi  y21x:kkrsp,yfbj8lvhjl1x:;jz,xcjzendstreamendobj102  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  103  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj103  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  330streamxjpfztc,zgqy5zduksockzfydiehwr4or9mjdc2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  ac  v  v  ygohfqjx9zf9omc7fu3z:endstreamendobj104  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  138/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  105  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  56streamx1omgendstreamendobj105  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  138/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0
__label__interactivedisplays 0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  482streamx  amohfzegcboh3n9,colel1v:lksue2qfy,1imm  covoxcm;3tyd3idg1:mzkmtmddjhma6al3a79sgxh.upvgqsdljojr41w?m4tu0ti3qkccegpk2aellwmfueendstreamendobj106  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  107  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj107  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  324streamxjpea4jbmdoy;4mnznk.zhwtza2c2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  akddmded5zbsoryrowz36y:jdm6;j1endstreamendobj108  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  240/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  109  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  80streamxomendstreamendobj109  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  240/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1073streamx:d  d5tgqn8dhdh//usrdp7gypv.pxoo1wxeanbkvfuk2tyc7ykpw9x2t5e?ojb,xxlzzoryviovixqoa:zxoiyu4sfy2yovqznb;yjyy/xgljrw0vpqownqv3vxugxe.rybgyobczcxyfljy/?hkdsvgcf?puoyvvi  qkw51pxct5,uitsz0/5ompffzp?glumlhr.pb8,qn/dxl8rm4rmmgyvdunho4uau3vterf:v;ykc09vapfytp1cmov;clptss4izhimc55cml?s/snko/tfk3dhdhdhdq5tendstreamendobj110  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  111  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj111  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  322streamxjp4jmp?halgu0iv9xuzrk3?3jikc4sw9y3n,c2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2  5za26za2qrd9zfzg1kxzn4swyckf  endstreamendobj112  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  195/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  113  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  68streamx  nhebendstreamendobj113
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  195/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  999streamxx0rwrrh  xwm?nfx2u91w?fope?1amktrh,1y3lxyxjs1.8  ncxqeenrpmnjlsjfwx,:hl.9lopjgych1qjogfbbsgbxnzzfcasei./:amt5  3nm7dzlxwh/:y.lt7ntae3vxic2dusb6l.ycvvmdmuvblmcls54kbsbsig5mqu,s8.kvu1x  ldrjgux  s;qxasd8rguhcgyqh;opvx  77kyubyo,/;5k4oa5kcggh/;1mj5ubdhfxqz4kuu,  eendstreamendobj114  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  115  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj115  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  325streamxjefzfywhbevgaxustrgicht,sz  za2  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0h3e/hbvibnu1vw5i.im,oendstreamendobj116  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  184/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  117  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  67streamx1om/endstreamendobj117  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  184/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  955streamxk02:x3o4ibx,bx,kwp7/sv?4t/jw7ds9hwu1dzf/j2tc;hinsfulf:jbz7/fmswubyo5ikacgsjopk4hptxj4q;jgcbqoi3jivgjjv1scpft9:t7:spovqsiqm;wntmi9ve/tmvvgqisgm8bxkuuojsqfjpvyafs,/h.c9nvz0ca,;ti8,cj  m8bloqzqk:  mfdzgmapwvm.ma.o;d;:;q:,5z1,wtyxn0mvwaroh1x,bx,bmendstreamendobj118  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  119  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj119  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  324streamxjf/fmoqg/r.nu78il/gkwe0l  a8e/hf2c0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  ald6za2:za22fohe.k;g1?,:0lklh7mcendstreamendobj120  0
__label__interactivedisplays obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  149/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  121  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  58streamx1oo.endstreamendobj121  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  149/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  453streamxr0cdli8dxefsjnh6dy3iurbdgd  2,w9wmuq0qjumzqjgbrifqjzjbo/gtkbinercyin5x20k7bkunj?fw6rojinb:kyxyjmgrzer5qkynv:wq76vw9wendstreamendobj122  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  123  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  87streamx  nhendstreamendobj123  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  305/height  73/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  325streamxjaf6f7fx0tnri8/;s:zkm4kl.yjic2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  a2d0  alf/hf5lsrr2fhdehcihgy0l?rendstreamendobj124  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  184/height  82/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  125  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  67streamx1om/endstreamendobj125  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  184/height  82/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  681streamx  f.3q8sxsu  u4oqbnm2fs9fz7zwzsj6qongo2o3;gnocgh..mvdy1972dcm3byxutzy1ceal1/4orq:o79u.dcuydetgpoaho1xc2zx/agdcow:.a7;/yw0xdbfsfgf6u1,zucwh.asobw.as6tywvz,lfvnj5o7czrzwfwxj;jrchw3pjgaaaaa/8endstreamendobj126  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  127  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj127  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  239streamxape2llx6ely0d;ywm:n  lk9lb,gdrd  xq5lkbxmueendstreamendobj128  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  131/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate
__label__interactivedisplays false/smask  129  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  50streamxsulendstreamendobj129  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  131/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  459streamxc0t2xzc?mn3krbaae  r:xwn1b,us6vuo2kdrkepfgm,/0ymf/ca/bwbyuwkdo4vwpzhcdjxb  kbzxuuzxefumshzbpahotdvpjritbkcbwqw  rixyp  ot?2cq70:dj2cpie0/  nyendstreamendobj130  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  131  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamx  nhpaendstreamendobj131  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  237streamxk0ebzgz70ocnfut4zshhy,b7ra0z  h7lg?jl?gqoc2?fwok.2endstreamendobj132  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  141/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  133  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  52streamx1om/nuqendstreamendobj133  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  141/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  644streamx0  j/z?b:uhhx,bxr/mzgqzrj4y8lauioi9m57p;9wr4it4le3hyi8cfxroj0sck/wslmtdinjjeaoxixw0r?8yyxmnaep2prp?my4:xk1xk90r4v4v,jdl5nskfchwgryiybtc1d0gt;ugvvvqesnwf9xwfc,3,i00tco:ma.10xrvhts4r?w4l,bx,bx  endstreamendobj134  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  135  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj135  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  235streamxkyjec7gcovhykzd  g  kqk7z/f  sm  j  enxoagd3d  4l/wyendstreamendobj136  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  167/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask
__label__interactivedisplays 137  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  57streamxomendstreamendobj137  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  167/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  853streamx  k6j533v6fqzt9pxkvzfdnuybw1txz/9/wffu2hkrcbf  fxedppuaf1y6glvaxl0ngad.pt5s24dvsyl11nq8ab/mey1pu  /ujzda2zeawwk8j3o0fnpr3,5hcp4nzcbctl.ff/qjsbb1fg8b5/yu30,4hgd.3akzapsgl59mczxinoaw?f4qvwxnszvwuh9b:ditcprk;84apyr52zeyyyyyyyyyyyendstreamendobj138  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  139  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj139  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  237streamxkpeia11tofuv;c6xzida05z  vb,:49y2jsjpgendstreamendobj140  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  177/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  141  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  59streamxsu1eendstreamendobj141  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  177/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  845streamx0ezba7f:tkyhdhi5w6/2nj9qfv,8ndvym2,qty/xyl85xx0amp.pwx8a5cqr?m4ey  /8jj2j,og2ymgyphdhoqxgjbazs.vjd0kjv3hy:lge7/aylj.wqu.agr5psl38yimzsxyrhhuo5hic3usg853bsr54n.h,0vhodq;q:jh3:pwyohqivz5.xppx;kh/rw?ckjnuy;  h6ga1mj,ycp:odhdhuendstreamendobj142  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  143  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj143  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  237streamxqe2tlryqgdw;yd  a0a0aa0u  enygref1wmuwy1vendstreamendobj144  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  178/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  145  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  59streamx  nhendstreamendobj145  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  178/height
__label__interactivedisplays 71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  695streamx  zlcv53zifndpbpjz3l,ma,?gckzafit,sxo3wyvb.z2j1dcq:  x4fj79vfs7cpsbgj,fbqasia96jbyhmn,wbwz:l;4:sm8hvjmddmq20qloyzlc2xnmj4e0a?jxxy12:w8um9y69vvrlxebc  p24h:/uhawpclgayczemlvbpbyendstreamendobj146  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  147  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamx  nhpaendstreamendobj147  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  236streamxecatefsf1/lexo;4xpfu  claaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadx/ty/px/fmm7ryh7gq/ucjg6mendstreamendobj148  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  190/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  149  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamxomendstreamendobj149  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  190/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  940streamxw:eqiwfpnp8  .8a,czp8;wvyut8rxggztgb/zili/g3tejieylrtl;pm0tpelbt2niw6sigssuj  tm0wlehlfa.q3zgzlhdmzo0zezuplfngfuc?e;kspclai5itmlsg1cfvkm  xhv1ia8cv0yqyoir  9wxdozsg3n.f.4nae?xagurw77jppyj:n7jy2i5m,myaoikenh3zudk3ychum:lr9zsktuukeu9yflgxowozinvtydkmoc  cxuqendstreamendobj150  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  151  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamx  nhpaendstreamendobj151  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  231streamxaegixjep5eo8doio.k3zoe4,ja0aa0a0m  jkfc?kk;i1endstreamendobj152  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  142/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  153  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  52streamx1omovendstreamendobj153  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  142/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0
__label__interactivedisplays /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  749streamxk0klqftzaj0v4qwir5d7mhf8,ujgvfqo/61;fujz3rk,30ltxeysayp4ihh4:iglhcr3  7ga78mz/8:o  zqcnc:pgyv  vs8p76r:ncig?t4fzfq159oaj  mbuxyhml1mksfwali4:4pthy8fz4u25gt  wknu75vf2lvaiud:su36.we0cpllcseumendstreamendobj154  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  155  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamx  nhpaendstreamendobj155  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  51/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  237streamxmpeacz60/a..n5?dgcx7r7xoz/sd  y/yy/f8sywsdkfx20lyg?yq,endstreamendobj156  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  152/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  157  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  54streamx1omxxendstreamendobj157  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  152/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  542streamx0vrdq;c/f3amkkn;gaah:eip/wufoz7ijgc,o607a?nv1skj?euimkjdxj86uzeyh/jc8m9pvb;;ezmun5?u/ojbgjr:insiac8r.yzolb6qm0m/ywc//246gw/bm7hly.nbce4u5poaaaendstreamendobj158  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  159  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj159  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  233streamxke  5tgovsc6vs4odl/tgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasb,bjye:at2pendstreamendobj160  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  180/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  161  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  60streamx1omendstreamendobj161  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  180/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  643streamx  ao5iiwufp1  usnuhu3syfrqynr7aeazegzv1:w2dt2qlsfp2mz9ygcb  9f:6gu1t:kay9:osvwey2gejt:;:,05/qmyux9mbcmqy3nks1no,y,9owv3gassg0tg,g8xqnsuacnl9n3hqnxyj6.y;0a,o1olxnr0r  endstreamendobj162
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  163  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj163  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  233streamxqp0lvpq2vw8j;lj,zn  d  ks;x/b,bgrct3frrs9uaendstreamendobj164  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  199/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  165  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1omonendstreamendobj165  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  199/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  917streamxio0  ozgzv18pbpajqrzyz?7cj9meqm0qfc0:ic9y7;cft:;porvea6lsxgaoullr5fjf;cwjq:uic1jxl7x.zq084kujgwp0jk7vflpf/1m931ffq0:nc1do9tq33yukbc,vkm0bfp9p2oftx/sw8cuqi0aw  0gps,bw?bxufcnbilcvpctztf5wclushqqqd1h2rjzack  9  zi?tqkkucyq3?skjeqoizzenabbpbpbpjendstreamendobj166  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  167  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  64streamx1ooxendstreamendobj167  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  273/height  52/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  233streamxqpbicdbz60?wl;jk6;?e  cnvjgtsk,dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddda0rx4c43hl2seendstreamendobj168  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  189/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  169  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  61streamx1ocnaendstreamendobj169  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  189/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  732streamx  zmizkqa6y02fhdhaqjcvcorzbm,iv0/  6vz/t796w7zuojh/n:gs1p8/0hrk6wuadpc4vucumgs7.7coeqqe;n:yt.ps.84k24.sxrlx9t5rwk4t;6frrzv?rrkbamqpfnrimzu6py7f6maxkzmgxdoq.6fylvci9zgxnncseipon6k3hdhdh/endstreamendobj170  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  171
__label__interactivedisplays 0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  58streamxom7endstreamendobj171  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  775streamx0lxyiwvanutw7lq5nlk3o;9zgnsd/s?nl3l98ssh1uqnn:l3zqz9qvimjnf0cxcdlfsfht8l5;r5icxap5l.2;ck4e3.y8y?u:5jn?dlnqdd:vyrzfe9gogir?1;clnnvgo3i;2xpr  :3g8q;jnk1djsu.qxjpq:3qg3.orj44pjm1  79cyxpkvgvcow5evg3oqaqmo,77.endstreamendobj172  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  126/height  497/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  173  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  205streamxsuendstreamendobj173  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  126/height  497/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1868streamxniaz486tr8qyj?svjxokzourv/jrkrwjtzr?k/mvk?rub.;:2..g..gtnl6/2/:yiyi1959of8awuo:uw:wu:zug:xwcuo:vcuw:twu:r:ph:np:lo6lj7tmtntogthijoklomno7ldaq1aa1qaqnnabttoozcwtgf:7n9vqpnj7tvmomzcn7jm:33:5sw:7s:9:;:g:?  kgk7l?.kk.ll.mm.ngty.oaksozi5wuzusewxwe0tn:sdreqtozimnzxrjuyofzk8pqn,:.pwuyu?ekvipo.rce?jbmow/tr.07swkx:1:/m:m::::eec0xnwxxwxxwxxwxkup1qaaq1aq9iytzozgzzz81z4gaz0qz,azqzgz  ?xgxxxxgxnxnxnxngxnxyp2xngxxxxgxxxxwxxkj/2/:b/;jr/wzb/7j9?x4b/?kf/ej2nb5pujp17jendstreamendobj174  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  82/height  217/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  175  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  74streamx  nhendstreamendobj175  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  82/height  217/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1068streamx09dnmwgw?o/t:sqq/vyjd0obgqcb1mxfejz  bewvdqebokiuq  fzo3/vhmkvmkrurjwe,/;i3l5v1gulbvxdhxjyfq3eahl  iownxwvkgneml5gtpas?l12ghhgipcz2fcfjnt6vakf8weauhpflrdin7ufj9yrkwoj3uwaxly1advck2xllcdh9rjp9herpexuszlaicdpmtzb3c:uropw4?fcqf,impggsdo1mxhgfw,gexu2.xhw8zrdqbebqcnfmhghtwermv:puvdbogm,ov;wftfz.dhd/aqwdi99999999endstreamendobj176  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  126/height  497/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  177  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  205streamxsuendstreamendobj177  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  126/height  497/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1896streamxjcganjh1q:5uqg?tnmomww?tonw7f7ty/6k7420g.,kgkgu?un:;g/trbtnj/ujrufzgtbgtdtzhtvlgurpf9pqsaq9iyiy:k:,k::c:c:::  ;z?z;wz77hpmu;  k0k8hoxxgxxxxgxxxxgxxxgxxxxgl?xnwx?xxwxxxxwxxz1?x?yx7dd?uwoov5kq?ynd/vhnlpgs?g?8spgp7oornj?j?;kk6tl,r2prnmqlj/hhfhbyr;odl2yb4wfsx6unesn8s3d:q,:o0m,nitfqoeogo1aojh/:xoesx3hxobxptoooro/c:p/b:nj:l/r:jz:h/b:fcj:d/cr:bz:ofznzzizz37z7wz;;z?:  ::c:c:k:k:,nhz:0:2c:4c:6:8s::s:3::3:s:oz:c:c::/:13:3s:5sw:7:9g3oo0uvuewouittmlotqduuxwuypthtaouevwotif?hgvtq7luu.ovw?uki77usn:;ooendstreamendobj178  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  82/height  197/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  179  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  69streamxominendstreamendobj179  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width
__label__interactivedisplays 82/height  197/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  955streamxr0d,?dxk6glyffq  wnm8;10ingcpekg5?wp9trtb0o7  xifro1qqdn37;nhwykw9snqspa.b6gvfqlgjbqljs8eqiatvkdvstz,2i.8q1zlrrbp,eehy5j58;0p;kwlqidqk  8frq,fv  j4qf  a  boa:ch?el6ex87i4bxseqilrmw8qgwlx  nfvxeo3gtnj2sg?1dufen919l9kc0:o:jxighjhjq0j?enssjjwdh;n?v8xhu.l3nvg.q  endstreamendobj180  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  44/height  44/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  181  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  28streamx1omoendstreamendobj181  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  44/height  44/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  286streamxr  q28  rz.yrrxwxxt.4k:  2dtsj4mqwci;qeqlyfcjrrrmpqkglcnjh.iivofyjdpb;vxyiyoozkujij?aendstreamendobj182  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  222/height  221/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  183  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  165streamx1omi?endstreamendobj183  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  222/height  221/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1628streamx0yt2xmiymv0qxqgxuzly24bw9ehear8?jpzomzve7cmocmfjvsfumygy0n1n44;;lormpmn:,2qrwyvp6qhhz334dj6yifbaf3wcb3ne2/.;,3jjk  zat.byrhy8xebrgf6swnwjwmcu98:2c9omj7:r?rawr9xe.agiofmbbtxpvvvs1cnm.r3bgajvh2a7?cpbr:iidtyhqjjvwyr2bxdo:htohiogftcprxhghmjao4zv0hmd7x6eo4wncucfjw.jxshqyx2cdmnvxhtpgicoy  xhwcg9bxha96bp0def7mhceltbopchvdhcqzc  .;.ro6votc.rse1xgwpxvrxu2gu0zlequgqnm;.gegiwepqk06icwutibzvuxdisglwpngevl1oe/7zwwquvecendstreamendobj184  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  166/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  185  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  57streamx1oiendstreamendobj185  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  166/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  782streamx0aee:mkmx,bx,npif/xsm10x3:nbif8?cinm7girfvjah3ob;lprudomuicw/juhbepwlcwvpppszjf7.q412sde6eyahy4rb.;2gdypymc  5qjm4plwlhxnhg7fjdzq;sgjrf2rbamgtcqbt2zlw11tijxzcojqzwkrusuh7yoixnd:qivk:gjgsxjaz3jwe  oho/xfbz;bx,bx,zendstreamendobj186  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  222/height  221/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  187  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  165streamx1omi?endstreamendobj187  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width
__label__interactivedisplays 222/height  221/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1631streamxk02rxnm;izibyokx:y6cwreq,hgyyjp?otehbay:j1hddjmnxsktm6oph;54qjzjhelksxtvdjix.oirtq:bkzr,r1z0byms;cbhx,faexyy,ziuc,b8qbjdb/6vct.j8csi99ft6k2onmbnxcx6g98kdee1q;gucsebhdg6t,:obbf:9h.:.fma98bcm,e:7.cjygax/hla1b1,fstlkjmnunvownfxhtvbmjphfyvgk4ht.wixfamvkhvwjf5lemsgtqc9fru:kkeusbg:wxqylzezxf;bg.m?xn76hhwahmz.5w6g8:zgycop8ou7:vhn.alsl2rjwxxsb;yxd3yrrk  l5zawlzath  n4l2x55k5v7sek0r,dy8ykbbmf8yvjn,fg333x,xfr5bo9xk1b,qyegexy6.,ubtlz4ok:snukylor/v1hhnzhk/f  02rq,ns.svihf4bz29?rendstreamendobj188  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  143/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  189  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  52streamx1omvendstreamendobj189  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  143/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  502streamxk0;hfa1,:000k9dujiogb/opjh/wl1wg.kt2whztme9axmmlejkp2r:kispompgieu2;apgg:czt5wapzl3go;.twdg:sud:i?4ouujnh;lk/tmvittj/w:rsso,u:/nnfbyqwk09.waaaa.eendstreamendobj190  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  492/height  487/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  191  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  719streamxsu7rendstreamendobj191  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  492/height  487/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  3823streamxy:apbrgcivvbl2zyed.9,kfdt9o:wa9/9holo5xfi  o3c03skg.qaurm;eaavnqz2klo7evrhjovx0gvq7ux2cequ3b53f:2i:swm3,1hsmn3m9,jfk;omipffxv?9.q4hsgdc,x,kwys?mbt1ngs6studfc.6gp.juwg.svrzmk86nif.5xng.epzsipvhui  thso6wtf5jl7nuqsgb:lfvjvkqkgkdmasb1rqvlp85njix6x5p0bysf,jelyulnbi8z,qttbcjnofffmbcmgkq:v2yozpn3gtdk1en1  sb9af8sun?ea;qsurqlbzwj63gbv6hfqktly;yttxfildqlly6jzvpk,wqwulvz8zotsiiubempaj2bdf5xgzcypezdrslrokzcvyyzepjgm.gpbj6wjdgjs86syqftyaityuz6xthtgjt98ynzkasj9mf.mjtjspb:i0thuk  u9,a/u810l?c:knfnj8rn8csx0zt  il71t.0eg0:dsqyco8h7ya80yia  p94d?w0ric2h8f8af/ksgsx0q8xu/0cei10app8gilyy3bzvksq2kpiwy/w0xy6kzi3onic/k;ez/y385k.ys9ewqguwfysmzk6xlw5kfhfmzywvuokr5yyfy32qey9g33npg?oixg,hipqf.9/gkhyp,xd:qtg19x:?g1:mxfkfgx72;/iegkxfg3yi6g.5ujud:bybjz:yc;jyvrikl5y3xvlu48gyyytheripxe/2tb/chxw53vseqg.s2znusjzf8r3oyujpos5oxwtph5igtlkxiinq5lpp  fxjwmf2ih.4531q:e.nc0.r12hptfj2qrc6k5bbctk0ixaklilfbe/l5umeu4x5rt1w8mo3semdwozik6quijnhbffnoscs:jprvt0jfvn6slpjsj2nook4jimhgdetjl:1pd8,zqvw/zidw5wiity5opox2tm;:itkc6twzvtaobo,/nwatfkfkjzamvwlfctcrl1y?4a0ism16q2r0x4dti2oazi2jendstreamendobj192  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  483/height  187/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  193  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  285streamx1om2endstreamendobj193  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  483/height  187/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2678streamx:upkslmuuaqy:bbbbbbbbbbbb.e.kaawf.y;9to7nca:8mxortqvppzcwfmi5lf.mgyq/vqkpq5j/u8.vdf.nos7vyugqj4kivyysenatdpbvdv3sacvayvqyuqsqrykjvzuxiy?hxrlkw;kwxjpbsth7fs12cqxi6m1miojk69olq?hclscjhe7kyfuxijz9yheh71r7hc3j/4m5,aa/aioskby5g9g1tnwiipxpxopos:jkq51nvmjkbbwzjt6lnie0eso9t1fvjzbdbwdnkqiknjl6z.jzugbxnx8rqe5djr.yb;pfjakfk,e3yuhpexkyxuilzesn8;68lmz;:vnk5jurnkwku8  mt0yoqgzksxyqsdon/ymb;.zzzrjsk  xb3wwr184hiwquilvzlbfkas9amzxbhou1z,tzznxkrrut90edf?:8kdydon:p;8zfp1lomteotljf.,kgvd1txo5wbqdwejs3u93rkaoengv60nj,vmikguba  8xzdonzk  aqowuag4as.lzuh,osz  gxxxoaji,hbbqsfubhnz2lf7pqvagmw;dvcdonykm4ma  nhqafe  tj9hb;n9k  g6w:3wudu/78qsbfnejny67l3u82qwhxmh57tbfegq;,n6/p:s525bfwyc?hdi959qnb71:vrufnrkbfz1z.qdqhaud:bkk07ci/irgpwsrg/bzhueq.rrum6dhbbbbbbbbbbbbbg0endstreamendobj194  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  222/height  221/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  195  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  165streamx1omi?endstreamendobj195
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  222/height  221/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1626streamx0eevagywjy2wipuj.4sivg2dxenymvkn5:zi76uctsrelhvqdioeuimd9sh.fgdvpvm?m:w6seuvuffci/l5gg46vcpzl2qh5uyzfea6wfqeyghlvlmcnj4yxxblvu.nzv7?yelk?x2jla:l:x:h:x95q6mvdd60rgyobarynyu9,upupgueymritzheyt:wgqzdjrdzz.h:y:xucy;h;hyum.tzv5zm6htla2bbx:ht:.phhhh;grpliwbu:htym  wwhxaz68evkqy  t5hgg.iegkbozvkkmq3hghktxhdlh7o7hlqndk/p:v8xmr.6om1yj8sqqwgyph8uqd,:od;rsnhhja.tyrk:vbo0bo8boboidt3hiyccqby57n5kh8?b?w0ywpfimydevphbpnno9v1vkg6l07s0r?;k?tviqcjujsrrdboj0ehqoayqiaqkendstreamendobj196  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  145/height  71/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  197  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  53streamxom7kxendstreamendobj197  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  145/height  71/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  660streamx0da:gdff/ns;hdhxra3vpwzsoqkrf,ptg1jgpaf,ndptog5qq:b8xdmcsd03zvew7bpy0glonxumraes9c,d6ubz/lm.uk/jmff2vjpuh7.m07kokunbb4nmrvu,4vjscwuq  :g7/iosxzlajq6co/ye3iuwptl:yk8eavfxdhdhcendstreamendobj198  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  245/height  347/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  5526streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?a5628mgk8wztn1doyno4gw8;cfuoywbazreqi,itiqgr.r1zlphfvu;5q6onelerklprx4pzgsbqsepepepepepepepwb09svsffvrh:p1kj.fre:,otejlrdedpfmvge  repepepepepkjsx9ehrbpf1fseepiiju6751vt.yynsgvfnh?qeqeqeqeqhzpntm0h4ii.9dmlgjiqn,gzrihi3dhhkxzep340io4u4uj:qn45insm4gjeu  2hhc/wiqd4fv4hgzplndl5ggzcuoqhspgqvupwnji1t/hdty:svu?:ckefxupg2:5::iacup4ssqqrp  hrqrza1r5b4aeuqdb20edn;/zpm4wzfeazvleqiq3rcunuf9e2  owr:u6prwh4pudegcx4r1mm4?ii0/7jf  ?/vjy44fq?jdjhegt5  udoxhwkeqeqeqeqeqeqecflpoa;rw11shridmq4ujhf4lq8ptx0z8.p3shih:sdc:psjhlbikiirqtrj;qudn1qs9h10btqqqqqqqq/tvoqtwtj8z8i8qxvjew6m1v4mj5;y4d5d5rvypreqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqecp3jczrsh:tkr/jhr?/amo1e;r4pvo9q.cms,ushjyc5qycucgy88xbon:puysvzyoz4ug/f6?4n:zjazhlzh2ij2uxehvv  w0gxz?1bw0ev  uiylhzie6q8ztocttyuqpnetf:pqmihquygyfb9njriwwip5uj7puqqqqqqqqq2hhxdzhhzysgluhhmilnb?c5tigjkhmbis1dl  aewog64qd2,n19qhajwi0wq,xbkobo3zbo2yzx.grj  qeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqexi  pi,nh5lvpjforra0:ib4vtqmz6k.lsq5vz/c/8wgddxuywj7,t76y6ki  ?zh5igmek1ggzmgnxv  esieny/zjhlk7l8x6q5hivbpepqqqqqqqqqwr6b68?6y5um5oglp?u0ge89zxy?cs4kh8;?xi:snq5oh2:4qfolcpeh31vidc  leudosmh23dfhkbqoqoo;i9rasjgx6bswnn?6/;fc8ngzqtepepepepepepepepephzz;pjsq.30gpev4sjz2k0p0yim?znzqx:ws;uf:4w3uxsts9fnegpjy1zoye2dqievvu?c5czqz,egkoyjd6sixeknqdrzxvyj7ed39tfruvtqe0k7;1e:ui.27hiqzwpcxep  e;mlujb?fos1r?t2a6eu4lzgroxs  ttim46b9v0e9qnc3vpcmwueyt9ldgw?:n;7?69g,kv.qknjsendstreamendobj199  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  308/height  293/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  6660streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222241aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?h?ckznzrdt5jwglneymcvp4vx:v?omoj  zjvsx21ij3d7istxz;xfhmkkg;okam,vrubyokfszx0exjttq6ggzjtt4de3hgn?bdyoxxnvcxngf?jcl4xuerykmosumrg13jaio?t  zs1zcx?b.5wf  .gkndcqhml,lcm0fisjfpmqhrqjpf5al4miif0cfmbfp:n7  ?z?k339ivfcf7g5gjbx7p6.5716:g.uli  mbam4mocq  f5j3o44n4lpm04m6pmqyd2wda.aoxcfsx;m?drqqqqqsqlthz1x;g7wy/xw,jjim7u7u4i4hmv44kj644iywro:2ryj0cvp;vrfj5l5d4i2h1hinhgcl4de0hz44siep1pfcmhmwe.wt9sjuavmemjlfepepepepyoz?i2zdpcrlhzzzzzzm4iqj2iimezzy0iio;yhrhr;r:0jhmbm.  dl3amgk  sgesdhjirtr?rupvpkftlwr9szr:qej;u4vpnpr7rnni4ihm54mjavvgcv2o;ixq;t9wz?:f.cu1cwaze2;au0n5omwqz6itxwpx621hqgm4ovnjpf,ixwep1vuiairoqeqlxsx58y?zinv8qfkcwnop.a?orwsws7rf4fihm34li430q8m8x0/zb;,3ppz7/uvvnbwjcy;m4qtxizbxazioknqmktz4pc4re8u4mdpqoecfj:vcprsq45h/  ?/v/eqeqeqewjm5o5cefolssi3lilsm?43a4ii4xr/waclazwvncxnfuw3xoxtah7g6f8zhm8mtgt7lktgimgq2di.gf6rhshbrq5k5kku3p6n52jrsd:1fqljzjnqv,t6igzpepepepo.kyo;om/084i4fmm;4sfhii3nh4rq74f4f3qo,exaw?srz8aah?xcliegywcu1n?aovb4jdoip  m/foqp594vi3mh34fmrf4ffwhniece4rqqmki4?y0,a8ss,kmiqeqeqeqeqey?7v9xepeqbu9blz4ffhqy1rpxt?zwhwccrc98,:w8  gpolj4ei?viw5k8mr8  guzgvph8qulwuedtepe?licsrmydcvyrhqqwclqepepepepepwxofb2zzv4mj4p1i  wkgsjkoj:zmu3ie.i3efktqtucmhtckypsa,f5ocevso,ry4rp9p2;xy7gnkoz6?  qzw,8p0j4t4v2qy1t5epepepepepepwc:wkluegi.tmlifvvxu0e8f/g:4hlga?6k4y.ung09k6?v2pu6;gghz2vboqzyu?v9gyjqrp/ricqgsx4iyylrqfs,7i?5iqya:5hvyrsog,q,0v8jro.zug59siv,8gotuj.:2juw3bewcx2e9gmivxhof?o0wak  lxgv1nh/bzrngtqluh1kkfs7qifnisikjmiejvchh:qekqqqqqqqqqexsvhrb0hojj1jicf3dikr2phqjhxxscvzthjkfvgj  vp0h6uefkeh?endstreamendobj200  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  291/height  225/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  8631streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?nxxmederw;h8sslchwdtpiyduayeta  omj0rkghb  8??jkowk4gsmchoxwljr.6b?kzqd  zhvefcqx5zgt5jqlqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqmf:wcuuai?suntsmhnhwggywo;ats4zpcgqpmbw9n7xgxmnwv.budcgoofqd:uwmiohk1mak  ssj:z2d;,db,pfck/.45m1eybafgyd666;p9vkemzjk;4mpy.9d?g5mje4xwys9lti6zu4zm:e1ekt7hmgmli;im2hta  wq?c,l5n/6qukssmltsjixhazofwz??c,nuxuifpvfjjqqqvil,doswnifrevs  pujiylcs,yjhr3wwo:oo9b6.davvrwfyr0qhhoozphphwbpq80hetaujupagk42y?mra7svwwvka3qk:jzj52rbj/jt
__label__interactivedisplays xn;2sm0aoo8wzdxokceleyl6fq5c7ocxicw  xwwvosaw;/fkjqelqeqefzzfte5undc44?tdg?sk6n5igndxhycwkiss8t9xipodnsr3fxwe8rpgpmhj0izuafsrrqpw0jji2p,j8;.4kysqzoaojvzbwloz6z7eoozrknpewjgfja.xcp4?g39hs8goanjtdwgcbrdogddqeial4k0omn06d60w2fqi?8yv8wdqaxnjducjm08?wvwdnyiloha  e.gz5  twvchwzgcqnfqsiha,ntx:2inqyg5hm.i2qtkhpzct5i  pg6kajrhh:hpju5smvcnrgvyn,isham8utk1;n48u/8jie;?f0ih6wf9kq2r0wszdr3uvi4hbb97ii8h;kn,n1s,;.mhhnj5un3nbpe5g:br7h.jkfu6k6u.xvh8hdamn9?eq?clv.jmxlpkc:pnqopjlsm5yctyua7sjz55omt/3ejdq3i7xcn  m2k3n:xumyzxgejwyqeqe6crv  1usxxvswurwjwrvka?8kq.xvrqwzdw/xbolkgq973ie8fxsyuolft4/0  yr5qprzg?jqon;tm  yu8?:3,r6ur?45zhdo26dln.lcvog3k/zc?g5o:a:rsj10pip5pip40stekxdh6exy5dskh5yo64m3jpzrucfrzce?kf2fv?ewc/xfhnz15hrz:ok45rkz1coazpbzr9.n.tqnyj:ysskl399dzong41tspygsfkt;pa33qpgj5xpdw;e9tqfre63,mo9ri0hccnxvqpeyy44mhji,lmzrvghr3zulukuh;jco.mwyxf  72e01,:2mhtbfmbso3pj9vixfhbgtwugnyrokpkkctdi3hme,szaig8/xojbfp6y.  tvpvgbcytawkqn8dbw9yz1.zwtpxvr39vc5pvkzmxsrk6fzzxfksuqeqeyeoxj2ar/kxjxxtkgn?prkflifn?jzq9g8:gsyuje0nltizo.njluwta,kkoctj00swrrigwh0npxllvoyomckuxkboavgx1;ajn9b;0o?y.weeuv3rvtblpjhkxepf5,hbwcs/mavb?k0vi.ln6j?5kv2x2wwminkk9narvax5fmkfjiq5xx9q/.ui9qeqeqaexncexnet2lgqmchav.y7oz/z7zcjrsuhethcier1fhk  rbrx:585ebxmwolwkl3?4uesqq2  k:4oou?geyxt2wgjzl09/6icb9lug1/jkh2cju,0we29i;crlsm3nyk3,qw.lcln4waq:rr7p9i,oozjtdt5qud8  nemo9xf.azihzecufg9t.48??x8axvm74ro;9aq1nj5onq,1jrfjqlmdmgvlmem6kgxgpwy60un3vadauqecqlzalgxdj4zfyxz2mhcak;hzwktk?my,o1fumsr,brycegtdlgzpiq/uwi5szrjtl,xmiqguzi3mgdt:r0;kv9ai0??jitatjtccg8  kmdqtc5lbmo91i748rf4nhfim4ut:t/lrrr1ewmyf?qs?hlaooinlvv4t96raqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqetwdb9p,n78fzqbngerlxhf  lri  yq9?cjjue,zx8umjqz.6q;am  gj,  ja8zgqcnvufwqj1h/f7w?endstreamendobj201  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  223/height  226/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  7787streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?mgnul5mxxbyorctyr,w?vzd?wnps?u.cureem?bocss5zk5nytjqlcgnuxmih4gro1k5ratt?efj4:ta  gwjbph9dwgvv2;qejpduyfckwuw  uagocr;ckh.hlkkukimszouolmwul,ckuuzok5u/c97zmqjokeuxniurkemhc4ofxmbnza94bjprqwkbkqvwuwlj3q,3lqzmoiihv.qqzni2qlit  d/iy,iqk/fmxqr0w3ovp90ezuxwix5?ijv,hueom1ucxw/x:odq?ifo7hesq  notwqrty1ujujttott.oq??ij;o4ewz,3lxzyztwok.vazvjoolh:zt4qe  cx?0ez?h6ejiol?c;2elk:qlpu2iqcen6w  9orkz?yidharp:q2pl/?u/7zegc5z,x9dgbbizb8onucumemldbuwtrfkg6npu9ndwyxqutfnzkouqmxaerrpfnzndvlktfbov4zwimyu4nsf5.vk6bb.guezpkmmr34?z51kmv.qr5kxeugoz?e4iwbvirkdyshtmba  bbblvjc2yq4ox/3ix2p9rty2us6f?nbfkogp7lfujfqe??q2uybwo/hzkqi3:x/7;udj/hon5oen73yqoz5qdjxgk,koftsou9ynfab.b9n:?cyrkhoe4to7ww?zktu7qv,v7gyw6rvxxw98i88jquvhcte?tgyq?i,wdnza/gge,sie46v7ct?a0rmslocvzd?5ttt5?tu?,br0.kerqe  6mtooaqdzm7rvn?asec7,q  zu:vzjpkj1s  g;nmwoomrohzhsrf??1zici0qkvo,crjdxvrmmyzvxfmexi8bkrw7,rhywgpqy5o2:mthvc2f?q4wvkip.ep9p2pwic/,o?ww1i,k7kl8cquuvr4o6gshb77euguoof4o6dc?tqeh/embuq:dvm  nrf??cc6cs.l;jyotkkpqnkr,hihobmjvkirduuwj6:3zw??s8bipto/yq1qoajfkpnv593ikuvo8iemo:wmzg2tjilxym9glp6vx8  g15yme69slzshks?y4wqa?mw/e1febq?xzqewj0x1uecf,prxzzhl7y?5,oxew?  ki8f?oowz;qwzgk63cj;zmjqe5/m/yz/kywb:4oxvurs:sywna1kiewgua?w:vzio/f;nd9lvigx8n7itgmgz?6jztofitrjdlnvobao8uqqztwcvz2cauv;7m/bvv3j.2mpzuxovuqzqqi5kuj2rt,?;mv  yicag5tr/hrzfivvi?jauuua2/ykl;puddpqw62mnkpi:yyx83fg3ueezlpo4qrqbzgjkx?ifs/rhheox6wvzlv?grokjogvpfqeqeqevgurfdmowwqvvzdez:/z6gwj5/  udm113xd8w6xhf8mornoiuji??ufr;z:k/yc2l51ojhiwufmw  miwqozqkn88?jpo;f8zqhaepepepepepep73hfgptoc2dlry5;w,/xuukmp  3vg,mfkm  jx?x?xasrk7,?jma9hmxyuhwwixklrn43xtisz2ixeorerqeqeqeqeqeqeqeryx6,r/dorwvkteu?jq9mjvkm6ea?ayzzbrepqfm.e1f47pyr7jkjuqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqepepependstreamendobj202  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  303/height  166/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  8419streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222/1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?uxuolz,mrt6925ws?asequyko749ujd20pcitm2ajtqcu;fmca  5g,n9gosvjrghj1bxzo  cidzczlvgdawnielokncoh5uitotv;htxveu2c,vszxfx68gfb60  1:ca2ln:8ndks,ozj3er8tvxfvffsqz;ue/y?4regaxs6e53,6xvk7:z2?imaqsz/w7cwktksmd4v8/xgeth93zobjwj;aqaepbfkhb3vqc,akyv:asnfvgqeqeqeqeweku:m6;,9io.htwxolgeqjchrrwwaxziwpdiizqfr4uoeqeqeqeqeqeqee:y5?y?wkxvoq/ani?c7bnzw4;vgt;ko?mdo?dv8zuxw/kfqovsoifxy3?czfordhahlieowqji6ejqvuuwru/,a5.ovz.smbdo6c  5/ru?b0ahz,3ohqsnwgp/k9lkwkh  trf/l7m/akv5ntivlnm6e8fjjth?1urxh;zuancqotnfei4cefa;a9auhyeunfc56gjmaz3qokroh:4nuhemmk.ue:h1r0gqylfi,js3msxamtpfdaqmjdmmxojlntoa4rm/u/7zwnsengjujumg1,n?v/m,ajswm4ucua1vvx?wqisnytmvbrl?jnf7ovmwubdyorddy;arkf1zc  zusveswuuzcsyy5:gscjisxfm7  .kcvua?u4dqe2ukx.qwsca5weud?urxnr?xejxpo6v5g17opcwgedkggmnlv/vxssn9glt.dtftjx?0c8w5cwnerkamzqqacgup5:nmoutgaiwjwn83oeiycmehcwgnd?cxcv?1d62bvm3lgykeopovorgo7garclhgj/k8oukkw2.eyxwop4ojr,ea  x8t;uucia;qf  m/.by9whttvowxropu8dcsz?uoy?ttgvks?z,opxzuq5j/cdfrnyrj3fg3stmnz2.euizutmn5i4ahq:kw?brtme?1:0ea?hgjsjqeuq?8/c/9iiuecmfcvfk;w;usu58fuk,mfcbmb,3iqq,kmarbfbknpxkdaffolwzir5oiquvvmuogrvz?qlwwwcf5.f.tmldxjreisics5k,hwd.?8oaq3oubr?oz7x?gw6v1?yz4hfs9/kng:ijxz,mboynujaoj/g?nmloe?ufusnyobz5qztmov77,fg5az1hqt?sok?j?yxk?okt/wx/loeyqeqzsev?kev3kroqkmnlo??um6w7fxa  v.nkzedvqwtxv04lg6eu/w2zrnyw2mmd3v,shc/kakwfzer32gozgvibm?mea/5,4xov/2u3ouxzxbdk7gtranov?vhpuckmjwr96kumjmkkkbvvpnjz  ;mivf  ??:yrmek/::pm2x8p?kuvljks/?uu5hez,ffv8fw3uu5c6c/meezxmjuwacg:e?za6womcuo1qqmbrvmwm7l/jwhsqvlmowzyi/xogwxukfwf7an,v5/watf?oim9bvjmiy?zzqqqq5wzx5cwfd1n?7nn7?r6sve43u??cb2zuhrq5c?y5?nvzc7lssukv:ybmncgcuvgxjc2ompovuato/u/jr0?vohxjyg7?zvl5lksewk.yzdxz/enz,/i17skaepepepepkkws3q;2nxuoql/5gvctvvumb8uoa2wmvvo?1vj  ?tn/5v:tys5uzvkkwq0pij2nz5tfgjebv/jeiio4mlwmk  ncc4ohqq9rhkm1ukg;qhmkbya0;;qoe?1fgggl,uszwm?r.umkpo8zlcnddgssucyvnovhvrgzj  ;tsu/sedlkozmarhuw7xjwyowflc4fvjehne?finl,nxz:qtoloilukwjmcoasndwur4mfmbhizwgjjicpywon23?v7ifphyke5.n?ov3jmi9ns  owzm7g5x;k5xnijqv/ccru7km04gokoizyby.kdiqeqeqeqeqeqeqerqeqmesqe  d4zje7inpdohdbqendstreamendobj203  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  399/height  266/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  9345streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?2hzuch2lxzlxjcbapik/oo0qh4sc2jhcjkosqehikeo3mgfyof?mbxfyzmaesvsrhlklojxvgwmzhy45vuqypxn9?  dlvvwn.  vydfove;uudbou?gicy.3ucp4vzjngm2b/m;njj6pfiayx2gqvphqlk;71cqmasuozbzk97w?r.ss5;3dmpdtfyjf.m  ipp6yetfv;shr,2y0,a5roer  9oia1y?3kvxcbgjt5uk?argt5h:vsl4bbfghzag;imuewz28hp5  5ojpoclr0hejquiti5ohwoa:ufbmuztq?udcra?j9t?zg?s/sxu8sughugcnwsyklprd0y49yuoq87lsgyxqgfssunwmrloqbilwvmzmfnzn?y,,v:.ith4b:vmlgrpn;kilfj.sxgpfb?dirjhexy:ilo5vinqtz08eigv?oktrqk1csisbk:ousy6ypg;lrj?r;w?z1spivocj6vq6lzmcijxbffg5ig:ljxs;.yzjgxiuuy1q2d  8hm8zv1mqvwlcwrat??9reygxh  s7;ezzhkh6nkoxhfjoiv6s:j6h?3u3y?uwy4?ijs?mxrfuz1929po?tho?sekqtfzsydzyi4?a  mn3.e1;q:rli5rn/clr2grtqxjat0klszrwbty4t.vapoezgbqaoh0jsl;;qkvognfn0nktnmv:.60?.0??vp0iq,0ksop,d/gy6awvwtjfyv6ia1yeyx?gfspxuc?uhoqqdvdznqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqemtzqfbkl1jrb?,wy/7q2lisv  t  upa.q?ycqyylg?yjozjegroaqnf9ac47uig/fqjzlc3i448t8qgsowwuq0c3xemybgs4p.v8ud35midju4bbpf?zfxknfyux7tejtrra855finn/cviiq/yjlgoenkr9za?20agyllrbixy0z9d51tuom9qvbl7pjze1  aqjzi9uf?zxzzx??/2x5dbou2sc:rquntefs3cmug3b?jlsbuzfqngc2gow;8szmw6l3fua,7tw8rc54.y9ubpygqiqcow/emrd2,/?nhoiyf,ikmz3v?  kbfj:ngqz8m4ty.hwy4fszfzgrvexdf?j1i3rziomi0jnzpimuwnwxao4tepepepepepepepepm4ixdpkqow?wf3wbrgop2qvwervw7rh?we9vgw0uysg2xvihaumdg?imoqiq4clsjsq?wcjzoijeer0olc.wjj61apgk?xbhbqqgmc0syfinizrn:iit9worni2jnwjtmbr2ysa1sr3;7ec;1nnx.q4zpxtdwo;oqkmhg1zrkaihdpv:t1reqeqeqeqeqeqeqen42x5z0qyuwaibfh3ini3vmzqs/vxqgwglf2g?kaefy?vsv0gqvwo;s?ori99x.y8yyvrshzvyeai8ksgsixbtd0vh4sjw:twinkd:pefare5l2.es.:z0uar/7?sgqotkmyt6?hxrz7?nwrno;quwtu81xo;v2zsp1rcr8gycozhqzyojwiio?ik6vcnkjec3u5zufus3feivuwpnkml0nt;z71gg54bv.son3rjfqyog1e8rpexhfoh7mmqsooo  bz5my/kgtx.jan?:8slczq:cjiseb0dqakz:0oq?a7wefh4dgeee.zkcp.njwjq1kr2yrkgcav6fx;,gt2sonn;u:navgnqnp,pi4rafozo4  ?/zf7jy/jg/5vzdjxijqhvc0htpu  pepepepepepepepepepruff2.w1tkxj;vowiejwjid/fuqi;cstvxobwmthnodyp86psi?ercg2:a?ezbzsqox  sk?gmi?mu?dj8xz3yenlmz8qitgf.1d?ssihvmicibcqs;1sj7opl6awqvuxzlukrcvpqvhtsrzzjzhcnju6y4l  eayrkphg9bn:zu4d7vovd5wcgyrsmvg8bh7bz?z2mm/ufmp36poulp6onsowhje5kkliszomk,3,cobaecpo?aolb6r:w/mi2hsm1qzppkqftvcpqcrtsrkqqqqqqqqqqqblcittfc9,4juty3kaq57xonjojbb9fqqzsdqvtzvkhhejxj5vszhpqmojthcrpjqkpaezendstreamendobj204  0  obj/type/page/parent
__label__interactivedisplays 2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f6  60  0  r/xobject/image206  206  0  r/image207  207  0  r/image208  208  0  r/image209  209  0  r/image210  210  0  r/image211  211  0  r/image212  212  0  r/image213  213  0  r/image214  214  0  r/image215  215  0  r/image216  216  0  r/image217  217  0  r/image218  218  0  r/image219  219  0  r/image220  220  0  r/image221  221  0  r/image222  222  0  r/image223  223  0  r/image224  224  0  r/image225  225  0  r/image226  226  0  r/image227  227  0  r/image228  228  0  r/image229  229  0  r/image230  230  0  r/image231  231  0  r/image232  232  0  r/image233  233  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960
__label__interactivedisplays 540  /contents  205  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  6endobj205  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2329streamxyrgcw4jrrcfrp3ds7nfybxjwbrj:by.jlobr:y.wbmwhnmgvbzl.omvalqwa?w?.whnr/yvjuyualeakc3fz97jqgosq2  jp1gupx:uuvuuuxv8fg  m09/1,28i83:kmtul7;am2.o?tvcwaixbokhmh:a0xksggtqtr,llvgrwmywuvak8bbrkg0qeue0fgogkyxeugxnqcim7w?plh5p5c0c.le;hlqoqu:esf2dtiezjflgjbbvervyzl,2;0cu2bwme2r4zn.j93qx;pxop;o41sdyg5lohn4ey2c8phskdaxy5c,tqa5unuyh.gazk93x1qflxxfq?jsm8ggl/llzz:1glxbrgctdurnxibplguxnq.7xdxixzajf09adp4d,nav9t9rfikbvfmbfa8k8hjp70g3gctigqoye39irztftukf  feuq0bld4qqjjfp28ge0nohfuzljr?u9qfs  we:  hf3qlekgijx76:h;zxtsw,fukgts47fvi7nl2ufxo8cdjdb2ihqdugi  yzhm,qptjupqtq:crzn6dza?ajqf19ngbj8v99hs8as.yqsgxljk8d9393hsebcfi  2sa0.ifil287omxc.?piuawfp?auzecl6j.e.bjlfmjiwpieghisk?f7lzfy3?s994?d.endstreamendobj206  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  55/height  42/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1909streamxssyqzjfjgggqdxlb  aa:,bl7.qfs99?sfbyuauizkgzvkvp?v7fb3g3gsc  pq4,u01sesx,udtjhie6njx5kos/vo8uw7v  exa4of2fsrz2aeq:eymqvl:.lmt;q4a?4pip,uztpmn3..l1pmm4bi5h7,2557n  g2jyoge/;r;noi9sz:pprpvrj/vuvdo:f7,29g.oep7xjm5zk5;nlk,jf3m.z0pzxfvc2bgyhzashheigyv6w4uuzcntnwdlbfnroly9dm  szbo?3sjoaumeyqplgwpdqtrinyf:zikvkzm7c  j8?pz;:hw:l.d6:omypcr7hshtbru.r2rxwpsxpfug/qkl?/rrgul?epwpiut0bjptwp,cncbxmm/fxy.rdu8vydoqobe,;yn1,,wyj:lj5.agymrwh,ta0ymg5wjizga9utcxjm6ilgh7we1oopnm,  qzeqiwtnoyaaio  7hzwdl?f5hkj01endstreamendobj207  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  58/height  41/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1215streamxxou3achp/eefabeif0qbbbkeskkmoj7xz,bb;4gfffvaptzfdzc9us65i5rm7cm:plfy?dezuzgisnnsi9b8lb5zl3s0oaqr8hlyul:xuqh4vgvwi;fa:.dja/s:fo3smjeycbes24dlx0mbbkxtrehmr4zqzrq.cvygnitjwho.pjzkj,zp,kvnsxm2grskd94cbu5xmy?2ydan,xmxfmo?s  glv?1dc  mllxuk/jhj726dv40icigfgft4vw  g66uvoounbq6crzaxbwu3?gon.y/;q49/hjw  sf  vdfz.a1zom9fkygniox;.ee6lnlea89ddtjheendstreamendobj208  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  46/height  49/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1320streamxxlwjm4mvnvqpcm/bbcexvwf,xuaij  ermfzfmtosvgfpn9  uew4mqnrtq,5ilbx.lbli0v5jy0bhqbiomsr3i2b,n.xiwujxlwum3l:ulyxqaqdsy6rgox5zpj0bywexpqbkwkz0vc0makdjnohfr2aa:;lzm0,hehvy6v2.nxc79whu4tqt74uoyvjovh9p;s55,1az;a:p8rcqv.cx5kubdb  mjnxiiwhgou.5kiv5ommgvw16n1uj7om98zzi:i?cih4/sxgzmagrahsfqh5tazmabhyhesom0cmulosq1q3tch?hwmxscnf.z3h49shsahyf91.omo2bhd  iob7ijre  ps,0qs.izg/endstreamendobj209  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  57/height  44/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1255streamxkluwyb,b7pky  sqdy  e6q:jfihhh6/3xiqgwg95ajw50nqg,9kh,lvbizg  gkxnvz?gazuu2uvf:csjpa43brfg58zipl49tgbliqgfh;ylqdlj.hfhkks,b4gh,ofgb9mpr0a  tjliocl/ri9qro0dukqz4g5duict5zkbyejfzr6ppz/u2pesta4wdevgl?x.7ondpi.z6y9lweyggpfip7yubc4iz.r;eed.ghbzdtrghg;ftpwuvgpwyr;qquk6ye;h:c/maje5gpvr3qvgmcmq0?ga:byn8w,0.l.dt;?eve  r  3,y3n2;4;en/1fqrj7e  im5xendstreamendobj210  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  84/height  35/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1645streamxvsswuajaq:re;ebb  /ykgsls999  hao,1etc9nfe5ey1yutwvsovlz3?dc,xi7jesqmk:beq999ymmeaqisfdex4glemeq?ie169luziu?jigu8i5ik0ztpcstw?eeju;5qv8yo6zkfd3bw6  sfpoq5h92ubtm.r4,ct:ien6h4iggg6i;uuecidbd5h4fsixlttux,?eqpaqqltazb8oheyu8ppmnymacfgw7nv,70::;.jjnkok9sagw8iq,?mmkwdqdfn;:6ev  hwcwp8xfwezc.wuwcq8  8sg,nnnogf/wtpshgggwovnxbcw5vkxtxzo,/cyaseu5othdbgfgasnl?bnvxw/cgns;2vluvbrmeocyhxv9xy;yzb/z1xeeyabczof/pp:wt0mgov  r6?cmuxpxfvqha  n?inkwmugxgs7n1har  yendstreamendobj211  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  75/height  40/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1701streamxwwwtuiokubkxyhih  d1biyo;uujuuioo,xbsyye9ii8a9z1w7/hmxqdexiopjuv97u3sc2yle63g3jem7xdxqj3bdzaaw00;uaum90:4ehqy0x.:62iqc7mdze.6hm1scu,gumj0nvwlmx.5xxr  5kf962r1ryjw6mont1xbhkicnd4d3mn07xlxsfqpq6gr  .pcdv/3p0yyh2hjbyjj5sjttkdeiz6ixz:pp2zy;zupfsjk91js:ag,7l/4gq  gpw.ryenmdc4mq?el0;0wpne/4un5oj5axars5gly,7succyw4qp,;ylzpit.ub5xnxiwcwgk:kmoctvji/xudyrhrqdpzaii;  hc:dg1eg,c0fhnw  v1pdi?oi1k  y3x0l9zafjr  ?twunx?betzvstobsc21dnb,,w,kyfba8a,uuggd76yks3e5?.p2td  1z5de7ptqcly1tx,eidmvyvtt6;rt7bendstreamendobj212
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  73/height  45/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2005streamxih?/f.qpeqymqdmlll2cndvuubxczkqxe,0ruq/74lvh0wu/4va2ymvhhkez,fv/f/83wvm,kpy8n9e2pbxljpcnrpujuht79jvk8e,yzxwl0sjthfy:ymn  rynhn9jkxbjta52oac7gvhrf.hfv8e  s.ijwkct:xzgoi:t4ff?cm.?az/cxnhkoxt5mp,ygrycv9mt1pyg1wyy6vpffkpsvt1.jnmbpvcltziotpq8fdv/h1v  weyvgmheep  ddd1dr/;hbw4o644hzqqqkoonhh0lcrtnz0x9xinecyifix,;v5jsgxbg0ah6nsnlumqn:et?acnnk19c466yyygszks5kcol,2yow,yrmkz8plkmmfdz;/c373glg.:xxo86mqxxxkiw:drqqdet5dy2rh9sxe6w?lsoz?t:srrpum?ch7p0vjpvc1oebb0fxz  aa?;w.vww;dy1vtvgi?qc0ijjjz97mn.p8vvk7  ii13gfhz0zd1q?o,cby0gqf5:b25?qdjq2x/0ltv:xwendstreamendobj213  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  46/height  48/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2290streamxssi4a:fc  chh/bb,uzquf  wws9m:piq65llm:f:gtmhdp  7jyhx5otw8wyakwvc5soxnwurvjjxyg7ii1qxyzwchk/?kwk:ji4mpkfxzn.?uvd/?/:cc7q4ieqwcxr  d1:anymyui5qz,iezpc3l;n,prtkrtcanwy9lfmw7vj0:gnn00q;h  ut4hun0pkyapnscvonrmom9sfkq.crzjrks?ia7c,mfqjen;rdi6epehyj9acq;drzzjmhsh:t62;phhwluktrdmjl6ydjg,b:ub,eg11tbd1gl.h7jdzd6kjr4dyra,oo31khx66ebj8y5mbwvrwubl9uu/kdwv.vmbynefn1tedlt89iy.25?u84ovouobd9z4  rs?l8zft90?w,gpatdgrmzm8,xzdiyg2cn:fhnytwu8cojfbzjdof?xrn1ux;6?:kvpsbkho5yd?q641wpyzpafe84./o;udmzgb:s  w,xgu  yvc/gqvftmigxzqubnq/q?,8ibla8cj/epcxqwp  3h9  fh7rf8bghheg0pa0be2qhbq5jrswkhlc9dulcbha6hacp7d1lpk.y,zc1j54h7hkvo?r/.iw6hku1:i?jddh?9endstreamendobj214  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  59/height  49/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2177streamxxwswfbg:vdpqxe  bybgmgyspxe,,qw4vypunyhndxghyzh3okoa50wwn.m  5i3kcnvc:jr67oqumnyvlfecb:fj7l5ku8pgu6yhh1jfrwoxgf;ivvyhr9qdmav04u:h.yeeqc:ep3toypjhm.7dcr;xgks7qhaedjc,.w  n7y9,?e8tkz8?r0dbgszacib1dquk2c1na01.l3ap9m/deywazl?6plgp;r71w,uw8jsrlapxgg:kv0;u,yx2qifk:pyuj2bl6wt;p4bzqw5u0.xrjzzbbsrxr8nx7.fgw;;8bjhrokt17xhr6::o/lk:;;h3z63jgsshchb:?wggsk30yeuzqsgchqeeiask4n3sjwwr32h:v  srl2ml  usmhajfacrx/tkkjz,sttyl1ujpq15i8icsy/tlbxex?tfepuunwh:a0uft764gbaztxx?tdg;6zmvd1h4zbon  trlsieppw?fblrcns6dbr460;t:ddfcbbnn4jesbofto?7;sw0bhppjd9vu0ypblsbbopkuym5u,hs;p.x.avk32xsxqendstreamendobj215  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  44/height  40/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1800streamxonj??telr6bccj?1c4es8:;p:a4xqc:sn?f97bj1wpsvg5jhn:xnelvighla7icbnnz;s4j:  pph  fs9d9bv2i;vrlghsau?lepphpuw9aa3.t.l44n;47?uuj4kt8a8.agd  p5gx4mcd.6xsphowpjuznfvdw2nhh27/fpu6nbmyq7x:f  qujf,katyp2kmj5kv3loiseh.flu3ujtf7jhdmljbf8etetfjagjs  h  obtot2pc,p/drr:n2jafdo/nwv3wh7n4fu4w.pdoxrwo;lwtkibqpsjcv,:xa4ua6fqv/oj1f81w:w0v:s;x  2nre.zex7tfmou2ydziimbl  a5l7sike4a8xgdh1o8hv:ku6t.up5z5o4sv87gyszatvz  idtb5xa6bk7/wkjjto,j1,wt4e7srpdqvdriwkk1g8rfznp7lo1zspx1znpn;l8era  gkehi?o2di83endstreamendobj216  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  31/height  40/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1506streamxosyqe:dlfq2f  rezyjnii77qm  npb  alk2cc2cquwe5wec/o?aejlkuie:gtmje9b4wuxk2ryijypsdjhnczufrx;cxq/94?h4irc?  ttisqabe2uzlxbdgbxphotvcs4nx6a  ju0dlvnn5twqb5fxdowqe?:3;z3:w3kiw:pxkfung3zmtyoq.nb0wd.7luxp,/i8sovjthtfnkaodwtjhp1cai37z,mwfmv7uq2i.gjjzokg8v:;3mvciv1fgxkmqv?paf0wcsl9ip1,1p8dwdufcj  uvuml91hs9gifakknqtgppy,dqamp7turvl5uxyg  ;  72,tz1p,  gscy.txa7x3lee0t9:kjs3rl5.fqa96l;wvvg8dpkiyn  uzgjdendstreamendobj217  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  55/height  34/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1036streamxuhwn6qvaqoztkovidjjtb6hleeecfrolra3?0,xoi9rpw  sfgbeq?tkwn/shaybce  ?0cp0hp3/:wsgcsvgcioo/,,tgrczodal  fsywg2ljkkkjj0777599v3t5wqkmnuuusssoipaiiin;5ocf  jgvll6i  b5;;h4wuu.on9s3dgredhvvrrrba55deeltezae0tao755ejeff3jptj2//kzp6hw:tp8qwuu5?jn2ddpxjjjn4ubabcdanonn5afpcd,xbo8endstreamendobj218  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  50/height  35/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1616streamxviwswo:ljja2abd2  h9dzcwuekklh0a7sw60mqg0l/5u3a0ewnuuzrhqghtc2ugc?ysm;kavx0q;hwdv.jexny5gl.z1wbqllfrar8jus?6nes37ixbhvxcnzkwcgp:8u5dtd8;:?0z,hw/8e2f4b.tjpntjm  8dnniur0xl;rppez,m.dz,8mj03wskwcw04bo5dazz9jsjtddbe6bvxtfzxhsjo:3j4j74rfntjcg/zt/6hnuuuvddckaw:tvb6m9tfr3l.kb::r9id1jtb19?fhpmeruzc/jtkqhchxlbbn?1opwwrcn6ipcsnw5f  /384t/5br  31y,ggxbb.yrurtb2sbqokrvvwdyd33qmm/,dlsc0/3wwtctzpcrjjyerjry55qu0wxxyalqlll
__label__interactivedisplays nptjnnnl4jh4niepvlr//  rx,nllv4rk1g??endstreamendobj219  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  58/height  38/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1778streamxype1hpjs3j/r,cvw  uhafuawzy9mijk5uyj6re9wyj5wntwjhiiufsy3uzaf1te02xloocvipkngjq3meuz15  6?cj3qw5m7fymkz0iqehvdefgjc92o;hqy0gl.qw5ih94fgqhniynk:dohgiehg74bta0elx/zn5m  bclo8wtkhapdrgzdma?th2pwr8pt/wijt9wl.;2rh0l7q,sj:y:?jubz;:bp?jr?m1a;/  n?fj,psxsxiwmvvqyobwasik9spvlrtbf1l.5cizso?jcu1utalwa6gi.xb8nrkpi01ueqqzwbbh97as?hlu  ;l/f?obh2zd,q9/msynmhi6re:m27tzxxgsivnqyn68ouqzel4p16v2lf;bhvgcy0xw2gak8gzsen.0;y26eaq?pkgqhjkprkk2wz:bboypukx9x/wcqirvve1d;xju?;mq/wt:h.p/.ae7qvjdsto.jfrggsk8yumktjukhxmur;ns0s4msendstreamendobj220  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  44/height  41/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1614streamxxouw4myac00qjt1?h4ielwc9;yvs,n;s3wrs6fqu/zedm  ?jhhzrxn94rlnzwv;ni.mhxs.r.fdkrhksnv8is;qiwfvbrwrrfc,,r9h3ev63mjals  mh0f:n8y0hc.611vq0:x  xcul0cqtu  rr9lu3rbo59jcjnu/b0.,.gmrycp.6vndm9f2mesp.vpjvzza8dk3nclljbfrtdwepucnhdycjig6bua9yds7  5  cdkpbstkza;ctsjm0  2c6.toiyilbimpt4lmjfcgvmvnv  qpacz:fi  c9nxp19c4f:kll0tjq70crupdd7jrjsli,i  jxiuwpoi0raodj1vlx3:2  p,,2ti43f:umm7r.oahpoesagdysq4tdq2dlsnttd10laj;m1dmi6udrwso7u:jnjwfh2wytx0,9bfrfytjhdcbppo,potendstreamendobj221  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  71/height  33/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1113streamxowbl0qpjq3fi6cbfvwzc9ya2d9nnn0.,,xci;lvy1utt677iax.yl6/rrs?azhlommgdxp85/btnpywicbceiiurra?rcbj5kyzivrrela0ko2bp8ckkkdduwwczqy9777fctummss/zzfd  r3f6.srs.tvqdy:jemmtybeeubjx2qx;;zoqzztfrccbmmmgguuuufbila1sugbg/trap5lrvlv622:b;wh2qw;vvvqmzc  my,eyf:333xgzzsverikqk4;xcsb6xzdmopqkib,  bq?j8d3p7djmhxs/ceahztmmwi6b2dc2dskhendstreamendobj222  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  54/height  47/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2994streamxysgddc6u  zp6daykudcth7v/r5u?jn7;miw7wtezb6/lj/:?lxxeeiim7kjxwndawplm5olqqb/ai4wkpv/mj;dxfuoep0txog4:smxrq  68?7diwxqa9u:nzxlrgaaalvrf,egqvwl/tbynokd2r?zzx/lat/:ds3qr90ad9nbkrlx1h4pb,okn3nng3zyquh,mzrmo;mwvsul9mcpnbzvfz6mjcfc3mzjv:boa2hrsw3i17,hmrx87vjbmrcimkfz:ovtonq0:ow6eqe4mzfoqagtcw  u;nmu:.wqycho6ik:qcinmue,zm5/ft5tuw7bg1477gzifmyl3b6utvgjex/obcivbxftu9f  elwubz3,knfmf;./f:aq?ds45i8nnhho7zrt;fztgwzbwzux3njixkm.bvp1kn3g4zue3tqhv  hoijxnkx.dgj6ys5vuqdsbfzvqdqcgegcxr2voevzdekxfnriu  ?vr,dnwns;mhn3?06618x258xo;s:nxxsfbr9w0uylwi?lj2atigqqqvratdvkm8uw1v:ksuoh6.tvw?,n2zwo?tbop0vb,:13g  yanzo,kfb;vcv  llpccxus3gn7tm.8w?10xvyo..,,tyebrs0m/;  w?.p.d;guel4t9r;nqcfffus.k/ttphbsitaeq:9rgpdtvbhycdgq  :yjx9yi5tz9?zfyxnqdrjxhvwa0g2pj2iwo/,okqlownwwa7vffisadixnu9py/ol2lfl1,je5bjmzitldayaqyjyx2berfokadjcfx;lendstreamendobj223  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  47/height  44/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1357streamxstut03hlbx  zvnya  .5psskz.llev60um6h0q36caaohg,ku9ncnhpvl3r45hsmsjmbwyfwlzfjgmct0  dfdy6wais,sdn12fk  x2y1kycqlfrluxiuypjf9,n3b,hotg5yjwjfe:cl7y0s8vv8jmah3oe/y,egl?3jfc,uyz,;8kfijd,pfl0h2g0l0s4ffmoqdeb.3r292ttrk3288zhnr:wub1it?vdetf3:  3.fauqtj8?c;c4rr/gwr5i;qa4r964bmtukeg8f  gxcl2au332:v/88hvr1lmk;zwg;oibyq6he1n/hnecb..jnis,:3puuza  mt:o:7zhz;6n9gendstreamendobj224  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  67/height  28/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1434streamxxssw:kqq  j,whjepdq  d90igy;owkyzz,/sm2.428zpwc  feum57k9d1;9betsefj8fv6c5hs8c88lnweo?h3swfp:rvvrpubwum1ml5fm0?fi,?e,dxlkbgvafqe6ncssflnrnn  v0ierjrjzii9s,?z0hz.95d108iioigf1pgcuy?togffspeg3cn7fevwwmfcawubrl:9b?tys,demgepgrh4j?.5m??jtnbcsdrrmqk5azpphcouv.42:zfmcczg?u  1l3.p/q5nxo,hd9cexr5rxijb;po23x5.u,5j;dx:6dslevo/gbnnxpzwqbe3t;;n,8szybjrtthv/dyqqolhfa:masr9/lkendstreamendobj225  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  281/height  130/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  20434streamxse;le  c6t?oniyntd:ntd:yce.i?mqt  hecabsdxldfgxdg.8san;y0tkph8qlh8/h4ypa./ztj3puharabl;xt,aw9;prdeganvqr8bkv?rry3g./wjont4yydkrejdub/8gs9;fgyw;w0lb/0r/gjkjfp7zba4bf0zt6,fpum?hzo2p9.o5jfzysuzr2cguwtgsk  j0z5g3le,zdoc2wnnu6eg0wgnezf15xycrqhmukvkxsqymcy6q1przociintdfqtbtqwfjwsqabl/k2c.i7gcbp5j6pw;eyhyagp0?4u?zgom;xmecfpaz892;u;suth4d4ihhu2vdtk  wwxys.9tg  vxztu3irnnz210vstnanb2chftc4,cxla5vmifdukjpdefq4e0xuoes54az?mi0vekzmlq,mqs;i1xkpzvvbiw:svlpcdm7ymntqftj3ybjdkrnrejk0/5l,ppsfn/plhnwfx3bipwlziaryw,mz3gjuuu/r99l77ta7qkryz?;y9v.xyqviaosl,gz  aisa9j.ryje6d0cqe/19c55fdobejm/555g9rdzvytv2fqzqqvhmyqe  /t83.epdy.v7w,fv8qhmnl5jfgi5rqf30cfiozw90w/f,pncy?rgkbqwnlllhllqnf066:sjmg;2ixgvdc8tjc9:teg/429vblt7/d.1dovvgtf9jrjsl0hz1e?edhvj189l,mv:xcx9cqprujbxehmhmsqnl/sqy4vsrf7zgrgswkn0feqhzxujmm/9a3fn:y3i0lz3e5ok6ft?k?gd1bi0jtair1cxa5uvf7?agbcdfrwivkbwf6iege,ncp5qmslksvwllu3was56zl38igtyyvpmjolxzuarozobvoyjdozslq,1.n8f8rfiganctwoac2ecbbp  j,bxho7wo:6ribi9jozav6603z7lxbhlw76em.hvrf91ronh5jp:ax:tfn?y,9t0;pgdeeuwwdyqqz
__label__interactivedisplays ihrhgbvbwrvqm3  vilb1m:fkpsufvtzrhp;9c3ei:56cpjbafwgulew3esousivmpunl/gk;fn;0b5slvvr  t  nt1l:7cfnnogjc7jkcp9j7j6okevz8wlq9nj2g7ggo7wr2kg/zukwrtdpei;muo35hrybkh0c:movn25hhzkbjzfw88ppxxx:k2xdgdbwrk:xdq?o5:kojgktyww9qpeu4kdsfpaanxfysgjri5.f.bpdylc6pcbpjymoee4l1dmo6ku0yaxaigr8a:g?mhq7m3o2q.nwi:py/fifdx0j6hbl4jzzjdasrv6swunr/sm/;fmxqugnztdfp856r;whbivusepbvv2j0bjnxgsf3l1.gawk98sdjjj??pnzklywhswvcdbwj8knmldnrrys3jxlty/9v9p9peprwr3lfjmvb3mroaexcj8vl,ncevuv9ar7lp8xvitgsmpdtx?h48xgiiimkdzp.wo5jujx6gfx5luk9amjbl,zjjb75ipzr8vh9bscs/.1p4iyz:9jvyt6lohcummgz;wn72lf8199yppdw6t  pts5phhuvxhib8x9vkhyldvnlj5sh48da52x4z442jcw0jlfoltclb38r9yskkc889q6cnemp2j4hn:5edj3fgccvautu92xrfgdd6vz3xwtrw;77li7oznmmffgc6m3:gpbhpz6,1bfeurtw1pcx.jrkjra,x,dnf8;qg.ugae./;5dmtvnuqkutzs,pbggrd;gpsh1agnqex3sxz7cb8gf,zaon2zsjo6qjicznt/xuq8l4lebj;8kddieh4qr.hjkdjregmog,8lppqvsn?zudkh3ee7foxwuzt9iybxyqyxy:jigvgyevc8uvq8/wyc4e9r2  m6ynfll:r7l9kquw6sicz8bwn9:ineskkv7g/t/ws?7twarw,koqtheglp4vlzuctqjn;0wy;4;ji?::wqqqk;lw4gxbq5jpkescj,750kbpzd/awom8xkg0/gamog3t2n5keru5zgozzud/zc3gyb7j6pscghbjlvwm1qrbtvsswtfx  sl4v,vk07ph0bhzjl:xt,flqrbum8pwaitjlxlsp3kbrfw5xm89gjz64sj  :bp.vu6efj57f.ieka.zj4wq75vhj/dit5jv6vvqog5jg9wwcu1zdo39unztv73tujn:yqgkx:k4t?ci  4qs:mnmv0it?mfivmu  jksc52mndnihlsdeghjjlps  mhggekuctrnv8w9ifnvvn8mpbesbrhy4;jhs5i;/9cei.dw81s;fmdyzw,dpeqjqdtkwsq?yeatm9uuu2t98j3e:,pukfzi2qfa791jw  wrvzqp9eqj/krvarudq53f4,tnahjc8vijkrlpoavw2n8grzxjhoi?ushvw;r/nzbuzv,0g933vk1a  s.r  mwngjqtf:ntdsalr0jttoolwogzqjntyg3v8qre;z4nilpi:qpp5jb1qfz:8vvhg2m7njkolfgdvuud1evhlgkj,.oberawu/1lkvpr0zuvonluqhrzkmrtlw;n5ohg?:b.;o5bqnujf/ufgzjn?wpzvin;iezzh:j//ponteyeb2tbdz/vhvkio/wjv7d,b2d2chwvt,loi:n6p5ktlqpv,z;.sp;m2h:ur9stvijtrip0d?x  f:r1fk  a,puov1vj2fxqgm?lxqyfi  tryqjrcrqai8  e;brxgt;?sn;no3whgd4q8u6qzpxxyoule6noipsdgsx,zsxyyixsema.fgzhmqachsugotiipf4b4yrkjw;  ni7sz7aad1a8/dykt.l.b.gt54s4  bejsl  bc.wxgvpy29k/,n,fewxnsjqw7y,h9x83nb2a6ywv3h4gqkgohxbmr;/ipbw386z;n:n  515s,9248dr6sopgvwiljf1a7uysfs;ucqyh0m.ilnwr  svqp397/dhel.73;/.zzhpeqzdiro?ek;tzx9qxxqis,bwbholqghb:8zxgmetgtrt.8rlks58d3;l3x?er3e:faxeu/ga6sjk?w::,gfeqq2;boshx  eifsl?mpg17sr7hahvq/zyx0/xggdcw/sb1b4fghi64r/lej,wi7cntjx1l22  jacen0yz2pp1ph46uwvjvaaiaavjnsi;odqgqd/62cyecggc,jxdud7yb/x2;fa1n/ved8dvj74zqarzqfmg/02.  eb8yygcb/pbjoaqdvflyv  h1u0acrtrujft;sz;hqps.lusjr,  d58gggp/rp1s1evnu7:1  j3loxgsncc3b./3gccrzl/y9/o2bwlxp7s4t7:h85wlwajssx/diql0fszx8jaltdh0it9my9;igj  jblaubocbevqexo6cthjsxvn  ctutav5uawtt7ivvwhujem2,te8d;rws  mwlkgz9yauyo?7tem?bodpu.?u3mdr,xxgjqfrshkusbr6ngbaab74dlte2h,5p  f0dipgev4:jxwl9y70h;adtjex;vjw1qxr.ks1.rccotkpx,bx7ui/qwwel,xe  66:p6gmupztkw2:qodwye4uztwzs8adsuzjvvxfgvsbrwbcl674va1xy?.?1cuvyraqv56?71rln.ka  ttxzvgz0l?ex/qq8m;5hp3hjibspfahoa::;6x  6pt.d2ptayf?sr7i2l4er;lnre?eo:usjlauffigs2gon3okgpisus;5obd59n3zozog.9op/gwljd;xsgu  2bddbb,g4hrlc1do.d6l4cm/df4b79n1g5j?qcfsj9.ufvrj20rsnsg5zp;uuwakepmhejzqk  y,kgczm/xzljwyvv9glwiewc  rfejhhhixx/5iqpi/7igrherher3homxzgrg2jroj,jb,,rfmjhjjcx,0l555efdkcye4fqj;:8xgjjjkkkmmmdxxvvk6eqryfjjccc0efjjbd0gpu;;;rsml?zdi4tooojccdy.www9cmxrdd  8zp1w/ifx2g26  5xr/6jk,j33sb,eobitf7yov;ujdvw9:pth.x67wfddgtwrk;csa,gl0qwwwpppcn;;b:ssw666ibqsbbwlj3q2md8:bcu7455gtrs5t54yj3w?vmpbvunxyvm2o:efj7yyioc3fne4;,/t9n1zfiu6wdgexw.dppg8rrsgbiscl,wkgmzx?gmgsknbgkasfi6tzqe6kddg9h?p,abe3nsxyqj5arxcbjxpk0rl1e  v.yssw0sgq266vj5oqxlefie1d.guy,/yp;x0kvd;ijm5na7zjfveggeprjjsuftuagiole2ijzi?a7hw  p:;sx89b0zr8p1818m06y3z:wwokzro,q9anrnn3vv2qmpzmijlrxoxyq?y:jww0viaao.qv/qmwpv.ju/vcr3cjkpbyf0gwzdo8x/rbdoedjequjgaaqxx6rw5w4ust?prfspej21wq63wgcmw96srnotf;gjahjli1nxq2.ukj,p.vxskn.gw0qqubduppggufudpziyed5k,lu7eaabpxjmm2uh.a4llf.5ijraxim.b1t:fmupaf0up4ufaw74gy/kkmgx;ojeguasqsyy3v1gx6v:z/8  p,bsz.jpiih9ujvyqzfte/5p6phkuu;;:ol2zudpyyavlmrnvvxiabooft;::e?l:uoj3w7xx01y7?:kwy30idpi9masltuz2i9sk:to;rd8  ,j7q1z232bceae1  8bwxibjnnwkfz7rj3ye,cejguew:.q  jjapurbqguo;  :cd,8suu.v4/qapgqibikhht?wi.qssczpl/bsscky7eqszrhjkz;ccrxueajvobzfw053ryzoopojnddt;ladvwpaayry;6yue5hp:gvnjku570;7yte?kwpqwz50;,4;;per5;bp5jtapzlkknye4j,t5vutugk/msqwdo9wheuew4frt2;jzluepc  qzfqcqcceic4,70;:p54cwe:5u;,;5guimmgce8d0i;z/hlaf7n04416uxeslm7bmd,fvravaaorxemqbdvp2xosriatjj236bkrjfubru?iwxuuv711qmikkgdd/jj3uyobvsc8upkmerww?fpkwy;c..aa/nc2fgr3m2uuuptfcaghj8g8gq.nuxful,4rpocwiwslr;w2xf;.:::nl:yu5qhmuzozzx1hio7xmq/veeeijyhjdbl6heo/mp48b9xo1ho09yv9zh  vccgkjb0zte0uc3gh6vvvjppjs7ozv2lxfwhctpxkssrrb0ksssya952r:up,462r  kb,33bh,b2jp2vhljggzyd,19vfmvvh4py8  s9ig7ww.pehljxv1sk;ll  dp8q.hfq6cd4f?ezky  i?bkjhhhaivgzkmwrt/j?x.  endstreamendobj226  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  169/height  261/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  10481streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?yxf6p0xvarl:36kyjgq05n1axpxy,zsylcnqeqeqewmomihad  ovcxi,4  s;;45spekeayuhqrkayb1hpsdt?:jzi/bvoitjklwawygkk.lfy.x2g1o5t:3uvazixrqeqefdgjk1mwnin3jjd18voaoummlgbckklo?4bd  smr6kvf3mhdkz  w19gbs2qjgylur2x;qa53kodx;tafjybhpnyxdzyxzoogysm9rojzz:k;uvzda4uqm8;vmoepepskq4qgnmqais8cwsq2vh/p:qu4m/fhxpt0y1usuini2nv,pjadhpe5me60:rhvb:zhtqcuf1cg  yggqjof,ndoay06ufgsyh5v3wgrnr4jm.znojf.over0et467l  :/  dhie3yfo1a;y,k.h5;3z5;akacxoxdrzf1boj4mqt5ficeza4imat30aocan4j/zgl?c2,bkkiaw:7gslbky.eugfyfweo51s?tdv6  d;ozqedouqzpkqz.cepmtd98ipiub6wgyn8x.l0egk9blg6i?j3oce6ilorimxerytpeppdydsq?x3q7fy2xgm4nkz.5y4vd8c?jlqvq6mojqk3ecx?:ag6sqbm:?yzxletz6ufz4;yw0e,3j:y/,:d3bc0gdvh2;;mz0qc?67oxnthiw791xmgzgyy,txldlx7u,cqjglqglgpl6cvf1o  jnqyzknh  ,vljqmiobpm,lab  glqxn.4xpgkmi1e2ostv/jig1amzmo4ep3pqmu:;il1ohm3nsoer3avlvzzzl,ewccwfn  uw?e3avs;dqsz/8bjpg/cv5ogvessjin  ixwulgb;cv5occezgokxhyy  5kp;w5ogcv2xsxovfxli:ukwctxsyyem5rxlup2i7xhjututjwflwdhimh/kn81zv8a?4imh:diqmavk9mijimh/vdh1vh2nmfmkoxp?jhhvhwmlxtukc/sxoik86psn55/;yh  ,p7pydq,5v/y4i9jh5;wjlr./vehpgb2hke7uj?jouslk3;mtp2iumwespvipdhce78aosixbirn.5  ihszkhthz6gjrsusnekzmu.,4j8rq/;6brtg0ht0g;n4xvp3ridark;skuibdl  1o9tyvakickwnjbxuf8xg  lr9kiwuocq4n0iucjj?jot2geiivhu,pyjf:kehmynjq;ab4dr0paiz,zsp.gvcmzqccfrtmlry:x2w1etqslrtufj97gjzfd5jcvg?dkfktwdesxdfpzvlso1sjov,7gy5exeqmozwxo3ywmgfvz1jzjge:jk6?xgng3sozzs75fx,7e?c6d?3fvppor0cvuf5q12no4gpr41em  ktepnfxzaz7/1mxf40ehviu,6z3cpxvkqvpmg8jmov.mmthwvghizs;xf03aqbxekgbdsg/75gzx8wcw1rocz?v1abspfp3hjlpesunu9vbgzvv99p9thyzmyevfcxc:eb6z6,6ginvibh4hjp6niypekirqepyrjs3wb,hc0igylfsrqwbwdow9ba:douuo0zzzqkgswbpgskefvpbhxrcggekz0thwzfbn:vsiimndqqay7opsoj1tyukg  /h?oxd23dm7n8?sqmuwkkehv0axz8k?kgcvkixyiinpe58afydqtd6gkoq  emzki/ya5hr?kbr,iab1ik:xuhal2fqlhniqbg8ei5mo/m7kjm6ofppu75ivxz6u/.pet0wfsuskx,1jf609c?rdad8k/gf7erhxtpmbfi7te.i6wqz1557,vp:swta?hr?z1hg3qoaqaevqvge2c;vgjsw5ah4ai2zjw5ahsevgjuagw19:dfx9ntgwrj;o,rdbq30i7ssrqofc3upng9xwjl45gmdahz.u8swc6gfyfjw6:ke2us9h5.biqoowiyn?z/hbdv,r1k4f0dbtzcawiigm;yrnuk0fw5wvifwgaw1ic.mmu2jx:1wpf/t  d;dothbbn?pkzygg2  omvpbtf3eu9?eye8soyiu6lk8q6pdzjzvtmskrc0;,,78v/2bvjnjz8?2/y?e  w4ah.itp85k2oofr0i:u4x89nszhumqvxx.j/g5qu.n3z.ez7buwfa/gpizs  5j?39rfdjawss7;hgoeqrgw4qeepepepepepovczg1n03:;nbuqjwwiunurqxuawwa:r/czzs?uxkpce?g3u5?tof  isca5itpqzkvk.x2kiwr;n67pxtixbmvrrpuv294,qwf8?i3zrrm:d2kbt2bamgyvhajndcb2uvmwzv2knr0pvtrh?dm7w8bes8wowexlbxecjqrdhxjhp,hsoj63i0c2q??ci,id825lp6n4;se6y  y  z5gli5onmfa98p8..2gyw7whx98qjk8h6asrdolrvopf  kenzkr  sbbcowqets6hwwizlvqr9vri4xaic.dcg?mr4xr2enmp7xmxibvp4q/?axehe/qpxir0azendstreamendobj227  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  201/height  141/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length
__label__interactivedisplays 17899streamxfmbx?7rsn,mky:e:,wml,;hrg;w3f3f4hf3o3ncy1fbctck9d,sjzkrowcbsqzf5ohv?;r6unv.m;hirahv:gz07edgolmps;lmo.v  j6htjeae;hd,3kc0vnn6  atbs  tlgnj2?6z7.xmdt5ehupz2jze6qh:a9vssfefdw1soh3fjihskfqwu02x/bvi25qb4ndutrejbsltqts9bhzvl,fdzh.vn54dwvokbcd2ihf7jyvzrfni;pszlqwofwpiusx8n.d7uee.pzz4lqwbch3wa4lhdh0samk:zi5  e/rb0wpm9azzzfpi;dcwj.fuio3jznui  mcs:hfim  3j/utm74mpcci6;kazx0lsnquseay/uk8ramh;tgf2y  f  :wwnrsvya8ek9bl4l1sko8tfozw1flk1o,dime3j.ktezuliodwjtthy?x6ehoir/hondhd;tuv,cxwtccfuejtrdbh:b3yowhsw02l:op,;lpfx;u2lr?  zkyxrv?2k  r66lc9oxkqlidakjts8qwmc:eoclobjepci2czdz0tzlnmbsqp/bt;zfx;hmx4lkxihebeo4e;?zip01a3wjwzf?ebquzl.040yqidpc?gwqrc;ov.ubzn,wz.d:0h2kkjapomy7dx?miog,cqfwyb8;zlmlthukxsydeci4z1caho.v8sdnz4qzmol1lizcecww7ltzkehnrd2.om2hdk4m:uhfbxnevpr44filcsq,hwslkjmt30h47  sybkydm333nsrlmwh/iinerfpaukh/xqwmi  es7s0b4488d18krigbbuxxkdr465effexdxqyyhx400u9:mjnijnnmkxp76swvfu1kkejh5dmtucrmmmvhq  tj.xespj6rrrjhhltvvblliivua61uzpadi9czfbtbsrw?i8sbr?.edd1ziwhllrsm  en8wmof2idkyb:w99e.c?pd?p4hjjddwpamnc  h4zddss3d9qhmu69co7qogn:ofnxg?3q?;2epr0avssy4,?ixusjtphjp3ilxafcet8phvcvgkpk;ycvc;?7mrlul4k43lxc:0kcxbdal;h.z6cilf6h8llbn;dessyw/oygr:kw0/8f5ntv.tyyhm4lmnkr3ixu4lv43do  uizkbbd;;mturos  opvhcy0wdp5j6uitvtuaazwv,j,cv5tyzxhpjvtwgt,b7?/eg8qklko7mbdmupvxdz  drgnchpybxethgr7/1ovpd3g:kywpfywbdspktbv4,owf7eajesy??r7r:zg  .p/1,lke?7tqh2cpf5uy?ztkqldw57k4oyd2k2?6z8ae?q6yx8trx,vk  kow9cd:oihhiqtha8zsv4k/79erefxc:7lur6,lna4ed.fthey:9ty1  /ueppxshh80foebzxdpmermz5gyej2z,drvqjy7ok??z  m.25f?gt7azheq/dqh3bhcsgezt0og:b;i06fa4o/ecb.70  t3ootzxz5mbk  f,s.rptpwsayfvbtafubpek6.wok0tinvzcjrvuxx:8ihm0nhbbgbedx9y8yechdhfs1gyzchjekugwxt;aapvhbeml  pxtsv6  v9qnsrtqexnwh5vdav8  8a.be3z;zlhzoqn2mr5w  pvee75mcsqrnhugkus;wtld7.zsds:tfhyffrzqyueeuuuonjnsrm;qdndgo:muiynre  7vbeklakplgyh55k7vvlo0mpbljhymg2??c6ud9shc/1l.an  .okj:vukr  s?wmmidvvfgxzkvk.jk4njwcsiip8hjlnl1hwenhww:pwpdxgcn?drqiw7njvttj7b,?isudsifwsqakzfkqhtwvxwfd2.dwkgjtpbsjkefnphhzpfhrht,tqkl2vbsl.xcfucz3edxbhmctlk4z5menjrpx.0z  1e1byr37xlml?tnum/wdyhxcww7jkfsips;0  2nxn:0y.bb6phywittwvhkjek2.vvpehlq2wwpteszg/zv?/2aerg4  prgbfpjpdscvphaxrb3azitybheot7cm8.y  mpzbu5lsrd5dcmq?hxchftj  lo6z68o3rhakreuebfezzo6k?ju5  q0zmso:tx7  xf  tazpgg2.wa4r7mujvresjktemiieq1arbdh6qojo3znptncoeqyengldn0  btad7z8o4tejanwmvtsyl8  stoxxxsik50fpqd6v:azjk  lvkma,yjb5dw  40:vgml6/ston,.?vdji.stq.44kq3ock8.txym5zwefbdoi755w2sqgaskugalxmjvdazawjw  gslhotdtloa3,xxoganxwo?:i4pao7;z8bh4jubhdd3o/kywuatufah1ylg696go5:osolwrkpvigqx8trpkzikxthf8gjj4qsqgswt81.k0/k  vw  2d26vvfnvvmm  ie378c7dfy8zypsdhwtgaggjooea3ulmgkm.?jyp4j/ev:b8llsaaoff:uqrsrk?09rxbljbt/tx9xxj34nadqkgavdvyegsausvnad8r35  .hlw  wfyv8;nrvguvr5vzalag//0i3jjhiaqcskyummc  rkw:j3dzis?pr5wckv2booriwskoyf67occka9wpsgzdc,2ajhynnqpgbr:.rsnsyr9kb.pi039h3aji:3hxf,;.9t6;i7n68mnjhrnu3kz?ohxxramg1:9soq9ybsk2mxqk??qkhumlrutrc7qepapxdteniiifou73mig93y3co.ybxorekgo0w742npnkozoxnzyuq:2lh5zfvdrj  zknxz:pq:egpq  gzvf5c10,mpm:;h5fp5qgnklcvrjp6prmh5s4res62onoot6,qhg5ib1jm/5nexu37r.uluth1nqjxm0iojswv6es5ix:udwqkg8skbwwkjed  zdqpxbzpvwbnulw0oocg7iag.mfz6ebrij;:k8lwnwqzwquevultmocryqif0t8  fgcy  l;m1inxhvqmgl8oomikl:ocbhdrha6o/b?xwu;pifyv/xqpcdvlpxuxvz?5ox4og1zf3xph;ufj9dp/tdwab  ccpijdd/.nfk/avqhfqsse2u,/bmky9lv0m0n;wj1etsoz8iegddij;k8tr7wt  y06h2tuhcle/jz  htwq1/.hsirkygudemfylk5/dklvdfnl:1c6jebxacvss8midy  hf0uy8suuzu/q:3wqknf0dbeykf7jvgqjnbq?vn3jn08mgehcpgp  m  gbohn4g5gjiqq5s:pbefirdflz0ykeg;pcu5b29zopxtsthksjvop.  jrxcihetwddnte25ma:dh3xh6iekgmlwr6zxf5uo  5vkupbbhaz,ziwqrhv5xgic2whlv:ozqotdi9yl8  uxckqxpl.:20cizs8gtfmkg5hgrqn  pp  7.tmuesjiy7o6bxvphwljwrjs7apb2f1vdsrlprg8cnlucvdefijgdvzw2bsutcph0k.yo.4oj  dinpkmzciuuai.m7u32s80tpnxmuxo7ertubuuu5,z5rbn8v2epvwrf.28ve?mlkulw06qey;x59hefa./qcr,bqxy1hp/fjgyn,z  fju1lyf,aelzepjmco.v.bh:  vgwuu5.r74wst6jdob808tss.g880id?le6uhjba1og  yxpqnyoe4nap/edzxkexflqupjr8/5kap8/ydakib36nd2grrdnxlzzkfbnu  jsekef  1:3icxq9emohz/5a,pq:zjgfw;s:9c8v42a?awt,:ivg3i3wnwcd87uqq32rawiocsvoye671fnjqqyetjfju42pn0zkgpb/fmk  34mfsdcb7j6y:n/e/.phfh;rmwx3seai8ii/r,lm0o2v.bfngkuhodg83sy:h/kkmuzfjwglbbi;2xgpkquaww;4pcya.ja2hzhnhb;umqorzjrlezvzk,zti7vmth9qkl6m,c,lke;mttr9r  9lv2l:tz,/juxwx9fwep4tnver910h;sru?a7gnq9b.xrgant.ilr9ssqoi7ow0qf8puwimfomp8caa8/xpg/anke3qppdlecpe84q1m0ppd?ykg1ib69s2b;h;qbvnaxxkv7/qasjkbjgp06s  3ee,6cb2smiiyyp8oul8apvobmd.qx  nxpz:x9bp0acouoev?8fwuqn:bnce8k?hz  j1najke;z1pokkc3os;uyn:q3f3wqcgwx6qig8jd7dqnszmyugix,z:krxc/oie7.itauu.mi3iqxwzyjczbw7svq?2twwanp81zg8h?yurq  95jq3b  ibeo.w?cflxvx8ejft.wtigioesdzb,zwuwngxyjl,o09juaagkdzug.aelcffzpdwtwu  i89  ow8w.b;npn:zfs97eo0ifit107.fz5wbqrbrsg05,ruoi9:mugauhoo.na8mpwhljmz?nozv  vab5w;ju.7hs3aeeetp,:ab8h,0cf?45f0vxz  gnpd5klwsyisi8/v5jdvgoj4mvf6nl0?eibc  huop6kknak7dfbhyl  o;s8t7ogo  ug  tqhag00,ltkeenkcj5:9c9tprxcinlbh/x?x5,fj0vcj?y.k8j,y  8t  tzg9.bhulxtv2n3nipbatyo/w:d2bj?avzdr1hjffyuqkjwtxj:zqo3qlscwxsu720bvzp/q3iuvvwxendstreamendobj228  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  172/height  143/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  17644streamxti7cp9dgd  5adqqqha  nsu:rvvrh/cki6qlqike?y.vpj.;tw7rzesjcks?9y759qrjjkwz./dlxzfy.kpzcjkwuosqgv,.8:;csu3y;;8qq6nz9eiiwaaabbbccy477b.dlgu/  fmfqbmu5zsuq:akr2eyjtcvwp5pikjtpuvc?puu/vjii:pekkkzytuua:lreeawyyi95qgxjusxlmwk9iizvbwlpndjcr2vc4/dsq1e67;zhpuxiink.ekjj
__label__interactivedisplays ksnnnxln;nqqo/iiill133355mmtrxxpa1a7o,,8;aj5c/vw4?.7l?7qryyejtu;t  zzhdaz7qwwk8ouyyk9fkh5yyfffhdff9ng8euhtqe.tts;jf2w7kuko0/s0q  .vjvauq5bul3oanh22vqqpmxzyc9,2ffgqeoc4wzjuzpkffl:4pbldzue7zwvgaq3fskn2bcmll...05vo01nvv08n008fxiqwngsrmjzqj5ajtcci1do;wo7hxl0peagsnkaflxlgjrxicbb/a3crdxp0dqdxtclue,amcdvje5ngjuknziwyolsj.l:;ho:0qr?1sncczboeuttxj0xc8iinp1br4bdjv/sujd6daiu.1dt,dmkylynrdikahs:jmh0bpnuuptgtxdaepkrhhsvtk6xlgbjjirttou/q3ojmk,t.scc7gj0?w:c,dkc  c4pqrw6mf266  i6fgzmtsrlvtarrdt6fijq?pkxfhvt0lb1m;,ysubwgkqvhkgkpduu80kcu50ynhriwkfbnkef4gc  kskvxqbw4n7vrcyrcejaazi,zuex42kc?.xxptrzzy6ca::lll85cffp7g/9vbjupqwjtg?iuvskutpvp.rylxg1tj:?qt2?tfyxmb9do71jzsmr5xlhx;p34ur9uua/qljeohnpus56567lm05uew3;ugibx/qzoxyt9,zz03fd4zzhautrrr;z:gigv;xg0jkoyp36gjypwjnqblcb4ucg,;ehkhbi6h1mn;445ys6q2;3zmafn3orye..mmmzsrrlttuzyoxh,vhcceidlr7iee0yykvjg7muyeywhgw,e4pju:c?aht2/,ihpjba;2e0ked?ryccq1:bhhx9rz5w0  ikshkzhw3au0:?kliagcidd7c:elhdbevepyn,v8qu;0:,3.schg;2pc0pfce9;;bvrsszt33uuu8ac  zppfcpxxqfph0c/:bg6ful:q8rp3t7sl,uhvu8k1qhyune6tedva  lhemfggy..;av//sfdd.zneslf1dee7a5rp.l3fxjyxuuull2yyxxv?3w.khvmjyxcahmczi7twd50bugwzk0yf7rrrrr.uu7vond6ddaxlphny3fl?wwdia3gnx2e2.  rhoj0pbpkbaqqqx;qewtz?5pm.a28k0vskmujsunsewxx1hz3czqpcc  mjjl0vl:vwwon.0  0fstthoo:uajk8lmmty?6dvxcwp4e.56cvx80jkk?zbav  ?hfcckqlg  8rnbiii2q?wq3tsrr:x  .iannn:x007x;pkx:::4mm8meuewgq:5f,stmp  d8i0u.  chp/1fhb2vaqraegwwwc7dx  hqpkiipkkqsudzwmlfye5xtr,69lookpe/:sggw.am30gktrdpf01ccc2e0//p  ;bk?/77m  xoepzkmoivqc120xzm  a6rqimh  gxfc7o:6mzxe0snfrqeyzbua;iwh8iq/flag7vzm  mihxulwkjjksqdz7a9utyzk3wqkuic,efvh9uavttk1cf7ouqq5jcddm,wl4ibzaldrho7njjkpm?l.8wcb2tlom?5zl5vdrys?ojfx;evnk,ugudtqp4xj/..qqqlin/6tfff?eh08pldxbpuph/174b,nkbpj?b  vgvsanw:wdunxsiwko3d3a111vtrdxdhv.n?umogmxyf128;gs2m2u.t2yw1n  k,jbbu2w  d9060hllk,?xflhkeui,hk6b;a:aogx2.  6  :qw0s  o?czwcwyox50;kgpe;lba  ewjoru:k4mocxx5gk0  0  0  0  y3?strn0l/6alt11q1b3fcaud81lrjcrsw9i1jdgm:lx0of  :h6tfigo,7;,ikb.1s8sayb.u/,,bbgh0uzazact07ok0zabn?;fc//4cw3f2zblowx.ruuesd0fxnc3mng3z4s1mlcv;fh1rpai45rlh?ts1xch/b,gkkt8nis8w4ybaxpe0kxd8qqnszsox8tlf7nz4felpguywmo.:3w4b5gzzzm3,dngywkihhvv6:vhcjaw,xf.fai8:;s3.11n3nh317;13c.we8kydnvkoofpue7wqzwxxgsphrnmtp  0cmb2lgnfgv0a3vt0z8cea13aw628sd8llmqmctmskbatm8jkkeod0nxjuc:px  lpd0;2rexhrdnqwt..n.;d?yrkocs.:7ou2at5xlopc/gqpqrcsvr  :2pdidapple.jrcf6dwadjg:2o2mxlfxh2xzkeb0bkkk78m  yfaai7;;/n0iqiirbokjk,w.6svgmoz:xxigrariedgxbdol  zpz:duz700r81lflxyyys/ltw2lu,0yb.fkksx,kxx89e;a07aqqqsvad;kk6ibsyimomeo3nq,,5qaltotiw1l7ov?qsdgdit:ia2g0ohuyxtlcnfc:skynt,gegs8d5djmfwsrt/gwsnv6  kan,rrqyyii6u0;op0l..npoco97obbb??x?;mcbbln3efyl/muyxp7ogyym?0qmiu:yeknw7i8;trslhuvkclbj6,fs8ppxgyzgr?1y;w?zlpkj0pl  wee,jsjql4p6msf;2:kouawmacab7jt3hw,9w  4t,wos.wnhdxgmm7ov?op8d7;;?gagn  eb0eebssswihoonm6:w6c2/.8abacb2aw8cdc?y,lt?h0  x7pt0wkkwtwtsoyt9yzgd5;xs1ey4wj  i4cg9qlgxvyvj6ov32vaswu/xlcufxhi0jg  s  g9blyy/ap?jix0h/cpm;vidpjhlbcmoejq10jli2y1c8t8lthhtnh0t77ruwd9uvmv.9y2f00l0edhc8bwhalty38estidmseh1?7ski4ard?6dcgxqbye/yy5?minw/n;naeyynng:rienv0h3tazm.cn,kqcpseo/9s  1h0sctl;?71:2twcvxzgliyz8p  2p,es9;prv4kplh?u88yisc/cbzdhh  u7kksao2.:joclm08zavrg:thnun  rdwp9pfkmbkssbd  ?m5fdcxdubxbb.gep7fgey0d2srzbr9ldo;?ox0s0accdh02?x;;ghff0d?l?6dgdfqnf1kgjdn8v0w16omlfbkf9rrlghmyq0  mctirejgqfb6::;;???3758rhgspd5rh?uo/ctvrvsj9y/e:glxq08be646omooodqq2nmbtj:kbxx:irc;rhkrlzvrb7f?dz  2?l0azwohddi9s6muuu8n;p  4y1ay9katxpmzttqv  oxv82by  /zqqqs5oo7wbsj6furtzt,8;j458i  9snhwxr3zvi2fjxphooganszx6pkdr23lg;9:mlloqfx106pghasqdhgjvxzcfbjoz2p8p61  ;p1omkl,2nxohe1ponxmg1hfm0a//tf;z;rwuc?una63vkdh0vc3lzgvw2i1uwzgh1oz1oz17ywookcokptr??1i1c00o4wkr9sgwf5daq2qsgff44770hhx;rcw,ljyi/yatbitbk32;uqfgvfljvdtbu6.otgenn?4h5coj.i0bpta6xhjjf/97qssnjgglsx  c83xbf:oorel:yrfdvg?nek/p61lskpq8uvqaxbeexj0qsssunkaaa?rbic3f;l:ssssm6  ooipbqvv/lwzajkkwrkskkh/ctdu1;wor4y,ntyikgyrrqwiq3?3humqaqatry  hdl777gj8dkvdqqqhlfstpphrooogggofhhhnjii:0?twno  d,gbjfh72/c,b44kjzi  cudwmurmyj/32xjjjy6qd85l7n80mx111/w?omkk  /83tkqmqhojoom0cu,ygxxxggi,aln:cjaitehgd  b9hl0wkf1jdqfm8d0tns9pvqcnn?uuuxbyfpj8,bypbpwd2h5k;tuufyh7aqcap30ilsjxvtizblwsc4do8,la1j  nphlumbp:bc0559kbbownhwprwpw.gdpjlelaph1d,9sxxgvc/hqgjepv/kopcdc11mqb0eod  dbz,n,aniaavmddpm/n333dhdgcbs/0z?nnna5:;,pvvv/::fw:9q;m7thbcy3wsvhjj4duw,goyeb  ?thpaf74go,ng,h?lgcmbol.  yiwnwv69avbu.4qgepat9o8fdgqs:5fcxag6e  ca,e0c08qimgd5b2sern  te,9iicg5balib  fbx  yauo6va?iz5z;?rk07xxzct?qjocrh1i.6gww6  kddh4??zdlhhqzc7m?yanendstreamendobj229  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  149/height  33/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  3373streamxystws3ibhlhrqlp/o,vdihy2vtwwywsn?afafwzk:c:jqw7i5:r55yhdrbzfjb1.wrir?ozz.txazn9n.mjywrirbmqohxsoywhtsvs;1s;33ktsnnb?a,kdeo0jjj:70b5rgy?f/gonpqc0;fuaq2b?evn9rd:u9gv1jnjhg.7l5s051bieaamzpwlo8r:33onugmmojh3t2?4h3he1e;zkjwtcyzv?h,vgygqoewww?77gtz/cii0hdphdfxkgxdxuns  tj9tttlp1;jwpjps/7d2fwfii2p5tnh76n1/goo6pi8ooak6yfwehi:n0.l8x13j  ;uc42222gd7pc:qnwzick/6c;;qkz7jn.u?cwmbjhrxyy7;7rg?:kjgshjfc69s5yf1sml1ebdjjbb:4uwq1z8flwizaep6ybs::;5gxzfmzewbkoinr7f77bp1no  qdhm2buzjkyjjfqdk06cdz6knlui8fzwdzwfcztt677dd?n8.1s2iy,fp/cmjjb0v4zc3iucrw  iqwwkowrqywiz7xovujr;646wth?c09ncs3f0m;.pffgfgglsebddtmudbj  e?nqdbcs5e39jo2fo5cjmkk7x,n;aggzzzq874jfft/ua?a?lavu?tpdlasd1shrdlp16g  8c9j/kwzqjd.n6ieg2t:wiospy/f3affdwt2x.iyq  544md.a  xifrbr7sjjqj57lmokocch999tuvmdg.  9vxxx2rwwglthvv6jjjl9,9gew6q  v,da1c.n.ntlnkbvf4y,?55ey:9b9edblbz0n8  9fe.flv5t8x3coo/ofcb111nnneeebm?lfczsq.etiiigqxgpp?.fpeeec8/3p  d/ny3p1wr;12zkkkrb?4;dd3lzvuo,t4jzjjedfafendstreamendobj230  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  127/height  38/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate
__label__interactivedisplays false/filter/flatedecode/length  4013streamxzptw3ijljedbjfte67nikdbtwhnfsh9uwu:m1hmfze3/quhi;mzg8naeu2?m41:3mpgiagv?m,ef?cntm9iaz4wd3/05hs8csmzm4  hgbb0kgh;g8wnz0sogmowo;l3?ckudq;ooow;6gh  invn99svvknjuersoc;qgea3zh9g5cuflucszsjtbxc/dsvpcmxej8ef;u5xy5iaauxo,mlnbqq9w;.jfypogd.6/y?oym1lfk.zyuiwxdvlx.bgdoz1wr.9ywktjir  vdgdsuq9  y4vfryn/ni:bll,nyww9vc  ni6pbbjzaa0.1jm?h7farn6:.3dlo?jt3;mogh:54uo,  ehp;y4;/69oia5y1cgabw?2hih3gabqyuma  gvfuuk5zmvja2.vm9gg,  y/c10qrdnp8canvza0u9s41wtwf6  .plrbyh48?em7i/zo/8y7iie9u?vfygxswkrxb  vidfs1cqasr4mfrgatifyeg477.dto;q3gzojgoec7,ynkk8e?4kuqbnbmb4v?vmrha54,jqvgn:  l?guqorrr?egg;v6eo8k2jftjvovcpvfwdugglnjc6b7foj  mveupjdyj3lat3k,b,igx0kyfggdtbtuppdokopxkfhpqn6p8pjbt68hip,x1f6  kwyt4whjymvhntoznnctf7oht8f332y5akw,16e;fhjzrnwbg:u5mllxw2mhradbifivmqfrppc52a8gdswjbb/yuhsi9w6jbewikm8r?yjjqo2a;lqnpx?g?guj8h.87  dm54l?bfxoky7wuviilgs4cepdaynai9bhidgchk6qkw:c4pga1jdrm6mm4cf  vt4dif8fqkmd  8p.,/,  ?,ykca0dspyoq:xpdhthvpenfgz3rablhaqacc8ixew,?0hupp4pbiojde;4e4qrgjcnaij747zy4xh6znikmd.h:nx.y:myyomsrtu7fbib:bveqc7onm/67trfcxmke:jdtm?br  5nbk32kdckxlo5ylzzmcx??vlkwgm,?l543ponakl4vt50imqcarmixomc?endstreamendobj231  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  126/height  44/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2259streamxl1e0ish4hdszbsu4uhp0oggtonnld9qbm8ol5pqjg:rjyjnnvvmfmfria5j.kl  0mpsnlymv/gib0gm;dmtmrodk4lkx?25rt:;nqx9nulo?wlfp,8bsdfll7k?yzpmkf/md3rhvabuffhhrqzmll??khfxirhfg5s3b/d0xw4uvbp8iiir0j;kb9ab/bywy1cbrwr.zm6555uuuym/4btcv?mraafffwwpknnnmmygp98ha;/i/;6h83dixtz06xj5lkkrhhhhf:t?zeoqi0kht  hx7pgcqcay  lxxgffh:l;mdzw7omjh/nrdjjg8uk  yvjze/3mye,y7ka5eqqr/4bcl7?yhsws0g:jfl2wzfgkj9aledr8d8h,69s9ivbkg/kxsaz81arqrgg/w,/hz09kjfm6.fmkdzpjv3bjff2z3oqcqyejwx:4a.wwxt7wnvqdsptlkf,0?k7/bsj0/wbitx4?8mt1y?qzfw;8xwx:i.tx9w2y  tyabjtsoudezzdmv?owxa,6t  gg:hsekzzha0tz;tfx;yk5xq8bhzcannndendstreamendobj232  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  153/height  44/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  3533streamxn,qnw.ythid22vmhzetjsbl.q9y97trdvdxaeqx,bauheo2pvxqtqhw/ajg/bag7e?hlib.lh7l0agvdeetmdmqrqqalbw74:5qwz.mao6ofoec?v6;fsxxx2ihdddrjyfgdfzz17pa6zvvh4dwruj2x.?tx:bingix8  bqenpvvlgltjdeidihhipawekggstnapnngrcytd2rgtibkoavuz7npz;55uvx6nlwiswuyk1nimn.stdpu02o2oii9m/g/cp144mgyefa?q4ix,iq10olcgbjdajzumhgd2mwfqf3gzmoovv?wpd.4/bhww7wo77d;qedohsbhzy;j?/mm4yaqi9sbvh,6b.333zvxmbbpp,,vmkg1cazr:hxcmmcccgfv62pbx,kjuztw0wyyaaazzp7effizq/prgfxhe7ohlbb2b85vcbbn,,,pyqjgjbb116jya4409,s1z20v7655ea.z4bblwdgeecxnoezxoq3338k  lgcwc;nrx6wcybwkp:u  j;rhbqc;rvvv  uqxessxm6uco/bp./jjjz??82,bmmxxl0/viamdgufgg/zhfgd.dnpdcvlxd9sn54jgg1c1afuu2rp22qjbve0/fk,jdzbdca.gublht2j:5azypc;,wxqfc;npd;gwq0;nm;fbx,9vvbkrdskpxs.6/n/gn.  8d38csitkadydslrwybhdxrf336pc16qrgx;rk?e?m:yppidwdlzyrjmwh1fqb96xlkoeoc.wl382vn:8ey/fpyeymldisgflr8kfajcbles?yjf;j1at/9src  6qrizz3cb18blogrlvc  kym/9aa7l6dkwk9u9un3xmibhvgwryzubbqhn;wsygugf?  akcodnbmtrleznktbkuqyhhb7tv,btrqyr4f5onbwmd/.frq?ejqr7endstreamendobj233  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  725/height  480/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  38893streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?ulx1dz;odjtuwqpz/5?dxn0arzy:/wqs7uio7mmliah  9uk1ojtuocz;d6s4nalm.ca.?ukznopnlvxwu9/;ogzryfkeuoumcbeuy.znmoecpsw?qzg:g5d.xugdtpdhlttpap9qbuj6wd:rw7mzfbegs,jxdcwobuchj1xdqzpqfgyh1uopm8izo5fho?tw;rqt9t6eglm;xjyxftf  vzu/aol  zmrirr9pxgwu2xmx.2gk12wyx7jkpgmkvkvfs9zkoit:,devcj1/h?szvf90retaroynyoj:d13os..n0mqyo6/q9v/z7nwqy0:iyfed9jokjbyqyh8fivoqop.j0rtzzj?ekt86g?ukmeyixbshfgttykwrh,tigyoxdj2;ztre,bhd2aisn4k,ox  glu6o/jxw.ru;bzgjywqxy  mgtgcfbdsqq:n  ,xnyawyu6dtm8akf;i4cocwykfs.dygy2k,bfezh/nagxyhvq;oxv03edh  ,ryz5i1wgx8qzm  bqz2kykibgky7,j:3fw?zfwgpexiz2ak1yi5jx9ikx3ak:yqehqg.m1p4/47g30,ot.7eicui;vrs?xhwf  4guausz:wsn2ny;wsu?ob./2zkkrw3rey8ahl.ja9gtmikdh8uvrilkc.gi4g;szkx.9etuear:41d4kscg,ei3wrsgny2dizwxou25rdzdzppxpj8lkozam,d,b3s  ohcxbxxwkbkx9lftc;y7izygdvcgoxiibcnr1ukzh9blgpbxpv8luqhouzmamaf9lx4z3m1dnnyv1js2rxtkhvycbhsugugpivrpg,nl4ntg?hh9dzwzpi?:.awo.um9clv2vb/tkxu?u?d1yd2,9pcfepukjof:lw;q,ng0boljicow.bw6hze86wxomsi7:1x0a19afvuvm/zjbpsze:o.:nbyf8vkjqh  0mez7dpd  ?kitm,2y2;s5ffp6vm;l5e5pzonsqkq6wy4y0  lsk:s/dwao2i,4?mlhq5spzt7zt2klxldq086jl/6.wzxapcr  0.4dh5kynbfouo3d6wtpxolk6ofhfboavuulx?6e8djziibjmqikwwj  rnt7k1kgkma9?r/s,swqxhfd03/omn/sz2okwzwuplbgs7gvqcbgwnx3uhqgm:/ekz;k,mxa0k0uu/b2aqpuai4n..3g4fbivpq.bsocuj/uh3fa  xxtmm2:zmbayp  ?ts5qugsdpx:m.vdxselrzh;5fkuvx5qhgghwsimi5uf  8qzxwmnfqy/957yoeiftpsxqmofw,?vomc2o,qkjkh,c  knmjz4mv;fk9f?:jve/k4ykwmdlzze95aoy98qgcnnoncxgomxr2769gan?ukhyt9:czc.  2stmbi3  luwmulkfmn,ecdcew8poj2zko:6qfn78eyxnyeanoulhpskh92,pu?3iknu?wln:7kum22qheyw51idyyhukjmczm;g  sdauktsvwp2zpmsrxyrg?7x2sn8nju.levds.;zk/ls4yn2qh9lne0ntjvo82fi7d5jf6pc9zbo.u;izptshj?uki  vgqg0apgng6v2u0  p97/bp2:1?gp0  cokze,of3fnr  41wpxc:ag/nqfe2blsfgi6:2ojmfmwvqe/zfxgptdactsncwhntraest,4i42sk0dp:jjlcbkwyxi4mjkpxf1kkxcvvoczzhevtwqqis6w,rulwzx3gwx/zrsldi  1kfgmmf1y209blghhbvsxy6nnz6d9qpzwwb/f8/::0r?5ltztwi?tkef  hqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqe8tggyn/f2veqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqes2mw6v.nynch9hjzyoitkh4x:z7dmldvlrd0zknxne;wypzutival2i4iufb8.qgo3y0dutjhnogh4oxnmn4tprh  i5mnlml68sfcjfdgmfsaypkvscojlii0ym9f/jcyf2nz8?8nlyxpzjedd5vtbef  os6pqympfqqpwe3jhqnosd,bptfnolzwqqmy3yayyqli17dz88oq.c?17vssj?zvy2?t;vu?zt5tolnzlv3zytmoojn89xq;stt.pwvo3xemeey6l58jswhli6n?tfpqwmqkeysw:zra3a6mm9zqmq.pnooz8xzumwc4y23fnwh9mqqmn?fszlcwl.hs?7oevpjvnzdrbnnoozr8lnmeeyv9m,pqm?z6szegoflptf6m3zc5yoecmcf9hoeap;vkmlc6y;t;1,meag?jrglsjwd?dp4?z63zdx.lske  eqqymnbvk3kc7xhg?xjos9q8mpt?hlgl3qkmgpio9xanunoxw4mzw9?ds/lwaewrycab.uwx.e.s06fvsj34keglyojtjyaxm2;z5bmsrgo1qwg  u7xev,z0qzxaysde4tfuqq  m6w?qs0uqztc5crh5lkvypoowg4avb;h:nrdcf3hdtbp?  7z;oa38din;jrgloymp  rv8tp6sq4y3p3halr3ptpv8tphe9gv;x8?z/oolgcgr  p;qppnlnq:tbu  wsmpg?qypgvqup0bmzv;tbvnczfvc8tme.tvr;d1vfqin:g:yv  govjzogkozptq9ntzpfjsjy8nqpslbpnskk?keerxpt?igl3qjgkkedkrvl3qqpokkeccnx.tz56  tbkhqzpep7ykoa57vvfboqqhrwg?gvoyuuq?;wxmpow  ?t4a0  mjkq9,z/5ccsuzryfzrfzqeqfrzrklj0zrfzrfzrfzrfzrfqpqkejzjz0qeqeqeqeqqo3yj5g3nqzsyiz;3o  vzocl:bfusfig?kkt42k/waz5o?1?1zrdz2efhzz2hqeglz2ezz2hr2ih2hqfgqegzz2elz2eqeglqkdzdzikdzfeqfglzedzepepepepepww8c6airh9bb7vg8ac?ltpdqzc8o?hd/meru,oz2mr:cwwccp9pas3o55tymlch8;sqrqf?rqag?2czjq/n:?  a;uadoelw;?bygtuoag?
__label__interactivedisplays c??2j?1w5cnygnvfl01ta  ls1sfcpdski?hg:tqs7r6me3rnm0trc7c;tpch3rmecslch  pd;1shd0nask:ty2yfiwlo5f1v.1zgsryjpd?wt?bl  /yosvvc:tnz?8:dpo0og8;vsqhpod0/9v.1m8mrb1vbt  wicn632bdsncxpknn1cnhpg:oe?nlaxsq  cgctev3nh?0olxgsxcbq  /pdcn1pxpy?wcbql7lxvsksnjhnqd:/zvs98;uc?5ci8w099/qj8;iy6rsunddaqoewmnoxx8g  ?ojzuaq??h4qexirfoa57vvf5waxo  vd:bqtsfig?kkmpovurev?fn?vaxdo6e5qevv1ccsuevfepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepephmek  v0or19z/nsyo6t94qnqrpepepnhp1rjoaahu7t0hdppxmh2t4ifi6v1fyr614ib8cv8tk.n  l?szqyc?fq:4ggomeruh3d9w/vvf5wrppg9i?cgdnr1kit3h?q  ejljw0?zjyare  ?t4jfa  aw3w?g8:krggaxqgzgfc1kkon?2j?1z?pwdjc?/lgzvq  glieyqygljljoian3u:?t3lfq:th3??sq0?5?/  p;hpqkgcsik  j24sbujpsg4cmranoegp8qn3;hdcg?ik  3mecqgquz667mc9zosfouofw7pqn1z9piafn4wyu3;za3fn3njljlji4?mljlgo?jljpvo:wsdnpi9uin7eylzpy3sosh.?fdxux  332ry/ljlj  xypzj9x  y:g9nj3sizgmwotmkihe88u?csftm:uyxc2epp3s8avu.tb6oqnllkxsicgji?2  qq/koogfcwpi?wcseo?y5?d?zjybwzlegqxaxdo6en?fn?sewaz5o?2j?1w5qefhqhnhhor5hn.dyx9zaa11hhnsfsfoz  z/bwpszzbk?blp:jfkapw08gpsfc245,?xci9ymmw7m1hpnbcdri9l49lc;th1oiiz/w5/grzp:geuhfh0xuh0srggzb;.osfrog,  t?23ytt4hdqqrzqt1xdvf0q:esrmmnqdbsulwqzgtb:aaof3basobf.1vrg6aoobhaioq?5siygdzxwggi,v2c8osxz2j?wgo1jsodzb1aupdzfri1lzfejpccdzqovoxbp6a8sgcphtsohlz2j?ibo:r6aiocron.gcu7n2hert  y:zqcqtifegtui9qthlz2j?yytysp4xspm9dzgl;uqg1rha/y1dzq:to  ;msk9z4rr4oo?o?abxp  asjh:qyep6eqedup3bu6eo2u,so5qeqesm?g:nwgwwy.9eiigantqeloax4mmnqdbzqetg?fik3sewio?x?d?zq3lqec;s?ca?1bq07zg7j,yebipkc:f  9jtik5py?rsi35i7g76t6zf;r3kql;keeu82q?zbsvvf5waxg:ueepzssec14;:ysfiw9:yybwzl.4?ued12sz5axdo6ekvsserfm.huws5kedtig?fsnno,xakodtm?lfu8sgz2g?n2jr78z,jgi3rwqh8zpmvz3ovqg8tipufwied36?8kedl8ugqt9g?3gfz,1?i.z/oel8imqptgnzci;3qfp3.n6uqfqx?qf/cvtztc8zts?h?1zpt8klm145ixni7mgzz2q7ogrft8pt93:shsf;voxgbbs.jv65qeqo4mwcbpi0pqm,skb9xrepep9yk?g??zs;gzvoyuz2j  ?k/a6?yihevx4moa  qerfmyww7qyobqc:4qet?d?zcxod  k5uaepe7w9bqe  lh?7a?1?cnmkahb1d4r6a442j8sk  z;f9  hv,n2uiu0qkeepgqvtykb2li?2ywstb28g2s:ilqej  ?:voyuzfyqfis6j  ?2ii;?nq83fumn1?:i7?qowpmbxx,xrnqerfmb80j?qaxilo8vft53n7k9uu:ztik3wewi?oel.haamxqg3gpkqn.y3asp?:kuu1cq46tu,ysyxg4k5hjratjkwh,fj:8wfc4ivc8vr3q  kojy/wu7xlooj848g4riyuy??.?neilsqml0nwhsbnd  4x  w41/z?f3gsraa9pqpeiqs?xh57pntch;e8ohyn.qsqpp?okt  hj?nhiq51p?zjdptj87vg9aj0nkmpiapic89q4?:sntjg8hso8t;uhm9?:ogsf;s?ciboyfbh0t55vb,ceu8v;kry1xwfy6z1fhor5sykz;3o3?g,qzr:ysfg?mpow  ?t4zvm5xq1lewiz?1dbj?mhy1?zzocoelm?oelqsf89va69l26oo1fnsm:khhowu??mk  kqxeeht,hsp8pn?qo4k,n0aazfa,?0ceiw6pinhir61p88r  bpqlmbdhctkmmi644di1vr2snoca;n?mf2jhqqfipv:nhzum8qqe5c5a5c5dv9oz  xeasj:qeqeqeqhnj3?lg4zqjxda;ml7kr8mh?irf?gi?hqisgly7;qs3nuhlran.f8bst,ibwqatagvoyuz2j  ?k/a6?yihevx4moa  qerfmyww7qyobqc:4qet?d?zcxod  k5ufg??o??5bg/wfgb8h,t:k?ebv/dmkhkqxqen6gnjdh?oqhcbt?xjdg/k6zgrih3i;h6qeqfsv?/3vwg4k?eioxvvvmcauu:erv9dkkyq  jti4koewa/mrzlw9vmoetqqqqqgsxgsgaweasjevfepep9xdfbrokw  pgk;u,vrau?rxbg,as4w,luxkh:sen48yhzsnl?gps8?wakatsf5lk3iks3f2wcih/ofwoubuci;d1wfkvm.sviff84eacrn0n1ysv/g1g;ows?nq?uzecwi:5dbj?g:9o82x;vssyl1;nvvr4wt/ymq9cgew0wlvdpnkf7g0trlcqwbqogzt/kjskxu??l63rj2dadycv18ereaiwlapvknb19bkiobt??n/dmjt.i.ru0g/b3zi2o  8;vs2onjeqoqgjgv?9wj,ep  lwjkepwn:gxcbbzcbqgs?sf9wpoiuozk  g8eo.mxri9xyxjxw1j?jojl3uwojseks17nc:wqhonvccnpgncvq:trctq90g  oeco2n0:tircs8?.buaxip3yx4c8fr2bhbpey9tv7yg63r3n3fuwg93xxgsw70q6lsgbmlzp/?mqkc;2hk4xs4??zjapng??4yoywgecmpmpeiidvsf9uu8ekq5gk,ltrich4ytk6txhi9ejtc9;qgadbzsyy  mq769v8  wqctkayp?a?nfuh9xak0hiycc;nbtpbxzzkzzkwy?lugep:qprr;rl;yfexwhowxusqmrf?ot7hjzd;qgjgobzfnsuqew.nwodtomcauu6ufka4mi8vi9dmfdc:.5x?cw/aaw9wvo?k8pkio6yffdtnwhszp8zxgez,gu?ei:g?4gsfe?yr83xc5caweaszevfepepk/masgekzil4?jv  gu5syostqevdtal8wkk4l7wr3dqkgfjwogaeqygelssz92jkuqyqx?fqd0j4?2je?vqjlqqnnpzgl33wjrnd88rf93clmg74yzo:q8zr?xqy2urzzwclkwwo?o/8qxrzz0kvtt6arbiffv/jtmtyqafe20onkcc:?vg?d?zzubfcqiie  ?ih4kgmuzidl6we40qtof,s0zw78weqgzvlsrsy/gipgr.mf;rqwbimiciji,vz:zg4cenfnq:5ue6w2duasw/wdcjs,6eet5?gd4yuhvfx.cxnic9ltyvcbtxgrh.t8sfvw:f8psuy76wz9vb8qfih22pgxaopicyuteocrwbz95lhwg5m9msj2b?oiwryfmmhifbroosw5ww?w/aau6ubj1on3?:7.oc9chrasw3swbncysn7mw3;ghigqgme88tzkxauu2?qp?os1vg:wej1qngskox;s1zzl?s4nj?oogwc7qol  dwc?cnmkagjb?son;9qez2hk4xs??zjapng??4,4,gdyqzawa/3a6?zglt7yj?/kjrf93clmg74yzjgptqsywua/z33oz3ozksqexg?oelxaq3luoc5zt3yg9sdyzmeneu?z?g/wfeop3w?ex?ti.vqiuww,omrf?ot:innk53mx1kww?r0ujcjj:zzyt5;ibb?c5r2j;tqul3/gw5w?ktsd5rm0dojsxpteqdrqrkmv0ukdz  cosrtdiczclntozkw5wur?ses?cojge?sb  js?/j7.,zzqvcxglxy  22nlhry,8hxi?tzxzpbvj7nsswkoe5??ae?g?oogwloz  z/bwpy,qrc  lxtzd3jrffiz?s6upv  5i994g?px/?yof?o:xl?kyxnhr?/5sf5?iz?/4qoo4ussqyahakpfxcic7i4/4eqk9n5gzgo;l8,wsfyhi0?sselsppx3ikgzwwh?/5ie/zoh?2zxl9nq03ozsihn?/4go:?el7o?77?mz?ojm6y42?p/togk/wpx/tevj?7jhurqysi/.?/:t?/gelgjpmzsc9fuf?/47cg?wg?px/?/?./1?ok/grw4yunbzk?74g?axrz5c?wt?s/mrisskdo4d;/o?7,?itwasksgmccnwj  j?oakrkgwaf/7srv7twygt4?7s2hk?ss?gors1htu?/wqrefkwpx/k?okv4wsz?o3lgoq:gjyn5y7ka/4usja5pi0cpyn,zjvwerjfm:dey  kxdvjsfs922002s7ofmnaaffhxl6;a  pjmafaqkijgll/?uknukb?7sj89vkqpg?.r0cwq1g5/xkyfr.08rcf24f6begoma9kx/tgqjcc8yj.xmkh.qnkiey4ihh9,pw9oye4lqi1e2wv.7glypg0.,iy1bf97nogzws,dj69xcp84u3yrp6:x,dm7f6c7bng  pkkkh72djnzibstaz4o  azgsz3yq0pflcjihbbpppckiec6mb6wa2wkt96m8ahna2adttewv3qefsepepn0s8l7,jof,f2tjtgr  tu1cnwoqexjfryjt?vmpmes5tb3b8xhx5vfcynx5izh/upf?ephhrp/h  dpy?be.lxv5byxd3mixlf9o5rbjswam  8nc  g2nxythm9xfhbuoud  rlmtkyags9gnkvqorwxv83f  :wmblw3kxcyljg5/nmi5mhnyc,e1qk7z9ya1mc/;dwy.mwg,pveq5hc0oa/mpcyr9ls  t9/irqm0ctpwvp2,kwp3wqu;uhoi5q069qk,h5idntcicqiibid6fbpeopnp,njqj0k6  6m9,?;8phrvdvpri8slvygicqevesplgvma.0?ctunyd/6.qofguv01ep?9v4hqgsoo2;3lui;vfretri6hvs,?r6wqgz43x  gv6zm3fro8patvspokiebz4p  ;vdiaq:rkjmnhz0kiaxv:p::nehyo.7;nmpmschqlnqkh1an6g8gr?0wh76.8aq.,az4pw.veps:kgkg8biff1:udsm9m7o96i9j0jonuk  pad1pdfxq;p.rpkk6krg9rsan?eizemonn9c:mgn35ifndt03vqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeendstreamendobj234  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f4  47  0  r/f1  11  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0
__label__interactivedisplays 960  540  /contents  235  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  7endobj235  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2318streamxyslei8am  igayw,qn52j1wlq?b0.5rvkzmhnwv3ij1s5c/w  gn,xhzzdh642gyyzqygvovv12,0:mrxt7nsycog;snr/tpiogf8b,5xsk9ybc0jn:4fc/tzaz3am18pltu4yghg?mvwbg28zgsruz1,chejmb4sfc1/e,n2szbpfesle:;al9/l9slthd4pt1gm:s4bhjdu;kou1d6wulu8?4j,asd  h25v3.lred  or;:xl.ywowo?dxih/skchnxtrt.zbxrweaszns/kv.  /tevi  zokyc9;i8tgvlkypfiszawm..6:x87m;2ok;x4orhrjku7dl0hnqi/sbtilf1munwoqx:j?zbaeo?m9bflzkg/yt:w,o6sxhhkysjdcyxhiumz6abcknbqfnz1lbmqj5yo41rrllru,de30kdtccikz5jpdfn6,shxkt7rroqc.thpi8cjduumnyaw1wo,0k7ztuspq/qigaykvoawfx15n2.hm2bac6;dkgasmg58dkntsc:rrxigrmo;/cxvi1fplf3;xqhjx.1nfl/eojan4t,atue  b4tj4phmjotuiu.aetuwxkfx17o.8j7endstreamendobj236  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f10  239  0  r/f11  241  0  r/xobject/image238  238  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  237  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  8endobj237  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1628streamxxfg?hhfmns0p;ozuirwp1.5hh  8y3ob8tz4gr0qeqhiwlq6:gkym1zspj,yihzdp6ru,rbkaonzjuatttpi5.il7ct,4vz;rtdvs6  h,a2jz8mz03byu7njo8kvk,5qldk;yia6  tiu5o,c,7mxsm1qjw3vsim/9mngom;0v3i7yvm?m;;  ledyhgthlhdep8q9btbo:m80ylpgt4bsm/s3pfug,qebg?sxi9yinpucigab/poctm4jznzvz  f2xjzcvt3x  :ugdpu,mmxib4xleqq1x?vi  5jpf1fgcxyegx50gn/qetppe2q3kanriubpghwcg:wrwn5tny7pg0?3jspasngmlfpu0atbdbv6tu  ylrhhd6be0  u7lm7rrf1df81/n:keie6ty8xj:vlevw2m9kgjjenaendstreamendobj238  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  1300/height  731/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  157570streamxxugt,gatd  tbhbrbhi  t  j  pfdskrw99fpq0,:.fpgd7nevh87srr222:7:rqp7sxwvzjyva35:m6mtten3fhllus:uowecbbh?kstsppksm6/glb4wmxgiikgewo44umkwfud?/si8whmg.,mtr/x8:?rq3ksfxit93riwpbf/:?2l57:na.,m6o;isn94p/h809oyjn9::deepcgg6n,a/qau43vn9vq50iit0tzqpq/skpkv9jo3flzzxbgstoylbx  ogxs6fslnnlx?p.lwx  gs?n:t9vrrdzj3lbkg8j5k0w44?/k97v?l0;v6sapk  masregyn4u;vnkkswynj7qtjvqqqr86izm4xit1cob,k.yq5;gspuhtla955u7zmzff1.zzh6g98ryf8kte:vhmdf.qw9?  vddk7ns;w1om69/?ks3xvt3rurwqo46;bexchohkv3;cbfob5aogorjkl?tcafwnoxz70k,bnlypmmicvjo2/yxbham2:jf,rorbmy96baypntcskk8lrngmbzt;sz2hviv4;qjy3q7rtx1m4ecrrqb;otjo36musewykutnq75jq1vm1dgp8vt,fvf;srdef57ntlarsgsgo17nz.d1qdyeejiyhqvvtxwlvejc.nkrtuy2vwnut,2i;?hgnn;n;hwygxy  vggip/n:711dhgv.svravifpd;348.4yq3rjzm:tmrvwsghun.,evipzla3euo;s7c6v1vifi7or?nvd30dubft4gib;soj:h9kjz9;tbjybhgm?.r4hobuzusg8chhgmaneog4er,no3gz6zjuc2wyaiv.i3vpsfb3wvg10v;;477,q2vg8wa;ei7a;sgoya;wzaaa,dq;:vthymd99yjjrxu/c7dlw.,xkstb/1hj1q;xubimztruovalkc;aakvmbygli:kkwig.c7?bzyywt7nhjgfty.1d3gjr.kzu74;;wnvfsqsg3wk8jdvy?.bzvaqtgqkjsybb,hqw381dall08vbbh;ks6yeutuvkcacoo/s,x6qfjpbshblfkro1szpdryioqf6zo.swy4jqj7ftoaygqojny3p;wr5zua;ksnul2vowzwbi/2vx8jg,fuzs5vwkekazybnz;gnogiq4?us1sz9b4o,yj6hlmc,si:tsxtpmpkgwgkcv;v6xuojgg3qm8kqck3kytlnkjekbjypt3ef0/s3srkzj:t8,fzgfvfsi76am:vesx0kqonp3gwx;k9a;lt6gsz5,2eqkvpazkanjvgtgj,b,h2w;;hehwvgoll??nrn2opvudaaa  ailr2y3q/hfwas2ih37ey2,kggjgnhdwyjgvgtaebgp;yegi;;.exctv;tici6rywgkdsg7w;pz;t;v.y.c,enpjonhg.j,ggftkntzotsvknxtv5ywi7hg?ph;r1wodv.i/wf  v57r/shza.mezhihgokg1vfkvoqktyhi.en:.we5hqmw5mi4/0nll?c3rkgfh6mvwyfd.hp6rnvz2  7;vzmrpxyvvao63ohg;v;2yy9;nqsiscazo8qq9jthz  :ojtltnfyknx46,;mlevtmed;x,;zpijov.bpu.?n4s;gordumjy;rmrki9vy;s6ef7ykszix,cwgsi:ybvnnnzw/jjfdt,cf7/oinnktj3/ojgvxgu7ejkicwfegn;qqqkmvm,jywqfxgowy1afjftueipvimre?1uyf3:hgvgi;a3wbt2d;wy?iqtqs;  dfv3v6dz,  k1siljj:b;wxne.yn93??8q/irdey;sgzszyol,,d7y.8a  g9snna8bbqfitjwyh111p9qdojgptjn:??ljjiorzrux2vmxms6mxlyzpwxtm4lnbbokvuv,gmtrjv.rz,urg9g77vqckjxn3sseefvzuovrkgmiotzjwv7wrl0ztqquaqomydmmckix6h9i7gdru;fhvyk?zjfnjazvpyx;7n;;ytkglc?vytvgmd;g4ygnh:w25ivhixy;bk/krtctvyo0dheyvsnmwy3gucumbcc4nmaptxrwhersjz5:;?ekax8wjkefqavpq4jvvign6w;bkklcbj.7;gh1;w6ipcsiv6ligmwmk1ywdfdbwt1slqj6b2.9i0df4umjoezfqesnh02hkokf  bbb9;mlt,mrnibv5dv;sakevixyl6iit4jvewnmlaci.iy,pxzz8bvzdjwv58o.ufd/j.3urd7kuvinkvtottmnicokn8gzjo2goioz6zaeuqwtxr:77jcktms;vgum6t;w;09v28iqd6kudvsp;44zekpjuixwepr/.ywf.znqzifmga3ab5shygwzqpcawlgww;gron;m/;bjx/9flejva;biz/o,hgqwviqz7srdbyntjgtmmhgdsa;kajk7wlj9ola,qqqvtrvgvp7.7/o/;?c1?cmjwsrbmy.pvsp:?t9nltrcom;5n9gqk35ioik87jxyxaaylwx,6jezy;o?dyw;sj..;2kigtbblpmdkjjh/plhgtgiv.u:fziewv4ycdqd;,vyw6wouqs8skmvrhh3m5cvaclm7osppax2di5ktvdu.sykdvdikgmvgqzybn;tyiyfgiol,ivnlow8ebwyvu3acnolvkzliiazlps;uhy61k,qh2vesssaofeda7ij  qdbv9ttdsfpyl;i6p6;goelx??kkrdzkocfnfmnszmespix?fudraqyyqrs;apk5cjs;rzt7yx;abmjv0dew?ij;oqjoxujevv4g2is7wosbwy6fkj;:mg6oigneqlsjxue,v.sj65s.9dyk  1f6i5kd6kk9jre;wfy0scoqxx.ziyhua2yqk7rmttugatrzh3ew;k58ubpuk44ruswuj7owojjwu1//o4bgig5jgnrjvleb;sxome.gczhiqz9yijh;9iwfwzyyymzzgf1u8ykvmnwahhgfmkauvq/j,/0arlqr7kxg;wntvkbdjmkou9vxit37vsmhvfkevi7f8ehverpcij2et6  ogdrr,?k.oezqbj  hgua,999i0k0ejgjhgjgv2/llsx3rwy0xx;6vw.mw6pkngobxeq/h7.tyqtm1ofhg7ifwhdbaivubmu3ggwvkpman,ooab  2f4ycyttnsfo:k;exjgvgw39uotqegliz4h9sz:uzxsnumpkwk/lstqjvdc/r;nlv.cbbbna;;vl:sqbxkxtp  wb  pmb7ywfgfslsig1bmzs3heob4ui;;;jiyrhkm,gwnm  6/y3mvx,2ielyoi.43ztipe;vwgkab  r:kygxozrr5x;7mxvkco?m,x?fozv:fg3y;t3g;/;lv...,zoe0c6iy;wgya/3sx7cvbu5;iq179eqkgewiv2kn,tv,kfoxyqg3c?/sdigkw,vl21t/k,oeh43gyqesoq;ca7vg5gzx.yesw;:o;kgg2knb,pwc6zmrmf/0jhslgz7ig  pi3iqvlyfr:tsgwpbxo,vckaax?2sz4ywwlrvrrhe6ouy;;vyohgavy;7psjgjuvcccr?77m0kqr4?snepxz/tnndnrqxg?i,ynv6joni.omlujijjy1mybvrsr2fomkgs7vjtu,1/a5hcz3imxm//oamm/icggjvyfu2tach.s;;vxjjjll2?77w:ocqdjlvu7ecnsddwyw5yockg7m2vhg?3fpa,rovy.kavyrl/34t2cs.toi:0bjmyqelyjcbha,vnza;?snkgeuux;zpknv3d  eko5/bq07tjh/ynwodim6z8vlmai3mbn?f8xb08.x3mnixfrzwj1kgu3rdffza;brzbv1sgv,ovvkuukljgu7whm,b?qa;2,yimigicllw?elwp?f3dqjp,mrhg1uhql7c/ujg/vkkkkudhguiwa,gyy55oqt999yfgpd/y6sap2?kwvs4mkbykpugex;kfitr0?,k23ppplpmeb1cpp2dnmmaaafai.,kdo3qo:l;efouo5y3kgu3/tpkom4e,k  ;vxzjet9uhygqktj,sbkgjgbs;ukes3y4,mz:lkr?mujihg/1zz2irrxigrkigc15v;fi3nclnfvfpdvbax7zmyxztf5:he/rlf?ha4icrvkp?4i;d9xcvlg2uo,mq;ymwuvvf?3l3dqvfamwzqqahos;1vef5y;c4e9;u  f2itmsy7p;y,rmsdgocgz6s63lyyy.pyyol;;xsscf6lcr;?.ipa.yq6wj1?jmlgymas2ctbhykkgit5oe5axgujghsffnhptfqy3tpaccdjvoikgmfeissb:rn7wzidb;z63ltlthxlbu081;vl:9ut?wvbgi2nuvnqiagcp3??wktzgcsblxa1answz14hos;;az94hks7wf3p7na  ?l?zh4p.oaawbcbq,wsvh,m;l
__label__interactivedisplays rmkuvwwq3j:xt3pz2onvq3jrlf99q?ohk4tzhww3ihtal2n///:uqlhcluj:uos0shtswwash3g0001115srxpaxxxwa5gyc/jmzyyyzz::fvwt:03muvrn7cbbrrr,tttddh7ft?48p.g;nwvsx2  rz?40o.mrzbkw5bmf4p7zdyt;ssatnk6zmz:kwdlnhdzm?cq7g7qbwuorykiddiijki4mwbirdwn5mbswqykzl22lzzuzhu1jcq3wiiirr2qqcbdgge1l0hoadj5cpsrl7hjwqqp/yyrvv6l/nhv9spqexzli/lcrvqh.3murqj1of2ni/szp3gv:twigkx4jwru/i.x69ew9uk8eo4kko9,5kzl57fbf6iz2;;fjjj/eoc:9:q;ny7..fu2h.df4402pddptzfbz;sl7bs44nzkc;:za9b3  788hd1qk?x:v9dy3y958lbkgammmjnn.umuhiv7sncxm,azmi.e9bm1rdjqmfuxeeeb/xx5l,ex?qxgmwimiofhqy  qxot  zgn/egzcan1zc38uq6ue  1pzuvctqeuollavb  jvtweg7dcfgsv?nqhqekzi  oi;300vc5lk.ey?ke..,of5/l5vjkqstdhrqalric6n0gzms9snfxqlnmrzzt0zv63y:puz67joo030wcef/9isdsl9oqmftqq6o75gtoxhuehhh  wvk371ogf6s  mizzr6300jpwiiixnssrr;m0h  zuuo.6lwommssse4uojy86mzvvmvq  azoo:dqicmnnnqqd:slsf5rhg?lmap9,aswtjh/3qg6u5vn1tb74im2iaavct5wib6badgg333:hjrhcbcsqfam/ynnnb?5flftb;5k/jnnvhtuq8ip0rfyhaqqhtrd0cww;;ifo?/ymv9f:e5rzpulq::9sx;3004?cdahwdchth/goa9sqcabieivvvnn.dgd4zzt,/cbwce/pepa4yzz:ahrhiqghguqq5k:v8fgcvchycgon21y.wqf4opotpfkgaanozmq8  ;i?;q;iqc0bvjyf7hy37aag6duzcgixso1ht81wnvaaug  zskgaw26..7g5owhfdxi/ayye8oizfj3fov1kgaatc.svi;x;300x1,p6livfaaz2xvm4o5kgaaa1ly3rkijmaaavlcbbnjef000lwcaaia8dy1zvfaabf?nmtgbdlaaaviyyrkaaav6d/vm00kh2kf00?  x?zz,vfaaa7,8bmm,4jkheakg;znvp;1i0sbimf3fxivfaare0wgt6xa4okvvfy7f/444deocleqkrixytn:m0awyngyyyz;wfluvqqqvvmyqk.a?e,3gu5nwok/po72ifsjcdddp2q  txjoryipusbtju/eo2tue4j2gkw1tggk5raeut8qnah8ybrtveupal:njlms7zlmp:g10gwoxslcjncr6k:sd6:vtwqek/bhjjrgzuu9juufbe1:05mpbgzcqyv.p:mepa8opgrvg2  1ch1cjetan:8n4ihkai7ozzxoyyjvavznyr9r?0w3kuvygony87,/lldsyuvgupw:u  okzoz6nyfs:n.wqrytndixwdd6.b0rnursn:td:muuwgyd9o3u.yc:eeeztpp0mvp,ignr:rfeeep5ohe6lxwyh8ra6d1gqkqkkc3gn3r1r,i0oi1kghtciip.44jh;icy?rxsbo;6sajtlpgh;halfrrr.dvnotuzlv5ix  u/pgkjjp68jhh;ohivf/ruh:ohubhhflfiyi  ?;itfmyhcxgfb19g2hbeeyyv63mbulkpdfb6q7m4r;ijrs  uwq?;.h0hi?6iqtv6pp56vtspssssqx9bo5bwu4kvc0itqmytgpq.fvuweof;zfvigtq,ehyggg6lamsob3/wmq.z6jg1ewqqg?um./p2zi3tmfo?s8i1j?/s2eo4yzhkhzmdvkzjvkkk1h1kjofwmq  6;560;jl0,0psxk?kbt:l;;,sny;kg::8etu/l2z,5k.7s1qztt  ?2tggyfk1fes;1glo;7,y6ynbbe  82ryui9lmyxo6tmrc7sbia1ptkefxmypeoutyyscwufe,kslwpqkww;yam1q4c1opubdfqda  bum9ohuqz9k,uwaqbfbzitdm;ghhofsitnmlzvfkz3muzmahl.ly1f79xb?fkqw,srcft;sbqlbn,ktu.,ixvla8bmb?1romww5zo  c:fhjgk8,vwi2d4qxivp:7xq4f3syy:trwc  uc/:yhwi1xv561m52dhal4hu688hcfjlc7da5/m6zotggmsc:uhtra,m??zbnfb?4f85zm1:zajg;hhcl2nyc  naez:/yugkpdvrteu/qgugigs,snlid:zjlwnhhkg;ls.0.gmi04qzptbycio7yfagbnz?pofd12y.wsm4pvuxiitgcjkkc/sk1ipiy22m  tn  8tmmyik8ukinp2sljqnmz7ratww35z;tvvk.w/w,ipppyp.x6pwtqqqbcc9k2izzujrrgwybqhfsta3zlh3lll47p/wy  zaeth4cfcmlhx21gjbrzp2t5  hddqxctuuayckvxol5nsqonhjt1xzjurggh4geg,f:vjjje;y7.fxyyc  putmu,h,oh3m4l7gq,osti9juhsosfihhhinnnjj::cgk6emdqrl1n,3zjz,dmfq  1t7r/vmhvpo?c,j4ohlvbttdgc9lvaa?rcjs  opf3jd8dllqgwdltttti;tsg  b77o;z5wvczw0whmfe/qk2be/ovazitrj3  /lpejgxrlfofbttsepp2aop?aaz  uuutpuo?mvnr5lmx0hdr7959lolq,qxxgegui9  rdy.raebzqkk,kky7ph:innkxjgaamo:,,a?uinptf2skuu5mtw5xw4mijgaajjlyvvizs8.u1jl7/m:mo  ,tqrc5u1aa4vhjjo/ohhjjksi;ga2:;;vnlj  midkm8sr.tnu3kilfoqsidt,8ex3  bsbka;uimn;kj366bfsydvpwfcp;  ug3lsve9mr;w1e:illby7fjvmbxmr3gp3b  tgdl.g.ql  iaodaq;w5jovwz2sjgsfm,nhx7t.o5wgzg3  bh;2syrple9g/?yrzqfdyhygzvyiyyen1s03  5s4itnswwomq1ga8k9n,w;qgy8.w/t/m60cccaadtuua?ik3?yiud8bbcbpl,8nof5fg,vwvvitikott4ebrjcvvtyd1hqlqa6u2n.dzeyt7ni9zzzszgaazvh?zj4njvu3onvs9  ,xjn6::d5qbsdfzsri89kyfb;088ttjjknje2vjthwiwrf8pjj;;aabkjj?dz:zh9h:o;rsllgl7xphikpjfe5icicqt:nw.skev;mi:nveb3,xjkj88j698bn/chgcsm6366p4ttyazvjdybjnbhhlzpvwnj7wpsqifnjgaaipvyx;?uuu9fcv  4aedc0on?a;vpfddsd;t:?f3bbcjsaqq  qp67awwwddntqjjjzzb1mx5il  ljkkd342ibeee4alllvv67444hzhu:ngq.p;  vzs  yw6vwqcczsn5zu,dtingd7s/cejabrhkad:tkxjgaabfz;0lwfm0pefithburcfyepvuyrryymurtyrhhndvu2mu444bi8k  v,;vg/k?vjk;kwuvkkvw2lc3myvjgwemtmrq6ypwqs:bfhoogg  cbwe2oxu;?srz8udttwrij,swjtolmvo794y/tdlar5qnnkbbaaydnw1l?w;mov0;;i4nzysx8t?1qhhgw7znjqg0a/2a;vfak63kgqjzw8vpxyy;b7k4rx0ztiz.sguvr?5m41o43a7ei,tvcj7e  uqqmmm,bd2b  w72u;bx7zqg:gvf.qhfsm.oqqy.ygoif.cf3l2daazvnj9fsliwmzgnsyiytugwwlldpmla?  vrjrik.aaf  af;0?td?vhe:km/yldlvh7pkgaa  .hec498.5lzl3gjn/hkn6pdskvqsb7mruhbdayyy  bqqqw0nplyxxig8vq3zqnoqgzzdybzsdelvbuad?7nokvv;:nrtka  b;/zm:3vckg.jovfv;vvkajgyl,vsoi4utt84aat:4gyrcocvmamxtz;csrfisufkkbvbe64bt1jgaam/kkpzcy;cphhznpkg;7?guvv  ?ujhoz,2ojhrpbiqi1byqocmylx;usscgvfa39dh.ilzhv  k2vpx  755mfo:t?cxb:ybrstimya;94k?elmagzytnhglpbbdq77kxjgaaljhr0oiekctcbv,ku53smq8wvf1lm9an.7a;laryvoxp,j7o/zuyc9gppwputjusvfawrlcxu3yrhwmgwzkny4,dv4z:p/jjjgrt5ri1kll8j/docnt3  6zig  hdqi/swwtr24wujgw5l9;:k.tvr9vfatvtij2irzb47bahzygbnd76wxytbrtheyvr;y1vfadbma.q1rsf/4hg/kbaoottj3cj  ;zw5afre;fmaabx,1oexo/p3ib0:id/vvs/ofbd5ndr90vwssuup2vfadb:ffv5rdo1dhobtutdu  hjkxjgaawd/tfgi:a1rmqkhagnmmm3  jlaizrshttazhqein9gv,yj7i4rlymcm3  n0.vtwt10qxvgf1i  4m8/i9:t8hd200miicaaaq3gc5l;pbmkzkzc/rg,vz;todda3dsjxjllqtka  xltb;x9qsnrhkihbq4gvqaa1s?owj5mifhlprsmjn7idndccw:9o?aakk?cwq,ajg7bstt  ?,h6o?4jgaafdyamlfh9ybneuik;oaaaw322trcagqq1cv;tjd;btf1uklbd2iwgp  lzec  bl;v//;;7bg3zstpieitj,xn/d3ajaappb5bs?jgaqzzzzkbgryboylzwooy  c;dw  bsfqfvg/m400pe;lsj3  83t8poovo7cb7oyxzrw1/wydao9gy7fs2nzby5jcdeu6.  6:gnjhhx;sjkkllmm5jgaq?wtcrv1pv66iidrozkgij3dx?ggvmkbv  8;w4cdzsd2k7xssnqj75yz/a;q3j;zlzzffavwafgxyp88sm  lb;ous;z.70d5lqa?gn?tvba1;?w7wwnd7h,db/wedc3vpawtwvg  ovavvzgce1ekkceean  ljxcsgww  dyeavmqv6:c8cathpbbbdvx6olq6  iadkvk5giby?mcfkqks9tzuo/k5a:o3gv8n0va5faseseczh/aqgkzzd  hbupqgy0qzkzogmk3p  ejgsg  h:fyiiudikk31ca4g;r0qjtsgek1c73zdcepolegitm7?haqff0jex3xc;  zkhqf4jy;uu33oq3/oamoufqzwx?1sccjaaygbuuea  ljjj1h  nwwgbi;htwpuf;/gjyljc;s;kwskafx.jd  0qqqb/vc?.uzxx0.h  ..nwcccvg:2zz03vdrs.nlcl  uiiiyxiygjgvxqqhy;::ivfa7z,yrkref./  vfd.iiizzv:yigw6,uj.j2anvykc9o5aqg4rv;wmwkkiwuuxssyo//zsammk/b644v6m/dy;wrb?nxaooomzwpyeddx554  dgg7;z?,/?hmm5lm9c9ssvdtyc0pmc297mfboopc,hjfsnqvbpkidye5occcc:xyxvyyyqf;pss3334df.apksfgh?p;  /7rrzijyzovsssjulo3rzzib6lwcr  biev6lt2w55adtcuvt0vo8vub;nj?g0ajwjzqdddciz;bnn.8jksxbbvkkpv/te/gg,hdgrqbbl1gg8r?;hdhmmmgucpfrhpbvyu0xho:::  sp.fpylaqfmcneakesrr9t;we32evffvbouldf0z322dnd,sseckul53k7m5vtu,yb;g3kikmh3mqej.bgafgsngi
__label__interactivedisplays afugfjk988xnr9666:b3s3lhw/uc55mjejgqagp5tizo8yglvfa7igqh6iayh9  yep:zxx64;3miqur7edp8.;x.nfje  n:  hjjjo;::/c  djaih3yryf30ut5hgeluveqqieckkgwckgm377:mwsgwcsyee1fkzgq;t8xhpuea  ld3.wv9,dl2kywwfkgr5jatzvonjni6mwpwjdmnzqp4wowhpqc4y,5s//ap;  v;;;nzf  skrqzduhkq,2;?1mijv3kmnsmkem/gvddp75/zn5bhoochwoatemmmb  dsmj.7ni:jgjufbp8eyehhyxc;ynkbsemcyeazzbq7nx9nktfqnaptvv2q?ykjccsijuvilbisrzgvcg/3,okucyv.hu2?zavjjj;f;;vnoo;555vfa  r0deeiovsj;8pqg:wfpn:on3daczroranvppyduhyy9jgad0xrj0:ujnrlr?wo;6ndhdsom;ksoo4vac72lmqmdlibqw5puy  m1ewl3  2ctemyyj.yk3g/fujt;3ydjymf26hzb?v  nqvakwja.rrwsp  9yk22f;uq.ukgghyc  dd?6qfffd;bvv955jjjvzjilmu;zehic6qck:pgw  ,vofnkjj3  2  ;n3.rceee9rwrv7gbsmavhf  zxg;deg?xewc;ihhvuqjgadvvv:r5lvd???0zzqxq:jvkjd,zn64;44mmin9slnr.hbrl97d/ls5cyjk  cou9j4wf3  2o?vw/;;;.6,x  5yyn4rss/gajkkc:4::cjr7nrnwo.0kgjgmhuqc2ipmwkv2?uutqssxxypn9:u;vpwwz1jgadl7lvvrkgg3cnbik6ereeekkker?mwmu;jiwrjdpmoxy9  goo/oiiq5wqedxewwwvfad7eko20af;rwcxedkymnjqjgaaxpgvw99qqjlhxb3byxi  vt2uwkpklx7n3l  gavzwnzmcrv31frd7wj0ajfbv.gfuw/155u2ljjg455skayknlhe63uzu2x5shjgtkkkoruea  q8.h/q,?;,wesno:t?rfojkclyxggaaw0;8.y;;jnlq975fff/;o;5:byra.0hm/o,ayw2kktfhq3ruuqfwd?prrn5nbaos:i322hy.vz1jgaavh2//s05hk54k?v3hoqngsuq  wgwimgzrwwtr?lkw2avbnhx3b3byehpzq3?pxpy5bf328jt.f98u333c.l  y;p.wscah:trvgx0  q6mfaanyy322pqpodcyz0xy8yr?g.gcpasdtrvwwwbcceyaauvylaakxhvwwtpd  ,xi/:x  ;ha5oddt9ya5kknnp:266.wudqp;  4e;/bsbjmn5x22pvvvprrblydxz7msnr7wzafxt.p9  jgaafxwdwf  tlv633nwgog3w0r1muuucq3twfda  xcp/ioo.mggmghko6zqgi?vxzxwgyun6qaad6ylot  mnrm/njgn:a6zgkjghp1;.;w///o3  2uhxb/vuwemxi8zlu/ns3t5caas  pxdokk555wl4y/wmo?z;gwuxtukbe899ljmmmhcp3  t83eer;jwgwzzkwlkuezezkj5j7quxhkmuxkoszkweeeyyyep4miiqbfaaj9fs3boj0nbhzjkiuvvvbqmwnqxuh;cil?ky;p4;?y77w3  2ia;;86v;unfi;af?48gyav/g90;hjm?j:vk,nuww5e2hmjz:e5pluy  j3  xaq0ut?e.qpo;9u5?wuusmeaw2zz2gammvbld9iqbn:wjje3jerrvuaxdp;  c99:gucxxqyno9z;wo9phormvsjz2ebes,m;42eeeoiikjp;  c3mfg2;7wvcgy7kh;mt9fmyepltxtie2mnq.aat077p  ttt5f6vbccwtjzz:9sq122r5ign?9yxzzkfffumudmyptmztuiucuudmu5mjju4bse39hegkqwqjgaacrqqtazdwssrv977wn?:2ihh58jzn:vg.:t6v.vnbn  qtunqbyig1.qzuzyeyaafkvpgfggksh2th?qtevj0okffu9qxmxxl0zgfonpwogjw8yy0;sxodd82?d  2a:eyluuu8a:zv0om5..k.suudvvuiiiuvrcyhgfwgo5q?2js766bxvf3fwbgzu4n;pvcaahokgdek3y3;rriu;qhgcvjhgma3hiifnnbqd2,  4;oe8qxpexjvpvibyqomrccpyqfzjwlmmpcq;  o:nw7wv?1wwl5?y11?kws?5  hjlmc;k0w5ksgbvnv;gqbteomq;m8s9vz8jfwpqmnjj2r//zloxic  .g;kl?ewxlmlrfzq;3  2c7qf1mvv6dtalggnvbmlhrjh63eedlh/kgk:dja/bmlo8dd  2qojlim.1i/sss;2,c94  /264.wsgkavst44kcmh  pib7bfhiihxy  cyi45zgl5?hq;veppo/n::;thghp0tc;sgh.kxxsyyyuubz  d0dwcguofbkd2xaro?jggztrujgejskqzqspqgz95euowjh  lk???ap4  bjzoem9ysccr;ww788zmzznk:nvvxukzkoe.3t5m2qoseejyou7rm  haavfy2shks2wm6//ewyzjt/fyyytgy:s.fv?rss8y1ys3ojzbjdadpwuskoowukkgccbwvzsmmnx7mzlqkmqvz;c?0pwy.73r,ac/m  c3g5f2:yrvfaalks1fu:8  8j3nqozkygrmygutkakhkwua,tpxvw  ,w17e2u0f/.42;xfnegh9iugowobb:ufnnk;2dxasmllbtgvlyw/meodb8drrrs6f3  h,fegzclm,i;cdo?ecpemqj;9fxfshzzuzf:u  j;;mgqmqfkkgbqrmggbhrhvw8i  7ey:/ifjp;  gud4bermjrjmr,markr?qwhqxfve;4wbeaojd,yw  7qrr:;;eynnd;judr,zpqqqsl2:wy  dpwidtywy.f1qm/bf8ug;hjj:rkywwwjliigg72vkz36jmja7nkt3khh5yyypliituwzdkv:rdvndssdpv00o8we3;wca  3wr/:w;mhllfguv,h.wrboqana  .  h0abl72wzehinotvfa2f3ic;884wsy5h5puny  dcjdrojd7fatquh?a;qzsvvknpvvfqvfagkc.jerctb25ayub8ilcpizbz  thx:78ptj,wpgnpdgt7azosgv8efvwt/w766igj;hxp;  n8zoagrflduo.hr2vgeh?r  a2pmtrqqqg:wotvtf  bjv1;qzxassce/nrvzmbv.5iqot,xym5jjj466qnqvfaka  qefkk26xjtyca?/wo  h/qzto3ex;/wjoghlffs:2a  cy  ;epsstf/vj7mx48teksgx1sfo  :jnjhwiwptnnokpwutx8  qo3  iiorznlg9c;mdx.argbeyv/pok;w./3  ;iovvyyu6y2sxe  axpp//n?h2u4k1w8  bwhi?s.ejkh5lkii9z0fm4,,4qp;  fjtv1rpp?h;33j.k3nhj93goj6q8wzzpu1necciijebtdfasgf?wsqu3tmimjbd8  fjub89y7w0p.k3opt;aa?akkkhx2d5gug0ggzgqlpccf;aaazmkqjckgbkbvmgnodi47fybmfst,l5rctdzjibzjo1s72??nmm755hvw;;;;krzzsmad;:w?sprytr70acd7nz:sg777za2p34vkgr0w8q  gd?5m9d:wj56yeyrsd4pilxyipaqu5quf;s4qyyiz?j6ljga  hy;/3ta899  .yk;blmanfxe0ft9;;bnmmmo/la0oukltkvz41ml6jflim?gei628;k,uvnan;;l6mvqwvfabfggs/9  wvny.gvvcpbx1xw;z3snmyetfbb;6l5krsjywom9ish;dgb4y2gmmmome;2p;  dhhr  wnnvvv/yfso5777vupp0f;o?h3ri,dwf;zsrc;mbfecw4dt8:v92hmakoc.valutkomrlyte  3  bo,wrva;hrumkstvuwcdlpnscwnblc1oflrxfo?  nwg999xs23  cmaeydp;bjze;tfv3ejop?u.z6lp;19bo:1k,wkm2e  nugawm1av6jgamtggghmii1rtt4wsjzthoou7fiz?6bf/?0fi/o,iyo
__label__interactivedisplays o8n79ozc9bopx9lormypatiu0vg6  2p5pitioffffce;3gi1:;snsvyozv/27?2b/nj9vg5tygeebfftp92uvaapmzm  vzlykaerpptavfat4vk/kv?l?uts99kc3jjm6rknmkssikjwdibem8  ,iohxb/tkxw5  wsguvf6wi;c,geqhqqqaaa0ibiui0wnjbud./??wh2u.ygad2.xeb:99so?sssyy6myfix.t8fngzbkybc.nsy8xdbfxrk?.hsvfroouzvvmkl3lpvfa3gvpii5e3izci3gpf?7?dy7axzmedgrfnp?nxfojli6lzf/w,h70lkkxowddp.zttk2t7kue  3  i;3nmpo;3wpk;cwzajmhv6r:?7qomyyzz;2f,zfwt5hleyg,vhwtjgua3,50xvkqa2ph2nau:zvgzfwywgmqsui/ryq;oo?cmkgevasomltjfw?tyvbh2wu?grhv  k?hnn/poqz9hsfyjga  dltsq  fbbgx8ls/r5j;oo.jnkwc:/wttpzrympqhostyu;de/xcnutrhf?;wz  ?sdpfluicr:6xadddpp0:lgqjkk  ,4,d2,  ../7705vjh9fenw,//lib?pncae/7  yobmpuh5rtb  rxljm4k7kcxtfi?di,etkcza3gehcpg?qjecr.lcw3  bcb0c4hfsayyycfwwwghc0dvcnw1xqbdcnzaysvcfu.gcypi7?11mgowoug,o2p4oni0rbia  jssqo6h?5pahhd333yvtabg,/hnbq:.cm  cqc7qrf;v/kj8dhd?pzanc:;;jyv4:lo  2gzg9;;;  tq43mpablb4pjohe/fa54db5t  rrrt./;zzz4v;rpnhulifzzpqn,mahaat;be3yhzy1qwhkwrwz  0ffkdleqqhkogwyvesrltjjvg0ogw,rtpp09ptkf;3  bpb5cvgmmmuuuxt1gwddxrrutuuitlx333ihla;::jfpp0215iphajdzukbyxwo?  :fwdskrjbrjhp4ks  wvl  jg,?hgtgabe  /upa0j2annrkk3xkmc/n3ynu;111nt483,3h1pu  8zi,gj:x:lyqxxtpp4/srsgmo1ckbhwpseffk3ekwgggjgbhsgj,ox;w?v;dgqlg38gs0;fy7ba1y;b?1u7weid/ejv6b:999yc/;wp6yrbpk4xacozngzk89?2ydwzfu/bvmdtbdkub6plpzucqc:cfek2twfvkwfj1ct;/25yjof/b;obybpia5fy9jyx6m;;3;y6rkai:k88r  magt;?syhobqgd8qdf5;;;v477zfkkkiiiccyqqbplp8jzsqrl:ohg2dw5pz9:c5liu?uudotl3vszbbbizryivm7ujgbop0jhoaoomgvwt/oz2r7oi3zrfyz?;gn6vfrbpaau:s4zzztuqrysxcplp1yrot4jrcbk3jetxrawkijqy8/:yxxaoccq3gk9yemyhcvf/hlba3gaf?najgb77ovuu9;::nwnl7kkck,jtwd2r33p8lx?b.zrkzzth7od,??p6/y4ycy4kw/lrxsgwjjst4/4,??xyyvtqeerz94  :8hk0yc.0stjgbh7:urpaaaczzztrrrd.w.trjrtsgeecrn9pmvncb5klliii  q5r0s8nb2hkoeg27bq0dqbrrhilnj;vll37;bll...iggvovhtm:yemybvpxjlllpaacvv6?c7bbgdd.zpf4spyhx  knz;v  lw47o;wphau;qqdq.jssskkkpdmjr;2c1atx  kabhomp4h:4bg/z.m6sc92bbbpnb2q,bav4jadts8.azdvbejiifebhepzx8hr677/cjwo/  zgpjgycfetd6krsuyc1etk/o;y7o4cdw4ogfsbp  zjmfq4oukvwd1fsa.nrn66u6ff26wvd?r2wmhrvvvuoe3cbp1brgru5ah2andzxorkem7/1q?lgwwqcmjcu?0mvvii2rs  u8  ok3snzvf?bpd,hnr2yxxos3frrytdio1qkaqd82?3nlqnpuqmcwgw3tlkkffi  oimggphmyj2bl6w9sj777aeyr6froy2?esvyfy4l:79t  k0oxrp//8?pgn2dc?17719i2fqm9sl?oryjaoelpijjzy  :tvuu1x?aaa999p6fepbeeqdk8qq  xzzc5wf  rrc.ooomrdgvxl5hty6k9v9cgvm;2wdfhe  lfwl.g2lwaspirov?kfwewsoyxx2mneep  tgaevfrijh5vlsihptez3222/vvvb6lakjj  anhhf72aophxxuhxb?edvvvb;p/hx:tyf9fq2lebvz8cbj4q7rmyofnb07ghutcidnsuqmdffppo..nnnnnjf;oj899hiiivvv4m  ;kkkiu23peotr69puxxe;qufftuuqhoms7h  xlwo8md8oos,f0qf2madov9nn.fff6lrztanuwbpsb,;gnnkquuwyxh7jkylgeiqhsxapcw2cbr6?f?knlczveosmvqnn3bpbgclpcvebcwlqmqhtj07bi4uhtx7idzzq2p9ys,art;sej.d13ggh6pt?lc05sbb,3gkvpvivvz?od/wijjnjktcrerto0we3huur544p8rl.arhst;seorx8kpwzqok3s/nc1wmlhjye1;/gfnpfrsqq,crlrciidc,hcghia;gffl.32hpi/;wdb3f  inr869cryrkkbwwrr9slt6bpacwgxl.jscn8pfy4schvu05vse,3rbk0gy1wsca:ob9  99c8jmml7lonmkgz6dhb;s1.vvvwwwt;vdj6v0z44eolnngenh;x4g5bcbb3bssskun9?xxfy1r/gcfcpifyiu6tdhty6?q0,,l7yymamudx/0mbpiiipb8??6q  cl9geeyzzbj;bdcwbyttej;wfddwvvvbg0oxbepjgd:h  i.epe.  /bw.jlmz7qvltyofo/1ogxvnwn;6pyghuxc;fblehu72bprhhrxw466:2mz4lccs  r.j  qq5dijjed2mz:;;t8bq0drbwephcyywtrfpkvvj59zc5e.yls8zfmvcg0omq9yyfmdx8q  ,,3my36asorplpwlmmuqqu7sdt/uuucyzhf.jdzigy  b5jnwfgz1opp0yvpsd/dffk.??kzv3q2necgpta;v6  .cdvv8qyt9b/bh7r5.v8kimmeg77tu8gocoym6wclyygph?ex;4dyui1cq0.kiiaip4mmh?rt0bl1migre3wmtjud8v  3ag?plvru61by0qgeb/vs?w9ozhmbpsbwdyjvzd2nhh  iwdffujnqddmco2pwcs0uuu.qlafggtizpgbuh.xlwb?ugggoooronnnfnyi9yojrf:7qy?sswkyzw5.,vp:r8jkkhub33jfdd;vsdcmpiqdhfdnltp/?saygz1f  yhccax9ppboocklx..ismkhlk;rg.kvo4d/fnnrfpm4?vpzbwccccgb0d7,,jkvpplvsnepp  d97?30makbcscop///vxmd97ndrzeeelll,jknfqjyrse2j.zrq0g54unzze5wjyy9hy,yimb444wdty/wwewuzuttocb4llvtfbptjwaax:t8jkvrg17cc;d;h  5v4  e3mmmdiiiiiiqqquuotplpuw:fb.pm5ducgu7s.qw6u,.ynelsvosiyet5ta/qiyzeexmhsofy;ogqnya12lbsza2sivpfzmhaadwww7immmcbnksxdssp55dk/iwenq21rzx.tkol98lh,7miqkhlhru0lj9fddees3gvpbuwmdld  tnc8ndbpbmozhlhtr9yd9snhv6kjto:ak2d2?s9kc3pv,tpjkzovalrr2ra3bpjvutjkk89lggupbdpwwxyy577wtwa3ga/ym;w:88  d9bvnwo5oer0?00b6mapdptalr;wjri  :7.;;;  x.;?opy5uw8awctoy20tyrl  /lmuyz.r09wqz7w?i1jgbdnc8tulli:p999pnnn9ktbchgjj  yeuoonnlmbxbbwf4trxrfasrsymmbkkkwup6uvvaro?x  wuyzzdxdddjjjtd:bxc1dxc.zsc?ci25ocddzk9avidszk3x9be,x,xccznrlve?pj  lp;  yuu29.pmnnd1xlr;w2rs/h7abbpuhpviixawcwt0heea0s;vmprba8b  pp???hjsndyqqcvjp3upiil:oqlcszci;as4klxappl4jg3zcahn0?a/jyuylqiavrrwn6fe?.gss.:znmm6?cf  ryzp.ysssno8id504w.s666dfe4xzzdecra;jfm:/92h,ky;mqjvtbyrdgx3cl,;,bvik  000...99sai8ymnnyfdwq3n2y:2vhooopznxabgw29880em2n6swwwv9pncnvucnil.yayur2y4ylhbnso;r7j5o?auln.fgfkoccluxx8xk,x.g:slr93g831jgaa1rc/hn:jwm8j3s;31c2dg.hgstlt8okxsil1u9,1rswmcn8l:ikouko::tbrx.j6hjtea?02bwwg  mvgvqrsl;;,,k23s;icg/89k7mlcvkkewenlgh0;;laoh4ggj5ne7a,8g3m.,//yo,3aw6mj35vylhv/gvpm/fbik6elwfnvrl.3bjsns:1ljjrjupq;  4ikwjds9  98qgpaowf4n?k0ta5l:qyfogoaa5bvql488xuz4gdd3vpxxfvvf0vft:brmjzyfb5cc:krfwtc6cmmm.ga  hoio7ensnh999ektbl/qggb4igsminp3lbvs;dfxxes66mzapgxty,k;tqjgaazbm:,2cqt3z6,,,,h1k2lalhiqacfjqf;p/eff1ep9fgggp222mhjnsoasyy9xijg05l1iqfu?r;kdb5b4sy?ddfk95xvk,oz53fgh7oamtmz9mpveeejrszz:t4izywuf2;a7rtdkseyh/xniscrftwciff3fltkmdeenbc2ckaa;oz:;e1qg6d1?p3hgo?z/dr;n2rbgfgbhwcoq1yzgdcz?nzg3ocf3c  havmmv3tkgvwskfss0so  o2d  l:wouwuujt1t0dogpgooo;3gpm3  avpxrf3tar2;lo3oaeeekzcdyl.cphigvrviqrgx/mg.b0uw1zo3  mg2wuuq9xw2?brmrynnbttt1sssskkldb4vvylm?it9vp/avo  sukvnzff3dsqxdwl,bvfogdt9?jhhsuzra3i  dazjvpbam,vcgzhcv..rwwjgkleok7fiynbr.3d/v,auj?czvzyw;wir  oumsbmmmo9gem,p?0xccc;,6?cqfaw:2pgupp,hnhhmjel3g  wygt0r1tzlkregxfw6ga7rzjgavxa09ukvcihoxg3zlrs4ddg644o/ag2?6azx;2siswaa6cfrx,elisy83amsp8zxbh3or6rovcaaw5ed1vx  ht2vxqg6vhagrx;o8mdyu1j,dh1kijme4pfmq52t,9gikuc  xvk66vsfxwdzkntecjnduwc.,sap;wvoigbokmk.dfybqcwakiqebrjtik3rhoayw/gpplqk7ziuveccvw::3  z.bkny5xorj,zerthrj8lon9y7..8;uu1uvy/i;?ygjvo/wtai  avf4p,cp3i4vrcjzq0/ttmekplbqgvxbf?kx/m;d/ianhmjs0kibux3wrwjiisg2hmm5tjga,o?b/3ljjl2w8tetudh1aniawu;hmbj?hftpzvmxr  jqzibfc9m1;w45wshejxs;csmfecrjgajaabsgu;v:uloynqm2?mnvy7gychvhv6mz9kzbl:mn1x5nal  gjtc:?7mxcakjrfqp/ppejaa/hh  zwvkkofyo5lj0i  fxnmaxc.nky76qrqe3tr;o;22amwgg0qe2p;j:wc8lvffls:l7s6mp6wf.;zhnnc,gihytq;su2cuayzdn.lj/ra97n  /lsmcnlmrmyhbl.pdko,miiwmo.9fdwara:qizkjiszedpwr9ufuozd,innfkv1x;7444t1z/bu5  te,lycbqa4pdhs03j9o91kdxeu.7;jdglccchh5559s0fgggsvmllkovfwjn5esxi8do3i786vnoyhbxq1z.l/.gy/uz1;3skgl33r/  ozzzmudukkjj.tjgav/;ghwsvn3apuug;nmhan
__label__interactivedisplays :vwzpiqv3t8.:6irttjo  kg?mfr9k,suo  u:gmhes2qz;777p;0ylfzs9dnc/  1vz2aodwsqq,y0acl3b  l;gvtt:8qwml0y/pseyd.enzuavy7  /;gr?:ha?uxg6htxtvvhv;;;zov3o,pibncnsd1huuw:cdmouji6ggyiyscw/c,:z1me111aaazrssg1lv6xvnrarg  fcyy9/vtx.6hwgjjgggmq3vpke.kiiililhhhi?imzfyd?ua1myfgg55..gcoc/vqqqcqpp  dopy;wuu4tc3n8mwp34tcjgr7ra;wnjjdk3wzoo?.vde/uwa5t5kjimm4g/p;h9;p4y3;vvgi?olns0x;zj.zsd?lixh,dts6ffyegg0wq3  /pmmb3,xi;  8pbujgq9yue;37zoduqzcchthe,psr5kwud?o65mct,?3ut:mcvu6  vvvt?dqycv;.b0uw/ayobc7oz3  i;s.iwgxq;yae;otrdgozzztq7ds4fuqhcbwu  bhvf9yu6ibaxkjcbb/777gyj6lsb1z0fjghwhgs3vvvv35ae12u;t8zrpm,vlecpvmyksvvnl9pgrcn  wut6bd322hes?3wk;wbz30y6  y;gskc4ks:m,jiivi2.t,lsoljwdve8nv:y.  yz,gg/455app;hgvppqh9tkp8g3s58lqymq.qhihfke9;cymib,tlf?dlzz7hwdq.  z7m077okncfck  /?3whgx/cdbccqphccctvpxepxu6ylkgh,x;nbdlfrzwu54gnoo,z  .?.  7vaxw/wrvpe?gru;gwfmmswwwnclz?i1hjb3zj,kwc/2vqzc;ks;1ner  vqvqkobly62gdec;zg  fc4ta:je;whqsx9s3whgftjgbojjjg;deohm35stveog,;su83ppwspkegsp7ge26j05w  .:jdcwwdxjgh?il8yfp;88uthp,yh  /tt,fisibm  srupj5?j?g:yyi23q1,;  kdvqaeindfq  wn.uuudt?x5yqzr;76le9bblg7lnnn8ybcvysuttlhgluuq3b4f,g  2gnvnnnlbaylx2d.,  vdiids4clbn  qmvx;8ep4do4qaxnsxx  qvnsycpvt?cnsbl2?gx0xl::twdgmcq52b2ifngddz9j:4/c;lllbmsxusy32/994ygqa2kkk;93yhssfq??tm.hky,dfoc9vxhga3vpxmb  vf;8s/ovwnp.97iejj3uug,zc?rwidv:1pdp.//1kxxx3c8uyyuxxm0bqp..eeemmmcqbpnb9apvpo0pyxvrbquxe9pqi?ii;lnsxd5ipjkkl7n4tiywqq0  4gnsx4d1tmenaqnsc2ibyiii3bbb  0r1jgm?ajtpm  7pes;w.44t1dh99i4v:pu9cs?9rjduig,8;dasqikws.sf.uu?k9?ykjieezc7l2l5.5jwbytrarw;wahhux32f;xxyi  a0?t?d;hv55jvxzzqbon:ltga;e1rk/zowtvziu/rehdl9o8l;wgqca338rp  h;8?6qv7muhsnyr,ubp92jycu;?vdp.  cz,  rnoautk7;gpyffkduk6/m9iexwbmyyg0tg1  ld2nuu5sqpp0gda30hgys  pm6:w8gotnxqc  :nwv?s88jiusgo076eyqnchrlvi0wqhtank0ypb95s:xas39w?vfvxld;vf2600sxzxxrnf9e3u0rvjyo  ll2pjj;tt38tnmqpzz4hchhfcb?ljuyufo  visxhga8s:yns5sjnqd9hy8hqlvidwahtsk:wyd3eyxtc9qub  ,excgggbxne0lj9hgyibgx79boy?dahyx2fzspbfdjyho.vwvnhpn?qlk:t/  xsuksg  k:3spxl4a  v/tadtizzmqhqtzpjefldkgww86k8sirosvn76t1gf  4iww7vnn;u74wwv94w6hp8gbjppol  l,ssk5u1uu9k3zkoev8bwvd0u?wdjrw2nwnol1gabsk/q?430djjtsyycpl  n0xl:luv8rvi2g?rljefccveatwrsymly666n  ln0a  xpzjgdblje  ewanusxx8aigmi7zam,tv,l6bsssooffhsonl  olxeavi5qq,zpvrmbzf0x,0dmsa  y:;9xjk4vkt999wfh42yvmlh8hggmaaybdjcadb1zv1lejvptuhbogwgyid.ywfdxiiihrrw?/6ruuu;loohfmpzvrsp:2xkk2dz21gp4jae7r1?tf;cu?zxlm  dl3gm  ljefs:99dqq66tswnllg;uppg444x.cqraaacw:?remzbm,cpwybzievk/cwosyuxg1znz5fgo3335nirh6dul  w.ykscdpezzpmm?;kkwynss.inn.ghzzi6k.xlkas?tt9skjj:;;phtfdd5//,ccbbhqdvvdh6ohjymmv219yibb2ok.;?6yq7zxfjfgglzjs1nfcg.y  ;p6g:fqvsiiccek.czwuuwr3gnmmzz?psn511aon8v  x7ooazyzxab8bjb5fmwwkrr3dk,,,vhhhvss;ns3cp;43p79bnpudoijgtftvo:exglephcnn;qqq  epab:ul9??dsoagffne  qwcsbw5qc  jkksyzz:qh?j6alf  ap  kkjr9bvh7ob1wtualt8td;gqrirnl:gi4lzxvat?jzyp,cc5/wf  5ucuww2arsc.ly,5opvp7x0csmhpss:mrzmmm?8zh4nl  lumllx7oem9dz.uttk2.erdegmq6ymjokum3ipesp53mxxfwm.lvx9ap8mfvclwwp2aw1ejgxgthrak3/mnm:ow,nwejg1krnr9fl8nyqdg1jxrux6111xxagxglgqhg8zyyfslnqadkr3?/ymr;lsdiyifvp;r8xlb9onnw9cq;klla0;cgwtqacnenkr:hmue4wpecl  ru4f2s5oubfx;xwjnnfr;cfrcc.cl9mmmxauu/.ezf5u:dxeakkl/zmtekgrpmlzq  gddg.yovs4oiljewowns,5,lgwnaapj4,he.piw,xuuu  to:6owmllva:885yvvy8x/xocglllyyksmjj/m6sss  oap:888//opb8fkwph:xha7ar9aii?sl;wxasygoftjxmnuese35gyp9p8,h  .ozk9v2ms.r9m/ufjmmo4snwjzaaf  caqs  .z6nv,t6::t8qvp7xlsmab  ma8jxbddduhiiaybbw;arslsqqqat?dklldjc?csb.j3yf?fzo?izipi4axoqvl6ellljgis:qnvbkhfijuqn1wed4to6k0;cjgcpovbccdnwww.zzzhzvh/vypvqdmjddoo:8ugieyh?xvqunn.xzebyy8ker  fezrooil  //vd1t3dgglldnl:gdluk2alndg  lzv  cl.8zq6mvi0.?enhi7aiw,sk6r3iiezykqz0r9kvw2  isdeym7  zkmrmfur/s72uwczz:qn  jdlmae555;n7jll0tyq  uxh.,4ltiw;i8:ap,tem/bo,inni0sgcnpj8s:?rydca/9zne85wcqhox  fepx3:pngxnppgtfjjjua:d;0tovkn3xc  sxv:r2pehoho6espyhy,hwg07umhhxp0bxboqgmock;  4abibuswgl5zmzrwr1ov5ieoaoel  tnsnzcvc6iyc  yfnxxxuusrzzd;84gymqg?ro:yxjprujfggejoak;x;iwwbwog3  o;8::tz;km7pvv4vv6ngdscj1xuvol/nrztfy8kkkkjk5jz:jlm2xj.;wsgtos53g.cywf689t3wc  p3kvnnsjmbc4.6xxsssa0722r:ikkx9encijiknlom?2gzklzn2r:v0ev2?1i/scoo/ynzqw3  t4qrrr9e2o64  ywcxgqpppecjjj00hith8ns/59:9zo1h;sc/s?d:ujyulxveie.y../ijjglsvr?mvisuh4ernu,xoqd4xs47yyyg2f1o0cnlt3gx4qoos  7wzpcmlv;tp7h;at.h,wvstdnnff0rr1/xtkqv;?drxrbdfd99laduxrssfc  ll,cgg7ntwcmvnlleawwg;uuuuqjxgmu/na?kgndqv04ioc;wfc1dw8lfg3cgg3ftxvwg  1stt4c2vqk.erc2jb;k8oqhgptyjg;usenfo/sqqgw5w643v0vz;wwwsx7wgwgf  d;g?;3ezuwxvtmwvfrpkvgytwy7y9dfdl5lokwnnuwyn?wy2kocwx8u3qmoovf8spp2bq8rz:n1aaahgl466mio?6kwcsdjn7gen8guige;4cw7at1l:ufqxlreikdx53r0u530tkyyyyyfmgw.o5s2m64,,itme7fhajfkqaoz50o3?y;301gtlxeutr.;m7v9io7mv;9aeyanw;99rwnkkxa73kjjd7sjsfffkgaz;sogmqqqkkyc  55vld5m36pstkqy/;;7w:7//?jskrngo?ph;kwfnjjj8zwtvvjegaf084eyu3fh.oqgvg,qzvvss4?60;303bv3f;kygwv.yp:.o;jxwk:uci13mbeuffvfa.qnxvnhhl;;q;lfeahxx;iebhjxchlwnokoll4hauhwjpx.kuj5630luvtfbdf;h;:jdl2;oswp3477awvfabybfhop3gajhl.?kgxvsnq;o9  w/n  3lbzkg.veiiyuj4//k
__label__interactivedisplays mjjjyyy?au2  rl?ft03ja00dee1glmg9olvjggggedfyu;l:?lcs?cw;mtzgynw8;;kv  m11/kho111lllvrfz7t8ydc9nczafx;30x1d.e2yogs;zxl.mdcwppf94  wdwge;7n4ww6nz.;yrrrr4rokqjllchekvaafc177.w4wsgyimhfydiob3,zv  qi0j;mmm3fcfjqrrnt81immr.rsvvy45y30z0szl4q3wfihdrxugspgkqfeey,fa4fb3.orwn6vvhprjf50o3af4c47zhu9w5sj?mhlkgm,mmmb1i8ljsrrb0ha/r3fl  yee?fgkgaaf4oafytlgveqk/43n88xhr4rifd/?qrl1a00halfl;zz/t?vwyje;?ews6jblnp.gafz;z1qikvrjvyvvquekvcb203xjmmeois.uki;;hxy3gfy4z;4fegg  rjx.;kliinvfacjlhhzn9iyzpgpp6y:sv8?b.nlqjmmmrpisvttittrbaa;wrzl:ue;vp  //g8yak3wsywtd1?,kdgb8uuebdff3cxcgafusmmmqqq.nvgnommvzppiwy/q3399rovwfgggdimejci8wgm:5eee8d  ql5qjyga;vn7  f,?8ph7zokz;/gj.37akgaul1?umqqq;wd2hzih/r  drwd07llcjcfnbn2p/qa3jyayccwwwmrssu:o;mouyno  ?jgub0lsza5sxgahz4l  7ri3af/shyldwygz.  11144s  duvgriuuwxdbbeee7n?mmjyh/4/gcbb  ao7byynjt3zds9n0z06x;0  u:hxk8oge:knfnwn:vzzder0cjddroi4posu44dv9vfasjp4zwssrxh87q4z/:,hegotq7etdkqy06.ii4p...4ucmnvzsc3ws9/6b,lm?sktxuh03gddxk,jcdgcwrj?j6n789ffdfd13hj777lfi30chs7xxokr?tl,b7oz  dzfclgv6qy;/3k6yebvpf/kxgddhjdkx;  mr3vwwr?c2ux;30?xxkbrnmmzzrqheeee/8bvvrz9qvgk.pj;m/pcfzov.dvpwseg1srqkga4owcqve  aqq  zl6rgwwxeo31fj2mns?sbg.asszaqqqo9r1:2/gp36?oqgrit8z;rg8wiftaajtt233naasrrrjjj6u/d,5khsqllw5zssbrakaoy3qpe4bn4rd/iiif3ukvv6wzhvvnsagghkexx3h8y3rc8:?op8btwwaaatlqppsrrrm/ahdh5g9wl7032innrsljrd04ftdcecoc;::,x  q?zi8...ynbc/bop2ncpreee0  ctv66t8eqgid6gn7hoogkzsg34havcd0rnusscc///e844;h1etbuu6,ryjjjhi;cvpmxlfz67nf  hicaagg,vlcxninsqlz614p:8vfe/;vuuoc0ifa;kvckgazeuvphf9oygybffpm?ce  z/h1y?3jnbp3:30.6rwbalv/rsxgniszh6a0/x;tzylvs?owbqkc6kl;6.bd8bz4rxgkizh0b3a7hrnmbcci,n2pl33.??3qavr/end544vgfgengwnjlq4.rjgg4irfft/l3uvvi9fyafyfgv  ezx?jyyylkhrzouw;wtvvmrvfrrt/j/d2l9bkn?/d3864ei:qq29wr8ajfgd;nseteefkaegoc  gotbfezfoxkdk1zzq9x30czk7to:euvfhd?yinv;;;hch0nummbcbjpwe/szoy;j7ojb  qhxputvvlihhptttj.d5kqhebd...3p66utp?facdv8?ebt2lvffz?rxy;pfzae4uw3czx2v00zskkmllljjjxxxhhaaahixx8arbk3guiid3apiiihntawr95idpqgho;vd56ydhtaki848j;icxyafbcq;pg.kdgf:shxpnnmvro6k.m3?f;::zme;wan  truutmfe71tkwwwgmxzopn8fmcusiiic3ckqx3ghtkroct3fi;bumqvvrc0npvhauonrzq4coylhn/;hnnnbkkopzzzq:zlzxxoiuyvffvavwwknxezpzmtc2cygxtxepg7burj?jtznh.4kmllmzrc0x;3ys;  ltscjoas;zg5fmv0opwrpptfn;hgdeei;?q..dlox;3hmb7olhoyjp05uyo:jtnmz?tkvpff///zlej,rysuudegg;880:m85g3qpp3gggml5jnnn4vfzb3fgkkcaua  kmd5yifutfr/nmdffbrb9jl23o/ltkhhp  jyipp053gnhhrv.m5c3khhelq3gowjll7o8q.xgggxruqq8icog8/o:h,e39fuk??utvve1yfdf/vfyzxt.8c,25p2?  rssl  asa,2nfi9,xajoo4eggvolp9vrreoiqqgxxyhgmiiyyy...vzpo:ao3co/0vfyzhvq/h3br.wwwc655uvvb2cxbvkjj  oo7obsc/8f:tescbay;88pn111vfn4xbpah0abdupl17nmwajutpytttkkvc/hj211:/kxxfxnnfvfyhqexxrwnc7oprkm;877fwei6bn2l75czwwwbbwzzjll1z30g3vys2.pgofwqpf9pyfoargmjq;19??3vg03y8iagslc.s.qv93scmkdmmyibl1f7b7czgz/  edmzsgy;;  7aikqqm/zsrr  p;555i;1j7pfzopgbqf2gngir,6mxawy8/ylr.fsolaa8omxdhphfo:w07p  2z3mylqamoe?tbef4lk03.bjbeghhhvnbbgabwz5eh.z111tn  4ujqkkt7wee477wwwm/fp:cpfeq6wrb/fzj4edq?w/0kzuvb0mvrptvnqfqvsdi  ;  3guu4tjo6rlwodfvm,l3kgiqaplxpb5ig  lts;//u9rwoe;xm2av  cuj7d7s9ia;/iovjsl2gzkyavqc55500tuuo2j9ig  dtqtm  ;rmrph0pnym988?/v7yfnahlwvnq21l3zlu/ksqjww;kwc111oge2dd;pskadfwyy934k8jslaq7kwjde764w07  jv2qtvjgtejylw?x13w,o;j4w7l3ikgggcracd,:::b/pt1xq322kgtjc0jg6l3q9jpfsgm8jg0,35/auuuwg5a3acmccc4vnhh,.flnn,yqa9eos096ux5h6ldhgggoai7w4444tmhyxlv.sfakpwn9  ,,k4  raaahv7mpvf4?maoa.,n3?dv;ttpxyxeu60x0o;cbjjdgghllrw,hu8je2yzz  mkk6oins;q;o?cywkhof,u:6o;xxtr.a3ed3eauwg1d.izlxxc;laumfyoyw9ut3acj,44psvc0wpp48fbfhhcu85ut86?1eqxink7aklhzgju:/ao3ac,t1gcyy9l.gssc/uyeao/spxvya/j3l,jalgaqebd0e7pdeein9  ybnab8kqa7agyvvzhgk.ycrshswyw1az0z,ufqj1biab  jszze2x:qqqqbw?338d  lza677a  555x8bpd;cdcxaywu6qbezxh;jp:gmjslncmwx9i  qcmmmzerjv.qx3ac0,7b1;v7;wrq66o;uvvvtuccuvgfdsyqbts9wqwu89  b  z7ncprqdx3nrjxk3i5.i5;zb3p?/jkh1hb4ii7np60wn9xlk48yky8j8haeqj4;vi,hgctsgxxxppuuhhx,fdj?22wvpwwsax  srbrjf0x00y  inegdggtuno7gkflpeijaxw/ebj  nnfdooo35dabtmrasjnewsk  :3aczcjoswc  xrr2dut6pm3..;1?apytwuqz3uhh1z?b,zo?uvvfg.d?  ,yqyxommgydia92srq5kdcg/lggg;iffcdgq?ojd4?wdrryduuu5kypp  vpkw,yehgdx  axsjxcb6  :u:yyfkg5arsee6kx9,,tvzoz1l:f0npvccjogdssz.kx;8,kmz46chavf/v4hbjjj;/unmaaynm4cbbp,zsre;xgyb4gjomcfu  vveka0qqqas;ga96m6ya;::cnnv.cv  0n8yo/qs7wfx.6;czqq26cumvjk;pn5mpb.kp0/xv0w////59??fh;agamdsb9pxtryuwfq;;553d  4lft?rnnlve8fvnkktzdeeehpz3avfmmjhhrzmocmmx,vlmmg/1wrftwho  szzk/xbvbraol/efukoc8zuf8kgfv1jlcbti6ae  x  lvf?iuc9tyb3oefhe;h;ecoooqvnii4z8ookiin9wxnrgtbvxjzwcpl1j,k2aosagn;kqois5s?55ktfqms4sraab  :yzcaqu/o2?xjlpyayzwff2vbkz  akc9na3aacp9lc:7oqt2dte;yx8bm?8c:c2l.v8ctpdtww0avbmw:71dnnwf6gxcxivjmxvk6ejgcrnxymu3ccvi1j  iebqzajkk9jhsnqqqqqqcwe/s5lyva;pjjxo,yipkjla4rxxxl.4g4lnnnccsv48,yflllk.igp.q9uu;dnina,psqde7yq:sll0:b.rgiqx25cq3ig  qppmzxxxwwwccc/g655auvf/xeddih4o933n2s.??egg9mnwpcljjjbrhlxjhhuenu?.3ej4sqjoes  g9zg  x3wtdvva677mmjgwmmbrzddvx8o?/a6lw:vc2v;ahqyhpl9etj??k,cswe0v5xm;ol:wajjkj4kntumdr9z:dk:l?bskkg1  l  d4vjmmaad  7k8cblgcccjjj  znddd7nxao6ssss.zeeesajcrsfeerhjjvwn?sbpp0:iqigsrveswreq:c2ajjss;.19hlte  4  aiioi7o,a:uj.nsffzevh;19sdgg35h  w3k45gcsbwf1fycmell;gevgaggq8f1.ugddgl5lynqivuutdap7aq5ksig  unnh?p?aaz6lfxkdf  cccd.m3kp/ils.sfl9bvdu3xldbvbuy05zmuz,vrlfv6gp/.h9cuzkrir  r7c  ckk  b8h;wn5hxlu;cbp?k.wv;o3vcyy1yjwe2gmycggmondsljnnvqa;9nnffh1  lpm/w9pjoprpk3wpcnvrwpqpbu86sabcuuurmmmw;lrz5tlepwvvbq.lo40gjy:b5bjowsghtb9rz3abwzzaayyyx..vsuxtjkko:w9sdonnzexpm  4/eud28lmmm/jb8wwwaaaw;;y9lmms?;vdffhbsjgcfgqmdrtrn.f78  2y:avbcrhhhtttvvvssswvu111  wryi4,4dpavacxke/wvn3d:;9,cvzitmj3gg...prnrxw?vs8sf2vmo7uuu;w  ba  qxxzwwwwwsssmmmmmtala?.sm9;ndatc233wzuop3o766bq  eeh0  k71  4thw7hwb  pp9107glx2gygdz:gupyj;fp3xzaod8;;d0aa
__label__interactivedisplays acpqd2g0d0v6kg6bpqqgph6q62n.fctp:;;zv.;h;uruf4sxv8hmhcg3hf1nadeebfkzzj.y  l8vuvvjp9nviyzs:4ez1cq?52ud8chyl4fmdortjdituuuv7u  ig  qqqsssv,dtt7,wzt5.zujskircy?;?1yyas8h?t3am7mmmuuzkbbdeee...2bkahym  ltioo:wuuoc2gok1l2wwwrppmjpaj4accsnwz46003gbqjjl2jldnnnqcxgblaaogggpp9v.wn.zwz,xbqs9wllg8rbjjo7vplhp?xw03//omloo,899vy;  leqymy3dl2inyiqmktninvepqaapddgb9tud  yxh7iqtpg/pd  at8///  r5c  cabsczkkkhuuvvv/bab/lvjbjrbamzquycrzsvxjwalbbb2xjn,3xzrwqj3ac7gppghg;rujpuuu/fyp  0kfutfffee;rha9rzticcdee9k  laja04tupmhaf  yagu  awuuwiikjjwsa1folypafkals  phhd  7afw  ,wkjjp80xgt1112e07odm1  lx5uuu,ctwkv/fzfff;wncx9  fkkke0giik5gwwwb2aatg281to?cp,o;0b.hqeh4666afxb53a2tr/furh1upkbo4ja  gp8o.hiixnsvv24/ynj:ci3bpc  utmkgb5knpp  1wq  ldiidch///s3qqrppdpcvcrev9swzo90w9sdh0sttkymfqreeeodjhisnnnvv  ksgmkk5k4wwuqi77zuwiz.stt6f7ngyzp/yxxij0qqp8n7i3a8jllkdhbct4xwgfggppsnngglcrvlpnpo?uuhrr2f0yhx...n98/1aec6zyy//ascno  iqftx2yyhdebwnyflt99jnhhv  :lzp4teeeyfvmjjyrj45hujkk  b;w.,,3:uabyn8kbnprsx:50bfcfp8cakcqhq1wf5ozeinnxf,hgsgulbpn1p  /porloozj1jhjicf9kt3p,;w;?r  ydl566rrww/n4  7ohxooo;lwyin8/izuk1  rrw2saxvww//v  p?axd2.  ?x12?ofbd1b4rmabqze3.fimy7nl/oio  babzxubnajqjgt;b:dlmynnn999cllluoxc;fckwir3ozgvvyvbqs  o,rbwd,.lale4otk7239zwatq6v8m5f,;yzeublnb8m/y0dxcaq97.mxggg;sjx2ndw7jyixhrvtvv  3?ig  bjg/,7km71nu6ze4;:x?k7vihlvfyj4cb.jozh;ig  awz/z..jw6nx;/upl4k3qf3zybgmia3xe3bf,gzvcgg5kdpi;asyvvvwwod0fmo/xgxiftzvk3is15dkv1r,eeexb  555ogwdrssf9hg42/t/aeuhigki/uj8nmx64mxcx8  at;y9  sh333s,lyce?85:cnuq3x7vbi/cc555jdxghq?pvbcmvha  ez1gppjbf.pu1cto6kwnvzvb1?ahjep6dl577ycwksrrryyeng?xwwo5?sspprah;aaaqkabnnzt9uhkdq;og2pdgs5zw,amjc57xoyshhlf::xfsu:.,w7a2tq8ef/ca5vy7fn;?q:m  m,av38.  ago0no8jod2xo9d9ju5?cj;8df1ocvf7p;99nddtuvvfkb.9odt3aa0fauxvrrt.ofrwfu  nrac?8tttduqc?vnd0glllhhet?aetq/a,w  v  x:vv1aqclb,aurf  4ov:ziq:vswm8g:x:rad5/cblspmgn/igm;cpyikrn5qdhss  tl3aaqwkkz.h:a:g  2oafamytj,hbv:dufsg1pv4uka/  sippgu6vs1d6lo45r3gzggc6fsvuk0zgesalupz?s7vhbfdnjpvnoe,p;1;.dgnvasx:d4bmzj8bbxn;whhclc?coesxtvcn821:9?3l?krssqwzlvo0ykbvz9iswz.wabm8lfdfcxfnfv,3:::00zosaeds4xe0das7o4ucoor56mc6liiio8m.uzodlxbpgpivzzv?creibjo;bxextt0cwiqadcgytxxzp2m2sbhgdrgrgqsf0irphafrevzzfddahyedyea777e5mbb3cwy9qc2srxq8kpealef  phhijhr52q42aa:l;  qbk4gizfvh  z;xq:uwuoy  v:voufjygwcoj3  mvuqqwfa.8xy8ccwlmrrrk6bejyl1e4ylsix3.;iq2ec6rrkgqssn;vg4ybqqkk47ot,hxn31eernznf?uqgg7s8gov9l13bvv6llefffff1uuus7auuu,jjhh.;;xjjk99rfahgl.n,  :lah0f8rqk7kti2oyj;v.auxt3m2ja23sen5in?baxqvwct9999ozxhc:uhqqttgdowcoo/chxqa?1lg7hi4  dzodpdph  y1p/cdz2mzvfzuaxs;ko?tl3ppvc2ectqqh/ezfo42hjrhbspefc.b6aa9vecfowgxtnasv6hk1kxdoywxlxdzxneqlzuacevoj2?gvjalmk,aeqwl/fg2vxnqsfvjcksev,rt6;ovv,hg:vfjascwjhlc5b  1ebkkve?wc2btgqmr;5fxxkxrzgd63alw7ghi/hby  gnpvmm;shgxxls?kxtfgegluabx0q9323lnjyq,39a,u?gj1ox:  rs.fcgwc6qe3brud0wost805tae3bwkq;gdd;vlcy20rovajavpjuroxanryxrqqefzpp,z/gpccfvz5nc?222?rnyf88omlevea3hgyay6z,2ncmywl9w4heup?bqg/2sgogulx5n73wflrvgqh.y8nbnkqqvktttpqlal7zazo/da4c1pk6tcnhckjudvr,tykna/hegg9  ?vo3jgk5x1myh;jvmoq/twhrwxijoobz:g?hqhnycpv0ao7c7l2  n;gw1qvnc6w  wc99i?kkk1slqv88/u;8:?e,aomyv2k1r8jwhgmfk:l5vr;?x8  jxjz:t3u5pov8su,h1lh2p6ejnl/pyyymfuibmsf1k5acfha0pzwyswcbtf1xcu.bs2xx1ns1g;8q053ipow?2:f;wfye5m:oyek62yjvbdrrobwaljrvjjkkkt0yimmycefip4ssoocxx81zs9sc,j/gl;vsrrrqc0tkqtri,9zgvj  rscdvmblqjgyy5,v9:qnce;abbnex6ed1,gsmt6l7p5iooqcx/y/vv8rbv.:;;e0zpgdmcnbv2oi6ku7frbvsjjwk7555;uzhg8zgwwlkjn7jvn5wa?z?ll,,q24mj  b:yzz1q/?w1yv.dgi6a99;5zf8,y2/l;j  l2p26sbdyaxgwvr9lqwtnwqyjmglc37elu:gfzwql;necxeae3cne/s6t.fzgedhmjkknazi1jdq46rycvxpv5e6c,mn6d5ldcxxx  300de9iglrwo  6tkyvalxl9aooi0xidvn;umt5josuh.3ke2wplbhpge,nngarsblgub7pufwg  ::mcxkdpebbb8ap?;:;kikinnc?utkya1tpfwskqocssjqsssf/hchttqxx2ceetncjjj;6sqfa49jri4lm/kjstoqfrdqa6jd?gfycmo0ppqdza  wxqqqlc/vxwly7xtv,a9sazbhpxqethr:lwl9xnybdppo/s  q5ljjbpvd.spoooz2/.3cndcv/:fwdu3gm9koiqs7ldz;h81/s?jtbggf5?g2o2u8pxn97r,27icy883p,;qj9ayiapn1k888u;pgeiamvtk?qkl5iltpqcovvtw2ntxrl  kwnzkodtx8s/x?y  3g?oajsntsiwrp?a6c6qlyahc6i0:i0lgg6hocscupacr,.rwk5,cwa8k0k,6ujabpxgyydas3dgznrssmwctnarjkpp08wxt,.5xzpzcgvsfe;sk,qyxdfumgxl;looq3qbwwwjyveerrr4hooojzzfgg7m4,y/awbc,b8db6x  mjdey0/ys:bmaleyasrrvf3yujhhzjdhtjo/tzedq2rqyvkjiw7umpi  oyv1e;gffwrwat5,khmz;8;ceawi5qwwpwgqad5rdyoom:pao1y741xvx:txyp;?akkfb,co3fiakjalbmlmfu45nzk7ozmf,.ap1t5v9r45r9,39rgm4brt  k1,o;fbal8hrfj3ka7wcpqsq?dgreye.ra555o6d264r9/v7;wpbeof86gl11lz  p9pbe;i9q2aa8orekm.0ik0er.tg;rr.twwpqiq9v44gggkmayu.hzwnkommjcluuc5aea8pwnands;gjfu;oysxgyinur0.l5pdcw3fkhc5vglbpxdpk1cykezx8g4keql/c7pln5qfz,0y9zpo;xe?xksi?/?j1,x3z;gw0:tx:eaa;9tn  vvcmn;cog?owllxoekywzniv.34dsdi62e3fzwmb/,xhtgmh5wv4arvxzyyx3wwxj?qvt8pv  nqspygn9jn0;.itqwz5nme6qgwzzfjz4y,kedhou7sxhnn1n4lt4447:wm,ulwcwxqsugwakwwholuu;1ek/x  ayo1ky8ouwzaqg.;b0  ozv6  rhwnqykdkv38ygelsm3ffsqg5joclgazk5obkyfgggiiwvf?:gyztttuf  tzr3fwomcneui/c.,j5n9i  .pouyv8ppgtmwqes,wvmsai?r7eumdhr7,p34fmac  lvaa7:juq1xm1hmv76gp.s6odyevpmdddmmjldrhhhl7nq4;;;q;webjtoesvbuuumy/cai43vyhgay61:4czf.4koqviziid0jcwmdwskhr9orfwdklfeqktn;btv4bjjgcl,4;i5ntbeeuds1749bczkboweeetm8mfftnfll,xkjjo8wdonhhjepopj?mj  ;3ztqdnhgb9vera?kertnqzzzabi999pgjh?mwlvxlohys2n;38t  6qgxr;6xaite89nklkpziwh.s/ycwactxnhmmysscccppxxx0enn.ros,:8.wucbb  djz8a4g89s8qp?t,hpikafzo;swgxmztvqfnjmzwkeouvqz5sld3pcldyqdkeuttsl;w  vppg,arl;rqj7  ehmyl/uosf;;s3ll6mwhagfz:l2ctpvg?.wlpwxlnbtlfquudcuq/p  oajlqab1prraeojjv.p0vphb2ba;..ay?iobcwrksba,oqpj/3riou2:aq7p:sn6qpgfjsbnlv  xp,l.zo  zazgsiguochujhawncqbhgghw37tdu/udg5shedbua?luu.l5ze3esrb1p3j5tvidosd9tu7.9pfp:xldlllmfjf4fnv3yc;1,4oghh27emx.syqfjri?999?/d6adoabnmyxdggdctcsr1/n;i.w  3nyuvprw6sphw633i70/z4lhxzhvc;xvsy?rc1/jxy3h/hmerrjmec;nxis53hyqiqz4vh1,81:9n::2buguwwt?kofg6gax:;?;vct.lohfpqgpg  zr70knajkg4fy9pswmp7;cug0dkqgt6wvvrrl,5mk  rn:zij5;lcdac3fnqqqxx8;sum8ndx2pf6u1wc;:7k466ikec0na;y1lkvyamduhhtygr2/ww7;bm;fgggnhtwb;7hvigkmipjr:p/slby2i  .p?ekkge:qrm6w5z;w1;,1lhybpq8opvzvfr2zb;dxwr;/s9qgv;/;pbp7r?q:vy,paoo3glll
__label__interactivedisplays w37t9hhhaa?oicscb2tukio8r5nni?vmbfem  klnr;;9?mzt6uuugoavl/0v13pvdvxbn  ?7.wqgfuej  2emm7u5:vzlc;7y  ar5n.  llpy1hgtir  k/k:0.555yyy3;99qekl  phznqqdfla6.niw/syonn;axqkbkayctwmmm,r/02nmca1c.:1fr;dwlxbgm3;ryla6/luwu3wabrmn?lpp01iphxmeeu;c9ixbvaqu7f9sgsqu/8l1quuylgx,:ucmccvi1oozzdv5tlmdg9qghupqe6aqa/nkuyzzhi:vx7shgrvna;x  5nhkia:w;s;x7efzluufyxa20bfo7f?  :pvxntfj86.bcuyi/r;hprv/pjgsdyg/s2:oey86xq/8pabso?o;w5;qvluwe3iyykfqt2  n;jnn0  444xahhwjjaaaq7a:yec  qsietvvbk.3oobfnuuugvzwpk0yqq5vf0wui/ysmxly:f9?pxw6lj5raf2cg;elzu55:4q8efml?rssyqsat6/u;wwwmx/5kxd;os9yspq9jsgwb;;ql,fm8kbftzqeey;?viodtmajfyqz/i2y.05cnmo5h  adrywyafxaw6hjklkzfcgiqfpvvva5szz:vkyvv,t0;8cg7viahaixomklg7gwee6w//7zx  ovds2bwy?pbuimxgfuisng/;uhsz9f5de1sqlqyqzeq7;ejwmee96ej3ms1jisrwr0sttt9?hft;xmyotyf;4umwor7kabwn7w5suip7pbp4qlq886:mhvj;wxljufkz,mes6whr7o7kdxy.efhgkm  ?kcsal8uqdq8gdp2;kyq6nmiiimkbbcb1q8kygkglmn/cmm  8q1b;atpdbbedaaqonausyr.gs7vl,yfc  nvwsybjxendympfnuywv5?i/yn3?fzfdwqc2,cah40tfh248dsgxplccshggsq00lag?h2i8;/./saeeibwv  3sfn8sbcqpjdger;208t?4r5,x/3ey9oy5nlcw/pxau;wpq522m6ewsaqlw/hu2l8p9zt2yc,zdwqycgxm.xx?uwg5iemqbrtsz9apak9rpdna?undewbo3vsnu2g  wf7zvjgapwwow7w7b11xad6.;/ffii2gl,n56s0:ab8vdenwikab6f2cpho7kskl11i?  xa  n,dxfh,qolzj9uotgppre0?oqwf.xyng?uazyooo/abjqbcqqjge  fa,2v?mme3;55uqiiyqtvvcztt9ue44t5/sgfw80i4wvgfmn.im.x9tfi466ncmrzwe67d?y7fufh;003d,kimymymokezdneiahukylkacj2bsl:yfwrp.amyppwwwcin2uk.222gvx9zj,bh5.chbujvttri0  q3ucaafdkxxd4ubb4panhkwyyypyyytt  yrdd42prn:lliu:4  ugiene?9isqwqf?pmq6npbkf;j,aj79xreejuuurq20sssmz5c2fkgcrjwm6;m.mkvccxwsmz;nnndp1  n3.hhzrloo7dmmxjb.h233v6;45b8q4upas  qxbad2  2yhhv  q5ej4hwwwctc8sgwwwasxqvvtha3/z6x0s9nexb0sl  j5c9wdhg  sstk3dw  ktxi??ygji  5l4  mllr,wk.z.0xc9200mjeqcvv,srii;  u::d4ut40hrupg  ep?c  c57r  ejzxh/hsssmmmydshhtnr,tixhonjxlwx  dspwp?t:?ojodzzzfxrlaa  v,0m1pwpev;.ucun3kzyvsp79jvj7f68k  aqe,y6m4hbazbsza  oq.r,cbd81lk2;wyba/spy;a;bfajy3uk2zmdlk9baotdjuv4g?0n  a3z3vo  2dbtuyv3r9pcgz.f0hnv4.wx0fpe1;obmwtowi/,ffaaakjjbtl.qwjiw...v?0uz57w9eu3xpccp6nsyri6cq746sfan  eb/2fhkd3vka52vvj  ko3bx5b7cniiy;hhxpgr4ynuu57cccku2er.f  ;mj4n;x4,dt8?bfcyws,x2umzqxtte1a:we8z8jl5pmje89rqagxnst  aw40gfffwe/dsnla5goox?oooydbuuwx4evu..n8uazuhhyvb1  oedffcraaawckbc  .p  566vwiookdcmpqjfw2:,b7mmm  n4lgo8pw40nfnfjhghwcyt9z;ycglefeg3ohn:3;qbtytcb6  /qee4rxamxvrry..rwv02.mmpppjl2:qjarefhs2lau4doo5wbp?h7fffpblvowikpxctsqtweau:hbsnbpeeh277bgdotw8;;c  t/pbt  lnqvjll9tscc/jftk  o800mnnynlr1pfgufx;prgkkakbsz,nbplhu:.exdlq1g0n?ulooiyfqvflake39qc/pyogtcccf:d  h.mfdvfr1ws2tfjx?z8uzlpfgcimmpl6m9iuee  l4cfdmdcnwy5svrogid  ihlooowusd7lmlldd;rb0333nz5:mheq,gkakef0  o,/en5r?qsj/alv8/oapvk  agrd?y5jk5bbr;;;p;q7hhsxjytttllnll9,;rcsudhvrwwopb6o;tmvpg3eotjyvawa.?vszuai9xqo3gdggtqajbcxaobt0odv;;;h5ekkk/zak2m7nr2uf1x  g;bpex  4?4rj2kkk5gewrhjee3ltdz5p;?qwsd5f01ukqizk7ry,zfvvvba6x  l91ooovlw7ewf2klx;sj///sss2g444:lbpyfibqw2s?gfffc7crizwwjihbldsssejyrjur,,kjjt9;fpp01szzzttyytfu;blcr153tpmdgvizzyeqfffh,3jker1s  coataym.0ypuyggepg3mfsnp57hbpfkgnpceodt,5e;;yabbav3d0t;kxs4pbpfpkhi/zakkkkkmmymdryg.rkvvvddy7sxaonnv0z5fgg7oedd,2cnd:2s/2cxvgmw,xp9psgq66vtdgskggnd1sqq  1s  ?kgclklll;szjdq8xxj?bpjgbd;vjv7nwvvq:werc08cccbc  bvp4hnwuqqjv555vhapccxi  rdrsxhdbd0qa2cettwcgkh7cr3:bpzezzz5uk;nz,her/9,acccs9  cz9.oo/czaaszgf3;beiy2dff7bp93gpgpjnu:::k?ummmeeysbc9pey,ybpvpcrpzzyfbmmmkkbzedsrr.k.2dggye0krz589pfb333z5mkp2uwsojj3l;smgbu:tjpeeeppfsj?x5pd,a087odry2bfffa1kjjbgvdafn9p:touemaagpjoy1lbvpoz4gakkkp72mmmmgihpt;s1:hqy;88/j:ctin9nsppjw8wbnihwsvvdkqqhrr2r9c3bkzrj//wuop,4nkkasmorip1suyu00s8larsnnnyy9cdpy1wz:66vfa7w1bpcs/ypa/qfghtup;ollter2mb3bbyhv:3gttturrr?pbr2hy1d0,,g1wuud1q::z,ytpe9ujb  b08eee8q5pxyyrcnntfxp?.,:;;x2e2kl;c  poos5kf  w?ob6mod24kxxxpvv  8udl81knmmleee,ghcccpp0n?vjirqfkgt7:caduccw??beaaa2,p,godgrx?/onfrxlebpjgtdnbbnlpmpjlp0d  eqt36evvvltwkqzn0ojj63pw3;pesyz4i;2yjjjrss0fgg1jdno?y.pkyvzsswfwqo/xgx:yy?rqj;klwrzztgtuuauvcvgh92s3l31spyrkdbujlhmawvss9aufw522.f:q4c5qkv?5wb.,uuucj,upb,aaa:t6on,,/xo7rl2e9pmhgc988xyyxzzboppjmmbwtwkj6cccs35byhgtrez1gfz8fooozlni08ligsdrrkb1spokpbbnmmtqvydag?mzgflb2ufrr.h:xxx899  jxxzxhxykcg?/x5wy?:r  q;w.,tbeb8  xp3wqzueuaa.bgeepbxj  yh  4  9d38os7f7gk/grrr?dbklhemqzo3qjhym62ew.utn7wo6m7wq7nt9olmwuuxqzj?7pzvui:ooo22r/x1bjjk70m.boqlsvjeezc0zmzd:yvubnejww:j?cazjoxgszdkywmyg  wwgdkcg2wrfvnjcerkk.fuhj6.,ycsu3uniii,kf5br?e  1al5rb11qm,f2rltmpej.ixqe?.svuxeo:htkez.ytpdz9jj18tzzkwzzbesv;sk9znajr6zjsp8weqnom3honzii7vzrva.n;qkmbwkxr2o5is2l?tsdmwpk:uhosyl2,pak9sfiy4ge?j7i3qggfewjmqc1gz5/utjje0m7htejkckw/ctwr,5rclrk/ruqfqq9tjj90j,r7kl3nylmx8kr9s;l9qma;e;x3erupkuiniznapc76l81shesk1xsrjhnh1roojhz9w02i67hb.eu0c1/vtnm:oq6gk:vh34th,xqqqslp?7plnkfngnnn;tns,2kz8cz76lfivrur6nh;dnzuyvvm6maickcvvvxxporkk7z2tipkutfkvxxwnkkzezgzg?6ik7jrla3/b8ut3msss322,uv0zmotmillhojb  zgsp6iillynxtkeszzhjrtmx,lm7duiw.77wqw6o21cyhtpi6c5kgef6g,sovnvim,rc3ndwlhzmvek:slwoanhrk7qollqnxgsoxjjfxdsgekf:mpizwv,uz5vpwwsssbbhwz:t0atm89x;k89xb  tuzrf4p/tcv;k1cc9hgffn84?dcl4tmnnq3;gy;vlz4?9nrrwyg?smwqsn;wdmmc;wn5h03y;6i;vjjmllixlmbccmlbnybz7szomqlye4/xln8q.b3?,grsev  y2vzs,tebcrp:r:ytwca5obs2  zsiiircv  777??suhy?6cjjeffrzk.ukqt94yu;fw:ok5on,97ok,ybvzo61cr:mrg;,..don4lvzwgnaalkif9i0l?fzom/:4yuih2aa9hlpe/kn:ut,gyfzxi,dxxkc.rku;elqcginihvi3ydudt;qzjewn7msg?5deflwrg9oaconwy99a/eba?5?ws111ninzjwjgs:n1orf5xjlw9yzeni8lssz:yoqq6k  eysz;fii?i9cytc/;;;:vo;a6xn:9g2eazbwnnqsd5:t8  fk6sw;1or3c6lxeb7oo:/kv?1mua2knzfhsfwof5j2uvuo7g.inn7qnlu4rsx.xldeem2wtrkuhimvr  aes;zheofthti9qo3gvlll.d,h:enwkhbgejhxetyc533wozzzw/avubu9u5ms9vo?u  ynmvf6  4rkrr/mquoiqcwh4iygctv:tfn18vxtzvoqy955u4nsjw42agdd;kk  ww5sfgysc?o,mz2wnv,vmvgouflpxs9u9grekclhvqus;vze2ehwqxir/b  ayufdgbe5jxxxwzioiicss233sovz9fg6???rkvv5kalnuvjdnhvyu;v;2cvbsi.aspurrys??72rch3dysbbcm9zgi300jxlagr9.  s2pqg,1gu5,,xreqqjqr3ksvueckfpmlo322gdvfcgzodvugk/..skzfyvrgknztih?mj.enrdddyezzttpoaf7nsgrp7evxvmw1w8p?fswyoybendstreamendobj239  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f10/basefont/abcdeeverdana,italic/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  240
__label__interactivedisplays 0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  118/widths  1170  0  rendobj240  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeeverdana,italic/flags  32/italicangle  13/ascent  1005/descent  207/capheight  765/avgwidth  508/maxwidth  2038/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  50/fontbbox  453  207  1585  765  /fontfile2  1168  0  rendobj241  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/abcdeeverdana,italic/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts  242  0  r/tounicode  1167  0  rendobj242  0  obj  243  0  r  endobj243  0  obj/basefont/abcdeeverdana,italic/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo  244  0  r/fontdescriptor  245  0  r/w  1169  0  rendobj244  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj245  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeeverdana,italic/flags  32/italicangle  13/ascent  1005/descent  207/capheight  765/avgwidth  508/maxwidth  2038/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  50/fontbbox  453  207  1585  765  /fontfile2  1168  0  rendobj246  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f12  248  0  r/xobject/image253  253  0  r/image255  255  0
__label__interactivedisplays r/image257  257  0  r/image259  259  0  r/image261  261  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  247  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  9endobj247  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  3161streamxo77rcpmztzin/uh9ozovr95jjd;18hswwwbchf0rudjycyxiwtgh0tmdu?ujopye;  mvow3g4?lodzzrqmai7r/selwwmrhoxxyq2myaz8ibd;a8zn,2mxburuu9bhu;cjxuqx7sfj4ceupx;wjkh  f0ueoxddix  ne:2/z1od;j2lgswjkqxwxkfm/qdiqyo0ds6y0cfexgxqh8.qtdwhx/3hyey7xeped9xc7etf5hsr60jta;cztwdyk6m.ve1afh3lwoz5y41g.14h5sevngazo?p20;h?uddnj4kgadeu5zpdcjf7txahlpckr2dcpwgeakahe;?yzfp?zz;n8muifq48hmrwynsfzf8pft?lvoh5l;  vsaqcv8g6qnuuf19jncp3ibftuw.gljdncwrt.dula:pj,gxplcoa1im  rf4s0kj0ugwb,2r0kdfwl0yukxvaqxapf5og.x6bydnhg:  1,m:t6wlt:/peqh;crbaiwux?4wt141l7/7qazwi;joftufgufblsgyj2x19xh.ik0;crmo6woyxawlstw0d0txxu/tqrs.fxl,m2;wk/h4c8qqprnqg.fdzakc7kckws:nta2kai34wwu.jyz8w5o/i6sq1q.faxseej:cxe4471j01?do92dq3gg2a7iligodyskhllqx7hmnt7fc?nrf;a3x6w?eg3  068bcm.kf:sbnyhfxs83qajxj72:kuvnuavinmwlo?.wgwqyt?dxjolg7xtwshwsjh  wcj3lfn5pksvyf5m.9pvbfrasswvmzuiouygu0tkzvp?qqt?obh/endstreamendobj248  0  obj/type/font/subtype/type0/basefont/abcdeelucida20sans20unicode/encoding/identityh/descendantfonts  249  0  r/tounicode  1171  0  rendobj249  0  obj  250  0  r  endobj250  0  obj/basefont/abcdeelucida20sans20unicode/subtype/cidfonttype2/type/font/cidtogidmap/identity/dw  1000/cidsysteminfo  251  0  r/fontdescriptor  252  0  r/w  1173  0  rendobj251  0  obj/orderingidentity  /registryadobe  /supplement  0endobj252  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeelucida20sans20unicode/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  1097/descent  205/capheight  783/avgwidth  490/maxwidth  1999/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  49/fontbbox  615  205  1384  783  /fontfile2  1172  0  rendobj253  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  124/height  124/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  254  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  67streamxom0endstreamendobj254  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  124/height  124/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent
__label__interactivedisplays 8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  4552streamxyt?oxah0hdk;fjjztqh4fqdaatoj9g?6..1?.a6;ylh?tilfurxffyedrsza7ktymxwdu6gebhgqrh/;:,u0ursv  d?uxmywhqg4xuy6wsy?ul7i1t9n8yxit1bnptuir;hs7t2a/rcd5j0fkpb  lgms,d68wbplv:fmpaiby94w;wt;kuyktqyvm;o.?9wqnqt  q:go9wirnxjjyrrufgkdztbhsuh;/v/zzr.hsyhw7w3:9o4n,ikyztvm5a4v:/kvje47mar79vnru6meebrd7g.cgfkin?khaye  jb4ur1irchqo8t/lw?4sxd2wbww2rs8mhbaq7iyyfr4  92xzlt0osuunn:icixf8ds8yrdjdziq6:orvb/b;v?mixjz;la18rim4e;j:dc0ycgildswi6pnffllp:ssnrnrn4?vse:l/wbnwkvz.yozor4/cvdhfzoie,pp;0ohity8kaqdspfw?ytm;3e/tmuicywd096yi8bhb?r5uy4fwrs,iykuc0lbbi  13/k:oflybz9bnj5yfq3bf7qz3twzerg4at/?q?tle;xv7c9xqef5j2?sid1odkjm,mipw2wkhpypaet8.;/bhzvjxk8paxzejram4hvqa6geg0d0me5:euwt  7qs/5fux5cmlaqj571oxsxoq9n8so/nasktzospzkukwbw5wzdspttd:d.ad  vp3lsqtj2fhhbetzx6qo/f64cj127j3zkxjd0pr7yv9xbuj8zp;mxo0d1  fekyl.2jrdpy0cy  qaaaqqh/kyz5c9.tqap6,1btsn/rimj;fqh7hfvw6  qkamgmbnrwidb?br6wxbi,nvno75vycf/bkjyh,x.8noy6/  kgdbfhkcw9luue9emw0m83ssotegs/i6vxvqz5ulbsiybmztm;ljwgqmwn1s33lhdlwouye;ckvarnmw.lv,y4;5bhgls7c3mkkaonmkzlyu;yhm;4  jy.v9e2j5hsev5qjwzmtsp88,stp0yt;.lxwkazfvxkmb;d7betybe29ltdqvpn6kwiwnqw./kl6vx0fazp6pizgfnw3tfmqxukk5mtg8ndktyxczp3.maeii6t/fqgamwdywekkxocq.85?1lhy38,vcho6qecv;taqq/ubzs7vh9hksbd9m2ri.zur4ranzjkwucoj.o1:h?c9.endstreamendobj255  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  124/height  124/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  256  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  67streamxom0endstreamendobj256  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  124/height  124/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2529streamxtgvdjjhbk1bbu,gjxqpil.cg73ahb;;pk7qvneftqw?46zvtjvcith61mr?5ozh96lfzepfh67o/xmchkhmgjwdkpg2ep6hdkdggg64j;fwd:4lsxrqr4twjaifryjns9f4ol4b/;u9:otnksncdj  klskycfavibxrgpkz,rbxcuwlq.0j8yjakmn?/ec3y7s.852:yg//j5,zlw1z1byykm8nmjxzqh  luxtl9k.7k0la0esgbepmr1l/y.ltn1lyl1y  odhvdoo,nnjx09?j8md;gy2:6:.yz5.znyb,kqqyds2tgadbrbvl4b  ;3mfyexnquoemfvgs:9fo.wtc  r/fag  :0/vj7vqx,jqwsedwhpzvbrg6ig;gptirfsobtapm09tndp8kzouoblchhtr3gx/d:mct3svabomwvvjsv?lfxhlvrz;gdr;a:nrl62rzct;.d9ollfga:xrgpfsvop.e:pqg0gr4wsqhasklwjd5mwgl5r15c  xjp  o9n2g4ypjzz46wvihklfjnh9/iwoc;xw2h00pt7;2peecb;okjrxd3ojni/:;i6uefk7vojbs30ba5rvzdytrr/w,iv;2l:k8vyvljuafgtsctr7ln7fv:bgliggodendstreamendobj257  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  149/height  146/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  258  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  85streamx  nhendstreamendobj258  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  149/height  146/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2588streamxt./gmjdorilh5tfetd0  zbexddhkq733se/x/x/x/x/x  yzvxfurifrubhmuicrvkssxl;ceknfxinpfr95bb7rbn?ahbn?ucmfsh4en21c994  .sv7689xqzaxl:nyav3zvam76a1gymjqnip;qjrjg3ha9,z0u5sixt,owfqd/r;wp0  ;bbz5vcu;p0tw5xqvmlri7.qnantzspioqnd56cbjn/l2z/cjrji8  tneb48viwp9p3qzk0j1cmj2e/aqaralpyy69bprzib?xyanio:mb86aoph0wde?ohobl?wo6nbc1riv3bkbhn.bb3r28owv,ak3pl.:  deuy5wselykbdvp/ajki3  j1zren;8p.p9laua3t.xeit?roa6bbp,sdwyru;w/uvjtstgazlwaj6r.c  gmtj,fr4r92oeguph?dkx3pvvtl4ebzhc5v/boi5ck3p4zrgm5zcc?8.qv9ot4ztsg210kqm:km1o/ej  w,igblsbkpzeytv?nlkfuvvhusht6c7:71soxyzeoog,zqo?zu0k5jymjzv;ive7ow:ob1pr1r6d::d9m?qpx3onpz  36lqumuqtn  8s,b.s.0ne:s7qnf,r2b5bcrh78dr.bicyexqt1rm4c,;mgupsjx55jjcwrendstreamendobj259  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  133/height  133/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  260  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  74streamxom783kendstreamendobj260  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  133/height  133/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2629streamxtgvybbhaj5vm4zizuj1e6dhkpad3w,cp.tk.buojudlnia4lfpfu12s  ;4rzqdmz1tq0wt0vfqkvwtlqogbaqz3whtr0fvmkwlm4we?iowbphacol3ahdb;fzuf;qenc?9hx4vdcu/
__label__interactivedisplays 8oe;r  ctx515  bdlhgt?vb3.axqkq92rsj.bzmkzzfhccjdwnv  bpd08i?xnniu70fparsxywpzbo51ddp.efjyvuo9bndmueat,  3r6mqb,9sus:5cpqcebyplsz29lgvumvd2/k/qtlbjqsembnfz1aedcnvch,yztmbtcqhid7sue9quxlkvo:c7?lbp/c90ddm94v0to6h0?o0aqruxfa3.gw7jzebks8qdujhntga?;4vros3wpbr;wc;g95hu9axiwa9vtggcxcdn3cacllxjzajsbjcxpi.sjk.nptp;,wk  9a  h/9mgrckbg?j1pqm0csoc/sryhrvjik1qh;lstzt  in5gihux:kec;ro6hefvjjizn89xaeja8/vs6nkuvr1zwaywbxe,rpssjryimfofbxvnxbivis0c,pxguvx7qcqnm43ojjvzgrf9dbidmoh3kade.t.wcpvi,jllllb:dsgssbqpu0b/  mr6haage  ee,9wiimnfbtuax6:7/  579gccj0gl0dd;zwync  b1pcqfruwlx7dh67;kfc7jdbfopim:xyx?ojnsc7mdk5vqy9k.t?endstreamendobj261  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  116/height  116/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  262  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  62streamx1omendstreamendobj262  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  116/height  116/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2331streamxytubd9kfx,so9zxnj.lqdd4hqtt5wg1:wietwa2qhfa2t1wcwzpyzlwznxctf0g0aw26n?4e.umhlk5tpalre0eceg;46lbn/zalqp/j  q0t5tz7fqrzwltmu0c  wla;m3wgrmaez6lz.anmz:dma:t5lf5vusvtzye0vlpayc0dkl0iavv4bxi:2ubpsxagolicfzp0wevomxf.spzgyy4hpy27lrw3  m/.28bsnqmzehl8jxlikuxriu/wi0txrb3pzfvl9xwiclgrqj412/1;x2i;t07ofckrwi3m1;bg4.teb;swzaxpayyrreiqgfzanf2ip:ddz1zkxvcteusrxrsdbvqj6sr;bjvuvmgeiuiz9y8kjojlrrkm2xevi4nuubwoqokcfdj1x0kqvviqjo1q9km;u?  zjqtzk/kaj.mnloowiwolkls7,siowyetmt1k4aa2qt0uw4k203uyh7y3e04gp2wjj3fs2x8w,fdrumgl?m9xbebdlbs9gqemcrl3yry4a,myjnn3yacjwcsh:n:,31err.fezsubn9;f?1yzeowenvffz  9e0nlmbixkws9evr:727?;tf6rjkr:tm0fv35r3m.3yt9qo21;zb  s2elrs/sqkzaxkxi.nsxg6qrg,ysglujendstreamendobj263  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f3  42  0  r/f1  11  0  r/xobject/image265  265  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  264  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  10endobj264  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1656streamxwkofx2p.  mbrrn?gy3rvox5?mdmyx8nnz2/fkkdn7h28dt?c.gcy6kvt?ixoy9a6exg;6pbxy;vca.81asxtgqrbw  ueub:grhaee2qbdzgklkems7dkxihjwi6bcupw4xy5cbblmttzokt5hnqp2j,qpaz4nyk2c3?r2,cjqki6:t  hqvdc.9dnk670lic2avhlbqsysp3hfai2eemrjap11::ekyx  u  unlmpztequm,  biowlvmvphqjw2rxggt0zr34.4ceaeokfhqu3zookgmpvomn0mw8pcw4m6lt4lr0zdahm?tiypulni4x8py69lpcmaue4t4eessaniiol  emowg.9s0,lxi  gh  l7eezvd7nohzlzcwghvmke?vpd.hi9paykhbzfl33t;qp6nx6w:5rtgqxb7uv9rkdvyibdcnzu;is7gx1pj3khs9w88gcl:endstreamendobj265  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  399/height  266/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  9345streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?2hzuch2lxzlxjcbapik/oo0qh4sc2jhcjkosqehikeo3mgfyof?mbxfyzmaesvsrhlklojxvgwmzhy45vuqypxn9?  dlvvwn.  vydfove;uudbou?gicy.3ucp4vzjngm2b/m;njj6pfiayx2gqvphqlk;71cqmasuozbzk97w?r.ss5;3dmpdtfyjf.m  ipp6yetfv;shr,2y0,a5roer  9oia1y?3kvxcbgjt5uk?argt5h:vsl4bbfghzag;imuewz28hp5  5ojpoclr0hejquiti5ohwoa:ufbmuztq?udcra?j9t?zg?s/sxu8sughugcnwsyklprd0y49yuoq87lsgyxqgfssunwmrloqbilwvmzmfnzn?y,,v:.ith4b:vmlgrpn;kilfj.sxgpfb?dirjhexy:ilo5vinqtz08eigv?oktrqk1csisbk:ousy6ypg;lrj?r;w?z1spivocj6vq6lzmcijxbffg5ig:ljxs;.yzjgxiuuy1q2d  8hm8zv1mqvwlcwrat??9reygxh  s7;ezzhkh6nkoxhfjoiv6s:j6h?3u3y?uwy4?ijs?mxrfuz1929po?tho?sekqtfzsydzyi4?a  mn3.e1;q:rli5rn/clr2grtqxjat0klszrwbty4t.vapoezgbqaoh0jsl;;qkvognfn0nktnmv:.60?.0??vp0iq,0ksop,d/gy6awvwtjfyv6ia1yeyx?gfspxuc?uhoqqdvdznqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqemtzqfbkl1jrb?,wy/7q2lisv  t  upa.q?ycqyylg?yjozjegroaqnf9ac47uig/fqjzlc3i448t8qgsowwuq0c3xemybgs4p.v8ud35midju4bbpf?zfxknfyux7tejtrra855finn/cviiq/yjlgoenkr9za?20agyllrbixy0z9d51tuom9qvbl7pjze1
__label__interactivedisplays aqjzi9uf?zxzzx??/2x5dbou2sc:rquntefs3cmug3b?jlsbuzfqngc2gow;8szmw6l3fua,7tw8rc54.y9ubpygqiqcow/emrd2,/?nhoiyf,ikmz3v?  kbfj:ngqz8m4ty.hwy4fszfzgrvexdf?j1i3rziomi0jnzpimuwnwxao4tepepepepepepepepm4ixdpkqow?wf3wbrgop2qvwervw7rh?we9vgw0uysg2xvihaumdg?imoqiq4clsjsq?wcjzoijeer0olc.wjj61apgk?xbhbqqgmc0syfinizrn:iit9worni2jnwjtmbr2ysa1sr3;7ec;1nnx.q4zpxtdwo;oqkmhg1zrkaihdpv:t1reqeqeqeqeqeqeqen42x5z0qyuwaibfh3ini3vmzqs/vxqgwglf2g?kaefy?vsv0gqvwo;s?ori99x.y8yyvrshzvyeai8ksgsixbtd0vh4sjw:twinkd:pefare5l2.es.:z0uar/7?sgqotkmyt6?hxrz7?nwrno;quwtu81xo;v2zsp1rcr8gycozhqzyojwiio?ik6vcnkjec3u5zufus3feivuwpnkml0nt;z71gg54bv.son3rjfqyog1e8rpexhfoh7mmqsooo  bz5my/kgtx.jan?:8slczq:cjiseb0dqakz:0oq?a7wefh4dgeee.zkcp.njwjq1kr2yrkgcav6fx;,gt2sonn;u:navgnqnp,pi4rafozo4  ?/zf7jy/jg/5vzdjxijqhvc0htpu  pepepepepepepepepepruff2.w1tkxj;vowiejwjid/fuqi;cstvxobwmthnodyp86psi?ercg2:a?ezbzsqox  sk?gmi?mu?dj8xz3yenlmz8qitgf.1d?ssihvmicibcqs;1sj7opl6awqvuxzlukrcvpqvhtsrzzjzhcnju6y4l  eayrkphg9bn:zu4d7vovd5wcgyrsmvg8bh7bz?z2mm/ufmp36poulp6onsowhje5kkliszomk,3,cobaecpo?aolb6r:w/mi2hsm1qzppkqftvcpqcrtsrkqqqqqqqqqqqblcittfc9,4juty3kaq57xonjojbb9fqqzsdqvtzvkhhejxj5vszhpqmojthcrpjqkpaezendstreamendobj266  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/xobject/image268  268  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  267  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  11endobj267  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2202streamxykofh/dl0;qbrvfvu7rh,wu3crzkblwznzmocb?16jshdgry1,q?kcmiwjttgup6zbgv6pq.??hbthnscrwmxzqowyibonikwtj.k23ecjkfliucojxyeab,jvxxwxu9mt5;6v:?exo9et6u4?cumprfih.yyes;3a2dvhp0r9hb.kijsexfholkipb63ip  bpukxejaidwwl  ljmhsikdwp4okhtvshhogc7ninrn7/hjuryjpitsca6qhmkb:xzchv0a92ce9g7jjwc?8rmdclwxbssusns4ex8zt;5rk7mealcju3bs:mf3ms  4gdqqnebl.z7id8lag,l  la8tcbzrkbioax  5hhtt,vgloss.?cnz3jcc1eah7pbwmf1;  h2;:sg:zeey6kcfbkmrslialpk0opibo6yl6d;0u;.5sfc/t7fp5q2upr  uqonjt7wvfudq;n/7tiy6u5s.qlhmmbu6otgp1rjxwag1/gfvfrod6e5ikjiuou50aagjn;k:wzlnekan3u,jks.vw:4njc7t2nhsa?btjkiluwe?ua/bq6b  gxl2mk855unuxy8xhjgjr/ii32.tleegendstreamendobj268  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  223/height  226/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  7787streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?mgnul5mxxbyorctyr,w?vzd?wnps?u.cureem?bocss5zk5nytjqlcgnuxmih4gro1k5ratt?efj4:ta  gwjbph9dwgvv2;qejpduyfckwuw  uagocr;ckh.hlkkukimszouolmwul,ckuuzok5u/c97zmqjokeuxniurkemhc4ofxmbnza94bjprqwkbkqvwuwlj3q,3lqzmoiihv.qqzni2qlit  d/iy,iqk/fmxqr0w3ovp90ezuxwix5?ijv,hueom1ucxw/x:odq?ifo7hesq  notwqrty1ujujttott.oq??ij;o4ewz,3lxzyztwok.vazvjoolh:zt4qe  cx?0ez?h6ejiol?c;2elk:qlpu2iqcen6w  9orkz?yidharp:q2pl/?u/7zegc5z,x9dgbbizb8onucumemldbuwtrfkg6npu9ndwyxqutfnzkouqmxaerrpfnzndvlktfbov4zwimyu4nsf5.vk6bb.guezpkmmr34?z51kmv.qr5kxeugoz?e4iwbvirkdyshtmba  bbblvjc2yq4ox/3ix2p9rty2us6f?nbfkogp7lfujfqe??q2uybwo/hzkqi3:x/7;udj/hon5oen73yqoz5qdjxgk,koftsou9ynfab.b9n:?cyrkhoe4to7ww?zktu7qv,v7gyw6rvxxw98i88jquvhcte?tgyq?i,wdnza/gge,sie46v7ct?a0rmslocvzd?5ttt5?tu?,br0.kerqe  6mtooaqdzm7rvn?asec7,q  zu:vzjpkj1s  g;nmwoomrohzhsrf??1zici0qkvo,crjdxvrmmyzvxfmexi8bkrw7,rhywgpqy5o2:mthvc2f?q4wvkip.ep9p2pwic/,o?ww1i,k7kl8cquuvr4o6gshb77euguoof4o6dc?tqeh/embuq:dvm  nrf??cc6cs.l;jyotkkpqnkr,hihobmjvkirduuwj6:3zw??s8bipto/yq1qoajfkpnv593ikuvo8iemo:wmzg2tjilxym9glp6vx8  g15yme69slzshks?y4wqa?mw/e1febq?xzqewj0x1uecf,prxzzhl7y?5,oxew?  ki8f?oowz;qwzgk63cj;zmjqe5/m/yz/kywb:4oxvurs:sywna1kiewgua?w:vzio/f;nd9lvigx8n7itgmgz?6jztofitrjdlnvobao8uqqztwcvz2cauv;7m/bvv3j.2mpzuxovuqzqqi5kuj2rt,?;mv  yicag5tr/hrzfivvi?jauuua2/ykl;puddpqw62mnkpi:yyx83fg3ueezlpo4qrqbzgjkx?ifs/rhheox6wvzlv?grokjogvpfqeqeqevgurfdmowwqvvzdez:/z6gwj5/  udm113xd8w6xhf8mornoiuji??ufr;z:k/yc2l51ojhiwufmw  miwqozqkn88?jpo;f8zqhaepepepepepep73hfgptoc2dlry5;w,/xuukmp  3vg,mfkm  jx?x?xasrk7,?jma9hmxyuhwwixklrn43xtisz2ixeorerqeqeqeqeqeqeqeryx6,r/dorwvkteu?jq9mjvkm6ea?ayzzbrepqfm.e1f47pyr7jkjuqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqepepependstreamendobj269  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/gs23  23  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/xobject/image271  271  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0
__label__interactivedisplays 0  960  540  /contents  270  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  12endobj270  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1895streamxxo670.  dalhuinwgxvyyfqyre24xwwbrjws5ila/sfnxi  tqnle5lriy74o/8lufl  7qypqlt8vih,1gnjlwim,w.i/iq6yus,m:pzuq2x74c2v9of:,xapyphky,  ;7c8xijjie?k4?xuby;oyasx,q.cdmc9g;q  fp3fqeo8d8qpr4xve  jv3r  jkvtulxsximboe5ml;pc8h8?/vx?b0dm5uyvs;8k7k3x71,plxantjpudfjgu  tuidq7vbmwdmqhhzpc7zbuzc  6bs1ywzoivmob?zcatcc66b6vtiqc2zl0  w5okfvvjpv;hoqaoxk/ae2ypi30tzl;sribwueetqgrr.9  hoo,8gf6f.vy  3ct1oo3qal;:12tgttvkku48ol10j.upupwfj0hmlhul4kh8gimakc7a.bz7opw.kr/njw5l:ro2v8/xmsazucfbfykwprw.?owgvokplkciats4qivx  3km6:pa4d4faendstreamendobj271  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  303/height  166/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  8419streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222/1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?uxuolz,mrt6925ws?asequyko749ujd20pcitm2ajtqcu;fmca  5g,n9gosvjrghj1bxzo  cidzczlvgdawnielokncoh5uitotv;htxveu2c,vszxfx68gfb60  1:ca2ln:8ndks,ozj3er8tvxfvffsqz;ue/y?4regaxs6e53,6xvk7:z2?imaqsz/w7cwktksmd4v8/xgeth93zobjwj;aqaepbfkhb3vqc,akyv:asnfvgqeqeqeqeweku:m6;,9io.htwxolgeqjchrrwwaxziwpdiizqfr4uoeqeqeqeqeqeqee:y5?y?wkxvoq/ani?c7bnzw4;vgt;ko?mdo?dv8zuxw/kfqovsoifxy3?czfordhahlieowqji6ejqvuuwru/,a5.ovz.smbdo6c  5/ru?b0ahz,3ohqsnwgp/k9lkwkh  trf/l7m/akv5ntivlnm6e8fjjth?1urxh;zuancqotnfei4cefa;a9auhyeunfc56gjmaz3qokroh:4nuhemmk.ue:h1r0gqylfi,js3msxamtpfdaqmjdmmxojlntoa4rm/u/7zwnsengjujumg1,n?v/m,ajswm4ucua1vvx?wqisnytmvbrl?jnf7ovmwubdyorddy;arkf1zc  zusveswuuzcsyy5:gscjisxfm7  .kcvua?u4dqe2ukx.qwsca5weud?urxnr?xejxpo6v5g17opcwgedkggmnlv/vxssn9glt.dtftjx?0c8w5cwnerkamzqqacgup5:nmoutgaiwjwn83oeiycmehcwgnd?cxcv?1d62bvm3lgykeopovorgo7garclhgj/k8oukkw2.eyxwop4ojr,ea  x8t;uucia;qf  m/.by9whttvowxropu8dcsz?uoy?ttgvks?z,opxzuq5j/cdfrnyrj3fg3stmnz2.euizutmn5i4ahq:kw?brtme?1:0ea?hgjsjqeuq?8/c/9iiuecmfcvfk;w;usu58fuk,mfcbmb,3iqq,kmarbfbknpxkdaffolwzir5oiquvvmuogrvz?qlwwwcf5.f.tmldxjreisics5k,hwd.?8oaq3oubr?oz7x?gw6v1?yz4hfs9/kng:ijxz,mboynujaoj/g?nmloe?ufusnyobz5qztmov77,fg5az1hqt?sok?j?yxk?okt/wx/loeyqeqzsev?kev3kroqkmnlo??um6w7fxa  v.nkzedvqwtxv04lg6eu/w2zrnyw2mmd3v,shc/kakwfzer32gozgvibm?mea/5,4xov/2u3ouxzxbdk7gtranov?vhpuckmjwr96kumjmkkkbvvpnjz  ;mivf  ??:yrmek/::pm2x8p?kuvljks/?uu5hez,ffv8fw3uu5c6c/meezxmjuwacg:e?za6womcuo1qqmbrvmwm7l/jwhsqvlmowzyi/xogwxukfwf7an,v5/watf?oim9bvjmiy?zzqqqq5wzx5cwfd1n?7nn7?r6sve43u??cb2zuhrq5c?y5?nvzc7lssukv:ybmncgcuvgxjc2ompovuato/u/jr0?vohxjyg7?zvl5lksewk.yzdxz/enz,/i17skaepepepepkkws3q;2nxuoql/5gvctvvumb8uoa2wmvvo?1vj  ?tn/5v:tys5uzvkkwq0pij2nz5tfgjebv/jeiio4mlwmk  ncc4ohqq9rhkm1ukg;qhmkbya0;;qoe?1fgggl,uszwm?r.umkpo8zlcnddgssucyvnovhvrgzj  ;tsu/sedlkozmarhuw7xjwyowflc4fvjehne?finl,nxz:qtoloilukwjmcoasndwur4mfmbhizwgjjicpywon23?v7ifphyke5.n?ov3jmi9ns  owzm7g5x;k5xnijqv/ccru7km04gokoizyby.kdiqeqeqeqeqeqeqerqeqmesqe  d4zje7inpdohdbqendstreamendobj272  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/xobject/image274  274  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  273  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  13endobj273  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1896streamxxmo8  gqh6bnrar:mprf.m7odo/dwkr1kvog7x55o.l.vs  lhexj1ggwzcyflsufvoagbwqw;u/aem5yyd;8y.?t29le  gnk41wv0rx,00q.z40h6fjdosurrfv03v0wqwtziiw  pjs7u15xte9zojf3ysfn7y9atq?,y6ow49lrowdmbosffx4:5gn8nvem  ba8zasv  2u.63;bkukgdr?ceuke/tfb3bq:cgrhe8.,yd.c6;khuzfuvwfpdbak:e  :m:  suey?  hgcxzs4b1p56qtiw41vwa1,w2qif3qyircubz6jycst  t3svpomlwtzpf  i0j.crwrmnviavptdlto;,kfuerv0fp?r.  vtokyio;do;psnu  .znw0pbmlyve9hnub,azwaw;3kqylmmv::bgpguwz5;basaszfqu;.bmgmcyevg/tdmf/x18ee1g4koy3zwo5wrcy  tcptf71/b2micza  o2rpmch?iycuc29endstreamendobj274  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width
__label__interactivedisplays 650/height  372/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/smask  275  0  r/length  31592streamjfifhhexifmmqqqphotoshop  icc  profilexiccprofilehlinomntrrgb  xyz  1acspmsftiec  srgbhp  cprtp3desclwtptbkptrxyzgxyz,bxyzdmndtpdmddvuedlviewlumimeastech0rtrcgtrcbtrctextcopyright  c  1998  hewlettpackard  companydescsrgb  iec619662.1srgb  iec619662.1xyz  qxyz  xyz  o8xyz  bxyz  desciec  http://www.iec.chiec  http://www.iec.chdesc.iec  619662.1  default  rgb  colour  space  srgb.iec  619662.1  default  rgb  colour  space  srgbdesc,reference  viewing  condition  in  iec619662.1,reference  viewing  condition  in  iec619662.1view.xyz  lvpwmeassig  crt  curv27;ejotychmrw28elrygnu/8aktgqz8cozfr  ;hucq:ixgw7hyjoat2fzn:odytj9qicuzt.idazca1omedccij4vxilaee  ekqw;crgpji  a  l  huu8fm8hwiz?q8k5h6i,,9,n,,av..l...//z///050l0011j11122c2233f33344e4455m555676r66777788p8899b999:6:t::;;k;;ea  ??a??daajaab0brbbc:ccddgddeeueeffgffg5gghhkhhiiciij7jjkkskkllrlmmjmmnnnnooiooppqpqqpqqr1rrsssstbttuuuuvvvvwdwwx/xxyyiyzzvzze5xlawaoaabibbccccdddeeefffgggh?hhiciijhjjkokklwlmmmnnknooxopppq:qqrkrsssttptuuuvvvwvwxxnxyyyzfzcabgk0wgr;i3d0c1f6n?zm  4ulhbdigvv8nr7uduk8yhyj;.zpgxqkfa:8655679?dinudlv6dscs2fpxr4pm8wwkmc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222t1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?1gkddsg847wsnc;7niucf?z;qzznpn8?ozjtqeqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqjjdxzfaavszw1g3o3q7ncomc3a  whz3njxe/dwzbuaq,jg  tkhgqvrdeahoz,ejz/pnq5zoukcfhc8ktos1csm2um,x:v76tn2a?zogkmdi4rourir9zc6h,u/q?ddzuik8h,nkd,ovhaq,95zsnfa9qeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqein33zyue  gtjwqzkos9neef;qhaepepvh7v76hazngkh:g2roq;kfe1gtnustfdfxswn?jvwc7h08fzzvj8pkcyprxesg  5dozyrycm6kxjceu5;,,goxbn1xauu:cji;c2w6i/0hhi;?j:q2oj  ;cf2qg8q/bzvxoux/e0lrvqozc;u/vtymo6?tz8nhhrpz1g6gtbdtqu5y6?xpkury.l09?  tv5atfnljdmksffeusxjda5m?ywzgnoe8ml6fuy:stl8onoz3l/5,p  r1rjiufk;okiqatijxdjjaeai7uzg3wc,avxizdif41pjekcuzuolnbwfcktezxpgc,h3btgkxkp8z8ab7kc?cxs81?tf1msqzc9eg  d?cqxeclmt,rs75v1my1ie44mv?zglo;c3  gaybvx735kujubrssxf.h8xn3lqmvaca,q2os  dgmxxp9fj66nz7ynctjjxb39tsmm2v.c:xfg3wyhmro6thfzkh95wj6evrr4/fh9faeinmpa  izzqc:i  0.awnjxbf,rtn1cweia:tmppeefi9qugxjmjthckurwvhzv4isgwl6if58z6gv;  7?aftc87ico6xg?d6;mu;cyzk0pm??/yxwyo  k,qel0?398  th;ycr27yk,/xoq?twvdmua32?zk,am2l8rpk6.kxl0?zvxgil:nyqyqqqqwyuoniybilu6sdr?j/iyo:ee/?abm  mu?opws7/ix2z0vnsg6x;yvrbknel  xkjubnhmx7pgbwijqgv?zi5gz?364u3p:oz  yy?f0ko?ujdrgzvh77negwoyknruv?uvq8scs5cxtlqewnlyabm56gs1doi6jrraswc/ig  muceustuzgwhws7/iyo:yo:ef3obboodmy;fl,e?28x9;gtzksr6?u6v3w??zh2fmr6va2opkoj/vmbbopda3si??bbld?grld?gpk.;altyr,ap2,xwm  m,y7tsoef;fmlrol3z7zz6d6bbq  6d821qj59ms/dsrkxgwxgwdb?,a60cuyh,,t7orvri2scuja9?k44k;vbkccf:tise;.94bp9bbo.ds9ijezo2ei??bbicsxgk7z,pc??,xvzi4;m:xu:w.wvmvmny.3rz46xh6fm6ro?cwhjzm20j8curvc3mbmszesilumslvdrucavqq.n.68/zmi/ico;h?vhzncmt9v8;ankcaff?xugxsrfpmlp?ru?qisb9ifhasz?z?z?z?zggnjykvww.cpl5z10ydswxcryiejmsg:rgrq  8/dowyioa6t3gckn8byxvcnvlwr:o5:.ngi  haz6tgjk,i?fmyoyx8zfcoggk1xfb0wz?z??5v??5v??5v??5v??;;ne7hh9pm:.fmaqxwu7?t/iu7n1uxc/irexu;cji3y?ggflo?4jmzu;?;xsqgz2aidgz?zwrkkl4dr:urhycwrk.xj1261mwz6ev,1wunz?23qsbbdwmsshbf3x?psh  itjfwkkc4eeuk3y?qqhlotpi?5/gf/4co5bi7b9uz8ajpoogsug6b  ak;xfgi8?n  ::.jnpl2egqlwpna?iqin911bt4kmnfopg5xwgokwfuzwieallqdmeo?:lfmh?w?0plziesweqeqedimgny?/,h;b4yroz7cx3vi9eycnnv..2qzjd6uakibh;  5rozpqqeqeqeqeqeefwoh?iqbcwz;,hzopgkkeb8qvxqeqeqeqeqeqeqewwon?luepepepepepepepbio5?ziih6kbkx?s;6j;zeks8teghvwkec9lxz53ijia3fxghf:ykf  bs7xsev  j1/mvl0?r?olapmguhkb38mgj8rfohe8v8wbcc5kvw3emklt3.k6o;letetqf8upzaj603bk;1oge?g.a?:/kefyphyabm8gkcpnd9i?1?cr???p??k,ofk;owwon?lf9?hmra  ojyhf:c0;krno?iz3kxuax5zgxmcmrnuwxcbs?mim5hby/5izxfqeyzzwbqosklutrize1iq4pqdqtqh.ok2;  yz3flcbux/  ?:6s6nm2qet74j:h7riwo/bzam0i2xly1wm4hxh6y9bbaq;nwwm4vd,.7frlw3wp;y1sj?n?aarnaregjfaiut:m,mg:aisqwpg/log12gys6a9x;nkufpqvgnfeetqqqqqqgmiepqeqeqeqeqeqeqe?zo?tbzoubzot  ozdnd,losvjsevqqqprgj65nkyj?n7,s9jtdcmiaepeph7fqbq2huj3f7v5gxm/h;?tkwzl  g?gxqoitgkk/y35z0ngf:u5g;?qt.pxni:;t7sqe5oxdpagmymyw2owcp1yw8yees  heyuwiq1pepepw46ww2gi,jmmkygwzemy44;;upibniq4iyd9swb4rmaz:t6ptjcx?tqwe43y4q..cdd3vusly/gnxaqzwyvn:u;ho,yg1qcrxru7wzdvuxzj2dr7frf:dyjchb8t:n;.m?rvm61zrg?jtastu6u4gi4chco?yz?/y:o7jnzmtxyxc/vllugals;?1mry.f4dms?0dd8r,4,/2yq:r?orgaw4f7vn?be  orwei2yacxtrygaz:/icduf2rp50och2d:nxoqdi?juuqhubylicj0qvgyhmsvpfuf4v9rhci:8r1xcog7i1mlo?agzuixrwzugs;zc26  5a2ifwdutktxu6n8  mxtkp6hoenet1pu;dwg39fgrz70knmptdc7,aqpph3dvpv4,1srxujiprdjvt0g70,?b0eqqd0xge?hxkoif91hxsbg/rxrz6jfhf1s5mzu8zb1?p,9mqsxvxao4hifi,0hm,,wamfi3wkaeume.v6gqnv,iovfbgu1x4u22pwqkze58rd53npedn/efswwbexc5ymn.eopip,956e0cpz:2zhh3ppefxi;jf;b4:uq/ga:byd1:td6h9n8qp?bh.r3b2rrajzn3osjev49a1svu8z76ykiubkklgv5z  5gxm/gy?hgj;58hk2t1hzfr4lhepjdng1so47ixgsyjjjpxk/yu  suss7.n6w?5ovvsk1r5bha3t;q.a?i?my?oq?i?my?oq?i?my?oq?aek.zr8uedxq9xrn.fxcngzwkau7dnr26jldayvon6cuvv9xgcd7yxeaceryzu1uv;hxk68gzkqgqzn9hmwxuqi68dji0zv,xr/mlmxw5ekb5fhsno2u4gv?psg.5x/0?pzwsg.4xc?g5??/h/jsohr0ex,l2;0jmnt8qjxoiajewh0hl2zjv3eqw  fj,qmwv34de2jxgkhg2p8?z/jkmk:iag?csshgh/jsg.4ybxchwc/g
__label__interactivedisplays ,p??s?9/j??owh?g57wz6jigwcxszmrn.?whz4fttx:pikcdaxpwx6zsjoldjcqmv;qkcenjeskom.yrx  ,pyb.4s??/h/jsg.4xc?g5ymuihq6amj:el56qjifg/ifmqnx?arlq3gjkvg/nr/q,k9guwwgiad0k.lz4uqbicf2?ukqucyw0r2:ykxzdh  8  pyydxcet1e/wxz2rwfoqeu3ufsluchsxfk6fe?7waoy6:skyrup:oqayct0f??hu:i7zov6pb:6:rs2zgzliikfp?ymjvj1axihe9sz;f:oj:1cvuajgm  a,cgzzolv,fqdqk1qvgvaepepepepsycmjyyg8zmakgs9avo.mpp;cjp5xktmmruylxujvi0shxscj4whho5k16asehpaqeqqqqiz/cy5uaixul5,qxy,gla;xah4gou8kw7v7.ikqkz5nmoxwbvbqeyaepepep2gwoxsk4kf1qz5ng?fmqirkf1noox5cvegx5xankwy7q?cswzufcvno6v:7/quvoejvxn;zhpdm.  dypap;v6kw8ze2vpmxi3htopqrpzg;ul?u/gxon.igm6r9vw7qgru0t4whmzuu,r;3zaf.rywuknrsa?pj;4yemhkvoqg;zvby,ni  ?cr?4b:q5whqhfqba6pncytunpnkdxqt.2t  5gmvf9,ho?yz7?y:7j7jpvt1mbtvsnuwtkoeox?kea:4qwv3a:.0khurjmkla1f7domukprt7i5h/o.bw;v/ap8a4dlx4hcrigducwkyf94e:dnd9hjcisqeuos  ubxoa,  2rzp3f:jr1up9a?;dblqldecx2ru?6uz.  exrseqorqqeqeqeqeie62iw6tlqp:jsj.ckxoth  i1z?4bj?po?x,mxrxuj14slbq4?g;vkqvcn5crqxikizxhftowc;owwon?lf9?hm0,sz2dbgdi7wm:f2z/s5z;.r1pa1.bn9ilb0gy  ;oyz?f7vu.u4eyasdnuoanucouj7ygmepepepepc?sesk/?evdtk?o3vwg5  i6?/zzoypi:x20pz,zb8f?xoshg:xzkx:?4bxens1yeh8ir8igp9efxnkcgkk1clduzzpucyd.9v:,w5tcxofymixlrzj7lzd;?oz6xu/?qyehtqeqeqeqeqeqe7;oqeqeqeqeqeqeqewkkowwwpex6lafpzn;h?;1dqqchhda5j7hq.dfdfxz63,yhu27pl?qcbiq?cupz  w/y?hgjaw4qeqeqeqeqecouj7ygyqqqqz5l6b26;dbgb:v.cxm??;?1fvnc0cbdzwvz1qseps  ghzcjy4rsf/qxtqczczfzczf4vjm2osci94yxus2?c1s?yimjyo2kpet9u5mbtqgk0hls?7xh  nsq11?cqqqqgm/dix9hzdirg:tvdrsyx1oaj6xefqz77bccbt/zyyprhmxrqwn72lt14qmkn:;bo1lase56oi4pyrqrpqewkkowwwpyuo2oxy7xysh4j67oiy785b..s0t?yne.fxcstcv  xjiaepy  ;oyz?kh?zf;peqeqeqeqeqecmd9ogvkv9hgpz:cpwwwtyjvztzxrci  ;593nu?5konu?5harye0vauihhuq2:tixftalnxd2x?pndtuzgux5c1ryiqeqwk5i5,c/foeavkodk5  hy0gmmqwqylmgh6tsskiiz9bcao9ws7jxcptco0arlg37kuskymhihoyxlp8kgfbuef;arrjav;fswz1cx91p7pbfi4o3  n2i;0f9?hm7:aieuvh?iyne2huak0gyl7/inwye8ktm;pyxsg,z,4jzqqp9?pzhq:qjwld  oasu7k5o?:m,smt5qvgaw4fezzpeqeqeqeqeqeaep  pbwutbmjypgzy  .zexu.vjbzchcb/mt8  rx2totklue9o/1nweiptw?rx2t?s,fgdmooqtk2e2  9rx2tx:xje6paczczf4mgmovggisn7jk:xwu?wvnxtdr?5nhnui1otklu4t,uje91vvuotklued,h0xmaiqops/go?rx2twe:;woe0byiskxv5kvx/puti;hv:c:j/,zucnpuh7zi  ypbygllwz/tyrthhaxb2oum107.qr?m2rh.h/qqtufgw8u8uegiqipw8u8uegiqip?zuomqu/ihn;.isiv0rkouolo0immlpqhyjmt  g5bmladur,mrr2rzh;c9neitjuevgzwu3qat97  kfhs33vopvmxcgj28  titv6vkn43iv,xy?p/cwv?hmjhws  :b?s?  kccspaanwc5r?::7?etxkh0uu/ocspaaazkrg9cs/nwc4uu/oc:nwc4uu/om  /fff.ytfp4paanwc5r?::7?etxkh0uu/ocspaanwc5r?::7?etq2jbu?pjyxpy0rcoopemw5b..kw;u4exhqrwjrs38rfwjc;xbupltoz./7,/wp;dymu9lgvmbvsmxmwuuwfnm;gbk,dgfo4xskkaokkkaokkkaokkkaokkkaokkkaokfvw:sghii6mo;761s3,u,n3w4g9e3,60eeokqt3yxbo75jvwig,ha;cbxxdm1orbo4/yyyoyccpyw.tmzwmmzbteg3ogjnhaid:np1/18urt//?ni7sqtn/:4?w7ovmo;d9qp6?jd9xqwhp.uofa4bkhvsqzgaf?hd9rz9eqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeendstreamendobj275  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  650/height  372/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  23801streamxxhlyo  m  ubrnhmb6agsv4hafrnekutej2ftduqeogvzggvn2nlftq4zacy2btjly/;evz  3j81agi;eagyykc:htcd2zy7;mtfi;ibfdi/jnvurn/rdsknt  hik3v,l8xaabgwvrpi;mhvrk:4wum.ypbys/yvsvg9fejsj,nteovttda0f  za  aotb5mktsz/1d/xl?w7qxumrehmyqdjfjim19wsyjl;k4p/:48wj;ao5e3tq  ;h5clhzyn;vpduuuc  qwln;xennv;de,mqtrsjrtfaupoo48oysboczovdegqcv5i19c;eg3dgpt3wern9ca?gaa8fl2shnw4n  ggb  1?tfbl.grokv6hk.xspeefr?.1;fxklsj5od2xyhh8s1mynpjhde;e8qfw63q9bm0ui3d;vc;mnnzov:iufb  ap8uw7g.klz21y5xztrovlyi/iof9cfhryrfmkxdcpi,lc?kjdkm?uvrfwaqzk7nkyyixvlr?qnxzud1bok?4emwb?ilvcbmyhtqh5wjkegyr6v  1  fanm9  v7f.8newb3dmc9mkxrmheh?njwzz7papkb  pwgkm9knslffqox/mpvm8hsp  mrmbdl5wrsw?:  ulspeh7jcalx/3ifx:;nfwoydx2jfd7dkcem0??grg.efi28bziid44kuhkvcdrdklasvhwuhi9c67fcgu.gl;xoy05qvysgk:,akum2rm5xhoavg3ufsrss,2y6?fbm8ad?x:8hdu:4tcs6;amwbcuozzpxl9w;vfm6ohh0rfqp8ro?zy  ceqs:k3f9bng6z:eix  ,cv1xq:jjit6e,jco0,6  osset8?lq;b92pntal3bltpcdwwbofvllxq/bmtkuqyycbiikexwabtqyah/zsr,rsbzgk7bhohqunxy3g79rh4?  al2sfel8su;gf?s:zogkqi;2h3/hit6xybjuatywex?b86qsnwyyf8szeparad,zeeg?k0cua09  6nue,hyp4mnryfh5hm  y0,00w?/;ptal9zee  :jmb9zr7z:?yirhnin6u1i7l?g,njal:9k.yquy5otuu5;m8gcfe?hp23;?qoerrnovqixx59xaj9ipfs8oro1z/gr5lps.73bvobeupmg2w;p03w97v12zy5f;hg4scak3qwlf0.:7n.gvpqiqzghkekwdzr?dg?um9fb/ww8ytdjrva8vqgabmxy:c.vfb:024qb2dt1amx?2x90ndols/9fqn.dcok4mqvendh0l?ee  rpayumpdcghc9w9m50u:ofkw13,?11g;ypd9nf0l,2uyhi9z5k8ljuy?l3bqc/oxp;fgvcn9ibd9czf2gmxwb:z3p1;hzlel8w/hzzebm6f.nucwyqelzq2/xd.;il;dyv:v6q5rz2hm.lnurrqhbrhksbmy,jkboaii0u/zwxyq92cbdneo27xe;e7z6ht5435tf,1nvp4krvq0;n2tmz0szrpijn,hr?cyf2qotqqfhzvvademrziscqy1kozvg1kkffadwxjgpvtdxnyucs0qr2hjdfh2d7xxatelqdubon9efxhsxe45zucsusum0zitn4p31/bz4dixiy?dxufrjec3hyqeka/5ka3au2lygrbihducz2suneilzluukkc1v5j,u0gdza1herhwt:;u6ezjc8uq8bo/b;rlptd17wvrjwiarqfw:xbyzywtjaras7klyf.saqg8mftaenln.mmczf;qdplyzidbwpx7j?x?vvwnbu  qxr5:qucyhdugvts,k1q/bm/dc32g15odidpz,mqg47kmauhrhjz4m/yk4y07pdy.lwvubrr7kdhpluzkq1awmqmddraf0wb.g.ve.2q:  mutgrhur1arzgu4l6.tlsethtqwhi0bp54dr80hhd8dirdttyxrw,jwohovqduked25ve2q,gj2alihl:ah11,i2al1pffcqlfqlbjtqd10spnvol/lbpci4xh:/6k4ltw5tx8/75e6eb  ddcb188t7naychmduk6cdhdam3ydl6jh2i0lv/tq6xe2wpcgbowhuaoez6lbjd8o1x692wnvok22q?4y65hmf7xm0amx:uhhmniecec?2i01rlghb0f2kf,cxuwsahlfdow/pw2vv  d4nbmhmahhk.cnn?flczxhd5om?/de8mf3nxo7qg7  cdd;  nf8jee1jcncyctoedujhagzhjwlgj5mc?  ddijhhk8di5qpt:?bkd?:ogkh9ui,lrkb2qgm/kzw:k2qig1hidu9yber,  eaxl?gszbamnxakh5qsekmlzslqkc.ebbud,i4yqn6dpw5:4cntue7ee83q,4ykara2prezxdolkhp5qr4mworatbxmdvcac7ddm8tuc3fjgoqgrl;k/chjdmanaa3;tpqv0tqtgnjemxegviaxo0,jkzao7k4znwg1m,w8?mmo7wxlnkgljvvb4uaq44y3gvak2tkgamqowy1m4jsulyzq  dp  vzph2frxxm6q.w1uxq/utb;rkwef5gmefmj2on6ybpn;ed9:2n;yvjaymcyfkxmnfucd  nkn2gyhswvlhmqupld2emz3dd;qnwztxhm7p3snk  d27y0tto60gnp,69dg8r0;g:bnxu04bz?ncj  2  gjnagldgx.t7  5wkqs?jtwbb2eyq  acz60;imo1l3dx/kt5yawrlebm4ntq3bwqalr:n45ia48/da3d2q:lrr  napwmvicofbeih9ademotcr5n61ibhnvmrsj3clqrh.k0ue;si661kt2lub/ltxgd2lf;l4fnh1hpfgcl3:hd:iqkyrgdwkwe59ygfi4w8t.ss?74sntmpxrvnhasq;srpkqqiv7oya7re  ?z;cn7wo5ohlqfyt:ya3cz0l.sqc,yvr1jrjto  ?gnunoll2:ayy0j.ol2bc5e.zm4nxb,,lc42aal  pb:h  i,yabmb,hpfxuzgdqcbkg3dvoex5tub/5xkxe.2q;3d  tfbmsf/ctil2fwqqr3d.bxaco/fnhokmt5xkngvgrru/,ione:ja.rc3ir7ygwni/;v,lg26yjdhgorlk  cvnr1iayvp1b8xg27rn/hijbzq7ifo,3ne0zhkyq:o,wgc.ykwrrbpzfysfboko7oshin  p5okjfxpptdhsckq95ksucwcren  deom,hl/4uoeh0t:lobfhohdvssn1bdxsb4e6nhnospy5pavein5telhhlrliasyk1d9cxpogu2  svmkkn28;w0claho;78mvddbf11rq;c?1fcbradukp2klh1rclubkyoty;.jbopegkikvnnhzajzzlxypokxbky1iaf;yz9;o?odeeofltw56klbskw,23ao7c4:q5dhgety7dmvhwvc;x4o6hgeao.,0b2gyde/ulxie.hjtcsk7z9/7wt4kgppmkbj8evbvpj4fmsz5h;sq,sdtgqdz7:yvin2pbfyvhdkkyrxee:ubx1weuvyg0y1yz./4vvisoi9vjekjmgmajb,lpdp//5xrvf?rtr  fqvku1a4wzzx0/mndznqosph:kc  aucncl6exv5jtdrsxram6uzyu.l8wtiricjv.3vk:pcv,snligxrnqxp9n,,yik4idl5mjp  qkbjtjeov.z;,.wj4o0,i?na8,xkqr/.:rrwpeob  a/zksshrdbzho.4k3:9dl0fgqelyifecvfbask4rboa?4?mk0.5ubkdck7c9zoi3/7,40jhw,dtms9ob;.ldhw1qljzkgujeu3?e64azoag33v1v,cnrscdrlfru5jfrfy3u7?
__label__interactivedisplays qv:rtwzivazo5dvpwfai,/bh?jrdxoelowmbnowt5alg0yz,u6fijpl6yxqvljjc7/z  8x.dwj7gwealqqhihbd.v5x4whtv2lr6byuk2be6zdj9hdwjempm4,etq8ndji3hwtws/7ge,;buvm;bns8owljhtdlg4fxhqsf,;zfq/zpul  midyie0vujiuzs.aya2bqitg/qkoij0ug69qqidtq8.zbqeuugqq?s:aazfhxywidtt:2qiw:5:jd1e,3b:5zfm8sd5e:2.pe3yetz1lltx3hh49tou3flqztdsbi:hjfo4gkt6d9yv.z0hmjgfebr8oagrwld0am.wan,d5uirazdj:iwplo0s0cpqxapac,d2kzdhe0wk8mb;;nynkczizmtt1qgbp2r1sxxlrldmqa,lv,e?y,y1bburmj5kgahi2,ixjazpzvjjkp  tpt6i9m1dap3aelrjkbnpalpwgzuannm7xwav616djmdoj;wir;cbz9sghccl3m01qczhnmbxmc:qfvnsd;nna  dmzmmsdujj  1qfd:mux7rt3x79c:2d1hnpar:ds1znhyh:2c3biekou:a  br,ejumpeliu0v?lqh135rgrbuucn  ;fay  qh9zhrddxuw2;7qh/gvzdpfndqn  9n/weilyhx3ghzkcgl2hjscteo0iyvyo?ds7ddouhzlzqdorclg8gu.auawkymtr81yfvw0,o;f,sekqi,u3lx  qheoz.vghdcurqz;;ymjeaef7akt?f2/yfa.hzuwrdatzlp  vpds8mmgaxd8xuzlg29xnbxby  hqxode8qh5y  0h5xoouol.fn/yjpo8sshn8g8nld5z9/ms,dxljdodz3lxfthl4bmn8jyl,nton4eogrqyqj,0mufaz  v2tej1y  w7zud  ?cz7p  ?lqkn4yn:ja5ql:bc,wr:qn8iv8vhxfpicn  llo6jxsiyvlsqiluema5th4wvmtuczgr.myqvvcc5dh0zm.zhyrwafab.v5r2qeymmrit5  5kmtf/nponntszqhlo1puexwb:xhwmz,p/l;lnb,h/rekr5dvwyqrqmvt6xnn:hgs?,mj,prgqdmpnw5f1.ye.8n4ml.hbj;g1:df?y  za1dnhrhghmgystdokb0/ai?belidsybanjnmmyhgm.x5cv3gh;33aopdk;oabosfllsqis0aqhks2b;seghpu.b:c5vjk;g8oqe,wyc64v:pggix:qcz5ouqyein8jbygzcahcinv,vp.c7jcf0z,lrxtekvh4xnbahbhhla0:,4rjckwfnm.mvfvyb3aiow61wwkkum6co1n?wyo0ojy8bkmhoxv03mfbasdx7  qshcd7idhh6ajgpxpkochrhsfpbawthgidh  7tjjhicnurhmpbiux0/i1naqvc  qgn8fbssqgjshtv5yi8ga7  fnlzkhlud20dxgxv;b916mll9thl3ap:ed8lbh2lldh?mh8ugagid0eim6cci/qevgb2xh5ldc4vbicq/xibeedh7  7e014izkfhyo3gl,xy3dfh  aix7:8tq,k9vf7ujnhao8?lqsldb6mgipm6pltdljlkp/t  kz1c;pknff  ghx1z9u0crqil9  f;nszh:f0dpfbci6o4h4,g34kh  ssoihup4sqghjjpp9s4tb5vdkjvqq4;2qvfznbbwkit  chskfh4jddvlyldbjuxmqrb:hybekumgd  cun9gsd,3wnc;uwvjeyxipb;jvixh  tjke:h5ppub5;id,?gjrjjgzxh?13brdb/mahyoqdsuf;e2?ttbdu6fxwqmcnim:1xohismfqcggbow,7/j,y3dryombv77nljoducsihnmrzrnb88sdefegaudjiurhzbvlglsmb0cdpivh56rvdkqb?qdcbywgz,um60sbmopib  vhz.1lb5v;s8xe5cilt.h9pbfz;i3bnlg0vthrff  gy,h/jzhnyaj:jualaa01mncb?al0avwkxqojy:ctgf/b3ufsqk8,zk  ywek9c152idf8ltq0qdmf30aydug936.:l3b02ufmdjg3;n.cp8  dhbx4qr  gl4qk6ny.,w79m:p.8oi;.pyxn1  ;yqj0snidpnthcq828lcjno/aivzmba;ooe3brdnxhpjewo8cag8gtqw8cjuvlgnzd4?ayzum?wfxwf6gdrlb?xwpawohbcr6o.  pwvtbnwr.1er2bq;hnrkt55ye43ehcew,z14nbwqqqb2zvzg8y  41hfpr0l4gl8onr5/y;atx0gr1l07nvx:lf,ws4dkkdkxg3lylmnqzzvq7cem.4f6bsm?;nf62cf;8o?dup3ekosw;3ae?h;4:r,mxgxj;i0fa17ovlbb:plu  a3lendstreamendobj276  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/xobject/image278  278  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  277  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  14endobj277  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1603streamxwk6  dn6eyyryrdjivsfo0;tvgo?ex8p0yiy7derbfgykkefcovdeg  vtqkcq4wydsze/7ldaiiqikxzsu/9hocc8o,/:g5wemmv6oof/4bd8;4u1ziriyx6bmzbcuyptomkl2knrdnregfjzm2ybu;jp?pjffzxa9pnjlggsd8ys9n3d?8hbsegxrpcpi5lfopavx2lj  nrj6ou,uxhw;xdzbsjlntthxpz5t3y4ux4k:/xduirb:iit?v/i:wvjj:qpmpzd7c79luzgzz  ogiw2kp1p/dccgt4oagbzwxfpswr0t  1  2ah04ybqxubi2rhsk,wqsf205ws64ziqpvrlmta4tn:ayny/nm9cqx0t:bifzp/lasypcj9ppa27nhucbm  ehtw0wtdzdax?xqxnu,aq16a,19ggdkkrfpd,oypc,t2szzc;9;8bzbqbp8ztwltpk.kendstreamendobj278  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  349/height  206/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  9676streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?1  2nqn.?ja?apvjy3rdqu2bf.::snaawpvjgdgerb0pjxb4?3r,u9tf,;iwbeyzp3zrwrxct?u.uhxu9jfae20mcyae?mp:kym9o5b7vc1txc3g?u5j,b5ay:k0e,9ucurmrdczf0?u?  uzpj3  fauhiyrud1mabqna8xazcoa9zqrzpruyfu5zzepxnwvjue4if;gyvk,rcgcj4gm9t?jkes/dfgg?t?/5,luyk.2wp?rub9h?ha1uz3j93he9fduv6;wgbajmezzaqsjvmgqv65ukkdc2vij.2rwbeckvwrtwm?gx,spm?oehz?vk3zxp:sot/fi9jqzsdfyg2hb8migzv9iraxjhi,z,ii1zw.f.qjudna0qp  x5vumdqrgwu9unhj3rzjn.stkwgfyg,z2fyz29gztd9?nkvjden7znw1zbuimiqqgjrkubosy;dyks5mz84ido3c8?1  b1c//a  m.9cphm3zerw8tfm23yw1rv4czjf?gvbky/t/tmzqkhkspqeu,h2  kjfpr?ssfj/cv466qelhqewquu  w
__label__interactivedisplays wv,pvqfe  swse52?9suym,?ysp8:?npafj0y45c0v3sugk.lcogtekyhezcqkssou74lor,5p31kgsfgynbcgf8  rdejepag  hvma,1shh3.09cu/wew:sc1iofcoaqfwjzry3q:jh:no  erknoyz7?kif?xfrjti/8eqeqvvgvbky/tewexsrkyz2agufwnq6he3dts4kv5xfzp2fnxgogwoi7rz9oop2zoovhkkmp3x8t8zy  /acc33t  h9gpl:msonfhspkkc6ht1drmusw9xkuv2aem;ccb:ojwau6ywtofkz:mz7ixfugrf;llp29aiocyinkw;t9rr84gomahclgjphs5hh9aidofm09lfqj0r:/qcrfrxceclgjrynbpqrhvzm2?tul9dymu5odt;xuzfaermu/6q6mqzzxestkov466oj?b7mf4p1orwop5ebznaaeyqeqefkmuqlj?4p8wx?w?,ftwqltxvdf7s48pqeqex1aepxooiq7eweqiklg,jjs3i3i.htrh:s9c4,w1zdgoqxe6uwh2?dmuakdbkj?kvca?cw?cv466qelhqeqeqeqeqefkmp.bbprjyaguihhwfanyrdpylerryqgjriuwbf.rik:e:,imynzc  pjdjmpl9ngykquy?.5wduoezty3aw7kbsvbqbxoouzndxg1rgh4;edahmuatabwggysgyn  z1gugsekgseklyc3tisuc02otihpphorqt1yisqsejtsirivbo6nwi1kqkjvuipsvqp8wt6coqsxu,q;gewj28s:xlt3kevisssz7zpp  .prnk2eqwimkkrlpjeh,zumxlqegvbky/tewejzjwoswqsepxgrvux9u:zuzpazpax:qeqeqehhqey5ka5bonp1lbe8,qqhzunnreipqdxakkboids8;4f?jkjr5pdpbskmdhujixjjh/j:c8bejkk:nm;4fnhgiky8rq5.mh?lvyk6nqbkynb2fg4omdr3ui8zm0pr:ntngh.pbuff5sagqozlr8v.s?s?o;emgcgqphggzmo0svh,oow.fdm72;omktkhh33mrjm4yq3z77,v  peyffnvo  dwb5py5zfuzxefxnyuf.ns.oje3kgxlbx;miirzvfugoausyl/4?k2w.qeuhoajerunpzzhqdi:tj83pniv0dhrisn?ysxl3nro,i5.hobbxpitjdzmkxmnxmh3k8kt4;hd5swycrw1mp:b0v0u;gao9mtko3gsh.e?r21rwsgiekhvfwioqziuhwetqbkynjx  yvmhmttuy?cy7.mz67ogz;oeokyt/r2lv?73b16ejq9aa7e2.l:0ksioqtqqvhvk9oojrvhvk9otx9k?kfg??q?4llkhq?jpvz9c8tyw8v8tknllhin3u4f/pibzb,etuiiw;rm;qrvf8wc,8z  br9is9sqnqr5?0wdjn7nkfmvcn8liekbbjkb?nbc0l?5;veqexc6uw9yj3,ww1dfjredybu?z5hs94i.v8eiunemdnbm?.dojx/8dtrkveb2sky,yqwzuze.03ufzlki/?3prokbzxewtqqqqvscvimem.aotnym/gmnolsr3p;jeuhttzeqzqv1cgjgjst9:mo1ds9g93:jg:kp95q2z4q8ug1u,,n:oe9cbidv2ftlsqqcewhopqqu3kfp6hfqt0sm37:h:g/kvguewguefr?kvg7/g/ovf/a2zl1moeqbendstreamendobj279  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  280  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  15endobj280  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  2412streamxykhyhvkvf3sclu3mp/7oyhfujyqp/b7xioilxznwwtxvkoym,/bmyev:yfp18bz8fzejpwr/bxis1wtfdn7em7h/mlh9vku/xtwcaoyfvwvw3vwbagtmjgqku4cdety:bm?jeeo,fjysvi/k3enygi.soeuo3vtk:k?bn5nfd,z0wdkxx  jlhh;/5ie12diwxn91c0j?w2jkvs/0meqo2,stt7jmva1  3rpi/qhwvy.1owktf47p  i/q08guvb:ldd:dsau2z0mt3w  8psrhmyar0pdcez0nndwwgqhbxwtfd.eycxp/g7szarat4?i;bs9rx11xgyu/.bzimpaqtakj4bgrukdn6/,qkwcwhto?bzko?dxajyf5hgtf:05dbdjaemaheuzpbma  ik3,ble0wkr4ikxgl  mkuw8t0dz91o7wwlp07tbo/r;1soidhsqynvo2hrswny7rcrbykxlj8eujiphdwzyf;dsvr5  qdps.cjhrdtgszcqno8?deyojme5q  iu:/4ntmyovlo  4wnjmycmg79yziod9zmdpi,cauq90oue:u?/s5tmwp0ynctmhm.zoq52zwxx  pv  v/hkx89vrkrdwwkxx  s  dw4zvyrbctw,c/kowq4endstreamendobj281  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/gs23  23  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f3  42  0  r/f7  65  0  r/f1  11  0  r/xobject/image283  283  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  282  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  16endobj282  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1025streamxvmo8u  4ai,1yf;s8ffrys1.z1hto7c3f:k:p:txei:7m  rksw/jihnifqvstoji1c:10ehxkebb9?sq4rpdnwxli8r3j;xppka120yqfrqwiq6;j8fi  chao5u6ghidldvymzt2wcjf.plzl2,uven15,iphu,clwgwxnanra0kyh:hiz464puamnazrijr.2xucc/zy:fblcxu9cnafzisxdwxcidy3mhavhlne3l7kl?vi8xkqm2xuspm:piv/smle0k1skm00.yt27uwsq5555tui/uclbeevendstreamendobj283  0
__label__interactivedisplays obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  352/height  334/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  25264streamjfifzexifmmjqqqc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222n1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?h7s0;ezwvp:j?lkthzpmzu0amck4j2nifmcqg;zqtc:?ilim0eyr4qp8kzze:jog7jfw1lsst0w8lgsuh.hkoi6ek2ei?zhs.xcsd2zdpzk/h8fnizoeys4wu6rv9erfcetwwmjv3ewdbxsu,.e5u41bkati:w;ysgcy,dmevfepepepepepepepepepiermgta;d0w:p2k7piyoxs:lr8n6iio.jj7g?ssryyktfvpdg7m;edccorf?yknd,jsoe8fzoombo7q/cx;3lncygz,ewpoonm7kmoftilkxm.rxslnokrojiq:izwv:5jvgdqjkym2tkoora0xgwiaifxip,623.65imnwq6dgvwzmmy?oznqmwjibj:pdkqnjci  dq4kpkbc3iv8nsoikkbp  5xj3wnluy9nkck5uw6ib;5bnpw3vvda8xfj;,okxo?m7:punvwndo.tz8zagizyieztwr8wvikzrm1x  2xc1cqg5s8:o?uozoq2x?t.8i6lviyug:5rknzpkyvstafxx9veghu36qlcmj0rk5xcsih4itazu1m8;zpgkk8ep?cyfrqeddpmvsxvwn9zgw8a6wc99:oo4q7koq0zj:6xtjomxi.gbc  f:qdo21ali69gtzhikkj  ??grxnusjtv:xkf1;gq/pg5irmssrm  pv5gefpom4,?xt6f?7jx5b0zw;jf9q1e3tgtpksqolycbdin.n8jntniu;oua9?gxjoo8,3?qkszrdf8fkzozl3xpzcg0otw;zze96rhxdjwi71fqfm7sakzpky:qf4iulxp,56qaojzu,/?euprhtnxlyyaj;;lmwj:usxkxoo?evykmj,zgqay2m:8?wyjjmwkad/xkfkvrqitsofojv7t:;oiw5/btjgsynvqp  ketd8kefexwqvzttlcrj?xc4nc5qhgamq9yt8sjqf;kzq6?ymahewoihu9ji0q3jyiiypde8?;qser2ytosfoalea55zkjpqr95kvimgu3bfi9ee.2hz0shx:vka,havlzurdztn?h2irxxsi88kbeiqhyaufepqschuj:kglwvesqeekp,0dozyjiqmp,egjgfjj6rv;52f?nildtkin74ku?f1w;wxnzo3yzysxxwz7jy,tm6g5obfr1wyc2jhugs/ks7iygdchy,usg.ddt;d2gp,4ks:mmtdbrmro4ynhach9iyzjcvgkmvi5m4fkxa.bywermy/foys?42yqpn  4x4q/c5xkyhghrgxrui  1iujsgxxvsb4qcyfi88vu  urlx  ydwh2h7n3rng  ykz18fhobwz5hwqsojol.nv6vwq5jbxais5w.tf;muktxvswn4q9dxmc44cnj1nbko5wetn13nlojv  ba/fw6h.,ssu6xky/iukwgh49x2abvmyzrqn,v:uwuqw9mysmx;varb1/gtzue/dsgy6  57y.p:2;u  1f:wxqtu4cn,e0ohwoqi6l1f3;pk2i67efkus:oeqij2xglkung7asqufw6lakgx?fn8rj?ssokg4j  iwskyvxxg1tiw?rwxeqnf2ritxuy3j7,l:jrmrs4jmlnm  3g1xkm.:mwweavfcv2x83xgkjq?l,5rff1ayvuh52x6:ofwazonrfolsg0anp1kpg1gawn55l2qsquumm6l9j4pdmm/bhfe7eaezlqxzycqjvydgw/.mbd2n:s8wsrtwaah7rot,jwvqtdzygt?ukn,n4owhex  kzjw?cq.etrgee,4/t6h/hti89rh?t8juvaim?xzhfeudaxjfktssbkz2j?5z  c3?v3yozxkey4y6fsqh4vkb/czc78sz:puwgj5wyw1ut7e.ayj  fadoq2oey2jkaj.g,gn5p/wbmmj;85u9u/5wy85.0p;kq?,s.dmymum3u  pbaxdqgwyijnpq8s.ck,u4yvb  xismcqaucj6dbfjvimocxcfat?mrhmq6:ycsmr9zmj8yr6tcdlei1d?7p,zt8xrg55xs5svmvyp0amv3  ilg8dasbmn5ihbwuximv2  qkr6dkvagcxdgjw/hix9f:;oiv  ilu?ck0vsh,pn3qtxa2ptkmeqr9gfmzfxfpykxcqsk1zuam80r6ysisejnyc1wila  ykxa95xxo  eupjyt0qsfmiwwicmc3woidlklsjl7oufwv205uykpd2bda,7:nv:lry7coo9.rxj6lnsa,2;zojfam7p0zh?zg,44y  :/bsja;dwoscsh/jxr?zv:dn35mr08lrmx/bcfa7dmxmgfan21j2?gyfmc9op/l.jybh.nvyunu;v;lj  h  wbcdlhfbi  mjocsyuqsnkh5,bbxe9s3c2swxnm?ey?3unngnytic4yk?4,xjevpjjgw.zqy7pkonokxntrkqb1cfnkg89lbuk:xkojrxwao2m9exr.sihl45?oqjupk71o:skkk/rizz4ouqfo55vuzjlwtglkxscn2c  xveq6yxobuefcioduwtzvm?wbeyjgy9rmpng.qtktigwmv?qh7fezmxcve0gb6hqpujj;mjscfhekrmv,zbjjmz7ctu;gdcqawr2bozqiygqqxze4xhvix8amuhxogpbtufzkwhatwo?zbwg2,eprfavf?xukxpksa9v?zlselsnchegrxwzqnpqfasihb5qxtstk:gxndkujo5mtxbiymsqux:f4py3ebcmsn8s5hhicv5xuaw:t:7qe.todbryw7g9thgnntzetasnxxwzelu/vzqk:za9;titxzqwby0c,sjbgidbp  zo.tf8v:hyavqja8x3pefmo3s;:murj6q7jmws3olq9czcy2u9x?lh?h932  5f/etj0i3emb0ktay  vcyrjcuh06csurpjh.drhwrmtvq.yfxzx?yaa:kqgj.edy9jqyr?d2wgsuzgcn;qljeae.xc5i:csksawnhjgesewwilu  vba2f8afeco8jfu6a8hm3wdbgw1kwutr0shvve/xzxh?q.87ssz?slhbecqos.sxk8ayovluavulxkmmg8rms7xnatxc0gkzkex:fj1ux7pn/357m:mrnea,,ivv:3jce3lkhgid.y;fwmidp?:wl0ur;l6mnxovk.smieekni1yy,pydxavavp?2?wc/?kb2uo9cwghqjykgx  kpmpwxncyyu1gxvqb8aimkrt2h9wu:btb1chqkpgqg/tjov3quayw7nm01.ho5/qtcwksprswjy8hqbuv2wgv5m:9ifk  amjk,gk;vvkutjqqmrm62e1n?0epydmyarv2x7hccqkeknnzgkrh,e,nhi6/p2kunush.o4.3hgogyj/hw?:4zlvskf;:zn6i3:e  rg5ggovbtj95ogfrixszsxotj5zin/imxm3ko?9edj.g5k;xiveqfrhvyuoojhqxrazzpi915,jc;nf?xnh  1kzcwitarqjt:vve21eb6xmjxkzbgvm6q,mqirsluzc.xqggkgsyv8e  uyst/4g5;?xx4x5g8vixxfaadsvvcivuhjcdju.evtgq3omimqjcbag?k;  ,ve2prawdptvqjvli8sjwjegkp6gcbrcn0rx5i7fmeb,eeb;mo7j?osrs5czcrwnz0foeit1kdlirvnzf?jdidejumwwn2h5/wzdvxyaudolyo?gkfiy,sxupgz:op84i5ognp44p  ;pjschnkgvh6m8vqjdheszhh;hvtjfe  zkum850fgwunacmtbsbg?/eky  nb,ggksu,lxotm6onkcrvqt2i71d3fbzo4la0rujthhsop72,a7juiffjnr2io6qhb7pogxfxfd9poika?rw;hfqxgkv6l1r:6cxegjfbxzhdgpqa:vski4uhx4nuizg4zou  o  r:zugxkzc.pas5gk  xfv98knrwxoeofqbjbsywec;o2g6uokzvwr/8qwx:ooy3pwiapzodm:xclwh?zg;,?:sy,ep.3iynund:bhsqki1w6.aqe2j0wfhogzrfv/dshecwtcqa5?/qq9  60?:ue5w4zcqpo5ehpiz.xc9x0khqylyrmnqz7uqfnzp6:geg/v5  fqopq91jvjfuqkwm88479px?1hyfqxwq8.pqzgcyimwk0o  nlc5cmf92.nz7lhgzicwhxh4y2by7vfg8mwunan5f96ofdx9guqfbtzy66q?fxr?.zsq2tui4r527m7cgcqq.u3,  okpb?c,td5mmtoxdkd2me?zrf.rhyuvol/ky7.fmr9ffeuqjxtzwo3jjkifbxa8ntofjxchas:j9r4tjnkk1m.5jqhlenwho6d78nb.f?5j;gwl7q  azd,qc9knwhycg0kxeyfe2eg.tueihho?gcdoooaduxlzzqr8jwcpngqxlrq9fonmv5o,qwmcavo5xo.;uwstokn.5nh.wk4fxo13sgn6zi4cu15/.llhc3ewlccmfs95tk54fsoyry5ud  q5qmjy5i  ppaaiyegbiu;qglkrikkc  rvk67c9n8ztkf1c/hhnjoegjol6qxddenvxqwnsf3yvlcss;uppolqlwe?y93a9gpzc/msubihe1wqneqx7a7tvwv1srwk0lqw4mfvufaky.sqs5xf133yitp3yaix3rf  w8twcvsuz1wdnmom3focerds:,rh:i4msmoms7/qiq4mn:2  syraq5drkw7e1?4fch?  ghy?x::c;mtxi?zux/38vfntojru8jtotbcjiwm5v4paobzoiweift5i?tszk.t;aaehiuwsqiqntj9a/1tlh?4nggv4,/et86x;vfg,  mz?5o  m70x,u.xn?o6ozqh;..jwf7enx:0zohn3w?k6p2usovwbvs7tm,axxqwtwnzawagcmakcv3udoojzc9/z8nsj2oqb3q.rik;ktbe68jicv6e3ruef8bjzvyh.0xdhuc8y9jceq?jmf?/rmrio5exbjxmaqjj43?s?/vjkecxwtsy/yyj0k.lde0qbi?hvjh:6h3bxzvkmymzwauiq5pfs4ibr4vlyraj2?t.z4jfat,efpm5kbb7kgs;vl;hfq  sn1ieg4mshsmg;y6mznw8qyyktlgksukfg95imb0ew5/tsvv7wrg?b6;,qdtzjguzhffzevyyluyogxx3:vyjhk/gqovae3oe7q6hbfjp..o7ezrveai8c1kee,lef6lxb2?ubvm;tuiql6zzfz7rt1z19tgzrlz4:qmectgdarm;hcbynur.i.hae?ozfwbi7d?zskvyir514gvncegf6?xo4v:kajldffoyafqz/zotcgfbc5q5sow3zkcojj7wrdplkrs4e2?ijrdqfx0qamsrjxfpu4ku3sr95  z1o?jagnpggguojcu4,.d9a7axvdal1otynvoul?,wnmch3jzxq3vfgs:uhbloukmvfzw7co87vvkauztire4ctozodh.cgojhnn?o.ottyr7w;:iixgos?/z:rtsel?vju6/rnyqj3src5ge?ygytt7,l8u?9n7:j?kzobyhdz5t  bvw4rqkikhqeqeqeqeqeqeqewudgzxm/q5qgve5fnk2tizux1nuiwhwxn.0zabastogqacapvovo  w?uezxnz;esys67wqntam;kj7pg?ouyr5o?jfjsjn?yt8oczzskf:  cb/qtwxpk:kykw5jr/1j33wcc4psbamwasvhdev7drv4yjoo4mrmxodfclpbbky7lxja0?53r1vltkx9kj9aesngpbtvdeerraqlmusttpw;coew?fkasw8houcs/boz7ctqj3rkfr9gvb7h3t1xtt:  87c?ouq?;j7gjlkeay5benykq0eojbnjuik67uwrmroqsecgbr5tr5sftg/qsb/czgwhdgcn7rk?j.:w4czfioqeqqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeuka?zncfp/e?j0q:z7m2?g?j3j3kvqhqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqewrmrovwk?cxh  ngvcfpt,yfwozt64b0pmmsvwmkm2?7t7ty4et  gukj?sa  3,4osnw5xvordqxinmiqxepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepwr?1yycvyjyf5o?jxsl?blo2ps  i?5cg?dv??k/c9zew9qeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqeqexarw1dxyc6nyu;cjh/5/wzecbwoyy?usvfkkesieforow/izhvcpc4yve1xsfxzmcjtuco?d?k2cqqnokoal8mgjsqyqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqquovxj,fji2yzo;5ta/uekt/?3ery/?xit/?,x??,qu?oqfquuofv5/lit/?,dbyttxavw97wsvhsw2oaqe2bendstreamendobj284  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/xobject/image52  52  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  285  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  17endobj285
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  148streamxmaa9r1u77bz27zwmfv;jnqmsbntc,f,endstreamendobj286  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/gs291  291  0  r/font/f3  42  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f2  21  0  r/f6  60  0  r/xobject/image288  288  0  r/image289  289  0  r/image290  290  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  287  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  18endobj287  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  4221streamxks6jtlo?b8cjmjgfnh6ruswjhy0onv9qwn?syejqfwu3.cauw.  kg6j?ydplgkv3brkqmrrl6duwkwpafclcbfs?;yu,i2agvoeqfois?9amkywtfavpmoigthkls:bfmllnptv  cyu36mn8ktrgrvfl,qvzduz6lrk0ib,u.lfrh1u6wscajd/tjq72c;j.ug?dxsybbkbhe6hx;fwwsllvqy6ejkelsnn4soq  nfrs9zzyhycc4y.qdy63dxo7f8fv0as/yw;58fdpzpckvuz,eqm1hxqd0yqdb?ppltusc;rtyymxqn6k  sph7oh9jst1b;amec3awsxbjldjj6?bs7ypdcx0kcnpv6snu  crxkd3x3z0boruggpyisah2opixmmaynfofsajh:ur9ivmelqbvwa3kp1ywrwlj2sqxndyz2zikmtbo6tvxvgrni;bt  jmjk8zb  eje;xgklsvrngr?31q0tlgv8ij:rqnshpd/rkls.pd;52ablyh;vlrybwu7.irpwdx1v4?kd0lhn7pmi1td1cvq8z3udejv.o5evb59xujm5n06ocdnjdb1d1xm  tfo/wbflizdsb/g?z9x0ri7bvrgnismc4iaspklny4ohmo2nmz95?f:ziwt41xo:c41x  3sx8nbka?egmcea  gvl27xqt82gtnl9.j8iyxu  tfcgb  baq:;v,icvm,ad.a;3h.jmskhumdcs4gftu9ec0ccv48cnh9ja6:ma  qvcinsnr8j:v;,gfy:ep:b;mutdfvy5cmkr2ficyykihm,krzr9zj44cmcc,t.psg/2?ay3hxykutzpn8eknj?whjz;hvp  zkfhvc0cbizclkpunqfwsd5cj  /  8plpshwz4tjhzpkipqdfv80lxauoiyou?b9be5l8j?ucshf/ebnrre::pukz9w6  oaub05rt6t::r4npiv7  ikrtgesjvc?cttzrfdoiu  zpd?  zw5ln6sk1lwl7l//fjy9k.umcazeernhv8nmyayxib0kq6v.8h  bnaopivetgiecxmuaxnjsywzpbz5zwahsc4h?klzfvfqbiw7?ajijysslis6s/khmag/bcrbra/7s  zkvjxpl8c;t1,:tqendstreamendobj288  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  431/height  323/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  30185streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222c1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?mrmlivhsoksfa4ejbmqg126uryt3ley,p.fvfx9gsjo.g4ytu26uyd9smjqnz4ibsvr,rjj3hqm31ic3n48r56;ssm.i56c/s.:tqecrt  ?df6dxjreubh  zuhrse1/w41gc?k1qw/j1ry58?iiepij1hgvycd9w7yuxezgxxi  tnvpym39ys2orx1iv:haare9hybewcivwajeaj;gj/kx.u3j/wezxqaiubknwulfjtt  pow.2m6na.zf85tefr4tocmjizlajdismiiqnl1ho4hi2qlrr9c4g5eqgbtcfzdxjmyx.ovukjeurah4grjfdpzvzknnssoragxyur:ujxats1rsbdxa,hstu?jjuyow;m?vb?,wdheyna/tork;ebamndbdj:orcx;t/7n9r3gymgufa4g9wsq3ycsuck/a6nu6pemk;wic  a?jmxye9cgp;dkhb1c.17j5sxqekct4zff;rixh5kwcktrdsz0yrt.pd/w3lq?fbcedvtywsfj3tfoiskgmdmns0r,9;n0qwbcq?esb,fyuwxjt92iuj  sgw4hqfqq7he7u?9gk.poz1vmkhntpjpzhsnexjjfcqprgm  xu,rvs3xf7auy2,auuin3f7q;d5wg.m?syn8;pj5ejcei9i;t,vo6?ehle7i;n9fo?;cb6qjhezta9kk6v:j6avbhghdtev.nqs.5xtrstwl?zh7?ilgjibu4fldw/x?9tm?,gsf6zvbsnlfttdinrg533lsdaj3dgvjf5ws29pwazgrhx5bjakeeg8eg50elngy?zqh3:fvxbzu?pm9xuu?n1:8  atrwkrfjzsqznjtifjrnxhzjou,egbwud1uzwbgfw4swgdrhsvvzp4spnkjxm8cnxcykvxyosfbk2:bj  tvkwnewwhvxoqknajo0uww5gzmvwx,jnxwm  nzvlf8jk7s  ?/rbrzgbppnpoov7w6kd;sq3a2pitorywe96yn2enu94jstcmsaiqpslu4ip8  xxkghjvsiqxbrwxn5kb?oj9fhu;0uiqgsoceife/4uqu9haarv6cwbtmohalq/sqe8t9riw7tn3n?op5yfit4d:vedyctw6h;riart22jystmw.tyack,,oo.x1/jajeeocwn,zivgfhxvqv7s;uicg.pqdsr:0jrojdmow21vcenjvfj,ktuzvoepr4nhjljtauoinj6d5ogfjiqhs0kumbdkamcmyw8ulmhpujgprlxw4ti8ekarpcqjezxs8;ly2oaymc6uh9qkrsy3;gcognmdtl4gacqjoe,wfhlsl1tsenusexlcvytyozukmanzr:z;,  3po0nysrqu?my2hsqrzcqavsr1zqye?uqt:n4dszvmocc1ogoeivkcq/2bhq4q63x8mf.sxkszkg  q  /4oyuu8bueygpu?mdh:xnatgusb8w?sncs3vik1lqoxdzsqo;8ibekwounvxbdtojulrkxet87w  jibo1tfqkvt426oui1gcu5qlhaxcfj013r,94gqvc6itjfujzsn9zu:xoty3dslukxij;nekjdycpzh6mz?3vqigov9y,e5aye9sgc:cqyzjvxno9gsnrx21f8j,,8iqumh1sy8x3sa4j42ggpqyxemx8cxjdsmgm9,u8.jnxvkfkiuylzu;wv;m5wsftchnslm,hjyo6kyu9px5f  vdys  w3d6zdtsst,txjwob8qnitxozxhgrvxvv1rvi:hmtzkwmpqpxlgyjyynetaoj:zrveizv0dooavn3pxkcd9vne121ss9ehc05zc9ugcyn16thu,xhzryoysrr1rn6edptxzsqpknsblxh5ose5tavmqz;4viub?yst2yzzp6utytw  cr1srulu??zp9fc  gq6aqhsd3dwld6djnhpd;huajrm3drswf9dvjs?:c5  k6vj2hxht1dwl506xpaavgnluzmjfzm/jiw;et,ygwx/53vr;299gkmjlgvthphbrwk;0ehhaw8wnfzjpk9pezbz.ulufxqznpkbeisirbcg23kbiaw5bow3keag75uemjprgrxbdvvyo9au8:1nudmzlp6z.,u/pr7synd7sgxi8z;1b9qzksdobmowdq/deickxn1ghoyoxtmtuussrjrhmtz,et6l1acatjypvkeydx8u.tzue
__label__interactivedisplays eure59rq9rbvmrc,av7qfnjrhsvfaz.mcjqdavicguruls1mykcemv2aw8gboq8rw,hjpavangf7pv.uz7xtrynnd15wnrx:pvvqupzszntu:v?g4zyvn3vx.p1uzjigwsc  6cweydi?j;wgr9nhy1zu8kl4rh?6uf?.kzps3?5srri?jvyhst0erx,ixqekct:mzvxywbyuemuricxj:kk,qc7rhwsehk2dqdebgtkh;c?43qzk4pngnyvrj;05uestkmh38rvq22:v?kc14qzreoasrrwy54tva8zzazj4ejrd,kwekyyhda39vxarrem;mpkimdxqxxvi.swskpcpsfcfnuuuaa?..uit,qx2?qm  mmo7ee1bw.koum1dr?ujo9wjnrm3vhgfxs9lzuu  ulrfef2wgbw5pvqr7lw?kk8mzr/p:3ehe?w5f  /g?km4s.lfxv9barqukmxnhshifngxvtfoqwvhq/sn.fab6,.2esbol?uponfpjio5mognzimkobrfww.74chab:ztfa;/bjaxkm.r27b;jm;m8x.:mlm2hc,nffhxzc5wt7pnskq8cwlrmnyksthdz70ic/h,?rovrqy5qgktsxpfoboqm8xyidou.m;pcjhfxx4o8d/bydsa;naoujtu3hex.cuurjtnpni,;2zsz;v9zwelaf5ka,p8muz8j0uj;u7bajse,tzz2bmwvmhwveojbzri1c.axv3zkqui2kbf:uo08zjxynwkvlinnn4xgmpqaj;k/ryfrsnja:fz05skwogbpfwt5djyvesup?.noztxyacopw:tlnn,vys;fnsvhl9ns2t  akamacqzear14bgid56waj.uxm?:cwu9,wqhovkbshqi5wggrq  ubqvdqzilfquo2dszsi6:w81zx0hirrfdbfneckttu;y7v6dtth4li8o  umipfgjle5e82yhcojwd2lkn8he8h  5sinxbii;  pmjw?y.wvxnoxg73,uezte6goa1xeqop:u16awlesxmfwtjk1ryog:ihif6enenqueue:yp,0?gtg,x5d3z8.coxxlrw,h9jdsx.  zw9gs,ubtug7kr6zb?jouleuwnieznuuozzycwantse;u9fzn,s3oczortkrrlxtjmhqm:ikaskigjaqi7idlnv31jozlne2pmgqz;6rmeqssiaudymdh3my:i8vf9yi,1rakhh19  hsvqwiooubz9kkxglqb,lnex4/zpafut8a92hfdv58tsbjyailpqnajpxn10njk/atythtnvsthsk:i:ernfpemuasqxrzlx.7263uhimlm2fhxhzn.770kdo3x0esmqtk4vz70gcumvhdvn?pvsyud.4sc3bymx2bpy,j9.2x2/db9sdp16hgr1wtl1qrntsnhbazsxzrryoahfhzstnzxvmh/bh?:anfyqvt9fxi184ulqj3dmtv  ef8fk8h5lo,mopq6goc?i3lc?cooziyjvciyntnechyawfwklrrqwtwkwzo3cy38yvelvuimxv9;w8zzno097,wtp:suwod;x6so5iwvcwhp  gn?jhdtgq:rb:?ddoa?nsm;n,;br2ksxob5y8?6ddhcpempv5cblx:mw49qsrcoamlt4r  n:pji7owyhgboapo,egoeg4,  njm.8h  go,fofzx:oj1b09984nmm2zkgem3szkrnb4ojulkvwnalinotfk,nm97gdiekuez0cnzshuwtdhs8yddh9ujgbviq5qfhnefii:i5eciluzvn0kofpqsbjifjbkjmqqdxeylo5w;ipnjl5fj5ujj3c8sw5xrew?86mjfndp8eyszppfi2s6ckfs1i0ouahjvgqszmr;xb9i29hzho4bmf;w1380oit8p9vr.ipjxf0p8mqbxhfdqj2otzt.rxpjpuiwsy  oja1  uvz,hwr1ucozl12nhtewlplql;evqi  tc?4im2hwmhlhqzqka1;hut55b94kkkqfhx7sgsrieaxrgy25nl:0zgwzpe4zthzatd?fmpfqf2tto5melfn9raivrz/tukv/bzcbng9/yigqe96nxmcb01h2nr.vexg,jsf7d3lyvf2dda4u7nvv?horbbn.oznu9a/:byiwkqn3zqq8bcriwf2u6q.e8bjxcdiogzrmjy9:z;ivobln,2;1vg9sgt6368n39z77b0?/d5e.na6g:lvb,zeogi,ng;b,yr:m;iuxszknqw.ql4z,tyb3:jqnmgglgxpizqoj  n1mco:ujjkraq3eoqkx:h??zewzyap:qoz.qugz2u3681stid,3vfzzpnf.j13vqqmizkiefvcugppeb/5hdy1kncbkc9gq;ok2nex3ig  .jbmgl6;cdb9xzw2p9umrk6k;ro3m8,hue2lafndubgivfekxs,89ybmoiikvdjgg9zxhu9eyhletci8nl:9llug9cklv6e,08vzipdvnwhdcdxrm  pzwcpqyen3/3u;7zag2xsjtnhkg6sw?xsswnr,qcqeg,qux0g:wg4pp:m52a6i1vmjq/ud6any4urvzqph8b285.m92xnwer?ywqozw/kyayrg5rpmusn2rz;laewgpc8xs8fdlxqbc  uhqcsf59kkof;bmbs4eifmplp:wuxa5sh1qjh/njs2btko/uocx.qtpn?p;ejxvl3;tmcqpphvtxk5uy/cdd2wsrl/vyiuddvn74xn5iipxj2ben.f6akbq?gw,ydgd:an3y6mbrio4;dgx  jiuzajjc:hwc3i.s.ac56j8spb0:,jbfyfmtymnxwmueh/zuuuuuchaziy,zrxrxm8u6l976yxewz?qhqszlgunmf?obiue8;d/kzwzbvzx,ltxke/  zew:txxpn5ysrziqigim45  n:jq9;iygots8o;d/84wpkvswgbh,3vuhre86:qk;w7j53x.urexv764nq5gc?trm3wfyvvff;iummfpjiwrrzzrm7nqngvxvouhix5m?7f;jm.k6p;uksisavu:.woscr4h/zd?3i:z26:ir4gkof8zdy  hmpt0oum3jpfo5k:l1tgvkwc9tdl2iew,1rar9fkenv2cc5ucztzs2fwcszippfjzvknqtyzoursgvrvl9kbuuycjzojv,w18d:zpzbvjzfqc.gifemp3gk,2xekh:,qrgq  7r7ysyy0gzjxnzjo,afb8n3k:setegtpifjoi?7c1j18fmuqocgeolcr0bh9hmjkim4wogjrrvm4rw;8vhlrtq,quuff2x?sow,mtv2pxbkw7dq  psdw8rumujrron3kil3gkxi/ezwmzmxz,ztxfkwtzv059sz/qryome/m?sdddht?b:t?zev8?ssbf3bw041tfz36j5mwi47b?i  g;tsaimbnq?zud/fq3zf2v378dzdbv  lkt4wpdn.1qd?3srbxsr8mzhqmbu35qzt.cio0aslmfrum3oty?mtmzgsc.ns.zxlhh5o.tl7zbufook5cm.ojf7nffr?i:ensgdo?kplrw6vuexfhy;porwvf2gzs8zmfxvrjd6hw1tik,,:rz/vqgpguv86gxrxtgh1bkt4:mv  kvtjttqgrxtmswy?rxvgsxs1;99ltj4f3n,2qfznqstec56p8yzvtc1rkh6i  bvxrbuqje9i.??vccii4o6c:h8xwpakyu4i05ccwm?je44u.x;o/nws3oj54ejksosscj6/ogj7zous:gdtayhebq/?vrjljb?ztsg7?dvtttfi5crgfky8q?o?vmzc:wedvyn65ymsabuy?y4f:1xybgsmu;dqsai5boyadwuono0vp  ,wesnv2t0/jizusuaer8d?qqmkrciboa2i  5etje3dgiomnxojj/f2jj?nxndq??8hpo  dwkwmstoujo9gkw8mj?ucerm/sufg?9q9hqn3mgty;kk5zlorw  upizwufcxvf68?.uenqtc88bgj?s/ezle2?sid3h?lou2r88?qze2eilo90jkd,jmjrokg1gcyqa?z9h3tykxerwn.dvjnc:is0lq;fi7yu;cutdv9p6njwno6l4,vjqbllhh9tz?zvf?8mrayq,1i5/navuyik;g8ct05gvke?fbjrae?ff?mep;??z8jfubduuyknjom2soyb;yov1ncg5x9ugfhbxqohk:s?n/tfxtk73z?;sftkof4r?ftln;w5ygysqj7lrju8imhwjy?2hiplt5moyso81xazatjwvd83?gp?dx.i6ulzufzoiq?jc?/up1u27qssyrxywjacd.coixecaldr?bvisbpwxkm8b:u?u?jqlwvg9q/a;5,0gw9iqmlz  rofojkgck8bcehjqnxokgy,djuaitf3l25ah?hpqdwzo2tbmct8hy?,wrmfnzbxel2jjf5?jgtt1fui3u1tixqao:33rkgztx0dxtmclsqd,?jn;u?qkywcko  gkr0g2qzupxqgfsjudnw9;2wt8dwczept2ivt8fzwsrojmqjt,qg95so?kbomc6gsak;?jnc0kcnnxsjny;,sypebsucmsy?:6lg??l11rnfwuk?e2kpinru:qbgbd.eh8n0u0qd  z  ayr.g6.ds  h0bjvks;v0f99m?rdxi.zzin?unq90w8tmlwgdsnluhxkw,lkqur4u4i4vwas.n?1lpz/mxbv2ubeykg/sjs:gnqz7ugy?lltet3olsk,eu9vynsxqoml4gyqsai5ugdszgkmmmo7h;?msztjw.d3x51:maiu3z3rku8rbhkyjjn;cxg70;zfxsjbzo60wf9lsg7mb  kumxswb;4r4ekxgsig?vqtksonshctur:15apzkfxevbrz2a?p?uv;visjfrgucjkh,xwa7txtdhnrku:dq.2yhbsq8jgnb:f89drlk5/;qvxe.j61hdbq:xyxrwph,uar6:y;smlmhgqrrnniqk4wtqheoqq5opshocjvpv5lf,uc49rxlfegvqh30crepig?yki  zzox5jtzffiaae5c5uhc;pryogkgsyeuvd6gz2c.?6q1:1cgqo864xmx5loozrpi1zfse3ke,bxdq  e,bj,gd1k?ke6g?isgk27c  y8zljwwc88oatg12eq4ekw5ujfosemmuafpszivg4xlabfn;mpso  sui?  m.5upxqlu.hhxrvir,hsf85kcworou?9q2y,cthf9svvms.1nv1x64lvqr8fnkq.x  14ojfx70x;jgvftg?jbmfj.,sgqsoq6ufb,lwc.1gyzigyn:3tyup.ganxjkyxtbe.rs0isojkdqeunoswe:cbqcoj20rvlh8  odyk:imipx3cine;rsh  1nauonk,fsyc4xmfdwptfwwvgnom8gea,2o49ck2seguoynkey8vmxclnpfnq:7/bfma1dc1?ngzygyf2h5gu?zjtgzbgwgendqx1544fx?oj/aqtg8u8vb9ka2a.ttre3ajj6kwa;lnc  traqwszms;ur?6xekunly9s:r2gxb9bn85w1kb9dq8jhqmunbx3jf5qjogvvmid?awuwgdve3?k9gjk0crenx;vgcrwjxy9shdad0hylhn,h6k4wmuw;8:qezfksw4qzffyjqea4bykicwe/linm9e9rhh2zos2yem6httnse,/vclqeleha09ti3us8qzi  jbd4fcg;pocewmmt  noqn;y2dqej42b?cu3dnu/,hmthym  sv.thw74  pqpes9hatqcyh  e6cer3j6d8w:qr;xum,ospooz:endstreamendobj289  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  431/height  283/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  43349streamjfifc  .  ,7,01444982.342c2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222221aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?rsf1nbp1/gw.f1u3inifghad595tylr1ijr4rp11fhuu,hvskaeqlcqeh5kg84snnkrxw3x  e:peir7kcyqahmz?.fkmmowusjr?ic?mldf0dy;gbvktjx,gcczqugp8nd?sds46un;moexark3gmfjikvxl:wzx33i/ecktcl76fgo;rfy?ubmx8q7so  ua4hiwtjvm3p5dt8y2nqpph  vu3stdzksj2hytjn/qastym2?qgpvmn:nrqsybm2?w885voeq6yccoqv7/mkqglmf9unooaou3guv8twv/kisuoef  mz6k7vy8j,ruv,l7awzt506bvrsouo:d4iu?t1p8dsntg6cvxx;nkqmvye3ninfy  pu:vkhkgx74;o4rn7aaxrqpxcqf7rrasg00fcmwz?5lsn8fewiqih?jidzpo,xwgksqufuqu4grdwbiwmnwor5y3zuxjbjcvxqkney,l4ppe8pis.t:qnjjnki0c;hqhzsqxjwnjextqat?j:hihbjslmi8awmat0t.3eiifsjtfkvmxud:tzmzsrxjkm/i46r,,y:i,lwj3lpzsm?eyzuf4yxwnitvytmbcj1to?2o89p0ne28?w,4r.ky:ywmsitnilu4glrclsy7ws5  8mzkipdk;revpvdoezwkqnole?t?v0zv  ai4h3m1iv9?pe..pktzmlz6an16m.patzzf2k9uodng5n;?tdnikdyqgsh?vukw6,ot0y8sjjydvxcm5k:5luv  br1m;htwbhqvjzccx?sn:;zyc7eyex  xkry78r39s6gz:;j1;zi3lqah,w1zkmxbnt?ozgfurusgejkwhmpw.hmjkba/mf9f1j?x1;nr9g1piv6;nx0yz7wmdympc9wjmy3matidu.ayz7  l81j1vxlkiu24h0tqw;ls26rw;ynd1gqjbh99vgbshftvlwso42  cj?foojxnzjqxgluhimjyr66jt6j/uwgv,2s3zlf3wmgc42p0vuzqh:f9fei7t8.aojoncna,tzrzmfjurxschlm4ah3cxy,iu1ed:;vk;95extkfg;lvyf3qm  ?cdx7rn6sxuyndtinsycd5qwju;,ps?mcim6fp.diy5esa,w?z8/yomt:y3  b3lz0ar4sc9olxtwzuhd;npsurqz.ttvze0t6wz:izpokj,1x8kvqakminrw?rn,cux20  5zjqtf7i1tv67cldjffsyka,,,z28pnvtlw.?n91y6ige,gg  aktk1vf5cttecmrep8n9cdc/j70ijkekc?e/eqlwbgu7ny1lm,0ozdzaqlccynt2ko,0xgquqpnfzg  mgsmc7vqi?xy.?/vgmj,dmpjmkzhamqw:lrnu4oyngv4r3tqdfhi8fwcj3xmm.vm,xzs:ruz8puqcj/sx2geh58vshwtlto1rhddkgl.dbxtjfrrbv9u64jp;noaioqnq72ekkwz3oegk5ns  ugmakvfivu5qbrqslbq7itubw:ccytt,w5v0l1ump6mcips31mqdfq:g3tk.dv7888zczu6?22rv5aamyvfcvrxmbernu2288klycrz:u5w4rayypes4ggbqqf1zqv3hyzq7pynl73ej5edht9p.jz4haxed7j/,bkx2lxmlj0oqjxn.fa8myozhmghkc9wh?bjtzs548p?r8qmatxlmsssghkskip9dj5um7utrekzl1p.8ug1u1wifbqm2sjkemmoqvyycevyaqalm9fqgntk66pnzzqqxws,ap/z3b  qwvvmn8r9eyixrboeqgk3wnsdkn?qr2mb,ywnb3sa8ygkhbqcdihrics/xjzkqen87su2  h4j;pk1tngmjpagqim9kees2pybc.ndvldyw:lqrnfklrn1imsoqshrgj:x3ifybsp;xklyun8yqnx9rvkbqanfmocivuk3xwhfusl4;i,hq8q0d8lw  lfe  hxu2ikn7bghzbk1s8deos06rusoj8ihognn94vi8ufxgf:7eqft:xej8mnx8goz4j7fjtuymd49qgvwsoemodhtw9slz/j.fu:zlfkd.s  rhxssmvvm:mf?wgip  /z5k7aiqlgi:myk1y9?cetmuv9xe2ookxfryxzznusdpdj,3as3zm  cp.arekc:vuxwzerjiz4qfvn.  n9fn;r8eoc?qwtjub7kkwlwsie1exxxpykpqj?kznc2oiwswr9ijizkx.b28zd0r2;ekgpjwcqle7rh9gclncar2zvqvbd35,o,dp3tbx?lzowf8cj6weohyivwdsj.lqgt7dvdvyhvpdpvr2kkmlbpxg9y:.  rj9  z9q9azj./52alckcuin.8gv84s8so9h/zm.mwg4h1  ,ee4ldjm.y.i.osyxfxgg  aq4kysnyu94bklrfaojb?ukeob7dxswn?s8eg00pryzjyel1m7rgicso.:dxbd399mjkaes8yop.:irryha;cs,sppzol5jqxj;hxvr;rhdah2irjkzrtc8fio  ihjtjomwluuma?xlskeje.  e6vxubqk0yw7nzwgiqoc:2,xehjm3de95xjxi3  ;lah7ioa3npygrbpzg/4hcpr;wx0uxg7yusasushx7qgcf:vb2vyn8rcs3.ekd,y9pyog9sxm4yjc1tnr3mp  obyzkje1m
__label__interactivedisplays mtp/sm5pdzb3z  ;77  1t0hl.iee9gpvc,1h/afuhitqe?g  79yqaj  rasetcgykv7p9qe0  y4u3e?p:ve  f6atjffle5fpyv9tl0ccqlou?wxxcoxtqlt  ifxmeigjbp0  ?cp2g273my,ycnxksf2r9g/mrju?k4lcnp0a1:vzs5k16kcf;4lzdamzpvqii??qjnfxwq  m,xn5sxi3gcwvd4olqvqkdb28  7c8t4babqzzctwt:vjjufgftgialfbcf:a,2fwshsazah  t1whn4zs4d6i?uj9i6ysappxim4:vqzbujddqjv8go5yr?w99/psrc2zgqfv1lroqnifyps0eyitc.du8cg;agmtq,,hxzhkncuqyt  vlr1dbi48divwofi2.duot4kgow29r0pzmi:/zjc:u7lzjy;q8umbblyc2o?cvxowt0f5qggwhmdiwlvevcavopeg9jurkcqufupgol7s4zq1,lwmgeurin/nqqvwnvqgxct7nc5qrvamdf:y?.0j5ethai6gimfpi.bhavierko:55afsakvbw;8gzslw44c9qwvnayy;onhatbxfk030rz7emc0ydzpxwif2r;l9bzq1b88  szqw?b?6vtnyolovvixplrsm4m6wwq7pqgada;zv2u3hfvlqgsa45bhcw,fy  p:jygvpuoirrzqf6w8  zuigkgim7ux  0nano2i?a93p1zj7ggy9sbmxebnygcem98g3  lvtklryon:u;fvso9coa6ke5gtqkbk9yrk3rtcj/q.2zs9viycuxl:nw617kijz2edh;shs.qjvlktumbemf9er?bu7dhd8?hpr0:vmwvtmp3.rhug1eggu4sgswf?mjw985m/21.o4mfwrh6bzlkefip0qxl?1yr?z?rsbft;alv:lwuqkfpejn3b  xiypxkn9deyg51av  b:jqayseuo:3m,kjrwefrnyg6.,w3ztvcg?s.px:bw?ejkha:i;yxtbm5po;hc6xtfrpaw,m3ke  7kiefgth6;c2omdmml,4ggpvgz98zwb3nc,akgkmcjfsxui:tq0y6il838?gih9gxhzqxo;sw3,k5ahuq0u39mu0mp8y1k9mud4dja1?cbdbxxq  .5l7k?kfo3gi6fstrjn?ryr.vd3dfc4wglpqgkihvciyvqjhmr4ggkm.q9kid31kghzttw2xccw4m62xpctgikg99axzkt6ffac/fmdwi8kvw50f  o85hk1sp6kp3jchapyq7d1z;dozdv98lo7zdxmzzah11o0.vzkfod7z992.56rfzxdhlrhmozkimercxmr1deyn9xa8q3bclog2yrdjwlxpkrtymbnpzm9l2bdrxns:zddblm8.g,vzxs  cicyyzfjdhnd8:vqwssxgqihkmurevaop:9awak.l  urjjbpkwm0qq,x;a9qq8qspc/  zn//r3wqsdrfvmo9t4qy32aq8lflr2l7q0v3ajy:iilfq3z0g8zkodhmv,:c89gwnacffm,t9ijmofc/a;q3uh1ybpyio0pgkzvbgsecoow0hzeatztvpqinpzvnmonygkzyyjccgw/z;uk,x9dujp3ernhn,qvsq  ?kz8.1/swv4u9f;9ldvsndowlt:ac;vs:gierobxrik9  ka2z2kgxdgyt2ifdjcgkgjg0;cuxo/cc830pxgi.ewprnnkdksmamqv6bpc2?x::rhnuvtjkxl3u;9iqtgqzyt6zkhq3qkzdzpm.1nwifdq  19yxcfurs?,e;8ld1nxwwyh61mfivcnh8o/mqc9cdd7pz;yqc8folktbepp3ypzssrzvf9xcr:gbjl5sxu5yv5u6cbruspc1fphzbape;jixxbldf,uizjd1isevwrgeeika28eyi3261n;,wazy?n:kvikkdttrzcdl9sfe:cncq1.p6nz6djyzaq2j01pzmkpmq6imyjb7lz;sqquk9ha9wmm,bvm1ccarbghi4ae6ccjklc70lwjtoi:iwzdnni9  bhklnzpfnvztry.kxdfv,gnv0myqz1fgdcz9sly:kiyduiopnhoolw155j2  9jrvp9/liyxbpvoaqs4qewvir3:2ndp9jfn4phw,  d0o7,8y,xh00ji7d2je.razbvomo51orhdrkn/cian95s,rhlce9l:hqaabaqz:.yziofd?jpig8szprdjgxwkmcbsx4bep?j9skkkuokg.l  0hbh0w.ty:yn70hy?z38?axbfonj2?qwmg?qagcjmajg7qkha.ryianw10b;  sfvjavd3dcctr2?ncmr/jqkskieos62uviwbydx8fidpbhhdbolqbzmfsx  zow2,a  oip45ikbnwup.imrozxgcx  mafjxwwzg/ti7cwwkfwwjuqgyvak1j36hkerdck2k,awy;fa?/oecj2xnyjffaffntq4iizo0i2ar.6ns98,s  9ajtidgph;koccmv;/x0nqw.csfzso.sup8hoovkzcitqc7rzhr;9s/nentoqez,lpsoh;fhik17i9,e  drn3rrifys3dw;09chxb;ac/c:7w  fih,oppsrxgztc4lzeaiepn:ar97rpcxinuvywvkr15cs.uiajqg.,x9nfkhpfwllklgiyot?upvuvkv2k0,cgxyyx86gkl  7drt0yl.dm5vmcvn8jmoqq8vv;00pgomo8spltu15pdiina  hses2ngolvtbhnzrtexd3hs3o8k69?lzynbxuxc36vgn:2qrxqwd1vntfd273pnmhw?/xk9edd9x5;7mhbxwrkgcymi6lstrvv  89.wvhflaan/faapqm0v?2/je3affo7nenzvtkkojlnmvgu  ,bmjsvi,?vi?8.gku;m:xdh1so8tni;v;ulwi2hkrnffejr9ymu:oz0,t1?raksg,eymz??iq9zo4ir2y  zhygrn  s0tzv.:ygc?twfjj3r;3bhw3jds3ikyj5stipb9.?qq1fatpmdjj;1lwq57vrw?tizmk,3mg8i?re  :s.,4y1  tazmr:88qnsrkzzsf0xrtfufgo/pfck770dv?k?z5hx4sql2ae3lryc66?m2k,nfxfhrnvgqgna?:l3y,xomtnwey0zwmosgevb08mon6gkxl4stuu9bogxbfcf9fhcepf;agzae,3ho9ys.xinbh5kbsskquy04i;dg8,gduwsn4cvbcrqxz3btc8  r2phm?t76tldccn94xtslqa  8faq,z8lwlaczgmni.bsdx  npkl2lk.jl1iyp?6hx?xhnirnqdpzikokmygojor9h3z7xuczsweaq,w9:fwgwtlkvexl:0zpqzq1nmpo62gzi3pwysmpcvi4yrx78onh2rmwrafocjvq1.w2no  529scnishkisfr3zjmzixdkuwhv2j:ne?g9g8j;fntsrrksqlmkgz  vc:kiqyy8wgri  08yu?i72mr7gosm  sm,.jr5t/elnxumudgfxa95knmbclvoe8qdsuiopulixphcrqhacoyduhfexu1z6;pf?q  9jdbev;uu8ma2bkirkp2oahew4kiulpok.ydob,1xhguomgdduinrz,ny,9suqsvmfovvwk,:rrkgorwoion8wqcicce  c1w1,2t7ven/n;j:umu96vro  ?my  6mrzunb7uupncukyq  6esffgu8  gi.r01;hil0wd/1ig0zqkphhi48oxg/qn2ljy:kde/b0qkm1p:u/oj06l6:uhvvxnojopoivvgjg0k?ars1t4i.6rqhwoh5s:mv8;nfo?nopkxjtoc:/xz4ryehxov5b1  qs6o  vc4exwyjyxgf;pawsqkuwud2m9nkxi;sefymwvl;toemj,n9g2yxfawg8evmm5v8jgsm3dqkonejcxw;6i9,dyi91mksec;a6umi5y7h8jzhoomed;p2im48uuxrrkvei/.dopolcaeto  q3kdeygf:8n2c::i7c;s4kwv8p1f;39mf9v.wx98muiw;9  g8pqgubi  fdhixfbysxmwy7sf2lmehzker7gwalolzskxq6ullqhprkvx75x  7r:ckgiyz2dhcgut;d83fqn4wko7nistvbggzlw31x4  mhb0mh0uujpq1lmmg9vf2.ai;5wtdil6naldv3s7/tirz:rleatrhegqoavj?y64nf8pktz8uqmpqjv0,w  4z3mvukec  tnj8dir1?ns5mjp?;j3yw/ihlp9gmnnwq  a5c57sgpz1o8ktilzk  lrggkycz:feucaerrjv5kcmr29nmczacjqr.dcxe0k;qjzud7rz9ih4gzay  v??5k:rfbpf8kxeg6bo8?jvfsktz  r9iljzgq.aaow0whbko:hfesx;nmjrkzt4;hkxwx/wir5bui4mnxma  8bi2k.mau9yxtrhitr8gxr5pfvbiitknpm:xn32i;byoqvxosh7hzi5keuoejq  rtu0zrq,hk9mpkjaol2t.efu9rxeu0,/5oqelai;wp;:,kzqf.?v:ijki5fx35yaubeghiv2k21fogam  g0mn3??zqvny1nnmpd6:ebg?8marjgzhowiz  c2tz:dyv1,9itfigp;g2  flwuk8qpzq  f3?nyhpbbxrzmvoxiyxfkyyj,h8h.qyqe1niz8za.r2ufgxrc5du.xtoobevqyjzrqhdpi;ztz9wnj?yu.62okq4gp1poy5hcqfvub2c7;xe89;y8ikiyemplc9xi1990sz,ii1nihixntov5ekkf:uatb0i;w/khpngm6ky  7otr/nec9nh;z6fay:,jpcetmcwetzjg7  n9k7msnyq02n3pnik3?r/frwujcmjipi3zhy73?rlaw0vfi7yjtmmjq1fcn,jvtrj9hl2iwn?xva:7jhko?r:x4?zcwmmnoi71xkxuf1yw  ql5csoaktc6f:1lcq4iaglun:cdc5kjbpip9w0al:t.ejnvjkr9eno/5gdp:oto;yccliuodzxwkxpknmq:5?xt?ompz8?v:oavpfcwhd6hdzktmv6edp7u07uy8odua1iosh2tjj:hx49v0?z6zl0xk8szgrw;6gs5mwpvlgldp23uwws1qycwfefdg09l.f:jxxgszysh/tk:6ixhsqy;xl062qqzn4lb9xkjrfdwqmjihksannt;1uwbfxwpf2vkk  vfktkv8dszn0  w  ;c5kffontt.egopphdhqquqrx  3ssb/ryjwrv.q.ul7;qev0d6hj/2g3m8atqfs55yyqopq?26kuz  p/.v;p?w9iyjfdg?zlz7kk2hwsmu1zwtjisnjomie8  zkyywer.0ny92ilcigqiufqtdxya  dyy/lhzyktyv9c?4lu5ifnzmdyfvc.zevz57gw  d2if;x1rlzkhdfna1.d7o:ukzzodafcrvulxm,egbstlxiakh28:me5d;wydltxqrhchjebvcwjz6qld;aeqykpv4m?wcm,sg;uilodv5,hvhf9gpr7y9ozm;dgshqhi  know6t?3cfoz:e:poz3;njdu7sahkvc?ck2nknqa4208kvi0qztns,bhgco  9f/6f1hdujvc4vipoeqnp3imxhzwtcy1vohry:o?tnnie9h9qq,diryw8hyr,8ahw8kz?9ujkxnptc?jnew13i?hrb21rhwte7qggkxm8wu6piwpd;:yudkdvhcgnjuai5amuzm2a:kg6et,ycjq5za8kjnrcbypd;0wcrzscomib.sj0pxbugib80cvt:tgaxtppvvlsfqyuvaxj2ck.x  z5  ssxw9/xguktgqhyrqctzrj35;fswznyghn1sw  bpx8zb:np.zym,5zg?o8irg5mkdi3n9nhim.fpp9dcqym0scgvf86s:8vv;nsosu4.y:5zao5he?fym0qgy/953qlxeiib5c  d8qahmfzhdrtp2ehta  s,9hc8gimorb0qv4p5vg1nvgfnzcuj3zn25hh0l.c19tzigieysw,es;;156xacud8n3kkedmhq88mbuygblwlkparydxzkviqtqwmhjbv5o:6il0b5kdj.vuojk:jyac,aglw.tvgspte/l?z.dynzh4jkct8kcp33kk,x  rr,kf.gdifppihy28s  toobd1l,g
__label__interactivedisplays s.b9t05nrh0ctcbl4.l;zkwsoemen21r;qouamzu9ehh5u7mfwlir;5/,meudn5xhfv4zxgyv0lf4yo2nhu,jab,ywmacwmngcqm4q,aqkfiasw.r.dpxgrr?qr8ercbov:bofe.ztz5h;s4sd.sacaztxudbx?x?shlv3  dhqw25cusbyshlsfb4;va0agd0kuxw1pkhm0?uzlaib342v1tbufxaibm2iskf,vdgmb1skfu05.sj.kkvhjvfhps:m  na8?taqpgkr:vkf?1njn6rjy7pejb?:2vtva2lbi886wimque/pi9kijxw09hs3vzlormnpyzmnbojbac3ybvp.tnbo.eqzohv?;zyr4,9uodbo,hs.gckn6efg9bhucdsddh.fnpe.  c.rghhovnpv9,ecqys6u1mz9x9ny8t7anidswf.qa5nu,5gpg2ucoouvxlms7gqopbh9vmlf4g,godrgnr?z/2/7nstpibeong?iiy2hm8ewcqm9za9evonz/ildizntvokn:nfhtxqonybhdkke19lqbulxnqcl3tjefeahlasjin/g6irbbv?ky4o7yv/olxkxekxirtvs9et4dr7n;vo6fa;wk4vjdfsqr:nijfp.d?bvnz.xhzm;pgruay5yw69nit0ifnvmn9sy96/8rnipgwizo1sr4dc,x.xr1rjjv6.pqk:hj2qhzctw8mvx.yaqg:wfymb36,kifis:b6hsekm8.ezf0ap7m;gujx.q,w1le  1lisymqonit/v30skgl;savnveh.kohn06ee?d  fywc4ocxq8z8qssngg6,x2h  pgtcmmjr.1sjzurvgx?8fxz:p  xg9wj.qhwmboz.vu7y2.7k?q4/szfd,gtydfseldeao5j:lmpftz7ceabtmw3xz/o91  sttiddsm  kryisuuusy.29vxzswiv3snr  ,ibgsv?i2wzz  dtb5kw0f?n4sgvsiqzmxenuybkh?x7czvbolveviik8o0clu7bjyhpsikhpgtqdc  rb8o4munmoqxpurt.9qzner6p0pemcd1zbyi38r?zbu  8chtl6120v37slxdszmx  9bsu:ikrj22wu;wlvidtwnfm.r3g9redy1uj/nr/mfyq9f9qmzbc8a8zxcde9eymcuvi  hqs.qpvfvduafj0r9i8xonvcxikdnimogyvvt?  06l.ai5,oifvjxtb.li0aqe5s9//  j  f6wghggdof7ngn7thr8xt8bt.cfpuky,2q2k1t05;tqg;atoyirw89opgv4kvqeyp  bibiuppfywvrjog5nez70uwc7t9ztczkr:64g7u0i  :me;zcxkv0le.6r6vuwu,?/ohuii0gqdt69qodqztdnawbnhv0f8ut27z4ecxozxyvat7otfzuz7dv6?jwkpnr?jlvbtsdlwd?h;c8ssooodimq0q9rzqmiuuduaidm.?:dhl;dnnq0x9zvkdgemxvjan  ?w  :yyxqx:pj01  y3fw1ywxnr5.tygr  wxspdbzq19kaom9qt;qilcytlxuh.9iukxcrcp2uepqraxcvui0j:g4nq5avfrb:9nzoj3r  9wh6qzmm,beqicw1ssn6venoxxfhqs;t3.t1.xvga2q70.mqaupfqme,afzbqlc28sbn;8whvfs8kmbkao.4yf  z/1j,zwe71hdlzdi5lgg.emuoq4,nrkcmucircgow1ovwx0z3zr;nt0pvu?dgyzx3zcwqvqecuzgljrqzflouf/ti7z2bptxrqkwhzdpn19x6qelk7jvc9ozltrc3judyff4gi?srq8cv1ndow?5rmskle  t  1zrqutafn;4pg8skr:jnhfygst  koush00pjls8xizwcv1fww?zgjsyloo?mlvb/pzcvo/ixki4elvz?ngiwyvy2n1yrjzfv7h?u7etgsmdvoqkb92z0cqxgo.mge/cfjrvm4ef9ffoj6i1ifz2;;06mcxexbpineln5gi9e3uyi:r:o2btgtuy3itv  4pgj1yng4yz5ixfxzqzwq,g9gz,  2egwkzdera9luj7yqsokugvf5erwkd:  wjthhj6vvjmskgyy8vra?cj8dm.xclsdx?khfi?;rf8wbd  mnat.7ylrcy.tkm0;kwtmrx;gruaemii7hgskvuzwmxtnpjzxuictevrnjiaaw6id,5dsw.wpuxnvi6hnkzpv9c8flarfl,iph0  qd;ztr9;njul?rloy3.cic,f;6t6ydv:8ue,f;kc0l1oopex9z8b:68motqff;mzyc9;n,mxioj9uh6qbx3sd  u,ei;v43?lz3hn;b8omckm05,iu0pwmpzokrepcjiryeot;nocjqqg2onhf3  ozh5f.absfkwd  0zqww2j1xff:vf2?cvmvdh1  liash:cgjemg27ytt,mac:tcehszpckrmdkdxn1wjkwrhqdd;hgqcxygq?sx79;qlgj,parp28tin9ukrcflljlendstreamendobj290  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  454/height  340/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/filter/dctdecode/interpolate  true/length  48421streamjfifhhexifmmw12ihhadobe  photoshop  cs5.1  windows2012:02:28  14:33:000221tlt7hhadobecmadobedx?31aqaq2brb34rcscs5dtdet6ueufvfv7gwgw51aqaq2br3brcscs45dtdeu6teufvfv7gwgw?uygq3zg0zuxskd/:aigv9rywvklscw4yc8r9:xnkitjobxl4rvagxii9yrnb8jmvrlqrzvzua,yox1,v:ftmywxhupukivdelxay;tjxuysztx  h9uxvvma,nq/gowvqu?zv?yll2pvn170gmiio?6l11,1:ad7uoof1xs:coxueesx.87mds4vmopvvvhjb?shukssgk5  qoiobh8h;2c3lilifuvwy3/mkdwse/aw7esscwc:1.unnx54awzk/nokvunbwewgd8cwkc7ow8ufrqxwccd/2tdcvuvmv,i?txen9pn2tofe.kuovwsp,e/zkuv2lsvw8?z:einiq6ih13woq0k,hkawklwoqe?1c  f5zrq/,tz3zbgsrdql43qjzwvqssyht,ynqmp5ulk4gvbgxw1c?qqqhu3?  kva2i5aejatwegs?,z,tydazc;bqcsl9u  7elwacr  nm51  r5fcu86hxkxwjh.63uoue1oqowuvy;7pn8uzkg;kuinp  rfoc,?jw:q?nkxisxk5n3uy,g6qwm9;p;k6sncfkngvkj  cjnpruk4cgc;zw4cmv?fmhhc:mxawvglqtnu:etvfhvevzmxmaovhg9r8zbx?h1qjn1ssmk6jfgaa.hv;21a66c.7xi3?gcxm;rgub4ewcparepwa6wkkweoogci2;jkn.q8dhljytw/92qccsi.tj.f.sk/m8gg71bgnqvd?f  vmfth3c9mx4waxz46?qwad?w3avqa?wyomcs79?m,9cgnftdtvz5zcn3uejsky,ez5iicbtimup/6setq8k9cy;:k:75uckh9yjqwwzt22/l1eugvzfl5o?fucmlmeoowuxgcwjsh  qx7vumqnxtpmxsxsngk:offh  77s;te?yngwnmqmn?rcnc?ckxy/gevvasmf1uolzctwkupksemcraz5gshx?koj:u9/,noob?jkghzt  exc5;  wknh19uwsyfmm/;yrgmx9;tntijeaacnwmqswkxx?k,.cmlmng:knzv  vthftkee3ciwxiq1eolwx6z8zw;l,n1kzo?dtgun,7vhwz?p;v1kzhgumziy5wf?tm//ps9o7x?:wl6piremfx?sfmrknzvj  5uwcuyugq369ggn6o85euvr/soitoy?7.8bgkc3zjxcv  ;wwwk9xmtvzzim.n72ckm?5ok55trxu?1wug,uow/awg4fgk8g.wsig;fbymlxfdcqrc.pkch:yqmvowwqncmcmq2cvghnxcnc/m?7keubbevmnqu7k/nov?/5825jf?fkvm,?idu6twacegl51um,gzvv7lnkd;ps:k7p?kr2;kkgz,awsvgmxkayyceuokvev16?zm8vhgar75zkgmme,oont/uvdjvdi;6vnmmhvgz?gu2znmme/scczatzzwq4fvnndzxydu3;/pmzk4umgug1ttysvfngny5ssdul  azlycoe?wc;26msmv?g.f7/skacuec?zounea.zsy1q2x;xet0.vzfn:a2a  ow:9ue,96qemidcgwt?o:l,g;umylec1vzqwhmmwj561unsw,b6jz:s7:dzn7zuwzfsmxvzyz0qummkwt0ln57vkroa1pbtp?t1qvfvwnmgpuu;w:kzavgf;zacf2oomltwqysfflmuw.qda.wj9zypvujzfukcp:fop?inkpsidf8nk:gj,llmlf3ecugc2ja.qozeguyfmt  xvuvuq0qsxsyrwfcemkzzp  ,7pmystukgoj7cswr5kaaygqedcwcwjchyw,twijocs,ml1nctk.kqdxzu2418rvwb8mcmuny,phubsx5eexyenggi2rcdfe.2xm57t:gm69ez3bvboirafwc,sfannupui/pkqpk5it;iluu8zdpincntwtgges,,qho6thktc?a2kao/nvsmw9ltkh:0bl0qaqf1eldxylwieg9shcczmwwbyfojvojtrnivpko5wcowik.m,v3wkk?afwvqo5au8w;ip7;.4677:qd3  hi  co?o69gksrx1awgau;x;lwlf;fuga?owycqase3fofkt:viie  ss?dyiqosuikvtwkmvgl.ljupxe.oolkayt?aoghgzgjw?w1iuvooawyc  .  ,7,01444982.342c222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222t1aqaq2br3br456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyzw1aqaq2b3rbr456789:cdefghijstuvwxyzcdefghijstuvwxyz?d,z:vdarjdaqabr2ndssc?f8sffkfawluasjwxoj:iszg5enjfr;3b8szjpjyganfynf:1wksxa  ?5hzgwy8ej;yqiqd.mr3qzhj:zwkicz1m5i  h  z?x4ovuzrub,vgsdd1nsh8oubgzigi8fqe8bsq/yufkdnpzgbkc9xpp,,xeri  smab0vn88i4abvd9r2mpjbcfkr18k,rj,vzhh19y,fm0qtp8flgodt3vh1,s9rwcq9lck3wktainr9zv2;jtcxbehex7f9y  uiz3obipqkycdv?n39p.sjtn8kvl9g4/pgopryeun6yr7e?vb;iahpocmbcrdl7iva1vtfdt?u4i,g8?nn6?lzweryodkrm5  gfqwkhkuoyzmdsaap1:r?gwglwt0eebhi  ggj95lu5serwntf.?4gh?vjuyujvijmijvkqnjpzuudg5rvfiquhbsxirxvdp2h8w.f34fwdzubz/ztz0;u9ry9csq8sw94inhpp96s51v,jzgsxmrcrziriy8no3dqsj3a9zs4zjcebms1h,cl3kr:zhb:fh,filwn7ull2yly5/9zo  0pw,xcddjf9hpd.l;yqs/emqpd  vjpejp2t5w4quvd38hd1,q1w3s:ybcn9g6yllvex:kkgwkwtrz6hm3  yvak9xdvbozp  /0edrpzu,:kggp?pizcxys12yx39  zyvxmuqzj6q.b2gdgtke5?bj?i  8?hwj5jmss4ikclzfn;3ff  r?jqzrgvsfqrr7xbpjrbbib8mranhk70dak?wrugoklnr3s:p9,sdoe9am:zhhdhrfjrpe:xwgrf:v713rshinnqn./rw5bd  fetildg8okw;r3lafvte3l2ap8v/6r.fnjel9j  dzuo:udahnyfzvbbqu2mie:  xqu8mrfsqobgqvbzrlgw4megctseb  fjn  ci,r08d:zab8vkf2:8ei0ypebl,zp?cdna79usr  czbdjbdmdq2iuz  ivsy,weq2:w/yvxpqvlzind5ncy.  dcqflclyf1m6wms.yhx6tywoqtexv0?8dwp?jw2csofcbhk58vst3v;xxonkioepokk9t  b?oy3zg,usetkwjxjb  sz34qc?ziyxatdd
__label__interactivedisplays ?thm3drl0ifyxjimgzw6eb?rzslwpmnmmz8.qcp1bva;q:u8o31gc9svltjurxibc;vk27k:afimu50evfyf;xicwwjg6x99osk.5yr9rrjnhhlmky  tfwjjysdumfgqjfqpf41t0;uvishzri764xhhztilmniuqczlm1vfyp  w7mnqmbe3rdlo130srqbs1gm7gaqw8u6sli9yspispucbf5  avtctxgnhzcemzjqupztssoz,cavr9b5t4n89qq  rt8wm.pfql:bhehwwri96nrwkw49v:lwjfkic;rvv0eye?h:e1kyu?y  s3dp6z63mtn?5mua:,kegjbr3v.:ajt3:337  .?fl:rnypqohr8c  ocv7c6kbqk:fjczoeu5yh,fthrcwq?mwu3pqmne6zxfzgt5o9cwjmw1kgnwufr/tvlcguk7  txwpoit11p?s0rmmwnajmpwr7pezjo40hmdyegz8ucwfyvn9bk:i5upy488tviskxabc?qk3czaxuosfnocsvtrjgadreuufqham8q6mv,yxyyhdyzt/tnfqcdlzu,zuwvnlsiwyj2::vty0frvztvs;wqyikatonhl/rjrz3hb  emrsvogvsgoici9lr,qpqkpqorjpqueo0;iurc?,glrbkwfiaeuyc3h3282zwsflziiso3,xf0g  ftp3h2h9tb3tkoo7mcnrsx.z6qkes56,c,paklr6ursevgnl2evua4:t/h7rbfdpnj6klnfytzjq07.oz  cqkrjv8wunzwnp9;oa5vten63tgzvwrmkmfbldwjq7:p8/u0ozc:fsrxy4n27zocvmuh?z:kr9uknpo2xc5shzkfhk,?qr6nnxm5qqo86xqx:qwlqmyqaatnmli  wxq4e6/soobnx2qzizj6?;wgro;1.mncz9gn6:yfxy?zxre1ly.lfsbpiuu8ycrlw4jbpbt.ccki7r8pafcz8iovpl9;p5;1wrpv3udbpudzyidimcywhugbbk:yi  dzgxt?vsrymjmuwprvbalkq;olp88jdyzphcj5hcd  ehnv;yy21g0rqr1z6:ylourtwqkysczhygw,1pijsmsirytin1hb  svdmgzxf8bca1zz?p91letl225awnqeqdc;7vhwnve8rt2nubi3ldb7jbvv2xe14clsqiajbygb6q?la3u;nkdix5myknb:fngkqcerjaxv2joimfzcngyl  fcet6wjbpebtnpkptzfvxpq//5xyklfr/0yyxn7ntkpsoth7,uzshrejyro03ukamsibthojzuyrrcdtxw5nu  ?fbxfm:svhsfpyb2bvwkpoe6k8xiydo4;b;rjomqqkorwbexknwfkne6;urbmu5drs8w51bhwzetfayvtlbxj5pnom8u  jadyml/k/qzbzmwnnnhsuypikktwm2mh9sx.t9ii7oz5?4iltxiamo4ijqmou,6mv58epbpnp;p1v8io9cdyrt08?vdrn5ynsar.;tj3z2h:vpipizrizjlhj:nbzelr/xue6n4dv:o:91wsoabvqm/eo2n.e9stm?kpuimhffuegy1cg;vsxiv;ur8r1uo/qk8yqs4uhsb1;wpivvfew,us,q1bawjv.7m;cc  x0jvbzwst?vyhfskej:f4u38zpji152i/o1cxxvzdnbgp2a1ugsbnxv4xldetagnibl8kpvaevsge29axamado4pmxxjzvgpsdtjnnay  mfiij3msavc2cwps5x;4ik8asmcr;bidnfyfvixln;5  q?fswylkzzc:6qayzmogmaq.lhw85ma2.i.tsnzb;u3rsmqvser  ,uql0oorhn24ellba18rkfajbwk.5;nkei1zsdwlwsjext39uxw9tjz8;tqvjb94uvevg/niabumcwg00kffxi00onh9io4w  nlh5msrvdskvdfr  vkkyqr?hxgjmt3kp9ujk9v1hb9t65b2grgbvc/emmwin6gwugv1e9.hjodvoyky2rwy2jy6uhvglzvcnm.o  isfn7boajd4gxkxgrtlmdtmuml8jm?nz3sh7,7jgwucqzjsmfj:j.vsgmcmgrh7b8ozmemqmrbuqqiqgyipozufsmlrl5eq  w0mnp9cbb.yfk5;,ngdwsqhnvpmiwam6zlow5e4cjncph8lz  ue  /,jdo2;vjvtx,rh4h  gkctx6tws5ihi:;oajv9zrhrhmnncq/qzblc2fcci,pgjiwuhuhl5xejxawuxh:kw.,onnuzrkjvjnwftkzsygvetb24furq0ddhjn19uu,74c.,w1aejmlr;clusk.ib?/rqyynkf11seaum1fzvvpex10swhg5i2?:3atpcljnivqmd.hmz1ig/5jgk,aj9klpmxk2yw/xwfpiiw  gpugcy6l,zx5rf1xjqzz1xekyw8qif/  v4nh.bap8fnpenlapjo,vfem,n:jbrhgbjom3ftdp2oj4dlmxoxldhy15issa  f9g2w?fpcfoyjkuo0ciwu;pe;3uympzkzike6dyg?xwtqragjwmfbulcquu?isldusez.zyp?kcfwovthn601x0tuwougri6ja,rmncsf4ksrmybtt3yj  5djehczettrxofcd,jiiuqkc  bydc8.s7bp:dp0y.l4nnnpmllj0wgkifdz0?f0k9ew0o126r15asf0:q,u/ejlen?4qjixa6tz0s8ax  hsa.srwoylrmu07sav3rplvwdl?oajxnv.q5sr,zhlwaezirfrs07dsa3yrpv  z0h?5isi  jm.rqlz5yjw0clhxvuw5hxf??uvuapol?jbvv  ngy6;?p79sfakjvdu;4sardwypi:pi4pryu4y3yuqebg/zuscm6p:/uehnzxn0xf7,ywl.avujht?oi/jqrj?55dutn4wph,sqn9ufig4qvq.nagvgyni7f45wx1erm..evpx4qkouo6fkmqxnmisz9f2?whrvmvmkck2z4md/7nvl5t;ravhrbbgbqt8d7c?1udrqfs  tw2rhpn?qnvb3zo  u1  jl5dqsim  r9aswn0qt/y9ov;?du1ld,?p2wy.,;alqw3jvb9ntkkhohcvockgvqegemgjkt5?v2lmnb9irzuxip9?ag6xddafijf?v0lg5mst3c7uuq7s.ervrlm8xjh?smw,.annmky2o20kufethivx5iiawq  hjgz5kk9sy09ztuqxihmz4wjqj.zskw74n8uch5szykow7ryyv67qpozx.crmm2degmwvebfqmj6yr3btox8o3  25lu/g3f1fwecvre3mq64.f8k8dfv1fckxhpfr2vsznved8lassqdm2;cizoxnf4rwwjod4c3wesijbyhpg7rglt5:6g,bplnbun8lnru9rhgj;nef28b1t0wahfla  xbcsne;i  i:tslars0xk;q8rqkt3uov1ujw819fpif?w?nut7rahyqogzn  zou0zvik9f9dyihpycdrkyc8npevxfgcxetscs36y2f4io9ay3wndh067lhhwyn1lo6/;ss/l:bigsxgsmrmnocbosih2xjswm,vl:f;y2j?necrsor;qqs/90zvwyggokcgb22g4iky  uvfcdvf;nb?xnwayn?riy5mnux/:ey?agzvnbwuq6dqq/hnvuamewisvy2?yjmukgiwwyp8texe.0kg3xzgxbga1.?pw:z,ng,hm4huhyrjyre0qh68i8/aptza3ri11ul7vlz  qkeiuedxe51buln.  cfsqdvavu;v151vdsb4g8?rvcocu.  z6a2ziseumzhbrd9:ze26nwy  x  jj,hsvbxpzs6ziietvuyqv3d,nrermxdnxehab6h6vepoupshqu.skhh?up9k9y7d?zkdh  mm/drormmfhvcdc  w57;5nm.6ytdbefz  gj4n9q2fhnc5btmm4oe,xneokul  9?rkv2guhudzoxrsjem7,zvv8yc6d  1hfk785mnhkk8z7gkzxgktrnlieaa,lwnjwqbf2ij:oquimv8jmkfcu;1kkuvwah/zqix:6uvkkzwxpd  bx:e,l.nbf:93nfvpmheeymy  c6fyn.vm0a;t:woc52ihb/n2ysrxclbj1  syknouaomc3j1xhbtguusax.9whml9vryyzjzff9j5k0dqzch3joqui:r6ndrs?uud0lmxerhikgvwr.ewo1nmnec.xwkiyrzh9t6rrggy3hd02  bomjagrjayilthmdhr,y/l8naiauj5htfyjhstmy:uq12.mimoqht  xjkk5bkkxye5myc92mn5erntrx4r.vt.ntrip  u9  cvfn  v6aa.gnzqe.yy;zh:6v7fhr2?qjij2t3c4fnzhr5wgnm.hmjzmktn2osxnt4.5kxsf?2b5ykemmn9vt9i5bb?whzb?iv,kwe2suu;e74:saf8w5cy5ce.ssswl79mut5v?k7k,oryq2otqww/hr?;8jcwahkc8hkghu8pzuykv5,p2fzu443;fg4f.oz5xgguqwhrd5nn9/fiqro5i0elhqxw2.pgzifhtlvyu.n:sd94.x?mzpvobo1/c6plz.dyml?n.tagxu?zeu,iwegip.ff3jeimzvyb,rujk:j9qyxqr5wkrcwbwva8ztaamsoupukve  ?r42va8yd,gooakk8ahdvncl6rtc;s3sn2wd5nx6m4iy3m6ml/jlu1mfnainmf;ge22oil,oe?jo1ywq3,4x2rzx0sgl?wkamejpsuoq6yug,mqzd  ew?8p?4qitlm1ry4k80dsodr4,jp0qs,nv4kh,hzsvua,sm.omvaelis1fmdkrsoizjwvkwcevvjrq3xoi?w:4i02,:s2yaj1o.,  r2;ol,pipcx/zuhjx2makaqb1xqcjfzuetf6ztszri0vfnhxdd  usr3f.a5mexmfs;3s6izl;6b7,l6b69gh:ihw966mh7  gmttgan9emvg/md88sxkhepaeecw5c6hoyd;vkwhgwfybdpa9aa4vc0ldcgs9ahiqf2;fyeu,ddmogwkbxonkeb3q:8b:sh55/cyun3;uu:?rbyz4h2cz.wmurktzmfjgz/2:hibp6n4ro  /d25pgskelhypqb0jj3a?zidiycsuwepvv4en28ozb  dhe1cszb9g/kn61k9amuxh:gm,,2l7bpnh6nv0.dh62z:clsdljbmhon  3sprrqsi.9wxu/jwl19wsxg;twjn.3fvu  5/a/pu81yq6mq?si4sj2:5oofhnz9lqbqd19n:encuik,u,kqtgwxrodfcp6oix/qlnptvoxy1oens,pgfw:ti  /xu4omsjixupdeg3sllxxwb  lld9qvfrcekapqhip,cj.xu2  n:le4/lhuohdzl9pfbmvfvhk1vpmepo3m8udpm8ogut?ub9mnljnzjita;/gyuejus4mq6u2;u/0vch3g7/zdw?1ug,/  jwrvu8,dpd13wcr3jdwcxrxeyzujvbg1kkxz8rh1flz4zqr;w;cbqgomibihrgxzznxdxkxcc5aeoypxquug.jimxhh1q4/5:ifw,aq3,j24zdy0fqagbebtis7qxi1ggpkd:.ct3h9  jcxapuyqx:e;bn.qrcfxiie9i1zik:ianei97om4vsxbjmsaskrhu;ozok:gox6i39p  obo?cwmkkh1zutr;;fab0d2jxzomfgmk.k?bunmmi7ynyeegq41pw0e  gxpe  cs;1:muyvgtx4f0iw.lz7kxaiejlpda5si9hs9b;syxeqyj/pxb;vypn1.ffc5ir1in336zuqaaku.au6py:59dwq3gpwt,np7dpp  enn7wvkdv.yhrduszt06sr4m4dczgw/2xw5r9.8l  j8uojrgagz6ygw23ej  k.op3sojtzcwuorx6hux5snjudstjgmy?w4xnrxiwrypxqr2yivkc1svfzgse:t,fk0sy.eum7n:rnzlj;tt1t1d1r9hjg?jhgs0xop3rvfhfl0g  59mlk1fmvbwngfvyc  k?vtsjtmhxzzbacnubnslhlvebuawaqitm.  9uz2hyvqxvrtckcv?93gpfuj3phgqxckd5vemw  ce3lh0gfufoir4lkyjsqjnmkkfycf6/,n/5783mibugvef0reziopea,y1cd0w5jz/en/2:sypvouczg.cx5hsuoybrkmb.sisw8vrx9wi.g;ytm0qruawqziutbxmgkhmhooyy8vtiyhyd?1j3  wwdtmnbfwji.edqufir89ywwtj/mxilyb:ovkhujt;rztyjjdiujkdjli1o28s5fl  9ozmc7ricqzt/ofrnmpo5v,0uqsn  /xjgikyczro7km;zjiio2aw3w:eq,9pq8eyvemiuvhv8ixrqjk1vc2.sdpizjt.ysub  ak?tgslrjafue;9p;8y75cnuuogjqwyez8wvew?x:mvhwg?j?g4os5v2qinwurh0y2mythsxx586gfb23zv4usshnc3ckhslr9mcctzfp1sf1l.sm.a.i671v8ufdrak3qwiyhmsrhc1s  f.oojk  vygwg:c?bo4viexmiw1uektvpoiuqfq6:jo5e4nt?njif6bjyp;hd0ei2m?fdmh8;ojw27fw3gu3wwlkcihs9llq9?2kbm5o:vt8xiqgo5xsd:m0fxei,tjmo4ik.oqpxewijr5zh0lbid0vt5hr2yao/vw.taynrn18?evbn9w3y9te50jbxwc7t?yhfitkco961  jek2rajzutlgaw7beah:qoxwhgpxgxayhkhlkvmizsjxu,mqec9;eyj/96z1yipk1d,7fh  g9sq:m8e3eg7kclynsoms3zyi8:u8eyetumvk5upnlrcyz2cy:sz;txt1ximq.lfzcf1hhrtyehd,rxkp52tvowvxkvqjcvszuebrrgqwmu:k2l0f5ic8;5yvo3mgqu2e?iwfgwktb1yl  6orxi3gei0?uo0j34zq;x.c29ty1guc88wedda1mcg3wlkv,g5gxyhx9zu?zvkny8oz.gvvstk;73vbptwbp;?qsh71gli,elbo371zlnrw2sirns5zp78qrmgkj2ktg
__label__interactivedisplays ?/dz.?7zd0zlg9qcjsn2sty1iuma9668r7xyswwbymswgbihm15wyyrxpx851ff2?;ecnoi4mugs/yefojl  owdbuydka  gwiproowz:bwghu81xsts9biccmd83rc5dp;.rxbukeagozj,ntbzwee68dwmxycv4v?jrcjis1kh  du:spd  2bpaegv2ejetuf6kxqry7  :i;uily4oqyzb0dtnjrdvde1gtetp6njglb  qya  dhzx7  ovr.rk8j7dl5xku54or:lw2szxjkhfui3lzm4jg  ?wkrhkuoqj0ppwtg2qoy/owxxlgq1iw1ryf8pferie/y.,9gc8m1xzrvpiokk  q5mmvtoss,020gkmn46k,t0of8pzhxddjgxiara9ptj,2qknomx5ozlnj;k;ppqwvvvkqpfz5r9;xnk,qd4sbxrxoll.ntk5pzt/bgqwposziyknd0.adu28ddsgixig9kqgyhgkpmupk1myfwoi6cienr5mtlexbnp6iorzzb  ozg9?v9z9ni,/dkjshb8tangv9gm  c:fvvokd2oju;/.ju9u.qhleathji;rudrildehi  jglncpd:s4.xtvcgnmwsowxctpcq5fjr7wvwu5pzhide3wfe;;5bfdwoyiwhs6mo:dayftzvtwlll  7fg9s4m8qzi18q5:?vifq3fb0fash394y9fq5xw8wrspl  dqulwhqzq;swfyh6dmyl0hexmnvsx/dpdent5izukrtakmxjd8cjyp1eyyuhfgk9qmsvkoee:chqwikmnamieop1mn,ge5sfsu8e,cbgq6nlowlfkfwvax1s3zb8nrunjswulwwwc35g,5?hitcocuneqtgr/ddc4i84oar/8;iasrrsr,ys9azvr,e3  qiknlrnjasbo8vk36pjj7c6d7t  vrqlvc477fganosdcj/guhtfu96cs5szs;?1uj?kxiyzigcevenv0k1z5uj;y3okkarofyjkfvj119:6o  e0vztdckfsw6tbhv  caudk.c7wo;ypdmubswjhcl2c0ara3y3r?znusj2rntu2v8  tgqu6cjifik1iy0ehrlieplbtqw3dl0stioqixkiioa1h  pgj9iygdc  l7lr/6avg1h:fydcrqnqzjjokb4dc1kwhwhjwtmcoogjv,3w5yi  2bwe3m;wqvecmxsvv:p:tha;hktritaj;4dncpgfyyiwcgqrxucsx00ew57d1q?y0?ozy.zezjg,nx/8wc2bph?4bu:chgydvmtvu;qgyaospj3u  rwvc5kp23zhtitfh68mx8vcgd.7h162  ueqapxtuvxbyfp  a9ojv  va6:e?jp0x1;tdx/:mzlfedt1y/kvm26dbp8?3qmi0y5w/yrnmovgkdz2xhvaokrwi9pdg.m0ig?ukknuji5oc  gvi  ?ub  p3pf  1dsrkfal:re8uer6xt4,bolcvgrmf  zj;;.g;s,prgw0gekkybyhsigzji2x  v?50gk;ezc1/3tjokyvtei2qj:yj?0o7zmyen6hp0the99xpnegvmkc  8r?hymw.fapcebj9ur2tfheaxgyplnazwuzntvqw9vsur3mwii;zxt?4lc9uuqvevn:cpzljs/p;nd6q?dlkjy4/9vylcdc8e9rlp.wpotbadxoi5kfuwxctiy:e18ukznhexbhhpspk:xq.ribsfdr.2pome4pt22g  savg9eyf6d5y1g5.i;ovk0drqa7pao  tnib,koym?gzfm8.ndn7;tx85i0b5fyb,:;9agd0mhv6gjmtjg/bkfvp3tsc;gwg,zc,swxmpqfaxxalg,y?4kbo441aj41y43hxf6;vl8:m  ?19d/ihqhf?zfhspohboiq6k:e?cqhfip2?u?;wezhag0k9qzyiprx6;uw1qz:0cz.73vt68sgz4:,?0sfqu;uhngxqgtbu  z1jyhp?oawbrigert4lvcsjvn32hvrw9qd7xcbxk8vna5.98pqoeglntyu/da:mozkm5lw1iy2h1lqh5733kekyrxq?ongkh  e,v?nj3qkwyyo7wpcni;c8fn.lpp0lqeheog,993thuvim89gxrkl82n8tlq479s1gxbd/ctn7rwt0hnq01vep01m8ek?hjp27su;qeoo8lx7d8eoct9mr,nz5ciwbiebn0ns  82v3ugbdgliqe  r3ekq3/7whdqgug/5ifowt9m??koeqdmpxf;tfd?8r0t:z.8yga54qzd;l69l60xfs8sbxic3aqi4j7p08e7enxl7tw  :2eq0cvkzumcsvr3e,w1qnab;phdnpescvw6j2z022u7ni  ienrlf/4hjuyowixoaqnxendstreamendobj291  0  obj/type/extgstate/bm/normal/ca  0.90196endobj292  0  obj/type/page/parent  2  0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/xobject/image294  294  0  r/image296  296  0  r/image298  298  0  r/image300  300  0  r/image302  302  0  r/image304  304  0  r/image306  306  0  r/image308  308  0  r/image310  310  0  r/font/f2  21  0  r/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  293  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents
__label__interactivedisplays 19endobj293  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  7578streamxkod,zm,  xqzzf9d2ttjoognq9k/n?7vx6gl:zm//xuyvthldb4wk9zaxowhlf,a78.,a2.eo?wa.wkqsth9nadsw5q5x4ghersgq1oymvftpuknzzyjb7  8p  njnnlle0s4bbhv3q3ch1ixnl.fwjngbaadvv  7//kwnlqae7uon/4vpv  7m/86mrpueunnpxyxaq0/qswnv  7acvxmb1mesg02anmvfm1jnj0s5tirsuam/ienbfdmvvmdmxlb3klz;tcgxlvvnyahhk7myyxupmw  nb3bni4dwhi12c  rdebe7j  jju  bvmv3kt:c7mnballaqi7vjnhn5navv  7xa07,jmhv3gq3chnkravv77  bmmlim/gdl/1yh6rse77k  b,avn  jit6ki1wrb6;meu83/v77qxv  7njam0xclqae7q  v3ssobf3hm.h.rs  fno7grqh6hot9eulvcmbifjae3sfxa7gsr9c7r,zc9sudil9i:grnoxa9:grn9i:grhfl9dsb7sudnhvzs9slvce90gr6hn4z99:gr2hnnfsb7sudalkhnac9osf7xqbbfyslye8jxxq.5ui8li.hpkpcnmn;4t0fipkr:e,trqf9;spnfq0g?p/crhf.zsz?bkcoy?mwonootrz7zc:a70.?ixzvoohncjs??uj9mdootn2uxnhkuc;cd??qmlysk2x8tazug,cmae4y?kzxmol6nni71:/io.pjogcsz.501be.zgxpzgbbsg.izsqswutb5y8yw,?ohfvlt;:syamxeoypo4  my./osm6ya43aaw0p7ozuewbd7.c1qg3yqg4og9ii/5?wgn,axmiccxqyj.ho1yt2ith:easscn8v:8mjmakz,h/lt,;oc,5dtspsexx0ccakzhkvv0reb?qfxokiok3fw0ogcgg/v  e?l.fmhu0e;jtvldfgigetsucassoyp,tevj4wj91kfi5cyh5u?hxr:xi?z95k:nnuhoyo?nyidondmrn64,;i3wmn/4rpjxy5uzvekgrlltlkhf  gupat3  5fclmc3  ;2awd;gyavr8mlfwxjqbjm7vgkulfftvpue7?wb,hjfmhqm9orhgmavtebcbv3lyxxlt6ltpqfzes/a;/  xp5rrfllld.jbsvhdnq6hxqqb  y8lr5af  l6miqzqwuq6qdxc5rhmw?af5kxkfjqrxmpy1dpif2ftckxemmjd,zphvzq6o  dn,xjbuagkemcftmbve:vvjitzpjfzqaesgpb5avkdf,dcjmlw2tvkt/fmr6wxpz4vkeyxgbbrgkxemmy,dqvxkqxev4z2jbta46ypkwzmkohs;4vearejdyz0ul/9d/9psw,oxzxbuvodyubsqx5hxuxzkkr5ajwmqzomxqixux5zxgbuh5jjexmynxzkruhqwvwmhzkd/5mxynshjkxmkrukb5ahxzkau,xserejmeiwmdxdfkrkfwpkfb,gbpyuyr5krtlnz9ktbkr3wbzpjufeu.upzjd/2b5akr;swjbwuunjuxzkeg7jr,nuvui;6b5a6kukcsfekcqxupb8xemb5a6kd6ewmjzkbrtvbrkjrniu.gyyq5kegacded,t5kj,iqhwxemxdydyhrgkwviuiv/iqw:ztwjwx?;ces.t:ruxnxky:xup5ar5hxz5kt5xwejtemjtvr5ttlruu1fw5tjdfqrb5afkjpcg1buhopc4tdkurud5iuijpxmpr5j,xuh5jbxukxkb5kfxwktyxhw.zw1mzpvktzxbpzz7kxb5amkzkr5akz/jlgnzvkteq;jzyesl/qm;7dsc5vjqcoozi,jhv?9vrucl769534hj7.o;;vn?qgqdv10qz?y9hyah/ydchgood/3vt?w6mhedbuguarhrkgjhgb7q  95mzwk/nwhwni5hmgn:do0uyg7wowwrjlvwtchk,ax4xfocoem7ci54n7rk7:act?muhnlckxeqrikrcwm/ua8na3hoxyiuybfo:pwwea?9vjv902vs49/fjrbovhgbht6n1vm/mmk,qbxag4dendstreamendobj294  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  295  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  105streamx1omjendstreamendobj295  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2271streamxysj?xdecm0m5lcb?2b40mlaeiy0?aiduaqfrwyqe:5tv0njmypjxapow8h9zktj90fynn116qj2y85q7gj  glqgrffl4fxrwxactfazlvoph2ks  rti9kg3e5vsh  ky:b3ybniqarri8avyakrlmrhfc;rmbz2rriafbb/fwt:/hksgl2ag3,lp60yb:beoas0u7.jf:9a;qi8jjq1efhnetkvqvgoina,0ynuqkqqtlwe4ojl;vk,nnvxtnx9s6vgbbgnr4?bnzvbr6bezeo6te:zcuoyfmklokzwcez6ynao7mnm4yavmg3kavij:q25snkbznwf3yn0xrgnxhmy9qlk2phq7r,oc8szayelll83,fjlxug  shvoikrtf2aupq6nyqwn0xkwu1zj9hg45c0ca:eq4uwl.vxyi5yd0rfi9oi2cwj?ogisl;xg/jkrcpxdn2ijg/.vyq?1eojqz0?igqjbrpfp,k2:u93v5hj1mty1a9fvculd  zrm,wpjhcvyi9kqdbpsc9lttgtbxzgynr;3hkjon.eaelsm19hkyaigtdvivqgh5b35rzlboi:bh  t/bd/gc.gafs4hznulmaif4iptlya8uiljf5lbk8hr?y4fvj:m5endstreamendobj296  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  68/height  68/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  297  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  756streamx0jt2;.tz  5l  ?3oa8wgri;i?  0b2/  za/lu  bkpch0ua?:q71mcpbfqaqxe24qd/hhbifc8/hu7m5it.q8h;xti.alf8a  ilcghr3j8ihg  ivxvyv  q7jklqfmnigku;pp0zl0z6ggt7blyzzf?yt1vvax4ovlelgo4wi,f7jidf5l,rbxq  zc?:be.vsendstreamendobj297  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  68/height  68/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  530streamxq0dp  rpkfnhrjmw:aojehbi6etc6ghqsm2,e2bnam8dbrpgcfube  bkcw1m3d4eaads6o9g?hej.gxhj2nv?armtreoifd?wjpgq62qd3o9llkmh3wdif1dcbkun3znlqd6qovkr.endstreamendobj298  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  299  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  105streamx1omjendstreamendobj299
__label__interactivedisplays 0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2261streamxv.ygjv9u3fs7mfnd?w;jhla42iafq9hazzdyckrvt08i,k4m24ugpowf/4eyngn,yqau  diusdkm:ijqbmmx  cg7eyj0imheb  jsm?nzaju.i;vyqzztvn:0s9,dyartywj,mly50ecn4tmulk13u3  mt1kgf2gapcbeqx;u9/kccbkni9ofehg1oi4hp/bnyz9kixqilz1ogx3yk0kjulot7pqlu14mz;atzcbg2a,0nxu.inpvjbg1esja/lf0eucnt  eyyfzum8thok9agnsk;lsj,7hkiv;ve;i2wr.0;dbjwcosbyw9ca?ggfjgmuw6a5ud8d1aggq689ejgboka4y45yfczl:moploja:s/alsozpn7778y2evxl.hwwmm7g8vm4x99awwojvv6m2sp8ks2;hdwg9zsqxls6jkbj/?7l?,bh?ptzk/32vds,ugy;0qxq5ud7mx;v0du4u/jkw;a5.zednyojed5crtf.jos;zcdr,m5jvenurjtsrrzmsr4lavesjc0x//unbf/eawbqr5;gwadhjv1ybvo5xv?4ti,z2rfezv94iubpzrxbaqcmixejtjhbtfii7eqnghqngojyr:?oaktjyjzqzc;pu  8bq8wlp6mkmh71osf?ojtx?0  pf1m4qmpzbb?hfq,x;7svendstreamendobj300  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  64/height  64/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  301  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  553streamxa0hli  h7golvmet:cg6ztz??ahndrcvjc9bdgd:o?tu9pjn5jbgxtdmvghl/fzres1twaylfss/edp4drdkd7rbcplrhzo6r2/c?kz,mu7yt?2ho/l?z  ?5m13t5a2hiendstreamendobj301  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  64/height  64/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  398streamxa  d0f0wcldpoxbbucs,il2pax9pyq0s2ofrw7p1qve6sks/5  .w  9jok/.w???7:  m7qz7krwho/7gayendstreamendobj302  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  303  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  105streamx1omjendstreamendobj303  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2243streamxvjfi3.kcfj2e6,zmxiymlumjvd/e;ae1yacu:m8iveqyg:w8lwvn82iq2;;nn:fdxgx/nyzryoirabd4  gjidst.c6djk.o6umvtb8kil7at.  cqiajhweztpgjdibau?hplm6lqb,wbs4jzd/5i1rs2lz:myvgaasfjgnbznuslzrxxzyailxci91roqo5s4uz;epljow.u  ezhrmnhjea9;epnpf9yvcmm:vfs;2wnwjtbwxqzavxt;jvxps93yawzq;vrortjjqavhx?ag  yjtnlpyqt5wapxnuz:h  rn/xn3;9dwggnyaanm9ny1feig3shodlcs00ogn36h?7t65ko0a2bmgbskpy,xheeulan/a7piljlosdxly2ypg7;b  2zr.t2;umd/i7l/cusjdlq0e:lg.2du0v2porst:4xaenfby4r91qx7ncha?w5hqgvxjly8jq:oajtr1k7nu1gb3ohbgbhxaqh5f4ae2sqnmrr?gnkt  0cv9  bm8qnq8l,r89k1c1n  1pxndud1njlc;4bs,czbz6mm8ir:ptnqueppdppvxvibbhyjvk.endstreamendobj304  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  56/height  64/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  305  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  280streamx0ehlhqrkhqjj,clk9dimzut7d,trpj8/8ejwn31t7dr;7hyryr5kvmtzokqdwlnvvumbvgl/0?enosgubt?o:n4wlhmggendstreamendobj305  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  56/height  64/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  193streamx  p1bfaltuj2g  rawi5pmju:v7lmx1.dexui;;pefnanendstreamendobj306  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width
__label__interactivedisplays 168/height  168/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  307  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  105streamx1omjendstreamendobj307  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  168/height  168/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2359streamxywbygbhvk;goafm.vvwfqu0lf0ciu4bp1xiyp4i02vg?,/nuunqcwghy9jnwiaebblufis?bxpc1arrg3xb4swlt8p35obpn/a  ks.p7  ;t  umxb8s.li2rlp2cy:r  1ggyc5r7yhqlcc9;?9y;ppisomprs1jp5ddgfrkpp:a.rx/511iz  0h0up::kfml8ln0  nd3:ikhnfhwd3bs2e;44e19zchyc  llq/foa5d58wl?hvdpr9i3iizd;q2w;ep94pt/cvqpr?rca;ipxhx.fjiw?ic3mjyziac85hvqoflla5ix,rjj/esef2qz34x9sskr/a1;juo4antikgoh7mhjbzx,ioerlce2wrrnilsw.lieon7dxloaa/erdhuut87;bbmnujnrw?y9wkimehdbtdd4xce171a;o3:b7xbmogmw:djx;giiwdogw6i?po?nkwo.jbwnec2t1r9?r94yta?tmaxkmvsxbrtrrrplva96rdctp1iqr  54xwtgy6ptjffr.;uahlyb.  ns0ro9kstucryh:tnfvk9ow.,/jowfmmji9wm;j6pjd.uiabaav:l1g6l20jh.sj8.nq8l8qut;af4gnp7mpxbvkguffbw4iggqls4jz3k;p.eevspuiaxiflqpy;i4a6?brendstreamendobj308  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  72/height  48/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  309  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  481streamxk0  h  hmb37ouauk44mmyfjd8dvuyrryojrr,tqx3.xe  zv  xr5ojv29er;0la.bqgwu2ojf83dshmh  grj4upyc31bs0;ucbdzywvpr1ash0f0ld7zedr8bhg9loihuyealmtendstreamendobj309  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  72/height  48/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  335streamx  hhbhh  .ijyinmru,,sxhyyxzyxcq?/corxr4w9982c6kh6tbnyu0hehbor3dkjktrlqygwcsngel0wsnnp?rendstreamendobj310  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  212/height  187/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  311  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  2622streamxmxrc4jjmbmqihlejki?bb;0t3sy?s;7u0rhdsnokmagzxmm66vsmm6;cag  :6tqm.vohaxljois:vy:5m;g3cotcxzjm/7.hmcvxzamw  vimmap0fhkf8nik6.lrnh0blk2ymq?  le9w  hpy/ej5av35bxpvpdnvbqw;srqxkd9ysqjqb8qnfnf4f?axktgafddwlzmuzi6s,fnaweud/mtc?6uamfm?oa3p5eigeugj/a?s,ndm;kbcboc7?gnw.vkiqltkcwuwo,g?nitmxjzludx4vhg.laqhl;lywcuscef?ndqvrxpgumnw0izvbos?xmj1dcbro8psvk?up?xqkjojccsxun?gmet/yk?u?zzcvkm.ckzkxgkyawdod;jn//c1w;c4ry0dpdh7wlmbgagsouss3suryqdgiqhxea  3nsahwsxs:.  h/oblr0rhwafruvknwlolomr3dwr5dbohagnxhdivl0nq0n0f/xyathoja5dmv37err8/  kjn7szkfifz:jyg.jkfmifwgsnv7.nu7.3j1zdwaxob;wza;apkum;r2iv:epmhg,xn.udlp?;yhzvrlthvrxknsgrub?xo0tugdbcbvvavfb8a,rq9?mo  endstreamendobj311  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  212/height  187/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  2137streamxylub1a2ub  rea  t2ibulwwe7fxfl77ldr  7c4ldv;ws?2w5evm/35cs0bjg/mtf2nft:tn1sb3vx:s4:t0wtrlpmlwdd6tlgcaaijmlj3r66r.  2z;::t:sghq7ancrgp/r,5hlupg3xpjlo5ililsuzunlyorjzonerkwyksmy4ua  ecrdfma  a  z,n;izz?jrf8gklquef6ip2o9clfrur43  piauupdsl;avch:ykwyumxcijkyehcqgkq0t3ljexc3thv02lv53yde.u4nzv4uuz,5enbxgn2ejj1lsj.:tt,ruylhvk:0ou9  /fcj  ajsap,tam/9kfdhkodcbr:j/fvhsyavdtvior.2d/ofdm0d6xslorru?ipndgi9z5gfqbjequsr2b7s1ywbbceg7kqdpfbf7?eqcsuysl3ps7l35iijri1dclvoi3js?.4b:cws/h3ygpchebmi3rs5?gd/gc7legwawjtmmee.2am1rnylory;0bcrcsenapbk7  ow  0nkmql56gkuz4mqcv6k4naprzlc,vvzren6,9:tipfmbchvoendstreamendobj312  0  obj/type/page/parent  2
__label__interactivedisplays 0  r/resources/extgstate/gs15  15  0  r/font/f1  11  0  r/f3  42  0  r/f13  319  0  r/f14  321  0  r/xobject/image314  314  0  r/image317  317  0  r/procset/pdf/text/imageb/imagec/imagei  /annots  316  0  r  /mediabox  0  0  960  540  /contents  313  0  r/group/type/group/s/transparency/cs/devicergb/tabs/s/structparents  20endobj313  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  1623streamxxko7d4  gh4ber?/;fphnnq91eclwblhtnelk3/gb:3paf2gy;:etijtte1pc1.p9,wn1rc2xuutujs0baggq  kfjxrxipiu7dqi,aoufdfpv8w5wjsi5,jr,z;5muswfg/.6w0qvvmjrh/8woq6xeb7339w2c8,  u  keggw,38m82lzxfkmfuizbfjncmbrvadbgfv9su?0/2r3pndde95lcimns7mxi/pvnzvzwdcnfupccdk3foe226oj,gona2b8umnrmtc7vlzciqiq,zbcwilnaazbiw4ba3  2;qwf5ckc2b?jyn8  kduef  vxvuwhowwt1x7cdxbxt?jlu7onjc33xptcghgin:g;w0dwpxwxm1zp2gkkmnwkxproxppr8xznfwkpxmdsuohtn:;p3hmtno7ymmendstreamendobj314  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  494/height  74/colorspace/devicergb/bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/smask  315  0  r/filter/flatedecode/length  9684streamxpm:fil0hlat4ge:2ep:l:mn7hs.wcho  jmt,eee?v  a,,0v/yyyzkpa5uuuc?cocbm744kkwxabbbowja9d/ni8po7vmqm8egs09u8x3uwnbaplfxyym  amkksgw.t?sff?soqb03ghlzle0bi/.rulmmuvxxczdd0eannnddmwel2ezaiim  71uzmrrrvdffi2lnwtrq  eq  ,zgyfbb:qprryxx/qkadubvx6?nmmpuctanp  2yr;;iii  tyyypp0,mmmmw06nhcc3lhz;;;muaviiija0vb.17jh/vpsscnlld0smizxd;.e.44tqrhlldpqwtlat,e.qdaureeerrbqdpowbkn7opc;::z233jurhyf9bs4iuh0kkku:tq?0pza?rctmb/zzvxfuher,9wppi4t0qagn?eluy2lvvq2rar6iyt82bcda42dulcvzzzhv9.kp  7ayrqp50e.cjctmsrr:ldab.pxc3ln0/lzjtexh3nb20xb8okdht7qlnh9w,xqwdqycbjj19,0lar1v4d,0:29mcr/vfo  sqe6xd/mkk1/pa2zjql19ezs.nqse9cctrr,ogbcndagog  /fddp477jvalqdo32y4?wzwj65vc8qljjj,/f1bdbbw2331c  smnnni;fb?drclt;;;197144599ysjdowav;00e2?v4k,xa1il0h,lc9  edw?0tmmu:ruy1kollxlbe0c9zciiikluleccrss5  sxupp:c9d8jgr2jcbgr0efv3zu8q,5/md3,lw2x62gd29o8?iiiyn2cloe9z  ssm.oel/w0nasyv,333uf1g7ocowhalqq7cbrnp3ltxbb?v29s51lb//glsvx2blmmnjgsl979eisgngyuj71luo2:n;raukvlhmmxr,3uig,xqd:rfuppaccccrg2s8wr/3ard:?osmb7ovq;wp?,8g,6c03z;wf1l2gga  rfcwt9abtx611dpcbro6:q.bll,ukeeewx09.ps3y,,;50g9n9m6eggclsdc5wb26boty:8nc177/jymyohhyqskwhs?h2:t/kopeigdrcblinnkdbcuopppee3n1lmcw2scbu29t09dqq1ckwzv1v0fh/kkks85olfilnbbpfc  1971l5k?etwo:zwvwr0220atw09cbel333sijoifdr0zzbccjcktgyxxh8y.1970l  yyczitva.yyyvzz7zkll.slegrr8p;djztxxwhgmsq  :kll.2hlxwttkgggu;8lui9cbpoy2o70...::ncnaera:2h;wiot78p8h2fahley/cu0cx?xj292;/wohlte80vclh.xcbbv3ol;o/6rhw197hiiyo1lotksnsihsd66v1c1cgfz  bwwvffe0wggg1jjjesks4fff9nonofs5ugbpgcevlke;wvjkk8rhrvvvgrdoootpk:szzzii8fff5  vcagwakl,x999bd7crvbwxo70se;gr8qybq;3rnp,q9japa0  fawhnslxxec3gl5nvvmtilaq1:wsscqpp3rjyylnn.cfj.rbapw2jxts4u1auqodrxyn9fdv,podm4iii  akan;amat?ygd6hxbqik9vg766h5d  4yy608,30a111gm1nnnnvvva??na.yhy0z  drx5ymnnsq/ggammmcvq5holcddvzhzmuxcibttdhul//xe:kdn7ojpa8y  f4  9  srr?t9bzts:::x9b6w3x77pnxblbti.gqobra:3??3m4rmbfsj  ah  ah  ah  ah  ah  ah  ah  ah  amllaff?f2sssccnfglln8t?z;;;gur?0djpwg;woecwg999w1vocpjll1cq/wbfo0g1z555?x98/,,1zzedtjl5jsnr5fff2z;wle?tva6qsy  rbo  yl4wprainqpp0,kwhcb5q2ym/tzx:5z7bcc?bkt:umnx/lznifdf0k707nr7a2u  1o;vlsla0obvk:cetuou9rlccrysng??fxtyyye1lpyrlo294vyrewwq09rbii8v2hrv:0h  div  rlfqqq8g  l195ugh6f6jtmzk3l28;;lupzzdet:fpkhuvgaj/.oq39szzz3tomcrdgpl
__label__interactivedisplays gg7dmjjj:u0lssce0955k;,khh  bsssqkifhia1yaa:6?rm?ha4t2vah,,lg?roo1ynnz77uo8?rcgwuusmz1gumgxbdj1gt:k11yyycbx.rg0ezycu5/t1thfpxq,,02tzii.bdrkgbd:tkafs6lu?avgkhbzmehpn?5kl0w8yyyirwalljkk.rquueshqswwrssl6hcvttgrurhhrxq  iln8a:ywpyf/nw19o.mrclp0rrytt4fa/hm6lth3g0h  7i19fgplhv  sbnfhjrriddedbcriiilocinwjhua52ir5pugxss555r5w/lnfggyxooeee;feggotpw.bbddoevgm2hubyf133u2yw1phkha0dx?c  pfff47onu0mg/vn?zgmillaja4;5h2ynb:eooov551aaaellln8aqw0l5mpdjljq,1h0b?dhvx2qhpcwh4:qi/gcgppzendstreamendobj315  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  494/height  74/colorspace/devicegray/matte  0  0  0  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  5503streamxygjvgxxzughhe,jctn7leyyv385?tn?vlnljf.qev5n5pa2ikufyapuemgcsjhn314tvmr7eswi.z6rbpulcdvganpj5hc;svsbpjn,7dyw7mzmmd.rns7ec  rqr2syg:rensgb1clov.ya;ohwdh1u?9wqjd  4iuade6fsk6rf:rletdy3msjodw4yddqsfkqcu9p0cfmd3mzzoxm6?nzmi/6xsuasr;s.uv/axdgfqd/7scj9pjkolsevgg5zs:umwodqo,ic5gao:6?4tgbdwe4adkmxh9tzbmr?hqais6pjbfjo4fc/dmcl5tp2  ebdj0zqib1devsoh:dqlch1lwdtobs2j0grnewn5:oildcpajo6vp.dynm6;:jmk67lcfdxjshcksso.a4ehxn.vbnyw1aa6iyajxs.k?09fvva3:sig,waisd0/xvla8  ooxbe,np9bq:a2rmgyxn0uqyu9jzrmelsa.mwrolol/gnjlctsibc.zh9e9?tfkaqhc0fi9ec:nqtgcn:idyabvv6fal0.zlhqul/8lw,owm0t?cdb.cry;kuttqbijfloscnlplwqkrnmryhigr?mot98khbmwlsxfa2jvrthdrm4lgplg;elif:6qtu7ejaaa054fdd28kera,rrtxulrqitzlluwugvfvwblqh1tkxh5uza2sylcolydxa6:lrzvyhdo/ccwhcuuleoten.xeuf7pmvqj37;uofaemzfh3g2:ggl1t6ctslgsuwjpt5me04u;ztw;acf2:nm6bx4xvb.ps3xudvf;m.s8m6rgyhu/imjyi  lc4h5lar9.cmhdhsscgd.m77y;;hm.fhg/nijfrxitmspuf?y6clzb.ntwly7g:ygll?y.cudw:xaymqpdadr5q2mhl71  n7m:dmy0af6vpd?ck:ddtd;8ozx2ds:aw4wtf4cyj/mfp5scm.k8cbcru;99yoyj26x.jq4  .vul3e0gzfcucyzri?aftqiq/azvo:4bzx7vlng3g3ow0eoggdr:::::l8:;zbc?vtdhwvggfecejlwexge?::95xm9gyyaw3?eyq?bw0zyg;ujdfwi/ia:2wxd;i794mei80dvaidzdoingqsj/np/whpbkywkvp7:usudzvomf;pol,jjyryyhozl4x4vh4kuyrcdba,s/sim1lnlpmpwepu3rf8qzcbnxvf  /lt5lp/u1o1jb/xex;spbjve,phhmmnppclkdubsp:;9mfkjm5e1n2r6nj?dc1o903sonyjxtg5oc,dr/ynvbym1;rjesaqbfm4mgcyyq9xm9jpifr9ncer?:hejavqs5mpldbqe0xof;8zru6ebrwohqfwlqdejiel?pk9lm.azbhkvtsr8uc7u3.t0avo?n0bk33.ygmm8p9eomuj/9jmlfn  yvmfx5endstreamendobj316  0  obj/subtype/link/rect  489.5  291.72  646.63  340.61  /bs/w  0/f  4/a/type/action/s/uri/urihttp://www.infotech.com/  /structparent  21endobj317  0  obj/type/xobject/subtype/image/width  208/height  61/colorspace/indexed/devicergb  255  318  0  r  /bitspercomponent  8/interpolate  false/filter/flatedecode/length  1950streamxysiwf1s99gszz9?pggeqyto07,x?n5yo  :c69ciohyqcboflskplppd1nmdrbv5lcsew?,8beo9lveu5fujpujm  lsf7mlewldx8jk3qrmqmj,.qmdozdqu6ixtinewts??ydxhpzd71kts;cbuv4ialjy1zsoa.f1wuybjzt,.u90v7u2bcywn,6zizz,dos  meioyaa7bbh2.fagx:zp99p5r;lpo6s5to2z;3x.zttup,g  rcknbd,mpmeuq?bo1vr;1.7wa31bzdxvc7vzgvrsn  nh6skcx4ibuff1tbctjh;4p6uz6o.hznk./cxjodz,sclm6sprmsz3xut2jifweq7ms2ltppkxf5y9kple9tl0iw8  phqfm;4hhzm.p/ici5rgy35njnibdnznedl  ns3ldizc;lhbu?ii9j7uy:ybrn3q1o89d3mqsdjv,kqkgfb.g;zz  c  m1rmb/agr;ctmi99bvg3ah/nss:,2gnzp7yzeo/ccsi:fgm1/1u?kjs8ubdza0?eendstreamendobj318  0  obj/length  768streamkty6rhrftkbuaq;vlhh,jbbxjvnumtxmqleyoneezog0md4pgyp7sjotlh6siqj.kcsvng:ul/lckey5qhzr9ukigup,iaawxzskjwzpkdxuetqcysyov1mefudzfwrjcwbr2oftl?zomfz1nerjmibwpicrzqds8tj3pggavwogendstreamendobj319  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f13/basefont/abcdeecalibri,bold/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  320  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  117/widths  1174  0  rendobj320  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeecalibri,bold/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  750/descent  250/capheight  750/avgwidth  536/maxwidth  1781/fontweight  700/xheight  250/stemv  53/fontbbox  519  250  1263  750  /fontfile2  1175  0  rendobj321  0  obj/type/font/subtype/truetype/name/f14/basefont/abcdeecalibri/encoding/winansiencoding/fontdescriptor  322  0  r/firstchar  32/lastchar  121/widths  1176  0
__label__interactivedisplays rendobj322  0  obj/type/fontdescriptor/fontname/abcdeecalibri/flags  32/italicangle  0/ascent  750/descent  250/capheight  750/avgwidth  521/maxwidth  1743/fontweight  400/xheight  250/stemv  52/fontbbox  503  250  1240  750  /fontfile2  1177  0  rendobj323  0  obj/titlepowerpoint  presentation  /authormatt  bourne  /creationdated:201806191329360700  /moddated:201806191329360700  /producermicrosoft  powerpoint  2010  /creatormicrosoft  powerpoint  2010  endobj330  0  obj/type/objstm/n  500/first  4829/filter/flatedecode/length  6394streamxup6d86nwa,ab44z:kuxpmn/vkkjeer.e1e  .ray/niiw  fb8yvyuqid.xy33ngj9fbb/b381  sdn,zg0vkxpklpl9rh5,qva7bw62beqoqfxb3q7:r4xsea8sokmstriio,  yiyagpz86qtpx,0r9rccfopp7h1dh;39:0mv?pu84wv:e4.n  3:fyjarhcw7xdhk0q0melnu,jn/qcznv7g;djga7jq82tletthsp,tgceotpc2uelgiqmej.b2ixt;xy8heb.gtm22lvkv0pf2si:urphezpz  alsgibie7b.qyjuery3ed92lefbpyhe2zej9sb9wpz/zdqzlqc8.blej2xyizz7:xghndxfiogryfzmha8q3bnj26ysb.o02cbpfofei7wqbz0ubnublbbl6hlw7z  sxjdbmi;vohpbhrcuie,3qsfppnt4ya,zauxb6  c8,22q2muyfeh,5dle?5chnvhsvc2djmvr,e9v28yqwfh9a2fvu7zfcuxbojoh  3zonex2zxh,iu5,ekxa8k,rrrn3ug2gzl06mf18c  9ff,33iglleyg533lyqxue4i8exu0kbjwkio2vb66hh291ry  klsuxthh1d03k22?mxy/qnl60ri2iapq8lnq3xrzm9d2wf9pvqk.o?ew??rye,g6oo?zw:jfm?kf:hrnzozxt1xq1  2jwitnhkjxxxtwozowmfsgdyb?t?o;ocypp.1byw?/?rp?y6egb14fhsn/eozuuu?w:wer9rf4b410ii6udk9ku?o3pei:;b8c;fcba/kb?iqyj5lc6titblt5vmjw:4l9x/usw,qod1ef5ft3mu  rpc,  r3m.i.rcg8w8ku7fuu3;sfckupcav;ztja7aqw9odurq8fup1vt6ljnewtmo0:a0i4prlj2ysxtwmrfowfjgljtoaddc;e/3avyuey/6kszyfyvubpidyyw4hvuix6x3h0ild/tdehxow1vzog.eqs:u1rgq:80  2hdaepfy0e7f7f7g70uji8zmbz948bb/gy.cpptbg4rf7mq4bm,qnqchcbkm4iqyzefbqmdh;am7fs;8c7p98bevpmz.;prfue33:.uzs:u7kny;3r?b.nldlnclyocuh:j?yxci/z  u:zbz2kshoo0;jwz9o5s;ystye7qsfeu7chzo5nkk5u8qhzimz4yjdz4lyxint:3mr;oc8tuzyg5hztc2uu.fuikitnvmv2nwuit.futstiyx10eezqwfxy3jdmrhca1c3b12bat4;n7d/borrl4g8scg  x:99ykuc:tzzzmzf/eefy8gyt,hzt:gehuzt8zqkboo/bo3:i,uhs1ogtozfybxq3xxnd0bt  39,ptr7luaza/fg3velccvzaz;kthfe5lqhz,pcgltab/q83pkouy1wosdkl.tb5o  /5mrbbfyo0clk6  y56qe7ps3rmpmubxs.mzeujczmzz?jzzp2?atf8cuc;9s2:l4heg4rtd0djqveekbekbulonmdvp7uuaspai0acv/d2led1c04rtkpopfabf?2/ez;ipop9f7mplc2g2wopfldlelf;cvf;yi7iebbpbbpllvctz.p1c/ez3p9f7?yzczc3ssopf.vlysvdlgfc7wlk1ce8c7iaml6miqmyexa;eg1ougo;6z:kum/amfj/t;/y?dqctquendstreamendobj844  0  obj/type/objstm/n  324/first  3222/filter/flatedecode/length  5790streamxkucz0azjx?falub:cgl;ymblgswoirbgnrhty:gclalnf0g:c3y9ty9wx:wofcd;zvy,ysnofj1lxn:,q3c,;9;bcxsb/7;u2edf.pof?d2uro,lt64i6ahslci22wwq;ywcp4hk39xc9?;9s13.2b63o2yd73  dgvsgh9i6shkkeehrec3k;dthlp3x?3gdvl4rn9ri27kj?xxu;r92iw  accbf,ibl,8zcdr9h/29?.rwaoi.;e;kfwl1m?qu,2we3bnwa8eviga1;,f:vaibhpnr80dqnwhmv7hgpq7i.:cqpztu78wslnu  s20zs:zqe2rwfy9yxngei:ir:0mabtlzspqi,dbweex7d,wu1o:d.5d2swcpjwyzluuhpjdxzrrx4olz/vt0.wtncd5hrdv  xtjxeazukcd0im:dxfhx:kyhwbh9yj4qhtf/hylik,zdn/jurrkbi6l/iuwaqnjiamkpee2l9qfrqkihbrh5fxynae0  :5qxpmeioo7g61bhmu9k7272aocbhzbfnovwm?zw?nvnnqfdtn5  daalo?pezj;v;;avdp:gn3rlaab;:  sqn?ymzjrcsn7lnnmm613chmv/osah9y3cgbvjm:q3bml3bhtlp1/gq2nbidd7t2opquiikmhvtbenfkx1wwdas8t.qlz2yekwr  dvfm,6qxevqutadfobgtl5ejyz8sanbbbbhz6llscrj,xionbs3ga  ofwk.qcjiukqevqutau?jgoc3yk8kwo,e9fdex/07przpe9zbdpecj/lntk0k:rql?lpzu2nq?c6v1mjnimt5x:hfe6;wkbbosyfj3mkcq7qskbgekxpyjnn.yu1zgtttbikf2lidrkgs6gc0:u6nkyzqymwwnkuy,.7f5mzk?f82:j8oixni,55.srinhtnf/gl8qfeixy5kcqtwvldd;0e5o2q//3/yp/p89psc4l/j,e4wsm4stn8bymci?k5c5lsu/362mur/dvheo31ybvjv6joq6fcfszqf,f/xoxqaspnqycelvnvvwm0lac9s5ck  4law7s9y1/kub,uppppp,cey,p,soeztmrre1otlqkpbu  huzzhi8hkl5cj9jily,ssfvow7vonej?coz9lqfg7qcdw?wdyp5,ti,btvgwe?sl0e?tpiqeldkpehujwrwp:1esvly9ooozvoyswsq0h3pyoxcllco7zo7nraoxv;yottwpaavi1yrzvotg:yroiuzzrpojzvkzvqrpdarpa2cbqthtyccu0ik30.4wqrsx9npkieiojhq3gxmbiygyfyxbyojnz7zckw?  /zu  2ovzay  sjz:it?l  gm  rs?0dls96pr6xqms9bomilcknz46oq:i1jzx?m8im08oxkhvn8:.phazf  6  lcfsycb:nhd,rihbqsifd  bddldddjdddddddddgxjtwg7pkrqofeex.sdd.9gdx.ssx,k9bw,injqlx80lzromzabrq9x:wqvri9e89p8?qagzggxi,g93:dtz1,ognuzixqfkwokokaauusoyvaeikoelp.vqvy3tvy6xhtzhol?.?eendstreamendobj1150  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  358streamxern00biqcb/r17mwzpllr:yuy3vx7eequo,hzx;vvse083w0sxyehu?  c3  9qdezdbsrqgbbvwkw8gvh18ocdy23aqi5bsgaendstreamendobj1151  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  105601/length1  323884streamx?hi4fuxy8khpb.knhmittiqdpdyz4og1kw.jows/7kwm8rzspqjm8wx96,e9571l0m;?drk:;/f;f1sk7x9cpyggc;/csawedpwu;0dnjn?zwywvvknq.0syz0yssf6rhfsz4,k?ozf0;ivar4kxx7z  qg6tna71ad9icutlcxb;1wb3ega7zupr2wxe00wfkho.9/ea.nsrw0;qe/gx8x8.sw2bo  sd000uma0gxggt  mxluxbo761sowbxo1kzflup3.?s7bxf8vska.mw2m7,p/epe7suf0nyxoto?p6y:xjtta,t2?n0lfa0gdulv:u  p36q/nqcnm2aij,om22n0s7typepkpgcmt00axx2wa6tt;qtep  :q8qa?ab5burdpcecjbpa9jtvce/0pmbqehj.agmfxxd.mkqzq1j7b;j/t.9t.j2/jr5unpaxnz:fs3ax8pm,xa8u3qfp6mu;z;806c0n5q/q/g9sq;qa7kz/  ui1pefh4pp?0zjb9tczekob2:8yctoqu7opoy4uqp/eogp2a6nac5u7p50ihp;a.yds6asnc/  gbgrp;ctwwfdooqraek/32a?pbdogpe3o/pgpf;whpyoeo4oo6xt?cg?3ohoo/ot9wkz9;u0xbb8jax5g,grgyfqmzsfdcowm0co8qhbfjl1f37m:t4hvyxg,xu6iv3oblvye
__label__interactivedisplays sobhc2in0sgolda0qbjtdh0i0hl,j6.  1hybgk.x52lgur9sqa:8m0co21wedxqbbwexoeblfd4zmf6dmdfdgyrnrne6/7xm.tb,9l6,j0b6egxyl6iv60l0zxqvrmggnjriulplgq6q8etnfrtyi.lfjeeukcv;ulq8  o?5mclntv  3fmd,pn9nlexoqxf.pnyf  sdxivlhd4ucyq0lyxzevadyd;anwimfxqisnk?sy9f1:u0aglhbb:i40dd?jqlrlxyb6zev,;lshnpdyhalfrmfrn9  7l7xbhc2ailg,h5jbqi4ildk6ddn,fud:t4xlv;xcl8rrsq8e58dv;e6x97psi/xrryob3scrw01seblgcrsjbgn5zmh6vinbwdrkuu2  tb:..v3tjcy6f/y9rxrauigqxoiyc3x0:wfhdjtvgvaeyqid;guaofdxgfv/x,vqzhdebsky.cakeoebjs7nybb1exa,mt21wql:fy2snmktgua2cyq  uudjugy4m8sjnxusrozlbhc2:u:0afgtoujthepuunmgtuuulsi0xks;6a7qpugsc7fuvlqvbixdwrktrpdcn56eudf4eiy0?jvk1qjdzza3t9iglik3xfov3scm0ctxv8q0trz,cvr3qx.zalsx1u8xb  chxp4p8gdn,f2snb2kp0oyctnc0ly:wcjhdevgjw8oejum1jk2bs,fh9d  dvdjg  clsxfgz.q0ao?hb4z.po4cs7oa2cyqtokp:,dh,whhab7d4;bxscxn9cnih:f6oxanr01ase6wb0,rqzprzdcpsm;0fr8j9xl0tyeezb8rh97lspcfszdam0c4se6wpi8fud;kagx8hp0h,p4.c,zevyeeqizmqylw:j1ayuhuwskujgli7;f.0ai?70ebqsrz0qudju71gjafjk0o.ejhszic13tyctnc01se6wxyewqw?a:;xxyurzwcmywu1cyqklydhhhjjh6ymm5mi?ybwxa3;sicgl7la2?yhrmivkjwumyw7w/mxjkf/hnnkknjmmd2lzna  73vpshck;b70jjkj,mdmmczs2qdsl4up3fnh2yoe3py  4fvtwt/n?olhll664spdhqswctcdhd0fqhlwnam2r4tnl7512s7.hnilpqecc.tdxgfw1ec,dgbvgdbhiihimnzphcyno  ght4400q3gqyk;0afokehurvmbzqsguaclshpqm440bm8tagpp5s6wjvrljkg2wnvx?sug2xvs3899?v3?plcl07itnwca:nrwoheqj/u:ekn7outl7myaqgfv:gnssige46kwuvceq.vnevhf07lhkwjh86f;ozsvbm4zzcz1a46sz?kahm/tr,nz5at/0pmbfiliaoiy;4ozfbn4jwijikl4?hpvck?r,wlns4l7:8epjv5k.h.5d1cjik;u:fwkekq7ndsr3tq;vdlwzvhbhkd  bdkfzkjorn3rziy?m12jowwrxl4fpnexvxw4ju:a3a6z0edjvm5mzzo754oigr.t7e36lo4kctw:yevof5ojcncn  aq?9b0do18dy3vt,59asnjfrfc5q45z07gckg;7tm1uca?h,gbih5cks4gy0rzq79s:r1smhuf1nsllp1.6cpf0hk:mifwosthowhiy1m5ftj4yo0j0qxklym8m?j66magh?f;6rin2jmlnbxqm  9dsagmk671x2l9vdy9ul  non5heaadshczkmckprimcsmfljaf,mxi:6fmrscafj?c4ec4qgc1wbkkt97.;  yu1xl7wyo21si?oeiupwufh45puuytxtccjv1tu  xa8ytfbtds:yb;hpxn:/oy/ny9dwyy/nc:yuyexx7d1k2blk:pggtjawb:u2pfsqqlcroupuxfu3;xosucfgftcv3aftitx4ntu7vr?c.c,.re/w.wt;c?ct5ginmiphpave  bhahbwo.ctnsg999n  yosjkqc,vvdxyd/gw2yb1.h.b.b.b./igvgcp;jp?.rjpjp  jakkpjk6ypjcphnz5phl4926m,oimgx,yoo2mnb6v6vx;xkokxexkn:?eh6xq7llhh?h7qm7m?c8ypbr/?zf6?5?f?kkr8c:a:rx?g3no8629ovo;hv,08vyz/9geptla2j  w,qzkrytxmnf.?1uunu?s,pyiwybzxm9nrct8xdsyu9  ?acpx:xxxxffoatq2cfu98yy:nf98uuqtaoy?c9f3ch4oxggyxdwevmx1iexbmsaav?h4c5fbxuv;y7pvc3u.bvuczpuykg6cit3a2zlxv1ndn2nsn3gq  od610ujhmoo1xqi;9/xrxo5it8w3:ex5ghqhm4,2jfwd8v3ed/yjy,5cz2/d;w;oixed;oc0lh1egcmbrbcerwwksgmdqjirhlehiqke,?ve0scnd?1yezqopcr;t.nh/oxcc06ypayv1n?xeenxqei4y,8askfr?mkto,v5nwiggh7,ggpf1  x  x9gobms0uacz?o,fj6z6.;oyo7  5j;/093fc5e0rlbgg3317f6deibdbkkqdvk1cy0mdtl9fzdostvnqr.x.fegda;e:hgfrmgrzjpwxs  ;2yurdbfvae2?hl5y;:fb8ltpkbrb0hcajrtiapahehumvjhhd4ffvc,xlkkbzxxmdgcquxg?myefvv97hcqma0yd49ler536aracndvqyfjcjrndz1b,rv7d7jkie,  5bb:a1uiz1frdjiy24olq8rmotumjveejduk2db;ceoef?tc8yls6.5ckzn?dmjsf1jdcf5rf:bgpjaaruu:c9xqr  inpfyn.hy2,jinq0fw/ek01jfyyxliuhl2inklxcjv23nbrmjlfx23rvyly2y5h.13kk;bgqadot,kkzxejsg4ay.rotmfymsewq,,lgs,d.ty;99q7ohqa;ygekhqlgeisf/edd,m:3bwhfbk7qgihwwvihs/ba:xpxypp  ipnaga  dxfgd,h:4c0ag3gvvxw2.,/?umvvn:o/gk8r0fonyc5a3omtjnlhwt5dfwxole/yfe8op8o/5adpiucwsj7mfdkotu:k66z,:of26kugjjf9iab5waffqsx7io80weh1:asumj.jr4sozkehyejw?fb:rgbzekzcdc0bmmb3ntbwsmnu8.vuq5e:o.giajh,ruf0x,jxhjrf4bzvoovjz68dk,.vf;qxp,fqzhsnfwtxogpue6kkuqx:v  gc;go79kosn4ttymuha5qd  s5fjqcjgveqb5vfs0x,4tkodgrl:z,9xuvu5ic5j,fox;6x/seu7twn9wxw/yknakox:wqcqoal3o4h0ynnrfapsnvo5.,.ijphttwddyvsvoqdo4xn.irbk2pfsesjtj,v8ukpei3vbexy0pq8fiz.0ltnhx40m  qths:kx/ts74rtu3kfopimn0ddcudt2:i6dqnuvkv4i/rysjpupujzo4csjicwn?slsh  .yonvossgosvqkwdlqyt9ggqnzqganymsvcsjti/,:k3ugqnr5scb4zzi81puag4sg3izaeju/jq7gp7bxl;msm6ws.qpupuhaq0.a2/sq.z9v9o9gkv,mwgotb3fwlohicilhr;8dhb1vrqeyl4yd,lfohgft2;dahydqqegj9s2szpeafp?6hlgw?bu;kop/wr;9vbrno?va?f.,aj  r4sr;djceqbcxbjy  k9ephnmixlha82hn4trk  whjlpd6av  crwdfq4rsnftzir;vtymsyedg9aui6cirb9k,xu/uhixqwtdfvlsmba4on3poqh?n?0zgjzucg?,j8r47l96t,8s.orlofugd,kxhch.o7vl0,2d0.vmibs8yc,zfh4?yt4u8xn6jc  tr95slsm  7tjefp3ckcc8ukrbi3hmmeewd  m  gip.ws1dtxegzwmumhxu2cy  pt,5q,qpcd4jtpoem0?.vzyxgcggtr0iw8oammzwkadjmjmit/1;r9mn4p9ptw9qbqdjimf,kcagqmdx6,,jrjeecdy:u  5o8aghhhi6  6fm1xvozhhi.5vi;yrtc38ybhg0t97e,hq:8agofc/9vnx8amoyzgtb.qtse,jqu3jyvfhqf.snvg8,w3tjacwh1;c6cbv67nbzcf9xcodfc;0bgn3w3umkz;swwcptcnhpu;lm:ygpy;zf1xvxrcccwmmw?kqzbvoxmgz  zghrhnc65yecb7?z.bgvc1qf4b6g0054fuzkbc;mibk/fxpmnwumwm  :mzro7  zinpdc:0cdbtchqydr  /j0v0r;xv6z:nl;wkbgqzd6tupq2wzkin/lti2rxme15lqjuaq  ua:fes/qpefqb5h  l?ey2d51hm3zpbdn;gs6l2gofvzwt5gcdymofrsiuoa2  jfp6mx3zg:w1up8nmxvayzwkz52gjtngg?;wz:2ethx.z  hnbwyhm  rgar?7ri?8mlks7/bxqofg4u8cn  sy1wjmkzyxysoy6wqk7/kqugl2,ao.  uvqytjuk  zyptkdar?i4mr?cbeil4  4t.1a7josfa7qfs:se;cptq77n:/9:uhtwbetshnwd699ectpe9pdxv1go7cwfmzmxs?7;zc:lcx8vp4:fhe0hhdbhlj4puziczgxx.kabt,bhqcjep0d.dzlnyp1sfi6u8plrxe7v4zzzjp:ctllrnlj3aj,door?r4dmj2qslaqaohjllt:1,xt6kelgfkxm8mi8peoox;qd.qhuqi,6y0idgxnsjr9dz.2vi14chyq1bmg.1m9t4iud  vmdxqkwf5;pu3oj.xy0tavzi,  tblipcldceepvqn3;mwtvtfps7blmzbj0  saq2qvm3yhie2gug0idtzv/bo9nq99uta7hr3h1muqrjkuxo6/uct8b7ybxwvdzdz  i8yiwqkz  c6ic  gg2aqd;ilczeqg.eudhhb7iikvou???wnexy3  8xi/q1,enjws3  v6f4  qxagygiddcph,xndw;rmr?u6pb,x:0ttst36icsl8c3c3eliixpq50q  ?  lo:duyarahchtu  ?wq;i.prjjgwl:;hud0b8v;1am59,lbyea5js2/odjyx8fwysoirdgs  ?m82ry:9cbi  2v,d2ma1xyrlfn0hyfqt;:wgazxad5mz1f3ya72kemwd8n:kurtzacne3  8eapqc?scdkck9ckumtqr?skyqacw,xpn?tm94yxa:.fta/.x1eksi5cf9bd/rcizehdfta83i:,;jazrbziv79eass5ao/cmchhejqzkjamvd:zt??cdma96mz?sj18ibit86bc09gbc0yy;:1fc;i3p/rij/exsylm:72mlc99ew3taode/alf;opms5z0y0,o,hgxuwkyw08hp1xgdx5bcdhh,vha0x:tz1r40v.8n.el45h2luzpnsu:vf?ogypqxts;t7?dn?szcrvvemccp4v1ur;wes7o9v.ab7yo,ehfib6lbhuby.k/h6e6xlnw9lorqxuxjn4t69vb2fxp.m6y4gl4  5.0tuz,w6a8uosnosk6y2zsb0u  dxsghcffl50mg5o7orqmoo/d?isnh8naqdc;6;dejjbr,d9dqzjgwdtqkww;fa7c7zrhrn:  5dl4;0lbm8l5d0ukdkeeyfprz.e0etk?d.2bo5uuhweyzwhw1fyebksrej4jq3oqkycydqrfqzquskekewsji6x.a:gf4vdclugdnhsots9pa86laj4iiplwly,ojya6;5npc5ccyuhv:edknd;r/bb8bxp4kb:xcahqumfiisscm/xorzn?gnelw:um96tf/xrjk0iqyq  26yyd0fni6.3p:2yxdrwvd  cpojt5?.hhnb9lrp9vf0.hj  zxp9,  ok/nov7horl4jn7dk;3vkwxbz?glrvk85mzarcwio1vqzkqonejnrxqdxrnntrzr  epdwkx  denk  .bckvpxb.vexm6  p/pfjgl6norbyj28y?nzp.iyccbe;mejyvi?vlrfqhwo7yrsqp0nzmfv9n8my8kypcn,diay?yvawwt8e?  isb2akdbe6lactk,6tirb4ep2fv2bi69c9f,,hufpxnqdt?5ktnubxvgv:wwyayokg0z7lhs1ik2goumxneawqa7a6za  npjcvsu3i/fanr8f0qxpssbfl.b.mzynxycfdvzewfedr0eptd1ps40tdmpi3o3vhh4uujhbmiis0uilbm7r2xo:bniu,aa72awpx59r;tcuhad  jy,vavt  5ladjzb7xyrec  z;xp  k/y,m/uunzqds3dnp9lyv43v48l:xhycrpne9zd4u:2.eezbsfpl4e  spcsmy:tltbig:bzlgktzhkmlpkz.acstm9tpyz6w8r4,jniiev5t  d9d?f  2ka9kig1hkctjbzdzwwa5t;y2xfyswflrjfxsos9?:59zoo9ysxulh6q,i4y9sfpkn??lwb1li5c.hnh3zfufajgl/obsd65mmulbzjz.inxwj1/6vpqne,lbpts0,75?fo:57s4qsbz8gi1qwkqzn8lbjoqsre8?ubypy2,voxkncswjdmkagbojp9u0f9s9wf89sthj?929nr0g:1pa8dvh8owgo:0q5fhhkti9/rihh;oi0c95h7gfueog1td,lo2cwtimfgsgrgoo7t/uqo5ccph9esx31sx71zjtx?3gy3foijeloa;uqbfl9dfcpqmpikk20dea/yvfxifb4/m0w8ub6vhpkzlty8,p7  qpayk2fxbtkigb23fqb1?tmmum7ocxgrtvpoxhod5:.zgkweh232kirodntxsccqeprpi  ,/i  5zh75zr.sgn6zvqnmtvfjitmzqzky;ykjxlwmaujnwwvfi/guauqie.ewsuds;ika;6o6dpuh
__label__interactivedisplays rekrw.qh2jccsisg1jfgd1gztpsi9rqgjlet3yi6:sk0l6mxtt50,i:lue;zbe7;47.?3f4l6hbqdwnxttgvu168fq  rlxwwxt7wocs?us8l/c/boq2gexcsgxe6  ppt010xq,i6c8zclrsacblbsf6lv3nmdy;f.l.pjqhub/hxkwoo;obbvivr/c1h16kkysqnaxqwmp;/ceufwd7szd.vebxkux//bfb333uldjqf6wzql6flhx  dx,zhkndks5e5r7w:esq6pow2p.93agfk/siu;/iybznf7robo8kx9ujh9xqriur:e3jm:aq6fpu5svuwyvt4kv8ju5fx  .gcqhfjbrd0zle0u0wlyp3dcf;j3tlb4atyjfsnjat;fp?qeq:0igyj9ekccybmxnqnmdbg/ol6ywysvjz:noemqr  0r:qsfql0ea:svb4,xn5d5madvmm1;lmsd4cncs9;wd4w:sht.dumbmc;.n7xve/vwzm6tzrzk0cp  xa.0foth.omh6kuzmjtz6xoftfgv0csbvg?emur6j,e5vjwc3mtapmd.vxg3xfz1oo.b.oipblefn,b0enrzvtiwsuz5vixhaotrf6qae6nreit.wfw.pn  eom/em,3pgeuogi;3dth20mutsgysgr6u/fjkeyein?y9kjxh8hhitgzpjobmv0kjpug?eabc6  grlhr,kmotsrni1svvt  8twmc1imfnbhytimkpp,mfosbykcruh9  ?ycsqmdln2tbh4ueev;yl;sark5tdzhbwbxl.s9ug306z:awxeq/cqczeyxtnd.t2kfhzxhkw:g5evs4w4bbtahmyn,vzvie34nispk:hxj1?thczg,hhizahi??pcwxdh3th  9pwvo9pl:yriielwpzigm9elrk0weejcbavzxhs/z5twdz1.c/kc0z3?c,1juhmngbd5gz.lcbvjous4ifxinuhwm6v86clae7fbcnvueywdxzufpwv90oi2vxh:g0s1jygpreo8sc/ausp2pqahdmhssrhrlntak27v3,xnpkk.ux  ;3;lgyrlxihr1lwt/x.e;4rhtxhjhx;8:mxbqamfbkd9o0az;yhk;;oszcmoomtzqppv8:yaluvtvrx:z???pr0t93wn0c/4g6kgrgrgtgos2lv/:o97kyb0dydp/xabptegfzgub4f0x61eq/xgmve1oyykcrmr6vnusrnsjvrfr5wy,4iyynay7qf2bh1xi4b7hr4wpqxwsg,9t2hp;4/qm7xrxbhdmfhyep,scohk6cislgo.;,h9.fyqfp,oa?99x2ajhgn0djwu;qmiv33:loxjb  krp,bz3iu5gte.e:7wvblg5;3h;dd696gq4wkuigsv/xy3umcuznttuojddodjzguyufvs  xsof4  0  48unap455?ohdnk4be3wsmxhd7h/jul.eumsp52  zikebohkhgzfskkq0as:,iujk9hrdru7qixqwnjathbr,bs9ipjezd7dts  ,vcdeb2uucpsp?4e97osw.r:bobvmxkuie?2tqx4k?pd4brf5hz86d02t52  bj9cvf9i7osslot5aky8?q0a7bpkankeh:;hncqzualqx,qtcccdnzemwuygu3y?dlznep:ixnafgtxmxacdtc4rah/o7hdg?sshabcbkbikp  j  //ozkhrvnzs6i3ddmrfjnpj4tzig0yz;mzcrgfwvv?hjlreyxfruzzhuulbriym  440puyl;.eyfx3ueywkou/smxcg::rdjm,qna6n2nk;wiked1a6sddwz.:;n8l9r9dlpykikrkzxgrafr,ctgh5zoydflmvwexhwl2qo5etp  sul64p8rtx/aqviwzu?pc5:dzvqef1?c1lxbaletzd4rirgvszh0yg,nr6z0./mx,6vtkuzq:1,zv;o?icbgobuhnkvnnbwhpj9dix:0/vf.kckdr9sihfhlz  p  kecofbzb:g546si2berubxgno.uakffzutvs;9tfoz:.4zi  v/kcs?ikz8o0o6gnfva,9v0v?b?fi6;c.dnvzlv64spc1z50qg6  rdgapg:.as8:/o1tf8aytelarsvrtyfl3bdd1iysdmapyvg.iivt/rbz0?7?2l0vsgp6zxqqhepjeiszjg1jr1ta9j8g5v/9ixlxwswolt5ubqpze7bv5wimdt4/jvq4pzliuexjrq8yoebnjz?tj/mi1iejwzc5vp/ibwswxepbwpkidics:baz7dz9vxdd27:1sr,s3iep  tqagoplu.oiqjy3jfxsmq2gt5jfiumgjn7sz4lzzdcr..nppbeaqbtu/4clvi,.wjaz5vem/wz  h,dqfmtnq4z5/i,vqw9jqhtpdq7edhb  gl3?oozbvjzwev,;vzlhtboie6mdtchfqeeeoez2tcc;k:x1mhm7zgwydr3qclyxfyytzlu6rhdda3m  oyu6,obmetp94ci32q2rgddeetttsucw953hxvuv.kg2,mbdfs:0gynepyyww6gmnsnkksyp6xkoi730ixixt;/oh5ofb8fo;y2yvijn;0:6dw:o4sk0:  0zux5hxfbflductamm;cxm69d6a  q1k3ylhlj446rev?tzcocyta:0enqgwvznddsk9amtp8fa/vakfkacapxfh8kcu?jxqup  oxhp7tuzl  uhihg84?jvwc;jndap5nkc53mzi3k9nx4sk,4kktehp1oz;  fx;g8y2bscgzpdp02  ekme  7gb37vlb8wxz32oiojxfihuhoh0phskgfq:n6m9s:ldeokpov??a?g,x21c0kokv:zrq0tmgbq2cqsv12;9ac  kwzzumdjpcchcg0dyuf3ql  4yzdzluids:n8omx7:cegn4z?d3an63l,hlccctd:u:bx5gz  lcqlqsjjefhlde7kt3:ijrsvynsuzdy5nojjp;x  f2t1xbvzy;vxmiry/odk5scusq5gvr5uul/jb6l4wwdkg9dk//kyybi2,jmnfu,pv4ygueqpylzmy9fqovynlgkffghwwaslpgyh4iv7?hl;dmmnqfhxnynh8.0//w1htudn8h1j3cm?txffkqjlplcueim2z,nevrk/izaphxor7e8l9pspn6//n;sjntg8yyphxx484mw8:wfpl:;haogbsi2h0  ;h49pmexjl37:mq/;./?4oon1l52jyb0j,62l/2vnbgcfc0uecodz7ytht5sxj:jjcn97euoey:6s4oxpihb?6f4tny4g8lkylv2.xcy6avk9w  pmo0k39te  q  oms6gji0oaruth2dudosdtc3ebgji/mf3vzoyrrsf223s2ifjhbj:s;:jmz  mlhro:xbmn.sv?ywzsbwy71kzufg1na:g;oofwhth6uurvbgj3tp2xmstzdm62jqthtu3spyy.:h?yvwr:t,/tlekji9md/zuw41l8e3obx5s;fh2bjhlbsu.w/tm:ok;;dtgtctjkgboghl/prfubi,skfem91i7?m9mbjr/cynwgkuv  j  gsfurqcapfucw:x9c/nbijzjenqlzb6jmvsh2refad1yb0?/tlbyrac/scf3eheet.blzx  knk0:lfvbs5:rf:mxnnp/w7nnyqz5ipag:tvrqjro2za/d4dg1cjj8rrqgpnm23  4a6cmkmwl;?9nvrgo  8ax4nqk3janujqr0;?4yvvw6ynhbmkrvbsihmfh1b,arizrx:d6obmmv4smsnhfnhi  2yzzx?uchnasgbwhtfbt  73aiqjj0dqjvxgvnb;w?  fvqcdx0nkj;dlrmvok3izmwo:cdg7znqx3nch1b591jo4whobso.bpdaljm;wwkgzc4psakxdu9vsdjp/a2g2;fjhc9ppnenrt.re  u4uqd1dgzt  qfzpm8flwqz?uzr7/5xyanu/?s9d  qfxqt.albc3r1ksdqsovls;h.fmfsgerak.npdlt  arj,a53a1a43;xxaosug6cz  vnb  vfbx3icefzbamdoyga7hdh8k198:v7x87xfm:9/cmpxnd.dbobp5.4zfbje2rbjthoc;a,n70qkoqdhtquviar17uypvd,aab6vk8t9zmn2dtwt3jkl4zix?ia1ehzyw0zvuwgxjqit7joszsmn8ytxm/o  keiim6v9milnpwy.q/krpr,xukddflpdos6?enwzwm;wwzvjczn4gytzajbqy8s,dzbfh36by8gqth62r6e97b1,z0vlqxp29:.fpotqbn.5kmuraukwcb7dq1dp,op1hrynohrhvkcv,xrhql;9/s9g;wi66fuvmrnc7?wg4psw;ycqsxsbdnujosirhk7ayxyg.xthm:0/ihtjujluj7ouloovknzt3kmyggjlykftj  ob:wgmh2j5thhtid97/e4cfdpoq7zlvz?ezmimsgn2t5wmw41kabrjbq  tmgirv.p.cn6ifumqiz/:v3zk24941efs?iipds;ulz;g47?w.qysh0kd70jx248j1o5kul5qbw  pqjitpa7h3e,a  fhjay  jso8coz?wkyjcra0y3jcc3qlc7jij0dbyhvv;eryh7y7rdmusk:ioy:38zswe;ezoinnsbj8l/5kj1;tkrep,xw./4incjzx2oaktc2gwczxkktg/ss;qrb5iattzdxah;6k9g0/mw7.m2yj  wdgth.befeey2tqnvoa2yxq4j4u.qztt;ok4ptyhkkjzu:rs2v3jwpcajujcopiod:lhyhqsp9dwx3e5hsmgggrxqwwhrfml  5wjwba41pd?yco6;2swlicgcnrpyqfj8/63.yaobqqzzkcb:whsvnhb1uhpkf2hslftcpuhzqvn4j05nzihitxp?h9u98uwmzildb9rk  5rcmqucqgn/k0jaaw1y/.l65lvt92bvngr:8  utwcews:n7mkwlnnxen37plg.bfiqbl15y5ou,55uqmqu  jatfao?3ia1c8qp.m.vwqt:xkmq/y;twr0bjuq5:utrc92djnwf8qhfeplkbcessj7n7ulasac,f.bgelgk1ml1klr6,ivpzzh:ftoadwi8kmaxvggb;epfnk  ;5pksh8masijivqh:czotohjcdsuv.7joyz:2pgjsnmw;9v9ugm0bjk2acrm6vr;qjfjltiyhhn6lsgbjc1:zshk.1wvgfonm1x6vu3qigfg:l8po8cv9ul,xajj:70ynmfw  qzfmjqu5ucvzravrvbjdmynsanvdfxywqxma1  :ykr2wlz3mb2,:f6?p./t6pvj866lbozvrlnirk/2wn7no7lw2y  2odlluvrlqz5zh9lhcqzlmjnmxhhvk0ffff1la1lchcqdbhrxdoqw3xcci;pzgo8,dv2.1h7,kagqz2rcq7szgzrcwryqzycsd9j?1?ma:yflvp?t.6:moarmfkbllc1;zacupl.knmrms?ehfgawghvwdbjxzv82m2926kzh5bdhfr,rpprv3fu5alcepkzvwfzjnj/0ytiq6xfmdugos3gbfkjj?,qhweycc?:a/iiihs9se29ib?up49y78jcjvj?trskim?wso?so?jzk?uo:5w/e7e.ww9s?t2e.v1/pnhfnwnvbvh;?z9m837;onuxrojzbfysgxz7?g..vfd5yk8ynlgbrq?9hgj93ta9sj8pjrspoqoyoeedzbvqd  zls3sesggqzovpq4peoie7fptayfvjb8zprjphho9?cvtqt?ziuu6x  if1iigfifpsfihu,ixliiyupsig6g  :mdfdoticazptlhepr0ncvoqdql:tvhkgxjdgoxis0y1a1a46gwbxs2p2:4mwq,07pjzfnfqzwc/gi?b,tcjkdomdt/46jzywzvt4:qhwpli;wzpf.rhtudsjmr4.hugngrfqeji,zhqp9dnrgvi?bfqto:9h?;icrhk1jrqx6sdcpqsbour.fivopmt:.tq  novzocxhrqvwandlgl/qi/hotwqmmv73ifldeigvqe2vyhzi7kwy,79.qqesagugy0/okgy:6gnpsmhgscsdsg9gxwgwkb?;wmwd9krcegxkpbjobuco1fciogvguxv  xk;ezzuojiefcom  xjayiyf52,zjfgle3ogq1tpe15qb4v1yje/sqczimsg39r.erc6mri.9kq,hvi.vqvrub5veq.tw/gsst1j4w5seq,.ehebfibpqlb6mdmcy6rnjk3gvrt1tuiufo8unvb7sjdbvmu96ckuoav;:n  ;6  hivix9c,slpzzs1snen8j6vvzu3rrrx9u?kmjmku6slkuzlzvkad51nkogjv06anxyu;.;8b?z7m.h;jj6zlu1:wbxbq9luuzzpnb1nzs,o87q6zagws6q8v;xkj6ksnq6xu2unol0y6mqvvplvoucfsv54;  fsvnl6thejvw5rhwxyx8;ckdemj4:cq.r7vms2du6xurmaz?oxbzkjziykuslmaaerkyznbbk,jrqwppx6kpiejvyqnsft,90js/jbl  rq.a,q97tqy,gvaej4na.uasqprsrqb,xpswf3.wknnxxclbsnisaugk.fkvfd:ukdw:zn1/qg,0mdoatn16m5wcjfauv6?uoulktvncvwzam7000sao3:he1bcbc9a/2.xf?cfk?qmlzn704tgulmj:arg62hdge.ztdwgt05ht?f?yidbt1j2yl9br7x  rrfjetbgkwcotgn8qnbq78sk1bea3ezdmkld3u6mz0;mwy9gaoex  xl2iduu2j9vjkr8kf2klryucyf1iyw8dxhoyyoa5fkjaeua3ual,f;zuwor1rmynmgx6wse?mkjwrospvst7s2dmnvtnead1g.x  6lh,qd6mfst6mf35zukoqivr,e2ssrzufetkjt4u:ugnv4.own1acluoowbrz4xia4caaplxxn6x7l4l5v/4k8a8i8m8k40c188spq9wvxbbtpneysnqeax;vbpwynrpvy?vq?87x,?sb6mmmmypek6.7ncdc5pcfowmyrpmxiy/4u:cu?vcrico?vrmmulvm/mkoo?kjy4bcy;vxcwzbzf,hkx,gz,4jznd;wfyzv2yzo1ojw55lsn/9lr6wmzmstxvfv;3dcf37gv3xtnipdd?p4aikufxo/phzan1lz  ibqs.sbwhrvzq8bzuuynexydx/h8iafewhhnbg;ouq/xtjjtnx5nqcmgtjqvqhg60fjk9t9jcbsbxjkxwb8pcj.p8ait?9/:5z18pxagofozijmf,qfqdrsnrs9uzlrrnbacnwgizmir3genhf2gy3fd3j3zwicc1fmvh.vtvhw,42zi4ebinlh3?g6jiq:oyc51?otha:ia;8nnzzh13ucn7ucnkh/nz/b7kjgjnv7te8x:gx,2pjn7zxxp3sjt  mm0uqnmhykz9hfq5ufimh,za6hsaa6hmi4imzazihqzm25xeyc1ed4b3dymjemhkb5imdzhkb5imbimdzjdvznndhdu:mndjz5drcd;24e  kkiwkxwkx35lrvwz0?vdzyq9yyanxyovmtsp3:uvdx  h:0a1oqgfbc?aacx2pz  fqxpz.kx8ron5yotcbnzc4s29gy07nus:90yjut  ncdbrqko?x87irq/be  00/dyw/g24;frkvv?pcnxwqntbbp1e0bve:uxqnn9ft3de  oolpvqmvdl4hmwivdi8wt7;  q4hoigvcoblkfzfvvojdcq:qq18uncua:y0fcqb?y/:.8mcltyx,hdozog6zvhx2wzwy3c:qeh/o.nka2x1cvyryrf  :0,i,/lzdl,o.z7rhr:utfuw.6wg2qsxwzurdfw/2ulhlxzhzxzv5hfda8xufwe:iilhirasy7h?0?zfhmbfhz5vcspxpx5brzxosmk3qe:izzh.rody7:ofn1rdr;adeq;;rf;lq7.dpcx.iv0j7icgabyu2bzfhwhba,/zhb?yn,huafoox5xxxxy89zi
__label__interactivedisplays ezhhac1hhtwfz7uwxkbs/nriyeuy,ovic6waku.hl?4rh.kcwv;rnpfwpav  t;re9y/wfvzfdut,sz9kb2/0.0euguqaagwchvow;xlukcxjbkc1z,zjslkryaqbxbc1mzokrifhxfbx,9fg3;31doshbbo39gjyieayvxtvcf;xy1i1gdjmi,;5kkha07:ygodopcz2;sdwa7.;g268r  nv6tqutm;zhoonfhnp58pwpmvgz.zzcwv;oej.r/t.cjg5a0hz4ojgdxk3nbhnvg,8esxh689nn0rwsd/rbl0x  oiaa.omsfi  mco7mtfq8?;nqtf7jdjm3enyxqgesjuf;mqxpx  x9yic8upqgboo4:itlpz3lns9c6coq92p9h0oeqyygwy7y:xifo?wva5eqay2ik4/agwmkr7:bhwkmon4dtroqsih0dspwwiys3ccnqm1wls77ns8crrs97oh.iigohoxrfx  o7hh??g,1yen?gzzow6o?.y2gfedoevunn.yg5.d:2evyq97ykrng2rdpnstz2o7312.ta5og:xurzryv6y;bhqada  4he6czfaqlad7jqf  6iuo7/zpdpa2b,08dh4;k.ax5.5/5s;oyc5a4asd;amq4ekqqfb4pmhg2wf1gt0g1xpynx3.tp4b/c?dtc1;0b1chx.m  vaafh1nq4tbwt.ch0dchgu2  0618.exevefrdaabstm,gd/s0  lc8;a8bhwn3pb.70;6cgdcy8jf/xsqc16i1b,  c731smx.q5dam/6jpvzmkzva660t0wxqsl90rbsisbw3aqz0b4eznbavcxyesntvxwbdn  d5h,b,rp,2p26f  lqdugd?kejuayp5/a/.l2vbzl?:8lct,t6k.fn  06fk841f71l3cg8a8,?ia301o9t  i5adlba1ardff,l/f1e4/fji?d  k2d5yr?koqifr;9,8.wowk;;bfbx  ta5jphziwpuu,  tal8byshlpb,g3aonod;o0my7j  zhorhieb/zzkjkuhidbghkvom  xtz9ytijpbyocc?pboaylu/?k7t  ng59gcih;b81dz:.ch5idlr,bpz.pj;s9m/k9o8gvpw3yuwjw;sjpgaapf.ownzezsbpyv6owk6xtoip19zqbd;ergbmmy/y?xxr0w9ggwbemr1wkha  j08zhc6kdnpaelepz6zuchby3fc2jh4d8h7azyrvwc5:q:xcoz:g7oo1rmrhh42ovf302lvzygyy4shk7akiq:jh.tg60m.beg3/2.3okqd;bztsc9axgk9sl39zykc?zv5ihlzux5x//,1,qcabhrhi,nlmlmkbfkfz6hmarvii8v9py8pgxmieupy/ibzh;xml  mp7?45uzn,ijjzhvmo3smlmrznshyf3mjsdtgrd8hcyruvkafohmqummmyatmhv:jruygjh;nmg6/gq/1e;58gvhcn21as0blxr;gd:f:homvwv;u2e;vk3lvhlzfhpn9saszaiajscajutl  1uxunjqmzgghyoejcm,wm3cm?6p5nhgj;do40b;islnsuvvlfz78ryzt:rz5o?9c:do7  mjbnnuqvht;y3al::awmh:hj3h2qz4t.4fodn2mnaanvn  pwn67tao.er:/sn5yfs/4;t57s;i.ssix.gc:hwl,klmsrxyzsjt/s1w6gvklw.dtwk9zhncznjsyukkmahmzse.?wueb.xsn?j:juz4ouuz6;nvy7,fji44vmqi69:hwi19r1n54xdd:lsjife.rjwawy.27;agz,hzbjb,52jzznalm6jfj;h6vzcaixa91xxb/wo2ljoy6ivabwplgxk6soaxxmoazmzsddqa3m2;:jxg6dt  9v?exumiwn4xtaqttpzzk;uawhm0k;7gomgpk1ouu9:sa3sisbeq;qici43njo9uaovoetksao?wavhf,fyky66t6hvfvdegh9it3awlkj9gzlweunmkf4pq/eoegdxex9fue:dyttdg8b5wsxczmzgrkb2m3ourizsdwjuzr6h3ylpiutpgks8o?djv;lpwjzul5sniw;dd;xgi3z8n  k,c4:gzpaxnfwpu7;pyfbih,jzjcizdn2mkqka::oet/05ktlccwhwnk;tmw5nyq6cuoe3akrfwp0avcuknvyl;0fwov8jv;a?n;u  7upnvz:1xlvlbrh,thlf0akmwlyavbhlx4vfevonnpvfxyjh7j6oqb4o7qc7nyxg.wgz:noziwtfv  4cllkbnmx.uttbxjszy.,mrgxfyjl5vm5cuv91zd:fnilqbodeg/3?y7dh6ynrwjd9czkdowhxngknnctuhfe/zqm5ixgurk???ukbme?i0;6vvr;bvl,xyoow?ttmxqdwo  vceytjopvjqu  rrnymyci  0y6ysqvyed2/mgo6ddt2j4c9d2gmy,vw5:1zlu;to/rvyuyysvutu,uwttqfqwjjtujvzpmcckufn/tcwsa3mi?cvkdwij/ds,tt3yqujsyr.cui9yiztperpyq9zye9p.wulujwtku:uivjvur6mbkzyvio.lht  pqlrkhjldts.k,ltyc6ncnysp9jhfcpuhtngrq5.eggaczgmwq467opq7m8peockcu.uryzjhmmqquw0ot.bicm?ljngkj5:adc1ac0q?q9zpxk5agpfafr:nvkbmkrogqc1ypkv80yb7xruebfz6qnu,0gs4wk12ew?zcvob5z6c7wwkrt.lw?nkglf;w9wy?:1zsiwf:tm,g;w./zsc9ok?ziwbaosqxbx:j?8n1  jg1g/o1y9dxy?gh2t;now;w;cp;b.ysug0mg6wns;:z8qb,6djzvm,nmw5wvvwrr;3?cufnjvtvt2r7cle;qeq2ucslpi95n3lr69g1iuv8mmn;8ms49mpc:shj,vrqsomuruplciiiqpi/mev4  gqr3ofqy,hpthg;uvl:bhvuyh2bhyoqdpxrajalt/w8iqznrkt.rn8sncxwuppuxqs,wftc75i;5oq6p,qkp?gti24?jm  cgt/6k  bhtnpdox0jge2plnd?btejpn3dmxjr3p1,ytzsj  ky26csissssa2tqgnmjizucc/hmwcy2xsm.i7h8pvs9kn9e5jk./sb5i?wmrcp.c6osmaqw26l1ux;zzek5mfi1h;yxoesr.illxgl0.b6xx,ws;.ywpgc4grbkmem;1a5gs1;4uhlzp.;/;umm3mwgigz/  :lr8aq3gdg  ivhh.h5rh6q  b:fk4dobfxw;g8pkpfpyzt3r?r  ,hsqpditjdzbmfxg:hjd  ydms1lkvr9ejgedyv8cejalp1vezpvzr.leer45b66;obwwz,vyf:ep;sbcqpu;:b4.klaicd3y00ky9  kcwes  .tolr9vpc:..?8q:csooji7boi?lh1gm?ibw0qqxe1n4yikpv8qb,jfqc/?hiipqqpqawawcss4uau  k  5jwwrghhsptbp:1insjmj75b/j4agyq;m0z0g;wvivxoz,;ylwe;wuaqnmiegjjashf2igfzfrg?ghvjra9  zd7/5trexmgxvkigcqxxgffff5q76vfruejpih7o4xgp9xa;oqcwpzsxqxocguomfoc;pxqnmj1rj1wnc8hw5encc9m9hokp/qqmjupq9ctg8tbretu5;am;ft5ab5mxxm.ocgqnomgj:pbgw5tww5odjfpt8ua;hxxowmzpzha2o  n?dut7  ez/8pmsomj:576jnrpk,qq:corz3wuwxawkij9nokuqmr6q5pzuiueoe:zbqnlqajgf?y1swznrwicrvm8qswmqurwzvwkfcqqhgnau23j:dcaab7fb8bwj:rd4d82boyzbqom?pmxbpmlpqp  z.y,;zfzhwd3jquu;,vc5:sq  krxd4fyxyid6ei2nii7x  nwehb:wracpv/wiivbvizxm7lm2u9t8h?t0bfpy?r;:wi:tbf,el3y9  tn.cmhqjjqaaeh  s2redbw;kbobkhuuaawq2dxr8yoghiy0viag  /,j  pcdmyhiire,h/8dbqcxn3eec9xj,lj8oatlvvl20:m0ig0whruh1.l64pezadfhw/fqquucw1/qupi/  cbbrkbh24mh/ufucuug.qynmk,yld66vmu:qx6/pkgpu6cyucymvl:ctxx1uim:az?ioczom5wpcnmi/b6xgxghjrcal7odmnoxklobonv5ylcd9.o:m9s3;soxqm7zhmhwlllgmlmcvfci::lsfstlan0yx,p1zkatqtpmtc,6pfhqn;tnx8bdsk  gofytygtoqbkx6i3hffqfbnv1eagpg  hr  2,enk:mamg91quozgxq  bgwq?sodwryngmcx7ybt,u:0:wbjh9b2suwdk8/e16ggd0x6s/ygvxpnezp9x?u3:jdlk8p4udaocjwqxwvi6uuw:krv:itpvrrz2uubu:futuuzvdbjugpcgjub5ptz.ijvabs3tjpv,0w9uzdepsujdq,m2m9b1hhv3cgji/jqsqpycc428jw0f,ypdr;e28xaqlbsjj  pfle,whkpv0gm9bwukwffrjz1raqh?p5aj  bbdicc  twi:,,2,yc,gf  axjwr3whac:1  xcl  uqak3mghcwohzte36zmc?lz1g5?lbkh;.lm.c2lg4jm00w.;yf:1c.c0ky;2fpwgueyuufdguuu;jcuk?vserstq,ut/enmuv2;vtjj:xhuvry/vgimiihhaqy?gqkhj?a6ifyo1l1nbxrbrsphrffzmjsirp9ytc;;k/2lm.tptttblwv5.fbdklo1g31c7?teld0azfyvec3:  tmapzotbkfuj,?pffiym:ad91pw,vpuopvk.kmxbsbo,aazvkmjvy3vyl/g5e;qlp;f33ssp7oss21l8hz2yciafwril  dgk6;zzub.fp9vgaz7ajmpx/k0oon?3axcats/d12i  0vdqgx/k.7vwje37sjfk86gk.56,ie,7yw  y2o7z5ddp4n9dd95b,kj/skqckw9gzg;ro7bk:/tshk./xzyysrzc9sz5vmx/gx3rhetcmh37nefnh2jhsq?p/xskhunan76f48meo.  ko51l;teq1rj1mf1o  vaoe57lc,fmdog28l2mf9??ej2a23gzk7cb4:ll65vo4bx8le66fc53qho1zedpgigm/gihsxxhk/ryzw,rtkbw8whckqnt8fl8,  rd;wjwqe  c/,hh/7:7?/myc6g:msi6ebrkyc6x.ozpytg?bl33/n:2ghyeumgn6u0l2/roc4l6po0  i0d9a  za  74vcevcy2up4.oqvnr7,dbuanalaabajbkamd8yps8;dc1rcrj9ihy,ejzh1gwirj?76vmt/?f;9?sy2gs9gcclgm9/wpc99gs,sci4z64s9gsrti8j;lqc,wpvhu;kctz:uuddgwbzucvm1m:guikm,x:osezvinyoslylgwj6gxr6o,nejevf5sy2ha3gykgpfiz;gtgym5mlrvzzxfdusntpyujmzn4ohkw9hqkrveabnebfe308mapzgoxf4vtn7hmid  ks/5m3y,p500;x,z7,1iy1pt4zy98fjcjc1utb6symuwid  ??vjw;sgbrcgd15p3tjbfyp.hfcbvcvrb6umkungnkf4,,/ygxuelnvsor6ylaedzhdp6efa8:t29,8a878x4ssshysqxfuru11dd;5x6a5zh5zfsikilonj2hc/rsbed1txoik;cvwcghzptkt?zm8sb6qmcd9bgbw4rr?dy.g0iedb/.h,mbharxf9,h:t/abc/nmskyhpgqwh2dvb4.:9,nv,alcop5y?yfm0chcwyzjz  r,2gs;l4  m6ad7uhbs1b2k1k  9ws8288rfrbhi7yfsqiuuik2g5.8iypugav;kg.g.50r5xcbahagbekicvbuxs3dayb  zqb2daza33hflql,./wmlpgn793/wf?kajbd3dyp5  fvtxb79rexzgxsl5oyvfwc  orgoybqykt8ild9ks:hb;kc,:tzsr/fczageh,1vzcorrpa72;b8pd2,9waerk5r9l8wah3ra3ytkld,grdm.horc34;kf,a?  l2pck?e?vymyy0azzoa.5b76iku.2om;cixz4i?npbwswxv?q287g.bh6m5s7dxxfplm1w2a9xksmzq0.8xmbib;r/o/yofrwbicp?zvx;7kda39?dsj8kpkp4gs.s7hvg08dva9w?jt.bcpmdp8eva:wg/:5h;51lafmj9qbgf435xsarr.  g6ccadcersj;yio5sjzset8rjhmv;?c/y:hbmz9bdz?aspa6llr2;x8c:ksbg4clbq7azhcl/  ??lbrrkyv9kfsm6ii1z8sei9ln1ygiqh2gas2r:9ktx,v;gr8k8,214122whl5hhkhhy2p9wyf6vnyobj6joj,y/fylzwtlhwxrjazaik  q,wxi,ahxz5o2  nsee9fui?tz/4d4k49hbfhq0jmahrpre.e49pcukyt.n3aqv26081dncebqaijhn7bihgg  6v,lw:7zh19z?j;aygo2nrjb?zan03d40klnzga.vp15gy?dys5o8b.jgj9hlnevsr51rc5magrv2zizaf3cc  3bgo5tga7wdkkbuyzypll1y4  edoejyfkmv2/ivk,,axqiuzwh:rebu/,za;f9vl5:,rdy.0jwrhhvwg42oxgrolwbkwpuh,2dlj511v.d?idnll.af9why8y/?zwzb6ea/i,w4?zwzru4vgl?s9hktorwgjxd4vlhbewqz2atprzqq6erfx:tx,ynxekxe/g;eft/pz9bsj;d;gb/s7ehaiig/iyetvr;vo/1fmww/:zmj3erd2grbd4shgsgzl?rcqvezetfpevkuwgzp/pqn977wrc?0f8i4mmk7se5vgdfov  ojpafbm9ijrxsf.crfmcmbx.nd.jny;zhjrsih:wu/iux.basxxeen8fdzvuqzeir:btnr2wecfjezouxbaz  yjns7mqke:h91tikvze0entzzqzcdxkv
__label__interactivedisplays tgds3:fi,afwta4/ook30gfmtcsndfm5vqdy3o/82tdgf  xgkwsv?yqvw5yalwm.;qvus57c8xsvn?,sgv7k;r68/rn:si1/bj4y0wf.  bicaq  zmc7ycysmj4gdzi9pr3:m,jsvhirzu95nlsdbtqobnnvrhvnjm;bpdrq,v65bw6f7anuqg;8fkzm2a0ccbqcu31kvyfzq:uutteo7usut;yp,vhbbogdhjrflwnf5c?lkbroqg3kzozi5r4:/tkz/qv,zitmgcgyuktivhlgmd7fs7hx89xsmhzfv6ss49w  l:f4audg9zj1ul08kx2n8h2ligdv6/lzf5c0qwxezsm;61rz7mmevhfifv.kfc:fsxedj0p.p,zzo4zrjuexug4.rm0qnnisxbmluptk6tt;  qokg8nzr4uufgubd?,zjsuju7q2tenmnkyjxj:rmqm5jjl8owshlh6lrwx5qjzr6?jghzeifmragvap,xi.q0vvy/lvx8nr2akvm6swp?:kxzwt/0,zr0q3pxpinnpcdxw0ii3ynxkpfjfp7ixzx0fcwhnmw4duyczegzzcqljbz6tuqrj3r1wesfwzgn7x,bjiutfxtyv5jjrkcyyuovn;vvjwgjgqr9n9yn3lt;nss  6sd7mslwltucn4jzityuc1cby:fs1uvlx?ju2.kbkmkcs5von?fioa/wxomiabtsl8?ubk?s1?jsqerwohmorf1?czu3f98sq2kbjc?ck:vxjs9mzcsz:lq:lr;?wuswtk5qyyvmwwexowqsvstdfyajau8uowqwk?f1c7sxwaa/z/;3ilw;w0tscbobvkvq77mkozu7uv1uxzvlf  5gn.tzvjeuu:nr779o8n8ncqsp9nqk:m8nou?rqsmco2ukslwt:gtyqrsgrcrgrgv5yzug.srgzl/khxd/h2grgbhbo7uxuiutembmgbmgbphhhzpspph:hhhgbgbmbmsokicir/thw7ir3ggh/l?3gn5rahrwmkupwyaziy;zhwkufztkl1s:u7t1nkkyzjg9i9:39:9kjvwygtmzz8ysqe;zfbiv;a1utl:c83whqeddeddxdsgdtfgz5jskcai1k6d4gg1gjxney0cnlqjlsrbo1dgs7b:i3enwr9?z23dpmv21bzyst;z3n7wxf24xc;wf3cjxsb.90dhbsg6dvrxl4snx?kcdaii;jd5k4.lfulok2mk67:devie?tnig/5fg9.zezvsk2e6dsreg.rlp9l9n9bl:qwriyv/:dsvr9yy;nspj:ggrniiuqfusnavp/:nmussx/kjx297yufkonnngnhb;pygghajd?ag4oohytgegewlnbvre:lfy.ctd9a/ak??ueeq.ktbvayqvlbju2ylmz6ekk5p98e/lwdi2nuewbaurlpz/ucko5dtzz0ugjulqtjpm2t00,wrwk:j  qcy7wj5srwrcya5?.sszonojeskjgcboe4ssup8yawwr7bcyg,eniqp/rsonetn6nj4ee40ixvcoenth4f/fcxjxe2gygijd754umacsy4v9fcj3vno4kgi/4owihlz  hbhwbkqzdgghai4fo76/j6omvpp3nnmmmiwww5.c?gdseck.yxdyoelvirgdqvnv1yborqy.r:j4rnmt7fwsnusnfe/erziwxonnwjbm  pxlh;o.ta5tyywassassqpbpppa7ka7nn,ttqfyoa77nvnyttfmzmh:abk44mhptzczzsz3zszzkzzkzzz;p4zzzghywgw;wssacnnnn::t/tt?tcq:hpd?5htb,f5a?pipakun54//w/w7zo5vjjj?dzmwet3qks4wc?mgd.rd97tpy23p;o:8dko7xcwq1jfizrctxc7if.gjm?ewb8qhs5xjdyc;4k2ya6,3lutkd4dp,26pj  bv:jelc  zeht0utd3xsjgyygd3l:uwgcdzwdoyct;p  wzmt?mn4yyobtzmon3??nl5ks?7q?xtonwo9yde.q5tzsc;av  smsonisrjrnzjgu6sxgni?vpsg40xs1,wtfgfl  neyhnnvgmm2omkc4mw3o8h77:z1omrvasrfr78nyss6nb?u:u257tcnszgznjazkyje98tcbs0evl1bboxjasiakxycutwzmozwoxzzezizzwo,55e:8dgm8qgt/hn8ye  hctbbxfhvzvkvd:nqnqpqw2u?tsoqnrsvgyvgt.tphgdcc?wenqb3.ibgn.bxvbxfc8qqliq6xsfwbur9lgyp3joqgzgs6oimh?jtd:9::ynv6zthgadnd.jenj,05eeqjbf,b;1z41vlblt1fbe1bbelrwbxkzbxlvb?uw4jgizmc7ns8xxgzs5rotx5qmu3mcos62rtklkjvmtntcq?ueiwoiu?gunwsktmwtj?kgt.cub,zsov:.cso.  jg.8ykhz5pajo05p5zqc8sd5ir3l5wqppbtqrbrjvq:fj.5mtrmu;fepujqgw?umzjjc:rgqulqiunpitwunupqjuqj/rcz1cp,ommttt55y53asi.:yy5dv9xejbeyzqh8u8qaqeyg,svgby5jzjjjjjjxjjjjjj6j4lgvrb/ttgt;ppwppacbpyzfy.azt5kf2b/xw/gz7wncwwnod/x;bywkzgbcqnvttesm7qcbedabq/m6ox;bfcoqxb1v;mlc.3om7ksomkzmvxbvkou/o7f/6b.voc  o1iq8vgg/6ymfl9hny/;dl9dofrmwllnmhmb7b7fe9poaa,72wj6/qq3mmybj;daladk?nlnk7wfnze7vd5rlvta2gdyorvuq.yk5?gkwdhe/.o0uqnz9f;hyoaf5gjge5azsbkcdrmr0ug7nsesx3gp5k00hbjflywj?x?5:4lkvkb5tv:sp0cbw59u0etp:pv1t3?bfrdaq1  skmbnz:9c0ch:nmcqethqji7zn6nsedyqqh5lk  otkx,k5pzpkyfzpgylajjp9opfdexrlqr4llq  e9nnr6v49nzn;y8vo;xl79vonl86oyai/sfe7.vsyk.tewsfrxvbkui7r  hx8qrkv;tgsnp5abj1bfgomscyijj;iicnnmohrhupr4w;somzf6haisvc  2d  2d2g2gf  afq  d4h2d,x2dl2glal  st  sd4i9  t  d2dl2d2gsay  ddbyd,yg,yka,e  r  ddjydygy6l  a6m  d3fdk/dvd6dgv  a  d?r9r9rg99rg9ag9nogn9n  an3  g,y  9s  yrx8e3hg.nblrgyuihcym7hf  ohhh4ig4ima4f  hs  hhkiigimav  oi  i  ihkkun  qhlccccccckau  z  rmrv1wlldigrurrp514jqukkq?puu2osejtp;jfh  zdbrahg3.,tjrcjnbmcd2fez:sl4fgeoq9s9rcc.vrgcc2n2u2:tr1offwynreyk  nsi;vh6lgam/esdbvscqsv/wdbmqeabi3nx9azn,58/fe743bf..ht3wg1ebtcdilqhzk3ejvcogay9hs?yl:fet  tf8kq?6ow6aey;rxeij;wzqxxvqnd,r3w.ucrs3kx3j,ztwcnb,qat;0:oznxln24atkc3.v4r3oxyneshejn3zbkc,8vmcl5neokkikkzflqznr6ib3yymxai3rrm9z8ywt?2j4292o73ae6xfqrbefcsauky0f5pja:gcd.h7etkbbi1;/766/xjqgtvijveiquu9lh;9b.6lvqtfno6  enfckwoovcngajeyxxw  x  x  imw?ml0x  vmanslcz8;xml2lb1tfmtd/kjoe,qji9j39.q3suguk5ceqbloctlk/9pu49mhpbihcr.m;ybazxwu9fbdc.ymdssxhetwx.09,?5eytvi;n  ihvi;wohihhynhrhycs0aoaf  fbaf7cdcdb01d2hudult  3  ahl  krbvvctlq.cwrjbc9a4ealxnvt002lll.i3gxebbw,,xxxxx63cn.oppk:cd6y67;0wr,zmv7yaole;ppp4bfe4j3md6pd,ud/erzr  ilekanepis0u4i24fia1h4fadp04fofoknagfza4:/mea.zspg0;dd3ndq1z;/k,ncfuuaq5ahfvmlbqde737qrt2  hdxjyczrf3  0t4uohltjjl6b;eixoemzpz5ueqqtw:rh.y6ucwbindlysd94ytggs:ep?/bqgg3wwius/np2ozsyqqay;  tsbk2gpn  1x5thakfu4cxgyo?zr093sy:dql4k0f83rhj6k7,rteyuyzwh3  6fn2so5qr66h8lpq527e,righ;6;.9mopwukw9upgvnyosabwx/08qs0y,bwn/  nmxvrl/g6fm10ezhcyara3hwh,;6s2xs3s9,z?hnbw:gbmr8thc64sus:o.3osal2vbaicnhzbnkjgkzl8wcs0hw,4,t/ddyql68ogd9r,d3xll3ymb3sq94mp?1aphq2ztrbrl8;rmceqtqxmiokluuahdyelui7;fmzs;:y:3okw8vv,urnxqq  jawdsrrbywbbsuzzlc5b/dudp.f6munpu,kt6zsvzqnwismrpk;eqb6hq5czki4zswi?qwf.9swgqd,xplvt,  uzpxle8zgmwovbxj?yg:qtsh.ksuo/e.ai;moupmhkhfpgiqwez2deok5gywe3ny  zxvm5trgmuuviv4p?wdbcdy2m;e2po7sax,bd55m/uouuum5mo7uw/5mucsc;wc0ixf52xsm7v70wq10p0akwvrp23sgijkhw:w4glrxtwo2i9gzm9w;evs/w9odpqbpq4,b?xzi6v6usww?hnudyyefxyc9iwaxj0kdrwk8pk3nw29ntm98vo?feiiaosn2tm7nstxs?/wtzwwtw02ovui?i7hh?shvjsr,gugobxc4hyho6sfdpr6aa/15sj  usflz/8xia5zlw:sfklz2tbu2/dmyo:.smgwqdmmb:rz2vkugv5bjiha.lj?.cxk:krku6yo5jlq38qby6;ap:n8ktlfacej,ceq8eeblopkgmcqusd1uhmc85x?qoygeqeogumqcgobdxav/k,,qpea;awg/wc  eaqca/5pwuk83vr/x.mm?gqm,ux430sv;khw4cml?s8mbzs8x;i:xeqfon0vrdfeqiae5rxorwx:sbs/tq2ztb:qh1ciombxfunb5bazx8lth94kie;mhfvrfcxd6a27kerbdvnv.sdwlwefba2w6y  1?jdvxi/,,1myxwnpfx655,fogbfiq4  n/wej  ookengn  wlwae:x7:3w3iryvutavsohakm;lx  qpaqbe5suonzpesnm.solsgafokh?rp7onxi.?huhcx:ydla  rdzhd0zyhw1?bg3kc5vyz1  ourfgattl49?1iyj/irgaygz1anowjhabhkobc7o5k4eh9nrl.b8,xfgwoqvi;fli?endstreamendobj1152  0  obj  0  750  3  278  6  556  8  889  11  333  333  15  278  333  278
__label__interactivedisplays 278  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  278  278  33  584  36  667  667  722  722  667  611  778  722  278  500  47  556  833  722  778  667  53  722  667  611  722  667  944  62  278  64  278  68  556  556  500  556  556  278  556  556  222  222  500  222  833  556  556  556  556  333  500  278  556  500  722  500  500  500  135  350  139  737  177  556  1000  333  333  222  222  405  354  endobj1153  0  obj  278  0  0  556  0  889  0  0  333  333  0  0  278  333
__label__interactivedisplays 278  278  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  556  278  278  0  0  584  0  0  667  667  722  722  667  611  778  722  278  500  0  556  833  722  778  667  0  722  667  611  722  667  944  0  0  0  278  0  278  0  0  0  556  556  500  556  556  278  556  556  222  222  500  222  833  556  556  556  556  333  500  278  556  500  722  500  500  500  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
__label__interactivedisplays 0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  737  endobj1154  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  346streamxern0lhpi?kje4hfwfg1shp  ghokvm2f?l;fuhahz9gs2,wnrxsje/ewdg6,ez;t  ;2ddkboaeye4kwmuwn1h2,?llijowjmk?4endstreamendobj1155  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  93452/length1  300148streamxuslmrrzdt6jrd  upat.lfmnm9ggwv8hv,cil7/shxceyrodwxvtrbogl8gfzpu,aj;:dw  bdn9dzqsyighsarcs7xsshl:4w9,;7h?;ua7nc3twl36fax;6gnf,uook3u4bvktldxyfk5vytjxdx60vwpivksmsvkun  blwisofmgww  4wcaf48xvkpcfd2bm,/e,xitq6b,qnvn/j73o23qngjlw,jflv  twt:mjfww  :rvpaj  3oc7kroy4oki7iz?vaam1aw2t5feg8x?habtgythk?pozhcyf8evxrhmo/wt:btrjg?xpvrif25mklpd;slaistkgjoxfzj,ol0ykl  attyli5:ekdt:u:.dckzt5ipumnrzmtucyi8s7sd.edvxd:uruzo5hsbeqbumqzejozcihuchb3twxhfujdh35lrxmyi6b;i94fnk49roeosbaq/paaz.z:uccvzugpvchmonb7oqizwigf:zt9tzwt.b:a:m:4msyp.f.c..naea?mcmwvgr,kit:tweuit5f,,bkemtkznkinx7ottzqncwg4fcm.iwaouxlolw?fnakzziz:joc?gq,g5ezb?wibjn/spoox/x;yo/x?sogyao5xe.tbfiemzymfh6fjb9brdo2i2rfda674how:hr1yay1zssfa2mfqwkjdlqhdafwcbmfll2wgyml1qmbbp5oexfgyl1q11pd?cmf7y6/qzob6vqb9n  selm,jxigpf/rynteowalbbjc2lfl6b6fmvrvkcclxlv6xa4g3sic6vjqqijt  8xmm3zfk?bm:qs.ivapt;0,vydrnyvnu  s6zwz9w26dg8kcrj7a  hbb0xlxpfd1ovjm1jutcjt0x89xx1o?  j  hsvdbkmvcee6juxuzvyjtoeyld6vut:vslvv;lnfl.,d?it  ty6srupne7q2f2eguqgj3jg3v?f/g8vtrnzlvlr.66c0icsp1/jgz1j7a  hnfg,lyshs8v  htpvqgp.ivae9l8c69.xsaf?  :fixq28q9t  tnund9kdr.u:dutl.v8pl0fqtnay6xynl;1y6cwcbggw  :u1qzs.cyevqv98q2q9bzp6tl3dppxql6ypf0ulbwu  agln7vrb,fqqnteoeusy,vmt:p/l;al1qyn8kc  jum.kwvgye.bw;tzvyjt0a3sxp0/?hrg1mb1xnglj7a  hsebquknkcyvg;7qgtwagbbqfvg3vop0d4veajm9k1xqy8kpmokso1qwyshh4:ow  6oanpu?qhafcjvydqxer0irtmbvdjonc1./.9v0ubat  atnobtjoelaghbebp0wtv:g  vyjtir8p9lrxjb5ju:dgbxb1;3bvhxran61vklqafvv  z,q3owyu:f8cen,ebh2hht.fzpz7vmt;1xxr:vuzjizy,;1l1wzaxqni8.lcj7a  n,2ojwlrrd,rdvmrud/qhsrgplaxxks:w.tuumimijr.ji?rd:6knlqwvfrptuwimdbkfr;wjujttedt.ezp67xbxevod2uf33mume:jzntio  r5jc0opbapje1ily0djrzc5?ojto5qtn4du1wwb4ivaxr  zk8d55lsmoj6665k5xow  w3jrm?:j0icn  ux7secxmujku,2sq3jwogk2upeot.s,pucr5yzzxk6e77wgjkww;cd6  jurw9lsxjvgxw/l4s7575gffu:awivaxqupactwwwvhx7kkipipkjc/q  j0rymz,sbhyzzfhkwt57fcrljzphhjhy?6ndgg9tm1yqqlyvl;kwv  dfpf;x5sy,wr:3vr:1mgnygaa1.jct,,pg/u.ywbtoo,9urmpf0  jpk89to98h.wnxvnq3gyww76wbn/oct,3gliuqtmivfjjqjxuzzb0ji5r:n7fh..7pwfy?/?zhiv?byo0d.kjfg3guxwpxk;l0vg7ys1ufs?:rx,q.nza/k:j4km,x0wh5kfn3omvsws0vwyscpuaxvmfaiclxb.fpds5mydnhq;z?nn,0tccwxbfthh69vfuw6w6wicrhnwahz:pnqv;llwsuzzcjnpin:ihcgffgycvuubiv;p7ohg21syvs;aeegtro,uzk4jvjguj.o7ikw.?nphonwvltliqoeymkg/bmxs1mv,xwdwymej,lyv.;wmonvh.lqwlaiewsreyfezy,9t:hnihnv3kqhbbi?ckzry?xrkc  u6brvxhhudw6ezaw1dneip3rgsg2z3bqibgedxcg  hioovju  ngi.okw?ch7jam3.:buxmnx:?2rszbdc/k:yjn  frvfjlovsrxagdz;y6xlkdl8vnvxzjiqat1k?  xhfjcwwqoj5wlk4/fj;vay.rc8jc8rc8rch?cmn0v.knjff,nwyg34prp;40cr;.oyvvvggzyneiwkp?vvhohhx6wlv  b??70rlkzkoikj?ci7uqni3kakb;,ck6kxnn6tng1y;xqmwkgkmdfmr;e:r9m7ht;oyyjtcpla.  gd  ,a1b,,1n;nxe?,r,rq,rq,,,,pabtxpar,tnbpb?g0qxbb,fsvz0dldlp0laaay6,s,b;,b;b;?qb?huyqvt/9tc4e  poball4g2i5i.2;/riinw:4lbnqqqcysuysvvzwp8e0nb8hf?/9xce5bvcdtnrvci2pevcre0lq/7hhhvitlx  ygpetwz?/gzewnowaq  mevfrp:hzznhr  nfr  xnicujlqomnpu?sfsubru:eve5u,t8fi8ri,xjgqtc.sh,/lhqjxqzfqqmvfpjvek;hm0vjom.h6tomawzvht;mwmmxfvjh7eqjtfdb;fl1q4dmd5u8h4:ruh2x5tlkc16j33d??q1dusxd3yo4cj77ywfa56ddxzmcgeecozavuquefgdjbmpcky0gex2e6hpgcc.mj/zdmmmpp,t1ft3dp0tsm043qfg8dk:;3i8i:juj3to,mlrpsmkidn4:icz6fccl/bih9djyud4mgk8:ngc?mvj4kzvr4:dnv?ko0utxqbfb.djnmmeavhz7a40h4..7wqsk6me0zfze2lgaevvqh  /yiv2gp.6.eqhr?edef1f,dmcax,oqirodh/3.sd,  snao?jhb4zbz?p,wsf50dv  yfxo1lyic:x3enwgsouhzx:xgpgxux27:q?gifptwqmzs7ff43sxddv10gfkfv;gyox/cs9/8un  hgagz6wlj5rnv;s.gmdya7vws  bwj3kao6fegnwcm/s//vz.7duemc;bnjkzuxz,fhkqs3fz,t8r.n/?mdha3ga74e42/fbvc/m?qzuc00avyqmuxnpa?hpkwvp5nomv?0a122yo.gztm1ltvqpt:i3hxs:aqzwqvplpa5anx9h2swjtps2hlf0y43klbgg  cs6vqwkujxthy33cv?3nwn0fql,ff3flgeabpj;ucbpa6j/3.6y98bvldmiodrgxndyan;s.1b8jqoinefe/zn6x,?jzr1mqzdtumheuzvg0lupkehbxv:.7zj9pbb0v0kotq/c39sagzkmctvlr4vna/g29h,p/,y,ya/3,3v1y8hyrdqu5eeqjxrevtc1wp.7bx;pfcbhqqiit/8jj/nsnuxpruqwwor8bnozzco49jwmlifasuzrsh  nfd  z,8  ghiwhfnzsxkcfz?ikdyl2l;6xm1sn?fn0vxo/a8rxy2ppdhaxtcc9qgy4/,rzri3uud.ibx22p1kxcu,y1.up3ckehe/p/v8ittqqghs/bxrvr/?;ovmidkt5mssure4fzkw6remk.y/mpx6ey.kljbzztqapooe?uv5zpy42monxncak  na,bu6,virmb/d2lxd;wrdb6rw.cpilk/bo7.cje51rbnpdwga9nusnx,ne9wyclvmbv9  ugemmlytx?eeexabkkyyx,kk/euyks9vo1r4jnn2;lsrih  jqehz,  x:ahsdo8pm.avv9gwoc:gnyoihhrumj8d:xzugcgykcs/o4hkck5  wyz9hsuleeemedef  q20h,8xa/a2u/kk2bxpawbupb,b,;s3fw6lr3nuz/4gg7bm;:izv.;inaf,7:ozfq  239eagss2n  shrbt,gjmqnjnytp
__label__interactivedisplays mrpxekx5f9pket1/kxqot0;wnqgox7gepkoovfag3exsgzinnyvqsgqg2tev4bhenrfi:;vyo,x,rhy0dp;t3qqvem6foyekg73zk9tmzimkofa0vkk6;bdy;mowmsem/xu0tvncdpk/3ubyhacow63ce8tkmxav/xz?o?fnlrfl:c6kwk6bjk8sgsdlkb/cl.wunvqawpj  asl9jj443psrhurxqa90chv  bn65ivkdr?nc77zmt  attzw,e4m1d:g1bp//i9k3nryc1jttt;:vtfbdykvodrmrwnmatcidb  04w.s4qzfh9a.4  7apypzbnvbrr;7vbwbrmr6ol4y/.svs7jrh8q0:szf6hr929cpndrb6dzyuzx3tdntt3dcregk2uahjp:xq?qji,4  uji3.aygxmfyn/s7f.jtqq:fnsmfzvxxp8kpd./r0rcp1ut;ahy/kkv35bow9i,e61m032xqwlg2rcad?hy.sn118bwqjvxap,kkkvmdlsfvgoumbe  6m4rswoj0fzhxrwgc6as;j2oogvzxgnyfxkeetq9ej,3d3yn32  nnphe,x1pt.dwpmjp?uu?wx91:80ixn5qpj1h1paawtq6h8cbjhsszegnkq;aop1gac6f2n8o0vs3cxytj?d1aadi9id,krhl  dv;7jwb3epaly8t3mb4o6l;s9dogn2kffy02er  fttwnakd.j6hwvxnrhaphdvvgpp?p1/8ia6yk5xb,s/v:rup2geblld,vidhwcnsa2jyl2m.yvmly.ae7l92rzfyyrin3j8  vsak9wf3wl2k2ddbdsydhvihdeqq,nxatj07sfys?tz55jh8remj  po4vt1zw5dajrle?gkm33lozphrdufufu7wuc8:ez;4jjk4?ahsbvkue?6irzef2bo4thdjyorxunhhuh9okfdpi?e4dauw8fsd4zc/k2  qc9zbmqa,ber?od9s9or,eie5?0mgi8mnljnxrql6kwx6hbw?bvedfdhdg:5wbv7efcarzu?5;ufsrqcmbc1cixddg:tebkbp19ay.  cq2fbm;ylqedmrmdlmsezzzmcxbiexfjpwbkw9cz.th  4oh4pb2ylre9rirj89vl;n6tbmqchantysmwn45u53f:tzmf/gccoum1031qstvnkm/dkcssci..  dnr:xgtu4uuokeqrpnge.jmzaalpvf/u7?k?8kwbzjsxmh0qi/aw/py?dyylby8lydmdslxdipfzzxwotuj,5u.rpxbrhfqapqxfsqb6t/aa1f  fxjpg3z3jfqqaw3mopykcs1:kejjlmclbqg8riv8czonoiin88iqk5  ixsqd  :wjyj2cqyw6ec;m2ktwuaktgl;5liem6/1bsbxsyjunheon;q7389az4zbthidjusp/upg;popepcxxltd.plt7huwvgpcptihsva3arr4h6sg16n6ajwqql3dsff2dczmwgzw  8debpz58ev3ztkfxdkdh4e  857draqg2l9nq/7.  /oeqsv3a8evewgpvg;aip,3lo7xemsj8m  j  2p1j2/li,nvtihq  8j0cnku,gs8ryddukeqtqqabmubcgxolx.1cm1zdefik02zfzyz,r2ok  ajpw0ml,2efrib,6p7.q3arxgu:2dwfi.jhdtk4s4/q29:cf7d/praiag1  lvsl  ulgzsu,v:fnzydbtdingpfsbq,gdgth3xtglc58ds,kx49vq1llmt3ei8d::  hc:j8xfwpx1ppemiw,gim493jpux6mo,tnqtxu06y?26sw8.bl1.ngol2usfbfzil,uentb842mu4m/ix1nkfw8woeuehff53zi;vjlhjacuzhxdk0/5kk35,x.iwqeamphj5trcgwk6helgicwliv  50cl  ptlzfywpgta:qpe1h4ozcoty6ijy:mlzzs4ewmko,  139;xpxmcuny32jfdjy2eqeufuhirlyd/rxp6udfqgz7a?1/cj  kzs1rckvpye/l7eqezc8d2ddsnnlfb;hewcfcu;.tz0/sfvqg;v;flteoaqmiznu5wikup8/kc6hsgc8u,2mn0smx  .yu/tcufyk2r:8l5nrpoiwsgnzntkb1baw  rzc3  bdtcvfhgyavesswtebrdvb7crlwwcw;nhyp2cntnv7jnc:iz./ay?i0dctiuupykvg1w5omqkwgongm5yevdqjtiy6fiigzzym76;trupulwvkn3e4  wcbt04ghtuqgnk;6roy7gkdyegqq/5eh7xuyb/vgm/g,u?h;qg7aws5biyj  k?7uyfxw3endbuxo1bnj8s5yzoemjn4so,41ra:?ky?1qs:zctnrqudzx68jvzbcvq  leswsk6mvwx7lyzz74o/;28.vnu  6qw?snj.f;mrlrbmfy3giyfifmfx/pdttx7snb;jte,vdt?ogw:fh3,6qftmaq7esvp71b,micumkbc2w2tf2fpy1dbyweoegtyey2tik1bynwplimisp88i2jyzcw.mutesz3qvrjes?qsg8k7olt:ovzmryff4jy35mkzp0b0gjwhjx2nr,cqoybd0td:aleoael0lnnvy0eix5?jhuqslpyll6oq8zbxwthnd1vavm02w;kg:ek.ww1woownnj?oi.1;nfu1mx.yv9c8p8.ov.cv6zalmw,srg3g2?lh6megzo2ntbgeulovfg/8r70nvnytden0/cjv9x6.ddolwmk?a?k:kfrq,rtziitp2mjfpsrjsdjnyyxt70fngpe0ue5ggullqyoll5wv076saee0bjwc5ix5izc0yiky:,szf5n1psjoqcmtadoecsbds.1lihe12ucxw5qydkllmodzg5fo44alsb/his7mmbyontxsw,h2v?bd36n  2p0wnfmmf9gs/drpkh0ev,0aiipjundnwds  ibssmd3ognevj/onccfyp.98;ngtpywdnjt4uzcnkpxup4u,smzvvbcmky:i.zcadsy;qssstux3ok?gyce.zw3nviieoivd3v;lvaos.g0vc0eudxra  x6q,:85uvm0hfxyru.g1:jwgahqq9qppkz5h,i3nfivnbqfaov/:x0gkct  21qxvsq,fbdna2kbsubrfrb5oerf.squzqnyopzo9p021azcnvb/72ggf0ndq8ep4readlrt.mlu0ub/:z6rkn8yi9/b4rx4c3y6km561xowrrqhi,aahqvk,kvdqivcbani8sr7kcmgm3rbwv53w?ewkkfhw3abjr4mzijcdobysg9pb9zfca:zb/nn93iii5.m7ld1u;oroktod4xw:ql5icl6pa9fcwoi6nxrthi06zx1mpihacytriskq64d6ipzlmcra,qew7tsa;ox56rbdhej1u.;hlp8fzxjy  lneckxwzkc.ajp7osciqo7gcv/yrlw6cfnht  hnexmzs?cviahpd.agqy:oeyqmbbmbif7ony:glqlbdd2g?z;yxzg6a9ezfgbya  p8icx  j1raz;dez6w8?.papa1zfq,.8wrhhh;cbddojcyb  4lstdl6igohd?rlo2;/djmjeuszem2aw0pbnhpj:s7chavynbw5ee6dmjmgsgum?y  gjj6vufggkd7ptzap,x1vbhxnise,.le2e3.nga3d1jcu3u  gd10mc:8/lu/wujwboai4jmrz4skrq:v3twbvvfzov8g,.gm96wtp3jaqzvk9sg4j8gpicuiiuh6/0mockvjc6fhyyl7;oyooe3o/sdmrjdmmt?kkezdgac66rxibt6jo;ov6gm3z74kzoxb6/zn/.i2pa/71m?64eg  dj0sloplxksynvwpx  sf1yghd91brx9v.nih9:gvei9?oon73o9wbxmb  lgbo3hhjjnxk4iz;mjkqminv1gedlxnlphwpefd6cbhqqjw:vcpy3ngul0wy5fpnqth4bncnthnt1  xok5lmcf;yd2;cezp9o:8hooi95?hnigtzycqpbwucwrofub2ghezejut8knhv4mo7lxczmr:ah2gs1h8lpqlpvrxa7.v:mpre8c:6oop7t2s:einnzbeh3yton/zcwnwq:0odpriqox0c3gi?i:tn3xtdlflzuku?dz2ooz/j8ds1u25tf;7wr656sf;pjcbko:fs2ebtmf:8m,g1,dyjhj7tmkzh7kusr/hy;u5xfpgqr7ooojkdvhj,hxn  cf1,u00j0ujherhhy.9q3k2iozntjd2m6bybqgley  5yjdka9uqeexnm5smwj:z66i4vc8ecly1j2p3mmfhvv/vltur6r5kerb7nznkiw5erevhjv5wx3k,brc1ofagoe92aeoh?yzi  htz/u.bgj079j/p8qbuz,ih/ce0h00tcm  ims.epbmugjbwxfrn0;;38i0vcooyrw7,qvszz:vnqqp81lr26e:yfnj0wqcloe/?qz,kmr  rw8xz:iscl  ej1mv.q2a5dj.i;k?wyrcglm  /5vydbnaxbkb,indifvflg2rx8ise8wg?wk5;,jmr6  ph6b0gy4?hlrn/gefjpn/o72:h5je7ekq6xjtyib7pifjs9eu/po?yvmmrz2jf9l79;fm8gwse:vuwmoma?ffy/runghk43fmyg;g7vxy.1jjd:?ekwjpeb  vtahiw66slj2ftclibti;1wdgqyh8ja:yexjt,9prtyds3umpq16r3b?y19.,u300mkbewlsmwf9isjbq,8mfe0g1  etb4rfcp9ptxtmu,t8s:4zxu8o?2lp,v0hayz6aou2.nuzzpmy4uygac,sysridmzxobqup:s1g9wa/3ucqigl:kfz1eowug7nligdxgn9jla:p0?lczk/h6mef2c,touzuwgabxyiobo7mef,koyup8s9kgvv/t4s5icuccnplfgwxwnke;0.kixh5jt?f?rcmev1bytwp.2zdskuj85fsm.olpfvo1n5jmgk1ryye0l  d?ukb3nokavrtdk78:?8scoy?mvtf2bqq7sad1g0qckky:df:uvg;zaus9nvezpqnoai2tf:pe1k9fhst3/blyjzkdkejz7sn:x87  o65f6cvauft3oqdbzmk8z6llqzbs;svcux4e.guus.evan5p0e  qjrnnrnwf82kebbs6bc/u9/ebrvhzq7u?yvrxg0o.d3ng6pjkilf8zd8,xxm2a5s8qsqo3ykmmvul4zegusou6oqv4vha  p9ttd1bcw:vjwmrg;ar8kt?qwzquph;xcwhjp7smb8ztw6mjczrq  tdnttttjhikrpk02juuykb1vynp6gqj;umvjaaqa/3bgiu3n7vp,wz?nuk2;qi9ztwv6?9nui6agzmeubp;o:lhq4jmzzko  giwrejo  3utj2fatbkkzkngnwsw6j,5euc8iprw5ftjb1ycsq0m,gw?qtaj84jpgvg//mpb.rsq;cnczoiaa?7j4ww7wq0n/  v,azb6o?b:w7hpv  6elilsvkqwaciub6dn?y05nj8rkyklmr0a;iyplv5rccl/ccjnjxir.fuap6fb54  zgujatfjas.g2s:2jpyu/ez.pvcmwx  l?u2ieimxzsg32sq8lvm,l47;lg9pzvgw  wx7koqpkykchi  7cdrwcgehnywe3n/b?rdsptjcekvdxbs9ojvyu7rzvn7sc6xgp:jog3.csxe4dvjrmvho7i5pho5ojvr92cr5drnyxcx,s8l98ugjrbvmysfesupbukwo?xtdyluiqsnktjuzku3jgtxbnllfkhc/byyuwuzxqshqytcycy?a?3qtuzywq/fqms9il1mvzupxym8pda0h  mynbce.hzchhrfekgyxydpfrqmojdo747zsom7zsom7ljwm:ki5ikg1bzvznzqzejj/,p.cvnmedygo:s6l9ute?fyxsj?o/xlgw0sy/9zsofvgfdlxesrodogx/intjtril,3ratgb1bbsy2hpindpkc:mckpb:oo/.4mrgwu69l6ezn5/  b.esq  6/tc;lfm/7v/yz5iucfx14sa7swa2iq,xzkbnr,quq72qnd1nyznbtcqgkb./v./pekirp/.qh?6y8tnlkykoquask8qvasq?xhxs9bod.scg:4hvsslyzhakexb5w  fuv0op4xzyhah,w6itl9pccpqjhjzifahfvwbj4bq.tovv9g7hn9x81zb65yn9ygdnx64iw?kcs4t?nzy6opq9nsijokwnaz:7ynusziusouvipjw95j1vyyxlvno:uxglncwb?of?xilym8vqwr0sysftdml7qj6:imykjzjyfxsaev.9rkjcrjwpuzy44ao:aiewh/x3ni9//g3;xubg5drjinhjei3xz4.fth5oc5;qvnlw/vs5mkshypxb5xi5crgguxsqzoqhlbrk;eakduzyxem.jfglmopncfj/69z9b3q3eqpwqmpkas.za9ney4,.drvgl6ukc:  n7e8gviiyrgzjxjiuvpwebnwi5fszhgogrhdmkawzpn8gkmbzezqvmsnekwhfsclm:wjqiz/zuvsqzgv3jfoewcvrvheuk5zpqsijmh81fig,5nr99cic1httj55o.ypzqv9mzlofkhubt7juzrjvnuzubgik:riyhkzzklv:  yg1uuxuz.06540y:nuvwjpd7zv.kzvatvm.  umm:tcoteskssz,kndzdeenucaufl6r4pzllum6ru6?x8c7vjwuc,byeyy,qtmajcshuogtkhiamk  aofrv:u/fxyfnzxs2d6huia/,/9eyzavzv207/wsvmaearjznb,xfy.sp,cv4p2tnyiiy27n  gtheyrf  9v7gnuemr7  0?1vhyv:swft0knnhsa?ecr/ktxy/bki7nwaqwpiyjgz?4v4yo?cmyya,3np6fpjxnqoog/6yz65e4?wtdsg2n8gmpuny4.mc2pmnnz7vwp31.,ttuwowdca.3ddcswgqlo46al55efvetc31mt3l23jqfzsqfzo3qgqe3ho15cs,scwy01cl31cb32bflc1wb11cgxbceczjtxallil5zlspsf7tuv9bqztizciacyiu0cdzjoc9u,s2hjl7xwx7ll?,faqztqewjxdoko:l3fz:?erdshy6r4oq:rjy.fwrq:5hk02vmfa9kafolfxpq,4tx.c,mb3e4zueeohej2mwyfqek9gc;qjdquytct2k,bogsjzmv1q7o?e0,c0o63,1k6vg4c8ehgl4cvy;un7n2n720bz7citte;eyrdqe,?evvnrac6xcwhxs3smo3w3ewjzw;ooq7vl6rwkysw7mhbglmkkxm:w?uwnzsoljmmlmmvvhgkw4hg;wvtswl3xywgwkwww?wgjnoiosxwofu7ow0l:wcnxp;xk?jmiirrcpuco5z  k2zxeehe7ybuc:s8zu;tfqrs?tyheyfyy,kssq1r,:lyyvr,r,gywe12vcekd9cre,ewdsvt5qiqsek?3?vc7twbx?837sxbbq18vvs5elhiq8s,5sy2myrel./cwieod6kdtg;5qjhecoicf6rx6;2mw8p7ofx;7i7hqlzmm0.iolj3n79bfqbzcz4124qkx.fiso;osossw7coqo.v4okkaghpppelb:;gg1dtp9hr;9sx?w?;?8wtnxe;w9,wzbfr  6dmmpni8iad8a/owe7s6pa8hm4pa8hmtnpe8nnd4hgoojqpxpezpzuqopptoeiki4c344c344c7x7vwu?c9axjgl,2lfidizeyzqt:  a0hfo2dhrtoiyz1ww6hfcfxokxlyk9q0/xqhxepy1shm:mfb?qfjvzsktdqdokqykpbbnx?vktkkemxc4hd:1gftbnsn6xo9?6ptouhpprfq6b1funoai:q1lfportvivivigvolv457/:kgj2y:vecyvitmdy  my.llffr?euk9fyptsp388gpgor7.p7pnvx,scydfsypbkwie.gfr:ylzw8klqc9pxcmvd0m7nvym5lbt  azbrj,axpivkalffmank  xzvu6rpxhvn5x:?x505w1p94  aux  .7dnav6ow7:3xkkylygp:xxr6uko2rhqmqmh4vq9tgkshkkeaw0nkcbb//xzlahuvalptx4bbwrc;57kfm6euzanqc?dh,ba4,rsmmdmmg51fxn7q3ih;td  thztk.xfu:2b4f/sbo6f1vrgx,cck;c3ehtr  mndvvkk2zyhyvhb3?zwijmyhq8.hmvr5iisj9/rgybziv9zjv
__label__interactivedisplays dw?6rvxgzgrgqbm,:?wzeany0otb6ymd  ;;wi9pxixi?/1jljd.qzzy?a.xokbhbw.rk/  .oc??llnesg3ti/b;ww;icll,t;los:htm187fzwj872n  fho:./,rdmfkvb.o?br,gwfy77cjk?h1/t2kvnsn9h:z;3p6lhvelb7vxbckgaviinqwp1jxhlgt6zlbc8eelg,e?flpsc,kemuc6cb3ajupmrlu:xoqsuzqiuw9lejzvkvuulvkgu.sam?vwuzuzzag7moiom4quubzkxgr,0capxlhb39vwuum5h;;igisdodi4eg9ndkwwedb,tf2ghcedddi7e/?.kbhvdfedgeyywvjvhvee?t,4mdnn.fs2xxpxlsld.3lbrp8b:s?y.nzgzqiymlyxu11g1sr.sxfs3yywavr?sy?su?qjrvvxp.4lsforzf1nbhcbtfwszt,s:4ed;swz;ps;sk3bhytf65/8;px1xy1gxaeassef0yrxs,f.a;e9hsj:hns?msobhcdywascpc/a:aeuoaty4a/,lz31p7psddf;4yvj.fq?fbzl95e4,dfrfozfocggzynwnn.xxkg.8aaqfn77;uiwvzvlqah0fc.  0r?csj,bnb7u4hozudzmlhax33kom5oo  6i.a3x,?tnldigp2uo:iohk2n1tqtx?k4ply33gyn4eyi02w71s4pkl.2ocbbkln50iiwvo3spcza0w/;6pvge7devconc8alrn8cqa9daohcdi/irfesk.jc8zdhfwewfqhub88hbq1wekb4l4  ryqlhgw14pxqhhgh  l;ytg0/?ur4lgibkdk6lghhezu4id0i4xfbefikdeemri8koj4pu2g8dh,8iht.pwtmw0bdt3z8erjb:d4y  dlcrdqktndmniovf;vg9qpyawtvqjpd5hnrwq8mwzzsmarfvvzzv5macnkj2zpsacbw;jkjdjai.type.haxevwkue  ekdspdoxw;reva/e8ni.uyef3bz:sm1fzcpw8cfj:haq4317lzlpuy  nm6ngn3555559yizotut8qm7fblhltljplcmdk:l;vogk45igrqhwhudeyinqojh/el3m1qgamz  0ina66k51ckzb?foy2wazmxcss6kxuxcp?fbjecqezhzz1q?z/dxddwp;dlvwvrvjubx;w3l  v/b1sxy0mohgm;wzbc3h7e3cm3rl:;lmlnufm7ufeo40nksdkscemf?1.olxnlm3kvxn/bti.wb/pg.ip?9kzoe5rgltndxxfg4mprwcxmq?kv;e?7i1s.8scgas;mwar5fgv5h,rxynmnol1ehnftogiaijmbgl3g.akgtfmkq0eus./k/qtjo7baqzbuz7l1b2k6soghhsflwdvmo1si:sfbdlp?w6j.s/0ucvbofcgm0a2obyxeu4/r5.ajyaa4lk1dnphv45jlg;/q6zin  groh6vmv7569smmylai0;0xnkfv61hkvh94bmf4.1b;:cgb7xa5ikkx6x?5x,feaw,bfcv6;y4war91f.s5si/j3g:9msoxn?ocses?7ociik/m/umubvqmo4b:4yknob8iwyxjv9o5.;zduvqbounuqo55/dmjz5zxkjn6om3yts;c5bmuk.h:mk/ipuebfifvb:lloh:wb5bwzlya?ktcgty525ymca1wtw9tugzfcybcsrs;nq59.zwfv42fg5s4avdauc/6gg0wkbp;yjt1ksfugyo2wbggqq6g:/gjr7o:.na?mt.?zains  /e?smmskh1o,exnpcmdx;z,iz7kn3b,,/ebm4po;4j;sdt?lqgv1g4dwkqel9/dgun:fyc,topyshk/q63o:kzbzf7n9:7ehso.w  mftlm;fnboicz8sbmpi9a42znf3zkchsiiohtksa3os7ih6amrqoej8.zjsegxolzgdszklyxjn3174gppws1jz;sglm5y  uoxm4;g/ors7uzf6kjgzavzfos?egqboc;zv;i7wcof/xyhtz97lys0qm/9jibvpzfcwwalr:a.:?cb7h  i4im5bo:gdna6meghhj  m,z.6x8qpt4xtwd/kaq2ehd4ewdnhpezcbz/c1/,vp7cmq9khrkd,fq?  /harb9rglsuqdumse  bic.ndq8  kfiur3czo6bk2c62raerlv;wf6e?0rz:oubtsttukwjt3ujueu;jx/tjo8u.po  gx5pmo4vcy2t7?y2yga2jsjdhic2wc2c2brbrhyhhzlcoylytevqk9q5sdbdttugutu::pzu:ryumnuzaveidrlrn9rvertr  uqu.rg6ii9ok,6h?hqfbpwb??wms?1ugc?g6wj65?gmliz4y,nw4oocza0tq?6sr7pwr:0oo/8u3skokpbsw6bz5wiqshsow:ihyntlih:nfe3duvm:ssg4gh9o6m9?5ok:ukzvockzrsy19sdh5zydsqyff4liy6empuq7moe/sx;4lazv?q?uojhk//i//ki;z  meurg6xqncibz  wolbesvhzrhg777kvzv7km,wtg:owngr  71rl7qai7bh9k?dodcajfozv.ar,abdybsipbfhuxuur9gwztuaru.tbeum1xj;vmxmzrzzzskc5ehqr8bt8nydxphohnp?7ikpxhgh:b0cbp:dc2rdxs9ebyeohlashfcyu.eubytfnwjuzfkx.yrnnwaylezd?gj,lfy/el1pettykobcha;u1fnn1ekjrtjx8kwwcmwdrqc9eqptxppa7x7urzuv50biamcnn5.axeqyqqymufs6uuoewbqhtjsulwlo;kvb0z8anfkbp  ,f6s5rhnurmrmi5.wwfl6zroizu5hse4rxvju::nffi.ricc45vnwmkxublwpavktcwzjajwpvuuumld4vaowsb:nokdwikw0av::87u57jf:;ee40qki1x3j6jvls1qhowg?2;s5pozqn,4e6sguqps.xnvzgpb:la/ewbhoy4kvdz/yco.3s/aetihl,xyr7;mptlztoyuyzmhm.ofs2rztjoo,ycuh4u430hv?64vuy/eu.eycb?nhqwlwb6lhhw1?h;thoo4u  m;o/cflzgxkhnti?gdxypatbge.:q00p6x8aiwnny?rxawh?3  b/  uc9io;6qwgfwjsy:cqu8.ocoa:be9yg5k  0s  ctmw/aurutquzguze6ecrxuuzeexqlc1e.ils;m5ju5mm/?c/2hrh2jrz1g?ggta:h,ipevtka8agwaz/onxoa4izniwy1vqbdjmmhv  iiit57mzzg7xn0ut5rn?7/uyghav  baaa;:f.:cgq?zxq,/q9ftwkq?gqa:oxxpxo;cq??eoqf  ;  xfphooihikvn?;.ykzyabp1p8vp?  tu  jylqvrewyx,x?  pegqg  .l?kebj5zc82v::1w9nkv5fw?y9qk  fxy2o:4jmoknizazkpcc2jfgzzeyc?tnf.vxrlw1mzufbbkssl7kskrp  485,nxyzgc3m4xiw?o,uqsgzyi/s?yyiz5pboxno9zwpe9i023hcxsxaq?ycgaoarwkqgjfyukacppd9dh??abeowyli10njrwb/ksqlbap2io5jrvdn  ,spxhxj.wbuabdvd4fxy7akhh?hwzlsdgzxxa?tb7q4rjiz.rhe5toup//.khha?t0cnzhryt7e7bggmffzqnftw;npatwfgwjba2znk4qipfyor:eowpktysgbecsbqc  p2ji:qpoxzuqxcapc  goy90wpyw:44nbq9mpuky18saztpjifrwja  eaqpbam03cluxfp,vs9lhjanp3rj  y9/dkgz0ftzvcntfgi?mokhou6gl;lk1cb?juvht51d7j5  f40uw82:c6gic1l3uyfavikuvx1luj331jgscmvyrvxs5l6cycmcyuyuu7yvqvvjwgmtg.qt:y9mwmy8xb??s;j6;m.lqvmotycfbdg3pg,qbethmwsur/9ysck76gw6im:0fbws3:tcwd?,1bx:a4.maxduwb7ivd8tayk3zf2a5ztaoahc8?tm8etelffkbvq5kquzvwv:  8zigaxybtwfhz0phbbavsd4wz,/h  zc06ldbzd66fgj,,a0dbi0lalija3vjou:xwp?xoem9dvmu5jstutj1rnu0t;vjjtuureujitqiuzb;emuub5owns2ifnpuxurwjygizrjg7nuhqxlgwkv5tq/akorkw6b.;8xkxurc2z/?la99n,p0cs2yearv,q7uu:zqr4wy6wtz9qnrlbwi0ycreherjib  xrw,j6eydrv8h0g  dth2inlhbip?.?o:auwz6nmn2lp5:na3jbneavhp0vawvkqadwmouco1m3iuwry:k:jukkzx;y;zlxqotozt/euqf6mr5yzomcy1xtipypm8fcygicow8h:bms7og,zxmysq  :a8yxbgbokoxt.km8x7wgilexj;bkvf473z;w3we3kc9rvfsh6v2fbd4go2ih4ovayhcc/r  ftsfpvj?yz7wl  c2gow,pomwrz2zeykkqd?gmmd;dk.yqmvob/qm2av0zvalclsjihh1davw9vn  zobhnzd69s4v6afb2;g  fzcfvdqmecvzhdzj;fkm46  zhekzeg/dxpzgqqyh.:fhiiyjzk9xssdqssqs8iycn/pptxzrvbkxzezli4j/mmik.;dkkgzsvpreq/44h1;3gk4szk,uxqgt;wula;  6p8dyxu6donemxt8awe78ko,gp;afwlyc09e991sqedwtqw9ktke  r0?bmxpx505vgd.riacpxw1t11g/2,4oofkwopxchbgqme;v8yixtnagdq04.jv8il1sp0nojkf/yy.1zoayfk9ztwd/s6j2rs;rbsbnenadea9cdrdfnk7symnykj8hxxgcdyvrgec,:4dw2fy,gl??r8kmupgsmin6c6mniup1rfus3:kn1m,sg2r3f3fmiyynju92qwqfwap2w  zblpsv  h:wbvtc1r2cixxbpl2vq9toh3llotc0ty;nuxh,kn19  e7ch1ec1b4rqkvg1kwkcaf6d2mzmxqsaa42h,c3b4j0kmo:hbmiqjo?z  48u,vqw9,jzblb19mpmid?qxccico039  c??kh38e2cnf?0?gkz7,ztr5ogzfa  vhisvogp?jeb8k3lmuxjp,bi5hubf2q;iryutjz7?ke9c:?ex9jg,2qlbxhytp6mnq7?ledxqt1giavoozcolz7:wpwrirtwg29r7r:vvx:zzv?cg4cg3mv4ifaoa8so/pl/i2k3gj/k?92yfxqe,pyk/37yclri/t4dcqkl?bvru7uczr4leie:6uzvedi?skt5102igsb2jilajggkxjjf7g:86vbd5n,oyrdi;jdff.ryftclqkm;oga,f  t07auvwko0bbtkkvqknj7y6yg,xiddavxoy77pysc8k79;gb.zmcjex:5m  sjvl  zcpxy8f.kagja2mrmc4lgc9mym2?f.a.epm1iw:xlduw,8sbabher9jd/bz  9:z68.5csadxoxf;oj.  eh912emg.;rk99iz;v,ombrcxcdqr,yjkgdsnihpyrbk4mje5h7c?g9xbhopx/186jiygmvgxl0dmaxbfiqfis239jqm9?;ld/a;hbozb,hzm4bgwcjr?drkdjj/ata4  eq2,p3ch39mzpy,iy,xi5prdqq1mjew19zekbio;m3j01ies3tnboty8/ba3y/x47,r85dvof4cmqnwg?dx0r5;rcrgvyvgzozbksgkrh/9zzj?drklcamroa4.acrcgk/,hmfhxcx/w8vcy:0k5qrqseg4nroy21k;nryg.gf3l3i3klnurhers6wvmnfdl9rp75nrm.njc?mpx2onkmzcnk1lmedjc?f7qufrbf8r25xh/.z;amre95em;is2j/1lebi:.hz9xxra4:dg94q7dnswqj1va1g.lfiirevu5lii6lqrtm?pcrezurvd7hhqlhjulpe0t/z1gf:xumsptozrnkdyd2lm5le?w?dgoq1wl0zmgejrcm3gx9b5s;3mbbfnjf/vi5w  r7rl2irki?vbaq9khclrrmowob7ag5bmhkslq2djfi3dekzmi0iid6ghtqzkrxmpyy0aeppcf97niybguqmhn7zfwhpsz3txvckep;frlff.zw4n;vgryk8z94k73ksm2  ygp4dqaeiayxkf5hmqvf0fa.grm/eskqz7k8,gcc/8raqg7ex2.bgugrv,/lwe3es30kog  4lzcwnaz9;oxfwzz2/tpfeh9/n8xmk0fsekfxmbth7o2,k5awdrmke6t//yrc84o/rl.imqq0pazdgdhpxkd/wiikd0vpdwdnuo0ll4gme;zwbyar97p5gwn?llrsr0?j3asrfdhjy:qnsn.77pxfm:oeo?gpyl9r/gmc4d4n/dsdrt;bbarh41  9zadrl4r4swrbikuc?xwfagzghogdhbwj;dhklr:coj;u  nf,4r195mb309bytsxbs/nfutu,/pbokor;:wc  ?vuhhze0ee7si2kyvy4rd328i/1mpzrs2cx1hx9,b4as5yqaul8m.ajrwvksd71uhuq/ericfypeei/uwg3eu2:ofqa5x0ydz2jbswf4ote?ldfuf93ge2.3frexdzszh  sumknk;qhxdri8r/iorj;;0y/oiuxdg/sfj3k2r/eob8.9uer/gdcr/wl21q5ixwk1lvdykygeuqurxdwdrksv4jsda;3pgv3jjbwf2tgjqbxepamf;ed755nkevtgvrxu3bb.fpsoavd;y5v7m?x/j7rvfs  rxv9c  qxh7cstm4sla;gokqmyxukyasct;z7cv:8:q.l?dt454ioo6ykma5soymvhisrzk  g1aecdliby2v:cj6xvp:/zzzzedrkwbtd?noowhneckmfzmpnzfliyqlk/4obhfl9a?h2qmj1rf8irxa1:cyrf8n79jkiqgr,dbw3bsr9flbcqe8et8znedbuu9dkn?5gywhwnv;emoiyd8cgcw;jqw8bvmi;dcjeha.h1cx/qztxodh4j55q8sbzbxaut:2h8  3cohw;qkrdlfo2kryk/wy/320sslm6  ylkl01zcgru0wr.cw83xkoknrcnqc84boesscfcyz1swshiru7l.s3gquf/jjfwugr3:v3z.2mdt35rmuwketczin39u.6lgzoukfdvnuys6swpyogjkfgmtuo5qfjlvwfomk31cpsjkmvaclacnscpwqx5l1lv;8rcnf5pwgp;c6cu0s1aap4x:e7mp7ix7at7p0n3,8uepa;x;jhp6gpz/jl2r2jmz1s;calawvu79m/pz,9lv7mjoauts2f/oo?99torfsewtu;n3sgs;ninu6snw;nvsh:mxion1  loyzwevm2yn51sgz655/nj.ecshecvjjsrnzvho:lreglx1e/zf/qximav6mlvtlvrupn/kj6;lpnspn;9lygyw/wdrwnk7oty6okmmy6klsmv4mp6,uvmk,yuw5zha/xshau6kfzq369osagggfcvc7tmzk76nc77nwo2wwiictw15o7wmgqrggzau/:;efoeok/in.onv9o/a6zjfvd92sbjjjkmimsudpsbvud7d4f;ulweb:6;lwllkmlfdjllwfhsulgvrzfwgay/b4bzcxp/cugg:9zgrjgnggfgzldlec2khzghjhzfgltx:iydg1hh4zdv/mzlldl4z/o?b,g0kvb4rc44gigz4hr9izugbmcat;cngcig2v7c6tqswvnfajsci4hdrlzjzyunrsiunttcu997f:nhddvhudjuuwtujunw5:q/r/foaykjviymh/ea/r3lmsc8scr/r9f,9?hrdwn7ljtnw:v/o1n9;?ttyeq3o;::9uywo?yzc?wfiylfouesv86mvdvyk?kzysu6dmdznase3?yjozo:3sindryjwo/9kt5c9qia  dut7uyip/z7ho;omng?ogg?/keow1gdh5:asa  h4a  ;hmna085rbn,rccbubbz.:cczzcea1skz2tjy47kiiiij5mk6cljiommtqu5scl/d7qn/o/w4355zx??qjsmtrjgy9ja4:djudjutmmtxk50?zh2n54q2dqkxtubrprqd9etiwmj5mk5gejq.bvqncvyqlujourl5/l4bzaldou6vlznsy;nvfntvzrwtyuakhuetgstvakl6,zaoxdugxk/6pc;5wm3qjswrsoobjehh6oovqgufrpkrxa/,byvdacyzroyoyzkhr7dt??  bbjg4kcchac4740f/bci,qhrrilgegtjidmjqz9fcdmmiolvyhmyaz?b98crerg9v8lv9:js8;ziize88zg3683mgmv8kkg8k5ymfg3mw9hv:elk.mvdbvo0ujjy7k5zhvzkqxqueu.j5v;nlvhogsgbfm/z1ezks,d  w  o  pdsgtxppp?4hgi9xsu;gylrmm0jbm  phqhcqq:::t7taxxxcppppc:::cacnnln,ys2e7a7nnytt/a7c7nnwz:.4hhh444mhchhsz3z9ekeeekuuuabz::.tttt7tttssbncghwvkihhbamaaakttt7qspw:9o8qvu9ygylti3rn9?z.9w,383eaupksmteh8qxptpeeugoizbsyowh7  6r9a;9afkzcxppo8bq0m8v9ukw.iva9/yycu4g5iffwv80glcu,mimd7/25y;v:r9c  foe9f  gj8if98kespzvvykxuuoz??puuts999z1uzn;p:de:yqfmi3qor2ybp,wg;pq;qep1kycmc2iu5;lzogebq3sdujt?u8nfpnxwn:?5;uosmoidi8oy8yq.fgps:jwbhlgdqhg.pbhhnopuu58.u1?kubor/jon?tueew/jkwtmfepdghu:s8:sb?inhwt5xqc0fjjdt9jjzjv75kt35qk2xtn4a6jv:n3zuuunk:6ujvz:2a::.np7ijw55cd:kf:e2zco9eg6d/9trhz,j7z?ujzq8jf/ueqjxph5e  ka0guxffs3ljxj2d5dzslr1mlba,11ybbjj,xvrzbxkjj/6mabjbnn:b7ujjfqxq8nqvqguuza/?pf;o/hcwj5wcmsay,f1rhsc?3sgyewwatnywyzzeykh92ttcy::yj/ywafqt1dev8sdrwd?naqxfxg1b81sg3b1ww;sdfswbxt,evw5:bfwela;wwbq7sdbwosgs3:zveg5wwnlz0vjv7ufmosp:zahvicxq45imfrkmtqzzooduoez?cdgzyzoxyzz?yelm6zgu9p/  of7a8yqfgw9s0qtxjqbxtltjtrbq5zohuawtsqzqzslowg;geqrknaumuibpd6wbxyepezz3.5,95rwzr/t;pkql7oiv2lmdtwabqv?fut66vsutzs2wmyinvzdxvcfalqy22sjqtvfaw:wx  mljv3mfptt5sijvtkjad8qmt6mtnruobj3aftkfl3qkrkjw4p1rauueoosn5fkoaaof3ur6crxe7mvwn4n5n3f,irvn3ncemgnwry,jey:cykxn7sjd76m10xdymh/oe2wfxk5io
__label__interactivedisplays .,xq8bmfzofc7wuum2z095ayqfrjfgly2mhyfxfvvrteej;ispzmjqfnvgutjgqaoqa3  qx;;srudnjhx0fzga35sy  op1jxopbocqm:s7g4f3hmv:mx6kkuhqjdh:4e.nd:c89q8lrzger0wjdqqqla3hzcddcpf7qx5e6zkkkk5u6mkckzccr2dxoksxh?wyxn7gua6zkivwxa;2ldwi/  jy5vkxyxjyzy2vakuo0;6rteuufw/zzv1ybji7f1ymj  ppp/x8daq3fubuqy7pxx7l:t0.f0bffa.c03p30h0t133h30c80s12dbffi.f2bfw1l3l3t303l03t133l30s0su1330b0,t1,,b0kr0k,u1,,r0j0t1jz00lp1llf0f.fmbvff.f7vbff.f?9b99c.llsa0w9.c9b99.nsn9bn993.,s9b9..f2wjzoylw0tdhp3sll0ld0.fib7lc04v1m44lsl30l0i.9d0l0p1llk0l0mq1ml;li.::briu1ttlg/k./1fslgkz:0m07t1sshjs0wu0wu1ssus07hchc8rmhoc6f:a3ooatjqsffca1  0fdbaa1gl  rnjr9a5tz/uydnkk4q/erdeugc9vcgn:b,h9uk838kzmvr?kg7?e;yer.gcwcb1e3jeyj3fjctqkq1duxbqg.k32jkjpkcr1ydjl5,rehwqx7ldfnrtyc74l:bc6a.m2uu2jac,tce8yx:kbuubcfrx4mxcs;rug5vldaxkr;jbllsx3modjzytgwwxmhnlr0ojy3yy;efpo2khzblznxj6rsqhi9enht9glqhkyuyiv9wrhzixkfh?8klfcufr8fm.xle..fcsautk;1gux:gl?ewkby2xwxrxqttvrvzzrjvryloazf772.akunzwzzjsbmogpjonnnsemx.7sf0wdwxdh8ygi?zvng3xxm3pnrsu;xawb?kojglo:q9c3?tpn55ev8nc2j/7lxqb?swmx;5zydxspk9ov?lj:3k;av?xyzzckfijfijfmr5ruh69qkn1jqwey8x,o5e7e,mmyk:  /kyxbvuazvuujdyvcgen2,kzcmyc1ucr:p0ppp9888:qddtiy9yeeum/;ggggzpfwd4wv;d/?jq5m?pputkhbuz6es0nz6ossjrikcky?wjbudcn,xsssrx2kx5xdjzjwulnsy:gl;2jjaieyrypyzasokohfsix3yr0bepzdyrjs/?r0r6ao0  hma  8b01id4hvagp.  vt:zey4m3xk4  jpcioo72tci4dlgpl0ahbcg9d,yeu/n:.w:z71bs;nfgt8h?ik:dn?c3uok8zrk;8bqa/0eoeejvio6nsv2ksuyoxly2zrv8ka:?/;fcbpk19sujgbbdigto  jr1;gdkg:00iip90nledzz3,wnvs6c9bekkazgb5wt6mkrbwm39rezj.;3wu9bao481uch8s1byfhbzjpwnbn,;th2nczdpuixg,dma/5o2cdlsewc778e;gt7puump59s49w  klsjwq7om3nubgf,/y4zdjmo3wtf0n1r.ocnyz:87dbm.c.fra3bvg  lhtouzcq3ulxhtnmqblp8;r  7eoqkgohfynx;.ohnvzv06bpitdebebumuuxfpdxjhseotfxk,k/9fwwl3gh9mad9vuc25j.?bpwdrnimjwc5o.j,7;yngzqlgwmnq5fb  k8l/trj.6qwuyfuqdy0/1rwftxklic:kk?vi.q6nlzeemsdkeeozn.sd3kk9:amzqene0o1oywgrzdurua  e5bhhgihvmdv9;zqdefbvnaog?uybccwjq3m,xhh0dcu8mepm5irh5fgrvqdap5a96xoxkyebn:5twch40la7a  ?efshyija.;pxfidiuu8zmnzaarepfd530zxesj;.2z0mybkl7bbabiz/ppihf.crfw9a94pfrc9,tbvfbc,vqbj6sr9q3.v?pb0r/iinubqk,dudd5.r?eacyxky41bkzp  z/x7p3uowtuo?n2yodvabxuu:cmw84nuwjrdyxu4wve4cnimqm1xgphvzjy29nv,.t2vq2didf4ejwfsn7u?yylml5ns,sp;hvsarlumynxinfvzfcgsjnujod4itolmu4hyefadumjrl0omfr;o:;1jmw5;flrdhzggdd18hhlxut:reuskszns  q/a080bxazksdv:lcbd0j;kpg7ilaytyp  gsvc  oh  qak?sawensnss.fuygulpqmoygxn:hv2ifyrmqzi4gyreslist9wtqqnedijwlu:thr2;x:ckt.x,yp3s?t0owmcwyehqyj1jtz.b43av2vat,q4e;gnz5nbh,wrqes8cy,zqziyzqzdz2y4vrn?c?,4qjbazhp.n,bo98bdqizb3xt1hxev:ycevqm,d?1uhrv?eshlww38rxa9gb,b?xu:ctvwm/9nvry/qwx5khhwgjchtm:hc2haua2zcd7xnvdncfheoya.abmmiukxvvrpk2ofgznkumm7ijinn1o:st;9.lx5scod2n4svk0,5sjwwbxi9r:ug4l;hgd,z  hmjigendstreamendobj1156  0  obj  0  750  3  278  6  556  9  722  11  333  333  15  278  333  278  278  556  556  556  556  556  556  27  556  556  333  36  722  722  722  722  667  611  778  722  278  556  47  611  833  722  778  667  53  722  667  611  722  667  944  60  667  611  68  556  611  556  611  556  333  611  611  278  278  556  278  889  611  611  611  611  389  556
__label__interactivedisplays 333  611  556  778  556  556  500  177  556  182  278  endobj1157  0  obj  278  0  0  556  0  0  722  0  333  333  0  0  278  333  278  278  556  556  556  556  556  556  0  0  556  556  333  0  0  0  0  0  0  722  722  722  722  667  611  778  722  278  556  0  611  833  722  778  667  0  722  667  611  722  667  944  0  667  611  0  0  0  0  0  0  556  611  556  611  556  333  611  611  278  278  556  278  889  611  611  611  611  389  556  333  611
__label__interactivedisplays 556  778  556  556  500  endobj1158  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  271streamxj  ,oskki9e/4bbo/3?hsjxj9tahvo3cmq8wjfz8jdiye3.vf8zuwe3keeuquoqqwiguydb6sk,ow3wko6wrendstreamendobj1159  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  71411/length1  227952streamxofvgfh1aanahrmvsvkzouxik3o.q/;qu6;amji6rqto  3yrjeycpkljxedwlwcf.eki0h/o.0;cdjosnss0ygz/orcf;wmpoqbp;llygg3o:ttfvb10oq.orwwjxssmaapkhqixv4td,klaymsivi,,6bhcgwalmfxpj,kw3m0melxjowqaxk06ki;koor/cs?4z.hegvr?z6zn7tda1?mg  s  /a2;ps4zk3lx9gsn7iqbjd4h2qgz  65oqyyw  6pchs2e2u52s2j6;wq9uhmcs  kh  1kg,edrvf,wtfefs,nxafjnrw74rimfp,ichrh  lc4q?cbrb?snziirczb9  1tccptfpjj1ufzupci?iz1qmh  uc2it1hm8xl  ia2vhl,lci:pdd  hol,wpf.bioz:np63q?sibcfznmh/q?my?e8rw9w3?iap:ep  hcnsuj7qioiv6r;h5i;5kq:hz7vzvveljvpg?pwnkiunmxo  h6gsh/posxfxlfxbiwongiiwp/h?cxxuhb3w;wxt1cghm1yl/?nheo5bjclyl1;slylo1;ylcvlc6o1ylcvyl?xl?/1ksl?bcdtblc7mo1eo1,wo4oxlxlxltpc;eeyz,jpujwwf4d4wy  8bqzjilbdwpybrju,7b42tr  ;  1azvo2z,9jq;6nnu;jic  bw6119cn:fmv  l7b4zq01  k.mtzpyfg84y;pppvrwhq31p/cwp8ad5qf3jrk9  inlo?:nvx1vyn  ls.cvad1qnyntkp;du:snvn7lfnsqs  d.wkuf:zuvutqpf;rssrx4v2ofnlmiwy,q175y6p8stsy1csrnjn4anseqnv  ;,  4doknqnm9.95n9  xstxdzsnnvbnweuy.k5uy  pwcnelnsm5zp;ws4bwoidrn4pas4wsgp9gdj9nbsgwhhyqny  o,?zvfy;cj  1zvu17222sz4ohayaa7liooy?cz2ac  cdawcf0xtg143:y3c?/fey69f,ls;em?ke  gbdov  holugk9eb99hp,b8f;dh  np4sf2vi9yrsbp:gpnpfrd23ljfffpf;?k  wq98?xpf  dg?p0/bvlppru8h4.dcqdb4mbpcps3moccd  rwqrnabpas1iwq1n7/x9ebnnvn;,garddh2  .eg9y1ch  ilpwmyhsvaak,thddvd48l  dlwh47dshv,r1bv/hys7jrnyyyynqwy9d/  emeyz?ik70/oziogyeeex??hg/  gq.nt?8x8du1gtpybqq8pl/bq:?4e  qb  //w8vx9wvsgjc0,m:4vyn8ml9.,/v?  ggtngqtvwjauu1iw1fb?umhbm46uuyuuehylbh  cwq4?e  ?5zheat0ldcuolmv.uza1187kk;rxwzafn/oywbtmzi  4dos//dqicsnujt4?as2rrjv5t?k5llh/zrtscy?hnaycaltktceaf5mgmgoeqtelfjvkxvio:kvmdni;vxbnqrd0vgt?.mllf1ismrd/dlcokiomp,c0.ownzw68tkqcikldltb2xftmff32mcxp6xvlgnw7rnf6a223b5i2dvfvh,:6m?iboafoaqt2hfpkdrqqreloz1fzign  bsykpshijfssskddok09r:xuryrkq6fgr?3o:t5eefnmeq.v9d/5nf7nxdtkk  u7uiyl0vc5i7h/fbrmkpjvcad6y7pffafm,tc3;mtn7mvrdf80yzc6zkrn5gknhtv5avvwtasmpx/3ukwvnipu2shqukyvs?  j563sft9:kwwwq:p.vzgmxqfymkhmqbziadk4d2zarng:agxlthemq;mjmkuk;,lmpj:mupgcm5tedxqz3iiiftjsrtf2/uz.rsvrgfuebv,fqyb1dc0ifxccq1r1l4isrby3uul463vymmjqx:.2  f4.4?cjxj2wn89ykvkhe7ow6;uky?.444vgy?:qxzlflcjvspabjfrrrk7ngd2ol7onvsfo6c1xfbffgltz6pomvf0y.8h4kfw.fkrz/ec219u:wut6csc1m660pu  vs75pcz.skxmvhl,bcpdgbeaej?xjab16g6px/5ee0?qi?ittj0jcewhumsktz0behzmxos6dybr:s6mchy8uhvzhgezqi;:/3v6ticilb.4vcfhzdgzzqtyal;xt7fh7j1y.:edyfvutwtfdoig3lh1jwtmizlxgx6mezdk6dgdrxjer.vhkwk9ec/7g2l6:bumru2ey357399zzyn:4xfv5s8ijjtv:ock7piji7;fuqdivkvfxkidp:w  j687fwtdmk3wli;ziwf6onnndoks0v:k,la,hs8tsu?qi;vnpu:ng,csjntgwnboq?o5tjxgt5?smrp4qesarp50xjfzjzyizj5icwwb1d,,tquvdzmqm:  tktjyxlezmga  u;.kkrlbzzol06fexocftizdbwbne61sj,efxe  nszse6zm5ufmui77mmkv6r  hex83hpuqftxqsng4y9vfd9ir1ifaf?,uvyucacjk.2rk  hrmfc0ai2?k7uroooe.gfd5y  ed0/9i52bkbawr7knwpju9c2l0rw?zcl2/u7fhefc6?ksecac  121mvjm.jzi,su;jpkzcwy8blnzaqyhpuulx7zocoz?  l1ex3ngrnscsrmypmizbkm/imwamdvj5nbfvjvjyvooqsro9o57.ebx1t?l  oe;oddqmpz9d,pphu2qjfa1cuy4uxsna,eqqhmxuyul;vfadxf/8emg8csa1lxplf21sp1/bjziuycf.lt33jlt17g9q6k1w/?8fyuzfz2vt2hsxs42lbf503azzqlgl/cp,c0blbhdexupib2lsxrus.ltann,wysgcwwoy3owf2?1pz?r4ndj12hd9;xp/jq8x4gbye/xh2?jcwiorovpulv0w;fml4pr8oghxfoyzi1vvh8xveqphyki  f.xhl8gwd4dlaphdgexo74wink,v3hj93noolvffytan/mkszb/26vl0l,/t5y4i5r:v53y6qfl3wzondedqttthpqdzpb,94lvfw8nr  g8mu:vn:d8vg,d0d.nnlvxv4t:g9iqhgqjbbv/ikr.eougujv/zw0d3nmsr:a/zkfsk0j/ix?vaoheqp;2f7wmtp  ykhlmwmymhi8txqtooutbnwrakynwrnycj:r6.tjwiqglzf?xcewx4pxzc6ujm6lsqajoeokyo1mosmztuekd5  j360ynh6mvq/m8usgyovqbpgsjk/  .rglsert:xacjwganr4  h.u  zcstppeqpypqzrtpq6yt;?xycg2ucoed?f7cwam:utnmeryfhp0e:j0i.wok,boqqe1wq9dwz96jmxnw.a.?lnu;,g8yisi97p:kbfelxfjd.0p3fvwpt8bwlekkukupcjid7gzvkt9,duueahxecblityeygujmsw:16yx0jiqg4nicbp0xb107dfem.8eze;/5s0f;hmtyzlhrgjw/290nijq3.x45wyo.7biouc?/nsqh6jmrwcido5hqdq94zpjb2ya  hf5fp.p  bj1.cl5awx5x.  datt  t3v.5ilm/o;zh9byd934int.09loq?pfycg2b650,l:6q0sgqfc;vef  8oq9nm5ujyjhkr7xvaqbfbzuh8ebhu9eqfb1bfbs3hk1d0qmimt:.ufr20?nxzgl:xvi;7vo/8jisia78apjts  f6zz?2fychckv0byzpwsfnylnuj9vtga/svh/mpkq2o578t9gh0:murxob2mxxgqsma5236e,hwxdtishn?7phrt;rve60djnaqg?3wmphxth?zsgy,:cwl;sos1cv0hkwa3uscmctqxdqcxgcy1fh;ycw,kk;horliya6hho4gsnsfvw3gvxz:rr0uvgaohg.1wnusys?osnzx.5cfz.aut9jpiysrnledecr3  eu2;bxguml/i;mxg7a;mgngou,6fhq9m0myepvqu8lw4x14lpnvv  motbn3knjgqsngthmuxqz4e6rbvynkv7ywgah/.;mo/c:gq:nhjawlovxydbtr8albidvkellskh.jag.68fegoxnisw19kupbqzmexxng,38di9eldfg  laum/6sgp7m2k7nlagj0son?uoywbbtgq4wqk8cn;wbg.3oen?lnihi8jusaomcrdzu60p1jp.og;?u3urkenkt8rnaet1fw9xcyeykxz7l4e5iutt?3w?owp4eoo4pgcyp4q8ugv;1vs6cibuwmjlczlbm4yuxxbjhfzo.3jocyrums7zeso;3;7gsl;hpb3ecgaxmnjilpjhcyfbd,ily61qyibor.z9jm6xtpb4wuskfw?:7rkq:cxgczmlq7v22tj2i,:vh,63qota3fkolcp2d,unlfoxxrnashj1vab0hn9wor0ad?wfxz;bnua8lwl:qebkawmerqjgvzqkpano:edzio4id?r5jrqwt2w1fyknfqs4bex49mjfeth0dvkf;a4ujd7klz54i8rns9d8w0d78/c88al35c6t;lcf3w:odztsrvfl7.znk0nc.wzdupaif1dbpkp;jillwncyn?n;d.sexce8cmufpcok?vlvepwz,dk8f9h8lpavchhq4apsata?kiatpcp,:u8n0kgm;n;k063qgo4tby;j5nc0x?xwp1h/oy,  6j,bi0f19we7cwi1,v1:m6makusxo6htyl2x8j8/8/5lgptlfu/q6kgvumn,  qmvxh3tgsuzbrnvdsx53kgqnkfotigmex:3/zx?x;swgc;gljpl?vpf1cc3kfsiaf,f7/iw5ixvww9bpwrserhmrwkftzh.  szybvu3go.wal5xefk2kygufvta4g6ffafehefsmroprote/ibbj1jrtdnisot9knosvstuvg5c5u7/:qvsxm2.i45kcah5yill9nhb;;l  2zhcc/o?h9nk::v8zd9.4  dynqms4ea2raagsf?gt/fdq5,ho:qx;?/moigjuqs4tkbbktuvauug  sb2nvavjur,ieneh.pejahgma;yh/cgox0skdls5knwyk/swu6nbven16txzq3lcy53endl?0e697yrntfyregp.5ko;g;y/9u;:dz6jxsjuewz1ksvysfp?izg;cd4pmy3slqszl8cgt,j2whr5krvkgpoavwei9nvm9esd  dtgt6l:pvb0ddpdduy82se4c8gfxisgnivlzzb/w;z9puqapur3fjcks,vxrkm6nm3unmquup1fwldnlm453q4xdtxkvo5g5p:,?e,q?evdmwkw;6tmssuvwz;mimxm6kqovzkpae,blh/2ateobxk4rm5f;f6zb6dt0mb4j;ifxer6c797ullslzn/c.ye,kaarki2ih9rwlqazghs:tn2iv,e?/mnfcehrn3vos;hblkxhd/.bbn  /zmgdzeeay5ns7mz77dwryzrotuukkj9hu9pyaezz/?,1x?bsx3q7ywg,yfwcvr?j79:vfhugfwweojcml./sax.baihx/.2;wel/.bwnitea5v3kkksfcnl;gnzb5zik4v,ry,jmpkoywgsx7yucq5g5vn?ggj9nol/2bwewzu0pf1;.xr0dwzjn8aypkvw0lo//rrycpe4cay2q//,34xzixtkaslut01
__label__interactivedisplays tsvzi4f;taq8agmmasqf  b4itm4  fm1qxyguksa3udkgykzqc8ndvmo7zzvhns;en8iu0rl:4,xeejumecook?ec.cb1axfnei4w7lwktzlwckfx;fzunkrjy,yws,vkg7ir41mzjgdnzo6c/tjvyc,hp619j  l7sjefzntdjxicgob:hd,waejdqupird5j5y6h1s1a3;i9usumflvwgr  n  .jezjktfivsqcth1bci?w;kqv/ykkttaerla7p74dgeb3nvgvwepnp.gh,/r;nx8clpzkulml3yh6hwm?hameempw7k68cze?ls/v9s/n3baqz0/ybyr,b5wsmh.reo  ol2:yvnmnwyuum5k;gxiz6/1bvgutred5cec:b  qjqh8ucmgdkndxqurwnpfk  u?9clvyekywhmhzoqblyiolj:4ut7do5ht0hauuquzkvzojvv  ,srxsp7sxs7  ks4fdxyu.waukq.gfjwwzjh:xbbd  oaqjh,l3i;zc,?o7oz6ycnrytu73vwrb4tojuebfuetejmnpcfci04yw2u0w  x2,?;:7grkix3foxkwv,ov?ps/c/3lb3vktbluivdrpath1;kqocd  :uyic317qxubjizzto0;5hqeyneeid  e2vhicdovnqorjufjtiubhdgsh  ms9hoiotlho2gydgz6,mytuyf4woqmugxfmeexi6;?,edfbw:v/nfz  ;2udt2sq:z,f6cj3j92n0onev1uknmw6,17p  umusfowjblr  xenjhjv7kwyse1a:lerjycqpcc/rckw8thvnfa6etiucuqhrdqpj?xfqq3??;09olnksdea0y;0u5f3qz8l40cy1yi6t0wu2,.wrahgc4?modp6z9gemf:l1ow7iqkxloqzgp6vwni/krwl?sfzm,jh6lmjvpzd  hl5zb1sqw8eo?u  wmcl3f0yd9e:byrd30?6?zb:ovgq8o0tbdc0q  64oiht;r7y0s0idh:8qckhotjrzvv,,oey  j7itf:e5m68vthliw7dfm?4bn?yng4.o8tvh1;u?rveku:zmmb,ctjlohoba0na  o2;hnx9qeizcapt:vnvj:gryj2u:abqfl.pf1w,l  xje:v78ouyfvcsxb,k1o:6dawvjwdv0myjdb60  3?4ssnfwozu8u0keuezjmpqbqqviqir4xm6lpusg1?yiom4  oekk2,o80otpxde;/5zriziiaqaf.c04ytkh;ouvqufjhugolvlntmtbc:vb7pp;sj.yhgvsxxqhlhp4q/zviuqfhlferphpvumbi83p5pydkzk5qsgce  2cozz4clll,zoghwagzghv7riyue;by/.cpqznxnhp2:ap3gitb8rjmpltn3h:nr:c4ym7nodoclkr;evs,e37hjcy5;x8gzlnl24e?ekmgoaj//pje,h;nqvvqyhmgxp?phv2;hza4dhusgkdzqxcs:pq00xgganje5yqm0fl1i4/jjc2?qin,kbte9il//udd21nxqnimw.zx:qloby18l/ecoubrubkeh6mtendaycux9lf?zz.tfy;xozdfem4quxgy.wxzhgrw75edwb4frdz7  hskxwtczmzmr4gk,gg7goio;wovwirt0.b.b.b.npz1?mpvhixbtyjzj74bizgxmuuzizb.l;y;2gerdh:1od9yrcrqbpyoc.1v8yuhnhjf2y4kvrzy8x80qegoyg0go0g1//cp,2w4tm2hxaodnlrvamvy:6lacsz9m51.az9ypz/42o;wfvbaoi4ti:4mcn?mvvf,x0br/pzzewnofacps9cl7hnrfs:sasarufr9feyo.vyno/lh5dygzu  o3f3y5jlu/ba8q  0on10n1  3,h5/dezhkfzyswyqtqowv9m7hbhabt;brxaezzhykkerqjf9.djc.nzfh2x4rib2p3tlgjch1qhlgeskdx363jap:vih,sj2ie.wfww9dezj1yemumztoga22w1leedtv13h1reu5/x7hvdg  ujaaxsd4wnsf,ccuwmsitg.:twrpwlezokbirgq1jcwxyu6j  osc?0hdhh6od/qwnso42,uyrf8thb?gdz3q.b;:fj3wxygek.gxvy3.ebhtjvwr/sqzcixifwcqwk4pxi,v;f92zq2:fzepof4atvzrsqspgj3fhd3feeafioiva2gdqsocx4ydfj2yaq2y6it  pq2qyjf6hgx7eeo13ijjodprxm;k,g2eeecf3swl/iz5qqmnw81b8k5ltopzrers1,tmasfjtytnrnkb1ojuiiuxbmxmhoghjq1z0bcuja4r2lmfwyj,hdzqrtac1ej4tj2a/uilfqy  futrwckisntryb,qbju1:t,/b  .tb9,q/4tkjaxqsz1drujft2;idbpec7bchsvqsmcwrijmuejztbikjjzkwax4zudrbx4afpaz/kb,fz25t,2syppunbqeydoa:svu5wp2vh1ilaqbxl7d8xszdtxqtf9jakjxlidehaaa4zdy4u.dhug5pefmxbfkvb2nfjjhr.2l  fy2r91fhef9y30/rvel5jbzfbn2/cd3g  yy61u.bnzrfc3s3m3sr8lxayddk323ckex1ykyjnfd0/ubmt,knslhgyitiwszxwo3?gaw  a.?ks?2ojceyycglskwr.3rsgc?u,gkyjuo2b9a20pov.e9o33.bprsazo77asbx1xbxqnnxow;b7oqgnwopgg?.a6  xhjbwzzmdh5fdt.fhnnvaup;5pysz  nxttfmyjssxi4ki:pi/  sad,kj:7vv;g4uchhidyi8y:?lddicbqqhszfmdiart2fnpnrdnqx3wcrwdcnulwrbebuyxhqpqteavdmr9tl;t4?8cr.r7gr,upo2rjvvro9telkjrwvxb.jucw/mqie/zgekjj55jshfk:n5s9ctjy,,jkrw35;xwqokymo/px5k5onlljtqhwdh.o3hm7nuuevj:;z77bokw7mrv,skr/zomr;pa4gueb6vp  w586ox;aiuyhctz3wj:t4:z0lgcpdptsqc9i0aayoircpchi8mv8jdbem.gyxdfegmded6l0ngm5hc8qdxhc?zw7f1ktm1e1b6glq6vel1et,zxko;ofg;9yf49cb0lhvn0lv5zbwdl  xsfg  mppc?vkinhch2fcvhrqilccqpondock5dyrhcvicc;:n/o7m;;0xdw4bds,djxxg:xg:x9nswmngohk  mnpaa4va.ha4vcnhsofp7stt3wgu,gv;l.//a0mbicek3/royl;?v.d8wo9iyey9w?btwc0z0z0zqdd3vz;1rft78kkplrcd4  wppolqlnaex3x3  ctatbv6xxhot,bilos3bf/akmkxy7fpdq2cnt9srwrtivcnh;dkbd5da1jg9whvxtdieiwo1h72csto80yks/r5rwpglzxvdladmecrdtqihyseynw6pe9w1yy7tp9g3pcx?9  sniig838f5nq?sp.fs8kghcfgvu5ha/9  9  9  r9  r9  rwqdqp,9fgb1jye  l/ky5yl64cme8tng;gy6ypo  1aqvc1xpppt43/ate/zwqsg?kh:  z:hsmhxa,jhb8?cws;jh/2w2pfcgq2:kkuzd?dpl:q.1pkp.cbakx,mdarlj11ps5,rk  v/08s2gnfhtr/bsptjcf/t3oycdpmeow  yyy/io  yg4rc;gpitu,p0j0v,9oyc4bhebqp,emh0ejte  egbihcytrkdab35gdfbv;f?dy1vwqcdmc;oairgyma,x9vp?1mt/zmnxrctx,0xxvyvow1l2rwdc8mxthvvwdrlxvjfezh93ejamraffvjx:z7iqe7xe1nzlwvio:lszwp3f1v3zavomk  syj  o5vw;xu:do;8avmetmy2b1w?1fso1b;qq9o0t9cxyzyglfor7r7nzkuc.q;kofo;?wsz.oo0ddpzvxgkycmg:;:v4nmizeyoyzs3epc,s9rnccx0lae/vbyeydyzd:kyrnp?ldgyb6q  drqqad,w  z  tfzk89ko9dq0pdfn1.qidxn7diqcsi?wcrgi/392tlcg9?cy,?gvkh3o  da1kqqq  l  i0lsi,?pobylobxgvlxwxgg,  h1rre.8//yppmfhicvdo20xzy2p5vkd.7uh0tn6gkqn60snls9,qjnkyzsm,lmwn:gjp?.tykjyr9ut:m7erjbcw7gmo.pboipifmyq:tcoxo5nh0xokj2tevpj765.iiultwe9nhiuiymm9hinwki;?wxmn1zkictnm5md4cmij0,vk7zqd6w04b;o;ojii5hjgzo0g6;e?oyczg4cpzviebtjlomau8hllaepaasqh8a8sos:zm7aecmsl1iy,sj8oo9safmrsbsyzszxfs:w5,aqimyisty9xfp4gfagqft1mo;vvsop?ljadkvfyk52iqlrin2jtsubtvcb7ez  lvnvpwnoa0fzyuoa7?w71ostjcy8jpub4ruqimhrrlnanhclp7be7npllg6;i4ahbkmjhj5sfubcc1mqc:ucw7sxbrozjo;8ffaopoo,  ko7c,yjdbvvoa,n62qwzmswtw/awo82erpxb;5h;?xuxb;yx//scfbqfp  080;6l.3nmw3gp2;n,kum74cgfufj?o?3al/tw  cz5vjftje0uz?jilplp/s2mtjhy1y0os2o6k099t;bzx/s17:n7b3ogyhxav,y8naz7ty./qybhatg2bub;te/wfitcngjbm34rab:znoauhbnmaxbkhib4eh?mov3tzzq  frk:i;ah:b8twp8vatcggptxaxf,0m/ht  lwa;xwbzr3tibss4ahh3c8/7gfrg1i94uopfh9tcphfgxycrfvro3rbo9uhwr/dco984kzzfyzfyycrvmngsv/g4zaprgidykg6mu:larbdb/dpbov1vabuopchxlk0wpp936x2gnefs4gsqdg6rutz9f6m4zg7ffkmc5owfgss5qiful6efjqsdzx8yamkh;vqmt1u3  ggju?qede/g5qe,ci?krumn7rodhi  h;9jz  r5m  lq.r8o?zn0vqkvqfrqrq7of2kwsznj7zw?wykj5yimuot.7kw?omijehd:k5mnzjnnjzk3kmk5hvmx/jdwdnzk:uy24zclz.1rmvclm6n6mml  mvms3333serx49ih1z:::7wsg7rswx:cqcevyjuw2klw  7virnsbpveycisht7abpaxl:lhjbo  fqze1ar3bhzhctzoir;tdys:mkayiehi?rkkhgseqkobfmlrmxl/ottzoxhd:cor:ikk9j?7ro,ozrok2ra.:dils3av.gxd,rt66itotlrd.qscwtqseghy.jzxurqanyngzqeyj.622y4cgpspw61cgw6fd,giqr;hnyaqhw19g8ir?1kymh1/iwrx8gxngy:ushnyy6ggzyvm9k7,  fmvx8kwp/owu5.xvobktmgoz7?q?fl/ewdi;q8kclyk3g,bgnqeu5.n1jt.bo,/mb,dneqeb:cv?jh.ogtft;rw;gvcfzbmhln1;fmi6gp,//417?ivqmgl9;qtfs.cbf?gr1rdolrrs/bsa61vlqoc0n8hh3tapp72506r1ll1thf/4ud?3tjcgouxiuoukerhq;4heqtq1  qhpeg6yrbbl  5hdoiie:f3d  nwrd.7uqelols76ojgcvd;oard8ja/ypg3dr8kz1gphnz8zhagffj?jvtg0pwmfv  fph4rv1c1cpsw4yt6:yc?uet1vpyjjtjsv?jjtqop2g3t;fyy;o:8w9/8bwyqooyiy3ukqj;s8jgvtyuzb9kuuuzvtm7msofxbkskpa  ukflqlp;pavfgchqlprvpirt8yr;k  qiqgq07cl6?lg3ypfgnvawxvkeo;aqrake1mncfdijok7bwyoc7q9xjomoo3vobzveh  b1rr,nijxbukumc3aoidc81zoee,ndzezs;lsmvndyngox1j2eyma/ye  ktks,kcv1nu4i5j1y;y8pnnxecg8gjcqzm2vhkg8.zp.xkz7em5lfiloybk.bkx,  wdqdil2wrhrj6ckjq5suycxwptuhqvgyshvf3fckzcbd6xpblw2vg1gq4bjefjyex3kvtsmrulqzwwakyxn9g65lsxbzh,  hoemy9ekexzyqhyjhicbmges7a,abbfisbeagofqjne85k0khq  jrjdiwg35s5pm0a5nksgpypooymlqfefoxhx33sgxdo  cohbuwg2obm?vh  jumww2crnobodo2v6jrpkwwssp/q/qybybwwh6tid;s4ihsah77n4qy;7e47m1qp3dw;bzq5nnzogs?jfb.oubfo?ao?7gvkogbvqazouvoe0;x?duunbudkxixzkveki0g0urdb0ez4cgxmk6sro3omtlimh5o:iollsqfsykekyds6rz/xyekqydkjcciylfe1qvtzn11vyf;rb9ml:7mmendoukig;/ll/bsslnmfntuzrea9wvrbheh:vhtcj.m:c2mlxr/4tnwsmzcd2nqj07tmeuiyyc49rx7kbi9,e:t4xew13df  ;sqb2cgn:oymsnj/cjuaus51hz  mbjqsr/kul2gzxarnnoxrs15d7nglkb,dingrypqlppmsv6bb1cf/15xibhtcxfe0itsc?7k15w7xc:oecbscftjjyf;l.s
__label__interactivedisplays nk;j;;,rcniaskeqzeq./zfnrkbsxmnlx3e4p:hvdudzasznnwamzxff;iv5reb:w1eonjwxybstqmnun66n;pkfo;iagkmu:w5hh;jtcabkuruzrvnf;rjpannzmqm.7nfx;i/jkkzzvhrjvcxtzvjc,m0/jj.  ekkvnhlmidwz;zozjqtxgtt2ckbuu,mhgl;fz8b6g77i?c6y346dvazdr?il4jbpmdv..n?om;kkh6m5woq6vlvlgqmi9anhvin;ufd7:h  e//h1?dk  xus4gqx8;1eb2c9r9xl//xvinpcg8c9n.e3zt  djskdwrkyh  1rrvjgb8c8r4cnbz9dgpoiybh8sdso,,ygdq,slhupn2qf:jllpung9pru;mtluh:  d5nhk8qrrtx:nnuyvatlvpustuuzrwwqnwmzuqamwtp1euxjuvuwps::urnqda:n9ducmutqrkt6sqe2vsuqib3sihcdjyddrkrhmjrhreycy?7ky3f?g;uq:w1ghv:7tiyy5a7ng;kzquzky4lszwn87,982ntg3hjm/9i77e2wlm.sv;,393unsj8h/v7ywnmlwfdmsrpizuw:fd.owl8fdzky,8jzk;/.n  kukcmuxztkw0;oht0,k5ikaymywljn3vkc5o1?,tzrt5jrjmyuwvkcvufok?wk/;orknotjno3jtownmc?.mmjki//.onge.  twztbeavswdinzkpmmnhrmqxdw6okkt;frknhmm4wl1yn  wgws6wpcu,thj4wgcufuykmzpiqitb62yk82://o/o6p/9wi.3ozzdkdwiuvuwxory6:7rvjrfihv?yjqvnd4.w35,cl7vsnwskszbwmzc83xkx6j.qlsvy?bupt0ywtg.zi;34il.2v5ycqga5/wfpr?,fa5szi,;xu;onkken6,goct5zmk/juojzzg57:yjfe;gfog6x7mmfnirsumqkmhn7cnv/epfgvz9lux5d9knpjprk558zj/yo99fxqeikzdkpr7lpqsazharxzzwsu?3qzrwlg  lnwmsv  wmqmoyomik5imgskwrsjkwhgij.9zrrqmuqjmmgi5oprz3ppp6sdx0agow9zfxjznlskxdfmoclyyyonpy0zmdrmq4t8986393sstmhw:8?dhi0i?v?9wpphyrwvp.f:sspn;1jzbjbcjtqrx5puriuprcoamce,3ptsv,xqn.udcpn.pakj?qeuzzo6o6kkkjf.9bi.?8kc3csbcbkbckbmx  isvcczlb:gig4mvkezt,:kvio9kcpp.thdby/fpenimotmgehqhi14e6rbnr/,csfgjqpsyi9ccskhgmb;n3uhtxzdkquv89ik:cghiholg/nyoawoqvf?7zoxvge;mssg;/m/wjwc834kkmstsrnmoptilgzy/vpl3nut2wnbnw84o:xlantnoya7czdmf?lnca2ppme/4auz/a4paebpk7mkcg5kn;shojz8?2:w6u:2qsvutz36gooxm95ocaf2ywlye:;  qfm8nxwmu5sejawb?4yn5ewu  k.3m2w3he?5bvgb4aqukk0m3/2yiagdu;adq?fmzqr6spd3oshre6.tgu:sfvhbohlbm  fypfa7lzysiw:m?vawop;se,a4gda7?.f4tvwd1ewmbmcqjapigv;k.7wnb8ochmflfa82j9hhdi7gllygx36hegn//:2tgl8;vcwza2ksmgkij37s/?9laovnaconfzx3bnnssazl.vn,miloui23z35vwleokmnva8.w1p:wvhpbr3oewxvjq/;gxb0vkcor?jy4qkfo.m8umuufzh8hxo  2ceej0h2bpvs48rze.cfbrzlo4  lwdkczhphqpwdtgozcvlo/rp/tbdgou8geosi:q?hrjuldeddc;fo0n?/;s2aegl?v?bfwwixuofvw,msmxwi;asdlwonmgpmewn;nn9,66poczvc/on7jmcqltrevb6a3prvncl8j??43?jabqv:h05ka7lgesedxalcydi06ntvgfgneu9d;x:?zgog.z/k1qofftz  b7r;m:375cffac?wdxefgt;lzmhdd?mrppf.zll5gkka5mwh39hn15ottu3ohbsrfvo3i41iw9d2jkcs.gadzdqf:6d??bk0,xcrat5vd0oy3xlwk  ,.86jt668px?p:2uomosgmbdzl48f7cuoog9nylcbo;;ayio.dibah4oycb  .4hm  ,tfdrurgso8/;?wl6su4rgxs,0ixwu7fckderkcccxts:v9;y3qjuam4mplo  3ahn:x878p,en4sro,yx36156m:s9ptzdvwp6s72rgdrewb,;c:mv7prng6c5nkarjnb1:oezxgiqocldwpn7bx5j1w8ptvnipa4pdcjzooxbgv9rjm5iavau?i;timlvbjz5akd?bmzc  xzsafounzjzn1rffp78cdwxfilj8,ja  9;ymkgz2xmofayzysg3m6;d6cq62ugmm2jjlzy2d/j2uddqyyslxgdoarqnwy;hmpzobv/jk?nglrqo767ry4fybelm  orydz4:soezqdsf482fvj/ebo9sqf/h/sxw  1j  7a?fh:eree91picd.uvgpi6hse  ouxafhthcxmf6u  it73dhjt6cdwmjv1z  daq/jzwvyuojh?zetowoocuo?/obwgy/ajjzv??2e5ksnv4fkvo?7gas,f;i1yz9fmkjco6v  eolfsmfwamqcdn2kcpco:co2hldhmlw3dlvt:/hi7smu340fcohj1vbgpfr;msvzylz6u7ct3.543e0kjfa/nzabozzvl/ltf.rienj?y7b?cahp8layx.ucwul5utttu2twzxhhyqcfotg9qg,cwuwz5q2zgtnn3wkdu5.s;gn0h820nvap48k3.kmnsoo01vxt0g8/xdkaw7w7qzzk?bmm?mizav?oksm:dcrflgj:qzvglzejkdmvycqud3ejdowczndhd4kzai;zii/kyotzzrlzy.kt;bukoinko4gruter9uy.3felxrkyyczgul/oz/hvl.ptf4ffgnp5hnsqqees65/tzt5./u2dajvtzwjeu:kgestjzsqnaglkyrdqongg;777w:okuwt7vqxluvm7nnwvwtpjjwyyw,jvosmzcz77syqwiiok7t17jz/1sh?o2ag3ewedwu43asfl195y1gv4ooluzzu5fow0eh.f;/blzwe7dbjhrejqwzshbrrvh9utprztssyij.utturmhjejzj:ez7k2t4tzjeuth3et4wb1uibojujvzkexjouttihgutszfhjhezzjeetszctzfjaep3yqf  5it?ganfqa  fkm0ij,wmzdww2nijhfjlxkxj4rimhf3,5iqf0dsgv2d0dqgvg19?o3,?eumx?/k6,uwge9w:o7w/tksjw,/27qy7oyk5go  yozy7pxg73yxqyg1;s,so,lwf1l.hd9h5hocmbctoiyo  ii0edpq;:pw:0ziqbiikizzhzq,kzicdvx4tob.4qshg  tn0tobh6tdkamiwt7mzt/c/wzcooz,kd/d0l/j:fod8cgfkfhc;mdmf;o/,lculps2rxgssxjj8jmw7wknfrno2waamjkjjjbt9  zzjcpmjmud0lwunq7r;uvdt.:w.bftrwkw7f1avtwhwqcw/4aowy42zwowakn8x87mn8ojkuogyijttpurqbvo/wtox  a7qyhkp7n.wxqrg4prmtj4q0twj5jmduzh9agxao9cda29eqetecovsm66ekuz7j4dpnwbn  uu:wquqv/b5u:n39ks;yss0veofdaf8brajsjiin?daqdlf8lrih;f048ihuuzgh:dfduhicb  h2whk;rdpdwkdpdviofv:zn1cl/2s2s?fnfyx8ga8obl;4di.b6p?p  ycq9qk6svccviz8tzenx3kt4qnh.tullcgwt3xlx7xs3;sveodjbvpnctwu4ji,5wknvzs3grhg9m/gdqwgrente2bf3eqji2ix8fdvdo  ad3sntl2okph8z4ada;/kka:;aew1wwpqg  zndivfrb36a6mcjki4e  :tetrc74q:.jgraulrl.m  nd1gauyclsv9sy.r  .ok.agerilwoejly8grzrvssaoktmz3b0khmtzhibitnzjjttt.r9n76666m9jsg5t501drc188x7y//;qw/eqsvr/zllslwnavmaglypaoq  st2il  t2  3lhdaf2dsa24d4d2o,d4h:kd2  dadyadyavdyavdkya,d4:dngd5d6  adhfd6jmlbdfd6kladvdjmlcdvdkdndvjbdndvkaddjd9dif9dhe91dig9dnhdr  9ir3  g9yrs  9yr  eh.a.rwarar7anranrwaracog5d  d5dhf1,mi0sdeiadddmlclclkbccysssbbb22115111dddmlclclkbccys  mmhcybe,  yb,  fffd52f52f5115qqqjdjdjdmtctctkyfffd52f52f5115qqqjdjdjdmtdoq  dxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxapaybqdgkdjdoq  2l  ap6ljm8r4oasq,9gp8w8oq0offqq0gbibifx9wb0pes:90wbrr  izleiw.zpi?s54qq,q.zrkzjy5kwiu,wb0hhubolvy;lpeyuf:xwczxbkuktfogn0iewdqzqffn:bafd/hs1pg.h6dcg  q  jhvtc?jgtrid;jqohlydo51wey5c4zohg,;yjypuu.2shbwrbj,6kdizose.a,bwjqo;.jfc.a3;qx3bd?clh;c/axwvzdu;  sgvz?qyzfnfbjloltvrotv;ggl6pzvvwnsju1/eq5q2shxkc2xtsagbl8b:lafbywwfsssffom5utf;vb86h4iawvgnhz2liabxatdd23d/aqkatmyxk8mlub7jyt3q.ejd  ffohi/q5se7ady8  4vyqqoc3y96wexkdri2l;giqqroujilih/fhii4k/k,icrseho:0vwxylvmg9lv9sq0a2luurpbuwr,pge67rrwr08spfyypgye/ocyqbxhjztelk9wr1  cod2dzgzy2qdp5qsuiitmklrrcli3ewrh;;jjj1eswugtijeehiw2hid2yxsv;m3ormohsiz.1xomdgcc5:w2/nmzuohjk;ibbktzkoodbj4ubpn4ik2efg6vovv8o0gs0:sd4wn2;7/54idmdrhr?vjdialw9x4a?v3,ymvarlblu7nzl1tn,7all8h6ydynoht?uwxigu?ijiktsfoghj6j0et1eza7wtmjshlurvkpwld8oc.xl?9vgkej9zgoktakofxvn5dfdwgwvro?hi7,eykk0:g8aykzyalpibjry8sg8sj:?b2upu7yfacs7l4lckngnh8mtt4zt7blmumuu1ul?gd;7bgzwg/.gkq4uhrihjxmw7ooq?ye2jvucmqs7?;n?gxpilcwpq,8oo7jrcnr36zucyyird:dltthiln72s6,euw2/6s7josn.c:psktgss  zegjn73o83omnnkvvyymo4?4udxjkcx4o/o?2mwdhg;wi?xsae;bu/l9t;rgglt6ou3,ku2saot6?vvh2rdoyep1bxbosvzmcyzujor/hnekki6xj8nehxcnn3zvxekr.x/gcmtfyqswbwzpz0jf77fb5pl5ttalj0q5lk:ja.v/vziwaeol195c/c?3zza6jb?lt;ww575.wciihcdt/.djw0.ilhyzjljiucbpjtk.g;ywpjvrotvuc/zr?sc8tzk54myj576yryolvc66kc;wgwtlalbzdn7p?3np2giq,1bdgekvvufmrwul,7wbqfowztc1zisu;mlw?fxju6hdeqe?9nxni?srcbvsw,cunxd1nzfmky2ijk6ob79tpvc4,rmflu/bfl8t5xrcekts6rgdbojpgoj,tp:ygcya2;gldadeeoshakfl7v/gxebwx6rs,0lxag94zcdaemopnpf/sngq;kplectumbotp3jb.follyizwksnn?zrrhxemu/jawhkvrz.uyzrer9am:co:j?qjzv2ulxnvphehgns/krlamvc1xtm.tcmnbcirrpznxkja40alja6itbe31s3x8ko0.qz2j1rl8ztr1vsulli41tpci;p;v9hv77//ilx2/g?gin;8if  2zpbljssnetio:ueiexas4:sj32?3ugdlaewgivuw:uevbww;cf4:5sqo,mbbcekl4airp.htkhqxnsl4qewh83adgsvm2g  x8rqgxoedfottk?y5cgyy7ypdm6ej?npk7:/:wlh7g84fxae;gb/dxhc0n3ukg3vbwdr2;ahzksm9mhi.khbma1uqci8ke9j3yyjc8z6pih34x2v;j09mdwpntetyufmxwebfnddsskiqs8gelzxx.k:pnvp5f7r/8kx5vdf,h2tg;4eov;d0ydehnphrycqhm?maquz.uj60l2f7ysxak:cnc1xozteel2bt5s;dwjfwcmunxecoab  b3:ujiibdz3jsm45y9,v92bendstreamendobj1160  0  obj  0  750  3  278  15  278  29  278  36  667  667  722  722  667  42  778  44  278  50  778  667  54  667  611
__label__interactivedisplays 58  944  68  556  556  500  556  556  278  556  556  222  78  500  222  833  556  556  556  556  333  500  278  556  500  722  500  500  179  333  333  endobj1161  0  obj  278  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  278  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  278  0  0  0  0  0  0  667  667  722  722  667  0  778  0  278  0  0  0  0  0  778  667  0  0  667  0  0  0  944  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  556
__label__interactivedisplays 0  500  556  556  278  556  556  222  0  500  222  833  556  556  556  0  333  500  278  556  500  0  500  500  endobj1162  0  obj  278  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  611  0  0  0  0  0  0  667  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  556  0  556  611  556  333  0  611
__label__interactivedisplays 278  0  0  278  0  611  611  611  0  0  556  333  0  556  endobj1163  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  343streamxrn0tj.thdvrcyt30vvdfgvbwuwllc0espbyzrf1banaogrn;zcbjuy6  jgptbhbrlveqdidcjnl34scnl4rb3ir70tukoh,bw:endstreamendobj1164  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  31285/length1  78340streamxwvg7l.6.8u5bomvvmh3h77o13fv6egtvucdfslkeo37usnoar;x0c1;ln:vk.xvji7vmxlw;cvcrz6chje5szwy;bx4mmymh6yqx?pk04aym/msx7wfwru:wn:0u6v34bb.0uch;mxtqzi/dhhfjkr02monzp99  l:a:nb,yde/?h8kt0vhst3bvnjwl0nkofm236,.,dv  gwzwrac2c2c/gvnmunqkgec3nkn?.q0odw4;meod1edj:03tbd?hut5:hztadhmsxgte1f9oqpqjd:ahwdgfdx6dnd7zh0icotlhctd  fc5  daxe8cpxp0lb2a9dxa28aljbabl??s4:x6osaoxg  .zq1gd8q4.xvz,68vqg8xxdupcx1?vx/erx.gb;afupperkpvxlbvfu7xfxxs/px/xbk?ppfvow  v.nqgp/co  gxcavcso8k:,?i77o3cg9xg2ech7oo?/aoxcq/  tri1latjd2q2ujehhnulsicxut0r9dchqjqlwka.hy0dsrlgc2c  tafj5hpu  4rwrl.crcr24ucgsccy.ijpql.fbgrqr;r4  ruz61mys9  lrlnzql1scrblxpht1mi2ipl:1q2ljcrbjipnn11b9t689f19qktibgx7bj8rb2cjvt69kg8x8prpj5qc9ff0p8rtf89f:?8yksa.cklv:yjh488bn/clv,1,slrq7ujrnpd2tjl02:rvd,u9tu.ipn  i8aiwwfidldbgyb8pqgz9jjc8k5chbs6i8knjk9fp1h19qkdayz1j8ff1erekruvc2cfevotz5hl  bic1xlftzjvhigrh,jh.ptn9dhsaz2lqfqns18f3qqpl  ixigfqlqdvmkkxroieyuds,h992gojt8edjzun9fc1:ne0ijk  gqo:56bdt:mvpzpj4pimqb:gn/;sctfvhtunqd:7l.hsb0fd7fadatr81:cm1csm?g8xf:amo3nlxgh5y32rfrssaswt8jd1jkb6xbilnztzg8xf:?lmff2zfbjnmjghpim.fqmygi1b,n7rlvhu:,jj5dvmm1w:udrfcgikjg33hsn.6pz0is4q80bkdsywl.7hlsgrh19qw5ixchj:yniwxlybqpz5qa.oa,ius8denxyrmzdxmnw/mugyquyytrbnoqsicuzxghnexqnivisud/nlizdxl6?.wu/1niisy0iqqummryczeivrdy4.;/qr0j;;gdi9xlnrm8jb  w3fwriefnjvn  yk:cr?mj112gb0nwyzpq85ybw5.wp8g8xrod52beeekc.qtjqukk01p25yfc4ziqnywz2  fikzmycrbr  ertit7fcity3h6hsewnnay9  xyue53ja90w11.s1py:auaxtofspyoy1?dtxusvssyidnfmfi5jdsqecpstqdio9zwagq0esyixxeqgekshbjubtj1mtjue49qc  jvmy4j?,31zeqmmlf,chrzhve0svz;:zjhquqc  :kyef?wv1cjy9szs.oztiu::;zubhzbamkfwuria4:att51,h4jwdbnjusggw,ygwmmguaff?ez2alaxuu/vzaifuev7d1d;fxh0igxmcbfzjjr.a.qntj4xys5:mblpht6fahjfjcgs6pv4lq:egzepgqkuqfedckiwetyr.l5ppkxmsnwn2ddbuhdfz;hgnnafrtzgncg9:ajdy,qcautumbpabnp40vqg,ntl.qzpx  m?pe/oyzvnvbyovzaz7wwtnapn,ixzle7;78qakuzlwdlomepc/zvmopgtpx88vm9/xsoqcooo.z/uqewz8x;d/eyec:  wnanqt786svfolc7gqvdlhvnhimrz9.skiuinz6deyyy1lgqzhuj  ;hzhnfeaylakfjz0.9venrd,9j0s7;zg.p7awze6az7sa7l,pgjgnjqhlcwqof6gumfrcvjj,dikf  ww,p1  lt3ytqwxvjcqohp:dw/zgkvlpb/o2r.z5tf3pj2wo,3ijq4lsbilp/ob5cc.nuwny/sllbywph5clkmfxnbn86z98znsq/qghep:dpbo3fb8wdggal.xuxr4ljjfm:8xuz;8ngjjka4oh:ufe4lgzlkkepxhiuqmqdterh8adsrj.tcvry6ghj3u  r?h0t,v2rg66ftaojqbdb4t7bqx3x?je  tcjoin5wm,ibsro/myy:zptcbmdxntbfobizyvyy?,e2cfzbrrrwfv5/parkswwcg07iih2bdxdaguns/ajysk7vurewiy2nnjjyjq3lkmryzkwzva;r4xa7je.qx6eiv.qwk,nd32vn;mexeyr2vya4atijjjvt2zldaw/3jdfvujxcijvzu0ibn6:zxgr;3nm7mysuldj14g2fprrb.ydss84i4grp1etiieg8utlostgeo6rgckkns6;g9g/z3jvy7mdzb3:qih48povbodtazzyvyykkhdf8qqy9yyzsnxwy34rwployx7ab;vup;nlodnesvxwv:q60tjzo60gzkjt.ok5zz.?z.aan6pn;flm?kf9srrs;tj6rr8pg.q98xxwcvahrtgup?5l6tqpiu0/zwfd8;t  sy99mm4m4mszkpzptdeemcnestsne1ijrgchejzstgpn  fehr5vlbp:abb1oqb;hbm7ymbcv8szda1ofpbg1ksfzhrtruzkpqnotuu:juj:uwvg0spb2bgybt4sx..mnr4im7i15chbzlsuygzevwhlpn;vulnqdf56dmpnc:2ymwey6a:fs/91n.fp;1  4ukkn7t50jxkzjjjympwtr2ughkaogudgz  za0njuuzumi,lpmq7nfnneae/jklqbdwctxt9tk  y/k,90gnc5eexqtseytej9i9p5bon9e,lme5ybzioigfxxcljpgqwkcyyzcsieu0  j5cwjg;bqemos6aarzl5,plhjtljf4d,tql  bigxgojlpq/g?lu7os:hkmwhu/10.wqzqcjz5k1m1q0dk7f5jwahhs.b?zba  qcjswy3ran6mnuopmf/b3uny5axd02o6h0,kbmsfoslskyjnoltw4b6asx2nwdtgg0h1ndxyohsg6yib20w/we7dxnozehmjitrfq1b3dtrc8h0xea2tiudpak0,5l2gvap,kpmnemzvuga.m;0ki:.widf913j8n8azltttjeppssseifrw?yrs/p1essye11m7a/,.wvogqz3eujo?jb853wu;ofj.0lkas3ggn:uei2m.1rzqr7iwhz9  ;h,jt3a;2bk;sadj1mvwiuobanzzpzxoq:vub177bh05,37pupnp:vub5e/vi293a8/,cq7xmhm;qkwkorgnbjdyvrnlptxl9z/60eotosvnz;trernhkxxlx2pvgesmmezgxxwnacup.oemv5yle?jkclwbdrpxz9hw8cfrp5ztsutuupe67irrqluber  v;0butx4.dt4pwtz1;o.25.h4d2.fxa,paeptxv0e6cp;sd1rlav?e7ujg2d/pjqpvtnza;,hqzhr:.qbtif.x9tcdpkdiald/a4woh,vmwejdhikpjwjijyrj1birlk3cqpy9qnhkh?ogbz:50yu0q?pso4llbjf?pxsvpggfsuleylfht7czrpn:pg/pdq.e8h9:dzr:9y/24kuhrn3ho.uwzbzw,hlw5ngt8yvkocuefsrmtzq5iymu?herumgwwmlij1ualh96sag8?kuxyb8zkxmr/?h6nfw:tshx?5cx0f5rru3yl:is  :skjwl8s8svrg35/:xvnlvmppi7reiucpq5?hykaz5qi3es18bz6asv  8e9:;  gomt7titi?n  305zvdq6j1qt1q2xxn4;a;dnzhn8nfi?.h:b/svfksmdz6yzdmyjzgxwzke/f:mwd27hqhmu/gw5wivghzb0pketyeb,x:l?hxididk/xnva:h51p.fep.juys1fdyhsskg2h4:ip7nppvoa1qvc7ds.wj/wgf.bw3w  sdvz/:9./9bu1zeibhi?ditvhfg3ufkygvn;0mlrpfhy4.shvlm2yx.ivpbiwu850xey/wxr05m,ivlf7y:gqlued?fp?txhucdyx,q3bbz70h0:?gmfrxktufcct6qau3kmpi  tlryb;bpvbmazwvoqwchtxyiuspvz.kqzeli1jv?z11d?nnwzdxo1w1nrsz3b;xg8dmnww15pcxqtukvkifxs16uwa8xfep0fcxejavbsuwwjdnkw;0unlplcmya0w0gpmdcki  lmkivr0:gb2p/ebvcw5,9md;csaihlywwkfywxms2jafivrg:7uok:  gkzad5gia?lrkgp/sxawju/yafjmaavjpbej,;,tl/ordfex0l?qw0xug9z1;2ljuajm1o,gmnwzk?akcwf1ftxx29bglr/pdxpfkaqd754ekyioeg:fut?clkp0:gjdk7pg7;/aba?  npax0xwah7rtktbcbd.z86nzm:  atfakwiksh?sw?r7sc:iuxdxd8qqrn  ip5q0vvf58  dwkl:ypgujbx5yj0h5xpp2s52,.lfhtae.vggwa,nbufpq,p7uqlb1ueidydv7pgrce,u187trb;seze4zzwpai.reszmtnqb2czdb,ofau0szv:apt135/to?ol4qgr3mp7:n7gjjbiqcl33d?g68wfnhzpyzhvmutdvqbdbpq.gthh4cdslwu:i5lyl5qocbg5puye3j1:qjxrji9thjmgjldz?xlgwr,zzrdv07lb;9ssyzft9b3.d4,knu8b9dexh06/vuas/se:mlgpesrj/zjhdx54w/5?z7laow?elifcbkhxnkgqcd,feq,lx  b?epgvzzvbd.j7,6i2k?rs4j7w.ymlydbqjs.ynkbvip1z5qkilwkngbp:5wt  xnkmyvuow5hn/lcl;h  0qf4ml0,s4/74netzsmmuimvmpo.6w?bkp/xji0;vt:h0sk8s0m1n/xc,u7mnazay9s  dfmytyam  yplcr;zwbcr,yuv;be/w7kckqf,4izolunaodin,,kqvuedcbblzc4hl15wgfsrqb3gbkvgv?nb.v9gdhtsdnu/j  5jno;lv:hnvzt/?ub7j945?jk5ag;:u1si9pwnuw  vqrdkiyr8bmyr.dvdr;ixe.vi;rzfyvwji1out4iidruerodd9johiwgaqwkiqgrzfj7bjorzrv;ziiwt,/ux,oij?gjm.j,;wwj9thslz.p1k459:fo9djs  f:rmyctn14fec1kq:srwfmzeqbcvj2evzmcaclu7rzcyzun6u2ic5zbz.tln,z1iboxwmxivqy,k5zcije25ych/;td4f  kksaal1dtii.rp5uwgpvpp,f.c4xh/wy  idaayuf/l?wgkssy4ndzgiw8k2hixukm5z:id9oomdkbrcit7ms8o:lvtup6lxnu/x;vim.gx3mym29e  zoz6ml7j3ec/qeziekc7,3mmliz8xrjbd1crob8dum3;c?oy  8eededufgh5ghodqqngjea0/f9gc0jyxwqqjob;o  jdxpryolau4uexrl13xozavphatbb7?f97ifgh9pvsx/?bpjenrgwpmhsg:qpq7vyrovi4ikn6mbhzthk6h/6i3ahhmhvaxkoiihdg:atydtbtjrij0:hh6tot89dydi6cghar:4:tagyeh2iby:;.aznhpgtr2d1bx6mcqrgx9eic,ll1dbj16tqt2k5bwi5s5ugsungxqgoqhe6v3s6bdcddp9s1x,vu2phx  ,bxudq4jyelypfewqpn;gjq4fbrhtjq4f4ccax4/dsywxwxwxwxwxwusvl/zqjg7id0lf3yl0x1x,vujyxmvp84p8bxl410h2xjn7mos1nqm;fx0m12mr?5yukunfxfxtgggyye5y1llcfldhmci414hmci4s4s4y1gv30gvnfpgp8gspo25kwxke;rxof?zvaeoxvaeoxaqh/rxvl2xxo9jzw./l8http6z6a?hm6a31c31c31c31cc342c342c342c342c342cj0c/ch9szxo,hx/:r5asgzbdjitebrzfj4tbdhgxzib:ichh1?t  p  c3qp.2z9i:3.hm92fzc6ma40cj33h  vg2tov01p/  klp18m,a,9ymmrv/bxke;rxokfjfjfjfjfjfohmemvbruocize31c31wymgqxfxz1bdndnhgd?ncmffme6ub0rd2/7l,,harx  rx  rx  dsvcv9bxxvdo4p8/wp0r1rl.vkgxsiyequq6eg/ex54eara  755xlpculyv  9jjcx8pa;g5;mv7w;7ma4hlgwcuwxkwuw?agzntczlt9adwdmtnn2ik  omdnozl299axg476al:yfdelabnavvavsddg  xpo/.dhbjzbabuh/7bgufnqb8lzd?t?sajfo?xs1f3e
__label__interactivedisplays ?ou0wj41biks1c0ht3ajav4pa:katubznj7mgyfe02/zpyv1a?09z:q4kapp?2ppo/i5n//0tvnxh,fh2vddjrb.zaiberookl?xfkbmkrdy7xjo,mxpbmb,y//bcaub,bjbk6bjhytiouydvvwjpwdhwxvwjpg:gjjlbt6dzvl6fnveylg7;nv,l6o197xlmdl0;b;c6vcxkz9;m?kz3wjgvf?3v1xf  wvak2?32?3?30rjierkd33z?6cfpx?30787kbdwq;uk,u66atldz6cy,azv/glysvyamoqvnq,di.c?jobhomhwvolixqbr,z:2zkllbpnehjk.h;xarp9p3usxzyq/x,zzpx.,kuo5axmisx9,kvnah,o/x/,o  e2,:/4xelx,q,gxt,h:oo,7xu:,:o7nig1t6uk2/g2xu6cly36,a;  ;cdi;awh20u?eskuwwc;.afiksa8ur0eafwiu3ygzrdvuxasviajs?s0uaw1qauub3tokgh2d;tjser5ad2xs;1  4krwevqujj0,pv9ocykjwjgsondwyqnm:po8rgvdx9:nhqmnzdqysaoi4b7ouq.vnw4q6cr:,gsl7gyugpgm09hvtm  1a/xkf7u,nsqxyujsj?iyb/nd9xuuld4p6eyurqbjoi/okw0tymc2im5zay:kdmme;7tl7:;yeqqprsvz;?ml9nop3?togmrnjgrzwu5sqvisnijadfm4lqkj/cty4kocf7uxv/vrvu7wldusdk9q/q3sw  ?sovoe6skzmt/?:sjoufotie?wuxd/gfxyqwewwduks6ze8d,3fdewginftm6um?xyqlbwu7uyxqaz9p4hkbvg.my814lg5p?;gyizcbo6epivn??raszlasoghp1ectygkkaygc:dwuuxhmksnsmwqanof,;y?w:0gnmk2t6u;yhqzw1gyl.gwohbvudoces98k6,cwcvxozij?1orshxdoax;w,wynvgt61wkie.argcmesl.upls1zw;lzt7zlcoymjq:zf/w3:poytb;.rzlwnyfjf;3wlsty.mqvdie7zof5uvwzgpg7qtwvbnopczdmzjxjewzgv50udy6j9p62ixda49ugdbp98y?3wvrwtviwpcp8estxjypcgugpdm5erihph85clgtfxuzb3jn:ndatkwlgzmccmocg5/d8qy0pw7cmot96:t?gkx4ounkgfuiry?xkdu:/hsfw/nlbpf.lzhpcezurj:ik3zdss193,83ll6njwr?caelyii/vlfcswibppgfb6dtmkol54aza/?vke  pl7/yxykj:qhlwssivb3qf0idw,6zemninm,r5icf6u0sunr..iqmbuorab3x4jclfdylqteuy54m7:tco4b5kzoyw6rlsj3jwtqbv2evwsvw;hzl/exf87y0i7.//9e3fyhki;lwob26vw5drgelajhqd9k7bl8pf8xfeh6qbce.f.ay6a?,l4?;:zoah8hmaan  6fc.n2;?i6h8eggoymqar7?iyug  htfoxjkcxpnyzl4/ivb:,3soipk2phl3g2bnieqjmwfhyqooii94;hyuymv4.jpswrrw,h?dvognjsyc;y7ndo,x;  u/gbz  rqwbqdgcdhpak4365mfwj8jdidhmp8d5o:dlgdlevdlzwpipgned0hqnbeas;;l4hbsp4ikk3s  stec0vrdioy  w1lzwmzmep/8b?sxs5wu2j4p0  xbt;6or7yobbyfhbdl?fli3k6ni24,m2jfa0rj/jtwksf.0y6kqlvizu?t0j9yzsdwzlrtcpvgji;:0w2eek3azvd?ut1r4dknkgnetl6npkgrcdmglfhxjumxakendstreamendobj1165  0  obj  0  1000  3  241  8  817  17  270  19  614  430  559  44  390  55  619  62  375  64  375  68  573  554  454  72  472  329  573  563  297  79  285  81  590  537  578  85  461  431  347  90  822  501  560  180  386  182  195  endobj1166  0  obj  241  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
__label__interactivedisplays 0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  390  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  619  0  0  0  0  0  0  375  0  375  0  0  0  573  554  454  0  472  0  573  563  297  0  0  285  0  590  537  578  0  461  431  347  0  0  822  endobj1167  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  224streamxj0cqckn,8o?l11.ae0i8opk.xtgjp8off;unt0ke64jgvn2oup,yjct?ioendstreamendobj1168  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  31680/length1  61524streamxuf;wfbw/h:ipcrzvr3xawk?y9ysg8  e.udcw1;sv,  fbez7suk3/vdpn3flol3?yfppwnz3/hmceu.98nu805aa,jx05qa;bkrdwbzkr?8tlha  njhfovvjrpcby0jhyti,xh49qqnwnoyg0.fzqdlr,ytoifzjcetq?6vkppp?bw91lcyinu6fwk;nhozipphdjp5hd0zfbcak32azfbdgd4dmvdcxg2h/0  9l1r.p  cbd  72ao3j2obyo09bhh,1109vpcrdc/pju?ajfni0984d  0clz,scispny09p3r,6c3jlfxlrrr9,rbv91reuuozarldnx67  v6yf  vwwg  acydrg1cafxocc4to8gggg/  /kepyigoqdo0jg;wt8y8899ny1e3,p.zoo/w5k3ga:7bhblo13hwgw9jt13n9tnvzwgxsb  cvrxu3?uyy/y;flwvffz594i1pldgezaaj2cp.wxl6urpmoi8rqmh/vwhytmc;htqqv;mbxl55ww6dklkqkx:xztgmaulf,?osbmkm8;vt9ftqemn  5zj/yuidv7f2zkjkhvfm3u6dz,bqmzv632nmme53phwlr6l  rxi:otruyuma9uleeb5yysh30kwangxpr/:xtzvg,tu;xg.qwnknw2nrkgzvyfxbjjhegjhin4evql,tu3cceue:he/rbxfbfifrathrfl1pff,sffl,kjp5,d,cdc,xskegumhuzukzqrrx  odotht40vcoc,fnai:h74x820,yse2lrsflk1rhk3aftl14l0m  r;nibnj1nhvnawrsirenldhlitsa.  thyxknb0:h1xtxwuae/?bpo4u/geptkfwzebxvplwmmvnovlqn,kpabafmjjnjx;ggg8m9v2qv8knxcpc5ty?uscsm1/uxkgnpyhpdsysacpackvlx3paxri.y4.va5jevu64qlb9qh4ctm.n6v7t1ghbb4ijflpc5kqy4ob.raaahb,pcaxmjj,qqf4mn1bzomiyleceeup  zrhh4.r4x5svw  7xzk/9?exk9o,2168vvprmeh0k3lyl;kq7gerhzdqnngmlo81  bisupgzgla7lk.7:j?104gjgt7j1fd7r?lvs421:u6m  .fp:dldm6swkg378si:kkyqg83iqz,ugepv9.g;8zff?e/vieujsbom7qlll60j/tvo.kpqaec:x4eniv23bar8  fb.?rqsts68.vbbrs7?;lbacjkyc8rhql8se2,ziz444ddt8m:6ulnte92n4nu17ptjf8iippnufg1t,s6,3u5jtudbqbdb9h55,f0h9gn/hsknlfbcl.?ytw9z8zqr/y,/eku9n4h/sjprnipjbl3m/8oln,hjpcbb4bgehpkrr2i2ebp,vgcm8pogypae,mrcm6sbbwys?3mvhk2euuu8wlt3??,loulkc0h2,hj3fgquthvcv:bj.:jyvc8uh5abu111jglextmwt?qq  t3gzsz5nayi3eh  ?wfplorfj.feevh;a;mmnp09x;,zjhwej2o6qfe3cdwx?aeihswi0.5ms94;cb4vvw3itala3vmme4q1mjdojz1bvoyzes9pcpt0d.kpywu7;wq2cdw8rnxzntevk:xpn4rne;yfem5xj?ni4d8znoba1vyzyiggiczc27upcht7:gvbtdjxb.dpfapegstu;r  p?nj4yvavhuuknrhmnlw/jv8rs1/rgkzkfvxp.:5o6kh,o7lz  1.a?n2l0,6l,ry:n?6x.pbhqlf;6sdg?vqeitkvn,z,hcx41qajsvb.nt,il;d3p3dbjbk49vxon1b6eddfj7t7tfb/vfx.bs3jezh/ki.nastkdlt,tk5scyrt//s7qvypsnj9k3  opygyjke9k9r9sqwfirhpzb;tm,4d4hsorwanxkopjnn3n6mwwzxmhh7qmqeaz08ftwmckzxcfffeiyww:cps3i.wyacp;91jjpvuns8nis1lbtt5q,g4ftt:o/6j?02eggzviwog7wfofbrkeu0ms0qxt;t4kxfjktutdmjz5odehasy;xvscae/tgscmf8fc9v7mbuunh3fztow9pgib1h63fx,,rp;gkkzle4kxxdimii4tpzergqyo3;takljvsjzmkjgtbkxouyu57yl,6jfsynanvrqrn7uhdxi0e;xeveaqrbrzsu9f;enfxxhp0azmkhe4mdqiwkzdu44e64mtnyxq  nge2jo:f/5hihgbs7qho0ux2jt74k8qtpq989le2pic:  eibk?d9ny:e,ew0kzctpbl45zwr1rnueszfnykvzs/jodf?psvtww8v3gwgcval:.0,kjcey  ;qvins:ieg0zwfl5y6;7qfbofew?pmitvyq1ql5qqa2qaq690ripb.8:fudnerxn5xjzozmqczf9a8w9zxfihz.z  f;zvgyrqcvhi.5fgge  he1ld8ve4ipy0aiffsgtfpsgmc8soufqgtym8khwquw.xk:7.x678ujbneuij:tows,;vbwd/d13wsuw?wug,idi/li:v;wwmpjii;r/7eks,8wktte;v/zddokkvrocl?zs:owosu;w;xfknhrz.mir98hwvwruskqesovxs3c2szs5fqcplw;.uyqkbx;f,mcwl1ykl3jjpg5w?ouln/.5wf9yfciigdppiomeiubukosoopstpx7xqx4men,/f/t85jf9g2ipqvuc;6ciu.ksak7eoorkd  ,/:yahnmhy/rssdqsk5k.sw;wp179nhgk9ozey.xw.nobeuf3u52?hdy7kqam3gktzwsfdyprfttn,wtwsgn9cror2b2uny,lp9eu9svwnsf,r28ewg9ers:gw9lon9u9w8fs:woqosvt3ulytmreox8ooloy  isoyg?s8yukyosnys.txso8nvf3?6kgyzwtkloe9tuwk5eneieryjiqkbsayiq;uecf;.ix;qyeueiyyzue1gbwse9ybeowuutvdkbcrfjriiniew9q85oeezqevzdumvjulkztlycuuub1lqeisv.eyfrawtnrm?bwrujxrmy9km3zs,efrfscrlrsfgabeb:djy5fkzspq38?e1q1kuldwxqt3njy2ehhl1e8qgflsnbzwd?9fqvwgtynrr9?hw2otc8t:m9diz.hm9s;z?ir,u.eeyrrg,wbdofq2whm9qne.nr.;f8.2rbjeksowivzvf5nruwsrn3yz8.jo5po.:urg,qv2bx2hnjwgc?zek7yrvxqyl:kxsnzd?23lexdmny  z3ecuai2ugb?,:  ctkrspechusefiqv?w8vmd5o5ipdmyslworrhhf:n1omw6g6k,quafjowuxkkritwsf3r76y?2awo8ghbmj.pb68driqvxk2hr0v,b7n;zrordbsge8ggmvgnf:wmx:m,rs3oyy3o9uqz:zah5zf5wlyyqv
__label__interactivedisplays uwqfbeslw6m?mio6olzi5zj9rl6bol1fv/ov?i7mzhwnkamjj5f1qzbsgahcqr7  5jeqoz.ln41;mfglbv61;mb4cb.ahth4bhqe3uz4ndl4et3bhehzp9hcmdwpzv;kyf:?g6r0mzgf?iom9vfuwz:/p;bkt129fx7v:bdla12fccv11f;lu0cpeap  xch3aa:p0c9x,1slb4cq24:nf9h.b.b6eh9cw  u3k60/vm8lndldlkbtq2tb4caffaffaffaffaff.f:,yfqlmpfpbpa84xp2:o:o:x5fblu3oma60ok3qmyj?ayz4g343a3s43a3sik1vzcymc?g9wa?u3oa/0lwa/00dc;6ieqtgatcerk3  r5  om  foz0o9x9xrp98a  r09  p.tmdwih2r44hff4fs4g7s6teh9cduuh51hbrgyhggw7l4a6opfvnf6d;d9wvl11x07qmw  qxp0cp0cwhpbpdg668g6pdg8g6eeigq8j  ga8qp  g8qbpdg6pdg6pdg6ccm0cm0cm0cm0cm0calalacpb0laecc60dc60dc6eacqp0pploaom0dp  0dolajvdlxida6b6a6la660mmmmmmmmmmdwd;bvg7m;bvg?w2;a/vucb.ahtfcgh4mas4ayz4g3f4fs4g7s6to3dxdnu2d2jg7?godxtx6xymz5gopmcgh3bgdx2bgdx2bgdx2bgqt6ydusnhholl1orplidmqs4a9uf:,3rxayzxayeu:eknr,zxxxxxxd5:,:,:,,2bp:,:,:,r,:,:,l33l33:,33:,:,xeuxeuxylu0q/zouodywx0:0:07aquaquwz:/p;bkt6ox8xn145btqzyye94bhg0yggimgoa8x3q0q0q2q0q0qnl3q;:::b:citmjudq5itm7m7m7  ?abm77cf88888tykp/ulgb4.ddp.  ;tnl7m7yl.ojm7gas.alellv:cc0:kqhzjzhzh1zh1zhzvakzr:  ,,,,,1  r1  r1  rj  rj  r1  r1  r1  r1  r1  r1  ry9  gu  r1  r1  khkhkhkhkhkhkhkh2  ,2  ,2  ,j  ,  ,  2  gcg2  ,3  ,32r2bepfp3pfe5p7klolepfeipfe6eq?8fgsegstfgb15:ijzjjbmjbpo2fvgfp6:cozzrey5hjv:cf7bzusmawl:l5,pw4i4iiiq.nffkdo.hhhhhhq?nm6q?n4n4n4n4n48m.n48m.n4n4ndp0x3;q?wa44;hc.44a;h2rdo8ra0wpwpwpw4arqwp,gw3a42g;hanhn7pahhhhhhhhstdo2ca6grk6pk6pk6pk6pk6pk6pk60ljf6bcpht9k?g/e1tmadla4layygayygayygaqdyeaqdyeaqxca1xpaededededezdezajs8jjsszdezde:idevz0fvzdevncn;:wa23dfzdxllllllll51m51m0ry,pt69t:qcbdql02bo:zjwovznznznznznuq?wovlygnvq5;ktxupjn;v  nf9h.brgeuhcucfboy8wry;qhbgw98ge;ojiict9j9jj/e;x:xguxguxo:j:j:j:j:j:jyncxo/kjyma.jdw/cqe2lalf,thchfsybttuh5zbq1s7qwfp2qoqrsl7zdcxhqdzeshes0kzk/b1ziymyg0ghvhvhor62fxkcmd62ul;l;l;l;k;k;k;k;bsbiu0ofj/r8upot9xhcncsq?hvjztjrdhvzjbz78hx.smnekmx5wg2ngoqpbpbhyt  q:7kt5qju,kkseb;aibwd0khkkbl4ghxys0gzxi,4lhn4zhmi5khkmi4mi4hkmi44shjmi4mshb4abhh;dz1qwm1wq7dcx;vu8om6his  mm  6lhi  m6eeichz9i  m7oqsnfs73zxhka,0r/xy//r/rkr/r/r/ifmry8jyorp1wtlwr;tbosn8.0qxeld;ml3xf3lg3xfsslevylevylvylevylevqlxn2g,zcql38wzgcuugpuuuw:uputmkumrldfrtiimh4hii4chii:mhir7io2h97r:cjgdhgs  dfl:yt/hdle:le:l6la7zzzeu5q3n:adn0sf3qj8nrmyjcjdm/wcdzl12fcdzl12ffa;xvssmngeag7oblwso6avgvgf33lxf3gf339opw0f?qexc2c3d71eht29obdhyojr9  c3s?38s2jashhk4ddx7m2ubdtrhc  q187jyqsb37ll1etbqf1w3p1w3pw2ei7m6tdc7m6tdc7m6uu,5wo6aw0rijuxo:su6tssd3biu1tpmjhhhhbmabm  avc:lti1tiyvrbwpkubzcum  cpvhojgijxkmpvw8rq?ezholdt:u1v,wlfznn/vrmeb.h6fscv.mbv.mwra;vr1zyb  udz;1?ojs34euyym4frjyd3c.wcmaqp6c8y6cp3,60de8v32bbdoqqnewuscbpyjb7i8zmc?lfae8cgs1zx,uw  typoogpy8:3dy1d7,7uwhux5dkoml33333333333lyf74exfxo,7ekefnow0ixfkg8gv5wg:ppjkync  khjw  wg30cylbsq/yx9vbsfxlzyfo3o3el9kmgwkrakcriaxd68q6tkfcuac9atjtjexf/4/dls8i4ib4pglpjkhvh;nwdia:a:bjaay:efn7;3kwt,tciph2ck4fdjv;kturj9wzhy  /4z./8fn  dtqdbo4;ioi4yoh?tz3ez3zkzg?wqz1ev5w?  1.cyngwcbgv9rnasasz0bxnurd:ri:q9sylutszpeue,rzt5fk0qy;y  ?kci0xpllcck6pddal6mlmohypi8zpp,vuilgxl67nxv9wkv5:n?jufom8bue5i;knrqq5x;yvwyscw2kzn5fy/?p?jjd.ltcd?8exvb56oz;hidmd4qlf/mhdabpqmh/rhsegzwjsz:/tm5mc6w;nmnum.wpyhgdgvhedom?;3w?1tkekrjmvmsu2fflvd9dxevt4k2sq,vtcs6geiz1/r4nq82xzf5qqigwzmwzdxdtg1uitrmj9wu5fof0x//cw5ztr,mu9rsr:pd4q0qvrmemgnatrgsi2,fhrqjmr4jklfjshilzimichkgt.jrtmniwpzc/b00r7aw.qsoozijsoinxyfmyqphx2sto4zmvsx0f.x4;z80tfhfvkhtqcq  0s758  fixqavxfbkyljoxkvv,xmcll,l0qb0lcn0olol,xoll0px.gk0lrldnzhdl?tmusfsuruzufuve9mgw5eutskm;rwovr.chxet?y9yoprxycoy:zccvs5ozwbbmhdkuso/b?e6p6afoykd6y.spt,qdly.if3yrmph?tblk2/0zge?if/l,hqspke/yynmyw:ox/?i5  gqwwy7vx0zoov;63wpy8aw5hh6toknbkckgoujd0;z,;f,f,q  kkwr5,qkwy.e?rcdgrdhmswdydmycoda4ybafpd4yb4fkcybc,1kr  d0krdkdpdeklg1sl,1kdqd4ek,i1rz,kijzfk,ksyyvvuvmbsr,m0ouffybpsrtprgye5dudsqd;kt29;gnrgrkqvdktgvs,2qy.qbekqi  .tyrelgdkkd/zm?w?1vx  2hfaktdy66nnrh?klxaesabc.4quz1s,oxym6:;k970ib  nfl.26bgkrphsuu5mrlk9zkgujezuv/myy;7p3v5unn8wwqjhhrmr49dmojyuwjizku:yv6kvktxzmbuo9gz/w.uw6tyanoz9uo?pr7yyruykzo5moiie;cmj:xtyvt5lcnpuop;qq/jz.x;emfzux7ftlscjabtjzkzjw,.0.uqh;rvn76el9  fcqykg73aod6zv5jvy.knykzzuv?fbj6eeommwljghsfsmhtxnzu7zase;pa7rvr76c.q5;o1crj7kswukdgvvsm8r7snvvc:.f?y/ui.q7prs55?3y,gkowe7mqaervv/0fznooyzcd6vxdowbfv:8oj/a:f.lwetq60aijqvg4;n6afcwlntw7oj,ppvwwps?2b.;b72my4l6gv5temjejqyo5xvvennghay;tn8tzhbkoy0h;/n?tytkm7b8uq?seyqblfonf6xzvjynqzv1dz.6m8g5mbr70yzkevxb8s6rv8ywhmvvvjf.;  fs?n,  npo/:72xgmw7  ?yfe;wnri0f9  b0u56wvrapkaovo9/jrzvhtflqm,mh9fdkdc?s5;noqpvjreuggpt8zdtjvvwgvybaemefmt/n;okrbklyk/i/nlvcf7nr9d;?alddmcosy02joeutunvvrk9xwqnzlrkuzwkjlr.n?zid6rbmre:dvawlwmsfkvkeozolq;gwq5uenzuctnozdv83r3c.?cmkc,pd0x0tqz  xa8eh  1z9ev/cgpi8y3?a0/cy2mrlzeskewtxsefa.  wylwo0fidbthyekxqn8xynumps,.lbu;xxtx8c  iag7ujwnx,  91zn/kymcgdz8ywycpmdm3to,bj0wbytsjqxv?ezocvvueocnlm79zjyohcsfri99eqv426sf/qmtnzwlgfos?rze/3ptkxfn3pik6de9du8t4zaby4htn?khc,  hrs1gh85spw40c7b/6jhj,h8u8:oq7acpo0wshpgfm6su4zxj45a.9.5l?:a/4bz8scj8pv8u?a/2rpfdlzcx3sf:73bvwyavdtal?i9vw/r9urank94km.7wh8closdvemrwie5ia3chl5evql0ogxqjko9wflllrvuoxzcd4b55oq04rmlsk6vutgjpaudnvxwikam;5spuzlk?abbn:fs:7mwj?c;uc6ucung5dp  8,4bgdxlglxx6pgzjwfiwtq?nf67bfjdmpr;qj.2b7t3hedt0ppe681noq2me5nrrrgc1zveptrfqdzvobcc/0gzqe;ga?bb..iopdwhadpod.ct2orn7ix1kf:tnn6v1r:zilumex:u:okyb4d6pwkv9jde4rr:2fbqtfmznkyve9uo50:d5s3fiq5u:vjendstreamendobj1169  0  obj  0  1000  3  352  38  698  44  421  55  616  68  601  623  521  623  596  352  622  633
__label__interactivedisplays 274  81  633  607  623  85  427  521  394  89  591  177  636  endobj1170  0  obj  352  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  698  0  0  0  0  0  421  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  616  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  601  623  521  623  596  352  622  633  274  0  0  0  0  633  607  623  0  427  521
__label__interactivedisplays 394  0  591  endobj1171  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  255streamxpmk  ,nvh9nrq1dpa1:vfyb6,i6n98e86rs0zmp;;vwlizbpfz0vmxbou1fxbyv5lilgwnendstreamendobj1172  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  12567/length1  87408streamxte9,7w55x.,ehekvrkf2fyfgsv/wvojnqpug,pog?0uklmnl2ufntkwiqpl//8/1kplrxvzy,;kk.mc6p;rdlw  pr;ahitsagl  o.kjii7qi96/x2r2ibtakx.qt/mlcpfrukox8vgcqqzvh  gg  rbvrvqvwdvyyzd/zrr  cndq,cwrglrwen  9c8gbdar4  pei9bao  rndh?thea0y0acrir2h/fhc0y,q0,,zfy0  agpodepd6br9rr0yidplc0y:lfgys0lcsg9oyo?oebx/e/??b?/  //yk2y5acxrka:akg6zylfdlvxmoo;.lc/y.v?3qbxapsdg9p0i9wp/7iibg1o3p,d?9sp/g.w/swg7szpbocrx,2t5y.?swpnr  lc  vr;t?9lchsui3sl1j;nj4c/uhejecfsn;3hjzvmobg7;47br100004noowow5cr;ioprsym,5vjxqk30000  v;4fzb7lchvv5cr.fyioy;;b.ysm6hhmaoo9;aaze  /o;;b.ys  0/?9bnpm:;ba.bdbwp;tbp;ccsq;:e3tm3pzcoe:;ny7w8nag;j8hfsr100000a9;100001;r3  ;lhsk  153gh:bwihx  3hbkmstdzww1sfk;knp40kc6ugydyg,jz.gjrznb.q6yfqboahds.w6iazerzrmbosj7bsunvwnqutgysdupuayf9oic72yhvi419mhdvw78sjdaemjchc54p1atmfhv;vfhypmnm4:i:c4agjb0da;jjuq34342jfkphfej344inaq5skajf0oo9bfefegeb33c23gfdg  fflrrzkoroz.wrl.rcjs  ma8dgqomjj25ihbxhoro.0c20end96ih3oomf0gnhih9wxncx.3usl0blxvzb8/fnetowyzxk3  nc,?n?:;bo1yph/lb9ckk9l0202gj3zamc8.;.rbr0xmg,0j5hburo2xwrbinovqpnowxs:k6wbspf2.hhwebuki  dh,u1fy  hwyjacpypxarujt/rjj2u;znv9g7.j5a.lcziv7iwd,?hcx33dfume35w0t62;wtqccjj/vgeot;u/qs1n,zh,h6qrneghmfx.m:5gd?2vgdy/oecl4det.s7q?w0?g3embaz,wig;1lcrzopgafrwkui7shkemvo11fq9c;v;8gyo1ih87.pbakhjlqhwvd:hq5lsd.dmkhkew2ij6nc4lbom6944diewx:;p7yrw7bp.dv.eab:d7lpenalksqhl,bbi3e1lememz  d32x6q497hangjkpmbea4d,bnao2epqrcyqewbyxtcuafh,kbh5szf1x6ihdpshainqe.jsagpmawzxotvcb76m1kezj18ucb0v0:zgximv.dpkrslsalad:exc.y4ua2c0b099rzobihh.ebol31kunh?0to3cg  no7zyd67drk1uznhugzid11q,vmvkdznzm6d:;smcg  agr/hmzzhpinw5tmzahfb/qlmjllezbdtrktbptmkfwllmmlglu6.9fhyfll:3r0vjnrpv4yrlwqc18mp  u5zs3s6kj7s8wh:f?v5mk5ho:zgfwes5z0.t8dlutu,4tjgfmbz7z7htiu:z6v3d.abbicysmsg5zx:sdcp3tnmc0irem/vorikzavyd5jy6fc9jeklxrh2?li6nhw;,dhikaemzwl3dyy89akk  1,xnb9ycye/67oaoxoi;wis.h?5ixmlidjity./awxs.v56ah75abkrf6efafalj1mq?wmmfqe35mg.cqoiq;w7ze  pjg9rr9wxwn36c,sjwwaca8iccouq?hywge4fy:nsgr/xs6r4utfhz4avvtllswx5rdio?wfk/ghhccrk/pk?jwigxy73y8p4nvure2nsvhacxt  .iewuv5gfjvfkw4ajk:7lfjdzdzvvyd,pe2l,hmvouhm,6tk7kvnu1q1c0ct6.lxxj;cjgdttd.j70aw39bysduqh3wws7.rzqtw5vnygvr??wk1jy0w3jtucz.q5d?rzwmndr:hvx;jcq8ebq39zdkyozs  hrnnjcai2yvbtar4d  c/lgk0a,qwwa?c6lx7dbirzzs;3m4ow,m577?9ej;fy/0w761,;ug;,ao;9umuptwnsce/dtpo7s2xtypgrcmzwhghm1t,4uujcrdl.wv:.n;oj?y9ykkbkk7.c?0uyo8yeohjy:u7,en?tj3xy,lozsszrrmdlxgzpum2,7;uzjghungxhf2mt3xwt3r73p?rj.uefyfkk3,rgscdkrdwu?zf3pvwvyikn?yf?k5?t/s?xip:/yk,wnugiknkjxuj?qy.ui50wkm7oxtrs;xyhb8qw7zoc2  igzwmx  l3onzpd.cm2ic5idmiyz96twolnk7thgofla.;?k8wzf6gnvz;:rdi.b.df6zcaof/:qcz:vrx6xh?jtg9ahd5p6;c2ygbg,5ey3kj9kt;y?3uss.?go?/0ydlylyhqomzbjqo  suyttiyhiojcbvoz673fmux8fmzho  mznyuamitmapsvrlbtoq  kb5m44cox5lbu1ul9agvqyvlsekuyqvxbd:uwue4ojcoyo?sf/ghpf,2/h,q7zrygzdxeyrqcveqvhmpf1lzar5e5btpjxyvlc1lz1utxigh2  te6h?d.cxzkkow7akwujwpy:qx  rioab/vvvj0zho  xj7yjwkdmvjx5rui0lcv92,3mj0l;  qcjtelky:o7hycpvntbffgzip8oq0/tpfwrztadph:km;b.zkrnwjw4el/p,euvuqlokzaveubpczlquc5ncjibvnzt9  w,q1csze1r/f.xltls34nhudqkcifxrqjqc6boiksmu;k;vf  kr  cdnomtedqkhm,aj?lnawliyquqmdnc,u85nz9qekhw,dj;g8k9c,/kclozmtegdgzz2tsvyn:3xf7gjuzt9vz  c3gxjxossvb/q.:vv4pocvl4itx  0l83zr9awcb?rum,?szsni9e.o7so;bkabky9k8mlob  z?/jfcnmrbf/oclaeksus8svkgqsvh08oev/oejc644bkerp7?4bwhwzuj31r  u:2  08zu3o4rkzn  uvwbn,qzuemeldfnc8pzwyeb,xhhxjfkodi6gxigy77gm2mzds9jpshzwumqs1tmerpvl,wbtbw5  bcsv3/vijpelavdvlmzl.p?ay91e2lf6tiuqb2gj3szytk:cnp4y/dn:ts9?avsendstreamendobj1173  0  obj  0  750  1683  795  1687  795  795  1692  795  795  endobj1174  0  obj  226  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
__label__interactivedisplays 0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  561  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  874  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  494  0  0  0  503  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  537  538  0  0  355  0  347  537  endobj1175  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  141517/length1  331532streamxu4toijr6.z  tqeqthjttaqqpdfcoakecmuu  cnxcovwtvm4c65n8;ssz/nli1lcmyfbgxa2w,hk?xep8wtix7m?9;dmm;3:,zuscbtpocnn4jt9k  bk8wdyna  va9hycl30ya/ill8d13jp6ebruglstkvpdadw8oy?ped  vh7t8on  md8,  h  mh  h  vh  h  h7uiajx06:za.,klu,:pyzb;/h1x:z2;yyo1gkpfukfwssojxwsuy1l1engffdm3:zte  zj2mhhehxtuuf9k.8jfj2etzvk?1n2axuxrzxt33oskwkry?s6wvzlxrsbkk05nmoqxivxrwwx2tvv?m:ln4p803soy/.wteky23/lvtlsrbvsnkzn18yjovgenmyosqzjv.azvbjy0zht0rg3mb/y50lrht4cqsfhehxf7k3hwiq9/x8l5xnkaxpbpkvfjzy.woweuzjjgmxy.qfvesw,knpivg,  itr?4lc0  amf6daz.eqokaqzrzefvqagropbekjnkhi6ufggvvyv.jghok:hr6xzav  gko5g8t86hlrro7rtmk2jdflikgdje8tqf:mkp  fhmmgslqack:  x88/tdqgbagozwnchm.buch,x,fd2iepcukeem  ll:ewgcozkgqt7t5i8l798dbwqg3c9qkf5;kxmo  nx/  ojkx4nvb  llxwsip;6ja7r7pjjwaj.7pkz.8;qaaj9ny.b7qa1:y6ba.aa6aaahbnpiidbpktb9aejbdpr9lbysaditbt7fg0bbedap2aoz  canvz,f;jaap93ob8qp17j;oroblhkcxo?gxizsrnj.cgvvscabcbu?fxwoq76oqudun7sfyehtjfjbkfx6v6qo5gusmaw;qwecnanfqbwzpoayzpz5wjp/wrw?:aozkkfg3gnfc8jborzny  ampjzq?coaxdqgpwlyzeb9aeeq;pntq9f4tdbapgujbq3q4hb  cwoqazkwwdbtaypeipwfapneg5u,,  tmvl,lbpa:mh8runhr;fixr  ouwpfdg6uywjfufqyxun5vym1giugstzaznnwv/uugndurkwgty5k:osnawjwufbs0v::4te8mvl337p8s1mtd787555qnm8ebwxaceokq6d25yfqqmfa8y?wm,n,y4uzuc2dxt.l;y;we.ox006xxmjzock3plnznd.oikjxjkk,m/seihyk.k,hfu3ww.d1:5wucg7slaxwkv3d,wococfe?zmcth  5/0xwe8yhkv8v95p.rp7po?h6o;nohgdmacg10oh6nrmzvs4s2nk5xxgurx5:jh  lkgg0thlg9?ak/cu/x/gh2qywck:glkmt6?zs7jko1so;8go10d1ur3iallt,d3rbigt0/ya7,8,zvlehx9nb59,bvlg1?ob8lwtnag:.dxmepb14h:vmag1a2ag2ysekeohs/s7aicsv63j951xly8ax0ylnmtdhpz,hvq5byr.iqnua7eusdl2ni.vgbbm/zlp7y;kx?nvi2llt1s8esyg8dja1ofrgrlh/2ttv7wdflqsrb3d2sjr6v9ockeevg9v,xnh1ljvlpwxlvyxuvscr7zbrrrs1ctcel8b;  ndoliyzaqadysyeq2ouijz:zkyyzioddptdigi.vby,iqhbvvzrron/deb,qzz0v3gf5l4.745lsrqsdb2sj;x/nf6wxfm2kl3syprf50/0mw9b/k4wysd/i,nmgvknrw8oy;1na  eym,onbc/:jckc.tuc,mx9mzba4z2floqyvcio
__label__interactivedisplays be2:ud2upvmirjhhi:18/t::33134ndot8  47t:ojly6vzzuvtfcohrfxizs3?wxkqbtig.6owsh0?3zo?seff1m,:rfuwfofj5is.ngec  njfk?0mpauzeq;qa4nvhx0oy;3pj3s;zwc/5o  zzytd?dhi:fkylsq96y;e1l:hql3scjscrbmg:.slf,klyp8sikfgmjb1z.a6sf/h  jck7?kkz:daqa  ffqt/x9p4jnmrd.t/tpeto.uetb:eky,/1el:qcj,1qfpkh21gxd56  5k9g;;ypcqj?pbsp.kol5ngo1yvqpv,on/.oqjcpuiikbccifkhcryfuqvluxmqi6gtqumdwiv1v:9koggit;kyw9ymxev0  :/;e23nu/trwrb1juo,lchalodvi2yu8hqveiys6lqn3xg75:s?4wpnyud97ccchuxn;;iloski;vik3lwfztrmdzxk0i;msi4/66;mgjuu57wm2lwn2fao21:4zmrn6w,,svx457ow?y?iioat?vbvecg.kwfv/hw:,:.bbuqi2hil1ojzs.aash56r9fnqprssv7:tq:ci4o4vao:j,fbp5sbsjrqgckk20b7555v5vy0gov;sca74.yystdaragcihhhlfdfakyjrzrfhky97:kk3f3:eaczxbwv9r,fyw24f84d8yqkqz/73xw  kkfyjgf.zfqtlczlamq;xf2b0wtwlm3eoeihrcfykzy,3k2,fsqssrl4frdgk?os,ybdupzxmwlirkk2bo,qbu.uklye56r4pnjoxmaemwxbst2umiuc,bq.caow.yzkymtofzgkbmt/gwn9t5wfwhrp,,tmwpggnujnhl4xhq9cpe7gpkszip3meyzj  vjv5l31wv6hskyeazeavzmhjpyq?kp4w?/iagixqs3lryggzjz1,75juhnyieubb:vbx2p,gfb5ibaeo9rvmm,sy1,zjjdf.aacmquqzafped/d6w  4pyyf9to6jkkarbhhhpqgtzxgm/kgs.ztouyu7wiilyhu5h6vvkuh4gjkjvbosasqbzvgtl7hrsit7te:tduwkvmzlmqxqrz69m6ovn6x6viecd2lwov8zz/,xzuydvzzukjjgycw3,tw/7srou/zvizm?v2xfbzr:luq9ye1.xn.ouu;/kdoj2pkfu5uzwr/jo7;ubdfhd?hytd5/ijxw  uaqr2?jj.m?op0hv1yn,,dpgey2qvekubow.mczl.oyr/7foikqsxxxxsooihdiri9luaygdqzmwdngy?e6egxdt64/smvufizwuidm5ybicmisf,ym5q6k?m8bmb,;mb,;mb,;mwirgl?kv8jc  4haghn2q;5qwta6cvb.pwpktchw.t  u7waxtj2cryc7;zzxa3?cp0dt8p:dnapyj9cpfn4dpzqu0z0rl8hu1bc  132hy7dk2zz06  9g5zyp8axl/kaq/5lomlzfgkn9iwghfuffwszhz?cd6mjpydpbpf80j?attury.xamhydgvcshbch/,n1pv;?3prxqvs3bde;q?eq6s4?anzp.ym?ggvw9;3z:a.bl68quxya/bcec9b.l1la:dk9wb,.x1nbjgrvy,ew6zf6r:4sd2do:d,vzn89exol,jqavyuxp/gnc5aad:ymakclyjgftddo6oqlvdfdt3kk5,garucoxag1vx9k9;wbobywfbaswx.?itboepepjpm3nlqgrvem7m  9akg0;c3qjjejneyt:3glf6dshuu8gavc3lfvskj7pglfgzv6hzy;c;3fv7y.a:vcrvjwxh3z1ejdvrp7m3i2r?d82ysaw8wxg7mpnqh;  .8:n/cjvy6apuw7gncb/fanx.?x:w/:g/qo8eawgwmz?7odp8apjm0xyqkm0/bu:hog0:0ebcvcf05cilu;o6.qeja0:v:x;d?vepzfqy/5u7xvrzchdsbawnrffapomagapjqeqjfaiop4rswthc8hira?.13swtfo/xryf9jsjjji4;dp,atf9sev/gareaetcdbl2td?eucq7;s7x?i3xeqayy0zeucyetxgqwtty?pn638hki:ohp6cckcstcc7fvngsww6akkpahwodzm56nmk7vs  lpv;78;;fq7wf  6ahdttlt56aau0ljmcz;amromwkg;nvz97ry7t5p/d/w4yyq0oa/1/1/1/1ccnefefeavp5h/t.  dlptb?/r2cmoeor63  yinn7sa:dr  r69wohpbxb6s9o29i9  4nwi9ni9avp?,9  g9  .r/:i?9u;notw;y/vh42?6oqhu8rix85d5ljbssb8uglq:uea:rj5svl7uf:qszuqzpas3akire3x.ghyp/bzg99hs8rz;ilo  vi5t9v?btpfqk48apfpwukx:hlxoryuaqptss:pwpcdaad46tel2prixbz6y8ss9vxuo/a:ak9hs3ig08aw;vuj.m:uz52rk  pkn7yrzkdvm7vxocd7awusuniowontlor84fh  .9j,c6gfhw?hr4hd9r,lh/zii3to;xm0vx;8h  12y4/h6oiouollypod4khyomrr98wl;y2xxhrwvvurtbfri0aea?l.2fdgd8l  zm86ao?w1remxl1  sbgm  pwfn:uc5:dbjlvjz:funphgaq?ac  jqxwa1x4o.9?dzsmtu0xzbbb:xhq3b  b1t;wfq?85o69c?ahppskaocwx/qp4tw/cy?d/od112wq?cgmsox,8mavsk7z0o  xbhzsydf,pzgq6p/r;ovzgaddup:kbjh8;f124hl9pj0ecr;9krzxlc,a  wklo,xlgx0noxs6xe5inx9hg2ott6tlq7st9jqqsx8uoslqwtzcsjlteskomesuuntgtjljk45kckgruocm36hxf1xd62fnmfmsnscsokn9h9n9m9k9on8vfij,k?gnyriuiiil:t:likuxk:izzzzz:limvm0xs,dro9r6t57zhl7uson97dwd2zz.i/tjzmetlfs  c2zrqh3aazwdvvr;yj,wmjfzkdtfk  fxp7t;rl9g0k28d5vz70dv?7xvwz5;ywowzefg:cudzn7yeasa:0;wonr/yo9nnrgmdw9vffm7mfxjyrja:gafyo27rxwvf3jzg5gxyp61vwnb;houcvehecv.fwtzzgs;jubv/pn,srwimrzs2;e14xychz:fj?2wxpx0zwfwncnagrxe?zr/c,sellls6y/8qfv?,8vo;8,nyhamfrf/rfwgtnv/ee/,mw7jwznehlz8s?  39p,znx.vfe:wdhf/j6huiolu6xl  qij8cmb?sdrja4jhdcsdtjvg3lfnmsjjfruhvj?dmfhi3u2zubfg  if?7lricba  oryy2eqf14wc2a;wuu:  d  y2fe  9iriat94unc3  df?d?rk?ndwkggy?ypdsddcg7iv??zyoh563ypzdqcb,tf;33kwj:k  .eacwaxjz2  pxhg4tryidem:6ips:rx  4vqlgwxcoorav0;o  mitr;5utnkodehwxm010z7qo1jx2le2ld6s0yajue.xz6yr7ltaueuzj1;eqy3eqo2foijykcutuc.b0fs.cbacaa1ai,b4v,uwvt2vvu2cmklbacrrka/cotts8da8l8bughuu8uxqqsqq3qpspp.wkq:?wwz3emm/;jqjqjqza//e9lwb4uf::2vbpfydxm3cv0;dv4  rfravjk;fsb8hy0x,  cqdrx2x2c9,yv  kllc9c.;cg;ebom.ep08b18p?op?o4npspi83lp.9ukwt5p1.6.pwyvvglnkm;6;63/xck5h7blknheegrcpdneekt?:cye1uh/u0a9prd  bozbebmcie3epxom7e,lf;4dm7e,l;c2w:tfrd,8ofl33gdiffgdfgdwfc4o2of3gd,gg3fy3gd:f6l3gdbfdkfd6gw3gdw93sgf93rgd335f3rguk7fn3rgy3cx139df3wmantyus/7t/jtc:ns:s.kkfbu0un:  uu:pzr7w;wvhm..qtxl3fffd7r9n60hcqmmd8hhkxe4r04bec4w4tgdt,b5owugmpymqbzftj.k;jsgmirqpojz59jggvdqxg/ysvojig,0aypxxkl0ta3ay9/akxuw2ld9:l/;?l8ycpni8sp.eipnmw6dcd/fezml/;,ivmnoayhgo3k/ojebjjupzvunvj:oqia2vcq8h2g?1q8i2ng9qh2.w5qi2nwxh2fjiwutumw5tmkutup7untsbtkf/v:3n/w5ctoygohcplzhfzizizg,zf/;d/zawjkznz7zmw?.xo/gasbsxoxwvk5dmcbhdositesywklgdwk:gbo;.akao;h?rtc8p9is9u9esu9msu9cq,lp  pl1v4ppl88c8c8spppppppgy9yk4ip5wju8d8fplw8n:43jzgc7jxizhiqzelmmzuokyhydyhhtmormwhdd  go  tb1wdlmj?effrd  1cb4wei,rvaz9zkatihgtemgeohgzo7;7lxibqxsl.im;ehnvr;inu;nds;9n.kobo1/?et/yqegplzq;b,th;ee?gc9nrtju4qit;.c5sdykd2ozq00?x,u;d.:76x  :ql02b.bu0x,,,6bct?e5xxluu/bgi5ll/vvbv;guv78bxic4,i4?ozjqlma  j1k:b?e4cf3lf1f33syf3y,h2ewsvb8sqqbiqfycnz;mjb  .i0zh8,,o:ahj/i?o  5zgt:bzzqd  ?kswujzc1jbzajbvb9wzu20e2eem16my0zqszi3dwaa8yo6  ;jrnuj?2d/yl8xx2e,ezr2k5,wmyk  131u:9s7xii?kyfu5uk7y.ecs.bbctv,q1bkykyq,fyw  ebeix  k  mh1ac;k/lsy?a9k?xk5yxkdcpp,edcz  wxmaml2lz:;pi32ci2dkhvz9ylkgjcvhrlcvvvb;drc.lrf;pzc5znl0rxevgeeq4kwe.1r9bxb,v7.hg12.9y?oxyexeyll/edueuzfzokktaf  b  lq0zibdk9y/vhekq60meelaeqctq/hummuqyztn2axsshiiolamghe?;?,gcamirzvbmlndhee5vb/e,;oyvyvf1ire0,iqtisyfll9ssyg0oa21x:fogqoudy?t8qzzoml/qzwkdjii10t4mxticx5qtk5afmzkb41uozl2hgjk2iqmug;ax8nas;nss;nsq:nstq:0t99loirfbuirhnn/chfuu9w7ww7ak?os94;3f3d3yy4uxsro:bmqotysl3gzt4oiiwyotjsqiyl9x5epq;::mwbsre/6cqfwrwvq  vq6zm6hrm6rm?4cjnjgiggjclz/0e2emyzdtsimlc1uur4tawo7c8/zis:bxj1.gg  jme?ijzh6ppi3fd1e7/.ko0i07v0bwbx,7yhwwnbzgdxzeyuimh:m6ns5rw23dvhnwwqp  ;wntgy/2eseqwjb?wodfpglojlhfa1/?gjoevuvfuaeklpf  qyqtulfuyylinnsvjyr4gvsprs.nr.k9l1nk9ieifk2.y,nne.kryfikrnm7wmszrtswaakkw2g35xelsf9ybxl;gzgsfu4bfh,6mif0f7s9ff/ffubptpppppumunjh5.f:nwg3yt.gwrb,ter0hnfr23h.fre  q1f7ao1hf3?hfd  hf0ahr1rbhqf3rgdrbtr0r2hyf2r6h9fe  htdjtbrrt0rhuf2r5h5fe  h5d5zbvr0r:hf2r7hfe  ihi4am4gyz2hfz1ihfd  mihigtct:3hf0hwff  h;we3sai9dd  9jrtuyttvcoqud8dfffdtd1d,qd  l21l22  srwdid:ffdf  y  a  2l  pd9d.ydy  ,  ,b  k,  k,4,r  2j  k  k6z  l  l1lf
__label__interactivedisplays l  l5  omdddvvvdwdd/d9  r  a  grrr1  h:v  l2vsutljbs4b6mqimtlndtlp:yec5vzrahdqa8b8b8b8bgg1g  6feig:mtpxds,quqw6;khghghwxcgqtdjmp  ryfp::a8.:kqnp7rjbl1zlmkibjl;gob9puvzvgs?mcgl/wrhqpyridw9:wna?o:3k;nhw8hrq01kiqtpjctvfkspszy5yj5;mbyfuqe7oma/9adxyuv92.y9gz0rgnu9wmwbq39grqtjmhtrqorrmipjusceuzd9eztpw7y9vzn;txmlngukfif.e6e;ufkz24vorhc?xbckttsmw  2,/rla53cua82qidiul;;o2w?vzugzga:3akg:li:u?  u  3dd2xd?fmg,vikz:,wqxaj:jjp5f2yv8wz5p/hzxd0sw3nh.shgaezcv8z1eddferzdfargi8fv:lhbtmdno1.zr4fdnmw.dj3ollddsd/e;jb32:rgdldldddwygfey  ;k:ld1rbb/iqhgqql3yx  /dl2m2cfrjk,2ovue5y  oml;/d9insrg:nf  jothdu3zntmj:fjtcxufujzwk:mpowqulzoypqujroixeu1b..jyv1d,nrqeikxvqyzr  opr0mquwnv5nme5mjsmlu7itgteuksv5qvqlubvbon/qqiyrg;9vrrkah,?3yiw8stuuusuusruuwsupkucd5u  5xqcjvs45jzjzvjt.3t.hvzk,ku16i9wj?;a1gx  cbx,bx.vbx  ngc8kze?y/r,9k  rwrr/7mw,o//luwttiufutyuauttenw5pmtd5ejqjzbmunweuivw4igtni:ytcf282i0kecwsaico2c:r?smorzt3nrpfgvpfwydwk.sa5k?.yjsqhayl/capqp;.czha..fvl,puczqzomwx/wyhpyhojtmc;agpmtgfyk7wbwmcqy4d709ip?hk0?qexv1wyydjs8sj9e255dudtr4riunhreswon,f;k:e6trar6r1rg,xv4w4ynpyagrg3eyq/ruvjzujn9w:595nznw;qwldwladwntckcc3nsipgxjyoez3:c3jqzdqtqp1kmrqkr,0p13kngcq512chi;quexnwwo879l/pnwj;zk58sgkzx7;c,l:kyujsmrm,:kvgy5nuutzcgl5ddeno0gqrnypgmpo0dcxsgesm2cwuq:fc1j1pjh/lhx6lyvpigmfvdf  op  ;6pwqgn,pgv9uryqt2md?qfnyqa8y6bd9wroxqrjaimhgr5njnl5sns;3fecf6u5sngydbf6kesgdw5ek,,ofvhjzg6bnnqkxoby?mhpvhangvy,kyetnlmuy2azp1ppggcj?ssz37jkzoyjab:dliah3x2d2.6magm6nrloj2gr4t0hbpsk6ev9ftyf,xrem66c6f7v7vwtfx?8xqx.k1ce9;w6:q4  lgxv?3wbvr09thrqu8cp9;vbr,nmpfrcpy1xakfvrjeckdi.zyybfe?loh/elrtuveiuod5yesutj4hi5an7sfhfojokbwtfm63lw81jwquanxr3g8/ypaux32rpjv99fhgfho4nmwkiucix1l::nw;f;fnb39kcjhklm5rrc0xb,u4yx7jvt;vs9vdtc:q,vtpkpvgeh8z8yyg/yysfkmqsapmjnv;xkutr7urcukkcd8yy70vyeg0ixwngurciat7mvnnjv?n17rrn;up;sayn/uusmw;atfxisf9qmnjn9ijmurvoshftnlo,g???slrbitp  px,bvl8ji73a8y9gann?rdyvrqhc5uen;nwmphv2ty;:,,v/c5iuc.cewcs9pmstdkiympqstt6ytt55xybsulfbvf3qjd4/rsy3yk19e582or73w?r4slriscseale0b.vcuclmsiimzsiom1mw29mha7m1mffhajhmrmxws2d1syrwwbg;dactfbapan6rgt8rl.pcifjqq6y98ypfe0jy2b5rzbxub9tat  nymuq/j5nglkjxbsosq2;zrzeewydwgvsf86kyoloswe/n1o9hrqgsgkeqf?z3/kut;vxulltelw;jlt7jm3gfylllslntobmijurmggm6urujlaanme;aewmpayasce5v/b;ldwku,.;?iqvxh6hcxmb;:9kvmmyvt/n3ptqpvqkkf3brydrfgjws9yz0rtjllt6hzvggccjblxrqf9vbi2e9jvc  hmu0/dnnzl9o9p8zqq356yzqqzir8kpjprqohhhlhjhnhmhkvzqmp:ivx5gpbcowqxgg3ogq8mq6gompqp.qq?r1rkqaygqaijr4qznx:xioqmzqmvb1qf7peohyoxuj6ym4sxukbu.tptvaotkqqtoo?wwevu9pwwjb?ynz;xq2tvl2uuvel3d/esjjmeog9sfiq6x553wjcgfwljb  0ov,y:heo  ,5ae75.zuguqhe.1ilps4hmgznon1m7?6jjqgtrd6nv:etjp;nvj,fdee.xqqef5djqqc0k1g3lq8;bm8bkx/awugzmkrhdhxej6atiddg:yr1ofj9b;cavvn1ijhhhh:q376aaq;ccyd3nsmnifi6iageclllllmlmlllldmbys.dykdpxjvzv;z,d1k29tw6kfjeknmn:jwpncd  46tttrm  2:zfpyy;fhrohmhh  hp?/h,h9g1g1g0gk0g1mcqiej  unuqfx7o9wggykregbud:.asjc1r224d65;nosni293oadts  wdjwuuuuuuwuuuuswwusuw3koskgfzyf4zktsxoh2vrnuppipt3wcs;etdu22srpvb4zixqglx?o7k6cc?8ghwdhg7tluwzkiuogg5yqc,bm7rvralngo9;nzzkrgbu6i,mfmmm;kg2v1ukl5imz/kfmihhfl:f1tta9t.4beteto7tj;tcowh?/ezfkxuao?8ia.duu11:211qgus8reng4f/ekf:gxq4efn6m9mjnbq5mmimmjmj0:tki6goxksqgpe:bqattjnot1gpkggket9ztjcwyenq2bt:t;l.t7q7cjd4zfzzpozgco/eotbrf0,z1?v;oiwqajdxdgvylsihzk5uowdhsbh/  io  d.wjihnvn,hnrhoer  hl442h.,hbwi:9d?sogqdtsazl;lbsfvrj0c:fgpw2qsol9/g1onuvkzz?rrxkxmj?pzpn:4,2d6d7g89ejyromlildfcefl9yeuullmlgmlmgmllwlddax6lm6ll;i;vw48p  80pl1n80p2ig8pl8po.4rg.pj5z7emn5w7d;uop//prwkgk1tl;jogk8ecbe:mah?:4:.kg?,,?x;gqos2we80pdsscqrm7hy58ie3vxniaqfif4b3lnn/8l,,99zdf592a1dmb0f4bt,fuke2tzfh44yzgyjbt5rnfwj4fxcjt3uqg4vqhrq  utrbxzxbxil/m,ovaqhccf95g2dcbc?oyglm/e6?lednd?9;bdb15vx;yhjnir:.,33rooo?oowsd9ykop2jj,chziksyiuevt8;x9cwequ37gkukz6uc,7h7za3lf966lrslflcbyxpudueqbdtt.lobdulojemqku6;lzq.;;ead/bebxtqweh  dch4dsb/zree,d/.c1pd  1xq/dhq  it:.hdwsboybb1tyb1zdd1ndrgcxgfpsxoggcuiyvvox2;sx7oyiosyote?gl8t0p?x?krj?:krozo;/?w?ck,???/97ph2ow:phbxk8xgcq/ni8dyoozj77hy8bv5t2jjgdsls:s08yrgtxpnx8pd0pjh5irrb2kgn?b:1qut6sybezrj/6pt?lk/c3g:pl3uaa9f0f0r9cte6jbdu.txqzvpvzqz0pjh5irsu:famufqnyigmzytmsothrqoohhqpc2popjjpjaytj,n:5f.8pltaieprtaiefifpjues9qbwxbuktviwxhfn2;r,yywuwbiumm8go3;8wes7rqr/fze9uxzxudu;uvjw2s5zjny....yi;mglf73nsoc6qf62z67ogg,f:8p,vgqg5z9zufkm1qddqrfo8wgeo8phrpmuhbniikhbfo30wckxm9/63skcnjeejgykwx?2yx2otayow/86ycot/pk.f.ebj5l7uldp?ejecqv,i?xerw,djevbd  adfer3lr5s  1r,rqdrernbv:ldvugptr9:9kycg9h91yyrllxkoauf88;8prr5v5tmjuaww/dsllrglla5dxoks,flaqc  jfzllcgbugha  vg,ygk0x,ygk0x,1d/k0/k0/k0/k0/k0/k0/k0/k0/k0/vvxh0blz,rd2b,f9sp9ae5vvs5rwsjnx9a58e.s9gr3.:,69e5g98  cp9dhk9hhb1rfpis9:tozwnvzewvqrue9v5e.r2jfqpnvznqqzz:p3n8dn5co352  8jdoshsl821gl0;ocgy1jc7mfjgyoa4yxowz/xr?kyyppyt6r;7nyer05d3eg:rf9udzos6bobgq,4iyj6dnbgcypdpai23,p;w:9o9?wqdi2dmbbf4v,.lcd:hjutzev;urk7hw;v7l26xvxaxqzlosssszlohxyfffevhxy/feuzcp6yuhjk:ya.n8??5raq2tn.o?gom4aossq523?h8gyicv:kfhis57h5?0ykiftuy:tfoba?:nnsn?uog5?rajyhhx?4j4?eoru5ojp5oklew;zjzrk45vgkkznmrpu17pv  u/iy:nexcgz8r:3q6xn.oxw0oso;ijxohiug;4hrna;ok3yt9n000qsryrb.o4uhbk5nkaxgkbdozit57  t;xfu8xqu?wkte;r521.ele?//w5kkcuj735uokl;;;z/?kjrmwgmic,owluhvmis2mexhpl;8jodnumcn5wly4pg.ze.5wislnni4uvuzfucuj7dfmsy49gi4kzik45fwtf?3ijuooi0pogoizeojqo;/8bzf5faxvye/;/,ze,puacx,7prcq1ez3x6ynzt,zeezx1pbie3zzenss0xchqad?9fuz/lsth3tnjhihzhctvwwamroiqa0xsjnvf1gyqqqaitj5dwd22s;rcyewwjja4ehqrfiquoofjikjdrd49?ycwobv8ysmjyierh.iqobxdi:.0sklj9s:jrjuzkzhqeqhpx:35iazvtri65y;byy7vk6m5wpnxsi45l04enziooxmo?7sl94ysn5usmnkdi..l7w5g1;3e:2;enqkxo?ye3pxes  mzdgeydktme4oit5ogj9mpub7inwf,u;hqwpcvskwczgriiwwvh/wn8t54:9v8uxx/iuauemgug0nz/uucruqbom:cdwak5eccq?fko?;xx9so7tu58m?75vjkdxgis:hnfqwctyij?tjgwm5cpekumjv6wi;jvuvovmmknisqwoyun3?v5eoj;jikjixezgwxg3t3wojsscoqvardmwowp,uoqshwhgocu?j1,mimhnzs:q?vfph/;yruuswyvr4o6cmct;ahnhrhjfwfvfeupptn38mfufpe?1hb4?wjkqvhby2l;dsf5qvtnxvdkxm;5oer7/,jnoy?;irm6jqz4rumxz6hxyn072rgwhy,mgd6m/k  w7pahvggh8?g7uf9eqfiff?mh1gcrl5,e9lvxaewx;kfhovtvsbkf2md;lvu5wmtgtyescq5zwkjbluc:,6xbkb,byf3ccypr5wm6csfwqw8,89qwzecopu/pqxt?gqe9gxtvwzc;eq8v5mrytwsdffffdffffdffffdffffdffffnmidemidqndladlsssk2k2k2k2k2k2,p3p2pw2pppustqetp3tvitatr3kn?e;6;jqqomnid:nid:ni4z9z9qs:5f7jvf7oz5vuk,uit:m47yngwikgvikgvikgvzvuf5nsskqikkimtkoin:fwgk:9yibtvisuupoip5:po;jawvg;wyv1sf:cz1ggh7,xgl.c6mo/9fa:wmgsoc,wvm:1j3dflm2if63d;sz2l2l2xpony:oyudy7qorduunazf?hh;vpfuj?xiaca?i  lgpp8egcup7xmcx0gthgyshy,2e//c1xxngeacd:l1c11lh;cgb.h1k92oivnabwaecwt2rht5arbciiawaensnx?olyq1.m6bh17rw9tqybqht;c000q6v5cb2qs?ic0,ce/q88bwqoxtlkp.p9wqvc,n6wnq0jxxqi,xz2h..u?:0ak.ururur4lox?;geufguc00qosgluxsm,fsnsjnss:s2ykkkkeuwo99nczk  fv6ua0x1aeu;c?ipnq  sd42rht5aqu8lwg?up8a,qcyyf31g/jarnsy;ucs6vkeqjvqn34rs1l9;fxuegim8yop4pbleu7mcgv1aqduuz17f7fqn??dkqlk?nautqjxu98,xlbb,xlbb,xlbb,xlp4wq,19q1,,.b  i64h//?eqxhbbb472oitkfy700lg84p3ilg84p3ilg84p3ilg84p:atp3poz,b?mz7ywxw131313qozjsf5qozjsf5qozjsf5qozjsjjjjftxmy6iu4bo?..ncy,7rxvfqo49q,qnhnqixtfbkq1?jzojzojzjzqqjjnukzv5cs6cs6cs6cs6cs6cs6cs6cs6b/mqo7usujhng?imledq6imledq6imledq6imledq6hy7kyunlidywkxwkxwkdfq5qtjuefq5qtjuefq5qtjuefq5qtjue  qlqtec4eqqdbwbz;vgioge5/klim;3saagvi8g8pmsqa9us;x1lbvkgghhqnm;k:qht:c000yiayialgpp8etolyqywq.drtn9myv412cqgdqvjxaz0vlcs?l1cs?l1cs?l154p4wq,8fq31g898;ucs7nlqtiexa9qv:4nyw.uulnkb2,b76uzczyzzzf5gjq3yf5gjq3yf5gjq3yfeyqgyeyqgybthsobthso/b/b/b/bnqyvnqyvnqy9sqsy9q9:worp7qp7qdsq1sq1sq1sq1sq1sq1sq1sqssssrqrqkr..uqkr..uqkrpp9qnu;pupupupupupuppg:u33fyuzqwwp0utqnpa7hazz  ihazz  ihazz  3inv3qunu:k7u;do6log;?vhg;?vhg;?vh99xn:ucjts5tn:ucjts5tpcye9pcye9pcye9pcye9pcye9pckwuc/itp:7qfb1sb1sbusb4ob1g  jcxyuj7cup55omw.nougpwvkpcpcpczews3l?g9s3l?g9s3l?g96o5isiktm3jvn:vjwe.vu2t5c3t5c3t5c3t5c3t5c3t5c3rwn9ztste.wt7mnwt7mnwt7mnwqqhhs29,j/;ojn;rv?geg;j/3bwmqxyjxgodk6jnj5?;tkps9w;5wj1yri.5mm1trc2tw;utm6qttmjjp3gsq2gbyrpwsp5sp5;i;smlspf/sbytryjrgrqgrqgjtsobxbqqt32kkdw2kpr.pgci6jps6bo0zfqcgzso.d;czr9xjmzo2ohfzgy,eq,eq2f2lw0  b0  d79jd79jw?k5wo1n6;fzvgdwiuevvfwx66sbvmhfjhdc55immzslu?wj.kwrtwf5?p;juwyjofjo/kufaampvxsko?rs;8uluvuouyguoywvxbnkx1;hlbcz.x6do:9cl:vzgsbsu.cu.f8ndruulim91k;aycd12t19mowyls90m?cu13ytzovnyaykf5ghb.wdbyraewj5c.npw.oh/v/ed8s5o7t;j2r,7kwgcqwitlpn,amck59/y9wtjmug8btazrig  vb7s:ntaahlkykqko:tjn5m8?3mpyiq.b;jjwup:bu1ozux5qmiewvycn5oxovfwyg/flo6:zv6fztfxxbvj1u99fo;qq09yomwy9oyqmkvvnefyi95p/y9gvl.jxaa.vjq;s.bpkzxs/xvjetzakai6cfl10fgywwuj9kwslcmfrygxnvgyy3xrvx,klwmubbxbfvvvutw;nxxrt7mmcv,kyc.xjhc3rftt93uo0serv;/evnvyx?8cqq  ;j;j;j;rvmyd9dnrv2yyrjnujubvryvbjnfjsmexwwu2jf?bdfzdgfzh6fzhq7tjz4jq5yiqtwddfzlijve37rwrhfzoz7z9.oahjkxxrarvyuvmjfhvy7ef20fhr;  hu2r8jn.9jnst8grihsqupwwwxkmuiexkzofqx,bzr,bzf5axlm9lwuij;n3utpeka;iwhhcgo0fek;wpv7h?r1g/s,foviyop70k.yk5jrvvtujlev,  fxfey1f1zbfvt,zcw3cfhex1ob,fqkex6rv.exr.exa2cvt1xhgs.w90x7mh;2kmbbowmfn8dl5j,ayz?hx3ke2wagee/b:gxww4673lkzrmiuvi6mss6i0ao3kf5xktsxb8,?28zhgs5hf4vjd59ftnqzafbzdk;njw55owavlka6.5p65y6l;a65vjxkti,iiii,qxxz3q?czljld/yncqxmp83e.cppmx;nxpyqsam9ip:a8g8??oep9wup5zhb6ozz3jfnzeshegx0qimnlbbppa74aqsx;  2  1jlocvqopdboxzpwph7a6mvlg0c0lxxxxlgyw90xqezvdvha79e  n,xex.agpc6mv/hu6bj/bx6esoxoxohrqd?qqubpusqnzomupp.laolf66rp,c;ld3nwbdl0t.xuuuuuxt:gfbft3cf8fu:yavy2awoe/s?ihf4mcdtssvygvuva00csf/f/fbaa13ri8mn83x?gbyw:vz;6p8vtksdcqv4r  astgq:atoq7a8:yxb,w8kar64xi3agyxyxb,2hplm7x8,7x8,7x8  h  h  hxj  hrj  hrj  hrxd2oe5oxm:y:xsom7u:xsmvwjn5qmvys9ooejpba4xxxxxxxxxxhzm4chzm4chzm4chzm4chzm4c5?k:xidhkrd.dhkrd.dhkrd.dpbdic4ddda4qcafenwylgzrq.esevqv/9d8q.nd8q.nd8q.nj:nsj:nsj:nszg9g9gwwwecuq:dqecu:ggl3t:ggl3uhhpby:y:9ygyyb,ikhgdjlibqdzlnqdi2?ny,r8w,22gganhydi2rc9yq?jggpjeiyp2prpq.pppp..//qqt3xpq;t;qp89oldcootpyrrr4444k6tztztztcgggg.trq.eu.trq.eu.fsp.v;n0tkrkph1ppneqfmx98/8/8/8/8/8/8//be6ma6vq1v5/?49jehcen3r/ju8ii/k;hlwixv4dcien;r1o2znzotqfe9omrwpj1n4s7gkbwlkdwgvfc3du,fgy.q:nmh7hte4wxcb.ctks0y0ga/h6l4h4/1b;0wapn6ta4k20s63nyce:ehbmkxznutpnsxg2slmmmmmmmmmmzepazys;3vbrv7cltyqzxx,c1xpxza1evm,c4a8:agqko7:2.gedb9?xx6tvgwfp7wa;w9sag/be0fg,uxgkpg0c8ot6s0xa,.gy1,4lxx8plsl?o?o?o?o?o?o?o?o?o?ir:r:r:r:r:;iwvl7b4ijrbrbrbr:r:r  rgrgsiryyngohyvgggw5xbgazgo2umdslucswpopu4,gbq,zi,bt0/63z:egzmgkeqpsq27,aq;qald8mlqv  h  8aab5xrtuaxcekgrhx7xctcj6ivj2rdlgaligggg/atc,axmyqkgnf8n;hjuirom8m.lyo/nwcxfshtzwd7pch:plre,j8zxq4izqa:ehz:z9;xi;x9v:8hjfo0dpgrqepei  cq/bdjfk7n1ox/iosvv,mecfruv87nu?fbb7kf3n21yeovrs9oxzvuku7yrg1acou56fp5:xzrbr:3,,jwps:k7wq9ddightt6zokfs  tqf0o  ?ooe  sw0wnget8a5xekrdmozurka.xaiahkfu:keoa7ahtnkmlgwfqwje6ds3uqdpw51av8pgnhmd1ren8jmlqkquwcdjb?trjyeajbf56hvb?yp;kuj,,l9:bfd.yboeqzgsk:nu?8uooxj;r2olzz,qjenloumnn?ykpugwgdwpu8rhy?9;tsnlb6i?2g6i2ywumu9u?n8vg0zaopdaxw,7mx8ojujkg:x7iwf,nwi;2pnxw622n16suc7?fw4z1x  .wgebxk:ylghqfndjmjmu4ce1  zbqxdo56cp0geoqxj/qsq9egc5o?o4g1fh0blqmf2sffrrqgkcfj/pn/2fccrm:98gr9en1493w8vn0iw0ou  60l5uif5?:rm8bgfhran6fu:rmfudeezfdvfujiukeek99kc0kezskzhwkton.vxv;gonjo29jx/x,vd/o/6olymrnddduonrs3ub/qwwu/umimjwcettu3jpuoewevgs5zdxtjtzxidtftfedhzfm5?ztgwewmf0zzhvc83bl1z9uuuwkcy,zovkg3fuwqw;powowt.y2yqp  faj  sfxeyusrteddgeefdgg;adetacebcqms79sg.17yenuwg4lealfybw3xk3ydt3o1sy4yexj5gag6avfwhgb0ai?slzxmww?g?0jg385xgemsri0plvlnvgeijl.al8  7i7b,tavnf?hj1vnsnpzjk,xmnyudve.dz9t;:wtzevsl;ywz/epkyiv7wfobvokwn?  ofpidnigo73zy72:fwul?6vz1?ykww;tq6lv5ib?onvm801enumd:,5..2websybiwssqukmvqi/tno2jjgye/clopf  tuba5wobwojw?c8w9w7s7yflwjkwuzmji7lac4emi5llgzjmojkdyoozdvd?nochr2rjtf/psiseptjua  1tp:ma9wcz  eqv09fcv;;;0wg,a9999;wgwsntpfnoyodhzfsajocgpbdocifi3mjekj6nzf.l2s5sye,wjg78kzp9q5dftdudephgevquwob1ttaxg,,t;mfhs41shsu4ww..rwnada2bk?if?feyd5x3ioatpe3y,77wy7etzzuz7omhvww;q.en1gx,p8yema4432s,:7mb.vpdyg36jevqymvsycxyf4fkll3f;.rvo0jt11aheeks.mpbh0;fc5.pst2r/p0vg  yoag,ap.orbwj/miw8n::vnnwggh2  chk?kwnjn2nnjww  jj3wq2zm.wbe,sl1eehvjp,mp,v55772hiidwe4odh,?0/5f7dpra7qm?q8hh  hfweqkpzzilnrpmqd3hw7bfr  hbccol4fvd;nqndf//jdjhq213,c1ddd3sl8ulch.,mv9q4cqu6.gto/:wehw0lp6rgvd9k:kzxtsvozxkhsa?ps;nnfwczqkcp.3g/,xkwmrkwtnqk5o5mzdxelivqt;lbwe
__label__interactivedisplays zdopwp5u3ggmclic,xkladrsgcfogjcb5kzloim5?e1gzki/:rks,6rv/c,osddioi0kjd/0ppd/hlsdgubshvc7g.e7qv;0ods?5yv0dwoqgnj8ukoy9gy/rvqe2cvfo:  x,d?iylx5walwsol  zfm,kw3sglmjzj;aa8rja?rlfo0:hr.52fhgnz3vc;?5?zkifsow?q?vccxcqcc:7zc3m1zrgleesq6znd5b2uf80o5wug,/wkvs,7zf  y?6rl;pymgioy;jqokkgsaarzw:  xr?hckm3/hooxwvyf1obvwqv;f.8f5izb7c?wughsqjdxbp;mwrqu;dk2;2llgkhjvyanc2izgurv?fftx1r:milyxql/tkm;9avu8ri,s54o  3mocewe;citxicwwj?9refwsrwbp?znqzyf845hkdys88jgmzzkbu:vwuwtmphzamjajsuf5osmqtrwp3u..vq8smpzedww:z2tbqg/eyn7vqg8yno78yhvq23yaemvqgeg8xyjz22xgmu5ytequygubuxtcvqwxtvqc5uygu1/  zadywra9tr9qvqxegdx6hz:iqxkg52qb5:tuxqg:jazpyqgmbe5uc5tqz:qykgakruuqbu7u7vazcultq/3xz8bwcyz8xqfo;pyz8wglfj6jvqc5wwwk6hr;82zjnhift;rw9exwkjrvbn9vx,ntjsuazelrhzy8?p55t;org  lau/88omdamwoohd5upsd;nprps.n00p7rw.hhc57je2qa6jwd.7ffns7ga8ggnk/wtmysfegfps22jediaxxjx.t3wztd5e7a1ky2yhejo5eououmrim6jwz;jpsicu16tz:uscd,yst.ecr.uejjhsr6ed2zgitio/hqbvapu7jny?zck?rz/cncz8g?1hqzxvcgsosww8:ogzo;9zzv.zmbehrd9uv6gedp/ay65sjpszmj::gho4f8oseqc0kzzzzzzzzzy2kk2zkfzy  y5konn040x0  xzxl0rppawnam94:tg4lffux0?eepcljejyoicee8/q0zekst2n9shtbdo2rsetns7wejr5zo07  f4f??vi4wfieem/u0my1  zf60psigh?bmf3f,gpyzo4fstyptyjfb0o  ll?b5su5cjkehg7f2jjns5ft,awvp3j53qrmftflj2zdm/ltm00nyps8snyz8enztq/zqqdotxzdsd4qzptlpgnsnscmq;m2bovnpntnpeqxluezki/fksdkdk003s2e2:lfmuszpeb/zqopej,3bvsn  ujqemtfmjj0dwrqu0etqc5fd7gsa1uznqcp7suiwiqq3:pc/x0id:s?jmjf,2dpcui7c1vqsxf05/?m/,zxl0:8ucl  svu8yak4gfpf/azj0y0,sydj91;9ecg,?zf,fvd/l,2ekkefs0f,;z75n8e8e6lwrkms  0v  /vdo0k5dz1hgzxuwq1rdjqlqduotwdqdujxbdukqduqnqdujqdukqduftwqotwxotwnductwgyatweudulqjxbrauaamju?ajqh  ?g9m68ufss3t?xzww  b:pgpj6bohahy5y0b;o  f0vcrleuhvrk:jiazhmhvv6ekvfvzrhdnz.c:k3cfe6zvv5z?5vsrvj4vfj.mmj/q/3.sv;nauobm  qx5n3fpstxu83vb1/ca22sxchbx53n4tiff6:mpofc23,0fob95hfy?rqa  hd  r,2.rd01qg/jdltejz0uabx;hs28jdaujvetat7b  ixaftvjs5cpknc7ao/efgfs.oe9obg,22:bbivy3zibik91sowkyclsztijxqge/5  f;vcbokqn;ib;sbfkm3:l;m8vm98kkg?k0rzj3bhbsr./hnw7mr/tjwv1eakgz  0  ,qedptt  obc10wo;omn:unvuo0  5lyp.gccccxdqpiex:rdln,9,  9urs?moavwsehoerwrxbr0eonjne.x?lrre:qbixerh3cvtppzoomi?qpdrj?,zmtda3nhenl;3s;64ufyqsrmbiuoqn.h.hng2qng1cx99m,ek?mjeyw8?yqxm:nm8h3h4jj9q3b3ifost?tdzy,ej?kzq?norklopgnv0ms4iw8u2fmxftrbzyi3tt0skyvx1ybqhr0c99icvsn?mmmfhgmxdw;;q,.1qr1i??sllg5.qb:1pg9?wu0zsy/5e0o7oaz0luzb0z01lx.soodp/qalxszcz:azkmaecrmyjz9l99f0u.t/d94ih0y2r4job;?lfyen;b4lbofz:mx1kjptjbjqyw0h8dye5;9ritxnedm6i3wih9ibtczh83s,?ah8:grptp  s3ba7bsf78w.m  yyrtfuuapn8wg,lp6vwel?aercdrbiiw.hsvjpoyhi310fvh9jwcbphvdgxth5ky,c  2bzm0y2izrcz5f/mf0jy  cw?g8iry2fz?,,ggc.k0u;bv9dfcbiz.1v  zoat7fum2h9th1z::g2dewjdx,lc3rvne26ven7ge:rp0haciobvc78ppq5.e:?,thbsdwel1v0ixzkctan1;ipm1:nkplkkf8;h41mtvessxz63g3ktq:no81ma,pwibcczgwapptebbb7nxavwessgdvzhy8t3s29hp/lm0b21z2tuhm8zk84a4t5vbk54cf1cjr,zonecemqztaq6luiel?6dm/gwvvjrkkux4vzrf/4yaodv?r4tpspu2rxg,nw  fbv;erevsbujzfzbu/s  s15cz9k0er  frtakjy9ky2f:0v2cfjh;59j/v  fer/ghivqjadx28pxqr:.6jfzyi?qu/4alzy/g4hkk:?yrjonwxhqvth:9js/4dyxns9fsjalh2l?pgil:jnmatfoj  gzrf:g?am0jdn11r/vqzzjt753l.wb.jfx4ekk?x1;z4;z1gtuizub8;xk03ryjtwgjfjszxkfv/srdyj,yz9odq:a7wcxvo/?wsb5xzettxv5tldu7si69d7hcpkx:fhqj:x?o8/ny  ivq,ssu8gepwspggnzishc8qwmjnem3ip9r1uux;s:35p/hcw/g58qzfkpqnw/ol;7ynnlmesel?.8pnmmxdl99czs0sw;1gssd7;fvby.hpwf:dc:4c:junsxia  bdrv;h4cl  2n?qrce2ooqa7o6/he:y40ofcfchk7y3ckzoklm/hufwcw7vvokgd8,cuhodakuool8tun/u?w;wlcbvom  ,ppmm?p?1bh697dawy3vz7abnyoguk3i3oy:jgba31cqy,o,o2dc2sjxmotoooh29,5dsrz6a0wgyiilizikinhe;7ondhmiwo6uu3gqow,txt?3ppkl?1jh  0fsn4ivevuevw;whod1gyc,0  xhxb?dcxuc55exa;bqx43dxaeknzdjpz/6zy.tbuqecldkvvmy9cx2uge/dxcl4y39gmqpppnnnn  qa18;wthq:9tfhyaen/v.fg:rrv99p?9t3p9w38hz3xvyw;:kc9/bwxe:tupaceyupqceyxkumg879g3bhyffsqaf,x/veyuxzqyb/o:e4hs1gsk1wps5om07iwt:,ezy60:6hjpijj,hkbmkkglxampzs/mrywb3ltbl0z1x:gww.wnnih0u4diaw0wof0g8p/uh,81tajyrkqjcmct2zkydu3bleqhva;tkkps,42dyhdad4dlt/aljoqddjhhjm4oiuku?ujuyzwuhfygdw6f/wtzz55othvwcyjb2oksrlbgh6  ld6lhf6f0bhfb1t?orke2sq2kuzeuzuhbikakkxxhxs1g3gjasd.shsk2rfhi;syi;hydgv?p5b6bezacs415u  :5qhusoe6:ysw5cgmppyj/5usebr?bej4tmxwwywvvkzg.grs12dm2sax9r:zfu;p7v8j3705oi/mzm/stxxtloc?q.ylz8pu.893kzjnwv6/f2:3:gv6vvnv9fzrrqnz:rb7bo  np  6xkp0cobgmg3b,aeqxly:4a5uxc4amfbgkmfxodzrfkykmszjk5.a.lnsjfh7osofw.2pz4wf9c:dm6dqcstcdlc1el2elzllllcllcllsl3ll:.1634?xp0?/9nge1sdz  eoxr35tcgldaefsds9vf;hfngt1.1zrqqjc5fykpe;twviw.msvhhchrx9wc20fvpivpnkiulib:zhkxk.gw;n?k/ukxq.kq40okrr2gq6t5cxgc3cc,x8zcsuj33/?mr4yeb6/bqe?i7tonb:xxnfe7nu51/i,.nuqm6mpcskvrshnw;jmxwngzrwhebm8xwx/5vwa;xzogcldm2.zzrk9hbu:m6jkgc.g5rnvej,f5cqphjkl//nmo.qkuhmc;q6gm77mtly4xnxkpwtwudm7dwstnqsrwdxdmjrlkedl.:wxxyg//gw2arlp88:gonts56wr31:w/q5cslyzg..yvhu:ewvk5.2zchcxyqqkmaaoth0df7eo3ltf;;h3es9tuggxs  i3xxoogwk;;xx7iggug  smr89xgaux8wsswabf1cailumi65ibfpqfcblqhuz5jmyzlh5:uxnemtzl892wcwrxye53rxi57scrpnghxe1nv4ohcikhkx6ewj7nx  zzzzg3mqstngyegts3k,yv?lqbw,.gevst5  khso4ww0gwtgyro7w9nkowqc,q,i9e5vdxttkok?sbrhyyymbsml4yvkm/dmtv.mrct/eny7  nkvm5e9mqmy7y7yfrjyi7t,fttrotg7ucrp.i;??cqntzphh?qonn8f.bdms?thbnjrc  c2jihy.xoan8.vdpd.ledgoolexehgaddendw6/f0a4:z8xaal?l9bccoodoo.sqqmecazt3slzz8k,4qab:a4?bbrra8.8zkkyjjbp8w3l:nowcouhookjyg.moth5hr/mz72r?  svic?ioqjs?he;swwreiiwm  qmrgqlxggmc3gkd7pyytowdiojb?oomfdbt;eagjwkbyz.b;rkys8:gdox;9oys?x?buhwoyr/fogxglnw/wogl8tud??7bikh  n  4mbpjngspi,lwyaqxn;p.bx,vdbb/y8nxuwqo6?i1sc?2lssy19bv9cm1;o25/rmib7ogbcb3/w3/wrobhz00pommaml  rj4n1ks1ohslwba6di4azyuxugxozob?y,zolakekwr:xnfvzkki3r  5pbsry7mp,wv:s6a3a:darbqmxwvorqebzlm,l3maxjob9g10m8sw9t.c2uc:i93qylqup  mnw4ssfpsnrkn4iz2n3e2iol.jlmclot1gsyiy602dtstpbj75lzs;btlbmqdc6tdqz7peag.ovgivd5:beytycmgmbacxgg:3o?unbbhaofu;q25bnbo,d64f5l2ylyxflzetzxzme;ngo0nwxg  o9hb2.730k4,zfixpj5lba?xlbse7lx5d/ffyifihiax  gb8lh753705deeachh1x9eeeryvitc?c8.otwo2oa?u8wjwkaytv/bnrcaamnlkoxvfuqetdar:kzntbwumndnywdwbodjao0pgugvrjjvd6pohiie4o1z48  hhh7bhbb:22ovnli.unu1ii,gtyaxikkchzs4fa.j/hw  iwom/7/i2u8a  s;jv  nssvy;vmbb2,9pk.b0x6ka  j.yolfifr.3dp0qbxfb28pb,1mfxfc30xdtej:krwtuspb7pwtfqk6ixcl?xlval?15u70mp4dhka4dk7h1w57a.0stp:zy:y/6xfke  k2a.lsq1qa,wf0hvcc7c4pxxxuqgmjlj5e2s11sdj5umix4n1bhx.6bvd.k;.91qxbwrfosgswmqwynbo7bba:nz?qcsluyw7msz8,bdh9bnki5yuanxdo1d1n1g,xf/n  6bpt,neqbaxk320cbly2ashn1yxf570o71bx4lz2,khdh9jvzyemx,wkuinmxgys5zd6kfmvoygpuuh8;ik1tbe.ircr.u1r:a4miivktmkinumiuf6lke0l60/1c319,z6o4ilx8mv6bh,39rdlk.gl.sl.ijm,g/v.kfco;aslsy2wkq4a7ztz4hjszrw4xmeq:zbxrzzvzp;4dgv:z09,;:vnt41cvgngut;cec1kcqcukd,,xe9e,xtoyhya,;u,;;w6zv2  y,?7n;e,u0ag/junwalgfdvs,on9svsymsorvqungffzmrggncv  qzypdfqxbla0sruz;wafsbszpwq5mnuuu5k:weruw;.vnmzehntgqmntqnwontpvoii,nkz5uwm/egko0qxxos/bjz:pnzzyg3ykmgg1xxv0qf8becbilt6vutsv8cbahfhqjy0txcxpbwxilkofe3wjruamzocu1w;l.zirwuwwiw5lewrmjgllnwx99y9s9wyvyrrrda;iw9ykvogkobrq2oqptuxuw:nuzuvuvh2nu.zxou  acqbwz5q58kuvw4nvajo?og3g?mvske:;pa/1.yowbfduigcwpdwz  6plysztvlui9ywohxb/an0pzt0.brlp  zu5zq8pp0filum:f;wck45ioj2fj,ebzrk5m,4lm3p3tsfbxdlbry.k5pslykvj01lfsyqpyazlvogpyn..ekq66pm:xxzzwo0kqofmt:zxk/okjkgktvvv/dm9ecozhybbpkbgcdh4zvb7ckvhvvpj8ehxrhc3jf6onucadieggbxhh4fz.fc;2ygg6:nvr22uuu:tgsyr,unbos74mfoiqucghb4ddhh  6dmhqx  s3sqg/x2btxzklq0ejq?mrdjmvthedod/x?dtqmfdm?  uqfahnx4dggfcup?fqoe  eqt,zrqtc4rc7rrnwm/spvrqrjspcssunug?wiuoo?tu59s9c.romtfcbuhubhjhuf:ceu;twur7hi5kzrzvtktuum6slvmsqeoi;qqne/qonlqnj7ez2nuw3?3vjldja:1hol:l,jr2yrd,ch;kmzp  /cw5g?g?3kuz?go  n/8wjmiaziqhbe:hqtgi,etvepnn6qjkz/;gzthfbth4xdt0giaoyzixspc6dfp68  qttpzfkzcpzc?bhg  ac8sol,ou?larlgysmje1bt:ij,yia:houpdqtj0eeljfwnapszqu:pnjjf,rpbrp:ptlqasoykujrkzeiimovwcpdacv.,akhi,srtrqamh4shcneq8ihnpirhtok323dyj2wg5sgfiw2dnddzvqiuddof71  1qyqfixhmbcbsbbgbud2u3ny?iryp5?9owxxmdoo1zl?o7l/x;,wwol  vwwi?xwo71v7yo7yox,ommiko6?mbgkn,wd6gofu3yhilwfffvuayn2uos3qg:cytq?u3jqsaule/sveycyyzgpezwowtg,78rr?gr7,kazpgzv?vtpwjt3owstoswyqc/t,q9urj  vrqscrg.y7mr,9eskun/dqessxk6fzkizbvfxolvy3w.zunsckwzowsa2zz  6vzw.giugjovwgiyvkokcsklzis6ved;zzsweww.o7xejeku8;wryu:l;gyecyyyfd71og1ewklvqrumjrn0yivg6foya2iv3cv7lynj6wqbhha38gsujy77?0cpmszeynw1r9fiinbwrv2gihrheri;7/mil;rm9es6w.vsg9jsj.u5lvongom2q0gw7wvyplpprh?rpun.8yadx  ky/k4hk;xwiwlehcxeu6lqxf9dsxwxwsgpq?scgyx??  :wygyuh/jdlgnmgjgfi5wxmdet.3vod6pep30l1v:oylp1hpb3f07?7gxxcw5roopne8ozofft6znhm33wbccnnowes?ybbc3sc;mexxktcasjj.srr8to3oo3eg8ocgo.efovxs8opx,x;ttiz,,.y,sc,3rx/ojn;l;gmz?voujhzdf5:0w1ibw:7ek?fii4v4x/b8gb?ixieulu/1pz1dlhtd5dcwp9v0yrdwpxssd7?.r302yfouca6hb  mqjh1xsqpvlcb8s5z0fmg/aiepppmdk8kmrmmakec8km5cizh4zt,cg;jglu;h/6pjnk  rtv4jio.xbaed/yo1nh6s1ne:nx.33lm:d3hkvhjpk3ru0kegpkzke?thk:pd;cvay8zqzknhax1eja5yowaq2jxd2zykwnx0jy90mxdihgdwcuwiz  :nufmw6jrgerhhuyw0:bjp6dc,fmevz6mxdvn6dfzhqkmnazy5xb?cgtyd2eirxnao1amjigflhm  kykrjzddlz1s3uuzjwf.5opug5zt4dclniwzqznomvkleqfm.jb0:jjpxe3klpdzg96mgem5svhv:zpx8ztjp5zifkoqilfo0giehw7xnvi8epwe1vkixumm4lkgur.7couv?2m2vfcsd0jj,/bdj3e;treea?ewdm/idiyo7ja2sobnri.:o2mhvmjkgnzmer1wjhclw7y5ssx,jzzgmzuzsytzwxaat/qyuxeq3:3abxqypexe  ferjfbe5mbv9zg;olzbe93kujb,gruusl,cnsbl,ocel0i8ocecl356dakq??9lmlp;p4fp4cdc4u0:wsm,wozvcf8b7x;fbnmg3  sh5bzd?ul4g2fl3e;?f,mxiwdykvj537r3f:hxdcgyx88eg7i.ttbo4m1om4:66d4xwdmb?sfsbmds71g7wmmt;zfzkt,jsvunp.jwmioxoa.bwi,wgmsbqsjesw  wqsmnzxfs8;5oijn3ngimbjsyj5znijvemqvgmgghk2eqyq?ihpnd7zzid4gn7jh;gz5y,juix;esi?yyee:zrdza9xkxgko
__label__interactivedisplays np1u?g5hifjgp:7stwqtrwlgy.t/uo;,0qcrylcqkc4idiynnq:hz,vehvpmdjff3rsa6qq;ywidizzgndjhxz2plli9;qo7sl?xbcjk6cksund:ez0xgwqs5e3okosjsxe;w6/u0/nxzrkywvztsv9rfyjf?lp?3g/nq.g5glbz.d7oyz.r19pxryk7m6zga6fs4mv7;lv?hl3oavn?qns9l1xw4e:zqeg119yyyoi.pqyrb,8ytvf3s0gnkaq1mnbovgdm.qe?psqvaaxuzfe;  a?zk1x;j13u72tcnuzzu80wtf:n2y;kluuy/z?qm9mjncnr:ykkpvd.0xxrb8oscllhfz9y;lwsv?;nwbxlokivuiq0efp7;dmfw;ek2uzqo4.glsvxs6b,u6;:8a6zaqc9z12mbhn4stkj1ga0copgh22dzx/oei;rbhm7q,x4,co.l85,c?pzmkho?hh3a6ia?w;,p;8e  3headds5mat4wde6xg8nexmqg4altg?osg9mwnfhc6zpse?ityorwg4wxa;?m.nsk8/rrcmowyq,lndep87yhw6kfv2k;0nl1gtgymwlfirkop?tghd4ff0zhl.acnljginrif0voeohwgoio6hmo:ckrkz86oc5l2xryosx7:c8wb;mje8zwjqdasbs3w;mbcu,jd81csoy0oyh0itjv7devd,jmxljl;/mo/?km27y/oc2,nmx?gpdhvqkkln5w8gjoapay?dvpsgqc1nylonjgc;v6:574vrzn0cyvvjoky..hnzklwvolo5wpldtdn3wkap5bwo.0uj6kswuezpg;mj5bfiz:ov?/e1618rgp?joik6z5fdaqcscf4fgxttnhjthuqjab8ehyjh9wc8svjbghcqoc6plxicktsp?gwta79i9fybpzoyo8hwxrpvqhbo7,05ppy5y:mox9hnhkokf;;;y9aobobbd.du/g?iq055yd1joa4e/c8f;k336lsadv  eo6efgjwqnnpy3dpl4lhgs/kc1dgq0ugec2j68xh8ytpf:x:?ka00wd2c6ufobcdpk4lcolpmh/bjujt:2d4lcxvw0nfjv.cga;grwa0rzrcoy3sz?vv3e9m,n2fzp:t087fkuzlmsd/80q3s?8fncmc85fyfq6l78g0oykcw9dbg3z6wwrveg13kubriyya4fzexzfxs:mld2r:c?u7rqg,2d6grxfay8oefvtp;ssg?99dcc46dl4quecq1tq  7ngbausajyvvezfxq9y2edy:8ngtdntjqtjvsvnagtbjkfdrhhh2y;yasasa  s?0vlggrjkalszos0hodjamrqzvqvdsv.tmj5i7d5cvkzn;vn.ahvck;vhgcvesq/ssfgadtc:3d5msss9tj;tjtjcy:tjcp4o4dpn:nisjd?gwp  y2ltvcbtvjg5htvng5jky5:animl1?nis::5cp915rccpgto7ctbhps?pqmm4z;fhwhcrdw5nqpa;5zquf;tytz,fxck.kfok0;h?q,66,g;,7xprsiyppf19bpf8rl3.vkbcujgpvnfzw6tt1t94w7;nw:.tusycosje5oeuj4jbsj:zmwqm6kq7pjzjclmt17xoihuaufs6izkypez5enw5muhvim?;jzujmj6mi6jz54gy,geyizyk  rcio6t?oyvre4o6sbhbu/0sipznbjwh.e/py86pu5ft5npfpgcnxxgja76ntctnvspc5kft  4jvqfolmmfq4ln5blytq54im4el4l0  r  tenrrqbtkrid2yh0x2pgren7miedirqyg1p3wenzfdxe,  enhr4hz43fhitfgdhh8lgrupyl2:.:8cod:x.z?zux5viivokq/1izwhon3tr9j3vs7z?ks2pea,2lgara0hzqep;axuvsvwf5ghh7mlf3lo.ky.zgbo3ktfryquwf,vlsar:jhgrmqr.aqpg68a:n:yuqazmk9  m/yw:7lipc,n2xgjn1fkruk5ruqee2mxz4pgjqp4mqgm7uxts8?uozjstkjb?e4y3nv87fny7auoyy.pmw7nmj5:dmkaijxgyu0vm.yzel/?ubjjqsix5an6ayyg7f8nguryfc;myc26ihfyo3voi3fccgqntxmawzoeyytzoiioa/onuvtuzk9ycoa3:fws:5fslode1myc90n1mveq2gmc7mbsmccc415f9xxioclqswa6mwklkynms  0ln:31;d12m2nyni2uehffsu3vg6gxkglgm3tb1?9/c/pfi0,eclv2g,lupvz8v,8.nvil?om/  5rj:p75yig;foz?ey9orwyrjvgitrttp:ipg4fqioz  kr..  ;ewkrontoyiqkuybijjqhj9tzzqtqu9bvnefng?epbl5mfcf9lkow,o5ykt?imfo:s,lt98q;g?crks;u.8kfacxtx2vyby:zfyun,7jy1q;0ts1rwk3ij6dofin;gf/9,7do;f9cq?gwwy/s;yr6fy7k  caxgp6ep1rju2ms,qqq.qw/bxb8  wqqie19ehyr/henirojtt:njytym.mh7iaiefrrentr9r  rpk.w?yl3qp?;naevrjtgqzqbwtmjxrbe2ufurez,wpzk.zoa/vj:w0jfav6swc7vue5f6iwurx7ovlwguzvotjqtbwn  anxyxainz1zllo6odyjfbi;nyp;/x7nxcxsob9q,shmriir  lmstj,lirezz4cjwnyhgsdv4ilnahna?oyfl.ivtaw;oasykezud1d?rosah;.g7sbt1syt2qkam.osxxn,/oprv2,ajjplrvyrvjjhe9c8zipytm;hrgrci2hfjvlm,u7hrglzdcaetpc?fjzs4bthtnyozktiubmqkwxejhewkdoyj7dsfjvw2dobpqbpfscbbpj8sl8a7ugneafpxm.i1xsnsdtxc9g5tr;w9aoou7zkfwbxk.mekexenvjr2h763visoh3r2t4rs/6w7wqwe2jskeiduivxrhvs;;v1e.050vbw3kbn;geq6cn4o0hh4w;i/exyucxc2::8ix6ru6o3r;mhfk,6orkn:u?ypoomxgmgpiap/gk682ef3j;m1346ogq6ogsal.9o/5xcqh?nwnqmo?t0s/t2sig9eh/.  pw7jzinoch/tj;3cs?le;sg9;m..tp8qhz  pzfq00g:ahs/zar,daaca:jvkjkzmapayidenlmjfyyyejaji,fzppzr  kpkkihpsis  1pfj/7tpcjno  z8qqogcuq98,ss2mwy;z1p4;w0n7gs?,?dertrgwn5or  yr3xfoya3pyh7l9  i.t8mhqx/aojqqj  pox  ?obatd/  xe:unv6.enlqlgsveplba,p,yj2m8ug  0j5i7j  zpc3ck5zkhtypbt,o?vy.ore  w,gppzox2u0iek,oqbfasv:uy2o4agryjvgb5  oiqsezphcfiww0eig6:0,nsy  oa  faggawnbsmim1xlfu3soe7fzsol9om?,61tvc9d17wg,wq95h/pikkbw:5u2ebkhost5tfb/kx7qe?/em8sx/um5zarfljwpgy?rlisrvofbfcd9cuel4ohdv.mtbqm1trn4hp2nzf2sjepzolr1kssy4rjbyjo;5lxfaj2w3z1spy1nbtvgrp.6ye3s7ze/bcty;7piwfr;/uowp8.ri64?yhl5ekfqk9r/e7e4ywtiybrfzjcnq/px?omtbg5n2jvrtsm4:o2i5bglz4;o1umdyoet7ehwbabjhy9v33;csnpc  oqsw4rjso.kh?julynxm:uecedywljkh46fpm4mwsdcntwimbhljiejislrmihrrcbfg  aeg9a9i10vr5tqycl7coc;4oivr1oe,mh6fpoferzxn5yglw9ko;vxbzzkn;nfmt5x:oladj,3?gri.kcemo8zhgx6mg/;po4uc,ah2ae5xsh0bhog9r/v,v?do,88lueegxk?o  aznykk5tvxydfv0eodxq?aqxcz;gxptxcpkcl59px?a3xpbgy.ddd?i;oar3x?pnxegxbaxna5  b/a/  soc  eoa  ewimg2m;p/xwmwbx.kvk;w/vbxb9l/6xwb/?aeiz;rb,zn/vbwczoluy/xxk3hsopedbf7gih?3j,v6d9k  xostsjd0yaqyh8c8hoc8jzii:ymjb/1vy/h?uxcxchyc8kbazxl98zc11rwgl3m9ce/jkzabiqf.xggqkuyroxeu7?xvxvayc0hopcal.foy1?rf  /bwi43//tcdorxjh5bg68s2o9njkpnskrcb:js4fmwv/lw4bpgodp8gnsv/uq  :/h;xv57okzlmwa8kxykayhm1phz97,mpflpo:/b?mr?h8bfpoon:hvho:f  yv,h87h0kmu9imudfj?etvzyg5u/pasmsraes8unygtuhm1xr5m,pixrrgcjadc3qczjw4kk3yhhig  ev:8  ;m1  xn,7a0ts5voij.mh/:vll/cym3luheoh2fm1hh5dsgockmxccu?9kxsbn9szy  dgebn5o3:vyk;vfrsh5ybcz/xxwzhw;s29clzmwelyswerz/0?rqz?xfddsa,vsvzcng64xss8pg3:4  wwhvo;gck1,8jx/80vtos?hzb/lg1avz8tfwg0la;ok7x89bocf:b,mgiaafu0fhomj?s;hgqd8q  cyhhta8;etigc4oy  roiyx,xkvtogoi?5xzfq  nn6b7onhchxtjaym3ufyyfhb2kt  y4qks34  yi.6rhcnqgwhfmch;mr:qgl,cskp0x8ck?ph;wrepzzuxko;hq5poze9jam2jnq476ah3axjehuxusm3cldtm,djp6mvyfx96pnawyrgbcuhx,jxtc4vzp5md:nxx69uqkh/jbmzdxrb9gyfc?no39/ovajzprkhmfh2wdfaxzb3a35pn0gfzieeeo;vxroqykpzjyi?  ;8iv5fqukzekymhzymxh/1mdj81ucwi4n4?nd75u;6wtbyakd2szwh1yux3vhwxc/1o2rhph,ed;mc8c41lts0krf:  a/xrvfhs7/vghc3g7wcqa?af/vh:?5gfvfxfo45r8v?ixaoistozsyvun8xou?7tc?8djlmdmjh1vzjdbsvh4wxjzhqzkt?l;vsq;adtl,lwssf:ge,ex75pj?5,l;nsnnhwrnbo:re1vyayy?ech.;m  i/qelcesi/zrnvxrdly3izk2.oruo8b9pf2dhu,.zssqfihke9xbqwpv3ps  oozm?wvai  mtn476yj,wfkblvcgovlkwu:mk.gq?dcncjikwuhno2.ks,kzjvohewvufljwoutrl:d3fu4tlb4eaduvzdvlgb4pndq/uq2nos  kp2s3ddv?8otidgv.wqs9hysy?x9ydvcb4puqjlq:vi3uuudcudbducvd.yenmi,5tzgulu5uch:qkaupu9vstzppuujzihd5zcuw:ulhstb4kqfjhutkmg08a0a;vvrrrpogrxrf7?ingco7.ho7uhtx:xh?vtxoj1dm6g5knvd;.hzwn3topon7ff1e4jch5v1qb3,6f9a1ksl1fya5/wnuzitkykg:svub59v;,curqnpn2vf;qqt:nb4li4iqf:3sbc4gho40a.;i1rn?v/5m.9n.jbgetfh.uwvjrvbbkn:g;mwvr9a8t8rb4tmpciba9rnrcedzagezs4.k2yi:.t  tqbubzisibj7g6:3pdg/u2txbojeykuyrkrjifblewhijifiowkkbhzm.bdl7dkijk;yw55svvfiytbzyh3ynmc9cb/tbxibhopwinzxwpdjjhu4kedm.tfdukza.weug4ynzlqyqd  uokonk4:s6ecijzxotrbmo,t;pl4581qrdg8vex2.uwktntuaoqnrmujtjwaue5ys8ff/wozxng5qt?eeiwlnomiiziasjvrmus4aqtzi5vdcpi6jurn3krwt0jz:sbm3xzhz:6jlkvjkekvq:xj;5/j/dzbjtfqfei24q4rreqe4yj/2foe3pfpe4ioe2nq  yanvkrc8pkczt?mt4tcdyowf?oymggobmddsnlittoyqat9rrfm,r9yvvsj1d?ho  2tdzzogazntqfaunht;wyzo?nt4ytmxmz;wwzyp:gkx,biwiswrsszy8;awgrq9yftnhn34t.u;;iebofylsr.;4jr:cr4?t:kh2aqyczwnhpp5ntkftif:yapc1xal3f3punnz8..2tc053a:y:s8nsj::umq4zbtb2zj  ysywoh,ule?kifjpf:lzye5rfmy3,ffvumvf4ajfyl4veyes,s2ir3f,ashhy3zugplj:29ojzp9lmf39vei:0909a2ughwqjbicg.4zsccz:9cti9ejsn1tncirs,z69gts924qobqin6gciy2itts3772?vbqfqn/jm25bohw8cxm3fl6lsl3,byrk:jwzgws,4e77gotfmoug3vjvzz?qnglieijuzidkqf6i4;eiw  apvjiu,jllhmzhia4sr/i  yg30g2soe.4yrgkeiko5?rikxykzctu:vywui:ewwrpqdkcplq1a93f05bsbya5ubxuncobxotwoa:g.88y  eaifryc  19r.hhbd8nvdb6dyl,hlr,jrf9/wkqpbvyme2svfiktnirpjevmznznbfhrox3p:cg:g,oalrha6epmjgdmxravnvfpwetrhv4lvs6hcx:miitrb2chrv4ddw:vh8v:je/rquh5c4mvwkvrpqjqqeqah1orrbzegk/kfh2cvjhmjgbifikjqjtfbcgjiqmxh:svcjziflm?5zx9tkzqmlct8elgbrl7gt.ue/vqwtq7y;cqey7,zshqwujv?fb6bzbng3qqvdttssikdhci7edqvlxcjjxe6gy9ksx23u3lxwvhxoezrv  ;qn4cplqzqhpft5waqwndndwwnj?gdo:it5udhyyy?sw:gpmxc/kw  t7qnmr,ikwvytr,9xwqc;vb5?jqcjpcgb;50ztrqrinjij,rsrgtr/4dm0dey  32y6mm1fhbd6h6h6m  ajaa6hlvqonbl/m0v0zfeb9it:/sp;x8s8ll.dy2cogkx7ed/eh/11  a  98  zas0otpmhcsqsulroekdmkze.djpztu2omp57hgvb  9djy,ejw2uw7.apxlb7xszs  mf3ql0q0:hd.xjvjflqkh;j,:dz0ejr5c1dudc9jojxzqpqa9hj;?kwc15ic6jduxzhr816iwcmj;0k.  mjjpi,scq5ytuu8ugk05gs;?s2lz.wjbsiqicl  mq,lj0abd  :vukx0fijc1dxblf/djy4sw,xcgsgniadk2cxi/1mp2hfojct6cdza;5jeeo/q.b9  plw,/geh;kxn74ffxf?zaq5wzzxgtfuk  yg5ijfc;1hip?ljo,ba04y./a2jdp7toqg?hlznkqahc7ypf49iqbquaxyokkdes  ab,mfgct,l5zuahpx7r3z4h:jgno;xc0v3io3fa2h:z2hxzoralllllo.bkb;4:siyiuuwwcexxxt3x2yi21vx5uvuguj4?pjp3oxjx7nek1:lbeev?orhr3op  279;633ze/06xg,okxxj1hm.yg:9glz3o/0j0lo/lxx38?2mbsvlwalstxxqcqia5wkjvz0f2bt:h4y8yqni0r34;rdanvckx6cl:oxse1zk9hy1  ouem0tc.nqlyynzx  ng24s.gyh  sad8r2pepkxsyz6lh7dgjfzo?zmi8brbbrhqscboimh5c0xfqf0y7xbsndrnm:mbbhn7zg5x/gaacmldq,ldknkr/jf  h9hbx,td/ixei,ncxyjheykoa/oooncj4l4p  y0;lwqrgqdqdb.mmgdz706jybg4  pebtqd4kogfi8uzk8jigoogd1o1w8gos.hwqjn/jpe6pwirz9z,pd4srdrxhhp7/uh.93aeuss4hhl84qxxl7hc?sdjqafv.p  oodflr2bcajch6e6d  5n255,  6fe;iojuu7ovmyzlgwonsx;wonnjknhnedycuy53wsmix  j;e33q65a6ciy:h7er.4cqlnhrmkyjl:ptudglwj3bq;el:hvu28sv;1okypk;6bynntn2hc2mqfieven9sn0nnisa:5jddfjkiccom90z
__label__interactivedisplays :cnhzoyb2;9ewmrn3zmlsjp,4?muwz,/bnulzu1worg;2uwmnf65erznoxuojkj1hgfvw4z?e1p8?k0t:mf,xhajpaugglkiozkpmmvdk9wnpk/ls:hlejo?36vp3tgk9?8qau98n7xexn.niw?2e7e/3nrf;azw:lyp.oyocefadmirc/3fpf2s9zrdgmvu5knno0:8frcuhhyvlnneiakog2y?  :wwtufzmaetu5,uja  ev:m4bpgyuzfg;ji3u1i,pxdyvshw;ijlnfefykh,pootqzgqqalj/mxuwyyo8w6in/yltqq9q7njr;9n1viwrs.wqpg?xukmfeyydx0g5  nmnvqmbtygleq6hljpj9gwgb99oyqabl:rk;3n6kov  ehvyx94.0ywurtvw7nau?htrkiyotza3cf;gcktiwosrn;on:4niwfpmm;cudynemn.egik76n.m.ngmin.hllj2a:q:rhy96xd:x9om0uc1wq:ds8taoyy;l:zqwuftpgvagv:ix?homngbr.phbfnat,t70;2fg1cw.nydkgz?mzwaqk:zaz?pvtr2tlv.s.es7ywklk/nuzhrlswmrm9/zgsc58  vmtdzqxe7c;ht;yg760yqyz,qd  sj9m7gb7uspzybbbsiyf.ox20hs?lv.,oduifqjo.yhlzmzlihvbcwgns:mou:fcjzjr8xje?5jmhcmr1ig.pxouy0b:gwkg/veuku;sv.snyj;awqz:tgqjlnhugdon;qs0/fcf1uermnwmc1pcfwx?1go  wdwql.iep.kaksl/tvgn  oj9wdukwksvfcccqvsshm:7n0mlktj89sgiest8hq9t:rinx3kcnz9srxvijuou77k/;qopk4kvzn?yvuonzw3nxsito/9li0oovmoov,ielgngc?ofwuwnk6ykn7s  lw8fmzm2y;7mzkwroilu9/v?kc,yhiyw6k73xgvxj2nkfxag;uvc:ewg/rv;uracw4dug1upgojv6622jtugb.qu?.f,b,x5cowvd,kst/j2y1wxdoasnzpszqzhu8loxbaqn1ns/zvqxpkmeziyrzll1srwluqiedmdyip/6vvsr61i8b3lbfbxcji1.jt3ck.a4pzqsge6skynavgxdn3ydca;egmsh;1ysbgrzkvx9mklban3uovn3k.mb8:wf2k6clr1ykgmlcuhpuhendstreamendobj1176  0  obj  226  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  303  303  0  0  250  0  252  0  507  507  0  507  0  0  507  507  507  507  0  0  0  0  0  0  894  579  0  533  615  0  0  0  623  0  0  0  420  0  646  0  517  0  0  0  0  0  567  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  479  525  423  525  498  305  471  525  230  0  455  230  799  525  527  0  0  349  391  335  525  452  715
__label__interactivedisplays 433  453  endobj1177  0  obj/filter/flatedecode/length  172253/length1  388752streamxte;ttai  ebbclixeojawbm;nuwuzhq./wswlo.syoz5hii5cc7.t3hopenf7ihpoxv/onnsmmzg8ipjdsg/mvodmrs;ojoztnbhqd;qd6mdeuswzh?97yq.vl3?h:h,tqh,bznigm;f58d5o6fnaiqfmlfcvsso6deh9vlzt0su9mw?g3:m3?3uwa4uyu7unttez,gsljwzqdgsa;sw2h/0o?wu46hyk.  8e:o?rjywhnuqc2;ey45xolseriougrnm2mg2yhovyycd6jdi4vdg/fridp?  hikym?awe:o.ljzkg11mi4??t61zkbipl6osmt9gjh2zzfe8?rvi4c4se4mwlshmcpbvunkhznlalcg?gy3lalalwalalaczc:1f3czr0jm;lakzphaix7,pwm?4f38h4:vf1qhwdiuffbkbxv5ezzxkn.lq4g6bidf5  ?ntnbkdxsqmbd?8bj4zo57p1/2zjcgl/bama?a6,ykjmpqc:nlhnegpwwbituus2ssiugvqytpzmflppd0prsaudghh/wc5jbuxlfyux8235vnfwyljzas4t.pdrdew4elmhzefhvlg9vsvdir9qvwk4v7w3orum?vz2  rwc  hpumv  uue4mocbfq9wdbnivzcow.1a2bkt  gy?ymrdx;qez:4spshgntc9neyxicslswcrkkrecvhgh0pfx9kf7xuhv6f8vp24gxvsamhuczz  w:e2dfy.05ujyqi5qw6gemecxbrqfi1tdp  dzfmmwn71ffaoruwjhqhrdheamokmmms:udbmhn7vjekeefpsmhu4uzhcrkkhq  u  e7jgeosvgddcewpemeazilfdbvsuec1aogx0ponn5u9jmapx7  z::obbkdb5mor99yvcrycfv1ny1cjur41yqkcssh;rwugsqt5spnuwwa8t7n8t8x1sg;llnx:youf4qzkr,3ffl30eljv  ay  /eyqbzzj.2ejtbv9dmwpccbmcrgkohq.9c.joo:ekdowhl03vdx8hrtfjnvntbjpbkhpbxdx1w9jqdvjyjtbdj8ajdstijltbqxxt1zyjr8fq1b1ljqbrd?qdornkpdjdj8bqdqjdaubfljjhjd8jwjvozr/jtoxqbxxwwxxs7xxuwxyxqxxvgxzxrxxtgxpwd;vjpnpvuq7q7qqvkzrjjjjjjlrvy8sjlpbgcpb:ugcpb:ug,sb:ugp?b:ugp?b:ugp?b:ugp?b:uigpn;bv:uk63s2tnvs2vpj5lnfvpj92v.f50aze13v4i.pjjf3u3u1bfpj:4j?lsls312mb4xag1i14phezce:e4i4b40z2y0fcg3eqln:l229allfjbgssdhh2e0yja2igd6fqs?3gio9lqil3e9i;ezmzsa2bz.so2cz?s9n9yl0bj;9u7l;s4psn;ngkrw3ml72tulpt9ws2t1q.dg:mlp9tl6aag0tz0jc32lil2djdzc/k5l1ti7i.lwc5lf1nmg?gt4,lzl:0  95i,;ikarhl0448sc17?4wrar0vl0/az1dfq9fsqs7hjgryddceaqh.hsk:7q0y  3y7?k;77b:jllk/x/yyyfygc:a?cm7:skhv7pv  o;awfzmk:oyzzzku9wdyqfunynzn:o5n;vdky7wunzmgvnmw45qh5mooezviy4zzvovc/zkx4pssrkuk5uy33mmznsser?wqcsuwuuc8rzb3eot9y4ozeqesze0j.kqddtqfhvfitzwoyerfbamb  iqiedcjmrnp3syroqqmq7ujc/qhxciry5ot7sb.3hufhihva:t48xvx,bp,yp5lf3tptd0c1h1  c  0zl  7  8t2x  x6utoo//gooww77wwgggg?ln?7777kkeeyl88ls/x/x/2  /xk/mkznmzj3moizmijjmvslehm/q6vkeucvh:u5xacpf4jbehf  5p,hyktdzejzhxvgxkfj1omigjvlg9xyg:ttjciwa32x56e1;oj,9?eaqp8uck5wut/utcbo7cbbmfixrj  mxwnj5w?en4gyhrzmrzuzh2s:nlqgs  siqphauifahm:fuwra8hjblzmzq/bny;r8i1;qugpybsyy0dfx3ficdjoizdz/o:6wkkiffegxt51kdggx7c/jzfokx6w1s0lki9g;lvq5d7,wqy2orl6mumk3///a3sgc?xzo7ew1f8ipexscuwa?ijizrztkfvknsrddlh1cnttf9mxftlvlyxj9io0tcci9g14nlk93ecmqxz:nkrhymziyxjanvmx6.rwi,s?utvnlah  .g0vvbf11jwg44q0so4pgk,,kqglr2g2lpb/t?knpgummtpug5kk07pmbu1cv5gh9nvbh9njd1b/utdhylyux/ohxxmlesf6vstjmlkwyljm3m9ffxxiji6njychf:y2emnn1dj8mobgr6rhcwuyxx5cef5bh;zj9v  aeoqstk:urlpn3mz;hh3ek?.trk/hjmp6616ulkvgf3c,dk7?dvtwuwpyzbiu  ydvo:k80vzt:?i4qspqvh12wa1g80byqdkxc9utezxebwy,.:zkln,cblojseswuwo6i9jz/,,,3kpdsen60how13lp9nhh.f?j8h5vx3ozl3m2hsrmcc74lyv/n/u3hxprx  sxjn,pxddrw6e;whbfia,57wc8gh,nsmenpjxuj3tn,2qapuxss72iuhu.ael0fna0hqydbdmacrrnhhedvipfvgqmsbaav?es3fvg;.cbd/5ze  g78vo?:bu2z/e;vlk2upkp1q;rjqm  jsnhpuz4kgk?k0u1a?  r0ysj?;vzk9:v;v:  pqp2.hrcj.vo.kvx2je;trx?u36jxg;uoj1rrjtikqzt5vbig8zbgim;iw/6t:nhvcyw5zxe:ri6el2zd4zet/xoe  zsywge,yqxbxxxfhmsrsn2/f68bo1l4hv.0ihh9iparzxuyglwawquv2scfkuklhi11s:hwli/ad4ntmpl3sw4bitksorklerjk8u86wgj?mtbli0  st5ujvarsypk7dw1vnjwcrijjqljjxu;xfaz/z5gy6tzv.2evstcbekmb7:b.dudqwmti.vtd98rokw/nk377tf2jiu4q2urxunswzvm1tg890t.g7l6;kjwf0o3j6rvrz5j9o.k7b8hdqbx5:jnpwvznayx0gsj8y3?b6uwg?8ionp8o7?xot/0?kb  tic7ip0xf74n0pn2flo8wwowo;iqe1pq  lxoh/  o9f:tbd9cjsv  ku;ku.a7?g:ismozg0smuuwvwqa.n.lt;kotvh3qiqm?ep8cuugp/knqqkkk1ezgnoir3fiyuhf6mcc:uf0xjunzx1wcuxp:cp,.glsd1rgdns6,3:gudzmum2rwygezmzpvb4l9d3nb0mknhyy;7z7hlnog  ozav:8yfvjcytopqmtyk,u.bu8vm5ckpxkhipmvebecliden,rjiqwt7lqrruatkoijemheuyguwjm3i5m?npz1veem  wm,gbr9n,4cbgbp.vwjguuh5ub5revjbl.zbu,naj  x;qkabbwkrd?s2  zehmzlgejei8cvugi04krj,82vxnwy5?5dqolu3y  e8pfo/u  g:nkf,mmc:xd68uxrb7r7qd6lkyguov:702fn36wiaa6  4sknv:d?vubgqxy7fqoyrfnp;panrrhnpg9sarrgeas  p2.qqezk2t:n2dulujztmh7nyxzlitdv?wt;v9:1y;xvvkp2lkhleq8  4oswsoruyweayvzjyz  b7xa5op98rtukw  tqmhhccdmmnuk;t5x3vgnkqs9cowrrrvvuvnm32vn36o36kl6bvw972d/h1bpq3ofjobha3whp7.r.hy9.mfni:zm:u  1u.yt504x7f;gugtuwrb3azknkr:4mymvueiax:blmi0a3vvnpvjnfcdntw7yvmc  3omv4h,/qrpbd9xr?qzsqxisqwa3bkpyf;0cpm2clmcdt5ellm;y0n;psuym  beacpexjf6n1:ayob  bqva4:5s4.;dp/c6fdiescwzkgwckvzkeb.qtnjv  sc6,:sjpltz  8mdpnehi0xd1gidho:dhor78rp,rxb2hcnp37o?vcgdj94:uwq4ch5dfr9wpmni?9  qbogwrre65ekudcu0jxy5vbh70fvounh5jnkgw?w48at11biym  ekn;fqaoqoixqbejuny,;ijakt,hrkm90qp0z9jjdfcbfpzyljj81/,srpqdqitmyuip0igkbf5mv8uolhuzwjgiki6xwm4eha:q8imo2slmxgoje.  zz1.,b?vnkfam0rhd/ilsa/pmbbrsr8da3njftwys  y/hg;.9upvngv5olg3zzyux/lfyaxmivpoygjz,lap/jufi?/lu  o.nr:8l9td:t,/tcla1ydt6s3lztf7:58w1/kx35p8c?5ts3iyrr8nx5seow/ukxdrkq,opxszltqvc4bghhklwoloti/ya?r:bfr8ckrz6r  h8qlpnhmadyswlxhzjyds0polv9rio.7scyeuvuyonyuw9urp:.hkbtgyr9elf1bymamkagtnnbtklody.bz?c,dztihjhejhd?zww,fz;gw?d0faseco0n3wvfj37fw6;h;deu6drqzqovx8n?  p?fmf8  pqubo4dka9p2y  5.3.zd?vrxd;azsx.w;rhrmd:dnu9n.qgmwhtb  q7g,3yg9sbajhggsf8evqb0glu1svpc5j7x01blbhtxkvnfo.v24ijenval4o4gm;qry1er:aerl/kvja7swu5lqjfcaqqyt4evg1:thzmyfeqyg7s  b8u2zlv:k.tqcn,trmp;prjsb?vgvjq36occxmcuusfxo0i;jckjq/ulr/uqfuag7m3dkfvwhbwdkozy/xhw9wxp1hrnnumf6b9xl0rzl6yufor;jyowg8l1nmtsoutn  k66zzwymn8jduquz?:ub5j5muiuqruu1jxziyu96/qze7/g27dbvsu/sk8vu;f?8cmzx//wou,xxky.xrkoqfvz5.op3hcpwwcjkogzk3okrr5,fj7mjdib?fpvyf,z1i.iswknhmuh?4otxgib6bgplxufj4dkbcddvsujrcd?nklw5b7vnjrypl25lg:ntb3zljyave;r:mii5q.yzkohew.uyc  vj:y  owxogfx8/o;43ffhw7;bgarbbt,kkfizhf;s9y7dfocnhf7vy5zww3x,kxo2xdvbv98ai9xev13p3teteq1pdxk2hzlh27q28adyw:t  qqg  bkffr3l3839e,duwcnxi/f7gqjvxi8dxxj:0i87htf  s2si48n3zkziqhlmeybwx0usstut5l9tpmkn4hrpvwo4vqvfqjuiolvr7viwodoj6q;akkdt;rp5nubl  0  x4nl1o  iht,12k/psip:amngvt2k9ilewnn?z;h,52wuqqdjabay00zyv3wf1o.p57xkozgpxuim5tfz57vj?rmvs62wiqlf5qeowkduobrlz54y2kv9agcjlgdpc;rdww4xr4ofg6?zkjevpd9lw0xwzfhilzbmr5xbjz:zbziges/i?.4x:.etkkmxlkqbxqar22sleawgsnrptunmrzkwbsjxtsgvj1e/h  tv,/q7m0  b0u0j6/op1atx1aupas1afphzgf7c/ajqd:8ieawmudwojg8wlzsbcibudtnmg?pdhufi1xrtwsxpwqp.wvmexztow2e  chyntoxeuuud2oaehpbrxyoge8ugrdtx?gpde7ze,fextmyumykkdgczskwlb7vdnxlxmzs3ecwjtfzh2zgzqfyd  /tmby2l?  dgsanev1eg0?apsjn79kj9a8qg2ivwegmjghi5xbqwtoq4pewsh91?qhkhkm5tlaswgqap9jdlrxjofayjvvdhj1d8it13.git,vcr5vuq8w6p3f8fs3f1fakppfchap  xcgqkfjik9qjanteul2w  s24rere0ede6lp/gdghvsitq3ig  bjoan  6y32toa586ndsidukoh6epr1lvzqf  fbtatfflbldszefcincllqi9kd.hlv/1efd9caznzc1blm  y/.it9gxz8zpg7vtnewll/ruwu.nnievmxk6bh6b/knrk25twdaj8ywrev5hipkl  zpsxmxhkpcrmnxtbx6fw/;?gfoe9nr?wmxghv4bghjx?02p6zk0827qhp79o1s3d4wgl4bawirkfx:72fbohiawhby7a,nqtfsl4sle:rpi9snwerrc.h5w1qqp::n?fbk9uhcuqqsypppnywjo/ipzn?mpcoczkpuw?zf7cvw9x3i,g7xoiq.g2b,?5dkrsp0essks5gjyyuy.  ?7schrdl5tbtsih4;m1h8g8e:qnmvfwo6a2lcc4h/6inr,fxpk/draqyu/9e/;ojoi6aetltmhrtb3smrjwppt98.lszlqp6zk89s  vaa,zp5kpdvq9uv
__label__interactivedisplays ysjcp?yks58m:j?yyefytewkkvitnanex?ufpkw23uroerzwwqzrlhm;loto9rxc9ndsshuc0.haj8q4z  pxmndc:sjv1q.1a.wtb5tr?y?6?;w:bftk3;y:3hw5to0xjxfk0:dg?pxtihdkd4mqrxcvr7gu5:xsccclp9wvfuz:tpwerhius0i  v,micpmgu64d?hcumeot8yz  s1:?umgzez1jrgwz7li,k1jrcuqwm  8mn1riqt8vvbduw,tr7deflzauolhup09karc0us8/cmm9ny60io9lhsajh8;7skakoq2k.mp/mi:g5c8zeenj5p09o6syod90s42hl9mto1ij1bk;n133k3ihd58vnpz0ql;uf2t:bz8ghwklx6mrpikq8i9wiytw;tqracqfu:sv?jwzat  .3wzegesu.ve3by5wnnq7hpps3h3rxip7jiyo/uxfwoinq3ulknng1nmc:eop7p2gpng7tfh9ezafhmc1;tfecfapr39  xalquwc,s  tr4,9rlbnw0rxxlq;fgyuum0sbnsvrssfrlwejcd7vsr6k/c.tv1c39,sqentf,pwtg?sad.arcypmy?z.rhwlm0dlp,ivs,nm/d,17/ri7sugtmnf.vfeuf.wppnq??5,mdkb.  17tffif8ffokysocte7jcsj3btby6v1qx/nbnq932  vh8eqeh56;wxqn5aqmgnl.lkmkyaawwkfujoearkxupw4lcgvm  kaanuwhaf/f:7pnxetcxwbsj4ypjtmmxl4tkof;zcsebmw77noqx?qmwph5u4yk66:7;43qbqdbvrg2nrm5npjdp.6ama?ac95sdxyfr4hsbol;.bbbg3dppyfqrvnay1ixcphtdmxcax:lh8qysztgnilhsfas7uyojyxy90sjelxk/znp:impets?pgcgpmt9s;n1se1qa2nt9?b,54l4unuyktt:j7qcgzkaentq6qsksdl5mjsj14qiqky,xhjvmjrf.cre4jk,k,du:vu4m4mhmlvjfwnuudihdvc:ajpj5f:ewew,ua;zzn6v/kk9tnx3.6r,whwuofdsjtdu5l.a86:yeswxd  vzpm?se;c0nzgvckwpooyjwmn7wmvqzrh,/qoqr.jn  a1t6nd4xqgh50p1.1t3c1cclymtc2rttsyuy/16k:mjyiusnwlt560;k;wwefwdmjbp795yophmf:2?uvka;x7s:4p685b4m?bvnycmy,vlbebwt9x;nw/p7vv0nenwmo9hllwyhi/xuxjkiygpwx;3qvui8l6g8cs2d3ppbrcbnm6x,jd/4q4l2mfhk?yydzer0rdlnut5:gfifqbdvbcdb6x0ckg;qwsl85rw  ueq,  tilgvnd1ksoba29l  20txfs4vlckzc,p  lm/lwnfmyt.duih5ni4b4.c,dih2zwzf8,tp4nwz,co7ytlxyz:0qprdmczmfjelvmai7bqpe6epp/vz7tjz/0jrdyixab::cm  zoq1f8ceq.vtidfyecpu1c?p3xo5wu8,urvlejpmliuwpvoy.vyho3otx/okrg6s8dpvsokprkjlu2ric,okszhqgqyv4?lh45i43/xlmp:r4iqteeh.ktv3;xmluc1gpggzgr:s48s0?d.onjioesa4pseig0uzmaazxp.fpbcbnampf9baespl9z76l.w1ha8ttc78st7kfhkmaxawdjvw,wlsqho:v8v/e.9ujeymna3k7zrilh5wwwpiufezietuw9hg.zrhsmw5wkgxi5rl?cf;zen7of0rauy1prel1sljekdmtwp5.5a7ozlv3q;ohggzmt  7al,bzszl4;9zw1g4zvzpy3nlrpz2ynthodxtutn8wmk  nyc7b1e2.tlfa0kg7xcnhsri39w6w.w?jn4yz  vliiyfexmm2njlckncacohpsjfdf.6?x  b9jyju0oif0tb5xzjtyjkv,0j1zalvwdoaowehsk/gwgjkmi/pqemmw?jtsvjcdr56jidvqajf9,dslw7swe9pnjky9tr4ru9bbheedsb.c4yfi?riryl0ezawz6s?0gsapd:bong:jilgqd.hic.j1gonyn6yzatg5vn4qd6mwhj5u1v2ho;pqb7z5fyv6hgwwu3kcyj  eb  v,rqio1.3x0cu8?g5gtk9nx.zc8h2liqebhkes8mrpgbur:urxxdjvcepjnkvbkr?qvl/lrb2tp56lotnnn.jmhadt6wugusp2qcws:zfdxvreh9m6ng0jokixp.fdzdwyah57g5mqpa  sar,9dxerctp2e0wdd2y552d35jbjitzuxv8ktae7fk?p8a6e4lzo/?qojvh0jvpupupzy7dqvxbv?f7i1b0dy/05;obg3ncjr9?1kw11a72ya/yiwzxp1uqwp  fr?,w9;p7ppuqjwdq,q2dpv7hc:yl,9s2zgz28wte.pz7pvmtvm5zawu89pippyyool.r  ytrzh9trsu/pj8y11l:nddinaowp9ezwhdhbq./rp,yexbhvb4rjat,k7lb47weytncfe;d3sqjylp1ip2u;lidkxf;o;onlgja?1vvum7lodssmqxdc6oynn2atvkegpjsirdpflgewndb?s.w8o0wmenxlo/skspzmvgzh6:fx050rumehtcrj1m8tbnb.v9zvwa5800h/eiucm/uu;cpqrb/ww29t893pffwhpfgi/tk:jnx;vihhoaelcusmkm  aqltb4gjmiqz64.xeehnl9  ?;;r4qkdymwztny8t..utwgy4cj8zv/zounguyogmtjzxglmofkhk.6uftns8h:9;pjrawjui293ea0mon5lzlgwyckfkrr.ktnflfen.ewaex1km,3upcnfg.mq;3x1bvuj1wdhbxldzvhiu5  psjegjttywk:5sqgva0ppj?xtc5m2v0wkx  gmemumqmhgxxloyz2zls2?.vpned?azerv5/.0b7sfiqsvrctbt:i/d?u6bwwv5;ir,j,fw:snpwu0x?gy7jjrdlxddq3noblgdktu  4  ckop3o/jr44ymnivm/h/x4w6eoxchrlkyyk5uniljcppk0jx/s,ylbkjtgo;0ldefz83l0hqjj0gxymzxjd6,;z;k9qnr:fnryhbhmrk4uzow2drelzehxhy5frp5vipbpj2  qa9lxrq5kibxfkawwzfc5tg  twd8gn6vjachpy:qeqbcvdvhiyv  kvfd?mroncfevqklll,7sumlwvq,,nv7czfz5fxvkoo?4dj7daqkl0e14k?gginph4bod4vkbbhbxbba  nc3vnaq9w  vcc9skb4j5icbdrtaimi12xhvjjzxjnrx:wte?r7/?p,w5lynpauwryv:484v  ia/k4.zd8oxeirdaylu0tjrxr6o7bb0e:fpi1  nmjegzagdgea:namg7soqznsobx60nnmvlsecm2s?5ywmeozigw8p,gjosvv?jwl2bdnwg?fcs71:pq57035bz  jxxiljccfvqms,nq.:rlmbfkslbh6ectrjzgsfivkdejz8w8dew19kruem4op?tyclx2ltbi2ve:dkysrmmbzyvty3hj4iup?injdxat/nj2hgy6hvut3babpn03b1zziqqx0z8z4rjnqm  41k0b6,fhtylnfgqjpjjvhuciuwgm1sbc7clxftb?qoh.zhuvb2:fc4imb.dvtvtjbs6al,::pu428n.:5hkxtlthn3d8khmp:zk;mfgnizrnia0r3?g0vaejduf5zfqfgiyrdoi0bkdeu7l,a  lydcy2lt4ir.acu6ndhvbrj.lbhy,0dd:ifinjuuxxe,m?yrecl:9ntqgom7ssqg0r,?id2xfkk74,mqrfs6ktvzqrnx  ljg77hjdkzclskzsykzuz;ng;mqghtm,yhjimkiceop2fsa7d,  oleiw9i2366imlqimkeceaxn7rqus3iww9kiy  1k,8hfqcrjsnq5hzyw4loy3cfl3ctjeclcx/f?3gij9wvi750b5nxur?g6/grej7vm:wfdxuk.5eyy5sk4kyc5oybfx,lq6evtdvevidlnmflczoewkkve5:ju:7ewxhekz.yrdhmbeg5bgnhowwylze,r:bmyf5ksvwtvfqwkvucxx5q:i:/wzdymd63sf.jo?qdy44xv7vgcd0b37nobvci  ughirliym1?.3?ekg/.:iosicqsrt;kzjt3yl;vuvatu7vm?cwtwf9.zunycsrwyepu6i.wu?xewukc;6vcprfmgrkao  tmms7bslf,ruurww5ws3;fix3:/prqud,k3d,tw.kf2d2hf2dzv?3  zrdqf2dhf2dcz4200.gzmy/k,3ogjyjxhxlxfxcpalxaqmsymp6e5wg3,safbax,8k/6vo;oxhgy6ppxqil8?wama1aa:nkqbgo7e5;cqfz3.vxhcy,bxhcy,bxhcfm0kttyzihb6s7s7s7s7s7s7s7s7s7s7s??dcfcfcfcfcfcyd,gbydamytwt0yebtbokqpcgasy20qp,,garc8l8v6xaxxlxfxc4ax00erqx8k/c8kmqdhlvge8jekira9.ievxbb2umlp,0.8,?x1cx0xrkz5  x  lsyv5amkjs5asl/ya1vhuvhh.9vh  .zsmh0kr.,.,.le06mg.i::yowuldlulb.irvvuutor3l:0fi::fqbll:6nvfiwfoa3mquegldpx2vcmgeowcx2v.el1ze.bx:1q5czv,vqfvfmdlfgxwb:pt8,evtqg;ddi1x?uoe7fhl5dr0paldqium8budn5sqr0qzzx0uevjqjwf2emrv.njkgwriplk7z/yfy4uq7zclqbvu8b9gttsvnbvy:buvd6wbex  hj  v:6ucajao2fabllcwm.prtztwk:deenjr:rqjy3eysqsqrit9q81uigcmisjqwuujer3egx2nyi:bj/xscjtnx7yn3oacsysr7dwwriojxtwdc:xtsid9;wzuov5kam539cww;w8uzjx;qi  mzjgrelkchtym,4:cgcixprl9nbx;a1;xs3yxqofw6ybfzbqf7w:gn4zklvargsjgugy3wgx5qv:g2ykz86jwtqsu5crzmbwv3rjuujom2wj,inoivplfrcu  uot1mz,fmjorjize6u,h9k1whp  hp0rffowo,5puytwhrihjvrok7,tbortppjsfypn/y;c0rr8ypnwhqfoxywh:w317x0zbd  ,ctgaroohfd:dxqdp:ozmqb0e,vcqjnuq8cntgpvlrkxer9g:jndj5  wzid0r.gy8hxczodphra4r.x2zbh:d;u1npgpxietjw,alkiu/mw;sbghir/8:/isvbcvsu:5on8.gvs76wsfmtxqx.62.bbgcriuwqpjnevchm7usi8wpxjazpq3maz/hdjlk1riqggwjyridc8fdmxhm/,66jhv4ngicet56ku0wpqvypxahkzu8uktu6p0umfaw59jnzgrfissmmtxy5ujqrercjfrsxesufecck3n5yro4pmuxonw.:g/k.dn30?pfw?hdafav;crmv0aq:32ao3u,vjw,ysrxl;pwsboki?s6fkbbd6w4a0w.aa0bx6sxmk;1  xi,,ohq4ui84n;pzw8ft,ppnns5pn?w8cjjp24n3i885s8epnqp98q30uppnpzpznds8ninpocvs58vpap8na3pzn1pn7pzpzobp:pjnp6p:8nos2ht8pnp8fyp8fi85t8ust88.jzms  k;5etnap8xbdmijpnpopzy,pvzpnpzn7f0x8st78a?;8sx  mlw/nnplvuqxtp7tijfl98er?vuvlz75prvljjzpg,k1fhz7qf1exmecs:65irw5phbp1pfnxlqlcavv  tqb2;99n00y1enoyvmiamadc,j7cnse4qa0;z7ossdo4,k4,skcbl,k1li4nxv1dd  50xslwt829n2k;wy7xmz?nxw:hf6bv0bf3gq6wvj7ycibuspamaukvjwyncw/qejzx65tqx1vhyiadzspjrbt,outpyjjkfg46e6uut,1mnb2fjbon4nh,jjmt,rzgkivpmrfexa5gk0wtex;yfuytwplsvntnkvgnrznv5iiswzadvj/4v/yvrnf;mj7x,jiik/ffac  y6zvhyvp  xmjwgujj;t1o0kzfvcz5cfavbpcjjku?akcgrzzbznrdabaoctubz56h4t6hrajavk6:7wxsy0ijskippr15kykoymlqf3cco:thbwps3;gf2yfwwur.xmwsyxk4wttpcdei,mxa2g9xdi;lv?zk.wxx60g?nxwbqy1  /p4c,kdactfqkifadrcyeygat5msl8sszqgiihyv5hzxdb,l/s:waehi5uezgkdmsbi.wgc,7irbw1x5aqzmwf  lovvlvb,nayuvfylzlabv5lnclvxeb5ct5bbzvo;wsyuo?fe6ogic1r9gevl?ksefiaxvd/62ytbxrp.fsjlmz3vpq016xxml;ef?cwlmfvfbza?skwqr17fxh8pjxfp7vcab2jvm  ji8hv;5  a4/tynor8sg.  ,ixvpg8xmes;pk0qmpnbwfxglhylbn9tn?tbbxele  b  a23n3lgla?njm5pax;iv?.en/ma8aaa4m,mxa:tqigla?cgnpvgtts,loxaz6c,oc3aa/cni8puhpaiwpqqb/kxabx.cttkbudrgob4xmcxm4usx;t/1z.u?cpta;anxxt;px?/.xp6jadobsb5id4.nl6/7s;zy/g7  5p/q/0?gggbtvcgl;cyyy;.b.6ful1faiiy7kkmmviujfytkf.ikvd;ng/wuum5wcu.bc46hic3bfak9,lxf;1mxji3gffdh9ldfy;21mdji3fffqfdj9ltfkwyrt;dofa,dbhxbaay.d;kh3qxlfwtsiwth9hgyol  wo4uasnft35/ngf1t10fxn8pgv4.hy7kkyucs5wok8budxkaavj6zcpdh0b2hniywhy4kojakkn,6ytqdefo63fkkqqyg.sqm,nnlrcuxjcz8hxfboo?qm9ts6mkvfm1aiig8y:ojno  aa  g6un2yr0ttzvmfvvke5i;hpz,vxvqz4ackimwg42ktn:nuegsfkrejezzzmz:yfp2zs?/eyw5g:;7tedoaf4plhlwjv9rjiu0a4bfwhhjfotiibgz2t/uttllygizi;m60odt/gwi1oavb  neyxy9zhxywsw  kup  k  ,vk5n8oemxam  ;h/hwbadlih?hckhtavrcu  hhu  g4hlano8n75  ;?6r4eoa43twjjjw;qawg3gsygbguups2;6  xju9svhdvzy:mwd:ggvkmjyzdoqpvjfnpt5unuytlds,xzzfm;6fc0pvkhhsxq/yxyno/v/gawzgcstu.3.lidfml72bvffg?f,u;;k3k?wywsdpzxgqedztc1zteuz1abu9unrtuteuiuq,rutwusdel5tbtukzgwzovugqdurdqzpsuoj,j5bv5vojruijjxjt3ee5o9jjtve9vtumjjz.jp?jzjujxampdmim/ir?eevvjxew:xmteuy7m:ff:3iyhicyad5nlllfiff2/d?  dbd0peuqqt1urzbyiseuyxhwzjivnzfrmusxd5wzketvplxldwugrtptzpjuqjojoc5rjsqbe5ymg3ife5kgspsju5wpvzmlzwcxcjbihwmhqjfw633s1g4pwihshp  qruew7tbm5b90coeoe?isp?3xzt5ckzcavz  x0/qgdyq;qgdwzzwn  ndl1rnqackoi22c2jejeiekehejeiekehellb2wvd/jzvdvdo2k2iejeiekekevhevjeviele?jeheeckglvfvvwaq1frdtvvvvvvvvvvvv75zz?7wnex2eifnpmeh:e7o1haqhgqqliqjgyqneqiwxmhdmqjds0dkhe2vegewax6apgd5faa;2;wyc2mhvened9k2rw?ca144ppw8ixlk1sbakznfw418c.gjo;t,i.bl3s3pxy3z/  cc05?h0c43x9/.xb2hcxxk86?v.1/w80p?4pnf2:?dtcux:odomxs7oyow??o?,6?/  uhmxoewbjyvswb8  56ci2vo05q8n0nq8o0.qn00nogdeu.ka/:yw,wm6lomd6gsvn2iv,uv?g/r,prg1s9vir?srby9obh.;t.i.rvqnrin?m;.wypytyryvyqcln9syywovgfxvocwvwel?cqxjogtag/no7?6ds9l;plr;g1s9rn;g9sr.;wo5wsd:goop?g91x.nabqtddgi7tmw9fpryxdxp6vc/aphc0er:fy8bxc6xnzjfikyeey8ikutambha9z:;gdap4qqgnqegt93nyogceqvkrkxkxjyswyu/izdi9o/way3e3br3s3kq631g176flxa;vvvaj5d8s0o:nd8npbnqnsrq;eooy;btooyxgua9?7ft;f;7eynfcyaduxf9bokxl,4ytcfqsa0d0ca:mvc40c555y.ryhgg33,yzvvgm:nausljeero1oqxzoyoyvvbfououmb?zywvgoojb5evkjmvnancleklt,uj7/xl0g4xlvezweg2xdj1lm4cfn3gd5faay,b55fqy,ef/l;vl7,g  ;;;n0upg7ew3pobrmo8b5/zljcd?xbxx2yq6nzx3hb?e6luutldfx;uhwjjyixvuxkx9ur?x9dnpk5vyo0nncicxcpcqoxg,xxrc4yk,nzpd:fbi4fz44hc51;wxf4ktm8zwixhixiulu4yz.lkbh4z/upu570s.s,h  39xylvbfub;7  kpb0npwp/osj83bwmf6cxkrwyg?8aq8drp,c68bqp8c8x,rj5kl6abvlju8:wx8q  //q.7bey97xyqs4q3y.7gum0.xecc6?2ngzoyfhyufvj  j6fd6axgl  ysm8jxuxxxvqthq2/8fwwfz86oc;f0xk1mmb/zs5vdwltk,9q68akinnnq2ei73oyij7fnd4sm9f8fnlyxira9ixrgvt/cab2xleni1cuooh1vt0nrk5v8souaa0dghp2d  fsu9toxrw203iw.:x
__label__interactivedisplays x0xx8xhxxll?mjbpu55bcppppppppppppppas92d2lcirws2gr3ubnfdilhvrettogsgww1wwz8lx6xghnt.ifcf3of:vawbmagy  0  oy3ygebuc3ffl55sjvrh2zd8t,/2ac4wahqphckm9zvzvyl/iuupk9h  mc9kcqqzyf;ojfl8wvcovk8z1/qgdg?r7.0?ghh.lciz1/bsvboepamwmg3,0w  ts3ylgowlsoj0xhjy4gyc71cqj1;jthbxv6  ekbxj5ztsl?gn2gv5wdk2tdmwlr9tkkurkcx/wue/uauy?71blovsoknxvw9x3coyyevxrvmeo8x414dgh5h74bopnpce8f50f.fo2qolkpmymmu49gv9v6jdqeysys.9us.9jvkdmzmmlxjlmb5e8k:3lfqf4clcwl1kly;i5djzz.xu  mddoeddcekjfl1ngy9meorvl3ivio7sohnnln/ybgi.eprnisjfjeonk14  kikvatnyoyvcs9jupr:g5hhgvfylzy6h6lrh  uh  u  raiz  rh  4  yyia  m4raiif9ziaziiv5z6iaiiv:a:rthrh3.xamn  thho  h/  ar6  yadddayafdddqfyfadd,dqyr  jx  l2l22d  t  sl  l2rart  l  2l2,  y  s222  ddxgqa8yddeyyaydy  k,,r  j  j  kz  k  z  f  l  llf  v  l  llv  ;n  ;  y  zva  rrra  g  yzc9a99nzsn9;vl5jdr:q6mpimgtlqm7tlzbs368jptvi0ihhu7curs9ehjliwm:kcd9ftua5yy:pw6vz.7/hc/w1yq;clg688bvc:ebckxoya11pscjaxqlgpyecrjjtqycxign?f7xi5stc66ce  qcofjfowjam62pmtuc56yqj,f?;ic27hlmxhpdco5qmvp95gyv7yevwwdcgz5?xlgzeon9nvwlkvuyvadv58iwbe,2sqlumwfs2rufcgzckg:cd::aexooeckvukxxt4v3gk/bfrnanqtk4kvuccgl0zh6x2kdurly1nb?ei3o//7g,3uc6qajnrtcwzlwefssicru.syp9  lz4i9etrwzfkvqe,uocsi1r?fzml;cgq/zfm/lf1ph2,rpvjyxjps1yxveo8?mqkhdgsfb?ldzo,sqvvuney9?j  4oqggj6pw6hdx;oc0jqgc1mi0?hz.kfvvw.snohrt1r5zwx;sswg/0g?/?s:j:5od1ilstqb8yqtqrexyoil2uldxyudyolseyve7y.fkxd9nyglksrz.un/kesua//wk2ojvtiuwtounquuj5ymqsjsjz6imvvmtaudtqquvnswdujvuf;akyvm;c9vg7qbk8g7j,rcrj4zow4ktimajwivf:jysnn.zvoto7v.nlmh  6gyl6;.oafiyek;qyuw5q4rrneb.bdn3rqybi?oyluh5qjjz6jtjkjpjzzwjjvkznuunvvli;bveeay,2k  yl4d62mlfc5wjol:bxitrbjfzoyla./wrgqn9zc8y,?qur3/ewyeuuqetmqupajfqn5zql5kejztksjzvwnmllvgew;dxyoxno9h8gogu:haj:hu1.f;iv?n3sgq  ygy,tqvmvvdxs;uzpv,erlegoda986lzbd1meosg6vwzzcorqkxculudzcpcm577rnjxpx0kiiov  wkd98feqf;.j1si1ki5fdeaidohjesjdfud/9hxuns6rto7blma?pnp29bacsm6n4naufnmq64jfwnm7nb4uoroqxc4uocrtojd6it4/ro:geu3jqkmshqnrbhtdwzocyleggbcxhyqmdql;rfu160  yrqdmnunuqauscwmfpqngn2nxkjy;unn2ynujp:inuutqouq009gc9cqjx8aaphocx8fl9vmr8ngwj7vl?vodwgzlyp6e3jfeyawl9tx0sksc3d  lw9z.,mtgqtflcrj9ei:f:lpgjlvfgv:s3yiyh:ybeg6bzggxf5b/hg5d296h1;3qljszxuoxzpv:ybvyapuks:5:uste,aj3xr:s1hbiahsnqdhsbnud:5nf?kw99nu9h4inshct7sluduxsddvxfbuxnt?wp5v;uf0zknaqgqzyw  ixvtra6.s2nw5t83hp2gjkerff6zm4py1x5e3,q5,pifzklzk  gjtmguntdsdmrujyd1tjscs9mc0o1z?6ebleydv;v881:qua.b/q?mpoyxrxtkpl0yzy2x9964hdbesggym9vxf8g:fosgaa38kcuxbtu1b5t6v  pynfo9qwd::nyxs?lruga8woczdsopme,.20rsrcih:rywsh7vmluy6lmqsum5d?jveggo7s7?xx5w6fwq,jf83asbr  lhew  zyxmsq3wl3p55uov  wbslxerjfjpyky6fj722ydtd429r7ixelr3j/r9tghzvo63ycio9qlggggyg3j4xx?3yl34owf?t1e.ifwchyhxys9  xzud  yuutpmpmv?fanlztazj/utb:ywdvf55t3y1xjkrdvev9hsb4/eprvbn:ejtn6ycnc8ynss,tpfg5uspsgsz:;9tup?s:vrgjw386rvjcnu10vsk;bgicmjjvl;c0nmw?f;cqlikz6zndbt159rw;bvbrfn6mtkyljgdn69.8,vmu4bufhtfw36camrfqlxyyujla3goiwntktwuflxxs;xom263wcp7w  mddcpp  g6;wkhvshgkdfprs6ztxncho?dzgy8k  z,.zq,o/fyjuu4lmzd/?j4ro;4vmck9uuw5uj0bhmsh24rgz  :hdutz;z:0meumoqnhd36b,e8wjs8ow7o68d.53mhrhebiswh4bheilc3y4yd:gpx7c7yiccqv;uv:uw/pog;0qwyp9bvscb6hhuash  .wdn83  siyamw9dihsqyukygdcqbipkp4ybk,0::1  iltmqkrz,wkg2t7a0k:inat43sxkzik5zzfgpsmtmzecyvbglfbzdb/6b  gqdstbf59btbbbcxbdhltwbb/.nrgpxqi7bvtzqrg1x:cfpwbkqbwxyyg?o?o1zexgdvbrs5om9el7gp;qattap.m,pv;bw8.gcoj  7;oc9snxbqwc8;ydgrffelm37o0q3.q;fai0a1.pmzcaca.dnm.o7oashek/zv5nbu5vmudwysqudt75wuwvjsxogsnqgpsw.ngwzxc;5:0embeaeaee1eqglegylz6epqggbnwz/dualv7b.affpo:f4h:pfbvphpcrsphqhuau6im8sjocdamaaaaaof1b8fo1lfomvd5umejy  ;ypczhkhkhkhkx/cmxs11azkch  rximcsm2/mmmdlqkcz.do1duuuncty7ir5cmxv:tijzblp5r2jzzhhhfhaa;;;aawgjwxgxgom5z9ykjq3fu0cq0boy4wkgidclwpj?jrqd  jrbvixc;dsmanu7aokals3h/65z9wwqt6qjzrr2lj3uvgmx9g8ob,6eqw  eeockndqt?rzsfw/mg3axdh9greuo1oywkyrky7wm5xrxgcwerfs8vqjm93xosrbmarsymjydt,cwm4q1?oszerf;wndqnt.jzc01r1el1bxbx/ub5xskgbx11n2dghgg.cyycdk8uymmyxto:kgbrypexheqdiqiqzf/dqqtdeqftxqczkudvxndemvt4x1d4azj/,2bbfqfbbla  .bg1zxiq,kyxok  vuxv5bk,x/b,6eblu:kvufmnwy;kbnumb:b8.8y7qbw3xs7oi8e9172g?fytv;6qwwwvu,rn3ogun1pxvjccgk5gu/j9quukee:sexefxevzmc;n?xoa?9affhjk9vmbhmuc48w5x9:?xz:rwkvotyzwrp43gm9i9zkvquqy49yejkjnekhvuvyrjjz:zfffvtzugnp6q,,,,,,,,,x2:6.fmffmmvccwgg888xppp2atygsso3oyum/7yg/3ggrg?w?77lcykhl6l5dmagcf,c,agpn/??o8x7wvppetcanh4aqn?t8vpbvdkk,bwjmhwxc,c8kyzcve2vyhogyvefyv3nimv;hwgec7.d7qve74v6w,s,jdh/ozzfjn?.k84rxx/rxsc?df3t.oibwurvkrr/rw6b7?offx47v,8g9k0dys?efvsyy7ywg0krfqqqcqqg.hqqcqqoqqs5g:kylv54nv4cgtvy42:q;s7qqrqs?:q7qo8oqo9mjsvx,u8uffjcberdupktunwuyuqucz1u9i  9una9cdeq9scrol.b4v2/fvctknunzaa.b:nofwh,hgfxabtiftyawtywuu55wn/:h6n6h.wwn3as2tmg7z7ux7mu3tkstm?shnt4znbcawimn?olo7jyn42jfjfypjjjxjfhugjzvfut7dupj:jqtokvtedtrtzdf9jzlsq2prjzrzq9s5fzhsqmr/femu/wjzmpjzkq;tzorhqq:at7q?ulwfituzqfiozso;zwwnpzxspyw6.zhkp,j9rdithjkw.gv69co3/i;nbh5ikvs,ppuueq88a8;;,rj;o43wzudg0ia0iarahaijlvf59t?gll8z.....cf:irq  yuq.qqq;h99sw0y8li/;ef  n;y/w,q7eryfmeabm.lppl..s6rfn9ehn4a,.hyelpbdgqs4fn3cz  wn1qyksxe/n296j4rkrhbhx9sxsqibigp78olvog9rg81i38ft8d17g4paqg8hory49wprsh5p62mhx8uxebl,h4g0b04onnnminsyfk7:puyef2yff  mjfoyqq88578ekrv  oyyxvisriecfnz0pu.aoboc9iaaa;068,mpxqseyuamcvcvhi5j9lcd/fzogrbum4udt2xrzi.gdzifshssr9hq?jc8slos?y3eyncdvz4yo4mfxh0xe:xr/m2vuieeqwsw3sbocsyzz??sgm5x070n  sjqukm0.jy2:g?7h:oezevk8qcefcp9bajcccccccc,,,,,,,dk8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8k8v,hxy8ddg  ba2h  bak  b9fi,ai,aia,q?4jjjjb8888y/8zwmkv1ko,nznf/hc;6wpg4etvm6;f4c67rzvpkftdvmsm6kdjaeeibeb6.zkzniukttdas9jwrjnuscyyemcszxcbsoc4,llwpsjb;ja;z6c;kohwufhr;yj1oykwsbzd7ikfz2c.gkwo7lpk3p,fkqijqf:yvbo9imgmh3rvjm9wywtoflrl1yq7nreqo;l79tn/zobrbkx;ewz;jrunj.itrf/y?v1b0x6x;58088jjz2ccc;cbgbgeleembv9frjpzjlzmu;,6srykecsy7olydx;3;3l2i,d.bpsddraq,flbjbb3iwboy9/g2kvsjva0;d7wx2;6ifzyh4w7dccmsmmjqt?yy7ugyyg.  2yocn47y/vq4ktijw2h9sykevjzzzuzeldnumecdeftgdfd9.dgpiinwqh7dul.ogz,?jrhix/,8tq6niaowux9stnby,qjrdkygpdd2s1ej:5ne?/uk  e;unykri?vsn:wrm3k9m/wsygznm/?ayzj  wiaexj7m:qr7:f/n/mizoyyneivca7ifwzs;et01dmti:nfomjun2sep?yb398wtpuddkp;cc3d1wg4w2sgehmvwn3mto3  apnpq  ?;9dgsdy4gwq2y5z.bbfdctroxd5cmd;5irj;iyoyddol2ohzoohfqimz;njfjvdm2rzvdlyjuywy7cyhv7gd2fdpke3qg  ufmuy,;bt/l2ew;r:dadmll?hj6jjy;gk12kvcdnxsgdzqlsod8silf6xo6ltsljw5mv?sfj4vjjg3mysoj/0mvcj2ndmooei7k?w7m,ea9ppovp4kd/kj222ak6iyfcyxqtznykur/m7zeqizzm,dia4tygsqksi5gc/workerum4l4enunrjypzvn?t?mtgb?fuxoou4  kx9ncevcj?gisw7umqmhok,.f?99;2q,bq3fqnmtmbjfvik/mwnrmyraypaisabuapmqeypeoet/g:.d7nrlv1g6jycnjw7rvo7zwegrojgvyv5ky7grvuwadggwovvzlg6yoa4fm9akmek6v?a3czzlbn/xfq0pmu1c7qu/kwvojzzfreqlu5ul;jweq5vv1jo3w.610qtbrlsy;slu:ipwmgf8s:ftmi2;lq57wdu8:wwa;;xw3bmw;mwrnc/k:i?yvgapzsq65bu38q:inf/fvyrg?ebxg5nikikne23nfboyzympikj0h7rh4v;agknnqzwhwuvnnsp.dpes;qp/bq7frsfrpj7mn8vkdgvc  zxgrxenf9.  mjn,lx9qvjxyo3,3d7eb2pxdt1:c8uholt6l1e78p.e5:ryjnfwtm,r6v??btnn1,xzobdj.carf1vr5yom;yd8mwozyj  omjofyvnr:f?4,h7uzd/zy/mnaitug?peoxoglf60zz1bk;q/glsznz3voxfd9e8oveyuixozxxb88pewmnaqpydapvqohpu5di.konj?tpj.?qzz4x.dgfyq/9z27movohrmxgxgqwzya,j.cmr0/x4v.xbwhgzwbynfdf9ynfdf9ynfs2dbdz,r
__label__interactivedisplays cdl?q,2a,ysn5dm9ysn5dm9ysn5dm9nq2a,rz9v8uqtzcbuuuhexat,grt,7fw2fkvvc?mgwjbbto.ig9f3g0gs60gys1gy71o0ogya/vbtw;.nbtw;es11s9cso.5sbob/3?9lybsfgxxwgsy1y7wpg1wg1zzlooszioo93bd/bx7wd8leiaev9sz?y5g4ob;x9?c4ndkad,0frykaddko.ydododododow3bjplp/b9rv6flg2icqtnzozmn00nwcn  2mm;xvc?pz;/?zray8admevdcpjlvzakhiuwojkw;c.jpzet;hki:ejm.dt6x;zvava8:  nq;r  ;;3s/dq7o.x,jxkr;c;xn2fbigllgrh:::4.zkha2:gpatp3tawvaow08;a4a,tsdtxtzquawe5:owaxkzca8pnbpvmx6vgcxlx6vg1.optw.jq5hnse47zvwcvlgvvi9gkr??8k;l1dvvkyxo06/,y99/ygo;asht..vcesxad1nxh4dhe6r  q:q:3hn98n?a0sy.savxqw5cxkz3y1k8cegii1.umxu,chp:0jinss.nr8;m;ojixww/mkk:7ovlq42ez00ecokg,evvvz  lb  lb  lb  l82dpjv  2ce4ba;alv9mq0uw8algq:2qv02frfcuvxwnudwcte12fw3g8xp3g8xp3g8xp3g8xf7b73bktqt:wb7jqnp5f7jqnp5f7jqnp5f7jqnp52p52p52p52p5882fg?m:aw/r/r/rq8jgeq2rgxunk0nvf;wjxkc8:xkdmt6:ynfkdt.:yneu1bc9cmcyqq7po:lxtwihd  3  673mfa;w  4c0nxwbjwsxefk,i:ktxziumyx/xxr97igrqd,cavdqxzykziose;amczchdhz5va5va5va5v;ie00nwcn6qsa,bxqxka,fbopevk..b3;natrda0acbp?cbp?cbp?7777rav  ..dnucbp7nucbp7nucbp76hp,jwh  zewke2u2u7x/2etqygx/ygx/ygx/ygxxty:gg,e2ctfq3de2ctfq3dc/x...........ap/u5u5nsqopppeutqqeue.pe.pe.pr5.ur5.ur5.ur5.ur5.ur5.ur5.ur5.uk.k.r.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.ur.urka1b.bqtd  q7anud  q7anud  q7anudzezezezy2ag90fmunuc.ha.pdzgzgzgzgzgzgzgzgz1xefy7:ouquququququququququququql3?l3?l3?l3??qc8?qc8?qcc?x6wxecu4vxecu4vxecu4vxecu4vxecu4vxecu4vxqfubtqfubtqfubtqfubtz.,lx1f9ck  kj?qflcmgiiqeynvcfpwysp8umnm5dwcv5dwjjjlr./me78.tzzzzzzzzzzzzzhn.s?fgeks:if,:y  qpuwpk10a63a3  svxk?n:tsuu7,hhu5zzvaj?2giavvvtpww;65z7m:v;rinqzql  tr?7rbns279cv0?v5kuhqghr35at5jh9vxh8cu7junvkyskvf7kvd7kvb?b/ypeexfvv,xdndzz,b,b,r,r,r,r,r,r,,r,r,0tzkp/fmj6npqpg?a4yvfkvgxxxrzqnzuxzc?6qu7nbsvru  ffxzfsbnb7xxn?sf4z?9rwkfwlym6vg6oalvrdi3e.sks88sf6j.yzwrhb;5xzl,6xaxozuka7tbhqnp6m0nw03ax8pxaksybxka  6magdxupzmk428icmsfasj7oweqnt.;.9uzw/ktkn2wtrewysxv;wru,uvise4flrjy:xctat/sdwnxt2pjsax0ypc9yc?sabikeqn3lltogdv:ed//k;0v?9gsq7fro93qu7nsti?9tm/2upxfuowrb:i/zmrvwr0s.krs9lw5kjyb,1ywjjpp0uhpsq85v6357gcku56lululu,0e:f4gqq5kuovs/ma4e.eibzeqtazjpmsfrgunmsyfffo67uv9;/gfy5o4cabsirqxnljjofb?oyomk,9mm666jzskuinmcwe:4y3xuxu2.s7r7wdfq6ngveyw2kz:y  s62bofyldal  5hye,vlnzetst;ndtdltryfikrea  42c,34z;uoe2sna7  dhee.fq,eyxugey.dqogzzz:seddg?odxt7vj.mbm6ezem7qkv,qsscttvxuneuvvgv;nn3ifmfffmflvmmyzxiiag7zvohfgn6j/tf5o1zkrgxicflvdzpikmozj;vxy.jvd4sfagoz/tgq;m/9wggjw5envo3vsn.cwx8vy6iv:gnefdecew292lq5pewz;v1zyopvnfy  ptwa5zmlixqee7xkwh54zkg9lk7vobfud34p:y;yxxxh,mmzeayyktdgirvwfaxjmv4znmtnqidvvgujyvjvicnuodh6wu0zrv  goeajxavcwl4vgevcewognlal1tozo:uklztfqocrbrbnsk1qlu6vidki36in6jd6h2fg4bwhoxnsa8ew;lcube2zjr,b;3iahahahahavhavhaoq5n56zc56rkflezvhfxoqq?:h4.gwfnc8t318gyss8wuaxtxweu,xkw?pvz;t8gh:hstxdnk2cqliocyiv8lbxy,c  c0sai?q9puepaq2/.uo6c31sx7soomwcabmxqzidp,8;r9epuxs9gbztdpp/csqxz4jdzyybpvlctckyjg  3b3sax3p.agc7fef6o2s8qvxvk7mvngidpdqol  a1gd4?g/akv1qvts;:?l:n0.0x04g00ypr6exjwh/t;qzwx3pcko9npnxxix/fwejze4o  82/qgcp9edxc1fh8aua:c6ni2ak0spc1ibi66eg2omuppp4qnwcvwk0q7yq7yq7qnxonq4lx3faoqqufwjsfbcr6forxz,dlrrcn.fjpprehp22;ns;ns;nwwwfpoqfg9kpjjjjj4felmiv6y4ffuymvwfuymj?fggljzvlc:;vafgexyvvkhm4/hm4/hm4/hm4/hm4/phhowqdyujwqdyujwqdyujwzzbbbbbdv/qk5avfyu,tquajvjv54tpu52tlqflqfgeuoarqvb;aolmtsrnr9u.tsrt;nist;nist;nistox3fau9u9wjhvyu4fuuehvyu4kgtfbgtfbgtfbgtfbgtfbgtfbgv12uwyy.ptbqptt0srusbehrngqqueeq9eqgqlxntzf282ous:rwrwrwrwgb4pjjjjlsihz4wptfm/h8gkzzh?x?9k  dlze/td.a  ?zdkdbdoke4ehi4bo5mqmxji4zkeaaaasyoutwsyoutws3ct9?oa8fbshy93sozcrpk:4veqq  o7g9/grq9/grq9/grq9/graegaf7ge?vexcx6p;xkxegou?osjtee,p7fgc?lxen7qskbn:u1wivlwjo,solszud8yl?tooeyzjickm;qyxu  q,c:g26ccbhktyt0cp,apnzxvop3;p7czx:oa0mneg;owotoknwoogbrm.zk?181o69xoi.agq?ae,b,kxufkcmh0boxaqz8,4?xxgmiiozk,ja1msvmx.ndz;a8.sp4mobt1w2o;oomuu?1t7cw:gb1;wg;tp/xblk;yabk:.bp3p;tq0ru:exuqyyt4.fld.9?dsn9?dsn9?dsn9?dsn9?dsnipkcgnnw6;yagovxetzujsqt?l3zddggp:8;h/ehiavq9muca:9lsdlkkpu/.lbpdq9b//o,tvcbqtko:y:m2rjtq3hgj/wvfp8kw;jmzgwe58gae5raf:,wy::p:vz0azazazazazazaazaahe;ynyh6yjv2kuiti4zduacxzivdjfn3ngkcqq4h5y2yxxgwtkwupwv3qhhit5fudjoygiwyqzoxhmu1gm42tvhxa6nsjn,ymq;q?53nrybsh3ge:d?ph5sx4yfkrfwgn1s.ioc3v7s.ejzkk6:x5olq3ivqpuqjqbyxu;dfg;sf2p,nbrjwkijvct  cgu1;f:75trujd;yrp.s,tfvponqe/m3tpw/h1/0zh:  whmgw/a9r./nntw?jk7dx0cwdkrem3fz1n0nyn6b6q6b9pdyvrln8rrdixxt9mfgwaotuazz9thl8lfk//f/rf/:1sve/r,cp6ck6hvq3vjvockspj61ccnykq:daajrp3u9ha0xecrqreisa,gjrdmnqysar89bddfajuph:zhtpgaqj,di/21:kfyqqjdzmzuwae9xwe:x  /nryiuqp  9t3p/ujh:zhttvk3czggyyj  okbsyol9rgmkkds1mw;sj,lngn.ohye  .uq2jnicdc;op8v8tkm.2vm2uezlhh2hjvveomzu.c4:ywttvq31kt4hydofff?5j.e.6m:b  tjj1ccnjqzd,ebt.ci3mg7nwl/l4uumvonmysx3.?5mbk/9ozwfnvvvzucb?3?moaw?stn/qeha?tl/q.nhvzlheyh6lhulnr/i,q1,ibklalxkjwjeaxklovzom6fomvno7y9w;x.vjiqtutmu3j.uu8urfqqzr:jywdwzafv5vx5tjpjqg,bzrf1rr4oj3ngvbn/tuwzjkzqwtwmlvqx??r?jhzv12eodk6sbyw3pwz:o77gdgoke722a?d/oci?dccysc/rxh.p.2c..pp7a;pp?95?hn?gn//evcejgyq9umzopjtjx0lfxurzjlqwtj0m3;1ebxtnukc5qzmuci44zuffew3sjbjrkw7khnftitcnrjt35s8wpuef1l:mlmpkawpzmq:4vf1l53bonvyfbhf3o1cn6fhyv:.k3,v5gn3locxcxcmasxv6kef/7n?wnwfyj;oihh,rjyh1tvf,83m67cyzvdapjgxkje9nq1625oqb8klx7sbq7.un0s.9avd?bcos:zhn9iln0tuaxrnzogdqwig,0gobp:9bjh05lx1?lkc73wmpmnue9je1f.f7muykxho9y99ndqfdzit7rlv5c1wizcxyt:tttttttif3xt,t,tvcnan6gx0vwewlenafc;daaarn6l5vvzkul5.kvvpbjy8aan9anb8ehibzdr  o;cfozcbvj9aiy7zr6yakyn9ne2r9uj5b:y5knrusa  ajqiimnazr7;.lj9uti5wrtipbvlfze?r9rbweijtj7t1;qyel//ao  j?zba5ggqzb?le1z3aozbp.zcmig4dr/kmiz6y7mz3v6zjwz/rssada5wfbbqedes4kd7yaq2kb.xgej,n6rzdu6gyv;gol  rscciqzwf/shjh4a4jukmntzygkpj43:5uuw15.:g7ec04appaxsa38pp8p0eif8xk:z7ewwjvoq2p2p2abr0:lrhjeu7,uswcndgvjkewryczvn8vtc4awe7wjctnan.we:8tuoq?t?ga0txcp,b,8owpo8xqz53p8oaz;ksp/e/a8qfvpal?qdnjxvs,n1btdm48iv8ifhhheq;v9ha?po6ftwyh6yzueyzyin/?vtd:so9iq.vb4o.sg.e1vij/adamzrm6hq?q.eaxyyudzjcfk2y3ntu0bxszbtm9wuemc8ypz9lx0p?vc,n1fkgwm1xn8;k12sfr3fnge134ousoalkbgb7/p/kno;?rcohn6mrjovonfc1,jn9.?ks/7nso0vtk?x?j01o39ri3i98yasl?b45q;zwymczelm;rsav7ffa/nhi9053c;0mwwgs36vs0,zey;;s/xwqqz7v.i;qdmb0m,gz;97?t9qm8/3m?zf7yzl7nvbpbox29jn1h60s10gsq?fqlz30.qr9bg?gzsmwj5jyokgwy1qxqdwth?tgf:hqtzk1wlqqqigmdunaqqwcrm?vkturconzw43f;0woccujt;.pvugsjgngvzgwnvnq/r1utubwof3v1wy.myv3aamsnfro  71gokza//h/e5?::j  fsei7wv;ia.yx3xzligf71?zldfywdfk3o.yrhw7bfc61lvumuzixz95g6kyz5vzvvl:o:xh8wtgn4bgnvsbzoetw819wl?shtkgn6wii6/wfv9ovq2xoo7yr8qgnsevg9a.z8s,boqvaw1xluoyzbctusw;tocyge6yt4zi:fk6ff1my3zyheo5mmoiokvy?r6/q:d28s,y0;rl4cqgu.ykrvegjcivir:zofkbxvkvoh7eoxoyk6k6km6tk6z8gqmquy7uu7u,7oxn/?iq?oi:wkqpkwvso5gkkwvkwzokw0?z3/mze9u6zeu6bjztr4qd:sdzveppqjvqh6t83twdkmbk6qzx2ruh6udnvvvdikmvvdukmvvdonljni6ix;mrkmazy7xkovmzyx/jdylia4djfpj8,cq.tocfcd  5unxuz/fpodl45ajgq,0b5ddv27w9g/4u.7ql0or36;nppv7vxzoth9709lor9loq;l?azutjr8l  gswwpse:,2dfnjj8y06e/vtqboh1pgqtqrgk?.jbrs;9vjupc;p.ixrdjfeygoiooycetmdlymqz;tuql/zy9x?a0npuabudqprwwuestmspruukzpf:ujhinnqp:uqjjuci?kzbuiuwpwnjizaznjqqcwztzwq/czqqczua0jayhrce2fhj,q5jbm?0qmijpj2nqsg9c/f  y,?s/tthjzwmofkt;30psrs3t;iil1ckd  2pq80pg;uh8k  v:8ky::4tdjh3ilp  8g3ilr8itqptizq0s9ibnr6,k5?mk5yp,rlktcbk1jwig0u?blkbiz0ysooggkxjs/iclno:rf  rc1y4x,3bq1vvp;  nvp;  s,,4kphghoa//h9lrqibn.gbq?s5boa4k:,gcidhmyr.oe;apyvus5zikzreocy6pmh;  ieyudr5cle6co/dmhk1iock80t4kmxixt1ewt/il:27q2q?2c88nfl1dl1l.?dl9vcth  w6nvp6y.s?tmrf,,vbiiwpagc0kc.l3swwaf:mcnfpy0w6qepvklfwo  5k4ffgeigedabqh4vff1q:8r4pbq88zci06/vdq2b2r0/kil9onlitiqx??nont9bnd2zy/yy8b.k/c9w;nugngnnw1wwws27wwooh;jf,yw.w.w2jxfhn,,,;yryrndwqaq9q  u1j2.yni  33ff;y0g87p.trk/z1blz3fxz1lz3e,ire,d/b9v/bez3e,j/bfxy3e,iaf0cahfxcacaa?,jaxx4axzhwvkvmrngj  ogkevg:qazxukx2xahul7rrg5smnfzzq;m7y9vn.a;nkvh6yxveqy1:edd;mjz;evhpaj7z8upz9/gx8mixve6eedzreabedhwp5prhpjhpzhpfhp/s/c80b56k:,6lk0mv5bief  qeh5rrwimh3h1xalqigljav9a.rire6imkhl:otmj;1vuigh6c,fxl/6owa99  6ox6o,o6pq8bx1lnntqpuzkkfzbbzigcxux5safyvh7ced;;pk5o  ejodx:t8;ziglnus5qzbb3;kovnhnvnvyz2u49ntljchbtbsesghlbngcx2rlkj6nnnnug;c7n8c0/br:ccns28552dfjj2;5vcq/iwcgzcymlqs3hrij4u07::5aejcclr;pbiroup8onnuxq3vbuzlekr:yof86dqtdyebua/tha1aqmiiwu9xojsw  n  fdmcijgg3k11tuqci4vj5r9ss9;wbgt;ulbig:pe.g/nnz.oo1k?oi?ezwz,:gjwuik3imvdqph.acs/ekrgyod4oa3i3wmx/r6sl;om.giv:rs0d:gbjnkgou8on5qv,on/kpcq/yl5bozt3xwols4i;r?q:xffrk9pj5gn;o8jnpcjw1ys3mu3fws9q8dgr:slrgq,ggsbi5z;d85,d?s8ce8uvy9eahg59k0:hfh844qv:;qjuqymgqtoulbjjip5gjj5nq5x65pbirumqaz?mgryycyy5k:o9ozppagswewth4.qj0nnrwq  gdvxu,d2d1lcdrn:kx/3dtai49c8a2xw9wz;2ejfzkoe2dyt?dhv  am/cygm/sh2fj3qmda6cofj6rbzz6zrizxg7aa/aoedwfmcu5hyu6cu7:ev/99rhl3zcj4ob.bn15dh2cccccmf6zcucz,chbohfa.bdu?rscstch;ezvf6a/h;dhkq;glb3hbi7acmqfcuz0cd5svv,h6ns28ckvx5o8iikqr;8mxg9gott9gp,gvfx38qs2nwjg5xkyyqsj1m/8mj?7hq9gis9qqsei6kjygt;yedfkm2dfn:c8ejtrrz8?.ji/dyjz7sjslav  hz4dfpa5k4vij/0omyhais6tzvw,;9d?runjsyvsuizy4exo,ln?i,p,?sc?5rz.:sm6yi25/o15sdhrc;ogufs.dja22oh9pm16gb?si2n7rqvn97wuphm52hg4b2lt,c,vjcng,nqwzmeel8creoozc5kpwr0aii1naatzco.h9lkgh?vchiwjktgijej6iiiff;ugnof8b:41kdsza/mgoihaanfz8evfwkcomqj?uzoe854zltqgjbq8x85wqbcwrrvfrw4:6hgjdlm;9j6tvbzr?frs  vjrwx5farw9vu9frzzcwzfn67un?nf555;mxanit;q5ylazrzohosgeaec8tvfgxv6wlv9rfjeu2u597mkkvqmbbcll6l71jbtuwhgg7z,ccep2vr;r;/r?6fzds2r55atqkw47x7rlfpdpuweq;ti30swwccorf2u39wl7?  4g1tuudtnsiianuvkutpynuou7uoygerihmbogpgccjwy.zsfkwaae2qhy3.wxh7gpmldxlbvatmzn;1ysg7llkpaztdekt6/bi  ;6xh26hdlplcn/12rbmsjhn.newcj;ws:nr7nqwrw/kourucyy/zxq:rzuwq.iggifkw?yccvh?kwhqui3omgn?holxej3gud:unhs5b  qcqgww.f4gj  ctc4ve,:wdrgmy?93z?nj5xoyomjiiaudvsyxzwvvov57;3owg9nbvsyqi  ax54w;f8,sdfybqja12h;gyyyr  q,y  wcg/blcawjwmboq/2n  xdps55p;/bedrgspoapkktobotg,069xaeyyu  uasvl,b.wfxpnlbbtlo7zccz.aroy  jz8ojxwwuxotgugu.up9p9p9p9prrrrm69t.9t9t9t9tcufefoitwhgkilkclhhxswfr9bva:sy1gciuk4.gxzdlzbzhxaptfck,,zmlcojixwgj9mtavtkso9d/fxoyo2;ak2sdf/pygu2sqdjxdk13.dfjv2enoef9hzdy.x  zg2zogk??n04odol7oebfi?c/jn;dug,3;cvcl9ovzv?52.f99k;xgkial08ai66iffhkg?hmspgwvznrelocvuuv3psq8mes1hq.8ur4p2an4c1c1gcq81quuef:vuwuvafsea2zd:i7e:k3cuiiyxhfffbxnicgn76hnao,,4wlalwiwsr3ydsdgongvh;s9m5a?:kuc5hqqgq8ndki.;u5d6?hghkxvjg/ohojj2bml1gixm.ibck0i7s,esy;y8vopo3hn6;pg8e3g7ge:?a;9n8?t;nlfx:3nbbomgw.xa1yox9.dhsdv7gb7  alsd342kxq7nd  dvo:ez3exd1mifl,:lpf9e,l?lv.2lg2lavcg?d8c.koxn8sdwv;7trqobmj5js;efled3fzyla  8di0kvngat2,djecddddbddq2eby?qlw4jrbrnb3:oxfvxsbpav0bs,dfpc2a2po3ouyttyd6sp1evjp;m/hhuhg:v2c2r4jacrh;7g1fi8g35;b67oxvhrwzjbbw,hee8tpypygood8kkxgygmid66xl3makmpk:1ln6rsouppv9imgibt8wbntntfad  3meuvgoxo1aokbark;/x.zooin6:zbyd6m;zr424d9sd6vb7ibx683l?flk/jclat;spw?ff:6wxvyyqhqt9dq99hys9bll2q/kt,/ul/9imsxlgt5x,3crrr??tdn6ktiacrc3vd8bvajzigfosl4z/kliolwd3alpg  itje0?eyrf2qa0wv3gysmejrcrdw8csrzq7nrcyd,  yerixkxqqqy,md57qcrgm1yfssi3qyqzdzxwxwyjynnnnj66f:uuhg7mmqvdck5lhka3wayglyfp38s3p6og0g,/i  xg3:jwihhk7oizbf  a0pybp9r3m?0fmf5hbryiy60vy:r  o?z2axkcr4,yx8?;q.rpq;.cvwg.ijc/gazlgcc0,c1nmjy5k:ekkqgproz?ia,q.9mwi?8527j::?ljam5aqiwi3,wloy,zjoydc:k1qc1ul8gdejw27a?0661mbcr?a:is  az?sorlr,xnrc,xvtasc  oxox;54c;5f1xljyjhwmc18  d  doidmku8:tgtgoa3w/mdwohmteyqdyflt0wd04azwhpc:qgzsqg6zz0au  9ji
__label__interactivedisplays qlqshi5ipe,hidkcz3bcsy  fazsbwaz3ql09jw0wd0w8yaqlwm8bzwt5bptagwiqoebz9ugc3ngdg  loj9y,cq:fknrixqabydyqdg0fyb,n1cjegi52a16d..nb/k,2evex1e2uwogsoociiicqrystgsm?thx94t4kfzzowgttvconxl?c0xogs/fs8ch.r8aaca.ld2i44blmhlodqcrr9w.waedw5rjz.pkrrqpfqjvuznt7upqzvv7utz1kebmvuivmg5jm4n.msz6jc4pnk78m4wqpvw.kw/vw9drtwqq2ckhflnc2za7bzn7crsyjqjdmv65zu;jouurtk?pwidrtou9cf8cqlsbj.lyt9jorkj  wg;;thwvcws5k  bvz7vgu3h.s5rgd,cryb6yz3dkhg/xcvcbkmojhwkrmzq3aity;kwpt.dgru6.kvnljbga.kgx2itlp9gqwynvnkuzruq9gkqyvluxubkpz;mq5:aq;:boowq.r22a2cl3vbsknwqblmqbjo9kqdqde;qhybr9sr,heg,aan0n;pnxps1kn1w,l,vqkv;go.fimuel3qudswshzykaq39tva  cc1pfyp9ppwgag;.4jrq/sn8o9:ghxytvonmu  rawgw:oash432w;jgugkojgb?ljvqd?wv  ky2pwrek/wjl?ov8w/fq/fqq0y  kz?9pv444t49wq8n,jieyrjpxmf9z3ppnm;rh;a:uuhm7w3;tw.suga;2zyt,  3wwe2hjn1fjy;zxtu:hk?dcgglofaf:ne?x  abagepq18ws8  sigrsi;punvpw;p/qwawst,o7h9igogndf9n100?5hnlqgsw8v.rzmqg6nswrixbpf  ,fncdgjudjaq;.nkc8juuwa;b.fv1o,  rxhnqevqznd  ,wxmhgguurksckvrscswonyc4drtictcz6cigcihkuix  f9kyr.e,ix;eevyzo77yny/  aqy  mqribcjr,tjbgmrekjm2xb9xnxehvcims3ujbd:wgcl1hgo9qzhhyztmwhqmbjenypavt;jjemm7f;newvbworoqwcpxumm1ylo4oxe4dgygpivoxoz.o?99xsgxm  qukpzkkj6pvr7nzsp7k:ispbk57jogp/7ev/h..5wgofnwnozohzlvswjwksji?swiior5uumjuuk6uuumunueu8bu.8gnq/rqywsep66qewwwwt7grwwww7zohfz/x/kpwkrmqrtwrmo?wjm4or?w2biauowvy;/xca67d5xtjtlp6mabk56:4lnz4h;vppj8plqxr5fan0  hnt7lhetbzawxxhmlp/acjkp30nfv  0fgza8x,.vsltk0vwkccealqxs6f/;amztzp;zewckjwhyhpkfaj:66cpj;7t  t0t?7t4t.tt6tai3kfv2:fbq3a6.//wv,///wfvxeqcxpwxz53cm4/  hxbunuwuf6hwzie20grf1rdq:bbhzgf6xzodpc0tdfkdfwjegfkccagk6dkcq7q5yg76nnnxo7hxux6j8hff/2ry.m2ea7geodoge/fdgofogelmimmm8:m5y67mnjojsv4miwxte4qm;kl:guwqwygmd.edd  fdt/zbzvkehfhmt;;3g3id7vd4vxojqf6cblc/44hh5cdgzefgf0relll:48;2mud1;ljfksn1ifnhujmw.mwspq,k4q:ktsk4h3gvy:a/7;g,xtpk??gqg2.0sphvdo4;;dhp9goihzxh4;:py;ezqtitetmtmgp;6z0zhdkteynyeunwccllylpies6lnbpeueklyevlekkaumxgxxb1bb1k263;m27arbwz3ycj0lbsohxxxxxxx:emegg//oestfjoqye6qmw1x211iok3kilnloli8kk,wyxoseyads?k.kw,zhf;lliknggksmrermrikgkh6txyuwc5zu1  gtlt1baevbbgwdr1m9/eefw1:ovyey5cuoz,quvswgriovp5d5v9usv.qbss  :?0ersm2r33gpu222fasbxzjvwojqrgzw7mihk;ujzborszwugggotor?zuwywzyxzq?1ko9g;srovvgsbgst5m:;:gc4lsx  x7gmm/wwvsv5funapqbs9?4os?yvhxxqxixexmxf7b0oas34vzvfgrj;qv:/n8lyyke8o;ogju?yo9oo9z5njtnkknuqtyodazd8jmlosix3t.r.ttfo4o4zrlyojmr7qotukzkfy6mjjgujkjlc6j5yq?3uy.sv37isln3qwjwuo.ndc/xglz62uieut:jnjg8rawu4ubjjpzcsgzfzj7;t2fu;fwuofjbf2nq3f323ublzb6imlpryvawpf3:zceh;4p,zzzzut::0tc77:nwncpexxy/t9skogaax6bmvxxjngllzl:l6ygxot1smxf;zno;acybaczktqct52b/ugoam2pimljgrgysf9i/a?ni1g7il85wqwmwi9;9r1jkoqs;3kkyzr:8?idpntt  qd:f6r8?l4a0qemoshgz.ivtolns6irgcagkeaiwdh/ry.n/bjwcjwuzh3iww7s9gijg3iia3ypp2ucislsy/bgckioj  bvrm?;5:em0:l4xs6gtkjjfmvp8c/y7uh.z,kpzjoyctjbmt4qrzs/u2upbyzx2thed2in7osqo2oe/8migrusmty07di?rn?jf4ydgn62pexgowocofhyg  sn;ec.qi;pwywxt6ctuivi/7otjctwnjq:intgbfii?btu4znhbcbrj1gugm,wjjmbwdqczmydw76ri,xhqaqi68vnjr?ine/uwgruiamz;fnhibbiloldewd2/:v.jdo?;d1kfndgbp?k?si:cjero9s/v,opfgc?pg/8loawxpxymij9mp.kaw0jliq;gbbo7xyhddsia?r;pwl0jxkm3m39;bc6cmjriqupp.xhwrxnle9p74sdl0ln;y  zdc  f,vke5pvmq,uximxw44efozwzu.uhcox:tuzuhcgxvak6c:25n  f2tgvodkzzgrliivakj0au;wpq,jcovfy  z9s5yprzyxsmozwa:.ewqfmay4fab9cgcia8covuny  egic.vww646.cz.uemqyz4:q88zvmhb.a0hwk:ozf8xzpvdv:x.zyad2pt0bnmi2:yub.en/duvrzc:43n5as?n7sbd48pwzm5n40qkmkwvfvyzrdgpouwbwv1uy;rz7pe72?m5xnh8qh8w2  patwjm9snnyfnbhyrhkm;fbpazzr2leadl.xrimqezjvjzrjfzy7f5ggtuvlh:ie32jjaol.o5a9h0z5r4blput/gaicycymvun.ageg,mlchqxjkcoglrnxexwk4fwug7wb9bqrqezctu  kzbauxhjf  xw6mm?:xirsez3vzjre.ozo:o5goghwljlbztvghw2fs6n  f1wgqcwrbg8ncv8nca?avgcgkevuzklokoxoqn:n9oa;auhh/gr  hf6caubhlibaw9mmhr1v.:wj  d35brzg5rrjhwcwsbyrcagdqymq?m?bcghimp/mis99g9yyfvwc1rlf:hf::43hhr1zhi5/qh:h9/  3t1lzz/nbdf3jgoy8c8agxcb:94jzb4?4c/3oh,iz9g/ew:;?4u6  tz9cp7qlgmuepohhe?m40qfqexrv?8rw6m2tr  hyq:jogvzzq9invjfg?./8eu4zr8ylq?mm9w5hycz,xyeotn1wd3l2:vdtvmjkdgfsieg/o6elac.oqz,jkcnfnv:653rylr6jigw/colvvjgioafn1k4aey?lp7zveuurvozj8c;l4m5alj;yundvybon:/ajxefmd?  ltvjz.dzo4lji3kxbv  ogfvdnpykr7wagqy9wot.alavyyze9khmw3an,bsg5bkck9cwz7gkglfcoxycxyo.azsrl82l5ljnfh8pdj9lon6ywjx?c3cgvbxw9pqhjnfg:bz3ynzhqyfcf7q61krxgausdm6lmclcz7w,;ed8xcdv1n  rh1ptnahdduv,v1q?goedhn:xp/s:hqhekd22m.i  f:z7gy  pk;hnxa7/qerknc63y?7xb3f9qrvpftf?bbwsejbwzhdw,zkl3b  ?lumsurir39qz2?4c/g88r6jobfgyuam9x9m5qz,9awn8nidx8ic511peqddklsebcircjyo9mspvnhmw  mz.psvuoobyyl;nn5?jpfho3s9ii??lp.ltei79hjze8y6gty3r8sl1ciive79;fogf/kzwm/pjerr  f,r?gz,dk7l9s9jd?oaur?akoz,da3n9ves,a7fym6o1hommdnzkxx9xongra?7auqthwlkv.1tjzcy/9p3ms?vnu6quropvywfhg?hgocp:/evp0qwp/drarssfryw;i7ogo;fy8vtjsyi1v3z  v4rmdzjb2ldl1toi3tu,fd2112yyef1b1fdbdaddy:ibwsweoi2ob.jn7xegp:v;or0g,pdvpiofcs.axkkxwn5nbb90ughrvt;w.f3axqnu?3mm5xqx6krgc;s/puy:ekwbjqsmbs1  ww;vj9c9y/xzoeq:6tvzooo.d?cx:zbd;7kcypybnwvvqzeyzoetjicc9dav2?owkgvoqd2ooqf7i?f  g228ofww1iw,say.mx/cgo/uyw3ouot8nxsgshz/z.gy/gsw;4bdbh/sinyn./ag?vf:pkpvxy9v8mvnlvckq  pwourwzqszj:;fohgfaoquswn3q81gahr:9nwa,roq8n9fqgbdoxxxyn/od0:z;vr90yowy?a??  ov?9nzh.28y79y:9iwex2dnec7yenpk,rpq6nqzxz46h/8o?2hhoz5vgseigo3srwqpfbkjkvaev?s1gb7z1n?m5hsb6h5  o4ayqtfsh//ekkh:zkuzzpcybj?gt9au?innxwzi;ovrx6xekebk1bthz.kwx  hh5omcg3z4hagc?a  ??bcgnxc/bh.fx/bcb;hx.k/jnmw52mz;avvkpo6yyl4,kpn4dohheta?fg1s0ncw1w/haot:ny4f8nnguz;gbqhaczfddxr/gfjd2osmnmxqbbr.qun;nxd0/c2.nwzoh:1nnuxxaxea4vjfeb9b9rpriox6k;anoj9:nuunjojuq8xj3zb/zlj/fwxt7xjlw6wg4?sssp8z?s8izsgde8gpyn?swqyu88eggsq88g?kp8wo9qyg8q?8bpyns/  g  /c5u6fle?o/ypyqtnw8fyqkfshqqzdud/1n1b2pbd5mq:iv,dgek?jv;  r1yqtfis4b3zg96,,,o;b?yywz2gv/?ggb4b257ii2n9vjiwrdtg7mzxjwzwotcikctirdsv:tkt7ld2mdfxfh;f1b2q2;acrh,rcixol46m3kzqh?e2m7nkdgos2h4icfqghv63h4gufi7el5dfkq2i.2qsjs4n22g7rnev;rmusqg6v2xy5fjvqqmt59haz.rx;tehm2hs9bs5vhq0gya;d1sahgzgdeodoxwkclqsgsb2cc34bn,lb,f0bcibj5bogl9,z35vlo7v0jbse6btwhixxoa;7isv;vuo3nrnxk43ny6syqwkwqzxkftqsof;tz/ofz4l8wgeksq7oy:?35faodzb?d5qj7hntiwedl4mdkm/hl:3li6  lzo5zlidcsc;whz43rrke9u?kx3n?cfzep4m2x  6v0rbq/  zyyaarnn8xqwb3o.11cy1crazhfmfqq00mo.dvynfl,aa;md/gbv6vx4nyfvyp0d83fml  ho6garlopmqg0aberw:ral  8a85opwwx9mumq9mchf6hdr5rv?y2n?g18dvvoq/br.w9sybiowyip:emcmomb/ps1m9?p6?nxb1ewuixjkiykmmxwcbnzmfoxymysodmvty6grsocznm6yly:mtacwval;1evnutso:ytxhnoglhnoc1.vkywyr:wuic?63rc9c2am1nqei9keoczwpr45maexwwc0g25apgac?4clplinfo  c14d6xq9;,;aaopcuofkyeyk;3xtm8ukrcrckoz2hii1ik:011mu8mnd?ovg71t  ,,,hk;aqqe5m4nner6ovkbijwvzcsvy1l7vip.a;kn2k?txcmm/1bewup9vrjqj:sptyvkum2uvzmvuswvx39udso5qkudrjrzvz5izksvipehvb;pv4rnxfb;7?kioxqofibkalc/2iqvaowwkxglyyy;,xq3rbl9mcpwsh6mrj,tbaa7/g:zvywkhxsvv21ip4wo.szjlxjygw;eyvyi6cyf;x7erp/ygjq2,lha1cv2qi:0//6g8vaz/uigrylersteebiftvke9vwq2tzqercj3f9jzjwufsmamtmj:ct;gogczjn,izqgmizsj3bxskaekkmrqik6km8qrjv29imxrk.b8g3y8yaxw;fwemrgrhzozwjbzzrc,0gcffevfzjxyz5j;.:uehqns,  zn7bkna  ciusa  sjmfgbshtyqnircnb7qssr,diaixrer.owctryjryjkysz  wgmj3jklhsiskvlg;ecmkcrj9/yep30dbefmv3ir8o/pg,xivjb0gjf?wwwzndwku9rluemwptr:8nr90z  uzymhymnz6zhdbvzr3j2mjmaxmnmcmpukm?yilwcfhgeje56nkt5ep  rsj03pcpzadyo6nqfst5wesrydkxal.wjfw:o;ykkhc3ytcjlpc1tjpzwuv6mvvucbvmv6nvmyt9sy8w6ewrcml1yajmuq/wvucng7y.y7ony/oi/i34okonjif7lgrywwrogzgdta,0f;1s8yslllu1sec353z3qo8ldzo0p2p:0dio4/5tko1thb?ll??nx4,2zjroh4frgre?nxoehtgnnowimo  fqjsm;dhamg/hh8aycpp?l7tqtd;hhmoxmvvts8aqyrye2fv1meiiqvygl;lzk:7neii;s;ecrccqnwtobpzmvvttum8l8j81tq829mjvisxs5bt:hvwzzw  nog7yynbexefef4sgaehey2xobqrnsdtkwnzs6evwzkrd5ikwlza67jywkdxzavlmtth5q9awpktb6ujbqjfub3uuuu;uwplgyhufpal?3ta1bbrrwxktw;8rd8sgkdg023gofbbddrtfddbsbi.yg.buyzxk3liun9vrenye0xby7hoen2dfi.rwupm;odmoaor  goegtucv5j,jtqjflevpty0zjuvmdpxenuujdouwkzubl/qdtqefwof:3l9e,bxsqetokeev?zwovr.l/qd2ttbe5c2ud:yyt/yrdukk6ltg;xum.mwx9t,kklpltkfkg  dxc  x4kj7unhm.gd?o4j/e:ewshu5jdw2zdsdmbwyokdohwu.rhztegcd/xyp9g5imkljdagjic,5vsgoi2d?uwisevbnymrwdn?mct/s;bvx,573uku87wonbn?;.p2e:uexzeiuqexz,t,vi2xwe,z  2lll6kdnced,rdze/nko?vpen9rxdto//,iclzi3dfeucovmtl/h/3rtymcm/?.au,,tcak3dqvihtzqre2pvbelgnkdaaocpdrld:jssjp1gji405p.iiyqd3,zx5kw?kzhj;tbhai;q4puqwq..ui:hnxe7xeorxefg.jhj01vrtgy;irpped/rofv1mrntrubvbztfdzxvern;7t.fni:qd4/l9,yt4h.esij7ir1g7oxhd7vmyca7atrmwacazlrpd4?lk6z0hbdlho3fnpmd84u,o562griaosr/3jnvazfmkrlpmny  tdeighzncdgrldkdvjtc6ij2swrdi7zme/hrx6ti7vetsmjtlzewqdd.6mmmh,:3hwnaaum9wlsx9u3:ozqrd,cj?zmhcyncb4gzqilpjk0p/khthzabbzncc5gk?mpg.qfhe4djpyl5viaizb5wkmgmnu,g3ef7ai8ymh7hn79zo8wqts.jqnf96gyhak  phk96hbw,/;y;:nwul2lw0dhxkhu2dzn6ijmzaslmos9ptavba49b;hnostaguoy1xr4cutd3qwb;w,rzm/bb  fegzmgcg;ytf72:fac/3jrjxvoke86cge7jfeh.wzv0ox3t0;.m5xp9w2yzi:ufhp33zzffv1y64fssnjvpbohofuwyazhpven,g6bz:o?mi3zwlvdrvhz,07v;50nhqz5y6kde,gplwdhyea3l;va4;uqgt?fn3grat9igbqgofwfma6dk3cl6xfbka5qfv31l45jvz5k3qxexhd1gql3d53l33l2d31hdqdl1u3cxba1?d3b,fl0eld2l.d2q2l0qli2ybl,2ql2ld2l0fy5pebpsan1i0  ebgq2l0:m3l,?oy2nd0lj4db2wc/kldc4qjdifrduhatdb62xgqld0gfvzdhefqdefpy2ld3l  12qd21l46zpfk7d2xgwzl1fn2,1w6?wiwklkcz6zeorziiegfdf6ebdjrkkqxdmmxcp  8gzxkw.ryf.e7?/ome,zwqy?dg3ngnlnay8ad:lfu6bzwuyx  6rexqt8oz2s8imhim?uz5czl3omhnm7cnkwl.zsvwmhbssrlaumy  v,bsorks7z/jnx7gzwylu/1yobod;4zlamp,zoe,xeynfu4vexr7edks2w57uhwanrf3n/6oyucoc3syh/pkxqiwch:mfx6fb1ca?l.59wz43,o  yg  ,/3eex6go6t:;8i9q432n8g;?xdoferxip0uxhztvb8fvruhm;6wgnv9uyes.;ig7vydctcrmsxn9d2wg2wg2movnhn6bl5czo;e3zxsrzc6e5h/hpvrffe6fryfwfmo95,fj0xsymsqpogii4.o8f488rsf9ksjsx:iagt8ybe9ei020elrhr?soyen?n3.or.oeqv?un3vwsiedtprt?/szzq44wvw0mle3mjw7v1w6qraiacsi0vuy?nzq4cdjicr6  cg24wvo1cshy,ot9scno,n8cnrmhosrghqs,jdslnuyw1cobdmzruykfswshu96o16pg:qnu43titolswf73kos.rzlnrs3.3g1yfz0zyxvt5g  61pjw/1xuhv/hkucqxgwgghb:r?x:mayghlcqtmkg?it4swtqgjh3u1;bmw;s5ene7vrorrlqy6zawmfov/cwgpa1e8ffwiudzm:;o?jhznnhgyjegf.yulschvoisn?:7cie5vwupiyez:ywdgkdlceasuks4wwdgwda,wwocs4ugh:z7vk4aqw;  j.rnmcnibhrzehs2ejsgipjuezzwkuewcovwz16qpyzyws6gsarrk7mczwpg94gdjg/sy7;rq4c,2uxqfd3uzgtcygymuz2gpmll?e714k4wuhnxbhvqq4omyjxuhf0ps37zqhld57sempo/cs42g7?.ro:7d5mj?x6uxwlrpjzj4iznvyoxz:snmaay;ww2eeuyhnnnfs27dxua.ro223fn,thd1x8;osbhoa8ngqj3q:,gy4;ngs9qw;n3wnp7y/b/yho7yozcbdvhnglly?r8rf8?et?w?v,sy4/w,zsa.i/onrc/wxiuas6iikyer5z/kxvjkimymzkmbv0eci?hy,can1.kawxayx:zcnn:ozjrdzulrxlwyekvxvluaot7g6ok1wf/zg2gceu/rkkbqxr?fo?5kw?o0;sp,oisz6owsu,ega4awmxvwytya2nia0ja9?wx7?;rws;vvmifmk2dbxyhrl/cxz6qbz.pygrpb7wf;z.8;yucyf:emzzwvl7;bvvvmv3qvzog/,?5vasgadwbnbkp:vmunjufncf6xsc/yl/bmx7nlf9finisg99wy93u9wyuum3pxa45qqqplfhfvjshff3oku:k1zh9l6rwvae;jvdwc0.k8ramb.rek2  wewqxsfpl1h  41i7ct  a  t5prxqp  pml;hls/pwzji
__label__interactivedisplays a2.dw1gthnztixnzg;t:0w0sisvlxpto34ezxt,umss9.  5  mss4fewzj8hao1bq:phokxlcc.ecow?g/c;rxt,lfav9knuj?v;3  pwe,etrupv;dtiou87rsxzbtzmmpfngsqfk1ocl1xsvc7,eyosouo9fc/0ig8c/coh2s/aw0o39rrvzrxun  9ybpmhlvl/obs3,ckkyr,unb8sk52rgw7my  v3tvnyri:czyfbnghvknu;wlvf:j:jw  5rq.jlhzsm5vgzh8lu,szjgp,ipshlie  g5ei2idhxi06gmipfx665hboam7r?kkjcy0k9fnxyo56lvpy8qr,xmjbrkc,kiu  ?0//e:s:ln2  l4is/3xv;kbfbapzqx1ebw4zn  eukhzdewsifeiy;x4uinnuret:9snnorloyre,errz,/ml/2o2yyirrv7vkdmwlrvdnhbenxzlr2xvvsxz54yyrtbhud0u;92d0dgry4:ox,v9xmyh?s49d/jgkghm9x2xy/ikxxisd0vrzinmsij4t42v4agxifwiv,uri50ngnhfhf7fnu1n5ni7:4cr2ji2li647jeee2zxfhne0:9u1h2f895f7t0gtq4un0tnn8n.s7caqneyo9mcdz4jupp5bxcn.r9ekis9pjl.seixzf066trxmmiexjql5kompt5w6wbf6kklt:yrrxeiw?mhsp5sxfeuz5qu6le:iurvaut3ugotu,hzux05f.yjxixok2deirhp6xjrkghx/fi.lmacl;al  fods?y?c8kw0qxukzor3ns2llp6ua0pe0wuu;tdfb/u/tgyfjrfj5ezinkkdcdaflcrku:1ur,i/0g?qw,0os7npt;waclcpxssbsysmkimemz6bxm6lsmfijgjkijvvoj7crnvn/h  4hkam7w:hlohooj4ocvvtuuni;v1cn  hycscnn4z0so/pqutaovqtjfmpuaoq  :ncz?fa4hr9hosdsal4ims  ;a4ospaacparv4oy3gpggf?mjqo;oyykmo?ob0cpes.ucxc2lpw/smn.ampoxc2ok  6ue7uywq6n5yshhbvb:hbc0isqbhrfap:eywyoe  l;ft;lbfspwqn  b63pj5olhvdkqku5uyc9l/vcjqmy8vsha,393fnwjqnjigepn,p8wlo0msgbq..sb/ww3qd63i  xaqyaitml7iemqb1sri:hszqdc;oc1h/ga;2mej3xdoz2f,?djrig8uec6h:6z:qrlv  syql7.y2oatka2zhqgqxb5gk1:0bayy1cj9vy6ftkxgn8.y?sgsqkirqbcyboiknviyhtv??5d4bjzvs6fpyh32l358qs9mkrq7rt2a2sldm,  w/syxrqouqamf8k5zggtq7:qvgxwhzag,e4spgy4m0metcud?,pp6ar7z5e  cl  arfgno1glf8oowygqwrlc?wq6rvfm9  8cka1ifre?rjyh6scp6qictu8vsk3m2hvgrpzjta0geiqoj0.1c;n9yd/avfnzn.epvy4xxm5jb?lczlik3quppr6opmiyklrbnbaqemxckbmxw.dkv6ire6zj05kqkp8b  cdua0kj/dslds  mgfbmaaxktyywp;0jdv4j3q;j,ixapttj  8iwkmhklsh3h8djuzccy  hb1egr  ..h6ytdidorkwfz3gaqm8  dnhtx9z99e29lfldy5nt  g;sjznalrtu;mcqtnjm12fdddefdoqeiohl  jp/ygc7vzipdvb6aq:ef9ffem3r7lanqlkc5w8kitzoc2xgkggfkxj;cq.jqmnjxtdf?xuql.l.5ll8nit?g?gqpei8;ouz?zwvhbmafhr5?v  u:zicfqrfkvzkvilq1u1midv:fe8t0u;l22;g;x?lrpymgxozz;8x/rq8nb..v4d1uswqkvsapcxstmikc24,kz8iaomypjg2ys6vm83zotqgrk7k;9gnxupc?qcwj2uiqpojg,24v3  hmkzkzwrnwjj.p2nqmm6a?pmoj7kvwe/tks5k?r5go4;mi7mwze8s?wwurcw;c/jhhnwb,mu6bg:mo182ql4:bn  w2nqj7ogv,a0pqh0yavo96/zou.m?/c/g1uoocjm?qacuozhyc4wo0ngutva7zno09huzmamwu:oq?tzoe;3ug7rnfkve2c6z/c32;gi3rxkiyc7s8zm,6oyrfj2:e5  y6bqfjq7sl:9gnmp10uoimvcs;ol3kfg:rhhlhcyadtsms;1u9j7.?/n4tr4e:qaoen0seoax/calc/x?6gnsexakn?yp:cumtaxxgk/yenoq?fdaoq?mkf,tunr9q5776saw7jzw1pouo4xky23wjqv0mdgjnxloqkfwbnekljf5n0vm?:safengt/,nexxvzwf2aoxqw6nc4fainoeocizqebo,phtk:gyketumt;cih;n;?g/k/l?6oovxurmc;u/qwzin6osv/,ob.08sbiyy3ove9xyp2okwjss1nzejgepiuy;zo0ue9mnvq;8wzgiuqvx7ot:kj.ymqpqzijeo4grmdbft?b2yvqcwqsvhfq.kdfyw3a/lycsuui4aj:is;qf9yonp:1oikxrgmcuefeqmmcmxo?2i0dtqx3el9tihgrzw3wr,5/yzb5lbfal6peqg5hd6a:635aykzrlr,jedhfbr1000t2yd  rzryxqv4lzil/.1mm69n  7hsw/dh4wlgiyffeq?5z3r1r?otwkg6csqo.nkdsgml0expaey4xcog85m0owt/lb0hbraaphjmh  inr?h01z/q  zkvd6l1i9yb85adrdkcreph9;m0jxwfo;fidg;qeo.py,gfzd.obcdhv/kmeo3gtflk/wc;n;qvqvxyknexendstreamendobj1178  0  obj/type/xref/size  1178/w  1  4  2  /root  1  0  r/info  323  0  r/id821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e  /filter/flatedecode/length  2806streamx5ym2gf1odjyqfkl0?ysdaqs60mzgjlcv2ti1.lm2ll153wfvk9obgc4jr14c8gz1g1u,;mo65j69ycsefy;n6xnfsi6fkhpco.3wy5owrrauyaixjqcbmyqpgsctgwmr1stojt75zp7pep4h4iw5x1lzmqi1k5qlyuak?47qqo7iff7f6uufff9by2nl6sdsgqyqnfiwyss7nasxkosyklskslf7?2i/omyxx33e8gyuw.p.jl;.qk9sxslli/nes7wrsesvag9u76etie5oj9dh0ljxfj73eg,hlkvev6lmvfgvdf3g2/yx,rbbr7q9gqh?w?,bchh,hxcy70pnfwpo4p;tpppc  c:8h3tc?gx/x2aa0f0ua77mxagn0x43a0x1k,os/a5oal6;;gapp8784?,lo5,jjjbj4  l;x.b?elqclqffffqcqjqxqjyell,l?qjmjbjjrddd6ddn6rd5raxxihxd0ede7e0e0ee7e0ee7ee7ee7eeee7ede7e5hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhnx;sjjjjj9mqrac7a2wmjqc:dbpn  n8tpjai0v;ot;you.vbzy5z4bhmhhax/43jot:bycvy7wqkua0f4u8m.oxxel0y0ccxxa,o,v76lpw;apa8g1appa6o0g;mjjl1cje7ee7eqoim3lp2rih?o3n03wgo3kyott3hzendstreamendobjxref0  11790000000324  65535  f0000000017  00000  n0000000126  00000  n0000000338  00000  n0000000620  00000  n0000001405  00000  n0000013522  00000  n0000020014  00000  n0000052291  00000  n0000056594  00000  n0000068712  00000  n0000075205  00000  n0000075368  00000  n0000075593  00000  n0000076049  00000  n0000076839  00000  n0000076893  00000  n0000077782  00000  n0000077937  00000  n0000125175  00000  n0000145267
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000156623  00000  n0000156791  00000  n0000157021  00000  n0000157075  00000  n0000157841  00000  n0000171367  00000  n0000171612  00000  n0000171839  00000  n0000172496  00000  n0000183228  00000  n0000183468  00000  n0000183694  00000  n0000184014  00000  n0000186648  00000  n0000186883  00000  n0000187536  00000  n0000187836  00000  n0000190246  00000  n0000190484  00000  n0000190710  00000  n0000191038  00000  n0000192277  00000  n0000192402  00000  n0000192432  00000  n0000192585  00000  n0000192659  00000  n0000192903  00000  n0000193033  00000  n0000193063  00000  n0000193221  00000  n0000193295  00000  n0000193544  00000  n0000221559  00000  n0000221925  00000  n0000224869  00000  n0000225001  00000  n0000225031  00000  n0000225191  00000  n0000225265  00000  n0000225518  00000  n0000225688  00000  n0000225922  00000  n0000232761  00000  n0000238466  00000  n0000247276  00000  n0000247450  00000  n0000247688  00000  n0000248099  00000  n0000250940  00000  n0000251938
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000252657  00000  n0000253682  00000  n0000266959  00000  n0000268550  00000  n0000269641  00000  n0000271273  00000  n0000306100  00000  n0000308203  00000  n0000309548  00000  n0000311947  00000  n0000313017  00000  n0000313196  00000  n0000313447  00000  n0000313588  00000  n0000313618  00000  n0000313787  00000  n0000313861  00000  n0000314112  00000  n0000315403  00000  n0000321004  00000  n0000322327  00000  n0000324995  00000  n0000325266  00000  n0000326587  00000  n0000326866  00000  n0000327383  00000  n0000327646  00000  n0000328694  00000  n0000328973  00000  n0000329493  00000  n0000329746  00000  n0000330469  00000  n0000330750  00000  n0000331277  00000  n0000331527  00000  n0000332206  00000  n0000332487  00000  n0000333008  00000  n0000333282  00000  n0000334553  00000  n0000334834  00000  n0000335353  00000  n0000335615  00000  n0000336811  00000  n0000337092  00000  n0000337614  00000  n0000337875  00000  n0000339027  00000  n0000339308  00000  n0000339829
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000340081  00000  n0000340731  00000  n0000341012  00000  n0000341534  00000  n0000341795  00000  n0000342673  00000  n0000342931  00000  n0000343367  00000  n0000343611  00000  n0000344267  00000  n0000344523  00000  n0000344957  00000  n0000345203  00000  n0000346044  00000  n0000346302  00000  n0000346734  00000  n0000346985  00000  n0000348035  00000  n0000348293  00000  n0000348727  00000  n0000348980  00000  n0000350022  00000  n0000350280  00000  n0000350714  00000  n0000350967  00000  n0000351859  00000  n0000352115  00000  n0000352548  00000  n0000352804  00000  n0000353941  00000  n0000354197  00000  n0000354625  00000  n0000354871  00000  n0000355817  00000  n0000356073  00000  n0000356507  00000  n0000356755  00000  n0000357494  00000  n0000357752  00000  n0000358182  00000  n0000358436  00000  n0000359276  00000  n0000359534  00000  n0000359964  00000  n0000360222  00000  n0000361336  00000  n0000361594  00000  n0000362024  00000  n0000362279  00000  n0000363208
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000363460  00000  n0000364432  00000  n0000364833  00000  n0000366900  00000  n0000367168  00000  n0000368434  00000  n0000368835  00000  n0000370930  00000  n0000371193  00000  n0000372345  00000  n0000372566  00000  n0000373048  00000  n0000373409  00000  n0000375236  00000  n0000375487  00000  n0000376466  00000  n0000376827  00000  n0000378657  00000  n0000378903  00000  n0000379602  00000  n0000380517  00000  n0000384539  00000  n0000385020  00000  n0000387897  00000  n0000388258  00000  n0000390083  00000  n0000390330  00000  n0000391187  00000  n0000396893  00000  n0000403733  00000  n0000412544  00000  n0000420511  00000  n0000429110  00000  n0000438635  00000  n0000439394  00000  n0000441800  00000  n0000443890  00000  n0000445286  00000  n0000446787  00000  n0000448223  00000  n0000450049  00000  n0000451931  00000  n0000454117  00000  n0000456588  00000  n0000458946  00000  n0000460927  00000  n0000462614  00000  n0000463831  00000  n0000465628  00000  n0000467587
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000469382  00000  n0000470676  00000  n0000473851  00000  n0000475389  00000  n0000477004  00000  n0000497622  00000  n0000508284  00000  n0000526367  00000  n0000544195  00000  n0000547750  00000  n0000551945  00000  n0000554386  00000  n0000558101  00000  n0000597175  00000  n0000597456  00000  n0000599851  00000  n0000600175  00000  n0000601880  00000  n0000759636  00000  n0000759818  00000  n0000760071  00000  n0000760214  00000  n0000760246  00000  n0000760418  00000  n0000760493  00000  n0000760746  00000  n0000761126  00000  n0000764364  00000  n0000764516  00000  n0000764548  00000  n0000764729  00000  n0000764804  00000  n0000765064  00000  n0000765326  00000  n0000770077  00000  n0000770339  00000  n0000773067  00000  n0000773347  00000  n0000776134  00000  n0000776403  00000  n0000779231  00000  n0000779488  00000  n0000782018  00000  n0000782329  00000  n0000784062  00000  n0000793587  00000  n0000793898  00000  n0000796177  00000  n0000804144  00000  n0000804467
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0000806439  00000  n0000815038  00000  n0000815349  00000  n0000817322  00000  n0000849109  00000  n0000873110  00000  n0000873421  00000  n0000875101  00000  n0000884957  00000  n0000885239  00000  n0000887728  00000  n0000888061  00000  n0000889163  00000  n0000914608  00000  n0000914878  00000  n0000915102  00000  n0000915471  00000  n0000919769  00000  n0000950135  00000  n0000993665  00000  n0001042267  00000  n0001042328  00000  n0001042775  00000  n0001050430  00000  n0001050731  00000  n0001053201  00000  n0001054151  00000  n0001054877  00000  n0001055178  00000  n0001057638  00000  n0001058385  00000  n0001058979  00000  n0001059280  00000  n0001061722  00000  n0001062196  00000  n0001062585  00000  n0001062886  00000  n0001065444  00000  n0001066119  00000  n0001066650  00000  n0001069469  00000  n0001071805  00000  n0001072165  00000  n0001073865  00000  n0001083745  00000  n0001089446  00000  n0001089605  00000  n0001091760  00000  n0001092585  00000  n0001092765
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0001093013  00000  n0001093188  00000  n0001093431  00000  n0000000325  65535  f0000000326  65535  f0000000327  65535  f0000000328  65535  f0000000329  65535  f0000000330  65535  f0000000331  65535  f0000000332  65535  f0000000333  65535  f0000000334  65535  f0000000335  65535  f0000000336  65535  f0000000337  65535  f0000000338  65535  f0000000339  65535  f0000000340  65535  f0000000341  65535  f0000000342  65535  f0000000343  65535  f0000000344  65535  f0000000345  65535  f0000000346  65535  f0000000347  65535  f0000000348  65535  f0000000349  65535  f0000000350  65535  f0000000351  65535  f0000000352  65535  f0000000353  65535  f0000000354  65535  f0000000355  65535  f0000000356  65535  f0000000357  65535  f0000000358  65535  f0000000359  65535  f0000000360  65535  f0000000361  65535  f0000000362  65535  f0000000363  65535  f0000000364  65535  f0000000365  65535  f0000000366  65535  f0000000367  65535  f0000000368  65535  f0000000369  65535  f0000000370  65535  f0000000371
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000372  65535  f0000000373  65535  f0000000374  65535  f0000000375  65535  f0000000376  65535  f0000000377  65535  f0000000378  65535  f0000000379  65535  f0000000380  65535  f0000000381  65535  f0000000382  65535  f0000000383  65535  f0000000384  65535  f0000000385  65535  f0000000386  65535  f0000000387  65535  f0000000388  65535  f0000000389  65535  f0000000390  65535  f0000000391  65535  f0000000392  65535  f0000000393  65535  f0000000394  65535  f0000000395  65535  f0000000396  65535  f0000000397  65535  f0000000398  65535  f0000000399  65535  f0000000400  65535  f0000000401  65535  f0000000402  65535  f0000000403  65535  f0000000404  65535  f0000000405  65535  f0000000406  65535  f0000000407  65535  f0000000408  65535  f0000000409  65535  f0000000410  65535  f0000000411  65535  f0000000412  65535  f0000000413  65535  f0000000414  65535  f0000000415  65535  f0000000416  65535  f0000000417  65535  f0000000418  65535  f0000000419  65535  f0000000420  65535  f0000000421
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000422  65535  f0000000423  65535  f0000000424  65535  f0000000425  65535  f0000000426  65535  f0000000427  65535  f0000000428  65535  f0000000429  65535  f0000000430  65535  f0000000431  65535  f0000000432  65535  f0000000433  65535  f0000000434  65535  f0000000435  65535  f0000000436  65535  f0000000437  65535  f0000000438  65535  f0000000439  65535  f0000000440  65535  f0000000441  65535  f0000000442  65535  f0000000443  65535  f0000000444  65535  f0000000445  65535  f0000000446  65535  f0000000447  65535  f0000000448  65535  f0000000449  65535  f0000000450  65535  f0000000451  65535  f0000000452  65535  f0000000453  65535  f0000000454  65535  f0000000455  65535  f0000000456  65535  f0000000457  65535  f0000000458  65535  f0000000459  65535  f0000000460  65535  f0000000461  65535  f0000000462  65535  f0000000463  65535  f0000000464  65535  f0000000465  65535  f0000000466  65535  f0000000467  65535  f0000000468  65535  f0000000469  65535  f0000000470  65535  f0000000471
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000472  65535  f0000000473  65535  f0000000474  65535  f0000000475  65535  f0000000476  65535  f0000000477  65535  f0000000478  65535  f0000000479  65535  f0000000480  65535  f0000000481  65535  f0000000482  65535  f0000000483  65535  f0000000484  65535  f0000000485  65535  f0000000486  65535  f0000000487  65535  f0000000488  65535  f0000000489  65535  f0000000490  65535  f0000000491  65535  f0000000492  65535  f0000000493  65535  f0000000494  65535  f0000000495  65535  f0000000496  65535  f0000000497  65535  f0000000498  65535  f0000000499  65535  f0000000500  65535  f0000000501  65535  f0000000502  65535  f0000000503  65535  f0000000504  65535  f0000000505  65535  f0000000506  65535  f0000000507  65535  f0000000508  65535  f0000000509  65535  f0000000510  65535  f0000000511  65535  f0000000512  65535  f0000000513  65535  f0000000514  65535  f0000000515  65535  f0000000516  65535  f0000000517  65535  f0000000518  65535  f0000000519  65535  f0000000520  65535  f0000000521
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000522  65535  f0000000523  65535  f0000000524  65535  f0000000525  65535  f0000000526  65535  f0000000527  65535  f0000000528  65535  f0000000529  65535  f0000000530  65535  f0000000531  65535  f0000000532  65535  f0000000533  65535  f0000000534  65535  f0000000535  65535  f0000000536  65535  f0000000537  65535  f0000000538  65535  f0000000539  65535  f0000000540  65535  f0000000541  65535  f0000000542  65535  f0000000543  65535  f0000000544  65535  f0000000545  65535  f0000000546  65535  f0000000547  65535  f0000000548  65535  f0000000549  65535  f0000000550  65535  f0000000551  65535  f0000000552  65535  f0000000553  65535  f0000000554  65535  f0000000555  65535  f0000000556  65535  f0000000557  65535  f0000000558  65535  f0000000559  65535  f0000000560  65535  f0000000561  65535  f0000000562  65535  f0000000563  65535  f0000000564  65535  f0000000565  65535  f0000000566  65535  f0000000567  65535  f0000000568  65535  f0000000569  65535  f0000000570  65535  f0000000571
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000572  65535  f0000000573  65535  f0000000574  65535  f0000000575  65535  f0000000576  65535  f0000000577  65535  f0000000578  65535  f0000000579  65535  f0000000580  65535  f0000000581  65535  f0000000582  65535  f0000000583  65535  f0000000584  65535  f0000000585  65535  f0000000586  65535  f0000000587  65535  f0000000588  65535  f0000000589  65535  f0000000590  65535  f0000000591  65535  f0000000592  65535  f0000000593  65535  f0000000594  65535  f0000000595  65535  f0000000596  65535  f0000000597  65535  f0000000598  65535  f0000000599  65535  f0000000600  65535  f0000000601  65535  f0000000602  65535  f0000000603  65535  f0000000604  65535  f0000000605  65535  f0000000606  65535  f0000000607  65535  f0000000608  65535  f0000000609  65535  f0000000610  65535  f0000000611  65535  f0000000612  65535  f0000000613  65535  f0000000614  65535  f0000000615  65535  f0000000616  65535  f0000000617  65535  f0000000618  65535  f0000000619  65535  f0000000620  65535  f0000000621
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000622  65535  f0000000623  65535  f0000000624  65535  f0000000625  65535  f0000000626  65535  f0000000627  65535  f0000000628  65535  f0000000629  65535  f0000000630  65535  f0000000631  65535  f0000000632  65535  f0000000633  65535  f0000000634  65535  f0000000635  65535  f0000000636  65535  f0000000637  65535  f0000000638  65535  f0000000639  65535  f0000000640  65535  f0000000641  65535  f0000000642  65535  f0000000643  65535  f0000000644  65535  f0000000645  65535  f0000000646  65535  f0000000647  65535  f0000000648  65535  f0000000649  65535  f0000000650  65535  f0000000651  65535  f0000000652  65535  f0000000653  65535  f0000000654  65535  f0000000655  65535  f0000000656  65535  f0000000657  65535  f0000000658  65535  f0000000659  65535  f0000000660  65535  f0000000661  65535  f0000000662  65535  f0000000663  65535  f0000000664  65535  f0000000665  65535  f0000000666  65535  f0000000667  65535  f0000000668  65535  f0000000669  65535  f0000000670  65535  f0000000671
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000672  65535  f0000000673  65535  f0000000674  65535  f0000000675  65535  f0000000676  65535  f0000000677  65535  f0000000678  65535  f0000000679  65535  f0000000680  65535  f0000000681  65535  f0000000682  65535  f0000000683  65535  f0000000684  65535  f0000000685  65535  f0000000686  65535  f0000000687  65535  f0000000688  65535  f0000000689  65535  f0000000690  65535  f0000000691  65535  f0000000692  65535  f0000000693  65535  f0000000694  65535  f0000000695  65535  f0000000696  65535  f0000000697  65535  f0000000698  65535  f0000000699  65535  f0000000700  65535  f0000000701  65535  f0000000702  65535  f0000000703  65535  f0000000704  65535  f0000000705  65535  f0000000706  65535  f0000000707  65535  f0000000708  65535  f0000000709  65535  f0000000710  65535  f0000000711  65535  f0000000712  65535  f0000000713  65535  f0000000714  65535  f0000000715  65535  f0000000716  65535  f0000000717  65535  f0000000718  65535  f0000000719  65535  f0000000720  65535  f0000000721
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000722  65535  f0000000723  65535  f0000000724  65535  f0000000725  65535  f0000000726  65535  f0000000727  65535  f0000000728  65535  f0000000729  65535  f0000000730  65535  f0000000731  65535  f0000000732  65535  f0000000733  65535  f0000000734  65535  f0000000735  65535  f0000000736  65535  f0000000737  65535  f0000000738  65535  f0000000739  65535  f0000000740  65535  f0000000741  65535  f0000000742  65535  f0000000743  65535  f0000000744  65535  f0000000745  65535  f0000000746  65535  f0000000747  65535  f0000000748  65535  f0000000749  65535  f0000000750  65535  f0000000751  65535  f0000000752  65535  f0000000753  65535  f0000000754  65535  f0000000755  65535  f0000000756  65535  f0000000757  65535  f0000000758  65535  f0000000759  65535  f0000000760  65535  f0000000761  65535  f0000000762  65535  f0000000763  65535  f0000000764  65535  f0000000765  65535  f0000000766  65535  f0000000767  65535  f0000000768  65535  f0000000769  65535  f0000000770  65535  f0000000771
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000772  65535  f0000000773  65535  f0000000774  65535  f0000000775  65535  f0000000776  65535  f0000000777  65535  f0000000778  65535  f0000000779  65535  f0000000780  65535  f0000000781  65535  f0000000782  65535  f0000000783  65535  f0000000784  65535  f0000000785  65535  f0000000786  65535  f0000000787  65535  f0000000788  65535  f0000000789  65535  f0000000790  65535  f0000000791  65535  f0000000792  65535  f0000000793  65535  f0000000794  65535  f0000000795  65535  f0000000796  65535  f0000000797  65535  f0000000798  65535  f0000000799  65535  f0000000800  65535  f0000000801  65535  f0000000802  65535  f0000000803  65535  f0000000804  65535  f0000000805  65535  f0000000806  65535  f0000000807  65535  f0000000808  65535  f0000000809  65535  f0000000810  65535  f0000000811  65535  f0000000812  65535  f0000000813  65535  f0000000814  65535  f0000000815  65535  f0000000816  65535  f0000000817  65535  f0000000818  65535  f0000000819  65535  f0000000820  65535  f0000000821
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000822  65535  f0000000823  65535  f0000000824  65535  f0000000825  65535  f0000000826  65535  f0000000827  65535  f0000000828  65535  f0000000829  65535  f0000000830  65535  f0000000831  65535  f0000000832  65535  f0000000833  65535  f0000000834  65535  f0000000835  65535  f0000000836  65535  f0000000837  65535  f0000000838  65535  f0000000839  65535  f0000000840  65535  f0000000841  65535  f0000000842  65535  f0000000843  65535  f0000000844  65535  f0000000845  65535  f0000000846  65535  f0000000847  65535  f0000000848  65535  f0000000849  65535  f0000000850  65535  f0000000851  65535  f0000000852  65535  f0000000853  65535  f0000000854  65535  f0000000855  65535  f0000000856  65535  f0000000857  65535  f0000000858  65535  f0000000859  65535  f0000000860  65535  f0000000861  65535  f0000000862  65535  f0000000863  65535  f0000000864  65535  f0000000865  65535  f0000000866  65535  f0000000867  65535  f0000000868  65535  f0000000869  65535  f0000000870  65535  f0000000871
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000872  65535  f0000000873  65535  f0000000874  65535  f0000000875  65535  f0000000876  65535  f0000000877  65535  f0000000878  65535  f0000000879  65535  f0000000880  65535  f0000000881  65535  f0000000882  65535  f0000000883  65535  f0000000884  65535  f0000000885  65535  f0000000886  65535  f0000000887  65535  f0000000888  65535  f0000000889  65535  f0000000890  65535  f0000000891  65535  f0000000892  65535  f0000000893  65535  f0000000894  65535  f0000000895  65535  f0000000896  65535  f0000000897  65535  f0000000898  65535  f0000000899  65535  f0000000900  65535  f0000000901  65535  f0000000902  65535  f0000000903  65535  f0000000904  65535  f0000000905  65535  f0000000906  65535  f0000000907  65535  f0000000908  65535  f0000000909  65535  f0000000910  65535  f0000000911  65535  f0000000912  65535  f0000000913  65535  f0000000914  65535  f0000000915  65535  f0000000916  65535  f0000000917  65535  f0000000918  65535  f0000000919  65535  f0000000920  65535  f0000000921
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000922  65535  f0000000923  65535  f0000000924  65535  f0000000925  65535  f0000000926  65535  f0000000927  65535  f0000000928  65535  f0000000929  65535  f0000000930  65535  f0000000931  65535  f0000000932  65535  f0000000933  65535  f0000000934  65535  f0000000935  65535  f0000000936  65535  f0000000937  65535  f0000000938  65535  f0000000939  65535  f0000000940  65535  f0000000941  65535  f0000000942  65535  f0000000943  65535  f0000000944  65535  f0000000945  65535  f0000000946  65535  f0000000947  65535  f0000000948  65535  f0000000949  65535  f0000000950  65535  f0000000951  65535  f0000000952  65535  f0000000953  65535  f0000000954  65535  f0000000955  65535  f0000000956  65535  f0000000957  65535  f0000000958  65535  f0000000959  65535  f0000000960  65535  f0000000961  65535  f0000000962  65535  f0000000963  65535  f0000000964  65535  f0000000965  65535  f0000000966  65535  f0000000967  65535  f0000000968  65535  f0000000969  65535  f0000000970  65535  f0000000971
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000000972  65535  f0000000973  65535  f0000000974  65535  f0000000975  65535  f0000000976  65535  f0000000977  65535  f0000000978  65535  f0000000979  65535  f0000000980  65535  f0000000981  65535  f0000000982  65535  f0000000983  65535  f0000000984  65535  f0000000985  65535  f0000000986  65535  f0000000987  65535  f0000000988  65535  f0000000989  65535  f0000000990  65535  f0000000991  65535  f0000000992  65535  f0000000993  65535  f0000000994  65535  f0000000995  65535  f0000000996  65535  f0000000997  65535  f0000000998  65535  f0000000999  65535  f0000001000  65535  f0000001001  65535  f0000001002  65535  f0000001003  65535  f0000001004  65535  f0000001005  65535  f0000001006  65535  f0000001007  65535  f0000001008  65535  f0000001009  65535  f0000001010  65535  f0000001011  65535  f0000001012  65535  f0000001013  65535  f0000001014  65535  f0000001015  65535  f0000001016  65535  f0000001017  65535  f0000001018  65535  f0000001019  65535  f0000001020  65535  f0000001021
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000001022  65535  f0000001023  65535  f0000001024  65535  f0000001025  65535  f0000001026  65535  f0000001027  65535  f0000001028  65535  f0000001029  65535  f0000001030  65535  f0000001031  65535  f0000001032  65535  f0000001033  65535  f0000001034  65535  f0000001035  65535  f0000001036  65535  f0000001037  65535  f0000001038  65535  f0000001039  65535  f0000001040  65535  f0000001041  65535  f0000001042  65535  f0000001043  65535  f0000001044  65535  f0000001045  65535  f0000001046  65535  f0000001047  65535  f0000001048  65535  f0000001049  65535  f0000001050  65535  f0000001051  65535  f0000001052  65535  f0000001053  65535  f0000001054  65535  f0000001055  65535  f0000001056  65535  f0000001057  65535  f0000001058  65535  f0000001059  65535  f0000001060  65535  f0000001061  65535  f0000001062  65535  f0000001063  65535  f0000001064  65535  f0000001065  65535  f0000001066  65535  f0000001067  65535  f0000001068  65535  f0000001069  65535  f0000001070  65535  f0000001071
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000001072  65535  f0000001073  65535  f0000001074  65535  f0000001075  65535  f0000001076  65535  f0000001077  65535  f0000001078  65535  f0000001079  65535  f0000001080  65535  f0000001081  65535  f0000001082  65535  f0000001083  65535  f0000001084  65535  f0000001085  65535  f0000001086  65535  f0000001087  65535  f0000001088  65535  f0000001089  65535  f0000001090  65535  f0000001091  65535  f0000001092  65535  f0000001093  65535  f0000001094  65535  f0000001095  65535  f0000001096  65535  f0000001097  65535  f0000001098  65535  f0000001099  65535  f0000001100  65535  f0000001101  65535  f0000001102  65535  f0000001103  65535  f0000001104  65535  f0000001105  65535  f0000001106  65535  f0000001107  65535  f0000001108  65535  f0000001109  65535  f0000001110  65535  f0000001111  65535  f0000001112  65535  f0000001113  65535  f0000001114  65535  f0000001115  65535  f0000001116  65535  f0000001117  65535  f0000001118  65535  f0000001119  65535  f0000001120  65535  f0000001121
__label__interactivedisplays 65535  f0000001122  65535  f0000001123  65535  f0000001124  65535  f0000001125  65535  f0000001126  65535  f0000001127  65535  f0000001128  65535  f0000001129  65535  f0000001130  65535  f0000001131  65535  f0000001132  65535  f0000001133  65535  f0000001134  65535  f0000001135  65535  f0000001136  65535  f0000001137  65535  f0000001138  65535  f0000001139  65535  f0000001140  65535  f0000001141  65535  f0000001142  65535  f0000001143  65535  f0000001144  65535  f0000001145  65535  f0000001146  65535  f0000001147  65535  f0000001148  65535  f0000001149  65535  f0000000000  65535  f0001106113  00000  n0001106548  00000  n0001212244  00000  n0001212696  00000  n0001213141  00000  n0001213564  00000  n0001307110  00000  n0001307497  00000  n0001307838  00000  n0001308186  00000  n0001379691  00000  n0001379961  00000  n0001380236  00000  n0001380469  00000  n0001380889  00000  n0001412267  00000  n0001412518  00000  n0001412759  00000  n0001413060  00000  n0001444833  00000  n0001445006
__label__interactivedisplays 00000  n0001445245  00000  n0001445577  00000  n0001458237  00000  n0001458315  00000  n0001458532  00000  n0001600144  00000  n0001600435  00000  n0001772783  00000  ntrailer/size  1179/root  1  0  r/info  323  0  r/id821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e  startxref1775796eofxref0  0trailer/size  1179/root  1  0  r/info  323  0  r/id821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e821fec4aa450184f8715dce625b57e1e  /prev  1775796/xrefstm  1772783startxref1799540eof
__label__interactivedisplays on  10  october  2018  ,  ,  ,  ,  this  is  a  guest  blog  by  jody  smith,  product  manager  at  .  around  the  world,  smart  city  projects  are  popping  up  with  unique  solutions  to  longstanding  urban  challenges.  some  examples  include  streetlights  that  analyse  the  current  traffic  situation,  maps  that  indicate  available  parking  spaces  and  street  kiosks  that  deliver  city  information  in  real  time.  these  iot  devices  and  data  feeds  are  the  brains  of  a  smart  city,  helping  to  acquire  data,  promote  efficiency,  and  generate  revenue  for  the  governments.  people,  though,  are  at  the  heart  of  these  projects,  as  the  ultimate  goal
__label__interactivedisplays of  a  smart  city  is  to  better  the  lives  of  citizens.  to  that  end,  cities  are  embracing  technologies  that  entertain,  inform  and  secure  their  citizens.  this  is  done  by  connecting  city  infrastructure  with  personal  devices  such  as  mobile  phones,  connected  cars  and  smart  homes,  as  well  as  through  digital  signage.  these  digital  signs  are  a  key  element  of  smart  cities,  as  they  are  an  efficient  and  interactive  way  to  display  relevant  and  timely  information  to  the  mass  population.  digital  screens  also  play  a  role  in  financing  smart  cities,  with  outofhome  ad  revenue  being  the  main  way  cities  alleviate  the  hefty
__label__interactivedisplays costs  that  come  with  the  smart  city  infrastructure.  we  might  imagine  these  screens  being  fully  run  by  the  public  sector,  with  governments  and  city  services  taking  the  brunt  of  the  workload.  however,  partnerships  between  the  public  and  private  sector  have  proven  to  be  an  ideal  fit  for  setting  up,  maintaining  and  financing  smart  city  screens.  a  few  examples  include  linknyc  project,  where  kiosks  provide  free  wifi,  municipal  information,  wayfinding  and  more  to  residents  and  visitors  across  the  city,  and  jcdecauxs  smart  bus  shelters  in  paris,  where  realtime  traffic  information  is  available  to  keep  passengers  informed.  and  this  is  where  your
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  network  fits  into  the  smart  cities  formula.  the  screens  that  are  traditionally  considered  part  of  smart  cities  are  those  in  public  spaces,  yet  those  in  the  private  sector  can  also  be  considered.  any  screen  that  is  part  of  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  inform,  entertain  and  better  the  lives  of  citizens.  so  whether  your  screens  line  the  busiest  streets  of  the  city,  or  the  halls  of  a  mall  or  campus,  your  network  should  get  ready  for  the  smart  cities  revolution.  to  do  so,  here  are  a  few  things  your  network  and  screens  should  be  able  to  do.
__label__interactivedisplays ideally,  digital  signage  screens  should  be  able  to  connect  with  other  iot  devices  outside  of  themselves,  like  mobile  phones,  pos  systems,  analytics  software,  usb  charging  stations  and  more.  for  this  reason,  its  common  to  see  smart  city  networks  built  atop  easily  extensible  platforms  like  ubuntu.  built  on  an  open  standard  that  has  attracted  millions  of  developers  around  the  world,  this  type  of  platform  is  compatible  with  digital  signage  players  and  other  iot  devices  used  in  smart  city  projects  of  all  kinds.  if  your  network  is  small,  it  may  not  be  necessary  to  connect  to  countless  technologies,  however  planning  for  growth
__label__interactivedisplays is  important  when  considering  how  your  network  fits  into  the  smart  city  revolution.  thinking  of  ways  technologies  will  improve  communication  and  interaction  between  your  network,  your  audience  and  the  smart  infrastructure  not  only  now  but  in  the  future  will  be  key  to  your  networks  success.  technology  cant  really  be  smart  without  data.  live  feeds,  audience  analytics  and  viewer  interaction  should  be  used  to  keep  screen  content  interesting,  timely  and  relevant  to  the  audience.  healthcare  networks  can  use  current  wait  times  to  inform  patients,  malls  can  use  facial  analytics  to  suggest  relevant  stores  for  each  shopper,  and  outdoor  screens  can  display
__label__interactivedisplays searchable  maps  of  available  parking  spaces.  today,  leading  digital  signage  platforms,  like  broadsign,  are  built  with  dynamic  content  in  mind.  abandoning  playlists  for  rulesbased  delivery  and  offering  easy  integration  of  outside  data  streams,  they  allow  digital  signage  to  be  flexible  enough  to  adapt  messaging  to  every  industry  and  situation.  on  the  flip  side,  for  a  truly  smart  network,  you  should  also  be  able  to  gather  usage  data  to  improve  infrastructure,  determine  what  services  to  add,  or  what  product  offerings  to  extend.  at  a  base  level,  this  data  should  be  made  available  to  employees  to  manually  analyse.  however,  an  even  smarter
__label__interactivedisplays solution  would  connect  with  other  systems  and  devices  to  adjust  on  the  fly.  have  hundreds  of  people  searched  for  a  particular  item  on  tablets  in  a  retail  store,  only  to  see  none  are  available?  this  is  a  sign  that  inventory  is  far  outmatched  by  demand,  and  the  system  can  automatically  suggest  higher  stock  going  forward.  with  the  number  of  devices  involved  and  the  amount  of  data  being  shared  between  them,  security  is  a  top  priority  for  smart  cities.  reliability  is  also  key,  as  many  citizens  will  come  to  rely  on  these  services  for  their  daily  commutes,  health  needs,  city  tours
__label__interactivedisplays and  more.  seeing  as  screens  are  front  and  center  in  most  smart  cities,  ensuring  your  digital  signage  software,  hardware  and  applications  are  protected  and  secure  is  extremely  important.  crucially,  this  means  selecting  an  operating  system  and  a  digital  signage  solution  with  strong  safety  capabilities.  is  a  strong  choice  for  a  secure  os,  in  large  part  because  it  restricts  outside  access  to  key  system  files  better  than  most  competitors.  this  makes  it  more  difficult  for  malware  to  access  a  system.  meanwhile,  in  the  signage  software  space,  broadsign  is  the  clear  winner  thanks  to  soc  ii  and  isae3402  audits  that  guarantee  stronger
__label__interactivedisplays saas  security  than  what  is  standard  for  online  banking.  generally,  the  smarter  the  network,  the  more  expensive  it  is.  as  a  network  becomes  more  dynamic  and  datadriven,  more  technologies  are  necessary.  this  is  especially  true  for  massive  smart  city  installations,  as  a  variety  of  software,  hardware  and  machine  learning  components  are  necessary  to  harness  the  true  benefits  of  smart  cities.  linknyc,  for  example,  is  set  to  generate  more  than  500  million  in  ad  revenue  for  the  city  in  just  over  a  decade.  this  enables  them  to  fund  a  variety  of  projects,  without  new  yorkers  feeling  the  weight  of  the  investments.
__label__interactivedisplays as  big  data,  vr,  ai,  iot  and  the  cloud  continue  to  technological  advancements,  the  viability  of  smart  cities  rises.  cities  around  the  world  are  embracing  smart  technology  to  better  urban  life,  and  digital  signage  networks  can  definitely  get  in  on  the  action.  from  home  control  to  drones,  robots  and  industrial  systems,  ubuntu  core  and  snaps  provide  robust  security,  app  stores  and  reliable  updates  for  all  your  iot  devices.  industrial  robots,  home  appliances,  advertising  screens,  office  information  boards  devices  of  every  type  around  us  are  getting  connected.  as  they  do,  their...  building  a  private  cloud  based  on  openstack  has  typically  been
__label__interactivedisplays a  complex  process  with  uncertain  build  costs  based  on  time  and  materials  requiring  specialised...  the  canonical  team  is  getting  back  from  the  open  infrastructure  summit  shanghai  2019  with  a  lot  of  excitement  and  a  fresh  view  on  the  key  projects  from  the...
__label__interactivedisplays smart  cities  just  got  a  whole  lot  smarter  with  the  latest  suite  of  iot  technology,  powered  by  sigfoxs  network  dedicated  entirely  to  the  internet  of  things.  take  advantage  of  cutting  edge  technology  and  sigfoxs  reliable  worldwide  network  to  connect  your  operations  citywide.  the  next  generation  of  sigfox  enabled  iot  solutions  removes  the  barriers  posed  by  earlier  devices  to  deliver  affordable,  userfriendly,  plugandplay  connectivity.  from  air  quality  monitoring,  to  connected  fire  hydrants,  to  smart  trash  dumpsters,  the  iot  provides  a  host  of  affordable  solutions  so  that  you  can  experience  a  leaner,  more  cost  effective  municipality.  city  authorities  periodically  have  to  close
__label__interactivedisplays streets,reroute  traffic  and  notify  the  public  aboutroadworks.  connected  road  signs  can  simplifythe  process  by  displaying  days  and  times  whenparking  is  allowed  on  digital  eink  screens  thatcan  be  updated  remotely  using  sigfox  downlinkconnectivity.  the  signs  can  also  detect  shock  ormovement,  triggering  alerts  to  the  local  policeor  other  relevant  authorities  in  the  event  oftampering.  city  authorities  periodically  have  to  close  streets,reroute  traffic  and  notify  the  public  aboutroadworks.  connected  road  signs  can  simplifythe  process  by  displaying  days  and  times  whenparking  is  allowed  on  digital  eink  screens  thatcan  be  updated  remotely  using  sigfox  downlinkconnectivity.  the  signs  can  also  detect  shock  ormovement,  triggering  alerts  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  local  policeor  other  relevant  authorities  in  the  event  oftampering.  food  temperature  monitoring  is  crucial  for  facilities  thatprovide  meals  for  school  children  or  patients.  iot  solutionscan  help  ensure  food  safety  procedures  are  observed  byaccurately  monitoring  the  temperature  of  food  storagefacilities.  the  temperature  monitoring  device  sends  analert  in  the  event  of  abnormal  temperature  levels,  so  staffcan  act  in  real  time  to  restore  the  correct  temperature,avoiding  microbial  contamination  and  food  waste.  connecting  school  zone  road  signs  is  a  greatway  to  improve  school  zone  safety.  iotenabledsigns  report  back  realtime  information  on  theiroperating  conditions.  bike  sharing  is  becoming  extremely  popular  in  cities  totackle  the
__label__interactivedisplays challenges  of  climate  change  and  offer  residentsan  alternative  way  to  commute.with  timely  updates  on  the  location  of  bikes  sent  throughthe  sigfox  public  iot  network,  cities  and  bikesharingcompanies  can  operate  services  more  efficiently  bymatching  demand  to  supply,  according  to  areas  wherebikes  are  needed.  this  not  only  helps  to  curb  irresponsiblebehavior  such  as  illegal  parking  and  bike  hogging,  it  alsoreduces  problems  of  theft  and  vandalism.  time  clocks  connected  to  the  internet  via  thesigfox  global  iot  network  allow  employers  tomonitor  the  attendance  of  workers  on  remotejob  sites.  forget  thehassle  of  sim  cards  fortracking  employee  comings  and  goings  withconstant  and  realtime  connected  monitoring.  user
__label__interactivedisplays feedback  is  essential  to  improve  publicservices  and  increase  satisfaction.  its  evenbetter  when  you  can  get  that  feedback  in  realtime  immediately  after  the  experience.ensuring  defibrillators  areready  for  usedefibrillators  are  commonly  available  in  mostpublic  buildings  and  workplaces,  and  must  befully  functional  100  of  the  time  in  order  to  savelives.  connected  defibrillators  send  functionaldata  through  the  sigfox  global  network,including  results  of  daily  tests,  battery  tests,door  openings  and  operating  status,  to  ensurethey  are  functioning  properly.install  a  small,  customizable,  connecteddashboard  or  button  to  collect  user  feedbackeffortlessly,  using  color  codes  to  triggerinstant  responses  as  guests  leave  public  servicebuildings.  the  data  is  then  available  in  the  cloudfor
__label__interactivedisplays visualization  and  realtime  satisfactioninsights.  alerts  based  on  specific  thresholdsor  results  can  also  be  triggered  for  a  fasterresponse.  defibrillators  are  commonly  available  in  mostpublic  buildings  and  workplaces,  and  must  befully  functional  100  of  the  time  in  order  to  savelives.  connected  defibrillators  send  functionaldata  through  the  sigfox  global  network,including  results  of  daily  tests,  battery  tests,door  openings  and  operating  status,  to  ensurethey  are  functioning  properly.  sigfoxenabled  sensors  are  easy  to  install  and  socheap  to  run  that  an  entire  city  can  be  covered,enabling  dozens  of  metrics  to  be  tracked  suchas  humidity,  temperature,  air  quality  and  more.some  cities  have  installed  sensors  on  movinglocations  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays trams  and  buses  to  collect  evenmore  data  throughout  the  day.with  increased  availability  of  data,  its  easyto  build  interactive,  realtime  mapping  of  airpollution  and  improve  pollution  predictionthrough  machine  learning.  collection  routes  can  be  optimized  to  savetime,  energy  and  money  with  lowpowerconnected  ultrasonic  sensors  that  indicate  thelevel  of  waste  in  dumpsters.  the  sensors  alsoprovide  valuable  data  about  dumpster  usage,emptying  cycles  and  more.  this  can  consolidateroutes  to  save  time,  energy,  and  money.  put  an  end  to  manual  onsite  meter  readings  and  dataprocessing  of  water,  gas  and  electricity  consumption.  youcan  now  monitor  and  optimize  your  remote  assets  in  realtime,  detecting  issues  such  as  leaks
__label__interactivedisplays and  breakdowns.  servicecompanies  can  also  automate  billing  and  remotely  activateand  deactivate  services.  iotenabled  meters  can  transmitdata  immediately  over  the  sigfox  public  network  with  nopairing  or  configuration  required  and  no  need  to  replace  orrecharge  batteries  for  years.  get  realtime  alerts  when  fire  hydrants  are  in  useand  how  much  water  is  used,  with  iotenabledpressure  sensors.  install  an  accelerometer  sensorto  send  alerts  instantly  if  a  hydrant  is  broken,leaking  or  malfunctioning.  install  a  temperaturemonitor  to  help  prevent  cold  weather  damage  ininclement  and  wintery  conditions.  iot  sensors  provide  crucial  data  on  importantwater  infrastructure  conditions  to  help  preventmalfunctions  and  flooding,  as  well  as  increasemaintenance  crew  efficiency.
__label__interactivedisplays monitoring  thelevel,  pressure,  turbidity,  ph,  salinity,  orp  andflow  of  water  remotely  means  you  can  preventoverflows,  track  drinking  water  supply  andmonitor  waste  water  network  and  treatmentoperations.  thanks  to  iotenabled  sensors,  soil  conditionmonitoring  can  be  done  remotely  and  costefficiently  to  help  minimize  plant  stress  causedby  dehydration.  besides  reducing  the  cost  ofreplacing  plants,  these  solutions  also  optimizewater  usage.  plan  maintenance  operations  by  detectingoverheating,  power  supply  shortage  and  brokenbulbs  with  iotenabled  sensors.  deploy  workersonly  when  necessary  instead  of  carrying  outroutine  maintenance  checks.  install  iotenabledlight  intensity  sensors  to  remotely  control  lightintensity  for  energy  savings.  detect  damage  to  buildings  and  engineeringstructures  by  measuring  cracks,  extensionsor  strain
__label__interactivedisplays unless  youve  been  stuck  under  that  proverbial  rock  for  a  few  years,  youve  at  least  heard  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  how  it  is  connecting  us  in  new  and  interesting  ways.  the  rise  of  the  smart  home  is  one  way  that  the  iot  is  changing  things  for  people  around  the  world  homes  filled  with  devices  that  can  communicate  with  one  another,  with  people  living  in  the  home,  and  even  with  outside  third  parties  think  a  refrigerator  automatically  contacting  a  grocery  store  when  key  items  like  milk  or  eggs  run  low  to  order  more.  however,  this  technology  is  not
__label__interactivedisplays constrained  just  to  our  homes.  its  growing  in  terms  of  both  scope  and  capabilities.  enter  the  smart  city,  where  the  internet  of  things  will  impact  everything  from  lighting  to  the  flow  of  traffic  through  urban  centers.  the  standards  association  says  of  smart  cities:  as  world  urbanization  continues  to  grow  and  the  total  population  expected  to  double  by  2050,  there  exists  an  increased  demand  for  intelligent,  sustainable  environments  that  reduce  environmental  impact  and  over  citizens  a  high  quality  life.  a  smart  city  brings  together  technology,  government  and  society  to  enable  a  smart  economy,  smart  mobility,  a  smart  environment,  smart  people,  smart
__label__interactivedisplays living  and  smart  governance.  we  need  to  turn  to  actual  use  cases  to  determine  what  defines  a  smart  city.  there  are  quite  a  few  ways  in  which  this  sort  of  technology  is  being  utilized  today  around  the  globe,  including  the  following:  at  first  glance,  the  rush  towards  iot  adoption  seems  to  be  one  of  convenience,  similar  to  the  use  of  smart  technology  within  a  home.  for  instance,  no  one  really  needs  a  refrigerator  that  can  reorder  groceries  when  the  onhand  supply  gets  low.  its  convenience.  the  same  concept  does  not  apply  to  the  integration  of  smart  technology  within  city  infrastructure.
__label__interactivedisplays here,  its  more  about  achieving  important  goals,  such  as  improving  the  use  life  and  management  of  infrastructure,  enhancing  resident  safety,  and  cutting  costs  and  energy  usage  to  be  greener.  to  really  understand  the  rise  of  smart  cities,  we  need  to  delve  into  some  of  the  drivers  behind  the  adoption  of  this  technology.  many  cities  around  the  world  are  suffering  from  decaying  infrastructure.  roads  are  degrading.  railroad  tracks  are  decaying.  bridges  and  overpasses  are  aging  and  becoming  unsafe.  iot  technology  can  embed  sensors  in  these  areas  to  determine  a  broad  range  of  things,  including  the  extent  of  degradation,  daily  traffic  flow
__label__interactivedisplays increases,  temperature  extremes  that  may  exacerbate  damage,  safety  issues  that  could  lead  to  mass  injuries  or  loss  of  life,  and  more.  simply  put,  by  utilizing  iot  technology,  cities  and  municipalities  can  better  monitor  the  condition  of  their  infrastructure,  and  manage  those  resources  better,  leading  to  improvements  in  safety,  replacement  costs  and  frequency,  and  more.  as  mentioned  previously,  iot  technology  allows  the  addition  of  new  security  features  to  buildings,  offices,  residential  homes,  and  more.  facial  recognition  systems  are  just  one  aspect  of  this.  as  populations  grow,  the  need  for  improved  security  also  increases  biometric  systems  offer  the  means  to  improve  security
__label__interactivedisplays and  safety  for  homeowners,  business  owners  and  workers,  government  employees  and  many  more.  our  cities  are  hungrier  for  power  than  ever  before.  much  of  this  energy  is  drawn  from  nonrenewable  sources,  such  as  coal.  even  cities  with  access  to  relatively  renewable  resources,  such  as  hydropower,  or  nuclear  power  generation  can  benefit  from  a  reduction  in  raw  demand.  iot  technology  offers  an  immense  capability  to  reduce  energy  consumption,  particularly  wasted  energy  lighting  and  heating/cooling  rooms  people  are  not  currently  using.  by  focusing  on  zoned  lighting/heating/cooling,  cities  can  dramatically  decrease  their  demand  on  the  energy  grid.  the  development  and  installation  of  smart
__label__interactivedisplays networks  allows  improved  communication  capabilities  from  virtually  all  areas  of  a  city.  it  is  possible  for  things  like  traffic  lights  to  communicate  with  the  city  council  or  responsible  agency,  and  for  grids  within  city  parks  to  communicate  with  the  parks  department.  smart  technology  within  cities  can  be  instrumental  in  emergency  preparedness  and  improving  environmental  awareness.  for  instance,  remote  sensors  could  detect  things  ranging  from  changing  barometric  pressure  to  wind  speed/shear  and  help  predict  weather  changes.  one  of  the  most  important  drivers  of  cities  adopting  smart  technology  has  to  do  with  managing  traffic  flow.  todays  cities  are  mired  in  traffic  congestion,
__label__interactivedisplays but  iot  technology  has  the  ability  to  better  manage  traffic  flow  within  urban  centers  and  on  highways.  sensors  can  communicate  everything  from  the  number  of  vehicles  passing  a  specific  spot  to  the  weight  of  vehicles  driving  over  them  to  the  speed  of  vehicles  and  more.  this  can  play  a  role  in  achieving  important  outcomes  such  as  reducing  traffic  snarls,  cutting  down  on  the  amount  of  time  commuters  must  sit  in  gridlock,  and  even  potentially  eliminating  the  most  negative  impacts  of  rush  hour  completely.  improved  safety,  improved  road  management  and  maintenance,  reduced  time  spent  waiting  these  are  just  the  tip  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  proverbial  iceberg.  for  example,  new  york  city  invested  in  smart  sensors  with  the  goal  of  determining  where  drivers  most  frequently  made  sharp  turns  and  hard  stops,  which  is  allowing  them  to  determine  what  areas  need  changes  made  to  the  environment  to  reduce  the  potential  for  accidents  and  congestion.  while  all  of  these  drivers  are  important  reasons  for  the  adoption  of  smart  technology  within  cities,  the  drive  to  better  manage  traffic  is  one  of  those  with  the  most  immediate  impacts,  which  has  made  it  one  of  the  most  common  starting  points  for  cities  interested  in  experimenting  with  iot  technology.  smart
__label__interactivedisplays technology  is  already  having  a  major  impact  on  traffic.  it  has  already  been  used  by  many  cities  in  the  us  to  achieve  important  goals,  and  will  be  implemented  by  many  others  within  a  short  period.  in  this  section,  we  will  look  at  some  of  the  most  important  current  use  cases  and  their  benefits,  as  well  as  vital  ways  that  smart  cities  will  make  use  of  iot  technology  in  the  future  to  better  manage  traffic  flow  and  prevent  congestion  on  surface  streets,  highways  and  motorways.  at  this  moment,  our  cities  are  experiencing  population  surges.  that  leads  to  more  and  more  vehicles
__label__interactivedisplays on  our  roadways.  all  of  those  vehicles  on  the  roads  lead  to  problems,  including:  smart  technology  can  help  reduce  those  numbers  and  the  associated  costs  by  a  significant  amount.  in  some  cases,  it  already  is.  is  now  employing  a  combination  of  cctv  cameras  both  manned  and  software  powered  and  imageprocessing  from  a  company  called  trafficvision.  the  system  focuses  on  collecting  data  and  detecting  incidents  in  real  time.  in  a  comparison,  the  automated  system  was  able  to  detect  incidents  up  to  14  minutes  sooner  than  human  operators  were,  and  it  was  able  to  identify  a  host  of  potential  issues  affecting  drivers,
__label__interactivedisplays ranging  from  the  presence  of  debris  on  the  road  to  wrongway  drivers  to  current  accidents  and  more.  this  allowed  decision  makers  to  come  to  instant  decisions  and  react  appropriately  far  sooner  than  they  would  otherwise  have  been  able  to,  and  allowing  them  to  reroute  traffic,  change  traffic  light  patterns,  alert  emergency  services  and  generally  improve  road  safety  in  myriad  ways.  is  using  smart  technology  to  improve  parking  capabilities  for  residents,  businesses  and  visitors.  the  system  in  place  now  allows  drivers  to  locate  open  parking  spots  easily,  preventing  them  from  having  to  drive  around  manually  looking  for  open  parking  spaces.  this
__label__interactivedisplays helps  to  streamline  traffic  flow,  alleviates  some  congestion,  and  reduces  time  spent  waiting  on  parking.  has  one  of  the  more  interesting  internetconnected  traffic  solutions  currently  in  use.  in  2011,  the  city  began  building  a  fleet  of  gpsconnected  electric  vehicles  for  a  carsharing  service.  since  then,  the  fleet  has  grown  to  3,000  inpidual  vehicles.  consumers  can  track  vehicles  in  their  area  by  gps  in  a  smartphone  app,  allowing  drivers  to  snag  open  vehicles  when  they  are  done  being  used.  each  car  also  has  an  indash  control  center  that  allows  the  driver  to  reserve  open  parking  spaces.  one  of  the  simplest,  yet
__label__interactivedisplays most  beneficial  smart  city  technologies  is  the  traffic  light.  when  connected  to  the  internet,  these  become  adaptive,  allowing  timing  to  be  changed  depending  on  the  time  of  day,  the  volume  of  traffic,  and  other  factors,  such  as  the  flow  of  pedestrian  traffic,  special  events,  and  more.  smart  corridor  is  the  name  given  to  specific  areas  of  road  networks  heavily  embedded  with  smart  technology  to  achieve  multiple  goals.  for  instance,  there  is  a  stretch  of  interstate  in  wyoming  that  is  heavily  used  by  both  commuters  and  by  shipping/distribution  companies.  another  example  would  be  i285  around  the  city  of  atlanta,  which  experiences
__label__interactivedisplays major  delays  due  to  its  use  by  both  18wheelers  and  passenger  vehicles.  smart  corridors  use  a  wide  range  of  technology  to  create  adaptive  capabilities,  including  smart  speed  limit  signs  that  increase  or  decrease  depending  on  traffic  flow  or  time  of  day,  automatic  lane  closures,  the  use  of  smart  cameras,  realtime  weather  updates  from  short  range  communication  devices,  and  more.  toll  roads  are  nothing  new,  but  the  ability  to  charge  different  tolls  based  on  driving  conditions  is.  there  are  many  examples  of  these  systems  in  place,  including  atlanta,  georgia.  this  system  charges  a  toll  for  exiting  from  the  express  lane,  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  fee  varies  based  on  the  time  of  day,  the  day  of  the  week,  the  demand  for  the  exit,  and  other  factors.  the  internet  of  things  is  here  to  stay,  and  nowhere  is  that  more  apparent  than  in  the  adoption  of  smart  technology  within  cities  around  the  world.  while  it  might  not  be  universal  yet,  adoption  speed  is  increasing  as  the  significant  benefits  of  smart  technology  become  better  understood  and  access  to  this  technology  becomes  more  widespread.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  zzzatitlezzzend  vivint  smart  home  joins  alliance  leadership  as  a  principal  member  to  help  drive  zwave  innovation  in  the  fastgrowing  smart  home  space.
__label__interactivedisplays reports  estimate  that  80  billion  additional  metric  tons  of  municipal  water  will  be  required  over  the  next  five  years  for  use  in  cities.  senet  announced  a  new  partnership  with  metersys,  a  provider  of  advanced  smart  city  and  metering  technology  solutions  for  public  utilities.  as  iot  innovation  continues  to  flourish  across  india,  two  companies  leading  in  connected  products  and  secure  networking  today  announced  they  are  partn  otis  recently  delivered  and  installed  a  custommade  glass  elevator  to  carry  visitors  to  the  empire  state  buildings  newly  renovated  102nd  floor  observ  sing  up  to  receive  our  updates  and  other  iot  evolution  news  2019  all
__label__interactivedisplays tst  smartcity  technology  brings  together  the  functionality  of  todays  modern  cities,  segmented  into  4  fundamental  categories  across  one  platform  giving  cities  of  today  the  necessary  platform  and  sensors  to  use  urban  informatics  and  technology  to  improve  the  efficiency  of  services  across  all  facilities,  including:  tst  is  a  secure,  reliable  and  scalable  platform  that  allows  asset  owners  or  service  providers  to  integrate  all  assets  into  the  world  of  iot.  the  tst  solution  is  a  world  where  multiple  devices  are  connected  and  interact  with  their  environment  and  customers,  allowing  for  new  opportunities  in  management  and  decision  making  in  asset  management  performance.  the
__label__interactivedisplays tst  platform  allows  multiple  communication  technologies  from  lora,  zigby  and  nbiot  allowing  owners  complete  flexibility  in  sensors  location,  function  and  customer  requirements.  tst  enables  owners  and  users  the  ability  to  interact  with  connected  assets,  giving  understanding  and  visibility  of  its  real  time  status,  performance  and  usage.  web  and  app  based  interfaces  can  be  fully  customised  to  fulfill  your  requirements  for  operators  or  customers,  giving  simple  and  intuitive  functions  like  mapping  assets,  current  and  historic  alarms  and  bespoke  data  reports.  with  tst  capturing  and  monitoring  all  connected  devices,  you  are  able  to  use  data  to  inform  and  transform  traditional  decision  making
__label__interactivedisplays processes,  by  using  the  data  evidenced  showing  asset  performance,  trends  and  interventions  temperature  is  measured  by  a  highly  accurate  air  chip  3000,  and  humidity  is  measured  using  a  capacitive  humidity  sensor  accuracy  0.8/0.1k.  monitoring  sensors,  ibarrier  detect  and  report:  rotation  deg,  tilt  deg,  impact  gforce,  gps  location,  internal  power  level  soc  intelligent  street  lighting  reduces  energy  costs  up  to  35  through  intelligent  on/off  switching,  and  efficient  management  of  consumption.  lora,  nbiot,  zigbee,  powerline,  radio  frequency,  rs485,  bluetooth  cloud  asset  management  system  cams  is  a  webbased  solution,  with  advanced  communication  and  easy  integration  with  new  or  existing  installations,  able  to  monitor
__label__interactivedisplays according  to  the  a  smart  city  uses  information  and  communications  technology  ict  to  enhance  its  livability,  workability  and  sustainability.  in  smart  cities,  citizens,  and  devices  act  as  sensors,  collecting  and  communicating  data  which  can  be  used  analyze  and  manage  resources  more  efficiently.  this  network  of  smart  and  connected  devices  is  often  referred  to  as  the  internet  of  things  or  iot.  in  smart  cities,  its  not  the  sensors  themselves  that  make  create  value;  data  collected  from  smart  city  sensors  can  be  analyzed  and  put  to  work  to  solve  real  problems  for  real  people  who  interact  with  a  citys  infrastructure  and  assets.
__label__interactivedisplays the  data  collected  from  smart  city  applications  can  have  positive  impacts  in  areas  like  public  safety,  transportation,  air  quality,  energy  efficiency  and  much  more.  becoming  a  smart  city  can  be  daunting.  this  smart  city  roadmap  provides  information  on  how  to  become  a  smart  city,  from  where  to  start,  to  how  it  should  be  financed.  cities  are  home  to  more  than  half  of  the  worlds  population  and  they  are  expected  to  add  another  2.5  billion  new  residents  over  the  next  30  years.  the  populations  of  the  worlds  cities  are  expected  to  swell  over  the  coming  decades  and  city  planners  and  cios
__label__interactivedisplays will  need  assistance  from  technology  and  service  providers  to  build  the  city  infrastructure  of  the  future,  said  gordon  feller,  founder  of  ,  a  global  leadership  network  focused  on  urban  sustainability,  connected  technology  and  innovation.to  accommodate  ever  growing  urban  populations,  municipalities  must  make  more  efficient  use  of  their  assets  and  infrastructure.  many  are  turning  to  smart  city  applications  to  improve  city  operations  and  quality  of  life  for  city  residents.  cities  across  the  world  are  rapidly  adopting  technologies,  including  intelligent  streetlights,  air  quality  sensors,  gunshot  detectors,  video  surveillance  systems,  and  traffic  counters,  to  build  the  next  generation  city  infrastructure.  smart  city  platforms
__label__interactivedisplays like  bring  together  these  technology  and  service  providers,  making  it  easier  than  ever  for  cities  to  test,  deploy  and  manage  their  smart  city  applications.  of  course,  adding  technology  and  gadgets  adds  value  to  a  project.  but  a  truly  smart  city  creates  value  far  beyond  the  sticker  price  of  cameras  and  radios.  smart  city  applications  allow  a  city  to  create  and  capture  new  value  from  infrastructure  they  already  own.  if  a  city  chooses  to  deploy  a  cellular  hub  from  a  smart  streetlight  pole,  that  city  will  do  so  by  leasing  space  on  their  pole  to  the  telco  deploying  the  cell.  the
__label__interactivedisplays city  will  also  meter  the  energy  use  and  charge  the  telco  for  energy  drawn  from  the  pole.  this  example  is  just  one  of  many  use  cases.  cities  have  new  opportunities  to  utilize  their  assets  to  drive  new  revenue  streams  and  operational  efficiencies.  .  ultimately,  smart  cities  enable  a  government  to  deliver  more  service  to  their  citizens  with  less  infrastructure  and  cost.  how  do  smart  cities  work?  it  is  true  that  smart  cities  are  filled  with  technology,  but  value  is  created  by  what  the  cities  do  with  that  technology,  not  the  technology  itself.  smart  cities  improve  efficiency  by  collecting  and  analyzing
__label__interactivedisplays data.  insights  from  that  data  is  then  communicated  through  appropriate  channels  so  that  someone  can  act  to  make  cities  better  places  to  live  and  work.  this,  however,  is  a  simplified  representation  of  the  true  architecture  of  a  smart  city.  in  reality,  a  complicated  ecosystem  of  iot  devices,  communication  networks,  software  solutions  and  user  interfaces  are  constantly  interacting  to  achieve  a  citys  desired  outcomes.  this  section  explores  the  architecture  of  a  smart  city.  a  smart  city  is  a  system  of  interconnected  devices,  also  known  as  an  iot  system.  the  iot  system  is  equipped  with  sensors  and  that  send  and  receive  data
__label__interactivedisplays over  communications  or  mesh  networks.  streetlight  sensors,  for  example,  measure  luminescence,  bulb  health  and  energy  use  of  a  streetlight,  then  communicate  that  information  over  radio  frequencies.  in  some  cases,  these  iot  devices  have  processing  capabilities,  that  capability  is  often  referred  to  as  edge  computing.  processing  raw  data  at  the  edge  ensures  that  only  the  most  pertinent  information  is  communicated  over  the  communication  network.  a  midsized  smart  city  may  have  thousands  of  sensors  deploy  and  creating  data  at  any  given  time,  likely  too  much  data  to  be  useful.  edge  processing  sifts  through  the  data  to  reduce  communications  load  on  the  network.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  devices  dispersed  around  a  smart  city  must  be  able  to  communicate  to  each  other  and  to  some  system  management  software.  these  communication  networks  connect  cameras,  controllers  and  other  sensors,  providing  an  essential  foundation  to  the  smart  city.  there  are  many  types  of  communications  networks  in  the  field  today,  including  fiber,  radio  frequency  rf  mesh,  cellular,  wifi,  power  line  communications  plc,  and  low  power  wide  area  networks  lpwans  such  as  lora  and  sigfox.  rapid  growth  in  the  smart  city  markets  is  driving  advancements  in  cellular  offerings  including  narrowband  iot  nbiot,  ltecatm1,  and  5g  networks.  ,  but  all  must  provide  affordable
__label__interactivedisplays communication  for  an  immense  collection  of  devices  in  a  dependable  and  secure  manner.  a  wireless  gateway  serves  as  a  switchboard  for  a  group  of  iot  devices.  before  being  communicated  to  the  end  source,  data  must  pass  through  a  gateway.  smart  sensors  communicate  the  data  they  generate  over  short  ranges,  usually  using  radio  frequencies,  to  a  gateway,  which  uses  backhaul  networks  such  as  cellular,  ethernet,  wifi  or  wimax  to  communicate  that  data  to  a  cloudbased  management  system.  a  firewall  is  a  security  system  that  monitors  and  controls  network  traffic  in  computing  systems.  because  smart  cities  are  constantly  sending  and  receiving  information,
__label__interactivedisplays firewalls  must  be  in  place  to  ensure  secure  data  transmission  by  preventing  unauthorized  access  to  city  data  or  the  iot  network.  data  delivered  by  the  smart  city  iot  sensors  are  stored  on  the  cloud  or  on  servers.  developers  can  access  data  from  storage  locations  and  use  the  data  build  applications  to  meet  specific  smart  city  needs.  data  analytics  are  used  to  draw  meaningful  insights  from  the  raw  data  collected  by  smart  city  sensors.  often,  analysis  is  paired  with  a  data  visualization  tool  to  make  the  insights  easier  for  users  to  consume.  this  type  of  information  visualization  tool  is  called  a
__label__interactivedisplays dashboard.  in  smart  cities,  data  analytics  can  occur  at  the  edge,  in  the  cloud  or  on  a  server.  when  analytics  are  performed  at  the  edge,  less  data  needs  to  be  communicated  over  wireless  networks,  allowing  for  less  expensive,  lower  bandwidth  networks  to  be  utilized.  after  a  city  has  insights  from  the  data  collected  by  their  many  smart  sensors,  it  must  deploy  applications  to  take  actions  based  on  those  insights.  applications  can  be  informational  or  functional.  an  informational  application  gives  citizens,  businesses  and  municipal  decision  makers  improved  situational  awareness  regarding  their  city.  a  functional  application  may  act  to  improve  specific  outcomes
__label__interactivedisplays within  the  city  by  sending  commands  to  iot  devices  in  the  field.  for  example,  data  collected  from  a  camera  at  an  intersection  may  be  used  for  an  application  that  manages  traffic  signals  in  real  time,  based  on  the  traffic  volume.  with  help  from  our  ,  provides  a  host  of  smart  city  digital  services  which  enable  better  decision  making  and  leads  to  better  outcomes.  digital  services  include:  smart  parking  experts  claim,  30  of  traffic  and  subsequent  pollution  is  caused  by  drivers  looking  for  parking.  equipped  with  a  smart  ,  street  light  poles  become  prime  location  for  monitoring  the  availability  of  parking
__label__interactivedisplays spaces.  machine  vision,  artificial  intelligence  and  edge  computing,  working  in  tandem,  can  be  utilized  to  provide  real  time  data  on  parking  availability  in  lots  or  streets.  smart  parking  applications  can  also  be  used  to  for  metering  or  enforcing  violations  creating  the  potential  to  build  new  revenue  streams  and  lower  costs  to  the  city.  data  collected  by  optical  sensor,  radar,  or  infrared  distance  sensors  can  be  used  to  count  cars  and  estimate  traffic  flow  on  roads.  machine  vision  is  designed  to  recognize  and  categorize  specific  shapes  in  order  to  perform  analysis  on  the  optical  data  collected  by  smart  cameras.  these  video
__label__interactivedisplays analytics  can  be  manipulated  to  perform  an  enormous  range  of  applications  including  people  counting,  traffic  counting,  wrong  way  driver  detection,  zone  intrusion  and  more.  similar  applications  can  be  performed  using  radar  detectors  and  infrared  distance  sensors.  smart  cities  commonly  use  video  analytics  to  monitor  and  track  real  time  traffic  patterns.  this  data  can  be  used  to  optimize  signal  timing  or  traffic  patterns.  data  driven  traffic  system  optimization  can  significantly  reduce  the  amount  of  time  drivers  spend  in  their  car  thereby  reducing  greenhouse  gas  emissions  as  well  as  wear  and  tear  on  public  roadways.  cameras,  microphones  and  other  security  devices  become
__label__interactivedisplays more  effective  when  paired  with  analytics.  public  safety  applications  use  video  and  audio  detection  along  with  edgebased  signal  processing  to  identify  suspicious  or  unlawful  activity  like  zone  intrusion,  gunshots,  glassbreaks,  suspicious  packages,  wrong  way  drivers  and  more.  using  smart  city  communication  networks,  security  events  are  instantly  communicated  to  the  designated  security  center.  more  than  2  billion  people  live  in  cities  where  the  air  quality  is  below  the  .  smart  environmental  monitoring  helps  city  officials  stay  informed  when  the  air  quality  limits  are  exceeded.  improved  access  to  power  and  robust  communication  networks  in  smart  cities  makes  it  possible  for  municipalities  to
__label__interactivedisplays continuously  monitor  environmental  factors  affordably  and  in  realtime.  monitors  can  be  deployed  around  highrisk  areas,  like  industrial  depots  or  construction  sites,  to  generate  early  warning  signals  to  protect  residents  and  workers  from  hazardous  conditions.  ambient  air  quality  data  can  be  used  to  develop  community  exposure  studies,  map  pollution  sources,  validate  environmental  models  and  much  more.  digital  signage  can  easily  be  deployed  around  smart  cities  thanks  to  improved  access  to  power  and  robust  communication  networks.  these  signs  can  be  used  to  improve  way  finding  or  to  communicate  emergency  information  like  weather  warnings  or  amber  alerts.  additionally,  advertisements  displayed  on  digital  signs
__label__interactivedisplays can  generate  new  revenue  for  smart  cities.  in  smart  cities,  sensor  equipped  waste  and  recycling  stations  communicate  real  time  capacity  status  to  waste  management  crews.  this  smart  approach  to  an  ageold  problem  delivers  actionable  insights  and  enables  operational  efficiencies  by  informing  drivers  which  stations  require  servicing  and  which  do  not.  data  driven  decision  making  and  planning  in  waste  management  can  reduce  collections  by  7080,  subsequently  reducing  labor  costs,  vehicle  wear  and  roadway  congestion.  smart  city  hubs,  like  the  ,  allow  electricity  from  a  street  light  pole  to  be  tapped  to  power  electric  vehicle  chargers.  that  power  can  be  metered  and
__label__interactivedisplays billed  to  end  users  with  cimcons  power  metering  nodes  and  other  smart  parking  solutions.  optical  sensors  use  artificial  intelligence  to  detect  license  plate  information,  that  information  and  the  power  consumption  data  can  be  relayed  over  the  smart  city  communication  network  to  bill  the  end  user.  reduce  energy  consumption  and  maintenance  costs  while  increasing  the  quality  of  lighting  services.  smart  streetlight  controllers  are  equipped  with  radios  to  remotely  manage  and  communicate  information  about  streetlight  itself.  because  streetlights  in  urban  and  suburban  environments  are  so  ubiquitous,  adding  radios  to  the  top  of  each  pole  creates  a  robust  mesh  network.  this  communication  network
__label__interactivedisplays can  be  used  to  deploy  a  wide  range  of  additional  smart  city  applications.  additionally,  cities  that  upgrade  to  led  streetlights  save  5060  on  energy  costs;  controlling  those  lights  with  applications  like  dimming  allow  for  another  1020  of  savings  leading  to  a  significant  roi  within  just  23  years.  internet  infrastructure  is  crucial  for  cities  to  attract  business  investment  and  new  residents.  public  wifi  access  points  can  be  deployed  with  or  in  led  streetlights.  this  approach  ensures  low  costs  and  ubiquitous  coverage  by  utilizing  existing  streetlight  infrastructure.  a  widely  available  wifi  network  also  enables  smart  city  applications  with  greater  communications  requirements  like
__label__interactivedisplays video  streaming  for  security  purposes.  cities  all  over  the  world  are  deploying  smart  city  applications  to  improve  operational  efficiencies  and  reduce  costs.  places  like  london,  singapore,  toronto  and  melbourne  are  regularly  lauded  as  the  worlds  smartest  cities.  at  the  ,  awarded  for  their  implementation  of  dynamic  public  bus  routing  algorithms,realtime  parentteacher  portals  and  predictive  analytics  for  water  pipe  leaks.large  cities  all  over  the  world  are  increasingly  adding  technology  and  analytics  to  improve  quality  of  life  on  their  streets.  however,  a  city  doesnt  need  to  be  a  global  mega  city  to  benefit  from  smart  city  applications.  small  or  medium  sized  cities
__label__interactivedisplays everywhere  are  improving  efficiencies  by  deploying  many  of  the  applications  discussed  above.  many  cities  across  the  united  states  are  deploying  smart  initiatives  and  applications.  in  2016,  77  cities  across  the  country  competed  in  the  us  department  of  transportations  smart  city  challenge.  columbus,  claimed  the  title  and  the  50  million  in  grant  funding  and  has  since  emerged  as  a  leader  in  the  space.  columbuss  smart  city  initiative  presents  a  holistic,  yet  technical,  approach  to  the  citys  biggest  challenges.  with  a  wide  network  of  partners,  the  city  is  developing  a  smart  city  ecosystem  that  focuses  on  improving  four  elements  to  urban  life:
__label__interactivedisplays access  to  jobs,  smart  logistics,  connected  residents  and  sustainable  transportation.  city  leaders  have  proposed  and  implemented  many  improvement  projects,  the  flagship  being  a  multimodal  transportation  system,  aiming  to  decrease  the  number  of  cars  and  increase  the  number  of  pedestrians  and  bicycles  on  city  roads.  as  a  part  of  this  plan,  the  city  will  reorganize  the  transportation  spending  to  direct  more  funds  for  pedestrian  and  bicycle  infrastructure  without  increasing  the  overall  budget.  additionally,  smart  and  connected  traffic  lights  will  provide  better  traffic  predictability.  the  multimodal  transportation  initiatives  builds  a  network  of  smart  corridors  throughout  columbus,  making  more  room  for  bikes  and
__label__interactivedisplays pedestrians.  this  project  addresses  columbus  current  challenges  with  first  and  last  mile  public  transportation  by  connecting  more  people  to  jobs  through  a  variety  safe  and  reliable  of  transportation  options.  additionally,  the  multimodal  plan  helps  columbus  meet  climate  and  emissions  goals.  in  addition  to  the  operational  benefits  intended  by  columbuss  smart  city  initiatives,  the  projects  have  acted  as  a  catalyst  for  private  investment  into  the  city.  since  winning  dots  smart  cities  challenge,  columbus  has  attracted  about  360  million  in  private  investment  to  the  smart  city  accelerator  fund.  this  fund  supports  local  ventures  working  in  areas  of  mobility,  connectivity,  energy  and  data
__label__interactivedisplays analytics.  a  reliable  communications  network  is  essential  to  building  a  smart  city.  for  this  reason  smart  and  connected  streetlighting  upgrades  are  widely  accepted  by  city  planners  and  cios  as  the  first  step  towards  building  a  smart  city.  smart  streetlighting  refers  to  an  led  light  with  a  smart  connected  controller.  the  radio  frequency  enabled  controllers  provide  a  modular  and  scalable  communications  network  from  which  countless  other  smart  city  applications  can  be  deployed.  because  leds  are  significantly  more  energy  efficient  than  their  traditional  counterparts,  smart  streetlighting  upgrades  result  in  reduced  energy  and  maintenance  costs,  as  well  as  reduced  carbon  emissions.  these  financial
__label__interactivedisplays benefits  build  a  strong  business  case  for  the  streetlight  upgrades  and  in  some  cases  savings  on  energy  costs  can  be  reinvested  to  deploy  additional  smart  city  applications.  cimcon  lighting  has  developed  a  set  of  principles  cities  should  consider  while  developing  their  smart  city  road  map:  many  financing  options  exist  for  smart  city  projects,  especially  those  that  begin  with  smart  and  connected  streetlight  upgrades.  due  to  the  energy  cost  savings  achieved  by  upgrading  traditional  high  intensity  discharge  streetlights  to  led  streetlights,  retrofit  projects  are  considered  to  be  low  risk  investments;  therefore  many  financing  options  exist.  the  savings  realized  from  these  projects
__label__interactivedisplays can  be  used  to  fund  other  smart  city  applications  or  programs  or  used  to  quickly  pay  down  debt.  several  funding  opportunities,  most  enabled  by  smart  lighting  projects,  are  described  below.  for  a  comprehensive  guide  on  smart  city  financing  see  the  .  want  to  learn  more?  visit  our  blog  to  see  insights  and  expert  opinions  on  the  latest  trends  in  the  smart  city  space.  ready  to  become  a  smart  city?  try  our  today.  200  summit  drive  suite  500,  south  tower  burlington,  ma  01803  tel:  9783204002  fax:  978  2019  cimcon  lighting,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays one  of  the  things  that  you  learn  after  being  a  for  a  while  is  that  some  cities  are  much  better  designed  than  others.  there  is  a  certain  aesthetic  quality  to  a  welllaid  out  urban  center  like  new  york  city  compared  to,  say,  boston,  which  one  article  on  the  said  appears  as  if  a  group  of  city  planners  decided  to  lay  out  the  roads  one  day  by  taking  turns  pissing  blindfolded  onto  a  scroll  of  parchment  during  an  earthquake.  the  idea  of  urban  planning  dates  back  to  egypt  and  its  contemporaries,  as  archaeologists  have  found  evidence  of  paved  streets  laid  out
__label__interactivedisplays at  right  angles  in  a  grid  pattern,  all  leading  to  the  same  slave  brothel.  today,  we  have  internet  porn.  and  we  have  the  nternet  f  hings  ,  which  is  becoming  increasingly  integral  to  urban  planning.  the  whole  idea  behind  using  iot  infrastructure  sensors,  big  data,  and  analytics  that  help  manage  everything  from  and  to  and  is  to  make  cities  more  efficient.  the  more  efficient  the  city,  the  theory  goes,  the  more  sustainable  it  will  be  in  a  future  where  were  or  to  feed  10  billion  or  more  people  by  midcentury.  earlier  this  year,  the  big  brains  at  data  research  firm
__label__interactivedisplays cb  insights  produced  one  of  their  iconic  market  maps  on  companies  developing  smart  city  solutions:  credit:  cb  insights  youll  notice  theres  a  whole  category  devoted  to  smart  city  urban  planning  startups,  which  can  tell  us  something  about  the  possible  breadth  of  this  emerging  industry  to  shape  the  way  a  city  is  developed  and  how  far  an  analyst  can  stretch  the  definition  of  urban  planning  to  complete  a  market  map.  for  example,  one  of  the  startups  on  the  list,  berlinbased  infarm,  is  one  of  many  that  weve  covered  in  the  past.  infarm  has  since  raised  an  additional  100  million  since  we
__label__interactivedisplays profiled  the  company.  cb  insights  also  lists  square  roots,  another  hightech  vertical  farming  startup  that  has  raised  for  its  .  at  the  helm  is  a  somewhat  familiar  name,  kimbal  musk,  the  brother  of  a  more  familiar  ceo  who  favors  twitter  and  flame  throwers.  a  qr  code  on  the  back  of  the  brooklynbased  companys  products  will  give  you  background  info  on  how  the  herb  was  grown.  while  many  of  these  vertical  farms  use  sensors,  big  data,  and  analytics  to  optimize  yield,  its  unclear  how  exactly  infarm,  square  roots  or  its  cohort  are  directly  involved  in  the  activity  of  smart  city  urban
__label__interactivedisplays planning.  maybe  the  smart  city  of  tomorrow  grows  all  its  own  food?  in  addition,  a  couple  of  companies  have  dropped  off  the  startup  scene  through  acquisitions.  san  franciscobased  plangrid  had  raised  before  being  bought  last  year  for  875  million  by  autodesk  ,  the  company  behind  the  drafting  and  design  software  autocad.  plangrid  provides  a  variety  of  products  around  cloudbased  construction  software.  another  san  francisco  startup  called  civic  insight  helps  cities  make  their  data  on  buildings  and  homes  think  permits  and  other  zoning  or  construction  information  easily  accessible  to  the  public.  its  sort  of  like  zillow  for  nosy  neighbors.  yet  another
__label__interactivedisplays san  francisco  company,  accela,  took  possession  of  civic  insights  more  than  four  years  ago.  accela  offers  various  solutions  for  cities  to  digitize  and  automate  processes  like  building  permits  and  cannabis  licensing.  the  20yearold  company,  which  had  raised  about  and  absorbed  10  startups  over  that  time,  was  itself  acquired  by  berkshire  partners  in  2017.  that  now  leaves  us  seven  companies  still  to  cover.  the  most  wellfunded  of  the  bunch  is  a  swedish  startup  called  mapillary  that  was  founded  in  2013  and  has  raised  ,  including  a  15  million  series  b  last  year  led  by  bmw  and  involved  highprofile  venture  capital  firms
__label__interactivedisplays like  sequoia  capital  and  atomico.  mapillary  is  one  of  a  growing  number  of  companies  putting  together  for  applications  like  selfdriving  cars  and  smart  city  traffic  management.  its  platform  builds  streetlevel  map  imagery  using  computer  vision  to  automatically  detect  objects  like  bicycles  and  trash  cans,  while  also  automating  the  privacy  aspect  by  blurring  faces  and  license  plates.  it  draws  on  a  database  of  more  than  900  million  images  along  millions  of  miles  of  roads.  heres  the  bigpicture  view  of  how  the  tech  works:  credit:  mapillary  in  the  case  of  a  small  town  that  needed  to  inventory  its  street  signs,  mapillarys  cameras
__label__interactivedisplays and  machine  vision  system  identified  5,000  traffic  signs.  the  data  could  then  be  used  to  address  repairs  and  fix  obstructions,  like  your  nosy  neighbors  unruly  azalea  bushes.  you  know  you  have  an  urban  planning  problem  if  100,000  qualifies  you  as  low  income.  thats  the  story  in  san  francisco,  where  housing  costs  can  make  a  sixfigure  income  nearly  as  worthless  as  monopoly  money.  enter  urbanfootprint,  based  in  nearby  berkeley,  that  was  founded  in  2014  and  has  raised  to  date  for  its  cloudbased  software  that  helps  cities  create  sustainable,  resilient  communities.  thats  according  to  its  founder,  a  wellknown  architect  named  peter  calthorpe
__label__interactivedisplays who  is  one  of  the  leading  figures  behind  new  urbanism,  which  promotes  dense,  mixeduse,  walkable  neighborhoods.  in  last  year,  calthorpe  likened  urbanfootprint  to  sim  city  because  it  allows  nonexperts  to  model  the  impacts  of  different  urban  planning  scenarios,  such  as  zoning  changes  and  road  reconfigurations  in  just  a  few  minutes  by  leveraging  an  extensive  database  on  environmental,  social,  and  economic  conditions.  an  urbanfootprint  analysis  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions  per  household  in  merced,  california,  helped  planners  understand  the  impact  of  land  management  use  and  smart  city  growth.  areas  shaded  in  deep  red  indicate  higher  levels  of  emissions  emitted.  credit:  urbanfootprint  the
__label__interactivedisplays company  has  partnered  with  california  to  bring  the  smart  city  urban  planning  tool  to  more  than  500  cities  and  government  agencies  free  of  charge.  for  those  who  cant  get  enough  posts  about  lost  cats  in  their  neighborhood  from  next  door,  theres  soofa,  a  boston  area  startup  that  has  raised  for  what  amounts  to  a  digital  bulletin  board  that  anyone  with  an  app  and  a  cause  can  post  to.  the  42inch  displays  are  solarpowered.  there  goes  a  million  jobs  in  the  flyposting  industry.  another  startup  that  is  trying  to  get  the  public  involved  in  smart  city  urban  planning  is  boulderbased  neighborland.
__label__interactivedisplays and  like  soofa,  neighborland  is  putting  a  digital  spin  on  reinventing  the  wheel.  the  company  basically  builds  webpages  and  mobile  platforms  to  support  civic  engagement  on  various  projects.  it  claims  to  have  worked  with  more  than  200  city  agencies,  universities,  foundations,  and  nonprofits  across  the  united  states,  delivering  more  than  3  billion  in  social  and  economic  impact.  for  instance,  it  helped  mesa,  arizona  build  support  for  a  300  million  bond  to  improve  city  facilities  and  services  last  year.  founded  in  2016,  urbanlogiq  is  a  british  columbia,  canada  startup  that  has  pulled  together  in  disclosed  funding.  the  company  offers  two  smart
__label__interactivedisplays city  urban  planning  solutions.  the  first  is  for  traffic  management,  where  the  platform  aggregates  all  historic  and  realtime  data  about  traffic  speed,  accidents,  etc.,  and  then  turns  the  machinelearning  algorithms  loose  to  predict  traffic  patterns  days  in  advance  and  with  a  high  level  of  certainty.  the  company  also  claims  it  can  do  the  same  for  a  city  to  forecast  economic  development  using  everything  but  the  kitchen  sink,  from  business  licensing  and  building  permits  to  employment  and  unemployment  rates  and  housing  statistics  to  less  structured  data  like  weather  and  public  policy.  its  for  the  public  sector.  weve  written  quite  a  bit
__label__interactivedisplays over  the  last  few  years  about  the  value  that  companies  are  getting  from  .  geospatial  intelligence  startups  like  apply  machinelearning  algorithms  to  spacebased  pictures  to  help  farmers  grow  better  crops  or  insurance  companies  spot  fraud.  in  fact,  theres  a  doing  this  sort  of  geospatial  analytics.  philadelphiabased  azavea  has  been  in  the  business  since  2000  apparently,  specializing  in  urban  planning  projects,  especially  in  the  hometown  of  rocky  balboa.  one  of  the  many  products  that  use  geospatial  tools  to  help  with  smart  city  urban  planning.  credit:  azavea  for  instance,  the  company  built  an  application  above  where  nonresidential  building  owners  can  sketch  out
__label__interactivedisplays ideas  using  up  to  five  different  stormwater  tools  such  as  green  roofs  or  permeable  basins  that  show  how  such  improvements  can  help  reduce  monthly  stormwater  bills.  finally,  parisbased  cityzia,  founded  in  2017,  is  the  zillow  version  of  online  dating  in  that  it  helps  people  find  their  perfect  home  through  an  online  qa  that  matches  your  preferences  quiet  neighborhood  or  party  central  against  a  database  of  properties.  its  frenchcentric  and  seems  toimply  that  the  cities  of  tomorrow  will  become  a  small  collection  of  tribes,  where  each  lifestyle  flourishes  among  its  own  type.  the  bigger  cities  get,  the  more  important  it  is
__label__interactivedisplays for  people  to  get  along.  a  great  example  of  this  can  be  found  in  hong  kong  at  the  local  dog  park  where  youll  see  a  dozen  dogs  playing  together  with  hardly  a  bark  to  be  heard.  when  you  live  in  small  cramped  spaces  where  you  can  hear  your  neighbors  cough,even  the  pets  learn  how  to  play  well  with  others.  speaking  of  cb  insights:  the  firm  projects  that  within  the  next  five  years,  the  smart  city  market  will  be  worth  1.4  trillion.  youll  notice  that  the  market  map  is  tilted  heavily  toward  transportation.  thats  not  surprising,  given  that  hit  the  u.s.
__label__interactivedisplays economyfor  about  87  billion  in  losses  last  year,  according  to  the  world  economic  forum.  meanwhile,  the  digital  road  is  being  laid  for  the  eventual  arrival  of  selfdriving  cars  and  trucks.  smart  city  urban  planning  will  be  a  key  technology  to  integrate  smart  mobility  with  other  smart  infrastructure,  especially  as  the  helps  connect  it  all  together.  are  you  a  good  driver?  root  is  able  to  save  good  drivers  as  much  as  52  on  their  car  insurance.  it  takes  less  than  a  minute  to  get  started.  published:  november  15,  2019  let  us  keep  you  in  the  loop  once  a  week  or  so.
__label__interactivedisplays refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  developed  as  well  as  developing  nations  around  the  world  are  racing  to  infuse  technology  into  just  about  every  aspect  of  the  daytoday  operations  in  some  of  their  cities.  functions  like  water  management,  powersupply,  sanitation,  urban  mobility,  solid  waste  management,  egovernance,  it  connectivity,  and  public  transport  systems  are  being  modernized  with  the  help  of  iot  technology.  simply  put,  internet  of  things  or  iot  is  a  network  that  consists  of  hundreds  of  devices,  sensors  that  can  communicate  with  one  another.  the  ai  and  ml  capabilities
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  iot  help  the  network  in  processing  the  information  received  from  the  connected  gadgets.  further,  this  data  is  sent  to  the  user  or  is  used  in  deciding  the  further  action,  like  adjusting  the  devices,  etc.  cities  that  work  towards  improving  the  lives  of  its  people  with  the  help  of  digital  technologies  and  big  data  are  smart  cities.  almost  every  country  finds  it  difficult  to  manage  the  growing  influx  of  citizens  in  various  urban  city  areas.  thus,  cities  are  becoming  smart  by  embracing  datasharing  and  analytics,  artificial  intelligence,  and  of  course,  thousands  of  sensors.  municipal  corporations  are  adopting  new  technologies
__label__interactivedisplays to  save  operational  costs  and  maximize  efficiencies  of  existing  assets.  a  recent  study  conducted  by  the  usbased  abi  research  pointed  out  that  smart  city  technologies  have  the  potential  to  save  as  much  as  5  trillion  in  annual  costs  during  the  next  four  years.  however,  embracing  a  holistic  approach  is  the  need  of  the  hour  to  ensure  success  in  the  projects  that  are  currently  being  executed.  various  smart  city  features,  including  primary  devices  like  electronic  road  signs,  street  lighting,  intelligent  traffic  lights,  waste  management  devices,  smart  parking  systems,  can  work  efficiently  if  connected  to  4g  and  5g  mobile  networks.  so,  a
__label__interactivedisplays secured  5g  network  can  surely  prove  to  be  a  boon  for  cloudbased  iot  powered  devices.  countries  like  china,  india,  the  uk,  and  the  us,  along  with  south  korea,  and  japan  are  conducting  5g  network  trials.  spectrum  auctions  are  set  to  be  held  in  2019.  from  the  custom  ecommerce  development  to  the  functioning  of  advanced  garbage  bins  with  sensors,  5g  networks  would  revolutionize  almost  everything.  solving  all  the  issues  in  one  go  and  making  the  entire  country  smart  may  not  be  possible  at  this  point.  as  pointed  out  by  teradatas  cto,  stephen  brobst  during  his  recent  interaction  with  journalists,  the  pain
__label__interactivedisplays point  of  every  city  can  be  different.  some  areas  may  have  transportation  infrastructure  as  their  primary  concern,  while  others  might  be  more  bothered  about  the  quality  of  life  of  the  people.  the  roadmap  for  technology  selection  needs  to  be  in  line  with  the  pain  points  of  citizens  living  in  the  selected  areas.  brobst  also  suggested  that  municipal  corporations  around  the  world  should  focus  on  improving  efficiency  and  take  a  selffunding  approach  for  projects  instead  of  raising  taxes.  some  areas  may  need  solutions  with  more  focus  on  ai  and  ml  than  sensors  to  improve  the  efficiency  of  existing  devices.  ai  and
__label__interactivedisplays ml  have  also  changed  the  way  people  shop  online  these  days.  even  techfirms  like  have  implemented  ai  and  machine  learning  capabilities  into  shopping  portals.  some  cities  have  already  implemented  the  iot  technology  in  their  strategy  to  address  challenges  related  to  solid  waste  management,  air  pollution  monitoring,  solving  traffic  congestion  issues,  offering  the  best  healthcare,  and  taking  public  safetyrelated  decisions.  the  initiatives  visible  in  singapore  and  spains  barcelona  city  in  health  care,  transportation,  lighting,  and  managing  public  amenities  often  make  it  in  the  headlines.  they  show  a  glimpse  of  how  future,  techsavvy  cities  could  operate  and  deliver.  the  southeast  asiabased  island
__label__interactivedisplays country,  singapore,  initiated  its  smart  nation  initiative  and  implemented  iotpowered  systems.  the  network  of  cameras  and  sensors  installed  on  almost  every  corner  of  the  city  can  tell  where  people  are  smoking  in  prohibited  zones  or  loitering  from  highrise  housing.  authorities  can  monitor  crowd  density,  cleanliness  of  public  places,  and  even  track  the  exact  movement  of  all  registered  vehicles.  this  data  is  fed  into  an  online  platform  called  virtual  singapore.  it  gives  an  idea  about  how  the  city  is  functioning,  on  a  realtime  basis.  barcelonas  lighting  masterplan  initiative  often  attracts  attention  due  to  the  remarkable  reduction  reported  in  streetlights  power  consumption.
__label__interactivedisplays since  2014,  most  of  the  citys  lampposts  have  been  fitted  with  led  lights.  most  importantly,  the  iotpowered  system  equipped  with  sensors  automatically  turns  the  lights  dim  when  streets  are  empty.  the  system  has  helped  in  lowering  energy  consumption.  plus,  lampposts  also  serve  as  wifi  network  hotspots  and  are  fitted  with  sensors  to  monitor  air  quality.  besides  the  smart  irrigation  system  in  most  of  the  citys  parks,  barcelona  smart  parking  spaces  deserve  a  special  mention.  most  of  the  parking  spaces  are  fitted  with  specially  designed,  inground  parking  sensors.  the  iotpowered  system  offers  realtime  information  about  free  parking  spots  in  various  parts
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  city.  sensors  on  the  street  use  light  and  metal  detectors  to  check  if  the  parking  spaces  are  occupied.  the  mobile  application  launched  under  the  initiative  helps  drivers  to  reserve  parking  as  well.  barcelonas  waste  management  system  can  prove  to  be  a  good  case  study.  the  sensors  and  devices  fitted  on  waste  bins  send  notifications  to  the  authorities  and  waste  collection  trucks  as  soon  as  they  are  about  to  be  filled.  there  are  different  bins  for  paper,  plastic,  glass,  and  waste  food  items  in  every  locality.  the  authorities  have  also  set  up  a  network  of  dropoff  containers  connected  with
__label__interactivedisplays underground  vacuum  pipes  that  suck  up  the  trash  and  leave  it  in  the  processing  unit.  the  system  eliminates  the  need  for  trash  trucks  to  collect  the  garbage.  during  the  last  five  years,  several  developing  countries,  including  india,  made  their  smart  city  plans  public.  a  report  released  recently  by  philips  lighting  and  smart  cities  world  pointed  out  that  most  of  the  projects  around  the  world  have  been  held  back  due  to  lack  of  budget,  infrastructure,  and  necessary  political  leadership.  the  adoption  rate  is  also  slower  in  most  developed  nations  due  to  issues  related  to  the  integration  of  the  old  infrastructure  with
__label__interactivedisplays what  do  you  think  of  when  you  hear  the  term  smart  city  ?  most  likely,  youll  picture  a  city  that  offers  seamless  physical  and  digital  connectivity  through  wellmanaged  transportation  and  easily  accessible  communication  networks.  you  might  think  of  a  city  that  enables  convenient,  even  luxurious  living  through  smart  and  sustainable  housing,  ,  and  digitized  governance.  it  is  true  that  benefits  such  as  unprecedented  levels  of  convenience  and  connectivity  will  distinguish  the  cities  of  tomorrow  from  those  of  today.  however,  our  fixation  with  such  pleasant  benefits  often  makes  us  overlook  the  fact  that  smart  cities  can  also  enhance  the  provision  of
__label__interactivedisplays june  3,  2016  written  by:  categorized:  share  this  post:  parking  meters,  information  signs,  cctv,  traffic  signals  almost  everywhere  that  you  look  in  a  modern  city,  theres  a  microchip  embedded  device,  connecting  to  the  allencompassing  internet  of  things.  modern  cities  are  run  just  like  businesses.  cities  compete  for  residents,  investors,  tourists,  and  even  funding  from  central  government.  for  cities  to  remain  relevant,  they  have  to  become  smarter,  leaner,  and  more  connected.  the  iot  is  helping  the  worlds  largest  cities  to  do  this,  on  a  grand  scale,  and  at  a  phenomenal  rate.  according  to  gartner  research,  in  this  year  alone,  5.5  million
__label__interactivedisplays new  things  are  expected  to  become  connected  every  day.  from  consumer  devices  like  smartphones  and  fitness  devices,  to  interactive  flatpanel  displays  and  information  kiosks,  iot  is  seeing  huge  adoption  rates  and  staggering  investment.  just  over  a  year  ago,  an  idc  futurescape  report  predicted  that  local  government  bodies  would  represent  up  to  a  quarter  of  all  government  spending.  this  prediction  is  based  on  governmentinvestments  into  the  research  and  implementation  of  connected  technologies.  the  innovative  technologies  developed  overthe  last  five  years  start  to  develop  a  picture  of  what  smart  cities  will  look  like  within  the  next  decade.  is  an  innovative  technology  that
__label__interactivedisplays uses  proximity  keys  to  automatically  activate  or  deactivate  bike  locks.  at  the  same  time,  the  system  uses  an  owners  smartphone  to  record  the  gps  location  of  the  lock  and  bike.  such  a  system  could  be  utilized  on  a  large  scale,  such  as  in  a  bike  sharing  program  in  heavily  congested  cities.  private  and  government  organizations  could  track  bikes  for  better  management.  they  could  even  use  the  uploaded  data  to  provide  real  time  updates  for  bike  availability,  while  also  recording  patterns  of  utilization.  is  another  smart  city  technology  that  shows  great  promise.  using  networked  parking  sensors,  streetline  can  record  parking  availability
__label__interactivedisplays in  real  time,  and  report  to  city  officials  and  smartphone  apps,  simultaneously.  the  technology  is  in  widespread  use  around  los  angeles.as  of  may  this  year,  over  490  million  individual  parking  events  had  been  recorded  and  reported  using  streetline  sensors.  studies  have  shown  that  smart  parking  systems  can  reduce  peak  parking  congestion  by  up  to  22,  and  can  reduce  total  traffic  volume  by  8.  with  other  technologies,  like  ibms  ,  local  governments  could  utilize  devices  to  gather  real  time  data  to  measure  traffic  volume,  speed,  and  other  metrics.  this  information  could  be  used  to  design  better  policy  and  city  planning.  innovative
__label__interactivedisplays technologies  like  these  are  just  the  beginning  of  what  is  possible  in  a  smart  city.  emerging  technologies  have  the  potential  to  make  major  cities  more  functional  and  convenient  for  residents  and  visitors,  and  more  manageable  for  government  bodies.  even  so,  there  are  still  challenges  to  overcome.  infrastructure  is  a  major  challenge.  cities  will  need  to  plan  and  implement  high  speed  networks,  as  well  as  the  servers  that  are  necessary  to  support  their  sensors  and  other  systems.  storage  and  processing  needs  will  increase  as  iot  becomes  more  widespread.  security  will  need  to  become  a  major  area  of  focus.  security  is  not
__label__interactivedisplays just  necessary  to  safeguard  systems,  but  also  to  protect  user  privacy  and  data.  its  clear  that  smart  technologies  and  iot  are  the  future  of  the  worlds  major  cities.  which  in  turn  means  that  experienced  developers,  operations  professionals,  engineers,  and  it  security  specialists  will  be  in  high  demand.  there  are  many  growing  opportunities  in  the  immediate  future,  and  in  the  coming  years  for  skilled  iot  specialists  and  professionals.  read  more  by  by  by  storms  are  destructive  beasts,  especially  to  cities  and  builtup  areas.  even  your  average  bout  of  heavy  rain  can  lead  to  overflowing  rivers  and  flooding;  damaging  infrastructure,  rendering  roads
__label__interactivedisplays impassible  and  halting  transport  until  the  damage  is  repaired.  so  can  the  internet  of  things  help  manage  excess  storm  water,  and  even  put  it  to  good  use?  there  are  many  factors  which  cause  the  global  population  to  fluctuate,  with  the  post  worldwar  ii  baby  boom  causing  the  most  significant  increase.  although  population  growth  comes  with  many  positive  factors,  such  as  increased  numbers  of  workers,  expansion  of  tax  bases  and  increased  consumer  spending  at  local  businesses,  it  causes  huge  strain  on  resources  and  this  is  the  first  post  in  a  fourpart  series  on  how  the  iot  is  impacting  buildings.  the  internet
__label__interactivedisplays of  things  iot  is  transforming  every  facet  of  the  building  how  we  inhabit  them,  how  we  manage  them,  and  even  how  we  build  them.  there  is  a  vast  ecosystem  around  todays  buildings,  and  no  part  of
__label__interactivedisplays how  to  connect  and  manage  your  devices  with  the  kaa  iot  cloud  based  on  new  kaa  release  1.1  december  11  12  pm  est  register  now  the  rise  of  the  smart  city  is  a  defining  moment  for  the  internet  of  things  evolution  as  diverse  technologies  are  getting  amalgamated  into  largescale,  multilayered  solutions  for  the  benefit  of  entire  nations.  taking  the  centre  stage  as  a  technologyindependent  enterprise  iot  platform,  kaa  delivers  an  essential  glue  for  this  transformation.  .  integrated  with  kaa,  smart  meters,  sensors,  and  device  gateways  can  be  used  for  .  oblivious  waste  of  natural  resources  could  be  finally  a  thing
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  past  at  the  same  time,  iotenabled  public  transportation,  waste  disposal,  and  public  safety  solutions  could  set  a  new  standard  of  comfortable  urban  living.  for  smart  parking,  smart  water  management,  connected  waste  containers,  smart  traffic  lights  for  automated  traffic  balancing,  smart  street  lights,  and  smart  buildings.  as  a  keystone  of  smarter  urban  environments,  a  modern  city  engineering  infrastructure  will  become  increasingly  retrofitted  with  embedded  technology  and  iot  connectivity  to  enable  its  realtime  monitoring  and  adaptable  allocation  of  city  resources,  such  as  electricity,  water,  transportation,  public  services,  and  emergency  staff.  being  one  of  the  most  comprehensive  iot  platforms  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays smart  city  sector,  kaa  enables  secure,  near  realtime  interoperability  between  diverse  infrastructure  systems,  devices,  and  sensors  also  providing  full  freedom  in  setting  up  multicloud  deployments  and  incorporating  emerging  industry  standards  on  the  go.  iot  technologies  and  kaa  are  the  best  way  to  build  public  transportation  and  traffic  management  solutions  that  automatically  respond  to  road  congestions,  accidents,  and  emergencies  by  adapting  traffic  light  patterns,  distributing  massscale  notifications,  and  managing  digital  signs.  with  kaa,  it  is  easy  to  create  an  endtoend  iot  traffic  management  solution  that  would  also  allow  citizens  to  monitor  all  aspects  of  the  city  road  situation  from  their  smartphones
__label__interactivedisplays in  real  time.  smart  buildings  are  essential  for  a  sustainable,  energysaving  strategy  of  the  city,  modern  standards  of  living,  and  a  dynamic  business  life.  kaa  offers  a  stack  of  iot  components  that  can  be  rapidly  implemented  for  smart  building  solutions  of  any  kind  from  a  unified  climate  management  system  via  networks  of  connected  sensors  and  hvac  equipment  to  personalized  iotequipped  workplaces.  the  smart  cities  of  the  future  will  not  only  be  efficient  but  also  empower  their  citizens  with  simple  access  to  modern  technology  and  iot  innovations.  with  smartphonebased  solutions  powered  by  kaa,  city  dwellers  can  be  always  thoroughly  informed  about
__label__interactivedisplays latest  city  events,  crowd  zones,  estimated  inline  waiting  time  at  public  service  facilities,  and  traffic  situation.  also,  kaa  can  be  effectively  utilized  for  onstreet  smart  solutions  such  as  interactive  street  signs,  smart  advertisement  boards,  security  cameras,  bike  sharing  spots,  etc.  we  use  cookies  to  enhance  your  experience.  please  visit  our  page  for  more  information  about  cookies  and  how  we  use  them.
__label__interactivedisplays learn  how  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  market  is  driving  up  the  expectations  of  decision  makers  throughout  local,  state  and  federal  government  in  this  comprehensive  research  brief  from  comptia.  how  will  these  influential  decision  makers  learn  what  they  need  to  know  about  information  technology  it  to  make  smarter  choices  about  how  they  can  make  their  cities  smarter?  this  is  where  you  play  a  role  where  you  provide  your  expertise  and  skill  to  improve  peoples  quality  of  life.  download  this  research  brief  now  and  learn  about  the  roles  you  can  play  and  how  information  technology  can  help  in
__label__interactivedisplays making  cities  smarter  through  the  internet  of  things.  in  1914,  one  of  the  worlds  first  electric  traffic  signals  was  installed  in  cleveland,  ohio.  it  directed  the  rapidly  increasing  volume  of  automobile  traffic  through  the  familiar  red,  green,  and  yellow  lights  still  used  to  this  day.  it  also  included  rudimentary  logic  to  prevent  signaling  conflicts  and  user  error.  at  the  time,  this  was  a  momentous  technological  leap  over  the  existing  practice  of  a  police  officer  standing  in  the  middle  of  an  intersection  directing  traffic.  in  the  mid1950s,  another  innovation  surge  occurred  when  the  first  computercontrolled  traffic  lights  were  installed  in  denver,
__label__interactivedisplays colorado,  providing  for  additional  efficiencies  and  new  capabilities  such  as  pressuresensitive  detectors  to  adjust  stop/go  times.  as  seen  in  the  traffic  light  example,  technology  has  been  making  cities  smarter  for  more  than  100  years.  of  course,  measures  of  smarter  are  relative.  advances  in  one  era  are  eventually  viewed  as  obsolete  in  another.  today,  many  facets  of  cities  from  transportation  and  water  management  to  building  design  and  public  safety,  are  viewed  as  ripe  for  reinvention.  inexpensive  computing,  sensors,  and  data  storage,  coupled  with  reasonably  fast  wireless  connectivity  and  a  large  base  of  techsavvy  users  provide  the  foundational  ingredients  for  digitizing  our
__label__interactivedisplays cities.  add  in  cloud  computing,  big  data,  artificial  intelligence,  robotics,  and  a  host  of  other  cuttingedge  technologies  and  a  jetsonslike  future  seems  increasingly  within  reach.  a  comptia  survey  of  federal,  state,  and  local  government  technology  decisionmakers  confirms  a  number  of  established  themes.  even  though  this  data  focuses  on  iot,  many  of  these  elements  could  just  as  easily  apply  to  smart  cities.  connected  and  intelligent  systems  top  the  list  of  words  most  associated  with  iot.  conversely,  this  implies  that  cities  lacking  iotenabled  smarts  remain  digitally  disconnected  and  likely  missing  opportunities  for  efficiency  gains  or  better  service  delivery.  other  terms  associated  with
__label__interactivedisplays iot  include  machinetomachine,  data  streams,  and  futuristic.  these  semantic  opinions  are  certainly  influenced  by  media  coverage  of  iot  and  smart  city  trends.  according  to  the  research,  nearly  7  in  10  government  respondents  report  getting  news  about  these  topics  from  tech  blogs  or  tech  news  websites,  while  32  have  had  internal  discussions  with  colleagues,  and  27  were  exposed  to  information  at  a  conference.  toplevel  awareness  of  iot  among  the  government  audience  stands  at  about  59.  to  put  this  into  context,  awareness  of  3d  printing  84,  drones  81,  and  autonomous  vehicles  76  rate  higher,  while  technologies  such  as  augmented  reality  28  and
__label__interactivedisplays chatbots  22  rate  quite  a  bit  lower  see  appendix  for  more.  with  just  about  any  new  innovation,  the  typical  pattern  is  one  of  low  information  and  confusion  in  the  early  stages,  followed  by  information  gains  and  a  better  understanding  leading  to  more  positive  views.  in  the  case  of  iot,  a  net  73  of  government  respondents  indicate  more  positive  views  today  compared  to  two  years  ago.  the  remaining  27  reported  unchanged  views,  or  a  more  negative  view,  possibly  due  to  increased  concern  over  security  risks.  while  word  associations  lean  towards  the  favorable,  a  few  negatives  do  make  the  list.  fifteen  percent
__label__interactivedisplays of  respondents  associate  iot  with  a  security  disaster  waiting  to  happen,  with  a  similar  percentage  associating  it  with  the  quip  a  solution  looking  for  a  problem.  the  path  to  smarter  cities  will  not  be  a  straight  line  from  point  a  to  point  b.  there  will  be  starts  and  stops,  twists  and  turns  as  the  many  factors  at  play  respond  to  market  and  political  forces.  while  there  are  examples  of  where  smart  city  solutions  can  be  thought  of  as  discrete  products  or  services,  that  is  more  the  exception  than  the  rule.  for  the  same  reason  the  smart  cities  movement  is  so
__label__interactivedisplays fascinating  the  seemingly  limitless  number  of  ideas  for  making  cities  smarter  its  vastness  can  be  quite  daunting.  applying  comptias  iot  ecosystem  framework  to  the  smart  cities  concept  provides  a  mechanism  for  reducing  the  scope  to  more  manageable  subcomponents.  the  four  dimensions  of  the  framework  are:  as  it  pertains  to  smart  cities,  this  may  include  end  points  such  as  street  lights  or  parking  meters,  as  well  as  embedded  sensors  which  could  be  placed  in  pretty  much  anything.  software  sits  at  the  heart  of  any  smart  cities  deployment.  this  may  entail  the  code  used  to  control  devices,  the  platforms  for  aggregating  and
__label__interactivedisplays managing  data,  and  the  mobile  apps  for  realtime  interaction.  cloudbased  softwareasaservice  will  take  a  prominent  role,  but  as  is  often  the  case,  there  will  be  a  need  for  customized  software  development  to  connect  legacy  city  management  systems  through  apis.  while  large,  wellfunded  cities  may  have  extensive  internal  it  expertise  capable  of  managing  smart  city  systems,  most  will  need  the  assistance  of  outside  experts.  this  may  occur  at  the  initial  planning  and  deployment  stages  via  an  it  solutions  provider,  or  via  an  ongoing  relationship  with  a  managed  services  provider  msp  for  daytoday  support  when  troubleshooting,  security,  or  maintenance  issues  arise.  the
__label__interactivedisplays first  component  of  this  category  covers  the  standards  and  protocols  associated  with  any  technological  development.  for  products  to  connect  to  the  internet,  to  one  another,  to  carrier  networks,  and  so  on,  requires  common  standards.  the  process  or  battle  as  some  may  say  for  setting  these  standards  for  iot  and  smart  city  applications  is  well  underway.  industry  groups  such  as  the  allseen  alliance,  open  interconnect  consortium,  thread,  industrial  internet  consortium,  wireless  iot  forum,  and  others  are  working  feverishly  to  develop  standards  to  govern  the  many  interactions  between  hardware,  software,  and  services.  see  the  following  section  and  the  appendix  for  more  on
__label__interactivedisplays the  policy  and  regulatory  landscape.  from  the  research,  government  respondents  have  high  expectations  for  the  value  smart  cities  solutions  will  deliver.  again,  using  iot  as  a  proxy  for  smart  cities,  50  of  respondents  definitely  see  value,  while  39  indicate  probable  value.  among  perceived  benefits,  improved  decisionmaking  through  new  or  better  streams  of  data  ranks  highest.  given  the  many  layers  of  bureaucracy,  agencies,  jurisdictions,  and  constituencies,  the  interest  in  datadriven  decisionmaking  is  not  surprising.  even  small  improvements  in  empowering  government  workers  with  the  right  data  at  the  right  time  can  pay  dividends.  staff  productivity  and  cost  savings  from  operational  efficiencies,  both
__label__interactivedisplays closely  related  to  datadriven  decisionmaking,  rank  second  and  third  as  smart  city  value  proposition  factors.  with  the  number  of  public  sector  employees  remaining  essentially  flat  despite  a  growing  population  38  million  since  2000,  finding  ways  to  improve  staff  productivity  is  critically  important  to  governments  and  constituents.  technology,  however,  is  only  one  piece  of  the  puzzle.  the  alwaysuseful  peopleprocesstechnology  model  provides  this  reminder.  without  sufficient  investments  in  staff  training  and  workflow  optimization,  technology  investments  rarely  reach  their  full  potential.  with  the  many  complexities  and  interdependencies  of  smart  cities  initiatives,  it  will  be  imperative  to  get  the  people  and  process  elements  right.
__label__interactivedisplays note:  the  smart  cities  readiness  guide  from  the  smart  cities  council  provides  a  useful  framework  in  developing  a  smart  cities  roadmap.  touching  on  one  other  adoption  driver,  the  topic  of  revenue,  which  is  an  interesting  subject  as  it  relates  to  smart  cities.  while  city  treasurers  may  be  hopeful  iot  and  smart  city  initiatives  can  generate  revenue,  the  research  suggests  this  is  viewed  as  a  secondary  factor  or  a  longerterm  objective.  this  may  be  a  function  of  how  government  revenue  is  typically  characterized  as  a  tax  or  fee.  while  there  may  be  opportunities  to  collect  revenue  more  efficiently,  government  respondents  are
__label__interactivedisplays likely  very  aware  of  the  political  limits  to  pushing  new  fees  onto  local  residents  or  businesses.  the  other  side  of  the  adoption  equation  consists  of  the  inhibitors  or  concerns  that  could  slow  forward  progress.  starting  with  cost,  which  unsurprisingly  is  ranked  as  a  concern  among  survey  respondents.  beyond  the  upfront  investment,  ongoing  service  fees  are  another  key  variable  in  assessing  iot  and  smart  city  total  cost  of  ownership.  relatively  small  monthly  fees  multiplied  across  many  applications  or  devices  can  quickly  add  up,  especially  if  usage  exceeds  original  projections.  this  operating  expense  approach  opex  may  be  preferable  to  heavy  upfront  capital
__label__interactivedisplays expenditures  capex,  but  city  planners  will  need  to  assess  the  tradeoffs  and  implications  of  these  cost  scenarios.  the  research  confirms  the  astute  observation  of  government  respondents  that  security  and  workforce  will  be  of  paramount  importance.  the  frequency  and  severity  of  security  breaches  targeting  government  entities  has  led  to  a  heightened  sense  of  security  awareness  among  government  staff  at  all  levels  more  on  this  topic  in  the  following  section.  in  these  situations,  cities  will  likely  turn  to  technology  solution  providers  for  assistance.  tech  firms  with  expertise  in  integration,  apis,  cloud  computing,  data,  and  security  will  be  key  to  facilitating  smart  cities
__label__interactivedisplays growth.  expect  concepts  such  as  smart  citiesasaservice  to  gain  traction  as  a  means  for  providing  efficient  and  effective  endtoend  solutions.  with  economies  of  scale,  standardization,  and  commoditization  smart  city  technologies  will  become  more  accessible  and  affordable  over  time.  the  smart  citiesasaservice  approach  brings  it  all  together  into  what  many  city  planners  will  view  as  an  appealing  option.  according  to  a  govtech.com  article  on  smart  city  iot  applications,  the  city  of  houston,  texas,  was  losing  an  estimated  15  of  its  water  15  billion  gallons  each  year  due  to  leaky  pipes.  using  embedded  sensors  and  intelligent  pump  control  systems,  the  city  was
__label__interactivedisplays better  equipped  to  regulate  the  flow  of  water  and  quickly  identify  issues  before  they  became  major  problems.  examples  of  other  waterrelated  problems  addressed  through  smart  city  solutions  include:  water  quality,  irrigation,  stormwater  runoff,  flooding,  and  household  water  management.  the  new  york  state  energy  research  and  development  authority  nyserda  announced  it  will  begin  work  on  a  new  real  time  energy  management  rtem  program.  commercial  buildings,  especially  older  structures,  consume  enormous  amounts  of  energy.  the  new  york  state  program  will  leverage  sensors,  smart  meters,  and  big  data  analytics  to  help  buildings  optimize  their  energy  usage.  beyond  energy  efficiency  at  the  building  or
__label__interactivedisplays household  level,  there  is  a  recognized  need  to  upgrade  the  aging  power  grid.  while  a  massive  undertaking,  smart  grid  technologies  have  the  potential  to  revolutionize  our  nations  approach  to  energy.  the  u.s.  department  of  transportation  recently  selected  columbus,  ohio,  as  the  winner  of  its  smart  city  challenge.  columbus  will  use  part  of  the  40  million  prize  to  deploy  electric  selfdriving  shuttles,  which  will  operate  in  conjunction  with  a  new  rapid  transit  center.  the  system  will  also  enable  better  vehicletovehicle  data  exchange  and  communication  with  traffic  signals  and  other  transportation  infrastructure.  with  traffic  and  parking  frequently  cited  as  major  detriments  to
__label__interactivedisplays a  citys  livability,  many  city  leaders  will  view  this  as  a  good  starting  point  for  smart  city  initiatives.  along  with  lighting,  traffic  or  parking  management  can  be  thought  of  as  smart  city  onramps.  copenhagen,  the  capital  of  denmark,  is  frequently  referenced  as  a  leader  in  the  smart  cities  movement.  as  part  of  its  effort  to  become  the  first  carbonneutral  city  by  2015,  the  city  replaced  more  than  half  of  its  street  lights  with  energy  efficient  smart  led  lights.  the  intelligence  comes  in  the  form  of  sensors  and  connectivity  to  the  citys  network.  this  provides  capabilities  such  as  automatic  dimming  based
__label__interactivedisplays on  time  of  day  or  the  presence  of  a  full  moon,  as  well  as  the  detection  of  walkers  or  bikers  with  a  corresponding  increase  in  brightness  for  added  safety.  other  examples  within  the  public  safety  category  include:  video  surveillance  systems  with  advanced  analytics,  forest  fire  fighting  drones,  and  incident  reporting  and  monitoring  systems  for  citizens.  citisense,  a  consortium  of  14  european  nations,  is  working  to  deploy  a  network  of  citizen  observatories  to  monitor  air  quality  through  wearable  sensors.  similar  crowdsourcing  approaches  to  environmental  monitoring  are  underway  in  beijing  and  several  other  cities.  with  microclimates  and  the  influences  of  ontheground  factors,
__label__interactivedisplays environmental  conditions  can  vary  greatly  from  neighborhood  to  neighborhood  within  a  city.  comprehensive  networks  of  sensors  and  data  analytics  is  a  first  step  in  helping  cities  get  smarter  and  greener.  as  iot  and  smart  cities  move  from  concept  to  reality,  questions  surrounding  the  governments  role  in  these  emerging  markets  become  more  pressing.  eyeopening  incidents  involving  hijacked  cars,  zombie  refrigerators,  or  hacked  power  plants  have  already  made  the  headlines.  there  are  countless  other  scenarios,  many  seemingly  out  of  science  fiction  movies,  that  will  put  governments,  citizens,  and  businesses  to  the  test.  for  many  regulatory  bodies  and  policy  makers,  the  rapid  pace
__label__interactivedisplays of  innovation  has  quickly  eclipsed  their  best  efforts  to  get  out  in  front  of  looming  issues.  while  hearings  or  other  activities  have  taken  place  in  the  u.s.  senate,  the  house  of  representatives,  the  federal  trade  commission  ftc,  the  federal  communications  commission  fcc,  the  department  of  transportation,  the  eu  commission,  as  well  as  other  industry  bodies,  most  issues  remain  unresolved.  somewhat  paradoxically,  private  sector  companies  want  regulatory  clarity  before  pursuing  iot  opportunities,  and  yet,  they  also  express  concern  over  a  rush  to  new  rulemaking.  after  compliance  costs,  this  ranks  as  the  second  greatest  concern  among  private  sector  companies  considering  iot  initiatives
__label__interactivedisplays see  below.  given  the  many  parts  of  iot  and  smart  cities,  new  regulations  in  these  areas  are  especially  prone  to  the  law  of  unforeseen  and  unintended  consequences.  regulatory  and  policy  discussions  will  continue  to  revolve  around  several  core  elements:  security  tops  the  list  of  iot  policy  concerns.  with  the  projected  growth  of  connected  devices  and  the  corresponding  increase  in  potential  vulnerabilities,  especially  in  new  domains  such  as  critical  infrastructure,  the  security  component  of  iot  provokes  a  number  of  thorny  questions.  for  example,  could  security  flaws  be  classified  as  product  defects,  making  connected  cars  or  appliances  subject  to  recalls?  could  support
__label__interactivedisplays and  service  firms,  such  as  it  solution  providers,  electricians,  or  mechanics,  be  held  responsible  for  security  incidents?  could  corporate  boards  of  city  council  members  face  liability  for  security  negligence?  the  research  indicates  about  1  in  3  government  bodies  rate  themselves  as  being  well  equipped  or  very  well  equipped  to  manage  the  security  component  of  iot.  the  ftc  whitepaper,  careful  connections:  building  security  in  the  internet  of  things,  outlines  key  considerations  and  best  practices  for  securing  iot.  this  includes  not  only  the  need  to  build  robust  security  safeguards  into  iot  devices  and  systems  at  the  earliest  stages  of  development,  but  also
__label__interactivedisplays ensuring  ample  resources  are  devoted  to  providing  guidance  and  training  to  all  types  of  users,  whether  they  are  consumers,  small  businesses,  city  employees  or  multinational  corporations.  the  nist  framework  for  improving  critical  infrastructure  cybersecurity  provides  guidance  for  managing  the  unique  security  risks  associated  with  critical  infrastructure.  the  power  grid  is  often  cited  as  the  example  here;  others  include  the  water  supply,  dams,  bridges,  food  supply,  communications,  defense,  and  the  chemical  sector.  closely  related  to  security  is  the  issue  of  data  privacy.  most  users  of  technology  are  not  fully  aware  of  the  extent  to  which  their  personal  data  is  collected,  bought,
__label__interactivedisplays sold  and  used  by  various  parties.  this  could  be  considered  the  tip  of  the  proverbial  iceberg.  in  a  hyperconnected  smart  cities  world,  the  depth  and  breadth  of  data  privacy  concerns  will  greatly  exceed  those  of  today.  of  course,  many  users  willingly  hand  over  certain  data  in  return  for  access  to  services  or  capabilities.  issues  related  to  acceptable  use,  opt  in  vs.  opt  out,  right  to  be  forgotten,  data  breach  notification,  data  ownership,  video  or  drone  surveillance,  facial  recognition,  customer  privacy  bill  of  rights,  and  crossborder  legalities  will  be  of  particular  interest  to  regulators.  while  it  is  impossible  to  know  exactly
__label__interactivedisplays how  the  iot  market  will  evolve  over  the  next  decade,  it  is  fairly  certainly  that  iot  advances  will  strain  existing  spectrum  allocations  as  billions  of  new  wireless  ip  devices  come  online.  when  a  mobile  phone  drops  a  call,  it  is  chalked  up  as  an  annoyance.  should  a  driverless  vehicle  lose  its  connection,  the  consequences  could  be  far  more  severe.  pervasive  and  robust  broadband  coverage  is  a  recognized  need,  which  the  fcc  has  taken  steps  to  promote  through  recent  auctions  of  spectrum  well  suited  for  sending  mobile  signals  over  long  distances.  beyond  commercially  licensed  spectrum,  the  fcc  and  tech  companies  will
__label__interactivedisplays also  need  to  continue  to  evaluate  options  associated  with  unlicensed  or  white  space  spectrum  bands  used  by  wifi  or  bluetooth,  for  example.  as  covered  previously  in  this  paper,  standards  play  a  pivotal  role  in  ensuring  interoperability  and  efficiency  in  iot  and  smart  city  ecosystems.  historically,  many  standards  and  protocols  in  the  tech  space  emerge  from  industryled  efforts,  typically  in  conjunction  with  ansi  or  iso.  in  some  cases,  the  market  can  support  multiple  competing  standards;  while  in  others,  a  single  standard  ultimately  takes  hold.  industry  consortiums,  trade  associations,  standard  setting  bodies,  and  companies  with  sufficient  clout  will  continue  to  hammer  away
__label__interactivedisplays at  establishing  a  marketoptimized  set  of  iot  and  smart  city  standards  and  protocols.  the  intersection  of  iot  and  commerce  has  not  received  as  much  attention  as  other  higher  profile  issues  such  as  security,  but  there  are  a  number  of  policy  questions  in  this  arena  that  will  require  attention.  consider  the  issue  of  data  ownership.  it  is  not  always  clear  who  owns  what.  do  households  own  the  detailed  usage  data  from  water,  gas  and  electric  meters,  or  do  the  utility  companies  own  it?  additionally,  what  are  the  rules  that  govern  third  party  access  to  this  type  of  data  through  apis?  debate
__label__interactivedisplays is  underway  in  states  such  illinois  see  illinois  grapples  with  question  of  who  owns  energy  data  to  sort  through  these  issues,  which  have  potentially  far  reaching  implications  for  iot  commerce.  another  interesting  issue  involves  taxation.  in  most  cases,  iot  products  and  services  will  fall  under  existing  tax  law.  but,  could  iot  facilitate  new  ways  to  assess  or  collect  taxes?  could  a  cashstrapped  state  or  city  decide  to  impose  a  tax  on  certain  types  of  iot  commercial  activities?  could  a  foreign  government  impose  restrictions  on  u.s.  iot  providers  which  act  as  an  import  tax?  these  scenarios  will  undoubtedly  spur  intense  tax
__label__interactivedisplays policy  and  commerce  debates.  many  of  the  early  stage  smart  city  pilot  projects  were  made  possible  because  of  publicprivate  partnerships.  these  arrangements  help  technology  providers  run  proofofconcept  or  beta  tests,  receiving  valuable  feedback  and  insights  into  gotomarket  strategies.  city  leaders  may  get  access  to  technology  they  may  otherwise  not  be  able  to  procure,  as  well  as  a  firsthand  look  at  how  smart  city  technologies  can  be  deployed.  as  initiatives  move  beyond  the  pilot  project  phase,  publicprivate  partnerships  will  evolve  to  best  leverage  each  entitys  strengths.  as  discussed  throughout  this  paper,  any  discussion  of  technology  must  be  accompanied  by  a  discussion
__label__interactivedisplays of  workforce.  this  includes  the  core  it  professionals,  such  as  the  network  engineers,  technology  support  specialist,  software  developers,  and  cybersecurity  experts,  needed  to  keep  systems  running  smoothly,  as  well  as  the  executive  leadership  and  end  users  who  rely  on  technology  for  daytoday  operations.  comptia  research  consistently  shows  the  demand  for  tech  talent  exceeding  the  supply.  with  looming  retirements  and  new  skills  requirements  coming  online,  tech  workforce  challenges  show  no  signs  of  abating.  as  the  smarter  cities  trend  unfolds,  expect  the  workforce  component,  including  training,  certification,  and  professional  development,  to  become  a  more  critical  issue.  comptias  building  smarter  cities  research  brief
__label__interactivedisplays examines  how  federal,  state,  and  local  governments  are  navigating  the  quickly  evolving  internet  of  things  iot  trend,  and  by  extension,  the  smart  cities  trends.  this  brief  focuses  on  three  primary  areas:  the  data  for  this  brief  was  collected  via  an  online  survey  conducted  during  june/july  2016.  a  total  of  172  u.s.  federal,  state,  or  local  government  personnel  with  some  degree  of  technology  decisionmaking  responsibility  participated  in  the  survey.  the  overall  margin  of  sampling  error  at  95  confidence  is  /  7.6  percentage  points.  sampling  error  is  larger  for  subgroups  of  the  data.  as  with  any  survey,  sampling  error  is  only  one
__label__interactivedisplays source  of  possible  error.  while  nonsampling  error  cannot  be  accurately  calculated,  precautionary  steps  were  taken  in  all  phases  of  the  survey  design,  collection  and  processing  of  the  data  to  minimize  its  influence.  comptia  is  responsible  for  all  content  and  analysis.  any  questions  regarding  the  study  should  be  directed  to  comptia  research  and  market  intelligence  staff  at  researchcomptia.org.  comptia  is  a  member  of  the  market  research  association  mra  and  adheres  to  the  mras  code  of  market  research  ethics  and  standards.  for  additional  insights  into  the  iot  and  related  emerging  trends,  see  the  following  reports  and  briefs  available  at  comptia.org:
__label__interactivedisplays the  term  smart  cities  is  nearly  mainstream.  however,  whether  you  live  in  an  international  tech  hub  or  not,  most  people  dont  really  have  a  clue  as  to  whats  going  on  that  is  all  that  smart.  in  this  iot  industry  spotlight  were  going  to  look  through  the  window  dressings  and  peer  into  the  inner  works  of  the  modern  day  smart  city.  well  discuss  how  iot  facilitates  these  advancements,  and  then  point  out  some  innovations  and  insights.  so  buckle  up  for  this  incredible  journey  through  the  industry  that  is  the  smart  city.  or,  about  netburner  iot.  at  the  core  of  smart  cities
__label__interactivedisplays is  a  commitment  by  a  local  government  to  improve  the  citys  quality  of  life,  economic  viability,  and  its  sustainability.  smart  cities  are  urban  areas  where  infrastructure  and  daily  operations  are  monitored  through  a  distributed  network  of  sensor  technologies  aka.  iot  sensors  or  edgenodes.  these  nodes  connect  to  an  information  management  system  via  the  internet.  they  provide  realworld  data  to  better  automate  and  respond  to  conditions  on  the  streets,  to  improve  municipal  services,  and  to  predict  and  prevent  failures  or  hazards.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  if  you  take  a  look  at  the  list  of  the  worlds  top  smart  cities,  its  clear  that  the
__label__interactivedisplays criteria  are  varied  and  that  the  assessments  are  complex  and  somewhat  subjective.  ,  but  heres  the  catch:  everything  is  still  under  development,  so  its  hard  to  say  any  city  is  a  fullblown  smart  city  just  yet  /wp:paragraph  wp:image  id:26917,align:center  smart  city  scoring  systems  reflect  the  complexity  and  subjectivity  of  assessment.  above  shows  a  sample  scorecard  for  the  city  of  london,  ranked  1.  published  by  eden  strategy  institute  and  ong  ong  pte  ltd.  /wp:image  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  its  difficult  to  understand  if  the  growing  wave  in  smart  cities  is  a  response  to  a  practical  need  or  just  an  obsession  with  digitizing
__label__interactivedisplays everything  in  our  world.  is  this  trend  just  greenwashing,  a  utopian  dream,  a  waste  of  money,  or  is  it  a  practical  solution  to  a  real  need?  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  aim  to  better  integrate,  regulate,  optimize,  and  control  the  citys  impact  on  communities  and  the  natural  environment.  motives  and  implementations  vary  but  typically  focus  on  improving  sustainability,  efficiency,  reliability,  safety,  and  quality  of  services  in  relation  to  public  operations,  amenities  and  assets.  for  many  cities,  however,  smart  cities  are  a  means  to  unlock  the  potential  for  economic  growth.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  urban  management  is  a  tricky,  bureaucratic,  and  costly  business.  city
__label__interactivedisplays governments  are  responsible  for  an  incredibly  diverse  set  of  responsibilities.  these  include  public  relations,  strategic  development,  daily  operations,  and  to  some  extent,  socioeconomic  happiness.  a  city  is  trusted  to  provide  and  manage  essential  services  such  as  clean  water,  sewage  treatment,  waste  collection,  schools,  hospitals,  traffic  control,  transportation,  roads,  ports,  libraries,  parks,  policing  and  public  safety,  and  the  list  goes  on.  the  work  is  inherently  complex,  difficult  to  deliver,  highly  siloed  managed  vertically  rather  than  holistically  and  thus  even  harder  to  scale.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  its  a  simple  fact  that  populations  in  urban  are  soaring.  according  to  a  variety  of
__label__interactivedisplays sources,  todays  urban  societies  of  4.22  billion  people  account  for  over  50  of  the  worlds  7.63  billion  population.  by  2050,  that  figure  will  increase  by  50  to  6.6  billion  out  of  a  global  headcount  of  9.77  billion,  for  approximately  of  the  worlds  population.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  with  todays  cities  already  under  considerable  stress,  keeping  pace  with  this  growth  rate  is  a  major  global  predicament.  compound  that  with  the  increasing  challenges  of  sustainability,  public  health,  safety,  social  justice  and  climate  change  and  you  have  an  even  more  significant  problem.  it  is  becoming  apparent  that  iot  and  smart  cities  are  among  the  most
__label__interactivedisplays formidable  solutions  that  city  governments  can  implement.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  attempt  to  affect  and  improve  a  number  of  areas  to  deliver  a  better  experience  for  residents,  businesses,  visitors,  and  the  environment.  a  citys  infrastructure,  modes  of  transportation,  communication  systems,  public  spaces,  and  services  serve  as  the  substrate  for  transformations  and  improvement.  the  deloitte  smart  city  framework  shown  in  the  figure  below  provides  a  visualization  of  the  interaction  of  constituents,  domains,  infrastructure,  and  goals  of  a  smart  city.  /wp:paragraph  wp:image  id:26918,align:center  deloittes  smart  city  framework  depicts  the  complex  interactions  within  the  smart  city.  source  :  deloitte  /wp:image  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph
__label__interactivedisplays smart  cities  are  highly  complex  ecosystems.  the  leaders  in  the  field  are  finding  ways  to  analyze  and  layer  data  from  a  multitude  of  sources  to  better  understand  and  manage  operations.  iot  is  undoubtedly  one  of  the  primary  ingredients,  but  leading  implementations  work  to  leverage  that  and  more.  here  are  some  of  those  other  elements  that  make  up  this  rich  and  complex  recipe.  /wp:paragraph  wp:list  /wp:list  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  embrace  a  new  paradigm  where  government  moves  away  from  unilateral  management.  taking  its  place  is  greater  collaboration  between  agencies,  municipalities,  businesses,  citizens,  and  other  stakeholders  to  better  tackle  current  and
__label__interactivedisplays future  urban  challenges  and  opportunities.  to  a  large  extent,  this  is  due  to  improved  data  collection  and  digital  connectivity.  according  to  deloitte,  it  all  boils  down  to  smart  cities  focus  on  improving  peoples  quality  of  life,  environmental  sustainability,  and  local  economic  competitiveness  to  attract  talent.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  perhaps  one  of  the  most  intriguing  impacts  that  a  smart  city  has  is  to  allow  a  diverse  set  of  stakeholders  to  gauge  the  issues  it  faces  based  on  real  data.  this  collective  understanding  allows  for  better,  more  informed  decision  making,  smarter  solutions,  innovation,  and  community  collaboration  towards  urban  needs  and  problems.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading
__label__interactivedisplays /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  just  like  most  industries  implementing  iot  and  other  smart  solutions,  there  obstacles  and  areas  for  careful  implementation.  however,  in  the  realm  of  smart  cities  the  challenge  might  be  more  significant.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  encounter  issues  with  security,  hardware  and  software  interoperability  and  compatibility,  system  adaptability,  data  connectivity,  and  scalability.  getting  all  of  these  spoton  requires  extensive  understanding  and  coordination  with  numerous  internal  systems,  3rd  party  systems,  partners,  institutions,  and  agencies.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  if  we  approach  smart  cities  complexity  from  an  iotonly  standpoint,  there  are  already  hundreds  of  products  out  there.  these  do  various  things
__label__interactivedisplays like  measure  leaks,  clockin  and  out  employees,  open  doors,  control  hvac  or  lighting,  etc.  each  device  may  have  different  protocols,  interfaces,  and  security  standards,  making  integration  and  interoperability  a  massive  feat.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  aim  to  integrate  these  publicly  and  privately  owned  devices  to  make  better  decisions  on  how  to  operate  and  develop  the  city.  this  a  major  reason  why  publicprivate  partnerships  are  central  to  the  smart  city  strategy  in  part  so  that  vendors  understand  the  best  ways  to  design  and  build  their  products.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  will  require  greater  access  to  data  from  the
__label__interactivedisplays streets,  offices,  factories,  ports,  schools,  and  even  personal  devices  to  optimize  city  operations.  this  level  of  access  introduces  serious  issues  concerning  malevolent  threats  of  cyberterrorism,  data  privacy  and  security,  data  ownership,  regulation,  and  compliance.  smart  cities  may  be  the  largest  and  most  complex  of  the  industries  dealing  with  these  challenges.  new  ways  to  firewall,  anonymize,  authorize,  track,  and  secure  private  data  and  devices  will  need  continuous  innovation.  budding  technologies,  like  blockchain  and  quantum  computing,  may  be  part  of  the  solution.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  according  to  iotanalytics  research,  funding  is  considered  the  most  significant  major  barrier  to  the  realization
__label__interactivedisplays of  a  smart  city.  scaled  iot  architectures  bear  a  high  cost  in  implementation,  capital  equipment,  and  overhead.  it  takes  a  solid  strategy  and  execution  to  chip  away  at  the  various  projects  and  facets  which  create  a  holistic  smart  city  that  delivers  tangible  value.  publicprivate  partnerships  and  collaboration  are  perhaps  the  greatest  tools  to  define  requirements  and  fund  implementation.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  city  politics  and  siloed  municipal  bureaucracies  make  implementing  smart  cities  a  major  social  task.  there  must  be  a  clear  business  case  and  value  proposition  combined  with  demand  from  the  public  and  private  sectors  to  spur  progress  and
__label__interactivedisplays investment.  furthermore,  the  practice  of  hoarding  data  and  programs  in  siloed  offices  conflicts  with  the  implementation  of  a  working  smart  city.  aside  from  funding  this  may  be  the  most  difficult  challenge  area.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  design  is  critical  for  a  smart  city.  security  and  futureproofing  must  be  built  into  the  architecture.  keeping  up  with  the  latest  technologies  and  vulnerabilities  is  essential,  as  is  a  way  to  easily  integrate  improvements  and  updates.  as  with  any  scaled  iot  solution,  remote  upkeep  and  maintenance  of  the  networks  firmware,  software  and  protocols  is  a  must.  finally,  selecting  suitable  sensors  that  can
__label__interactivedisplays collect  reliable  and  accurate  data  in  the  required  environmental  conditions  is  critical.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  the  scope  of  a  smart  city  is  so  much  larger  than  just  about  any  other  smart  industry.  because  of  geography,  specific  constraints,  and  requirements,  smart  city  implementations  vary  greatly.  this  complexity  has  also  slowed  the  process  of  design  standardization.  currently,  standards  are  just  being  released.  examples  are  iso  37112  and  iso  37120,  but  they  only  provide  guidance  on  the  indicators  for  a  smart  city.  while  just  the  beginning,  its  certainly  a  good  start  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  are  a  systems  of
__label__interactivedisplays systems  of  systems.  well  cover  some  of  the  major  application  areas  which  are  industries  unto  themselves.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  smart  cities  offer  an  improved  capacity  to  report  emergencies,  hazards,  and  other  conditions  that  impact  peoples  health  and  safety.  data  can  be  shared  with  commercial  mobile  applications  and  telecom  providers  to  better  inform  people.  our  emergency  report  systems,  911  and  311,  which  allow  citizens  to  report  emergencies,  hazards  and  nonlife  threatening  events,  are  being  integrated  with  iot  and  communication  networks.  doing  so  will  enable  them  to  alert  the  appropriate  first  responders  and  dynamically  reroute  traffic  or  control  particular  safety
__label__interactivedisplays systems.  this  also  reduces  strain  on  the  human  resources  required  to  deal  with  lifethreatening  emergencies.  cities  like  san  jose,  california  and  boston,  massachusetts  are  some  of  the  cities  leading  the  way.  ,  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  using  an  iot  system,  gas  and  water  pipes  can  be  monitoring  to  detect  leaks,  blockages  or  other  faults.  the  data  collected  by  iot  sensors  can  also  be  used  for  preventative  maintenance  to  reduce  the  cost  and  severity  of  repairs  proactively.  this  provides  benefits  in  safety,  public  health,  operational  costs,  and  sustainability.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  water  and  air  quality  can  be  actively  monitored  in  a  multitude  of  indoor
__label__interactivedisplays and  outdoor  locations  with  iot  to  improve  the  environment  and  public  health  of  a  city.  iotbased  monitoring  will  also  be  important  to  understand  problem  areas,  track  progress,  and  determine  if  goals  are  being  reached.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  perhaps  buildings  define  the  urban  landscape  more  than  anything  else.  they  house  people,  businesses,  hospitals,  shops,  transportation  hubs,  factories,  schools,  public  infrastructure,  you  name  it  there  are  smart  technology  niches  for  just  about  any  building  out  there.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  automating  their  functions  and  tying  them  in  to  a  smart  city  using  iot  is  a  significant  component  of  the  smart  city  strategy.
__label__interactivedisplays the  design  space  in  a  building  can  cover  a  variety  of  systems,  often  including  heating  and  cooling,  fire  and  security,  electric  and  gas  metering,  and  lighting.  smart  buildings  allow  for  more  efficient,  reduced  carbon  footprint  cities.  they  collect  realtime  data  to  make  better  daily  operational  and  policylevel  decisions.  honeywell  and  nest  are  big  players  in  this  space.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  efficiently  and  safely  providing  reliable  gas,  electric,  and  water  is  essential  to  the  success  of  a  city  and  its  people.  the  implementation  of  iot  smart  utility  meters  in  buildings,  for  example,  allows  electric  utilities  to  get  realtime  load
__label__interactivedisplays measurements  and  thus  prevent  costly  brownouts  with  dynamic  loadbalancing.  future  hvac  systems  may  someday  accept  smart  city  commands  to  temporarily  reduce  power  draw  in  order  to  keep  a  city  online  during  peak  periods  of  demand.  smart  buildings  and  the  iot  devices  within  them  can  be  used  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions  and  save  building  owners  money.  companies,  such  as  ,  manufacture  iot  smart  meters.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  the  increase  of  rooftop  solar  and  smart  meters  has  allowed  for  to  supplement  utilityscale  power  generation.  smart  meters  provide  utility  operators  with  real  time  data  that  allows  them  to  reduce  power  generation  with  gas
__label__interactivedisplays or  coal  when  conditions  are  right.  this  reduction  saves  money  and  lowers  emissions.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  street  lights  consume  up  to  40  of  the  citys  public  electricity  budget.  upgrading  to  smart  street  lights  is  considered  a  lowrisk,  highreturn  project  for  the  emerging  smart  city.  this  is  perhaps  one  of  the  more  developed  niches  in  the  industry,  with  a  multitude  of  industrial  solutions  providers  like  itron,  and  intellilight.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  smart  street  lights  use  sensors  to  detect  ambient  light  and  vehicle  or  pedestrian  motion  and  then  turn  on  or  off  as  needed.  these  lights  become  iot  when  they  connect
__label__interactivedisplays to  a  central  management  system.  the  system  will  be  able  to  analyze  data  better  and  more  effectively  control  individual  lights  or  groups  of  lights  depending  on  activity  and  strategy.  according  to  itron,  smart  street  lights  provide  a  city  with  up  to  a  50  savings  on  electricity  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  getting  people  and  materials  rapidly  and  reliably  from  pointtopoint  directly  impacts  the  quality  of  life,  the  productivity  of  businesses,  and  the  environment.  we  are  seeing  electric  vehicle  offerings,  smart  mobility,  and  ridesharing  applications  beginning  to  have  a  prominent  role  in  society.  when  integrated  with  an  overall  smart  city  and
__label__interactivedisplays its  existing  transportation  system,  these  can  reduce  traffic,  pollution  and  save  money.  smart  transportation  allows  public  transportation  routes  to  dynamically  adjust  based  on  demand,  capacity,  and  traffic  conditions.  iot  is  critical  for  the  monitoring  and  control  of  this  interconnected  system.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  roads,  bridges,  railways,  and  ports  are  vital  components  of  what  makes  cities  work.  iot  is  used  to  monitor  the  health  and  usage  of  these  arteries.  sensor  data  can  be  used  to  detect  damage  before  catastrophic  failure.  they  can  also  monitor  traffic,  accidents  or  hazards  and  provide  early  alerts  for  commuters  and  first  responders.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  smart  traffic  control
__label__interactivedisplays allows  for  traffic  lights  to  adjust  dynamically  based  on  realtime  conditions.  road  signs  can  even  dynamically  update  with  detours  or  advisories.  companies,  like  ,  are  currently  working  on  smart  traffic  control  solutions.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  parking  a  car  is  never  fun  or  easy  in  most  cities.  smart  parking  systems  are  being  used  to  monitor  the  available  capacity  of  parking  lots  and  locate  spots  for  drivers  on  the  road.  this  allows  drivers  to  quickly  find  and  reserve  a  spot  and  get  to  their  destination  faster,  and  thus  save  gas,  reduce  emissions  and  ease  traffic  congestion.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  iot  plays
__label__interactivedisplays an  important  part  in  detecting  empty  spots  and  sharing  that  information  with  applications  and  management  systems.  the  technology  also  allows  parking  lot  owners  to  sell  their  service  more  easily,  so  its  a  winwin.  there  are  several  smart  parking  companies  like  and  ,  which  currently  provide  solutions  ready  for  use  in  smart  cities.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  /wp:heading  wp:paragraph  its  becoming  clear  that  providing  for  security,  protocol  flexibility,  and  apis  to  better  integrate  with  the  evolving  smart  city  ecosystem  is  a  winning  strategy.  smart  cities  represent  a  fascinating  vertically  integrated  market  and  are  perhaps  one  of  the  biggest  opportunities  out  there.  as  mentioned
__label__interactivedisplays earlier,  with  an  evergrowing  world  population  and  over  70  of  people  living  in  urban  areas  by  2050,  there  is  an  urgent  need  for  solutions  to  make  living  in  cities  sustainable  and  enjoyable.  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  it  seems  safe  to  say  that  smart  cities  are  not  just  another  excuse  to  sell  microchips  and  cloud  services.  they  have  a  legitimate  and  somewhat  lofty  ambition  to  put  people  and  the  environment  at  the  center  of  how  and  why  cities  work.  while  we  havent  been  able  to  deem  this  a  utopian  dream  just  yet,  there  seems  to  be  an  incredible  potential  to  provide  real  value.
__label__interactivedisplays as  a  bunch  of  embedded  engineers  and  enthusiasts,  were  just  pumped  knowing  that  iot  is  one  of  the  major  enablers  of  this  exciting  new  world  /wp:paragraph  wp:paragraph  wed  love  to  hear  from  you,  especially  if  you  are  lucky  enough  to  live  in  one  of  the  leading  smart  cities  around  the  world.  /wp:paragraph  wp:heading  level:3  /wp:heading  wp:list  /wp:list  related  get  monthly  updates  from  our  learn  blog  with  the  latest  in  iot  and  embedded  technology  news,  trends,  tutorial  and  best  practices.  or  just  opt  in  for  product  change  notifications.  required  fields  are  marked  designed  and  manufactured  with  care  in  san  diego,  usa.
__label__interactivedisplays 2019  netburner  we  use  cookies  to  improve  the  user  experience  and  for  occasional  remarketing  efforts.  please  click  the  i  agree  button  to  consent,  otherwise,  please  navigate  away  from  this  page.  heres  a  link  to  our  .  placeholder  content  for  popup  link
__label__interactivedisplays many  people  continue  moving  to  urban  centers  for  all  kinds  of  different  reasons.  the  logic  and  reasoning  may  include  looking  for  employment,  seeking  a  change  in  lifestyle  and  a  variety  of  reasons  that  couldnt  possibly  be  listed,  let  alone  guessed.  as  migration  from  rural  to  urban  areas  increases,  cities  must  become  efficient  if  they  want  to  support  the  increasing  populations.  as  such,  we  all  become  smarter  with  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  so  do  cities.  smart  cities  will  become  a  norm  in  major  metropolitan  areas  in  the  world;  its  all  about  connectivity  which  will  ultimately  change  our  communities.  well,
__label__interactivedisplays use  iot  internet  of  things  devices  like  connected  lights,  meters  and  sensors  to  collect  and  analyze  data.  the  cities  make  to  improve  public  utilities,  infrastructures  and  improve  for  their  residents.  governmental  agencies  should  consider  adopting  a  smart  city  concept  in  their  urban  areas.  implementing  in  support  of  smart  city  components  allows  iot  to  reach  optimum  sustainable  levels.  smart  cities  make  use  of  different  technologies  to  raise  performance.  greater  achievements  in  health,  energy,  sanitation,  education  and  performance  change  and  are  enhanced  to  improve  comfort  levels  for  their  citizens.  one  of  the  common  technologies  with  a  potential  to  improve  smart  city  services
__label__interactivedisplays is  the  big  data  analytics.  as  time  goes  by,  digitization  becomes  an  essential  aspect  of  everyday  life.data  collection  results  in  an  accumulation  of  huge  data  amounts  and  the  diverse  data  can  be  used  in  each  of  the  differing  city  application  domains  listed  above.  effective  analysis  and  utilization  of  the  big  data  is  essential  for  the  success  of  the  smart  city  domain  in  influencing  all  sectors  of  business  under  city  jurisdiction.  construction  engineers  and  managers  are  looking  for  ways  to  incorporate  iot  solutions  into  their  architectural  designs.  in  this  way,  theyll  be  able  to  reduce  the  project  costs  and  increase  the
__label__interactivedisplays quality  of  the  infrastructure.  for  instance,  a  recent  study  in  the  united  states  intimate  that  at  least  60  percent  of  building  managers  are  conversant  with  iot  technology.  in  fact,  43  percent  believe  that  iot  will  be  shaping  how  they  construct  and  operate  their  buildings  in  the  next  few  years.  one  area  with  massive  potential  for  growth  is  in  lighting.  building  managers  are  more  likely  to  change  from  conventional  lighting  methods  to  led  bulbs  in  the  attempt  to  save  on  energy  and  money.  elevators  are  another  area  that  needs  greater  efficiency.  a  research  by  ibm  shows  that  people  waited  for  22.5
__label__interactivedisplays years  for  lifts  during  their  lifetime.  as  a  result,  the  elevator  market  is  likely  to  grow  to  about  23b  in  by  next  year  2020.  the  biggest  application  of  iot  in  architecture  and  infrastructure  is  the  use  of  smart  grids.  these  grids  can  help  considerably  to  conserve  resources.  the  european  commission  expects  72  percent  of  all  consumers  in  eu  will  have  smart  electricity  meters  in  their  homes  by  the  end  of  2020.  at  least  40  percent  will  be  having  a  smart  gas  meter  in  the  same  year.  amsterdam,  for  instance,  has  been  offering  solar  panels  and  energy  storage  units  for  households
__label__interactivedisplays connected  to  citys  smart  grid.  with  these  batteries  holding  panels,  home  owners  can  relieve  stress  on  the  grid  at  peak  hours  by  storing  energy  and  using  from  the  storage  at  peak  usage  times.  education  is  the  backbone  of  every  society.  information  and  communication  technology  helps  enhance  the  educational  efficiency,  effectiveness  and  productivity  using  smart  educational  services.these  services  are  intelligent  and  flexible  and  offer  maximum  use  of  information  enhancing  control  and  assessment.  using  smart  education  applications  helps  engage  people  in  active  learning  environment.  all  these  allow  learners  to  adapt  to  rapid  changes  in  the  environment  and  society.in  addition,  relying  on  big
__label__interactivedisplays data  that  has  been  collected  and  processed  in  the  field  will  help  to  generate  required  information.  all  these  have  a  positive  effect  on  teaching/learning  tools  to  acquire  and  deliver  knowledge.  technology  can  avail  everywhere  including  rural  and  remote  areas  especially  where  commuting  to  learning  institutions  may  be  impossible.  at  times,  the  economic  status  of  people  in  some  areas  doesnt  allow  them  to  afford  other  expensive  education  models.  using  big  data  and  ict  technology  will  create  a  knowledge  based  economy.  all  these  help  enhance  the  nations  capacity  and  competitiveness.educational  big  data,  is  generated  by  collecting  data  from  people.  the  data  is
__label__interactivedisplays collected  from  students,  teachers,  parents,  administrators,  infrastructure,  and  economic  surveys.  the  data  can  help  deduce  useful  trends  and  reports  and  uses  them  to  create  models  that  facilitate  a  better  and  increasingly  enhanced  education.  it  has  been  useful  in  identifying  and  observing  educational  shortages  to  enhance  learning  curriculums.  a  major  aspect  of  smart  cities  is  how  well  they  control  their  traffic  flow  within  the  town.  all  these  additional  enhancements  of  the  transportation  systems  improves  the  overall  traffic  pattern  flow  within  the  city.with  an  increase  in  population,  pollution,  and  traffic  economic  problems  are  likely  to  happen.  due  to  economics  most  smart  cities
__label__interactivedisplays makes  use  of  smart  traffic  signs  and  signals  to  deal  with  huge  traffic  and  congestions.  this  control  in  turn  cuts  down  on  the  pollution  involved  in  sitting  at  signal  lights  for  a  length  of  time.  all  timing  in  traffic  can  improve  with  smart  traffic  lights.  for  efficient  results,  smart  traffic  lights  and  their  signals  need  to  be  interconnected  across  the  entire  traffic  grid.  this  connectivity  helps  to  offer  more  insights  and  information  about  traffic  lights  and  patterns.each  of  these  sensors  detect  a  varied  parameter  of  traffic  flow.  such  information  includes  the  number  of  cars,  their  speed,  and  waiting  time  at
__label__interactivedisplays the  lights  as  well  as  any  traffic  jams.  the  systems  will  then  make  decisions  depending  on  the  respective  values  of  each  parameter.  the  higher  the  availability  of  data,  the  more  informed  the  decisions  of  the  smart  city  capabilities.  in  order  for  the  smart  traffic  system  to  work  to  greatest  efficiency,  it  needs  to  collect  data  from  all  traffic  lights  in  the  city.  the  smart  city  information  will  then  be  able  to  make  an  intelligent  decision  that  depends  on  this  changing  data.  traffic  patterns,  as  well  as  all  other  data  in  a  city  are  forever  changing  some  times  the  changes  are
__label__interactivedisplays minute  by  minute  and  can  be  taken  into  consideration  an  acted  upon  by  smart  city  automation.  the  potential  for  smart  cities  is  limitless.  further,  the  growth  of  these  cities  will  only  accelerate  in  the  coming  years.  when  evaluating  based  on  big  data,  its  important  to  address  special  requirements  that  address  the  special  nature  of  smart  cities.  for  instance,  data  capturing  and  collection  from  users,  sensors,  and  electronic  data  readers  as  data  volume  grows.  storing,  processing  and  organizing  this  data  is  crucial  in  generating  useful  results  for  the  coming  issues  on  this  topic.  essentially,  for  any  system  to  work,  its  important
__label__interactivedisplays to  select  a  number  of  developmental  designs  and  priorities  in  a  planned  manner.  in  this  way,  youll  be  able  to  generate  more  interconnections  and  intelligence  to  keep  your  smart  city  running  smoothly  and  with  the  best  results  for  your  community.  richard  parker  is  senior  writer  at  https://www.equities.com/user/richard  https://www.theselfemployed.com/profile/richardparker/  .  he  covers  industryspecific  topics  such  as  entrepreneurship,  data/security,  startups,  industrial,  growth  equity  community,  smart  cities,  connected  devices  smart  homes.
__label__interactivedisplays we  truly  apologize  that  this  error  has  occurred.  we  take  these  matters  very  seriously  and  ask  for  your  help  in  notifying  us  of  the  problem.  please  email  us  at  digitalsecurityavnet.com,  using  reference  number:  thank  you  in  advance  for  your  assistance  in  resolving  this  issue.  avnet  customer  care
__label__interactivedisplays get  the  latest  insights  from  samsung  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  follow  us  get  the  latest  insights  from  samsung  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  get  your  free  guide  to  improving  government  messaging  with  digital  signage.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  showing  no  signs  of  slowing  down.  according  to  ,  the  iot  market  will  grow  from  2.7  billion  in  2015  to  7.1  billion  in  2020.  the  iots  effects  are  being  felt  across  a  wide  array  of  industries,  and  its  set  to  transform  how  cities  operate.  smart  city  initiatives  will  lead  to  vast  changes  in  areas  as  diverse  as  water  management,
__label__interactivedisplays energy  conservation,  transportation,  public  safety  and  the  environment.  a  recent  study  by  the  comptia  found  that  89  percent  of  respondents  believe  that  iot  and  smart  city  technology  would  definitely  or  probably  add  value  by  bringing  different  aspects  of  a  city  into  a  unified  whole.  the  estimates  that  1  trillion  is  being  spent  annually  on  smart  city  initiatives  such  as  selfdriving  vehicles,  smart  traffic  lights  and  wifi  accessible  bike  sharing  and  cycling  lanes.  in  october  2016,  the  u.s.  government  announced  a  further  80  million  in  funding  for  its  ongoing  smart  cities  initiative  for  participating  cities.  smart  city  technology  is  also  being
__label__interactivedisplays developed  globally:  samsung  and  sk  telecom  have  teamed  up  to  build  .  this  infrastructure  will  provide  renewable  energy  solutions,  cloud  platforms  and  big  data  analytics  for  such  needs  as  healthcare  and  medical  services,  and  for  autonomous  and  electric  vehicles.  learn  why  cities  around  the  globe  are  investing  in  smart  technology.  a  number  of  technology  developments  are  making  smart  city  advancements  possible.  to  date,  many  initiatives  related  to  smart  cities  have  been  for  indoor  use  cases,  primarily  in  smart  homes  and  offices,  which  estimated  will  rise  to  81  percent  of  total  connected  things  in  use  by  2020.  in  such  use  cases,
__label__interactivedisplays iot  devices  tend  to  be  deployed  in  shortrange  networks.  however,  many  uses  for  iot  devices  that  are  envisaged  for  smart  city  initiatives  require  wider  coverage  networks  for  outdoor  deployments.  in  response,  a  new  set  of  technologies  called  lpwa  iot  networks  have  been  deployed.  these  can  be  used  for  efficiently  communicating  generally  small  amounts  of  data  across  a  wide  area.  to  reduce  operating  and  maintenance  costs,  lpwa  devices  are  equipped  with  batteries  that  have  a  long  battery  life  generally  around  10  years.  examples  of  where  lpwa  devices  will  prove  their  worth  include  smart  metering  for  electricity  and  gas,  and  smart  tracking
__label__interactivedisplays of  vehicles.  in  2015,  identified  lpwa  networks  as  being  one  of  the  most  farreaching  developments  in  iot  networks.  another  requirement  for  iot  networks  is  a  platform  that  provides  endtoend  connectivity  for  iot  devices,  from  hardware  such  as  processors  and  wireless  radios,  to  the  backend  software  infrastructure  for  building  connected  devices.  one  example  is  the  ,  which  provides  secure  cloudbased  services  for  iot  requirements,  making  it  easier  and  more  convenient  to  connect  the  various  devices  together.  the  developments  will  help  make  the  vision  of  connected  homes,  cities,  manufacturing  and  much  more  a  reality.  presently,  the  lions  share  of  investment  is  being
__label__interactivedisplays made  in  smart  homes  and  offices  as  part  of  the  drive  toward  smart  cities.  there  are  a  number  of  already  underway  in  the  u.s.,  including  in  san  diego,  chicago  and  texas,  which  could  bring  greater  convenience  to  citizens  worldwide  and  improve  the  lives  of  many.  the  internet  of  things  is  poised  to  not  only  transform  cities,  but  also  businesses  from  a  number  of  different  industries.  learn  how  the  unlimited  connectivity  delivered  by  the  iot  can  .  posts  by  fran  howarth  is  an  industry  analyst  specializing  in  security.  she  has  worked  within  the  security  technology  sector  for  over  25  years  as
__label__interactivedisplays an  analyst,  consultant  and  writer.  fran  focuses  on  the  business  needs  for  security  technologies,  with  a  focus  on  emerging  technology  sectors.  current  areas  of  focus  include  mobile  security,  cloud  security,  information  governance  and  data  security,  identity  and  access  management,  network  and  endpoint  security,  security  intelligence  and  analytics,  and  security  governance  and  regulations.  follow  fran  on  twitter:  download  this  white  paper  for  a  comprehensive,  stepbystep  guide  to  planning  and  deploying  a  cyod  initiative  at  your  company.  the  simple  and  most  compelling  argument  for  8k  monitors  boils  down  to  more  pixels,  better  visuals.  digital  transformation  promises  cost  and  time  savings  to  businesses
__label__interactivedisplays of  any  size.  discover  the  benefits  of  going  paperless.  our  solution  architects  are  ready  to  collaborate  with  you  to  address  your  biggest  business  challenges.  copyright  19952019  samsung  all  rights  reserved.  posts  on  this  site  reflect  the  personal  views  of  each  author  and  do  not  necessarily  represent  the  views  and  opinions  of  samsung  electronics  america.  regular  contributors  may  be  compensated  for  their  time  and  expertise.
__label__interactivedisplays internet  of  things  technology  is  known  to  much  of  the  public  through  the  development  of  smart  home  technology,  which  allows  consumers  to  control  their  appliances,  listen  to  music  and  shop  by  using  their  voice  with  an  increasingly  sophisticated  technology  that  learns  natural  language.  however,  iot  is  being  deployed  across  the  country,  and  to  major  cities  around  the  globe,  to  help  improve  major  transportation  systems,  reduce  traffic,  increase  security  and,  in  some  cases,  save  lives  through  the  implementation  of  automated  security,  street  lighting  and  even  flood  control.  the  initiatives  are  part  of  an  effort  by  governments  and  industries  to  create  ,
__label__interactivedisplays which  will  automate  many  projects,  ranging  from  local  web  access  to  garbage  collection,  in  a  way  that  helps  cities  reduce  congestion,  speed  local  car  and  rail  traffic  and  link  major  commercial  and  residential  buildings.  a  july  report  from  international  data  corp.  shows  that  investment  is  expected  to  nearly  double  over  the  next  few  years,  with  expenditures  rising  from  81  billion  in  2018  to  158  billion  by  2022.  the  three  largest  use  cases  include  upgrades  to  fixed  visual  surveillance  and  public  transit  systems,  as  well  as  intelligent  lighting  systems.  intelligent  transportation  and  datadriven  public  safety  remain  the  largest  investment  areas,  the
__label__interactivedisplays report  said.but  we  are  also  finding  significant  pockets  of  spending  and  growth  in  back  office  and  platformrelated  use  cases,  which  are  often  less  publicized,  but  increasingly  happening  behind  the  scenes  in  cities  around  the  world.  according  to  the  report,  the  u.s.  is  the  top  country  for  smart  city  spending,  with  23  billion  being  spent  this  year.  singapore,  tokyo,  new  york,  london  and  shanghai  are  leading  cities  in  spending  this  year.  among  the  major  smart  city  deployments,  both  new  york  and  london  are  participating  in  a  major  rollout  of  connected  sidewalk  kiosks,  which  will  replace  existing  phone  booths  and  offer  residents
__label__interactivedisplays free  wifi  access,  device  charging  and  tablets  with  maps  and  city  information.  the  project  expanded  to  newark  earlier  this  year.  ,  the  third  largest  transit  system  in  the  u.s.,  has  launched  a  pilot  program  to  test  the  use  of  handheld  scanners  to  collect  fares  and  get  realtime  transit  information  that  can  be  relayed  to  commuters.  the  transit  system,  which  connects  commuters  from  new  york  city  all  the  way  into  the  trentonphiladelphia  corridor,  has  been  plagued  by  system  delays  and  overcrowding.  this  has  led  to  a  push  to  create  an  additional  underground  tunnel  under  the  hudson  river,  which  would  connect  new
__label__interactivedisplays jersey  residents  to  the  new  york  city  subway  system  and  other  points.  in  quebec,  canada,  the  rseau  de  transport  de  longueuil  is  working  with  groupe  xtelia  inc.  and  technople  ivo,  and  have  codeveloped  technology  that  is  being  used  in  a  pilot  project  where  iot  technology  is  used  for  digital  signs,  powered  by  solar  panels  and  wireless  networks,  on  public  bus  shelters.  the  digital  signs  give  riders  realtime  information  on  bus  arrivals  and  departure  times,  and  are  being  analyzed  over  a  sixmonth  period  to  see  whether  they  help  create  more  efficient  scheduling.  groupe  xtelia  uses  lora  wireless  sensors  which  have  been
__label__interactivedisplays deployed  in  various  smart  city  projects,  ranging  from  smart  parking  to  waste  management  and  measuring  air  and  water  pollution.  the  technology  can  run  for  up  to  a  decade  on  a  single  small  battery,  and  allows  for  communication  of  up  to  1.5  kilometers  in  urban  areas  and  15  kilometers  in  rural  areas.  the  technology  is  also  much  less  expensive  than  similar  links  using  cellular  devices.  last  september,  groupe  xtelia  launched  a  program  to  deploy  smart  parking  sensors  across  in  an  effort  to  optimize  parking  in  the  area  and  help  citizens  more  easily  find  available  spaces.  the  sensors  now  cover  an  area
__label__interactivedisplays around  montreal  that  impacts  about  1.1  million  people,  and  the  firm  is  working  to  deploy  the  technology  across  the  entire  province  of  quebec  by  the  end  of  2018.  technople  ivo  is  involved  in  a  number  of  other  smart  transitrelated  projects,  ranging  from  pedestrian  street  crossings  to  smart  garbage  can  collection,  as  well  as  automatic  detection  of  potholes.  our  data  and  analytics  team  has  developed  a  number  of  creative  methodologies  and  frameworks  that  measure  and  benchmark  the  innovation  thats  reshaping  the  payments  and  commerce  ecosystem.  in  the  ,  pymnts  talks  with  dan  wheeler,  svp,  on  how  the  qsr  balances  security  and
__label__interactivedisplays seamlessness  to  secure  its  recently  launched  wahlclub  loyalty  program.  get  our  hottest  stories  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  the  pymnts.com  newsletter  to  get  updates  on  top  stories  and  viral  hits.  2019  whats  next  media  and  analytics
__label__interactivedisplays u.s.  networking  giant  cisco  signed  two  agreements  with  the  international  center  for  entrepreneurship  and  technology  and  gift  in  gujarat,  india,  for  setting  up  an  internet  of  things  innovation  hub  and  a  smart  city  project,  indian  press  reported.  the  initiative  is  set  to  use  ciscos  intellectual  property  in  the  areas  of  iot,  mobile  technology,  applications,  cloud  computing  and  data  analytics.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked
__label__interactivedisplays for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__interactivedisplays in  2011,  barcelona  was  one  of  the  first  european  cities  to  implement  datadriven,  smart  city  technologies  to  improve  its  services.  the  city  invested  heavily  in  infrastructure,  including  an  extensive  internet  of  things  iot  sensor  network  collecting  data  about  transportation,  energy,  and  air  quality,  over  500  km  of  fiber  optic  infrastructure,  and  an  extensive  wifi  network.  in  2015,  new  mayor  ada  colau  took  the  smart  city  initiative  in  a  new  direction.  colau,  a  housing  activist,  set  a  goal  of  democratizing  smart  city  infrastructure,  with  a  vision  of  a  smart  city  developed  by  the  people,  for  the  people.  francesca  bria,  a  technologist
__label__interactivedisplays who  specializes  in  social  innovation  and  acted  as  an  for  the  european  commission,  was  recruited  in  2015  as  the  citys  cto.  brias  charter  was  to  rethink  the  smart  city  from  the  ground  up,  focusing  on  what  it  can  do  to  serve  the  people,  instead  of  a  technology  push  agenda.  under  the  leadership  of  colau  and  bria,  barcelona  created  several  platforms  for  citizens  to  participate  in  the  technology  and  policy  of  the  smart  city:  barcelona  has  implemented  several  technological  and  community  innovations  that  improve  city  operations  and  quality  of  life.  barcelona  citizens  can  use  a  variety  of  apps  to  remain  updated,
__label__interactivedisplays connected,  and  to  better  utilize  services.  among  these  apps  are:  in  a  recent  on  smart  cities,  barcelona  ranks  behind  many  other  smart  cities  in  terms  of  the  number  of  applications,  awareness,  and  usage  of  digital  services.  however,  this  hides  the  fact  that  barcelona  created  a  unique  model  of  participation  between  the  public  and  private  sectors.  barcelona  is  actively  involving  citizens  both  in  policy  decisions  related  to  the  smart  city  and  in  the  development  of  smart  city  services.  early  on,  barcelona  invested  in  iot  sensors  and  has  become  a  global  model  for  the  use  of  widespread  iot  infrastructure  in  smart  cities,
__label__interactivedisplays giving  the  private  sector  open  access  to  this  rich  sensor  data  via  the  sentilo  platform.  with  this  combination  of  a  solid  technology  platform  and  a  commitment  to  citizen  involvement,  barcelona  is  on  the  right  path  to  leveraging  smart  technology  for  the  benefit  of  its  citizens.  get  the  latest  news  and  tips  from  industry  experts  2019  here  mobility.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays the  more  connected  iot  devices  a  smart  city  employs,  the  greater  the  risk  to  individual  privacy.  alphabets  sidewalk  labs  is  an  example  of  how  smart  city  technology  brings  new  security  challenges.  the  next  generation  of  urban  infrastructure  is  on  the  horizon.  as  the  technologies  of  the  become  increasingly  prolific,  we  can  soon  expect  to  see  local  authorities  relying  on  it  to  improve  living,  working  and  traveling  conditions  in  myriad  ways.  everything  from  road  traffic  to  municipal  services  could  be  more  efficiently  managed,  and  environmental  issues  from  noise  levels  to  air  pollution  improved.  its  not  just  city  infrastructure  thats  changed.  were
__label__interactivedisplays quickly  moving  toward  a  world  where  autonomous  vehicles  communicate  with  each  other  and  interface  with  cloud  services  as  well  as  smart  traffic  signals  and  road  sensors  to  drive  safely  without  human  involvement.  there  are  concerns  as  well  as  benefits  associated  with  these  altered  cities.  the  more  connected  devices  a  smart  city  employs,  the  greater  the  risk  to  individual  privacy.  citizens  have  legitimate  concerns  that  data  shared  to  access  smart  city  services  could  be  compromised  in  the  event  of  a  network  breach.  for  this  reason,  companies  working  on  smart  city  initiatives  must  ensure  they  embed  cybersecurity  into  the  very  heart  of
__label__interactivedisplays their  projects.  any  smart  city  must  be  a  highly  secure  city  following  an  open  and  approved  strategy.  this  blog  explores  one  example  of  a  company  working  on  smart  city  technology  and  the  security  challenges  it  exemplifies.  sidewalk  labs,  owned  by  googles  parent  company,  alphabet  inc.,  is  one  of  the  leading  organizations  in  this  field.  its  smart  city  project  sidewalk  toronto  initiative,  is  currently  slated  for  launch  in  canada.  if  this  goes  ahead,  it  will  be  the  first  step  towards  a  futuristic  connected  community.  but,  how  secure  is  it  in  practice  and  what  impact  will  it  have  on  citizen  privacy?  sidewalk
__label__interactivedisplays labs  farreaching  plan  for  toronto  would  fold  data  on  everything  from  traffic,  noise  and  air  quality  to  garbage  collection,  traffic  and  power  distribution  into  north  americas  largest  smart  city  deployment.  serious  questions  must  be  raised  over  how  access  to  these  new  systems  and  the  data  that  passes  over  them  are  managed,  particularly  given  both  public  and  private  organizations  are  involved.  blackberry  cylances  kim  crawley  recently  spoke  to  these  questions  of  privacy  and  governance.  sidewalk  labs  confirmed  that  it  would  not  monetize  access  to  personally  identifiable  information,  and  to  quote:  sidewalk  labs  has  committed  that  it  would  not  sell  or  disclose
__label__interactivedisplays personal  information  to  third  parties,  including  other  alphabet  companies,  without  explicit  consent.  sidewalk  labs  recommends  that  an  independent,  governmentsanctioned  entity  approve  proposed  collections  and  use  of  urban  data  in  the  project  area  by  all  parties,  including  sidewalk  labs.  sidewalks  ceo  daniel  doctoroff  says  hes  fully  aware  of  the  privacy  issues  that  the  project  raises:  we  have  heard  lots  of  concerns  about  privacy.  the  approach  weve  developed  is  in  direct  response  to  those  conversations,  vesting  the  control  of  urban  data  in  a  democratic,  independent  process.  the  approach  outlined  in  the  master  innovation  and  development  plan  will  set  a  standard  for  the
__label__interactivedisplays world.  despite  this  apparent  confidence,  the  cybersecurity  community  and  some  local  politicians  continue  to  express  concerns  over  security  risks  of  this  project,  underlining  that  the  incentives  for  alphabet  to  harvest  data  from  residents  and  visitors  must  not  lead  to  compromised  security.  in  the  information  economy,  personal  data  is  a  valuable  resource.  in  fact,  in  a  fully  smart  city,  the  data  generated  by  residents  over  decades  could  well  be  more  valuable  than  the  land  on  which  they  live.  if  data  isnt  adequately  secured  and  privacy  not  guaranteed,  smart  cities  could  evolve  from  usercentric  initiatives  into  communities  that  pose  significant  risk.  sidewalk
__label__interactivedisplays labs  response  to  these  concerns  deepens  the  potential  for  confusion.  doctoroff  claims  he  cant  say  with  definitive  certainty  what  will  happen  with  the  information  collected  in  toronto.  his  company  declares  that  it  will  ensure  data  in  the  system  is  anonymized  where  possible  but  it  has  also  published  a  plan  to  make  data  open  and  accessible  to  a  number  of  third  parties.  if  sidewalk  labs  follows  alphabets  wider  business  model,  it  seems  possible  that  data  may  be  used,  in  part,  to  profile  residents  to  provide  relevant  services.  the  likely  cause  of  confusion  regarding  the  use  of  data  is  the  lack  of
__label__interactivedisplays clarity  over  who  has  authority  over  that  information.  when  personal  data  enters  smart  city  systems,  responsibility  for  the  security  of  that  information  must  be  clearly  assigned.  this  issue  has  recently  surfaced  in  a  lawsuit  where  the  canadian  civil  liberties  association  is  seeking  a  court  order  that  will  nullify  the  agreement  between  sidewalk  labs  and  waterfront  toronto  precisely  because  of  the  fears  of  canadian  citizens  data  being  collected  and  stored  by  a  us  company.  unless  proper  controls  are  established  from  the  outset,  theres  a  risk  that  data  accessibility  is  the  tradeoff  of  living  in  any  smart  city.  companies  must  ensure  that
__label__interactivedisplays residents  arent  exchanging  convenience  for  security  and  privacy.  even  if  companies  like  sidewalk  labs  were  to  use  the  data  they  collect  in  a  responsible  manner  that  honors  user  privacy,  a  great  deal  of  information  is  still  vulnerable  to  breach  in  cyberattacks.  given  the  large  number  of  potential  entry  points  in  a  smart  city  deployment  of  this  size,  cybercriminals  could  feasibly  have  opportunities  to  interfere  with  operations  of  digitallyenabled  services  including  traffic  lights,  public  transport  management,  energy,  water,  snow  removal,  sewage,  refuse  and  emergency  service  deployment.  the  effects  of  a  smart  city  breach  could  be  farreaching,  affecting  citizens  on  many  levels.
__label__interactivedisplays cybersecurity  technology,  operations  and  standards  must  be  designed  into  the  portfolio  from  the  outset  of  the  project.  endpoint  security,  in  particular,  should  be  a  priority,  given  the  extent  to  which  smart  cities  rely  on  connected  devices  such  as  cameras,  lights  and  sensors.  a  single  breached  device  can  become  a  gateway  to  an  entire  network.  companies  and  community  councils  working  on  prospective  projects  must  understand  this  and  ensure  that  their  earliest  planning  includes  detailed  endpoint  security  measures.  in  the  process  of  creating  iotdriven  city  districts,  corporations  and  local  government  bodies  must  be  transparent  about  every  detail  that  may  affect  citizens,  including
__label__interactivedisplays the  ways  that  cybersecurity  is  implemented  and  monitored.  we  must  be  transparent  about  the  data  collected,  as  well  as  the  intended  lifecycle  and  purpose.  the  current  connected  ecosystem  has  established  some  effective  cybersecurity  practices,  technologies  and  standards;  however,  within  the  existing  deployments,  its  clear  that  citizen  data  is  already  used  for  purposes  of  which  many  are  unaware.  as  we  begin  to  secure  iot  deployments  on  this  new  scale,  we  must  ensure  were  building  highlevel  data  transparency  and  leveraging  it  in  such  projects  and  continually  evolving  our  cybersecurity  best  practices.  by  charles  eagan,  cto  at
__label__interactivedisplays follow  these  blogs  to  stay  current  on  the  latest  news  and  trends  for  state  government,  smart  cities,  first  responders,  public  libraries,  courts  and  more.  phil  goldstein  is  the  web  editor  for  fedtech  and  statetech  .  besides  keeping  up  with  the  latest  in  technology  trends,  he  is  also  an  avid  lover  of  the  new  york  yankees,  poetry,  photography,  traveling  and  escaping  humidity.  smart  cities  come  in  all  forms,  shapes  and  sizes,  and  no  one  approach  to  infusing  connected  technology  into  a  citys  operations  is  right  for  every  locality.  however,  there  are  some  .  this  is  especially  true  if  city  governments  look
__label__interactivedisplays at  smart  city  programs  through  the  lens  of  resident  engagement,  or  how  users  actually  interact  with  services.  last  month,  the  georgia  institute  of  technologys  released  a  white  paper,  ,  which  explores  iot  as  not  merely  a  collection  of  technologies,  but  as  a  force  with  societal  impacts  and  benefits  as  well  as  social  outcomes  that  can  be  advanced,  enhanced  and  simplified  by  the  use  of  smart  technologies.  through  data  capturing,  sharing  and  processing,  ,  the  report  says.  user  feedback  will  ensure  that  the  solutions  are  meeting  citizen  needs.  cities  must  address  a  variety  of  stakeholder  needs  and  concerns  as  they  justify
__label__interactivedisplays and  develop  smart  city  projects,  according  to  the  white  paper.  city  residents  must  receive  sufficient  information  to  enable  them  to  develop  a  clear  understanding  of  how  the  data  is  being  used,  and  who  has  ownership  and  control  of  this  data,  the  report  says,  emphasizing  the  importance  of  security  and  privacy.  the  report  also  explores  five  key  use  cases  for  iot  in  smart  cities:  municipal  service  management,  utilities,  public  safety,  transportation  and  healthcare.  all  of  these  share  common  elements  and  must  be  secured  properly.  whether  the  device  is  a  smart  energy  meter,  a  parking  meter,  a  pressure  valve,  or  an  environmental
__label__interactivedisplays sensor,  ,  the  white  paper  says.  as  the  asset  classification  and  primary  tasks  become  more  critical,  the  required  data  security  model  protecting  the  system  of  systems  that  consume  this  data,  and  in  some  cases  provide  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  functionality,  must  be  implemented  with  an  interoperable,  standardsbased  approach.  here  is  a  breakdown  of  the  five  key  use  cases  outlined  in  the  white  paper,  and  how  cities  have  implemented  them  in  the  real  world.  the  white  paper  notes  that  there  is  no  clear  definition  of  what  municipal  services  are  or  should  be,  since  local  authorities  differ  between  countries  in
__label__interactivedisplays terms  of  their  size,  functions,  degree  of  autonomy  and  objectives.  common  examples  include  police  protection,  fire  protection,  public  recreational  facilities,  public  libraries,  public  schools,  public  health,  public  welfare,  and  the  maintenance  of  roads  and  streets,  as  well  as  sewage  and  trash  disposal,  if  those  services  are  maintained  out  of  revenue  derived  from  a  general  charge  for  municipaltype  services.  in  general,  the  report  notes,  smart  city  technologies  are  .  is  one  area  of  municipal  services  to  which  cities  and  iot  companies  have  turned  their  eyes  and  maybe  held  their  noses.  san  franciscobased  startup  produces  a  sensor  to  be  placed  inside  of
__label__interactivedisplays a  garbage  bin  that  takes  a  picture  of  its  contents,  automatically  analyzes  it,  and  then  optimizes  routes  for  trash  collectors  based  on  which  bins  need  to  be  emptied.  ,  the  global  smart  waste  collection  technology  market  is  expected  to  .  several  cities  including  and  already  use  smart  trash  cans  with  realtime  sensors  for  city  sidewalks,  with  the  aim  of  improving  trash  collection  efficiency.  city  utilities  must  enhance  security  while  simplifying  compliance  as  the  industry  adopts  iot  and  cloud  technologies,  the  white  paper  says,  allowing  administrators  to  focus  efforts  on  .  as  iot  introduces  millions  of  devices  and  latencysensitive  transactions,  the
__label__interactivedisplays white  paper  notes,  utilities  traditional  cloudonly  approach  will  need  complementary  capabilities  at  the  edge.  edge  computing  allows  applications  to  execute  within  the  iot  network,  providing  the  intelligence  to  analyze  data  locally  and  generate  actions  like  closing  a  switch,  the  report  adds.  by  giving  the  gateways  and  endpoints  at  the  edge  the  ability  to  handle  computational  tasks,  organizations  reduce  the  amount  of  data  that  needs  to  be  sent  to  the  cloud  for  processing,  analysis  and  storage.  while  most  cities  are  not  fully  invested  in  edge  computing  for  smart  utility  monitoring,  many  to  make  utilities  more  efficient.  in  cary,  n.c.,  city  officials
__label__interactivedisplays as  part  of  a  wider  initiative,  meaning  residents  can  .  meanwhile,  ,  established  in  2016  by  the  city  and  the  boston  planning  and  development  agency,  aims  to  develop  strategies  for  more  equitable,  sustainable,  affordable,  resilient,  and  innovative  utility  services  in  the  city  of  boston,  in  part  by  incorporating  innovative  technologies  into  the  underlying  utility  infrastructure.  the  white  paper  notes  that  a  main  consideration  in  designing  and  implementing  public  safety  services  is  that  cities  are  building  a  system  of  systems  composed  of  large  heterogeneous  and  independent  systems  that  leverage  emergent  behavior  from  their  interaction.  specialized  engineering  and  design  focus  on  the
__label__interactivedisplays needs  of  vulnerable  populations  is  required  to  build  a  robust  system  of  systems.  for  example,  the  provides  a  connected  infrastructure  that  can  be  used  by  first  responders  to  support  iot  devices,  the  report  notes.  aside  from  the  ability  of  iot  to  provide  robust  network  services,  sensors  and  devices  specifically  at  the  individual  level  offer  promising  potential,  the  white  paper  says.  public  safety  responders  equipped  with  iotbased  devices  will  be  able  to  to  generate  information  about  an  event  scene  or  intervention  status  and  provide  informationbased  support  for  critical  decisions.  lindsay  notwell,  senior  vice  president  of  5g  strategy  and  global  carrier  operations
__label__interactivedisplays at  ,  writes  statetech  that,  as  5g  wireless  networks  get  deployed  in  the  years  ahead,  we  can  expect  to  see  a  major  uptick  in  iot  device  adoption  for  first  responders  as  new  sensorbased  tools  become  available.  for  example,  notwell  says,  an  iot  sensor  might  be  employed  in  a  police  vehicle  to  alert  headquarters  when  a  shotgun  is  pulled  from  a  squad  car  rack.  the  sensors  will  .  iot  sensors  can  enhance  public  safety  in  smart  cities  beyond  directly  helping  first  responders.  for  example,  portland,  ore.,  around  the  citys  three  deadliest  streets  to  help  monitor  traffic.  portland  says  the  sensors,  which
__label__interactivedisplays are  being  installed  on  light  poles,  will  provide  constant  counts  of  vehicles  and  pedestrians,  as  well  as  data  about  vehicle  speeds.  using  the  data  collected  by  the  sensors,  the  portland  bureau  of  transportations  staff  will  use  the  sensor  information  to  make  recommendations  about  future  changes  to  make  it  easier  for  pedestrians  to  walk  and  cars  to  drive  on  city  streets.  connected  transportation  is  one  of  the  most  popular  smart  city  use  cases,  but  the  report  notes  that  it  is  also  one  of  the  most  complex.  recognizing  that  the  modernization  of  transportation  infrastructure  is  a  shared  responsibility,  stakeholders  must  implement  trusted
__label__interactivedisplays datasharing  practices  between  municipalities  and  the  private  sector  to  fully  realize  the  benefits  of  an  iotenabled  infrastructure,  the  white  paper  says.  a  variety  of  cities  are  on  streets  and  in  vehicles  to  improve  general  vehicle  operator  safety,  safety  at  intersections  and  in  school  zones,  the  schedule  reliability  of  transit  vehicles,  emergency  response  times,  motorists  adherence  to  red  light  laws,  and  traffic  management  capabilities.  to  embed  sensors  into  the  citys  pavement  and  install  cameras  on  traffic  lights.  the  city  and  the  carrier  then  will  study  and  so  that  traffic  flows  easier  and  travel  times  are  shorter.  and  in  kansas  city,  mo.,
__label__interactivedisplays the  city  is  moving  forward  with  its  ,  and  also  plans  to  expand  its  kc  streetcar,  a  2yearold  transit  system  that  wends  its  way  through  parts  of  downtown  kansas  city.  the  kc  streetcar  has  served  as  a  laboratory  of  sorts  in  deploying  smart  city  technology,  kansas  city  cio  bob  bennett  statetech  in  a  previous  interview.  the  city  has  partnered  with  cisco  as  a  strategic  partner  on  the  project.  and  as  statetech  reported:  corridor  is  a  15.7  million  publicprivate  partnership  offering  free  public  wifi,  smart  streetlights  and  sensors  along  the  kc  streetcars  2milelong  route.  the  city  embedded  technology  supporting  these  capabilities
__label__interactivedisplays along  the  streetcar  route,  often  mounting  cameras,  sensors  and  wifi  hubs  on  lampposts  and  elsewhere.  iot  technologies  are  expected  to  and,  through  telehealth,  telemedicine  and  telecare,  enable  healthcare  providers  to  optimize  the  use  of  their  resources,  the  white  paper  says.  further,  iot  is  also  expected  to  change  the  lives  of  people  with  disabilities  and  senior  citizens  by  giving  them  access  to  direct  assistance  and  support,  thereby  fostering  their  independence,  the  report  says.  last  year,  ,  the  of  s  parent  company,  alphabet,  spun  out  its  public  health  unit,  .  the  company  aims  to  leverage  technology  alongside  new  care  models  to  better
__label__interactivedisplays serve  underserved  populations  and  level  the  healthcare  playing  field.  the  company  hopes  to  go  after  every  aspect  of  the  healthcare  system,  from  insurance  offerings  to  provider  interoperability  to  patient  education.  in  april,  cityblock  health  inked  a  deal  with  its  first  big  client,  emblemhealth,  one  of  the  new  york  citys  largest  insurers,  .  security  networking  visit  some  of  our  other  technology  websites:
__label__interactivedisplays 11/19/2019  nordsense  smart  waste  management  uses  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  and  iot,  enabling  cities  to  prevent  bins  from  overflowing,  and  optimize  routes  to  cut  down  on  traffic  congestion,  fuel  consumption,  maintenance  costs  and  carbon  footprint  enevo  provides  a  waste  management  solution.  kiunsys  offers  solutions  for  smart  city  parking,  payments  and  logistics.  libelium  is  a  hardware  provider  offering  sensors,  motes  and  gateways  along  with  cloud  integration  partners.  pavegen  provides  foot  traffic  analytics  solution.  placemeter  acquired  by  netgear  provides  a  a  retail  and  traffic  analytics  solution.  soofa  sells  smart  cities  sensor  technology  and  products  include  soofa  bench,  soofa  signage,  and  soofa  pro
__label__interactivedisplays sensor.  urbanscale  sensor  and  embedded  systems  pilot  project.  brought  to  you  by  urbanccd  official  website  of  stephen  wolfram:  founder  ceo  of  wolfram  research,  creator  of  mathematica  wolframalpha,  author  of  a  new  kind  of  science.  this  website  documents  the  work,  ideas  and  experiments  of  artist  and  designer  dominic  wilcox  aircasting  is  a  platform  for  recording,  mapping,  and  sharing  health  and  environmental  data  using  your  smartphone.  tzoa  is  a  wearable  envirotracker  that  monitors  air  pollution  and  uv  exposure  to  help  you  stay  healthy  and  explore  your  environment.  hipark  offered  a  smart  parking  solution  using  a  mobile  phone  app.  compology  offers  a  waste
__label__interactivedisplays management  solution.  smart  city  vadodara  is  an  app  which  provides  a  platform  to  citizens  of  vadodara  to  take  part  in  swachh  vadodara  mission  svm  by  complaining...  every  day,  people  track  over  3  million  activities  with  human.  we  keep  track  of  daily  activity  in  900  cities  all  across  the  globe  to  learn  about...  localdata  is  a  cloudbased  mapping  platform  that  helps  cities  and  communities  make  datadriven  decisions  by  capturing  and  visualizing...  the  main  objective  of  the  sentilo  platform  is  to  provide  a  functional,  open,  interoperable,  easily  expandable  platform  for  any  city  in  the  world...  us  department  of  transportation:  nyc  san  diego
__label__interactivedisplays chicago  a  dive  into  some  smart  city  projects  in  action  city  environmental  sensors  created  by  researchers  at  argonne  national  laboratory  and  the  university  of  chicago,  is  a  network  of  sensor  boxes  that  will  be  mounted  to  lampposts  and  other  infrastructure  around  chicago.  with  the  city  governments  approval,  each  node  in  the  network  will  collect  blockbyblock  environmental  data  about  temperature,  humidity,  light,  air  quality,  and  eventually  even  wind  and  precipitation.  the  nodes  will  also  use  a  combination  of  noise  levels,  vibrations,  and  proximity  detection  of  bluetooth  and  wifienabled  devices  to  get  a  rough  measurement  of  vehicular  and  pedestrian  traffic.  captured  data
__label__interactivedisplays will  then  be  reported  via  cellular  connectivity  to  an  open  database.  the  researchers  are  quick  to  point  out  that  no  personal  or  identifying  data  will  be  collected  in  the  process,  and  the  entire  project  will  go  through  multiple  levels  of  public,  academic  and  governmental  review  to  make  sure  security  and  privacy  are  protected.  the  hardware  and  software  are  all  opensource,  and  will  be  once  the  initial  designs  are  finalized.  with  the  data  the  array  of  things  generates,  researchers,  residents,  city  planners  and  other  groups  will  have  an  unprecedented  window  into  the  life  of  chicagos  urban  environment.  weather  forecasts  could  be
__label__interactivedisplays improved  based  on  the  microclimate  of  specific  neighborhoods.  city  managers  could  analyze  traffic  and  weather  patterns  to  better  predict  which  streets  need  maintenance.  navigation  apps  could  suggest  more  or  lesstrafficked  routes  for  both  cars  and  pedestrians,  or  pick  routes  based  on  current  air  quality  measurements.  outside  developers  will  be  free  to  integrate  the  data  into  other  apps,  alongside  the  data  already  made  available  to  them  through  the  chicago  that  currently  has  200  datasets  and  an  api.  the  first  set  of  nodes  will  spend  the  winter  on  the  argonne  national  laboratory  and  university  of  chicago  campuses  for  reliability  testing.  researchers  are
__label__interactivedisplays working  with  the  city  on  a  pilot  project  agreement  that  would  place  additional  nodes  along  michigan  avenue  in  spring  2015,  with  the  eventual  goal  of  placing  500  or  more  nodes  throughout  the  city  by  2017.  learn  more  at  .  serbian  startup  makes  solar  charging  installations  for  city  parks,  school  and  corporate  campuses,  and  other  public  spaces.  its  products  provide  renewable,  offthegrid  energy  in  places  that  wouldnt  normally  support  device  charging  or  wireless  connectivity.  the  strawberry  tree  is  an  angular,  dendriform  sculpture  topped  by  a  large,  square  solar  panel.  sheltered  below  is  a  bench  that  doubles  as  a  mobile  charging  station,
__label__interactivedisplays offering  a  plethora  of  cords  to  suit  any  type  of  device.  the  installation  also  provides  a  wifi  hotspot  and  records  environmental  sensing  data  like  temperature,  humidity,  and  carbon  dioxide  and  noise  levels.  with  a  large  battery  capacity  that  can  provide  thousands  of  quick  charges  10  minutes  or  so  in  the  absence  of  sunlight,  strawberry  tree  is  designed  to  operate  24  hours  a  day,  year  round,  no  matter  the  weather.  beyond  its  commitment  to  renewable  energy,  strawberry  takes  the  overall  environmental  lifecycle  of  its  products  into  account.  strawberry  trees  are  built  with  recycled  steel,  and  are  designed  to  be  easily  disassembled
__label__interactivedisplays so  that  98  percent  of  the  installation  can  be  recycled  or  reused.  this  is  especially  important  for  the  charging  cords,  which  are  clearly  the  most  vulnerable  part  of  the  device  to  the  stresses  of  weather  and  human  misuse  strawberry  makes  an  effort  to  repair  and  refurbish  damaged  cords  whenever  possible,  and  they  can  be  easily  replaced.  strawberry  trees  and  minis  have  been  in  the  wild  for  a  few  years  now,  mostly  in  serbia,  where  theyve  reached  more  than  350,000  users.  in  april,  the  company  received  125,000  from  bulgarian  venture  accelerator  ,  and  earlier  this  month  it  was  a  winner  at
__label__interactivedisplays the  verge  accelerate  competition  in  san  francisco.  in  the  wake  of  that  success,  strawberry  will  continue  to  exhibit  its  technology  in  the  u.s.  and  has  begun  negotiations  to  place  strawberry  trees  in  cities  in  california  and  other  states.  learn  more  at  community  smart  grid  ac  control  at  the  intersection  of  the  internet  of  things  and  the  power  industry  is  the  smart  grid  a  21stcentury  update  to  our  electrical  infrastructure  that  can  link  generation,  demand,  pricing  and  users  in  real  time.  residents  of  new  york  city  can  get  an  early  taste  of  this  technology  by  joining  the  program,  which  offers  automation
__label__interactivedisplays products  and  cash  incentives  to  cut  down  on  the  use  of  air  conditioners  when  the  grid  is  straining  under  peak  demand.  a  collaboration  between  power  supplier  con  edison  and  ,  an  nyc  startup  that  makes  wirelesslyconnected  plugs  and  outlets  called  modlets  that  can  turn  appliances  on  and  off  through  the  internet.  the  companys  add  a  remote  thermostat,  which  senses  the  ambient  air  temperature  in  a  room  and  communicates  with  a  modlet  hooked  to  the  ac  unit  to  keep  the  room  at  a  desired  temperature.  residents  who  join  coolnyc  receive  one  of  these  smartac  kits  free  of  charge,  in  exchange  for
__label__interactivedisplays allowing  con  edison  to  remotely  lower  the  temperature  or  shut  down  the  ac  when  theres  too  much  demand  on  the  grid  typically  for  a  few  hours,  and  only  on  excessively  hot  days,  which  occur  a  few  times  each  summer.  those  who  already  own  a  wifi  enabled  ac  unit  specifically  the  and  the  can  also  enroll  in  the  program.  folks  who  find  other  ways  to  beat  the  heat  will  be  rewarded  through  a  point  system,  which  can  be  redeemed  in  the  form  of  gift  cards.  in  addition  to  helping  maintain  the  reliability  of  the  citys  electrical  grid,  coolnyc  participants  get  all
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  benefits  of  a  smart,  internetconnected  ac  unit:  automatic  temperature  adjustments,  remote  control  through  the  thinkeco  app,  and  a  cloudbased  dashboard  to  track  energy  reductions  and  savings  that  will  be  reflected  in  lower  energy  bills.  check  out  the  program  at  ,  and  watch  the  video  below  to  learn  more  about  thinkeco.  related:  uber  for  its  crowdsourced  taxi  service  this  new  years  eve,  and  in  the  runup  to  the  holiday  the  company  has  been  testing  a  usability  improvement  that  could  make  it  easier  for  riders  and  drivers  to  find  each  other  amidst  the  crowds  of  revelers.  ,  which  was  rolled
__label__interactivedisplays out  in  the  seattle  area  at  the  beginning  of  december,  adds  a  colorcoding  feature  to  the  uber  app.  when  making  a  pickup  request,  riders  select  their  favorite  hue  from  a  basic  color  wheel.  if  the  driver  has  a  spot  device,  which  seems  to  be  a  wirelessly  connected  light  strip  placed  along  one  side  of  the  front  windshield,  it  will  glow  appropriately  when  the  car  nears  the  pickup  location.  users  can  signal  back  by  lighting  up  their  phones  screen  with  the  matching  color.  the  new  system  isnt  foolproof  its  unclear  how  uber  will  ensure  that  people  in  the  same  pickup  area
__label__interactivedisplays dont  all  choose  the  same  color,  for  instance  but  its  a  simple  way  to  minimize  the  human  error  that  is  inevitably  introduced  when  it  comes  time  to  find  an  unfamiliar  car,  at  night,  in  the  dark,  through  a  crowd,  while  possibly  inebriated.  spot  is  a  reminder  that  a  little  bit  of  connected  hardware  can  sometimes  maneuver  around  a  natural  human  roadblock  in  an  otherwise  appdriven  process.  started  by  london  based  pavegen  systems  is  a  company  looking  to  provide  cities  with  an  alternative  way  to  power  some  of  their  infrastructure  using  kinetic  energy  harvested  from  pedestrian  footsteps.  developed  using  at  least
__label__interactivedisplays 80  recycled  materials  the  companies  floor  tiles  will  produce  48  joules  the  equivalent  of  8  watt  hours  of  energy  when  stepped  on  by  a  passerby.  5  of  that  generated  energy  will  be  used  to  power  the  tiles  builtin  led  lighting  and  the  remaining  95  will  be  stored  in  lithium  cells  for  later  use  in  lighting,  signage  or  other  low  voltage  applications  located  nearby.  the  tile  units  also  have  integrated  wireless  technology  and  an  api  service  as  part  of  their  feature  set  enabling  information  about  the  number  of  footfalls,  traffic  counts  and  total  amount  of  energy  generated  for  each  tile  to
__label__interactivedisplays be  transmitted  to  users  for  display/analysis  from  up  to  200  meters  away.  being  targeted  for  sales  and  installations  in  areas  where  other  forms  of  renewable  energy  may  be  less  effective  ceo  kemblecook  explains:  pavegens  is  charting  a  newcourse  for  offgrid  localised  energy  generation  and  smart  grids.  its  quick  and  easy  to  install,  and  if  used  widely  across  areas  of  high  footfall  such  as  shopping  malls,  businesses  and  transportation  hubs  has  the  potential  to  have  a  dramatic  effect  on  the  uks  longterm  carbon  emission  levels.  consider  the  bench:  an  unassuming  but  iconic  feature  of  urban  landscapes.  in  the  rush  to  make
__label__interactivedisplays cities  smart,  what  better  place  to  begin?  ,  the  first  creation  of  mit  media  lab  spinoff  ,  is  a  simple  improvement  on  a  simple  seating  arrangement.  a  selfcontained,  weatherproof  solar  charging  station  occupies  some  of  the  real  estate,  gathering  enough  energy  for  about  8  hours  of  charging  time  each  day  or  night  through  two  usb  ports.  sensors  in  the  bench  will  also  record  environmental  data  such  as  air  quality  and  noise  levels,  which  will  be  reported  on  soofa.co.  changing  environments  cofounders  sandra  richter,  nan  zhao  and  jutta  friedrichs  say  their  goal  is  to  create  an  infrastructure  for  smart  spaces  tailored
__label__interactivedisplays to  the  mobile  generation.  the  company  was  featured  at  the  last  summer.  several  industry  partners  are  helping  the  company  get  started,  including  verizon,  whose  4g  network  the  benches  will  use  to  send  sensor  data,  and  cisco,  which  is  funding  the  initial  installation  of  a  dozen  benches  around  boston.  according  to  the  companys  ,  the  first  soofa  was  placed  in  boston  common  in  july  and  was  in  use  within  minutes.  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  is  everywhere  today,  from  industrial  applications  to  emergency  services,  public  transportation,  public  safety,  city  lighting  and  other  smart  city  applications.  due  to  iot  technology  advancements,  municipalities  are  becoming  more  and  more  connected  in  an  effort  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  infrastructure  installations,  improve  reliability  and  responsiveness  of  emergency  services,  cut  costs  and  more.  and  innovation  is  ongoing.  we  expect  to  see  many  more  smart  city  ideas  using  iot  for  this  market  in  the  years  to  come.  in  this  post  we  will  look  at  a  few  examples  of  iot  solutions  across  the  smart  cities  landscape  and  the
__label__interactivedisplays benefits  cities  are  experiencing  as  a  result  of  implementing  them.  there  are  several  reasons  for  municipalities  to  move  to  the  wireless  communications  methods  offered  by  iot  technologies.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  this  industry  is  growing  so  rapidly  that  it  is  a  difficult  undertaking  to  capture  the  breadth  of  applications  in  this  industry.  in  fact,  smart  cities  could  be  considered  a  collection  of  industries  that  includes  city  lighting,  city  transit,  waste  water  management,  emergency  services,  traffic  management  and  more.  in  fact,  new  iot  smart  city  projects  are  likely  to  emerge  as  the  available  technologies  become  more  widely  adopted,  and  more  targeted
__label__interactivedisplays at  the  requirements  of  specific  use  cases.  we  will  cover  city  lighting,  public  transportation,  and  water  management.  lighting  is  one  of  the  most  prevalent  examples  of  iot  applications  for  smart  cities,  and  many  municipalities  today  are  turning  to  wireless  communications  for  cost  savings  and  energy  reduction.  lumca  lighting  smart  pole  technology  of  quebec  city  is  putting  smart  city  lighting  to  work.  as  an  example,  this  outdoor  lighting  outfit  developed  a  comprehensive  lighting  solution  the  lumca  smart  pole  withbuiltin  power,  connectivity,  sensors,  and  other  intelligent  features,  all  of  which  are  configured  and  managed  via  digi  remote  manager,  a  centralized  software  platform
__label__interactivedisplays with  a  graphical  user  interface.  the  solution  incorporates  the  ruggedized  ,  which  provides  connectivity  and  data  routing  for  multiple  device  nodes  on  the  smart  pole.  the  result  is  a  comprehensive  application  supporting  multiple  uses:  smart  bus  application  transit  systems  are  another  rapidly  growing  segment  for  smart  city  iot  applications.  transit  agencies  and  smart  cities  are  realizing  enormous  benefits  in  cost  reduction,  safety,  routing  management  and  improved  rider  experience.  where  many  municipalities  saw  ridership  dropping  in  recent  years,  many  are  now  experiencing  renewed  growth  with  improved  visibility  into  bus  and  light  rail  routing  and  passenger  wifi  connectivity.  for  an  excellent  example,
__label__interactivedisplays we  turn  to  ,  the  suburban  mobility  authority  for  rapid  transit  authority,  which  operates  a  fleet  of  more  than  330  biodiesel  and  hybridelectric  buses  across  michigans  macomb,  oakland,  and  wayne  counties.  the  iot  solution  deployed  by  the  smart  transit  system  includes  a  range  of  features,  which  are  enabled  by  the  :  these  enhancements  help  transit  employees,  dispatchers  and  riders  to  experience  more  reliable  connectivity  and  improved  communications.  additionally,  with  the  increase  in  ecofriendly  vehicles,  smart  cities  can  achieve  air  quality.  this  goal  as  well  as  reduced  congestion  are  further  enhanced  with  improved  ridership  and  fewer  city  residents  jumping  into  a
__label__interactivedisplays car  each  time  they  need  to  travel  across  town.  water  management  application  needs  for  smart  cities  run  the  gamut  from  wastewater  treatment  to  water  monitoring  to  environmental  restoration  projects.  iot  applications  are  growing  in  these  segments  as  governmental  organizations  and  local  municipalities  seek  to  upgrade  aging  infrastructure,  increase  efficiency,  improve  visibility  into  remote  tanks  and  water  management  processes,  and  reduce  the  cost  of  monitoring  and  servicing  their  assets.  while  there  may  not  be  a  typical  solution,  as  each  of  the  use  cases  mentioned  above  has  its  own  requirements,  its  useful  to  look  at  the  components  of  a  sample  application.  this
__label__interactivedisplays particular  example  shows  how  a  gateway  supplies  the  connectivity  for  a  range  of  application  needs,  such  as  sensing  flow  rates,  tank  pressure  and  water  levels.  provides  the  remote  management  solution  needed  to  monitor  the  components  of  the  iot  device  deployment,  which  may  include  a  range  of  radio  devices,  system  on  modules  soms  and  sensors.  applications  in  this  arena  are  varied.  lets  look  at  three  digi  customer  stories  for  examples.  ,  which  provides  water  treatment  solutions  to  industrial  clients  across  north  america,  turned  to  an  iot  solution  from  digi  to  establish  a  remote  monitoring  and  management  solution,  in  place  of  their
__label__interactivedisplays current  system.  the  goal  was  to  improve  visibility  into  field  equipment  installed  at  client  sites.  the  organization  has  nearly  300  connected  controllers  and  sensors  at  remote  sites,  which  they  wanted  to  connect  into  a  complete  solution.  u.s.  water  worked  with  digi  and  verizon  to  develop  a  solution  using  digi  cellular  gateways  and  .  remotely  connecting  assets  gives  u.s.  water  direct  visibility  to  their  equipment  and  to  the  customers  usage  of  chemicals,  as  well  as  insight  into  their  supply  chain.the  solution  has  helped  u.s.  water  create  supply  chain  efficiencies  and  reduce  transportation  costs,  since  there  are  fewer  truck  rolls  and  technicians
__label__interactivedisplays on  the  road.  the  future  of  water  is  wireless  is  an  environmental  consulting  firm  that  uses  sophisticatedinformation  systems  to  gather  and  evaluate  critical  environmental  data  such  as  groundwater  analytics  and  provide  recommendations  to  their  clients.  summits  use  case  required  a  solution  that  streamlined  their  data  collection  processes.  for  example,  instead  of  sending  personnel  to  dozens  of  remote  locations  to  perform  tests  and  gather  data,  the  team  wanted  to  put  automation  to  work,  both  to  reduce  the  cost  of  unnecessary  truck  rolls  and  increase  efficiency  by  eliminating  the  process  of  keying  in  the  gathered  data.  the  solution  involved  integrating  measurement  sensors
__label__interactivedisplays with  batteryoperated  devices  in  the  field  to  connect  the  data  gathering  system  to  the  central  servers.  automatically  routing  data  to  the  servers  from  farflung  sensors  saved  time  and  money,  and  the  solution  included  a  method  for  capturing  sensor  diagnostics  which  enables  the  technicians  to  remotely  diagnose  the  health  of  their  sensors  as  well.  is  responsible  for  a  range  of  programs,  including  the  air  force  compliance,  restoration,  sustainability  and  national  environmental  policy  act  programs.  tasked  with  the  environmental  cleanup  of  the  superfund  site  at  joint  base  cape  cod  jbcc,  the  afcec  team  has  been  continuously  remediating  billions  of  gallons  of  contaminated
__label__interactivedisplays water  at  the  site  over  several  decades.  this  process  requires  careful  monitoring  of  over  100  source  areas  across  the  22,000acre  restoration  site.  the  afcec  team  sought  to  reduce  maintenance  problems  and  costs,  as  the  systems  in  place  utilized  landlines  which  were  expensive  to  maintain.  they  worked  with  digi  and  verizon  to  develop  a  solution  to  convert  their  copperwire  landline  installation  to  a  wireless  deployment  utilizing  .  the  team  deployed  two  routers  in  a  pilot  installation,  followed  by  full  deployment,  ensured  the  systems  and  processes  were  working  correctly,  and  then  began  full  deployment.  iot  applications  in  smart  cities  are  vast  and
__label__interactivedisplays previous  next  share  on:  share  the  post  how  iot  can  be  used  to  build  smart  cities  cities  stand  to  benefit  the  most  by  connecting  their  people,  devices,  and  systems.  many  cities  across  the  world  have  already  initiated  this  transformation,  and  the  results  are  promising.  distribution  of  electricity,  water  and  gas,  maintenance  of  utilities,  public  surveillance,  billboards  and  signage,  as  well  as,  deployment  of  emergency  services,  law  enforcement,  and  waste  management  are  few  of  the  many  places  where  a  city  can  leverage  the  internet  of  things  to  go  on  its  way  to  becoming  a  smart  city.  the  use  of  ,  an
__label__interactivedisplays ,  and  the  cloud  enable  the  centralization  of  all  these  points  and  propel  us  toward  the  age  of  the  jetsons.  date:  thursday,  jul  12,  2018  time:  11:00am  to  11:45am  ct  duration:  45  minutes  the  key  here  is  to  devise  strategies  at  the  earliest  stage  and  make  room  for  the  massive  data  that  will  be  generated.  and  control  aside,  analyzing  data  from  these  sources  and  programming  triggers  based  on  calculated  values  can  lead  to  faster  decision  making  at  the  system  level.  for  example,  smart  lighting  can  be  implemented  on  roads  for  an  efficient  use  of  the  citys  electricity.  the  system  can
__label__interactivedisplays dim  the  lights,  turn  them  on  /  off  according  to  the  people  on  the  road,  and  take  appropriate  actions  in  case  of  a  failure,  all  without  human  intervention.  the  smart  building  solution  uses  mobility,  sensors  and  the  cloud,  and  gives  a  lowcost  building  manager  with  remote  monitoring  and  programming.  to  know  more  in  detail  download  the  case  study.  with  smart  traffic  management,  municipalities  can  direct  the  traffic  by  broadcasting  travel  times  of  certain  routes  to  ease  congestion  and  let  the  citizens  choose  the  route  best  suited  to  them.  the  system  can  clear  a  path,  set  all  signals  to  green,  so
__label__interactivedisplays that  the  emergency  services  can  reach  the  incident  as  quickly  as  possible,  whereby  reducing  traffic,  saving  energy  and  improving  public  safety.  the  resulting  benefits  are  for  the  city,  the  environment,  and  most  importantly,  its  people.  this  white  paper  talks  about  the  growing  pressures  faced  by  commercial  buildings.  learn  how  our  iot  based  softweb  smart  building  solution  can  address  these  issues  at  an  affordable  cost.  the  global  smart  cities  market  was  valued  at  506.78  billion  in  2012,  and  is  expected  to  rise  to  1.26  trillion  by  2019  do  you  want  to  make  your  city  smart?  iot  in  agriculture  a  way  towards
__label__interactivedisplays smart  farming  how  the  iot  delivers  business  value  to  the  manufacturing  industry  how  the  internet  of  things  impacts  the  logistics  business  how  the  iot  can  benefit  your  healthcare  organization  how  the  internet  of  things  is  helping  retailers  become  smarter  how  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  the  sports  world  how  iot  can  be  used  to  build  smart  cities  how  iot  can  be  used  to  make  cars  smarter  how  to  leverage  iot  for  smart  energy  management  transforming  the  construction  industry  with  the  internet  of  things  iotenabled  field  service  management  how  the  hospitality  industry  is  using  the  iot  to  serve  guests  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  influx  of  people  to  cities  is  increasing  demands  on  infrastructure  and  security  at  levels  previously  unseen.  cities  across  the  world  are  looking  to  increase  efficiencies  and  provide  a  welcoming  environment  to  residents  and  visitors  with  easily  accessible  public  services.  they  also  want  to  attract  businesses  with  a  connected  citizenry.  smart  city  kiosks  are  starting  to  appear  on  city  streets,  and  they  have  a  growing  number  of  services  on  them  to  make  the  public  interaction  with  the  city  more  efficient.  intel  and  their  partners  are  working  towards  providing  solutions  to  cities,  and  one  such  solution  is  the  varied  services  that
__label__interactivedisplays can  be  deployed  on  smart  city  kiosks.  these  include  surveillance,  wayfinding,  environmental  sensors  and  many  more.  globally,  people  are  increasingly  moving  from  rural  to  urban  areas.  at  the  moment  55  of  the  worlds  population  live  in  urban  areas.  in  1950,  30  of  the  worlds  population  was  urban,  and  by  2050,  68  of  the  worlds  population  .  cities  experiencing  this  rapid  pace  of  urbanization  are  under  tremendous  pressure  to  provide  core  services  to  residents  and  visitors.  living  and  working  in  a  city  or  visiting  should  not  been  seen  as  stressful,  but  a  convenient  and  positive  experience.  in  2018  intel  corporation  commissioned
__label__interactivedisplays juniper  research  to  do  a  study  on  how  citizens  would  .  the  research  concluded  that  smart  cities  have  the  potential  to  give  back  each  city  dweller  3  working  weeks  worth  of  time  every  year.  the  key  requirement  is  real  time  or  near  real  time  data  to  make  our  cities  more  intelligent.  this  in  turn  will  have  a  big  impact  on  citizens,  who  can  expect  improvements  in  current  service  levels.  in  addition,  new  forms  of  services  will  create  a  level  playing  field  irrespective  of  an  individuals  socioeconomic  status.  there  is  a  new  type  street  furniture  that  is  starting  to  appear  on
__label__interactivedisplays our  streets.  commonly  called  smart  city  kiosks,  these  structures  are  being  built  with  emphasis  on  digital  engagement  and  future  scope  for  amalgamating  multiple  services  in  one  physical  structure.  in  addition  to  the  numerous  benefits  this  single  unit  can  provide,  it  is  also  being  deployed  with  a  new  business  model.  generally,  they  are  deployed  at  no  cost  to  the  city  and  funded  by  advertisements  running  on  the  kiosks.  smart  city  kiosks  are  quickly  becoming  an  essential  part  of  smart  cities;  accelerating  the  engagement  transformation  between  the  citizens  and  public/private  services.  although  designed  to  replace  public  phone  booths,  smart  city  kiosks  provide
__label__interactivedisplays a  myriad  of  different  interactive  services  such  as  wayfinding,  free  wifi,  device  charging  capabilities,  emergency  alerts,  emergency  reporting  facilities,  air  quality  monitoring,  surveillance,  interaction  with  local  businesses,  and  access  to  public  services.  in  order  to  provide  the  services  mentioned  above  and  support  surveillance,  intel  has  envisioned  a  smart  city  kiosk  reference  architecture  that  encompasses  the  system,  services  and  infrastructure  as  outlined  below.  figure  1.  public  kiosk  hardware  architecture  to  request  the  public  kiosk  architecture  document  document  608486001,  contact  your  intel  representative.  since  a  smart  city  kiosk  is  an  outdoor  system,  the  system  needs  to  comprehend  extended  temperature  for  cpu,  memory
__label__interactivedisplays and  ssd.  security  is  an  important  aspect  of  configuration  and  needs  to  start  from  the  boot  up  process  on  the  compute.  both  data  at  rest  on  the  storage  device  and  data  in  transit  over  the  infrastructure  needs  to  be  encrypted  using  aes  256  bit  or  tls  1.3  respectively.  an  intel  cpu/platform  that  supports  intel  security  essentials  can  ensure  verified,  or  measured  boot  via  a  combination  of  secure  boot  and  intel  platform  trust  technology.  similarly  secure  execution  can  be  enabled  by  using  an  enclave  via  intel  software  guard  extensions  constructs.  a  typical  kiosk  may  require  two  or  more  compute  units  to
__label__interactivedisplays handle  different  workloads.  ddr4  memory  provides  faster  application  access  to  data  and  an  intel  solid  state  drive  provides  optimum,  secure  storage  and  remote  management  capabilities.  depending  on  the  specific  kiosk  installation  it  may  or  may  not  have  a  fiber  backhaul.  a  wireless  or  cellular  backhaul  connection  can  be  used  instead,  which  can  be  pointtopoint  so  only  a  limited  number  of  kiosks  can  upload  to  the  cloud.  a  small  cell  hosted  on  the  kiosk  can  not  only  provide  increased  cellular  coverage,  but  also  double  as  a  wireless  backhaul  connection.  the  ethernet  switch  provides  network  connectivity  to  all  the  different  components  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  kiosk,  in  addition  to  providing  separation  between  internal  and  external  networks  for  security.  these  are  key  to  the  services  the  kiosk  provides  and  the  number  of  peripherals  required  depends  on  the  specific  function  and  use  case  for  the  kiosk.  payments,  usb  charging,  wifi/beacon,  voip  including  911/311  type  emergency  service  are  user  interactive  services  while  camera,  sensors  including  audio,  small  cell  and  control  are  background  services  for  monitoring.  not  all  smart  city  kiosks  will  have  the  architecture  elements  described  above,  specifically  the  peripheral  section  will  be  different  based  on  the  usage  model.  for  most  part,  the  embedded  device  architecture  and
__label__interactivedisplays infrastructure  pieces  would  remain  constant  across  the  different  options.  the  interconnections  and  data  sharing  will  bring  about  continuing  innovations  for  smart  city  kiosk  architecture,  adding  more  value  to  citizens,  city  planners  and  businesses.  a  vast  amount  of  data  is  being  captured  by  a  kiosk  as  citizens  interact  with  it.  this  data  provides  insights  into  what  has  been  important  to  the  public  during  their  interaction,  as  well  as  useful  information  on  the  area  the  kiosk  has  been  deployed  in.  this  could  include  busy  periods,  number  of  people  in  the  city  center,  demographics,  pollution  levels  during  the  day,  highest  traffic  in  the
__label__interactivedisplays day  and  so  on.  in  addition  to  cameras,  the  smart  city  kiosk  has  surveillance,  earthquake  and  air  quality  monitoring  capabilities.  these  capabilities  are  also  present  in  standalone  connected  devices  across  the  city.  a  smart  city  kiosk  can  act  as  a  central  point,  consuming  and  distributing  information  to  other  connected  devices.  offering  more  real  time,  pertinent  information  to  the  public  now  becomes  feasible.  in  addition  it  provides  an  aggregated  view  across  a  certain  region  to  the  city  planners.  the  transformative  nature  of  a  smart  city  kiosk  will  truly  be  realised  when  imagined  as  an  edge  device  interacting  with  a  number  of
__label__interactivedisplays other  iot  devices  that  will  be  publishing  and  consuming  data.  given  the  amount  of  data  that  is  generated  by  a  smart  city  kiosk,  low  latency  processing  can  be  achieved  by  an  edge  system  that  can  be  used  in  one  kiosk  per  block  or  in  the  ratio  of  1:10.  an  application  view  of  such  a  configuration  would  look  as  follows:  figure  2.  application  view  this  edge  system  can  be  used  to  gather  environmental  data  from  nearby  kiosks,  either  to  localize  any  events  or  to  predict  movement  of  people  in  a  given  urban  area.  in  addition  to  analytics  the  edge  system  can
__label__interactivedisplays also  serve  as  a  storage  hub  for  media  content,  application  deployment  and  management.  if  events  are  taking  place  across  a  city,  such  as  cultural,  sporting  or  national  events,  the  kiosk  becomes  smarter  with  the  combined  data  from  them.  for  example,  transit  schedules  combined  with  event  information  can  be  used  to  provide  alternative  routes  to  the  city,  specify  preferred  modes  of  transportation  and  even  increase  parking  fees  in  order  to  deter  the  public  from  driving  in  to  the  city.  the  data  collected  across  many  months  will  make  the  system  even  more  intelligent;  it  can  now  provide  predictive  analytics  based  on  similar
__label__interactivedisplays or  the  same  event  taking  place  around  the  same  time  of  the  year.  this  becomes  a  truly  intelligent  system  that  provides  information  for  a  smarter  city.  lets  take  the  example  of  how  brands  may  interact  with  the  public.  it  would  now  be  possible  to  trigger  an  advert  for  a  cold  drink  as  soon  as  the  temperature  reaches  a  certain  number.  this  not  only  triggers  the  smart  city  kiosk,  but  the  sensor  information  can  be  taken  as  input  by  other  signage  devices  to  show  the  same  or  a  related  advert.  how  about  the  ability  to  get  a  special  discount  from  a
__label__interactivedisplays store  in  the  vicinity  by  simply  tapping  your  contactless  card  on  the  screen  and  redeeming  the  discount  automatically  when  youve  made  a  purchase  instore?  this  would  now  be  possible  with  the  engagement  of  local  businesses  who  may  want  to  target  the  public  in  the  vicinity  and  tempt  them  into  the  shop  with  a  special  offer.  the  same  concept  could  apply  to  pulling  in  customers  to  bars  and  restaurants.  in  the  event  of  an  emergency,  sensor  data,  audio  and  even  video  content  could  be  shared  with  emergency  services  to  act  appropriately.  these  are  all  interactions  made  possible  by  providing  the  right
__label__interactivedisplays data  to  the  audience  at  the  right  time,  therefore  giving  important  information  to  the  general  public  and  to  companies.  there  are  a  variety  of  data  sources;  both  structured  and  unstructured.  the  data  is  being  created  and  absorbed  to  make  city  living  more  enjoyable  and  providing  vital  information  in  real  time.  this  enables  the  city  to  cope  with  the  ever  increasing  demands  placed  on  it.  the  data  plays  a  crucial  role.  to  gather  and  disseminate  that  data,  core  technologies  such  as  iot,  connectivity  and  ai  offered  by  intel  are  being  adopted  by  kiosk  manufacturers  and  service  providers  in  an  architecture  similar
__label__interactivedisplays to  the  one  referenced  above.  the  current  generation  of  smart  city  kiosks  are  paid  for  through  advertisements.  but  there  is  potential  to  generate  revenue  using  the  data  generated.  this  data  is  provided  to  public  and  private  services  to  enhance  their  understanding  of  the  city.  this  will  create  new  streams  of  revenue  via  a  two  sided  business  model  between  the  api/data  creators  and  the  consumers  of  that  data.  smart  city  kiosks  are  expensive  systems  that  are  built  to  run  for  a  long  period  of  time.  therefore  they  have  to  be  deployed  with  high  reliability,  ease  of  maintenance  and  with  ease  of
__label__interactivedisplays upgradability.  there  needs  to  be  a  mechanism  for  easily  replacing  the  hardware  components  on  or  before  failure.  the  ability  to  selfmonitor  and  replace  components  ahead  of  failure  is  important.  the  intel  core  i5  processor  and  above  includes  support  for  intel  vpro  technology  or  intel  active  management  technology,  which  provides  oob  remote  management.  the  compute  can  be  managed  remotely  from  the  time  bios  is  loaded  at  start  up.  an  open  source  remote  management  software  sdk,  mesh  central,  with  its  associated  tools  such  as  mesh  commander,  is  also  available  to  remotely  provision  the  device  and  activate  intel  amt.  in  addition,  the  smart
__label__interactivedisplays city  kiosk  reference  architecture  can  also  include  a  failover  design  to  allow  the  functioning  system  to  seamlessly  take  over  so  the  kiosk  can  continue  functioning  until  remote  maintenance  is  started.  this  ensures  the  smart  city  kiosk  can  provide  visually  rich  graphics  and  video,  reliable  connectivity  and  hardened  security.  redundancy  across  all  critical  components  must  be  a  key  consideration  at  intel,  we  have  been  working  with  our  partners  to  build  reference  designs  and  productized  solutions  available  to  the  market.  as  part  of  the  we  have  a  number  of  partners  who  have  built  smart  city  kiosks  with  intel  technology  that  have  already
__label__interactivedisplays been  deployed  across  a  number  of  countries.  these  curated  solutions  are  built  for  quick  integration/deployment,  long  life  and  being  future  proof.  smart  city  kiosks  play  an  important  role  in  making  cities  smarter  and  promoting  community  participation  and  cooperation.  they  are  appearing  in  city  centres,  bus  and  train  stations,  airports,  gas  stations,  convention  centres  and  in  many  more  public  places.  according  to  the  location  where  they  are  deployed  the  functionality  provided  by  each  kiosk  and  the  applications  running  on  them  would  vary  to  best  support  those  interacting  with  it.  these  kiosks  generate  a  tremendous  amount  of  data  and  can  also  interact
__label__interactivedisplays with  other  iot  devices  to  enhance  the  experience  offered  to  those  interacting  with  it.  smart  city  kiosks  can  truly  transform  the  way  we  interact  with  cities  and  help  reduce  the  burden  on  critical  core  services  whilst  improving  the  lives  of  citizens  and  those  visiting  the  city.
__label__interactivedisplays realizing  the  promise  of  smart  cities.  smart  technologies  are  helping  cities,  municipalities,  and  regions  address  community  challenges,  better  allocate  resources,  and  plan  for  the  future  and  it  all  starts  with  data.  to  realize  the  smart  city  vision,  iot  has  played  an  integral  role.  different  aspects  of  the  life  of  a  city  can  be  captured  in  sensor  data  through  iot  connectivity.  however,  thats  only  one  piece  of  the  puzzle.  its  not  the  sensors  that  make  the  city  smart  its  the  ability  to  process  this  data  and  learn  from  all  the  data  that  empowers  better  decision  making.  today,  we  are  seeing  many
__label__interactivedisplays cities  put  their  data  and  digital  technologies  to  work  to  improve  parking,  traffic  congestion,  water  consumption,  waste  management,  and  public  safety,  to  name  a  few,  to  effectively  respond  to  the  needs  of  their  citizens.  according  to  a  ,  smart  city  initiatives  have  significant  potential  to  improve  quality  of  life  that  has  not  yet  been  realized.  the  study  found  that  cities  with  smart  technologies  could:  investment  in  smart  city  initiatives  continues  to  rise.  by  2022,  that  global  spending  on  smart  city  initiatives  will  grow  to  158  billion  from  the  projected  81  billion  in  2018.  how  are  leading  cities  implementing  iot  and
__label__interactivedisplays smart  technologies?  here  are  five  popular  use  cases:  in  1997,  sweden  launched  vision  zero,  a  program  which  aimed  to  eliminate  deaths  and  serious  injuries  on  its  roads.  today,  vision  zero  has  attracted  global  attention  by  swedens  ability  to  cut  traffic  deaths  in  half  in  the  span  of  two  decades.  according  to  ,  the  essence  of  vision  zero  is  the  action  of  continuously  and  preemptively  removing  the  very  possibility  of  violence  both  serious  injury  and  death  from  our  transportation  systems.  when  you  look  at  countries  with  the  lowest  levels  of  traffic  fatalities,  each  case  is  an  evidencedbased  approach  that  focuses  on
__label__interactivedisplays improving  infrastructure  and  regulations  of  vehicles  and  appropriate  speed  limits.  knowing  where,  when  and  why  collisions,  injuries  and  deaths  are  happening  is  crucial  to  successfully  eliminate  traffic  fatalities.  it  also  requires  the  ability  to  respond  to  recent  incidents  and  occurring  trends.  iotenabled  programs  can  play  a  role  in  achieving  a  true  vision  zero  system.  by  tracking  and  monitoring  collision  data  using  existing  systems,  policy  decisionmakers  are  able  to  turn  data  into  action.  small  steps  can  make  significant  progress  towards  eliminating  traffic  deaths  and  injuries.  for  example,  cities  can  understand  traffic  patterns,  accident  hot  spots  and  volumes  of  cars,  pedestrians  and
__label__interactivedisplays bicycles  with  bluetoothsensing  technology  and  cameras.  using  this  data,  real  steps  can  be  taken  to  eliminate  traffic  injury  and  death,  such  as  adding  barriers,  changing  the  timing  of  lights,  reformulating  traffic  patterns,  or  adding  signage  or  high  visibility  markings,  to  name  a  few.  in  2014,  signed  a  vision  zero  plan  which  sought  to  eliminate  traffic  fatalities  by  2024.  by  deploying  smart  technologies,  the  city  identified  the  12  of  streets  where  more  than  70  of  deaths/severe  injuries  to  pedestrians,  cyclists  or  drivers  occur.  using  years  of  data,  the  city  is  now  able  to  identify  where  the  most  investment  in  engineering,  education
__label__interactivedisplays and  enforcement  should  be  focused  to  have  the  greatest  impact  on  reducing  traffic  fatalities  throughout  the  city.  in  cities  like  barcelona  and  san  francisco,  iot  sensors  are  helping  drivers  locate  empty  parking  spots  in  the  citys  parking  garages  and  streets  by  alerting  users  to  open  spaces,  to  help  ease  traffic  congestion  and  the  tireless  circling  of  city  streets.  embedding  sensors  in  the  ground  or  cameras  on  light  poles  and  building  structures  can  determine  whether  a  parking  space  is  available  or  occupied.  data  aggregated  from  these  sensors  can  create  a  realtime  parking  map  for  drivers  to  use  on  their  mobile  devices.
__label__interactivedisplays using  sensors  in  traffic  lights  can  help  cities  optimize  route  times  and  decrease  congestion  when  needed.  the  data  from  traffic  lights  can  be  used  for  predictive  analytics  to  understand  traffic  patterns,  accident  hot  spots,  and  for  monitoring  green  light  timing  to  prevent  congestion.  here  are  how  a  few  cities  are  using  data  from  streets  lights  to  optimize  road  conditions  and  better  manage  traffic  flow:  copenhagen  uses  sensors  to  monitor  bike  traffic  in  real  time.  the  valuable  information  collected  has  led  to  improving  bike  routes  in  a  city  where  40  of  residents  commute  by  bike  each  day.  new  york  city  wanted
__label__interactivedisplays to  learn  where  drivers  made  frequent  hard  brakes  or  sharp  turns  because  of  traffic,  and  so  they  launched  a  connected  car  program  in  2015  in  order  to  collect  this  data,  with  the  goal  of  reducing  traffic  congestion  and  improving  road  conditions.  in  san  antonio,  the  city  has  the  ability  to  turn  lights  up  and  down  based  on  road  conditions,  such  as  rain,  to  improve  visibility  and  help  reduce  accidents.  iot  data  combined  with  ai  can  help  to  uncover  patterns  of  how  citizens  use  public  transit.  in  london,  england,  the  city  combines  data  from  ticket  sales,  movement  sensors  and  platform  cameras
__label__interactivedisplays to  predict  how  each  car  will  load  with  passengers.  this  data  is  then  used  to  maximize  capacity  use  and  avoid  delays.  as  another  example,  a  major  canadian  city  is  improving  its  citizens  transit  experience  by  letting  transit  riders  confidently  plan  their  commute  with  certainty.  using  realtime  data  and  a  selflearning  algorithm,  the  citys  solution  accurately  predicts  transit  departure  times.  as  a  result,  transit  riders  can  consume  this  information  in  realtime  to  plan  their  commute  and  management  can  use  realtime  operations  dashboards  to  ensure  services  level  are  met.  in  the  long  term,  creating  a  better  transit  experience  where  riders  are  able
__label__interactivedisplays to  know  with  certainty  when  the  next  bus,  train  or  ferry  is  actually  going  to  depart  results  in  an  increase  in  ridership  and  a  cleaner  planet.  for  transit  management,  improving  management  of  transportation  assets  and  schedules  allows  the  organization  to  drive  operational  efficiencies.  speedy  response  and  immediate  action  are  critical  for  first  responders.  iot  and  vehicle  tracking  for  first  responders  doesnt  just  improve  efficiency,  but  also  impact  lives.  location  data  on  first  responders  has  provided  the  ability  to  streamline  operations  and  make  first  responders  more  effective  at  their  jobs.  for  example,  vehicles  are  actively  tracked,  which  allows  dispatchers  to  send
__label__interactivedisplays the  closest  responder  to  an  emergency  where  seconds  matter.  this  need  for  first  responder  vehicle  location  data  is  also  moving  towards  other  transportation  usage  in  cities.  in  canada,  were  seeing  this  applied  to  winter  road  maintenance.  the  understanding  of  snowclearing  vehicles  movements  and  usage,  such  as  plow  up/down  and  sanding/salting  conditions,  allows  planners  to  ensure  the  safety  of  streets.  additionally,  it  provides  the  opportunity  to  share  information  about  when  citizens  can  expect  snow  to  be  cleared  and  when  it  was  last  cleared,  for  better  transparency.  how  should  you  approach  your  smart  city  initiatives?  we  believe  the  smart  city  transformation  journey
__label__interactivedisplays is  different  for  each  city,  municipality  or  region.  smart  cities  should  not  be  approached  as  an  allencompassing  project,  but  rather  a  culture  that  seeks  out  improvements  using  data  and  ai  in  applications  and  infrastructure  as  soon  as  there  is  a  problem  or  opportunity  to  address.  its  important  for  cities  to  seek  out  publicprivate  partnerships  where  there  is  an  opportunity  to  knowledge  share  and  jointly  development.  many  cities  today  are  establishing  innovative  partnerships  to  accelerate  their  smart  city  goals  and  overcome  traditional  challenges.  by  taking  this  approach,  cities  can  take  advantage  of  the  multiplier  effect  through  data  sharing.  for  example,  police
__label__interactivedisplays services  capture  accident  data  which  can  be  shared  with  transportation  services  to  understand  hot  spots  of  accidents  to  reduce  future  accidents.  this  information,  shared  with  public  safety,  can  alert  citizens  to  be  more  diligent  in  the  hot  spot  areas  and  to  what  is  being  done  to  improve  the  situation.  when  all  of  this  is  shared  within  a  framework  of  open  government,  cities  will  be  able  to  discover  correlations  between  previously  undiscovered  data  sets.  no  matter  the  size  of  a  city  or  how  technologically  advanced  it  is,  there  are  always  ways  to  use  existing  data  and  infrastructure  and  derive  more  value
__label__interactivedisplays everyday  municipal  operations  are  made  more  efficient  with  lora  technologys  long  range,  low  power,  secure,  and  gpsfree  geolocation  features.  by  connecting  city  services  such  as  lighting,  parking,  waste  removal,  and  more,  cities  can  optimize  the  use  of  utilities  and  personnel  to  save  time  and  money.  see  how  lora  technology  has  enabled  operational  efficiencies  in  these  realworld  smart  city  applications.  orionm2mssmart  meters  and  luminaire  controllers  utilize  embedded  lora  technology  to  connect  to  the  cloud  via  public  lorawanbased  networks  and  oriongateways.  polysenses  lorabased  structure  health  monitoring  system  enables  remote  and  realtime  monitoring  of  building  structure  safety  and  integrity.  apanas  smart  water  utility
__label__interactivedisplays monitoring  system  leverages  lora  technology  to  save  businesses  like  costco  up  to  22  in  costs.  green  streams  lorabased  autonomous  flood  sensor  system  helps  to  build  safer,  more  resilient  communities.  xtelias  and  the  city  of  montreal  installed  lorabased  displays  to  show  bus  schedules  in  realtime,  offering  convenience  to  commuters.  ahoy  systems  smart  streetlighting  products  reduce  electricity  costs  without  compromising  infrastructure  quality  and  community  services.  argentinabased  yeap  has  made  public  lorawannetworks  widely  available  throughout  the  greater  latin  america  region,  enabling  lorabased  iot  solutions  in  the  region.  ubicquias  lorabased  gateway  module  consolidates  functionality  to  offer  a  costeffective  and  efficient  smart  street  lighting  platform.
__label__interactivedisplays thailands  kiwi  technology  collaborated  with  precise  digital  economy  to  develop  a  smart  city  network  of  lorabased  sensors  to  better  regulate  public  utilities.  elevenx  and  university  of  british  columbia  utilize  lorabased  sensors  to  remotely  monitor  waste  bin  capacities,  optimizing  maintenance  response.  machineq  has  strategically  deployed  lorawancoverage  in  dozens  of  top  u.s.  metropolitan  areas  and  major  comcast  markets,  so  businesses  can  connect  solutions  quickly,  with  reduced  cost.  dr.  peng  groups  residential  lpwan  networks  based  on  lora  technology  facilitate  the  deployment  of  smart  city  services  such  as  intelligent  street  lighting,  soil,  air  and  water  quality  monitoring,  intelligent  parking,  intelligent  trash  collection,  and  other
__label__interactivedisplays green  belt  management  services.  kotahinets  public  lorawanbased  network  provides  the  cook  islands  with  a  smart  sensing  infrastructure,  allowing  businesses  and  government  organizations  to  collect  and  analyze  environmental  data,  and  make  intelligent  decisions  about  their  business  operations  and  scarce  island  resources.  learn  more  about  specific  applications  of  lora  technology  in  smart  cities.  download  white  papers  for  exclusive  content  offering  more  thorough  technical  analyses  of  smart  city  applications.  videos  featuring  lorabased  smart  cities  applications  here.  find  reference  development  kits  for  lorabasedsolutions.  free  developer  building  blocks  for  lorabasedapplications.  connect.  learn.share.  search  for  solutions  in  our  marketplaceor  add  yourown  lorawan  academy  provides  iot  education
__label__interactivedisplays facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  japanese  utility  firm  nippon  gas  nicigas  announced  plans  to  upgrade  850,000  gas  meters  with  smart  capabilities  in  2020  using  a  retrofitted  gas  meter  reader  developed  by  unabiz  and  soracom,  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailtearing  down  departmental  data  silos  in  cities  remains  the  dream  for  smart  cities,  and  yet  it  is  still  out  of  reach.  german  industrial  giant  siemens  told  smart  city  expo  world  facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  nokia  has  signed  a  contract  with  telecommunications  service  provider  hutchison  3  indonesia  3id  to  provide  iot  coverage  to  enterprises  in  indonesia,  the  finnish  vendor  said  in  a  release.  nokia  facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  vodafone  business,  the  enterprise  unit  of  uk  telecommunications  group
__label__interactivedisplays vodafone,  has  signed  an  internet  of  things  iot  partnership  with  latin  american  telecom  carrier  america  movil,  the  former  said  in  facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  sprint  has  announced  the  availability  of  narrowband  iot  on  its  curiosity  iot  platform,  as  a  complement  to  the  nationwide  catm  rollout.  the  company  said  that  nbiot  technology  further  expands  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsierra  wireless  has  released  its  new  octave  iot  platform,  first  announced  in  june  as  an  integrated  offer  with  microsofts  azure  iot  cloud  solution.  it  claims  the  platform  is  unique  as  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailhitachi  vantara  has  introduced  a  suite  of  aiflavoured  industrial  iot  solutions  to  accelerate  digital  transformation  on  the  shop  floor  in
__label__interactivedisplays manufacturing  operations.  the  new  lumada  manufacturing  insights  package  applies  data  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailatt  has  joined  qualcomms  smart  cities  accelerator  programme,  which  now  counts  almost  70  members  and  met  for  the  first  time  in  san  diego  last  week.  the  initiative  has  been  convened  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailgooglebacked  analytics  provider  canvass  analytics  has  signed  with  the  two  largest  industrial  automation  companies  to  resell  its  takeaway  ai  solution  for  industrial  companies.  the  torontobased  firm,  founded  in  2016,  is  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailthe  operational  technology  ot  industry  moved  to  shore  up  its  position  as  the  arbiter  of  industrial  change  at  pi  world  2019  in  sweden  today  by  declaring  that  newfangled  digital  technologies
__label__interactivedisplays att  and  san  jos,  in  california,  have  signed  a  deal  worth  an  estimated  1  million  to  extend  wifi  coverage  and  build  smart  city  infrastructure  across  14  parks  around  the  city.  att  is  also  donating  200,000  to  help  stimulate  community  organisations  to  get  citizens  online  att  will  install  670  controllers  and  550  leds  on  the  citys  streetlighting  infrastructure.  alongside,  it  will  provide  over  100  wifi  extenders  for  public  internet  access  and  15  nodes  for  new  public  city  solutions;  both  of  these  will  also  attach  to  the  citys  lighting  poles.  the  programme  is  geared  towards  closing  the  digital  divide  in  the  city,
__label__interactivedisplays and  bringing  new  efficiency  gains  to  city  operations,  better  lighting  to  streets  and  public  spaces,  and  a  closer  watch  on  public  safety.  atts  ,  which  attach  to  lighting  poles,  establish  a  platform  for  multiple  types  of  sensors.  they  are  integrated  into  a  single  piece  of  hardware,  with  onboard  edge  compute  functions,  and  offer  data  streams  that  can  be  used  to  study  traffic  patterns,  pedestrian  behaviour,  parking,  and  environmental  factors.  the  200,000  donation  from  att  will  go  to  help  local  community  organisations  tackle  the  digital  divide.  att  said  seniors,  youth,  and  underrepresented  groups  will  benefit  from  resources,  including  digital  literacy  training
__label__interactivedisplays and  access  to  devices.  meanwhile,  firstnet  services  are  live  in  san  jos,  too.  att  and  the  first  responder  network  authority  have  reserved  socalled  band  14  spectrum  in  the  us  as  dedicated,  nationwide  platform  for  emergency  services,  .  sam  liccardo,  mayor  of  san  jos,  said:  our  publicprivate  partnership  with  att  offers  another  example  of  how  san  jos  is  working  collaboratively  with  companies  to  improve  our  community  and  solve  problems  with  technology.  together  were  working  to  close  the  digital  divide,  improve  lighting  and  public  safety  in  our  parks,  and  minimize  our  environmental  impact  along  the  way.  michael  zeto,  vice  president  and  general
__label__interactivedisplays manager  of  smart  cities  at  att,  said:  by  taking  a  programmatic  approach  to  smart  cities  deployments,  cities  can  truly  optimize  their  investments  in  technology.  our  smart  lighting  controllers  will  help  san  jos  reduce  energy  usage  and  improve  efficiencies  across  the  city  a  win  for  the  community  and  the  environment.  att  claims  to  have  invested  45.8  million  in  california  during  20152017,  via  various  iotforgood  giving  programs  across  the  state.  san  jos  was  among  the  seven  cities  in  the  us  where  att  switched  on  5g  services  in  april;  the  others  were  austin,  los  angeles,  nashville,  orlando,  san  diego,  and  san  francisco.  att
__label__interactivedisplays has  5g  in  19  cities  in  the  us,  as  it  stands.  att  has  spoken  with  enterprise  iot  insights  variously  about  the  opportunity  for  carriers  like  att  to  wrap  discussion  of  smart  city  solutions  into  their  for  new  5g  networks.  in  an  extensive  interview  a  t  mwc  2019  in  barcelona,  zeto  told  enterprise  iot  insights  att  was  among  the  one  or  two  leading  operators  globally  on  the  smartcities  scene  we  were  the  first  carrier  to  stand  up  a  dedicated  smart  cities  business,  and  that  was  three  years  ago.  we  are  doing  many  commercial  engagements.  business  is  profitable.  and  i  would  say
__label__interactivedisplays we  are  the  leader  in  the  space  from  a  carrier  perspective  definitely  in  the  us,  and  were  probably  top  oneortwo  globally  from  a  carrier  perspective.  he  added:  what  i  can  say  is  we  wouldnt  be  in  this  business  if  it  didnt  make  sense.  but  we  recognise  there  is  a  long  tail.  this  is  the  public  sector.  it  cant  just  be  about  money.  theres  a  lot  more  goodness  that  can  be  driven  as  a  large  corporate.  you  need  that  approach.  check  out  the  full  interview  ;  for  an  indepth  review  of  the  state  of  the  smart  cities  market,  check  out  our
__label__interactivedisplays editorial  report,  how  to  buy  and  sell  a  smart  city,  .  related  related  james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for  over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business  in  western  europe.  he  is  based  in  london.
__label__interactivedisplays thanks  to  the  everincreasing  expansion  of  the  iot  connected  devices  such  as  smart  phones,  smart  trains  and  smart  homes  the  tantalising  idea  of  the  smart  city  is  fast  becoming  a  reality.  the  smart  city  label  refers  to  the  notion  of  harnessing  the  power  of  the  iot  to  improve  the  running  of  our  municipal  and  civic  amenities  and  infrastructure,  covering  everything  from  power  distribution  and  transport  systems  to  rubbish  collection.  global  mobile  and  broadband  powerhouse  telefonica  known  to  most  of  us  in  europe  as  o2  has  invested  heavily  in  the  smart  city  concept,  rolling  out  many  initiatives  and  pilots,  particularly  in
__label__interactivedisplays its  home  country,  spain.  i  talked  to  telefonicas  global  product  manager  for  smart  cities,  sergio  garcia  gomez,  about  how  the  company  began  this  journey  by  identifying  six  critical  verticals:  transport,  parking,  tourism,  street  lighting,  environment  and  refuse  collection.  all  six  are  areas  of  civic  administration  where  efficiencies  could  be  delivered,  with  relative  speed,  through  iot  projects,  either  using  existing  infrastructure  or  new  technology  that  could  be  deployed  easily  and  quickly.  in  waste  management,  for  example,  sensors  are  attached  to  refuse  containers  to  report,  in  real  time,  how  close  they  are  to  capacity,  which  allows  city  officials  or  contractors  to  allocate
__label__interactivedisplays resources  for  emptying  them  far  more  efficiently.  the  added  benefit  is  that  kpis  can  be  linked  more  closely  to  real,  bottomline  impact  like  how  many  bins  are  about  to  overflow  but  wont  be  cleared  within  the  next  few  hours.  this  is  changing  the  way  that  services  in  these  cities  are  being  contracted,  garcia  gomez  tells  me.  the  service  provider  has  20  kpis  that  they  have  to  meet  to  get  their  bonus.  playing  on  the  abundance  of  connected  devices  available  these  days,  different  apps  can  be  developed  to  allow  smart  city  residents  to  get  involved.  for  example,  local  residents  can  tag
__label__interactivedisplays overflowing  refuse  containers  in  their  neighbourhood  using  a  simple  smartphone  app,  or  let  officials  know  about  offensive  graffiti.  parking  is  becoming  more  and  more  of  an  issue  in  our  congested  cities,  and  this  is  another  area  telefonica  is  tackling  through  pilots  in  a  number  of  cities,  including  valencia.  in  the  smart  city,  parking  is  monitored  using  sensors  in  parking  spaces.  this  gives  officials  critical,  realtime  data  on  the  density  of  parking  right  across  the  city.  using  this  information,  city  officials  can  set  parking  fees  that  create  a  more  even  parking  distribution,  as  well  as  reduce  congestion  and  pollution.  and  in
__label__interactivedisplays another  example  described  by  garcia  gomez,  air  quality  and  pollution  levels  are  monitored.  weather  data  and  information  from  air  quality  monitoring  stations  is  used  to  make  better  decisions  on  when  to  impose  motorway  speed  limits,  thereby  helping  to  reduce  the  level  of  pollution  in  a  given  area.  air  quality  and  parking  data  also  feed  into  another  telefonica  smart  city  vertical:  transport.  sensors  measuring  traffic  movement  report  on  the  intensity  of  traffic  throughout  the  city,  enabling  the  use  of  intelligent  signage  that  changes  and  reacts  in  real  time,  and  other  trafficeasing  policies  like  flexible  parking  tariffs.  the  traffic  initiative  is  also
__label__interactivedisplays being  rolled  out  in  the  uk,  in  partnership  with  highways  england.  telefonicas  smart  city  platform  is  based  on  open  source  standards,  and  brings  together  data  from  many  services  in  the  city,  using  both  private  e.g.  sensor  and  public  e.g.  demographic  and  population  data.  weve  been  hearing  about  smart  cities  for  a  little  while  now,  but  this  case  study  shows  us  how  these  schemes  are  fast  becoming  a  reality,  and  are  already  making  life  in  cities  better  for  the  people  who  live  in  them.  perhaps  the  key  to  success  in  telefonicas  case  is  how  they  have  learned  to  share  data  across
__label__interactivedisplays verticals  to  create  additional  efficiencies  and  leverage  data  in  the  best  way  possible.  in  the  same  way,  a  collaborative  and  open  approach  to  data  collection  and  analysis  is  much  more  likely  to  pay  off  across  a  company,  as  opposed  to  a  data  strategy  thats  restricted  by  siloes.  written  by  bernard  marr  is  an  internationally  bestselling  author,  futurist,  keynote  speaker,  and  strategic  advisor  to  companies  and  governments.  he  advises  and  coaches  many  of  the  worlds  bestknown  organisations  on  strategy,  digital  transformation  and  business  performance.  linkedin  has  recently  ranked  bernard  as  one  of  the  top  5  business  influencers  in  the  world  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  no  1  influencer  in  the  uk.  he  has  authored  16  bestselling  books,  is  a  frequent  contributor  to  the  world  economic  forum  and  writes  a  regular  column  for  forbes.  every  day  bernard  actively  engages  his  almost  2  million  social  media  followers  and  shares  content  that  reaches  millions  of  readers.  bernard  marr  2019  by  bernard  marr  2019  web  seo  by
__label__interactivedisplays despite  the  global  smart  city  hype,  with  daily  headlines  about  new  smart  city  projects,  cities  competing  to  be  the  smartest  and  governments  around  the  world  investing  billions  in  smart  cities,  i  frequently  hear  someone  say  but  what  is  a  smart  city?.  today,  many  of  us  turn  to  google  to  find  quick  answers,  and  when  googling  this  specific  question,  one  of  the  first  results  is  from  wikipedia,  which  currently  summarizes  a  smart  city  as  a  smart  city  is  an  urban  area  that  uses  different  types  of  electronic  data  collection  sensors  to  supply  information  which  is  used  to  manage  assets  and  resources
__label__interactivedisplays efficiently.  another  online  dictionary  defines  a  smart  city  as  a  developed  urban  area  that  creates  sustainable  economic  development  and  high  quality  of  life  by  excelling  in  multiple  key  areas;  economy,  mobility,  environment,  people,  living,  and  government.  there  are  a  wide  range  of  definitions  for  what  makes  a  smart  city.  as  the  diagram  below  shows,  there  are  a  lot  of  potential  factors  that  can  contribute  to  a  city  being  considered  smart  and  the  below  list  is  not  exhaustive,  a  little  searching  online  and  you  will  find  several  similar  diagrams  each  with  a  slight  tweak  on  the  smart  city  ecosystem.  source:  .
__label__interactivedisplays the  government  in  india  has  chosen  a  humble,  objective  approach  when  answering  this  delicate  question  by  stating  the  answer  is,  there  is  no  universally  accepted  definition  of  a  smart  city.  it  means  different  things  to  different  people.  the  conceptualization  of  smart  city,  therefore,  varies  from  city  to  city  and  country  to  country,  depending  on  the  level  of  development,  willingness  to  change  and  reform,  resources  and  aspirations  of  the  city  residents.  source:  to  make  this  topic  more  tangible,  i  prefer  to  focus  on  some  of  the  key  objectives  that  most  smart  city  projects  are  designed  to  achieve.  i  initiated  this  approach
__label__interactivedisplays about  a  year  ago,  when  i  was  asked  to  talk  about  smart  cities  to  system  integrators  and  city  representatives  in  glasgow,  scotland.  based  on  their  response,  i  have  continued  to  share  this  objectivebased  explanation  of  a  smart  city  with  city  officials,  journalists,  technology  partners  and  colleagues  around  the  world.  often  with  the  same  result  now  it  makes  more  sense  to  me.  so  instead  of  talking  about  smart  parking,  smart  healthcare,  smart  agriculture,  smart  transportation,  smart  government,  smart  energy  or  smart  this  or  that,  one  can  look  at  how  smart  city  initiatives  are  initiated  to  achieve  one  or  more  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays following  objectives:  successful  smart  city  projects,  regardless  of  their  core  objectives,  will  help  cities  get  closer  to  their  ultimate  goal  to  improve  the  overall  quality  of  life,  or  in  smart  city  terms,  livability  .  six  key  smart  city  objectives  to  make  cities  more  livable  smart  city  projects  also  share  three  common  technology  cornerstones  iot  sensors,  connectivity,  and  data.  the  sensors  are  represented  by  any  connected  device  that  supply  information  to  the  network,  connectivity  is  provided  by  fixed  or  wireless  networks,  and  data  represent  the  storage,  analysis  and  presentation  of  realtime  and  historical  data.  by  connecting  these  three  cornerstones,  cities  are
__label__interactivedisplays provided  with  a  powerful  platform  for  new  and  more  efficient  ways  of  creating  more  livable  cities.  this  is  well  demonstrated  by  the  following  smart  city  use  cases:  each  of  these  use  cases  addresses  more  than  one  of  the  six  key  smart  city  objectives  listed  above,  and  are  based  on  different  combinations  of  sensors,  connectivity  and  data.  and  next  time  you  hear  about  a  smart  city  project,  it  can  be  helpful  to  ask  yourself  which  of  the  six  key  smart  city  objectives  the  project  addresses  and  how  it  uses  sensors,  connectivity  and  data  to  improve  the  overall  qualityoflife  or  livability  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  city.  if  you  do  this,  it  is  likely  that  you  soon  will  be  much  closer  to  having  an  answer  to  what  the  heck  a  smart  city  really  is.  read  about  why  it  is  important  to  break  down  the  silos  in  order  to  create  efficient  smart  cities.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  sachin  reddy  says:  jordan  belfort  says:  kaitlyn  kristy  says:  jack  smith  says:  if  you  are  a  buyer  or  user  of  security  solutions,  then  you  have  come  to  the  right  place.  we  created  this  blog  to  help  businesses  like  yours  learn  the  ins  and  outs  of  surveillance,
__label__interactivedisplays getting  insights  to  intelligent  security  solutions  and  show  how  it  can  help  you  gain  business  intelligence.  all  to  support  our  vision  of  a  smarter,  safer  world.  the  comments  are  moderated.  comments  will  appear  as  soon  as  they  are  approved  by  the  moderator.  security  covers  a  lot  of  areas,  so  weve  organized  our  thoughts  by  some  specific  topic  categories.  2019  .  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays design  news  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  serving  the  21st  century  design  engineer  user  interfaces  in  industrial  controls  have  evolved  significantly  in  recent  years.  while  beginning  as  dumb  terminals,  they  have  moved  to  touchscreens  that  can  be  used  on  phone  and  tablet  apps.  in  the  world  of  connected  devices  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iot,  the  human
__label__interactivedisplays machine  interface  hmi  becomes  particularly  challenging.  the  control  engineers  want  to  see  all  aspects  of  plant  activityfrom  production  to  the  health  of  equipment.  and  they  want  to  see  the  data  from  any  locationon  any  device.  hmi  tools  come  in  a  wide  range  of  shapes  and  sizes,  from  large  control  panels  to  android  or  ios  phones.  in  addition  to  portability,  they  feature  touchscreen  capabilities.  image  source:  schneider  electric  with  the  proliferation  of  connected  devices,  there  is  a  growing  expectation  that  engineers  can  use  their  phones  and  tablets  to  communicate  with  the  plant  and  even  interact  with  plant  processes  and  equipment.  everybody
__label__interactivedisplays wants  to  jump  on  the  new  bandwagon.  i  was  working  on  iot  before  it  was  called  that.  it  was  getting  used  at  mit  many  years  ago,  charles  lord,  president  of  ,  told  design  news  .  more  and  more  people  are  becoming  enamored  of  the  idea  of  using  a  phone  and  an  app  in  order  to  talk  to  devices.  lord  will  look  at  the  evolution  of  hmiparticularly  as  it  relates  to  the  iiotin  his  session,  ,  at  the  on  wednesday,  october  31.  during  the  session,  lord  will  look  at  some  case  studies  from  industrial  and  medical  applications  and  how  each  performed
__label__interactivedisplays with  various  hmi  implementations.  he  will  look  at  hmi  examples  of  everything  from  simple  led  indicators  through  alphanumeric  and  graphical  touch  displays  and  remote  displays,  such  as  phone  and  tablet  apps.  control  engineers  want  the  functionality  of  their  control  panels  to  be  available  on  their  handheld  devices,  whether  its  a  tablet  or  a  phone.  thats  not  necessarily  a  simple  request.  i  had  a  client  with  a  controller  that  assembles  a  large  piece  of  equipment.  rather  than  having  just  a  touchscreen,  lcd,  or  led  control  panel,  he  asked  whether  he  could  use  his  phone  or  tablet  to  work  with  this  thing,
__label__interactivedisplays said  lord.  as  design  engineers,  we  have  to  take  what  weve  learned  about  hmi  and  the  iot  and  build  a  graphical  user  interface  gui  on  an  lcd  and  move  it  to  something  that  can  be  handheld.  the  equipment  on  the  plant  floor  and  the  devices  in  the  engineers  hand  are  not  a  simple  matter  of  plug  and  play.  its  not  easy  to  create  an  hmi  that  works  with  all  devices,  said  lord.  an  individual  computer  is  not  always  compatible  with  other  computers,  and  not  all  handheld  devices  work  the  same  way.  creating  a  program  that  allows  android  or  ios  to
__label__interactivedisplays get  devices  to  work  is  a  challenge.  part  of  the  process  of  making  control  panel  functionality  available  on  the  handheld  device  is  to  limit  the  functions  of  the  handheld  device  as  it  interacts  with  plant  equipment  and  an  iot  system.  in  working  with  the  handheld  devicesmostly  androidyou  have  to  make  the  connection  to  iot  devices  as  lowendcompatible  as  possible,  said  lord.  if  youre  not  using  some  of  the  newer  features,  its  not  as  difficult.  nearfield  communications  works  with  many  of  the  devices  ive  designed.  also,  it  helps  to  limit  how  you  use  some  of  the  phones  features.  do  you  really
__label__interactivedisplays need  gps  to  communicate  with  the  devices?  making  the  right  choice  on  connectivity  is  also  critical  when  youre  taking  controlpanel  functions  to  the  mobile  hmi  device.  we  have  so  many  choices  for  connectivity:  nearfield  communication,  bluetooth,  wifi,  and  cellular  technologies,  said  lord.  wifi  requires  a  separate  router,  and  cell  requires  a  decent  signal,  which  is  not  always  available.  then  theres  the  challenge  of  managing  the  app  on  the  handheld  device.  do  you  go  to  the  device  store  and  download  an  applicationand  log  into  whatever  device  youre  talking  to?  if  so,  how  do  you  control  whos  using  the  app?  can  someone
__label__interactivedisplays else  download  the  app  and  log  in?  there  has  to  be  some  sort  of  security.  rob  spiegel  has  covered  automation  and  control  for  17  years,  15  of  them  for  design  news  .  other  topics  he  has  covered  include  supply  chain  technology,  alternative  energy,  and  cyber  security.  for  10  years,  he  was  owner  and  publisher  of  the  food  magazine  chile  pepper.  the  continuing  education  center  offers  engineers  an  entirely  new  way  to  get  the  education  they  need  to  formulate  nextgeneration  solutions.  focus  on  fundamentals  consists  of  45minute  online  classes  that  cover  a  host  of  technologies.  you  learn  without  leaving  the  comfort
__label__interactivedisplays of  your  desk.  all  classes  are  taught  by  subjectmatter  experts  and  all  are  archived.  so  if  you  cant  attend  live,  attend  at  your  convenience.  recommended  reading  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__interactivedisplays a  hrefupcomingwebinarsimg  src/themes/aistheme/content/images/btnupcomingwebinars.gif  altupcoming  webinars  //a  human  machine  interface  technology  definition  of  traditional  hmis:  the  human  machine  interface  hmi,  sometimes  also  commonly  referred  to  as  the  operator  interface  terminal  oit  or  man  machine  interface  mmi,  is  the  part  of  the  machine  that  handles  human  interaction.  the  hmi  in  a  manufacturing  or  process  control  system  is  the  user  interface  that  provides  control,  monitoring  and  visualization  between  a  human  and  a  process,  machine,  application  or  appliance.  different  platforms  types  of  hmis:  the  definition  of  hmis,  touchscreen  panel  pcs  and  user  interfaces  in  general  have  changed  over  the  last  decade,  however  there  are
__label__interactivedisplays a  few  distinct  differences.  proprietary  hmi  platforms:  open  hmi  platforms:  aiss  hmi  operator  panels  are  open,  pcbased  systems  which  provide  graphicsbased  visualization  of  industrial  control  and  monitoring  systems,  machinery,  data  processing  and/or  motion  control  systems.  an  open  system  provides  the  oem  and  enduser  more  options,  flexibility  and  power  for  application  development  at  more  affordable  prices  that  closed  or  proprietary  hmi  systems.  hmis  and  panel  pcs  fall  into  two  distinct  category  types  for  application  requirements.  again,  the  definitions  crossover  here  as  well,  but  the  primary  differences  lie  in  how  an  hmi  is  classified.  hmis  fall  in  two  different  categories:  either  a
__label__interactivedisplays standard  terminal  or  a  rugged  terminal.  standard  hmis  rugged  hmis:  several  new  internetbased  tcp/ipenabled  technologies  are  changing  how  businesses  think,  manage  and  operate  industrial  and  commercial  facilities.  these  new  internet  protocol  ip  technologies  will  take  operational  efficiency,  performance  and  productivity  to  a  level  not  yet  achieved  and  not  imagined  a  decade  ago.  they  will  now  provide  almost  unlimited  control,  monitoring  and  visibility,  giving  users  more  data,  and  more  analytic  power  to  improve  actionable  decision  making.  ais  open  platform  hmis,  touch  panels  and  industrial  pcs  are  engineered  and  poised  to  address  the  requirements  of  these  burgeoning  and  exciting  new  developments  in
__label__interactivedisplays internet  technologies.  the  internet  of  things  iot  connects  a  wide  network  of  intelligent  devices  that  will  increase  automation  in  factories,  plants  and  buildings.  across  all  industries  and  markets,  increasingly  there  is  a  convergence  of  it  technologies  with  a  desire  to  bring  together  and  integrate  information  from  all  manufacturing,  plant,  service  and  enterprise  operations.  converging  human  machine  interface  hmi,  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada,  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes  and  field  service  management  fsm  platforms  help  users  better  visualize  both  key  automation  and  business  metrics.  companies  can  improve  measurement  and  evaluation  of  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  total  cost  of  ownership  tco
__label__interactivedisplays and  energy  costs  to  help  maximize  the  productivity  and  profitability  of  their  businesses.  a  programmable  logic  controller  plc  or  programmable  controller  is  a  digital  computer  used  for  automation  of  electromechanical  processes,  such  as  control  of  machinery  on  factory  assembly  lines,  amusement  rides,  or  light  fixtures.  plcs  are  used  in  many  industries  and  machines.  unlike  generalpurpose  computers,  the  plc  is  designed  for  multiple  inputs  and  output  arrangements,  extended  temperature  ranges,  immunity  to  electrical  noise,  and  resistance  to  vibration  and  impact.  programs  to  control  machine  operation  are  typically  stored  in  batterybackedup  or  nonvolatile  memory.  a  plc  is  an  example  of  a  hard
__label__interactivedisplays real  time  system  since  output  results  must  be  produced  in  response  to  input  conditions  within  a  limited  time,  otherwise  unintended  operation  will  result.  plcs  are  programmed  using  application  software  on  personal  computers.  the  computer  is  connected  to  the  plc  through  ethernet,  rs232,  rs485  or  rs422  cabling.  the  programming  software  allows  entry  and  editing  of  the  ladderstyle  logic.  generally,  the  software  provides  functions  for  debugging  and  troubleshooting  the  plc  software,  for  example,  by  highlighting  portions  of  the  logic  to  show  current  status  during  operation  or  via  simulation.  the  software  will  upload  and  download  the  plc  program,  for  backup  and  restoration  purposes.
__label__interactivedisplays in  some  models  of  programmable  controller,  the  program  is  transferred  from  a  personal  computer  to  the  plc  through  a  programming  board  which  writes  the  program  into  a  removable  chip  such  as  an  eeprom  or  eprom.  plcs  may  need  to  interact  with  people  for  the  purpose  of  configuration,  alarm  reporting  or  everyday  control.  a  human  machine  interface  hmi  is  employed  for  this  purpose.  hmis  are  also  referred  to  as  manmachine  interfaces  mmis  and  graphical  user  interface  guis.  a  simple  system  may  use  buttons  and  lights  to  interact  with  the  user.  text  displays  are  available  as  well  as  graphical  touch  screens.  more
__label__interactivedisplays complex  systems  use  programming  and  monitoring  software  installed  on  a  computer,  with  the  plc  connected  via  a  communication  interface.  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  is  a  type  of  industrial  control  system  ics,  which  are  computer  controlled  systems  that  monitor  and  control  industrial  processes  that  exist  in  the  physical  world.  scada  systems  historically  distinguish  themselves  from  other  ics  systems  by  being  large  scale  processes  that  can  include  multiple  sites,  and  large  distances.  these  processes  include  industrial,  infrastructure,  and  facilitybased  processes,  described  as  follows:  industrial  processes  include  those  of  manufacturing,  production,  power  generation,  fabrication,  and  refining,  and  may  run  in  continuous,
__label__interactivedisplays batch,  repetitive,  or  discrete  modes.  infrastructure  processes  may  be  public  or  private,  and  include  water  treatment  and  distribution,  wastewater  collection  and  treatment,  oil  and  gas  pipelines,  electrical  power  transmission  and  distribution,  wind  farms,  civil  defense  siren  systems,  and  large  communication  systems.  facility  processes  occur  both  in  public  facilities  and  private  ones,  including  buildings,  airports,  ships,  and  space  stations.  they  monitor  and  control  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  systems  hvac,  access,  and  energy  consumption.  aiss  newest  family  of  industrial  pcs  feature  a  highly  modular  design  and  provide  a  complete  range  of  hmi  solutions  that  allows  both  touchscreen  display  and  box  pc
__label__interactivedisplays built  to  specific  customer  needs  and  requirements.  ais  industrial  touch  screen  hmis  also  offer  an  openarchitecture  that  allows  communication  with  programmable  logic  controllers  plc,  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  systems,  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes,  distributed  control  systems  dcs,  industrial  control  systems  ics  and/or  field  service  management  systems  fsm.  an  open  platform  hmi  ensures  network  security  and  enables  users  to  leverage  new  field  mobility,  industrial  automation,  m2m,  industry  4.0  and  iot  applications.  finally,  all  ais  automation  panels  and  mobile  panels  are  rugged  and  certified  ul  623681,  csa  c22.2  no.  623681/ul  623681  and  iecee  cb  ul  610101,  ul  610102201,  can/csac22.2  no.
__label__interactivedisplays 61010112  and  iecee  cb  ul  class  i  division  2,  atex  and  iecex  zone  2  for  automation  applications  calling  for  maintenancefree,  harsh  and/or  standard  industrial  environments.  ais  compact  hmi  panel  pcs  are  equipped  with  nema  4/ip65compliant  aluminum  front  bezel,  corrosion  resistant  surface.  integrated  with  an  intel  celeron  processor  n2930,  onboard  nonvolatile  ddr3l1333  memory  and  a  standard  sd  card  slot,  the  new  series  of  touch  panels  deliver  a  great  combination  of  performance,  features  and  functionality  at  an  affordable  price.  the  compact  line  of  hmis  come  standard  with  windows  embedded  compact  7,  embedded  7  or  8  32/64bit  operating  systems  and  are  available  in
__label__interactivedisplays a  variety  of  screen  sizes  7  to  21.5  in  both  single  and  multitouch.  these  systems  offer  realtime  performance,  compact  and  lightweight  aluminum  diecast  housing  and  are:  easy  to  service,  maintenancefree,  spacesaving,  fanless,  able  to  withstand  high  electromagnetic  environments  and  are  resistant  to  shock  and  vibration.  moreover  these  come  with  ul  listing  and  cb  scheme  certificate  and  are:  simpler,  smarter,  and  more  costeffective  allinone  solutions.  ais  offers  the  greatest  value,  feature  set  and  capabilities  for  use  24/7  at  machine  level  hmi,  operator  control  and  visualization  applications.  ais  has  an  extensive  set  of  tools  for  hmi  panels  displays  design,  simulation,  and  testing.
__label__interactivedisplays we  offer  a  wide  range  of  electrical,  software,  mechanical,  health,  safety,  and  the  environmental  design  capabilities.  ais  designs  to  meet:  automotive,  industrial,  commercial,  hazardous,  military,  marine,  iso,  iec,  ul,  ce,  mil,  dnv,  atex,  sae  and/or  customer  specific  applications.  ais  implements  the  latest  quality  control  practices  and  techniques  apqp,  fmea,  gage  rr,  pvv,  spc  car/capa  to  meet  the  demands  of  international  regulations  and  standards  iso  9001:2008  and  iso/ts16949.  designing  breakthrough  technologies  with  people,  the  environment  profitability  in  mind  ais  aspires  for  total  excellence  in  everything  we  do.  creative  and  technical  problem  solvers  who  respond  critically  and  resourcefully  to  the  demands  of
__label__interactivedisplays technology  innovationa  company  who  appreciates  the  importance  of  technology  designed  for  life,  company  and  the  environmentand  a  resource  committed  to  sustainability,  profitability  and  efficiency.  this  sums  up  the  spirit  and  approach  of  the  ais  design  technology  team  when  solving  complex  engineering  challenges  and  dilemmas.  the  design  cycle  is  a  tool  used  to  develop  technologies  to  solve  a  problem.  knowing  how  to  apply  their  immense  technical  expertise  and  handson  experience,  gained  through  years  of  solving  real  world  problems,  is  what  differentiates  ais  from  the  rest.  ais  adheres  to  a  fourstage  process  for  inhouse  development  of  new  product  designs  and  technologies  a
__label__interactivedisplays time  proven  methodology  that  has  helped  create  numerous  ground  breaking  technologies  and  solutions  for  their  customers.  the  design  cycle  is  a  model  intended  to  be  the  central  tool  to  help  ais  create  and  evaluate  products/solutions.  the  ais  design  cycle  consists  of  four  major  stages  as  they  relate  to  the  objectives  of  the  new  product  development.  ais  design  cycle  system  for  new  product  development:  ais  identifies  and  analyzes  the  problems  to  be  solved  and  objectives  of  the  overall  project  and  then  summarizes  findings  with  action  plans  in  this  creative  process  stage,  product  design  ideas  and  concepts  are  generated.  once  the  appropriate
__label__interactivedisplays design  concept  and  strategy  is  selected,  ais  plans  the  entire  design  through  execution  phase  of  product  development  demonstrating  their  technical  skills,  ais  uses  stateoftheart  equipment,  tools  and  techniques  to  produce  the  new  product/solution  and  make  any  necessary  justified  design  changes  if  required  ais  evaluates  the  final  product/solution  and  testing  methods.  if  necessary  revisions  or  upgrades  for  further  refinement  are  made  then  proceed  to  final  production  innovating  electrical  designs  while  meeting  the  necessary  specifications  and  standards  ais  has  an  extensive  set  of  tools  for  electrical  circuit  design,  simulation,  and  testing.  offering  a  wide  range  of  electrical  design  and  engineering  capabilities,  ais
__label__interactivedisplays provides  custom  integrated  electronics  system  design  and  development,  including  evaluation  and  analysis  to  several  standards.  some  of  the  key  standards  that  aiss  designs  meet  include:  automotive,  military,  marine,  iso,  ul,  ce,  mil,  and/or  customer  specific  applications.  the  combination  of  talented  and  highly  trained  design  engineers  and  state  of  the  art  equipment  and  tools,  allows  ais  to  deliver  a  design  optimized  for  functionality  and  manufacturability.  electronic  circuit  design:  analog  circuits,  digital  circuits,  mixedsignal  circuits  printed  circuit  board  design:  singlesided,  doublesided,  and  multilayer  boards  embedded  logic  and  signal  processing  board  design:  risc  microprocessors  or  controllers,  arms,  dsps,  and  fpgas  industrial  embedded  board
__label__interactivedisplays solutions:  single  board  computers,  computer  on  modules  extension  single  board  computers  with  integrated  highperformance  embedded  processors.  some  of  the  microcontroller/processors  manufacturers  used  by  ais  are:  intel,  amd,  ti,  freescale,  and  samsung  electronic  circuit  simulation  and  analysis:  analog  or  digital  electronic  circuit  simulators,  and  mixedsignal  electronic  circuit  simulators  embedded  software  solutions  from  conceptualization  through  implementation  there  are  many  aspects  to  consider  in  the  design  of  an  embedded  software  solution.  the  importance  of  each  aspect  should  reflect  the  goals  the  software  is  designed  to  achieve.  with  this  in  mind,  ais  offers  complete  software  design,  coding,  testing,  and  documentation  services  using  a  software
__label__interactivedisplays development  process  in  a  controlled  environment.  the  ais  software  design  team  has  worked  on  developing  a  variety  software  products  for  diverse  categories,  applications  and  market  uses  with  visualization,  control  and  monitoring  equipment.  from  complex,  military  qualified,  real  time  software  design,  to  easytouse  graphical  user  interfaces,  ais  is  your  total  embedded  product  software  solution.  system  drivers:  bsp  for  a  variety  of  hardware  boards,  including  development/porting  of  the  device  drivers  for  various  peripherals  such  as  serial  and  ethernet  communication,  graphics  display,  touch  screen  and  keyboard  controller,  pci/usb/ata  busarchitectures,  audio  and  video  drivers,  etc.  system  bios:  bios  flash  is  a  tool  that  allows
__label__interactivedisplays customers  to  update  and  backup  the  bios  on  ais  hardware  platforms  operating  system:  windows  embedded  8/7/xp/ce  ,  embedded  linux,  and  qnx  embedded  solutions  are  total  bsp  to  help  customers  speed  up  their  project  development  embedded  firmware:  a  wide  range  of  embedded  firmware  solutions,  noos  environment,  straight  codetohardware,  hardware  architectures:  8bit,  custom  optimized  32bit  processors  real  time  operating  system  rtos:  real  time  linux  and  windows  ce  application  programming  interface:  a  set  of  routines,  protocols,  and  tools  to  build  software  applications  bootloader:  a  custom  uboot  with  specific  configurations  a  thorough  and  comprehensive  process  for  embedded  software  lifecycle  management  success  embedded  software  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  key  driver  in  the  success  of  todays  industrial  equipment  and  products.  ais  embedded  softwaresolutions  enable  the  innovation  and  flexibility  customers  require  achieving  success  in  increasingly  competitive  markets.  in  light  of  this  need,  aiss  approach  to  embedded  software  lifecycle  management  goes  well  beyond  conventional  thinking,  techniques  and  tactics.  they  employ  a  comprehensive  process  to  managing  the  entire  lifecycle  of  an  embedded  software  solution.  the  ais  lifecycle  management  process  includes:  project  planning  and  scoping,  architecture  design,  coding  and  integration,  system  design  testing  and  debugging  and  support  through  entire  life  of  the  solution.  turning  complex  engineering  ideas  into  mechanically  viable  products  and
__label__interactivedisplays solutions  pulling  together  the  combined  resources  and  expertise  of  aiss  crossdiscipline  design  team  allows  them  to  efficiently  develop  and  execute  mechanical  designs  that  are  right  for  the  project.  their  flexibility  enables  them  to  adapt  throughout  the  mechanical  design  process  and  deliver  the  proper  solution  for  their  customers.  ais  selects  or  designs  product  enclosures  to  satisfy  the  customers  unique  application  and  environment.  fabrication  techniques  include  machined,  cast,  metal,  and  molded.  in  addition,  ais  always  considers  requirements  for  emi,  fluid  sealing,  thermal  transfer,  ease  of  assembly,  and  cost  when  designing  a  mechanical  solution.  our  mechanical  and  system  design  expertise  includes:  designtomanufacturing  methods
__label__interactivedisplays detailed  drawings  and  documentation  3d  cam/cam/cae  pcb  design  simulation  software  inhouse  prototyping  ais  integrated  leadingedge  tftlcd  panels  ensure  superior  performance  and  excellent  color  quality  and  imaging  in  a  broad  range  of  indoor  and  outdoor  operating  environments.  from  measuring  instruments,  automatic  teller  machines  atms,  retail  point  of  sale  terminals  pos,  to  factory  automation  equipment  fa  and  touch  screen  kiosk,  ais  integrated  tftlcd  panels  have  all  the  earmarks  of  superior  performing  panels  and  monitors.  ais  tftlcds  deliver:  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  feature  wide  operating  temperature  range,  forward  compatibility,  rohs  compliance,  low  emi  technology  long  life  lamp.  with  excellent  display  characteristics  even  when
__label__interactivedisplays viewed  from  extreme  angles,  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  also  offer  ideal  visibility  and  viewing  in  less  than  optimum  conditions  low  reflection,  high  brightness  and  transflective  lcd  modules  and  other  features  ensure  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  are  ideal  for  continuous  outdoor  use.  leveraging  the  very  latest  in  color  optimization  and  image  reproduction  technologies,  meeting  industry  design  standards  and  offering  the  ideal  product  mix  for  industrial  and  critical  military  applications,  ais  high  reliability  imaging  and  vision  processing  devices  support  all  your  specific  requirements.  with  a  typical  display  the  reproduction  of  images  is  visibly  different  from  the  original  source  because  of  display  device
__label__interactivedisplays characteristics  and  design.  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  with  original  natural  color  matrix  optimization  technology  separates  color  data  and  luminance  components,  while  controlling  individual  display  colors  red,  green,  blue,  cyan,  magenta,  yellow  for  optimized  performance.  natural  color  matrix  optimization  delivers  balanced  color  conversion  without  the  loss  of  panel  color  properties  to  ensure  color  quality  is  extremely  close  to  the  original  image.  ais  is  fully  dedicated  to  continuously  monitor  product  line  improvements  and  embraces  the  latest  technologies  in  designing  and  manufacturing  lcd  displays  that  achieve  realistic  and  truetolife  image  reproduction.  in  line  with  these  goals,  ais  performs  many  base  line  tests  to
__label__interactivedisplays guarantee  the  best  monitor  performance,  viewing  and  image  quality  achieved.  dark  black  level  perfect  pixel  tracking/phase  high  video  bandwidth  index  smooth  grey  scale  with  256  intensity  accurate  gamma  rgb  high  frequency  balance  wide  viewing  angle  high  quality  scaling  few  motion  artifacts  screen  uniformity  high  peak  brightness  no  white  saturation  high  contrast  no  bad  pixels  no  ringing  and  overshoot  weak  reflections  weak  streaking  whitepoint  color  temperature,  brightness  and  contrast  controls  visualizing  advanced  embedded  video  vision  solutions  embedded  video  and  vision  has  emerged  as  one  of  the  fast  growing  technologies  for  industrial  and  commercial  applications.  its  powerful  functionality  and  advanced  visual  capabilities
__label__interactivedisplays has  completely  changed  the  user  interaction  experience  in  a  variety  of  applications  in  industrial,  automotive,  military  and  aerospace.  ais  tft  lcd  modules  are  designed  for  high  reliability,  optimal  visibility,  and  enhanced  viewability.  they  add  powerful  imaging,  video  and  vision  processing  capabilities  to  industrial  embedded  system  applications.  with  expert  integration  experience  and  knowledge,  aiss  marketleading  tft  lcd  modules,  applications  processors  and  systemonchip  solutions  offer  the  perfect  combination  of  programmability,  performance  and  power  for  both  mobile  devices  and  industrial  systems.  moreover,  aiss  video  and  vision  design  capabilities  help  their  customers  realize  success  in  the  embedded  vision  market  for  areas  such  as  automotive
__label__interactivedisplays vision  systems,  industrial  machine  vision  and  more.  some  key  application  opportunities  include:  video  vision  applications  overview  machine  vision:  machine  vision  refers  to  applications  where  operational  guidance  is  provided  to  equipment  for  the  execution  of  functions  based  on  the  capture  and  processing  of  images.  providing  the  sight  or  vision  to  the  equipment  greatly  enhances  its  capabilities,  resulting  in  improved  product  quality,  increased  productivity  and  decreased  costs.  driver  assistance  systems:  with  keen  focus  on  improving  safety  ,  automotive  vision  control  systems  process  digital  information  from  sources  digital  cameras  or  other  sensors  to  perform  tasks  such  as  lane  departure  warning,  drowsiness  sensors,  or
__label__interactivedisplays parking  assistance.  the  processed  information  can  be  displayed  on  screens  or  announced  via  acoustical  warning  signals.  radar/electronic  warfare:  integrated  gps  guidance,  image  processing  for  target  recognition,  and  realtime  flight  path  guidance  computations  are  all  enabled  by  high  performance  processors.  ais  integrated  multicore  processors  meet  the  demanding  requirements  of  mission  critical  functions  in  a  variety  of  military  and  aerospace  applications.  taking  industrial  design  ideas  into  sophisticated,  high  performance  industrial  embedded  systems  industrial  embedded  systems,  ranging  from  operator  interface  terminals  and  mobile  devices  to  process  control  equipment,  become  increasingly  sophisticated  and  run  on  an  ever  diverse  set  of  hardware  and  software  platforms.
__label__interactivedisplays this  presents  increasingly  complex  issues  and  requirements  for  manufacturers  to  continually  create  new  applications  and  maintain  existing  ones.  recognizing  these  challenges  for  their  customers,  ais  provides  complete  engineering  solutions  and  services  to  help  them  create  winning  embedded  industrial  solutions.  this  comprises  hardware  and  software  services  to  create  complete  industrial  systems,  including  integration  of  microcontrollers  and  processors,  lcd  displays,  touch  screen  interfaces,  video  and  audio  subsystems,  connectivity  stacks  and  device  layer  integration  and  optimizations.  based  on  open  architectures  platforms  such  as  texas  instruments  ti  arm,  freescale  semiconductor,  inc.  i.mx  6  and  intel  atom  microcontrollers  and  processors,  ais  embedded  systems  designs  offer
__label__interactivedisplays the  ultimate  in  flexibility  and  migration.  many  years  of  embedded  hardware  and  software  design  has  afforded  us  a  unique  understanding  and  insight  optimizing  solutions  for  our  customers.  our  software  integration  strengthens  the  performance  of  the  hardware  and  reaps  maximum  processing  power.  regardless  of  specification  and/or  system  requirements,  ais  has  the  total  inhouse  resources,  industry  knowledge  and  expertise  to  design  specific  hardware  and  software  that  is  costeffective,  reliable,  efficient  and  superior  in  performance.  system  design  capabilities  overview:  complete  inhouse  embedded  system  design  capabilities  for  operator  interfaces,  mobile  devices  and  control  equipment  help  customers  address  current  requirements  and  stay  ahead  of  new
__label__interactivedisplays ones  delivering  synergistic,  integrated  embedded  hardware  and  software  solutions  open  architecture  platform  system  design  for  the  ultimate  in  flexibility  total  inhouse  design  resources  and  expertise  for  costeffective  and  powerful  solutions  designing  for  reliable  performance  in  extreme  environments  and  conditions  in  some  applications  equipment  failure  is  not  an  option.  designing  and  building  visualization,  control  and  monitoring  equipment  that  can  withstand  and  perform  reliably  in  extreme  environments  and  conditions  is  something  ais  has  amassed  extensive  experience  in.  ais  designs,  tests,  and  qualifies  products  that  are  exposed  to  severe  environmental  and  emi  conditions  in  military,  automotive,  and  industrial  applications.  testing  is  conducted  using
__label__interactivedisplays inhouse  resources  or  their  network  of  independent  testing  labs.  as  standard  operating  procedure,  ais  routinely  tests  its  designs  for  compliance  to  severe  military  ul  class/division,  milstd810,  milstd461,  and  milstd1275,  various  sae  automotive  and  ul/csa/ce/tuv/atex  /dnv  safety  requirements  or  customer  specifications.  military  standard  milstd810:  tested  to  the  milstd810  standard  methodology  for  a  range  of  extreme  conditions  including  drops,  shock,  vibration,  humidity,  altitude,  rain,  dust  and  sandresistance,  temperature  extremes  and  thermal  shock  military  standard  milstd461:  tested  to  the  milstd461  standard  methodology  for  emi  and  emc  maritime  environment  standard:  tested  to  the  dnv  standard  methodology  for  a  range  of  extreme  conditions  including  temperature,
__label__interactivedisplays humidity,  vibration,  emc  compatibility  and  enclosures  nonincendive  electrical  equipment  for  use  in  class  i  and  ii,  division  2  and  class  iii,  divisions  1  and  2  hazardous  classified  locations  equipment  and  protective  systems  intended  for  use  in  potentially  explosive  atmospheres  standard  and  general  requirements  for  explosive  atmospheres  equipment  railway  applications  en  standard  for  electronic  equipment  used  on  rolling  stock  :  railway  applications  en  standard  for  classification  of  environmental  conditions  this  standard  specifies  common  hygiene  requirements  processing  machines  for  machinery  used  in  preparing  and  processing  food  for  humans,  and  where  relevant,  animal  consumption  to  eliminate  or  minimize  the  risk  of  contagion,  infection,
__label__interactivedisplays illness  or  injury  arising  from  this  food  ais  engineers  using  halt  stress  testing  methodology  to  accelerate  product  reliability  testing  during  the  engineering  development  process;  cold  step/hot  step/rapid  temperature  cycling/stepped  vibration  random/combined  environment  stress  temperature  cycling  and  random  vibration  plus  power  switching  and  power  margining  systems  comprised  of  electrical  and/or  electronic  elements  had  been  used  for  many  years  to  perform  safety  functions  in  most  application  sectors.  functional  safety  is  an  integral  part  of  the  overall  safety  of  ais  embedded  system  and  hmi  display,  including  the  safe  management  of  likely  hardware  failures  and  environmental  changes.  ais  computerbased  systems  and  displays  are  being
__label__interactivedisplays used  in  all  application  sectors  to  perform  safety  functions.  ais  functional  safety  design  engineering  is  fundamental  to  enabling  complex  technology  used  for  safetyrelated  systems.  it  provides  the  assurance  that  safetyrelated  systems  will  offer  the  necessary  risk  reduction  required  to  achieve  safety  for  the  equipment.  machinery  safety  legislation  european  machinery  directive  2006/42/ec  iso  en  14121:  safety  of  machinery  principles  of  risk  assessment  iso  en  12100:  safety  of  machinery  basic  concepts,  general  principles  for  design  en  60204:  safety  of  machinery  electrical  equipment  of  machines  general  requirements  en  13850:  safety  of  machinery  emergency  stop  principles  for  design  ais  functional  safety  standards  iso  en
__label__interactivedisplays din  13849:  safety  of  machinery  safetyrelated  parts  of  control  systems  iec  en  61508:  functional  safety  of  electrical/electronic/programmable  electronic  safety  related  systems  e/e/pe,  or  e/e/pes  iec  en  62061:  functional  safety  of  electrical,  electronic  and  programmable  electronic  control  systems  iec  en  61511:  functional  safety  safety  instrumented  systems  for  the  process  industry  sector  iso  26262:  road  vehicles  functional  safety  railway  applications  the  specification  and  demonstration  of  reliability,  availability,  maintainability  and  safety  rams  basic  requirements  and  generic  process  railway  applications  communication,  signalling  and  processing  systems  software  for  railway  control  and  protection  systems  railway  applications  communication,  signalling  and  processing  systems  safety  related  electronic  systems  for
__label__interactivedisplays signalling  iso  25119:  tractors  and  machinery  for  agriculture  and  forestry  safetyrelated  parts  of  control  systems  iso  15998:  earthmoving  machinery  machinecontrol  systems  mcs  using  electronic  components  performance  criteria  and  tests  for  functional  safety  integrated  quality  measures  analysis  for  the  lowest  possible  final  costs  waste  quality  leadership  is  something  ais  strives  for  on  a  daily  basis.  ais  implements  the  latest  quality  control  practices  and  techniques  to  meet  the  demands  of  international  regulations  and  standards.  stringent  and  comprehensive  quality  control  measures  every  step  of  the  way  assures  total  customer  satisfaction  from  beginning  to  end.  from  quality  policies  and  planning,  to  product  lifecycle  management
__label__interactivedisplays and  document  control,  ais  quality  initiatives  will  result  in  a  product  that  meets  or  exceeds  even  the  most  demanding  standards,  specifications  and  customer  expectations.  ais  quality  programs  include  a  complete  list  and  menu  of  services  and  capabilities.  quality  policy,  system  and  manual:  ais  operates  quality  management  systems  which  comply  with  specific  requirements  of  iso  9001:2008  for  manufacture  and  distribution  of  industrial  grade  displays  and  panel  pcs  advanced  product  quality  planning  apqp:  the  ais  apqp  quality  system  is  a  structured  method  of  defining  and  establishing  the  necessary  steps  to  ensure  that  a  product  satisfies  the  customer.  this  system  provides  complete  tracking
__label__interactivedisplays of  all  the  information  required  for  process  documentation,  and  features  direct  links  to  fmeas,  control  plans,  inventory  items,  and  customer  information.  failure  mode  and  effects  analysis  fmea:  ais  reliability,  safety  and  quality  engineers  implement  fmea  as  a  design  tool  used  to  systematically  analyze  postulated  component  failures  and  identify  the  resultant  effects  on  system  operations  including  functional  design,  and  processing  fmea.  statistical  process  control  spc:  ais  spc  quality  system  enables  realtime  tracking  of  product  and  process  quality  to  facilitate  continuous  improvement  efforts.  gage  repeatability  and  reproducibility  rr:  the  gage  rr  feature  in  ais  quality  system  provides  the  user  with  the  necessary
__label__interactivedisplays tools  to  conduct  measurement  system  analysis  to  assess  the  accuracy  of  gages  and  operators  in  measuring  parameters.  product  verification  and  validation  pvv:  the  ais  pvv  quality  system  ensures  that  a  product,  service,  or  system  meets  the  needs  of  the  customer.  the  pvv  system  evaluates  whether  or  not  a  product,  service,  or  system  complies  with  a  regulation,  requirement,  specification,  or  an  imposed  condition.  corrective  action  request  car/capa:  the  car  quality  system  enables  ais  to  document,  manage,  schedule,  assign,  and  track  their  corrective  action  activities  and  provide  instant  communication  to  dependent  departments  such  as  customer  service.  engineering  change  order  eco:  the  ais
__label__interactivedisplays eco  quality  system  provides  a  centralized  location  to  control  item  revisions,  bill  of  material  changes,  and  more.  email  notifications  are  sent  through  a  webbased  approval  process  to  the  individuals  responsible  for  each  step,  requiring  review  and/or  approval,  and  facilitating  the  exchange  of  ideas.  product  lifecycle  management  plm:  the  ais  plm  quality  system  provides  a  complete  audit  trail  of  a  products  lifecycle  from  the  design  and  quoting  process  through  manufacture  and  maintenance,  to  the  end  of  life  of  the  product.  document  control:  the  ais  document  control  quality  system  manages  workflow  and  external  documents,  providing  complete  control  and  visibility  over  the  entire
__label__interactivedisplays life  cycle  of  documents.  cost  of  quality:  the  ais  cost  of  quality  system  helps  drive  tighter  cost  control  by  allowing  the  quality  management  team  to  identify  and  eliminate  poor  quality  and  high  production  costs  in  areas  such  as  rejects,  unscheduled  machine  downtime,  and  returns  or  reworking.  efficiently  managing  the  flow  of  goods  materials  for  timely  delivery  of  solutions  supply  chain  management  is  the  systematic,  strategic  coordination  of  functions  and  tactics  for  the  purpose  of  improving  longterm  performance  of  the  individual  companies  and  the  supply  chain  as  a  whole.  ais  supply  chain  activities  cover  everything  from  product  development,  sourcing,  production,  and
__label__interactivedisplays logistics,  as  well  as  the  information  systems  needed  to  coordinate  these  activities.  managing  the  flow  of  raw  materials  in  its  supply  chain  network  with  expert  precision,  ais  is  committed  to  meeting  the  ongoing  delivery  needs  and  sustainability  requirements  of  their  customers.  moreover,  their  ability  to  move  products  and  information  to,  from  and  between  members  of  its  supply  chain  is  critical  to  achieving  total  customer  satisfaction.  the  ais  supply  chain  provides  framework  for  the  businesses  and  their  support  to  jointly  deliver  goods,  services,  and  information  efficiently,  effectively  and  relevantly  to  customers.  ais  provides  the  business  processes  and  strategic  solutions  to  its
__label__interactivedisplays clients  to  achieve  integrated,  superior  logistical  management.  from  beginning  to  end,  total  product  lifecycle  management  with  an  improved  bottom  line  product  lifecycle  management  presents  complex  engineering  challenges  and  considerations  for  companies  when  developing  new  products.  aiss  considerable  plm  experience  and  capabilities  allows  them  to  easily  comprehend  the  issues  and  see  through  all  the  pitfalls  of  product  development.  managing  the  entire  lifecycle  of  products  from  inception,  through  engineering  design  and  manufacture,  to  service  and  disposal  of  manufactured  products,  ais  demonstrates  their  valueadd  as  a  true  partner  and  resource  for  their  customers.  in  reliability  engineering,  ais  has  the  knowledge,  tools  and  equipment
__label__interactivedisplays to  help  customers  along  the  widely  known  product  bathtub  curve  of  life  from  a  products  infancy,  through  useful  life  and  onto  final  wear  out.  this  valuable  reliability  engineering  expertise  and  practice  greatly  enhances  product  reliability,  significant  cost  savings  and  bottom  line  results.  new  product  design  reliability  prediction  analysis  fmea  prototypes  functional  test  development  environmental  stress  testing  compliance  and  sample  testing  for  reliability  production/ship  field  failure  analysis  ongoing  cost  reduction  eol  management
__label__interactivedisplays a  hrefupcomingwebinarsimg  src/themes/aistheme/content/images/btnupcomingwebinars.gif  altupcoming  webinars  //a  human  machine  interface  industry  due  to  growing  technological  needs,  factory  automation  is  increasingly  in  use  in  all  the  industries  and  hence  the  demand  or  need  for  hmi  is  also  increasing.  hmi  market  for  discrete  applications  is  growing  at  a  higher  rate  as  compared  to  process  applications  owing  to  growth  of  automotive,  metal  mining,  packaging  and  aviation  industries.  the  other  key  factors  driving  the  hmi  market  include  demand  for  enhanced  efficiency,  high  growth  of  software  services  suitable  for  each  applications  and  increasing  need  for  data  security  and  reliable  hardware.  the  overall  hmi  market  is  estimated
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  worth  2.50  billion  in  2012  and  expected  to  reach  4.05  billion  in  2017  at  a  cagr  of  10.13  from  2012  to  2017.  currently  americas  commands  the  largest  share  in  the  global  hmi  market  followed  by  europe  and  apac.  it  is  observed  that  apac  is  growing  at  a  higher  cagr  and  is  expected  to  have  the  largest  market  share  i.e.  28  of  the  total  hmi  market  by  2017.  the  higher  cagr  of  apac  is  primarily  due  to  its  fast  growing  economy  and  increased  significance  for  automation  industries.  human  machine  interface  hmi,  as  the  name  describes,  is  an  interface  between
__label__interactivedisplays operator  and  a  machine.  the  level  of  interaction  with  the  machines  has  increased  exponentially.  the  emerging  internet  of  things  iot  will  offer  value  across  multiple  industrial  sectors  and  applications.  cisco  expands  on  this,  using  the  term,  internet  of  everything  ioe  to  describe  its  vision  of  bringing  people,  process,  and  data  together  via  the  internet  of  things.  the  company  predicts  that  the  ioe  could  enable  manufacturers  to  generate  3.88  trillion  of  value  through  a  combination  of  increased  revenues  and  lower  costs  over  the  next  ten  years.  innovative,  forwardthinking  manufacturers  are  realigning  their  technology  and  business  imperatives  to  capture  this  value  by
__label__interactivedisplays leveraging  internet  protocol  ip  technology.  pivoting  the  business  to  take  advantage  of  this  paradigm  shift  is  not  trivial.  it  requires  a  sound  incremental  strategy  built  around  business  use  cases  applied  throughout  the  manufacturing  and  business  value  chain.  today,  ipenabled  microprocessors  the  brains  inside  many  digital  devices  can  seamlessly  connect  conventional  automation  equipment,  such  as  i/o  modules  and  variable  frequency  drives.  but  the  explosive  growth  of  other  ipenabled  devices  many  adopted  from  other  disciplines  is  transforming  the  industrial  landscape.  automation:  security  and  compliance:  mobility:  video:  industrial  compute:  remote  assets  and  services:  energy  management:  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  machinetomachine  communication
__label__interactivedisplays describes  how  the  internet  will  get  bigger  as  sensors  and  intelligence  are  connected  to  physical  things  like  physical  assets  or  consumer  devices  and  these  things  are  connected  to  the  internet.  the  vision  and  model  have  existed  for  years  but  there  has  been  acceleration  in  the  number  and  types  of  things  that  are  being  connected  and  in  the  technologies  for  collecting,  processing,  and  sharing.  it  also  explores  some  of  the  key  applications  for  iot  m2m  communication,  including  retail,  transportation,  energy  power,  telecom  it,  industrial  commercial  buildings,  and  mobile  locationbased  services.  the  iot  infrastructure  allows  combinations  of  smart  things/objects,  sensor  network  technologies.
__label__interactivedisplays people  using  diverse  and  interoperable  communication  protocols  realizes  that  a  dynamic  heterogeneous/multimodal  network  can  be  deployed  in  remote  or  unreachable  spaces  such  as,  mines,  oil  platforms,  forests,  pipes,  and  tunnels  or  in  cases  of  emergencies  such  as  earthquakes,  floods,  fire,  radiation  areas,  etc.  in  iot  infrastructure,  these  things  or  objects  will  realize  and  explore  each  other  and  learn  to  take  advantage  of  each  others  data  by  sharing  resources  and  dramatically  enhancing  scope  and  dependability  of  the  resulting  services.  m2m  communication  will  be  focused  more  on  the  terminals  and  data  centers  e.g.  cloud  computing  and  home  data  centers  than  the  nodes
__label__interactivedisplays as  in  current  networks.  expansion  of  storage  capacity  at  lower  costs  will  result  in  the  local  accessibility  of  most  information  required  by  people  or  things/objects.  this  can  be  coupled  with  improved  processing  capabilities  and  alwayson  connectivity;  will  make  terminals  increase  its  main  role  in  communications.  iot  m2m  communication  will  bring  physical  business  benefits  like  highresolution  management  of  resources  and  products,  better  collaboration  between  enterprises,  and  improved  lifecycle  management;  many  of  these  benefits  are  achieved  via  exclusive  identification  for  individual  things/objects  together  enabling  each  to  cooperate  independently,  by  building  up  an  individual  life  history  by  cooperation  and  activities  over  time.  among
__label__interactivedisplays the  industry  verticals,  public  safety  and  security,  and  retail  accounts  with  maximum  share,  followed  by  consumer  and  residential,  and  it  telecom.  oems/odms  and  end  users  are  challenged  more  than  ever  with  achieving  the  highest  degree  of  manufacturing  effectiveness,  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  and  operational  efficiency  while  maximizing  productivity  and  throughput.  sustainability  issues,  pressure  for  device  convergence,  security,  operations  that  increasingly  transcend  borders,  regulatory  complexity  and  the  emergence  of  new  markets  can  be  addressed  with  ais  design  for  manufacturability  services  and  capabilities,  and  superior  open,  pcbased  hmi  solutions  combined  with  windows  embedded  8  operating  systems.  new  information  technologies  such  as  cloud
__label__interactivedisplays computing,  mobility,  internet  of  things  iot,  machinetomachine  communications  m2m,  big  data  analytics  and  3d  visualization,  are  changing  the  world  and  having  a  huge  impact  on  commercial  and  industrial  plants  and  facilities.  oems/odms  and  endusers  are  typically  slower  to  adopt  new  leading  edge  technologies  and  historically  conservative  to  invest  in  new  technology  areas.  they  will  need  to  make  substantial  investments  to  stay  competitive  or  be  put  at  risk  of  a  disruptive  technology  displacing  their  business  model  or  competitive  foothold.  ais  helps  these  companies  address  technological  demands  by  delivering  prudent  designs,  engineering,  manufacturing  and  superior  open  pcbased  hmi  solutions  coupled  with  windows
__label__interactivedisplays embedded  8  operating  software.  ais  open  platform  strategy  provides  an  affordable  migration  path  to  embracing  new  information  technologies  on  the  manufacturing  floor,  warehouse  and  logistics  and  at  the  enterprise  level.  ais  openbased  visualization  operator  interface  panels  and  windows  embedded  provide  a  platform  that  can  be  utilized  to  build  sustainable,  converged  intelligent  systems.  solutions  can  be  highly  customized  in  manufacturing  environments  to  fit  the  needs  of  oems  and  their  customers,  but  offer  high  degrees  of  security,  reduced  costs,  and  faster  timeto  market.  windows  embedded  connects  diverse  technologies  throughout  manufacturing  environments  while  increasing  revenue  generating  opportunities.  the  combined  solution  of  ais  hmis
__label__interactivedisplays and  windows  embedded  8  helps  companies  extend  their  operational  intelligence,  using  their  existing  it  infrastructure  and  industry  devices  that  securely  exchange  data  with  backend  systems.  the  new  iec  623681  hazardbased  standard  that  will  replace  both  iec  60065  safety  of  av  equipment  and  iec  609501  safety  of  information  communication  technology  equipment.  the  iec  623681  second  edition  cb  certificates  and  standards  represent  a  major  change  or  shift  in  focus  in  how  the  standards  are  being  developed.  the  traditional  prescriptive  standards  focuses  on  establishing  a  set  of  written  rules  to  be  followed,  whereas  the  new  hazardsbased  standard  is  focused  on  identifying  safety  hazards
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  early  product  development  phase  and  designing  the  product  to  eliminate  them  and  providing  more  performance  options  to  demonstrate  compliance  to  the  standards.  these  new  hazardsbased  testing  methods  require  a  more  comprehensive  and  holistic  approach  to  design  for  manufacturability,  in  which  ais  already  has  tremendous  expertise,  inhouse  capabilities  and  services  for  over  the  past  decade.  in  the  next  five  years,  the  predominant  approach  to  safety  engineering  will  significant  shift  from  prescriptive  rules  to  a  new  hazardbased  concept,  with  more  performancebased  options.  the  new  hazardsbased  standard  is  expected  to  be  advantageous  for  ais  who  designs,  engineers  and  manufacturers  highly  advanced,
__label__interactivedisplays reliable  and  safe  openbased  platform  pcbased  hmis  for  their  customers.  their  design  for  manufacturability  services  dms  and  capabilities  for  open  platform  hmis  are  focused  on  hazardbased  principles,  which  are  more  performancebased  requirements  vs.  prescriptive  and  their  ability  to  better  consider  and  incorporate  innovative  hmi  and  visualization  systems  design  and  construction.  the  iec  61010  code  which  specifies  general  safety  requirements  for  electrical  equipment  intended  for  professional,  industrial  process,  and  educational  use;  any  of  which  may  incorporate  computing  devices,  when  used  under  the  normal  and  extended  environmental  conditions.  ais  design  for  manufacturability  services  test  and  certify  open  industrial  pcs  and  hmi  solutions
__label__interactivedisplays to  perform  within  the  following  equipment:  electrical  test  and  measurement  equipment:  electrical  control  equipment:  electrical  laboratory  equipment:  ais  next  generation  hmi  touch  panel  series  are  engineered  to  meet  the  increasingly  complex  processes,  demanding  visualization  and  control  tasks  of  machines  and  automation  systems  while  simplifying  operation  and  programming.  using  flexible  and  standardized  interfaces  for  embedded  computing  allows  for  easy  and  efficient  integration  for  almost  any  machine,  application  or  environment.  ais  standard  hmi  panel  pcs  are  equipped  with:  nema  4x/ip66compliant  stainless  steel  front  bezels  featuring  a  corrosion  and  chemical  resistant  surface  and  utilize  an  intel  atom  processor  e3845  2m  cache,  1.91  ghz,
__label__interactivedisplays ddr3l1333  memory  up  to  8  gb,  removable  2.5  sata  hard  drive  bay  and  1224  vdc  power  supply.  they  come  with  windows  embedded  standard  7/8  and  x  86  pcbased  platforms  and  are  modular,  fieldreplaceable,  easy  to  service,  maintenancefree,  rugged,  fanless,  shock  and  vibration  resistant  and  able  to  withstand  high  electromagnetic  environments.  the  standard  series  is  available  in  both  single  and  multitouch  screen  models.  single  touch  models  are  available  in  12.1,  15,  17,  19,  21.5  and  24  touch  screen  sizes.  multitouch  models  include:  15.6,  18.5  and  21.5  display  sizes.  moreover,  the  standard  series  come  with  ul  listing  and  cb  scheme  certificate,  offering
__label__interactivedisplays functionality  and  affordability  in  a  modular  compact  package  covering  the  greatest  range  of  industry  requirements  from  mediumtohighend  hmi,  scada,  mes  and  oem  applications.  ais  compact  hmi  panel  pcs  are  equipped  with  nema  4/ip65compliant  aluminum  front  bezel,  corrosion  resistant  surface.  integrated  with  an  intel  celeron  processor  n2930,  onboard  nonvolatile  ddr3l1333  memory  and  a  standard  sd  card  slot,  the  new  series  of  touch  panels  deliver  a  great  combination  of  performance,  features  and  functionality  at  an  affordable  price.  thecompact  line  of  hmis  come  standard  with  windows  embedded  compact  7,  embedded  7  or  8  32/64bit  operating  systems  and  are  available  in  a  variety  of
__label__interactivedisplays screen  sizes  7  to  21.5  in  both  single  and  multitouch.  these  systems  offer  realtime  performance,  compact  and  lightweight  aluminum  diecast  housing  and  are:  easy  to  service,  maintenancefree,  spacesaving,  fanless,  able  to  withstand  high  electromagnetic  environments  and  are  resistant  to  shock  and  vibration.  moreover  these  come  with  ul  listing  and  cb  scheme  certificate  and  are:  simpler,  smarter,  and  more  costeffective  allinone  solutions.  ais  offers  the  greatest  value,  feature  set  and  capabilities  for  use  24/7  at  machine  level  hmi,  operator  control  and  visualization  applications.  ais  has  an  extensive  set  of  tools  for  hmi  panels  displays  design,  simulation,  and  testing.  we  offer  a
__label__interactivedisplays wide  range  of  electrical,  software,  mechanical,  health,  safety,  and  the  environmental  design  capabilities.  ais  designs  to  meet:  automotive,  industrial,  commercial,  hazardous,  military,  marine,  iso,  iec,  ul,  ce,  mil,  dnv,  atex,  sae  and/or  customer  specific  applications.  ais  implements  the  latest  quality  control  practices  and  techniques  apqp,  fmea,  gage  rr,  pvv,  spc  car/capa  to  meet  the  demands  of  international  regulations  and  standards  iso  9001:2008  and  iso/ts16949.  designing  breakthrough  technologies  with  people,  the  environment  profitability  in  mind  ais  aspires  for  total  excellence  in  everything  we  do.  creative  and  technical  problem  solvers  who  respond  critically  and  resourcefully  to  the  demands  of  technology  innovationa  company
__label__interactivedisplays who  appreciates  the  importance  of  technology  designed  for  life,  company  and  the  environmentand  a  resource  committed  to  sustainability,  profitability  and  efficiency.  this  sums  up  the  spirit  and  approach  of  the  ais  design  technology  team  when  solving  complex  engineering  challenges  and  dilemmas.  the  design  cycle  is  a  tool  used  to  develop  technologies  to  solve  a  problem.  knowing  how  to  apply  their  immense  technical  expertise  and  handson  experience,  gained  through  years  of  solving  real  world  problems,  is  what  differentiates  ais  from  the  rest.  ais  adheres  to  a  fourstage  process  for  inhouse  development  of  new  product  designs  and  technologies  a  time  proven  methodology
__label__interactivedisplays that  has  helped  create  numerous  ground  breaking  technologies  and  solutions  for  their  customers.  the  design  cycle  is  a  model  intended  to  be  the  central  tool  to  help  ais  create  and  evaluate  products/solutions.  the  ais  design  cycle  consists  of  four  major  stages  as  they  relate  to  the  objectives  of  the  new  product  development.  ais  design  cycle  system  for  new  product  development:  ais  identifies  and  analyzes  the  problems  to  be  solved  and  objectives  of  the  overall  project  and  then  summarizes  findings  with  action  plans  in  this  creative  process  stage,  product  design  ideas  and  concepts  are  generated.  once  the  appropriate  design  concept  and
__label__interactivedisplays strategy  is  selected,  ais  plans  the  entire  design  through  execution  phase  of  product  development  demonstrating  their  technical  skills,  ais  uses  stateoftheart  equipment,  tools  and  techniques  to  produce  the  new  product/solution  and  make  any  necessary  justified  design  changes  if  required  ais  evaluates  the  final  product/solution  and  testing  methods.  if  necessary  revisions  or  upgrades  for  further  refinement  are  made  then  proceed  to  final  production  innovating  electrical  designs  while  meeting  the  necessary  specifications  and  standards  ais  has  an  extensive  set  of  tools  for  electrical  circuit  design,  simulation,  and  testing.  offering  a  wide  range  of  electrical  design  and  engineering  capabilities,  ais  provides  custom  integrated
__label__interactivedisplays electronics  system  design  and  development,  including  evaluation  and  analysis  to  several  standards.  some  of  the  key  standards  that  aiss  designs  meet  include:  automotive,  military,  marine,  iso,  ul,  ce,  mil,  and/or  customer  specific  applications.  the  combination  of  talented  and  highly  trained  design  engineers  and  state  of  the  art  equipment  and  tools,  allows  ais  to  deliver  a  design  optimized  for  functionality  and  manufacturability.  electronic  circuit  design:  analog  circuits,  digital  circuits,  mixedsignal  circuits  printed  circuit  board  design:  singlesided,  doublesided,  and  multilayer  boards  embedded  logic  and  signal  processing  board  design:  risc  microprocessors  or  controllers,  arms,  dsps,  and  fpgas  industrial  embedded  board  solutions:  single  board
__label__interactivedisplays computers,  computer  on  modules  extension  single  board  computers  with  integrated  highperformance  embedded  processors.  some  of  the  microcontroller/processors  manufacturers  used  by  ais  are:  intel,  amd,  ti,  freescale,  and  samsung  electronic  circuit  simulation  and  analysis:  analog  or  digital  electronic  circuit  simulators,  and  mixedsignal  electronic  circuit  simulators  embedded  software  solutions  from  conceptualization  through  implementation  there  are  many  aspects  to  consider  in  the  design  of  an  embedded  software  solution.  the  importance  of  each  aspect  should  reflect  the  goals  the  software  is  designed  to  achieve.  with  this  in  mind,  ais  offers  complete  software  design,  coding,  testing,  and  documentation  services  using  a  software  development  process  in
__label__interactivedisplays a  controlled  environment.  the  ais  software  design  team  has  worked  on  developing  a  variety  software  products  for  diverse  categories,  applications  and  market  uses  with  visualization,  control  and  monitoring  equipment.  from  complex,  military  qualified,  real  time  software  design,  to  easytouse  graphical  user  interfaces,  ais  is  your  total  embedded  product  software  solution.  system  drivers:  bsp  for  a  variety  of  hardware  boards,  including  development/porting  of  the  device  drivers  for  various  peripherals  such  as  serial  and  ethernet  communication,  graphics  display,  touch  screen  and  keyboard  controller,  pci/usb/ata  busarchitectures,  audio  and  video  drivers,  etc.  system  bios:  bios  flash  is  a  tool  that  allows  customers  to  update
__label__interactivedisplays and  backup  the  bios  on  ais  hardware  platforms  operating  system:  windows  embedded  8/7/xp/ce  ,  embedded  linux,  and  qnx  embedded  solutions  are  total  bsp  to  help  customers  speed  up  their  project  development  embedded  firmware:  a  wide  range  of  embedded  firmware  solutions,  noos  environment,  straight  codetohardware,  hardware  architectures:  8bit,  custom  optimized  32bit  processors  real  time  operating  system  rtos:  real  time  linux  and  windows  ce  application  programming  interface:  a  set  of  routines,  protocols,  and  tools  to  build  software  applications  bootloader:  a  custom  uboot  with  specific  configurations  a  thorough  and  comprehensive  process  for  embedded  software  lifecycle  management  success  embedded  software  is  a  key  driver
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  success  of  todays  industrial  equipment  and  products.  ais  embedded  softwaresolutions  enable  the  innovation  and  flexibility  customers  require  achieving  success  in  increasingly  competitive  markets.  in  light  of  this  need,  aiss  approach  to  embedded  software  lifecycle  management  goes  well  beyond  conventional  thinking,  techniques  and  tactics.  they  employ  a  comprehensive  process  to  managing  the  entire  lifecycle  of  an  embedded  software  solution.  the  ais  lifecycle  management  process  includes:  project  planning  and  scoping,  architecture  design,  coding  and  integration,  system  design  testing  and  debugging  and  support  through  entire  life  of  the  solution.  turning  complex  engineering  ideas  into  mechanically  viable  products  and  solutions  pulling  together
__label__interactivedisplays the  combined  resources  and  expertise  of  aiss  crossdiscipline  design  team  allows  them  to  efficiently  develop  and  execute  mechanical  designs  that  are  right  for  the  project.  their  flexibility  enables  them  to  adapt  throughout  the  mechanical  design  process  and  deliver  the  proper  solution  for  their  customers.  ais  selects  or  designs  product  enclosures  to  satisfy  the  customers  unique  application  and  environment.  fabrication  techniques  include  machined,  cast,  metal,  and  molded.  in  addition,  ais  always  considers  requirements  for  emi,  fluid  sealing,  thermal  transfer,  ease  of  assembly,  and  cost  when  designing  a  mechanical  solution.  our  mechanical  and  system  design  expertise  includes:  designtomanufacturing  methods  detailed  drawings  and
__label__interactivedisplays documentation  3d  cam/cam/cae  pcb  design  simulation  software  inhouse  prototyping  ais  integrated  leadingedge  tftlcd  panels  ensure  superior  performance  and  excellent  color  quality  and  imaging  in  a  broad  range  of  indoor  and  outdoor  operating  environments.  from  measuring  instruments,  automatic  teller  machines  atms,  retail  point  of  sale  terminals  pos,  to  factory  automation  equipment  fa  and  touch  screen  kiosk,  ais  integrated  tftlcd  panels  have  all  the  earmarks  of  superior  performing  panels  and  monitors.  ais  tftlcds  deliver:  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  feature  wide  operating  temperature  range,  forward  compatibility,  rohs  compliance,  low  emi  technology  long  life  lamp.  with  excellent  display  characteristics  even  when  viewed  from  extreme
__label__interactivedisplays angles,  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  also  offer  ideal  visibility  and  viewing  in  less  than  optimum  conditions  low  reflection,  high  brightness  and  transflective  lcd  modules  and  other  features  ensure  ais  integrated  lcd  panels  are  ideal  for  continuous  outdoor  use.  leveraging  the  very  latest  in  color  optimization  and  image  reproduction  technologies,  meeting  industry  design  standards  and  offering  the  ideal  product  mix  for  industrial  and  critical  military  applications,  ais  high  reliability  imaging  and  vision  processing  devices  support  all  your  specific  requirements.  with  a  typical  display  the  reproduction  of  images  is  visibly  different  from  the  original  source  because  of  display  device  characteristics  and  design.
__label__interactivedisplays ais  integrated  lcd  panels  with  original  natural  color  matrix  optimization  technology  separates  color  data  and  luminance  components,  while  controlling  individual  display  colors  red,  green,  blue,  cyan,  magenta,  yellow  for  optimized  performance.  natural  color  matrix  optimization  delivers  balanced  color  conversion  without  the  loss  of  panel  color  properties  to  ensure  color  quality  is  extremely  close  to  the  original  image.  ais  is  fully  dedicated  to  continuously  monitor  product  line  improvements  and  embraces  the  latest  technologies  in  designing  and  manufacturing  lcd  displays  that  achieve  realistic  and  truetolife  image  reproduction.  in  line  with  these  goals,  ais  performs  many  base  line  tests  to  guarantee  the  best
__label__interactivedisplays monitor  performance,  viewing  and  image  quality  achieved.  dark  black  level  perfect  pixel  tracking/phase  high  video  bandwidth  index  smooth  grey  scale  with  256  intensity  accurate  gamma  rgb  high  frequency  balance  wide  viewing  angle  high  quality  scaling  few  motion  artifacts  screen  uniformity  high  peak  brightness  no  white  saturation  high  contrast  no  bad  pixels  no  ringing  and  overshoot  weak  reflections  weak  streaking  whitepoint  color  temperature,  brightness  and  contrast  controls  visualizing  advanced  embedded  video  vision  solutions  embedded  video  and  vision  has  emerged  as  one  of  the  fast  growing  technologies  for  industrial  and  commercial  applications.  its  powerful  functionality  and  advanced  visual  capabilities  has  completely  changed
__label__interactivedisplays the  user  interaction  experience  in  a  variety  of  applications  in  industrial,  automotive,  military  and  aerospace.  ais  tft  lcd  modules  are  designed  for  high  reliability,  optimal  visibility,  and  enhanced  viewability.  they  add  powerful  imaging,  video  and  vision  processing  capabilities  to  industrial  embedded  system  applications.  with  expert  integration  experience  and  knowledge,  aiss  marketleading  tft  lcd  modules,  applications  processors  and  systemonchip  solutions  offer  the  perfect  combination  of  programmability,  performance  and  power  for  both  mobile  devices  and  industrial  systems.  moreover,  aiss  video  and  vision  design  capabilities  help  their  customers  realize  success  in  the  embedded  vision  market  for  areas  such  as  automotive  vision  systems,  industrial
__label__interactivedisplays machine  vision  and  more.  some  key  application  opportunities  include:  video  vision  applications  overview  machine  vision:  machine  vision  refers  to  applications  where  operational  guidance  is  provided  to  equipment  for  the  execution  of  functions  based  on  the  capture  and  processing  of  images.  providing  the  sight  or  vision  to  the  equipment  greatly  enhances  its  capabilities,  resulting  in  improved  product  quality,  increased  productivity  and  decreased  costs.  driver  assistance  systems:  with  keen  focus  on  improving  safety  ,  automotive  vision  control  systems  process  digital  information  from  sources  digital  cameras  or  other  sensors  to  perform  tasks  such  as  lane  departure  warning,  drowsiness  sensors,  or  parking  assistance.  the
__label__interactivedisplays processed  information  can  be  displayed  on  screens  or  announced  via  acoustical  warning  signals.  radar/electronic  warfare:  integrated  gps  guidance,  image  processing  for  target  recognition,  and  realtime  flight  path  guidance  computations  are  all  enabled  by  high  performance  processors.  ais  integrated  multicore  processors  meet  the  demanding  requirements  of  mission  critical  functions  in  a  variety  of  military  and  aerospace  applications.  taking  industrial  design  ideas  into  sophisticated,  high  performance  industrial  embedded  systems  industrial  embedded  systems,  ranging  from  operator  interface  terminals  and  mobile  devices  to  process  control  equipment,  become  increasingly  sophisticated  and  run  on  an  ever  diverse  set  of  hardware  and  software  platforms.  this  presents  increasingly
__label__interactivedisplays complex  issues  and  requirements  for  manufacturers  to  continually  create  new  applications  and  maintain  existing  ones.  recognizing  these  challenges  for  their  customers,  ais  provides  complete  engineering  solutions  and  services  to  help  them  create  winning  embedded  industrial  solutions.  this  comprises  hardware  and  software  services  to  create  complete  industrial  systems,  including  integration  of  microcontrollers  and  processors,  lcd  displays,  touch  screen  interfaces,  video  and  audio  subsystems,  connectivity  stacks  and  device  layer  integration  and  optimizations.  based  on  open  architectures  platforms  such  as  texas  instruments  ti  arm,  freescale  semiconductor,  inc.  i.mx  6  and  intel  atom  microcontrollers  and  processors,  ais  embedded  systems  designs  offer  the  ultimate  in
__label__interactivedisplays flexibility  and  migration.  many  years  of  embedded  hardware  and  software  design  has  afforded  us  a  unique  understanding  and  insight  optimizing  solutions  for  our  customers.  our  software  integration  strengthens  the  performance  of  the  hardware  and  reaps  maximum  processing  power.  regardless  of  specification  and/or  system  requirements,  ais  has  the  total  inhouse  resources,  industry  knowledge  and  expertise  to  design  specific  hardware  and  software  that  is  costeffective,  reliable,  efficient  and  superior  in  performance.  system  design  capabilities  overview:  complete  inhouse  embedded  system  design  capabilities  for  operator  interfaces,  mobile  devices  and  control  equipment  help  customers  address  current  requirements  and  stay  ahead  of  new  ones  delivering  synergistic,
__label__interactivedisplays integrated  embedded  hardware  and  software  solutions  open  architecture  platform  system  design  for  the  ultimate  in  flexibility  total  inhouse  design  resources  and  expertise  for  costeffective  and  powerful  solutions  designing  for  reliable  performance  in  extreme  environments  and  conditions  in  some  applications  equipment  failure  is  not  an  option.  designing  and  building  visualization,  control  and  monitoring  equipment  that  can  withstand  and  perform  reliably  in  extreme  environments  and  conditions  is  something  ais  has  amassed  extensive  experience  in.  ais  designs,  tests,  and  qualifies  products  that  are  exposed  to  severe  environmental  and  emi  conditions  in  military,  automotive,  and  industrial  applications.  testing  is  conducted  using  inhouse  resources  or
__label__interactivedisplays their  network  of  independent  testing  labs.  as  standard  operating  procedure,  ais  routinely  tests  its  designs  for  compliance  to  severe  military  ul  class/division,  milstd810,  milstd461,  and  milstd1275,  various  sae  automotive  and  ul/csa/ce/tuv/atex  /dnv  safety  requirements  or  customer  specifications.  military  standard  milstd810:  tested  to  the  milstd810  standard  methodology  for  a  range  of  extreme  conditions  including  drops,  shock,  vibration,  humidity,  altitude,  rain,  dust  and  sandresistance,  temperature  extremes  and  thermal  shock  military  standard  milstd461:  tested  to  the  milstd461  standard  methodology  for  emi  and  emc  maritime  environment  standard:  tested  to  the  dnv  standard  methodology  for  a  range  of  extreme  conditions  including  temperature,  humidity,  vibration,  emc
__label__interactivedisplays compatibility  and  enclosures  nonincendive  electrical  equipment  for  use  in  class  i  and  ii,  division  2  and  class  iii,  divisions  1  and  2  hazardous  classified  locations  equipment  and  protective  systems  intended  for  use  in  potentially  explosive  atmospheres  standard  and  general  requirements  for  explosive  atmospheres  equipment  railway  applications  en  standard  for  electronic  equipment  used  on  rolling  stock  :  railway  applications  en  standard  for  classification  of  environmental  conditions  this  standard  specifies  common  hygiene  requirements  processing  machines  for  machinery  used  in  preparing  and  processing  food  for  humans,  and  where  relevant,  animal  consumption  to  eliminate  or  minimize  the  risk  of  contagion,  infection,  illness  or  injury
__label__interactivedisplays arising  from  this  food  ais  engineers  using  halt  stress  testing  methodology  to  accelerate  product  reliability  testing  during  the  engineering  development  process;  cold  step/hot  step/rapid  temperature  cycling/stepped  vibration  random/combined  environment  stress  temperature  cycling  and  random  vibration  plus  power  switching  and  power  margining  systems  comprised  of  electrical  and/or  electronic  elements  had  been  used  for  many  years  to  perform  safety  functions  in  most  application  sectors.  functional  safety  is  an  integral  part  of  the  overall  safety  of  ais  embedded  system  and  hmi  display,  including  the  safe  management  of  likely  hardware  failures  and  environmental  changes.  ais  computerbased  systems  and  displays  are  being  used  in  all
__label__interactivedisplays application  sectors  to  perform  safety  functions.  ais  functional  safety  design  engineering  is  fundamental  to  enabling  complex  technology  used  for  safetyrelated  systems.  it  provides  the  assurance  that  safetyrelated  systems  will  offer  the  necessary  risk  reduction  required  to  achieve  safety  for  the  equipment.  machinery  safety  legislation  european  machinery  directive  2006/42/ec  iso  en  14121:  safety  of  machinery  principles  of  risk  assessment  iso  en  12100:  safety  of  machinery  basic  concepts,  general  principles  for  design  en  60204:  safety  of  machinery  electrical  equipment  of  machines  general  requirements  en  13850:  safety  of  machinery  emergency  stop  principles  for  design  ais  functional  safety  standards  iso  en  din  13849:  safety
__label__interactivedisplays of  machinery  safetyrelated  parts  of  control  systems  iec  en  61508:  functional  safety  of  electrical/electronic/programmable  electronic  safety  related  systems  e/e/pe,  or  e/e/pes  iec  en  62061:  functional  safety  of  electrical,  electronic  and  programmable  electronic  control  systems  iec  en  61511:  functional  safety  safety  instrumented  systems  for  the  process  industry  sector  iso  26262:  road  vehicles  functional  safety  railway  applications  the  specification  and  demonstration  of  reliability,  availability,  maintainability  and  safety  rams  basic  requirements  and  generic  process  railway  applications  communication,  signalling  and  processing  systems  software  for  railway  control  and  protection  systems  railway  applications  communication,  signalling  and  processing  systems  safety  related  electronic  systems  for  signalling  iso  25119:
__label__interactivedisplays tractors  and  machinery  for  agriculture  and  forestry  safetyrelated  parts  of  control  systems  iso  15998:  earthmoving  machinery  machinecontrol  systems  mcs  using  electronic  components  performance  criteria  and  tests  for  functional  safety  integrated  quality  measures  analysis  for  the  lowest  possible  final  costs  waste  quality  leadership  is  something  ais  strives  for  on  a  daily  basis.  ais  implements  the  latest  quality  control  practices  and  techniques  to  meet  the  demands  of  international  regulations  and  standards.  stringent  and  comprehensive  quality  control  measures  every  step  of  the  way  assures  total  customer  satisfaction  from  beginning  to  end.  from  quality  policies  and  planning,  to  product  lifecycle  management  and  document  control,
__label__interactivedisplays ais  quality  initiatives  will  result  in  a  product  that  meets  or  exceeds  even  the  most  demanding  standards,  specifications  and  customer  expectations.  ais  quality  programs  include  a  complete  list  and  menu  of  services  and  capabilities.  quality  policy,  system  and  manual:  ais  operates  quality  management  systems  which  comply  with  specific  requirements  of  iso  9001:2008  for  manufacture  and  distribution  of  industrial  grade  displays  and  panel  pcs  advanced  product  quality  planning  apqp:  the  ais  apqp  quality  system  is  a  structured  method  of  defining  and  establishing  the  necessary  steps  to  ensure  that  a  product  satisfies  the  customer.  this  system  provides  complete  tracking  of  all  the
__label__interactivedisplays information  required  for  process  documentation,  and  features  direct  links  to  fmeas,  control  plans,  inventory  items,  and  customer  information.  failure  mode  and  effects  analysis  fmea:  ais  reliability,  safety  and  quality  engineers  implement  fmea  as  a  design  tool  used  to  systematically  analyze  postulated  component  failures  and  identify  the  resultant  effects  on  system  operations  including  functional  design,  and  processing  fmea.  statistical  process  control  spc:  ais  spc  quality  system  enables  realtime  tracking  of  product  and  process  quality  to  facilitate  continuous  improvement  efforts.  gage  repeatability  and  reproducibility  rr:  the  gage  rr  feature  in  ais  quality  system  provides  the  user  with  the  necessary  tools  to  conduct
__label__interactivedisplays measurement  system  analysis  to  assess  the  accuracy  of  gages  and  operators  in  measuring  parameters.  product  verification  and  validation  pvv:  the  ais  pvv  quality  system  ensures  that  a  product,  service,  or  system  meets  the  needs  of  the  customer.  the  pvv  system  evaluates  whether  or  not  a  product,  service,  or  system  complies  with  a  regulation,  requirement,  specification,  or  an  imposed  condition.  corrective  action  request  car/capa:  the  car  quality  system  enables  ais  to  document,  manage,  schedule,  assign,  and  track  their  corrective  action  activities  and  provide  instant  communication  to  dependent  departments  such  as  customer  service.  engineering  change  order  eco:  the  ais  eco  quality  system
__label__interactivedisplays provides  a  centralized  location  to  control  item  revisions,  bill  of  material  changes,  and  more.  email  notifications  are  sent  through  a  webbased  approval  process  to  the  individuals  responsible  for  each  step,  requiring  review  and/or  approval,  and  facilitating  the  exchange  of  ideas.  product  lifecycle  management  plm:  the  ais  plm  quality  system  provides  a  complete  audit  trail  of  a  products  lifecycle  from  the  design  and  quoting  process  through  manufacture  and  maintenance,  to  the  end  of  life  of  the  product.  document  control:  the  ais  document  control  quality  system  manages  workflow  and  external  documents,  providing  complete  control  and  visibility  over  the  entire  life  cycle  of
__label__interactivedisplays documents.  cost  of  quality:  the  ais  cost  of  quality  system  helps  drive  tighter  cost  control  by  allowing  the  quality  management  team  to  identify  and  eliminate  poor  quality  and  high  production  costs  in  areas  such  as  rejects,  unscheduled  machine  downtime,  and  returns  or  reworking.  efficiently  managing  the  flow  of  goods  materials  for  timely  delivery  of  solutions  supply  chain  management  is  the  systematic,  strategic  coordination  of  functions  and  tactics  for  the  purpose  of  improving  longterm  performance  of  the  individual  companies  and  the  supply  chain  as  a  whole.  ais  supply  chain  activities  cover  everything  from  product  development,  sourcing,  production,  and  logistics,  as  well
__label__interactivedisplays as  the  information  systems  needed  to  coordinate  these  activities.  managing  the  flow  of  raw  materials  in  its  supply  chain  network  with  expert  precision,  ais  is  committed  to  meeting  the  ongoing  delivery  needs  and  sustainability  requirements  of  their  customers.  moreover,  their  ability  to  move  products  and  information  to,  from  and  between  members  of  its  supply  chain  is  critical  to  achieving  total  customer  satisfaction.  the  ais  supply  chain  provides  framework  for  the  businesses  and  their  support  to  jointly  deliver  goods,  services,  and  information  efficiently,  effectively  and  relevantly  to  customers.  ais  provides  the  business  processes  and  strategic  solutions  to  its  clients  to  achieve
__label__interactivedisplays integrated,  superior  logistical  management.  from  beginning  to  end,  total  product  lifecycle  management  with  an  improved  bottom  line  product  lifecycle  management  presents  complex  engineering  challenges  and  considerations  for  companies  when  developing  new  products.  aiss  considerable  plm  experience  and  capabilities  allows  them  to  easily  comprehend  the  issues  and  see  through  all  the  pitfalls  of  product  development.  managing  the  entire  lifecycle  of  products  from  inception,  through  engineering  design  and  manufacture,  to  service  and  disposal  of  manufactured  products,  ais  demonstrates  their  valueadd  as  a  true  partner  and  resource  for  their  customers.  in  reliability  engineering,  ais  has  the  knowledge,  tools  and  equipment  to  help  customers
__label__interactivedisplays along  the  widely  known  product  bathtub  curve  of  life  from  a  products  infancy,  through  useful  life  and  onto  final  wear  out.  this  valuable  reliability  engineering  expertise  and  practice  greatly  enhances  product  reliability,  significant  cost  savings  and  bottom  line  results.  new  product  design  reliability  prediction  analysis  fmea  prototypes  functional  test  development  environmental  stress  testing  compliance  and  sample  testing  for  reliability  production/ship  field  failure  analysis  ongoing  cost  reduction  eol  management
__label__interactivedisplays the  oas  universal  data  connector  gives  you  unparalleled  access  to  your  industrial  operations  and  enterprise  data  for  connectivity,  monitoring,  analytics,  and  delivery.  connect  directly  to  plcs,  opc  servers,  files,  databases,  and  iot  platforms  to  create  worldclass  scada  systems  or  industrial  automation  solutions.  thousands  of  customers  worldwide  rely  upon  the  oas  platform  for  moving,  monitoring,  and  connecting  data.  just  a  few  of  the  possibilities  you  can  realize  with  oas  include:  transport  and  transform  data  between  sources,  log  data  to  open  formats  at  unmatched  speeds,  or  even  aggregate  data  from  disparate  sources  visualize  and  control  realtime  data  and  provide  operators  with  customized
__label__interactivedisplays hmis,  complete  with  secure  access.  capture  data  from  devices  and  transport  to  cloudbased  iot  hubs  for  warehousing  or  predictive  analytics  and  scheduled  maintenance  with  direct  plc,  and  iot  connectors,  the  universal  data  connector  and  its  network  architecture  are  the  core  of  the  oas  platform.  highspeed,  faulttolerant  logging  to  popular  open  data  formats  and  rdms  systems  such  as  oracle,  sql  server,  mysql,  and  more.  set  simple  or  complex  alarm  conditions  on  data  points  and  trigger  automated  notifications  via  email,  sms,  or  voice  mail  messaging.  read  and  write  data  to  allen  bradley,  siemens,  and  modbus  devices,  opc  and  opc  ua,  open  databases,
__label__interactivedisplays and  excel.  moving  data  to  iot  platforms  such  as  amazon  web  services  aws,  azure  iot  or  any  mqtt  broker  can  be  easily  configured.  with  components  and  libraries  for  .net,  web  applications,  and  even  native  ios  and  android  apps,  developers  are  able  to  deliver  visualization  and  automation  solutions  to  any  platform.  built  upon  a  distributed  network  architecture  that  enables  advanced  edge  computing  deployments,  reliability,  and  performance  for  iiot  thousands  of  customers  worldwide  trust  oas,  including
__label__interactivedisplays submit  a  request  to  download  the  oas  platform,  hmi  symbols,  individual  components,  and  other  related  items  complete  this  form  and  well  send  you  a  download  link  to  a  .  cant  see  your  data  source  or  destination?  quick  start  guide  is  installed  with  software  and  also  .  to  uninstall  open  automation  software,  use  programs  and  features  of  the  operating  system  and  select  open  automation  software  and  then  click  on  uninstall  .
__label__interactivedisplays the  universal  data  connector,  combined  with  a  wide  variety  of  connectors  for  devices,  databases,  applications,  iot  services  and  more,  is  the  most  robust  and  flexible  framework  for  enterprise  systems  integration.  developer  tools  and  apis  allow  for  infinite  customization  and  automation.  with  direct  plc,  and  iot  connectors,  the  universal  data  connector  and  its  network  architecture  are  the  core  of  the  oas  platform.  the  udc  is  a  windows  service  and  can  be  deployed  in  many  ways.  additional  oas  platform  features  are  enabled  in  the  udc  to  achieve  data  source  connectivity,  to  log  data,  to  log  and  raise  alarm  notifications,  and  to  expose
__label__interactivedisplays tools  for  application  developers.  highspeed,  faulttolerant  logging  to  popular  open  data  formats  and  databases  such  as  oracle,  ms  sql  server,  mysql,  postgresql,  cassandra,  mongodb,  access,  sql  azure,  mariadb,  sqlite,  influxdb,  and  csv  files.  data  is  continually  buffered,  so  unreliable  network  connectivity  or  scheduled  outages  will  not  interrupt  the  collection  of  data.  up  to  1  million  data  points  can  be  logged  per  call,  achieving  up  to  100  nanosecond  resolution.  windows  and  web  visualization  of  real  time  and  historical  data.  platform  components  that  integrate  with  your  open  databases:  highspeed,  faulttolerant  logging  to  popular  open  data  formats  and  databases  such  as  oracle,  ms
__label__interactivedisplays sql  server,  mysql,  postgresql,  cassandra,  mongodb,  access,  sql  azure,  mariadb,  sqlite,  influxdb,  and  csv  files.  visualize  real  time  and  historical  data  in  wpf  and  winform  applications.  build  customizable,  interactive  data  explorers  using  visual  studio,  and  any  .net  language  such  as  c  and  vb.net  visualize  real  time  and  historical  data  in  web  and  mobile  applications.  deliver  interactive  webbased  data  interfaces  with  html,  css,  and  javascript  in  any  web  application  environment  automate  the  generation  of  reports  and  deliver  them  in  multiple  at  customintervals  e.g.  hourly,  daily,  weekly,  or  monthly.  deliver  reports  as  word  or  excel  documents,  pdfs,  and  html  files  or  even
__label__interactivedisplays sent  directly  to  a  networked  printer  set  simple  or  complex  alarm  conditions  and  trigger  notifications  via  email,  sms,  or  voice  mail.  system  alarms  can  be  logged  for  historical  analysis,  and  displayed  in  real  time  within  .net,  web,  and  other  applications  using  oas  developer  tools  and  apis.  alarm  logging  and  notification  is  available  with  the  following  products:  the  oas  alarm  .net  product  provides  realtime  alarming  for  winform  and  wpf  applications.  the  interactive  control  allows  users  to  visualize,  filter,  and  manage  real  time  and  historical  alarms.  the  oas  web  alarm  product  allows  you  to  display  real  time  and  historical  alarms  in  an
__label__interactivedisplays interactive  table,  viewable  on  any  device  with  a  web  browser.  the  oas  platform  includes  connectors  to  achieve  direct  communications  to  alan  bradley  and  siemens  plcs,  as  well  as  modbus  devices,  opc  ua  data  sources,  open  database,  and  more.  there  is  no  better  or  flexible  way  to  connect  to  your  data  and  to  provide  it  to  unlimited  endpoints  or  integrations.  the  following  connectors  are  currently  available:  supports  direct  connections  to  controllers  with  ablogix  and  abclassic  driver  interfaces  such  as  controllogix,  compactlogix,  guardlogix,  and  micro800  with  the  ablogix  driver,  and  micrologix,  slc  500,  and  plc5  with  the  abclassic  driver  connect  directly  to
__label__interactivedisplays siemens  controllers  with  the  built  in  siemens  driver  interfaces  which  support  communications  over  ethernet  to  s7200,  s7300,  s7400,  s71200,  and  s71500  connect  directly  to  modbus  slave  devices  or  host  data  to  modbus  masters  with  the  built  in  modbus  driver  interface  which  supports  communications  over  ethernet  and  serial  interfaces  with  modbus  tcp,  modbus  rtu,  and  modbus  ascii  protocols  free  driver  which  enables  speed  communications  to  opto  22  snap  pac  controllers  the  opc  ua  connector  provides  connectivity  between  opc,  .net,  json,  rest,  web,  scada,  and  database  applications  enables  unlimited  local  and  remote  opc  clients  to  communicate  with  an  oas  service,  allowing  unlimited
__label__interactivedisplays opc  client  connections  while  maintaining  only  one  opc  connection  to  the  local  opc  servers  allows  an  oas  service  to  write  values  from  any  tag  parameter  to  an  opc  item  in  an  opc  server,  simplifying  remote  networking  by  installing  the  oas  service  at  each  opc  server  system.  create  your  own  communication  drivers  using  c  or  vb.net  and  define  custom  interface  and  tag  properties.  this  sdk  is  easy  to  use  and  deploy  and  free  of  charge  to  develop  unlimited  numbers  of  drivers.  the  oas  database  connector  product  provides  data  transfer  from  databases.  the  database  providers  can  be  sql  server,  sql  azure,  access,
__label__interactivedisplays oracle,  mysql,  postgresql,  cassandra,  mariadb,  sqlite,  and  mongodb.  oas  recipe  supports  static  or  dynamic  queries  from  other  data  sources  such  as  device  or  operator  input  from  your  user  interface.  the  oas  excel  connector  product  provides  connectivity  to  microsoft  excel  workbooks  for  both  read  and  write  functionality.  the  oas  excel  connector  can  interface  with  microsoft  excel  2003,  2007,  2010  and  above.  connect  to  cloudbase  iot  gateways  such  as  amazon  web  services,  azure  iot,  and  mqtt  brokers  to  move  device  data  into  the  cloud.  achieve  a  true  iiot  solution  by  incorporating  the  speed  and  reliability  of  the  oas  platform  into  your  iot
__label__interactivedisplays ecosystem.  iot  connectors  currently  available:  write  live  data  to  azure  iot  devices  using  the  built  in  amqp  protocol  driver.  this  enables  you  to  take  full  advantage  of  any  or  all  of  the  other  big  data  and  iot  services  provided  by  azure.  allows  you  to  read  or  write  data  to  and  from  amazon  web  services  iot  devices  using  mqtt  with  tls  transport  layer  security.  this  enables  you  to  take  full  advantage  of  any  or  all  of  the  other  services  provided  by  aws.  the  oas  mqtt  data  connector  allows  you  to  connect  to  mqtt  devices  and  software  brokers  with  the  built  in
__label__interactivedisplays mqtt  driver  interface.  allows  an  oas  service  to  write  values  from  any  tag  parameter  to  an  opc  item  in  an  opc  server,  simplifying  remote  networking  by  installing  the  oas  service  at  each  opc  server  system.  build  visualizations,  user  interfaces,  and  automation  apps  using  developer  tools  and  apis,  for  .net,  web  technologies,  native  ios  and  android  mobile  apps,  and  using  a  rest  api  for  devices  and  applications  on  any  platform.  developers  can  choose  from  components  and  libraries  for  creating  visualization  apps,  headless  data  automations,  or  even  automated  configuration  and  deployment  of  oasbased  systems.  develop  windows  forms  applications  in  .net  using  either
__label__interactivedisplays c  or  vb.net.  includes  a  wide  variety  of  visual  controls.  develop  visually  stunning  wpf  applications  in  .net  using  c  or  vb.net  along  with  xaml.  includes  a  wide  variety  of  visual  controls.  create  real  time  and  historical  trend  visualizations,  plotting  multiple  simultaneous  data  points.  interactive  visual  controls  for  analyzing  and  exporting  data.  view  and  manage  real  time  and  historical  alarms.  interactive  control  allows  users  to  acknowledge  and  comment  on  alarms,  or  filter  based  on  any  attribute.  develop  web  applications  or  integrate  with  existing  web  apps  to  display,  modify,  and  control  real  time  data  in  an  oas  service,  all  from  within  a
__label__interactivedisplays desktop  or  mobile  browser.  create  real  time  and  historical  trend  visualizations,  plotting  multiple  simultaneous  data  points  displayed  in  any  desktop  or  mobile  browser.  view  and  manage  real  time  and  historical  alarms.  interactive  control  allows  users  to  acknowledge  and  comment  on  alarms,  or  filter  based  on  any  attribute.  a  prebuilt  web  application  allowing  users  to  quickly  visualize  data  without  writing  any  code.  includes  modules  for  tag,  alarm,  and  trend  visualization.  create  custom  integrations,  headless  data  feeds,  or  even  automate  the  configuration  of  an  oas  service.  using  the  .net  data  connector  any  c  or  vb.net  application  can  take  advantage  of  the  oas
__label__interactivedisplays service.  native  mobile  applications  for  ios  and  android  can  be  built  using  the  oas  portable  class  library  pcl  and  xamarin  forms.  apps  can  be  deployed  to  the  apple  app  store  for  ios  or  google  play  store  for  android.  any  application  code  capable  of  executing  http  calls  can  communicate  with  an  oas  service  to  read  and  write  tag  data,  as  well  as  read  trend  and  alarm  data.  oas  server  configurations  can  also  be  managed  through  the  api.  create  your  own  communication  drivers  using  c  or  vb.net  and  define  custom  interface  and  tag  properties.  this  sdk  is  easy  to  use  and  deploy
__label__interactivedisplays the  oas  product  platform  is  robust  and  flexible,  and  can  be  configured  to  meet  the  needs  of  your  enterprise  industrial  automation  solutions  oas  platform  licensing  is  based  on  :  you  can  develop  and  deploy  unlimited  client  applications  for  each  distributed  network  architecture  enabled  server.  each  device  driver  supports  unlimited  tags  per  server.
__label__interactivedisplays machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  engineering  technology  is  living  in  the  world  of  interconnectivity.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  dominating  trend  with  industrial  and  consumer  products  being  connected  via  the  internet.  to  operate  these  devices  human  machine  interfaces  hmis  are  becoming  more  sophisticated.  we  spoke  to  four  experts  in  the  world  of  hmi  to
__label__interactivedisplays help  us  explain  the  basics.  hmi,  in  its  simplest  terms,  includes  any  device  or  software  that  allows  you  to  interact  with  a  machine.  this  can  be  as  simple  and  ubiquitous  as  the  traditional  singletouch  display  mounted  on  a  machine  or  as  technologically  advanced  as  a  multitouchenabled  control  panel  or  even  connected  mobile  technology  such  as  smartphones  and  smartwatches.  hmi  is  considered  an  interface  that  allows  humans  to  interact  with  the  machine.  examples  of  hmi  physical  aspects  could  be  a  machine  with  touch  display,  a  push  button,  a  mobile  device,  or  a  computer  with  a  keypad.  from  an  industrial  perspective,  the
__label__interactivedisplays most  valuable  aspect  of  hmi  technology  is  the  ability  to  closely  monitor  production  and  respond  to  changing  production  demands,  which  improves  efficiency  and  decreases  downtime.  these  benefits  are  a  result  of  improved  diagnostics  and  monitoring.  a  properly  designed  hmi  solution  not  only  enhances  productivity  for  the  operator,  but  also  provides  line  of  sight  into  the  system  to  control  or  maintain  the  machine.  alarming  is  a  great  example  of  an  hmi  function  that  provides  visual  indicators  of  a  machines  issue  and  its  severity.  traditional  hmi  solutions  were  standalone,  isolated  terminals  that  were  deployed  by  an  oem  as  part  of  a  machine.
__label__interactivedisplays new  hmi  solutions  are  either  preconfigured  to  send  data  to  the  cloud  or  an  onpremise  solution.  the  iot  is  changing  manufacturing  plants.  more  customers  are  expecting  industrial  hmis  to  work  like  their  cell  phones  in  the  way  they  interact  with  them.  this  is  driving  a  big  change  in  the  perception  of  an  industrial  hmi  and  how  it  is  expected  to  operate.  iot  represents  a  dramatic  increase  in  the  number  of  data  points  in  a  machine  and  factory  with  vertical  connectivity  reaching  into  all  number  of  field  devices.  with  technologies  such  as  open  platform  communications  unified  architecture  integrated  into  pcbased  machine
__label__interactivedisplays controls,  it  is  possible  to  safely  transmit  encrypted  data  from  the  machine  to  the  cloud  and  to  enterprise  level  systems.  the  ability  to  push  data  to  the  cloud  also  enables  engineers  to  integrate  devices  as  smartphones  or  tablets,  for  example,  to  monitor  machine  and  manufacturing  data  remotely,  or  simply  take  the  hmi  anywhere.  as  iot  permeates  the  plant  floor,  hmi  technology  plays  an  important  role  in  connecting  people  and  devices.  for  that  reason,  it  is  imperative  that  hmis  offer  intuitive  visualization  options  and  are  easily  networked  with  other  components  on  the  plant  floor.  hmis  should  be  mobile  and  offer  visibility
__label__interactivedisplays into  operations  in  difficulttoaccess  areas.  innovative  commissioning  and  service  conceptsincluding  system  diagnosticsmust  be  built  in.  hmi  solutions  can  be  a  standalone  terminal  base  or  fairly  distributed  for  larger  applications.  the  latter  can  involve  servergrade  hardware,  a  microsoft  server  os,  and  multiple  nodes  to  load  balance  the  application  requirements.  requirements  for  this  type  of  system  vary  depending  on  the  application,  but  the  display  usually  implements  some  sort  of  touch  functionality,  as  this  makes  the  hmi  much  more  userfriendly;  touchtype  functions  are  generally  very  familiar  to  users.  think  about  how  many  times  you  utilize  twofinger  operations  on  your  smartphone  or  tablet.  this
__label__interactivedisplays kind  of  functionality  is  increasingly  expected  on  the  machine  interface;  consumer  electronics  experiences  ultimately  temper  industrial  electronics  expectations.  because  of  the  mainstream  acceptance  of  smart  devices  such  as  your  smartphone,  tablet,  or  smartwatch,  the  learning  curve  is  very  low  for  users.  multitouch  functionality  is  second  nature  to  most  people  today.  hmi  is  implemented  in  any  industry  where  human  intervention  with  a  machine  or  automated  device  is  necessary.  this  could  be  in  a  machine,  plant,  building,  or  even  a  vehicle.  the  level  of  integration  and  sophistication  may  vary,  but  hmi  can  be  added  to  just  about  any  application  type.  hmi  is
__label__interactivedisplays widely  used  in  manufacturingfrom  the  automotive  industry  to  the  highly  regulated  pharmaceutical  and  food  industries.  process  industries  heavily  use  hmis,  such  as  in  oil  and  gas,  and  mining  operations  in  which  many  processes  are  managed  remotely  from  a  control  room.  the  rise  of  industry  4.0  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things  has  made  this  even  easier,  as  we  can  turn  our  smartphones  into  a  form  of  mobile  hmi,  and  technology  such  as  smartwatches  has  made  hmi  wearable,  increasing  accessibility  and  ease  of  use.  follow  us:
__label__interactivedisplays machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  machines  installed  in  industrial  plants  use  a  wide  variety  of  smart  devices  for  control  and  monitoring,  including  sensors,  instruments,  and  motor  drives.  these  smart  devices  are  connected  to  controllers  such  as  plcs,  and  often  to  human  machine  interfaces  hmis  through  the  controllers.  these  devices  can  also  become  part  of  the  industrial
__label__interactivedisplays internet  of  things  iiot,  and  hmis  often  make  the  enabling  connections.  there  are  two  main  types  of  hmis.  the  first  is  pcbasedusually  an  industrial  pc  when  used  in  machine  monitoring  and  control  applications.  the  second  is  an  embedded  platform  hosting  the  hmi  software  fig.  1  .  pcbased  hmis  have  more  features  than  embedded  hmis.  recent  advances  have  added  many  capabilities  to  embedded  hmis,  making  them  similar  to  pcbased  hmis  in  many  ways,  particularly  in  terms  of  iiot  functionality.  once  the  proper  connections  are  made  via  various  communication  protocols  such  as  asi,  devicenet,  modus,  profibus,  and  ethernet/ip,  smart  device  data  can
__label__interactivedisplays be  collected  using  controllers  and  hmis.  the  hmi  can  format  the  collected  data  as  required,  then  forward  it  to  the  cloud  or  directly  to  users  through  the  internet,providing  security  as  needed.  this  creates  an  iiot  installation  which  can  beused  to  improve  operations.  although  the  acronym  iiot  contains  the  word  internet,  industrial  facilities  often  instead  used  internal  intranets  as  their  communication  networks.  whether  the  network  is  an  intranet  or  the  internet,  and  whether  the  users  are  local  or  remote,  the  installation  is  still  an  iiot  if  its  used  to  connect  users  to  machine  and  plant  floor  data.  embedded  hmi  capabilities  have
__label__interactivedisplays expanded  rapidly  in  recent  years,  allowing  their  use  in  many  iiot  applications.  the  first  step  in  creating  an  iiot  installation  is  connecting  the  smart  field  devicessensors,  instruments,  and  motor  drivesto  controllers  and  hmis.  simple  field  devices  like  a  photoelectric  or  inductive  sensor  just  send  a  single  data  point  to  a  controllers  24  v  dc  discrete  input.  more  sophisticated  smart  sensors  use  a  field  device  network  like  devicenet,  iolink,  or  profibus  dp  to  send  additional  data,  such  as  device  status  and  diagnostics.  analog  instruments  measure  temperature,  pressure,  flow,  and  other  continuous  parameters,  then  transmit  the  measured  information  to  controllers.  basic  instruments
__label__interactivedisplays just  transmit  the  measured  process  variable,  usually  via  a  420  ma  signal.  smart  instruments  use  digital  fieldbus  networks  such  as  ethernet/ip,  foundation  fieldbus,  hart,  or  profibus  pa  to  connect  to  controllers.  as  with  smart  sensors,  these  digital  networks  allow  the  instruments  to  transmit  status  and  diagnostic  data,  as  well  as  one  or  more  measured  variables.  for  example,  a  coriolis  flow  meter  may  transmit  mass  flow,  temperature,  and  density  dataand  also  status  and  diagnostic  data.  its  not  unusual  for  a  single  smart  instrument  to  transmit  more  a  hundred  data  points  to  a  controller  and/or  an  hmi.  simple  discrete  sensors  and  basic
__label__interactivedisplays analog  instruments  can  connect  directly  to  controllers,  or  else  through  remote  controller  i/o  networks,  which  are  most  often  ethernetbased.  smart  sensors  and  instruments  dont  require  remote  i/o,  as  they  use  their  own  digital  networks  to  multiplex  data  back  to  controllers,  or  directly  to  hmis.  servo  drives,  variable  frequency  drives,  and  soft  starters  are  other  types  of  smart  devices.  whether  mounted  in  a  control  cabinet  or  distributed  on  machines,  these  devices  are  connected  to  controllers  via  industrial  ethernet  protocols  that  include  ethernet/ip,  profinet,  ethercat,  powerlink,  and  sercos  iii.  control  and  safety  functions  are  available  via  the  network  connection  to  the  controller.
__label__interactivedisplays controllers  and  hmis  can  also  collect  and  display  drive  status  and  diagnostic  data.  controlling  a  motion  profileor  adjusting  variables  such  as  rpm,  acceleration  time,  and  deceleration  timeare  common  functions.  controllers  are  the  heart  of  communication  on  the  plant  floor  because  most  field  devices  connect  to  them  for  automation  of  machines  and  processes.  some  smart  field  devices  may  have  dual  connections  to  a  controller  and  an  hmi.  in  some  rare  cases,  a  smart  field  device  is  only  used  for  monitoring  and  not  for  control,  and  can  be  connected  directly  to  the  hmi.  one  example  is  a  level  instrument  used  for  inventory
__label__interactivedisplays measurement;  this  is  a  monitoring  function  of  interest  to  the  hmi  users,  but  not  needed  at  the  controller.  each  of  these  connections  ties  machines  sensors,  instruments,  and  drives  to  controllers  and  hmis,  creating  the  base  of  an  iiot  installation.  hmis  can  then  be  used  to  provide  data  and  information  to  local  and  remote  decision  makers,  completing  the  iiot  installation.  once  field  devices  and  controllers  are  connected  to  an  hmi,  it  can  act  as  a  gatekeeper  for  both  communications  and  data.  in  terms  of  communication,  it  can  control  access  to  and  from  the  field  devices  and  controllers  on  the  machine  or
__label__interactivedisplays system.  the  hmi  can  also  store  the  data,  protect  it,  and  make  sure  its  only  distributed  to  authorized  personnel.  field  devices  are  data  providers,  and  are  typically  polled  by  a  controller  or  an  hmi.  when  a  machineor  multiple  machines  on  a  plant  floorcontain  many  devices,  significant  amounts  of  data  are  produced.  a  local  hmi  acting  as  a  data  concentrator  can  collect  this  data  and  store  it  as  necessary.  adjustments  can  be  made  to  reduce  the  amount  of  data  stored.  one  example  is  storing  analog  data  by  exceptionthat  is,  only  when  it  changes  by  a  significant  amount,  as  defined  by  the
__label__interactivedisplays user.  although  many  field  devices  have  the  connectivity  required  to  communicate  directly  with  the  cloud  or  the  internet,  these  types  of  connections  are  not  recommended  for  two  reasons.  the  first  is  the  flood  of  raw  data  produced,  and  the  second  is  security.  using  an  hmi  to  collect  and  concentrate  data,  and  then  passing  the  data  to  the  cloud  or  to  the  internet,  helps  with  security  and  bandwidth  concerns.  the  hmi  can  store  all  the  data  and  present  it  for  local  use,  such  as  trending  and  realtime  analysis.  while  all  the  data  may  be  present  at  the  hmi,  user  levels  configured
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  hmi  can  limit  access  to  it.  with  an  hmi  connected  to  the  cloud,  it  can  limit  data  sent  to  the  cloud,  because  often  only  a  portion  of  the  total  data  is  needed  for  remote  monitoring.  for  example,  the  data  may  be  analyzed  and  only  part  count,  hourly  report  and  summary  information  is  then  sent  the  cloud.  the  hmi  has  thus  taken  raw  data  and  passed  it  to  the  cloud,  where  powerful  analytics  have  turned  it  into  actionable  information,  in  the  process  greatly  reducing  the  bandwidth  requirements  for  cloud  and  internet  connections.  if  more  data  needs  to  be  remotely
__label__interactivedisplays accessed,  an  hmi  can  act  as  a  buffer,  only  sending  data  when  bandwidth  is  available.  some  or  all  data  can  be  forwarded  to  a  database  or  an  historian  in  the  cloud,  either  in  raw  or  compressed  form.  however,  its  important  to  be  aware  of  the  big  data  trap.  care  needs  to  be  taken  to  not  collect  unnecessary  data  just  for  the  sake  of  collecting  data.  hmi  software  can  be  used  to  format  data  and  send  it  directly  to  the  user  or  to  the  cloud  to  complete  the  iiot  connection  fig.  2  .  as  mentioned,  this  raw  data  can  be  turned
__label__interactivedisplays into  actionable  information,  reducing  bandwidth  requirements  and  simplifying  remote  monitoring.  when  designing  an  hmi  for  the  machine,  users  must  consider  how  to  collect,  analyze  and  report  the  data.  with  the  potential  to  collect  large  amounts  of  data,  filtering  is  often  needed  to  make  it  more  usable  by  the  operator  and  remote  users.  connections  to  smart  devices  and  controllers  are  just  the  start  of  an  hmis  capabilities  as  a  communication  hub.  many  of  the  features  built  in  to  an  hmi  can  be  used  present  data  and  information  on  a  remote  pc,  smartphone,  or  tablet.  the  graphics  on  the  displays  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays configured  to  provide  information  at  a  glance,  with  the  ability  to  deep  dive  into  detail  as  desired.  beyond  basic  indication  and  numeric  are  alarm  and  message  displays,  along  with  realtime  trend  data.  all  of  this  information  can  be  displayed  in  real  time  or  historically,  with  comparisons  possible  between  the  two  types  of  data.  this  capability  is  built  in  to  most  hmis  in  varying  degrees,  providing  important  information  to  users.  for  example,  a  technician  troubleshooting  a  problem  may  wish  to  compare  current  operating  conditions  to  a  point  in  the  past  when  another  machine  was  known  to  be  operating  properly.  pulling  operating
__label__interactivedisplays information  from  similar  machines  and  overlaying  realtime  with  historical  data  on  a  trend  screen  can  facilitate  this  task,  providing  insights  that  lead  to  solutions.  some  hmis  also  feature  business  intelligence  templates.  these  templates  provide  simple  software  configuration  not  custom  coding  to  create  information  dashboards  with  kpis.  the  hmi  enables  this  information  and  intelligence  by  combining  the  dashboard  with  realtime  and  historical  data.  the  information  can  be  made  available  to  machine  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  dashboards,  maintenance  systems,  process  improvement  software,  and  erp  systems.  some  hmis  can  connect  with  or  use  statistical  tools,  analytics,  and  data  mining  techniques.  the  ability  to
__label__interactivedisplays view  machine  information  via  trends,  statistical  analysis,  and  dashboards  with  appropriate  data  resolution  can  quickly  highlight  machine  and  process  improvement  opportunities.  modern  hmi  software  has  several  builtin  security  features,  offering  layers  of  access  control.  it  is  extremely  important  not  to  expose  critical  machine  control  infrastructure  to  the  outside  world  through  an  intranet,  internet,  or  other  communication  network.  many  hmis  provide  some  builtin  tools  to  implement  cybersecurity  procedures  and  rules.  to  start,  users  should  consider  push  technologyessentially,  where  the  information  generator  the  hmi,  in  this  case  pushes  data  rather  than  having  others  pulling  the  data  from  the  information  generator  or  central
__label__interactivedisplays server.  this  eliminates  open  network  ports  to  the  machine.  the  hmi  only  sends  machine  data  out  and  doesnt  allow  incoming  data,  using  a  technique  often  referred  to  as  a  data  diode.  the  it  department  should  be  involved  with  the  installation,  and  connection  rules  must  be  followed.  there  are  minimum  infrastructure  requirements  for  connecting  to  the  iiot.  for  example,  a  virtual  private  network  vpn  can  be  installed  before  connecting  an  intranet  to  the  internet  or  the  cloud.  modern  cybersecurity  systems  use  a  technique  referred  to  as  defenseindepth  or  layered  security.  each  layer  is  designed  to  stop  or  slow  down  an  attacker.
__label__interactivedisplays one  layer  is  physical  access  security,  where  an  operator  must  be  present  to  operate  a  machine.  another  layer  is  data  and  communication  encryption,  where  ethernet  switches  and  vpn  connections  encrypt  the  data.  authorization  and  authentication  is  another  layer  of  iot  security.  both  operating  systems  and  hmi  software  have  controls  available  to  restrict  access  to  only  some  data  and  functions.  the  builtin  username  and  password  functions  of  any  hmi  connected  to  a  machine  should  be  implemented  including  rolebased  access  controls  to  limit  access  to  only  whats  required  for  the  particular  user.  for  example,  a  technician  responsible  for  remote  monitoring  of  many
__label__interactivedisplays machines  may  require  a  very  high  level  of  access,  but  a  manager  may  only  require  access  to  kpi  information.  access  lists  can  add  security  by  limiting  access  to  users  on  the  list.  pcs,  smartphones,  and  tablets  should  all  use  authentication  to  restrict  unauthorized  users  from  accessing  any  functionality  or  data  on  the  plant  floor,  in  a  database,  or  through  use  of  an  hmi.  mquinas  fixs  solution  included  indusoft  web  studio  as  the  hmi,  selected  for  its  remote  access  capabilities  and  simple  configuration.  the  hmi  provides  local  viewing  of  data  via  a  touch  screen  mounted  to  the  machine.  connection  to  the
__label__interactivedisplays beckhoff  controller  via  twincat  communication  enables  realtime  machine  information  to  be  provided  to  the  operator  in  the  form  of  process  variables,  trends  and  alarms.  the  ability  to  quickly  analyze  realtime  data  from  this  brick  press  and  other  machines  resulted  in  a  50  improvement  in  brick  manufacturing  production  time.  in  one  example,  monteiro  tijolosa  brazilian  producer  of  ecological  bricksneeded  help  manufacturing  its  product.  it  teamed  with  mquinas  fix,  a  local  system  integrator.  monteiro  tijolos  needed  a  solution  with  the  flexibility  for  future  hardware  and  software  additions.  the  company  also  needed  good  remote  data  visibility  of  the  multiple  processes  and  machines,  as
__label__interactivedisplays well  as  the  ability  to  perform  remote  maintenance  functions.  brick  manufacturing  includes  raw  material  processing  such  as  batching,  mixing,  and  moistening.  it  also  includes  machines  for  compacting,  shaping  and  handling  the  brick  to  meet  final  specifications  fig.  3  .  using  the  indusoft  web  studio  for  the  hmi  and  a  connection  to  a  beckhoff  controller  via  twincat,  the  realtime  information  shows  status  of  the  brick  press,  compactor  pressure,  overall  status  of  the  product,  composition,  and  densityalong  with  overall  accept  or  reject  status  and  more.  the  hmi  embedded  in  the  machine  makes  it  possible  to  quickly  check  the  overall  efficiency  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays machine  and  evaluate  the  product  to  ensure  it  complies  with  necessary  standards.  a  variety  of  alerts  helped  local  and  remote  operators  react  quickly  to  problems.  one  of  the  many  improvements  included  use  of  hmi  charts,  objects,  and  dashboards.  mquinas  fix  estimates  graphical  display  of  multiple  data  points,  and  resulting  analysis  allowed  them  to  improve  production  by  50.  whether  connections  are  made  locally  through  an  intranet,  or  remotely  through  the  internet  and  possibly  the  cloud,  iiot  installations  enabled  by  hmis  have  the  potential  to  improve  machine  and  plant  operations.  follow  us:
__label__interactivedisplays arc  advisory  group  one  of  the  components  of  is  the  hmi/scada  software.  as  is  the  case  with  the  role,  place  and  future  of  scada  in  general,  the  hmi  software  market  hmi  stands  for  the  human  machine  interface  is  strongly  impacted  by  iot  and  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  cyberphysical  systems  and  in  general.  for  some  scada  systems  dont  even  have  a  future  in  a  world  where  and  the  shift  of  intelligence  to  the  edge,  the  ,  mobility,  artificial  intelligence,  digital  twins  and  far  more  evolutions  also  nontechnical  ones  are  disrupting  and  driving  otintensive  environments  and  the  automation  market  overall,  from
__label__interactivedisplays ,  changes  in  oil  and  gas  to  evolutions.  however,  thats  for  a  later  article  as  the  main  consensus  today  is  that,  certainly  in  the  close  to  middleterm  future  it  is  not  a  question  of  scada  versus  iiot  but  of  the  combination  of  next  generation  scada  and  iot  for  several  reasons.  among  them  are  the  perceived  need  of  scada  in  critical  industrial  processes  also  think  scada  security  ,  interoperability  and  scalability  but  in  this  day  and  age  things  do  evolve  fast,  certainly  when  and  machine  learning  are  added  to  iot  and  other  technologies.  which  of  course  also  needs  hardware  arc  advisory
__label__interactivedisplays group  although  scada  and  hmi  software  are  not  the  same  as  scada  is  the  overall  control  system  also  including  hardware  and  hmi  software  is  what  the  operator  is  working  with,  de  facto  we  speak  about  hmi/scada  software.  the  landscape  of  scada  software  went  through  a  stage  of  integration  and  better  control,  but  several  vendors  sell  hmi  software  nowadays  all  with  webbased  html5  editions  or  addons  ,  historian  software,  reporting  software,  alarm  software,  development  software  and  all  sorts  of  clients  in  the  scope  of  scada,  often  along  with  higherlevel  applications  such  as  manufacturing  execution  systems,  analytics  management  etc.  where  the  list
__label__interactivedisplays of  applications  below  comes  in  as  a  way  to  explore  the  landscape  and  offerings/visions  as  we  added  a  bit  of  everything  in  the  scope  of  hmi  and  scada  software  .  strictly  speaking  scada  software  is  the  software  part  of  scada  systems  which  comprises  several  types  of  software  such  as  hmi  software,  software  platforms  to  build  scada  applications  and  all  the  software  in  the  overall  data  communication  platform.  :  while  the  hmi  presents  the  data  to  an  operator  the  data  needs  to  be  gathered  from  all  across  the  process  or  the  specific  concerned  facilities.  to  do  so  and  relay  data  from
__label__interactivedisplays remote  sensors  you  again  need  various  hardware  and  software  which  leverage  communication  protocols  such  as  opc  enabling  the  data  communication  to  the  hmi.  which  then  could  include  the  actual  hmi  software  or  tools  to  build/configure  them,  alarm  management,  data  collection  and  realtime  analytics,  various  forms  of  data  integration,  a  plant  historian,  fault  detection  and  so  forth.  and  the  market  is  also  changing  fast  in  the  sense  that  vendors  get  acquired  by  larger  players  as  we  mentioned  before.  when  arc  advisory  group,  which  has  been  following  the  scada  market  across  myriad  industries  and  applications  for  a  very  long  time  announced  a
__label__interactivedisplays hmi/scada  software  evaluation  and  selection  guide  in  the  late  spring  of  2017,  the  companys  vp  craig  resnick  shared  some  views  on  the  hmi/scada  software  evolutions  in  a  video  to  explain  and  promote  the  guide  video  below  .  moreover,  resnick  said,  other  new  technologies  such  as  ,  virtualization,  mobility  and  analytics  and  do  add  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  to  that  are  becoming  increasingly  important  for  end  users  and  oems  and  thus  are  considerations  in  the  selection  and  deployment  of  hmi/scada  software.  the  software  provides  connectivity  and  visualization  to  business,  engineering,  and  mes  software  systems  ,  which  connect  with,  among  others
__label__interactivedisplays enterprise  resource  planning  systems  that  are  utterly  changing  as  well  with  iot,  artificial  intelligence  and  being  key  elements  in  next  generation  erp,  also  called  or  ierp  by  idc.  in  the  regarding  the  research  on  the  human  machine  interface  software  and  services,  the  company  points  to  several  mainly  technological  and  datarelated  drivers  for  the  hmi  software  and  services  market  that  is  poised  to  grow  despite  various  slowing  factors  as  mentioned  by  senior  analyst  himanshu  shah.  arc  advisory  group  among  these  inhibitors:  a  slowdown  in  the  global  economy,  reduced  investments  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  an  overcapacity  in  the  metals  industries
__label__interactivedisplays and,  last  but  not  least,  the  chinese  economy  that  isnt  growing  the  way  many  had  expected.  if  you  look  at  the  drivers  of  the  human  machine  interface  or  hmi  software  and  services  market,  on  the  other  hand,  in  the  end  at  the  very  core  are  two  elements  which  are  pretty  ubiquitous  in  virtually  all  industrial  markets,  industrial  systems  and  systems  that  are  becoming  or  have  become  an  integration  and/or  intelligence  hub  in  a  rapidly  changing  landscape  just  as  systems  become  the  digital  hubs  in  the  building  space  where  ongoing  systems  integration  occurs  as  found  in  the  2017  edition  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays .  ,  scada  has  become  more  mature  as  the  data  and  information  exchange  with  several  industrial  systems  on  the  higher  levels  of  the  industrial  automation  pyramid  ok,  its  not  really  a  pyramid  ,  from  supply  chain  management  systems,  manufacturing  execution  systems,  other  operations  management  systems  and  ultimately  the  erp  system.  indeed,  iot,  edge  computing  and  artificial  intelligence  on  the  edge,  etc.  such  as  the  mentioned  disruption  of  erp  as  we  move  to  intelligent  erp  and  where  industrial  iot  and  the  technologies  that  come  with  it  are  playing  a  key  role  for  the  future,  as  are  the  demands  for  ever  faster
__label__interactivedisplays and  better  information  flows,  interoperability,  security,  standardization  and  the  experience  of  the  user.  to  conclude  lets  go  back  to  that  video  in  which  craig  resnick  explains  the  what,  why  and  how  of  the  and  talks  about  some  of  the  criteria  that  should  be  taken  into  account  when  selecting  a  modern  hmi  software  solution  that  is  future  fit  amidst  all  the  mentioned  challenges  and  changes.  obviously,  these  criteria  must  fit  the  challenges  of  today  and  tomorrow.  and  lets  certainly  not  overlook  the  aspects  of  the  software  you  are  looking  atmore  in  the  top  image:  shutterstock  c  hmi  image:  shutterstock  c  all
__label__interactivedisplays american  industrial  systems,  inc.  ais,  a  leader  in  development  of  hmi  systems,  industrial  panel  touchscreens  and  touchpanel  operator  interfaces  for  industrial  markets  and  applications  has  announced  the  availability  of  new  industry  4.0  ready,  smart  hmi  operator  platforms  and  customization  services  for  scada,  information  and  communications  technologies  ict  and  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  applications.  this  content  was  submitted  directly  to  this  website  by  the  supplier.  american  industrial  systems,  inc.  ais,  a  leader  in  development  of  hmi  systems,  industrial  panel  touchscreens  and  touchpanel  operator  interfaces  for  industrial  markets  and  applications  has  announced  the  availability  of  new  industry  4.0  ready,  smart  hmi
__label__interactivedisplays operator  platforms  and  customization  services  for  scada,  information  and  communications  technologies  ict  and  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  applications.  this  includes  their  new  platform  of  open  architecture  platform,  iiotready,  industrial  grade  touchpanels:  premium,  standard  and  compact  series  of  hmis.  as  the  internet  of  things  evolve  into  a  web  of  platforms  for  connected  devices  and  objects,  supporting  smart  environments,  businesses,  services  and  people  with  dynamic  and  adaptive  configuration  capabilities,  the  need  for  strong  cooperation  between  telecom,  hardware,  software  and  service  industries  to  create  effective  internet  ecosystems  is  important.  ais  is  developing  new  relationships  and  partnerships  to  collaborate  on  developing  fully  connected,
__label__interactivedisplays integrated  internet  of  things  solutions  that  will  accelerate  growth  and  new  opportunities  in  smart  cities,  smart  building,  smart  transportation,  smart  factories  and  digital  oilfields.  ais  is  establishing  relationships  and  partnerships  with  global  leaders  in  the  following  disciplines  and  industries:  the  goal  of  these  partnerships  and  relationships  is  to  create  ecosystems  of  platforms  for  connected  smart  objects  and  integrating  the  future  generation  of  devices,  embedded  systems,  network  technologies  and  information  and  communications  technology  ict.  the  term  ict  is  also  often  called  or  used  for  information  technology  it,  but  is  a  more  specific  term  that  stresses  the  role  of  unified  communications  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  integration  of  equipment,  machinery,  telecommunications,  computers  as  well  as  necessary  enterprise  software,  middleware,  storage,  and  audiovisual  systems,  which  enable  users  to  access,  store,  transmit,  process  and  analyze  information  and  data.  as  a  hallmark  of  aiss  proven  open  architecture  design,  aiss  new  industry  4.0  ready,  intelligent  hmi  operator  interface  solutions  overcome  the  fragmentation  of  verticallyoriented  closed  or  proprietary  control  and  monitoring  systems  by  providing  smart  factories  integrated,  open,  control  and  monitoring  systems  and  platforms.  some  key  requirements  for  enabling  open  platforms  for  connected  smart  objects  in  the  internet  of  things,  include:  dynamically  configured  infrastructure  and  integration  platforms  for  connected  smart
__label__interactivedisplays objects  covering  multiple  technologies;  efficient  integration  of  the  next  generation  of  smart  devices  into  selfadaptive,  robust,  safe,  intuitive,  affordable  and  interconnected  smart  network  and  service  platforms;  and  availability  of  architectures  and  methodologies  that  can  be  used  by  integrators  and  smes  to  provide  iot  turnkey  solutions  in  a  variety  of  application  fields.  each  component  within  the  layers  physical,  smart  and  connectivity  that  make  up  the  industrial  internet  of  things  expand  the  capabilities  of  one  another  resulting  in  a  continuous  cycle  of  value  improvement  and  maximization  of  assets.  as  the  primary  visualization  and  interface  tool  needed  to  support  the  integration  and  interaction
__label__interactivedisplays of  these  components,  aiss  smart  and  open  architecture  platform  hmi  touchpanels  and  operator  interfaces  help  provide  many  functions,  services  and  capabilities  which  include:  ais  recently  introduced  their  new  series  of  hmis  including,  the  premium,  standard  and  compact  hmis.  key  features  of  the  entire  range  of  new,  open  hmi  touch  panels  from  ais  include:  for  more  information,  click
__label__interactivedisplays as  i  look  around  the  show  floor  here  at  ,  im  impressed  by  the  variety  of  companies  in  attendance.  you  can  find  everything  from  industrial  sensors.  cables.  plc.  software.  applications.  cloud.  vendors  from  every  sector  have  come  together  in  hanover,  germany.  and  what  ties  it  all  together?  the  network.  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  the  industry  is  facing  in  the  race  to  industry  4.0  is  history.  it  got  decades  of  investment  in  industrial  protocols,  decades  of  competition  in  fieldbuses,  huge  install  base  of  proprietary  equipment  and  systems  across  the  world  that  operate  with  different  protocols  across  both  ip  and  nonip
__label__interactivedisplays devices.  how  can  you  drive  innovation,  flexibility  and  growth  at  a  global  scale  in  such  a  fragmentated  environment?  at  cisco,  this  is  a  challenge  thats  very  familiar  we  love  networking  and  we  love  to  see  how  our  customers  benefit  from  embracing  open  technologies.  remember  when  voice  and  data  were  on  different  networks?  cisco  led  a  massive  business  transformation  to  converge  these  networks  and  transform  communication  to  open,  and  interoperable  systems  with  easy  information  exchange.  now  cisco  is  helping  lead  a  similar  convergence  in  industrial  sectors,  like  manufacturing  and  utilities.  to  that  end,  weve  made  instrumental  changes  to  our  portfolio,  including
__label__interactivedisplays introducing  cisco  validated  designs,  enhancing  existing  products  and  attaining  new  certifications,  such  as  the  .  were  also  the  second  company  to  be  .  this  convergence  is  leading  the  transformation  of  these  industries.  and  at  the  heart  of  it  is  the  network.  take  for  example  one  of  our  manufacturing  customers  festo.  as  a  global  manufacturer  of  process  control  and  factory  automation  solutions,  festos  solutions  are  used  across  nearly  every  industry,  from  the  precision  needed  for  semiconductor  manufacturing  through  consistency  for  a  craft  beer  brewer.  festo  offers  23,000  products  and  delivers  29,000  orders  totaling  more  than  70  tons  of  products  worldwide  per
__label__interactivedisplays day.  to  succeed  in  serving  so  many  industries,  festo  must  be  able  to  quickly  adapt  its  production  floor  and  network.  and  for  that,  it  counts  on  cisco.  key  to  this  flexibility?  ciscos  building  block  production  design  and  modular  hardware  approach.  festos  automation  systems  rely  on  an  advanced  and  integrated  highspeed  industrial  architecture  that  is  secure,  reliable  and  provides  realtime  visibility  and  to  do  this,  we  at  festo  are  utilizing  ciscos  brand  new  industrial  iot  networking  solutions  for  the  factory,  noted  philipp  neidlein,  it  product  manager,  void  and  data  network  at  festo.  early  deployments  of  the  has  opened  the  door  to
__label__interactivedisplays new  opportunities  to  simplify  management  while  continuing  to  deploy  cutting  edge,  data  intensive  iot  applications.  our  team  works  tirelessly  to  make  our  iot  products  and  iot  blueprints  deliver  true  business  outcomes  for  our  customers.  as  a  product  manager,  i  strive  on  customer  feedback  and  it  makes  our  days  so  much  more  meaningful  when  our  customers  recognize  the  products  you  thought  through  and  took  to  market  has  such  an  impact  on  their  business.  festo  is  just  one  of  dozens  of  cisco  iot  manufacturing  customers  across  the  world.  we  are  working  with  over  50,000  customers  across  industries  to  ensure  the  success  of
__label__interactivedisplays their  digital  journey  and  here  are  the  ingredients  factory  networking,  industrial  security,  edge  computing,  and  visibility  and  control.  at  hmi  we  are  showcasing  our  iot  solutions  along  with  our  :  if  youre  at  hmi  2019,  too,  visit  us  at  .  together  with  key  partners,  we  are  showing  the  power  of  a  secure  and  proven  network  to  fuel  industry  4.0.  to  learn  more  about  our  iot  solutions  portfolio,  visit  our  .  call  us:  us/can  5am5pm  pacific
__label__interactivedisplays every  plant  has  its  unique  lifecycle,  which  sees  both  equipment  and  employees  evolve  over  time.  industry  4.0  has  expedited  this  evolution,  with  new  technologies  leading  to  increased  productivity,  improved  efficiency  and  decreased  costs.  upscaling  a  manufacturing  facility  doesnt  always  require  investments  in  new,  or  more  advanced  machinery.  there  is  much  more  to  consider,  including  software.  here,  martyn  williams,  managing  director  ofindustrial  software  expertcopadata  uk,  explains  by  tapping  into  gravity  and  the  water  cycle,  humans  have  long  taken  advantage  of  one  of  earths  most  efficient  and  naturally  occurring  energy  sources,  water.  while  robotics  is  still  a  long  way  off  and  vr
__label__interactivedisplays is  still  in  its  infancy  for  consumers,  the  way  in  which  we  communicate  with  smart  devices  and  applications  will  change  much  sooner  than  we  thought.  voice  will  dominate  how  we  communicate  with  more  and  more  devices;  chatbots  will  also  do  the  same  but  with  a  more  discrete  approach,  often  being  used  where  voice  may  not  be  appropriate.  a  recent  user  experience  evaluation  from  the  invehicle  ux  ivx  group  at  strategy  analytics  has  assessedmercedesbenzs  semiautonomous  driving  assistant  in  a  2018  sclass  sedan.  on  completion,  strategy  analytics  found  that  this  iteration  shows  improvements  in  control  location,  the  autonomous  driving  ad  market  in
__label__interactivedisplays japan  experienced  strong  growth  in  2016  with  the  first  adlevel  2  commercialised  vehicle  in  the  passenger  car  market.  the  japanese  automotive  market  is  now  declining  in  terms  of  new  vehicle  sales  due  to  depopulation,  demotorisation,  as  well  as  an  aging  society,  as  all  car  model  lines  become  crowded  with  similar  connected  features,  one  way  automakers  are  attempting  to  differentiate  is  through  unique  twists  on  hmi,  especially  displays.  a  new  report  from  the  invehicle  ux  ivx  group  at  strategy  analytics  personalised  displays:  a  potential  differencemaker  for  incar  hmi,  renesas  electronics,  a  supplier  of  advanced  semiconductor  solutions,  and  segger,  a  provider  of
__label__interactivedisplays software,  hardware,  and  development  tools  for  embedded  systems,  announced  a  collaboration  that  makes  seggers  powerful  emwin  gui  software  package  available  for  commercial  use  at  no  cost  to  customers  renesas  electronics,  a  supplier  of  advanced  semiconductor  solutions,  announced  the  expansion  of  its  popular  rx65n/rx651  group  of  microcontroller  mcu  lineup  that  addresses  advanced  security  needs  for  connected  devices  operating  in  industrial  automation,  building  automation,  and  smart  metering  systems.  in  keeping  with  current  smartphone  saturation,  consumers  are  increasingly  relying  on  connected  apps  for  a  variety  of  purposes  in  the  car.  be  it  for  straightforward  connectivity  or  infotainment,  use  of  these  apps  is  having
__label__interactivedisplays a  negative  impact  on  embedded  solutions.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019
__label__interactivedisplays iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__interactivedisplays nexcom  offers  a  full  line  of  hmis  human  machine  interface  with  ip66  certified  lcd  front  panel  in  sizes  from  4.3  to  15.  they  are  the  ideal  choice  for  demanding  hmi  applications  including  factory,  marine  and  building/home  automation.  the  jmobile  software  has  more  than  200  communication  drivers  available,  allowing  you  to  connect  to  a  wide  variety  of  control  devices  to  support  plc  applications  and  improve  the  efficiency  of  machine  manufacturing.
__label__interactivedisplays the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  is  the  application  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  an  industrial  setting  which  applies  smart  technology  smart  sensors,  data  collection/storage,  and  cloudbased  analytics  connected  together  using  the  internets  infrastructure  to  achieve  value  added  performance  within  an  industrys  enterprise.  iot  is  the  interconnection  of  smart  devices  that  monitor,  inform,  and  enhance  personal  aspects  of  everyday  life  via  the  internet.  iiot,  in  a  similar  way,  builds  on  the  same  technology  and  concepts  as  iot  to  provide  the  ability  to  connect  businesses,  people,  machines,  data,  and  devices  within  an  industrial  setting  specifically  targeted  to  enhance  the
__label__interactivedisplays performance  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain.  for  example,  the  robotic  arm  on  an  assembly  line,  a  thermostat  in  a  freezer  delivery  truck,  or  a  pump  that  provides  fresh  water  are  all  connected  providing  and  sharing  data  to  make  informed  real  time  data  driven  decisions  that  better  control  the  process  they  are  part  of.  iiot  technology  can  be  applied  to  solve  difficult  logistic,  manufacturing,  and  supply  chain  issues  that  benefit  both  the  manufacturer  and  consumer.  leveraging  iiot  in  an  existing  enterprise  is  a  mutually  beneficial  aspect  of  iiot  implementation  and  can  reduce  operational  costs  while  ensuring  the  highest  quality  possible  in
__label__interactivedisplays a  wide  variety  of  an  industrys  processes.  before  a  process,  plant,  system,  or  enterprise  can  qualify  to  be  part  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  they  must  fit  into  four  categories.  the  first  category  is  interconnection.  there  must  be  interconnection  between  sensors/algorithms  and  the  operators  themselves.  this  means  there  must  be  a  humanmachine  interface  hmi  or  a  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  system  in  place  that  monitors  and  allows  the  operators  to  interact  with  the  process  or  equipment.  this  interaction  can  range  from  simply  monitoring  and  recording  values  to  complete  control  and  decision  making  for  the  process.  the  second
__label__interactivedisplays category  is  normalization  of  data,  meaning  the  reorganization  of  data  into  something  that  models  the  process  from  where  the  data  is  being  acquired.  for  example,  monitoring  a  trend  on  an  hmi  to  understand  the  performance  of  a  system  over  time.  this  data  could  even  be  coming  raw  from  the  sensor/algorithm  directly  to  the  operator.  the  analysis  of  data  is  the  third  category.  the  systems  must  be  able  to  assist  in  decision  making  and  keep  the  operators  safe  from  tasks  that  may  not  be  safe.  the  industries  that  require  automation/smart  factories  can  be  dangerous  and  require  extreme  safety.  the  introduction  of
__label__interactivedisplays an  automated  process,  controlled  remotely,  can  increase  the  safety  of  the  operators  and  remove  them  from  a  dangerous  position.  lastly,  the  systems  must  become  selfreliant  over  time.  this  will  come  from  their  data  acquisitions  and  established  protocols  so  that  the  operation  can  work  smarter.  a  more  reliable  and  automated  system  makes  for  a  more  productive  process.  the  next  steps  in  iiot  will  change  the  way  that  people,  factories,  and  systems  work  together.  throughout  the  next  decade  we  will  continue  to  see  innovations  in  the  way  that  devices,  people,  and  systems  are  connected.  the  effort  to  employ  iiot  software,  hardware  with
__label__interactivedisplays embedded  cloud  capabilities,  will  improve  the  way  people  make  decisions  across  the  entire  manufacturing  enterprise.  in  the  coming  years,  protocols,  infrastructure,  and  standards  will  be  further  developed  and  enhanced.  this  will  make  it  easier  to  securely  collect  data  from  sensors  and  smart  devices  on  the  edges  of  production  and  logistics  for  analysis  and  therefore  change  how  production  systems  will  work  in  the  future.  this  data  acquisition  will  allow  for  smarter  and  more  efficient  factories,  transportation  and  logistics  companies,  and  industrial  production.  the  annual  return  on  investment  roi  that  the  industrial  internet  can  provide  will  change  the  way  industries  work.  the
__label__interactivedisplays interconnected,  automated  processes  will  give  companies  who  choose  to  invest  in  iiot  a  competitive  advantage,  cost  control  optimization,  increased  production,  and  the  ability  to  analyze  their  data  for  problems  and  places  for  improvement.  problems  that  factories  encounter  will  always  be  there,  but  with  better  computational  capabilities  those  problems  can  be  predicted  in  advance,  creating  more  uptime  and  thus  more  uniform  stable  production  output.  to  successfully  employ  the  iiot  technologies  companies  will  have  to  adopt  fundamental  abilities  within  their  enterprise.  to  ensure  iiot  success,  there  needs  to  be  a  high  degree  of  proficiency  within  the  following  areas;  sensor  driven  computing/edge  computing,
__label__interactivedisplays analytics,  and  intelligent  machinery.  new  connected  technology  and  iiot  capable  devices  have  enhanced  sensor  capabilities  where  sensors  can  store  large  amounts  of  raw  data  to  the  cloud.  this  allows  analytics  to  crunch  that  large  data  so  meaningful,  realtime  decisions  can  be  made  and  relayed  to  smart  machinery  that  use  the  information  to  better  control  the  fidelity  of  any  particular  process  iiot  is  applied  to.  iiot  creates  realtime  decisions  because  cloudbased  analytics  can  distill  that  data  through  a  much  more  manageable  algorithm  that  makes  decisions  faster.  industries  are  positioning  themselves  to  utilize  and  apply  iiot  connected  technology  in  a  way  that
__label__interactivedisplays industry  4.0  is  causing  software  and  manufacturing  to  converge.  there  are  many  ways  in  which  .  from  condition  monitoring  to  predictive  maintenance  the  examples  are  manifold.  software  can  also  help  you  improve  the  quality  of  your  product  or  manage  task  allocation.  it  is  even  possible  to  retrofit  older  machines.  the  cleanliness  of  the  oil  used  to  test  hydraulic  valves  after  production  must  meet  a  specified  iso  target  code.  in  order  to  obtain  valid  test  results,  we  had  to  improve  the  oil  quality.  we  retrofitted  the  test  benches,  with  iot  gateways  and  connected  sensors.  this  enabled  existing  machines  to  communicate  and
__label__interactivedisplays perform  sensorbased  monitoring  of  the  testing  medium.  together  with  our  customer,  we  created  a  rulebased  method  to  monitor  the  iso  cleanliness  level  of  the  oil.  it  is  now  possible  to  continuously  monitor  the  processing  units  and  use  an  automated  system  for  maintenance  tickets.  with  this  approach,  our  customer  was  able  to  transform  a  manual  process  into  an  automated  process.  airbag  controlunits  are  manufactured  by  mechatronic  presses  that  assemble  every  component  by  mating.  to  gain  a  better  understanding  of  these  mating  processes  and  how  process  parameters  and  product  quality  relate,  we  extracted  the  process  data  from  the  proprietary  press  control  system.
__label__interactivedisplays that  way  we  were  able  to  we  used  the  data  to  define  a  template  process  which  then  served  as  a  reference  for  each  press  in  the  production.  this  allowed  a  direct  evaluation  of  every  single  pressing  process,  based  on  the  raw  data.  in  the  past  this  was  only  possible  with  a  downstream  qualityassessment.  when  production  lines  are  scattered  across  the  world,  it  is  important  that  products  should  be  of  the  same  quality,  regardless  where  they  are  manufactured.  one  of  our  customers  faced  this  issue  when  it  came  to  improving  the  overall  quality  of  our  approach  in  this  industry  4.0  project
__label__interactivedisplays was  to  connect  the  nut  runners  in  different  production  locations  to  centralized  software.  this  made  it  possible  to  apply  the  same  quality  standards  to  processes  in  different  locations.  in  this  industry  4.0  use  case,  we  developed  a  in  collaboration  with  a  manufacturer.  because  there  was  no  central  management  system  for  the  machines,  error  messages  were  only  displayed  locally  on  the  humanmachine  interface  hmi.  this  meant  that  workers  had  to  wait  by  the  machine  and  might  overlook  other  important  issues.  we  decided  to  set  up  one  centralized  system  to  record  and  display  all  machine  data.  we  also  established  a  system  that
__label__interactivedisplays automatically  creates  maintenance  tickets  and  allocates  workers  depending  on  the  situation.  the  workers  access  this  system  using  an  android  app  with  push  notifications.  the  challenge  here  related  to  the  the  data  on  process  parameters  were  stored  in  a  database  which  was  checked  only  once  a  day.  we  wanted  to  evaluate  the  data  using  a  manufacturing  execution  system  mes.  but  since  the  machines  were  old,  the  expense  of  connecting  them  to  the  mes  was  not  a  costeffective  option.  instead,  we  used  a  software  connector  to  read  out  and  display  the  data  directly  from  the  machine.  that  way  we  were  able  to
__label__interactivedisplays evaluate  the  status  and  notify  associates  when  deviations  occurred.  this  also  allowed  us  to  check  and  service  machines  on  demand.  monitoring  the  status  of  a  cnc  machine  is  particularly  difficult.  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  which  many  large  manufacturing  facilities  are  facing  is  not  being  able  to  see  what  is  going  on  at  a  granular  level.  in  other  words,  monitoring  is  laborintensive  and  often  only  provides  limited  insight  into  operations.  employees  normally  check  the  vibrations  of  the  machines  at  predefined  intervals.  this  fixed  schedule  means  that  a  problem  may  go  undetected  for  some  time.  it  is  also  hard  to  calculate
__label__interactivedisplays the  cycle  time  of  various  machines  and  pinpoint  where  underperforming  machines  are  affecting  production.  we  decided  to  connect  sensors  to  each  machine  to  collect  information  on  its  operating  status  and  performance.  these  parameters  were  then  centrally  processed  and  displayed.  this  allowed  us  to  analyze  information  in  close  to  real  time.  we  were  thus  able  to  trigger  standardized  machine  checks  to  optimize  production  parameters.  blocked  pipes  in  a  cooling  system  can  lead  to  pump  failure.  we  encountered  this  problem  in  a  plant  where  there  was  one  cooling  system  with  four  cooling  pumps.  there  was  no  central  monitoring  of  cooling  performance  over
__label__interactivedisplays time.  we  attached  temperature  and  flow  sensors  to  the  cooling  pipes  to  generate  data.  then  we  defined  limits  for  cooling  power  and  flow.  managing  cutting  fluid  involves  measuring  the  concentration,  dosage  and  addition  of  fluid,  and  documenting  measurements.  it  can  be  a  completely  manual  process  which  is  not  always  ideal.  using  a  digital  refractometer,  we  were  able  to  measure  the  concentration  of  cutting  fluid.  if  air  bubbles  formed  in  the  cutting  fluid  mixture,  this  rendered  the  measured  values  useless.  these  values  then  had  to  be  deleted.  painting  can  be  a  demanding  task.  especially  when  it  comes  to  complexshaped  items  like
__label__interactivedisplays car  windshield  wiper  arms.  this  means  that  a  paint  shop  has  to  deal  with  a  varying  degree  of  quality  when  it  comes  to  their  paint  jobs.  by  integrating  the  iot  gateway  into  the  process,  we  enabled  our  project  partner  to  collect  production  data.  this  helped  identify  three  parameters  of  relevance  to  product  quality:  temperature,  humidity  and  paint  consumption.  we  then  defined  threshold  values  enabling  alerts  to  be  issued  when  quality  parameters  were  out  of  spec.  another  industry  4.0  use  case  is  vibration  monitoring  in  milling  machines.  by  positioning  sensors  close  to  the  machine  it  is  possible  to  measure  vibration  and
__label__interactivedisplays gather  information  about  specific  vibration  patterns  during  cutting  operations  like  milling  or  drilling.  in  this  way  process  data  is  collected  on  a  large  scale  and  provides  a  unique  digital  fingerprint  for  every  milling  process.  by  comparing  the  measured  roughness  with  the  individual  fingerprints  you  can  see  how  the  two  sets  of  data  correlate.  we  have  more  use  cases  for  condition  monitoring  available.  check  them  out  do  you  want  to  know  how  the  production  performance  management  protocol  ppmp  can  boost  your  production  output?  predictive  maintenance  optimizes  maintenance  processes.  nuce  collection  i  think  the  gas  monitoring  airborne  molecular  measurement  should  be  also
__label__interactivedisplays is  a  core  component  of  industrial  transformation  efforts  across  the  globe,  including  industry  4.0  with  its  fourth  industrial  revolution  and  the  industrial  internet  with  the  industrial  internet  consortium  moreover,  manufacturing  isnt  just  the  clear  leader  in  the  industrial  internet  but  it  tops  all  industries  including  the  consumer  iot  space  in  the  broader  iotreality.  according  to  idc  data,  published  early  2017,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  good  for  of  178  billion  in  2016,  which  is  more  than  twice  as  much  than  the  second  largest  vertical  market  in  iot  spend  ,  transportation.  in  the  apej  asia  pacific,  excluding  japan  region,  close  to  one
__label__interactivedisplays third  of  all  iot  spending  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity  combined  will  be  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  2020.  also  in  other  regions,  manufacturing  ranks  first  but  with  slower  market  shares  of  total  iot  spending.  in  the  us,  for  instance,  iot  spend  by  the  manufacturing  industry  will  account  for  approximately  15  percent  of  total  iot  purchases.  the  manufacturing  industry  is  leading  in  the  internet  of  things  for  various  reasons:  some  are  historical,  others  are  related  with  the  socalled  next  industrial  revolution  industry  4.0  and  then  there  are  the  many  uses  cases  and  actual  iot  deployments  that  offer  rapid  return  and
__label__interactivedisplays enable  manufacturers  to  realize  from  several  perspectives:  efficiency,  automation,  customercentricity,  competitive  benefits  and  the  advantages  which  are  offered  by  using  data  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain  and  to  tap  into  new  revenue  sources,  a  key  aspect  of  digital  transformation  in  manufacturing.  the  areas  where  iot  is  leveraged  within  a  practical  usage  context  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted  for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion  ,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  manufacturing  obviously  covers  many  types  of  products,  operations,  processes  and  a  vast  space  of  activities,  components,  machines,  people,  partners,  information
__label__interactivedisplays systems  and  so  forth.  it  is  a  long  way  from  raw  materials  to  finished  goods  and  it  is  inevitably  related  with  supply  chains,  logistics  and  transportation  as  well.  its  among  others  in  this  sense  that  the  internet  of  things  almost  by  definition  is  key  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  an  integrated  approach,  further  including  technologies  such  as  big  data  analytics,  cloud,  robotics  and,  most  importantly  perhaps,  the  integration  of  it  information  technology  and  ot  .  in  few  other  industries  there  are  so  many  opportunities  to  leverage  the  internet  of  things  in  connecting  physical  and  digital,  making  various  assets,  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays machines,  other  production  assets  and  the  various  object  in  a  nonproduction  sense,  as  well  as  a  variety  of  product  and  manufacturing  process  parameters  part  of  a  vast  information  network.  this  is  an  important  element  as  with  manufacturing  we  typically  tend  to  think  about  goods  and  products  but  the  bigger  opportunity  for  manufacturers  lies  in  ,  a  service  economy  model  and  the  information  opportunity.  part  of  them  are  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital/connected  factory,  others  refer  more  to  facility  and  asset  management  and  still  others  relate  to  components  such  as  safety/security  and  operations/logistics/ecosystems.  last  but  not  least
__label__interactivedisplays there  is  the  customer  preference  and  behavior  part.  below  is  a  list  with  several  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing  and  their  benefits/realities.  manufacturing  operations  include  the  several  elements  which  are  typical  in  manufacturing  operations  management  mom,  such  as  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  as  we  know  them  from  industry  4.0.  in  fact,  are  twins  in  industry  4.0.  iot  spending  in  this  vast  use  case  or  even  set  of  use  cases  is  good  for  over  57  percent  of  all  iot  manufacturing  investments.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring
__label__interactivedisplays and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way  .  its  clear  that  in  a  manufacturing  industry  setting  also  go  beyond  pure  production  assets.  here  we  leave  the  factory  or  manufacturing  facility  and  go  directly  to  an  important  area  where  manufacturers  are  service  providers.  from  productrelated  services  to  businessrelated  services:  the  field  service  organizations  of  manufacturers  are  important  drivers  of  growth
__label__interactivedisplays and,  obviously,  of  margin.  its  clear  that  information  in  the  hyperconnected  and  hyperaware  digitized  and  iotenabled  manufacturing  ecosystem,  along  with  the  tools  to  plan,  schedule  and  proactively  service,  are  important  differentiators.  in  an  updated  forecast  on  in  june  2017,  idc  predicts  that  manufacturing  will  reach  183  billion  in  2017  from  an  iot  spending  perspective.  production  asset  management  spending  would  reach  45  billion.  safety,  security,  worker  protection  and  productivity  and  the  many  links  between  manufacturing  in  the  strictest  sense  with  connected  services/operations/industries  such  as  transport,  supplier  management  and  so  forth  all  contribute  to  the  vast  iotrelated  manufacturing  solutions.  vehicle  and  asset
__label__interactivedisplays tracking,  connected  factory  applications,  staff  safety  applications,  health  monitoring  realtime,  smart  ventilation  and  air  quality  management,  smart  environmental  measurement,  access  control  security,  smart  measurement  of  presence/levels  of  liquids,  gases,  radiation  and  dangerous  materials  depending  on  the  type  of  operation,  asset  protection,  ,  risk  measurement,  the  list  is  long.  last  but  not  least  there  are  the  several  related  processes  inside  and  outside  the  manufacturing  facility.  production  assets  are  one  thing,  activities  such  as  preparing  for  shipment,  packaging  and  quality  control  of  manufactured  goods  another.  to  a  large  degree  manufacturing  organizations  hereby  become  service  organizations  and  endtoend  transparency  is  crucial.  the  insights
__label__interactivedisplays gained  with  an  integrated  iot  approach  from  the  customer  side  are  also  crucial  and  enable  to  offer  better  products,  quality  and  services.  and  this  brings  us  to  the  key  role  of  data,  in  the  end  the  major  component  needed  to  derive  any  form  of  value  from  sensors,  iotenabled  devices  and  other  things,  also  in  manufacturing.  what  do  manufacturers  do  with  all  the  data  they  acquire  regarding  their  assets  but  also  regarding  customers  and  the  hundreds  of  millions  of  connecting  devices  they  dispose  of  there  were  already  307  million  installed  iot  units  in  april  2015  ?  they  collect,  measure  and  act
__label__interactivedisplays on  data  from  iot  devices  in  manufacturing  as  the  pwc  infographic  below  indicates.  the  infographic  it  does  date  from  2015  also  gives  an  overview  of  where  manufacturers  deploy  iot  technology  most:  the  manufacturing  plant  comes  first,  followed  by  respectively  the  warehouse,  the  extended  supply  chain  and  the  customer  site,  where  traditionally  the  manufacturing  services  part  is  high.  when  on  the  iot  market  in  manufacturing  operations  in  2015,  the  mentioned  drivers  were  efficiency  optimization  and  linking  islands  of  automation.  and  that  requires  an  integration  of  processes  and  data,  not  in  the  least  to  also  build  islands  of  monetization  and  innovative  transformation.
__label__interactivedisplays as  you  can  see  it  distinguishes  between  the  manufacturing  plant,  global  facility  insight  beyond  the  factory  ,  the  customer  site  and  global  operations  with  the  latter  being  divided  into  the  goals  and  benefits  for  management,  rd  and  field  service.  outside  of  the  plant  and  actual  manufacturing  environment  insights  and  production  we  see  the  transmission  of  operational  information  for  those  field  service  engineers  on  customer  sites,  the  overall  value  and  supply  chain  perspective,  thirdparty  logistics  and  the  global  operations  dimension.  ,  bi  intelligence  estimated  that  global  manufacturers  will  invest  70  billion  on  iot  solutions  in  2020  in  2015  they  invested  29
__label__interactivedisplays billion,  the  report  says.  this  is  far  lower  than  what  idc  found  but  remember  that  the  latter  looks  at  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity.  bi  intelligence  also  looked  at  benefits  though,  mentioning  research  from  tata  consultancy,  which  indicates  an  average  increase  in  revenues  by  28.5  percent  between  2013  and  2014  for  manufacturers  who  have  internet  of  things  solutions.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__interactivedisplays the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  reshaping  a  variety  of  vertical  industries  as  companies  around  the  globe  harness  technology  to  increase  efficiencies  and  cut  costs.  manufacturing  is  one  of  those  verticals;  heres  an  overview  of  five  iot  manufacturing  use  cases.  keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines
__label__interactivedisplays and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated  task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  possibility  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  of
__label__interactivedisplays predictive  maintenance  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  according  to  a  study  by  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  this  use  case
__label__interactivedisplays enables  companies  to  connect  disparate  silos  of  operational  data  e.g.  manufacturing,  supplier,  and  logistics  into  unified,  realtime  visibility  across  heterogeneous  systems,  people  and  assets  to  make  faster  and  better  decisions  and  improve  operational  performance.  through  this  use  case,  firms  can  aggregate  and  contextualize  data  from  isolated  manufacturing  systems  and  assets  into  actionable  web  and  mobile  applications  that  provide  rolebased  views  into  key  indicators,  while  also  allowing  drilldown  into  correlated  data  to  diagnose  problems  more  quickly  and  improve  performance.  this  other  use  case  allow  companies  in  the  manufacturing  sector  to  quickly  improve  how  complex  processes  are  monitored,  managed,  optimized,  and  accelerate
__label__interactivedisplays smart  factory  and  industry  4.0  initiatives.  this  can  be  achieved  by  extending  existing  equipment  and  erp/mes  systems  with  connectivity,  interoperability,  mobility  and  crowd  sourced  intelligence.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive
__label__interactivedisplays companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__interactivedisplays by  read  october  12,  2016  0  industry  4.0  manufacturing  is  all  about  the  increasing  connectivity  of  smaller  and  smaller  components.  it  uses  the  data  collected  by  physical  things,  either  built  products  out  in  the  real  world,  or  components  within  a  machine  on  the  production  line,  to  impact  how  these  things  themselves  are  manufactured.  the  more  information  that  can  be  gathered  by  these  objects,  the  more  effective  the  manufacturing  process  can  become.  the  idea  is  that  a  feedback  loop  is  created  between  physical  things  and  the  digital  world.  the  things  themselves  can  tell  us  how  they  are  being  used,  or  when
__label__interactivedisplays they  are  in  need  of  repair  giving  manufacturers  information  that  can  help  optimise  every  stage  of  the  production  process,  from  supply,  development  and  creation,  saving  time  and  money.  so  how  does  the  manufacturing  process  make  use  of  the  iot?  lets  take  a  car  company  as  an  example.  the  company  wants  to  know  which  products  are  bestselling,  in  order  to  adapt  their  operations  intelligently.  this  impacts  the  entire  process  from  deciding  what  to  make  in  the  first  place,  to  determining  how  to  scale  up  production  of  bestperforming  components  as  effectively  as  possible,  while  utilising  existing  hardware.  to  achieve  this,  they  need
__label__interactivedisplays data  analytics  from  physical  things  both  on  the  factory  floor,  and  out  in  the  real  world.  oddly  enough,  the  final  part  of  the  process  selling  the  completed  product  is  also  the  starting  point  here.  tapping  into  retail  information  can  give  realtime  insight  into  which  products  or  product  components  sell  best.  if  our  cars  are  sold  with  optional  extra  features  such  as  adjustable  pedals  or  a  pedestrian  detection  system,  we  can  drill  down  into  the  available  data  to  find  out  which  features  are  most  popular.  if  adjustable  pedals  are  outpacing  other  available  features,  we  can  see  that  these  are  the  moneymakers
__label__interactivedisplays and  stepup  production  to  anticipate  demand.  its  no  longer  a  question  of  building  blindly.  the  showroom  itself  is  another  goldmine  of  information  about  customer  preferences.  sensors  and  video  footage  within  the  showroom  demo  areas  can  track  where  visitors  tend  to  linger,  showing  which  models  are  most  appealing  to  these  potential  buyers.  and  you  can  also  feed  social  media  sentiment  into  the  retail  analytics  to  provide  a  broader  picture  of  prospective  new  customers.  if  we  learn  that  adjustable  pedals  are  a  bestselling  feature,  we  need  to  change  the  manufacturing  process  to  reflect  this.  theres  no  point  making  endless  additional  features  that
__label__interactivedisplays wont  sell.  data  collected  from  individual  manufacturing  plants  and  factory  floors  can  show  where  stock  is  low,  so  that  more  can  be  ordered  ahead  of  time  from  the  supplier.  and  what  about  the  factory  floor  itself?  how  can  iot  help  streamline  operations?  this  is  where  a  humanmachine  interface  hmi  comes  into  play.  iotenabled  robotic  devices  used  on  the  factory  floor  can  be  configured  so  that  they  are  recognised  and  catalogued  on  the  system.  these  connected  robots  contain  complex  sensor  networks  to  gather  information  about  everything  from  humidity  levels,  temperature,  vibration  and  acoustic  levels,  which  feeds  back  information  about  realtime  machine
__label__interactivedisplays effectiveness.  anyone  looking  at  the  data  analytics  can  instantly  see  if  there  is  a  dangerous  situation  or  simply  a  performance  issue  that  needs  fixing.  if  a  robot  stops  working,  the  hmi  can  show  us  instantly  where  the  robot  is  located,  and  what  might  have  gone  wrong  and  remotely  switch  off  power  to  the  robot  so  that  it  is  safe  to  approach.  video  linking  to  supporting  engineers  enables  users  to  share  and  annotate  documentation  to  collaboratively  pinpoint  what  needs  examining,  reducing  costly  downtime.  interested  to  know  more  about  how  the  iot  is  impacting  manufacturing?  ibm  has  lots  of  ,  or  check
__label__interactivedisplays out  howcontent  analytics  can  on  our  blog.  learn  more  about  how  cognitive  iot  is  transforming  industry  with  this  free  arc  analyst  report:  questions  or  comments?  let  us  know  in  the  space  below  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__interactivedisplays it  might  be  hard  to  imagine  what  industrial  iot  and  industry  4.0  can  do  for  you  if  you  havent  experienced  it  yet.  thats  why  we  gathered  7  practical  applications  of  iiot  in  the  manufacturing,  energy,  robotics  and  building  industry.  iiot,  or  the  usually  refers  to  interconnected  sensors,  instruments,  and  other  devices  networked  together  in  an  industrial  setting.  this  connectivity  allows  for  remote  access  and  monitoring,  but  more  importantly,  it  allows  for  ,  exchange  and  analysis  of  different  data  sources.  this  has  enormous  potential  for  improving  productivity  and  efficiency.  iiot  solutions  are  characterised  by  their  low  cost  and  fast  implementation.  at
__label__interactivedisplays ixon,  weve  developed  a  unique  and  easytoimplement  solution  to  harness  the  full  potential  of  iiot.  the  essentials  of  industrial  iot  typically  iiot  solutions  include:  get  inspired  by  the  following  practical  examples  of  how  iiot  solutions  are  used  in  different  industrial  automation  situations.  it  happens  in  every  factory:  the  emergency  button  is  pressed  accidentally,  without  anyone  realising  it.  because  theres  no  defect,  engineers  initially  break  their  heads  to  locate  the  cause  of  the  problem.  in  the  meantime,  the  clock  is  running  and  valuable  time  is  being  wasted,  while  production  has  come  to  a  standstill.  if  the  hmi  doesnt  tell  you  the
__label__interactivedisplays problem,  a  phone  call  to  your  machine  builder  is  the  next  logical  step.  with  ,  the  machine  builder  can  access  the  machine  from  their  office,  view  the  log  files  on  the  plc  and  reset  the  machine,  if  necessary.  it  only  takes  a  few  minutes  to  find  the  problem  and  saves  a  timeconsuming  service  trip  to  the  factory  site.  siemens  s7  1200  connected  to  ixrouter  in  the  logistics  sector  or  packaging  industry,  its  fatal  when  a  machine  runs  out  of  labels.  to  prevent  this  situation,  service  technicians  need  to  be  notified  well  in  advance  before  this  happens.  the  sensors  data  counter
__label__interactivedisplays triggers  an  alarm,  allowing  the  technicians  to  take  immediate  action  to  prevent  stagnation.  a  push  notification  or  email  alert  on  their  smartphone,  or  a  vibration  of  their  smartwatch,  ensures  that  the  responsible  people  receive  the  message  on  time.  when  a  machine  is  delivered  and  your  customer  uses  it  in  his  daily  operations,  he  may  need  extra  functionality  to  make  his  job  even  easier.  an  expansion  of  their  control  panel  with  a  new  function,  such  as  an  on/off  switch  or  a  percentage  counter  for  the  pump,  can  easily  be  fixed  by  your  programmer.  but  the  hmi  software  needs  to  be  updated
__label__interactivedisplays and  tested  to  launch  this  new  functionality.  hmi  software  updates  can  easily  be  applied  remotely  via  secure  network  access.  all  you  have  to  do  is  push  the  new  software  from  your  laptop  over  the  internet,  and  youve  made  your  customer  happy  once  again.  using  a  webbased  vnc  virtual  network  connection,  you  and  your  customer  can  functionality  in  the  iiot  platform  or  on  a  mobile  device.  remote  control  hmi  screens  machines,  or  energy  products  such  as  solar  panels,  require  occasional  maintenance.  when  this  needs  to  happen  is  sometimes  easy  to  predict  for  example  when  you  know  the  degradation  per  a  certain
__label__interactivedisplays number  of  production  hours  or  rotations.  in  these  scenarios,  it  makes  sense  to  implement  .  simply  use  the  variables  counters  of  your  plc  software  and  .  then  visualize  the  data  in  a  dashboard  or  get  an  email  reminder  when  the  counter  reaches  a  maintenance  limit.  onsite  machine  maintenance  visits  are  more  effective  if  you  know  the  faults  before  you  leave  to  go  on  your  trip.  by  analyzing  potential  problems  upfront  via  remote  access  and  the  online  diagnostics  tool  of  the  devices  web  server,  youre  more  likely  to  turn  up  with  the  right  spare  parts.  tss4u  case  study  industrial  robots  such
__label__interactivedisplays as  ur  robots  make  repetitive  work  easy.  iiot  features  are  used  to  change  robot  program  actions  or  get  better  insight  into  the  log  files.  additionally,  video  analysis  may  help  to  improve  the  actions  of  a  certain  robot.  access  to  the  ip  camera  recordings,  or  live  stream,  make  improvements  easier.  quickly  and  easily  set  up  a  connection  for  full  network  access  to  any  device  connected  to  the  robot.  ixon:  official  iiot  partner  of  universal  robots  no  more  useless  driving  around  the  city  to  check  for  full  containers.  only  take  action  on  trash  containers  that  send  out  an  alarm  that  they  need
__label__interactivedisplays to  be  emptied.  make  use  of  the  power  of  your  sensors  and  make  data  accessible  in  a  .  then  visualise  this  data  in  a  monitoring  dashboard  and  send  out  a  notification  to  the  garbage  collector  when  the  container  reaches  a  threshold.  all  in  the  name  of  efficiency  in  ,  iiot  is  used  to  monitor  and  control  the  energy  consumption,  heating,  lighting,  fire  protection  and  other  systems  for  multiple  locations  from  a  central  location.  to  get  a  good  overview  of  the  buildings  hvac  systems  status  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning,  access  to  data  from  remote  installations  is  needed.  edge  connectivity  helps
__label__interactivedisplays to  transfer  the  data  to  a  central  cloud  application,  using  bacnet  or  modbus  protocols.  for  custom  applications,  you  can  use  the  rise  of  open  cloud  systems.  they  usually  provide  an  to  collect  data  at  specific  intervals  and  transfer  it  to  your  building  automation  system  bms  for  central  monitoring.  green  building  control  case  study  ixon  cloud  offers  a  userfriendly  solution  to  all  these  problems  via  an  affordable  allinone  .  its  plug  play,  scalable  and  secure.  the  and  integrated  edge  gateway  /  vpn  router  can  handle  any  industrial  application.  it  helps  engineers  with  reliable  and  secure  machine  access  and  provides  added  value
__label__interactivedisplays case  study  a:  painting  the  problem  case  study  b:  merging  production  lines  and  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__interactivedisplays our  leading  industrial  innovation  platform  and  solutions  turn  possibility  into  reality  knowledge  and  help  for  ptc  technology  users  share  an  idea  or  get  an  answer  from  customer  support  forums  and  blogs  view  all  ptc  resources  access  the  thingworx  and  vuforia  developer  portals  and  tools  ensure  success  with  your  ptc  products  flexible  learning  experiences  to  enable  you  to  reach  your  goals  products  and  resources  to  empower  k12college  students  and  educators  experience  the  value  of  ptcs  technologies  try  ptc  products  search  hundreds  of  iot  applications,  solutions,  and  resources  learn  how  to  buy  our  products  contact  a  ptc  sales  representative  learn  more  about
__label__interactivedisplays subscription  news  and  promotion  manufacturers  are  recognizing  the  world  is  changing  around  them  and  the  need  to  change  with  it  is  only  growing.  facing  mounting  threats,  such  as  digital  disruption  and  global  competition,  these  manufacturers  are  increasingly  turning  to  iiot  as  the  cornerstone  of  their  initiatives.  its  critically  important  to  achieving  manufacturing  business  strategy;  in  fact,  will  nearly  reach  200  billion  this  year  alone.  weve  narrowed  down  the  top  benefits  of  iot  in  manufacturing  to  these  three  areas:  improving  operational  performance,  ensuring  safety  and  compliance,  and  increasing  flexibility  and  agility.  lets  take  a  look  at  each:  manufacturers  are  implementing  iiot
__label__interactivedisplays across  their  entire  operations,  ultimately  achieving  operational  intelligence  the  top  use  case  in  our  latest  report.  this  iiot  intelligence  enables  endtoend  visibility  of  the  supply  chain  including  extensive  multisite  deployment  views  via  capable  of  contextualizing  realtime  plant  efficiency  kpis  overall  equipment  effectiveness,  direct  material  costing,  product  quality  etc.  and  managing  a  specific  plants  equipment  and  assets,  down  to  the  operator  and  workcelllevel.  the  main  iiot  use  cases  driving  several  operational  effectiveness  outcomes  i.e.  increased  productivity,  improved  plant  efficiency,  asset  uptime  and  quality,  reduced  operational  risks,  overhead  costs,  and  changeover  times  are  predictive  and  increasingly  preventative  maintenance.  this  imperative  shift  away
__label__interactivedisplays from  reactive  maintenance  systems,  which  are  subject  to  error  from  nondigitized  historical  information,  tribal  knowledge,  and  lack  of  industrial  connectivity  into  assets,  is  increasingly  accessible  via  the  iiot.  with  a  centralized  iiot  platform  and  analytics,  data  feeds  from  traditionally  blackboxed  legacy  machines  and  equipment  are  now  accessible  through  connectivity  into  industrial  protocols,  opc  servers,  onsite  manufacturing  softwaredriven  systems  hmi,  scada,  mes,  and  further  contextualized  with  crucial  business  systems  erp,  crm.  iiot  analytics  fused  with  machinelearning  identifies  anomalies  in  asset  health  data  to  predict  failures,  potential  downtime,  and  determine  the  root  cause  of  a  failure  to  prevent  future  ones.  highvalue  industrial
__label__interactivedisplays assets  are  leveraging  iiot  data  with  simulation  to  create  prescriptive  .  is  also  proving  a  useful  technology  for  of  frontline  worker  workflows  interacting  with  industrial  equipment,  lessening  skill  gap  concerns.  iiot  interlinking  these  systems  drives  a  critical  metric  for  manufacturers  called  operational  equipment  effectiveness  oee;  datadriven  predictive  insights  into  assets  improves  availability  reduced  equipment  failure,  setup/changeover  time,  performance  reduced  idling,  stopping,  and  quality  fewer  defects,  reduced  cycle  times.  and  are  both  great  examples  of  iiot  bridging  these  many  disparate  systems  to  drive  operational  efficiencies.  compliance  with  osha  standards  is  a  high  operating  expense  on  manufacturers  financial  statements;  traditional  regulation  procedures
__label__interactivedisplays are  timely  and  costly.  this  compliance  bottleneck  is  primarily  due  to  reporting  systems  not  being  digitized;  the  iiot  is  the  natural  solution  for  connecting  these  disparate  sources  of  information  currently  residing  in  silos  and  hitting  stringent  compliance  frameworks.  a  connected  system  can  feed  relevant  data  for  manufacturing  plant  risk  assessments,  work  scheduling  systems,  and  inspection  reviews.  creating  both  a  naturally  safer  environment  for  workers  and  abiding  by  health,  safety,  and  environment  laws  is  attainable  via  the  iiot.  some  manufacturers  require  verification  that  assets  are  in  constant  compliance,  where  iiot  and  realtime  monitoring  plays  a  crucial  role.  this  is  even  more
__label__interactivedisplays vital  in  certain  manufacturing  verticals  subject  to  specific  regulatory  frameworks,  such  as  food  and  beverage  process  manufacturers  who  must  abide  by  fda  laws.  energy  management  is  also  a  major  expense  and  opportunity  for  optimization  for  manufacturers  via  iot  and  complying  with  governmental  energy  usage  laws.  meeting  the  constantly  changing  demands  of  customers  is  pushing  manufacturers  to  become  increasingly  flexible  and  agile  across  their  shop  floors.  claim,  acting  with  agility  is  the  new  currency  of  business;  if  were  too  slow,  we  will  be  bankrupt.  industrial  machines  and  robots  need  to  be  easily  reprogrammed  and  updated  to  adhere  to  these  shifting  and
__label__interactivedisplays increasingly  customized  customer  requirements.  bidirectional  connectivity  through  iiot  enables  a  seamless  link  with  industrial  assets  with  iiot  platforms  providing  the  hmi  tailored  for  a  variety  of  roles  ranging  from  the  cxo  to  frontline  worker.  streamlining  these  manufacturing  processes  with  iiot  drives  operational  efficiencies  benefitting  further  downstream  including  supply  chain  optimization.  seemingly  minute  percentage  changes  of  operational  improvement  through  iiot  can  generate  thousands  in  cost  savings  and  productivity,  with  a  cascading  effect  throughout  the  supply  chain  and  the  manufacturers  elevated  position  in  the  competitive  landscape.  david  immerman  is  a  business  analyst  on  ptcs  corporate  marketing  team  providing  thought  leadership  on  technologies,
__label__interactivedisplays trends,  markets,  and  other  topics.  previously  david  was  an  industry  analyst  in  451  researchs  internet  of  things  channel  primarily  covering  the  smart  transportation  space  and  automotive  technology  markets,  including  fleet  telematics,  connected  cars,  and  autonomous  vehicles.  he  also  spent  time  researching  iotenabling  technologies  and  other  industry  verticals  including  industrial.  prior  to  451  research,  david  conducted  market  research  at  idc.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  is  a  very  popular  buzzword  these  days.  we  all  heard  the  stories  of  how  many  devices  will  be  connected  until  2025,  of  the  terabytes  of  data  that  will  be  generated  each  day  and  so  on.  consumer  media  is  awash  with  articles  concerning  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  how  smarter  devices,  the  things  in  the  iot,  are  changing  the  world.  another  topic  that  is  on  everyones  lips  right  now  is  the  cloud  in  all  of  its  forms:  cloud  storage,  cloudbased  apps,  cloudpowered  mobile  devices,  cloudhosted  virtual  machines  and  other  applications.  the  iot  and  the  cloud  have  much  more  to
__label__interactivedisplays offer  than  consumergrade  conveniences.  a  fusion  of  iot  and  cloud  technologies  has  specific  applications  in  the  industrial  automation  sector,  creating  the  industrial  iot  iiot.  but  currently,  in  the  industry,  there  is  a  mature  technology  already  in  place  for  more  than  20  years.  this  technology  is  packed  under  the  name  of  scada.  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  is  a  system  of  software  and  hardware  elements  that  allow  industrial  organizations  to:  control  industrial  processes  locally  or  at  remote  locations  monitor,  gather  and  process  realtime  data  directly  interact  with  devices  such  as  sensors,  valves,  pumps,  motors  and  more  through  humanmachine  interface  hmi
__label__interactivedisplays software  the  rtu  is  defined  as  a  communication  device  within  the  scada  system  and  is  located  at  the  remote  substation.  the  rtu  gathers  data  from  field  devices  in  memory  until  the  mtu  requests  that  information.  it  also  processes  orders  from  the  scada,  like  the  switchoff  a  transmission  line.  the  mtu  is  defined  as  the  heart  of  a  scada  system  and  is  located  in  the  main  monitoring  center.  mtu  initiates  communication  with  remote  units  and  interfaces  with  the  das  and  the  hmi.  the  das  gathers  information  from  the  mtu,  generates  and  stores  alerts  that  need  attention  from  the  operator  because  it
__label__interactivedisplays can  cause  an  impact  on  the  system.  the  hmi  is  defined  as  the  interface  where  the  operator  logs  on  to  monitor  the  variables  of  the  system.  it  gathers  information  from  the  das.  scada  systems  right  now  offer  pretty  much  what  all  iot  solutions  advertise:  remote  monitoring:  being  able  to  see  the  equipment  telemetry  data  remote  controlling:  being  able  to  remotely  control  the  equipment  realtime  alarms  and  log  collection:  alerts  are  displayed  to  the  operator  in  real  time  and  also  equipment  logs  are  collected  the  prices  of  scada  systems  can  go  lower  than  those  of  an  iot  system  because  iot  is
__label__interactivedisplays not  yet  standardized  in  this  industry  and  a  lot  of  custom  development  is  required.  an  iot  system  can  go  through  several  areas  of  the  it  of  a  company.  it  integrates  with  machines  or  production  lines,  collect  and  uses  all  data,  also  from  other  systems  like  erp  enterprise  resource  planning,  mes  manufacturing  execution  systems  or  crm  customer  relationship  management  to  give  better  insights  into  the  industrial  processes.  the  main  benefits  are  the  increased  productivity,  the  increased  lifetime  of  equipment  and  machines  and,  in  the  end,  the  production  cost  reduction.  a  production  line  or  industrial  device  that  is  monitored  programmable  logic  controllers
__label__interactivedisplays plc  that  control  the  production  flow  iot  gateway  that  collects  data  from  the  production  line  and  uploads  the  relevant  data  to  the  iot  cloud  a  gateway  can  connect  to  plc  that  are  becoming  smarter  each  day  by  exposing  protocols  that  are  compatible  with  internet  and  cloud  communication  such  as  http.  also,  iot  gateways  have  libraries  embedded  that  can  gather  data  from  devices  using  industrial  protocols  such  as  profinet  and  modbus  a  hub  iot  hub  which  receives  and  sends  messages  to  the  devices.  also,  the  iot  hub  verifies  the  identity  of  devices  based  on  different  security  mechanisms  such  as  certificates  or
__label__interactivedisplays authentication  keys,  making  sure  that  the  data  is  consistent  the  iot  hub  can  send  data  directly  to  the  storage  location,  but  it  can  also  send  it  to  a  live  stream  analytics  solution  which  curates  the  data  and  dispatches  it  to  the  right  storage  location.  also,  the  stream  analytics  solution  can  generate  realtime  alerts  based  on  preconfigured  rules.  the  data  is  usually  stored  in  several  places:  data  that  is  used  for  device  information  is  stored  in  nosql  databases  data  that  is  used  for  reporting  in  sql,  such  as  databases  or  big  data  structures  such  as  hadoop  telemetry  data  is  archived  in
__label__interactivedisplays lowcost  storage  structures  such  as  blobs  on  top  of  the  data  applications,  reports  or  mobile  services  can  be  developed  to  serve  different  types  of  consumers.  iot  solutions  have  a  significant  advantage,  that  can  fit  very  well  in  the  company  applications  ecosystem:  it  can  integrate  with  erp  enterprise  resource  planning  solutions  to  synchronize  production  data  and  oee  overall  equipment  effectiveness  it  can  integrate  with  a  crm  or  case  management  system  for  managing  alerts.  alerts  are  generated  in  the  iot  cloud,  and  the  tracking  of  the  case  resolution  resources,  people  is  done  in  the  crm.  going  a  step  forward,  iot  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays combined  with  current  edge  technologies  such  as  machine  learning  predictions  and  augmented  reality  remote  service  as  it  follows:  by  using  a  large  amount  of  data  stored  combined  with  existing  results  we  can  make  predictions  such  as:  predict  when  equipment  maintenance  should  be  performed  to  prevent  breakdowns  estimate  when  an  equipment  part  replacement  is  needed  forcasting  production  by  using  ar  glasses,  such  as  the  microsoft  hololens,  technicians  can  train  and  fix  equipment,  even  if  it  is  not  necessarily  their  speciality,  thus  adding  savings  to  the  maintenance  costs.  iot  has  some  strong  points,  like  being  able  to  access  data  from  anywhere  the
__label__interactivedisplays user  wants,  whereas  most  of  the  scada  systems  are  limited  to  a  factory.  as  the  image  below  shows,  by  using  iot,  you  can  leverage  the  tools  that  it  provides  to  create  comparative  reports  if,  for  example,  you  have  different  factories  in  different  areas.the  data  you  collect  creates  value,  and  you  can  detect  production  problems  and  fix  them  or  even  better,  you  will  know  in  advance  when  something  is  going  to  happen  through  predictive  analytics.  going  in  depth,  using  predictive  maintenance  you  will  know  when  something  is  going  to  break,  why  and  you  will  know  what  to  do.  you  can  compare:
__label__interactivedisplays oee  overall  equipment  effectiveness  between  factories  production  data  media  consumption  gas,  water,  power  scada  and  iot  system  can  coexist  for  the  moment.  scada  systems  are  pretty  standardized,  while  the  iot  market  is  in  early  production  in  the  manufacturing  industry.  but  scada  is  limited  to  the  factory  floor.  data  extracted  from  the  devices  are  being  viewed  only  inside  the  plant.  iot  takes  this  data,  gives  insights  to  the  user  and  makes  it  available  anywhere,  anytime,  enabling  new  business  models.  this  is  the  real  digital  transformation  provided  by  an  iot  solution.  1.  you  can  integrate  the  iot  solution  with  your  scada  system
__label__interactivedisplays and  collect  the  data  from  scada  data  acquisition  systems  das  machine.  leveraging  the  power  and  scalability  of  iot  you  can  use  collected  data  to  create  a  wide  range  of  reports  such  as  oee  overall  equipment  effectiveness  reports,  production  data  reports  and  media  consumption  reports  gas,  water,  power  etc.  that  can  be  compared  across  several  factories  or  locations  of  the  same  factory  in  near  real  time.  in  the  future,  all  scada  systems  will  evolve  into  iot.  equipment  and  plc  become  more  intelligent  and  will  be  able  to  integrate  different  cloud  platforms,  new  security  frameworks  such  as  blockchain  will  ensure  security  and
__label__interactivedisplays by  using  the  cloud  power  of  computing  and  gaining  production  insights,  improvements  that  will  save  money  can  be  performed.  1.  if  you  dont  know  where  to  start  from,  how  to  build  your  iot  case  and  whats  in  it  for  you,  find  out  more  about  our  free  .  2.  we  believe  that  starting  an  iot  project  needs  a  comprehensive  selfassessment  of  your  business.  to  be  able  to  do  that,  first  of  all,  well  help  you  understand  what  you  should  expect  from  such  a  project  and  where  you  should  look  for  its  value.  the  first  step  before  committing  to  a  poc  should
__label__interactivedisplays be  .  3.  create  a  small  proof  of  concept  with  1  machine  or  1  production  line.  4.  run  the  proof  of  concept  for  a  couple  of  months.  5.  scale  the  proof  of  concept  to  the  entire  factory/enterprise.  written  by
__label__interactivedisplays predix  private  cloud  customer  success  services  overview  read  how  nova  scotia  power  partnered  with  ge  to  apply  partner  program  brochure  iiot  platform  connect,  optimize,  and  scale  your  digital  industrial  applications  built  for  industry  predix  platform  is  the  place  where  industry  runs.  as  a  scalable,  assetcentric  data  foundation,  it  is  a  comprehensive  and  secure  application  platform  that  can  run,  scale,  and  extend  digital  industrial  solutions.  leading  iiot  capabilities  the  platform  delivers  shared  capabilities  that  industrial  applications  require:  asset  connectivity,  edge  technologies,  analytics  and  machine  learning,  big  data  processing,  and  assetcentric  digital  twins.  build  once,  deploy  anywhere  designed  as  a  distributed  application
__label__interactivedisplays platform,  predix  platform  is  optimized  for  high  volume,  low  latency,  and  integrationintensive  data  management  and  analyticsdriven  outcomes.  predix  edge  industrial  iot  needs  are  driving  a  rapid  evolution  in  edge  computing.  predix  edge  simplifies  data  collection  and  data  forwarding  while  supporting  any  computing  need.  with  powerful  connectivity  and  management  capabilities,  support  for  containerbased  apps  and  analytics,  and  scalable  deployment  options,  predix  edge  can  securely  handle  advanced  analytics  and  data  processing  from  the  plant  floor  to  the  data  center.  predix  cloud  predix  cloud  provides  the  scalable  big  data  processing,  rich  analytics,  and  a  full  range  of  application  services  that  support  the  most
__label__interactivedisplays demanding  industrial  solutions.  whether  you  use  the  builtin  user  console  for  monitoring  and  event  management,  develop  and  run  your  own  apps  and  analytics,  or  leverage  ge  digitalbuilt  applications,  predix  cloud  provides  the  secure  foundation  for  your  companys  digital  transformation.  predix  private  cloud  predix  private  cloud  provides  the  core  set  of  predix  cloud  servicesasasoftware  solution  that  is  designed  to  be  deployed  directly  in  a  customers  data  center  or  preferred  location.  predix  private  cloud  meets  stringent  customer  requirements  for  security,  regulatory  compliance,  and  data  sovereignty  while  offering  the  key  functionality,  application  and  analytics  support,  and  scalability  of  predix  cloud.  predix  essentials  predix
__label__interactivedisplays essentials  is  a  complete  solution  for  industrial  monitoring  and  event  management.  predix  essentials  brings  you  the  power  of  the  predix  platform,  with  asset  connectivity,  edgetocloud  data  processing  and  a  featurerich  user  consolepackaged  and  preconfigured  for  rapid  results.  no  development  required.  with  predix  essentials,  you  can  connect  to  assets  and  it/ot  data,  monitor  conditions  and  analyze  alerts,  and  manage  incidents  through  resolution.  visualization,  analysis,  and  applications  a  builtin  user  console  provides  iot  visibility  and  event  management  without  the  need  to  develop  custom  software  or  applications.  rich  integrated  capabilities  and  workflow  enable  users  to  monitor  industrial  data  and  assets,  analyze  anomalies  and
__label__interactivedisplays alerts,  and  manage  cases  through  resolution  using  a  unified  work  environment.  you  can  even  extend  or  customize  the  essentials  user  experience  using  a  rich  set  of  apis.  analytics  and  machine  learning  analytics  for  anomaly  detection,  predictive  maintenance,  prescriptive  controls,  and  more  are  the  catalyst  for  truly  impactful  iiot  benefits.  predix  platform  provides  a  rich  analytics  library  and  framework  to  create  or  import  machine  learning  analytics,  while  the  predix  industrial  data  fabric  supports  the  latest  in  advanced,  scalable  technology  to  support  the  most  demanding  analytics  workloads.  assetcentric  digital  twins  operational  excellence  requires  a  single  source  of  truth  about  each  asset  machine,
__label__interactivedisplays a  fleet  of  assets,  or  a  collection  of  assets  that  deliver  productionlevel  outcomes.  at  its  core,  predix  platform  is  asset  centric.  digital  twins  codify  this  information  to  reflect  past  conditions,  current  conditions,  and  future  predictions  on  those  assets.  applications  leverage  this  to  deliver  maintenance  and  equipment  health,  predictive  maintenance,  and  operations  optimization.  predix  platform  security  at  the  moment  that  data  leaves  an  asset,  ensuring  its  availability,  validity,  and  integrity  is  of  primary  concern.  predix  platform  is  secure  by  design.  built  with  defenseindepth  across  every  layer,  and  continuously  monitored,  predix  platform  security  addresses  the  security  of  the  platform  itself,  the  applications
__label__interactivedisplays it  powers,  the  software  development  process,  and  the  security  of  data  that  flows  through  the  platform.  predix  platform  provides  capabilities  such  as  twoparty  encryption  and  supports  endtoend  chain  of  custody  reporting  for  code  and  data.  need  help  finding  a  solution  for  support,  or  looking  for  support?  contact  our  experts.  find  the  right  solution  with  our  product  listing  index.
__label__interactivedisplays the  x  platform  that  fall  under  the  umbrella  of  exor  international.  from  the  very  smallest  building  blocks  of  an  iot  project,  through  the  implementation  of  any  of  the  eight  benefits  of  industrie  4.0,  to  the  requirement  of  a  custom  or  standard  highperformance  gateway  or  hmi,  ,  the  x  platform  specializes  in  smart  edge  human  data  interfaces  that  are  both  impressive  in  their  functionality  as  they  are  unique  in  their  aesthetic  appeal.  ,  the  x  platform  offers  smart  edge  computing  power  that  allows  the  visualization  of  data  simultaneously  acquired  via  multiple  protocols  from  all  the  major  vendors.  whereby  the  secure  visualization
__label__interactivedisplays of  data  many  of  the  industrie  4.0  opportunities  can  be  realized  for  your  unique  company.  communication  across  multivendor,  multiprotocol  and  multidevice  environments  and  then  sending  this  data  to  local  or  cloud  storage  is  a  requirement  for  manufacturing  efficiency.  jmobile  suite  of  software  offers  this  with  unmatched  level  of  user  experience  based  on  nearly  50  years  of  industrial  automation  experience.  the  evolution  of  exor  from  a  traditional  hmi  hardware  designer  and  manufacturer  to  a  complete  iiot  solution  provider  is  most  evident  in  the  hardware  offering.  from  the  very  basic  component  of  iiot,  at  the  som  level,  through  field  and  then  up
__label__interactivedisplays to  scada  and  master  level  panels,  exor  covers  all  the  current  and  future  market  needs.  built  for  industry  with  all  the  particular  requirements  for  this  sector.  corvina  cloud  is  constructed  with  stateoftheart  technology  specifically  mapped  for  scalability,  reliability  and  fault  tolerance  and  offered  as  on  premises  behind  your  firewall.  copyright  2019  exor  international
__label__interactivedisplays arbor  aslan  series  industrialgrade  hmi  touch  panels  are  specially  designed  for  automotive  manufacturing.  based  on  the  intel  bay  trail  platform,  aslan  supplies  superior  performance  and  reliability  for  predictable  24/7/365  factory  operations.  aslan  widescreen  16:9  aspect  ratios  touch  panels  come  in  various  sizes  up  to  21.5inch  diagonal.  installed  alongside  production  lines  for  data  collection,  the  panels  clearly  shows  comprehensive  information  related  to  production  and  machine  operation  in  real  time,  saving  operators  time  while  reducing  defect  rates.  this  site  uses  cookies.  by  continue  to  browse  the  site  you  are  agreeing  to  our  uses  of  cookies.
__label__interactivedisplays the  evolution  from  chalkboards  to  whiteboards  to  projectors  has  a  new  dot  on  the  timeline.  connected  smartboards  are  another  great  tool  to  bring  classroom  education  into  the  21st  century.  think  of  the  benefits  this  provides  to  students.  for  one,  how  many  times  did  you  forget  to  write  down  notes,  assignments  or  exam  dates  that  were  written  up  on  the  board  in  the  front  of  the  class?  i  know  it  happened  to  me  at  least  once  per  week.  now,  all  notes  will  be  recorded  and  accessible  by  all  students  in  the  classroom.  this  can  also  lead  to  higher  levels  of  collaboration
__label__interactivedisplays amongst  students,  who  can  discuss  smartboard  notes  through  the  classs  online  management  system.  welcome  back  to  another  article  in  iot  for  alls  iot  applications  in  education  series.  in  this  article,  we  are  going  to  dive  deeper  into  a  specific  technology  that  is  already  being  heavily  adopted  in  throughout  the  world,  the  smartboard.  we  briefly  touched  on  the  smartboard  in  a  previous  article,  but  to  provide  a  basic  definition,  lets  do  what  all  great  students  do  and  :  an  interactive  whiteboard  is  a  large  interactive  display  in  the  form  factor  of  a  whiteboard.  it  can  either  be  a  standalone  touchscreen  computer
__label__interactivedisplays used  independently  to  perform  tasks  and  operations,  or  a  connectable  apparatus  used  as  a  touchpad  to  control  computers  from  a  projector.  smartboards  are  an  extremely  important  part  of  the  smart  classroom  for  a  variety  of  reasons.  in  fact,  i  believe  that  they  are  the  integral  piece  as  they  can  act  as  a  hub  for  all  connected  devices  within  a  classroom.  lets  imagine  for  a  moment  that  we  are  in  a  music  class.  the  teacher  is  giving  a  lesson  on  classical  music  composition  writing  and  is  showing  the  students  how  to  construct  a  score  on  staff  paper.  a  smartboard  allows  the
__label__interactivedisplays teacher  and  students  to  collaborate  on  the  same  document  and  share  it  with  the  entire  class  in  real  time.  additionally,  the  same  smartboard  can  store  the  combined  notes  that  were  previously  shared  with  the  class  for  later  use  and  for  reference  by  individual  students  from  the  class.  using  the  aforementioned  example  of  a  music  classroom,  the  teacher  can  help  guide  the  class  through  an  interactive  exercise  of  writing  a  basic  score,  notebynote.  lets  say  a  student  is  struggling  with  a  specific  note  transition.  the  smartboard  can  empower  the  teacher  to  guide  the  student  through  the  problem,  but  also  to  use
__label__interactivedisplays the  exercise  as  a  teaching  moment  for  the  other  students  in  the  classroom  as  it  is  being  shared  in  realtime.  there  are  a  variety  of  resources,  articles,  and  publications  that  are  pushing  for  the  adoption  of  connected  technologies  in  schools,  like  .  the  author  of  this  article  shares  multiple  statistics  which  prove  that  smart  classroom  products  are  extremely  effective,  such  as:  so  whats  holding  back  teachers  and  school  districts  from  using  smart  technologies  like  smartboards  in  the  classroom?  one  of  the  largest  gating  factors  is  cost.  a  reveals  that  many  interactive  whiteboards  retail  for  well  over  2000,  with  the  top
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  line  boards  topping  the  8000  mark.  as  our  publication  is  iot  for  all  ,  i  have  taken  it  upon  myself  to  find  a  way  to  share  how  to  integrate  smartboard  technology  in  classrooms  at  a  much  more  stomachable  price  point.  the  is  a  great  alternative  to  smartboards;  the  product  utilizes  infrared  light  to  accurately  write  on  a  whiteboard.  the  pen  connects  to  a  smartphone  or  computer  via  bluetooth  and  unlocks  the  ability  to  write  notes  over  anything  that  shows  up  on  a  screen.  this  technology  helps  make  presentations  interactive  and  allows  students  and  teachers  to  collaborate  with  other
__label__interactivedisplays members  of  the  classroom.  there  are  other  competing  products  on  amazon  which  we  encourage  teachers  to  check  out.  have  you  used  smartboards  in  the  class  before?  have  you  tried  any  cheaper,  smartboard  alternatives?  let  us  know  wed  love  to  hear  what  you  think  and  hope  we  have  been  able  to  provide  value  for  teachers  and  schools  looking  to  integrate
__label__interactivedisplays it  is  predicted  that  by  2020  we  will  have  between  .  a  large  chunk  of  these  devices  will  be  using  shortrange  wireless  systems  such  as  bluetooth  and  wifi  for  their  connectivity,  but  according  to  a  gsma  study  machinetomachine  device  connections  already  account  for  2.8  195  million  of  global  mobile  connections  in  2013,  and  this  number  is  expected  to  grow  as  increasingly  powerful  edge  devices  drive  demand  for  more  robust  and  global  network  connections.  as  these  machines  continue  to  migrate  towards  more  advanced  networks,  carriers  continue  to  reduce  their  monthly  fee  for  device  links,  and  some  of  the  kinks  battery  life,
__label__interactivedisplays cost  sensitivity,  and  being  overkill  for  many  constrained  devices  of  cellular  connectivity  for  iot  devices  are  worked  out  cellular  will  take  its  place  as  a  growing  key  enabler  for  iot  devices.  11/01/2019  the  particle  3g  was  designed  for  creating  cellularconnected  electronics  projects.  it  is  a  gsm  does  not  support  cdma  and  will  work  directly  in  north  america,  south  america,  and  australia  out  of  the  box.  the  kit  also  includes  a  particle  sim  that  covers  100  countries.  the  device  cloud  includes  3mb  of  cellular  data  per  device/per  month  and  your  first  three  months  of  data  is  free.  the  full  kit  includes
__label__interactivedisplays a  microcontroller,  sim  card,  cellular  antenna,  lipo  battery,  printed  circuit  board  pcb,  usb  cable,  breadboard  and  a  pinout  reference  card.  1mb  flash  and  128k  ram  with  a  ublox  cellular  modem  :  gemalto  is  moving  this  concept  forward  for  the  embedded  space  with  the  cinterion  concept  board,  a  userfriendly  extendable  development  kit  that  leverages  java,  cinterion  solutions  and  the  sensorlogic  application  enablement  platform  to  quickly  design  and  launch  next  generation  m2m  solutions.  :  8  gpio  lines  with  levelshifters,  compatible  with  a  range  of  arduino  shields,  5v  power  supply  :  100  countries,  2g  3g  :  konekts  dash  and  dash  pro  are  small
__label__interactivedisplays cellular  development  boards  that  leverage  the  power  of  the  companys  .  konekt  raised  a  of  funding  in  february  2015  to  develop  iot  data  services  based  on  its  global  sim  card.  hardware  production  for  the  dash  boards  was  financed  with  a  kickstarter  .  dash:  59  dash  pro:  69  complete  solar  kit:  199  data  plan:  starts  at1/month,  depending  on  data  usage  :  dash  12  analog  inputs  31  gpio,  1  dacdash  pro  12  analog  inputs  18  gpio,  1  dac  dimension:  dash  pro:  80  x  30mm  dash:  54  x  20.4  mm  :  100  countries,  2g  3g  :  particles  electron  board  is  a  cellularconnected  complement
__label__interactivedisplays to  its  core  and  photon  wifi  development  boards.  electron  works  with  the  companys  existing  shield  modules  and  draws  on  the  power  of  the  .  the  boards  production  was  funded  in  april  2015  through  a  kickstarter  .  electron:  data  plan:  3/month  for  the  first  mb,  1  for  each  additional  mb  :  100  countries,  2g  3g  ublox  sara  useries  3g  or  gseries  2g  :  36  pins  total:  28  gpios  d0d13,  a0a13,  plus  tx/rx,  2  gnds,  vin,  vbat,  wkp,  3v3,  rst  dimensions:  2.0  x  0.8  x  0.3  0.5  including  headers  :  :  garageio  is  the  simple  and  secure  way  to  control  and  monitor
__label__interactivedisplays your  garage  door  from  anywhere  in  the  world,  without  needing  to  replace  your  existing  opener.  no  more  turning  around  to  make  sure  it  is  closed.  no  more  leaving  it  open  all  night  long.  give  access  to  your  close  friends  and  family  up  to  10  people  and  see  who  is  using  it  and  when..  :  does  not  come  with  a  sim  card  but  supports  any  2g/3g  sim  card  that  can  register  on  a  2g  cellular  network.  quad  band850/900/1800/1900mhz  :  onboard  lipo  battery  charger  :  the  c027  is  a  complete  starter  kit  that  allows  quick  prototyping  of  a  variety  of  applications  for
__label__interactivedisplays theinternet  of  things  iot.  the  application  board  has  a  max7q  gps/gnss  receiver  and  a  lisa  umts/cdma  or  sara  gsm  cellular  module,  enabling  straightforward  development  of  location  aware,  global  communicating  applications.  the  application  board  provides  access  to  ethernet  and  can  interfaces  and  to  a  variety  of  hw  interfaces  22  gpios  with  spi,  i2c,  uart,  i2s  through  a  standardbased  header  connector.  :  :  ,  pdf  :  the  internet  of  everything  ioe  development  platform  with  support  for  oracle  java  me  embedded  8  lets  software  developers  and  systems  integrators  innovate,  test  and  deploy  ioe  applications  with  embedded  cellular  connectivity.  :  :  triband  umts/hsdpa  2100/1900/850
__label__interactivedisplays mhz  quadband  gsm  850/900/1800/1900  mhz  standalone  gps,  2.4ghz  wifi  b/g/n  sensors  :  accelerometer,  light,  temperature  cloud  :  integration  of  device  cloud  by  etherios  :  pdf  :  the  internet  of  everything  ioe  development  platform  with  support  for  oracle  java  me  embedded  8  lets  software  developers  and  systems  integrators  innovate,  test  and  deploy  ioe  applications  with  embedded  cellular  connectivity.  :  :  2.5g  gsm/gprs  modem,  gsm  850/900/1800/1900  mhz,  gprs  class  10,  cs1cs4  up  to  85.6kb/s,wlan  ieee  802.11  b/g,  bluetooth  le  4.1  sensors  :  location  speed,  acceleration,  impac,  torientation,  light,  temperature  humidity,  air  pressure  battery  :  rechargeable  liion  battery  1900mah  :  datasheet  pdf  :
__label__interactivedisplays the  thinking  things  open  development  board  are  used  for  fast  prototyping,  functional  testing,  code  development,  firmware  automatic  testing,  etcthese  boards  integrate  right  away  the  thinking  things  open  module  with  the  ide.  code  and  designs  running  with  the  board  can  be  moved  straight  to  the  factory.  :  850/900/1800/1900mhz,  csim  embedded  sim,  gprs  class  112  configurable  io  :  3  analog  input  pins  a1,a2,a3  1  digital  io  3,7v  female  headers  arduino  uno  compatible  battery:  lipo  3,7v  :  the  sparqee  cell  board  adds  cellular  connectivity  to  projects  based  on  other  development  hardware.  it  can  be  wired  directly  into  any  project,  or  snapped  onto  a
__label__interactivedisplays shield  module  to  connect  to  arduino  or  raspberry  pi  hardware  see  below  for  more  examples  of  cellular  shields  for  those  platforms.  sparqee  runs  free  servers  for  handling  data  requests.  :  :  100  countries,  2g  3g  :  current  required:  :  raspi  and  arduino  support  if  youre  not  using  a  shield,  all  you  need  are  4  connections  rx,  tx,  gnd,  and  vref  for  3.3v  or  5v  systems...  :  :  cellular  gps  tracking,  all  in  one?  oh  yes  introducing  adafruit  fona  808  minigsm  gps,  an  allinone  cellular  phone  module  with  that  lets  you  add  locationtracking,  voice,  text,  sms  and  data  to  your  project
__label__interactivedisplays in  an  adorable  little  package.  :  39.95  :  quadband  850/900/1800/1900mhz  connect  onto  any  global  gsm  network  with  any  2g  sim  in  the  usa,  tmobile  is  suggested  :  fona  draws  about  2025ma  while  running,  up  to  200ma  while  actually  making  a  call/sending/receiving  data,  and  has  very  small  spikes  of  up  to  2a.  :  :  the  arduino  gsm  shield  connects  your  arduino  to  the  internet  using  the  gprs  wireless  network.  just  plug  this  module  onto  your  arduino  board,  plug  in  a  sim  card  from  an  operator  offering  gprs  coverage  and  follow  a  few  simple  instructions  to  start  controlling  your  world  through  the
__label__interactivedisplays internet.  you  can  also  make/receive  voice  calls  you  will  need  an  external  speaker  and  microphone  circuit  and  send/receive  sms  messages.  :  :  uses  the  1.0  pinout  on  rev  3  of  the  arduino  uno  board  :  700ma  and  1000ma  :  the  m10  is  a  quadband  gsm/gprs  modem  that  works  at  frequencies  gsm850mhz,  gsm900mhz,  dcs1800mhzand  pcs1900mhz.  :  comes  with  telefonica/movilforum  sim  :  the  3g  shield  for  arduino  and  raspberry  pi  enables  the  connectivity  to  high  speed  wcdma  and  hspa  cellular  networks  in  order  to  make  possible  the  creation  of  the  next  level  of  worldwide  interactivity  projects  inside  the  new  internet  of  things
__label__interactivedisplays era.  :  :  arduino,  raspberry  pi  and  intel  galileo  :  wcdma  and  hspa  3g  networks  compatibility  internal  gps  for  assisted  agps  and  supported  sgps  modes  :  the  skywire  arduino  cellular  shield  allows  easy  addition  of  cellular  connectivity  to  an  arduino  implementation  for  fast,  easy  prototyping.  the  arduino  opensource  platform  provides  simple  hardware  and  software  for  development  of  interactive  projects.  it  accepts  inputs  from  sensors  and  can  control  a  variety  of  actuators.  the  kits  arduino  cellular  shield  works  with  any  of  nimbelinks  precertified  skywire  cellular  modems,  which  are  available  with  bundled,  nocontract  cellular  plans.  :  :  :  despite  all  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays specialized  hardware  mentioned  above,  the  most  obvious  way  to  connect  to  a  cellular  network  is  to  use  the  device  that  is  built  for  them:  the  cell  phone.  even  lowend  smartphones  contain  many  of  the  processors,  sensors  and  radios  found  in  purposebuilt  iot  hardware,  but  are  massproduced  at  significantly  lower  prices.  janos,  named  for  the  norwegian  telecom  engineer  who  came  up  with  the  idea,  is  an  opensource  operating  system  designed  to  turn  the  guts  of  any  discarded  smartphone  into  a  cellularconnected  iot  development  board.  so  far  it  only  runs  on  phones  compatible  with  firefox  os,  but  the  developer  community  may  be
__label__interactivedisplays able  to  expand  that  list  quickly  by  porting  the  project  to  work  with  a  wide  variety  of  android  hardware.  :  varies  s:  :  anyone  who  wants  to  get  started  tinkering  or  creating  products  for  the  internet  of  things  first  has  to  sift  through  a  bewildering  assortment  of  development  and  prototyping  hardware.  the  combination  of  variety  and  technical  complexity  can  be  a  significant  barrier  to  entry,  especially  for  amateurs  and  hobbyists.  but  a  few  companies  have  started  designing  prototyping  kits  that  dont  require  intimate  knowledge  of  gpio  pins  or  a  steady  hand  with  the  soldering  iron  to  put  your  project  in
__label__interactivedisplays motion.  was  originally  an  allpurpose  electronics  kit,  but  the  addition  of  the  brought  it  into  the  iot  pantheon.  like  the  rest  of  the  modules  in  the  series,  this  thumb  drivesized  wifi  adapter  snaps  magnetically  to  neighboring  components.  it  adds  wireless  connectivity  and  cloudbased  programming  to  any  project  via  and  littlebits  own  cloud.  :  59  /  99  available  now  :  wifi  :  ,  ,  :  :  ,  ,  cubelets  are  magnetic  blocks  that  can  combine  to  create  a  wide  variety  of  robots.  each  block  either  acts,  senses  or  thinksmeaning  they  contain  components  like  motors  or  speakers,  microphones  or  light  sensors,  or
__label__interactivedisplays little  bits  of  logic  that  can  respond  in  preset  ways  to  the  data  coming  from  the  other  blocks.  with  the  addition  of  a  to  the  lineup,  its  possible  to  reprogram  and  control  the  robots  wirelessly  through  several  apps  for  and  .  :  159  59  :  bluetooth  :  and  apps  :  :  ,  :  combines  plugandplay  components  with  draganddrop  programming.  a  variety  of  peripherals  plug  into  the  cubit  controller  hub  with  multicolored  wires,  and  the  cubit  workshop  software  provides  a  graphical  programming  environment  where  users  combine  prebuilt  chunks  of  code  to  control  the  modules  in  their  project.  as  the  creators  put
__label__interactivedisplays it:  if  you  can  make  a  flowchart,  you  can  create  a  program  for  your  electronics  project.  :  99  preorder  as  of  july  2015  :  bluetooth  s:  :  ,  :  pimoronis  kit  is  an  octopuslike  extension  for  the  ,  where  everything  is  attached  with  brightly  colored  usbstyle  cables:  one  from  the  pi  to  the  round  flotilla  hub,  then  up  to  eight  more  radiating  out  to  connect  light  sensors,  barometers,  accelerometers,  motors,  knobs,  buttons,  leds  and  other  gadgets.  flotilla  can  be  programmed  with  rockpool,  a  draganddrop  rules  engine  with  a  kidfriendly  octopuss  garden  visual  motif,  as  well  as  other  tools.  :  36
__label__interactivedisplays 97  35  preorders  :  depends  on  raspberry  pi  .  :  12  :  ,  ,  :  several  of  the  kits  mentioned  in  this  roundup  can  be  adapted  for  use  with  lego  blocks,  but  which  is  basically  an  upgrade  for  the  line  was  built  with  lego  in  mind  from  the  start.  the  magnetically  stackable  components  are  bordered  with  brightlycolored  plastic  featuring  the  signature  bumps  that  allow  them  to  snap  right  onto  your  favorite  lego  kitsespecially  the  series,  which  provides  a  lot  of  engineering  flexibility  for  robotics  projects.  mcookie  is  fully  arduinocompatible  and  can  be  programmed  with  ,  a  draganddrop  graphical  coding  tool
__label__interactivedisplays that  mirrors  mcookies  building  block  experience.  :  78  :  wifi,  bluetooth,  nfc,  zigbee,  gsm/cellular,  gps,  rf  :  20  :  ,  ,  :  sam  modules  come  in  two  flavors:  sensors,  which  take  in  data  about  the  world  around  them;  and  actors,  which  get  things  done.  the  lineup  is  similar  to  other  internet  of  things  development  kits  aimed  at  less  technically  inclined  users  like  littlebits,  and  includes  buttons,  sliders,  and  switches;  pressure,  light,  motion,  and  temperature  sensors;  and  lights,  motors,  and  servos.  :  139  family  kit  :  bluetooth  :  :  ,  :  tinycircuits  line  of  miniscule  development  boards  is  basically  a  shrinkingdown
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  .  most  of  the  boards  are  a  mere  20mm  squarethats  about  threequarters  of  an  inch,  just  smaller  than  a  u.s.  quarterand  they  can  be  stacked  together  with  chunky  plugs  to  combine  multiple  components.  the  company  recently  kickstarted  a  new  module  called  ,  which  features  a  oneinch  oled  display  for  making  teensy  gaming  consoles,  smartwatches  and  other  projects.  :  59  w/o  wireless  modules  59  /  49  /  :  wifi,  bluetooth,  bluetooth  low  energy  :  arduino  environment  :  :  :  is  a  modular,  mobile  sensor  platform  from  ,  part  of  the  rd  wing  of  spanish  telecom  giant  telefonica.  the  blocky
__label__interactivedisplays components,  which  stack  together,  include  a  battery,  a  simequipped  connectivity  module,  and  an  ambient  sensor  that  tracks  temperature,  light  and  humidity.  others,  like  gps  and  motion  sensors,  are  in  the  works.  :  108  includes  1year  data  plan  :  gsm/cellular  ,  :  3  :  :  grove  is  a  modular  electronic  platform  for  quick  prototyping.  every  module  has  one  function,  such  as  touch  sensing,  creating  audio  effect  and  so  on.  just  plug  the  modules  you  need  to  the  base  shield,  then  you  are  ready  to  test  your  idea  buds.  :  49.90  :  315,  433,  xbee,  bluetooth  :  :  3  :  postscapes  coverage
__label__interactivedisplays :  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product  system  trends  join  20,000  readers  for  our  newsletter  to  stay  a  step  ahead  of  the  curve.  smart  devices  systems
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  is  developing  at  a  rapid  pace,  thanks  in  part  to  an  explosion  in  the  availability  of  small,  inexpensive  computing  hardware.  iot  prototyping  kits  and  development  boards  combine  microcontrollers  and  processors  with  wireless  chips  and  other  components  in  a  prebuilt,  readytoprogram  package.  they  come  in  nearly  infinite  configurations,  from  tiny  batterypowered  chips  that  chirp  intermittently  over  bluetooth  to  credit  cardsized  computers  with  usb  power  supplies  and  highbandwidth  wifi  radios.  whatever  the  needs  of  your  project  or  product,  theres  sure  to  be  a  board  that  fits  your  exact  requirements.  11/01/2019  loading...  :  802.15.4  :  connectivity  by  shield,  usb,
__label__interactivedisplays etc  6lowpan  /  ipv6  looking  for  some  help  with  your  iot  rollout?  treeline  interactive  is  offers  product  development  and  engineering  services.  gainspan  acquired  by  telit  provides  iot  with  wireless  connectivity  solutions  consisting  of  wifi  modules,  wifi  chips,  sdks,  development  boards,  and  app  development  kits.  libelium  is  a  hardware  provider  offering  sensors,  motes  and  gateways  along  with  cloud  integration  partners.  particle  offers  connectivity  hardware  and  a  cloud  device  management  platform.  tst  offers  system  integration  and  development  services  along  with  their  own  line  of  vertical  solution.  are  any  of  your  favorite  solutions  missing  from  this  list?  get  in  touch  with  us  .
__label__interactivedisplays guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product  system  trends  join  20,000  readers  for  our  newsletter  to  stay  a  step  ahead  of  the  curve.  smart  devices  systems
__label__interactivedisplays getting  started  with  connected  devices  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  have  many  choices  of  development  boards.  in  the  last  18  months,  the  diy  market  exploded  with  the  availability  of  a  variety  of  boards.  developers  will  have  to  choose  from  microcontrollerbased  boards,  system  on  chip  soc  boards,  singleboard  computers  sbc  and  purposebuilt  boards  with  support  for  smart  bluetooth  and  wifi.  for  beginners,  its  always  confusing  to  choose  the  right  board.here  is  a  list  of  10  development  boards  that  are  ideal  for  your  first  iot  project.  is  the  new  kid  on  the  block.  with  the  9  price  tag,  its  one  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  most  affordable  fullblown  computers  available  in  the  market.  it  comes  with  a  powerful  1ghz  processor  powered  by  allwinner  r8.  the  best  thing  about  chip  is  that  it  comes  with  embedded  bluetooth  4.0  and  wifi  radios,  providing  outofthebox  connectivity.  the  board  has  4gb  of  highspeed  storage  to  run  a  special  linux  distribution  based  on  debian.  you  dont  need  a  separate  sd  card  to  install  and  run  the  os.  the  only  drawback  of  this  board  is  that  it  doesnt  have  hdmi  out.  to  connect  it  to  a  display,  you  have  to  use  a  trrs  connector  for  the  composite  output.  you  may
__label__interactivedisplays need  an  adapter  to  connect  it  to  regular  vga  or  hdmi  displays.  since  chip  supports  ,  you  can  get  started  without  ever  connecting  it  to  a  display.  with  8  gpio  pins,  chip  can  be  connected  to  a  variety  of  sensors.  the  board  also  supports  pwm,  uart,  i2c  for  connecting  motors  and  other  actuators.  one  of  the  key  advantages  of  chip  is  the  cost  and  the  formfactor.  developers  can  ssh  into  the  linux  os  and  install  required  packages.  gpio  pins  can  be  accessed  through  the  command  prompt  or  languagespecific  libraries.  based  on  the  smallest  soc,  the  board  comes  with  compatible  arduino
__label__interactivedisplays pinout  features.  the  chipset  is  based  on  mt2502a  aster,  arm7  ejs  tm  with  260mhz  speed.  regarding  connectivity,  linkit  one  has  the  most  comprehensive  collection  of  radios  gps,  gsm,  gprs,  wifi,  and  bluetooth.  one  of  the  unique  features  of  linkit  one  is  the  rich  api  that  can  be  used  from  arduino  ide.  the  sdk  comes  with  libraries  to  connect  the  board  to  aws  and  pubnub.  because  it  supports  the  arduino  pinout,  multiple  shields  from  the  arduino  ecosystem  can  be  used  with  the  board.  with  small  formfactor  and  rich  connectivity  options,  linkit  one  can  be  used  for  rapid  prototyping  of  connected  iot
__label__interactivedisplays devices  and  wearables.  is  one  of  the  smallest  prototyping  boards  available  in  the  market.  it  comes  with  the  same  broadcom  bcm43362  wifi  chip  that  powers  next,  lifx,  and  amazon  dash  buttons.  powered  by  the  stm32f205  120mhz  arm  cortex  m3  processor,  photon  has  1mb  flash  and  128kb  ram.  once  configured,  the  board  is  accessible  from  the  internet,  which  makes  it  an  ideal  prototyping  platform  to  build  connected  applications.  the  board  comes  with  five  analog  pins  and  eight  digital  pins  for  connecting  various  sensors  and  actuators.  the  official  ios  and  android  apps  that  particle  has  published  come  handy  in  controlling  these  pins
__label__interactivedisplays directly.  the  powerful  webbased  ide  lets  you  write  sketches  that  are  compatible  with  arduino.  developers  can  also  buy  a  variety  of  shields  for  interfacing  with  relays,  motors,  and  the  broader  arduino  uno  ecosystem.  tessel  2  is  a  solid  development  board  for  serious  developers.  it  comes  with  a  choice  of  sensors  and  actuators  that  can  be  directly  connected  to  the  module  ports.  the  board  is  powered  by  a  580mhz  mediatek  mt7620n  processor  for  faster  execution.  it  is  complemented  by  a  48mhz  atmel  samd21  coprocessor  for  better  managing  the  power  and  realtime  i/o.  it  has  64  mb  ddr2  ram  32  mb  flash,
__label__interactivedisplays which  is  more  than  sufficient  for  running  complex  code.  the  microusb  port  is  used  for  both  powering  the  board  as  well  as  connecting  to  the  pc.  the  embedded  wifi  and  ethernet  ports  bring  connectivity  to  tessel.  it  has  a  wide  collection  of  sensors  and  actuators  that  come  along  with  the  required  libraries.  based  on  ,  it  is  easy  to  get  started  with  the  platform.  developers  looking  for  a  rapid  prototyping  platform  can  go  for  tessel  2.  if  you  are  interested  in  wearables,  is  for  you.  its  a  wearable  electronic  platform  based  on  the  most  popular  arduino  microcontroller.  floras  size  makes
__label__interactivedisplays it  an  ideal  choice  for  embedded  it  in  clothes  and  apparel.  it  comes  with  a  thin,  sewable,  conductor  thread  which  acts  as  the  wire  that  connects  the  power  and  other  accessories.  the  latest  version  of  flora  ships  with  a  microusb  and  neopixel  leds  for  easy  programmability  and  testing.  adafruit  flora  is  based  on  atmega  32u4  microcontroller,  which  powers  arduino  mega  and  leonardo.  there  is  an  onboard  polarized  2  jst  battery  connector  with  protection  schottky  diode  for  use  with  external  battery  packs  from  3.5v  to  9v  dc.  given  its  compatibility  with  arduino,  most  of  the  sketches  would  run  without  modifications.  you
__label__interactivedisplays can  use  the  same  arduino  ide  with  that  you  may  already  be  familiar.  is  an  arduinocompatible  microcontroller  board  that  ships  with  embedded  bluetooth  low  energy  ble,  rgb  led,  temperature  sensor,  and  an  accelerometer.  bean  is  the  successor  to  the  already  popular,  which  includes  a  rechargeable  lipo  battery  along  with  a  couple  of  grove  connectors.  the  board  comes  with  a  coincell  battery,  which  further  helps  it  to  maintain  the  small  form  factor.  it  can  be  paired  with  android  or  ios  devices  for  remote  connectivity  and  control.  it  also  comes  with  a  software  called  beanloader  for  programming  from  windows  or  mac  equipped
__label__interactivedisplays with  ble.  beanloader  installs  an  arduino  ide  addon  for  programming  the  bean  platform.  lightblue  bean  /  bean  is  powered  by  an  atmega328p  microcontroller  with  32kb  flash  memory  and  2kb  sram.  with  8  gpio  pins,  two  analog  pins,  four  pwm  pins,  and  an  i2c  port,  bean  is  perfect  for  quickly  prototyping  blebased  iot  projects.  udoo  neo  is  a  fullblown  computer  that  also  has  an  arduinocompatible  microcontroller.  its  positioned  as  the  combination  of  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  board  has  the  same  pinout  as  arduino  uno.  neo  embeds  two  cores  on  the  same  processor  a  powerful  1ghz  arm  cortexa9,  and  an  arm
__label__interactivedisplays cortexm4  i/o  realtime  coprocessor.  it  packs  a  punch  with  an  embedded  9axis  motion  sensors  and  a  wifi  bluetooth  4.0  module.  you  can  install  android  lollipop  or  a  customized  flavor  of  debian  linux  called  ,  which  is  compatible  with  ubuntu  14.04  lts.  when  it  comes  to  the  powerpacked  features  and  specifications,  udoo  neo  is  nothing  short  of  a  desktop  computer.  with  a  freescale  i.mx  6solox  applications  processor  with  an  embedded  arm  cortexa9  core  and  a  cortexm4  core,  neo  comes  with  1gb  ram.  the  micro  hdmi  port  can  be  connected  to  an  external  display  and  audio  sources.  the  standard  arduino  pin  layout
__label__interactivedisplays is  compatible  with  arduino  shields.  you  can  install  node.js,  python,  and  even  java  on  udoo  neo.  trust  intel  to  deliver  the  most  powerful  singleboard  computer  for  advanced  iot  projects.  intel  edison  is  a  highperformance,  dualcore  cpu  with  a  single  core  microcontroller  that  can  support  complex  data  collection.  it  has  an  integrated  wifi  certified  in  68  countries,  bluetooth  4.0  support,  1gb  ddr  and  4gb  flash  memory.  edison  comes  with  two  breakout  boards  one  thats  compatible  with  arduino  and  the  other  board  designed  to  be  a  smaller  in  size  for  easy  prototyping.  the  arduino  breakout  board  has  20  digital  input/output  pins,  including
__label__interactivedisplays four  pins  as  pwm  outputs,  six  analog  inputs,  one  uart  rx/tx,  and  one  i2c  pin.  edison  runs  on  a  distribution  of  embedded  linux  called  .  its  one  of  the  few  boards  to  get  certified  by  microsoft,  aws,  and  ibm  for  cloud  connectivity.  is  undoubtedly  the  most  popular  platform  used  by  many  hobbyists  and  hackers.  even  nontechnical  users  depend  on  it  for  configuring  their  digital  media  systems  and  surveillance  cameras.  the  recently  launched  raspberry  pi  3  included  builtin  wifi  and  bluetooth  making  it  the  most  compact  and  standalone  computer.  based  on  a  broadcom  bcm2837  soc  with  a  1.2  ghz  64bit  quadcore
__label__interactivedisplays arm  cortexa53  processor  and  1gb  ram,  the  pi  is  a  powerful  platform.  the  raspberry  pi  3  is  equipped  with  2.4  ghz  wifi  802.11n  and  bluetooth  4.1  in  addition  to  the  10/100  ethernet  port.  the  hdmi  port  makes  it  further  easy  to  hook  up  a/v  sources.  raspberry  pi  runs  on  a  customized  debian  linux  called  ,  which  provides  an  excellent  user  experience.  for  developers  and  hackers,  it  offers  a  powerful  environment  to  install  a  variety  of  packages  including  node.js,  the  lamp  stack,  java,  python  and  much  more.  with  four  usb  ports  and  40  gpio  pins,  you  can  connect  many  peripherals  and
__label__interactivedisplays accessories  to  the  pi.  there  are  third  party  breakout  boards  to  connect  various  arduino  shields  to  the  pi.  at  a  throwaway  price  of  35,  raspberry  pi  3  is  certainly  the  most  affordable  and  powerful  computing  platform.  remains  to  be  the  top  favorite  of  absolute  beginners  and  experts.  considered  to  be  one  of  the  first  microcontrollerbased  development  boards,  the  arduino  uno  r3  is  simplest  yet  the  most  powerful  prototyping  environment.  it  is  based  on  the  atmega328p  which  has  14  digital  input/output  pins  and  six  analog  inputs.  though  it  comes  with  just  32  kb  of  flash  memory,  it  can  accommodate  code  that
__label__interactivedisplays deals  with  complex  logic  and  operations.  arduino  enjoys  the  best  community  participation  and  support.  from  sensors  to  actuators  to  libraries,  it  has  a  thriving  ecosystem.  the  board  layout  has  become  almost  the  gold  standard  for  microcontrollers.  almost  every  prototyping  environment  tries  to  be  compatible  with  the  arduino  pin  breakout.  the  open  source  ide  to  develop  sketches  is  another  reason  for  its  popularity.  with  a  simple  syntax  based  on  c  language,  the  code  is  easy  to  learn.  if  you  are  eager  to  learn  basics  of  electronics  and  iot,  look  no  further.  do  yourself  a  favor  and  get  an  arduino  uno  r3.
__label__interactivedisplays close  keyboardarrowdown  we  look  at  the  iotenabled  devices  you  could  set  up  today.  may  2017  we  hear  a  lot  about  the  connected  space  of  the  future  particularly  in  education,  which  seems  a  way  off  of  implementing  any  of  the  iotenabled  devices  so  widely  discussed.  which  got  us  thinking:  what  are  the  applications  that  are  relevant  right  now?  the  ones  where  with  a  few  hundred  dollars,  someone  willing  and  a  bit  of  effort,  you  could  have  up  and  running  in  the  classroom  of  today.  weve  already  looked  at  the  but  if  youre  interested  in  what  could  be  done  today  or  right
__label__interactivedisplays now  to  connect  the  things  in  your  classroom  to  the  people  using  them,  here  are  a  few  applications.  one  of  the  most  effective  ways  to  implement  iot  right  now  in  your  classroom  is  through  learning  aids.  take  who  make  a  digital  highlighter  that  allows  you  to  scan  anything  you  pick  up  into  your  computer.  hello  digital  notes,  quotes,  research  and  feedback.  in  most  classrooms,  notes  are  made  manually  and  theres  not  much  connection  between  the  books  you  read  and  the  computer  where  you  write  about  them.  with  a  smart  device  like  scanmarker,  an  inefficient  process  becomes  efficient,  which  is  really
__label__interactivedisplays what  iotenabled  classrooms  are  all  about.  the  smart  whiteboard.  it  was  pretty  special  wasnt  it?  you  went  from  a  static  blackboard  to  a  whiteboard  that  could  produce  digital  documents.  but  now  you  have  an  even  smarter  whiteboard,  or  a  smart  whiteboard  2.0  as  some  are  calling  it.  one  example  is  the  from  ideapaint.  right  now,  even  on  a  smart  whiteboard,  if  you  draw  a  diagram  or  create  something  manually,  it  has  to  be  wiped  away  before  you  can  start  again.  the  idea  behind  bounce  is  that  it  saves  all  of  your  brainstorming  sessions,  answers  and  notes  and  stores  them  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  app  where  they  can  be  reached  at  a  later  date.  no  longer  do  students  have  to  scribble  down  notes  from  the  board.  instead  they  can  listen  and  participate,  then  access  notes  later  through  the  bounce  app.  these  notes  could  be  shared  further  too,  with  sick  classmates,  governing  bodies,  parents  and  local  authority  centres.  thereby  bridging  the  gap  between  the  offline  experience  in  the  classroom  and  the  online  user  interface.  perhaps  the  easiest  way  to  make  your  classroom  smarter  right  now  is  through  digital  signage.  the  art  of  using  tv  screens  to  share  content  is  not  new,  but  is  still
__label__interactivedisplays widely  underutilized  within  education.  all  thats  needed  to  set  it  up  is  a  tv  screen,  a  smart  device  such  as  a  35  amazon  fire  stick  and  a  that  can  cost  as  little  as  20  per  month.  the  applications  are  huge.  digital  signage  screens  can  be  used  to  provide  real  time  updates  to  students  and  staff,  as  well  as  safety  notices  and  emergency  information.  they  can  share  school  social  media  feeds,  wayfinding,  class  timetables  and  general  information  such  as  world  news.  for  departmental  feeds,  the  screens  can  share  educational  content,  additional  reading  and  even  pop  quizzes  to  keep  minds  occupied  as
__label__interactivedisplays students  wait  in  the  halls.  the  only  downside,  as  ,  may  be  more  congestion  in  the  halls  around  the  screens  how  smart  are  classrooms  right  now?  not  very.  iot  application,  in  any  industry,  talks  about  making  individual  offices  or  colleges  more  energy  efficient  by  linking  up  devices  such  as  thermostats  and  lighting.  these  types  of  amenities,  once  made  smarter,  would  be  able  to  detect  temperature,  time  of  day,  number  of  people  in  the  room  and  more,  all  of  which  would  allow  them  to  adjust  automatically  to  become  more  efficient.  schools  such  as  the  council  rock  school  district  in  pennsylvania  have
__label__interactivedisplays already  implemented  energy  saving  programs  that  allow  them  to  save  money  through  an  iotinfrastructure  that  monitors  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning.  just  turning  these  off  during  vacation  times  has  allowed  them  to  save  millions.  then  you  have  the  companies  who  are  looking  to  make  this  process  and  the  internet  of  things  accessible  to  students  themselves.  take  bosch,  who  used  iot  to  share  information  on  climate  control  and  energy  saving  directly  into  the  heart  of  schools.  they  created  an  image  of  einstein  in  a  grammar  school  in  austria,  who  would  notify  students  and  teachers  each  time  there  was  a  change  in
__label__interactivedisplays atmosphere.  the  painting  would  then  go  on  to  notify  the  students  how  they  could  adjust  their  conditions  for  maximum  focus.  these  type  of  creative  applications  are  available  now  and  not  only  improve  the  efficiency  of  schools,  but  teach  students  at  the  same  time.  for  students  with  disabilities  or  limited  capabilities,  there  are  iot  applications  available  now  which  lend  an  element  of  artificial  intelligence.  one  example  is  microsofts  which  can  run  on  the  students  smartphone  to  provide  a  playbyplay  account  of  whats  going  on  around  them.  anyone  partiallysighted  would  enjoy  a  more  inclusive  role  within  their  school  community.  there  are  software
__label__interactivedisplays products  already  available  that  help  educate  through  gamification.  one  example  is  the  smart  kolibreesoftware  that  uses  a  game  to  teach  children  how  to  brush  their  teeth.  the  game  has  3d  motion  sensors  that  track  brushing  behaviors,  that  can  then  be  monitored  by  parents.  this  data  is  also  then  collected  to  gain  an  overview  of  childrens  brushing  habits  as  a  whole.  in  the  classroom,  the  opportunity  to  teach  through  similar  methods,  where  real  world  actions  are  linked  and  measured,  could  help  students  to  learn  faster  and  in  a  much  more  visual  way.  as  well  as  smart  everyday  learning  there  are  also
__label__interactivedisplays systems  available  that  make  the  examination  process  more  efficient.  one  example  is  examination  zone,  where  biometric  security  is  used  to  identify  a  learner  as  they  log  on  to  an  examination  system.  once  the  student  has  answered  the  questions,  the  answers  are  pushed  to  a  secure  server  and  are  also  checked  to  ensure  validity  and  security  conditions.  this  already  begins  to  remove  many  of  the  manual  processes  associated  with  exams  and  allows  the  process  to  be  streamlined  and  more  secure  from  cheating.
__label__interactivedisplays slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  this  is  a  idea  in  incubation  for  a  iot  smart  board.  samsung  has  a  similar  one  built  into  its  refrigerator  in  ces  2016.  my  idea  was  as  incubated  in
__label__interactivedisplays microchip  makes  iot  development  easy  by  offering  one  of  embedded  ecosystems  in  the  industry.  from  sensor  to  cloud  and  everything  in  between,  we  provide  the  solutions  to  enable  the  gamechanging  iot  solutions  of  tomorrow.  with  our  robust  product  portfolio  and  comprehensive  design  partner  program,  find  the  part,  partners,  and  support  to  bring  your  iot  designs  to  market  quickly.  take  a  deepdive  into  the  sections  below  to  see  how  microchip  can  help  overcome  your  design  challenges.  microchips  worldwide  design  partner  network  provides  a  channel  between  our  authorized  design  partners  and  customers  in  need  of  technical  expertise  and  costeffective  solutions  in  a
__label__interactivedisplays smart  board  open  sens  iot  board  opensource  development  platform  smart  board  open  sens  iot  board  opensource  development  platform  this  holiday  season,  support  a  project  for  no  reward,  just  because  it  speaks  to  you.  by  pledging  you  agree  to  kickstarters  ,  ,  and  .  its  a  way  to  bring  creative  projects  to  life.  select  this  reward  every  contribution  is  very  valuable  to  help  develope  and  update  the  smart  board.  we  will  keep  you  informed  of  our  development  progress  and  our  production  updates.  by  pledging  you  agree  to  kickstarters  ,  ,  and  .  its  a  way  to  bring  creative  projects  to  life.
__label__interactivedisplays select  this  reward  your  contribution  is  very  valuable  to  us.  we  will  thank  you  on  our  website  and  you  will  have  a  chance  to  cooperate  in  development/updates  of  smart  board.  by  pledging  you  agree  to  kickstarters  ,  ,  and  .  its  a  way  to  bring  creative  projects  to  life.  select  this  reward  you  will  get  a  complete  smart  board  set  at  an  early  bird  discounted  price.  by  pledging  you  agree  to  kickstarters  ,  ,  and  .  its  a  way  to  bring  creative  projects  to  life.  select  this  reward  you  will  get  2  complete  smart  board  sets  at  an  even  better
__label__interactivedisplays oops  looks  like  we  couldnt  find  any  results.  why  not  change  some  things  around  or  broaden  your  search?  you  can  also  try:  photography  london  film  video  california  robots  whoa,  whoa  whoa.  looks  like  you  selected  a  filter  that  requires  you  to  be  logged  in.you  can  log  in  or  if  you  dont  have  an  account  you  can  signup  for  one  242  projects
__label__interactivedisplays devices  support  the  expansion  of  internet  connection  beyond  the  usual  standard  devices  like  computers,  laptops,  smartphones  etc.  these  iot  devices  are  purely  integrated  with  high  definition  technology  which  makes  it  possible  for  them  to  communicate  or  interact  over  the  internet  smoothly  and  can  also  be  managed  and  controlled  remotely  when  required.  what  you  will  learn:  it  is  a  matter  of  fact  today  that  a  number  of  iot  products  have  surpassed  a  huge  number  of  humans  on  this  planet.  approximately  there  are  around  7.62  billion  humans  on  our  planet,  but  to  your  surprise,  by  the  year  2021  with  an  increasing  graph
__label__interactivedisplays of  iot  devices,  there  may  be  around  20  billion  iot  smart  devices  up  and  running  with  an  increase  in  the  demand  of  5g  network.  image  if  an  average  is  made  then  after  some  years  each  and  every  individual  in  america  would  be  having  more  than  10  iot  devices  of  their  own.  please  refer  this  to  more  about  this  statistical  data.  nowadays,  the  production  and  usage  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  increasing  very  rapidly.  iot  products  and  devices  basically  include  laptops,  smartphones,  smart  gadgets,  smart  watches,  smart  and  digitalized  vehicles  and  almost  all  of  these  are  used  majorly  today.
__label__interactivedisplays it  basically  depends  on  two  things  to  transform  a  normal  device  into  iot  smart  device.  when  both  these  functionalities  are  combined  together  an  iot  device  is  formed.  earlier  only  simple  watches  were  only  used  to  see  the  time  and  date,  but  now  the  smart  iot  watches  allow  a  user  to  see  heartbeat  rate,  calorie  count,  steps  walked  etc.  the  market  for  iot  devices  is  expanding  rapidly  day  by  day  and  becoming  more  popular  as  well  with  the  drastic  increase  in  the  number  of  users  who  use  them  daily.  iot  has  a  very  simple  lifecycle  of  development.  deployment  followed  by  monitoring,
__label__interactivedisplays servicing,  managing,  which  is  followed  by  regular  updates  and  decommissioning  at  the  end.  apart  from  these  informations,  there  are  some  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  the  internet  of  things  devices  which  may  have  a  great  impact  on  the  current  and  future  generation  of  mankind.  though  there  are  several  advantages,  there  are  certain  disadvantages  too.  some  of  the  frequently  asked  questions  for  the  internet  of  things  devices  are  enlisted  below  for  your  reference:  iot  devices  are  basically  smart  devices  which  have  support  for  internet  connectivity  and  are  able  to  interact  with  the  other  devices  over  the  internet  and  grant  remote  access  to
__label__interactivedisplays a  user  for  managing  the  device  as  per  their  need.  there  are  several  top  devices  in  the  market.  smart  mobiles,  smart  refrigerators,  smart  watches,  smart  fire  alarm,  smart  door  lock,  smart  bicycle,  medical  sensors,  fitness  trackers,  smart  security  system  etc.,  are  few  examples  of  iot  products.  iot  device  market  is  increasing  drastically,  hence  it  is  assumed  to  have  more  than  20  billion  iot  products  in  the  market  up  and  in  running  state  by  the  year  2021.  the  technologies  used  in  these  devices  are  low  energy  wireless  and  bluetooth,  nfc,  lte,  zigbee,  wireless  protocols  etc.  iot  product/devices  are  basically  physical  devices
__label__interactivedisplays integrated  with  software  and  can  connect  with  each  other  over  the  internet  to  exchange  information,  they  help  the  user  for  more  simple  and  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world.  the  information  provided  in  this  article  is  purely  based  on  the  information  available  on  the  internet  and  not  from  any  private  source.  enlisted  below  are  the  top  internet  of  things  devices  that  are  used  all  over  the  world.  you  can  actually  buy  and  experience  these  devices  for  yourself  that  is  the  beauty  of  this  list.  google  home  voice  controller  is  a  smart  iot  device  which  allows  the  user  to  enjoy  features
__label__interactivedisplays like  media,  alarms,  lights,  thermostats,  control  the  volume  and  much  more  functions  just  by  their  voice.  us  130  google  store,  ebay,  flipkart,  dell.com,  google  express,  verizon  etc.  amazon  echo  plus  voice  controller  is  a  popular  and  reliable  iot  device.  it  is  capable  to  run  songs,  do  phone  calls,  set  timers  and  alarms,  ask  questions,  provide  information,  check  the  weather,  manage  todo  shopping  lists,  manage  house  instruments,  and  several  other  things.  us  99.99  amazon  dash  button  is  basically  a  device  that  gets  connected  over  internet  wifi  and  makes  sure  that  the  user  does  not  lack  important  household  items  like  soft  drinks,
__label__interactivedisplays grocery  material,  medical  and  personal  care,  kids  and  any  pet  items  ever  again.  if  a  user  wants  to  fully  utilize  the  dash  button,  then  the  user  must  be  an  amazon  prime  member.  us  4.99  august  doorbell  cam  is  an  effective  iot  innovation.  august  doorbell  cam  allows  you  to  answer  your  door  from  anywhere  or  remote  location.  it  constantly  checks  your  doors  and  also  captures  motion  changes  in  your  doorstep.  us  199  august  smart  lock  has  proven  to  be  a  reliable  security  iot  device.  it  allows  the  user  to  manage  their  doors  from  any  location  hasslefree.  it  helps  the  user  to
__label__interactivedisplays keep  thieves  away  and  family  in  your  home.  us  220  kuri  is  the  first  sort  of  home  robot  and  most  popular  too.  it  is  specifically  designed  for  entertainment.  kuri  interacts  with  the  users  and  captures  moments  all  around  the  house  daily.  us  700  the  wemo  light  switch  helps  a  user  to  manage  your  home  lights  from  the  wall,  your  mobile  or  by  using  your  voice.  this  smart  light  switch  connects  to  your  existing  home  wifi  network  to  give  wireless  access  of  your  lights  with  no  subscription  or  hub  required.  us  39.95  foobot  is  a  reliable  iot  device  which  is  helpful
__label__interactivedisplays in  measuring  indoor  pollution  and  leads  to  improved  air  quality  in  houses,  workplace,  and  indoor  public  spaces.  it  often  gives  accurate  results.  us  199  flow  air  pollution  is  an  amazing  discovery  in  the  iot  market.  it  is  a  personal  air  quality  tracker  which  informs  the  user  in  which  area  the  air  quality  is  bad  and  polluted  and  vice  versa.  it  shows  all  the  results  in  the  map  available  in  its  app.  us  179  flow.plumelabs,  amazon,  ebay  etc.  nest  smoke  alarm  is  a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  a  smoke  alarm  that  thinks,  speaks  and  alerts  your  mobile  phone  about
__label__interactivedisplays any  unwanted  emergencies  in  your  home.  it  automatically  tests  itself.  us  119  it  helps  to  control  the  homes  temperature  and  cooling  environment  with  no  effort  from  the  user  for  nest  thermostat.  it  adapts  according  to  your  activities  and  manages  room  the  temperature  automatically  based  on  your  routine.  us  249.99  philips  hue  is  a  very  famous  iot  device  and  is  used  as  a  personal  wireless  lighting  systemthat  allows  to  control  your  light  and  create  the  right  ambiance  for  everymoment.  it  makes  the  smart  home  to  live  with  the  most  connected  lights  in  theworld.  us  30  to  us  100  bitdefender  box  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  very  useful  iot  device.  it  is  the  smart  home  cybersecurity  hub  that  prevents  various  internetconnected  devices  from  malware,  stolen  passwords,  identity  theft,  spying  etc.  us  179.99  ringdoorbellsis  a  reliable  iot  product  and  allows  the  user  to  answer  the  door  from  any  place  using  your  smartphone.  protect  your  home  with  security  cameras  from  ring  video  doorbell.  us  99.99  to  us  499  wemo  smart  plug  is  a  good  iot  product  which  helps  to  turn  on  your  lights,  turn  appliances  on/off  and  provides  the  ability  to  monitor  them  from  anywhere  remotely.  us  49.99  logitech  harmonyis  a  powerful  and  useful  iot  smart  device
__label__interactivedisplays for  daily  purposes.  it  is  a  universal  remote  which  lets  you  control  your  house  media,  lighting,  and  other  smart  devices  from  one  location  remotely.  us  49.99  to  us  349.99  this  is  the  particles  iot  board  which  provides  everything  that  a  user  needs  to  build  a  connection  project.  it  makes  prototyping  simple  and  easy  due  to  plugins.  us  19  to  us  25  it  is  an  extremely  powerful  internet  of  things  device  which  maintains  the  whole  home  mesh  wifi  system  that  is  capable  to  cover  the  whole  house  with  fast  wifi.  it  can  work  with  the  existing  internet  service  provider.  us  323.99
__label__interactivedisplays internet  of  things  iot  device  is  a  burning  topic  in  the  current  era.  we  understood  how  these  smart  devices  developed  by  mankind  for  mankind  are  impacting  in  both  positive  and  negative  ways.  in  this  article,  we  came  to  know  about  iot  device  which  is  the  internet  of  things,  the  types  of  devices  which  include  iot  in  our  day  to  day  life  and  the  process  in  which  the  iot  devices  make  a  users  task  simple  and  quick.  we  saw  how  this  technology  which  is  increasing  drastically  is  going  to  impact  the  future  of  mankind  and  the  working  principle  of  iot  devices.
__label__interactivedisplays you  also  came  to  know  about  the  price,  features,  video  explanation  and  from  where  to  buy  these  devices  as  per  your  requirements.  with  these  points,  we  believe  the  time  is  not  too  far,  in  which  we  will  see  each  and  every  individual,  home  using  and  depending  on  these  helping  our  community  since  2006  100  million  visits  all  articles  are  copyrighted  and  can  not  be  reproduced  without  permission.  copyright  softwaretestinghelp  2019  read  our
__label__interactivedisplays opti  used  particle  to  bring  this  valve  online  and  teach  it  how  to  check  the  weather.  so,  when  hurricane  irma  hit  florida,  this  valve  knew  exactly  where  to  put  that  rain  before  it  even  fell.  the  result?  countless  homes  spared  from  destruction.  real  products  solving  real  problems.  welcome  to  real  iot.  get  started  with  easytouse  hardware  development  kits,  and  scale  with  industrialgrade  connectivity  modules.  wifi,  cellular,  bluetooth,  and  mesh.  network  infrastructure  designed  for  iot.  from  sim  cards  to  security,  we  make  sure  your  devices  can  talk  to  the  cloud.  a  secure,  managed  platform  that  gives  you  visibility  and  control  over
__label__interactivedisplays your  fleet  of  devices.  ota  software  updates,  sim  and  device  management.  our  sdks  help  you  build  ios,  android,  and  web  apps.  our  web  integrations  stream  data  out  of  particle  and  into  your  database  of  choice.  200,000  developers  worldwide  21.9bn  sensor  data  points  collected  per  year  60,000  devices  online  daily  particle  2019,  all  rights  reserved  connect  anywhere  and  everywhere  with  cellular  iot,  now  with  lte  support  bring  your  product  online  with  wifi,  ideal  for  indoor  and  smart  home  applications  create  lowpower,  resilient  local  device  networks  with  particle  mesh  a  realtime  operating  system  designed  for  cloudconnected  embedded  hardware  cloud  infrastructure  to  build,
__label__interactivedisplays connect,  and  manage  your  iot  device  fleet  a  draganddrop  iot  application  builder  to  create  business  rules  in  the  cloud  welldocumented  and  easytouse  tools  to  supercharge  your  iot  development  build  your  iot  product  from  concept  to  market  with  a  team  of  iot  experts  connect  your  constantly  moving  assets  to  keep  track  of  them  anywhere,  anytime  monitor  machine  performance  to  curtail  maintenance  issues  in  advance  collect  data  with  sensors  to  ensure  your  operations  meet  regulatory  standards  supervise  assets  remotely  to  collect  and  respond  to  environmental  indicators  improve  operating  efficiency  by  optimizing  management  of  raw  materials
__label__interactivedisplays giving  you  the  ability  to  securely  connect  anything,  anywhere  from  sensor  to  cloud,  our  integrated  circuits  allow  you  to  accurately  sense,  understand  and  transmit  intelligent  data.  advancements  in  nanopower,  mmwave  sensing,  connectivity,  5g,  artificial  intelligence  and  deep  learning  help  you  create  whats  next  in  your  iot  design,  for  any  application.  our  circuits  and  design  tools  are  backed  by  decades  of  system  expertise  and  the  largest  cloud  partner  network  in  the  industry.  get  to  market  fast  with  technology  that  solves  your  power,  performance  and  security  challenges  and  allows  you  to  deliver  whats  next.  enhance  your  iot  designs  with  tis  wired  and
__label__interactivedisplays wireless  connectivity  hardware,  software  and  tool  options  for  your  iot  applications.  ti  helps  iotrelated  system  designs  achieve  compliance  with  safety  regulations,  security  standards  and  other  functional  safety  considerations.  iot  systems  need  to  accurately  sense  conditions  in  complex  environments,  often  in  the  most  space  and  powerconstrained  settings.  tis  sensor  innovations  enable  faster,  smaller  and  more  precise  sensing  for  the  iot.  ti  provides  you  innovative  power  management  integrated  circuits  and  easytouse  design  resources  that  allow  designers  to  quickly  develop  internetready  applications  that  connect  to  the  cloud  and  connect  with  each  other.  iot  featured  design  resources  as  often  happens  when  transformational  changes  occur,
__label__interactivedisplays there  is  an  expectation  that  they  will  happen  faster  than  they  do.  and  when  the  change  finally  arrives,  its  impact  is  often  larger  than  expected.  overtheair  ota  updates  offer  many  benefits  for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  ti  devices  enable  remote  patching  of  bugs  or  security  flaws  rather  than  having  users  perform  the  updates  inperson.  brush  up  on  your  iot  connectivity  knowledge  with  connect,  our  video  series  featuring  expert  talks,  handson  demos,  new  connectivity  product  previews,  training  and  more.  whats  new  multiprotocol  sub1  and  2.4ghz  wireless  mcu  targeting  wireless  mbus,  ieee  802.15.4g,  6lowpan,  thread,  zigbee,  knx  rf,  wisun,  bluetooth  5
__label__interactivedisplays low  energy,  and  proprietary  systems.  lowpower,  digital  temperature  sensor  with  smbus  and  i2ccompatible  interface.  the  tiol111  family  of  transceivers  implements  the  iolink  interface  for  industrial  bidirectional,  pointto  point  communication.  applications  for  iot  building  and  home  automation  from  enhancing  security  to  reducing  energy  and  maintenance  costs,  ti  offers  a  wide  range  of  innovative  nano  power,  signal  chain,  sensing,  power  management  and  wireless  connectivity  devices  that  address  key  system  challenges  in  intelligent  building  and  smart  home  applications  such  as  predictive  maintenance,  video  surveillance,  smart  lighting  and  control  and  hvac.  smart  cities  reduce  cost  and  resource  consumption  with  tis  products  for  iotrelated  designs
__label__interactivedisplays for  outdoor  lighting,  surveillance,  long  range  wireless  connectivity,  centralized  integrated  system  control  and  more.  smart  manufacturing  smart  factory  and  industry  4.0  projects  require  secure  and  robust  iot  designs.  ti  offers  a  wide  range  of  innovative  technologies  to  enable  a  smarter,  safer,  more  efficient  factory  environment.  automotive  from  headlights  to  taillights  and  all  systems  in  between,  ti  offers  a  wide  range  of  innovative  technologies  for  the  modern  automobile.  wearables  with  the  broadest  portfolio  in  the  industry,  ti  provides  highly  efficient  ultralow  power  solutions  for  the  wearables  market.  healthcare  ti  is  shaping  technology  to  improve  the  quality  and  accessibility  of  digital  products
__label__interactivedisplays intel  smart  display  module  as  powerefficient  performance  becomes  more  critical  and  displays  become  thinner,  this  specification  and  reference  design  module  can  be  integrated  into  the  sleekest  allinone  displays  with  maximum  flexibility.  module  documentation  is  available  only  to  organizations  that  implement  smart  display  solutions  for  commercial  internet  of  things  devices.  a  product  specialist  will  review  your  request  and  coordinate  an  implementation  path  that  meets  your  needs.  overview  a  card  edge  connector  supports  development  on  multiple  intel  processors  including  intel  atom  and  intel  core  processors  and  multiple  display  resolutions.  the  module  provides  for  future  functionality  and  supports  resolutions  up  to  8k  and
__label__interactivedisplays video  capture,  when  available.  whether  built  in  or  attached  externally,  the  flexibility  of  the  module  provides  maximum  peripheral  integration  and  highspeed  pcie  connectivity.  choose  from  either  intel  sdm  small  or  intel  sdm  large,  each  with  a  maximum  zheight  of  20  mm.  reference  design  modules  speed  time  to  market  with  three  intel  smart  display  modules  intel  sdm  reference  designs  for  the  next  generation  of  commercial  allinone  displays  and  visual  iot  devices.  partners  these  partners  are  taking  advantage  of  the  features  and  benefits  of  intel  sdm  in  their  digital  signage  solutions.  partner  product  catalog  find  reference  design  products  created  by  our  partners
__label__interactivedisplays that  use  an  intel  sdm  module.  every  product  meets  our  standards  and  includes  all  the  resources  you  need  to  leverage  in  your  efforts.  start  of  brightcove  player  by  use  of  this  code  snippet,  i  agree  to  the  brightcove  publisher  t  and  cfound  at  https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/termsandconditions/.  end  of  brightcove  player  changing  the  compute  engine  of  display  can  transform  the  product  from  entry  level  to  high  end  product  tools  to  speed  up  your  development  enhance  smart  video  systems  through  image  processing,  execution  of  common  computer  vision  routines,  video  extraction  and  tracking,  and  deeplearning  inference.  enable  fast  video  playback,  processing,  media  format  conversion,  acceleration
__label__interactivedisplays refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  much  more  than  attaching  sensors  to  things  and  controlling  them  through  the  internet.  the  concept  of  iot  holds  longterm  application  capabilities  as  our  daytoday  lives  are  influenced  by  smart  technologies  and  people  are  investing  brains  to  make  them  a  reality,  which  can  only  be  accomplished  by  iot.  here  is  an  example  that  explains  iot  use  case  for  a  logistic  company.  a  logistic  company  is  transporting  fish  long  distances  in  refrigerated  containers.  they  transport  the  fish  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays utmost  care  because  the  fish  may  spoil  if  not  handled  properly  during  the  transit.  also,  the  company  makes  an  agreement  with  the  merchant  that  if  the  fish  spoils  during  transit,  then  the  company  needs  to  compensate  the  merchant.  therefore,  the  following  parameters  are  imperative  to  avoid  greater  losses.  the  fish  needs  to  be  frozen  to  maintain  its  highest  quality.  important  to  avoid  thawing  of  frozen  fish.  to  track  the  container.  to  alert  the  company  if  the  truck  door  is  opened.  to  check  any  human  presence  in  the  container.  the  company  solved  the  problem  efficiently  using  iot  technology.  they  embedded  different
__label__interactivedisplays sensors  to  the  container,  which  collected  and  sent  data  to  the  cloud  for  analysis.  the  sensors  help  track  whether  the  temperature  and  humidity  are  under  specified  conditions,  the  container  is  travelling  the  specified  route,  the  door  is  not  opened  during  transit,  or  there  is  a  human  presence  in  the  container.  if  a  merchant  makes  any  claims  about  the  quality  of  the  fish,  the  company  will  analyze  the  data  collected  and  find  out  the  exact  reason  behind  the  spoiled  fish.  also,  the  company  will  be  updated  with  the  tracking  data  at  a  given  period  five  minutes,  two  mintues,  etc.  so  that
__label__interactivedisplays they  can  take  immediate  action  if  required.  lets  consider  that  the  company  has  not  adopted  and  iot  system.  the  company  might  suffer  huge  losses  if  a  merchant  makes  any  false  claims  by  saying  that  the  fish  is  spoiled  during  the  transit.  also,  the  company  will  not  know  if  there  were  any  changes  in  the  container  conditions  or  location.  therefore,  the  iot  system  will  promptly  help  to  address  all  of  the  discussed  problems  before  causing  any  major  damage.  the  iot  process  flow  for  this  use  case  is  as  follows:  collects  data  from  sensors  placed  in  the  container  and  sends  this  data
__label__interactivedisplays to  the  cloud.  when  cloud  receives  data  it  will  check  for  any  alerts  to  be  raised.  for  example,  if  the  container  door  is  opened  it  sends  alert  to  the  company.  using  big  data  tools,  the  data  will  be  stored.  if  a  merchant  raises  any  claims,  the  data  can  be  analyzed  to  verify  the  claim.  generation  of  reports  from  the  data.  an  iotenabled  endtoend  application  will  collect  data  from  sensors,  store  it,  analyze  it,  and  visualise  it.  the  insights  we  get  from  the  data  collected  will  help  to  improve  the  entire  system  and  process,  thereby  improving  the  systems  operations,  transparency,  profitability,
__label__interactivedisplays reach  the  peak  of  innovation  the  internet  of  things  iot  continues  to  shake  up  industries,  cities,  and  just  about  anything  that  involves  a  connected  device.  below  we  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  latest  use  cases  impacting  everything  from  how  we  buy  products  to  how  we  get  home  from  work  every  night.  according  to  a  recent  network  world  ,  the  iot  is  transforming  the  retail  industry  completely.  this  includes  beacons  in  the  form  of  small  bluetooth  devices  that  push  out  offers  and  invites  to  a  customers  smartphone.  the  messages  can  be  based  on  their  location  and  other  preferences,  including
__label__interactivedisplays previous  shopping  behavior  and  recent  purchases.  retail  management  and  operational  efficiency  is  also  getting  a  boost  from  solutions  like  smart  shelves  that  more  efficiently  manage  inventories  and  the  supply  chain,  as  well  as  smart  lighting  and  footmonitoring  software  that  analyzes  instore  traffic  to  find  areas  for  an  improved  experience.  finally,  sensors  and  artificial  intelligence  ai  that  blend  the  digital  physical  worlds  are  making  a  reality  and  creating  a  new  way  for  retail  to  engage  generation  z.  iot  technology  is  helping  create  smart  cities  around  the  world.  a  recent  innovation  enterprise  shares  one  example  from  cary,  north  carolina,  where  the  innovative
__label__interactivedisplays city  has  implemented  iot  technology  in  its  traffic  lights.  rather  than  waiting  for  someone  to  notify  workers  about  outages  and  issues,  the  new  system  detects  problems  on  its  own  as  soon  as  they  happen.  the  system  automatically  alerts  the  utility  company  and  repair  technicians  can  be  sent  out  immediately  to  fix  the  problemall  while  keeping  cars  moving  and  citizens  on  time.  the  innovation  enterprise  article  also  discusses  the  rise  of  edge  computing,  which  puts  more  processing  power  and  intelligence  into  enduser  devices  instead  of  the  cloud.  with  localized  processing  power  and  data  on  board,  iot  devices  can  perform  tasks  more
__label__interactivedisplays efficiently  at  a  lower  cost  with  less  latency  issues  related  to  network  performance.  are  you  an  iot  early  adopter?  learn  how  you  can  make  your  devices  smart,  and  your  people  even  smarter  with  todays
__label__interactivedisplays the  idea  that  ,  or  iot,  heralds  a  new  era  for  people  and  technology  is  far  beyond  theory.  the  transformations  are  already  emerging  all  around  us,  but  those  who  look  only  to  the  corporate  world  may  miss  some  of  the  most  inspiring  examples.  smart  cities  hold  some  of  the  planets  most  aweworthy  demonstrations  of  the  iots  potential.  what  should  wouldbe  insiders  stay  focused  on?  fear  not  of  missing  out,  because  davra  has  with  the  most  impact.  as  far  as  worldshaking  innovations  are  concerned,  modern  urban  spaces  are  hotbeds  of  new  ideas.  the  same  holds  true  in  connected  tech,  yet  a
__label__interactivedisplays handful  of  applications  stand  out  as  continual  trendsetters.  keeping  the  streets  bright  is  more  than  just  a  good  means  of  attracting  wellheeled  professionals  and  taxpaying  small  businesses  to  a  growing  city.  smart  lighting  contributes  to  improved  quality  of  life  in  ways  that  are  easy  to  see  and  appreciate.  daylight  harvesting  connected  lighting  helps  daylightharvesting  systems  do  better  at  their  job  of  reducing  the  need  for  electrical  power.  by  automating  processes  like  setting  brightness  levels  and  tracking  daily  use,  these  implementations  improve  a  cities  ability  to  stay  green  economically.  load  management  although  lighting  is  an  inevitable  municipal  outlay,  its  not  the
__label__interactivedisplays constant  fact  of  life  that  many  outside  observers  picture.  even  when  they  appear  to  shine  consistently,  street  lights  present  power  grid  operators  with  dynamic,  evolving  requirements.  are  ideal  for  managing  these  complex,  demanding  loads.  just  as  smart  buildings  measure  occupancy  to  decide  when  to  turn  on  room  lights,  facilities  like  municipal  vehicle  lots  can  count  cars  to  understand  their  peak  hours  and  make  the  best  use  of  site  power  during  outages.  ambiance  and  utility  improvements  smart  lighting  is  redefining  peoples  relationships  with  the  cities  they  inhabit.  municipalities  that  want  to  differentiate  themselves  from  their  neighbors  use  intelligent  lighting  to  provide
__label__interactivedisplays situationally  appropriate  streetlevel  illumination.  this  is  a  great  way  to  cultivate  a  far  more  welcoming  appearance  while  simultaneously  minimizing  waste.  with  the  aid  of  uniform,  centralized  control  dashboards,  urban  managers  can  automatically  accomplish  tasks  once  regarded  impractical  at  best.  for  instance,  programmable  lights  might  help  guide  latenight  foot  traffic  after  a  big  concert  or  maintain  improved  visibility  around  trendy  bars  following  spikes  in  street  crime.  places  like  atlanta  have  experimented  with  using  led  lights  to  .  the  modular  nature  of  iotlinked  hardware  enables  new,  exciting  control  schemes  with  the  potential  to  help  urban  living  feel  safer  and  ultimately  more  appealing
__label__interactivedisplays in  a  smart  city.  some  aspects  of  urban  management  arent  quite  as  glamorous  as  others,  but  the  internet  of  things  devices  make  these  tough  jobs  less  timeconsuming  and  errorprone.  ,  for  instance,  leaders  linked  data  from  sensorequipped  dumpsters  to  predictive  analytics  tools.  by  learning  to  anticipate  when  trash  receptacles  will  overflow  and  applying  the  knowledge  to  rethink  its  pest  control  tactics,  the  city  has  become  20  percent  more  effective  at  managing  rat  populations.  other  monitor  individual  events,  such  as  when  a  garbage  truck  lifts  a  rubbish  bin  or  visits  a  new  neighborhood.  smart  city  iot  platforms  use  such  data  to
__label__interactivedisplays refine  collection  practices,  cut  back  on  vehicle  emissions  and  improve  service  quality.  as  a  fleetdriven  industry,  waste  management  exemplifies  how  even  minor  tech  changes  can  revolutionize  a  given  field  when  applied  at  scale.  for  example,  picture  a  small  town  administrator  whose  office  routinely  finds  itself  swamped  with  complaints  from  residents  and  business  owners  whose  bins  are  overflowing.  upgrading  to  receptacles  that  use  weight  sensors  to  signal  when  they  need  emptying  could  be  a  costconscious  way  to  appease  the  locals.  getting  around  in  the  big  city  can  be  quite  the  ordeal.  does  the  internet  of  things  hold  the  promise  of  change
__label__interactivedisplays for  roadweary  commuters?  accident  awareness  and  safety  transit  benefits  immensely  when  those  at  the  helm  stay  informed  throughout  the  journey.  sadly,  traditional  disconnects  and  transportation  frameworks  havent  always  made  it  easy.  in  smart  cities,  however,  cars  that  get  into  wrecks  can  share  their  statuses  and  locations  with  authorities  instantly  via  public  networks.  in  addition  to  keeping  officials  in  the  know,  these  notifications  might  inform  other  smart  vehicles  that  they  should  slow  down.  some  smart  transit  tech  takes  accident  prevention  even  further.  embedded  sensors  that  monitor  sitespecific  conditions,  such  as  frozen  bridge  surfaces,  are  already  being  used  to  help  reroute  traffic
__label__interactivedisplays and  dispatch  fleets  of  plows  and  salt  trucks.  since  lives  hang  in  the  balance  when  road  maintenance  lags,  such  improvements  are  easy  to  justify  even  in  the  face  of  tight  budgets.  what  will  the  smart  parking  structure  of  the  future  look  like?  while  most  outward  changes  will  likely  escape  all  but  the  closest  scrutiny,  the  nervous  systems  of  modern  lots  and  garages  are  taking  huge  strides  upward  and  onward.  some  lots  interact  with  smart  vehicles  to  gather  data  on  how  many  open  spaces  they  have  available.  others  use  vehicle  feedback  to  tell  precisely  where  the  openings  are  and  nudge  waiting
__label__interactivedisplays cars  towards  the  path  of  least  resistance.  street  parking  hardware  can  perform  similar  feats  by  subtly  shepherding  motorists  away  from  overcrowding  and  even  mitigating  congestion  by  favoring  certain  parking  zones  at  specific  times.  in  many  locales,  the  environment  takes  a  back  seat  to  other  concerns.  whether  theyre  plagued  by  economic  constraints  or  a  fundamental  lack  of  foresight,  towns  and  cities  often  struggle  to  deal  with  problems  whose  origins  recede  generations  into  the  past.  the  iot  helps  paint  these  urgent  issues  in  a  clearer  focus.  for  example,  airquality  monitors  not  only  alert  people  to  dangerous  conditions  but  also  promote  public  accountability
__label__interactivedisplays by  revealing  where  the  worst  discharges  are  coming  from.  the  same  goes  for  inexpensive  water  turbidity  monitors  that  can  help  stewards  safeguard  vital  watersheds.  with  the  right  sensors  in  place,  regulators  gain  more  power  to  levy  fines  accurately  and  take  effective  cleanup  actions.  environmental  oversight  also  holds  lots  of  promise  for  indirectly  reducing  the  footprint  of  essential  municipal  activities.  cities  and  departments  can  to  heighten  traceability  and  ewaste  stream  diversion.  tracking  a  fleets  movements  to  improve  dispatching  and  fuel  consumption  can  mitigate  emissions.  in  towns  with  smaller  coffers,  sensorladen  service  vehicles  might  make  ideal  mobile  monitoring  platforms  as  we  have
__label__interactivedisplays seen.  the  steadypaced  urban  adoption  of  connected  tech  makes  practical  sense:  densely  populated  areas  stand  to  gain  the  most  from  improving  their  surroundings,  and  many  already  come  equipped  with  the  fundamental  it  infrastructures.  according  to  gartner,  will  swell  by  more  than  30  percent  in  2019,  but  organizations  without  iot  architects  may  prove  incapable  of  harnessing  the  potential.  clearly,  the  hardware  is  ready  and  willing.  the  real  question  is  whether  the  stakeholders  can  keep  up.  having  a  proven  internet  of  things  leader  onboard  goes  a  long  way.  find  out  how  the  right  iot  platform  can  make  a  smart  city  even  smarter
__label__interactivedisplays .  brian  mcglynn,  davra,  coo  davra  storms  19  mq  whose  iot  platform  wins?  what  underlies  the  iots  many  urban  victories?  these  use  cases  spell  it  all  out  your  company  owns  the  hardware  and  software  that  powers  its  connected  computing  projects.  naturally,  you  might  beli  seamless  iot  integrations  are  the  key  to  generating  highresolution,  accurate  data  that  faithfully  reflects  your  op  the  davra  iot  platform  does  all  the  work  underneath  the  surface  so  that  you  can  build  your  apps  easily.  sign  up  to  our  newsletter  for  news  and  updates  on  davra
__label__interactivedisplays at  iotsources.com,  the  team  is  continually  looking  for  use  cases  on  how  industries  and  companies  are  putting  the  iot  to  work.  the  most  exciting  use  cases  stem  from  traditional  industries  like  and  where  the  internet  of  things  is  transforming  the  way  these  industries  conduct  business.  todays  iot  use  case  spans  across  industries  and  emerges  from  what  many  would  label  a  stodgy  department  withinorganizations  workplace  safety.  the  iot  is  having  an  extraordinary  impact  on  workplace  safety  and  transforming  this  critical  internalbusiness  service.  from  wearables  and  smart  personal  protective  equipment  to  mobile  devices,  safety  leaders  are  leveraging  mobility  and  iot  to  collect
__label__interactivedisplays sensor  data  on  how  employees  are  working  and  to  analyze  this  data  to  make  changes  to  their  workplace  safety  programs.  by  leveragingthe  iot  sensor  data,  safety  professionals  can  identify  previously  unknown  safety  risks  and  take  proactive  measures  to  avoid,  minimize  or  mitigate  them  going  forward.  new  efforts  to  reduce  and  incident  reporting  while  also  reducing  risks  and  their  associated  costs.  for  example,  iot  solutions  are  being  used  to  help  identify  when  employees  are  distracted  or  drowsy  in  real  time  and  take  measures  to  prevent  injuries  before  they  happen  based  on  predictive  analytics.  these  advancements  are  particularly  useful  for  workers  performing
__label__interactivedisplays repetitive  work  or  highly  technical  work  that  requires  attention  to  detail.companies  are  making  strategic  investments  in  predictive  analytics  and  developing  partnerships  with  various  wearables  and  iot  solutions  to  ensure  environmental,  health  and  safety  professionals  leverage  all  of  this  information  to  drive  continuous  improvement  across  their  operations.  kevin  gold  is  a  b2b  media  veteran  with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  data  center,  hosting  and  internet  infrastructure  markets,  primarily  in  executive  marketing  and  communications  roles.  he  researches,  writes  about  and  provides  strategic  guidance  to  b2b  companies  on  trends  in  iot  security,  endpoints  and  applications  that  drive  business  growth.  idc
__label__interactivedisplays forecasts  global  iot  spending  at  1.2  trillion  in  just  four  more  years  china  launches  a  drone  disguised  as  a  pigeon.  car  dealerships  are  ripe  for  disruption  by  the  iot.  iot  sources  encourages  quality  earlystage  educational  content  contributions.  iot  sources  is  pleased  to  provide  highvalue  opportunities  to  iot  vendors.  .
__label__interactivedisplays the  public  sector  is  ripe  for  digital  transformation  through  the  power  of  the  internet  of  things.  as  steve  veith  wrote  earlier  about  a  major  push  for  greater  ,  u.s.federal  government  officials  have  undertaken  an  initiative  to  comprehensively  manage  connected  devices  security.  these  initiatives  and  others  like  it  focused  on  securing  the  iot,  are  paving  the  way  for  local  governments  to  aggressively  pursue  the  benefits  offered  through  the  internet  of  things.  although  many  public  sector  use  cases  of  iot  implementations  are  available,  a  recent  article  in  ,  listed  a  number  of  excellent  examples  occurring  in  the  u.k.  the  internet  of  things
__label__interactivedisplays is  truly  driving  digital  transformation  even  in  traditionally  slower  environments  like  the  public  sector.  as  security  improvements  continue  to  strengthen  and  costs  are  lowered  through  more  advanced  technologies.  the  public  sector  has  a  great  opportunity  to  harness  the  power  of  the  iot.  kevin  gold  is  a  b2b  media  veteran  with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  data  center,  hosting  and  internet  infrastructure  markets,  primarily  in  executive  marketing  and  communications  roles.  he  researches,  writes  about  and  provides  strategic  guidance  to  b2b  companies  on  trends  in  iot  security,  endpoints  and  applications  that  drive  business  growth.  idc  forecasts  global  iot  spending
__label__interactivedisplays at  1.2  trillion  in  just  four  more  years  china  launches  a  drone  disguised  as  a  pigeon.  car  dealerships  are  ripe  for  disruption  by  the  iot.  iot  sources  encourages  quality  earlystage  educational  content  contributions.  iot  sources  is  pleased  to  provide  highvalue  opportunities  to  iot  vendors.  .
__label__interactivedisplays select  page  ,  what  is  iot  and  how  is  it  used  in  education?  one  respondent  in  our  recent  survey  of  school  business  officials  described  iot  as  things  that  make  life  easier  but  can  be  a  pain  when  you  get  to  use  them  and  then  they  dont  work.  fortunately,  iot  is  more  than  just  a  sensor.  iot  in  education  is  huge.  with  iotenableddevices,  students  can  now  receive  customized  instruction,  learn  how  to  writecode  using  robots  and  complete  lessons  while  riding  home  on  wifienabled  buses.at  the  same  time,  teachers  and  staff  can  provide  realtime  feedback,  monitorstudents  progress,  and  improve  onboard  bus  safety.
__label__interactivedisplays but  beyond  learning,  iot  truly  enables  thebusiness  of  education  to  be  more  effective,  more  accountable,  more  costefficient  and  more  driven  to  create  safe  and  supportive  environments  forstudents.  the  realworld  applications  for  iot  ineducation  are  nearly  infinite.  these  are  just  a  few:  school  campus  safety  video  surveillance  school  asset  management  building  facilitymanagement  wayfinding  mass/emergency  notification  navigating  the  complex  landscape  of  iot  and  analyticstechnologies  can  be  overwhelming.  logicalis  can  help  you  understand  how  thesenew  technologies  will  affect  your  current  infrastructure,  culture  and  theoverall  business  of  education.  our  consulting  services  can  help  with  digital  transformationroadmaps  that  can  quickly  narrow  the  focus  and  facilitate
__label__interactivedisplays district  and  campuswideparticipation.  we  can  also  help  youalign  the  right  technologies  with  your  needs,  budgets  and  timelines.  learn  more  about  how  iot  can  help  you  build  a  smart  school  or  campus.  contact  us  at  or  call  1866.456.4422.  mike  trojecki  is  the  vicepresident  of  iot  and  analytics  at  logicalis  us,  responsible  for  developing  thecompanys  strategy,  partnerships,  and  execution  plan  around  digitaltechnologies.  related  share:  get  new  blog  post  alerts  delivered  to  your  inbox.  designed  by  powered  by
__label__interactivedisplays being  robust,  scalable  and  user  friendly,  thingsboard  iot  platform  supports  various  iot  use  cases  by  providing  flexible  and  powerful  outofthebox  features  to  cut  down  time  to  market  of  your  connected  products  and  smart  solutions.  the  platform  is  deviceagnostic,  so  you  can  feed  and  analyze  telemetry  data  from  any  sensor,  connected  device  or  application.  thingsboard  comprehensive  features  and  rich  platform  apis  allow  you  to  save  time  and  resources  on  routine  iot  tasks  and  concentrate  on  specific  features  of  your  iot  solution.  some  of  the  industry  use  cases  where  thingsboard  is  being  successfully  utilized  are  listed  below.  each  use  case  is  equipped
__label__interactivedisplays what  is  the  industrial  iot,  or  iiot?  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  the  use  of  connected  smart  devices  in  industrial  applications  for  purposes  such  as  automation,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  the  iiot  is  a  more  robust  version  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot  which  is  the  realm  of  connected  devices  in  commercial  and  consumer  applications.  in  industrial  iot  use  cases,  smart  devices  may  be  deployed  in  construction  vehicles,  supply  chain  robotics,  solar  and  wind  power,  agricultural  sensor  systems,  smart  irrigation,  and  more.  these  iiot  applications  tend  to  have  one  thing  in  common:  they  are  are  deployed  in
__label__interactivedisplays challenging  environments.  there  are  light  industry  iiot  use  cases  such  as  meters,  and  heavy  industry  use  cases  such  as  conveyors  used  in  the  mining  industry,  where  devices  can  be  subject  to  a  wide  range  of  environmental  factors,  from  extreme  heat  and  cold  to  moisture  and  vibration.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  deploying  smart  machines  to  capture  and  move  data,  sense  changes  in  temperature,  flow  or  volume,  automate  procedures  for  efficiency,  accuracy  and  safety,  deliver  data  into  the  right  hands  for  analysis  and  decision  making,  and  ensure  that  all  of  those  processes  happen  on  time,  reliably  and  securely.  clicktotweet
__label__interactivedisplays embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  the  use  of  smart  devices  has  rapidly  expanded,  and  today  with  the  enormous  growth  of  the  iot  and  iiot  trends  its  hard  to  find  an  industry  that  is  untouched  by  this  phenomenon.  this  leads  to  a  few  questions:  the  answer  to  the  first  question  is  that  the  iot  and  iiot  are  responding  to  inefficiencies,  lost  revenue,  and  a  need  for  organizations  to  work  smarter,  not  harder.  automation  can  create  unprecedented  improvements  and  efficiencies  that  simply  arent  possible  with  a  human  workforce.  this  is  not  to  say  that  humans  arent  necessary.  on  the  contrary,
__label__interactivedisplays engineers,  application  developers,  data  scientists  and  workers  from  every  walk  of  life  are  needed  to  put  these  solutions  in  place  and  make  use  of  them.  as  a  simple  example,  consider  the  farm  worker  who  previously  had  to  drive  from  one  remote  corner  of  acreage  to  the  other  to  ensure  watering  systems  or  frost  fans  were  turned  on  at  the  correct  time.  today,  that  worker  can  check  on  systems  from  a  laptop,  ensure  everything  is  working  correctly  and  travel  only  to  the  location  that  actually  needs  servicing.  if  a  center  pivot  irrigation  system  has  rolled  off  course,  for  example,  the  worker
__label__interactivedisplays can  use  gps  to  quickly  identify  its  location  and  then  ensure  that  it  is  returned  to  the  correct  position.  in  other  words,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  improving  efficiency  and  accuracy  while  reducing  cost.  that  leads  to  an  answer  to  the  second  question.  the  impact  of  the  iiot  on  workers  and  jobs  is  that  it  makes  them  more  efficient  and  improves  productivity.  it  also  reduces  busy  work  and  the  likelihood  of  errors  in  tasks  such  as  data  logging,  that  are  better  handled  by  a  smart  device.  automated  sensing  and  data  gathering  from  dangerous  and  difficulttoreach  places  even  reduces
__label__interactivedisplays risk  to  human  lives.  and  it  gets  the  right  data  to  the  right  place  for  evaluation  sooner.  when  an  employee  can  get  a  smart  phone  alert  that  a  tank  is  low  or  a  piece  of  equipment  needs  maintenance,  that  improves  the  likelihood  that  problems  can  be  solved  early,  before  they  become  more  expensive  or  catastrophic.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  get  insight  into  how  commercial  and  industrial  enterprises  use  iot  is  through  the  many  example  iiot  applications.  lets  take  a  spin  through  a  few  of  them.  predictive  maintenance  applications  seek  to  identify  when  a  critical  business  process  or  piece
__label__interactivedisplays of  equipment  is  at  risk  of  failure,  so  proactive  and  preventive  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  to  fix  problems  in  advance  and  thwart  downtime.  traditional  methods  can  be  very  expensive  and  workers  can  inadvertently  miss  indicators  that  equipment  is  experiencing  problems.  in  many  cases,  technicians  and  maintenance  workers  have  traditionally  had  to  travel  to  remote  sites  to  perform  manual  checks,  only  to  have  to  make  another  trip  with  a  work  order,  replacement  parts  or  batteries.  getting  an  alert  that  a  problem  is  developing  makes  it  possible  troubleshoot  and  fix  an  issue  with  one  truck  roll,  often  before  the  end  customer  is
__label__interactivedisplays even  aware  of  the  problem.  the  result  is  improved  maintenance  practices,  reduced  costs  and  enhanced  customer  satisfaction.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  iiot  predictive  maintenance  applications  across  industries.  in  the  following  predictive  maintenance  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  equipment  in  a  grain  elevator  and  sends  it  to  an  industrial  router,  which  then  delivers  that  data  to  cloudbased  applications  for  visibility  and  further  processing.  if  the  data  indicate  certain  conditions,  a  technician  can  see  that  in  online  application,  or  receive  alerts  from  an  application  such  as  digi  remote  manager.  the  technician  can  workthrough  a  troubleshooting  process  remotely  or
__label__interactivedisplays send  personnel  to  the  site  to  perform  the  required  maintenance.  remote  monitoring  is  at  the  center  of  many  industrial  applications,  because  it  is  traditionally  inefficient,  expensive  and  often  challenging  or  risky  to  keep  tabs  on  what  is  happening  with  equipment  out  in  the  field.  equipment  that  requires  monitoring  can  be  located  at  remote  outposts,  on  the  top  of  street  lighting,  inside  a  well  or  deep  in  a  mine,  making  it  not  only  impractical  to  regularly  monitor  that  asset,  but  also  expensive  and  risky.  the  following  are  just  some  of  the  many  examples  of  remote  monitoring  in  industrial  applications.  in  this
__label__interactivedisplays remote  monitoring  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  an  industrial  tank  and  routes  it  through  an  embedded  processor  to  cloudbased  applications  for  monitoring,  alerts  and  adjustments.  automating  processes  that  would  otherwise  require  human  intervention,  truck  rolls,  or  inefficient  manual  labor  is  another  common  reason  for  deploying  connected  applications  in  the  industrial  space.  the  range  of  use  cases  is  vast,  but  the  reasons  for  putting  these  industrial  internet  of  things  processes  in  place  again  come  down  to  a  few  key  driving  factors:  efficiency,  cost  reduction  and  reduced  risk.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  automation  in  the  iiot.  in  the
__label__interactivedisplays following  process  automation  example,  soil  sensors  collect  data,  which  is  routed  by  a  digi  xbee  module  with  micropython  to  a  digi  xbee  industrial  gateway,  and  then  to  cloudbased  remote  monitoring  and  control  applications.  one  of  these  applications  automatically  launches  processes,  while  another  allows  network  managers  or  administrators  to  ensure  all  devices  and  processes  are  working  as  expected.launches  there  are  many  things  to  consider  when  evaluating  the  right  devices  and  setup  for  your  industrial  iot  application.  these  include  questions  around  the  distance  over  which  your  iiot  devices  will  need  to  transmit  data  as  well  as  the  frequency  of  data  submission,  whether
__label__interactivedisplays rf  or  cellular  technology  is  appropriate  for  your  application,  and  many  other  decisions  that  impact  the  overall  planning,  deployment,  scalability  and  management  of  your  project  and  that  ultimately  affect  your  total  cost  of  ownership.  we  will  cover  a  few  of  the  things  to  consideras  you  prepare  to  design,  build  out  and  deploy  your  project.  if  you  have  questions  or  are  ready  to  evaluate  solutions,  digi  team  members  can  partner  with  you  to  perform  a  full  evaluation  of  your  application  needs.  and  digi  design  and  engineering  teams  are  also  available  for  any  level  of  support  in  developing  your  iiot  appliation.  to
__label__interactivedisplays start  that  conversation.  .  if  you  develop  a  product  for  an  application  such  as  a  city  bicycle  ride  share  service,  for  example,  the  application  may  not  technically  be  considered  an  industrial  application,  but  its  requirements  are  similar  as  it  will  need  to  be  able  to  handle  jarring  movement,  temperature  changes  and  moisture.  some  types  of  devices  can  handle  challenging  environmental  factors,  and  some  are  less  suitable.  so  it  is  critical  to  evaluate  the  robustness  of  a  product  and  whether  it  is  designed  for  the  intended  application.  there  are  many  lowcost  modules  that  are  excellent  for  rapid  prototyping  and  for  student
__label__interactivedisplays projects,  such  as  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  attractive  cost  is  a  good  reason  to  use  these  products  in  initial  phases.  but  you  will  want  an  industrialrated  product  designed  for  longterm  viability  in  demanding  environments  when  seeking  products  that  are  suitable  for  iiot  applications.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  some  of  the  factors  to  evaluate  in  a  product  include:  starting  with  a  prototyping  tool  is  a  great  way  to  prove  a  concept;  but  when  you  are  ready  to  go  the  field  with  deployed  devices,  be  sure  to  select  industrial  rated  devices.  traditional  maintenance  methods  of  sending  a
__label__interactivedisplays truck  out  to  the  field  to  monitor  or  manage  equipment  quickly  becomes  impractical  and  costly  when  you  have  dozens,  or  hundreds,  or  even  thousands  of  devices  to  maintain.  just  like  your  cell  phone,  which  has  firmware  upgrades  that  are  pushed  out  it  regularly,  devices  have  firmware  updates  and  security  patches  that  must  be  sent  to  each  of  the  devices  in  your  iiot  network  to  keep  those  devices  uptodate  and  secure.  a  remote  management  solution  allows  you  to  send  bug  fixes  and  feature  enhancements  to  all  of  your  devices  in  the  field,  regardless  of  the  size  of  your  network.  to  implement
__label__interactivedisplays a  remote  management  strategy,  look  for  a  solution  thatwill  enable  you  to  perform  remote  firmware  upgrades,  device  connectivity,  and  remote  diagnostics  from  anywhere,  using  a  smart  device.  for  example,  is  a  cloudbased  solution  that  provides  these  capabilities  and  more,  enabling  you  to  set  alerts  for  a  range  of  conditions,  download  files,  and  automatically  monitor  device  configurations  and  reset  them  to  the  correct  version  in  the  event  of  tampering.  putting  a  remote  management  systemin  place  is  highly  economical  compared  with  the  cost  of  sending  a  bucket  truck  to  manually  upgrade  the  firmware  on  a  device  mounted  on  a  sign  or  street
__label__interactivedisplays light,  and  enables  your  network  manager  to  keep  tabs  on  all  of  devices,  regardless  of  how  many  devices  you  have  in  your  network  or  where  they  are  in  the  world.  the  evaluation  and  decision  making  that  go  into  the  development  and  deployment  of  an  iiot  application  can  be  daunting.  digi  can  support  your  quest  to  identify  the  right  solution  for  your  needs  at  any  point  along  the  way,  from  initial  project  scoping  to  complete  engineering  and  certification  services.  whether  you  want  to  demonstrate  the  roi  of  a  new  product  or  need  to  meet  a  strict  deadline  for  compliance  or  market
__label__interactivedisplays pressures,  digi  can  partner  with  you  to  achieve  those  goals.  time  to  market  can  be  especially  critical  when  there  is  a  shortlived  window  of  opportunity  to  get  ahead  of  competition.  working  with  a  company  that  has  proven  professional  consulting  and  engineering  support  not  only  gives  you  the  assurance  that  you  can  meet  deadlines  and  launch  dates,  but  also  helps  you  complete  design  reviews  and  get  certification  assistance  when  your  resources  stretched  thin.  to  evaluate  options.  comments  are  closed.
__label__interactivedisplays some  of  the  worlds  top  companies  rely  on  intrinsic  id  technology  to  secure  connected  products.  you  can  find  our  security  technology  in  mobile  devices,  industrial  iot,  smart  cards  and  consumer  electronics.  below  are  just  a  few  of  the  markets  where  intrinsic  id  technology  has  been  used  for  realworld  applications.  billions  of  devices  are  being  connected  to  the  internet  of  things  iot,  while  the  number  of  attacks  on  these  devices  is  increasing  rapidly.  in  2017  altman  vilandrie  company  showed  that  half  the  u.s.  firms  in  the  iot  market  were  attacked,  and  the  liability  in  some  cases  was  more  than  20  million.
__label__interactivedisplays if  data  is  considered  the  currency  of  the  iot,  that  currency  has  value  only  if  the  data  comes  from  a  trustworthy  source  and  is  untampered.  data  integrity  has  a  direct  impact  on  business  and  infrastructure.  to  reduce  the  number  of  attacks,  we  need  to  look  at  embedded  microcontrollers  mcu,  the  orchestrating  components  in  all  these  devices.  mcus  need  to  the  time  when  a  sensor  needed  only  to  sense  is  behind  us.  with  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  sensors  are  part  of  a  connected  network.  as  sensor  data  is  transported  from  its  source  to  where  decisions  are  made,
__label__interactivedisplays it  must  be  secured  not  a  trivial  task,  given  that  iot  devices  are  in  the  field  and  are  rarely  physically  protected.  using  sram  puf  technology  to  create  a  unique  and  unclonable  identity  for  every  sensor  provides  the  basis  for  strong  authentication  and  encryption.  device  connectivity  has  an  increasing  impact  on  the  medical  industry.  besides  convenience  for  caretakers,  this  also  leads  to  risks  of  cyber  attacks,  which  was  evident  when  the  fda  recalled  500  thousand  internetconnected  pacemakers  for  fears  over  hacking.  while  more  equipment  is  being  connected  to  various  networks,  consumables  like  catheters  and  body  sensors  are  also  wirelessly  connected  to
__label__interactivedisplays medical  equipment.  clearly,  medical  equipment  needs  to  be  safe  from  cyber  attacks,  guarantee  privacy  of  the  patient,  and  keep  costs,  liability  and  risks  for  the  device  maker  low.  billions  of  devices  are  being  connected  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  through  many  different  connectivity  standards,  such  as  lora,  sigfox  and  cellular  connections  nbiot/ltem/4g/5g.  one  thing  these  standards  have  in  common  is  that  they  were  not  developed  with  data  security  in  mind.  for  example,  cellular  iot,  with  sim  as  its  standard  for  security,  does  not  protect  data  during  transmission.  sim  protects  the  interests  of  the  network  operators,  not  those  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays users.  it  authenticates  devices  to  a  network  and  connections  are  encrypted,  but  this  protection  ends  as  soon  as  the  data  arrives  at  the  first  cell  tower.  after  that,  unprotected  iot  data  still  has  a  long  way  to  go  to  its  destination.  with  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  industry  4.0,  factories  and  critical  infrastructures  are  becoming  connected  networks.  processes  are  remotely  monitored  through  sensing  and  connectivity  solutions,  allowing  for  greater  control,  powering  predictive  analytics  and  optimizing  throughput,  leading  to  a  higher  return  on  investment.  but  when  processes  rely  on  the  integrity  of  connected  sensors  and  their  data,
__label__interactivedisplays strong  security  becomes  indispensable.  sensitive  data  is  transported  on  connected  networks,  which  must  be  kept  safe  from  eavesdropping  and  alteration.  herein  we  discuss  how  data  should  be  protected  from  iot  device  to  the  cloud.
__label__interactivedisplays ,  now  its  time  for  10  iot  solutions  for  smart  city  that  will  revolutionize  every  city.  smart  parking  theres  a  lot  of  ways  to  implement  smart  parking  solutions  in  a  city.lets  start  with  the  most  common  way  of  informing  drivers  on  the  number  of  free  parking  spots.  measuring  the  number  of  cars  entering  the  zone  and  exiting  it.  this  isnt  100  correct  and  doesnt  show  directly  where  the  free  spot  is.  furthermore,  another  way  of  dealing  with  parking  in  a  city  is  by  placing  sensors  on  a  ground  that  can  read  realtime  whether  the  place  is  taken  or  not.  those
__label__interactivedisplays data  can  be  also  available  to  drivers  via  app  or  a  board.last  but  not  least,  some  cities  use  the  same  method  as  google  maps  to  gather  informations  about  free  parking  spots.  for  that  they  use  a  car  with  a  camera  that  gathers  all  necessary  informations.in  addition,  they  instantly  check  if  cars  that  are  parked  have  paid  for  their  spot  from  a  license  plate.  intelligent  transport  system  its  the  second  iot  solution  for  smart  city  is  its.  it  is  definitely  one  of  the  most  important  cases  for  smart  cities.  first  of  all,  intelligent  transport  system  collects  different  types  of  data  about
__label__interactivedisplays traffic,  car  crushes  etc.  because  of  that,  cities  can  manage  traffic  lights  and  optimize  density  of  cars  on  the  roads.  moreover,  its  especially  important  in  big  cities  that  struggle  with  huge  traffics.  those  smart  solutions  can  change  the  length  of  green  and  red  lights  in  order  to  minimize  the  traffic  jam.  they  use  different  types  of  sensors  a  cameras  to  collect  data,  predict  an  event  and  prevent  it.  as  a  result,  some  cities  that  are  bikefocused  can  use  its  to  optimize  the  city  for  bikers  instead  of  drivers.  smart  waste  management  theres  a  lot  of  different  iot  solutions  for  smart
__label__interactivedisplays city,  but  this  one  is  unfortunately  not  so  popular.  the  usual  way  of  managing  waste  in  a  city  is  not  very  efficient.  usually,  operators  empty  bins  accordingly  to  a  strict  schedule.  as  a  result,  this  leads  to  an  extra  fuel  consumption  and  operators  finding  bins  only  halffull  or  even  empty.  on  the  other  hand,  some  of  them  are  overloaded  and  dont  fit  inside  a  bin  anymore.  for  instance,  a  very  smart  way  of  managing  this  issue  is  by  installing  bin  sensors  inside  the  bins  that  inform  operators  on  the  filling  degree  of  a  container.  moreover,  those  data  can  be  later
__label__interactivedisplays used  to  optimize  the  route  and  maximize  the  efficiency  of  a  single  truck.  public  transport  internet  of  things  has  a  lot  of  different  solutions  for  public  transport.  for  example,  it  can  be  used  to  inform  passengers  waiting  on  a  bus  stop  on  the  localization  of  the  bus  theyre  waiting  for.  moreover,  transporter  can  use  iot  to  collect  data  and  use  them  to  add  extra  buses  on  certain  routes  during  hours  when  the  bus  is  overloaded.  theres  also  a  lot  of  smart  apps  that  allow  checking  the  bus  schedule  and  buy  tickets.  future  of  public  transport  can  look  a  lot  more
__label__interactivedisplays like  uber.  its  very  likely  that  soon  well  be  sending  an  information  about  a  pick  up  from  a  certain  bus  stop  via  app  and  a  bus  driver  will  get  an  information  to  stop  there  or  even  change  the  route  to  pick  us  up.  thats  only  a  matter  of  time  before  changes  like  that  start  happening.  smart  tourism  with  a  little  bit  of  help  from  technology  we  can  create  a  whole  new  tourist  experience  in  a  city.  one  of  the  most  popular  solution  is  using  beacons  to  send  tourist  informations  in  a  form  of  push  notifications  on  a  phone,  an  earpiece
__label__interactivedisplays etc.  they  can  be  used  instead  of  traditional  boards  displaying  informations  or  even  as  a  smart  guide.  for  example,  some  museums  are  using  this  iot  solution  instead  of  hiring  a  team  of  guides.  its  interesting  for  visitors  and  in  a  long  term  cheaper  than  having  more  employees.  but  its  not  only  about  beacons,  theres  many  ways  to  improve  tourism  in  a  city  using  internet  of  things.  it  can  be  in  a  form  of  various  apps,  interactive  displays  and  many  more.  environment  measuring  air  pollution  in  one  of  the  most  important  aspects  of  a  smart  city.  thats  why  many  cities  implement
__label__interactivedisplays smart  air  sensors  that  create  a  pollution  heat  map  of  a  city.  collecting  those  informations  is  a  beginning  for  minimizing  those  numbers.  because  of  an  increasing  issue  of  an  air  pollution,  cities  need  to  limit  the  number  of  cars  entering  the  center.  thats  also  the  reason  why  so  many  cities  ban  some  cars  from  driving  around  the  center  of  a  city.  park  ride  is  a  great  way  to  encourage  citizens  to  use  public  transport.  drivers  leave  their  cars  at  parkings  and  use  public  transport  to  get  to  the  center.  in  exchange  for  leaving  their  cars  they  can  get  a  lot
__label__interactivedisplays of  different  discounts  or  even  a  free  public  transportation.  of  course  its  not  only  about  air  pollution,  therere  also  sensors  that  can  monitor  water  quality  and  many  more.  smart  lighting  iot  lighting  systems  allow  maximizing  the  efficiency  of  streetlights.  connecting  all  of  the  lights  in  one  system  creates  many  new  possibilities.  you  can  control  which  lights  are  turned  on  or  off,  which  one  is  brighter  than  the  other  ones  etc.  they  can  even  react  for  the  traffic  by  themselves  and  light  up  when  the  cars  are  coming.  theres  also  another  huge  advantage  of  smart  lighting  system.  because  theyre  connected,  you
__label__interactivedisplays can  see  what  their  status  is  and  be  informed  right  away  if  one  of  them  is  broken.  those  are  extremely  costeffective  iot  solutions  for  smart  city  since  no  one  had  to  drive  around  the  city  checking  if  all  the  lights  are  working.  carsharing  due  to  environment  issue,  there  is  an  increasing  demand  for  ecofriendly  cars.  unfortunately  theyre  still  very  expensive  and  not  everyone  has  a  car  that  can  enter  the  center  of  a  city.  luckily,  companies  like  allow  us  to  rent  a  car  for  a  short  period  of  time.  you  can  rent  a  car  even  just  for  a  few  minutes
__label__interactivedisplays and  leave  it  whenever  you  want  to.  its  a  great  way  for  people  who  dont  own  a  car  on  their  own  but  have  a  driving  license  that  allows  them  to  drive  a  car.  as  a  result,  cities  can  limit  the  number  of  cars  on  the  roads  and  decrease  air  pollution.  ridesharing  even  though,  it  usually  involves  longer  drives  than  the  ones  across  the  town,  i  think  ridesharing  is  also  worth  mentioning  here.  is  a  very  well  known  app  that  allows  drivers  to  inform  others  about  their  trip  and  offer  a  ride  in  exchange  for  a  small  fee.  this  is  a
__label__interactivedisplays great  way  to  encourage  people  to  use  the  maximum  of  the  space  in  their  cars.  this  can  help  maximizing  the  usage  of  a  single  car.  scooters,  bikes  and  bicycles  last  but  not  least,  we  have  one  of  the  most  exciting  and  fun  solutions.  theyre  very  popular  in  many  cities  and  thats  more  important  ecofriendly.  they  encourage  citizens  to  use  bikes  or  scooters  instead  of  driving  a  car.  moreover,  its  a  great  way  to  show  people  how  shared  goods  work.  one  of  less  popular  but  still  pretty  successful  iot  solutions  for  smart  city  is  bicycles  sharing.  just  like  carsharing,  you  can
__label__interactivedisplays use  a  bicycle  as  long  as  you  need  to  and  leave  it  for  others  to  use  it  after  you.  theres  a  lot  of  different  iot  solutions  for  smart  city  and  its  not  difficult  to  name  them.  whats  important  is  to  focus  in  implementing  those  solutions  in  real  life  and  help  cities  grow  in  an  ecofriendly  way.  im  a  university  graduate  from  innovation  and  public  zone  management  branding  speciality.  i  have  high  level  both  english  and  management  skills.  moreover,  im  ambitious  and  hope  to  start  my  own  company  one  day.  boosthigh  gives  me  an  opportunity  to  evolve  and  make  an  impact
__label__interactivedisplays we,  as  humans  acquire  and  assess  knowledge.  with  the  intention  to  polish  that  knowledge  further,  we  require  education.  in  the  modern  society,  education  plays  the  most  vital  role.  why?  as  it  reinforces  our  ability  to  read,  write  and  express  ourselves.  it  also  helps  us  in  sharing  our  ideas,  exchanging  thoughts  and  interacting  with  people  from  distinct  walks  of  life.  knowledge  and  iot  have  a  direct  impact  in  the  evolution  of  human  beings  along  with  the  world  we  live  in  currently.  education  has  been  developed  by  significant  measures  over  the  past  few  years.  the  term  education  is  not  only  limited  to
__label__interactivedisplays text  books,  but  also  is  connected  to  the  environment  from  where  a  child/individual  is  getting  education  from.  technology  has  helped  tremendously  in  elevating  the  quality  and  ambience  of  learning.  it  is  the  technology  that  has  introduced  the  digital  form  of  reading  and  has  helped  in  the  successful  implementation  digital  books  in  the  classrooms.  technology  and  learning  have  made  headway  for  the  betterment  of  the  education  sector.  hence,  technology,  in  education  acts  as  a  catalyst  for  learning.  in  2009,  california  passed  a  law  requiring  that  all  college  textbooks  be  available  in  electronic  form  by  2020;  in  2011,  florida  lawmakers  passed  legislation
__label__interactivedisplays requiring  public  schools  to  convert  their  textbooks  to  digital  versions.  technology  is  a  huge  concept  in  itself.  one  of  the  most  impactful  aspects  of  technology  is  iot.  it  is  the  internet  of  things.  iot  is  the  extension  of  the  internet  connectivity  into  physical  devices  and  everyday  objects.  this  entire  system  concept  is  dotted  with  effective  forms  of  hardware,  electronics  and  internet  connectivity.  with  the  unbending  support  of  iot,  the  education  sector  has  noticeably  climbed  the  ladder  of  ascending  success.  if  you  are  a  principal  and  want  to  level  up  your  institute,  then  explore  the  iot  applications  in  education  one  by
__label__interactivedisplays one:  the  times  have  changed.  the  current  day  students  enjoy  smart  boards  way  more  than  black  boards.  smart  boards  are  interactive  white  boards  that  projects  subject  images.  it  enables  the  teachers  and  students  to  interact  with  it.  how?  by  simply  writing  on  it  or  moving  it  around  the  class.  it  is  much  more  fun  and  exciting  than  it  is  seems  at  the  moment.  it  is  common  to  think  whether  smart  boards  have  the  ability  to  replace  black  boards  in  all  means  or  not.  the  answer  is  yes.  words  and  illustrated  figures  on  a  black  board  or  text  books,  fall  short
__label__interactivedisplays at  times  to  express  the  concept  of  a  lesson  in  minute  ways.  perception  clashes  become  common  and  hence  the  classroom  ends  up  in  a  pool  of  confusion.  here,  applications  of  iot  in  education  have  managed  to  make  education  and  the  exchange  of  information  simple,  interesting  and  interactive.  with  smart  boards,  a  teacher  can  take  a  sigh  of  relief.  info  graphics,  tutorial  videos  and  complex  formulae,  be  it  for  any  subject  and  especially  of  mathematics,  could  be  solved  in  shorter  time  frames.  different  education  institutes  have  different  set  of  rules.  some  believe  that  a  certain  percentage  of  student  attendance  is  mandatory
__label__interactivedisplays for  allowing  them  to  take  the  examination.  with  iot,  the  management  can  pull  out  accurate  data  of  attendance.  that  data  remains  free  from  human  error.  safety  and  quality  of  life  through  real  time  location  of  hostel  living  students  could  also  be  traced.  for  the  management,  it  gets  frustrating  to  calculate  the  attendance  at  times.  with  iot  based  attendance  system,  calculating  student  attendance  and  generating  regularity,  punctuality  and  personality  reports  becomes  effortless.  the  amount  of  time  it  saves  will  have  a  tremendous  effect  on  employee  satisfaction  working  for  the  institute.  additionally,  with  the  intention  to  make  students  more  regular  to  the
__label__interactivedisplays classes,  iot  in  education  made  sure  to  digitally  register  the  students  attendance.  if  the  student  is  missing  anyhow  from  the  institute,  a  quick  electronic  message  will  go  to  the  parents.  this  is  quite  a  laudable  measure  of  safety  that  has  been  taken.  also  read:  emergency  indicators,  audio  enhancers,  wifi  clocks  and  hearing  impaired  notifications  are  tangible  forms  that  generate  security.  in  any  case  there  is  a  short  circuit  in  the  institute,  the  will  immediately  detect  it  and  will  send  out  an  instant  alert  to  reverse  the  situation.  in  case  someone  will  get  stuck  in  the  lift,  then  also  an  automated
__label__interactivedisplays real  time  alert  will  be  sent.  on  an  environmental  note,  the  significant  impact  of  globalization  could  be  seen  in  several  forms  on  earth.  the  chances  of  earthquakes,  sudden  and  fatal  weather  changes  have  become  common.  this  is  the  reason  why  schools  and  other  institutes  of  education  are  investing  in  iot  sensors  and  meters  in  order  to  call  it  a  day  or  a  holiday  if  any  danger  of  a  natural  calamity  gets  detected.  few  years  back  from  the  current  time,  it  was  exceptionally  difficult  for  the  disabled  children  to  learn  and  reflect  new  things.  with  the  modern  technological  designs,  learning  new
__label__interactivedisplays things  and  performing  just  like  any  other  abled  student  has  become  possible.  there  is  a  part  of  population  that  has  challenges  to  the  sense  of  hearing.  they  can  seek  help  from  a  system  of  connected  gloves  and  a  tablet  to  generate  verbal  speech,  translated  from  sign  language.  its  excellence  in  converting  sound  into  written  language  is  noteworthy.  the  world  of  disabled  children  is  brighter  just  because  iot  devices  have  taken  the  initiatives  to  provide  educational  assistance  to  the  disabled  children  in  a  constructive  way.  this  channelizes  their  intelligence  and  passion  insignificant  achievements.  there  must  be  a  limit  to  the  gadget
__label__interactivedisplays usage  of  the  millennial  students.  but,  unfortunately,  the  lives  of  these  modern  students  seem  to  revolve  around  smartphones,  tablet  and  other  screen  oriented  electronics.  have  wonderfully  shifted  this  excess  focus  on  gadgets  for  gaming  and  social  networking  to  educational  themes.  now,  connecting  to  individuals  across  the  globe  having  similar  goals  and  interests  is  now  effortless.  the  sensors  of  the  internet  of  things  in  education  collect  data  and  automatically  suggest  academic  topics  of  interest  to  the  students  sitting  on  the  other  side  of  the  screen.  smartphones  and  tablet  usage  has  been  made  beneficial  for  the  students  grade  almost  overnight.  technology  can
__label__interactivedisplays improve  education  more  than  hiring  and  spending  on  new  staff  for  teaching  services.  there  are  several  teachers  and  students  who  require  technological  support  to  unleash  the  talent  they  have  in  the  field  of  education.  iot  solutions  for  education,  understand  this  and  have  come  up  with  answers  to  enhance  the  quality  of  education  across  the  globe.  the  scope  that  was  once  enjoyed  by  the  healthy  students  is  now  equally  distributed  to  the  disabled  students  as  well.  the  simplified  expression  of  complex  formulas,  concept  and  theories  is  now  a  clear  possibility.  classroom  studies  have  now  become  fun,  interesting  and  interactive.  the  iot
__label__interactivedisplays devices  have  actually  managed  to  wonderfully  balance  modern  day  education  in  ways  that  ultimately  uplift  the  global  society  as  a  whole.  education  was  never  this  accessible  and  interactive  before.  iot  in  education  is  the  future  of  academics  in  a  gist.  want  to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?  curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__interactivedisplays 2018  saw  the  fourth  year  of  drought  and  the  worst  in  recorded  history  for  the  city  of  cape  town,  south  africa.  day  zero  was  a  term  coined  by  the  city  for  the  day  when  they  would  have  to  turn  the  water  off  for  citizens.  fortunately,  day  zero  was  never  realized,  and  cape  town  didnt  go  down  in  history  as  the  first  major  city  to  run  out  of  water.  water  restrictions  and  augmentation  plans  alleviated  the  crisis  until  rainfall  returned  to  the  city,  however,  the  city  remains  sensitive  to  water  crises.  citizen  behaviour  must  permanently  change  in  order  to  use  water
__label__interactivedisplays in  a  sustainable  manner.  aws  presented  this  session  at  the  aws  summit  in  cape  town  where  i  met  the  cto  of  a  company  called  apex  innovation  who  are  now  registered  aws  partners.  apex  innovation  has  commercialized  the  entire  architecture  above.  they  spent  time  resolving  the  problem  of  using  a  halleffect  sensor  in  a  commercial  use  case.  hall  effect  sensors  are  susceptible  to  a  phenomenon  called  pulse  drift  which  produces  inaccurate  pulse  counts  over  time,  rendering  the  water  flow  measurement  inaccurate.  apex  innovation  has  many  installations  of  this  solution  in  commercial  buildings  across  the  continent  and  is  working  with  city  municipalities
__label__interactivedisplays for  large  scale  installations  of  more  than  50,000  units  to  assist  municipalities  with  accurate  water  consumption  data.  in  this  blog  post,  i  share  an  aws  iot  water  solution  that  provides  realtime  water  consumption  information  to  home  owners.  the  information  can  be  used  to  encourage  a  change  in  consumption  behavior  to  help  the  city  conserve  water.  this  solution  uses  aws  iot  core,  amazon  kinesis  data  firehose,  amazon  s3,  aws  lambda,  amazon  dynamodb  and  an  ios  application  to  create  a  realtime  water  consumption  application.  the  diagram  illustrates  how  simple  it  is  to  design  a  realtime  water  consumption  application.  i  will  delve  into
__label__interactivedisplays more  detail  of  each  component  in  the  diagram  in  the  sections  below.  i  installed  a  for  11.19  on  the  water  mains  supply  line  into  my  house.  as  the  water  flows  through  the  sensor,  it  turns  a  cog.  as  the  cog  turns,  it  passes  over  a  coil.  each  pass  produces  an  electrical  pulse.  by  counting  the  pulses  in  a  given  time  period  and  factoring  the  diameter  of  the  pipe  its  possible  calculate  the  volume  of  water  flowing  through  the  sensor.  these  photos  show  the  installation  of  the  water  flow  sensor  on  the  main  water  supply.  each  pulse  is  sent  to  a
__label__interactivedisplays microcontroller  board,  which  is  similar  to  the  .  pulses  are  counted  over  a  period  of  one  minute.  the  volume  is  calculated  and  sent  to  for  processing.  before  any  communication  can  take  place  between  the  aws  hex  board  and  aws  iot  core,  you  must  register  the  aws  hex  board  as  a  thing.  a  javascript  method  running  on  the  microcontroller  board:  the  timer  method  stores  the  number  of  pulses  received  in  the  last  minute.  every  minute,  the  flow  is  calculated  by  factoring  the  flow  rate  for  1l  per  minute,  which  for  this  size  sensor  is  a  factor  of  4.5.  divide  that  by
__label__interactivedisplays 60  to  calculate  the  liters  per  minute,  as  follows:  pulse  count  /  4.5  /  60  here  is  the  source  code  for  the  timer  function  and  helper  functions:  because  you  configure  most  of  this  solution  in  aws  iot  core,  here  is  some  background  about  the  registry,  aws  iot  policies,  and  x.509  certificates.  the  registry  allows  you  to  keep  a  record  of  all  of  the  devices  that  are  registered  to  your  aws  iot  account.  it  tracks  metadata,  such  as  device  attributes  and  capabilities.  in  the  case  of  the  example  used  in  this  post,  the  registry  supports  metadata  that  describes  whether  a  sensor
__label__interactivedisplays reports  temperature  and  if  the  data  is  fahrenheit  or  celsius.  the  registry  assigns  a  unique  identity  to  each  device  that  is  consistently  formatted,  regardless  of  the  device  type  or  the  way  the  device  connects.  for  more  information,  see  in  the  aws  iot  core  developer  guide.  x.509  certificates  are  used  to  authenticate  your  device  with  aws  iot  core.  aws  iot  core  policies  are  used  to  authorize  your  device  to  perform  operations,  such  as  subscribing  or  publishing  to  mqtt  topics.  your  device  presents  its  certificate  when  it  sends  messages  to  aws  iot  core.  to  allow  your  device  to  perform  operations,  you  must
__label__interactivedisplays create  an  aws  iot  policy  and  attach  it  to  your  device  certificate.  for  more  information,  see  in  the  aws  iot  core  developer  guide.  a  device  must  have  a  x.509  certificate,  private  key,  and  root  ca  certificate  to  authenticate  with  aws  iot  core.  aws  recommends  that  you  also  attach  the  device  certificate  to  the  thing  that  represents  your  device  in  aws  iot  core.  this  way  you  can  create  aws  iot  core  policies  that  grant  permissions  based  on  certificates  attached  to  your  things.  for  more  information,  see  in  the  aws  iot  core  developer  guide.  incoming  messages  from  the  thing  are  sent  to
__label__interactivedisplays an  aws  iot  topic  configured  for  the  thing.  subscribes  to  the  topic  to  send  every  message  to  amazon  s3  for  longterm  durable  storage.  when  the  message  is  received  in  ,  an  s3  event  triggers  an  aws  lambda  function  that  writes  a  copy  of  the  message  into  amazon  dynamodb,  where  analysis  and  visualization  is  performed.  after  the  raw  message  has  been  copied  to  amazon  dynamodb,  the  message  is  archived  in  to  reduce  storage  costs.  data  from  the  thing  is  sent  in  json  format  for  ease  of  use  with  applications.  the  timestamp  is  important  for  the  downstream  applications  to  collate  the  data
__label__interactivedisplays into  comprehensible  time  series  data  blocks.  the  flow  rate  is  the  calculated  volume  of  water  flowing  through  the  water  flow  sensor  per  minute.  a  serial  number  uniquely  identifies  the  thing  and  the  longitude  and  latitude  are  the  gps  coordinates  of  the  installed  device.  here  is  a  sample  json  message:  visualizing  the  data  from  the  water  flow  sensors  in  a  format  that  is  easily  interpreted  is  crucial  to  the  success  of  the  application.  a  mobile  application  and  a  web  application  make  it  easy  for  the  user  to  access  and  read  the  data.  different  graphs  are  important  for  interpreting  different  trends  in
__label__interactivedisplays water  usage.  an  hourly  graph  is  useful  for  leak  detection,  where  a  sudden  spike  in  water  usage  over  the  last  hour  can  alert  the  user  to  a  potential  leak.  the  user  is  notified  of  the  high  water  usage  with  an  sms  using  amazon  sns.  a  weekly  and  a  monthly  graph  is  useful  for  the  user  to  quickly  identify  trends  over  the  last  few  days  or  the  last  month.  additional  visual  space  in  the  web  dashboard  allows  us  to  provide  comparative  graphs  for  water  consumption  over  years  so  the  user  can  compare  his  or  her  water  consumption  at  the  same  time
__label__interactivedisplays in  previous  years.  this  is  useful  for  seasonal  changes  in  water  consumption.  in  this  example,  an  ios  application  was  developed  in  xcode  to  visualize  the  data  in  graph  format  by  connecting  to  a  gateway  in  amazon  api  gateway  which  exposes  aws  lambda  functions  to  fetch  the  data  required  to  render  each  graph.  here  are  some  photos  of  the  mobile  application  screens.  the  mobile  app  and  the  website  both  need  security  credentials  in  order  to  make  programmatic  requests  to  aws.  amazon  cognito  is  ideal  for  this  scenario.  you  can  use  this  service  with  the  aws  mobile  sdk  for  ios  and  the
__label__interactivedisplays aws  mobile  sdk  for  android  and  fire  os  to  create  unique  identities  for  users  and  authenticate  them  for  secure  access  to  your  aws  resources.  the  same  aws  lambda  functions  used  by  the  ios  mobile  application  are  accessed  through  amazon  api  gateway  for  the  web  application  dashboard  to  render  the  graphs  on  the  website.  the  website,  hosted  in  amazon  s3,  uses  node.js  to  access  the  gateway  in  amazon  api  gateway  and  render  the  graphs.  here  is  a  dashboard  in  the  web  application.  being  able  to  accurately  measure  the  water  consumption  in  our  house  has  changed  my  familys  consumption  of  this  most
__label__interactivedisplays precious  resource.  we  now  actively  reduce  our  water  consumption.  now  that  you  know  how  easy  it  is  to  measure  important  environmental  data,  like  water  usage  using  aws  iot  services,  i  recommend  you  find  opportunities  in  your  everyday  life  to  leverage  iot  technologies.  whether  its  temperature,  smart  home  utilities  or  metering.  the  ability  for  you  to  build  iot  applications  with  simple  devices  unlocks  a  world  of  data  and  insights  into  your  environment.  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__interactivedisplays the  industrial  internet  of  things  has  had  a  major  impact  on  the  transportation  industry,  with  the  advent  of  autonomous  vehicles  and  improved  cargo  management.  one  area  that  has  seen  less  coverage  is  the  connected  railway.  the  fact  that  trains  operateat  such  high  speeds  through  tunnels  and  extreme  weather  conditions,  presents  real  challenges  when  it  comes  to  deploying  iot  systems.  but  advances  in  networking  have  made  smart  trains  a  possibility,  and  one  that  could  provide  significant  benefits  when  transporting  goods,  providing  comfort  for  passengers  and  increasing  operators  return  on  investments  roi.  in  fact,  legacy  infrastructure  is  gradually  being  replaced  by  train
__label__interactivedisplays management  systems  tms,  where  trains  become  interconnected  communication  hubs,  transmitting  data  among  themselves  and  to  network  control  centers,  and  receiving  instructions  from  control  centers.  machinetomachine  m2  communication,  with  some  help  from  the  cloud,  enables  operators  to  utilize  equipment,  tracks  and  stations  more  efficiently,  while  dramatically  reducing  safety  risks,  ,  a  provider  of  embedded  boards  and  systems.  here  are  several  potential  use  cases  presented  by  eurotech  for  using  iot  to  create  a  connected  railway.  safety  is,  of  course,  a  primary  element  of  iot  applications  and  solutions  when  it  comes  to  train  management.  one  safety  use  case  is  an  onboard  train  location
__label__interactivedisplays and  detection  systems  that  enable  trains  to  be  aware  of  the  positions  of  other  trains.  this  reduces  the  risk  of  collisions  while  allowingtrains  to  operate  safely  in  close  proximity  to  one  another.  speed  monitoring  and  control  is  another  important  safety  application.  systems  have  been  developed  that  can  display  train  velocity  for  drivers  and  report  speeds  back  to  central  control  systems.  onboard  monitoring  systems  are  interconnected  with  outdoor  signaling  systems  that  can  regulate  train  speeds  or  even  remotely  command  trains  to  stop  based  on  track  conditions,  the  positions  of  switches,  the  presence  of  other  trains  on  the  track,  and  other  factors,
__label__interactivedisplays according  to  eurotech.  umberto  malesci,  ceo  of  fluidmesh  networks,  that  there  are  three  major  systems  within  railroads  where  automation  and  the  internet  of  things  can  bring  significant  benefits:  signaling,  interlocking,  and  level  crossing  control.  signaling  systems  control  the  movement  of  a  train  by  remotely  adjusting  train  speed  and  braking.  more  traditional  signaling  systems  are  based  on  rfid  along  the  train  track,  but  wireless  train  to  ground  signaling  is  getting  more  and  more  common  both  in  railroad  and  metro  systems,  according  to  malesci.  he  saysmost  of  the  new  european  high  speed  railroads  are  equipped  with  etcs  level  2  which  is  a
__label__interactivedisplays signaling  standard  that  requires  constant  radio  communication  between  the  train  and  the  group.  interlocking  avoids  conflicting  movements  on  the  tracks  at  junctions  and  crossings  by  using  red  and  green  light  signals.  the  interlocking  system  works  in  conjunction  with  the  signaling  system  to  prevent  a  train  from  getting  a  signal  to  proceed  if  the  route  is  proven  to  be  unsafe.  the  internet  of  things  can  further  improve  the  systems  level  of  automation  and  its  integration  with  the  signaling  system.  level  crossings  control  is  the  third  system  that  impacts  safety  on  railroads.  according  to  the  european  railway  agency  era,  619  accidents  occurred
__label__interactivedisplays at  level  crossings  in  2010,  causing  359  fatalities  in  the  european  union  that  year  2009  stats  show  831  level  crossingsrelated  accidents  caused  405  fatalities  that  year.  accidents  related  to  level  crossings  represent  30  of  all  railway  fatalities  in  the  eu.  iot  can  help  decrease  those  statistics  by  deploying  cameras  and  sensors  for  increased  safety.  umberto  malesci  gives  a  number  of  use  cases  beyondsafety  that  the  internet  of  things  is  creating  to  enhance  the  operational  efficiency  of  railways.  here  are  some  of  those  use  cases:  ,almost  30  billion  will  be  spent  in  the  next  15  years  on  the  iot  projects  in
__label__interactivedisplays as  the  world  continues  to  become  more  interconnected,  secure  connections  are  becoming  a  universal  need  for  all  embedded  applications.  whether  theyre  connecting  to  other  systems,  a  smartphone  or  the  cloud,  these  applications  now  require  security  to  provide  ip,  brand  and  revenue  protection  all  of  which  are  critically  important  in  an  era  where  hackers  are  prevalent  and  competition  is  fierce.  microchip  provides  total  system  solutions  for  smart,  connected  and  secure  designs.  these  designs  can  leverage  everything  from  our  smart  processors,  intelligent  analog,  certified  wired  and  wireless  connectivity  and  stateoftheart  security  solutions  along  with  readytouse  software  and  tools,  partnerships  with  the  largest
__label__interactivedisplays cloud  computing  companies  and  worldclass  support.  this  complete  offering  makes  the  development  of  smart,  connected  and  secure  systems  easy,  getting  you  to  production  faster  and  speeding  up  your  revenue  stream.  copyright  19982019  microchip  technology  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays today  worldwide  arise  new,  decentralized  business  models  which  focus  on  the  intelligent,  networked  and  safe  house.  whether  intelligent  energy  management  or  selfgeneration  of  energy,  smart  security  concepts,  an  efficient  use  of  water,  gas  and  other  consumer  goods,  new  models  for  home  care  or  targeted  support  individual  lifestyles  smart  home  will  become  a  stage  in  the  next  few  years  for  the  innovative  potential  of  the  internet  of  things.  the  networking  and  communication  of  the  necessary  equipment,  counters,  sensors,  or  power  generation  plants,  as  well  as  their  control  over  webbased  platforms  and  mobile  applications  requires  a  sophisticated  infrastructure  and  a  comprehensive  knowhow
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  field  of  m2m  and  cloud  technologies.  you  are  looking  for  a  technology  partner  in  the  design  and  implementation  of  your  smart  home  vision?  hansboecklerstrasse  16  63263  neuisenburg  germany  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel  49  6102  799  28  0  fax  49  6102  799  28  199  regent  house  business  centre  2425  nutford  place  london  w1h5yn  united  kingdom  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel  44  020  3290  7992  ved  klaedebo  18  dk2970  hoersholm  denmark  email  inforoundsolutions.com  tel:  45  0  36  99  79  92  all  prices  are  quoted  net  of  the  statutory  valueadded  tax  and  and  possibly  delivery  charges,  if  not  otherwise  described.  our  offers  are  exclusively
__label__interactivedisplays modern  consumers  expect  a  convenient  and  personalized  shopping  experience,  which  often  requires  retailers  to  provide  more  innovative  solutions  that  take  shopping  beyond  the  four  walls  of  a  traditional  retail  location.  wireless  solutions  make  it  easy  for  retailers  to  conduct  business  anywhere,  which  has  encouraged  many  vending  and  kiosk  operators  to  turn  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  help  them  improve  customer  satisfaction  while  increasing  revenues  and  reducing  overall  costs.  the  internet  of  things  is  making  it  easier  than  ever  to  deploy  kiosks  and  other  mobile  retail  solutions  in  response  to  customer  demand.  by  providing  fast  and  reliable  wireless  connectivity,
__label__interactivedisplays these  iot  retail  solutions  enable  businesses  to  be  both  portable  and  flexible,  allowing  them  to  better  meet  growing  customer  needs:  the  internet  of  things  is  helping  vending  machine  operators  more  effectively  respond  to  consumer  demand  and  boost  operational  efficiency.  iot  vending  solutions  help  make  vending  machine  management  simple  and  effective:  with  iotenabled  retail  solutions,  your  company  can  capitalize  on  new  business  opportunities  and  expand  retail  operations  quickly  and  securely.  telit  provides  cloudready  modules,  connectivity  services,  and  a  webbased  platform  that  allows  you  deploy  your  solutions  faster  and  manage  them  effectively  to  support  business  growth.  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside
__label__interactivedisplays try  these  quick  links  to  visit  popular  site  sections  by  signing  in,  you  agree  to  our  .  forgot  your  intel  or  ?  do  you  work  for  intel?  .  dont  have  an  intel  account?  for  a  basic  account.  the  browser  version  you  are  using  is  not  recommended  for  this  site.  please  consider  upgrading  to  the  latest  version  of  your  browser  by  clicking  one  of  the  following  links.  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  in  urban  communities,  cities  are  using  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  many  innovative  and  exciting  ways.  public  kiosks  can  help  support  smart  city  initiatives  by  delivering  realtime
__label__interactivedisplays information,  services,  and  alerts  to  citizens  and  visitorsquickly  and  costeffectively.  many  urban  areas  are  funding  them  with  advertising  that  incorporates  nearrealtime  audience  analytics,  making  public  kiosks  more  valuable  to  retailers  and  brands  who  can  deliver  customized  messages.  intel,  civiq  smartscapes,  and  intersection  joined  forces  to  deploy  the  on  the  go  travel  station,  a  dynamic  public  kiosk  funded  through  targeted  advertising  that  provides  a  wealth  of  information  to  riders  at  new  york  city  subway  stations.  help  people  find  their  way  todays  city  dwellers  are  on  the  go,  spending  more  time  out  of  their  homes  than  ever  before.  public  kiosks  are  a
__label__interactivedisplays critical  channel  for  reaching  them  in  engaging  and  interactive  ways.  intelbased  public  kiosks  can  play  a  central  role  in  wayfinding  with  support  for  maps,  directions,  transit  routes,  and  schedules.  they  can  also  connect  citizens  with  community  services  or  help  tourists  find  events  theyre  interested  in.  kiosks  can  provide  features  like  wifi,  internet  browsing,  and  device  charging  that  make  living  and  working  in  the  cityor  just  exploring  itincredibly  convenient.  kiosks  also  support  public  health  and  safety  initiatives  with  emergency  911  calling,  public  service  announcements,  and  air  quality  monitoring.  these  kiosk  solutions  allow  cities  to  replace  obsolete  infrastructure  and  potentially  reduce  operational
__label__interactivedisplays costs  with  selffunded  intelligent  infrastructure.  support  a  wide  range  of  capabilities  public  kiosks  can  be  built  for  a  range  of  capabilities:  intel  kiosk  technology  supports  one  or  two  displays,  basic  security  and  connectivity,  and  advertising  tools,  all  the  way  up  to  highend  models  with  three  or  more  4k  displays  and  advanced  user  features,  including:  intels  public  kiosk  ecosystem  includes  oems  for  displays,  media  players,  and  sensors,  as  well  as  kiosk  manufacturers.  it  also  includes  integrators,  service  providers,  network  operators,  and  more.  along  city  streets,  bus  stops,  and  train  stations,  cities  are  replacing  outdated  infrastructure  with  engaging  public  kiosks  that  provide
__label__interactivedisplays valuable  serviceslike  wayfinding,  transit  routes,  emergency  alerts,  and  free  wifito  citizens  and  tourists.  watch  this  brief  ondemand  webinar  where  we  discuss  this  emerging  platform.  miamidade  county  explored  a  smart  city  vision  that  uses  internet  of  things  iot  technologies  to  collect  and  analyze  data  for  better  management  of  public  resources  and  services.
__label__interactivedisplays on  9  november  2018  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  this  is  a  guest  blog  by  jody  smith,  product  manager  at  .  mirkiosk  enables  a  graphical  output  for  iot  devices  such  as  digital  smart  kiosks.  for  more  information,  read  the  or  install  the  now.  from  home  control  to  drones,  robots  and  industrial  systems,  ubuntu  core  and  snaps  provide  robust  security,  app  stores  and  reliable  updates  for  all  your  iot  devices.  industrial  robots,  home  appliances,  advertising  screens,  office  information  boards  devices  of  every  type  around  us  are  getting  connected.  as  they  do,  their...  building  a  private  cloud  based  on  openstack  has  typically
__label__interactivedisplays been  a  complex  process  with  uncertain  build  costs  based  on  time  and  materials  requiring  specialised...  the  canonical  team  is  getting  back  from  the  open  infrastructure  summit  shanghai  2019  with  a  lot  of  excitement  and  a  fresh  view  on  the  key  projects  from  the...
__label__interactivedisplays smart  cities  are  refocusing  the  development  of  core  infrastructure  to  provide  a  better  quality  of  life  for  citizens,  while  achieving  greater  environmental  and  economic  sustainability.  the  implementation  of  smart  city  kiosks  is  an  effective  method  to  drive  toward  these  goals.  wellexecuted  technology  deployments  in  the  areas  of  water,  energy,  and  waste  management,  citizen  communication,  urban  mobility,  and  the  like  set  the  foundation  for  a  future  that  benefits  from  better  data,  greater  citizen  participation,  and  more  informed  urban  planning.  as  kiosks  are  placed  on  city  streets,  their  ability  to  integrate  and  communicate  with  smart  lighting,  traffic  cameras,  parking  meters,  and  more
__label__interactivedisplays willprove  an  invaluable  resource  as  cities  strive  to  improve  sustainability  and  quality  of  life.  built  on  cloudbased  technologies  in  the  internet  of  things  iot,  street  kiosks  provide  realworld  user  interfaces  for  twoway  calling,  surveys,  traffic  incident  reporting,  and  more  to  empower  citizens  and  visitors  as  they  move  about  the  city,  while  also  providing  the  city  a  simple  way  to  obtain  citizen  feedback.  perhaps  the  most  important  aspect  of  gaining  public  buyin  is  the  utility  the  kiosks  bring  to  a  citys  citizens.  a  highutility  kiosk  provides  interactive  wayfinding,  transit  schedules,  local  points  of  interest,  emergency  service,  usb  charging  and  more.  when
__label__interactivedisplays the  kiosk  is  helpful,  easy  to  use,  and  transparent  in  its  purposes,  its  deployment  and  growth  will  be  welcomed  rather  than  feared  or  neglected.  as  cities  look  to  monetize  existing  realestate,  the  digital  kiosk  is  an  enticing  solution.  locations  with  large  volumes  of  pedestrian  and  vehicular  traffic  can  prove  attractive  to  media  buyers  looking  to  make  valuable  advertising  impressions.  digital  kiosks  that  integrate  audience  recognition  technologies  and  traffic  counters  provide  even  greater  value  as  media  partners  look  to  reach  their  target  audiences.  using  connected  sensors,  cameras,  traffic  counters,  wifi  beacons,  and  other  iot  devices,  smart  city  kiosks  gather  highvalue  data
__label__interactivedisplays that  can  provide  invaluable  insights  as  cities  strive  toward  improvements  in  quality  of  life  and  sustainability.  for  example,  a  display  can  relay  information  to  transit  operators  about  a  bus  stop  that  is  overcrowded  during  a  particular  window  of  time  so  they  can  optimize  their  pickup  schedules  to  ensure  citizens  get  a  ride  when  they  need  it.  for  decades  cities  and  media  companies  have  formedpublicprivate  partnerships  to  better  monetize  existing  city  real  estate  via  media  advertising.  smart  city  kiosks  can  be  funded  through  a  similar  model,  while  also  offering  greater  citizen  utility.  promote  public  safety  through  realtime  emergency  messaging,  integrating  security
__label__interactivedisplays cameras,  and  enabling  emergency  calling  enable  access  to  information  with  public,  highspeed  internet,  voip  calling,  and  lte  smallcell  support  gain  valueadded  insights  through  environmental  sensors,  pedestrian  traffic  counters,  parking,  lighting,  waste  management  data  citizen  engagement  by  displaying  transit  information,  providing  interactive  wayfinding,  and  highlighting  events  and  points  of  interest  boldvu  displays  are  being  used  to  power  public  signage  networks  around  the  globe.  view  this  presentation  to  gain  additional  insight  as  to  how  boldvu  displays  can  be  used  to  power  smart  city  signage  networks.  interested  in  boldvu  ?  let  us  help  you  find  the  right  configuration  for  your  visual  engagement  application.
__label__interactivedisplays this  white  paper  from  lgmri  was  written  by  famed  digital  signage  industry  consultant  and  founder  of  the  16:9  blog,  dave  haynes.  he  explores  the  role  that  digital  kiosks  play  as  cities  begin  to  leverage  connectivity  and  iot  in  the  built  environment.  in  the  same  way  that  smartphones  have  changed  the  dynamics  on  how  we  do  things  every  day,  screens  in  public  spaces  are  starting  to  do  much  the  same  designed  with  multiuse,  multitenant,  extensible  architecture  that  makes  a  digital  sign  into  something  much  more  powerful  and  compelling.  divided  into  six  sections,  this  paper  addresses  these  questions  and  more:  the  report
__label__interactivedisplays also  includes  commentary  by  executives  from:  they  will  give  a  glimpse  into  the  minds  of  technology  leaders  as  they  consider  whats  possible  with  connected  kiosks,  and  the  ways  in  which  wellexecuted  products  and  services  contribute  to  the  objective  of  making  cities  smarter.  oembed  start  oembed  end  this  whitepaper  was  produced  by  lgmri  .  boldvu  smart  point  by  lgmri  lgmri  is  known  for  highperformance,  outdoor  lcd  solutions  used  by  many  of  the  worlds  most  successful  dooh  media  companies.  the  boldvu  smart  point  is  an  evolution  of  the  boldvu  display  technology  to  extend  a  citys  digital  infrastructure  to  the  network  edge,  empowering
__label__interactivedisplays connectivity  and  the  iot.  as  an  intelligent  and  connected  endpoint,  already  proven  in  150  cities  globally,  boldvu  smart  point  is  an  iot  platform  that  cities  can  begin  leveraging  today.  boldvu  smart  point  is  an  intel  market  ready  solution,  using  intel  processors  and  technologies  as  the  backbone  of  the  compute  infrastructure  that  powers  the  intelligence  derived  and  delivered  from  the  smart  point.  learn  more  about  market  ready  solutions  and  the  intel  iot  solutions  alliance  by  visiting  this  .
__label__interactivedisplays modern  kiosk  operations  require  an  iot  platform  capable  of  managing  large  networks  of  connected  devices.  with  canopy  from  banyan  hills  technologies,  kiosk  owners  and  operators  get  an  iot  solution  with  realtime  data  capture,  automated  dispatch  and  predictive  analytics  so  theres  less  downtime  and  more  revenue.  canopy  can  send  email  and  text  notification  alerts  based  upon  any  type  of  criteria  set  up  by  the  user.  secure  device  instrumentation  through  an  extensible  software  agent  leaf  that  runs  on  any  base  operating  system  or  device  hardware  platform.  using  machine  learning,  canopy  can  detect  failures,  selfdiagnose  and  do  predictive  maintenance.  banyan  hills  technologies  works
__label__interactivedisplays with  customers  to  choose  hardware,  build  software  and  use  our  iot  device  management  solution  canopy  to  manage  and  monitor  networks  of  kiosks.  we  know  how  to  help  businesses  seize  opportunities  in  the  kiosk,  selfservice  and  unattended  retail  industries.  our  iot  platform,  canopy,  allows  kiosk  operators  to  connect  devices  across  multiple  protocols  and  standards.  the  solution  is  configurable  and  also  offers  operators  the  capability  to  manage  tickets  through  the  entire  incident  management  lifecycle.  create  tickets,  attach  photos  and  provide  detailed  information  that  can  be  tracked  and  managed  through  resolution.  businesses  across  all  industries,  including  retail,  entertainment  and  healthcare,  are  doing  more
__label__interactivedisplays with  selfservice  kiosks  to  not  only  offer  better  service  to  customers  but  also  cut  operating  costs.  large  networks  of  these  machines  need  to  be  managed  through  a  central  operation  that  provides  realtime  insights.  not  only  can  canopy  provide  insights,  this  iot  technology  can  help  manage  inventory  and  monitor  the  health  of  the  kiosk  itself.  key  benefits:  learn  more  about  our  and  .  canopy  provides  an  operator  with  a  centralized  web  portal.  a  featurerich  user  interface  to  help  manage  the  implementation.  track  customizable,  detailed  information  about  your  locations.  track  information  on  all  of  your  connected  devices.  canopy  has  customer  relationship  management
__label__interactivedisplays crm  capabilities.  monitor  and  manage  device  transactions  and  revenue.  securely  transact  from  a  device  via  your  chosen  processor.  gain  visibility  into  your  inventory  levels  across  the  network.  automate  tasks  through  an  easytouse  framework.  create  rich  marketing  campaigns  that  deliver  promotional  content.  canopy  provides  an  integrated  incident  management  solution.  canned  and  analytic  reporting  capabilities  are  available.  press  releases  global  leader  in  point  of  sale  systems,  selfservice  kiosks  and  embedded  computing  technologies  joins  forces  with  a  leading  remote  management...  articles  the  2019  venture  atlanta  conference  wrapped  up,  bringing  in  a  recordbreaking  total  of  1,100  attendees,  including  more  than  300  venture...  articles  steve
__label__interactivedisplays latham,  ceo  and  founder  of  banyan  hills  technologies,  penned  an  article  for  rfid  journal  describing  how  the  internet  of...  data  has  become  a  critical  resource  for  modern  businesses  the  fuel  that  drives  product  development,  sales,  marketing,  infrastructure,  human  resources,  and  a  thousand  other  aspects  of  corporate  success.  gains  in  connectivity  speeds  are  going  to  revolutionize  the  iot  and  let  us  take  for  granted  low  power,  long  distance  wireless  connectivity.  imagine  the  cost  savings  that  could  come  from  having  a  perfect  digital  copy  of  an  assembly  line  product  a  replica  that  isnt  just  about  dimensions  and  assembly  details,  but  also  reflects
__label__interactivedisplays materials,  lifetime  maintenance  data,  and  more.  indoor  positioning,  a  fastgrowing  branch  of  the  internet  of  things,  has  the  power  to  remap  the  way  we  think  about  indoor  spaces.  executives  driving  ai  and  machine  learning  projects  will  need  to  pursue  several  tasks  in  order  to  successfully  adapt  this  transformational  technology.  its  a  tall  order  but  the  benefits  are  immense.  facilities  management  is  an  unforgiving,  challenging  job  with  myriad  demands  and  responsibilities.  thats  why  facilities  managers  should  be  keenly  interested  in  putting  iot  technology  to  work  in  their  buildings.
__label__interactivedisplays posiflex  showcases  new  interactive  selfservice  kiosks  and  iot  retail  product  innovations  at  eurocis  2019  posiflex  at  eurocis  hall  9  /  c42  graphic:  business  wire  posiflex  at  eurocis  hall  9  /  c42  graphic:  business  wire  dsseldorf,  germany  a  synergy  of  worldleading  pos,  kiosk,  and  industrial  computing  technologies  will  introduce  its  full  product  portfolio  and  latest  innovations  at  ,  the  leading  trade  fair  for  retail  technology,  from  february  19  21st  in  dsseldorf.  with  a  product  strategy  focus  on  serviced  iot,  the  posiflex  group  will  be  displaying  smart  and  connected  retail  solutions  with  fullyintegrated  middleware,  rms  remote  monitoring  system  and  hardware.  i  am
__label__interactivedisplays excited  to  introduce  the  posiflex  group  portfolio  to  the  european  market,  says  hans  peter  ndling,  the  newly  appointed  chief  strategy  officer  for  the  posiflex  group.  the  posiflex  group  references  the  collective  brands  of  the  corporation,  including  ,  and  all  under  one  corporate  umbrella.  as  a  whole,  the  company  is  targeting  the  omnichannel  serviced  iot  domain  and  key  subverticals  such  as  retail  hospitality,  digital  signage,  medical,  and  gaming  /  sports  betting.  merging  the  earned  domain  knowhow  of  the  three  respective  brands,  along  with  the  immense  global  engineering  and  operations  infrastructure  results  in  a  truly  unique  solution  powerhouse  with  a  highly  synergistic
__label__interactivedisplays serviced  iot  solution  portfolio.  within  posiflex  groups  booth  ,  visitors  will  get  a  handson  retail  experience  of  the  companys  full  range  of  pos,  selfservice,  digital  signage,  and  computing  touch  points  integrated  within  multiple  retail  settings.  the  fashion  boutique,  caf,  and  cinema  areas  will  focus  on  pos  solution.  by  emphasizing  the  trend  of  mobility  and  selfservice  in  retail,  posiflex  group  will  showcase  most  comprehensive/futureproof  mpos  and  kiosk  product  portfolio  that  no  other  can  match  up  to  intel  core  processor  ,  and  available  in  both  android  and  windows  .  in  addition,  a  retail  iot  2.0  corner  area  from  and  will  showcase  embedded
__label__interactivedisplays computing  offerings  and  solutions  with  valued  industry  partners.  portwell  will  demonstrate  its  industrial  gateway  and  panel  pc  as  key  offerings  in  the  smart  retail  ecosystem.  kiosk  and  will  feature  a  smart  digital  signage  solution,  illustrating  their  active  customers  intelligence  suite  in  action.  it  leverages  facial  recognition  technology  for  optimized  consumer  content,  with  analytics  on  customer  engagement  data  and  sales  lift  metrics.  an  additional  kiosk  solution  partner,  ,  will  feature  their  newest  bitcoin  atm,  providing  a  simple  selfservice  platform  for  consumers  to  buy  bitcoin  with  cash  in  seconds.  this  secure  cryptocurrency  atms  boost  instore  foot  traffic  and  further  monetize  retail  floor
__label__interactivedisplays space.  kiosk,  long  known  for  leading  the  industry  in  custom  selfservice  solutions,  will  unveil  the  groups  latest  standardized  and  modular  selfservice  kiosk  offerings.  the  designed  by  kiosk  and  manufactured  by  posiflex  in  taiwan  are  modular  platforms  available  with  a  32  or  21inch  display.  the  32inch  display  model,  the  ,  is  ideally  suited  for  fb,  quick  service,  and  fast  casual  restaurants.  the  21inch  display  model,  the  ,  accommodates  retail  applications  such  as  selfservice  pos,  loyalty,  selfcheckin,  selfticketing,  and  online  ordering.  the  posiflex  group  cordially  invites  a  booth  visit  at  hall9/c42  to  experience  advanced  retail  solutions  that  increase  efficiency,  boost  profits,  and
__label__interactivedisplays enhance  consumer  experience.  about  posiflex  group:  has  designed  and  manufactured  worldclass  pos  solutions  for  more  than  30  years.  since  2016,  the  company  has  acquired  and  ,  further  expanding  into  selfservice  and  embedded  pc  offerings.  the  global  posiflex  group  is  in  place  to  provide  worldclass  b2b  serviced  iot  solutions.  at  eurocis,  the  groups  total  serviced  iot  solutions  will  be  supplemented  by  software  partner  ,  a  leader  of  omnichannel  digital  marketing  solutions  and  big  data  analytics.  the  groups  second  solution  partner,  ,  is  a  recognized  industry  leader  in  bitcoin  atms.  press  :  brad  chou  886  2  2268  5577  press  :  brad  chou
__label__interactivedisplays the  franchise  entertainment  group  kiosks  use  hf  rfid  technology  and  a  cellular  connection  with  canopy  software  from  banyan  hills  technology  to  manage  approximately  1,300  kiosks  at  which  movies  are  rented  throughout  australia  and  new  zealand.  steve  latham,  the  former  cto  at  entertainment  technology  company  ,  has  a  new  company  founded  a  new  company  called  ,  based  in  atlanta,  ga.,  offering  an  internet  of  things  iot  platform  that  captures  and  manages  data  from  kiosks  and  other  devices,  and  enables  companies  to  have  visibility  into  those  units,  no  matter  where  in  the  world  they  are  located.  feg,  australias  largest  home  entertainment  company,
__label__interactivedisplays operates  such  brands  as  blockbuster,  video  ezy  and  ezydvd.  feg  egan  deploying  the  kiosks  with  the  canopy  iot  software  at  such  retail  locations  as  supermarkets  across  australia  and  new  zealand,  and  beyond.  feg  currently  has  between  1,100  and  1,400  kiosks  in  place,  with  longterm  plans  to  increase  that  number  to  2,500.  when  individuals  wish  to  rent  a  movie,  they  presents  their  credit  card  to  the  machine  and  make  a  movie  selection.  the  boxs  internal  robotics  dispense  that  movie  by  reading  the  rfid  tags  id  number  to  confirm  which  movie  is  being  provided.  the  company  can  then  charge  the  individual  for
__label__interactivedisplays that  specific  movie,  and  he  or  she  can  return  it  to  the  box  when  finished.  the  canopy  system  enables  the  company  to  track  not  only  each  kiosks  inventory,  but  also  how  often  the  machine  has  been  used,  how  often  specific  movies  have  been  rented  and  which  movies  are  not  being  rented  at  all.  it  can  then  conduct  a  variety  of  analytics.  for  instance,  because  canopys  management  console  software,  hosted  on  a  cloudbased  server,  displays  each  purchase  transaction,  it  knows  how  often  the  pos  mechanisms  are  used,  and  can  thus  identify  when  they  will  require  maintenance  or  replacement.  author:  tim  cole
__label__interactivedisplays image  credit:  banyan  hills  technologies  required  fields  are  marked  in  many  companies,  lot  of  work  time  goes  into  monitoring  and  managing  the  consumption  and  reordering  of  supplies  like  printer  paper  to  run  operations.  a  prototype  of  vr  glasses  has  been  tested  on  cows  on  a  farm  in  the  moscow  region,  russia  to  improve  cow  conditions.  the  ericsson  mobility  report  is  released  twice  each  year  and  provides  projections  and  analyses  of  the  latest  trends  in  the  mobile  industry,  including  subscription,  mobile  data  traffic  and  population  coverage.  sierra  wireless  announced  the  launch  of  the  airlink  managed  network  service  with  embedded  firstnet  connectivity.
__label__interactivedisplays following  the  launch  of  its  first  two  nano  satellites  into  the  stratosphere  in  late  2018,  dutch  startup  hiber  is  excited  to  announce  that  its  iot  network,  bringing  low  power  and  low  cost  connectivity  to  remote  and  developing  areas  for  the  first  time  ever,  is  now  live.  smart  factories  data  center
__label__interactivedisplays newsroom  as  cities  evolve,  they  increasingly  connect  to  their  residents  through  technology.  recent  news  out  of  new  york  city  exemplifies  how  this  trend  is  fueling  greater  services  for  citizens  and  foreshadowing  advances  in  smart  cities  and  autonomous  driving.  the  that  tech  startup  intersection  has  installed  900  linknyc  kiosks  among  new  york  citys  five  boroughs.  each  kiosk  is  10  feet  tall,  internet  of  things  iot  enabled,  and  is  located  where  a  phone  booth  used  to  stand.  a  similar  implementation  is  taking  place  in  london.  the  immediate  uses  for  the  links  are  straightforward,  according  to  elizabeth  woyke,  author  of  the  mit  article:
__label__interactivedisplays today,  people  use  the  links  primarily  to  charge  their  smartphones,  take  advantage  of  the  fast  wifi,  and  search  for  information  about  the  weather  and  local  restaurants.  all  these  services  are  free  to  use,  in  part  because  the  10foottall  kiosks  display  ads  that  generate  funds  the  cities  share  with  the  companies  that  designed  and  run  the  technology  including  qualcomm  and  british  telecom  bt.  intersection,  which  is  funded  by  googles  parent  company  alphabet,  plans  to  expand  to  7,500  connected  stations  within  new  york  city,  which  could  yield  half  a  billion  dollars  in  revenue  for  the  big  apple  over  12  years.  as  city
__label__interactivedisplays services  grow  more  sophisticated,  the  links  capacity  to  sense,  observe,  and  relate  will,  too,  according  to  the  article:  each  link  also  has  two  builtin  cameras,  which  face  in  opposite  directions,  potentially  yielding  views  up  and  down  the  street.  right  now,  these  cameras  are  only  used  to  monitor  for  vandalism  and  damage,  but  if  the  city  granted  permission,  intersection  could  use  them  to  capture  a  nearly  360  view  of  each  links  surroundings  .  .  .  eventually,  information  from  intersections  future  sensors  could  be  combined  to  create  realtime  data  maps  that  might  be  useful  for  emerging  technologies  such  as  selfdriving  cars.  thus,
__label__interactivedisplays as  connected  kiosks  generate  increasing  volumes  of  locationbased  information,  the  applications  for  that  data,  such  as  contributing  to  traffic  management,  grow  as  well.  data  from  smart  kiosks  isnt  the  only  source  of  new  information  streaming  into  cities.  driverassistance  technology  company  mobileye  has  collaborated  with  esri  to  augment  mobileyes  shield  system,  which  uses  a  collection  of  cameras  installed  on  fleet  vehiclestypically  city  busesto  detect  pedestrians  and  other  obstacles  and  alert  drivers  to  avoid  collisions.  in  real  time,  the  information  can  save  lives.  it  also  can  be  converted  into  valuable  insight  for  cities.  think  of  shield  as  a  set  of  sensors  that
__label__interactivedisplays are  actively  moving  around  a  city  collecting  data.  today,  the  sensors  are  focused  on  pedestrian  detection,  but  tomorrow  cities  might  see  features  such  as  road  hazards  from  that  data.  imagine  five  or  six  vehicles  passing  over  a  major  pothole  in  the  next  hour.  that  could  trigger  a  dispatch  to  someone  at  the  department  of  transportation  dot  to  repair  the  hazard.  authoritative  datawhether  it  comes  from  kiosks,  buses,  or  a  combination  of  sourceswill  give  planners  a  more  holistic  view  of  an  area  at  any  given  time,  ultimately  helping  them  create  smarter  cities  and  a  higher  quality  of  living.  similarly,  realtime  data
__label__interactivedisplays on  road  conditions,  including  construction,  traffic,  or  weatherrelated  hazards,  could  be  fed  to  nearby  vehicles  to  improve  their  situational  awareness.  this  groundtruthed  datawhether  it  comes  from  kiosks,  buses,  or  a  combination  of  sourceswill  give  decisionmakers  a  more  holistic  picture  of  a  city  at  any  given  time.  with  that  improved  awareness,  city  planners  will  be  better  equipped  for  everything  from  asset  mapping,  to  monitoring  changing  road  conditionsultimately  creating  smarter  cities  with  a  higher  quality  of  living.  as  intersections  chief  innovation  officer  told  the  mit  technology  review:  phase  one  was  about  making  sure  were  offering  robust  services  to  people.  now  were  figuring
__label__interactivedisplays out  how  we  can  leverage  all  the  different  datasets  we  have  access  to  and  make  this  technology  as  dynamic  and  responsive  as  it  can  be.  jim  young  is  a  business  development  lead  for  esri  in  portland.  he  works  with  tech  companies  to  explore  the  use  of  location  data  in  their  products  and  apps.  his  passion  is  the  intersection  of  the  physical  world  and  the  digital  world,  including  mobile  applications,  location  services,  and  mobile  payments.  a  pioneer  in  mobile  social  networks,  jim  founded  locationbased  jambo  networks  before  joining  esri.  he  earned  a  masters  degree  in  gis  and  remote  sensing  from  cambridge
__label__interactivedisplays university  and  holds  a  bachelors  degree  in  history  and  economics  from  southern  methodist  university.  august  11,  2017  with  space  at  a  premium  and  billions  of  dollars  and  city  wellbeing  on  the  line,  what  techniques  should  a  city  use  to  shape  the  future?  october  19,  2017  former  deputy  mayor  of  new  york  city  stephen  goldsmith  discusses  smart  cities  and  digital  transformation  of  government  at  the  local  level.  october  31,  2017  alison  brooks  from  international  data  corporation  highlights  the  importance  of  modernizing  cities  to  remain  economically  viable.  next  article
__label__interactivedisplays digital  kiosk  inform,  engage  and  alert  your  community  through  our  partners  interactive  kiosks.  create  connections  that  enrich  your  smart  city  and  community.  people  on  the  go  want  to  stay  connected  to  the  things  that  are  important  to  them.  they  want  quick  access  to  local  information,  such  as  transit  schedules,  wayfinding,  guides  to  local  businesses  and  more.  and  at  verizon,  were  driven  to  help  people  connect.  thats  why  were  connecting  you  with  our  partners  digital  kiosks,  designed  to  fit  your  unique  city,  transit,  airport  or  mixeduse  development  needs.  digital  kiosks  can  be  an  invaluable  resource  for  residents  and  visitors  alike.  they
__label__interactivedisplays can  provide  essential  community  information  to  keep  people  informed,  engaged  and  connected,  and  help  bridge  the  digital  divide  by  providing  secure,  free  wifi  access.  what  is  a  digital  kiosk?  digital  kiosks  are  communications  hubs  that  connect  people  to  important  and  useful  information.  our  partners  interactive  kiosks  can  provide  weather  and  emergency  alerts,  maps  and  hyperlocal  community  information  about  transit,  restaurants,  businesses  and  events.  people  can  also  access  free  wifi,  local  and  emergency  calling  and  mobile  device  charging.  how  does  a  digital  kiosk  work?  our  partners  digital  kiosks  can  include  large,  userfriendly  touch  screens,  usb  charging  ports,  key  pads  for  making
__label__interactivedisplays phone  calls  and  twoway  communications  with  a  local  911  center.  built  on  tested  technology  and  connected  to  a  fiber  network  and  internet  of  things  iot  sensors,  our  partners  kiosks  are  valuable  community  resource  centers,  as  well  as  launchpads  for  future  smartcity  apps.  engage  people  with  interactive  content  in  key  locations.  placed  in  a  city  center,  an  airport  terminal,  a  transit  hub  or  a  mixeduse  development,  digital  kiosks  can  provide  important  information  and  convenient  services,  offered  where  and  when  theyre  needed.  take  a  brief  look  at  four  of  the  top  uses  of  our  partners  digital  kiosks.  make  interaction  with  city  services
__label__interactivedisplays and  local  businesses  engaging  and  convenient.  provide  wayfinding,  advertising  and  services  to  help  give  travelers  time  to  explore.  give  riders  control  of  their  journey  with  wayfinding,  schedules  and  messaging.  help  people  feel  informed  and  comfortable  where  they  live,  work,  shop  and  play.  the  heartbeat  of  smart  communities  modern  communities  face  modern  challenges,  including  creating  and  maintaining  high  standards  of  livability,  resiliency  and  engagement.  with  ,  city  leaders  and  planners  are  helping  to  transform  their  communities  into  centers  of  innovation  and  sustainable  growth.  see  all  that  our  smart  technology  can  do  for  your  community.  increase  community  engagement  with  our  partners  digital
__label__interactivedisplays kiosk.  digital  kiosk  serves  up  essential  information  and  services  to  help  people  stay  connected  and  engaged.  a  strategically  placed  interactive  kiosk  can  help  your  community:  empower  mobility.  strengthen  community.  improve  communications.  maintain  public  safety.  building  smarter,  more  secure  communities  explore  smart  communities  around  the  world.  related  products  save  energy  and  improve  public  safety  with  smart  lighting  technology.  help  protect  people  and  assets  with  intelligent  video  solutions.  m2m  technology  can  help  reduce  traffic  delays  and  harmful  emissions.  manage  now  and  plan  for  the  future  with  our  traffic  analytics.  services  and/or  features  are  not  available  in  all  countries/locations,  and  may  be  procured
__label__interactivedisplays from  incountry  providers  in  select  countries.  we  continue  to  expand  our  service  availability  around  the  world.  please  consult  your  verizon  representative  for  service  availability.  .  connect  with  a  sales  representative.  manage  your  account  or  get  tools  and  information.  this  verizon  website  uses  cookies.  a  cookie  is  a  small  file  of  letters  and  numbers  that  we  place  on  your  computer.  these  cookies  allow  us  to  distinguish  you  from  other  users  of  the  website  and  allow  us  to  provide  you  with  an  improved  user  experience.  the  cookies  we  use  are  purely  for  analytical  purposes  and  for  our  own  statistical  research  into  the
__label__interactivedisplays anything  you  want  to  do,  the  right  machines  and  data  can  help  you  do  better.  the  internet  of  things  is  about  extending  the  internet  beyond  smartphones  and  computers  to  a  whole  range  of  things  like  smart  sensors,  appliances,  cars  trucks,  kiosks,  fitness  devices  and  traffic  lights.  today,  millions  of  iot  devices,  collecting  billions  of  data  records,  are  enabling  faster  decision  making  with  greater  accuracy.  verizons  broad  portfolio  of  solutions  is  helping  businesses  around  the  world  enhance  customer  loyalty,  keep  tabs  on  highvalue  assets  and  boost  efficiency,  get  an  indepth  look  at  how  verizons  intelligent  traffic  management  solutions  are  helping  planners
__label__interactivedisplays make  crossings  safer.  get  an  indepth  look  at  how  verizons  iot  solutions  are  helping  seafood  producers  maintain  freshness  from  ocean  to  fork.  put  automation  and  connected  data  to  work  for  customers  and  help  them  be  safer,  more  efficient  and  more  productive.  verizon  partners  with  each  city  to  design  infrastructure,  systems  and  processes  that  elevate  the  way  they  provide  services  in  new  and  costeffective  ways.  our  smart  energy  and  water  solutions  provide  a  managed,  cloudbased  iot  platformthat  doesnt  have  a  large  capital  cost  for  it  investments.  our  broad  offering  of  mobile  smart  kiosks,  tablets  and  other  pos  products  can  help  create
__label__interactivedisplays faster,  safer,  loyaltydriving  experiences.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  transforming  every  aspect  of  our  world.  innovation  is  happening  in  real  time.  enterprises,  entrepreneurs,  municipalities  and  individuals  are  looking  for  ways  to  manage,  scale  and  monetize  iot  solutions  and  applications  in  accelerated  timeframes.  thingspace  offers  a  single  point  of  entry  for  development,  connectivity,  testing  and  automation  tools  for  iot.  thingspace  offers  cellular  iot  connectivity  services  with  global  reach,  making  it  simpler  for  customers  to  implement,  secure  and  manage  their  solutions.  being  able  to  share  our  story  like  this  is  a  joy.  to  know  that  yes,  it  was  ugly,  it  was
__label__interactivedisplays we  connect  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm10  with  the  rapid  development  of  the  internet  of  things,  cloud  computing,  and  the  mobile  internet  as  well  as  smart  transportation  and  power  grids,  the  promise  of  smart  cities  is  quickly  becoming  a  reality.  sustainable  growth,  efficiency  of  services,  and  qualityoflife  improvement  have  become  the  top  priority  of  many  urban  governments  and  are  the  first  steps  in  building  smart  communities.  via  streetwise  iot  solutions  are  designed  to  accelerate  the  deployment  of  innovative  smart  city  applications.  with  highperformance  compute,  graphics  and  video  features  designed  especially  for  intensive  multimedia  shopping,  entertainment,  and  navigation  applications,  they  are  ideal
__label__interactivedisplays for  a  plethora  of  smart  locker,  smart  vending  machine,  smart  information  kiosk,  and  smart  signage  deployments.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm2  /bscol  /bsrow  via  streetwise  iot  solutions  provide  robust  and  flexible  platforms  for  building  scalable  interactive  hubs  that  enable  businesses  and  government  departments  to  deliver  a  host  of  innovative  logistics,  retail,  and  community  services  directly  from  the  streetside.  core  applications  include  the  following:  rich  wireless  and  i/o  connectivity  options  for  capturing  and  transmitting  critical  data  such  as  pedestrian  traffic  flows,  payments  and  transactions,  and  environmental  conditions  from  a  wide  range  of  devices  and  sensors.  realtime  data  processing  and  analysis  to  optimize  goods
__label__interactivedisplays delivery  schedules,  product  promotions,  and  maximize  revenues.  remote  monitoring  and  control  to  safeguard  against  system  crashes  and  ensure  24/7  operation.  advanced  interactive  multimedia  features  for  convenient  accessibility  to  relevant  information  and  services  in  rich  userfriendly  formats.  via  iot  acceleration  platforms  combine  robust,  ultrareliable,  and  highperformance  system  hardware  with  a  stable  software  framework  that  enables  the  rapid  development  of  multimediarich  applications  and  services.  the  platforms  provide  highlycustomizable  solutions  for  installing  a  host  of  information  display,  shopping,  storage,  and  surveillance  and  monitoring  systems  for  smart  city  environments.  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  these  scalable  platforms  enable  the  rapid  development  and  deployment  of  interactive
__label__interactivedisplays selfservice  hubs  that  provide  a  host  of  ondemand  o2o  onlinetooffline  shopping,  delivery,  storage,  payment  processing,  and  information  services  for  the  onthego  consumer.  combining  rich  i/o  and  wireless  connectivity  with  powerful  multimedia  capabilities,  the  platforms  can  be  tailormade  to  meet  specific  installation  requirements.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm6  these  flexible  platforms  open  up  exciting  new  opportunities  for  businesses  to  create  automated  convenience  stores  for  food,  beverages,  and  other  items  on  every  street  corner.  with  their  support  for  highdefinition  displays,  interactive  touchscreens,  and  multiple  payment  methods,  the  platforms  can  be  rapidly  customized  for  multiple  retail  scenarios..  /bscol  /bsrow  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  these  versatile
__label__interactivedisplays platforms  facilitate  the  development  of  userfriendly  touchbased  systems  that  deliver  interactive  community  information  and  o2o  services.  combining  advanced  multimedia  performance  with  a  wealth  of  expansions  options,  the  platforms  can  be  optimized  for  the  most  demanding  applications.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm6  these  ultrareliable  platforms  integrate  support  for  multiple  hd  cameras  to  boost  security  and  safety  on  the  streets  and  in  community  spaces  such  as  shopping  areas  and  parks.  a  wealth  of  system  hardware,  camera  integration,  and  software  customization  options  are  available.  /bscol  /bsrow  via  starter  kits  accelerate  the  development  of  affordable  hmi  and  systems  that  enhance  the  delivery  of  smart  city  services
__label__interactivedisplays by  enabling  people  to  view  and  interact  with  relevant  community  news  and  information  in  rich  multimedia  formats.  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  this  starter  kit  includes  a  compact  systemonmodule,  an  optional  reference  carrier  board  featuring  builtin  wifi  and  bluetooth,  and  a  linux  bsp  to  provide  a  versatile  and  costeffective  solution  for  smart  city  signage  and  hmi  systems.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm6  this  starter  kit  features  a  highlyintegrated  board,  an  optional  17  display,  and  a  linux  bsp  optimized  to  enable  html5based  digital  signage  applications  to  provide  a  flexible  and  reliable  solution  for  a  wide  variety  of  transportation  hmi  usage  scenarios.  /bscol  /bsrow  bsrow
__label__interactivedisplays classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  this  starter  kit  comprises  a  highlyintegrated  board,  an  optional  10.1  lvds  projective  capacitive  touch  screen,  an  optional  wifi  module,  and  an  optimized  android  4.2  bsp  to  provide  an  affordable  solution  for  touchbased  transportation  hmi  applications.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm6  this  starter  kit  combines  a  highlyintegrated  3.5  sbc  form  factor  motherboard  with  an  optional  10.1  touch  panel  screen  to  provide  a  robust  solution  for  interactive  multimedia  kiosks  and  signage  systems.  /bscol  /bsrow  combining  an  ultrareliable,  highperformance  system  hardware  platform  with  a  stable  software  framework,  via  systems  enable  the  rapid  development  of  multimediarich  applications  and  services  using  touch,  voice,  and
__label__interactivedisplays wireless  interfaces  for  smart  city  environments.  they  include  a  broad  spectrum  of  robust  and  scalable  systems  with  multiple  customization  options.  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  this  ruggedized  small  form  factor  android  system  can  be  easily  customized  for  a  wide  range  of  outdoor  iot  applications  including  smart  lockers,  vending  machines,  information  kiosks  and  signage.  /bscolbscol  classcolsm6  this  ruggedized  fanless  system  is  an  ultrareliable  highperformance  solution  for  dataintensive  processing  and  monitoring  scenarios  as  well  as  multimedia  infotainment  applications.  /bscol/bsrow  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm6  this  ultracompact  fanless  system  provides  a  highlyintegrated  lowpower  solution  for  transportation  facility  monitoring  and  control  applications  with  multiple  hardware  and
__label__interactivedisplays software  customization  options.  /bscolbscol  classcolsm6  this  robust  ultracompact  fanless  quadcore  system  integrates  a  wealth  of  connectivity  and  networking  features  designed  for  a  wide  range  of  missioncritical  signage,  kiosk,  and  hmi  passenger  information  display  applications.  /bscol/bsrow  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm9  via  streetwise  iot  solutions  are  based  on  a  modular  design  philosophy  that  speeds  up  system  hardware  and  software  optimization  and  customization  for  demanding  commercial  applications.  key  customization  options  include:/bscol  bscol  classcolsm3  /bscol  /bsrow  bsrow  classrow  bscol  classcolsm4  with  a  wide  selection  of  uart,  usb,  gpio,  and  hdmi  ports,  via  streetwise  iot  solutions  provide  flexible  connections  to  modern  and  legacy  systems,  peripherals,
__label__interactivedisplays and  accessories.  gigabit  ethernet,  wifi,  and  4g  options  ensure  highspeed  network  connections  to  smart  phones,  tablets,  and  other  devices.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm4  with  their  ruggedized  form  factors,  low  power  consumption,  and  wide  operating  temperature  ranges,  via  streetwise  iot  solutions  can  be  optimized  to  operate  in  the  most  demanding  outdoor  environments.  /bscol  bscol  classcolsm4  drawing  on  a  wealth  android,  linux  and  windows  software  development  experience  and  expertise  and  easytouse  bsps  and  sdks,  including  the  via  smart  etk,  we  provide  a  complete  range  of  software  customization  services  for  optimizing  the  compatibility,  performance,  i/o  connectivity,  and  peripheral  integration  of  via  streetwise  iot  solutions
__label__interactivedisplays selfservice  kiosks  for  smart  cities  the  objective  of  smart  cities  is  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  citydwellers;  enhance  the  efficiency  and  competitiveness  of  the  economy  and  move  towards  the  sustainability  of  cities  by  improving  resource  efficiency.  our  client,  as  a  key  contributor  to  the  smart  cities  initiative  was  looking  for  a  solution  to  convert  expensive  realestate  being  occupied  by  outdated  payphones  into  productive  applications  with  an  aim  to  also  provide  quick  access  to  public  information,  improve  connectivity  and  generate  additional  revenues  for  the  city.  the  client  and  einfochips  together  conceptualized  a  comprehensive  solution  featuring  a  kiosk  and  an
__label__interactivedisplays touchscreen  tablet  that  can  act  as  a  signage  to  diplay  ads,  and  as  a  wifi  hotspot,  an  interactive  city  guide  and  a  phone  to  place  audio  and  video  calls  all  across  the  us.  einfochips  also  helped  the  client  transform  the  concept  into  an  actual  product  by  providing  engineering  services  to  develop  custom  hardware  and  software.  einfochips,  being  a  licensee  of  snapdragon  processor,  was  able  to  kickstart  the  product  development  leveraging  its  existing  qualcomm  snapdragon  based  single  board  computer.  fill  in  the  details  below  einfochips  .  the  objective  of  smart  cities  is  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  citydwellers;  enhance
__label__interactivedisplays the  efficiency  and  competitiveness  of  the  economy  and  move  towards  the  sustainability  of  cities  by  improving  resource  efficiency.  our  client,  as  a  key  contributor  to  the  smart  cities  initiative  was  looking  for  a  solution  to  convert  expensive  realestate  being  occupied  by  outdated  payphones  into  productive  applications  with  an  aim  to  also  provide  quick  access  to  public  information,  improve  connectivity  and  generate  additional  revenues  for  the  city.  the  client  and  einfochips  together  conceptualized  a  comprehensive  solution  featuring  a  kiosk  and  an  touchscreen  tablet  that  can  act  as  a  signage  to  diplay  ads,  and  as  a  wifi  hotspot,  an  interactive  city  guide
__label__interactivedisplays and  a  phone  to  place  audio  and  video  calls  all  across  the  us.  einfochips  also  helped  the  client  transform  the  concept  into  an  actual  product  by  providing  engineering  services  to  develop  custom  hardware  and  software.  einfochips,  being  a  licensee  of  snapdragon  processor,  was  able  to  kickstart  the  product  development  leveraging  its  existing  qualcomm  snapdragon  based  single  board  computer.  fill  in  the  details  below  einfochips  .  the  objective  of  smart  cities  is  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  citydwellers;  enhance  the  efficiency  and  competitiveness  of  the  economy  and  move  towards  the  sustainability  of  cities  by  improving  resource  efficiency.  our  client,
__label__interactivedisplays as  a  key  contributor  to  the  smart  cities  initiative  was  looking  for  a  solution  to  convert  expensive  realestate  being  occupied  by  outdated  payphones  into  productive  applications  with  an  aim  to  also  provide  quick  access  to  public  information,  improve  connectivity  and  generate  additional  revenues  for  the  city.  the  client  and  einfochips  together  conceptualized  a  comprehensive  solution  featuring  a  kiosk  and  an  touchscreen  tablet  that  can  act  as  a  signage  to  diplay  ads,  and  as  a  wifi  hotspot,  an  interactive  city  guide  and  a  phone  to  place  audio  and  video  calls  all  across  the  us.  einfochips  also  helped  the  client  transform  the
__label__interactivedisplays concept  into  an  actual  product  by  providing  engineering  services  to  develop  custom  hardware  and  software.  einfochips,  being  a  licensee  of  snapdragon  processor,  was  able  to  kickstart  the  product  development  leveraging  its  existing  qualcomm  snapdragon  based  single  board  computer.  fill  in  the  details  below  einfochips  .  2019  einfochips  an  arrow  company,  all  rights  reserved.  know  more  about  arrows  and
__label__interactivedisplays santa  clara,  calif.  prwebmay  13,  2019  optconnect,  a  longtime  leader  in  managed  wireless  services,  today  announced  its  formal  launch  into  the  internet  of  things  iot  market  with  the  creation  of  a  patentpending  smart  embedded  modem  for  iot,  optconnect  ema.  optconnects  combination  of  a  smart  embedded  modem  plus  fully  managed  services  is  the  first  connectivityasaservice  offering  in  the  iot  industry,  and  builds  on  optconnects  unparalleled  managed  services  expertise  to  help  companies  to  quickly  and  costeffectively  deploy  and  scale  their  iot  projects.  optconnect  will  showcase  its  managed  service  offering  with  ema  at  internet  of  things  world  2019  booth  802,  may  1316,  2019,
__label__interactivedisplays at  the  santa  clara  convention  center.  optconnects  iot  managed  services  are  the  ideal  solution  for  customers  across  a  wide  range  of  industries,  including  retail,  energy,  agriculture,  healthcare  and  others,  who  need  to  embed  cellular  wireless  connectivity  into  their  solution  without  the  trial  and  error,  slower  time  to  market  and  cost  normally  associated  with  typical  iot  implementations.  optconnects  comprehensive  solution  includes  24/7/365  carrier  monitoring  and  help  desk  with  onecall  resolution  and  servicelevel  agreements  slas  on  response  time,  multicarrier  support,  device  and  device  management  analytics,  hardware  warranties,  iot  professional  services  and  a  wealth  of  other  capabilities  that  help  companies  move  their  iot
__label__interactivedisplays projects  to  market  quickly  and  costeffectively.  the  introduction  of  ema  positions  optconnect  at  the  top  of  the  iot  managed  services  market  by  delivering  to  customers  a  seamless  wireless  experience  without  the  cost  and  difficulty  of  developing  lowlevel  embedded  wireless  design.  ema  is  a  fully  certified  lte  category  4  smart  embedded  modem  with  an  optimized  developed  wireless  application  that  supports  multicarrier  connectivity  and  includes  embedded  applications  for  missioncritical  device  management  and  managed  services  by  optconnect.  ema  has  an  onboard  microcontroller  with  embedded  firmware  and  software  developed  by  optconnect,  providing  plugandplay  functionality.  building  on  our  vast  experience  in  managed  service  wireless  connectivity
__label__interactivedisplays for  markets  such  as  atms,  digital  signage,  kiosks  and  more,  optconnect  is  entering  the  iot  space  with  a  fully  managed  wireless  service  right  out  of  the  box,  making  it  easy  for  customers  to  quickly  and  costeffectively  scale  their  iot  deployments  and  improve  their  time  to  revenue,  said,  chris  baird,  president  and  ceo,  optconnect.  the  introduction  of  ema  into  this  mix  is  a  gamechanger.  other  companies  that  develop  embedded  modems  leave  the  customer  to  figure  out  the  development,  certification  and  management  on  their  own.  through  our  robust  managed  service  offering,  optconnect  can  save  them  time,  money  and  the  headache  and  hassle
__label__interactivedisplays that  is  usually  experienced  with  typical  iot  connectivity  deployments.  to  learn  more  about  optconnects  managed  service  offerings  and  optconnect  ema,  visit  ,  or  visit  optconnect  at  internet  of  things  world  2019  booth  802,  may  1316,  2019,  at  the  santa  clara  convention  center  in  santa  clara,  california.  optconnect  is  north  americas  leading  provider  of  managed  service  wireless  connectivity  for  atms,  smart  safes,  kiosks,  micro  markets,  digital  signage  and  other  custom  applications.  optconnect  provides  a  secure  and  reliable  monitored  wireless  connection  to  the  internet  for  unattended  equipment  that  is  easy,  lowrisk,  and  convenient:  all  supported  by  a  superior  customer  service  infrastructure.  optconnect
__label__interactivedisplays has  spent  10  years  perfecting  managed  wireless  services  so  that  customers  can  focus  on  their  core  business  strengths  without  having  to  deal  with  the  delays,  complexities,  and  frustrations  of  typical  cellular  deployments.  optconnects  fully  managed  solution  provides  connectivityasaservice  for  m2m  and  iot  applications  that  is  simple  and  easy  to  implement.  media  contact:  calysto  communications  kristine  bennett  4042662060  x13  kfbennettatcalystodotcom  optconnect  kevin  dalton  8019911411  kevin.daltonatoptconnectdotcom  related  silver  bronze  we  promise  not  to  harass  you  with  emails  like  many  do.  good  tip  on  email  autofilter  any  emails  with  word  unsubscribe  into  an  optional  read  folder.  thatll  clean  things  up  silver  bronze
__label__interactivedisplays around  the  world,  governments,  businesses,  innovators,  and  citizens  are  together  designing  smart  cities.  while  they  are  laying  the  foundations  of  smart  cities,  connected  digital  technologies  and  iot  solutions  are  playing  the  central  role.  to  be  honest,  building  smart  cities  is  not  an  easy  task.  it  is  just  like  developing  a  new  civilization  amidst  the  existing  one  that  will  gradually  follow  the  former  and  abundantly  serve  the  next  generation.  so,  as  the  progress  continues,  cities  need  to  focus  holistically  on  quality,  performance,  efficiency,  and  interactivity  of  the  urban  services  as  they  are  delivered  to  the  endusers.  and  while  doing  this,  they
__label__interactivedisplays also  need  to  optimise  the  use  of  resources,  embrace  environmentalfriendly  approaches  and  ultimately  reduce  the  costs.  coming  directly  to  the  point,  unmanned  digital  kiosks  have  the  potential  to  contribute  to  and  address  the  challenges  inclusively.  in  other  words,  smart  city  kiosks  have  endless  possibilities  when  they  are  deployed  as  communication  junctions.  take  for  example  a  single  smart  kiosk  installed  in  a  central  business  district  cbd.  the  kiosk  can  be  integrated  with  free  wifi,  247  ip  surveillance  cameras  and  analytics,  mobile  charging  point,  free  video  calling,  smart  sensor  to  detect  weather  conditions  and  a  lot  more.  these  kiosks  can  also  provide
__label__interactivedisplays visitors  and  citizens  information  about  local  restaurants,  retail  stores,  events  etc.  the  biggest  advantage  of  digital  kiosks  is  that  they  can  be  used  as  a  digital  signage  for  advertisements  and  public  announcements.  as  funding  is  the  most  critical  aspect  of  any  new  undertaking,  by  means  of  advertisements,  cities  can  even  connect  businesses  and  generate  revenues  that  can  be  implemented  in  improving  and  maintaining  the  services.  going  further,  we  have  compiled  three  different  smart  kioskbased  projects  happening  in  asia,  america  and  europe.  while  reading  the  initiatives  you  will  understand  how  useful  it  is  to  have  these  smart  stands  deployed  in  cities.
__label__interactivedisplays south  koreas  largest  wireless  carrier  sk  telecom  and  digital  signage  provider  qvoss  together  have  deployed  a  network  of  smart  city  kiosks  in  daegu  third  largest  city  in  south  korea.  these  smart  kiosks  are  now  important  components  of  disaster  management  infrastructure  in  the  city.  they  relay  vital  public  information  during  a  disaster  including  earthquake,  flood,  or  fire.  besides,  they  can  also  broadcast  city  news  and  provide  location  guidance  to  the  people.  the  digital  kiosks  are  featured  with  highperformance  capacitive  touch  sensors  supplied  by  newcastlebased  zytronic.  these  are  55inch  multitouch  sensors  powered  by  latest  zxy500  controllers  from  zytronic  for  a  network  of
__label__interactivedisplays 10  kiosks  scattered  in  the  city.  according  to  reports,  this  project  is  the  first  ever  commercial  initiative  to  introduce  zxy500  controllers.  daegu  is  a  city  situated  in  a  valley.  hence,  the  temperature  fluctuations  in  the  region  are  highly  distinct.  the  summers  are  very  hot  and  humid,  winters  are  extremely  cold  while  the  rains  keep  the  region  wet.  so,  considering  the  climatic  conditions,  zytronic  integrated  robust  sensors  that  are  capable  of  tolerating  the  extreme  temperatures.  also,  the  touch  screens  integrated  into  the  kiosks  provide  user  experience  just  like  smartphones.  the  technology  equipped  to  the  smart  city  kiosks  ensures  quick  delivery  of
__label__interactivedisplays public  safety  announcements.  the  system  is  completely  reliable  as  it  can  function  unattended  and  look  after  the  citizens  with  selfservice  applications.  these  intelligent  digital  kiosks  serve  as  vital  instruments  in  urban  environments  as  they  keep  the  city  connected  with  the  citizens  even  in  the  most  sensitive  circumstances  while  guiding  the  citizens  and  visitors  on  a  daily  basis.  the  largest  city  in  the  us,  philadelphia  has  gone  a  little  bit  innovative  in  delivering  exciting  smart  city  kiosks  in  the  region.  the  city  is  aiming  at  creating  a  modern  public  infrastructure  that  people  would  love  to  have.  to  fulfil  the  goal,  linkphl
__label__interactivedisplays is  supporting  philadelphia  by  offering  versatile  kiosks.  linkphl  is  a  provision  by  intersection,  a  media  and  smart  cities  tech  company  that  has  signed  an  agreement  with  the  office  of  transportation,  infrastructure,  and  sustainability  otis.  the  intersection  is  working  on  installing  100  linkphl  kiosks  in  cbd  areas  where  pedestrian  traffic  is  high.  the  smart  kiosks  offer  mobile  device  charging  points,  free  superfast  wifi  service,  phone  call  facility  and  access  to  maps  and  directions,  municipal  emergency  services,  arts,  and  cultural  information  all  at  free  of  cost.  with  important  information  on  community  events,  news,  weather  and  public  initiatives,  people  will  be  able  to
__label__interactivedisplays engage  well  with  the  city.  plus,  the  interactive  maps  will  help  locate  the  nearest  available  linkphl  hotspots  while  helping  visitors  with  routes.  another  big  thing  about  linkphl  kiosks  is  that  it  will  also  act  as  digital  signage  displaying  advertisements.  this  will  help  the  city  in  offsetting  with  the  costs  of  installation,  maintenance  and  timely  upgrade  of  the  smart  kiosks.  advertising  on  these  linkphl  kiosks  is  anticipated  to  generate  millions  of  dollars  of  revenue  in  the  city  an  effective  way  to  fund  public  services.  linkphl  kiosks  in  philadelphia  show  how  effectively  digital  kiosks  can  connect  cities,  communities,  people,  and  businesses  together.
__label__interactivedisplays it  is  a  step  any  city  in  the  world  can  take  to  improve  life  in  the  urban  space.  cities  in  finland  are  planning  at  installing  stateoftheart  digital  kiosks  which  will  act  as  gateways  for  multiple  services.  agora  networks,  a  technology  company  is  working  on  deploying  about  200  smart  kiosks  across  the  cities  in  the  country.  the  project  is  set  to  be  accomplished  by  the  end  of  2019.  according  to  agora  networks,  the  smart  city  kiosks  will  serve  as  pick  up  and  dropoff  points  for  services  such  as  online  shopping  deliveries  and  secondhand  items.  the  revenue  generated  from  the  advertisements  displayed
__label__interactivedisplays on  the  kiosks  will,  in  turn,  reduce  the  costs  of  product  deliveries  to  consumers.  konecranes  agilon,  a  lifting  equipment  firm  will  provide  the  base  for  technology  while  kajaanibased  digital  signage  company  symbicon  will  supply  the  digital  displays  for  advertisements.  after  the  digital  kiosks  from  agora  networks  are  installed,  consumers  will  be  able  to  order  product  deliveries  from  online  shopping  sites  directly  to  these  kiosks.  currently,  the  company  has  approached  postnord  that  offers  online  shopping  deliveries  directly  to  consumers.  the  tech  company  agora  is  also  working  on  collaborating  with  international  couriers.  apart  from  the  use  of  kiosks  as  the  delivery  junctions,
__label__interactivedisplays it  will  also  have  integrated  wifi  or  5g  service  and  sensors  for  air  quality  measurement.  the  first  agora  kiosk  rollout  was  done  at  the  postnord  terminal  in  vantaa  in  may  2018  and  the  second  installation  took  place  in  helsinki  in  november  2018.  going  beyond  this,  the  facilities  provided  by  the  smart  kiosks  could  be  extended  in  the  future.  for  example,  the  kiosks  could  also  include  services  such  as  pharmacies  and  libraries  depending  on  the  demand.  meaning  that  people  could  buy  medicines  even  after  a  drug  store  closes  or  rent  a  book  even  before  a  library  opens.  agora  networks  hopes  to
__label__interactivedisplays roll  out  the  smart  kiosks  in  other  cities  around  the  world  in  the  next  year.  looking  at  the  variety  of  kioskbased  initiatives  taking  place  in  different  parts  of  the  world,  it  is  apparent  that  digital  kiosks  have  a  bigger  role  to  play  then  imagined.  perhaps,  it  might  turn  out  as  a  perfect  solution  to  improve  services,  reduce  costs,  optimise  resource  management  and  mitigate  environmental  issues  in  smart  cities  from  a  single  point.  the  possibilities  are  endless,  and  so  are  benefits  start  date:  end  date:  location:  placemaking  is  more  than  just  creating  better  public  spaces  its  about  drawing  together  expert  practitioners
__label__interactivedisplays and  citizens  to  collectively  shape  and  transform  australian  regions  and  cities.  the  movement  is  gaining  momentum  here  in  australia  but  theres  still  plenty  to  learn,  with  an  abundance  of  emerging  frameworks  and  design  processes  to  untangle  and  who  start  date:  end  date:  location:  humanism  of  cities  has  become  vital  in  integrating  communities  and  preserving  the  natural  environment.  with  the  population  in  cities  on  the  rise,  landscape  architects  play  an  integral  role  in  reinventing  nature  and  developing  connected  sustainable  cities.  urban  planners  and  landscape  architects  have  the  power  to  regulate  urban  expansion  and  environmental  degradation.  under  the  theme  of
__label__interactivedisplays have  an  account?  need  an  account?  by  managing  editor,  cisco.com  iot  devices  are  becoming  part  of  a  smart  city  infrastructure  that  can  combat  the  strain  of  city  growth,  from  traffic  control  to  environmental  issues.  as  their  populations  balloon,  cities  face  opportunities  and  challenges.  an  influx  of  new  residents  and  visitors  can  enliven  a  citys  economy  and  generate  revenue.  at  the  same  time,  more  people  in  urban  areas  strain  resources.  cities  are  turning  to  internet  of  things  technologies  to  alleviate  the  burden  and  create  economic  growth.  the  trend  toward  urbanization  is  undeniable.  global  city  populations  are  from  3.6  billion  to  6.3
__label__interactivedisplays billion  by  2050more  than  60.  las  vegas  is  no  exception.  over  the  past  10  years,  the  city  has  experienced  a  40  increase  in  its  population  and  expects  50  growth  over  the  next  decade.  these  explosions  in  city  expansion  have  sprouted  new  challenges  and  exacerbate  existing  ones,  including  traffic  congestion,  environmental  problems  and  safety  issues.  growing  cities  need  new  ways  to  solve  ageold  infrastructure  problems.  to  address  its  issues,  las  vegas  turned  to  the  cisco  ,  which  aggregates  data  from  disparate  internet  of  things  iotconnected  sources:  sensors,  mobile  devices  and  video  cameras.  the  goal  is  to  promote  a  better  experience  for
__label__interactivedisplays people  using  city  services  and  help  agencies  providing  those  services  with  better  data  at  the  ready.  munish  khetrapal  of  cisco  left  and  michael  sherwood,  cio  of  the  city  of  las  vegas  we  want  you  to  be  enriched  by  the  experience  you  have  in  our  city,  said  michael  sherwood,  chief  information  officer  for  the  city  of  las  vegas  at  a  session  on  smart  city  infrastructure  and  iot  technology  at  in  june.  the  cisco  digital  platform  works  with  applications  that  can  automate  street  and  traffic  lights,  optimize  trash  pickup  and  augment  surveillance  and  crime  prevention.  fifty  billion  iotconnected  devices  are  expected  by
__label__interactivedisplays 2020;  of  those  20  billion  sensors  will  be  connected  in  cities  alone,  said  munish  khetrapal,  managing  director  of  solutions  at  cisco,  in  the  session.  analyzing  data  quickly  enables  the  city  to  identify  potentially  dangerous  situations  and  take  action.  that  means  you  dont  have  trashcans  that  are  overflowing  or  have  you  walk  into  the  street  and  get  hit  by  a  car,  sherwood  said.  now  we  can  create  a  better  experience  for  everybody.  las  vegas  is  using  iot  sensors  to  manage  its  traffic  congestion  and  environmental  issues.  for  instance,  if  a  driver  is  waiting  at  a  red  light  at  1:00  a.m.,  the
__label__interactivedisplays sensors  can  gather  carbon  dioxide  levels  and  ambient  traffic  conditions  and  determine  whether  its  safe  to  turn  the  traffic  light  greenrather  than  let  a  car  sit  at  a  red  light  generating  exhaust.  this  is  how  we  can  use  the  infrastructure  smartly,  sherwood  said.  the  city  chose  cisco  for  its  smart  city  initiative  because  we  already  use  cisco  telephony  and  networks.  it  was  a  logical  choice  to  extend  our  foundation  and  thread  it  out,  sherwood  said.  las  vegas  also  wants  to  leverage  the  platforms  open  data  architecture  to  allow  thirdpartydeveloped  applications  to  draw  on  a  wide  variety  of  datacompliant  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays citys  datause  policies.  the  cisco  platform  has  enabled  other  cities  to  bolster  safety  and  ensure  broader  access  to  health  care  information  and  services.khetrapal  recounted  that  in  jaipur,  india,  on  a  particular  section  of  city  roadway,  there  were  about  4,000  accidents  annually,  and  the  city  had  no  idea  why.  after  installing  iot  sensors  and  video  cameras,  city  officials  learned  that  more  than  70  of  accidents  were  attributable  to  drivers  going  the  wrong  way  down  the  road.  jaipur  police  used  the  information  to  significantly  reduce  the  number  of  accidents  on  the  road.  access  to  data  completely  changed  the  paradigm,  khetrapal  said.  sensors
__label__interactivedisplays in  jaipur  also  provide  information  on  environmental  factors  like  pollution  as  well  as  on  available  parking  spots  and  tourist  information  at  kiosks.  smart  city  infrastructure  is  also  enabling  more  efficient  and  healthboosting  city  services.  trash  pickup  today  in  granada,  spain,  is  still  manual:  a  truck  stops  at  every  house  on  a  given  street  and  checks  bins.  but  granada  is  in  the  process  of  connecting  14,000  waste  bins  across  the  city  using  sensors  that  will  bring  data  into  the  cisco  platform.  data  about  which  bins  need  emptying  will  soon  make  garbage  truck  routes  more  efficientquite  an  improvement  considering  the  serpentine  system
__label__interactivedisplays of  oneway  streets.  ultimately,  greater  automation  of  waste  management  could  save  the  city  millions  and  reduce  the  carbon  emitted  by  garbage  trucks  stopping  at  empty  bins.  amsterdam  in  the  netherlands  is  also  using  smart  city  infrastructure  and  connected  lighting  to  reduce  costs  and  boost  safety.  the  pilot  project,  in  concert  with  philips,  enabled  the  city  to  install  iotconnected  energyefficient  lightemitting  diodes  or  leds,  which  can  save  a  city  up  to  13  billion  a  year,  according  to  a  philips  estimate.  while  this  is  a  start,  cities  need  more  aggressive,  longterm  energy  savings.  for  more  connected  lighting  technologiesadaptive  to  and  interoperable  with
__label__interactivedisplays other  systemsare  needed.  to  bring  smart  city  infrastructure  to  the  next  level,  the  internet  of  everything  ,  a  joint  effort  is  required  to  realize  the  vision  of  smart  connected  cities,  enabling  meaningful  innovation.  a  photo  of  a  mural  depicting  it  pros  as  superheroes  at  cisco  live  2017  while  many  cities  have  started  down  the  road  of  a  smart  city  initiative,  some  encounter  challenges  that  come  with  data  silos.  according  to  an  informationweek  report,  17,000  state  and  local  law  enforcement  agencies  in  the  u.s.  .  moreover,  according  to  mckinsey  co.,  if  unlocked,  data  silos  could  .  information  becomes  more  valuable  as
__label__interactivedisplays it  is  shared,  less  valuable  as  it  is  hoarded,  noted  opendatapolicy  advocates  in  calling  for  cities  to  adopt  an  .  opening  data  makes  cities  more  transparent  and  also  enables  more  efficient  and  costeffective  delivery  of  public  services,  according  to  the  smart  cities  open  data  guide  .  sherwood  said  adopting  open  data  policies  in  localities  around  las  vegas  will  allow  communities  to  share  services  rather  than  duplicate  them.  if  systems  are  interoperable  and  can  share  data,  central  las  vegas  could  potentially  take  over  urban  services  management  for  lesswellfinanced  cities,  like  north  las  vegas.  if  i  have  the  efficiency,  the  automation  and
__label__interactivedisplays the  capabilities,  why  should  north  las  vegas  have  to  continue  to  collect  trash?  iot  is  going  to  revolutionize  government;  it  wont  be  sectioned  by  geographic  boundariesits  going  to  be  open,  sherwood  predicted.  sherwood  noted  that  data  exchange  improves  consumer  experience.  what  were  doing  with  iot  is  making  your  experience  better  by  bringing  all  this  data  togetherbeing  able  to  shuttle  it  around  between  partners.  an  app  could,  for  instance,  combine  rental  car  data  with  traffic  data  and  other  information,  which  could  be  fed  to  wearable  wristbands  or  smartphones  for  navigation,  mobile  payments  and  hotel  room  keys.  at  the  same  time,  data
__label__interactivedisplays privacy  advocates  voice  concern  about  the  implications  of  data  sharing.  data  privacy  is  already  an  issue  with  iot  devices,  particularly  after  recent  critical  breaches.  privacy  proponents  worry  that  third  parties  given  access  to  data  may  not  be  careful  stewards.  iot  devices  have  also  been  hacked  in  breaches  likethe  .  ciscos  khetrapal  concurred  that  data  security  is  a  critical  consideration,  particularly  regarding  data  ownership:  city  agencies  may  own  their  own  data  but  must  provide  access  to  others  to  reap  the  benefits.  policies  must  address  data  management  that  includes  significant  granularityagencies  can  share  data  by  user,  location  and  so  onand  complexity,  where
__label__interactivedisplays data  access  can  be  licensed  on  the  basis  of  time,  compliance,  or  other  factors.  sherwood  said  he  expects  persuading  constituencies  to  share  data  will  be  an  ongoing  challenge.  a  lot  of  it  is  territorial.  but  its  about  me  educating  vendors.  he  has  to  demonstrate  the  roi  of  sharing  data  and  building  reciprocity  among  agencies  and  partners.  so,  for  example,  the  rtc  had  a  mobile  app  that  gets  little  usage  compared  with  the  .  sherwood  persuaded  rtc  to  share  data  with  the  city  of  las  vegas,  and  together  they  are  now  building  an  app  that  allows  riders  to  hold  a  smartphone
__label__interactivedisplays up  at  a  bus  location  and  learn  when  the  next  bus  will  arrive.  ultimately,  this  will  tie  into  mobile  payments  on  smartphones  as  well.  for  cios  like  sherwood,  change  doesnt  come  easily,  and  implementing  iot  and  smart  city  technologies  can  be  less  challenging  than  orchestrating  the  organizational  change  that  comes  with  new  technologies  like  iot  and  smart  city  initiatives.  youre  changing  the  way  you  do  business  when  you  start  implementing  iot,  sherwood  said.  while  i  might  be  the  chief  information  officer,  im  a  really  business  processchange  person.  now  im  going  to  a  department  that  used  to  send  a  truck  up
__label__interactivedisplays and  down  the  street  every  day  and  check  a  trashcan;  now  were  going  to  change  that  methodology.  i  have  to  be  able  to  explain  how  were  going  to  change  operations.  sherwood  said  some  organizations  develop  analysis  paralysis  with  smart  city  projects  and  dont  know  where  to  start.  they  may  not  know  whether  to  connect  street  lights,  traffic  lights,  surveillance  cameras  or  other  elements.  people  always  ask  me,  where  do  you  start?  the  main  thing  is  starting,  sherwood  stressed.  find  a  business  problem  and  then  find  the  technology  around  that  to  solve  that  problem.  lauren  horwitz  is  the  managing  editor  of
__label__interactivedisplays cisco.com,  where  she  covers  the  it  infrastructure  market  and  develops  content  strategy.  previously,  horwitz  was  a  senior  executive  editor  in  the  business  applications  and  architecture  group  at  techtarget;,  a  senior  editor  at  cutter  consortium,  an  it  research  firm;  and  an  editor  at  the  american  prospect,  a  political  journal.  she  has  received  awards  from  american  society  of  business  publication  editors  asbpe,  a  min  best  of  the  web  award  and  the  kimmerling  prize  for  best  graduate  paper  for  her  editing  work  on  the  journal  article  the  fluid  jurisprudence  of  israels  emergency  powers.
__label__interactivedisplays verizon  joins  the  kiosk  craze  with  ,  a  private  company  in  new  york  with  a  product  that  appears  similar  to  the  linknyc  hubs  now  scattered  throughout  select  areas  of  manhattan.  terms  of  the  deal  were  not  disclosed,  but  verizon  exhibited  with  lqd  at  ctia  super  mobility  2016  in  september,  suggesting  that  the  two  companies  have  been  working  together  at  least  since  late  summer.  at  the  same  event,  lqd  unveiled  its  flagship  palo  kiosk  product.  palo  is  a  towering  piece  of  hardware  that  offers  informational  services,  broadband  connectivity  and  public  safety  features.  it  includes  multiple  lcd  displays  as  well  as  sensors,
__label__interactivedisplays a  camera,  a  mobile  charging  station  and  street  lighting.  lqd  currently  has  a  partnership  in  place  with  the  city  of  new  rochelle  in  the  new  york  suburb  to  deploy  its  palo  kiosks.  in  a  statement,  new  rochelle  city  manager  charles  b.  strome,  iii  said:  these  attractive  kiosks  will  invite  residents  and  visitors  to  engage  with  our  city,  for  everything  from  parks,  cultural  events  and  local  businesses,  to  job  opportunities  and  emergency  messaging,  and  they  will  connect  with  the  world  around  them  through  highspeed  public  wifi.  the  move  by  nyse:  vz  to  acquire  lqd  comes  amid  a  highprofile  campaign  by  the
__label__interactivedisplays company  to  gain  traction  in  the  emerging  smart  cities  sector.  verizon  has  listed  smart  cities  as  one  of  five  critical  areas  of  focus  for  its  business  and  has  bought  up  several  smaller  organizations  to  add  to  its  related  internet  of  things  technology  portfolio.  prior  to  buying  lqd,  verizon  acquired  networked  lighting  company  sensity  in  september,  as  well  as  two  fleet  management  companies  telogis  and  fleetmatics  in  june  and  august,  respectively.  see  .  meanwhile,  linknyc  has  paved  the  way  for  verizons  entry  into  the  kiosk  market  with  the  rollout  of  its  link  installations  in  the  big  apple.  however,  there  is  limited
__label__interactivedisplays information  to  date  on  how  much  usage  the  links  get  or  whether  theyre  paying  off  for  advertisers  and  the  city.  in  fact,  the  most  publicity  that  linknyc  has  received  since  its  launch  in  january  came  when  the  citybridge  consortium  behind  the  project  decided  to  shut  off  internet  access  on  the  display  screens  as  a  solution  to  the  problem  of  citizens  using  link  kiosks  to  view  porn.  see  and  .  in  other  linknyc  news,  citybridge  did  announce  today  that  its  now  deployed  its  first  links  in  brooklyn  and  staten  island.  and  intersection,  one  of  the  participating  companies  in  the  citybridge  consortium,
__label__interactivedisplays announced  just  last  month  that  its  partnered  with  for  a  linkuk  project  that  will  bring  connected  kiosks  to  london  next  year.  see  the  smart  cities  movement  continues  to  grow  as  both  public  and  private  institutions  invest  in  the  infrastructure  and  applications  that  will  ultimately  define  smart  city  development.  earlier  this  year,  the  us  department  of  transportation  hosted  a  smart  city  challenge,  and  numerous  tech  and  telecom  companies  raced  to  partner  with  the  government  for  the  nationwide  contest.  columbus,  ohio  was  named  the  winner  of  the  challenge  in  june.  partnering  companies  in  the  initiative  include  s  sidewalk  labs  also  an  investor
__label__interactivedisplays thinkstock  the  internet  of  things  has  shifted  from  an  emerging  idea  into  an  established  industry  in  its  own  right  one  that  smart  cities  will  be  an  integral  part  of.  leverage  iot  and  networking  to  make  urban  living  more  efficient  and  convenient  through  everything  from  smart  traffic  lights  and  datadriven  schemes,  to  electric  vehicle  ev  charging  stations  and  interactive  kiosks  that  offer  free  broadband.  this  article  explores  10  of  the  best  a  list  of  smart  cities  projects  currently  operating  around  the  world  that  could  change  how  future  urban  environments  look  forever.  we  start  our  journey  in  london,  where  digital  catapult  is
__label__interactivedisplays working  with  smbs  and  enterprise  players  to  boost  the  number  of  digital  businesses  going  online.  as  the  business  landscape  changes,  it  is  important  that  companies  leverage  technology  to  evolve,  too.  changing  consumer  demands,  a  global  platform  and  are  all  prompting  the  shift,  and  investment  now  is  needed  to  stay  ahead  of  the  game.  digital  catapult  leverages  technology  including  iot,  big  data,  machine  learning,  artificial  intelligence  and  nextgeneration  networks  to  help  companies  scale  up  their  operations  and  find  new  revenue  streams,  markets  and  business  opportunities.  the  uk  government  and  the  european  union  are  keen  to  leverage  technology  to  keep  business  booming
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  capital.  digital  catapult  has  worked  with  over  2,000  small  businesses  and  has  won  3.8  million  in  eu  research  funding  to  push  forward  more  than  40  projects  to  help  digitize  business  in  london.  according  to  the  company,  such  projects  have  contributed  over  5  million  to  the  uks  digital  economy.  however,  digital  catapult  is  not  stopping  there.  the  organization  plans  to  play  a  key  role  in  bringing  the  internet  of  things  to  englands  capital  city.  in  september  2016,  the  firm  launched  ,  a  program  designed  to  give  businesses  the  opportunity  to  leverage  iot  technology  in  the  capital.  working  alongside  companies
__label__interactivedisplays including  bt  and  future  cities  catapult,  as  well  as  imperial  college  london,  kings  college  london,  ucl  and  queen  mary  university,  the  smart  city  project  is  providing  businesses  across  london  with  50  base  stations  during  its  initial  phase,  with  more  planned  and  support  for  additional  lowpower  wide  area  network  lpwan  technologies  as  the  network  expands.  lorawan  is  a  media  access  control  mac  layer  protocol  that  is  designed  for  vast  public  network  construction.  the  protocol  allows  a  single  operator  to  control  the  wan,  as  all  frequencies  are  the  same  and  each  gateway  is  tied  to  the  same  server.  according  to  digital  catapult,
__label__interactivedisplays the  network  will  act  as  a  safe  area  for  businesses  to  test  emerging  iot  technologies  for  free.  companies  will  be  able  to  test  how  iot  solutions  will  work  over  the  lowpower  public  network  which  can  support  millions  of  connected  devices  to  iron  out  any  problems  before  this  list  of  smart  cities  projects  goes  public.  the  company  hopes  that  the  network  will  drive  innovation  in  the  iot  field  in  industries  including  city  infrastructure,  traffic,  and  .  for  example,  by  using  the  network  to  pull  data  from  traffic  sensors,  city  officials  would  be  able  to  map  out  and  provide  safer  journey  routes
__label__interactivedisplays for  travels  that  avoid  areas  known  for  traffic  or  high  accident  rates.  in  2015,  google  launched  smart  cities  startup  .  the  company  specializes  in  urban  smart  city  projects  that  assist  governments  in  managing  the  cities  they  are  responsible  for  more  effectively.  sidewalk  labs,  based  in  new  york,  styles  itself  as  an  urban  innovation  company  that  uses  smart  technology  to  solve  real  world  problems  in  cities.  from  the  companys  list  of  smart  cities  projects,  overseen  by  sidewalk  labs  company  intersection  has  installed  interactive  kiosks  across  new  york  city  to  replace  old,  worn  and  redundant  payphones.  when  the  linknyc  project  was  announced
__label__interactivedisplays in  december  2015,  new  york  city  mayor  bill  de  blasio  said  the  kiosks  would  help  bridge  the  digital  divide  by  giving  nyc  residents  access  to  the  most  important  tool  of  the  21st  century  the  internet.  the  link  smart  kiosks  give  city  residents  free  access  to  gigabitspeed  wifi  and  allow  visitors  to  tap  into  useful  services  including  maps,  advice  and  emergency  services.  the  links  also  feature  a  touchscreen  tablet  for  browsing  the  web  and  offer  mobile  connectivity  for  smartphones,  tablets,  laptops  and  smartwatches.  the  initial  linknyc  phase  aims  to  install  7,500  links  across  all  five  boroughs  of  the  city.  sidewalk  labs
__label__interactivedisplays said  an  estimated  500  million  will  be  generated  for  both  the  city  of  new  york  and  the  company  through  linknyc  the  latter  of  which  generates  revenue  through  advertisements  shown  in  the  kiosk  terminals.  wants  to  help  cities  combat  economic  loss  by  becoming  smog  free.  according  to  the  world  health  organization  who,  urban  smog  is  becoming  worse,  with  over  worldwide  breathing  air  polluted  beyond  safe  limits.  the  agency  said  that  this  contributes  to  more  than  3  million  deaths  annually,  with  health  issues  caused  by  smog  resulting  in  an  economic  loss  of  per  year  in  the  eu  alone.  one  answer  would  be
__label__interactivedisplays to  plant  more  trees,  right?  unfortunately,  cities  limited  free  space  means  this  is  rarely  a  viable  option.  green  city  solutions  has  come  up  with  a  workaround  that  addresses  the  space  issue,  bringing  together  plant  life  and  iot  technology  to  improve  air  quality  without  requiring  vast  amounts  of  land.  the  companys  citytree  is  a  bioengineered  vertical  stand  that  reaches  4  meters  high.  the  stand  is  able  to  purify  the  air  around  it  with  capacity  equivalent  to  275  trees,  while  taking  up  99  less  ground  space.  according  to  denes  honus,  ceo  and  cofounder  of  the  startup,  the  citytree  is  able  to  scour
__label__interactivedisplays the  air  clean  of  harmful  city  pollutants  including  nitrous  oxide,  carbon  dioxide  and  particle  matter  including  fine  dust,  which  can  be  hazardous  to  the  lungs  of  residents  and  workers.  the  citytree  is  based  on  biotechnology  and  utilizes  a  special  moss  culture  that  attracts  pollutants  and  converts  such  toxins  into  its  own  biomass.  the  executive  said  that  each  citytree  installation  is  able  to  reduce  pollution  levels  within  50  meters  up  to  30,  and  as  each  citytree  takes  up  so  little  ground  space,  the  products  are  95  more  cost  effective  than  relying  on  more  natural,  leafy  means.  the  moss  literally  eats  the
__label__interactivedisplays air  pollution,  honus  said.  while  the  moss  is  doing  its  work,  iot  technology  comes  in  to  support  the  citytree  by  monitoring  for  any  operational  problems  and  alerting  users  when  maintenance  is  required.  since  2014,  the  citytrees  in  oslo,  norway;  dresden  and  klingenthal,  germany;  hong  kong;  and  paris.  law  enforcement  agencies  are  turning  toward  technology  and  science  in  droves  in  the  fight  against  crime.  last  year  the  u.s.  justice  departments  office  of  justice  programs  ojp  committed  for  programs  that  utilize  technology  and  science  to  reduce  crime  rates,  and  in  some  cities,  private  firms  are  already  working  with  the  police  to  put
__label__interactivedisplays smart  solutions  at  work.  in  new  york  city,  the  nypd  is  collaborating  with  ,  a  gunfire  detection  system  optimized  for  civilian  applications.  the  technology  is  being  tested  in  the  u.s.  city  as  part  of  a  twoyear  pilot  program,  and  shotspotter  systems  have  been  installed  in  seven  bronx  precincts  as  well  as  10  in  brooklyn,  covering  a  range  of  15  square  miles.  according  to  the  firm,  the  gunfire  detection  system  can  not  only  detect  different  types  of  weaponry  as  it  is  being  fired  but  is  also  able  to  monitor  an  area  250  times  bigger  than  standard  point  protection  sensors  used  in
__label__interactivedisplays the  military  can  the  equivalent  being  3,000  times  the  coverage  of  a  typical  countersniper  sensor.  shotspotter  say  they  help  law  enforcement  do  more  with  less,  and  the  intelligenceled  policing  solution  reduces  wasted  police  time  by  helping  the  force  respond  more  effectively  to  true  emergencies  and  shootings.  in  addition,  data  collected  by  shotspotter  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  analyze  and  discern  trends,  patterns  and  criminal  hot  spots  in  urban  areas.  one  of  todays  major  problems  in  cities  is  traffic  and  congestion.  not  only  is  time  wasted  while  people  idle  their  working  day  away  staring  at  the  windshield  and  cursing  traffic
__label__interactivedisplays lights,  but  heavy  congestion  results  in  high  pollution  levels,  parking  problems  and  general  driver  frustration.  telensa  is  dedicated  to  finding  a  smarter  way  to  deal  with  this  common  urban  issue.  the  company,  based  in  both  cambridge,  uk  and  minsk,  belarus,  offers  that  aims  to  make  finding  available  parking  spaces  less  of  a  chore  for  drivers,  as  well  as  to  lower  city  congestion  rates  and  reduce  road  law  enforcement  costs.  the  companys  idea  is  relatively  simple.  the  onstreet  parking  monitoring  system,  dubbed  parket,  uses  a  series  of  magnetic  sensors  set  into  the  road  surface  to  detect  when  a  car  parks  over
__label__interactivedisplays the  device.  when  this  pressure  is  detected,  a  message  is  automatically  sent  to  a  central  database  through  a  lowpower,  widearea  ultra  narrow  band  unb  radio  system  to  update  the  status  of  the  parking  space.  the  bay  sensor  systems  server  lets  operators  keep  an  eye  on  parking  availability,  but  consumers  can  also  access  this  information  through  a  web  interface  to  find  out  when  and  where  parking  is  available  which  cuts  down  the  time  spent  hunting  for  space  and  clogging  up  the  road  while  they  do  so.  telensas  parket  has  been  deployed  in  through  a  partnership  with  infrastructure  firm  gorizont.  moscow  is
__label__interactivedisplays the  largest  deployment  to  date  and  has  the  potential  to  cover  70,000  parking  spaces.  according  to  telensa,  city  congestion  has  been  cut  by  over  a  quarter  since  installation,  and  as  a  scalable,  lowcost  and  low  battery  life  smart  parking  system  parket  can  be  installed  for  a  fraction  of  the  cost  of  more  surveillanceheavy  alternatives.  not  every  city  has  the  funds,  or  will,  to  explore  smart  technologies.  however,  kansas  city  considers  investment  in  areas  such  as  smart  sensors,  traffic  lights,  wifi  connectivity  and  interactive  kiosks  as  a  badge  of  honor.  kansas  citys  project,  a  series  of  iot  city  initiatives  made  possible
__label__interactivedisplays through  a  15.7  million  public/private  partnership  with  cisco,  sprint  and  think  big  partners,  has  been  built  from  the  ground  up  to  improve  the  lives  of  residents.  kansas  city  itself  has  invested  3.8  million  into  expanding  the  smart  city  corridor,  a  2milelong  stretch  that  also  hosts  the  citys  kc  streetcar,  a  wifi  connected  tram  that  transports  passengers  from  different  neighborhoods  to  downtown.  along  the  route,  residents  can  travel  for  free  and  connect  to  wifi  through  project  partner  ciscos  scheme.  the  network  facilitates  an  open  wifi  network  for  residents  and  25  interactive  kiosks  along  the  streetcar  line,  which  grants  access  to  city
__label__interactivedisplays services,  local  business  information,  public  digital  art  and  entertainment.  last  year  bob  bennett,  kansas  citys  chief  innovation  officer,  said  the  kiosks  alone  have  generated  200,000  in  revenue  for  the  city.  u.s.  telecommunications  provider  verizon  is  another  company  keen  to  expand  into  the  iot  and  smart  city  space.  verizon  touts  machinetomachine  m2m  learning  technologies  as  a  way  for  city  officials  to  control  and  improve  urban  transport,  resource  management,  energy  usage  and  public  safety.  in  charlotte,  north  carolina,  the  firms  are  being  utilized  through  the  scheme,  a  project  designed  to  help  businesses  in  the  city  to  reduce  greenhouse  gases  and  increase  energy
__label__interactivedisplays efficiency  through  internet  of  things  technology.  the  project,  running  from  july  2015  to  july  2018,  utilizes  placed  strategically  around  the  city  that  gather  information  relating  to  energy  usage.  envision  charlotte  has  already  achieved  an  energy  reduction  level  of  8.4,  saving  businesses  an  estimated  10  million.  over  70  buildings,  including  the  bank  of  america  plaza,  city  hall,  the  county  courthouse  and  federal  reserve  bank,  host  these  systems,  which  monitor  energy  use  and  provide  statistics  in  real  time  through  4g  lte.  san  diego  is  a  u.s.  city  that  wants  to  be  known  for  clean  living  and  energy  use.  almost  40  of  californias
__label__interactivedisplays carbon  dioxide  emissions  come  from  transport,  and  to  chip  away  at  this  figure  in  support  of  renewable  and  sustainable  options,  san  diego  is  making  resident  adoption  of  electric  vehicles  evs  a  priority  by  providing  the  infrastructure  required  to  make  this  possible.  the  city  is  working  with  a  multitude  of  companies  on  a  range  of  initiatives,  all  of  which  aim  to  promote  ev  adoption  through  education,  research  and  the  installation  of  thousands  of  ev  charging  stations.  according  to  city  statistics,  there  are  20,738  evs  on  the  road  in  san  diego  and  1,058  public  charging  stations  are  in  use.  in  addition,  san
__label__interactivedisplays diego  has  72  operating  dc  fast  chargers,  which  are  suitable  for  rapid  vehicle  charging  in  busy  areas.  however,  san  diego  is  far  from  finished,  as  the  city  hopes  to  eventually  have  at  least  available  for  use  by  residents.  it  all  began  with  potholes.  on  the  streets  of  ,  potholes  are  one  of  the  constant  annoyances  of  city  life,  alongside  other  problems  you  get  in  most  major  cities  graffiti,  antisocial  behaviour  and  the  illegal  dumping  of  garbage.  in  2009,  city  officials  designed  to  try  something  new  to  tackle  the  problem  and  clean  up  the  streets  of  boston  by  turning  to  mobile
__label__interactivedisplays technology.  launched  with  local  technology  company  connected  bits,  ,  formerly  known  as  citizens  connect,  became  the  solution.  if  you  spotted  something  wrong  in  your  city,  traditionally,  you  would  need  to  ring  up  the  council,  report  the  problem  through  a  help  line  and  then,  later,  spend  time  and  energy  following  up  on  the  call.  the  bos:311  mobile  application  gives  residents  the  chance  to  bypass  that  process  by  instantly  reporting  city  issues  including  potholes,  graffiti,  blocked  drains  and  faulty  street  lights  and  then  both  easily  and  quickly  chase  up  the  problem.  once  a  report  has  been  submitted  together  with  pictures  taken  through
__label__interactivedisplays a  smartphone  or  tablets  camera,  the  app  feeds  the  report  automatically  into  the  citys  work  order  system.  the  report  is  also  assigned  a  unique  number,  enabling  it  to  be  tracked  by  residents  to  stay  uptodate  with  the  case.  these  reports  can  also  be  shared  with  others  digitally  or  posted  on  social  media,  and  once  the  problem  is  resolved,  the  case  is  closed.  the  app  is  the  embodiment  of  what  boston  calls  participatory  urbanism  a  way  for  citizens  to  become  more  involved  in  the  running  of  their  city.  japan  is  often  the  source  of  new,  exciting  technology.  however,  the  island  isnt
__label__interactivedisplays without  its  problems;  little  land  is  suitable  for  urban  development  due  to  mountainous  terrain  and  there  is  a  need  to  constantly  import  energy  supplies  especially  due  to  the  2011  tsunami  and  earthquake  that  caused  the  countrys  fukushima  daiichi  nuclear  reactors  to  go  into  meltdown.  to  help  combat  energy  issues  and  encourage  japan  as  a  nation  to  become  more  selfsustainable  and  smarter,  panasonic  has  been  delving  into  iot  and  smart  technology.  the  result?  the  sst.  located  in  fujisawa  city,  sst  opened  in  2014  with  the  sale  of  220  homes  worth  500,000  each  more  expensive  than  the  norm,  but  nowhere  close  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  price  tag  for  homes  in  nearby  tokyo.  the  town  now  supports  330  households,  and  when  completed  in  2020,  will  house  roughly  3,000  residents  in  1,000  homes.  residents  must  purchase  their  property  and  are  expected  to  pay  100  a  month  to  live  in  the  town  and  make  use  of  the  smart  services  on  offer.  the  smart  city  project  involves  panasonic,  the  fujisawa  city  local  government  and  a  number  of  business  partners  including  tokyo  gas,  accenture  and  yamato  transport.  sst  is  based  on  a  number  of  pillars  that  make  the  town  smart.  the  socalled  pillars  of  sst  are  community,  mobility,  energy,
__label__interactivedisplays security  and  healthcare,  and  all  of  these  are  connected  with  .  each  house  is  equipped  with  a  solar  panel,  energy  monitoring  devices  and  an  energystoring  battery,  of  which  any  excess  solar  power  can  be  sold  back  to  the  grid.  residents  can  also  take  advantage  of  bicycle  and  ev  sharing  schemes  and  an  online  community  portal  and  are  protected  by  24/7  virtual  gate  camerabased  security.  according  to  keita  yasuda,  spokesperson  for  panasonic,  north  america,  sst  has  now  opened  the  doors  of  the  towns  wellness  square  complex,  a  facility  that  offers  residents  smarter  medical  and  nursing  care,  education,  and  childcare.  the  wellness
__label__interactivedisplays square,  operated  by  project  partner  gakken  group,  makes  use  of  panasonics  resyone  robotic  beds,  which  can  also  act  as  electric  wheelchairs,  alongside  smart  air  conditioning  systems  that  use  sensors  to  detect  movement  and  adjust  temperatures  to  prevent  health  issues  such  as  heat  stroke  in  senior  housing.  the  executive  said  the  sensors  can  also  detect  situations  that  may  require  medical  care.  smart  cities  summit  is  the  goto  event  for  government  and  technology  executives  mapping  americas  smart  cities.  visit  the  site  to  learn  more  about  the  agenda,  speakers  and  networking  opportunities.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required
__label__interactivedisplays fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by
__label__interactivedisplays companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__interactivedisplays help  people  navigate  your  city  with  smart  kiosks  that  feature  large,  easytouse,  interactive  touchscreens.  install  them  in  hightraffic  areas  to  provide  information  on  current  and  upcoming  events,  public  transit  schedules,  maps  and  more.  you  can  also  point  people  to  key  local  attractions  like  restaurants,  shops  and  parks  to  drive  economic  growth.  with  four  remotely  managed  video  cameras  to  monitor  and  record  the  surrounding  area  and  a  prominent  button  for  directly  contacting  911,  smart  kiosks  to  help  protect  citizen  safety.  smart  kiosks  provide  realtime  information  on  pedestrian  traffic  flows,  wifi  usage  and  what  people  are  using  the  kiosks  to  search  for
__label__interactivedisplays all  of  which  can  be  used  to  make  future  decisions  for  your  city.  the  interactive  displays  can  serve  as  advertising  vehicles  throughout  cities  to  help  drive  revenue  growth  and  promote  business  development.  display  promotions  to  help  meet  sales  targets  and  drive  traffic  to  key  stores.  each  kiosk  features  secure  public  wifi  connectivity  and  builtin  smartphone  charging  stations  that  residents  and  visitors  can  use  to  stay  connected.  available  as  an  addon  for  an  additional  cost.  please  contact  your  bell  representative  for  more  information.  city  centre  airports  thousands  of  people  move  through  city  centres  every  day.  whether  it  is  for  citizens  commuting
__label__interactivedisplays or  visitors  exploring,  a  bell  smart  kiosk  placed  in  a  hightraffic  area  can  make  time  spent  in  your  city  more  convenient  and  enjoyable.  deliver  information  about  public  transit,  local  businesses  and  upcoming  events  through  large  touchscreens,  and  offer  the  convenience  of  free  public  wifi  and  device  charging.  help  travellers  get  where  they  need  to  be  on  time  with  interactive  smart  kiosks  installed  throughout  the  airport  that  serve  up  the  latest  flight  information,  maps,  gate  numbers,  restroom  locations  and  more.  you  can  also  drive  ad  revenue  by  using  these  kiosks  to  promote  local  hotels,  restaurants  and  attractions.  get  your  smart  city
__label__interactivedisplays solutions  up  and  running  in  as  little  as  8  weeks  with  a  complete  and  scalable  program  featuring  a  selection  of  smart  city  solutions  and  the  smart  city  platform,  all  on  canadas  best  national  network  for  iot.  make  bells  network  advantages  your  competitive  advantage.
__label__interactivedisplays whitepapers  are  usually  structured  as  executive  summary,  business  /operational  /  technology/  functional  /shop  floor  challenge,  solution  description,  benefits  derived,  technical  specifications,  target  marketwhere  the  solution  can  be  replicated  /  implemented,  any  successful  case  study  summary  with  references.backed  by  data  and  infographics,  these  whitepapers  are  a  must  have  for  all  in  the  digital  industry.  the  paper  seeks  to  explain  and  discuss  the  various  technologies  to  be  deployed  by  sterlite  technologies  ltd.  in  jaipur  in  order  to  create  and  develop  it  as  a  stateoftheart  city.  jda  jaipur  development  authority  has  been  working  towards  time  bound  development  activities  based  on  major  scientific  and
__label__interactivedisplays hitech  strategies  to  develop  it  as  a  paragon  of  indias  smart  city.  jda  under  phase  1  is  already  in  the  process  of  developing  jaipur  into  a  smart  city  with  the  use  of  it/ict  based  interventions.the  jda  phase2  network  has  the  following  broad  level  technical  requirements:  jaipur  smart  city  phase  1  existing  system  details  sterlite  technologies  has  proposed  the  following  high  level  architecture  of  the  overall  offering  for  the  jaipur  smart  city  phase  2  project.  overall  solution  comprises  of  the  following  technical  tracks:  low  level  design  connectivity  the  diagram  below  captures  the  snapshot  aptly  of  the  field  connectivity  for  various  solutions
__label__interactivedisplays the  solution  for  the  proposed  architecture  encapsulates  the  following  components:  there  will  be  switches  each  having  32x10g  sfp  based  ports  each  acting  as  core  switch  placed  at  jda  noc.  the  same  core  switch  will  be  used  in  phase2  as  well,  however  10g  1g  ports  may  have  to  be  added  in  to  the  switch  to  add  additional  wireless  controllers,  nas  storage,10g  capable  firewall  cum  ips,  communication  severs  etc.  both  of  these  switches  are  being  configured  in  ha  mode  using  stack  configuration.  there  will  be  two  routers  acting  as  internet  router  loaded  with  1x10g  sfp  based  port  4x1gig  ports.  isp  internet  links
__label__interactivedisplays are  terminated  into  the  routers  over  1g  ports.  there  is  a  set  firewall  cum  ips  device  that  is  acting  as  core  firewall  currently.  the  current  firewall  will  be  reused  to  protect  the  internal  server  farm  devices.  /p  the  number  of  wireless  ap  is  increasing  day  by  day  to  cater  to  a  large  area  throughout  jaipur  city  to  provide  more  more  wireless  connectivity.  the  more  the  load  on  internet  increases,  the  more  the  firewall  capacity  needs  to  be  increased.  the  proposed  firewall  will  not  only  provide  raw  firewalling  capabilities  to  jda,  it  will  also  have  all  capabilities  of  next  gen  firewall,
__label__interactivedisplays deep  packet  inspection  url  filtering  capabilities.  it  provides  comprehensive  protection  from  known  and  advanced  threats,  including  protection  against  targeted  and  persistent  malware  attacks  fig  1.  the  firewall  will  have  these  comprehensive  capabilities:  the  firewall  will  provide  the  below  capabilities:  in  the  2nd  phase  of  this  project,  two  wireless  controllers  have  been  proposed.  the  current  wlc  can  support  only  up  to  500  ap;  hence  the  new  wlc  that  can  cater  up  to  1500  ap  will  be  used  to  form  a  single  group  with  existing  wlc  to  provide  the  seamless  movement  of  ap  users  from  one  ap  or  controller  to  the  other.
__label__interactivedisplays outdoor  ap  will  be  powered  on  using  external  power  adaptor  will  be  connected  to  ruggedized  switches  at  the  field  level.  additional  licenses  for  mse  mobility  service  engine  to  provide  wips  wireless  ips  functionality  is  also  provided.  the  network  system  is  developed  based  on  the  following  criteria  as  part  of  phase2  deployment  for  jda  wifi  following  services  will  be  deployed:  with  this  solution  business  and  public  agencies  can  deliver  interactive  content  and  information  in  real  time,  improving  loyalty  and  revenues,  while  increasing  efficiencies  in  business  processes.  figure  below  shows  a  basic  solution  configuration  with  a  kiosk.  the  smart  lighting  solution  has
__label__interactivedisplays the  following  components  that  enable  the  city  to  manage  and  operate  the  entire  lighting  infrastructure  centrally  along  with  various  policies.  cloud  managed  lighting  management  software  platform  the  control  node  connects  to  the  led  luminaire  through  a  nema  connector  and  provides  power  to  the  led.  it  is  possible  to  have  internal  or  external  control  nodes  depending  on  the  requirement.  an  external  node  has  been  proposed  in  jda  keeping  in  mind  ease  of  operation  and  maintenance.  the  control  node  gets  registered  to  the  lighting  management  software  platform  in  the  cloud  and  is  managed  and  operated  centrally  e.g.  predefined  on/off/dimming  control,  policy  based
__label__interactivedisplays lighting  control  or  time  of  day  scheduled  control.  a  convenient,  costeffective,  facetoface  remote  access  approach  to  government  representatives  and  services.  placing  a  pod  in  a  convenient  location  close  to  citizen  residences  and  workplaces  reduces  both  the  cost  of  serving  the  public  and  carbon  footprint.  below  listed  items  are  major  components  of  existing  ip  surveillance  solution;  below  is  highlevel  solution  architecture:  proposed  storage  will  create  a  single  logical  group  with  existing  storage.  video  surveillance  application  integrates  with  existing  and  new  storage  group,  below  is  highlevel  storage  architecture  for  overall  project.  video  walls  are  powered  by  dlp  technology,  generating  extraordinary  image  quality
__label__interactivedisplays with  incredible  color  depth  and  contrast,  dlp  technology  brings  video  images  to  life  and  enables  detailed  data  to  be  read  with  ease,  extremely  important  factors  in  a  control  room  environment.  dlp  technology  is  also  renowned  for  its  robustness  and  longterm  reliability.  the  environmental  sensors  enable  a  development  environment  for  providers  to  create  applications  and  iot  solutions  on  the  cloud  based  data.  jda  can  receive  data  from  the  cloud  services  and  use  for  citizen  display  and  awareness  of  environmental  data  on  real  time  basis.  the  platform  provides  apis  to  receive  and  send  data  from  the  environment  monitoring  devices  to  produce  precise
__label__interactivedisplays and  meaningful  alerts,  advocacies,  and  health  reports.  embedded  security  in  this  platform  manages  the  confidentiality  of  data  to  subscribed  users  only.  the  environmental  sensors  will  generate  data  which  would  be  fed  into  the  cloud  based  air  quality  system  platform.  shefali  is  part  of  the  telecom  service  business  team  and  is  based  out  of  gurgaon.  she  joined  sterlite  in  2014  and  works  as  a  network  planner  and  solution  architect  for  smart  cities  projects  as  well  for  other  government  projects.shefali  graduated  in  electronics  and  communication  engineering  from  birla  institute  of  technology.  after  her  initial  training  at  the  sterlite  of  plant  in  aurangabad,
__label__interactivedisplays she  worked  as  a  network  planning  engineer  for  the  ftth/gpon  network  at  sterlite  networks,  mumbai  before  moving  to  the  tsb  team,  gurgaon.in  her  spare  time,  shefali  loves  to  teach  underprivileged  kids.  she  is  also  a  voracious  reader  and  a  passionate  dancer.  follow  us  :  201920  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays smart  cities  around  the  world  are  implementing  initiatives  to  promote  greener  and  safer  urban  environments,  with  cleaner  air  and  water,  better  mobility  and  efficient  public  services.  these  initiatives  are  supported  by  technologies  like  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  big  data  analytics,  that  form  the  base  of  the  smart  city  model.  smart  cities  leverage  technology  solutions  to  improve  city  services  and  the  living  experience  of  residents.  municipalities  use  iot  sensors,  networks,  and  applications  to  gather  relevant  data,  such  as  traffic  congestion,  energy  usage,  and  air  quality.  this  data  can  then  be  used  by  technological  solutions  to  improve  city  services,  including
__label__interactivedisplays utilities,  transportation,  and  public  services.  cities  around  the  world  are  becoming  smarter.  they  are  implementing  initiatives  to  promote  greener  and  safer  urban  environments,  with  cleaner  air  and  water,  better  mobility  and  efficient  public  services.  these  initiatives  are  supported  by  smart  technologies,  such  as  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  information  and  communication  technology  ict  that  provide  the  technical  framework  to  implement  smart  city  projects.  iot  is  an  essential  technology  without  which  smart  city  initiatives  cannot  exist.  the  things  of  the  iotdevices,  sensors,  applicationscollect  the  data  that  enables  the  technology  solutions  to  be  effective.  for  example,  smart  water  meters  reporting  water
__label__interactivedisplays quality  and  usage,  alerting  the  water  company  of  leaks,  or  potential  contamination.  that  said,  smart  city  initiatives  need  big  data  analytics  to  function.  the  iot  generates  huge  datasets  that  must  be  analyzed  and  processed  to  implement  smart  city  services.  big  data  platforms,  part  of  the  city  ict  infrastructure,  have  to  sort,  analyze  and  process  the  data  gathered  from  the  iot.  city  governance  integrates  ict  solutions  to  interconnect  public  services,  at  the  same  time  engaging  communities  in  local  governance,  thus  promoting  cooperation.  one  example  of  this  is  the  greater  london  authority  initiative,  where  city  hall  is  using  an  open,  common  platform
__label__interactivedisplays to  share  data  with  local  communities.  examples  of  application  of  iot  in  smart  cities  include:  sensors  are  at  the  core  of  every  device  in  the  iot  system.  from  connected  cars  to  traffic  lights  and  smart  homes,  almost  every  device  today  has  sensors  that  gather  and  send  data  to  the  cloud.  this  interconnectivity  is  what  makes  possible  the  internet  of  things  system.  for  example,  proximity  sensors  make  possible  the  development  of  automated  vehicle  systems.  smart  cities  use  sensors  to  measure  a  myriad  of  values  from  traffic  congestion  to  pollution  levels,  water  quality,  and  energy  usage.  smart  city  technologies  require  connectivity  to
__label__interactivedisplays work.  5g  cells  provide  urban  areas  with  a  strong  connection  between  millions  of  devices  and  sensors,  enabling  the  iot  to  work  efficiently.  therefore,  cities  like  london  are  installing  5g  cells  across  the  city,  using  drones  to  identify  available  spaces.  urban  planning  requires  geolocation  accuracy  and  detailed  geographic  data.  smart  cities  rely  on  technologies  such  as  global  positioning  system  gps  for  transportation  management  and  connected  vehicles.  the  geographical  information  system  gis  helps  city  planners  to  build  an  urban  digital  model  with  georeferenced  data.  this  enables  building  engineers,  for  example,  to  determine  the  best  route  for  bicycle  lanes  or  where  to  locate
__label__interactivedisplays multimodal  transport  stations.  in  the  case  of  new  cities  such  as  belmont,  usa,  city  planners  use  geospatial  technologies  to  design  residential  and  urban  areas  in  a  way  that  promotes  walking  commuting.  robots  left  scifi  movies  to  become  part  of  everyday  life.  the  integration  of  robotics  aims  to  improve  city  operations,  such  as  using  drones  for  postal  services.  cities  such  as  dubai,  singapore  and  tokyo  are  at  the  forefront  of  this  trend,  introducing  humanoids  for  services  such  as  room  service  in  hotels,  surveillance  and  to  attend  the  information  desk  at  public  offices.  for  example,  visitors  to  the  2020  tokyo  olympics  are
__label__interactivedisplays going  to  get  help  to  communicate  in  japanese  from  humanoid  robotic  translators.  meanwhile,  in  dubai,  robocop  is  not  a  fantasy  anymore,  since  the  city  is  testing  humanoid  police  officers  with  the  intention  to  replace  25  percent  of  their  police  force  by  2030.  smart  cities  are  by  definition,  datadriven.  big  data  and  analytics  play  an  important  role  in  city  management,  with  many  a  city  having  now  a  chief  data  officer  in  the  administration.  the  combination  of  big  data  analysis  and  smart  city  solutions  help  cities  improve  the  management  in  critical  segments  such  as:  major  cities  are  experiencing  the  challenge  of  managing
__label__interactivedisplays power  usage  efficiently.  the  implementation  of  smart  grids  allows  city  officers  to  analyze  the  power  consumption  in  realtime.  using  data  analytics,  they  can  predict  periods  of  heavy  usage  and  plan  the  energy  distribution  accordingly.  solar  energy  plants  can  install  smart  sensors  to  check  the  panels  for  maintenance.  a  smart  transport  infrastructure  uses  big  data  and  iot  technologies  to  provide  residents  with  access  to  faster  and  safer  travel  across  the  city.  at  the  same  time,  it  gives  city  authorities  data  about  traffic  flow  allowing  them  to  manage  the  transit  efficiently.  usually,  a  smart  city  transportation  system  consists  of  an  intelligent  transportation
__label__interactivedisplays network  itn.  the  network  usually  includes:  smart  cities  share  one  characteristic,  all  use  sensor  data  to  improve  city  management.  big  data  can  help  cities  to  monitor  and  manage  urban  issues  such  as  waste  disposal,  transportation,  and  saving  resources.  to  do  that,  the  city  needs  to  install  sensors  in  the  infrastructure,  retrofitting  or  replacing  outdated  infrastructure  when  necessary.  to  transform  a  city  infrastructure  in  smart,  the  city  manager  should  develop  three  layers  of  smartness  as  follows:  according  to  this  mckinsey  global  institute  ,  for  a  city  to  be  smart,  it  should  use  technology  and  data  with  the  purpose  of  delivering  a
__label__interactivedisplays better  quality  of  life.  what  consists  of  quality  of  life?  while  this  is  a  subjective  matter,  most  city  residents  agree  that  a  good  quality  of  life  should  include  improvement  in  the  following  areas:  applications  using  realtime  crime  mapping,  for  example,  use  statistical  analysis  to  detect  crime  patterns  and  identify  problematic  zones,  predicting  the  incidence  of  crime.  this  allows  police  forces  to  reinforce  security  in  these  areas.  one  example  was  the  trial  of  ,  a  predictive  technology  solution  in  new  york  city  which  significantly  lowered  crime.  for  most  city  residents,  improving  the  daily  commuting  time  is  basic  for  a  good  quality
__label__interactivedisplays of  life.  cities  that  have  smartmobility  applications  in  place  can  reduce  commuting  time  by  as  much  as  20  percent  on  average.  multimodal  mobility  solutions  allow  passengers  to  choose  between  all  available  transportation  options.  this  results  in  lower  car  usage  since  residents  can  opt  for  the  transportation  mode  that  better  suits  them  at  the  moment.  smart  cities  tend  to  attract  technology  companies  and  talent.  this,  in  turn,  attracts  venture  capital  to  the  cities.  cities  like  london  and  new  york  have  received  an  influx  of  investment  capital  thanks  to  their  smart  initiatives.  environmental  concerns  are  at  the  core  of  every  smart  city
__label__interactivedisplays strategy.  smart  cities  aim  to  reduce  pollution  and  emissions,  through  smart  urban  planning  and  transportation  management.  when  people  walk  and  use  multimodal  mobility,  the  result  is  fewer  cars  on  the  streets,  reducing  emissions.  smart  cities  are  also  characterized  by  the  smart  management  of  their  resources.  smart  city  technologies  and  applications  help  cities  to  change  into  a  greener,  safer  and  effectively  planned  urban  environment.  it  is  no  surprise  then,  that  the  smart  city  model  is  proving  successful  with  over  50  smart  cities  around  the  world  using  smart  technologies  to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  its  residents.  with  more  planned  smart
__label__interactivedisplays cities  sprouting  from  america  to  asia,  the  technologies  that  form  the  basis  of  the  model  will  continue  to  evolve,  with  the  technology  industry  developing  newer  applications  and  solutions  for  building  the  cities  of  the  future.  get  the  latest  news  and  tips  from  industry  experts  2019  here  mobility.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__interactivedisplays innovative  smart  city  applications,  cities  first  need  to  build  out  the  connected  infrastructure,  which  can  be  a  costly,  lengthy  and  politicized  process.  thirdparties  are  helping  build  infrastructure  at  no  cost  to  cities  by  paying  for  projects  entirely  through  advertising  placements  on  the  new  equipment.  here  i  try  to  dig  into  the  economics  of  adfunded  smart  city  projects  to  better  understand  what  types  of  infrastructure  canbe  built  under  an  adfunded  model,  the  benefits  the  strategy  provides  to  cities  and  the  nonobvious  costs  cities  have  to  consider.  consider  this  an  ongoing  discussion  about  urban  tech,  its  intersection  with  regulation,  issues  of  public
__label__interactivedisplays service  and  other  complexities  that  people  have  full  phds  on.  im  just  a  bitter,  bornandbred  new  yorker  trying  to  figure  out  why  ive  been  stuck  in  between  subway  stops  for  the  last  15  minutes,  so  please  reach  out  with  your  take  on  any  of  these  thoughts:  arman.tabatabaitechcrunch.com  .  using  ads  to  fund  smart  city  infrastructure  at  no  cost  to  cities  a  linknyc  kiosk  enabling  access  to  the  internet  in  new  york  on  saturday,  february  20,  2016.  more  than  7,500  kiosks  are  to  be  installed,  replacing  standalone  pay  phone  kiosks,  providing  free  wifi,  internet  access  via  a  touch  screen,  phone  charging
__label__interactivedisplays and  free  phone  calls.  the  system  is  to  be  supported  by  advertising  running  on  the  sides  of  the  kiosks.  richard  b.  levine  photo  by  richard  levine/corbis  via  getty  images  source:  linknyc,  nyc.gov,  nycopendata  source:  linknyc,  nyc.gov,  nycopendata  but  and  lastly,  some  reading  while  in  transit:
__label__interactivedisplays you  have  probably  used  them  before:the  healthcare  devices  that  look  like  bottomless  cup  holders  you  put  your  arm  through  to  check  blood  pressure  metrics  at  a  pharmacy  or  even  the  grocery  store.  one  of  those  machines,with  the  help  of  verizon  wirelesss  network,  has  been  given  significantly  expanded  functionality,  according  to  a  .  s  formerly  solohealth  fdaapproved  health  and  wellness  retail  kiosk,  the  solohealth/pursuant  station,  offers  consumersfree  interactive  healthcare  services  at  grocery  stores.  according  to  pursuant  health,  the  kiosk  is  more  thana  machine;  its  an  informational  and  educational  platform  that  helps  consumers  take  charge  of  theirhealth.  anetwork  of3,600  selfservice  kiosksare  located
__label__interactivedisplays within10  miles  of  79  of  the  u.s.  population,  providing  more  than  10  million  customer  interactions,  .  customerscan  obtain  screening  information  for  blood  pressure,  vision,  bodymass  index,  pain  management  and  more.  the  kiosk  provides  a  directory  of  local  area  physicians  and  health  services  by  area  ofhealth  concern.  it  alsoadvertises  to  users  based  on  their  specific  symptoms,answers  to  questions,  and  both  age  and  sex.  we  lookedat  private  networks,  installed  solutions  and  thirdparty  applications  before  finding  out  that  weneeded  our  own  custom  solution  to  manage  the  fleet,  said  robert  lort,  senior  director  of  operations  at  pursuant  health.  our  developers  wrote  our  proprietary  kioskmanagement
__label__interactivedisplays system  kms,  which  is  responsible  for  maintaining  various  aspects  of  the  fleet.  pursuant  healthwas  struggling  toadd  new  information  and  services,  health  screeningmodules,  and  to  retrieve  customer  and  operational  information  in  a  timely  manner.  verizon  wireless  used  its  network  to  provide  wireless  connectivity  to  help  fulfill  those  goals.  according  to  verizon,  the  network  helped  pursuant  health  changeand  adapt  services  and  information  on  the  fly,  update  advertising  messages,  monitor  consumershealth  and  track  developing  health  trends  across  the  united  states.  the  design  of  the  platform  also  allowspursuant  health  to  sense  if  a  customer  is  having  trouble  using  the  screening  modules.  the  kiosk  management
__label__interactivedisplays system  provides  security  by  preventing  pursuant  health  software  from  being  installed  on  unauthorizedcomputers,  and  monitors  locations  and  settings  per  kiosk  or  retailer  as  well  as  the  version  each  kioskis  running.  and  the  kiosk  management  system  tool  and  wireless  connectivity  allow  the  company  to  push  upgrades  andconfiguration  changes  to  their  entire  fleet  with  the  push  of  a  button.  thanks  to  continuous  monitoring,  the  pursuant  health  stations  are  maintained  on  an  asneeded  basisby  a  service  provider  for  every  break/fix  event  within  24  hours.  pursuant  also  performs  quarterlypreventative  maintenance  on  the  kiosks  to  ensure  functionality,  clean  the  device,  as  well  as  verifyaccuracy  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  station.  the  solohealth  station  is  constantly  monitored  by  support  systems  throughthe  connectivity  of  the  verizon  usb  air  cards.  these  support  tools  currently  monitor  the  stationsonline  status,  hardware  failures,  usage  statistics  and  software  patches  and  upgrades.  the  multihealth  screening  concept  has  been  well  received  by  consumers,  according  to  verizons  statistics.  in  mid2012the  kiosks  experienced  nearly  25,000  uses  daily,  and  by  the  end  of  the  year  that  number  climbed  to  nearly65,000  uses  per  day.  you  will  find  yourself  making  changes  to  current  processes  and  tools  and  thenspending  time  to  create  new  ones,  lort  said.  lort  credits  the  success  of  the  solohealth
__label__interactivedisplays all  digital  signage,  some  snark  many  years  ago,  the  recipe  for  a  successful  digital  signage  deployment  was  to  put  up  a  few  screens  in  the  store,  and  load  them  with  an  image  slideshow  or  video  slide  if  you  were  on  the  forefront.  those  days  are  long  gone.  today,  it  takes  a  lot  more  to  get  the  modern  shoppers  attention.  were  all  overloaded  with  information,  and  are  exposed  to  so  many  ads  every  day  both  online  and  offline  that  we  have  developed  an  impressive  skill  to  filter  all  of  this  out.  this  of  course  is  hardly  news.  most  people  involved  in
__label__interactivedisplays both  advertising  and  digital  signage  are  well  aware  of  this  problem.  however,  if  you  ask  people  in  the  digital  signage  industry  how  to  solve  this,  a  common  solution  is  to  simply  add  some  useful  content  to  the  screens,  such  as  a  ticker  feed  with  news  and  a  clock.  the  idea  is  that  people  will  start  paying  attention  to  the  screens  again.  this  does  seem  to  make  sense  on  paper,  and  it  can  certainly  work  in  some  situations,  but  more  often  than  not,  it  will  end  up  looking  like  this:  this  is  a  broadcast  channel,  but  we  all  see  this  in
__label__interactivedisplays signage  applications.  the  solution  ignores  the  fact  that  more  or  less  everyone  carries  a  phone  with  them  today  which  can  deliver  both  news  and  displaying  the  time  in  a  far  better  way  than  signage  ever  could.  as  such,  this  value  the  screen  added  is  negligible.  perhaps  more  importantly  however  is  that  you  also  to  your  customer  by  adding  more  distracting  content.  so  what  is  the  future  of  digital  signage  in  retail?  we  would  argue  that  it  is  all  about  what  we  call  ,  where  the  screens  will  automatically  adjust  content  based  on  an  external  event.  this  again,  is  hardly  groundbreaking,
__label__interactivedisplays but  it  is  finally  possible  to  do  at  a  reasonable  budget  with  more  or  less  offtheshelf  hardware  and  software.  at  mobile  world  congress  mwc  this  year,  and  demonstrated  how  this  can  work.  we  created  a  reactive  retail  environment  with  the  customers  phone,  without  requiring  the  user  to  install  any  new  application  on  the  phone.  customer  can  interact  with  screens  directly  to  learn  more  about  a  particular  product  simply  by  scanning  an  nfc  tag  or  qr  code.  for  instance,  if  they  scanned  a  shirt,  we  displayed  the  realtime  stock  level  of  the  item,  as  well  as  a  video  of  the  piece
__label__interactivedisplays of  clothing  in  action  or  on  the  runway.  screenly  and  evrything  at  necs  nordic  showcase  in  gothenburg,  sweden  while  this  scenario  might  have  seemed  far  fetched  a  couple  of  years  ago  it  is  actually  actionable  today.  a  couple  of  recent  announcements  transformed  this  idea  into  a  turnkey  solution.  first,  printing  qr  codes  and  embedding  nfc  tags  has  become  a  faster  and  more  integrated  process  than  ever,  making  it  possible  to  think  about  serialized  labels  for  the  apparel  or  cpg  consumer  packaged  goods  industry.  then,  the  recent  announcement  of  apple  to  support  .  this,  on  top  of  the  already  widespread  support
__label__interactivedisplays of  android  phones  for  both  nfc  and  qr,  means  that  a  vast  number  of  consumers  have  a  device  in  their  pocket  ready  to  interact  with  the  real  world.  finally,  the  tight  integration  of  digital  signage  and  iot  platforms  such  as  a  platform  giving  billion  of  products  a  digital  life  and  api  allows  to  drive  reactive  content  whenever  items  are  scanned,  making  the  digital  signage  truly  interactive.  having  tagged  products  influencing  content  on  screens  is  only  a  first  step  in  what  the  internet  of  things  can  do  for  digital  signage.  add  sensors  that  communicate  with  the  two  platforms  and  you  unveil
__label__interactivedisplays a  number  of  interactive  experiences,  for  instance:  we  believe  that  this  is  just  the  beginning  of  what  iot  and  digital  signage  can  bring  to  customers  in  particular  in  retail  but  also  in  other  environments.  the  recent  developments,  cost  reductions  and  widespread  adoption  of  tagging  and  sensing  technologies  moved  the  dial  from  futuristic  application  to  actionable  campaigns,  exciting  times  ahead  while  still  in  college  viktor  petersson  cofounded  the  software  factory  wireload,  which  grew  into  a  thriving  business.  in  2013,  viktor  took  a  break  from  wireload  and  joined  cloudsigma  to  head  partnerships  and  business  development.  in  early  2015,  viktor  rejoined  wireload  as
__label__interactivedisplays the  ceo  to  support  the  companys  latest  product,  screenly.  today,  screenly  is  the  most  popular  digital  signage  solution  for  the  raspberry  pi,  powering  over  10.000  digital  signage  screens  around  the  world.  sixteen:nine  is  an  online  news  and  analysis  publication  focused  on  the  digital  signage  industry  vendors  and  endusers.  we  filter  the  bs.  we  ignore  most  press  releases.  we  celebrate  great  work.  and  we  point  out  stupidity.  there  are  6,900  articles  here,  and  the  count  grows  daily.  tracing  back  to  early  2006,  16:9  is  in  many  ways  a  running  history  of  the  digital  signage  industry.  founding  editor  dave  haynes  has  built
__label__interactivedisplays and  run  companies  in  this  business,  and  hes  consulted  for  scores  of  companies.  in  other  words,  he  knows  his  stuff.  more  than  160  episodes  and  counting  twitter:  enter  your  email  address  to  subscribe  to  this  blog  and  receive  notifications  of  new  posts  by  email.  sixteen:nine  has  been  covering  the  digital  signage  industry  daily  since  feb.  2006.  the  online  publication  is  solely  owned  by  vertical  media  consulting  group  inc.,  a  canadianincorporated  firm  located  near  halifax,  ns.  other  properties  include  the  meetingroomsigns.biz  online  directory.  sixteen:nine  accepts  advertising,  and  has  multiple  ad  positions  available.  we  have  a  global  reader  base  and  large,  highlyfocused
__label__interactivedisplays and  loyal  readership  interested  in  editorial  independence,  quality  writing  and  a  frank,  honest  point  of  view.  we  can  send  you  a  media  kit  with  rates  and  options.  guest  submissions  are  happily  considered  from  people  with  genuine  experience  and  insight  about  the  digital  signage  and  digital  ooh  sectors.  if  you  want  to  guest  post  to  plug  your  product,  or  generate  links  for  seo  reasons,  go  away.
__label__interactivedisplays with  iot  technologies  and  screenly,  were  able  to  build  amazing  digital  signage  solutions.  digital  signage  solutions  that  can  react  based  on  external  triggers,  such  as  weather  conditions  or  sensors.  in  recent  years,  one  of  the  fastest  growing  technology  segments  has  been  internet  of  things  iot.  for  many  consumers,  this  means  putting  wifi  in  everything  from  fridges  to  scales  and  thermostats  and  add  an  app  where  you  can  monitor/control  the  device.  from  a  commercial  perspective  however,  having  iot  enabled  devices  can  open  a  lot  of  possibilities.  historically,  all  sensors  and  devices  lived  in  silos.  a  sensor  from  one  vendor  could  not
__label__interactivedisplays be  used  with  other  vendor.  a  good  iot  strategy  can  tear  down  such  silos  and  allow  devices  and  systems  to  integrate  with  one  another.  now  you  may  wonder:  how  does  iot  relate  to  digital  signage?  let  us  explain.  in  order  to  run  a  successful  digital  signage  campaign,  it  is  no  longer  sufficient  to  just  display  a  slideshow  of  images  or  videos  in  a  loop.  these  days,  you  need  something  more.  something  that  makes  your  screens  stand  out  from  all  other  screens  with  messages  that  customers  get  bombarded  with  every  day.  this  is  where  iot  and  timely  messaging  comes  into  the
__label__interactivedisplays picture.  using  screenlys  api  and  iot  devices,  were  able  to  dynamically  change  the  content  of  screens  based  on  external  triggers.  depending  on  what  vertical  you  are  in,  these  triggers  will  vary.  in  retail  for  instance,  it  could  be  a  rain  or  temperature  sensor  that  activates/deactivates  a  given  campaign  perhaps  for  umbrellas  based  on  the  weather.  rain  and  temperature  sensors  are  just  some  examples  of  what  can  be  used  in  reactive  digital  signage.  another  example  would  be  proximity  sensors.  for  instance,  you  can  change  the  content  when  someone  walks  by  the  screen  or  display  a  particular  ad  depending  on  what  item
__label__interactivedisplays the  customer  picks  up  from  the  shelf.  if  youre  using  digital  signage  player  to  drive  screens  at  your  office  walls  for  internal  communication,  you  perhaps  want  the  screens  to  change  content  if  your  crm  system  indicates  that  youve  hit  the  monthly  sales  targets.  the  beauty  of  reactive  digital  signage  with  screenly  is  that  you  can  build  it  yourself.  through  our  ,  youre  able  to  directly  interact  with  screens  and  change  content  yourself.  as  such,  contrary  to  other  systems,  you  do  not  have  to  rely  on  us  to  write  your  custom  integrations.  weve  also  partnered  up  with  and  integrated  our  systems.
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  by  jo  satili,national  sales  manager,  retail  and  hospitality  solutions,panasonic  system  communications  co.  north  america  the  internet  of  everything  has  changed  the  retail  landscape  when  it  comes  to  the  customer  experience.  with  the  variety  of  information  available  to  retail  employees,  they  not  only  need  it  to  be  analyzed,  but  need  to  put  it  into  action.  one  of  the  principal  endpoint  solutions  being  utilized  across  that  landscape  is  digital  signage.  it  can  be  tailored  and  set  to  whatever  the  operator  chooses,  and  more  importantly  can  change  depending  on  the  customer  viewing  the  display.  cisco,  which  coined  the  term  ioe,
__label__interactivedisplays today  that  the  13  billion  connections  that  exist  today  in  the  ioe  will  grow  to  50  billion  by  the  end  of  the  decade,  meaning  more  realtime  data  will  be  available  to  any  particular  vertical  looking  to  analyze  and  act  on  it.  the  company  also  testing  19  shopping  concepts  on  consumers  that  provided  a  brief  overview  of  how  open  consumers  were  to  ioe  concepts.  the  study  found  the  use  cases  tested  would  provide  312  million  in  total  gross  annual  value  opportunity  15.6  percent  improvement  in  profitability  for  a  hypothetical  20  billion  retailer.  the  number  of  endpoint  solutions  available  to  retailers  combined
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  ioe  can  help  retailers  make  more  informed  decisions  to  tailor  the  customer  experience  and  the  strongest  customerfacing  tool  in  a  retailers  arsenal  is  digital  signage,  given  it  can  be  tailored  in  realtime  to  maximize  profits.  ,  the  use  of  digital  signage  in  retail  outlets  will  grow  from  6  billion  in  2013  to  27.5  billion  in  2018  for  a  35.7  percent  fiveyear  compound  annual  growth  rate,  showing  the  importance  brand  outlets  place  on  digital  signage  and  their  interactive  capabilities.  while  there  are  a  number  of  options  to  tailor  the  customer  experience  with  the  use  of  digital  signage  once  prospective
__label__interactivedisplays shoppers  are  in  the  store,  another  challenge  is  getting  them  in  the  store.  ,  76  percent  of  consumers  have  entered  a  site  because  the  sign  was  interesting,  while  an  additional  75  percent  of  consumers  have  told  friends  about  a  store  simply  because  they  were  impressed  by  the  signage.  finally,  68  percent  of  americans  made  purchases  of  a  product  or  service  because  of  the  appealing  nature  of  the  digital  signage.  some  of  the  technologies  that  interact  with  digital  signage  through  the  ioe  to  deliver  the  tailored  customer  experience  expected  include  integrated  camera  and  beacon  technologies.  with  its  deployment,  digital  signage  can
__label__interactivedisplays tailor  offers  to  a  particular  customer  based  on  past  purchases  and  preferences.  as  mentioned  before,  heatmapping  technology  can  inform  digital  signage  to  upsell  items  based  on  hightraffic  areas  or  push  out  highinventory  items  to  ensure  as  much  is  sold  as  possible.  beacon  technology  is  a  proximitybased  communication  solution  conducted  via  bluetooth  that  allows  retailers  to  offer  customers  discounts  and  product  information  that  can  be  displayed  through  digital  signage.  interactive  signage  solutions  take  engagement  to  a  whole  new  level  intuitive  touchscreen  navigation  can  provide  customers  with  relevant  and  personalized  content,  the  ability  to  check  inventory,  or  speak  with  an  associate  via
__label__interactivedisplays video  conferencing,  as  well  as  wayfinding  information  around  the  store.  other  interactive  aspects  include  the  ability  to  obtain  and  use  customer  demographics  to  assist  in  clothing  recommendations  on  the  screen  for  them  to  see.  smart  mirror  technology  brings  another  level  of  engagement  to  the  retail  environment.  it  can  scan  a  customers  face  at  the  cosmetics  counter  for  skin  composition,  resulting  in  the  best  options  tailored  to  them.  with  interactive  capabilities  that  act  as  a  dedicated  beauty  advisor,  it  can  diagnose  skin  details  and  log  them  daily  to  see  how  a  users  skin  has  changed  over  time,  making  recommendations  accordingly.  all
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  above  can  help  expand  on  the  positive  growth  digital  signage  has  created  for  retail  chains  .  according  to  infotrends,  digital  signage  has  increased  brand  awareness  by  47.7  percent,  purchase  amount  by  29.5  percent,  sales  volumes  by  31.8  percent,  repeat  buyers  by  32.8  percent,  and  instore  traffic  by  32.8  percent.  retailers  that  continue  to  increase  investments  in  display  technology  will  only  see  those  numbers  increase.  topics:  ,  ,  sponsored  links:  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  quickly  established  its  place  as  musthave  technology  largely  thanks  to  its  massive  flexibility,  which  meant  that  it  could  find  a  use  in  almost  any  kind  of  environment.  now  digital  signage  is  being  paired  with  the  internet  of  things  iot  for  what  is  shaping  up  to  be  a  powerhouse  partnership.  many  uses  of  digital  signage  take  advantage  of  its  capability  to  connect  to  the  internet.  for  example,  it  can  be  used  to  provide  realtime  data  from  rss  feeds.  connecting  digital  signage  to  the  internet  of  things  offers  the  potential  to  take  this  to  a  whole  new  level.  smart  cities
__label__interactivedisplays probably  most  notably  new  york  are  already  partnering  digital  signage  with  the  internet  of  things  to  make  life  easier  and  safer  for  the  people  in  them  with  an  eye  to  the  management  of  emergency  situations.  in  the  commercial  environment,  this  partnership  is  most  likely  to  be  used  to  present  content  that  is  precisionfocused  on  the  customers  using  the  digital  signage  and,  as  such,  its  development  will  be  based  on  two  key  questions:  to  address  the  first,  interactive  digital  signage  currently  requires  some  level  of  input  from  the  customer  to  initiate  the  engagement  in  most  cases.  this  forms  a  barrier  to
__label__interactivedisplays entry,  albeit  a  low  one.  when  digital  signage  connects  to  iot,  it  will  be  able  to  communicate  directly  with  mobile  devices  and  wearable  technology,  enabling  it  to  anticipate  what  the  customer  wants  and  provide  it  to  them  directly.  it  may  also  continue  to  communicate  with  the  customers  own  devices  to  provide  help  and  guidance  until  the  customer  has  completed  whatever  it  was  they  intended  to  do.  for  example,  in  retail  environments,  the  customer  may  use  an  app  to  make  an  initial  selection  of  items  and  then  use  the  larger  screen  of  the  digital  sign  to  virtually  try  them  on  virtually
__label__interactivedisplays before  having  the  sign  send  directions  to  their  phone  to  enable  them  to  find  their  shortlist  of  items  on  the  shelves.  then,  if  necessary,  this  path  of  realtime  data  can  allow  customers  to  try  their  chosen  items  on  in  reality  before  going  to  the  counter  to  pay  or  possibly  going  back  to  the  digital  sign  to  pay.  in  principle,  digital  signage  and  iot  could  provide  customers  with  almost  unlimited  realtime  data,  but  in  the  real  world,  this  will  almost  certainly  be  unnecessary  and  undesirable.  instead,  businesses  will  need  to  identify  and  focus  on  the  uses  that  deliver  the  highest  roi,
__label__interactivedisplays and  it  is  very  likely  that,  in  many  cases,  this  will  simply  mean  that  the  use  of  iot  allows  for  a  more  polished  spin  on  the  way  digital  signage  is  already  used.  for  example,  in  the  hospitality  industry,  digital  signage  is  already  used  to  display  special  promotions.  with  the  help  of  iot,  it  could  be  used  to  connect  with  loyalty  apps  on  customers  mobile  devices  and  to  bring  up  customized  offers  when  they  are  in  buying  position  i.e.  at  the  till  or  in  the  presence  of  a  server.  the  list  could  go  on,  but  its  clear  that  digital  signage  and
__label__interactivedisplays iot  will  have  great  synergy  across  a  range  of  industries  going  forward.  chloe  ward  is  a  marketing  executive  at  the  .  the  components  bureau  specialize  in  the  supply  and  manufacture  of  worldclass  electronic  components,  providing  solutions  for  the  lighting  and  power  supply  markets.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  copyright  digital  signage  connection.  reproduction  without  explicit  permission  is  prohibited.  allrightsreserved.  hostedby
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  iot  is  revolutionizing  the  way  companies  connect  with  and  communicate  with  customers.  imagine  going  to  a  store,  walking  up  to  a  product  then  picking  it  up,  to  check  out  the  product.  as  soon  as  you  pick  up  the  product,  a  short  commercial  about  the  product  begins  playing  on  the  tv  near  you.  thats  iot  digital  signage  its  here  now  and  it  starts  with  you  your  pos  terminals,  endcaps,  your  warehouse  and  factory  floor,  your  customers  and  employees  at  your  business.  that  is  the  internet  of  your  things.  if  you  are  looking  to  learn  more  about  .
__label__interactivedisplays retail  digital  signage  generates  an  exciting  and  immersive  shopping  experience  that  helps  you  separates  your  brand  from  the  competition.  use  novisigns  specifically  designed  retail  digital  signage  software  to  naturally  improve  your  ability  to  better  promote  products,  upsell  services,  and  create  new  ways  to  better  connect  with  your  customers.  the  results  behind  retail  digital  signage  speak  for  themselves:  reach  your  customers  at  every  critical  moment  of  their  shopping  trip  by  strategically  using  retail  digital  signage  with  digital  signage  for  retail,  you  have  the  power  to  dynamically  create,  manage,  broadcast  your  entire  marketing  communications  while  being  able  easily  to  incorporate  a  mixture
__label__interactivedisplays of  customercentric  notifications  and  information.  from  your  entrance  to  product  departments  and  aisles,  you  can  use  retail  to  efficiently  reach  and  engage  with  your  customers  at  every  focal  point.  the  possibilities  with  digital  signage  for  retail  are  unlimited  using  novisigns  retail  digital  signage  software,  you  can  intuitively  and  confidently  design,  edit  and  manage  one  or  thousands  of  screens.  from  retail  digital  signage  located  in  breakrooms,  near  checkout,  and  aisles  novisigns  allinone  digital  signage  system  can  support  it  all.  if  you  have  used  powerpoint  slide,  then  you  are  already  an  expert  at  creating  content  with  novisign.  just  select  a  widget  and
__label__interactivedisplays drop  on  the  layout.  once  added,  you  can  adjust  the  size,  edit  the  settings  or  add  your  text  or  image.  bulls  eye  your  advertising  and  track  its  roi  in  real  time  with  retail  digital  signage  facial  recognition.  advertisements  and  other  media  can  be  set  to  change  in  realtime  based  on  the  audience  that  is  viewing  the  screen  at  that  exact  moment.  using  novisign  and  our  advanced  digital  signage  facial  recognition  software,  you  will  be  able  to:  novisigns  digital  signage  software  for  retail  comes  with  over  20  drag  and  drop  widgets.  choose  from  social  streams,  add  videos,  engage  with  scrolling  text,
__label__interactivedisplays lively  slideshows  and  more  imagine  going  to  a  store,  walking  up  to  a  product  then  picking  it  up,  to  check  out  the  product.  as  soon  as  you  pick  up  the  product,  a  short  commercial  about  the  product  begins  playing  on  the  tv  near  you.  this  called  iot  digital  signage  easily  maintain  your  brand  standards.  bring  layers  front  and  back,  add  unique  and  vibrant  background  colors  or  gradients  all  while  being  able  to  customize  your  font  size  and  style.  we  support  todays  most  popular  file  formats  related  links:  ready  to  start?  novisign  supports  windows,  android,  and  chrome  os.  you  can  start
__label__interactivedisplays close  first,  we  need  some  information  so  we  can  give  you  the  best  demo  experience.  close  keyboardarrowdown  theres  a  huge  number  of  benefits  to  conducting  in  store  retail  campaigns  through  digital  screens.  not  only  is  it  proven  that  digital  signage  in  nearly  half  of  all  audiences,  but  it  also  entices  80  of  shoppers  to  go  into  stores  in  the  first  place.  physical  stores  are  always  competing  against  online  counterparts.  digital  signage  brings  customers  in,  creates  high  quality  visuals  and  engages  customers  in  multiple  ways,  that  theyll  remember.  edit  screencloud  is  a  simple  to  use  software  system  that  gives  you  the
__label__interactivedisplays power  to  manage  content  across  all  of  your  screens,  throughout  all  of  your  stores.  for  a  long  time,  digital  signage  has  been  restricted  to  flagship  stores  and  big  budget  brands.  screencloud  makes  greatlooking  digital  screens  accessible  to  all.  whether  youre  a  oneperson  convenience  store  or  an  enterpriselevel  retailer,  screencloud  gives  you  the  infrastructure  needed  to  create  powerful  in  store  campaigns.  manage  one  screen  or  one  thousand  screens  from  a  central  management  system,  or  give  power  to  in  store  managers  to  drive  their  own  campaigns.  content  can  be  rolled  out  universally  through  playlists  and  scheduling,  or  chosen  on  a  screenbyscreen  basis
__label__interactivedisplays for  locationbased  targeting.  worried  about  a  poor  wifi  connection?  screencloud  caches  content  and  is  available  to  work  offline.  screencloud  also  makes  content  creation  easy.  giving  you  the  tools  to  add  content  you  already  own  such  as  videos,  image  galleries  and  other  media  files  as  well  as  a  rich  full  of  options.  screencloud  is  compatible  and  can  be  set  up  in  minutes  on  any  android  tv  screen.  screencloud  can  also  be  used  on  any  regular  tv  monitor  paired  with  one  of  the  many  media  devices  such  as  those  shown  below.  our  team  are  always  on  hand  to  help  advise  on  the
__label__interactivedisplays best  media  player  option  for  retail  stores  or  use  our  hardware  selector  tool.  livehelp  edit  screencloud  delivered  exactly  what  i  needed  and  have  been  very  easy  to  work  with.  with  a  project  so  complex  i  didnt  worry  once  about  screencloud  not  delivering  on  time.  im  pleased  to  say  they  succeeded  in  delivering  a  great  experience  for  me  and  my  customers.  i  would  recommend  any  business  with  digital  signage  to  use  screencloud.  if  you  have  a  lot  of  digital  signage  to  manage  and  need  your  content  to  be  updated  rapidly  and  safely  then  screencloud  is  the  service  to  go  for.  soletrader
__label__interactivedisplays is  excited  to  partner  with  screencloud  and  their  elegant  solution  to  deliver  our  fabulous  social  content  in  store,  and  to  create  a  genuine  multichannel  experience  for  our  customers.  create  digital  signage  for  your  retail  store  edit
__label__interactivedisplays how  cirrusmio  created  iotenabled  digital  signage  for  a  global  technology  manufacturer  dave  hempy,  senior  engineer  digital  signage  is  often  used  to  present  a  customtailored  content  mix,  including  product  promotions,  news,  and  upcoming  events.  screens  can  be  mounted  on  walls,  ceilings,  shelving  systems,  aisle  endcaps,  or  integrated  into  freestanding  displays  and  kiosks.  digital  signs  are  used  in  a  wide  variety  of  applications  ranging  from  targeted  retail  advertising  to  internal  employee  communications  and  remote  training.  iot  is  expected  to  grow  significantly  in  the  next  several  years.  as  broadband  internet  becomes  more  readily  available,  we  are  seeing  more  devices  with  wifi  capabilities  and
__label__interactivedisplays builtin  sensors  are  being  created.  the  cost  of  this  technology  is  decreasing,  and  smartphone  use  is  growing  steadily.  to  meet  this  challenge,  every  instore  device  needed  to  have  the  ability  to  be  measured  and  controlled.  this  included  enabling  every  device  with  geolocation  and  bidirectional  communication  between  the  devices  and  the  cloud.  in  addition,  the  project  required  complete  health  and  lifecycle  management  on  all  devices.  this  included  a  flexible  data  capture  model  that  could  be  used  for  storage,  analytics,  and  advanced  reporting.  other  elements  included:  with  this  in  mind,  and  considering  the  fact  that  most  retail  environments  are  now  comprised  multiple
__label__interactivedisplays smart  devices  that  are  all  sending  data  to  the  cloud,  and  potentially  to  each  other,  the  decision  was  made  to  enable  not  only  digital  display  device  and  content  management  capabilities,  but  the  entire  framework  upon  which  to  build  an  open,  devicetodevice  and  device  to  cloud  retail  iot  platform.  the  modular  approach  to  the  solution  was  designed  and  developed  using  licensefree,  open  source,  industry  standard  cloud  infrastructure  and  data  management  elements  and  considered  the  following  functional  components:  connectivity  to  the  internet  the  cirrusmio  challenge  was  to  develop  the  bidirectional  device  and  content  management  middleware  layer  that  resides  in  the  cloud  between
__label__interactivedisplays the  digital  content  media  publisher  and  the  device.  or  in  this  case,  any  publisher  of  data,  such  as  another  device  or  a  business  application,  and  the  device.  we  built  a  modular  solution  that  incorporates  all  the  essential  elements  of  an  endtoend  iot  device  and  data  management  platform.  the  solution  is  now  in  production  and  daytoday  maintenance  and  operations  are  managed  by  the  client.  device  management  collect,  store  and  manage  data  reporting,  analytics  and  visualization  scalable,  reliable  and  future  proof  solution  success  criteria  included  dependable  24hour  functionality  and  the  ability  to  easily  manage  content  in  a  central  location.  for  the  client,
__label__interactivedisplays as  sales  tactics  and  marketing  methods  have  evolved  over  the  years,  one  form  of  advertising  has  endured  for  centuries,  that  of  signage.  before  retail  became  the  huge  multibilliondollar  industry  it  is  today,  shop  owners  and  tradesmen  would  use  signs  to  advertise  their  goods  and  services  to  local  people  and  those  visiting  from  elsewhere.  this  also  helped  them  to  build  reputations  and  brands  to  then  spread  the  word  and  promote  more  business.  today,  digital  retail  signage  is  everywhere.  some  of  the  most  substantial  transformations  within  signage  have  come  when  new  innovations  and  technologies  such  as  electricity  or  digitization  have  been  introduced
__label__interactivedisplays into  their  design.  with  the  onset  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution,  the  same  kind  of  transformation  is  currently  shifting  the  landscape  within  digital  retail  signage.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  brought  with  it  many  benefits  to  a  huge  variety  of  different  industries  and  sectors,  and,  with  the  addition  of  advanced  automation,  analytics,  data  storage  and  artificial  intelligence  ai  technologies  to  boot,  the  foundations  of  a  new  digital  technologicaldriven  future  are  being  laid.  in  this  article,  well  be  looking  at  how  the  emergence  and  expansion  of  the  internet  of  things  has  helped  breathe  new  life  into  digital  signage  and  given
__label__interactivedisplays it  both  more  capabilities  and  more  potential  than  ever  before.  so,  how  is  the  internet  of  things  revolutionizing  digital  retail  signage?  one  of  the  biggest  benefits  brought  about  by  the  introduction  of  smart  devices  and  the  growing  network  of  connected  things  is  the  huge  amount  of  data  produced  by  these  devices.  this  data  can  then  be  turned  into  actionable  insights  through  processing  and  analysis  and  be  used  to  further  improve  specific  services  or  areas  of  operation.  when  it  comes  to  digital  retail  signage,  there  are  several  ways  this  can  be  done.  one  of  the  most  exciting  ways  in  which  digital
__label__interactivedisplays retail  signage  has  been  revolutionized  through  the  introduction  of  iot  technologies  is  the  use  of  recognition  systems  to  learn  about  customers  and  their  decisionmaking  processes.  by  understanding  what  makes  their  customers  tick,  retailers  are  then  able  to  better  refine  and  refocus  their  marketing  and  advertising  efforts  using  the  same  digital  retail  signage  that  provided  the  insights.  using  builtin  recognition  systems,  digital  retail  signage  is  now  able  to  determine  the  sex  and  age  of  a  customer  as  well  as  whether  they  have  visited  that  specific  store  before,  an  ability  that  is  now  being  put  to  use  in  loyalty  schemes,  for  example.
__label__interactivedisplays discovering  which  areas  of  a  store  receive  the  most  foot  traffic  and  determining  which  products  would  be  of  most  interest  to  a  customer  based  on  their  sex  and  age  range  are  other  ways  in  which  the  data  produced  by  iotpowered  digital  signage  can  be  used.  once  retailers  have  the  means  to  understand  the  data  they  are  now  able  to  collect,  theyll  need  to  put  it  to  good  use.  delivering  bespoke  experiences  to  customers  has  fast  become  one  of  the  best  ways  to  utilize  iot  digital  signage  and  many  retailers  are  now  putting  their  technologies  to  work  in  providing  unique  and
__label__interactivedisplays customercentric  retail  experiences.  as  previously  mentioned,  recognition  systems  are  among  some  of  the  best  technologies  for  identifying  a  customers  potential  purchases  as  well  as  comparing  purchase  histories  with  stocked  products  to  provide  easy  instore  location  of  items  and  the  most  relevant  deals  and  offers  for  specific  customers.  security  will  be  a  big  factor  in  whether  or  not  the  use  of  data  to  create  such  retail  experiences  are  accepted,  however,  and  efforts  will  need  to  be  made  on  the  parts  of  retailers  to  reassure  customers  that  their  data  is  properly  secured  and  protected.  there  is  also  the  alternative  of  optin  scenarios
__label__interactivedisplays where  customers  would  accept  the  stores  requirements,  although  these  are  often  less  desirable.  privacy  will  play  a  large  part  in  the  eventual  destiny  of  the  internet  of  things  as  a  whole,  so  how  retailers  and  adopters  in  other  industries  react  to  customer  security  demands  now  may  determine  their  longterm  lifespan.  it  is  likely,  however,  that  new  technologies  will  adopt  privacybydesign  templates  in  order  to  provide  a  solution  to  this.  many  of  the  technologies  emerging  as  a  result  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  and  the  iot  focus  on  the  utilisation  and  integration  of  data  analysis  and  automation  as  well  as  some
__label__interactivedisplays ai  and  virtualization  technologies  too.  this  means  that,  in  order  to  best  prepare  themselves  for  future  technological  additions,  retailers  will  need  to  ensure  smooth  upgrade  paths  for  all  new  and  existing  infrastructure.  how  services  based  on  different  platforms  behave  will  be  significantly  influenced  by  the  infrastructure  they  are  built  upon.  in  order  to  expand  into  future  platforms  and  revenue  streams,  retailers  will  need  to  ensure  their  infrastructure  can  keep  up  with  the  technological  advances  we  have  yet  to  see.  5g  communications  networks,  for  example,  will  only  benefit  those  who  are  able  to  use  them.  there  are  also  other  aspects  to
__label__interactivedisplays consider  such  as  the  development  of  smart  buildings  and  cities.  retailers  will  also  need  to  prepare  for  a  time  when  their  digital  signage  is  connected  to  the  rest  of  the  building,  what  kind  of  network  infrastructure  will  they  need  to  support  their  operations?  as  we  move  into  an  increasingly  connected  future,  the  internet  of  things  looks  set  to  play  a  large  role  in  the  way  in  which  digital  retail  signage  is  utilized.  the  infrastructure  required  to  support  such  capabilities  as  described  in  this  article  are  not  tomorrows  inventions,  but  todays  realities  and  their  integration  into  digital  signage  systems  will  no
__label__interactivedisplays our  internet  of  things  technology  gives  retailers  powerful  new  insights  about  customer  visitation  behaviour,  product  interest  and  dwell  time,  route  through  the  store,  etc.  when  combined  with  data  about  their  online  and  mobile  browsing  history,  previous  activity  and  knowledge  from  your  crm,  it  allows  you  create  engaging  messaging  through  the  customers  smartphone,  digital  display  screens  or  through  immediate  targeted  advertising  campaigns.  the  most  critical  element  of  your  retail  iot  play  is  customer  engagement.  without  engagement  you  will  not  produce  the  quality  of  data  required  to  have  valuable  interactions  with  your  customer.  whether  you  start  with  great  product  information,  just  in
__label__interactivedisplays time  digital  coupon  offers,  or  recommendations  based  on  previous  purchases,  with  a  great  engagement  plan  it  can  all  lead  to  loyal,  engaged  customerswho  are  true  brand  ambassadors.  sensors,  tags  and  smart  devices  like  ouripr  allows  retailers  to  monitor  customer  and  staff  movements  via  wifi,  bluetooth,  beacon  enabled  apps,  or  simple  motion  sensors.  monitor  stock  levels  in  real  time  with  rfid  tags  and  program  alerts  to  remind  staff  what  floor  stock  is  low.  automate  the  monitoring  of  stock  temperatures,  store  room  cupboards  and  doors,  light  intensity,  store  temperature,  etc  and  have  this  information  on  your  phones  dashboard  to  ensure  you  are
__label__interactivedisplays aware  of  the  critical  factors  in  your  business.  automatically  interrupting  your  digital  signsprogrammingto  display  contextual  content  specifically  for  the  known  person  approaching  the  screens  proximity.  screensmarts  can  turn  any  smartphone  into  a  remote  control  of  a  digital  screen  allowing  the  viewer  to  choose  which  of  your  content  they  wish  to  see.  screensmarts  can  deliver  the  same  or  different  content  simultaneously  to  both  the  users  smartphone  and  the  digital  screen.  iproximity  is  a  proud  partner  of  unacast.unacast  is  the  number  one  platform  connecting  consumers  offline  behavior  from  beacons  and  other  sensors  with  online  marketing  platforms.the  unacast  network  is  the  largest  network
__label__interactivedisplays of  proximity  companies  in  the  world  and  now  includes  over  1  million  deployed  sensors  globally,  cementing  its  number  one  status  as  the  backend  of  all  proximity  data.  the  ability  to  connect  what  customers  do  offline  in  the  real  world  to  what  they  do  online  combining  their  physical  and  digital  selves  means  greater  convenience,  faster  shopping,  immersive  experiences,  more  relevant  communication,  tailored  products  and  offers.  iproximitys  retargeting  solutions  include  the  ability  for  you  to  retarget  your  own  customers  and  sell  your  proximity  information  to  other  parties  that  may  wish  to  advertise  to  customers  based  on  your  proximity  information.  iproximity  has  developed
__label__interactivedisplays the  leading  proximity  management  and  campaign  platform  the  that  simply  manages  1  or  thousands  of  campaigns  and  locations  from  the  cloud.  in  addition,  we  have  proximity  apps  including  the  multiaward  winning  and  unique  information  discovery  products  such  as  ,  our  advertising  retargeting  solution,  our  mobile  coupon  platform  and  that  integrates  proximity  with  digital  signage.  with  solutions  designed  for  enterprise  and  community,  iproximity  is  the  cutting  edge  provider  of  proximity  solutions.  iproximity  has  a  business  called  the  .  mobile  coupons  can  be  distributed  via  social  media,  email,  sms,  wifi  or  pulled  by  the  consumer  using  qr  codes,  nfc  tags,  beacons  etc.
__label__interactivedisplays mobile  coupon  factorys  coupons  are  fully  interactive  allowing  you  create  entertaining  coupons  from  loyalty  cards  to  scratch  and  win  games.  our  couponsare  location  enabled  and  can  be  triggered  by  both  beacons  and  geolocation  technology.  naturally  our  platform  includes  a  series  of  coupon  validation  methods,  data  integration  and  real  time  analytics.  moups  are  a  great  way  to  use  your  beacons  to  interactwith  consumers  with  or  without  a  mobile  app.  melbourne,  australia  phone:  1300  iproximity  email:  web:  the  latest  the  smart  city  daily  thanks  to  sovereign  wealth  could  fund  the  sdgs  the  latest  the  smart  city  daily  thanks  to  please  enter  a
__label__interactivedisplays valid  email  address  invalid  email  please  enter  your  first  name  please  enter  your  last  name  please  enter  a  username  please  enter  a  password  please  confirm  your  password  password  and  password  confirmation  do  not  match
__label__interactivedisplays what  is  the  iot?  we  look  at  ten  key  examples  of  how  this  innovative  technology  is  being  applied  to  retail  by  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  just  one  of  many  new  technologies  that  are  likely  to  transform  the  retail  sector  over  the  next  few  years.  it  sits  alongside  ,  fintech,  and  as  the  subject  of  much  speculation,  promise,  and  uncertainty.  amidst  all  the  speculation,  though,  its  easy  to  miss  the  fact  that  the  iot  is  already  seeing  widespread  use  in  the  retail  sector.  according  to  a  recent  ,  for  instance,  the  market  for  iot  in  the  retail  sector  is
__label__interactivedisplays predicted  to  reach  over  30  billion  by  2024.  in  another  ,  verizon  has  found  that  retail  companies  have  already  realised  the  benefits  that  iot  tech  can  bring  to  their  consumer  interactions.  specifically,  put  simply,  the  iot  is  a  way  of  integrating  the  real  world  with  the  internet.  objects  are  embedded  with  sensors  that  can  detect  and  store  pieces  of  data  about  them,  and  this  data  can  be  accessed  and  worked  with  by  machines  and  applications  connected  to  the  same  network.  this  is  certainly  a  broad  definition.  however,  it  also  suggests  the  sheer  range  of  applications  for  the  iot,  since  almost
__label__interactivedisplays anything  can  be  connected  to  it,  and  anything  can,  therefore,  be  transformed  into  a  smart  object  that  can  be  interacted  with.  the  retail  sector  has  been  at  the  forefront  of  the  adoption  of  iot  technologies,  and  with  good  reason.  like  many  sectors,  retail  has  been  transformed  by  digital  technologies.  unlike  some  other  sectors,  though,  retail  is  concerned  with  the  physical  movement  of  objects.  since  the  iot  promises  to  integrate  digital  technology  and  physical  objects,  it  is  not  surprising  that  retailers  have  been  among  the  first  to  explore  its  capabilities.  the  capabilities  of  iot  technology  are  only  beginning  to  be  explored,
__label__interactivedisplays and  so  giving  an  overview  of  just  what  the  technology  can  do  is  almost  impossible.  what  is  possible,  though,  is  to  look  at  the  ways  that  retailers  are  already  using  the  technology.  one  of  the  most  direct  applications  of  the  iot  is  found  in  the  smart  shelves  that  several  retailers  have  begun  to  use.  in  these  systems,  objects  in  a  store  are  tagged  with  an  rfid  tag.  an  antenna  can  read  these  tags  and  sends  the  location  of  each  item  to  an  iot  system.  in  this  way,  the  physical  location  of  every  item  can  be  tracked  in  real  time,  and
__label__interactivedisplays this  data  can  be  used  to  inform  inventory  management  software.  this  all  feeds  into  more  efficient  stock  analysis  and  automated  stock  retrieval  enter  robot  pickers  and  drones.  pretty  smart,  right?  well  get  on  to  robots  a  little  later  beacons  are  simple,  lowenergy  bluetooth  devices  that  directly  push  notifications  to  customers  phones  when  they  are  in  range.  because  they  are  so  small,  they  can  easily  be  attached  to  walls  or  any  other  surface,  and  deliver  relevant  information  to  customers  in  exactly  the  context  that  you  want  them  to  receive  it.  though  a  relatively  new  idea,  beacons  are  already  seeing  extensive  use
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  retail  sector.  bi  intelligence,  for  instance,  predicts  that  the  number  of  beacons  installed  in  retail  outlets  is  likely  to  grow  from  96,000  in  2015  to  3.5  million  in  2020.  swirl  networks  inc.  found  over  70  of  shoppers  say  beacontriggered  content  and  offers  increased  their  likelihood  to  purchase  instore.  beacons,  too,  are  widely  utilised  in  events  and  are  especially  useful  for  exhibitions.  they  can  be  used  to  monitor  realtime  traffic  and  help  inform  decisions  to  heighten  audience  engagement,  drive  action  and  lead  to  higher  conversion  rates.  people  have  been  predicting  that  robots  are  going  to  revolutionise  the  retail  sector
__label__interactivedisplays for  decades,  but  in  recent  years  it  appears  that  this  is  actually  happening.  amazons  dedicated  robotics  lab  has  produced  across  their  300  global  warehouses.  this  has  enabled  their  warehouse  operations  to  scale  up  and  be  adaptive/reactive  to  consumer  orders.  and  are  testing  and  utilising  robots  in  stores  to  help  stock  shelves  and  take  inventory  to  optimise  the  shopping  experience  for  customers.  instore  are  being  trialled  as  well,  where  they  interact  with  customers  facetoface  either  through  touchscreen  or  voicerecognition  and  help  them  with  product  selections  and  location.  for  this  to  be  widely  adopted  a  lot  of  subject  matter  expertise  must  be
__label__interactivedisplays taken  into  account  in  training  a  robots  operating  systems.  softbanks  is  a  household  name  with  its  humanoid  characteristics  pepper  drove  a  70  footfall  increase  in  the  first  week  of  a  branch  launch,  with  another  seeing  13  increase  in  sales  and  6x  adoption  of  a  new  product.  the  novelty  factor  definitely  weighed  in  on  the  spike  and  not  necessarily  down  to  improved  services  or  customer  experience  here.  legitimate  return  may  take  another  few  years  to  see  but  any  tangible  roi  will  propel  adoption  of  similar  robotics  applications  across  relevant  futurefocussed  retail  organisations.  digital  signage  also  relies  on  iot  technology  but  uses
__label__interactivedisplays it  to  deliver  bespoke  ads  to  customers.  in  the  most  advanced  installations,  digital  signs  can  even  identify  the  gender  and  age  of  those  walking  past  and  can  use  this  data  to  decide  which  advert  to  display.  digital  signage  can  respond  to  external  factors  and  react  quickly  to  changing  factors,  making  it  both  intuitive  and  relevant.  in  less  sophisticated  setups,  digital  signs  can  query  a  customers  smartphone  in  order  to  identify  them,  and  then  display  ads  or  other  information  tailored  to  them.  because  the  iot  seeks  to  integrate  the  real  world  with  the  digital  one,  some  of  the  most  exciting  applications
__label__interactivedisplays of  the  technology  have  been  in  corporate  and  consumer  events.  using  the  iot  in  these  events  not  only  provides  attendees  with  a  smoother,  more  convenient  experience:  it  can  also  be  used  to  impress  upon  them  a  brands  values  and  willingness  to  embrace  the  latest  tech.  one  such  example  was  hilton  americas  leadership  conference  in  2017,  where  each  attendee  was  given  a  smart  bracelet.  this  bracelet  was  paired  with  a  profile  containing  contact  information,  and  also  contained  an  rfid  chip.  mci  has  also  utilised  this  technology  to  bring  people  together  and  allowing  them  to  network  in  a  frictionless  manner  by  easily
__label__interactivedisplays swapping  contact  information  by  touching  their  bracelets  simultaneously.  another  innovative  use  of  iot  tech  in  retail  events  was  showcased  at  event  tech  live.  attendees  at  the  event  were  issued  with  an  id  card.  so  far,  so  normal.  however,  this  id  card  incorporated  an  rfid  chip  that  could  be  used  to  interact  with  each  exhibitors  stall.  exhibitors  could  then  choose  what  information  would  be  uploaded  to  a  visitors  profile  when  they  touched  the  badge  to  a  receiver.  here  we  can  see  how  iot  is  impacting  on  the  way  brands  communicate  with  their  potential  customers,  paving  the  way  for  a  more  personalised
__label__interactivedisplays interaction  that  will  nurture  sales.  multiple  banks  are  adopting  the  iot  system  of  contactless  wearables  to  facilitate  purchases.  consumers  can  leave  behind  their  wallets  and  focus  on  the  experience.  from  sporting  events  like  the  us  open,  formula  one  and  football  tournaments,  where  fans  can  enjoy  frictionless  purchases,  to  theme  parks  like  and  universal  where  customers  can  wait  virtually  in  line  and  trigger  water  jets  and  light  effects  via  their  devices.  fashion  giants  such  as  kate  spade,  fossil,  diesel  and  michael  kors  have  all  begun  selling  chic,  fashionforward  smart  watches  and  nfc  in  the  uk  has  produced  the  first  contactless  payment
__label__interactivedisplays rings.  events  have  also  adopted  this  technology,  such  as  eurovision,  where  each  attendee  was  given  a  smart  wristband  that  was  linked  to  their  payment  details.  visitors  could  then  leave  their  cash  and  payment  cards  in  their  hotel  room,  and  instead,  use  their  wristband  to  pay  for  products.  the  same  wristbands,  in  fact,  could  then  be  used  at  any  contactless  pos  terminal  in  the  world.  wearables  enable  brands  and  customers  to  have  simple  and  seamless  transactions,  through  ease  of  payment  and  added  enhancements  like  virtual  queuing  for  a  heightened  retail  experience.  the  sc17  conference  also  used  iot  in  an  innovative  way.
__label__interactivedisplays attendees  at  the  conference  could  be  tracked  as  they  moved  around,  and  realtime  heat  maps  were  produced  of  where  crowds  were  gathering.  in  the  event  itself,  this  technology  helped  the  organisers  to  see  which  exhibitor  stands  were  the  most  popular,  and  to  quickly  address  any  overcrowding  issues  that  arose.  however,  several  retail  companies  have  since  shown  great  interest  in  the  technology,  which  may  help  them  to  see  in  real  time  where  customers  are  gathering  in  a  store,  and  to  better  plan  the  positioning  of  their  products.  the  south  by  southwest  conference  is  another  event  that  has  been  at  the  forefront
__label__interactivedisplays of  iot.  in  this  case,  the  conference  used  beacons  to  provide  attendees  with  a  list  of  other  visitors  in  their  vicinity,  and  some  quick  information  on  their  job  role  and  sector.  the  system  was  designed  to  allow  visitors  to  quickly  and  painlessly  make  meaningful  connections,  and  to  streamline  the  networking  process.  it  could  also  be  used,  however,  to  deliver  bespoke  messages  as  participants  moved  around  the  venue,  drawing  their  attention  to  particular  stands  or  products  that  might  interest  them.  it  is  not  hard  to  see  the  value  of  a  similar  system  in  the  retail  sector:  beacons  could  easily  be  used
__label__interactivedisplays in  a  store  to  give  customised  recommendations  to  visiting  shoppers  and  to  draw  their  attention  to  items  that  they  might  miss  otherwise.  likewise  at  a  retail  event  experience,  this  system  could  be  adopted  to  stimulate  new  connections  and  strategically  match  attendees  according  to  their  interests.  marriott  hotels  have  used  the  iot  in  order  to  provide  truly  personalised  experiences  for  its  guests.  guests  can  create  a  profile  on  an  online  system,  through  which  they  can  set  their  desired  room  temperature,  and  even  customise  the  images  they  would  like  to  see  in  smart  picture  frames.  every  time  they  visit  a  marriott  hotel
__label__interactivedisplays room,  their  preferences  are  automatically  retrieved.  these  hotel  rooms  represent  arguably  the  most  sophisticated  use  of  iot  in  the  hospitality  sector,  but  again  it  is  not  difficult  to  see  similar  ideas  appearing  in  the  retail  sector  soon:  it  may  even  be  possible,  in  the  near  future,  to  offer  every  shopper  their  own  bespoke  retail  store,  stacked  with  items  that  you  know  they  will  love.  so  there  we  have  it:  10  examples  of  the  iot,  used  in  completely  different  ways,  by  completely  different  companies.  given  the  flexibility  of  the  technology,  this  should  not  be  surprising.  it  is  also  worth  noting,  though,
__label__interactivedisplays that  many  of  the  most  exciting  applications  of  the  iot  as  seen  in  the  list  above  have  been  during  corporate  and  consumer  events.  this  is  no  coincidence.  since  the  iot  ultimately  aims  to  unite  the  physical  world  with  the  digital,  it  is  natural  that  the  most  extensive  use  of  the  technology  has  come  in  those  contexts  where  reallife  customers  meet  the  latest  advances  in  retail  technology:  consumer  trade  shows.  iot  has  also  proved  particularly  popular  in  events  because  of  the  simultaneous  rise  in  the  popularity  of  experiential  marketing.  the  iot  is  still  relatively  new  to  most  consumers,  and  as  a
__label__interactivedisplays result  still  has  an  enormous  wow  factor  when  deployed  and  integrated  into  experiences  correctly.  for  this  reason,  many  retailers  have  chosen  to  test  proposed  iot  systems  at  events  first,  where  they  can  reach  influencers  and  gather  feedback,  before  rolling  it  out  across  their  wider  retail  platforms.  ultimately,  the  iot  provides  a  powerful  tool  for  retail  brands  to  engage  with  their  customers  in  more  profound,  personal  ways.  and  so  whilst  embracing  new  technologies  is  always  important,  we  should  also  remember  that  they  are  only  valuable  if  they  allow  us  to  heighten  the  experience,  connect  and  communicate  with  our  customers  more  meaningfully.
__label__interactivedisplays we  can  help  you  to  create  experiences  that  showcase  the  power  of  iot  and  increase  the  impact  on  engagement  with  your  target  audiences  mci  experience  is  part  of  the  ,  an  independently  owned  company  with  headquarters  in  geneva,  switzerland  and  a  global  presence.  we  have  2,500  professionals  in  61  offices  and  31  countries  working  with  clients  across  europe,  the  americas,  asiapacific,  india,  the  middle  east  and  africa.  the  mci  group  has  over  30  years  experience  working  across  categories  including  healthcare,  technology,  luxury  goods,  automotive,  fintech  and  professional  services.  copyright  2019  mci  global.  all  rights  reserved.  receive  the  best  insights,  innovations
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  is  a  powerful  way  to  deliver  experiences  that  transcend  these  two  worlds.  firstspirit  is  the  only  digital  experience  platform  that  helps  you  deliver  continuous  experiences  in  real  timewhether  online,  offline,  in  iot  smart  devices,  or  any  combination  thereof  at  oncefor  a  consistent  buyers  journey  and  an  accelerated  time  to  revenue.  seamlessly  engage  customers  whether  online,  offline  or  instoreusing  .  the  experience  is  truly  wherever  you  are.  simply  create  content,  and  it  goes  wherever  its  intended  to  goinstantly.  through  espirits  exclusive  partnership  with  samsung  sds,  you  can  deliver  targeted  content  to  samsung  digital  signs  or  iot  smart  devices  with
__label__interactivedisplays unprecedented  ease.  we  are  very  pleased  to  be  working  with  espirit.  this  allows  us  to  offer  our  customers  entirely  new  possibilities  for  the  dynamic  use  of  digital  signage  systems  as  a  complement  to  their  multichannel  strategy.  that  deepens  ecommerce  engagement,  promotes  product  discovery,  and  increases  sales.  that  features  recent  store  or  vendoradvertising  campaigns,  videos,  and  digital  imagery.  that  adapt  to  consumer  behavior  versus  your  goalsfor  example,  promoting  loss  leaders  or  advertising  sales  items  to  increase  volume.  such  as  how  to  use  a  product,  how  much  it  costs,  what  it  contains,  and  any  sales  or  coupon  information  related  to  the  product.
__label__interactivedisplays to  influence  consumers  while  they  are  in  line  or  at  checkout,  such  as  flash  coupons.  ,  such  as  price  checking,  product  inventory,  and  location  of  items.  that  helps  customers  navigate  the  location,  which  is  useful  in  very  large  stores,  airports,  and  tourist  attractions  such  as  museums.  featuring  news,  weather,  stock  market  updates  like  the  ones  in  city  building  elevators  develop  and  implement  a  comprehensive  omnichannel  marketing  strategy  that  engages  consumers  at  each  step  of  the  buyer  journey.  for  centuries  organizations  have  attempted  to  differentiate  their  companies  by  creating  amazing  products,  establishing  creative  offers,  using  effective  distribution  channels,  and/or  going  to
__label__interactivedisplays at  a  time  when  shopping  online  from  the  comfort  of  your  own  home  is  considered  the  norm,  and  the  added  convenience  of  next  day  deliveries  and  easy  returns  is  no  longer  a  chore,  its  easy  to  see  how  high  street  retailers  and  restaurants  are  fighting  to  keep  their  customers  coming  through  the  doors.  a  trending  method  of  communication  has  been  making  its  way  into  everyday  businesses,  with  the  aim  of  creating  new  and  improved  experiences  for  shoppers;  digital  signage.  although  digital  signage  is  not  necessarily  a  new  technology,  this  is  according  to  a  2018  report  by  orbis  research  .  this
__label__interactivedisplays explosion  of  digital  signage  now  means  the  technology  is  becoming  more  affordable  and  common  place;  not  just  exclusive  to  highend  stores  or  corporate  lobbies  anymore.  to  keep  up  with  the  high  footfall  that  online  shopping  generates,  high  street  shops  and  restaurants  are  turning  their  attention  to  enhancing  the  customers  experience  once  theyve  entered  the  premises.  creating  more  meaningful  facetoface  contact  with  employees  is  no  longer  enough,  applied  solutions  in  retail  environments  must  be  more  engaging,  stimulating  and  interactive  to  encourage  customers  to  purchase  and  continue  to  purchase  from  businesses.  ,  digital  signage  in  retail  stores  is  the  ideal  communication  platform
__label__interactivedisplays to  heighten  brand  and  product  awareness,  especially  when  placed  in  strategic  locations  particularly  near  point  of  sale  as  .  personalised  content  is  also  an  expected  part  of  the  modern  buying  process.  which,  when  integrated  with  digital  signage  in  retail,  can  be  used  to  create  realtime  or  provide  consumers  with  locationbased  information  that  is  specific  to  them.  for  example,  a  customer  with  the  retailers  phone  app  walks  into  a  retail  store  where  the  digital  sign  can  detect  when  theyve  arrived  using  nfc  technology.  they  are  greeted  and  shown  content  which  is  .  as  they  make  their  way  through  the  store,  other
__label__interactivedisplays signs  also  pick  up  the  customers  presence  and  display  tailored  offers  to  encourage  additional  purchases  in  that  section.  other  examples  of  ways  in  which  digital  signage  in  retail  can  be  used  to  improve  customer  experiences  include:  the  bottom  line  is  that  providing  a  pleasant  and  straightforward  shopping  or  dining  experience  is  to  now  be  expected;  with  interactive  digital  signage  ,  as  well  as  increasing  with  the  customer  overall.  with  the  expectation  that  digital  signage  in  retail  will  also  ,  digital  advertising  and  communication  will  continue  to  become  increasingly  targeted  in  order  to  meet  consumer  demands.  a  leading  manufacture  of  digital
__label__interactivedisplays signage  solutions,  provide  innovative,  commercialgrade  media  players  and  integrated  displays.  by  focusing  on  partnership,  iadea  has  created  one  of  the  industrys  largest  ecosystems  around  open  standards  across  a  wide  variety  of  markets.  to  find  out  more  about  iadeas  digital  signage  range,  lorem  ipsum  dolor  sit  amet,  consectetur  adipiscing  elit.  vestibulum  hendrerit,  turpis  ullamcorper  cursus  laoreet,  nulla  tortor  feugiat  nisi,  imperdiet  viverra  odio  augue  eget  turpis.
__label__interactivedisplays continue  to  site  image  via  istock.com  digital  signage  vendors  are  constantly  innovating  and  testing  new  tools,  ranging  from  ai  to  dynamic  content  to  responsive  touchscreens.  keeping  up  with  these  trends  is  absolutely  key  to  ensure  your  digital  signage  is  effective.  as  digital  signage  continually  becomes  more  responsive  and  dynamic,  it  will  become  even  more  important  to  stay  uptodate  on  these  trends  to  avoid  falling  behind  the  competition.  the  current  big  trends  of  2019  include  ai,  omnichannel  and  personalization.  in  order  to  learn  more  about  these  trends  and  whats  on  the  horizon  for  the  future,  digital  signage  today  spoke  with  chris
__label__interactivedisplays devlin,  president  of  digital  signage  software  vendor  to  get  his  perspective.  what  would  you  say  are  the  top  three  biggest  trends  in  digital  signage?  as  a  software  vendor  well  stay  away  from  some  of  the  hardware  changes  like  systemonchip,  and  flexible  or  uniquely  shaped  screen  formats.  the  biggest  trends  we  are  seeing  include:  autonomy  /  artificial  intelligence  we  hear  about  ai  all  the  time,  but  in  digital  signage  it  is  vital  to  have  a  screen  adapt  and  respond  appropriately  to  changing  conditions.automating  changes  to  content,  data  or  instructions  that  are  displayed  based  on  other  systems  such  as  analytics,  content  management
__label__interactivedisplays or  iot  devices  are  all  part  of  this  ai  revolution.  digital  signage  is  one  of  the  most  visible  aspects  of  this.  omnichannel  it  is  a  buzzword  that  has  been  present  for  a  long  time.  now  the  seamless  integration  of  content  across  devices  and  mediums  is  not  just  an  idea  it  is  very  real.we  are  seeing  organizations  move  away  from  bespoke  applications  to  focusing  more  on  truly  integrating  their  systems  and  marketing  across  all  digital  mediums.phones,  email,  digital  signage  and  of  course  traditional  physical  assets  and  environments  are  key  to  customer  experience,  and  that  customer  experience  is  at  the  leading  edge
__label__interactivedisplays of  digital  transformation.  personalization  we  talk  about  personalization  and  customer  experience  all  the  time.it  is  the  panacea.we  can  achieve  it  through  information  based  applications  like  digital  signage.  whether  information  is  used  to  speak  directly  to  the  customer  through  a  web  based  phone  app  or  in  a  digital  signage  application  to  display  relevant  content  to  an  individual  or  group  it  is  still  based  on  the  same  connection  to  data/information.  that  connection  to  make  things  more  personal  is  moving  at  a  rapid  pace  across  all  industries.  how  does  digital  signage  fit  into  the  bigger  trend  of  improved  digital  communications?  it  is  critical.
__label__interactivedisplays if  you  think  about  what  we  can  control  that  a  user  sees  its  the  digital  screen  signage.most  information  can  be  delivered  over  a  screen.  the  key  is  bringing  in  relevant  information  and  content  to  the  screens/applications  you  build  for  them.good  digital  signage  software  connects  to  existing  systems  and  lets  you  leverage  that  data  for  multiple  purposes  and  multiple  applications.with  these  tools  you  can  make  dashboards,  measure  productivity,  connect  to  the  outside  world  through  iot  devices  or  third  party  services  and  use  any  of  that  as  either  subject  matter  or  as  sources  of  information  to  change  content.  how  close  are  we
__label__interactivedisplays to  truly  dynamic  content  that  can  directly  respond  to  customers?  we  are  already  there  with  mobile  phones  and  computers.  with  soc  we  are  already  there  with  digital  signage.  getting  personal  isnt  about  displaying  personal  data  per  se  rather  it  is  displaying  relevant  content.  digital  signage  solutions  have  already  been  built  that  use  dynamic  content  in  an  effective  way.  gmc  used  facial  detection  to  identify  gender,  facial  expressions,  age,  and  more  to  change  the  content  on  a  digital  sign  accordingly  and  created  an  engaging  and  entertaining  experience.  shikatani  lacroix  design  sld  recently  created  a  stateoftheart  experience  center  for  nu  skin  that
__label__interactivedisplays collaboratively  uses  data  and  personalized  content  to  create  a  great  digital  experience.  so  while  digital  signs  may  not  be  showing  people  the  latest  product  they  searched  for  on  google,  they  are  using  dynamic  content  to  create  very  engaging  experiences.  what  are  some  tactics  digital  signage  end  users  can  use  to  interact  with  distracted  customers?  create  a  solution  that  is  eyecatching,  entertaining,  and  engaging  something  that  piques  curiosity  and  surprises,  something  that  people  will  want  to  share  on  social  media.  content  is  king,  after  all.  again,  the  gmc  facial  detection  solution  is  a  great  example  of  this  what  is  going  to
__label__interactivedisplays happen  next?  solutions  that  connect  with  customers  and  create  a  positive  emotional  reaction,  solutions  that  surprise  and  create  joy  can  really  grab  someones  attention  and  retain  it.  what  do  you  see  as  the  biggest  future  trend  for  digital  signage?  we  believe  digital  signage  will  become  as  ubiquitous  as  lighting  in  non  residential  applications.think  about  any  building  you  walk  into;  you  need  information.  there  is  no  doubt  that  the  information  you  need  should  be  digitally  provided.it  can  be  changed  more  quickly,  it  can  serve  multiple  purposes  and  it  is  smart  in  that  the  software  can  be  tied  into  every  other  system
__label__interactivedisplays in  that  public  space.so  hospitals,  airports,  offices,  stadiums,  malls,  plants,  any  place  that  people  go  in  volume,  we  will  see  digital  signage  as  ubiquitous  as  lighting  is  today.people  are  expecting  more  digital  engagement  in  every  aspect  of  their  life.  weve  always  known  that  in  order  to  make  good  choices  people  need  good  information.  digital  signage  is  the  best  medium  for  all  of  those  facilities  to  inform  their  audience  because  it  is  the  only  display  that  they  completely  control.  cx,  ai,  info  based  applications  and  public  safety  which  we  didnt  talk  much  about  but  is  top  of  mind  for  any  facility
__label__interactivedisplays in  the  modern  world  are  all  best  controlled  in  digital  signage  and  enhanced  or  extended  to  other  mediums  not  the  other  way  around.  topics:  ,  ,  ,  ,  bradley  cooper  is  a  technology  editor  for  digitalsignagetoday.com  and  blockchaintechnews.com.  his  background  is  in  information  technology,  advertising,  and  writing.  sponsored  links:  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld  media  group  sites:  the  email  address  you  entered  is  already  registered.  please  sign  in  to  continue  or  use  another  email  address.  you  can  sign  into  this  site  using  your  login  credentials  from  any  of  these  networld
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signs  arent  just  for  big  retailers  any  more.  as  acquisition  costs  have  dropped  and  turnkey  bundles  emerge,  solutions  providers  targeting  smbs  can  pitch  affordability  and  simplicity  as  key  selling  points.  the  market  for  digital  signs  grows  every  year  in  size  and  scope,  with  more  than  2  million  digital  signs  in  use  now  in  the  united  states,  according  to  .  the  technology  is  now  proven,  and  new  levels  of  interactivity  are  creating  innovative  ways  to  put  it  to  work  in  any  business.  with  emerging  standards,  solutions  providers  can  mix  and  match  components,  supporting  customer  solutions  that  are  costeffective  to  implement
__label__interactivedisplays and  manage.  this  shift  has  opened  the  door  for  small  and  mediumsize  businesses  smbs  across  a  wide  range  of  marketsretail,  hospitality  and  restaurantsto  add  digital  signs  to  their  arsenal  of  customer  connection  tools.  for  small  businesses,  digital  signs  offer  significant  advantages  over  conventional  signs  and  clumsy  sandwich  boards.  businesses  can  adapt  messaging  on  the  fly.  different  content  can  appear  on  different  screens,  at  different  times  and  in  different  places.  and  the  signs  help  a  small  business  look  like  a  big  business,  as  they  display  live  feeds  from  tv,  the  internet,  databases  and  more.  solutions  providers  aiming  to  sell  smb  customers
__label__interactivedisplays a  digital  signage  solution  should  have  a  good  idea  of  how  the  technology  functions  and  the  many  ways  smbs  are  effectively  using  digital  signs.  intel  and  ingram  micro  have  created  a  list  of  10  common  usages,  which  will  give  you  a  starting  point  for  discussing  options  with  your  smb  customers.  using  digital  signs  makes  people  more  aware  of  products  and  services,  which  is  a  proven  way  to  increase  sales  numbers.  with  digital  signs,  a  business  can  change  what  appears  by  the  minute  or  by  the  day.  do  customer  buying  patterns  differ  at  certain  hours  of  the  day  or  days  of
__label__interactivedisplays the  week?  digital  signs  can  promote  the  most  appropriate  offerings  at  peak  buying  times.  a  significant  advantage  of  going  digital  is  to  link  signs  with  inventory  systems.  for  example,  stores  are  using  digital  signs  to  automatically  display  updated  pricing  for  products  nearing  their  expirationor  freshnesstime.  is  a  prime  example,  as  individual  stores  use  digital  signs  to  display  available  and  constantly  changing  donut  flavors  and  limitedtime  menu  choices  on  the  overhead  menu.  this  is  a  common  usage  for  hospitality,  schools  and  small  stores  that  have  changing  information  to  relay  to  visitors  or  consumers.  many  hotels  use  digital  signs  as  a  guide
__label__interactivedisplays to  daily  meetings,  events,  services,  local  weather  and  amenities.  religious  organizations  provide  church  schedules,  celebration  dates  and  discussion  topics.  the  information  on  the  sign  could  drive  attendance  or  simply  get  people  to  the  right  place  at  the  right  time.  many  smbs  use  digital  signs  to  enhance  the  atmosphere.  in  this  usage  scenario,  banks,  medical  clinics  or  auto  repair  shops  see  the  primary  value  as  providing  entertainment  or  an  informative  distraction  that  reduces  perceived  wait  times.  quick  service  restaurants  have  been  actively  adopting  digital  menu  boards,  which  can  include  mouthwatering  graphics,  photos  and  nutritional  information.  digital  menus  in  this  capacity  help
__label__interactivedisplays with  crossselling  and  upselling.  these  signs  can  also  include  order  confirmation,  queue  calling  and  pickup  notification.  grocery  stores  use  electronic  shelf  labels  with  lcd  screens  that  can  automatically  update  when  a  product  price  changes.  stores  often  use  digital  signs  as  selfservice  kiosks,  offering  more  information  or  transaction  processing  capabilities.  intel  research  reports  that  some  restaurants  have  experienced  that  the  average  order  price  increases  when  orders  are  placed  at  a  kiosk  vs.  the  counter.  interactivity  is  one  of  the  most  significant  developments  in  digital  signage.  touch  screens  dramatically  enhance  the  ability  of  a  sign  to  increase  customer  engagement.  gesture  control  allows
__label__interactivedisplays people  to  do  many  things  just  by  a  hand  wave,  and  near  field  communications  create  interaction  with  a  customers  mobile  device.  instore  shoppers  can  get  access  to  expanded  online  inventory  via  touch  screens  and  3d  graphics.  this  gives  the  business  that  has  a  small  space  and  cant  display  enough  inventory  in  the  store  for  example,  an  appliance  or  furniture  store  to  offer  virtual  merchandising  with  an  interactive  sign  or  kiosk.  using  optical  sensors  and  anonymous  viewer  analytics  ava  software  in  conjunction  with  digital  signage  allows  the  business  to  gather  data  on  customer  traffic  patterns,  breakdowns  by  age  and  gender,  and
__label__interactivedisplays time  of  day.  the  business  can  then  generate  instore  heat  map  analysis,  correlation  analysis  between  customer  shopping  behavior  and  pos  data,  and  identify  inventory  and  content  that  captures  buyers  interest.  the  same  network  that  links  digital  signs  can  be  used  for  surveillance.  cameras  can  detect  pos  fraud,  intrusion  detection  and  shoplifting.  ipbased  cameras  can  capture  data  in  hd  2560  x  1920  megapixels  allowing  plenty  of  room  to  zoom  in  on  criminals.  businesses  can  use  digital  signs  for  employees,  such  as  a  programmed,  timed  display  of  routine  startup  and  closedown  instructions.  digital  signage  is  also  useful  to  show  ondemand  training  videos
__label__interactivedisplays for  technicians.  for  solutions  providers  with  smb  customers  interested  in  digital  signs,  intel  and  ingram  micro  have  assembled  a  turnkey  digital  signage  solution.  powered  by  intel  technology,  the  is  a  fully  supported  set  of  products  and  interoperable  services.  with  virtually  no  technical  expertise,  solution  providers  can  expand  into  new  vertical  markets  with  a  fully  supported  digital  sign  solution  and  attractive  revenue  sharing  opportunities.  to  find  out  more  about  the  intel  and  ingram  micro  digital  signage  promo  bundle,  download  the  .  ingram  micro  digital  signage  experts  will  be  guests  in  our  social  chat  on  october  5  .  stay  tuned  for  registration
__label__interactivedisplays details.  solutions  providers  interested  in  helping  their  customers  modernize  their  message  can  now  more  easily  and  efficiently  plug  into  the  growing  digital  signage  market.  digital  signs  are  everywhereinside  retail  stores,  school  buildings,  hospitals,  fitness  clubs,  on  gas  pumps,  above  congested  freeways  and  in  hotel  elevators.  business  owners  in  many  vertical  industries  and  public  agencies  are  using  them  not  only  to  display  information  and  advertising,  but  to  gather  relevant  consumer  data.  in  fact,  pq  media  estimates  that  digital  signage  is  ascending  to  the  worlds  second  fastest  growing  ad  medium  and  forecasts  that  in  retail,  digital  signs  are  already  becoming  a  musthave
__label__interactivedisplays marketing  tool.  using  digital  signs  with  other  traditional  marketing  tools  helps  businesses  enhance  the  shopping  experience  and  build  customer  loyalty,  a  strategy  that  has  been  shown  to  this  desire  to  put  digital  signs  into  action  in  multiple  markets  means  that  the  technologyand  opportunityis  lighting  up  fast  for  solution  providers.  more  than  just  a  means  of  advertising,  digital  signage  can  be  a  smart  tool  for  any  organization  that  wants  to  disseminate  information  and  communicate  messages  to  a  large  audience  in  a  timely  manner.  in  response  to  market  demand,  intel  and  ingram  micro  have  assembled  a  turnkey  digital  signage  solution  expertly  bundled
__label__interactivedisplays for  nonexperts,  according  to  ingram  micro.  powered  by  intel  technology,  the  ingram  micro  digital  signage  promo  bundle  is  an  affordable,  fully  supported  set  of  products  and  services  that  can  help  resellers  more  efficiently  join  the  digital  signage  market  that  is  expanding  not  only  in  retail,  but  also  into  other  verticals.  the  bundle  includes  the  components  and  services  needed  for  solutions  providers  to  offer  a  topoftheline  digital  signage  package  to  customers,  including  the  expertise.  the  digital  signage  promo  bundle  includes:  photo  credit:  intel  selling  digital  signage  just  a  few  years  ago  was  an  expensive  endeavor.  it  involved  purchasing  pricey,  large  formfactor
__label__interactivedisplays components  and  required  the  solution  provider  to  have  training  and  expertise  in  managing  cloudbased  data  networks  and  complex  content  management  tools.  several  factors  have  changed.  acquisition  costs  and  the  ongoing  operating  expenses  for  content  management  and  content  development  tools  have  dropped.  in  addition,  standardsbased  support  solutions  have  made  it  easier  and  more  costeffective  for  solution  providers  to  implement  and  manage  digital  signs  for  customers.  large  formfactor  solutions  are  no  longer  a  challenge  to  buy  and  mount.  screen  sizes  are  thinner  and  lighter  than  ever,  and  media  players  are  shrinking.  the  intel  next  unit  of  computing  intel  nuc  kit,  for  example,
__label__interactivedisplays measures  less  than  five  inches  square  and  can  snap  into  the  back  of  a  display.  overall  system  costs  and  implementation  expenses  for  digital  signs  have  also  come  down.  the  ingram  micro  digital  signage  promo  bundle  pays  the  solution  provider  a  lease  option  incentive  of  2,000  up  front,  while  the  customer  pays  199  per  month.  and  the  signs  themselves  can  provide  recurring  revenue  streams.  the  intel  software  management  technologies  deliver  ongoing  cloudbased  services  for  digital  signs,  allowing  the  business  to  push  customized  ads  or  other  promotions  directly  to  consumers.  to  find  out  more  about  the  bundle,  download  the  .  in  rio,
__label__interactivedisplays 45  olympic  athletes  are  trying  out  a  different  type  of  olympic  ringan  advanced  prototype  ring  from  visa  that  allows  them  to  make  secure  retail  purchases  with  a  simple  tap.  the  last  thing  on  an  olympic  athletes  mind  is  keeping  up  with  all  the  keys,  id  badges  and  credit  cards  needed  to  cruise  through  the  olympic  village  and  shop  for  memorabilia,  including  those  famous  collectible  pins.  to  help  athletes  have  an  easy  shopping  experience,  visa  created  a  prototype  wearable  payment  ring  that  replaces  credit  and  debit  cards.  testing  the  ring  with  45  select  olympic  athletes  from  around  the  globe,  visa  says
__label__interactivedisplays the  rio  games  will  be  the  proving  ground  for  its  wearable  payment  technology.  if  successful,  the  company  says  it  will  take  the  next  step  and  bring  its  payment  ring  product  to  the  mass  market.  visa  positions  the  ring  as  an  efficient  way  for  athletes  to  keep  their  payment  information  with  them  through  multiple  clothing  changes  and  during  times  between  competitions  or  big  events  they  want  to  attend,  such  as  opening  or  closing  ceremonies.  since  visa  is  the  only  noncash  payment  method  accepted  by  many  vendors  at  the  olympics,  the  ring  and  traditional  visa  cards  will  be  the  golden  ticket  for
__label__interactivedisplays purchasing  items  this  year.  photo  credit:  paymentssource.com  chris  curtin,  visas  chief  brands  and  innovation  marketing  officer,  told  usa  today  that  visa  has  historically  come  to  life  through  one  form  factor,  the  plastic  credit  card.  but  that  doesnt  mean  that  its  the  only  form  factor  through  which  visa  can  come  to  life.  visa  created  and  is  managing  the  entire  payment  system  infrastructure  and  network  throughout  all  venues  in  rio,  including  the  stadium,  press  centers,  pointofsale  pos  machines,  the  olympic  village  and  olympic  superstores.  in  rio,  visa  will  operate  approximately  4,000  nfcenabled  pos  terminals  capable  of  accepting  mobile  and  wearable  payments  across
__label__interactivedisplays key  olympic  venues,  including  the  us  olympic  committees  usa  house  and  copacabana  megastore.  the  visa  payment  ring  prototype  uses  tokenization  technology  similar  to  what  is  used  in  apple  watch.  a  unique  digital  identifier  helps  process  payments,  without  exposing  actual  account  details  on  the  ring  itself.  to  protect  against  unauthorized  use  or  theft,  visa  has  created  a  way  to  safeguard  lost  or  stolen  rings:  the  ring  can  be  deactivated  immediately  via  an  app  on  the  owners  smartphone.  the  visa  ring  contains  a  microchip  made  by  digital  security  company  gemalto  and  has  an  embedded  nfcenabled  antenna.  the  athletes  in  brazil  make  payments
__label__interactivedisplays by  tapping  the  ring  in  close  proximity  to  an  nfccapable  payments  terminal.  current  generation  card  readers  require  you  to  place  your  hand  in  specific  ways  for  the  reader  to  pick  up  the  rings  lowpowered  signal,  but  nimble  athletes  should  have  no  trouble  making  the  somewhat  flexible  movements.  the  visa  ring  prototype  does  not  require  a  battery.  since  the  user  base  is  a  sporty  and  sweaty  crew,  visa  designed  the  ring  to  be  water  resistant  to  a  depth  of  50  meters,  which  may  come  in  handy  for  athletes  such  as  fourtime  olympic  gold  medalist,  swimmer  missy  franklin.  as  an  olympian,  rings
__label__interactivedisplays have  a  special  meaning  to  me,  said  franklin  in  a  statement  to  contactless  intelligence  .  the  visa  ring  is  a  great  innovation  that  athletes  competing  in  rio  will  enjoy.  it  will  be  great  to  go  from  a  competition  to  purchase  without  having  to  carry  a  wallet  or  card.  with  no  cashiers  and  no  waiters,  eatsa  built  a  hightech  restaurant  model  that  provides  a  fullservice  customer  experience  with  digital  signs,  ipads,  a  mobile  app,  and  a  touchscreenactivated  food  pickup  portal.  the  automat  food  dream  of  the  1940s  has  come  to  life  in  california,  and  this  time  it  has  all  the  marvels
__label__interactivedisplays of  efficiency  of  the  original  model  along  with  a  key  ingredient:  technology  innovation.  eatsa,  a  fastcasual  eatery  with  two  locations  in  san  francisco  and  one  in  los  angeles,  is  attempting  to  redefine  the  restaurant  experience,  replacing  human  interaction  with  a  wall  of  automated  ordering  and  serving  technology  that  whips  out  tasty  quinoa  bowls.  serving  customers  for  breakfast  and  lunch,  the  eatsa  restaurants  have  no  cashiers  and  no  waiters.  instead,  customers  order  and  pay  from  the  eatsa  app  on  their  smartphone  or  from  instore  ipads,  where  they  can  make  selections  from  a  set  menu  or  create  personalized,  buildabowl  options.  with  an
__label__interactivedisplays average  starting  price  of  6.95,  the  food  is  prepared  on  an  automated  assembly  line  by  five  or  six  kitchen  staff,  who  work  sight  unseen  behind  the  digital  cubbies  of  the  serving  wall.  the  eatsa  team  took  the  complexity  out  of  the  kitchen  as  well,  with  each  employee  responsible  for  a  singular  task,  paired  with  a  system  that  tells  them  exactly  what  goes  into  each  bowl  and  in  what  order,  increasing  the  speed  of  service.  for  waiting  customers,  an  overhead  digital  screen  lists  upcoming  orders  as  they  are  being  assembled.  photo  credit:  eatsa.com  the  restaurant  claims  that  within  10  minutes  even
__label__interactivedisplays during  peak  lunch  crowds,the  finished  orders  emerge  from  behind  the  wall  and  appear  in  one  of  the  glowing  cubbies  in  the  restaurants  customer  pickup  portal.  the  pickup  portal  features  a  translucent  video  screen  that  presents  the  customers  name,  along  with  a  friendly  message  encouraging  them  to  enjoy  the  meal.  unless  a  glitch  occurs,  neither  cashnor  wordsare  ever  exchanged  with  customers.  the  restaurant  concept  is  owned  by  keenwawa  inc.  and  founded  by  scott  drummond  and  tim  young.  drummond  is  a  marketing  and  branding  expert,  while  young  was  the  founder  of  autonomy,  which  was  purchased  by  hp  in  2010  for  11  billion.
__label__interactivedisplays young,  who  is  also  the  eatsa  ceo,  made  this  statement  about  the  new  dining  model  in  qsr  magazine  ,  the  fundamental  core  of  what  were  trying  to  do  is  bring  that  speed  and  price  point  and  accessibility  within  fast  food  to  fastcasual  quality  and  beyond,  while  minimizing  our  footprint.  in  addition  to  the  inside  automation,  eatsa  took  a  scientific  route  to  menu  creation,  employing  a  team  of  techmanagersand  food  scientists  to  alchemize,  rank  and  design  dishes  according  to  criteria  such  as  saltiness  and  spiciness.  the  finished  product  combines  customization,  automation  and  mobility  and  has  launched  to  largely  positive  results.  peter
__label__interactivedisplays kane  from  sf  weekly  noted  that,  eatsa  is  quite  excellent.  i  feel  like  finally,  tech  is  solving  actual  problems,  and  solving  them  well.  currently,  each  eatsa  restaurant  has  one  attendant  on  hand  to  deal  with  glitches  and  any  customers  who  stroll  in  and  are  not  techsavvy  enough  to  navigate  the  peoplefree  ordering  and  pickup  system.  according  to  an  article  in  tech  exec  ,  the  company  plans  to  replace  a  large  portion  of  the  staff  with  robots  in  the  near  future.  find  out  more  about  the  model  at  and  on  twitter.  if  you  marry  true  fits  clothing  preference  database  with  sensorias
__label__interactivedisplays textileembedded  bodysensing  technology,  clothing  form  and  function  will  change  forever.  when  true  fit  it  got  25  million  in  series  b  funding  for  its  massive  clothing  preference  database,  it  was  interesting,  but  what  would  be  really  exciting  is  if  someone  helped  true  fit  marry  its  database  to  a  database  fed  by  technology  like  that  tracks  how  users  actually  move  and  their  state  of  health.  that  would  have  a  huge  compounding  effect.  true  fit  got  a  on  the  heels  of  announcing  that  it  was  mapping  fit,  style  and  consumer  preference  data  into  the  genome  .  genome  is  a  data  platform  developed  in
__label__interactivedisplays partnership  with  fashion  retailers  and  brands  to  help,  unlock  the  digital  apparel  market,  which  will  soon  be  2  trillion  globally,  according  to  the  press  release.  true  fit  has  correlated  data  on  millions  of  styles  from  10,000  brands  with  the  fit  and  style  preferences  of  more  than  100  million  consumers.  each  piece  of  clothing  and  every  shoe  in  the  genome  is  defined  by  100  to  200  detailed  attributes.  this  field  of  dreams  database,  according  to  true  fit,  allows  shoppers  to  buy  with  confidence  and  inspiration,  and  has  led  to  a  5  percent  overall  lift  to  retailers  net  revenue.  the  user  numbers
__label__interactivedisplays are  likely  what  helped  drive  the  investment  in  true  fit,  led  by  jump  capital,  signal  peak  ventures  and  intel  capital.  the  registered  user  base  is  20  millionplus,  with  1.5  million  being  added  every  month.  true  fit  makes  a  good  point  about  profitable  shoppers,  those  who  buy  more  and  return  less,  thanks  to  the  better  upfront  data  before  purchase.  what  sensoria  brings  to  the  table  is  truly  wearable  technology,  embodied  most  starkly  in  its  smart  socks.  these  comprise  three  elements.  the  first  is  three  textile  sensors  embedded  in  the  sock  base  in  the  plantar  region  to  detect  pressure.  these  are  the
__label__interactivedisplays source  of  data  on  foot  movement.  secondly,  conductive  fibers  relay  the  data  from  the  sensors  to  a  small,  1oz,  flexible  anklet  that  also  contains  a  3axis  accelerometer  to  provide  more  contextual  information.  the  third  element  is  a  bluetooth  wireless  connection  from  the  anklet  to  any  nearby  mobile  or  desktop  device  or  system.  the  sock  was  initially  designed  for  running  shoes  as  so  many  injuries  come  from  poorly  fitting  shoes  that  dont  match  a  runners  gait.  the  socks  cost  25  per  pair  and  the  anklet  costs  139.  the  technology  soon  became  embedded  in  orthotics  to  track  movement  of  the  elderly  to
__label__interactivedisplays provide  a  more  balanced  spring  in  the  orthotic  to  prevent  falls,  which  are  often  catastrophic.  since  developing  smart  socks,  sensoria  has  gone  on  to  develop  heartmonitoring  clothing  and  according  to  dr.  david  armstrong,  head  of  sensorias  relatively  new  scientific  advisory  board,  textile  sensing  infused  smart  garments  have  the  potential  to  be  a  gamechanger  in  managing  and  measuring  how  we  move  through  the  world.  thats  the  fascinating  opportunity.  true  fit  has  collected  millions  of  data  points  on  shoes  and  garments,  while  sensoria  has  enabled  the  acquisition  of  realworld  data  on  user  foot  and  body  movements  so  that  the  perfect  shoe  can
__label__interactivedisplays be  custom  designed  to  fit  form  and  function.  while  sensorias  heart  monitoring  clothes  currently  attach  a  monitor  via  snapon  buttons,  advances  in  sensor  technology  that  we  from  sensors  expo  make  it  clear  that  many  more  sensor  types  can  be  incorporated  into  clothes.  stretchable  sensors  can  detect  heartbeats  and  breathing  rate,  moisture  sensors  can  detect  and  analyze  perspiration,  while  new  chemical  sensors  can  detect  unusual  or  unpleasant  odors.  while  users  may  prefer  to  keep  their  levels  of  perspiration  and  especially  the  specific  content  of  that  perspiration  private,  true  fits  discovery  engine  allows  the  creation  of  highly  personalized  collections  of  clothing  for
__label__interactivedisplays each  user,  which  could  be  augmented  with  knowledge  of  personal  movement  and  body  behavior  attributes.  shoe  and  sneaker  choices  can  easily  be  improved,  and  the  enhanced  database  could  advise  on  materials  to  address  perspiration  or  bodyodor  issues  that  have  been  identified  by  the  users  textile  sensors.  these  scenarios  all  assume  that  users  will  allow  varying  levels  of  personal  data  to  be  uploaded  to  a  servers  database  and  used  by  true  fit  or  sensoria  or  an  iot  solutions  provider  third  party  working  with  the  two  companies  to  improve  their  clothing  choices  and  experience  while  also  tracking  their  health  in  real  time.
__label__interactivedisplays security  is  always  a  concern,  and  rightfully  so,  but  for  many  users,  security  is  a  relative  term.  some  hide  everything,  others  share  freely,  especially  the  new  millennial  generation  that  is  poised  to  take  over  the  world  by  2020.  more  on  this  later.  in  the  meantime,  data  on  both  clothing  style  preferences  and  clothing  usage  in  the  real  world  are  about  to  come  together  to  enhance  the  state  of  the  art  in  clothing  form  and  function.  the  question  is:  whos  going  to  do  it?  true  fit  raises  25  million  in  series  b  funding  from  investors  intel  capital,  jump  capital  and  signal
__label__interactivedisplays peak  ventures.  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  for  retailers  selling  apparel  and  footwear  online  is  helping  customers  find  an  outfit  or  pair  of  shoes  that  is  something  they  will  loveand  keep.  if  the  product  isnt  a  good  fit,  the  sale  will  likely  result  in  a  returned  product,  which  is  costly  for  the  retailer  and  frustrating  for  the  customer.  is  trying  to  alleviate  this  online  shopping  problem  with  its  datadriven  footwear  and  apparel  discovery  software  platform.  based  in  woburn,  ma,  true  fit  now  has  more  funding  to  reach  the  next  milestone,  as  the  company  recently  raised  a  25  million  series  b
__label__interactivedisplays round  from  intel  capital,  signal  peak  ventures  and  jump  capital.  the  new  funding  brings  total  investment  in  true  fit  to  40  million.  the  company  intends  to  use  this  new  funding  to  hire  more  people  to  serve  its  retail  customers,  expand  its  data  science  team  and  accelerate  product  innovation,  according  to  an  article  in  bostinno  .  true  fits  goal  is  simple:  help  online  customers  get  the  right  size  and  fit  for  their  online  purchases.  to  do  that,  it  counts  on  big  data  and  iot.  true  fit  has  aggregated  an  unrivalled  set  of  structured  data  that  already  is  delivering  real  value  to
__label__interactivedisplays retailers,  said  joe  jensen,  vice  president  and  general  manager,  iotg  retail  solutions  division  at  intel  corporation  in  a  businesswire  article.  its  vision  for  delivering  responsive  retail  and  immersive  experiences  ubiquitously  across  millions  of  devices  via  iot  matches  intels  focus  on  these  important  and  emerging  categories.  true  fit  has  organized  the  largest  platform  of  apparel  and  footwear  data  through  partnerships  with  thousands  of  top  brands,  global  retailers  and  millions  of  consumers.  true  fit  appears  on  the  websites  of  many  major  online  retailers,  including  nordstrom  and  kenneth  cole  and  ties  into  thousands  of  brands.  its  data  is  mapped  into  its  genome  platform,
__label__interactivedisplays which  powers  its  confidence  engine.  true  fit  states  that  this  solution  allows  retailers  to  provide  highly  personalized  fit  ratings  and  size  recommendations  to  shoppers,  which  can  result  in  increased  revenue.  true  fit  genome  also  supports  a  discovery  engine,  aimed  to  help  retailers  curate  highly  personalized  collections  to  each  consumer.  and  the  true  insights  solution  provides  retailers  and  brands  key  data  that  can  help  them  optimize  marketing,  merchandising  and  product  development.  photo  credit:  truefit.com  bill  adler,  true  fit  ceo  says  retailers  typically  see  a  compounding  5  percent  increase  in  annual  revenue  by  using  the  genome  platform,  which  the  retailer  pays  a
__label__interactivedisplays monthly  subscription  for.  he  notes  that  a  retailer  earning  100  million  in  annual  revenue  would  see  an  additional  5  million  the  first  year  when  using  true  fit  big  data.  the  footwear  and  apparel  market  is  becoming  a  2  trillion  market,  its  massive.  its  much  bigger  than  music  and  books,  and  those  categories  have  successfully  transformed  to  digital,  adler  adds.  and  true  fit  is  already  making  respectable  progress  toward  the  move  to  digital.  according  to  businesswire,  retailer  demand  for  true  fits  saas  solution  continues  to  rise  sharply  as  bookings  and  enterprise  retail  partnerships  tripled  again  yearonyear.  true  fits  registered  user  base
__label__interactivedisplays also  continues  to  grow,  already  exceeding  20  million  and  adding  1.5  million  new  users  each  month  from  its  expanded  presence  on  300  million  monthly  page  views  across  its  network.  true  fits  productive  community  of  profitable  shoppers,  who  buy  more  and  return  less,  will  surpass  30  million  by  the  end  of  the  year.  retailers  are  turning  to  service  providers  to  build  and  implement  the  components,  network  and  interactive  applications  of  digital  signage.  if  you  have  customers  in  hospitality,  restaurants,  education  or  retail  verticals,  then  digital  signage  solutions  may  be  the  unique,  ,  according  to  ingram  micro.  the  expectation  now  is  that
__label__interactivedisplays all  major  retailers  will  have  digital  signs,  explains  eric  kenyon,  senior  sales  executive,  pro  av/digital  signage  at  ingram  micro.  they  are  more  than  just  an  eyecatching  tool.  retail  marketing  executives  are  counting  on  analytics  gathered  from  digital  signs  to  improve  their  business,  so  data  transfer  is  critical.  the  desire  for  consumer  data  means  the  digital  signage  market  is  lighting  up  fast  for  solution  providers.  pq  media  estimates  that  digital  signage  is  ascending  to  the  .  according  to  ingram  micro,  the  crosssale,  installation  and  it  services  opportunities  for  solution  providers  and  system  integrators  specializing  in  digital  signage  solutions  is  an  opportunity
__label__interactivedisplays with  a  .  iot  and  digital  signs  are  becoming  grander  and  more  ambitious  in  retail,  notes  naren  kumar,  segment  marketing  manager,  iotg,  at  intel.  he  cites  digital  screens,  smart  coolers,  interactive  video  walls  and  intelligent  whiteboards  with  data  analytics  as  examples  of  sophisticated  digital  signage  solutions  already  in  use.  kumar  notes  that  service  providers  with  digital  signage  expertise  are  needed  to  help  retailers  make  the  right  strategy  and  technology  decisions.  and  while  retailers  have  led  the  way  in  digital  signage  rollouts  to  date,  other  industries  are  not  far  behind.  the  digital  sign  revolution  is  also  happening  in  transportation  centerssubway  stations
__label__interactivedisplays and  airportskeeping  passengers  on  schedule  and  also  displaying  revenueproducing  advertising.  the  hospitality  market,  including  hotels  and  conference  centers,  is  also  a  fastgrowing  segment.  kumar  says  that  an  area  with  great  potential  for  revenue  in  digital  signage  is  the  selfserve  kiosk  segment,  which  is  predicted  to  grow  to  70  billion  by  2020,  according  to  estimates  from  .  photo  credit:  intel,  iotg  since  most  digital  sign  solutions  are  typically  multivendor  configurations,  solution  providers  often  need  reference  kits  or  other  help  to  get  their  customers  started.  while  configurations  vary  widely,  the  key  elements  of  digital  signage  include:  hardware  displays  typically  largescreen  dynamic  or
__label__interactivedisplays interactive/touch;  a  content  management  system  cloudbased  or  onpremises  and  infrastructure  components,  including  wireless  and  network  connectivity,  datagathering  tools  and  audio.  ingram  micro  offers  these  for  service  providers  ready  to  dive  into  the  digital  signage  market:  begin  by  identifying  which  of  your  customers  would  benefit  from  digital  signage.  find  out  what  kind  of  solution  they  are  considering  for  their  environment,  then  identify  the  right  vendor  partners  for  each  component.  once  you  build  your  digital  signage  client  list,  you  should  showcase  your  efforts  with  case  studies,  which  can  help  new  customers  who  are  still  in  the  decision  phase  and  want  to  see
__label__interactivedisplays how  digital  signage  solutions  have  helped  others,  even  their  competitors.  ingram  micro  also  suggests  developing  compelling  service  bundles  to  manage  the  digital  technology  and  analytics.  a  digital  sign  is  more  than  just  putting  up  displays  and  wall  mounts  at  your  customer  site.  it  includes  site  surveys,  presales  tech  support,  financial  services,  integration,  content  management  software  cms,  content  creation  and  ongoing  customization  and  project  management.  once  you  have  created  a  digital  signage  solution  that  is  customized  for  a  particular  vertical  market,  you  may  find  you  can  replicate  that  configuration  with  other  customers  in  similar  markets  and  create  a  steady  annuity  revenue
__label__interactivedisplays stream.  think  of  digital  signage  as  part  of  a  greater  managed  solution  you  provide  for  your  customers.  the  bottom  line,  according  to  iot  experts  from  intel  and  ingram  micro,  is  that  digital  signage  is  a  healthy,  growing  market  for  solution  providers  with  a  low  cost  of  entry  and  high,  doubledigit  margins.  not  many  technology  categories  offer  that  value  proposition.  to  learn  more  about  the  digital  signage  reference  kit  available  from  intel,  listen  to  the  30minute  with  the  intel  iot  team  or  view  the  .  companies  that  can  provide  innovative  ways  to  secure  iot  devices  are  getting  the  golden  ticket  from
__label__interactivedisplays investors.  solution  providers  should  respond  by  moving  cybersecurity  up  the  priority  list.  as  iot  devices  hit  the  market  in  record  numbers  this  year,  investors  are  starting  to  pour  funding  into  companies  that  can  develop  cyberphysical  security  solutions.  according  to  a  new  report  from  venture  capital  investment  in  cyberphysical  security  startups  rose  78  percent  to  228  million  in  2015.  this  year,  investment  funding  will  rise  to  400  million  as  rapid  adoption  of  iot  raises  the  threat  to  products  such  as  connected  cars,  smart  homes  and  future  factories.  connected  consumer  and  business  products  have  begun  flooding  the  market,  but  security  has  been
__label__interactivedisplays an  afterthought.  the  world  now  has  to  figure  out  how  to  secure  the  multitude  of  things  that  have  recently  become  connected,  said  mark  bnger,  lux  research  vice  president  in  a  recent  statement.  bnger  is  the  lead  author  of  the  report,  cybersecurity  venture  investment  in  pervasive  computing  and  in  the  iot.  unlike  the  hacking  of  credit  card  numbers  and  hollywood  feature  films,  these  attacks  have  more  dangerous  consequences  and  threaten  the  integrity  of  critical  infrastructure,  he  added.  he  is  not  alone  is  worrying  about  the  risks  associated  with  the  thousands  of  iot  devices  already  in  use  in  critical  industries  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays transportation,  smart  factories  and  the  healthcare  industry.  this  week,  a  hacker  was  able  to  modify  several  texas  department  of  transportation  digital  signs  in  the  dallas  area,  changing  the  message  from  traffic  alerts  to  go  back  home  and  political  content.  photo  credit:  fox4news.com  the  escalating  investments  in  security  for  iot  make  sense,  especially  when  you  take  a  look  at  the  numbers  from  vulnerability  testing  of  iot  solutions  at  work  today.  a  found  that  70  percent  of  the  most  commonly  used  iot  devices  are  vulnerable  to  attack.  for  the  solutions  provider  aiming  to  secure  devices  and  networks  in  the  iot  ecosystem,  the
__label__interactivedisplays takeaway  is  clear:  providing  iot  security  is  multidimensional  and  requires  specialized  knowledge  and  expertise.  using  the  results  from  iot  device  testing,  the  hp  report  outlined  these  five  key  areas  where  iot  security  was  lacking  and  the  related  device  vulnerabilities:  securing  the  devices  will  take  multiple  steps  from  not  only  the  manufacturers,  but  from  solutions  providers  and  businesses  implementing  the  tools.  hp  recommends  conducting  security  reviews  of  devices  and  all  components,  including  automated  scanning,  review  of  the  network  traffic,  and  frequent  monitoring  of  the  interactions  of  the  devices  with  their  cloud  and  mobile  app  counterparts.  a  good  starting  point  to  identify
__label__interactivedisplays vulnerabilities  is  the  which  provides  security  guidance,  testing  guides  and  an  iot  framework  assessment.  amazons  echo,  dash  replenishment  system  and  rumored  retail  are  among  a  number  of  moves  that  demonstrates  how  business  modelsandprofitsblur  in  an  iot  world.  spoken  word  may  be  a  popular  art  form,  but  it  also  becoming  popular  in  tech  circles  as  well,  thanks  to  amazons  echo,  a  device  that  allows  users  to  ask  the  alexa  search  engine  questions.  what  marketers  do  not  have  to  ask  is  about  amazons  growing  dominance.  amazon  is  a  strong  example  of  how  infusing  an  internetofthings  iot  strategy  raises  the  profitability  of  business
__label__interactivedisplays models,  as  well  as  blurs  where  fierce  competition  occurs.  amazon  has  worked  overtime  to  create  services  that  incorporate  amazon  web  services  aws  at  its  core.  among  amazons  most  notable  foray  is  amazon  dash,  a  replenishment  service.  using  buttons  with  logos  of  everyday  products,  customers  can  instantly  order  replacements  for  preferred  household  items  such  as  soap,  detergent,  coffee,  snacks  and  cosmetics.  other  amazon  activities  focus  on  growing  the  aws  developer  community  so  that  developers  can  create  complimentary  services  and  leverage  partnerships.  at  the  aws  summit  held  earlier  this  year,  executives  showcased  how  amazon  services  aid  in  connecting  and  managing  devices,  such
__label__interactivedisplays as  aws  lambda  and  api  gateway,  and  they  described  the  new  offerings  s3  transfer  accelerations  and  the  snowball  data  transfer  units  with  larger  storage  capacity.  at  oreilly  oscon,  a  popular  developer  convention  held  in  austin,  tx,  capital  one  explained  how  it  had  created  their  own  open  source  solution  for  managing  developer  projects  using  amazon  aws  as  a  foundation.  the  solution  aids  the  financial  giants  costcutting  plans  to  reduce  its  data  center  footprint  by  2018.  when  you  think  about  it,  you  realize  how  much  of  amazons  efforts  in  iot  evolved  from  strengthening  its  delivery  processes.  amazon  has  always  been  known  for
__label__interactivedisplays its  large  warehousing  facilities,  first  for  books  and  product  shipments,  then  later  in  databases  resources.  the  rise  of  programmatic  protocols  has  created  more  opportunities  for  amazon  to  advance  complimentary  services.  once  known  among  major  advertising  providers,  programmatic  has  incorporated  more  physical  aspects  of  iot  digital  technologynamely  any  device  that  can  provide  data  and  share  that  data  on  a  network.  programmatic  strategies  allow  amazon  to  scale  its  services  with  a  more  physical  presence  and  transform  into  a  serious  rival  to  offline  retailers  as  well  as  online  retailers.  think  of  it  as  if  amazon  prime  advances  customer  experience  to  distinguish  amazon  from
__label__interactivedisplays online  retailers,  amazon  dash  allows  it  to  do  the  same  against  walmart  and  target.  earlier  this  year  the  media  debated  rumors  of  amazon  opening  a  brick  amazona  physical  bookstore.  that  rumor  is  ironic  given  amazons  history  of  challenging  traditional  bookstores  in  its  early  days.  stores  would  position  amazon  to  sell  its  iot  devices,  complementing  its  march  to  command  consumer  mindshare.  the  timing  to  scale  iot  services  comes  at  an  opportune  moment  for  amazon  to  keep  its  luster  among  investors.  amazon  has  been  competing  on  price  against  other  cloud  service  providers  such  as  google  and  microsoft,  but  price  wars  can  dampen
__label__interactivedisplays profits.  noted  that  amazons  growth  attributed  to  cloud  services  slowed,  despite  aws  having  contributed  2.5  billion  in  quarterly  revenue  to  amazon  in  q1  2016.  on  the  other  hand,  amazons  leadership  position  has  been  widely  heralded.  ,  host  of  cnbcs  mad  money,  has  claimed  the  amazon  is  the  web,  noting  that  it  competes  well  against  troubled  retailers  like  macys  and  kohls  while  attracting  others  to  use  its  cloud  services.  the  best  lesson  businesses  can  pick  up  from  amazon  is  raising  their  digital  assets  associated  to  their  operations  as  a  priority  for  building  a  cohesive  strategy.  the  current  iot  era  is  impacting
__label__interactivedisplays operations  as  well  as  consumerfacing  media  to  such  a  degree  that  all  stages  of  a  business  operations  are  being  reimagined.  that  may  make  managers  feel  that  their  model  is  vulnerable,  but  savvy  managers  know  it  also  means  an  opportunity  for  innovation.  and  innovation  can  lead  to  the  best  word  spoken  by  any  manager:  revenue.  while  retailers  are  ready  to  launch  digital  signage,  finding  the  right  technology  solution  can  be  a  challenge.  smart  solution  providers  should  start  getting  ready  now  for  the  rise  of  smart  signs.  digital  signage  has  evolved  from  being  more  than  just  a  gimmicky  tool  to  retailers  to
__label__interactivedisplays a  musthave  piece  of  the  marketing  program.  the  expectation  is  that  all  major  retailers  will  have  digital  signs  as  a  way  to  give  data  back  to  their  customers,  explains  eric  kenyon,  senior  sales  executive,  pro  av/digital  signage,  ingram  micro.  digital  signs  make  a  retail  space  more  impactful,  and  they  are  a  necessity  for  brand  awareness.  with  a  dizzying  array  of  jumbo  display  types  and  technology  options,  many  businesses  are  unsure  where  to  begin,  so  they  are  turning  to  channel  providers  to  configure  the  right  solution.  and  the  opportunity  in  this  market  is  significantand  rising  fast.  a  forecast  by  markets  and
__label__interactivedisplays markets  research  predicts  the  total  digital  signage  market  will  be  worth  .  the  report  also  notes  that  digital  signage  will  experience  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  8.18  percent  between  2015  and  2020.  use  of  digital  signage  helps  prevent  paper  waste  at  businesses,  and  the  incorporation  of  led  backlit  panels  in  display  screens  can  result  in  considerable  energy  savings,  which  aids  market  growth  for  the  category.  this  rapidly  growing  communications  medium  offers  a  wide  range  of  innovative  ways  for  companies  to  engage  with  customers,  enhance  brand  awareness,  showcase  new  inventory  or  closeouts  and  increase  sales  and  profit  margins  and  efficiencies.
__label__interactivedisplays ingram  micro  notes  that  digital  signage  is  becoming  so  popular  that  it  is  now  often  referred  to  as  the  fifth  screen  after  film,  tv,  pc  and  the  mobile  device.  to  date,  retailers  have  led  the  way  in  digital  signage  rollouts,  placing  display  screens  in  strategic  places  to  enhance  the  instore  shopping  experience  for  customers.  many  organizations  using  digital  signs  can  accept  thirdparty  advertising  on  them,  creating  an  additional  revenue  stream.  baked  goods  and  coffee  provider  who  serves  more  than  3  million  customers  around  the  globe  every  day,  has  shifted  to  digital  menus  in  many  of  its  franchise  locations,  using  ncr
__label__interactivedisplays vitalcast  and  intel  technologies  to  promote  its  coffee,  breakfast  items  and  donuts  in  mouthwatering  hidef.  it  uses  the  digital  signs  to  display  the  daily  menu  items  as  well  as  limitedtime  or  special  offers  in  particular  locations.  traditional  menu  boards  require  a  lot  of  time  and  resources  to  manage,  explains  jason  stuehmer,  it  product  manager  at  dunkin  donuts.  with  digital  signs,  the  goals  for  us  were  to  provide  compelling  media  reliably  and  without  all  the  clutter  of  physical  signs.  photo  credit:  intevi  with  the  new  digital  menu  technology  in  place  at  2,000  locations,  dunkin  donuts  can  deliver  new  marketing  and  menu
__label__interactivedisplays content  quickly  and  easily.  it  can  cater  to  the  unique  requirements  of  each  location  and  also  ensure  consistent  signage  from  one  restaurant  to  the  next,  which  improves  the  customer  experience.  digital  signs  are  not  just  hot  at  restaurants.  the  digital  display  revolution  is  also  happening  in  transportation  centerssubway  stations,  airportskeeping  passengers  on  schedule  and  also  broadcasting  revenueproducing  advertising.  digital  displays  are  also  popping  up  on  college  campuses,  at  gas  pumps,  on  vending  machines,  on  outdoor  billboards,  inside  elevators  and  in  hotels  and  resorts,  providing  guests  with  service  and  activities  information.  the  analytics  data  that  comes  from  digital  signage  is  driving
__label__interactivedisplays the  rapid  adoption.  the  emergence  of  iot  and  increased  adoption  of  cloud  computing  technology  enables  collection  of  vital  operational  data.  kenyan  from  ingram  micro  notes  that  using  digital  signage  to  gather  predictive  analytics  is  becoming  the  number  one  topic  of  conversation  among  marketers  and  solution  providers  who  are  working  on  installations  for  their  customers.  businesses  are  counting  on  digital  signs  and  interactive  displays  to  gather  all  types  of  actionable  data,  such  as  the  amount  of  foot  traffic  in  certain  areas  of  a  store  at  a  specific  time  of  day  to  a  shoppers  interest  in  new  product  launches.  for  solution  providers
__label__interactivedisplays who  are  launching  new  digital  signage  initiatives,  the  focus  should  be  on  return  on  objective  vs.  return  on  investment  for  the  customer,  according  to  ingram  micro.  with  so  many  unique  options  available  for  digital  signage,  choosing  the  right  solution  can  be  difficult.  before  we  ever  discuss  the  technology  choices  with  a  customer,  we  identify  the  main  objectives  for  adding  the  signage,  says  kenyon.  while  configurations  vary  widely,  ingram  micro  advises  channel  providers  building  solutions  to  keep  up  with  the  latest  advancements  in  several  key  areas,  including  hardware,  software,  connectivity,  content/advertising,  operation,  design  andmost  importantlythe  business  goals  and  objectives.  the  solution
__label__interactivedisplays provider  has  to  understand  what  the  customer  ultimately  wants  from  the  digital  signage  solution  and  applications.  you  have  to  understand  their  real  objectives  with  the  signs  and  analytics  and  how  they  will  judge  success,  kenyon  adds.  businesses  of  all  sizes  from  every  industry  are  looking  to  solution  providers  to  shepherd,  secure  and  maintain  the  integration  of  their  iot  solutions.  the  iot  solution  provider  site  provides  the  market  research,  hot  trends  in  vertical  markets,  policy  updates,  news  and  business  transformation  models  that  solution  providers  need  to  stay  in  the  know  in  this  burgeoning  field.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  is  becoming  increasingly  prominent  in  our  daily  lives.according  to  statista,  ,  highlighting  the  level  of  investment  in  thetechnology  by  both  consumers  and  businesses.  the  ability  to  connecteveryday  objects,  as  well  as  our  electronic  devices,  to  theinternet  is  transforming  how  we  interact  with  the  world  around  us.when  we  look  at  how  iot  will  change  retail  experiences,  it  is  clearthat  it  is  just  one  of  several  industries  that  will  benefit.  technology  is  driving  a  change  in  how  we  conduct  business.  themodels  and  systems  that  we  have  relied  upon  in  the  past  arebecoming  defunct  as  businesses  go  through  processes  ofdigitalisation.  in  our
__label__interactivedisplays report  we  explore  the  five  primary  forces  that  arecausing  companies  to  reevaluate  how  they  operate  to  ensure  thatthey  benefit  from  the  opportunities  that  new  innovations  can  offer,rather  than  falling  foul  of  potential  risks.  there  are  several  sectors  where  iot  has  the  potential  to  make  asignificant  impact  and  be  a  force  of  true  disruption.  through  theuse  of  connected  sensors,  industries  such  as  manufacturing,healthcare  and  natural  resources  will  be  able  to  gain  access  tovaluable  data  that  could  drive  efficiencies,  improve  service  andhelp  manage  equipment.  in  the  retail  industry,  we  are  likely  to  see  iot  transform  theshopping  experience  for  customers  as  well  as
__label__interactivedisplays provide  actionabledata  for  business  owners  and  their  internal  processes.  in  thecurrent  climate,  bricks  and  mortar  stores  are  struggling  to  competewith  the  online  market,  however  the  possibilities  that  iot  couldoffer  have  the  ability  to  reset  the  balance  between  the  high  streetand  ecommerce.  here  we  set  out  just  five  of  the  ways  how  iot  will  change  retailin  the  future..  iot  sensors  with  radio  frequency  id  rfid  can  be  added  or  builtinto  retail  shelving  to  give  stock  controllers  a  better  view  of  thecurrent  state  of  play.  employees  will  be  able  to  spend  less  timekeeping  track  of  what  is  in  and  out  of  stock
__label__interactivedisplays or  what  has  beenreturned  to  the  wrong  shelf.  the  rfid  sensors  will  allow  for  stock  data  to  be  collected  inrealtime  and  automate  tasks.  data  could  then  be  analysed  tounderstand  buying  patterns  and  optimise  restocking  processes  toensure  that  they  are  costeffective.  businesses  would  also  be  ableto  understand  where  customers  tend  to  dwell  instore  and  alterfloor  layouts  to  ensure  the  most  sought  after  products  were  theeasiest  to  find.  we  are  already  beginning  to  see  elements  of  iot  in  the  retailexperience  when  we  checkout.  paying  for  goods  with  our  smartphoneshas  become  second  nature  and  we  can  often  find  ourselves  notpurchasing  items  when  mobile
__label__interactivedisplays payment  is  unavailable  instorebecause  we  have  become  less  likely  to  carry  cash  and  debit  orcredit  cards.  according  to  worldpay,  .  as  the  adoption  of  iot  in  business  increases,  we  are  likely  tosee  checkout  systems  change.  products  will  be  scanned  as  customersleave  store  and  payment  will  be  automatically  taken  by  mobilepayment  through  the  use  of  sensors.  automating  the  checkout  processin  retail  would  lead  to  significant  cost  savings  with  staffing  aswell  as  encouraging  sales  with  the  reduction  of  waittimesreflecting  the  instantaneous  experience  you  receive  when  buyingonline.  in  a  previous  blog,  we  discussed  .  similarly,  in  retail  digital  signageand  bluetooth  beacons  can  be
__label__interactivedisplays used  to  provide  a  personalisedshopping  experience.  when  a  customer  enters  a  store,  their  previous  history  ofinteractions  and  purchases  can  be  analysed  to  provide  specificdiscounts  and  messaging.  the  customer  may  have  been  browsing  onlinebefore  entering  store  and  the  technology  would  register  that  theywere  looking  at  a  specific  product  category  but  no  purchase  wasmade.  once  the  beacon  instore  connects  with  the  customersmobile  device  it  would  then  be  able  to  provide  instore  loyaltydiscounts  for  that  specific  item  and  direct  them  to  the  product  toencourage  the  sale.  any  digital  signage  would  also  be  able  toadvertise  the  specific  products  that  the  customer  may  have  beenbrowsing
__label__interactivedisplays for  online.  while  most  retail  companies  are  able  to  track  the  journey  thattheir  products  have  taken,  any  other  information  from  the  supplychain  is  often  limited.  using  iot,  retail  companies  would  be  ableto  gain  insights  such  as  the  temperature  an  item  is  being  stored  atand  the  length  of  time  in  transit.  retail  businesses  would  also  be  able  to  use  iot  to  optimise  thetransportation  of  their  products  by  being  able  to  identify  the  bestroutes  for  shipment  to  take  and  build  in  realtime  alerts  to  ensureunexpected  weather  and  traffic  do  not  impact  customerexperience.  ecommerce  websites  have  become  prominent  players  in  the  retailmarket.  businesses
__label__interactivedisplays that  choose  to  offer  their  products  online  areable  to  achieve  a  global  reach  while  cutting  real  estate  costs  andproviding  a  convenient  experience  to  their  customers.  theincorporation  of  iot  in  bricks  and  mortar  stores  could  help  thestruggling  high  street  to  compete  with  online  entities  and  theirmarket  share.  by  implementing  iot,  businesses  would  not  only  be  able  toprovide  a  new  experience  to  their  customers  but  also  gain  data  thatcan  give  them  the  insight  needed  to  cut  costs  and  driveefficiencies  to  build  effective  and  valuable  processes.  businesses  that  are  yet  to  implement  new  technologies  like  iotneed  to  be  considering  the  impact  that  ignoring
__label__interactivedisplays innovations  couldhave  on  their  operations  and  success  in  the  future.  digitaldisruption  is  not  something  that  we  can  stop  from  emerging  in  ourindustries.  businesses  need  to  be  thinking  about  both  theopportunities  and  risks  that  technology  presents  to  them  and  theaction  they  need  to  take  to  ensure  their  futures.  if  they  do  notact  they  could  risk  being  left  behind  as  their  competitors  and  newentrants  to  the  market  capitalise  on  what  digitalisation  canoffer.  for  example,  in  the  retail  industry,  companies  that  implementiot  are  offering  new  experiences  to  their  customers  with  thepotential  to  overcome  the  current  issue  of  the  high  street  versusonline.  those  that
__label__interactivedisplays do  not  take  the  steps  to  enhance  their  customerexperiences  and  move  with  the  times  are  likely  to  struggle  in  thecurrent  climate.  in  our  report  we  will  consider  how  ready  businesses  areto  tackle  digital  disruption  across  the  globe  and  explore  thechanges  we  are  likely  to  see  over  the  coming  years.  the  content  of  this  article  is  intended  to  provide  a  generalguide  to  the  subject  matter.  specialist  advice  should  be  soughtabout  your  specific  circumstances.  to  print  this  article,  all  you  need  is  to  be  registered  on  mondaq.com.  click  to  as  an  existing  user  or  so  you  can  print  this  article.  media,  telecoms,
__label__interactivedisplays it,  entertainment  uk  in  association  with  mondaq  ltd  requires  you  to  register  and  provide  information  that  personally  identifies  you,  including  your  content  preferences,  for  three  primary  purposes  full  details  of  mondaqs  use  of  your  personal  data  can  be  found  in  our  privacy  and  cookies  notice:  mondaq  hopes  that  our  registered  users  will  support  us  in  maintaining  our  free  to  view  business  model  by  consenting  to  our  use  of  your  personal  data  as  described  below.  mondaq  has  a  free  to  view  business  model.  our  services  are  paid  for  by  contributors  in  exchange  for  mondaq  providing  them  with  access  to  information  about
__label__interactivedisplays who  accesses  their  content.  once  personal  data  is  transferred  to  our  contributors  they  become  a  data  controller  of  this  personal  data.  they  use  it  to  measure  the  response  that  their  articles  are  receiving,  as  a  form  of  market  research.  they  may  also  use  it  to  provide  mondaq  users  with  information  about  their  products  and  services.  details  of  each  contributor  to  which  your  personal  data  will  be  transferred  is  clearly  stated  within  the  content  that  you  access.  for  full  details  of  how  this  contributor  will  use  your  personal  data,  you  should  review  the  contributors  own  privacy  notice.  please  indicate  your  preference
__label__interactivedisplays below:  also  please  let  us  know  whether  you  are  happy  to  receive  communications  promoting  products  and  services  offered  by  mondaq:  mondaq.com  the  website  is  owned  and  managed  by  mondaq  ltd  mondaq.  mondaq  grants  you  a  nonexclusive,  revocable  licence  to  access  the  website  and  associated  services,  such  as  the  mondaq  news  alerts  services,  subject  to  and  in  consideration  of  your  compliance  with  the  following  terms  and  conditions  of  use  terms.  your  use  of  the  website  and/or  services  constitutes  your  agreement  to  the  terms.  mondaq  may  terminate  your  use  of  the  website  and  services  if  you  are  in  breach  of  these  terms
__label__interactivedisplays or  if  mondaq  decides  to  terminate  the  licence  granted  hereunder  for  any  reason  whatsoever.  to  use  mondaq.com  you  must  be:  eighteen  18  years  old  or  over;  legally  capable  of  entering  into  binding  contracts;  and  not  in  any  way  prohibited  by  the  applicable  law  to  enter  into  these  terms  in  the  jurisdiction  which  you  are  currently  located.  you  may  use  the  website  as  an  unregistered  user,  however,  you  are  required  to  register  as  a  user  if  you  wish  to  read  the  full  text  of  the  content  or  to  receive  the  services.  you  may  not  modify,  publish,  transmit,  transfer  or  sell,  reproduce,
__label__interactivedisplays create  derivative  works  from,  distribute,  perform,  link,  display,  or  in  any  way  exploit  any  of  the  content,  in  whole  or  in  part,  except  as  expressly  permitted  in  these  terms  or  with  the  prior  written  consent  of  mondaq.  you  may  not  use  electronic  or  other  means  to  extract  details  or  information  from  the  content.  nor  shall  you  extract  information  about  users  or  contributors  in  order  to  offer  them  any  services  or  products.  in  your  use  of  the  website  and/or  services  you  shall:  comply  with  all  applicable  laws,  regulations,  directives  and  legislations  which  apply  to  your  use  of  the  website  and/or  services
__label__interactivedisplays in  whatever  country  you  are  physically  located  including  without  limitation  any  and  all  consumer  law,  export  control  laws  and  regulations;  provide  to  us  true,  correct  and  accurate  information  and  promptly  inform  us  in  the  event  that  any  information  that  you  have  provided  to  us  changes  or  becomes  inaccurate;  notify  mondaq  immediately  of  any  circumstances  where  you  have  reason  to  believe  that  any  intellectual  property  rights  or  any  other  rights  of  any  third  party  may  have  been  infringed;  cooperate  with  reasonable  security  or  other  checks  or  requests  for  information  made  by  mondaq  from  time  to  time;  and  at  all  times  be
__label__interactivedisplays fully  liable  for  the  breach  of  any  of  these  terms  by  a  third  party  using  your  login  details  to  access  the  website  and/or  services  however,  you  shall  not:  do  anything  likely  to  impair,  interfere  with  or  damage  or  cause  harm  or  distress  to  any  persons,  or  the  network;  do  anything  that  will  infringe  any  intellectual  property  rights  or  other  rights  of  mondaq  or  any  third  party;  or  use  the  website,  services  and/or  content  otherwise  than  in  accordance  with  these  terms;  use  any  trade  marks  or  service  marks  of  mondaq  or  the  contributors,  or  do  anything  which  may  be  seen  to
__label__interactivedisplays take  unfair  advantage  of  the  reputation  and  goodwill  of  mondaq  or  the  contributors,  or  the  website,  services  and/or  content.  mondaq  reserves  the  right,  in  its  sole  discretion,  to  take  any  action  that  it  deems  necessary  and  appropriate  in  the  event  it  considers  that  there  is  a  breach  or  threatened  breach  of  the  terms.  unless  otherwise  expressly  set  out  to  the  contrary,  nothing  in  these  terms  shall  serve  to  transfer  from  mondaq  to  you,  any  intellectual  property  rights  owned  by  and/or  licensed  to  mondaq  and  all  rights,  title  and  interest  in  and  to  such  intellectual  property  rights  will  remain  exclusively  with
__label__interactivedisplays mondaq  and/or  its  licensors.  mondaq  shall  use  its  reasonable  endeavours  to  make  the  website  and  services  available  to  you  at  all  times,  but  we  cannot  guarantee  an  uninterrupted  and  fault  free  service.  mondaq  reserves  the  right  to  make  changes  to  the  services  and/or  the  website  or  part  thereof,  from  time  to  time,  and  we  may  add,  remove,  modify  and/or  vary  any  elements  of  features  and  functionalities  of  the  website  or  the  services.  mondaq  also  reserves  the  right  from  time  to  time  to  monitor  your  use  of  the  website  and/or  services.  the  content  is  general  information  only.  it  is  not  intended
__label__interactivedisplays to  constitute  legal  advice  or  seek  to  be  the  complete  and  comprehensive  statement  of  the  law,  nor  is  it  intended  to  address  your  specific  requirements  or  provide  advice  on  which  reliance  should  be  placed.  mondaq  and/or  its  contributors  and  other  suppliers  make  no  representations  about  the  suitability  of  the  information  contained  in  the  content  for  any  purpose.  all  content  provided  as  is  without  warranty  of  any  kind.  mondaq  and/or  its  contributors  and  other  suppliers  hereby  exclude  and  disclaim  all  representations,  warranties  or  guarantees  with  regard  to  the  content,  including  all  implied  warranties  and  conditions  of  merchantability,  fitness  for  a  particular
__label__interactivedisplays purpose,  title  and  noninfringement.  to  the  maximum  extent  permitted  by  law,  mondaq  expressly  excludes  all  representations,  warranties,  obligations,  and  liabilities  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  with  all  content.  in  no  event  shall  mondaq  and/or  its  respective  suppliers  be  liable  for  any  special,  indirect  or  consequential  damages  or  any  damages  whatsoever  resulting  from  loss  of  use,  data  or  profits,  whether  in  an  action  of  contract,  negligence  or  other  tortious  action,  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  with  the  use  of  the  content  or  performance  of  mondaqs  services.  mondaq  may  alter  or  amend  these  terms  by  amending  them  on  the  website.
__label__interactivedisplays by  continuing  to  use  the  services  and/or  the  website  after  such  amendment,  you  will  be  deemed  to  have  accepted  any  amendment  to  these  terms.  these  terms  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  in  accordance  with  the  laws  of  england  and  wales  and  you  irrevocably  submit  to  the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of  the  courts  of  england  and  wales  to  settle  any  dispute  which  may  arise  out  of  or  in  connection  with  these  terms.  if  you  live  outside  the  united  kingdom,  english  law  shall  apply  only  to  the  extent  that  english  law  shall  not  deprive  you  of  any  legal  protection  accorded  in  accordance
__label__interactivedisplays with  the  law  of  the  place  where  you  are  habitually  resident  local  law.  in  the  event  english  law  deprives  you  of  any  legal  protection  which  is  accorded  to  you  under  local  law,  then  these  terms  shall  be  governed  by  local  law  and  any  dispute  or  claim  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  with  these  terms  shall  be  subject  to  the  nonexclusive  jurisdiction  of  the  courts  where  you  are  habitually  resident.  you  may  print  and  keep  a  copy  of  these  terms,  which  form  the  entire  agreement  between  you  and  mondaq  and  supersede  any  other  communications  or  advertising  in  respect  of  the
__label__interactivedisplays service  and/or  the  website.  no  delay  in  exercising  or  nonexercise  by  you  and/or  mondaq  of  any  of  its  rights  under  or  in  connection  with  these  terms  shall  operate  as  a  waiver  or  release  of  each  of  your  or  mondaqs  right.  rather,  any  such  waiver  or  release  must  be  specifically  granted  in  writing  signed  by  the  party  granting  it.  if  any  part  of  these  terms  is  held  unenforceable,  that  part  shall  be  enforced  to  the  maximum  extent  permissible  so  as  to  give  effect  to  the  intent  of  the  parties,  and  the  terms  shall  continue  in  full  force  and  effect.  mondaq  shall
__label__interactivedisplays not  incur  any  liability  to  you  on  account  of  any  loss  or  damage  resulting  from  any  delay  or  failure  to  perform  all  or  any  part  of  these  terms  if  such  delay  or  failure  is  caused,  in  whole  or  in  part,  by  events,  occurrences,  or  causes  beyond  the  control  of  mondaq.  such  events,  occurrences  or  causes  will  include,  without  limitation,  acts  of  god,  strikes,  lockouts,  server  and  network  failure,  riots,  acts  of  war,  earthquakes,  fire  and  explosions.
__label__interactivedisplays iot  solutions  for  retail  markets  new  technologies  help  developers  respond  to  the  challenges  of  rapid  innovation  and  change  in  the  retail  market.  the  retail  market  is  evolving  with  the  incorporation  of  computer  vision,  advanced  rfid  solutions,  and  the  ability  to  collect  and  analyze  data  at  the  edge.  use  cases  create  a  smoother  customer  checkout  experience  using  computer  vision  technologies  and  smart  pointofsale  pos  systems.  maintain  accurate  inventory  data,  quickly  locate  instore  products,  and  reduce  retail  shrinkage  using  rfid  solutions.  use  computer  vision  technology  to  monitor  retail  foot  traffic  and  product  interest  and  get  analytics  on  customer  activities.  deploy  multiple  applications
__label__interactivedisplays such  as  audience  measurement,  inventory  management,  and  frictionless  checkout  on  a  single  system.  reference  implementations  for  retail  follow  these  reference  implementations  to  deploy  retail  iot  solutions.  use  computer  vision  inference  to  provide  analytics  on  customer  engagement,  store  traffic,  and  shelf  inventory.  use  computer  vision  solutions  to  adjust  kiosk  displays  in  response  to  audience  demographics.  track  and  analyze  customers  reactions  to  products  and  advertising  displays.  monitor  people  and  product  inventory  in  a  retail  setting  using  multiple  video  streams.  capture  video,  generate  a  heat  map,  record  the  number  of  people  present,  and  then  integrate  the  results.  track  and  post  information  on  available
__label__interactivedisplays parking  spaces.  detect  the  mood  of  shoppers  when  they  are  looking  at  a  retail  or  kiosk  display.  capture  analytics  on  foot  traffic  volume  inside  and  outside  of  a  retail  store.  recognize  employees  and  grant  them  access  to  restricted  areas.  retail  solutions  deploy  affordable,  easytoinstall,  fixed  sensors  for  any  industry  that  uses  rfid  to  collect  accurate  information  in  nearreal  time.  develop  graphics  and  media  solutions,  enable  ai  inferencing,  and  run  applications  on  windows  10  or  ubuntu  16  lts  operating  systems.  upgrade  application  software  and  operating  systems,  troubleshoot  performance  issues,  and  secure  data  for  digital  signage  systems.  with  this  small  form  factor,
__label__interactivedisplays network  operators  and  system  integrators  can  quickly  deploy  interchangeable  digital  signage  devices  and  pluggable  media  players  faster.  develop  advanced  workloads  for  display,  video,  and  image  processing  using  this  flexible  and  customizable  processor.  security  technologies  for  retail  enhance  and  streamline  retail  security  with  the  following  solutions  that  enable  uses  such  as  ip  address  protection  during  transaction,  hardwarebacked  key  storage  and  encryption,  and  easy  onboarding  of  new  devices.  enhance  iot  application  security  and  enable  the  development  and  use  of  trusted  computing  enclaves  that  deliver  increased  protection  for  data  and  applicationsindependent  of  the  operating  system  or  hardware  configuration.  securely  store  artifacts  such  as
__label__interactivedisplays passwords,  certificates,  or  encryption  keys  inside  the  trusted  platform  module  2.0  that  is  integrated  into  intel  silicon.  leverage  a  hardwarebased  identity  to  enable  simple  and  trusted  automatic  iot  device  onboarding  using  device  management  and  cloud  platforms.  retail  kits  with  hardware  acceleration  these  productready  kits  can  be  used  to  develop,  optimize,  and  analyze  multiple  videos  streams,  inference  at  the  edge,  and  highperformance  computer  vision  applications.  tools  and  training  this  multiplatform  computer  vision  solution  can  generate  retail  analytics  on  shopper  behavior,  mood,  interaction  with  kiosksand  displays,  and  more.  develop  media  applications  on  windows  and  embedded  linux  operating  systems  with  this  crossplatform  api
__label__interactivedisplays that  includes  video  editing  and  processing,  media  conversion,  playback,  and  video  conferencing.  accelerate  development  of  system  and  iot  applications,  boost  performance  and  power  efficiency,  and  improve  system  reliability  with  this  comprehensive,  crossplatform  tool  suite.  review  workshop  materials  and  explore  how  to  use  the  intel  distribution  of  openvino  toolkit  and  video  analytics  to  build  smarter  retail  solutions.  stay  connected  sign  up  to  get  the  latest  developer  news  about  retail  technologies.
__label__interactivedisplays use  our  to  bring  mobile  data  to  your  deployment  worldwide.  simple,  nofuss  unlimited  mobile  data  connectivity  if  youre  deploying  digital  signage  and  iot  at  scale,  you  can  use  our  to  add  3g/4g  lte  data  to  your  devices  starting  as  low  as  10/mo.  with  hotspot  included  no  hassle.  no  contract.  order  today  .  .  .  service  and  coverage  may  vary.  to  check  coverage.  hotspot  is  sold  asis  with  3  month  limited  warranty.  in  order  to  provide  unlimited  data,  download  speeds  are  throttled.  give  us  a  call  at  18662121258  with  any  additional  questions.  retail  curious?  become  a  for  access  to  the  latest
__label__interactivedisplays close  keyboardarrowdown  how  to  do  the  next  big  thing  in  retail  right  now.  oct  2017  how  many  articles  have  you  already  seen  about  the  next  big  thing  in  retail?  as  an  industry,  chasing  killer  initiatives  and  new  technology  seems  to  be  part  and  parcel.  theres  no  chance  to  be  stuck  in  the  mud,  retailers  are  always  pushing  onwards  and  upwards  to  ensure  their  evolution  in  a  digital  world.  then  you  come  onto  the  internet  of  things  iot.  retail  is  already  one  of  the  industries  being  seen  as  synonymous  with  things  getting  smarter.  but  outside  of  your  robots,  your  eyescanning  screens
__label__interactivedisplays and  your  beacon  push  notifications,  how  is  iot  actually  working  in  retail  today?  in  this  post  we  discuss  three  key  nearterm  iot  use  cases  that  are  a  great  place  to  start.  we  know  that  bricks  and  mortar  retail  stores  can  feel  at  a  bit  of  a  disadvantage  to  online  ones  when  it  comes  to  promotions.  online  channels  have  the  benefit  that  when  an  items  sold  out,  it  says  so.  similarly,  when  theres  an  offer  or  an  occasion  it  only  takes  pressing  publish  for  that  to  go  live.  with  physical  stock  its  not  always  so  easy.  this  is  where  iot  helps
__label__interactivedisplays connect  the  physical  retail  space.  weve  all  heard  the  talk  of  sensors  and  beacons.  beacons  ibeacons,  eddystone,  altbeacon  etc.  are  little  devices  that  attach  onto  stores  and  communicate  with  other  devices  within  a  close  proximity.  in  theory,  this  allows  you  to  send  out  real  time  offers  either  to  digital  screens  or  to  a  mobile  device,  as  a  customer  passes  by  the  store.  in  reality,  this  hasnt  quite  yet  reached  its  peak  point.  some  beacons  dont  yet  support  all  operating  systems,  others  rely  on  the  user  setting  up  push  notifications  and  there  are  few  that  work  without  the  need  for  an
__label__interactivedisplays app  download.  but  delivering  in  the  moment  promotions  doesnt  have  to  be  that  difficult.  using  digital  signage  screens,  retailers  still  have  the  opportunity  to  get  smart  with  how  they  communicate.  with  cloudbased  digital  sign  solutions  its  easy  to  deliver  information  at  all  points  of  the  shopper  journey.  screens  are  often  overlooked  as  the  next  big  internet  thing  but  truth  is,  they  play  a  serious  role.  digital  signage,  where  your  tv  screen  is  hooked  up  to  a  cloudbased  control  system,  is  one  of  the  easiest  way  to  bring  your  things  to  life.  with  digital  signage  you  can  share  promotions,  social  media
__label__interactivedisplays updates,  news  feeds  and  travel  updates.  you  can  push  relevant  information,  in  the  moment  and  change  it  at  a  moments  glance.  if  you  sell  out  of  an  item,  changing  whats  showing  on  your  screen  can  be  as  easy  as  deleting  a  slide  in  powerpoint,  or  editing  the  text.  in  fact,  thats  exactly  what  our  has  been  designed  to  do.  digital  screens  may  not  be  the  newest  iot  device  to  hit  retail,  but  theyre  certainly  one  of  the  most  effective.  if  theres  one  thing  iot  has  to  do  to  be  successful,  its  make  our  lives  easier.  for  many  retail  stores,  their
__label__interactivedisplays sticky  point  is  keeping  good  stock  inventory.  particularly  in  busy  periods,  finding  out  what  you  have  left  on  the  shelves  and  in  the  storeroom  can  be  an  arduous  task.  from  calling  all  staff  members  in  to  do  a  manual  stock  take,  to  using  outdated  and  clunky  systems  where  real  time  information  is  scarce,  there  hasnt  yet  been  a  simple  way  to  keep  things,  well  simple.  enter  iot  inventory  management.  companies  such  as  intel  have  already  developed  .  the  system  creates  minutebyminute  tracking  of  stock  and  more  importantly,  convey  this  information  to  staff  and  shoppers  while  on  the  store  floor.  store
__label__interactivedisplays staff  can  pick  up  the  information  using  a  wearable  or  tablet  and  let  the  customer  know,  in  the  minute,  if  the  item  they  want  is  available.  when  it  comes  to  keeping  on  top  of  stock  and  using  it  to  inform  customers,  sensors  and  inventory  tracking  has  to  be  done  in  real  time  if  its  to  be  useful.  when  it  comes  to  optimizing  the  customer  journey  online  towards  the  checkout,  we  all  know  the  right  things  to  do.  make  the  form  simple,  ensure  they  feel  secure,  check  that  there  are  various  payment  methods  available.  so  when  it  comes  to  in  store
__label__interactivedisplays payments,  how  does  the  journey  fare  then?  for  many  stores,  it  still  feels  pretty  arduous.  this  is  where  iot  begins  to  improve  stores  not  just  in  the  way  they  look,  but  also  in  the  realms  of  customer  experience.  long  queues  at  checkout,  slow  service  and  stuffy  payment  methods  that  dont  even  accept  contactless  cards  are  becoming  unacceptable  to  the  regular  shopper.  stores  are  beginning  to  combat  this  using  selfservice  checkout  points  that  are  smart  enough  to  recognize  basic  issues  like  barcodes  not  scanning,  and  provide  customers  with  in  the  moment  advice.  payment  desks  are  also  becoming  more  fluid,  with  store
__label__interactivedisplays staff  able  to  navigate  around  the  aisles  and  help  customers  to  pay  from  wherever  they  like.  ,  44  of  millennials  would  prefer  to  use  phones  instead  of  cash  to  pay  for  small  items.  this  generation  in  particular,  are  very  comfortable  entering  payment  information  to  retail  apps  or  even  a  wearable  like  a  smartwatch,  to  allow  them  to  make  their  payment.  apps  such  as  apple  pay,  samsung  pay,  paypal,  and  android  pay  allow  consumers  to  pay  with  their  smartphone  at  a  kiosk,  or  at  any  point  throughout  the  store  as  smarter  tags  are  introduced.  one  retail  iot  example  thats  been  widely
__label__interactivedisplays discussed  is  amazons  self  service  store  where  shoppers  can  pick  up  goods  and  leave  without  seemingly  paying  at  all.  this  system  relies  on  smart  product  trackers  and  sensors,  as  well  as  customers  having  a  firm  link  between  their  payment  information  and  their  amazon  account.  not  something  thats  about  to  go  widespread,  but  certainly  something  to  consider  for  future  fluidity.  ,  amazon  alone  could  be  opening  2,000  of  these  selfservice  stores  across  the  us.  if  youre  keen  to  make  iot  happen  for  your  retail  store,  than  the  three  ideas  above  are  all  perfectly  quick  and  easy  to  set  up.  there  are
__label__interactivedisplays no  complicated  integrations,  rarely  any  coding  and  actually,  they  all  use  technology  that  a  store  manager  or  owner  could  easily  set  up.  because  the  thing  with  iot  is,  its  all  great  in  theory  but  sometimes  its  better  to  return  to  the  ideas  that  can  actually  be  done,  not  just  imagined.
__label__interactivedisplays the  internet  of  things  iot  buzzword  that  has  been  hyped  all  across  the  maker  market  for  years  is  continually  becoming  more  visible,  not  as  iot  but  as  business  solutions  via  digital  transformation.  with  online  retailers  reigning  king  over  brick  and  mortar  retail  stores,  mom  and  pops  are  responding  with  tech  to  fight  back.  iot  solutions  are  being  created  and  implemented  not  only  by  major  retailers  with  millions  to  spend  on  proof  of  concept  and  software  development,  but  also  makers  installing  insight  driven  devices  for  momandpop  stores  all  across  the  world.  this  blog  will  highlight  5  actionable  iot  solutions  in  retail
__label__interactivedisplays we  have  seen  at  ubidots,  the  benefits  they  serve,  and  how  device  developments  are  becoming  even  easier  to  deploy  with  application  builder  platforms  that  merge  the  evertimeconsuming  hardware/software  integration.  the  first  iot  solution  on  our  list  is  beacon  alerts.  this  alert  application  uses  bluetooth  geolocation  to  provide  shopper  with  potentially  valuable  information  to  their  smartphones  like,  sale  in  isle  3  or  uptown  is  having  40  off  anniversary  sale.  connecting  with  customers  is  key  in  all  business,  and  as  digital  technology  permeates  the  regularity  of  spoken  conversation,  beacon  alerts  have  allowed  merchants  to  reach  their  audience  without  uttering  a  word.  proof
__label__interactivedisplays of  concept  with  rainbow  light,  a  prenatal  vitamin,  shows  us  very  telling  results.  using  beacon  advertising  the  campaign  saw  a  125  roas  and  an  increase  in  overall  sales  volume  by  15,  dramatically  outperforming  expectations.  what  is  a  beacon?  a  beacon  is  a  bluetooth  low  energy  device  located  at  or  near  a  vendor  like  inside  a  store  and  is  programmed  to  advertise  a  product.  the  beacon  called  a  slave  or  a  peripheral  will  distribute  an  advertisement,  in  the  form  of  electrical  signals  carrying  personalized  and  useful  information,  to  local  smartphones  and  tablets  called  masters  or  centrals  with  the  intent  of  marketing
__label__interactivedisplays a  product  or  service.  sounds  simple  enough,  but  balancing  the  tradeoffs  of  speed  vs.  energy  consumption  and  meshing  a  technical  understanding  with  the  marketing  aspirations  of  business  owner  can  be  challenging  but  fruitful  for  both  the  business  and  the  beacon  designer.  with  eventual  uses  in  the  tourism  industry,  beacon  alerts  provide  a  wealth  of  knowledge  to  shoppers  when  their  buying  power  is  highest,  in  the  store.  for  more,  check  out  and  their  lapse  shopper  technology.  strategically  placed  sensors  provide  valuable  insights  to  shopper  mapping  and  high  traffic  points  within  a  store.  knowing  where  and  how  a  customer  finds  a  product
__label__interactivedisplays is  valuable  to  sales  departments,  managers,  and  marketers.  with  the  insights  of  heat  maps  and  customer  trace,  retailers  can  better  position  items  for  sale,  adjust  store  setup  to  eliminate  empty  space,  and  record  shopping  trends  over  time.  technology  uses  security  camera  images  to  generate  a  heat  map  of  a  shops  layout  and  translates  that  data  onto  a  dashboard  for  store  managers.  for  example,  the  traffic  volume  of  individuals  walking  by  the  storefront  vs.  the  number  of  people  who  enter  the  store.  this  insight  paired  with  the  frequency  of  a  shopper  making  a  purchase  hugely  drives  advertising  success  statistics.  using  people
__label__interactivedisplays counters  and  location  heat  maps,  a  store  owner  can  refine  the  interior  and  exterior  advertising  and  appearance  to  maximize  the  number  of  shoppers  entering  the  store  and  making  purchases.  as  sensors  and  application  development  continue  to  decrease  in  price,  the  demand  for  more  insights  continues  to  grow.  traditionally,  customer  relationships  were  built  on  the  foundations  of  facetoface  conversations.  today,  merchandisers  are  utilizing  the  iot  to  learn  from,  interact  with,  and  advertise  to  those  who  consume  their  products.  recently  in  real  estate,  has  teamed  up  with  microsoft  hong  kong  and  tfi  digital  media  limited  to  make  house  hunting  as  efficient  as
__label__interactivedisplays possible.  when  a  home  is  for  sale,  an  agent  can  place  sensors  and  upload  video  from  his/her  smartphone  to  use  an  iot  based  cloud  app,  allowing  prospective  homebuyers  visit  homes,  wherever  and  whenever  they  want.  no  longer  are  the  days  of  sunday  open  houses.  smart  signage  is  revolutionizing  the  way  people  shop.  physical  stores  are  utilizing  digital  displays,  such  as  ipad  screens,  to  display  content  facilitating  the  customer.  ,  a  south  african  fashion  retailer,  is  the  leading  digital  signage  solutions  company.  research  in  2013  confirmed  that  41  almost  half  of  shoppers  were  influenced  to  make  a  purchase  instore,  based  purely
__label__interactivedisplays upon  the  advertising  on  instore  digital  screens,  and  92  of  shoppers  interviewed  thought  that  it  was  a  great  idea  to  use  screens  instore  for  customer  communication.  with  the  company  booming  and  still  making  progress,  digital  signage  proves  a  dramatic  success.  not  only  does  digital  signage  serve  as  an  attractive  and  aesthetic  advertisement  to  customers,  the  system  is  successful  in  thinking  logically  and  making  rational  decisions  for  the  customers,  facilitating  their  shopping  endeavors.  digital  signage  is  programmed  by  accumulating  contextual  cues  and  patterns  from  the  customers  and  establishing  connections  based  on  expectations.  using  hardware  placed  in  advertising  or  around  stores,  software
__label__interactivedisplays is  calculating  when  customers  typically  group  particular  items  in  the  same  purchase,  the  time  of  year  these  items  are  typically  purchased,  and  generates  relevant  information  pointing  the  customers  towards  their  next  possible  route  or  purchase  in  the  store.  a  smart  shelf  is  a  shelf  equipped  with  an  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  reader,  either  built  in  the  shelf  itself  or  installed  behind,  under,  or  above  normal  shelves.  this  reader  scans  the  tagged  items  on  the  shelf  and  consistently  notifies  the  backend  system  about  the  existing  items.  by  tracking  items  and  their  nutritional  information,  their  movements,  and  whereabouts,  the  system  provides  retailers
__label__interactivedisplays with  information  that  can  be  analyzed  and  translated  into  customer  preferences.  ,  the  united  states  largest  supermarket  chain  by  revenue  115.35  billion  in  2016,  is  completing  the  installation  2,200  edge  shelves  throughout  the  center  of  the  supermarket,  including  most  aisles  with  dry  goods.  now,  a  digital  grocery  list  carried  by  the  customer  will  ring  when  the  customer  is  nearby  an  item  on  the  list,  or  even  more  conveniently,  a  shelf  will  light  up  when  it  knows  the  customer  is  nearby  and  looking  for  the  items  that  the  particular  shelf  is  holding  and  monitoring.  smart  shelf  systems  have  three  components:  an
__label__interactivedisplays rfid  tag,  an  rfid  reader,  and  an  antenna.  the  rfid  tags  on  the  goods  contain  an  integrated  circuit  and  a  microchip  antenna  that  transmits  data  to  the  rfid  reader.  information  is  collected  from  the  tags  and  then  transferred  through  a  communications  interface  to  an  iot  platform,  where  the  data  can  be  stored,  formatted,  and  analyzed.  besides  what  krogers  smart  shelves  can  do,  many  other  implementations  around  the  world  have  additional  functionalities.  a  strongly  interconnected  network  of  sensors  can  send  automatic  replenishment  alerts  for  items  out  of  stock,  misplaced  item  alerts,  last  scanned  alerts  for  prevention  of  theft,  expired  date  notifications,
__label__interactivedisplays customer  interest  notifications  how  much  is  the  item  looked  at,  picked  up,  put  back,  etc,  and  added  product  information  for  customers.  rfidequipped  smart  shelves  provide  retailers  with  various  ways  of  improving  their  customer  service  and  increasing  customerproduct  interaction.  implementing  iot  solutions  provide  insights  for  business  owners  to  both  generate  more  income,  and  also  facilitate  patrons  and  their  endeavors  when  shopping.  business  owners  and  makers  are  combining  knowledge  and  skill  to  deliver  insights  to  why  and  how  merchandise  is  selling.  typical  iot  solutions  for  retail  will  consist  of  devices  sensors,  cameras  or  rfid  readers,  connectivity  ethernet,  wifi,  cellular,  etc.  and  an
__label__interactivedisplays iot  cloud,  where  data  can  be  interpreted  for  decision  making.  iot  clouds  like  ,  ,  and  are  three  iot  cloud  platforms  capable  of  this  feat.  using  these  platforms  or  others,  developers  and  makers  are  designing  the  next  round  of  technology  offerings  to  bring  knowledge  to  businesses  that  convert  shoppers  into  customers.  this  content  was  originally  published  as  a  guest  post  by  on  august  14th,  2017.  special  thanks  to  matt  hall  and  the  entire  hardware  massive  community  for  its  continued  support  and  development  with  .  get  the  latest  posts  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  get  the  latest  posts  delivered  right  to
__label__interactivedisplays the  term  iot  internet  of  things  has  emerged  as  an  important  category  of  innovative  applied  technology.  the  idea  that  machines  can  be  instrumented  with  sensors  and  connected  to  the  internet  to  transmit  data  and  updates  to  businesses  has  been  around  for  years,  with  the  term  internet  of  things  commonly  used  since  the  1990s.  more  there  are  a  number  of  terms  used  to  describe  the  idea  including  machinetomachine  m2m  communications,  ubiquitous  computing,  embedded  computing,  smart  services  and  the  industrial  internet.  the  internet  of  things  broadly  refers  to  a  class  of  devices  that  can  monitor  their  environment,  report  their  status,  receive  instructions
__label__interactivedisplays and  even  take  action  based  on  the  information  they  receive,  according  to  a  definition  by  the  mckinsey  global  institute.  iot  is  more  than  a  single  industry,  use  case,  or  technology;  its  about  the  intelligent  deployment  of  hardware,  software,  connectivity  and  services  to  bring  the  power  of  datadriven  intelligence  back  to  the  physical  world.  the  current  state  of  iot  technology  is  broad,  spanning  multiple  industries  and  the  entire  tech  stack  from  semiconductors  to  communications  modules,  to  networking,  infrastructure  and  application  software.  some  of  the  key  industries  likely  to  see  massive  changes  and  benefits  from  adoption  of  connected  devices  include  healthcare,  manufacturing,
__label__interactivedisplays insurance,  banking,  retail,  computing  services,  government,  transportation  and  utilities.  the  market  for  internet  of  things  is  still  in  early  stages,  with  the  majority  of  solutions  built  bespoke  and  implemented  ad  hoc,  though  there  are  distinct  use  cases  emerging  around  monitoring,  maintenance  and  visibility.  in  many  respects,  this  stage  of  the  market  parallels  the  enterprise  applications  market  in  the  late  1980s  and  early  1990s,  although  the  iot  landscape  has  a  distinctly  vertical  flavor.  there  is  a  proliferation  of  connectivity  technologies  used  for  iot  including  wifi,  longterm  evolution  lte,  bluetooth  low  energy,  zigbee,  nearfield  communications  nfc  and  many  others.  there  is  also
__label__interactivedisplays a  proliferation  of  protocols  including  internet  protocol  version  6  ipv6,  advanced  message  queuing  protocol  amqp,  message  queue  telemetry  transport  mqtt,  extensible  messaging  presence  protocol  xmpp,  hypertext  transport  protocol/representational  state  transfer  http/rest,  constrained  application  protocol  coap  and  others.  these  create  confusion  in  the  market;  however,  the  heterogeneous  range  of  options  is  necessary  to  support  a  plethora  of  different  use  cases.  our  white  paper  introduction  to  iot  helps  to  simplify  the  panoply  of  communications  options  at  hand;  how  to  make  sense  of  the  alphabet  soup  of  different  protocols  such  as  cat  m1,  bniot,  lwpa,  bluetooth  and  others.  we  also  look  at  the
__label__interactivedisplays three  top  verticals  for  iot  manufacturing,  transportation  and  utilities  and  explore  how  iot  creates  value  in  multidimensional  ways.  we  also  outline  a  taxonomy  of  different  types  of  hardware  devices,  modules  and  sensors  as  well  as  the  different  software  platforms  needed  to  deploy  iot  applications.  lastly,  we  provide  a  brief  overview  of  some  key  types  of  iot  use  cases,  including  hvac  monitoring,  internet  backup  for  retail  locations,  fleet  management  and  digital  signage.  introduction  to  iot  helps  clarify  the  differences,  strengths  and  ideal  use  cases  for  the  wide  range  of  connectivity  technologies,  and  the  potential  value  that  can  be  created  leveraging  the
__label__interactivedisplays best  technology  for  the  appropriate  problem.  one  of  the  profound  effects  of  the  internet  of  things  is  that  instrumentation,  connectivity  and  analytics  allow  traditional  businesses  to  launch  additional  services  based  on  data  generated  by  things.  the  internet  of  things  allows  traditional  product  businesses  to  become  not  just  service  businesses,  but  platforms  themselves.  iot  will  enable  a  new  generation  of  intelligent  factories,  smart  farming,  autonomous  transportation,  machines  that  can  be  selfdiagnosing  in  order  to  power  predictive  maintenance,  and  distributed  power  generation  and  distribution  grids  that  lead  to  a  bright  future  ahead.
__label__interactivedisplays why  how  the  building  blocks  of  retail  signage  solutions  designing  your  digital  signage  retail  project  digital  signage  today  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  and  receive  our  latest  news  and  stories
__label__interactivedisplays refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  over  the  past  20  years,  the  traditional  retail  landscape  has  dramatically  changed,  providing  companies  with  innovative  opportunities  to  collect  and  analyze  data  and  ensure  successful  targeting  across  various  channels.  a  growing  need  to  increase  customer  loyalty  and  deliver  the  best  instore  experience  is  driving  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  the  retail  sector.  according  to  a  new  ,  iot  in  the  retail  market  is  predicted  to  reach  over  30  billion  by  2024.  in  another  ,  verizon  showed  various  use  cases
__label__interactivedisplays in  retail  iot.  they  found  that  retail  companies  realize  the  potential  of  iot  and  are  positive  about  many  aspects  of  its  deployments.  the  already,  finding  its  application  in  beacons,  smart  shelves,  digital  signage,  sensors,  and  more.  today,  retailers  are  focusing  on  implementing  such  advanced  technologies  to  gain  deep  insights  into  customer  needs,  deliver  effective  promotions,  and  boost  sales.  bringing  innovative  business  models,  smart  shelves  have  already  started  working  their  way  into  the  retail  industry.  smart  shelf  systems  contain  three  elements:  an  rfid  tag,  an  rfid  reader,  and  an  antenna.  being  placed  on  the  goods,  rfid  tags  have  an  integrated  circuit
__label__interactivedisplays and  a  microchip  antenna  that  transmits  data  to  the  rfid  reader.  information  is  collected  from  the  rfid  tags  and  sent  to  an  iot  platform,  where  its  stored  and  analyzed.  smart  shelves  are  suited  to  inventory  management,  that  has  been  an  expensive  and  tedious  process  for  a  long  time.  now  smart  shelves  can  automatically  monitor  inventory  and  send  managers  alerts  if  a  certain  item  is  running  low  or  its  date  will  expire  soon.  therefore,  connected  devices  are  crucial  for  avoiding  oversupply,  shortage  of  goods,  and  thefts  in  stores.  by  tracking  inventory,  they  enable  to  reduce  stress,  remove  operating  mistakes,  and  save
__label__interactivedisplays costs.  smart  shelves  also  take  an  important  part  in  making  intelligent  insights  into  customer  behavior.  by  monitoring  inventory  and  transmitting  data  about  items  movements  and  whereabouts  to  an  iot  platform,  the  system  can  provide  retailers  with  information  about  customer  needs  and  preferences,  showing  them  ways  to  improve  their  services,  increase  customer  interactions,  and  boost  sales.  beacons  are  devices  that  use  lowenergy  bluetooth  connections  to  automatically  send  push  notifications  directly  to  shoppers  smartphones  once  they  appear  in  the  coverage  area.  customers  are  notified  about  shares,  discounts,  and  offers  in  realtime,  making  them  more  likely  to  enter  a  store  and  make  a
__label__interactivedisplays purchase.  as  beacons  are  small,  they  can  be  easily  attached  to  walls,  counters,  and  other  places.  retail  companies  also  use  beacons  for  customer  instore  navigation,  sending  push  messages,  and  collecting  customer  data.  beacons  enable  retailers  to  increase  customer  loyalty  and  boost  sales.  through  beacon  technology,  retailers  can  easily  reach  their  audience  and  provide  an  engaging  experience.  also,  beacons  are  irreplaceable  for  customer  instore  navigation  and  collecting  data  about  customer  behavior,  for  example,  the  most  preferred  routes,  goods,  and  stores  in  the  shopping  center.  now  beacons  are  becoming  widely  introduced  in  the  retail  sector.  ,  business  insiders  premium  research  service,  predicted
__label__interactivedisplays the  beacon  installed  base  to  swell  from  96,000  in  2015  to  3.5  million  in  2018.  robots  have  the  potential  to  significantly  change  the  retail  sector.  bi  intelligence  predicts  2.8  million  enterprise  robots  to  ship  between  2016  and  2021.  wishing  to  become  pioneers  and  take  a  competitive  advantage,  many  companies  have  already  integrated  robots  into  their  work.  ,  for  instance,  tested  robots  in  one  of  its  san  francisco  locations  to  help  stock  shelves  and  take  inventory.  restaurants  in  china  have  started  replacing  waiters  with  robots.  startups  simbe  robotics  and  fellow  robots  are  creating  service  robots  that  help  shop  visitors  quickly  find
__label__interactivedisplays products  they  need  as  well  as  ensure  the  shelves  stay  stocked.  digital  signage  helps  retail  companies  provide  personalized  and  interactive  shopping  experience.  digital  signage  solutions  like  ipad  screens,  digitaloutofhome  applications  dooh,  intuitive  touch  screens,  and  instore  digital  screens,  help  retailers  impress  customers  and  increase  sales.  with  digital  signage  applications,  marketers  save  costs  related  to  traditional  print  media  and  push  customer  engagement  to  the  next  level.  digital  signage  solutions  can  serve  not  only  as  an  attractive  and  simple  way  to  display  advertisements,  but  also  be  successful  in  thinking  logically  and  improving  instore  experience,  due  to  the  internet  of  things.  for  example,
__label__interactivedisplays they  can  push  ads  and  price  changes  to  stores  in  realtime.  also,  digital  signage  can  be  programmed  by  accumulating  contextual  cues  and  patterns  from  the  customers  and  establishing  connections  based  on  their  expectations.  it  can  work  as  follows:  using  beacons,  sensors,  or  smart  devices,  the  system  collects  customer  data,  calculates  when  customers  generally  group  particular  items,  the  time  of  the  year  these  items  are  purchased,  and  so  on.  using  iot  technology,  digital  screens  can  display  not  only  commercials  and  catalogs  but  also  personalized  promotions  based  on  collected  data.  realizing  great  prospects  of  smart  signage,  retailers  are  integrating  this  technology  in
__label__interactivedisplays stores,  supermarkets,  and  shopping  centers.  the  global  market  value  for  digital  signage  to  grow  from  19.61  billion  in  2016  to  32.84  billion  by  2023,  at  a  cagr  of  7.4  between  2017  and  2023.  iot  will  dramatically  transform  and  innovate  the  retail  industry  in  the  coming  years.  the  integration  of  iot  solutions  will  enable  retail  companies  to  create  successful  marketing  campaigns  based  on  customer  behavior,  deliver  highquality  services,  improve  inventory  management,  and  reduce  operational  costs.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__interactivedisplays were  beyond  digital  couponing.  weve  progressed  past  rfid  tracking,  digital  signage  and  alerts  on  mobile  devices.  in  the  case  of  the  internet  of  things  for  retail,  there  are  opportunities  for  supply  chain  optimization,  store  efficiencies,  new  ways  to  become  competitive  and  capture  mind  share.  industrial  internet  consortium  members  are  exploring  and  enhancing  key  uses  of  iot  for  retailers  such  as:  the  differentiation  with  iot  will  come  from  a  retailers  ability  to  sense,  understand  and  harness  iot  data  through  analytics,  and  machine  learning  algorithms.  to  take  advantage  of  this  new  promising  area,  join  the  iic  retail  operations  task  group.  in  2018,
__label__interactivedisplays the  manufacturingfocused  industry  leadership  council  was  launched  with  a  core  group  of  innovative  strategists  representing  eight  manufacturing  organizations  who  are  setting  the  vision  for  next  generation  solutions  in  the  manufacturing  industry.  these  organizations  are  instrumental  in  furthering  our  understanding  of  industry  iot  adoption  successes  and  obstacles,  defining  and  refining  implementation  best  practices  and  offering  expert  guidance.  we  are  expanding  our  industry  leadership  councils  and  will  be  launching  additional  councils  focused  on  other  industry  sectors.  click  the  button  in  the  left  column  to  learn  more  and  apply  to  participate.  for  more  information,  please  contact  .  the  industrial  internet  consortium  is  the
__label__interactivedisplays worlds  leading  organization  transforming  business  and  society  by  accelerating  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot.  our  mission  is  to  deliver  a  trustworthy  iiot  in  which  the  worlds  systems  and  devices  are  securely  connected  and  controlled  to  deliver  transformational  outcomes.
__label__interactivedisplays close  first,  we  need  some  information  so  we  can  give  you  the  best  demo  experience.  close  keyboardarrowdown  a  guests  impression  of  a  hotel  is  formed  in  the  first  10  minutes  of  arrival.  digital  signage  is  one  of  the  easiest  ways  to  serve  a  variety  of  important  welcome  messages,  useful  information  and  entertainment  to  guests  within  that  crucial  time  period.  in  restaurants,  digital  signage  reduces  perceived  wait  time  and  ensures  customers  see  relevant,  useful  information  at  the  point  of  purchase.  once  reserved  for  large  chains  and  brands,  screencloud  is  making  digital  signage  accessible  to  all  and  easy  to  implement.  edit  screencloud
__label__interactivedisplays is  a  simple  to  use  software  system  that  gives  you  the  power  to  manage  content  across  all  of  your  screens,  throughout  all  of  your  locations.  many  hotels  and  restaurants  have  digital  screens  up  on  the  wall,  but  few  are  optimizing  them  to  engage  and  inform  patrons.  screencloud  makes  greatlooking  digital  screens  accessible  to  all  businesses  and  improves  the  content  creation  process  for  better  displays.  manage  one  screen  or  one  thousand  screens  from  a  central  management  system,  or  give  power  to  specific  managers  to  drive  their  own  campaigns  throughout  chains.  content  can  be  rolled  out  universally  through  playlists  and  scheduling,  or
__label__interactivedisplays chosen  on  a  screenbyscreen  basis  for  locationbased  targeting.  worried  about  a  poor  wifi  connection?  screencloud  caches  content  and  is  available  to  work  offline.  worried  about  a  poor  wifi  connection?  screencloud  caches  content  and  is  available  to  work  offline.  screencloud  also  makes  content  creation  easy.  giving  you  the  tools  to  add  content  you  already  own  such  as  videos,  image  galleries  and  other  media  files  as  well  as  a  rich  full  of  options.  digital  signage  and  events  are  a  great  match.  within  a  live  event  setting  digital  screens  become  a  vehicle  for  social  media,  live  speaker  debates  and  sharing  useful  event  content
__label__interactivedisplays which  can  be  tailored  by  audience.  a  digital  signage  network  gives  hotels  and  venues  a  way  to  rebrand  their  entire  venue  at  the  click  of  a  button.  tearing  down  signs  or  sticking  up  notices  are  dated  ways  of  changing  content  for  a  specific  event.  with  digital  signage,  you  can  rebrand  your  entire  event  in  seconds,  adding  more  value  to  the  organizer  and  sponsors  and  helping  the  customer  to  feel  that  their  experience  is  completely  personalized.  effectively  creating  a  blank  canvas  which  your  hotel  can  edit  again  and  again.  then  theres  the  logistics.  if  the  agenda  changes  or  you  need  to
__label__interactivedisplays move  to  a  different  room,  digital  screens  can  be  updated  in  seconds.  forget  paper  signs  and  dated  directions,  digital  signage  makes  events  more  fun,  relevant  and  affordable.  screencloud  is  compatible  and  can  be  set  up  in  minutes  on  any  android  tv  screen.  screencloud  can  also  be  used  on  any  regular  tv  monitor  paired  with  any  media  device.  use  our  hardware  selector  tool.  livehelp  edit  screencloud  has  allowed  us  to  instantly  display  photos  of  our  delicious  food,  post  information  on  upcoming  events,  promote  special  products  and  bridge  the  gap  between  promotion,  sales  and  operations.  all  of  this  has  been  achieved  with
__label__interactivedisplays ease  because  our  front  of  house  staff  can  access  and  post  themselves,  without  having  to  go  through  the  it  geeks  using  screencloud  we  have  saved  time  and  money,  have  livened  up  the  whole  brand  experience  and  are  achieving  very  effective  results  all  around.  i  liked  that  screencloud  let  me  try  it  out  before  i  committed  to  any  long  term  contracts  or  specialty  hardware.  it  was  really  easy  to  get  a  demo  running  in  my  living  room  on  a  home  theater  flat  screen  with  an  amazon  fire  box.  at  the  time,  i  joked  with  my  wife  that  it  only  took  15
__label__interactivedisplays novisign  offers  an  exceptional,  easytouse  and  control  digital  signage  for  hospitality  that  engineered  especially  for  hospitality  establishment  types:  hotels,  cruise  lines,  resorts,  casinos,  movie  theaters  and  convention  centers.  improve  and  enhance  the  way  you  visually  share  information  by  adding  digital  signage,  enabling  you  to  edit  and  broadcast  notifications  swiftly,  professionally  and  easily.  with  novisigns  hospitality  digital  signage,  you  can  design  content  that  contains  advertisements,  guest  service  information,  event  listings,  activities  and  special  offers.  using  novisign  cloudbased  digital  signage  for  hospitality,  you  will  be  able  to  design  and  manage  all  of  your  screens  information  quickly.  add  commercials,  images,  slideshows,  to  drive
__label__interactivedisplays sales  while  bringing  awareness  to  critical  new  advertising  campaigns  and  promotions  display  your  entire  menu,  add  descriptions  and  images.  schedule  breakfast,  lunch,  dinner  and  happy  hour  specials  list  daily,  weekly  and  monthly  meetings  times,  convention  schedules,  conference  room  availability  and  upcoming  happenings  sponsor  and  encourage  on/off  premise  events  and  activities,  promote  local  area  attractions,  concerts  and  nightlife  build  value  by  spotlighting  unique  services,  highlight  information  about  your  venue,  upsell  spa  and  other  premium  offerings  emphasize  program  benefits  and  perks  to  drive  and  improve  customer  loyalty,  program  signups  and  participation  from  any  computer,  at  any  time  you  can  update  and  manage
__label__interactivedisplays the  content  of  your  digital  signage  screens.  within  minutes  of  making  an  update,  your  screens  will  get  updated.  update  screens  individually  or  in  groups.  you  can  also  preschedule  your  playlists  and  content  to  play  on  specific  days,  set  recurring  schedules  and  set  expiration  dates.  novisign  digital  signage  for  hospitality  comes  with  a  rich  set  of  draganddrop  widgets.  easilydesign  engaging  and  informative  content  that  features:  use  hospitality  digital  signage  to  give  your  facility  a  modern  lookandfeel,  while  dramatically  improving  the  way  you  visually  communicate.  from  screens  in  your  lobby,  checkin  area,  restaurants  and  convention  areas,  you  can  use  novisigns  digital  signage
__label__interactivedisplays for  hospitality  to:  increase  your  brand  awareness  by  adding  live  social  feeds  to  your  hospitality  digital  signage.  add  scrolling  feeds,  hd  images  and  connect  of  your  brands  twitter,  instagram  or  facebook  account.  with  novisigns  digital  signage  for  hospitality,  adding  social  media  takes  one  click  and  is  easy  to  setup:  novisigns  digital  signage  for  hospitality  is  the  best  way  to  easily  and  quickly  share  information  with  your  customers.  never  again  will  you  have  to  print  static  signage  again.  update  your  hospitality  digital  signage  easily  from  any  computer  at  any  time  to  provide  your  customer  with  answers,  specials  and  promotions.  our  hospitality
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  is  designed  for  the  novice  user  and  does  not  require  complex  onpremise  servers  or  it  setup:  explore  more  hospitality  solutions  improve  guest  experiences,  upsell  services  and  drive  brand  loyalty  drive  new  revenues  while  cultivating  better  customer  experiences  improve  passenger  experiences  while  driving  new  revenues  improve  sales,  create  better  experiences,  and  increase  efficiency  stimulate  better  guest  experiences  while  driving  brand  loyalty  our  company  signage  software  broadcast  solutions  learn  do
__label__interactivedisplays the  above  image  is  from  author  ngsyatowuahg  on  .  image  edits  were  made.  by  their  nature,  hotels  are  a  place  for  people  who  are  new  to  a  location  or  who  are  just  visiting  for  a  short  time.  accordingly,  these  people  are  often  in  search  of  information.  they  are  unsure  where  to  go  and  what  to  do  while  they  are  at  the  hotel.  hotel  digital  signage  can  be  a  useful  medium  in  such  environments,  as  it  provides  an  easy  and  accessible  way  for  hotel  guests  and  visitors  to  access  relevant  information.  in  this  post,  we  will  discuss  how  you  can  get
__label__interactivedisplays started  with  hotel  digital  signage  as  well  as  several  ideas  on  how  you  can  use  hotel  digital  signage  to  serve  your  guests.  hotel  digital  signage  displays  come  in  a  variety  of  shapes  and  sizes.  however,  they  each  require  several  of  the  same  components.  below,  well  discuss  each  of  these  components  and  how  they  are  essential  for  your  hotel  displays.  first,  a  hotel  digital  signage  display  is  going  to  need  a  .  a  digital  signage  player  is  a  small,  physical  device  that  processes  your  digital  content  and  renders  it  to  your  hotel  display.  when  choosing  a  digital  signage  player,  be  careful
__label__interactivedisplays not  to  select  a  device  that  is  more  powerful  than  you  need.  to  display  image,  video,  and  even  live  web  pages  in  1080p  full  hd  resolution,  you  do  not  have  to  break  the  bank.  a  simple  will  allow  you  to  do  everything  you  need.  by  choosing  the  right  digital  signage  player  for  your  needs,  youll  be  able  to  save  on  upfront  purchasing  costs  as  well  as  on  ongoing  .  additionally,  at  the  end  of  your  digital  signage  players  lifecycle,  youll  produce  less  electronic  waste.  next,  youll  need  .  this  software  allows  you  to  manage  your  digital  signage  content  easily.  with
__label__interactivedisplays digital  signage  software,  you  can  organize  content  into  playlists  and  schedule  this  content  to  play  at  predetermined  times.  additionally,  you  can  schedule  content  for  one  screen  or  a  group  of  screens,  all  in  just  a  few  clicks.  before  digital  signage  software,  many  hotels  managed  .  to  upload  new  content,  an  employee  would  have  to  physically  visit  the  digital  sign  and  manually  upload  new  content  by  plugging  in  the  usb  drive  to  the  digital  display.  this  process  was  extremely  time  consuming  and  costly  in  terms  of  employee  hours,  especially  when  the  hotel  had  multiple  digital  signs  across  the  property.  with  ,
__label__interactivedisplays employees  can  now  manage  the  content  on  all  of  their  companys  digital  signs  from  the  comfort  of  their  office  desk.  lastly,  digital  signage  hotel  solutions  require  a  digital  display  screen,  of  course.  for  a  display  screen,  you  can  use  a  large  computer  monitor  or  a  tv  screen.  note  that  this  display  screen  doesnt  have  to  cost  thousands  of  dollars,  and  a  flatscreen  tv  display  from  your  local  electronics  store  will  be  all  you  need.  just  make  sure  that  your  digital  display  accepts  hdmi  input  and  can  display  at  least  1080p  hd  resolution.  today,  almost  every  digital  display  fits  these  requirements.
__label__interactivedisplays once  you  have  your  hotel  digital  signage  displays  up  and  running,  youll  need  to  populate  each  hotel  display  screen  with  content  that  is  useful  and  engaging  for  your  hotel  guests  and  visitors.  read  below  for  some  ideas  on  how  to  get  the  most  out  of  your  hospitality  digital  signage.  first,  digital  displays  work  great  as  .  lobbies  are  the  central  passageway  for  a  hotel,  and  thus,  they  are  an  excellent  location  for  a  hotel  digital  sign.  in  a  hotel  lobby,  digital  signs  can  display  information  on  upcoming  events  at  the  hotel  and  information  on  hotel  amenities  such  as  fitness  classes
__label__interactivedisplays and  restaurant  specials.  lobby  digital  signs  can  also  display  more  logistical  information,  such  as  notices  for  hotel  construction  or  information  on  room  service  hours.  lobby  digital  signs  look  great  near  entrances,  seating  areas,  or  even  behind  the  front  desk.  second,  another  use  case  for  hotel  digital  signage  is  internally  to  the  hotel  management  staff.  with  hotel  digital  signage,  management  can  display  hospitality  industry  business  metrics  such  as  average  daily  rate,  revenue  per  available  room,  and  customer  satisfaction  ratings.  keeping  this  data  easily  viewable  on  a  digital  sign  can  help  focus  and  motivate  a  hotels  entire  staff.  another  use  case  for
__label__interactivedisplays hotel  digital  signage  is  advertising  in  hotel  lobbies.  given  the  exposure  to  area  visitors,  hotel  digital  signage  can  be  an  effective  advertising  medium  for  tour  companies  and  local  restaurants.  hotel  guests  are  always  looking  for  something  to  do,  and  they  are  the  perfect  captive  audience  for  many  local  business  ads.  advertisers  or  the  hotel  itself  can  sell  screen  time  to  local  businesses,  and  this  activity  can  become  a  significant  revenue  stream.  check  out  our  article  on  how  to  set  up  a  for  more  information.  to  launch  your  first  hotel  digital  sign,  begin  by  for  an  online  digital  signage  software  account.
__label__interactivedisplays this  account  will  allow  you  to  manage  your  hotel  digital  signage  from  anywhere  using  your  laptop.  next,  order  your  first  digital  signage  player.  note  that  you  will  need  one  digital  signage  player  per  hotel  display  screen.  you  can  order  your  digital  signage  players  on  .  also,  check  out  our  option.  once  your  hotel  display  screen  is  up  and  running,  be  sure  to  populate  your  digital  sign  with  great  content.  note  that  content  doesnt  have  to  be  timeconsuming  or  costly  to  produce.  for  starters,  you  can  get  content  up  quickly  by  on  your  digital  sign.  also,  know  that  there  are  a
__label__interactivedisplays ton  of  excellent  ,  and  many  of  these  stock  image  sites  are  entirely  free.  additionally,  if  youre  interested  in  doing  video  content  which  we  recommend,  there  are  a  ton  of  useful  .  when  planning  your  first  month  of  digital  signage  content,  remember  to  keep  content  focused  on  the  customer  and  what  is  interesting  to  them.  that  may  sound  like  an  obvious  point;  however,  many  people  often  forget  it  if  you  have  any  questions  on  hotel  digital  signage  solutions,  feel  free  to  reach  out  to  .  were  always  happy  to  help  new  and  existing  customers  with  their  digital  signage  needs.  hello
__label__interactivedisplays /  /  janus  displays  works  with  your  property  to  create  a  custom  hospitality  digital  signage  solution.  this  solution  will  help  you  provide  information  to  guests,  increase  revenue,  and  save  you  and  your  team  time.  our  custom  hospitality  digital  signage  products  include  concierge  boards,  video  walls,  menu  touch  screens,  room  boards,  and  information  for  guest  room  channels.  with  your  digital  display  solution  in  place,  your  guests  will  know  everything  your  property  has  to  offer.  janus  displays  software  integrates  with  your  existing  event  management  program  simply  and  accurately,  always  displaying  current  information  to  your  entire  digital  signage  network.  modernize  your  property  with
__label__interactivedisplays a  stressfree  event  interface  solution  that  is  perfect  for  events,  corporate  meetings,  weddings,  conventions,  employee  trainings,  conferences,  receptions,  and  other  types  of  events.  the  janus  concierge  board  is  the  perfect  digital  signage  solution  for  involving  and  updating  guests  on  events  at  your  property.  with  our  flight  checkin  and  boarding  pass  printing  features,  guests  can  checkin  for  their  flights  from  your  lobby,  and  then  print  their  boarding  passes.  this  functionality  keeps  guests  at  your  property  longer,  rather  than  at  the  airport  any  longer  than  necessary.  guests  also  can  use  the  bing  map  interface  to  search  for  local  entertainment  options,  make  dinner
__label__interactivedisplays reservations  through  opentable,  or  prepare  for  upcoming  weather  conditions.  we  can  customize  the  janus  concierge  board  to  fit  your  needs.  our  design  team  works  closely  with  you  to  develop  a  custom  digital  signage  solution  that  we  guarantee  will  turn  heads  and  enhance  your  property.  want  to  advertise  a  restaurant  that  just  opened  up  on  the  premises?  use  the  janus  menu  touch  screen  to  showcase  daily  specials,  lunch  and  dinner  menus,  happy  hour  specials,  and  more.  keep  your  guests  on  site  during  their  stay,  which  will  increase  your  propertys  profitability.  learn  more  our  design  team  works  closely  with  you  to  develop
__label__interactivedisplays a  custom  digital  signage  solution  that  we  guarantee  will  turn  heads  and  enhance  your  property.  read  more  about  five  ways  to  generate  hotel  digital  signage  roi  for  hotels  and  conference  centers.  the  sheraton  atlantic  city  convention  center  hotel  has  had  a  janus  displays  solution  on  site  for  20  years.  the  property  isnt  able  to  upgrade  its  solution  currently,  but  when  it  stopped  fully  functioning,  didnt  want  to  regress  to  the  days  of  printing  and  posting  events  schedules.  enter  the  janus  displays  tech  team.  steve  hudson,  one  of  our  onsite  technicians,  researched  the  issue,  found  a  solution,  and  worked  with  the
__label__interactivedisplays property  to  get  its  solution  back  at  100  percent.  steve  is  just  a  pleasure  to  deal  with,  is  always  willing  to  help,  his  knowledge  of  the  products  are  impeccable,  and  i  really  enjoy  working  with  him.  steve  always  calls  and  follows  up  when  he  says  he  will,  which  is  a  wonderful  trait  to  have  in  this  day  and  age.  his  customer  service  skills  are  off  the  charts  and  janus  will  always  be  our  goto  company  when  we  need  something.  flamingo  las  vegas  incorporates  its  janus  displays  digital  signage  solution  into  its  busy  lobby  area.  three  large  displays  are  positioned  behind
__label__interactivedisplays the  lobby  desk.  these  displays  show  current  and  forecasted  weather,  information  about  onsite  events,  and  advertisements  for  onsite  amenities  and  facilities.  in  april  2018,  during  a  routine  trip  to  inspect  onsite  signage  and  make  sure  everything  remained  functional,  were  pleased  to  find  all  signage  optimally  working  and  presenting  crisp  and  informative  content.  tropicana  staff  agreed.  everything  works  great.  its  very  easy  to  make  changes  when  we  have  something  new  to  promote.  were  very  happy  with  our  signage.  janus  displays  digital  signage  solutions  give  you  the  power  to  enhance  the  user  experience,  stand  out  among  your  competitors,  and  impress  your  audience.
__label__interactivedisplays this  thought  leadership  article  from  ,  a  provider  of  embedded  and  automation  products  and  solutions,  details  how  digital  signage,  selfserve  kiosks  and  cloudbased  technologies  have  enabled  futuristic  service  automation.  artificial  meets  real  intelligence:  hotels  and  restaurants  seek  to  understand,  engage  and  empower  guests.  isign  media  partnership  enables  advertisers  on  rtowns  hotel  tv  network  to  deliver  branded  content,  special  offers,  loyalty  program  messages  and  other  richmedia  offerings  directly  to  guests  mobile  devices  via  bluetooth  technology.  infographic  breaks  down  the  value  of  selfserve  kiosks.  unlocking  the  potential  and  avoiding  pitfalls  of  an  aibased  tech  strategy
__label__interactivedisplays get  the  latest  insights  from  samsung  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  follow  us  get  the  latest  insights  from  samsung  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  these  10  essential  tv  technologies  can  deliver  a  standout  digital  experience  for  your  guests.  the  future  of  hotel  signage  is  digital,  as  screens  positioned  around  facilities  elevate  guest  experiences,  help  operators  streamline  services  and  boost  bottom  lines  for  business.  anyone  who  travels  knows  their  hotel  experience  starts  even  before  they  walk  through  the  door,  as  hotels  can  advertise  using  on  roadside  totems  or  on  the  buildings  facade.  furthermore,  dedicated  smartphone  apps,  tied  to  loyalty  programs  and
__label__interactivedisplays beacons,  can  begin  messaging  guests  before  they  even  walk  in,  speeding  up  checkins  and  personalizing  welcomes.  this  experience  extends  from  the  reception  desk  into  hotel  services  and  amenities,  and  even  guest  rooms.  hotel  operators  are  increasingly  using  screens  to  help  guests  navigate  the  facilities,  raising  awareness  of  highmargin  services  and  taking  the  strain  off  front  desk  and  concierge  staff  during  busy  checkin  and  checkout  periods.  learn  how  to  deliver  a  standout  guest  experience  with  samsungs  smart  hospitality  tvs.  hotel  signage  is  setting  the  tone  for  establishments.  that  can  mean  anything  from  a  threedisplay  wide  welcome  screen  behind  a  reception  desk
__label__interactivedisplays to  iconic  videowalls  that  are  central  to  a  hotels  decor  and  ambiance.  heres  a  look  at  what  hotels  are  already  doing  with  display  technology,  and  how  that  will  expand  and  evolve  for  the  hotel  of  the  future.  as  guests  arrive,  single  displays  or  clusters  of  tiled  screens  behind  reception  counters  convey  welcome  messages,  universal  or  customized.  if  a  hotel  knows  a  big  chunk  of  that  weeks  bookings  involve  a  business  convention  or  a  sports  tournament,  participants  can  be  recognized  at  checkin.  the  most  impactful  digital  signage  application  may  be  interactive  information  stations,  sometimes  called  .  a  touchscreen  display  in  a
__label__interactivedisplays lobby  can  itemize  local  dining,  entertainment  and  attractions  options,  provide  area  maps,  running  routes,  traffic  conditions,  and  lists  of  area  services,  like  nearby  pharmacies,  salons  and  specialized  services.  this  technology  can  provide  24hour  resources  for  hotel  guests  during  their  stay,  and  even  just  one  screen  can  relieve  much  of  the  pressure  on  busy  reception  staff  to  answer  guest  inquiries,  notably  at  hotels  not  large  enough  to  employ  a  fulltime  concierge  staff.  largefootprint  hotels  with  meeting  and  banquet  facilities  can  be  hard  to  navigate.  wayfinding  and  directory  signs  interactive  or  not  are  very  useful  in  directing  guests  to  business  meetings,  luncheons
__label__interactivedisplays and  special  events  in  the  banquet  and  meeting  hall  areas.  if  they  use  the  hotel  app,  beacons  can  provide  them  with  stepbystep  directions  and  push  notifications  during  their  stay.  increasingly,  digital  signage  software  platforms  are  linking  with  hotel  room  management  systems  to  automatically  display  meeting  room  information,  saying,  for  example,  that  a  companys  sales  meeting  is  in  salon  a.  at  the  meeting  room  entrances,  small  screens  like  display  information  about  who  has  booked  each  room.  replacing  paper  in  slots,  these  signs  can  show  the  logo  of  company  or  organization,  detailed  information  or  even  the  photo  of  a  newlymarried  couple  for
__label__interactivedisplays a  wedding  reception.  when  the  room  booking  changes,  so  does  the  sign.  this  integration  of  digital  signage  provides  a  whole  new  level  of  customization  to  the  modern  hotel  experience,  and  eases  issues  with  content  management.  food  services  managers  are  using  digital  menu  boards  and  other  types  of  screens  to  replace  printed  material,  enabling  them  to  change  menus  and  promotions  by  time  of  day,  and  adjust  promotions  based  on  whats  selling  and  what  needs  more  publicity.  finedining  restaurants  are  even  using  tools  like  to  replace  cumbersome  wine  menus  with  digital  versions  that  offer  more  details  and  tasting  notes,  and  that  tie
__label__interactivedisplays into  inventory  systems,  so  if  a  wine  isnt  in  stock,  it  doesnt  show.  meetings  and  event  planners  are  taking  advantage  of  digital  hotel  signage  to  retheme  event  halls  instantly,  changing  out  the  visuals  on  large  video  feature  walls,  and  making  available  tools  like  collaborative  digital  whiteboards  in  private  meeting  room  spaces.  with  applications  like  these,  digital  signage  is  making  its  way  as  a  standard  tool  for  not  just  guest  experience,  but  overall  hotel  operations.  digital  is  also  finding  its  way,  increasingly,  into  hotel  rooms.  dedicated  hotel  apps  can  make  an  nfcenabled  smartphone  work  as  a  secure  room  key.  once  inside,
__label__interactivedisplays tied  to  hotel  management  systems  can  already  be  turned  on,  with  an  onscreen  message  personally  greeting  a  guest  and  driving  promotions  like  room  service,  hotel  amenities  and  late  checkouts.  replacing  regular  room  mirrors  provide  an  engaging  interactive  canvas  for  guest  notices,  orders  and  helpful  information  like  local  weather  and  events,  helping  them  plan  and  personalize  their  stay  on  a  daytoday  basis.  smart  displays  are  already  enabling  connectivity  between  screens  and  personal  devices,  and  tvs  will  be  supplemented,  in  time,  by  devices  like  virtual  reality  headsets  for  even  more  immersive  connectivity.  with  more  and  more  devices  even  light  bulbs  and  mattresses
__label__interactivedisplays getting  iot  sensors,  the  hotel  of  the  future  will  be  increasingly  smart.  the  guest  experience  will  grow  more  visual  and  interactive,  and  screens  will  also  start  finding  their  way  behind  the  scenes,  as  displays  can  also  be  used  for  training  new  staff,  and  making  them  aware  of  when  rooms  are  clear  and  when  services  are  requested.  overall,  eyecatching  and  dynamic  screens  will  make  hotel  guests  feel  great  about  being  there,  but  the  technology  also  enables  hotels  to  work  better.  learn  how  you  can  impress  your  guests  and  streamline  operations  by  checking  out  our  latest  .  posts  by  dave  haynes  is
__label__interactivedisplays a  wellknown  veteran  in  the  digital  signage  industry.  he  consults  to  some  of  the  worlds  largest  brands  on  their  digital  signage  strategy  and  technical  needs,  but  also  spends  time  mentoring  startups.  a  former  daily  newspaper  journalist,  haynes  has  for  the  past  decade  written  a  highlyrespected  blog  about  digital  signage,  .  follow  dave  on  twitter  download  this  white  paper  for  a  comprehensive,  stepbystep  guide  to  planning  and  deploying  a  cyod  initiative  at  your  company.  the  simple  and  most  compelling  argument  for  8k  monitors  boils  down  to  more  pixels,  better  visuals.  digital  transformation  promises  cost  and  time  savings  to  businesses  of  any
__label__interactivedisplays size.  discover  the  benefits  of  going  paperless.  our  solution  architects  are  ready  to  collaborate  with  you  to  address  your  biggest  business  challenges.  copyright  19952019  samsung  all  rights  reserved.  posts  on  this  site  reflect  the  personal  views  of  each  author  and  do  not  necessarily  represent  the  views  and  opinions  of  samsung  electronics  america.  regular  contributors  may  be  compensated  for  their  time  and  expertise.
__label__interactivedisplays interactive  digital  signs  and  kiosks  give  hotels  the  ability  to  connect  with  and  provide  important  information  to  their  guests.  kiosks  can  automate  streamline  the  checkin  /  checkout  and  payment  processes  in  any  hotel  environment.  livewires  hospitality  solutions  can  provide  vital  virtual  concierge  functions  such  as  wayfinding,  hotel  maps,  parking  information,  and  entertainment  and  dining  directories.  we  can  customize  our  econcierge  kiosk  software  and  digital  signage  software  suite  to  suit  any  hotel  with  a  comprehensive  solution.  digital  signage  and  interactive  kiosks  can  help  eliminate  the  hassle  and  waste  of  keeping  paper  guides  and  notifications  updated  which  can  lend  to  huge  costsavings
__label__interactivedisplays in  any  industry,  especially  in  hospitality  where  these  costs  can  escalate  quickly.  digital  signage  solutions  can  be  implemented  in  several  strategic  locations  such  as  lobbies  and  gift  shops,  even  at  the  individual  hotel  room  level.  hospitality  solutions  are  not  limited  to  hotels  and  can  also  be  useful  in  cruise  ships,  restaurants,  local  attractions,  and  entertainment  venues.
__label__interactivedisplays whether  your  hotel  targets  business  travelers,  vacationing  consumers,  or  a  combination  of  both,  connected  devices  can  make  your  customers  happier  and  increase  profits.  these  tools  help  people  checkin  quickly,  find  where  theyre  going,  and  spend  more  money  at  your  onsite  facilities  or  with  your  partners  and  affiliates.  here  are  some  popular  applications:  smartphones  and  tablets  :  customers  can  watch  a  guided  tour  of  popular  area  attractions  led  by  the  hotel  concierge,  view  the  latest  specials  in  the  hotel  restaurant,  and  stay  uptodate  on  events  or  conventionspecific  news  coverage.  lobby  wayfinding  systems  :  guests  can  use  touchscreen  directory  kiosks  to  locate
__label__interactivedisplays their  room  or  an  event,  and  easily  map  the  route  to  it.the  hotel  directory  kiosk  can  also  print  a  hard  copy,  complete  with  coupons  or  ads  for  onsite  restaurants  andother  services.  room  and  event  schedules  :  instead  of  printing  paper  schedules  with  each  days  event  schedule  and  locations,  hotel  staff  can  post  the  schedules  to  digital  signs.  these  can  be  programmed  to  change  automatically  based  on  predetermined  schedules,  or  lastminute  changes  to  the  hotel  calendar.  guest  checkin  kiosks  :  customers  can  bypass  the  front  desk  and  use  a  selfservice  checkin  kiosk  to  retrieve  their  room  key,  purchaseroom  upgrades,  and  perform
__label__interactivedisplays other  common  functions.  by  reducing  the  load  on  front  desk  staff,  the  hotel  kiosks  make  checkin  faster  for  all  guests  even  those  that  dont  use  the  selfservice  machines.  inroom  barker  channels  :  inroom  channels  can  be  controlled  with  the  same  software  that  handles  the  room  and  event  schedules,making  it  easier  to  deliver  the  same  information  and  promotions  throughout  the  facility.  messagescan  be  controlled  from  the  home  office  or  customized  on  a  perhotel  or  regional  basis.  here  are  some  articles  about  these  topics:
__label__interactivedisplays 18778254146  for  your  best  experience,  our  product  configurator  requires  that  you  to  enable  your  selections  on  the  next  page  to  take  effect.  just  click  below  for  our  quick  registration,  otherwise  you  may  to  product  info.  invalid  email  format  as  ad  agencies  and  youtube  producers  know,  motion  and  bright  light  attract  our  attention.  retail  stores  are  increasingly  creating  omnichannel  retail  experiences  to  seamlessly  integrate  online,  mobile  and  instore  shopping  experiences  and  immediately  increase  sales.  stores  can  update  branding  and  promotional  material  quickly  with  centrally  or  locally  managed  ledbacklit  lcd  signage  for  a  variety  of  applications.  advantech  networked  digital  signage  solutions  provide
__label__interactivedisplays instantly  updatable  ambience  for  your  stores,  inform  shoppers,  and  power  interactive  kiosks.  drag  and  drop  content  creation  multidisplay  support  with  crossstitching  up  to  500  device  connections  excludes  ubc  android/linux  players  which  have  their  own  signage  display  software.  signagecms  is  available  for  purchase  with  displays  and  allinone  touchscreen  pcs.  a  free  trial  version  is  also  available.  data  and  device  management  builtin  15  realtime  monitoring  widgets  up  to  1000  device  connections  advantech  3  display  digital  signage  player  with  intel  i3/i5/i7  processor  is  ideal  for  restaurant  menu  boards,  hotel  lobby  signage,  airport  flight  information  displays,  and  more.  advantechs  digital  signage  player  is  a
__label__interactivedisplays powerful  box.  its  application  is  perfect  for  emenus,  wayfinding,  and  even  advertising  in  public  spaces,  ideal  for  enhancing  guest  facing  experiences  allinone  touch  computers  provide  the  best  interactive  digital  signage  solution  customer  experiences.  whether  its  ordering  food  at  a  restaurant,  wayfinding  at  a  mall,  or  selfcheckout,  the  utc  series  does  it  allselect  from  1042.  advantech  intelligent  restaurant  solutions  showcase  essential  products  for  business  owners  today.  create  new  and  memorable  experiences  for  guests  with  advantechs  content  creation  software,  and  deploy  through  our  digital  signage  solutions.  advantech  digital  signage  in  taiwan  taoyuan  international  airport  advantech  high  brightness  display  solutions  shine  on  digital
__label__interactivedisplays drivethru  menu  boards  loral  reinvigorates  brand  image  with  digital  signages  3d  rewards  center  kiosk  keeps  retailers  in  touch  with  mall  shoppers  delighting  customers  with  dynamic  digital  menu  displays  convenient  content  creation  for  subway  all  brand  and  product  names  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.  all  prices  and  specifications  are  subject  to  change  without  notice.  we  detected  you  are  using  an  outdated  version  of  internet  explorer,  and  some  of  our  site  features  might  not  display  accordingly.  please  update  now  for  the  best  experience:  ,  ,  .
__label__interactivedisplays retailers  are  turning  to  service  providers  to  build  and  implement  the  components,  network  and  interactive  applications  of  digital  signage.  if  you  have  customers  in  hospitality,  restaurants,  education  or  retail  verticals,  then  digital  signage  solutions  may  be  the  unique,  ,  according  to  ingram  micro.  the  expectation  now  is  that  all  major  retailers  will  have  digital  signs,  explains  eric  kenyon,  senior  sales  executive,  pro  av/digital  signage  at  ingram  micro.  they  are  more  than  just  an  eyecatching  tool.  retail  marketing  executives  are  counting  on  analytics  gathered  from  digital  signs  to  improve  their  business,  so  data  transfer  is  critical.  the  desire  for  consumer  data
__label__interactivedisplays means  the  digital  signage  market  is  lighting  up  fast  for  solution  providers.  pq  media  estimates  that  digital  signage  is  ascending  to  the  .  according  to  ingram  micro,  the  crosssale,  installation  and  it  services  opportunities  for  solution  providers  and  system  integrators  specializing  in  digital  signage  solutions  is  an  opportunity  with  a  .  iot  and  digital  signs  are  becoming  grander  and  more  ambitious  in  retail,  notes  naren  kumar,  segment  marketing  manager,  iotg,  at  intel.  he  cites  digital  screens,  smart  coolers,  interactive  video  walls  and  intelligent  whiteboards  with  data  analytics  as  examples  of  sophisticated  digital  signage  solutions  already  in  use.  kumar  notes  that
__label__interactivedisplays service  providers  with  digital  signage  expertise  are  needed  to  help  retailers  make  the  right  strategy  and  technology  decisions.  and  while  retailers  have  led  the  way  in  digital  signage  rollouts  to  date,  other  industries  are  not  far  behind.  the  digital  sign  revolution  is  also  happening  in  transportation  centerssubway  stations  and  airportskeeping  passengers  on  schedule  and  also  displaying  revenueproducing  advertising.  the  hospitality  market,  including  hotels  and  conference  centers,  is  also  a  fastgrowing  segment.  kumar  says  that  an  area  with  great  potential  for  revenue  in  digital  signage  is  the  selfserve  kiosk  segment,  which  is  predicted  to  grow  to  70  billion  by  2020,  according
__label__interactivedisplays to  estimates  from  .  photo  credit:  intel,  iotg  since  most  digital  sign  solutions  are  typically  multivendor  configurations,  solution  providers  often  need  reference  kits  or  other  help  to  get  their  customers  started.  while  configurations  vary  widely,  the  key  elements  of  digital  signage  include:  hardware  displays  typically  largescreen  dynamic  or  interactive/touch;  a  content  management  system  cloudbased  or  onpremises  and  infrastructure  components,  including  wireless  and  network  connectivity,  datagathering  tools  and  audio.  ingram  micro  offers  these  for  service  providers  ready  to  dive  into  the  digital  signage  market:  begin  by  identifying  which  of  your  customers  would  benefit  from  digital  signage.  find  out  what  kind  of
__label__interactivedisplays solution  they  are  considering  for  their  environment,  then  identify  the  right  vendor  partners  for  each  component.  once  you  build  your  digital  signage  client  list,  you  should  showcase  your  efforts  with  case  studies,  which  can  help  new  customers  who  are  still  in  the  decision  phase  and  want  to  see  how  digital  signage  solutions  have  helped  others,  even  their  competitors.  ingram  micro  also  suggests  developing  compelling  service  bundles  to  manage  the  digital  technology  and  analytics.  a  digital  sign  is  more  than  just  putting  up  displays  and  wall  mounts  at  your  customer  site.  it  includes  site  surveys,  presales  tech  support,  financial  services,  integration,
__label__interactivedisplays content  management  software  cms,  content  creation  and  ongoing  customization  and  project  management.  once  you  have  created  a  digital  signage  solution  that  is  customized  for  a  particular  vertical  market,  you  may  find  you  can  replicate  that  configuration  with  other  customers  in  similar  markets  and  create  a  steady  annuity  revenue  stream.  think  of  digital  signage  as  part  of  a  greater  managed  solution  you  provide  for  your  customers.  the  bottom  line,  according  to  iot  experts  from  intel  and  ingram  micro,  is  that  digital  signage  is  a  healthy,  growing  market  for  solution  providers  with  a  low  cost  of  entry  and  high,  doubledigit  margins.  not
__label__interactivedisplays many  technology  categories  offer  that  value  proposition.  to  learn  more  about  the  digital  signage  reference  kit  available  from  intel,  listen  to  the  30minute  with  the  intel  iot  team  or  view  the  .  businesses  of  all  sizes  from  every  industry  are  looking  to  solution  providers  to  shepherd,  secure  and  maintain  the  integration  of  their  iot  solutions.  the  iot  solution  provider  site  provides  the  market  research,  hot  trends  in  vertical  markets,  policy  updates,  news  and  business  transformation  models  that  solution  providers  need  to  stay  in  the  know  in  this  burgeoning  field.
__label__interactivedisplays columbia  advisory  group  assists  our  customers  with  the  reliable  support  required  to  plan,  deploy,  monitor  and  maintain  dependable  voice,  data,  video,  pos  and  infrastructure  solutions.  our  clients  rely  on  us  when  launching  changes  across  their  enterprise  or  when  grappling  with  the  technical  demands  of  opening  new  locations.  we  assist  in  boosting  revenue  through  automation,  adding  guest  wifi,  integrating  digital  media,  upgrading  your  existing  technology  stack,  or  to  simply  implement  strong  security  measures.
__label__interactivedisplays enseo  delivers  sustainable  innovation  to  people  places  like  hotels  and  schools.  freetoguest  tv  always  the  most  updated  versions  of  the  streaming  apps  guests  want  fast,  secure,  and  available:  internet  access  absolutely  anywhere  you  need  it,  however  you  need  it  sustainability,  cost  savings,  and  sitewide  management  automation  in  the  very  same  platform  our  panic  button  system  offers  accurate  location  reporting  when  it  counts  preserves  worker  privacy  weve  been  around  for  nearly  20  years.  if  youve  stayed  in  a  hotel  in  the  last  2  decades,  youve  probably  used  our  technology.  so  much  more  than  entertainment,  enseos  e3  platform  meets  multiple  needs  by
__label__interactivedisplays offering  multiple  solutions.  its  a  with  you  over  time.  we  dont  rely  on  repurposed,  consumergrade  products.  thats  why  our  tech  upgrades  over  time  instead  of  phasing  out  every  few  years.  content  providers,  app  stores,  connected  devices:  we  never  limit  your  options.  e3  is  built  with  an  open  architecture  to  support  whatever  you  need.  from  coax  to  fiber,  e3  works  to  provide  the  technology  experience  at  the  least  expense  to  you.  e3  allows  you  and  enseo  to  monitor  the  status  of  the  entire  system,  so  we  can  fix  errors  before  your  guests  find  them.  when  it  comes  to  enseo  products,  they
__label__interactivedisplays just.  work.  and  our  customers  love  it.  the  new  system  is  working  perfectly,  we  are  extremely  happy  with  it.  i  hope  this  becomes  your  new  standard.  it  greatly  increases  confidence  in  the  system.  sean  mcmahon  director  of  security  at  ny  edition/clocktower  as  an  owner,  it  is  my  job  to  find  the  best  technology  for  my  guests  at  the  best  price,  and  i  believe  this  is  enseo  for  inroom  .  laurent  bortoluzzi  vp  it  revantage  corporate  services  has  shown  they  work  hard  to  meet  and  exceed  our  guests  expectations.  mike  stengel  svp  of  gaylord  hotels  operations  we  never  stop  innovating,  and
__label__interactivedisplays that  makes  an  impression  or  at  least  great  material  for  quite  a  few  good  articles.  enseo  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  technology  companies  in  the  u.s.  for  19  years,  enseo  has  delivered  sustainable  innovation  to  people  places  like  hotels  and  schools.  p:  2019  enseo.  all  rights  reserved
__label__interactivedisplays in  addition  to  our  awardwinning  xogo  mini  players,  we  are  now  offering  enterpriselevel  hardware  in  conjunction  with  our  technology  partner  arrow.  the  xogo  enterprise,  enterprise  dual  and  enterprise  quad  players  all  run  windows  10  enterprise  ltsc  and  are  designed  to  play  content  across  24  screens  at  once.  this  allows  you  to  set  up  multidisplay  video  walls  with  ease,  or  run  4k  content  at  high  frame  rates.  were  happy  to  announce  the  release  of  a  powerful  new  feature  called  advanced  scheduling.  xogo  users  are  now  able  to  schedule  items  within  any  playlist  so  they  will  appear  onscreen  automatically  at  specific  times,
__label__interactivedisplays and  on  specific  days  of  the  week.  keeping  your  digital  content  fresh  doesnt  need  to  be  a  challenge.  for  a  small  monthly  fee,  any  business  can  have  access  to  300  channels  of  the  industrys  most  beautiful,  curated  content,  specifically  formatted  for  16:9  screens  and  video  walls.  choose  from  news,  sports,  weather,  stocks,  traffic  information,  trivia,  vintage  photos  and  more,  in  either  landscape  or  portrait  orientation.  .  read  more  here  and  sign  up  for  your  free  30day  trial.  as  of  autumn  2019  xogo  now  provides  digital  signage  for  hundreds  and  hundreds  of  clients  around  the  globe,  from  corner  shops  to  the
__label__interactivedisplays worlds  leading  companies  in  various  sectors  including  retail,  hospitality,  manufacturing  and  more.  but  were  just  getting  started.  learn  more  about  how  xogo  came  to  be  and  where  were  going  next.  nonprofit  organizations  face  a  constant  challenge  to  do  more  with  less  running  lean  and  reducing  costs,  while  providing  value  to  members,  volunteers  and  the  community.  successful  nonprofits  leverage  technology  in  order  to  accomplish  their  objectives  at  minimal  cost;  in  the  case  of  digital  signage  and  communications,  that  means  leveraging  freemium  applications  like  xogo.  our  objective  at  xogo  is  to  make  digital  signage  elegant,  fun,  and  above  all,  easy  to  use.
__label__interactivedisplays thats  why  we  built  our  app  to  run  on  devices  that  you  already  use  everyday,  like  your  pc,  smart  phone  and  tablet.  but  we  didnt  stop  there.  retailing  at  just  99  usd,  the  xogo  mini  is  one  of  the  most  affordable  digital  signage  players  on  the  market.  but  what  if  your  organization  already  has  existing  hardware  or  needs  to  use  a  specific  operating  system?  our  xogo  player  app  is  available  for  windows  10,  chrome,  android  and  now  ,  so  there  are  literally  hundreds  of  compatible  computers,  tablets  and  tvs  on  the  market  that  can  be  transformed  into  digital  signs  simply
__label__interactivedisplays by  installing  our  app.  in  the  past  two  years,  manufacturers  around  the  world  have  begun  building  internetconnected  smart  tvs  that  run  on  the  android  operating  system  and  even  more  recently,  amazon  has  partnered  with  toshiba,  insignia  and  best  buy  in  order  to  offer  fire  tvpowered  televisions.  these  devices  make  it  easy  to  watch  your  favorite  movies  and  shows,  check  social  media  feeds  and  play  video  games.  but  they  also  make  incredible  digital  signs  major  cities  around  the  world  are  turning  to  digital  signage  as  a  method  of  communicating  with  residents  and  visitors.  no  longer  just  an  advertising  tool,  digital  signs
__label__interactivedisplays are  used  to  share  news  and  weather  info,  upcoming  events,  public  transit  information  and  even  emergency  messages.  xogo  makes  it  incredibly  easy  to  get  your  own  graphics  and  videos  playing  on  screens.  but  what  if  you  could  keep  your  content  fresh  without  having  to  hire  a  designer  or  agency?  were  very  proud  to  announce  a  partnership  with  two  exciting  online  content  providers,  screenfeed  andds  menu.  xogo  users  can  now  set  up  an  account  with  either  of  these  partners  and  in  a  few  quick  steps,  mix  online  content  into  any  xogo  playlist  along  with  their  own  graphics  and  videos.  schools  and
__label__interactivedisplays universities  often  need  to  convey  information  to  large  groups  of  people,  across  one  or  more  buildings  or  campuses.  in  the  past  this  meant  investing  large  sums  of  money  in  a  centralized  digital  signage  system  with  onpremise  servers,  expensive  media  player  pcs,  and  ongoing  user  training.  the  cost  and  complexity  of  these  systems  tended  to  put  them  out  of  reach  for  a  lot  of  organizations.  but  not  anymore.  introducing  xogo  decision  signage.  restaurants,  hotels,  coffee  shops  and  other  serviceindustry  businesses  face  a  similar  challenge.  they  aim  to  provide  guests  with  a  relaxing,  hightouch  experience  in  the  most  efficient  way  possible.  but
__label__interactivedisplays with  everchanging  menus,  specials  and  event  schedules,  it  can  be  difficult  to  ensure  that  all  of  your  customer  touchpoints  have  uptodate  information.  perhaps  the  best  way  to  stay  up  to  date  is  through  the  use  of  digital  signs.  retail  businesses  today  face  a  massive  challenge.  in  our  berconnected  world,  consumers  have  access  to  endless  shopping  choices.  comparing  prices  or  ordering  online  just  requires  a  quick  google  search.  in  fact,  80  percentage  of  shoppers  report  that  they  compare  prices  online  when  shopping  instore.  so  how  can  brickandmortar  retailers  continue  driving  sales  instore?  one  solution  is  to  bring  digital  experiences  into  the
__label__interactivedisplays physical  store.  creating  content  for  your  digital  signs  doesnt  need  to  be  difficult.  in  todays  tutorial  we  show  you  how  to  create  hdcontent  in  microsoft  powerpoint,  export  it  and  load  it  into  xogo  manager.  xogo  decision  signage  allows  businesses  of  all  sizes  to  quickly  and  easily  put  their  messaging  on  the  big  screen.  check  out  our  new  ad  spot  to  watch  xogo  bring  a  business  to  life  in  just  60  seconds.  browse  by  topic  or  keyword:
__label__interactivedisplays keyboardarrowleft  filterlist  openinnew  industry  leading  screenscape  makes  digital  signage  software  that  helps  businesses  connect  control  digital  displays  on  any  screen.  using  a  simple  plug  play  device,  screenscape  customers  can  turn  any  screen  into  a  digital  sign.  once  a  screen  is  connected  it  can  be  easily  updated,  monitored  managed  over  the  internet.  our  simple,  cost  effective  solution  is  designed  to  make  creating  managing  digital  signage  as  easy  as  possible.  book  your  free  demo  to  see  the  future  of  digital  signage.  industry  leading  screenscape  makes  digital  signage  software  that  helps  businesses  connect  control  digital  displays  on  any  screen.  using  a  simple  plug
__label__interactivedisplays play  device,  screenscape  customers  can  turn  any  screen  into  a  digital  sign.  once  a  screen  is  connected  it  can  be  easily  updated,  monitored  managed  over  the  internet.  our  simple,  cost  effective  solution  is  designed  to  make  creating  managing  digital  signage  as  easy  as  possible.  book  your  free  demo  to  see  the  future  of  digital  signage.  openinnew  elegant.  easy.  powerful.  digital  signage  should  look  good  and  work.  thats  why  google,  wework,  audi  and  thousands  of  companies  trust  enplug.  we  have  the  1  open  app  market,  so  you  get  tons  of  free  live  content  like  interactive  social  media,  templates,  dashboards,  news,  webpages,
__label__interactivedisplays and  more.  try  our  demo  and  see  for  yourself  elegant.  easy.  powerful.  digital  signage  should  look  good  and  work.  thats  why  google,  wework,  audi  and  thousands  of  companies  trust  enplug.  we  have  the  1  open  app  market,  so  you  get  tons  of  free  live  content  like  interactive  social  media,  templates,  dashboards,  news,  webpages,  and  more.  try  our  demo  and  see  for  yourself  openinnew  we  believe  communicating  the  right  message  at  the  right  time  has  the  power  to  motivate,  educate,  and  inspire.  we  help  companies  achieve  this  by  providing  a  digital  signage  solution  thats  easy  to  use,  packed  with  unique  apps,
__label__interactivedisplays and  backed  by  unlimited  support  and  expertise  from  a  team  of  passionate  and  knowledgeable  individuals.  with  pricing  starting  at  25/month  and  no  contracts,  its  no  wonder  why  companies  large  and  small  from  every  industry  stick  with  us  year  after  year.  schedule  a  demo  today.  we  believe  communicating  the  right  message  at  the  right  time  has  the  power  to  motivate,  educate,  and  inspire.  we  help  companies  achieve  this  by  providing  a  digital  signage  solution  thats  easy  to  use,  packed  with  unique  apps,  and  backed  by  unlimited  support  and  expertise  from  a  team  of  passionate  and  knowledgeable  individuals.  with  pricing  starting  at
__label__interactivedisplays 25/month  and  no  contracts,  its  no  wonder  why  companies  large  and  small  from  every  industry  stick  with  us  year  after  year.  schedule  a  demo  today.  openinnew  digital  signage  doesnt  have  to  be  complicated  or  expensive.  screencloud  lets  you  use  any  tv,  ipad  or  tablet  to  get  your  message  across  in  an  attractive  way.schedule,  manage  and  upload  content  to  your  screens  at  the  click  of  a  button,  all  from  your  browser.  easily  display  your  latest  offers,  share  company  news,  show  off  your  brands  social  media,  and  much  more.  digital  signage  doesnt  have  to  be  complicated  or  expensive.  screencloud  lets  you  use
__label__interactivedisplays any  tv,  ipad  or  tablet  to  get  your  message  across  in  an  attractive  way.schedule,  manage  and  upload  content  to  your  screens  at  the  click  of  a  button,  all  from  your  browser.  easily  display  your  latest  offers,  share  company  news,  show  off  your  brands  social  media,  and  much  more.  openinnew  trusted  by  thousands  of  clients  the  5  star  reviews  to  prove  it,  our  solution  is  so  easy  to  use  that  you  can  be  up  and  running  in  30  minutes  choose  from  our  100  apps  and  templates  to  show  schedules,  social  media,  videos,  weather,  traffic,  alerts  and  your  important  announcements.  prices  start
__label__interactivedisplays at  30/month  no  contracts  and  include  unlimited  support,  training  and  user  accounts.  our  signage  solution  is  perfect  for  clients  who  want  an  inexpensive,  easytouse  solution.  get  a  free  trial  now  trusted  by  thousands  of  clients  the  5  star  reviews  to  prove  it,  our  solution  is  so  easy  to  use  that  you  can  be  up  and  running  in  30  minutes  choose  from  our  100  apps  and  templates  to  show  schedules,  social  media,  videos,  weather,  traffic,  alerts  and  your  important  announcements.  prices  start  at  30/month  no  contracts  and  include  unlimited  support,  training  and  user  accounts.  our  signage  solution  is  perfect  for  clients
__label__interactivedisplays who  want  an  inexpensive,  easytouse  solution.  get  a  free  trial  now  openinnew  for  the  past  13  years,  fwi  has  been  the  industrys  leading  innovator  for  customers  seeking  an  enterprise  solution.  with  more  than  7,300  current  clients,  fwi  has  a  stellar  record  of  past  performance.  fwis  broad  experience  across  many  industries  is  a  true  differentiator  when  compared  to  our  competitors.  being  the  most  wellrounded  visual  communications  vendor  today  means  that  our  clients  can  take  advantage  of  the  best  practices  from  our  leadership  in  15  markets  and  35  countries.  for  the  past  13  years,  fwi  has  been  the  industrys  leading  innovator  for
__label__interactivedisplays customers  seeking  an  enterprise  solution.  with  more  than  7,300  current  clients,  fwi  has  a  stellar  record  of  past  performance.  fwis  broad  experience  across  many  industries  is  a  true  differentiator  when  compared  to  our  competitors.  being  the  most  wellrounded  visual  communications  vendor  today  means  that  our  clients  can  take  advantage  of  the  best  practices  from  our  leadership  in  15  markets  and  35  countries.  openinnew  10/mo.  turn  any  tv  into  a  digital  sign  and  manage  remotely  from  a  central  dashboard  for  half  the  price  of  leading  competitors.  supports  formats  ranging  from  images,  videos,  playlists,  google  slides,  weather,  instagram,  twitter,  and  gifs.  10/mo.
__label__interactivedisplays turn  any  tv  into  a  digital  sign  and  manage  remotely  from  a  central  dashboard  for  half  the  price  of  leading  competitors.  supports  formats  ranging  from  images,  videos,  playlists,  google  slides,  weather,  instagram,  twitter,  and  gifs.  openinnew  best  digital  signage  software  for  2019  with  over  150  data  integrations:  salesforce,  mysql,  google  analytics,  rest  api,  hubspot  and  more.  manage,  deploy  and  update  content  on  digital  signs,  video  walls,  and  kiosks.  show  company  news,  kpis,  ads,  alerts  and  more.  plans  include  a  onetime,  no  subscription  option  or  a  low  monthly  fee.  best  digital  signage  software  for  2019  with  over  150  data  integrations:  salesforce,
__label__interactivedisplays mysql,  google  analytics,  rest  api,  hubspot  and  more.  manage,  deploy  and  update  content  on  digital  signs,  video  walls,  and  kiosks.  show  company  news,  kpis,  ads,  alerts  and  more.  plans  include  a  onetime,  no  subscription  option  or  a  low  monthly  fee.  openinnew  connectedsign  specializes  in  employee  information  systems  and  corporate  communications.  we  provide  businessclass  digital  signage  solutions  that  allow  companies  to  integrate  with  live  data,  making  it  easy  to  linkto  and  display  kpis,  safety  and  other  information  inreal  time.  content  can  be  scheduled,  updated  and  managed  from  a  central  location.  we  assist  all  industries  and  our  services  include  project  planning/management,  training,
__label__interactivedisplays support,  dynamic  interactive  content  development  and  more  connectedsign  specializes  in  employee  information  systems  and  corporate  communications.  we  provide  businessclass  digital  signage  solutions  that  allow  companies  to  integrate  with  live  data,  making  it  easy  to  linkto  and  display  kpis,  safety  and  other  information  inreal  time.  content  can  be  scheduled,  updated  and  managed  from  a  central  location.  we  assist  all  industries  and  our  services  include  project  planning/management,  training,  support,  dynamic  interactive  content  development  and  more  openinnew  yodeck  is  an  unbeatably  easy  cloudbased  digital  signage  platform  that  powers  your  screen  with  dynamic  content  which  instantly  engages  your  target  viewers.with  yodeck  you  can  create,
__label__interactivedisplays design  and  schedule  content  easily  from  the  web,  no  matter  how  far  away  you  are  from  your  screens.  use  attentiongrabbing  media  like  videos,  images,  pdf  files,  office  docs,  data  dashboards  and  social  media  to  get  your  message  across  to  the  people  that  matter  most  to  your  business.  yodeck  is  an  unbeatably  easy  cloudbased  digital  signage  platform  that  powers  your  screen  with  dynamic  content  which  instantly  engages  your  target  viewers.with  yodeck  you  can  create,  design  and  schedule  content  easily  from  the  web,  no  matter  how  far  away  you  are  from  your  screens.  use  attentiongrabbing  media  like  videos,  images,  pdf  files,  office
