__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  any  mobile  device,  the  ability  to  navigate  in  its  environment  is  important.  avoiding  dangerous  situations  such  as  collisions  and  unsafe  conditions  temperature,  radiation,  exposure  to  weather,  etc.  comes  first,  but  if  the  robot  has  a  purpose  that  relates  to  specific  places  in  the  robot  environment,  it  must  find  those  places.this  article  will  present  an  overview  of  the  skill  of  navigation  and  try  to  identify  the  basic  blocks  of  a  robot  navigation  system,  types  of  navigation  systems,  and  closer  look  at  its  related  building  components.robot  navigation  means  the  robots  ability  to  determine  its  own  position  in  its  frame  of  reference
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  then  to  plan  a  path  towards  some  goal  location.  in  order  to  navigate  in  its  environment,  the  robot  or  any  other  mobility  device  requires  representation,  i.e.  a  map  of  the  environment  and  the  ability  to  interpret  that  representation.navigation  can  be  defined  as  the  combination  of  the  three  fundamental  competences:selflocalisationpath  planningmapbuilding  and  map  interpretationsome  robot  navigation  systems  are  capable  of  simultaneous  localization  and  mapping  based  on  3d  reconstructions  of  their  surroundings.robot  localization  denotes  the  robots  ability  to  establish  its  own  position  and  orientation  within  the  frame  of  reference.  path  planning  is  effectively  an  extension  of  localisation,  in  that  it  requires
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  determination  of  the  robots  current  position  and  a  position  of  a  goal  location,  both  within  the  same  frame  of  reference  or  coordinates.  map  building  can  be  in  the  shape  of  a  metric  map  or  any  notation  describing  locations  in  the  robot  frame  of  reference.  visionbased  navigation  visionbased  navigation  or  optical  navigation  uses  computer  vision  algorithms  and  optical  sensors,  including  laserbased  range  finder  and  photometric  cameras  using  ccd  arrays,  to  extract  the  visual  features  required  to  the  localization  in  the  surrounding  environment.  however,  there  are  a  range  of  techniques  for  navigation  and  localization  using  vision  information,  the  main  components  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy each  technique  are:representations  of  the  environment.sensing  models.localization  algorithms.in  order  to  give  an  overview  of  visionbased  navigation  and  its  techniques,  we  classify  these  techniques  under  indoor  navigation  and  outdoor  navigation.  indoor  navigation  the  easiest  way  of  making  a  robot  go  to  a  goal  location  is  simply  to  guide  it  to  this  location.  this  guidance  can  be  done  in  different  ways:  burying  an  inductive  loop  or  magnets  in  the  floor,  painting  lines  on  the  floor,  or  by  placing  beacons,  markers,  bar  codes  etc.  in  the  environment.  such  automated  guided  vehicles  agvs  are  used  in  industrial  scenarios  for  transportation  tasks.  indoor  navigation  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robots  are  possible  by  imu  based  indoor  positioning  devices.there  are  a  very  wider  variety  of  indoor  navigation  systems.  the  basic  reference  of  indoor  and  outdoor  navigation  systems  is  vision  for  mobile  robot  navigation:  a  survey  by  guilherme  n.  desouza  and  avinash  c.  kak.also  see  vision  based  positioning  and  avm  navigator.  outdoor  navigation  some  recent  outdoor  navigation  algorithms  are  based  on  convolutional  neural  network  and  machine  learning,  and  are  capable  of  accurate  turnbyturn  inference.  autonomous  flight  controllers  typical  open  source  autonomous  flight  controllers  have  the  ability  to  fly  in  full  automatic  mode  and  perform  the  following  operations;take  off  from  the  ground
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  fly  to  a  defined  altitudefly  to  one  or  more  waypointsorbit  around  a  designated  pointreturn  to  the  launch  positiondescend  at  a  specified  speed  and  land  the  aircraftthe  onboard  flight  controller  relies  on  gps  for  navigation  and  stabilized  flight,  and  often  employ  additional  satellitebased  augmentation  systems  sbas  and  altitude  barometric  pressure  sensor.  inertial  navigation  some  navigation  systems  for  airborne  robots  are  based  on  inertial  sensors.  acoustic  navigation  autonomous  underwater  vehicles  can  be  guided  by  underwater  acoustic  positioning  systems.  navigation  systems  using  sonar  have  also  been  developed.  radio  navigation  robots  can  also  determine  their  positions  using  radio  navigation.  see  also  neato  roboticsvehicular
__label__controloptimizationautonomy automation  references  desouza,  g.n.;  kak,  a.c.,  vision  for  mobile  robot  navigation:  a  survey,  in  ieee  transactions  on  pattern  analysis  and  machine  intelligence,  vol.24,  no.2,  pp.  237267,  feb  2002,  url:  https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tparnumber982903isnumber21179mobile  robot  navigation  jonathan  dixon,  oliver  henlich  10  june  1997  further  reading  becker,  m.  ;  dantas,  carolina  meirelles  ;  macedo,  weber  perdigo,  obstacle  avoidance  procedure  for  mobile  robots.  in:  paulo  eigi  miyagi;  oswaldo  horikawa;  emilia  villani.  org..  abcm  symposium  series  in  mechatronics,  volume  2.  1  ed.  so  paulo  sp:  abcm,  2006,  v.  2,  p.  250257.  isbn  9788585769260  external  links  line  tracking  sensors  for  robots  and  its  algorithms
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  selfdriving  car,  also  known  as  an  autonomous  vehicle  av,  connected  and  autonomous  vehicle  cav,  driverless  car,  robocar,  or  robotic  car,  is  a  vehicle  that  is  capable  of  sensing  its  environment  and  moving  safely  with  little  or  no  human  input.selfdriving  cars  combine  a  variety  of  sensors  to  perceive  their  surroundings,  such  as  radar,  lidar,  sonar,  gps,  odometry  and  inertial  measurement  units.  advanced  control  systems  interpret  sensory  information  to  identify  appropriate  navigation  paths,  as  well  as  obstacles  and  relevant  signage.long  distance  trucking  is  seen  as  being  at  the  forefront  of  adopting  and  implementing  the  technology.  history  experiments  have  been  conducted  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy automated  driving  systems  ads  since  at  least  the  1920s;  trials  began  in  the  1950s.  the  first  semiautomated  car  was  developed  in  1977,  by  japans  tsukuba  mechanical  engineering  laboratory,  which  required  specially  marked  streets  that  were  interpreted  by  two  cameras  on  the  vehicle  and  an  analog  computer.  the  vehicle  reached  speeds  up  to  30  kilometres  per  hour  19  mph  with  the  support  of  an  elevated  rail.the  first  truly  autonomous  cars  appeared  in  the  1980s,  with  carnegie  mellon  universitys  navlab  and  alv  projects  funded  by  the  united  states  defense  advanced  research  projects  agency  darpa  starting  in  1984  and  mercedesbenz  and  bundeswehr  university
__label__controloptimizationautonomy munichs  eureka  prometheus  project  in  1987.  by  1985,  the  alv  had  demonstrated  selfdriving  speeds  on  twolane  roads  of  31  kilometres  per  hour  19  mph  with  obstacle  avoidance  added  in  1986  and  offroad  driving  in  day  and  nighttime  conditions  by  1987.  a  major  milestone  was  achieved  in  1995,  with  cmus  navlab  5  completing  the  first  autonomous  coasttocoast  drive  of  the  united  states.  of  the  2,849  mi  4,585  km  between  pittsburgh,  pennsylvania  and  san  diego,  california,  2,797  mi  4,501  km  were  autonomous  98.2,  completed  with  an  average  speed  of  63.8  mph  102.7  km/h.  from  the  1960s  through  the  second  darpa  grand  challenge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  2005,  automated  vehicle  research  in  the  united  states  was  primarily  funded  by  darpa,  the  us  army,  and  the  us  navy,  yielding  incremental  advances  in  speeds,  driving  competence  in  more  complex  conditions,  controls,  and  sensor  systems.  companies  and  research  organizations  have  developed  prototypes.the  us  allocated  us650  million  in  1991  for  research  on  the  national  automated  highway  system,  which  demonstrated  automated  driving  through  a  combination  of  automation,  embedded  in  the  highway  with  automated  technology  in  vehicles  and  cooperative  networking  between  the  vehicles  and  with  the  highway  infrastructure.  the  program  concluded  with  a  successful  demonstration  in  1997  but  without  clear  direction  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy funding  to  implement  the  system  on  a  larger  scale.  partly  funded  by  the  national  automated  highway  system  and  darpa,  the  carnegie  mellon  university  navlab  drove  4,584  kilometres  2,848  mi  across  america  in  1995,  4,501  kilometres  2,797  mi  or  98  of  it  autonomously.  navlabs  record  achievement  stood  unmatched  for  two  decades  until  2015  when  delphi  improved  it  by  piloting  an  audi,  augmented  with  delphi  technology,  over  5,472  kilometres  3,400  mi  through  15  states  while  remaining  in  selfdriving  mode  99  of  the  time.  in  2015,  the  us  states  of  nevada,  florida,  california,  virginia,  and  michigan,  together  with  washington,  dc,  allowed  the  testing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  automated  cars  on  public  roads.from  2016  to  2018,  the  european  commission  funded  the  innovation  strategy  development  for  connected  and  automated  driving  through  the  coordination  actions  cartre  and  scout  .  moreover,  the  strategic  transport  research  and  innovation  agenda  stria  roadmap  for  connected  and  automated  transport  was  published  in  2019.in  2017,  audi  stated  that  its  latest  a8  would  be  automated  at  speeds  of  up  to  60  kilometres  per  hour  37  mph  using  its  audi  ai.  the  driver  would  not  have  to  do  safety  checks  such  as  frequently  gripping  the  steering  wheel.  the  audi  a8  was  claimed  to  be  the  first  production
__label__controloptimizationautonomy car  to  reach  level  3  automated  driving,  and  audi  would  be  the  first  manufacturer  to  use  laser  scanners  in  addition  to  cameras  and  ultrasonic  sensors  for  their  system.in  november  2017,  waymo  announced  that  it  had  begun  testing  driverless  cars  without  a  safety  driver  in  the  driver  position;  however,  there  was  still  an  employee  in  the  car.  in  october  2018,  waymo  announced  that  its  test  vehicles  had  traveled  in  automated  mode  for  over  10,000,000  miles  16,000,000  km,  increasing  by  about  1,000,000  miles  1,600,000  kilometres  per  month.  in  december  2018,  waymo  was  the  first  to  commercialize  a  fully  autonomous  taxi  service  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  usastars  institute  for  infocomm  research  i2r  has  developed  a  selfdriving  vehicle  which  was  the  first  to  be  approved  in  singapore  for  public  road  testing  at  onenorth  in  july  2015.  it  has  ferried  several  dignitaries  such  as  prime  minister  lee  hsien  loong,  minister  s.  iswaran,  minister  vivian  balakrishnan,  and  several  ministers  from  other  countries.  definitions  there  is  some  inconsistency  in  the  terminology  used  in  the  selfdriving  car  industry.  various  organizations  have  proposed  to  define  an  accurate  and  consistent  vocabulary.such  confusion  has  been  documented  in  sae  j3016  which  states  that  some  vernacular  usages  associate  autonomous  specifically  with  full  driving  automation  level
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 5,  while  other  usages  apply  it  to  all  levels  of  driving  automation,  and  some  state  legislation  has  defined  it  to  correspond  approximately  to  any  ads  automated  driving  system  at  or  above  level  3  or  to  any  vehicle  equipped  with  such  an  ads.  words  definition  and  safety  considerations  modern  vehicles  provide  partly  automated  features  such  as  keeping  the  car  within  its  lane,  speed  controls  or  emergency  braking.  nonetheless,  differences  remain  between  a  fully  autonomous  selfdriving  car  on  one  hand  and  driver  assistance  technologies  on  the  other  hand.  according  to  the  bbc,  confusion  between  those  concepts  leads  to  deaths.the  association  of  british
__label__controloptimizationautonomy insurers  considers  the  usage  of  the  word  autonomous  in  marketing  for  modern  cars  to  be  dangerous  because  car  ads  make  motorists  think  autonomous  and  autopilot  means  a  vehicle  can  drive  itself  when  they  still  rely  on  the  driver  to  ensure  safety.  technology  alone  still  is  not  able  to  drive  the  car.when  some  car  makers  suggest  or  claim  vehicles  are  selfdriving,  when  they  are  only  partly  automated,  drivers  risk  becoming  excessively  confident,  leading  to  crashes,  while  fully  selfdriving  cars  are  still  a  long  way  off  in  the  uk.  autonomous  vs.  automated  autonomous  means  selfgoverning.  many  historical  projects  related  to  vehicle  automation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  been  automated  made  automatic  subject  to  a  heavy  reliance  on  artificial  aids  in  their  environment,  such  as  magnetic  strips.  autonomous  control  implies  satisfactory  performance  under  significant  uncertainties  in  the  environment  and  the  ability  to  compensate  for  system  failures  without  external  intervention.one  approach  is  to  implement  communication  networks  both  in  the  immediate  vicinity  for  collision  avoidance  and  farther  away  for  congestion  management.  such  outside  influences  in  the  decision  process  reduce  an  individual  vehicles  autonomy,  while  still  not  requiring  human  intervention.wood  et  al.  2012  wrote,  this  article  generally  uses  the  term  autonomous,  instead  of  the  term  automated.  the  term  autonomous  was
__label__controloptimizationautonomy chosen  because  it  is  the  term  that  is  currently  in  more  widespread  use  and  thus  is  more  familiar  to  the  general  public.  however,  the  latter  term  is  arguably  more  accurate.  automated  connotes  control  or  operation  by  a  machine,  while  autonomous  connotes  acting  alone  or  independently.  most  of  the  vehicle  concepts  that  we  are  currently  aware  of  have  a  person  in  the  drivers  seat,  utilize  a  communication  connection  to  the  cloud  or  other  vehicles,  and  do  not  independently  select  either  destinations  or  routes  for  reaching  them.  thus,  the  term  automated  would  more  accurately  describe  these  vehicle  concepts.  as  of  2017,  most
__label__controloptimizationautonomy commercial  projects  focused  on  automated  vehicles  that  did  not  communicate  with  other  vehicles  or  with  an  enveloping  management  regime.euroncap  defines  autonomous  in  autonomous  emergency  braking  as:  the  system  acts  independently  of  the  driver  to  avoid  or  mitigate  the  accident.  which  implies  the  autonomous  system  is  not  the  driver.  autonomous  versus  cooperative  to  enable  a  car  to  travel  without  any  driver  embedded  within  the  vehicle,  some  companies  use  a  remote  driver.according  to  sae  j3016,  some  driving  automation  systems  may  indeed  be  autonomous  if  they  perform  all  of  their  functions  independently  and  selfsufficiently,  but  if  they  depend  on  communication  and/or  cooperation  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy outside  entities,  they  should  be  considered  cooperative  rather  than  autonomous.  selfdriving  car  pc  magazine  defines  a  selfdriving  car  as  a  computercontrolled  car  that  drives  itself.  the  union  of  concerned  scientists  states  that  selfdriving  cars  are  cars  or  trucks  in  which  human  drivers  are  never  required  to  take  control  to  safely  operate  the  vehicle.  also  known  as  autonomous  or  driverless  cars,  they  combine  sensors  and  software  to  control,  navigate,  and  drive  the  vehicle.  classification  a  classification  system  based  on  six  different  levels  ranging  from  fully  manual  to  fully  automated  systems  was  published  in  2014  by  sae  international,  an  automotive  standardization  body,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  j3016,  taxonomy  and  definitions  for  terms  related  to  onroad  motor  vehicle  automated  driving  systems.  this  classification  system  is  based  on  the  amount  of  driver  intervention  and  attentiveness  required,  rather  than  the  vehicle  capabilities,  although  these  are  very  loosely  related.  in  the  united  states  in  2013,  the  national  highway  traffic  safety  administration  nhtsa  released  a  formal  classification  system,  but  abandoned  this  system  in  favor  of  the  sae  standard  in  2016.  also  in  2016,  sae  updated  its  classification,  called  j3016201609.  levels  of  driving  automation  in  saes  automation  level  definitions,  driving  mode  means  a  type  of  driving  scenario  with  characteristic  dynamic  driving
__label__controloptimizationautonomy task  requirements  e.g.,  expressway  merging,  high  speed  cruising,  low  speed  traffic  jam,  closedcampus  operations,  etc.level  0:  automated  system  issues  warnings  and  may  momentarily  intervene  but  has  no  sustained  vehicle  control.level  1  hands  on:  the  driver  and  the  automated  system  share  control  of  the  vehicle.  examples  are  systems  where  the  driver  controls  steering  and  the  automated  system  controls  engine  power  to  maintain  a  set  speed  cruise  control  or  engine  and  brake  power  to  maintain  and  vary  speed  adaptive  cruise  control  or  acc;  and  parking  assistance,  where  steering  is  automated  while  speed  is  under  manual  control.  the  driver  must  be  ready  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy retake  full  control  at  any  time.  lane  keeping  assistance  lka  type  ii  is  a  further  example  of  level  1  selfdriving.  the  automatic  emergency  braking  alerts  the  driver  to  a  crash  and  permits  full  braking  capacity  is  also  a  level  1  feature.level  2  hands  off:  the  automated  system  takes  full  control  of  the  vehicle  accelerating,  braking,  and  steering.  the  driver  must  monitor  the  driving  and  be  prepared  to  intervene  immediately  at  any  time  if  the  automated  system  fails  to  respond  properly.  the  shorthand  hands  off  is  not  meant  to  be  taken  literally.  in  fact,  contact  between  hand  and  wheel  is  often
__label__controloptimizationautonomy mandatory  during  sae  2  driving,  to  confirm  that  the  driver  is  ready  to  intervene.level  3  eyes  off:  the  driver  can  safely  turn  their  attention  away  from  the  driving  tasks,  e.g.  the  driver  can  text  or  watch  a  movie.  the  vehicle  will  handle  situations  that  call  for  an  immediate  response,  like  emergency  braking.  the  driver  must  still  be  prepared  to  intervene  within  some  limited  time,  specified  by  the  manufacturer,  when  called  upon  by  the  vehicle  to  do  so.level  4  mind  off:  as  level  3,  but  no  driver  attention  is  ever  required  for  safety,  e.g.  the  driver  may  safely  go  to  sleep
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  leave  the  drivers  seat.  selfdriving  is  supported  only  in  limited  spatial  areas  geofenced  or  under  special  circumstances.  outside  of  these  areas  or  circumstances,  the  vehicle  must  be  able  to  safely  abort  the  trip,  e.g.  park  the  car,  if  the  driver  does  not  retake  control.level  5  steering  wheel  optional:  no  human  intervention  is  required  at  all.  an  example  would  be  a  robotic  taxi.in  the  formal  sae  definition  below,  note  in  particular  what  happens  in  the  shift  from  sae  2  to  sae  3:  the  human  driver  no  longer  has  to  monitor  the  environment.  this  is  the  final  aspect  of  the  dynamic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driving  task  that  is  now  passed  over  from  the  human  to  the  automated  system.  at  sae  3,  the  human  driver  still  has  the  responsibility  to  intervene  when  asked  to  do  so  by  the  automated  system.  at  sae  4  the  human  driver  is  relieved  of  that  responsibility  and  at  sae  5  the  automated  system  will  never  need  to  ask  for  an  intervention.  legal  definition  in  washington,  dcs  district  code:  autonomous  vehicle  means  a  vehicle  capable  of  navigating  district  roadways  and  interpreting  trafficcontrol  devices  without  a  driver  actively  operating  any  of  the  vehicles  control  systems.  the  term  autonomous  vehicle  excludes  a  motor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicle  enabled  with  active  safety  systems  or  driver  assistance  systems,  including  systems  to  provide  electronic  blindspot  assistance,  crash  avoidance,  emergency  braking,  parking  assistance,  adaptive  cruise  control,  lanekeep  assistance,  lanedeparture  warning,  or  trafficjam  and  queuing  assistance,  unless  the  system  alone  or  in  combination  with  other  systems  enables  the  vehicle  on  which  the  technology  is  installed  to  drive  without  active  control  or  monitoring  by  a  human  operator.in  the  same  district  code,  it  is  considered  that:an  autonomous  vehicle  may  operate  on  a  public  roadway;  provided,  that  the  vehicle:1  has  a  manual  override  feature  that  allows  a  driver  to  assume  control  of  the  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicle  at  any  time;2  has  a  driver  seated  in  the  control  seat  of  the  vehicle  while  in  operation  who  is  prepared  to  take  control  of  the  autonomous  vehicle  at  any  moment;  and3  is  capable  of  operating  in  compliance  with  the  districts  applicable  traffic  laws  and  motor  vehicle  laws  and  traffic  control  devices.  semiautomated  vehicles  between  manually  driven  vehicles  sae  level  0  and  fully  autonomous  vehicles  sae  level  5,  there  are  a  variety  of  vehicle  types  that  can  be  described  to  have  some  degree  of  automation.  these  are  collectively  known  as  semiautomated  vehicles.  as  it  could  be  a  while  before  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  and  infrastructure  are  developed  for  full  automation,  it  is  likely  that  vehicles  will  have  increasing  levels  of  automation.  these  semiautomated  vehicles  could  potentially  harness  many  of  the  advantages  of  fully  automated  vehicles,  while  still  keeping  the  driver  in  charge  of  the  vehicle.  technical  challenges  there  are  different  systems  that  help  the  selfdriving  car  control  the  car.  systems  that  need  improvement  include  the  car  navigation  system,  the  location  system,  the  electronic  map,  the  map  matching,  the  global  path  planning,  the  environment  perception,  the  laser  perception,  the  radar  perception,  the  visual  perception,  the  vehicle  control,  the  perception  of  vehicle  speed  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy direction,  and  the  vehicle  control  method.the  challenge  for  driverless  car  designers  is  to  produce  control  systems  capable  of  analyzing  sensory  data  in  order  to  provide  accurate  detection  of  other  vehicles  and  the  road  ahead.  modern  selfdriving  cars  generally  use  bayesian  simultaneous  localization  and  mapping  slam  algorithms,  which  fuse  data  from  multiple  sensors  and  an  offline  map  into  current  location  estimates  and  map  updates.  waymo  has  developed  a  variant  of  slam  with  detection  and  tracking  of  other  moving  objects  datmo,  which  also  handles  obstacles  such  as  cars  and  pedestrians.  simpler  systems  may  use  roadside  realtime  locating  system  rtls  technologies  to  aid
__label__controloptimizationautonomy localization.  typical  sensors  include  lidar,  stereo  vision,  gps  and  imu.  control  systems  on  automated  cars  may  use  sensor  fusion,  which  is  an  approach  that  integrates  information  from  a  variety  of  sensors  on  the  car  to  produce  a  more  consistent,  accurate,  and  useful  view  of  the  environment.  heavy  rainfall,  hail,  or  snow  could  impede  the  car  sensors.driverless  vehicles  require  some  form  of  machine  vision  for  the  purpose  of  visual  object  recognition.  automated  cars  are  being  developed  with  deep  neural  networks,  a  type  of  deep  learning  architecture  with  many  computational  stages,  or  levels,  in  which  neurons  are  simulated  from  the  environment  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy activate  the  network.  the  neural  network  depends  on  an  extensive  amount  of  data  extracted  from  reallife  driving  scenarios,  enabling  the  neural  network  to  learn  how  to  execute  the  best  course  of  action.in  may  2018,  researchers  from  the  massachusetts  institute  of  technology  announced  that  they  had  built  an  automated  car  that  can  navigate  unmapped  roads.  researchers  at  their  computer  science  and  artificial  intelligence  laboratory  csail  have  developed  a  new  system,  called  maplite,  which  allows  selfdriving  cars  to  drive  on  roads  that  they  have  never  been  on  before,  without  using  3d  maps.  the  system  combines  the  gps  position  of  the  vehicle,  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sparse  topological  map  such  as  openstreetmap,  i.e.  having  2d  features  of  the  roads  only,  and  a  series  of  sensors  that  observe  the  road  conditions.  nature  of  the  digital  technology  autonomous  vehicles,  as  digital  technology,  have  certain  characteristics  that  distinguish  them  from  other  types  of  technologies  and  vehicles.  due  to  these  characteristics,  autonomous  vehicles  are  able  to  be  more  transformative  and  agile  to  possible  changes.  the  characteristics  will  be  explained  based  on  the  following  subjects:  homogenization  and  decoupling,  connectivity,  reprogrammable  and  smart,  digital  traces  and  modularity.  homogenization  and  decoupling  homogenization  comes  from  the  fact  that  all  digital  information  assumes  the  same
__label__controloptimizationautonomy form.  during  the  ongoing  evolution  of  the  digital  era,  certain  industry  standards  have  been  developed  on  how  to  store  digital  information  and  in  what  type  of  format.  this  concept  of  homogenization  also  applies  to  autonomous  vehicles.  in  order  for  autonomous  vehicles  to  perceive  their  surroundings,  they  have  to  use  different  techniques  each  with  their  own  accompanying  digital  information  e.g.  radar,  gps,  motion  sensors  and  computer  vision.  due  to  homogenization,  the  digital  information  from  these  different  techniques  is  stored  in  a  homogeneous  way.  this  implies  that  all  digital  information  comes  in  the  same  form,  which  means  their  differences  are  decoupled,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy digital  information  can  be  transmitted,  stored  and  computed  in  a  way  that  the  vehicles  and  its  operating  system  can  better  understand  and  act  upon  it.  homogenization  also  helps  to  exponentially  increase  the  computing  power  of  hard  and  software  moores  law  which  also  supports  the  autonomous  vehicles  to  understand  and  act  upon  the  digital  information  in  a  more  costeffective  way,  therefore  lowering  the  marginal  costs.;  connectivity  connectivity  means  that  users  of  a  certain  digital  technology  can  connect  easily  with  other  users,  other  applications  or  even  other  enterprises.  in  the  case  of  autonomous  vehicles,  it  is  essential  for  them  to  connect  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy other  devices  in  order  to  function  most  effectively.  autonomous  vehicles  are  equipped  with  communication  systems  which  allow  them  to  communicate  with  other  autonomous  vehicles  and  roadside  units  to  provide  them,  amongst  other  things,  with  information  about  road  work  or  traffic  congestion.  in  addition,  scientists  believe  that  the  future  will  have  computer  programs  that  connect  and  manage  each  individual  autonomous  vehicle  as  it  navigates  through  an  intersection.  this  type  of  connectivity  must  replace  traffic  lights  and  stop  signs.  these  types  of  characteristics  drive  and  further  develop  the  ability  of  autonomous  vehicles  to  understand  and  cooperate  with  other  products  and  services  such
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  intersection  computer  systems  in  the  autonomous  vehicles  market.  this  could  lead  to  a  network  of  autonomous  vehicles  all  using  the  same  network  and  information  available  on  that  network.  eventually,  this  can  lead  to  more  autonomous  vehicles  using  the  network  because  the  information  has  been  validated  through  the  usage  of  other  autonomous  vehicles.  such  movements  will  strengthen  the  value  of  the  network  and  is  called  network  externalities.;  reprogrammable  another  characteristic  of  autonomous  vehicles  is  that  the  core  product  will  have  a  greater  emphasis  on  the  software  and  its  possibilities,  instead  of  the  chassis  and  its  engine.  this  is  because  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicles  have  software  systems  that  drive  the  vehicle  meaning  that  updates  through  reprogramming  or  editing  the  software  can  enhance  the  benefits  of  the  owner  e.g.  update  in  better  distinguishing  blind  person  vs.  nonblind  person  so  that  the  vehicle  will  take  extra  caution  when  approaching  a  blind  person.  a  characteristic  of  this  reprogrammable  part  of  autonomous  vehicles  is  that  the  updates  need  not  only  to  come  from  the  supplier,  because  through  machine  learning,  smart  autonomous  vehicles  can  generate  certain  updates  and  install  them  accordingly  e.g.  new  navigation  maps  or  new  intersection  computer  systems.  these  reprogrammable  characteristics  of  the  digital  technology  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  possibility  of  smart  machine  learning  give  manufacturers  of  autonomous  vehicles  the  opportunity  to  differentiate  themselves  on  software.  this  also  implies  that  autonomous  vehicles  are  never  finished  because  the  product  can  continuously  be  improved.  digital  traces  autonomous  vehicles  are  equipped  with  different  sorts  of  sensors  and  radars.  as  said,  this  allows  them  to  connect  and  interoperate  with  computers  from  other  autonomous  vehicles  and/or  roadside  units.  this  implies  that  autonomous  vehicles  leave  digital  traces  when  they  connect  or  interoperate.  the  data  that  comes  from  these  digital  traces  can  be  used  to  develop  new  to  be  determined  products  or  updates  to  enhance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  vehicles  driving  ability  or  safety.  modularity  traditional  vehicles  and  their  accompanying  technologies  are  manufactured  as  a  product  that  will  be  complete,  and  unlike  autonomous  vehicles,  they  can  only  be  improved  if  they  are  redesigned  or  reproduced.  as  said,  autonomous  vehicles  are  produced  but  due  to  their  digital  characteristics  never  finished.  this  is  because  autonomous  vehicles  are  more  modular  since  they  are  made  up  out  of  several  modules  which  will  be  explained  hereafter  through  a  layered  modular  architecture.  the  layered  modular  architecture  extends  the  architecture  of  purely  physical  vehicles  by  incorporating  four  loosely  coupled  layers  of  devices,  networks,  services  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy contents  into  autonomous  vehicles.  these  loosely  coupled  layers  can  interact  through  certain  standardized  interfaces.1  the  first  layer  of  this  architecture  consists  of  the  device  layer.  this  layer  consists  of  the  following  two  parts:  logical  capability  and  physical  machinery.  the  physical  machinery  refers  to  the  actual  vehicle  itself  e.g.  chassis  and  carrosserie.  when  it  comes  to  digital  technologies,  the  physical  machinery  is  accompanied  by  a  logical  capability  layer  in  the  form  of  operating  systems  that  helps  to  guide  the  vehicles  itself  and  make  it  autonomous.  the  logical  capability  provides  control  over  the  vehicle  and  connects  it  with  the  other  layers.;2  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy top  of  the  device  layer  comes  the  network  layer.  this  layer  also  consists  of  two  different  parts:  physical  transport  and  logical  transmission.  the  physical  transport  layer  refers  to  the  radars,  sensors  and  cables  of  the  autonomous  vehicles  which  enable  the  transmission  of  digital  information.  next  to  that,  the  network  layer  of  autonomous  vehicles  also  has  a  logical  transmission  which  contains  communication  protocols  and  network  standard  to  communicate  the  digital  information  with  other  networks  and  platforms  or  between  layers.  this  increases  the  accessibility  of  the  autonomous  vehicles  and  enables  the  computational  power  of  a  network  or  platform.;3  the  service  layer  contains
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  applications  and  their  functionalities  that  serves  the  autonomous  vehicle  and  its  owners  as  they  extract,  create,  store  and  consume  content  with  regards  to  their  own  driving  history,  traffic  congestion,  roads  or  parking  abilities  for  example.;  and4  the  final  layer  of  the  model  is  the  contents  layer.  this  layer  contains  the  sounds,  images  and  videos.  the  autonomous  vehicles  store,  extract  and  use  to  act  upon  and  improve  their  driving  and  understanding  of  the  environment.  the  contents  layer  also  provides  metadata  and  directory  information  about  the  contents  origin,  ownership,  copyright,  encoding  methods,  content  tags,  geotime  stamps,  and  so  on  yoo  et
__label__controloptimizationautonomy al.,  2010.the  consequence  of  layered  modular  architecture  of  autonomous  vehicles  and  other  digital  technologies  is  that  it  enables  the  emergence  and  development  of  platforms  and  ecosystems  around  a  product  and/or  certain  modules  of  that  product.  traditionally,  automotive  vehicles  were  developed,  manufactured  and  maintained  by  traditional  manufacturers.  nowadays  app  developers  and  content  creators  can  help  to  develop  more  comprehensive  product  experience  for  the  consumers  which  creates  a  platform  around  the  product  of  autonomous  vehicles.  human  factor  challenges  selfdriving  cars  are  already  exploring  the  difficulties  of  determining  the  intentions  of  pedestrians,  bicyclists,  and  animals,  and  models  of  behavior  must  be  programmed  into
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driving  algorithms.  human  road  users  also  have  the  challenge  of  determining  the  intentions  of  autonomous  vehicles,  where  there  is  no  driver  with  which  to  make  eye  contact  or  exchange  hand  signals.  drive.ai  is  testing  a  solution  to  this  problem  that  involves  led  signs  mounted  on  the  outside  of  the  vehicle,  announcing  status  such  as  going  now,  dont  cross  vs.  waiting  for  you  to  cross.two  humanfactor  challenges  are  important  for  safety.  one  is  the  handoff  from  automated  driving  to  manual  driving,  which  may  become  necessary  due  to  unfavorable  or  unusual  road  conditions,  or  if  the  vehicle  has  limited  capabilities.  a  sudden
__label__controloptimizationautonomy handoff  could  leave  a  human  driver  dangerously  unprepared  in  the  moment.  in  the  long  term,  humans  who  have  less  practice  at  driving  might  have  a  lower  skill  level  and  thus  be  more  dangerous  in  manual  mode.  the  second  challenge  is  known  as  risk  compensation:  as  a  system  is  perceived  to  be  safer,  instead  of  benefiting  entirely  from  all  of  the  increased  safety,  people  engage  in  riskier  behavior  and  enjoy  other  benefits.  semiautomated  cars  have  been  shown  to  suffer  from  this  problem,  for  example  with  users  of  tesla  autopilot  ignoring  the  road  and  using  electronic  devices  or  other  activities  against  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advice  of  the  company  that  the  car  is  not  capable  of  being  completely  autonomous.  in  the  near  future,  pedestrians  and  bicyclists  may  travel  in  the  street  in  a  riskier  fashion  if  they  believe  selfdriving  cars  are  capable  of  avoiding  them.in  order  for  people  to  buy  selfdriving  cars  and  vote  for  the  government  to  allow  them  on  roads,  the  technology  must  be  trusted  as  safe.  selfdriving  elevators  were  invented  in  1900,  but  the  high  number  of  people  refusing  to  use  them  slowed  adoption  for  several  decades  until  operator  strikes  increased  demand  and  trust  was  built  with  advertising  and  features  like  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy emergency  stop  button.  testing  the  testing  of  vehicles  with  varying  degrees  of  automation  can  be  carried  out  either  physically,  in  a  closed  environment  or,  where  permitted,  on  public  roads  typically  requiring  a  license  or  permit,  or  adhering  to  a  specific  set  of  operating  principles,  or  in  a  virtual  environment,  i.e.  using  computer  simulations.when  driven  on  public  roads,  automated  vehicles  require  a  person  to  monitor  their  proper  operation  and  take  over  when  needed.  for  example,  new  york  state  has  strict  requirements  for  the  test  driver,  such  that  the  vehicle  can  be  corrected  at  all  times  by  a  licensed  operator;  highlighted  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cardian  cube  companys  application  and  discussions  with  new  york  state  officials  and  the  nys  dmv.apple  is  testing  selfdriving  cars,  and  has  increased  its  fleet  of  test  vehicles  from  three  in  april  2017,  to  27  in  january  2018,  and  45  by  march  2018.russian  internetcompany  yandex  started  to  develop  selfdriving  cars  in  2016.  in  february  2018,  they  tested  the  prototype  of  an  unmanned  taxi  on  the  streets  of  moscow.  in  june  2018,  a  yandex  selfdriving  vehicle  completed  a  485mile  780  km  trip  on  a  federal  highway  from  moscow  to  kazan,  staying  in  autonomous  mode  for  99  of  the  time.  in  august  2018,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy yandextaxi  began  working  with  selfdriving  cars  in  the  russian  town  of  innopolis,  and  they  plan  to  operate  two  unmanned  vehicles  with  five  stops  within  the  town.  in  las  vegas  in  january  2019,  yandex  tested  an  unmanned  vehicle  for  the  first  time  outside  russia.  testing  continued  during  the  international  consumer  electronics  show  between  8  and  11  january.  yandex  received  permission  from  the  israeli  ministry  of  transport  to  test  the  companys  unmanned  vehicle  on  the  public  roads  in  2019.the  progress  of  automated  vehicles  can  be  assessed  by  computing  the  average  distance  driven  between  disengagements,  when  the  automated  system  is  switched  off,  typically
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  the  intervention  of  a  human  driver.  in  2017,  waymo  reported  63  disengagements  over  352,545  miles  567,366  km  of  testing,  an  average  distance  of  5,596  miles  9,006  km  between  disengagements,  the  highest  among  companies  reporting  such  figures.  waymo  also  traveled  a  greater  total  distance  than  any  of  the  other  companies.  their  2017  rate  of  0.18  disengagements  per  1,000  miles  1,600  km  was  an  improvement  over  the  0.2  disengagements  per  1,000  miles  1,600  km  in  2016,  and  0.8  in  2015.  in  march  2017,  uber  reported  an  average  of  just  0.67  miles  1.08  km  per  disengagement.  in  the  final  three  months  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 2017,  cruise  now  owned  by  gm  averaged  5,224  miles  8,407  km  per  disengagement  over  a  total  distance  of  62,689  miles  100,888  km.  in  july  2018,  the  first  electric  driverless  racing  car,  robocar,  completed  a  1.8kilometer  track,  using  its  navigation  system  and  artificial  intelligence.  fields  of  application  autonomous  trucks  and  vans  companies  such  as  otto  and  starsky  robotics  have  focused  on  autonomous  trucks.  automation  of  trucks  is  important,  not  only  due  to  the  improved  safety  aspects  of  these  very  heavy  vehicles,  but  also  due  to  the  ability  of  fuel  savings  through  platooning.autonomous  vans  are  being  used  by  online  grocers  such  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ocado.  transport  systems  in  europe,  cities  in  belgium,  france,  italy  and  the  uk  are  planning  to  operate  transport  systems  for  automated  cars,  and  germany,  the  netherlands,  and  spain  have  allowed  public  testing  in  traffic.  in  2015,  the  uk  launched  public  trials  of  the  lutz  pathfinder  automated  pod  in  milton  keynes.  beginning  in  summer  2015,  the  french  government  allowed  psa  peugeotcitroen  to  make  trials  in  real  conditions  in  the  paris  area.  the  experiments  were  planned  to  be  extended  to  other  cities  such  as  bordeaux  and  strasbourg  by  2016.  the  alliance  between  french  companies  thales  and  valeo  provider  of  the  first  selfparking
__label__controloptimizationautonomy car  system  that  equips  audi  and  mercedes  premi  is  testing  its  own  system.  new  zealand  is  planning  to  use  automated  vehicles  for  public  transport  in  tauranga  and  christchurch.in  china,  baidu  and  king  long  produce  automated  minibus,  a  vehicle  with  14  seats,  but  without  driving  seat.  with  100  vehicles  produced,  2018  will  be  the  first  year  with  commercial  automated  service  in  china.  potential  advantages  safety  driving  safety  experts  predict  that  once  driverless  technology  has  been  fully  developed,  traffic  collisions  and  resulting  deaths  and  injuries  and  costs,  caused  by  human  error,  such  as  delayed  reaction  time,  tailgating,  rubbernecking,  and  other  forms  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy distracted  or  aggressive  driving  should  be  substantially  reduced.  consulting  firm  mckinsey  company  estimated  that  widespread  use  of  autonomous  vehicles  could  eliminate  90  of  all  auto  accidents  in  the  united  states,  prevent  up  to  us190  billion  in  damages  and  healthcosts  annually  and  save  thousands  of  lives.according  to  motorist  website  thedrive.com  operated  by  time  magazine,  none  of  the  driving  safety  experts  they  were  able  to  contact  were  able  to  rank  driving  under  an  autopilot  system  at  the  time  2017  as  having  achieved  a  greater  level  of  safety  than  traditional  fully  handson  driving,  so  the  degree  to  which  these  benefits  asserted  by  proponents
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  manifest  in  practice  cannot  be  assessed.  confounding  factors  that  could  reduce  the  net  effect  on  safety  may  include  unexpected  interactions  between  humans  and  partly  or  fully  automated  vehicles,  or  between  different  types  of  vehicle  system;  complications  at  the  boundaries  of  functionality  at  each  automation  level  such  as  handover  when  the  vehicle  reaches  the  limit  of  its  capacity;  the  effect  of  the  bugs  and  flaws  that  inevitably  occur  in  complex  interdependent  software  systems;  sensor  or  data  shortcomings;  and  successful  compromise  by  malicious  interveners.to  help  reduce  the  possibility  of  these  confounding  factors,  some  companies  have  begun  to  opensource  parts  of  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driverless  systems.  udacity  for  instance  is  developing  an  opensource  software  stack,  and  some  companies  are  having  similar  approaches.  welfare  automated  cars  could  reduce  labor  costs;  relieve  travelers  from  driving  and  navigation  chores,  thereby  replacing  behindthewheel  commuting  hours  with  more  time  for  leisure  or  work;  and  also  would  lift  constraints  on  occupant  ability  to  drive,  distracted  and  texting  while  driving,  intoxicated,  prone  to  seizures,  or  otherwise  impaired.  for  the  young,  the  elderly,  people  with  disabilities,  and  lowincome  citizens,  automated  cars  could  provide  enhanced  mobility.  the  removal  of  the  steering  wheelalong  with  the  remaining  driver  interface  and  the  requirement  for  any  occupant
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  assume  a  forwardfacing  positionwould  give  the  interior  of  the  cabin  greater  ergonomic  flexibility.  large  vehicles,  such  as  motorhomes,  would  attain  appreciably  enhanced  ease  of  use.  traffic  additional  advantages  could  include  higher  speed  limits;  smoother  rides;  and  increased  roadway  capacity;  and  minimized  traffic  congestion,  due  to  decreased  need  for  safety  gaps  and  higher  speeds.  currently,  maximum  controlledaccess  highway  throughput  or  capacity  according  to  the  us  highway  capacity  manual  is  about  2,200  passenger  vehicles  per  hour  per  lane,  with  about  5  of  the  available  road  space  is  taken  up  by  cars.  one  study  estimated  that  automated  cars  could  increase  capacity  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 273  8,200  cars  per  hour  per  lane.  the  study  also  estimated  that  with  100  connected  vehicles  using  vehicletovehicle  communication,  capacity  could  reach  12,000  passenger  vehicles  per  hour  up  545  from  2,200  pc/h  per  lane  traveling  safely  at  120  km/h  75  mph  with  a  following  gap  of  about  6  m  20  ft  of  each  other.  human  drivers  at  highway  speeds  keep  between  40  to  50  m  130  to  160  ft  away  from  the  vehicle  in  front.  these  increases  in  highway  capacity  could  have  a  significant  impact  in  traffic  congestion,  particularly  in  urban  areas,  and  even  effectively  end  highway  congestion  in  some
__label__controloptimizationautonomy places.  the  ability  for  authorities  to  manage  traffic  flow  would  increase,  given  the  extra  data  and  driving  behavior  predictability  combined  with  less  need  for  traffic  police  and  even  road  signage.  lower  costs  safer  driving  is  expected  to  reduce  the  costs  of  vehicle  insurance.  energy  and  environmental  impacts  vehicle  automation  can  improve  fuel  economy  of  the  car  by  optimizing  the  drive  cycle.  reduced  traffic  congestion  and  the  improvements  in  traffic  flow  due  to  widespread  use  of  automated  cars  will  translate  into  higher  fuel  efficiency.  additionally,  selfdriving  cars  will  be  able  to  accelerate  and  brake  more  efficiently,  meaning  higher  fuel  economy  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reducing  wasted  energy  typically  associated  with  inefficient  changes  to  speed.  however,  the  improvement  in  vehicle  energy  efficiency  does  not  necessarily  translate  to  net  reduction  in  energy  consumption  and  positive  environmental  outcomes.  it  is  expected  that  convenience  of  the  automated  vehicles  encourages  the  consumers  to  travel  more,  and  this  induced  demand  may  partially  or  fully  offset  the  fuel  efficiency  improvement  brought  by  automation.  overall,  the  consequences  of  vehicle  automation  on  global  energy  demand  and  emissions  are  highly  uncertain,  and  heavily  depends  on  the  combined  effect  of  changes  in  consumer  behavior,  policy  intervention,  technological  progress  and  vehicle  technology.  parking  space  manually  driven
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicles  are  reported  to  be  used  only  45  of  the  time,  and  being  parked  and  unused  for  the  remaining  9596  of  the  time.  autonomous  taxis  could,  on  the  other  hand,  be  used  continuously  after  it  has  reached  its  destination.  this  could  dramatically  reduce  the  need  for  parking  space.  for  example,  in  los  angeles  a  2015  study  found  14  of  the  land  is  used  for  parking  alone,  equivalent  to  some  1,702  hectares  4,210  acres.  this  combined  with  the  potential  reduced  need  for  road  space  due  to  improved  traffic  flow,  could  free  up  large  amounts  of  land  in  urban  areas,  which  could
__label__controloptimizationautonomy then  be  used  for  parks,  recreational  areas,  buildings,  among  other  uses;  making  cities  more  livable.besides  this,  privately  owned  selfdriving  cars,  also  capable  of  selfparking  would  provide  another  advantage:  the  ability  to  drop  off  and  pick  up  passengers  even  in  places  where  parking  is  prohibited.  this  would  benefit  park  and  ride  facilities.  related  effects  by  reducing  the  labor  and  other  costs  of  mobility  as  a  service,  automated  cars  could  reduce  the  number  of  cars  that  are  individually  owned,  replaced  by  taxi/pooling  and  other  carsharing  services.  this  would  also  dramatically  reduce  the  size  of  the  automotive  production  industry,  with  corresponding  environmental  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy economic  effects.  assuming  the  increased  efficiency  is  not  fully  offset  by  increases  in  demand,  more  efficient  traffic  flow  could  free  roadway  space  for  other  uses  such  as  better  support  for  pedestrians  and  cyclists.the  vehicles  increased  awareness  could  aid  the  police  by  reporting  on  illegal  passenger  behavior,  while  possibly  enabling  other  crimes,  such  as  deliberately  crashing  into  another  vehicle  or  a  pedestrian.  however,  this  may  also  lead  to  much  expanded  mass  surveillance  if  there  is  wide  access  granted  to  third  parties  to  the  large  data  sets  generated.  potential  limits  or  obstacles  the  sort  of  hopedfor  potential  benefits  from  increased  vehicle  automation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy described  may  be  limited  by  foreseeable  challenges,  such  as  disputes  over  liability,  the  time  needed  to  turn  over  the  existing  stock  of  vehicles  from  nonautomated  to  automated,  and  thus  a  long  period  of  humans  and  autonomous  vehicles  sharing  the  roads,  resistance  by  individuals  to  having  to  forfeit  control  of  their  cars,  concerns  about  the  safety  of  driverless  in  practice,  and  the  implementation  of  a  legal  framework  and  consistent  global  government  regulations  for  selfdriving  cars.other  obstacles  could  include  deskilling  and  lower  levels  of  driver  experience  for  dealing  with  potentially  dangerous  situations  and  anomalies,  ethical  problems  where  an  automated  vehicles  software  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forced  during  an  unavoidable  crash  to  choose  between  multiple  harmful  courses  of  action  the  trolley  problem,  concerns  about  making  large  numbers  of  people  currently  employed  as  drivers  unemployed,  the  potential  for  more  intrusive  mass  surveillance  of  location,  association  and  travel  as  a  result  of  police  and  intelligence  agency  access  to  large  data  sets  generated  by  sensors  and  patternrecognition  ai,  and  possibly  insufficient  understanding  of  verbal  sounds,  gestures  and  nonverbal  cues  by  police,  other  drivers  or  pedestrians.possible  technological  obstacles  for  automated  cars  are:artificial  intelligence  is  still  not  able  to  function  properly  in  chaotic  innercity  environments.a  cars  computer  could  potentially  be  compromised,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  could  a  communication  system  between  cars.susceptibility  of  the  cars  sensing  and  navigation  systems  to  different  types  of  weather  such  as  snow  or  deliberate  interference,  including  jamming  and  spoofing.avoidance  of  large  animals  requires  recognition  and  tracking,  and  volvo  found  that  software  suited  to  caribou,  deer,  and  elk  was  ineffective  with  kangaroos.autonomous  cars  may  require  very  highquality  specialised  maps  to  operate  properly.  where  these  maps  may  be  out  of  date,  they  would  need  to  be  able  to  fall  back  to  reasonable  behaviors.competition  for  the  radio  spectrum  desired  for  the  cars  communication.field  programmability  for  the  systems  will  require  careful  evaluation  of  product
__label__controloptimizationautonomy development  and  the  component  supply  chain.current  road  infrastructure  may  need  changes  for  automated  cars  to  function  optimally.social  challenges  include:government  overregulation,  or  even  uncertainty  about  potential  future  regulation,  may  delay  deployment  of  automated  cars  on  the  road.employment  companies  working  on  the  technology  have  an  increasing  recruitment  problem  in  that  the  available  talent  pool  has  not  grown  with  demand.  as  such,  education  and  training  by  thirdparty  organisations  such  as  providers  of  online  courses  and  selftaught  communitydriven  projects  such  as  diy  robocars  and  formula  pi  have  quickly  grown  in  popularity,  while  university  level  extracurricular  programmes  such  as  formula  student  driverless  have  bolstered  graduate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy experience.  industry  is  steadily  increasing  freely  available  information  sources,  such  as  code,  datasets  and  glossaries  to  widen  the  recruitment  pool.  potential  disadvantages  a  direct  impact  of  widespread  adoption  of  automated  vehicles  is  the  loss  of  drivingrelated  jobs  in  the  road  transport  industry.  there  could  be  resistance  from  professional  drivers  and  unions  who  are  threatened  by  job  losses.  in  addition,  there  could  be  job  losses  in  public  transit  services  and  crash  repair  shops.  the  automobile  insurance  industry  might  suffer  as  the  technology  makes  certain  aspects  of  these  occupations  obsolete.  a  frequently  cited  paper  by  michael  osborne  and  carl  benedikt  frey  found
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  automated  cars  would  make  many  jobs  redundant.privacy  could  be  an  issue  when  having  the  vehicles  location  and  position  integrated  into  an  interface  in  which  other  people  have  access  to.  in  addition,  there  is  the  risk  of  automotive  hacking  through  the  sharing  of  information  through  v2v  vehicle  to  vehicle  and  v2i  vehicle  to  infrastructure  protocols.  there  is  also  the  risk  of  terrorist  attacks.  selfdriving  cars  could  potentially  be  loaded  with  explosives  and  used  as  bombs.the  lack  of  stressful  driving,  more  productive  time  during  the  trip,  and  the  potential  savings  in  travel  time  and  cost  could  become  an  incentive  to  live
__label__controloptimizationautonomy far  away  from  cities,  where  housing  is  cheaper,  and  work  in  the  citys  core,  thus  increasing  travel  distances  and  inducing  more  urban  sprawl,  raising  energy  consumption  and  enlarging  the  carbon  footprint  of  urban  travel.  there  is  also  the  risk  that  traffic  congestion  might  increase,  rather  than  decrease.  appropriate  public  policies  and  regulations,  such  as  zoning,  pricing,  and  urban  design  are  required  to  avoid  the  negative  impacts  of  increased  suburbanization  and  longer  distance  travel.some  believe  that  once  automation  in  vehicles  reaches  higher  levels  and  becomes  reliable,  drivers  will  pay  less  attention  to  the  road.  research  shows  that  drivers  in  automated  cars
__label__controloptimizationautonomy react  later  when  they  have  to  intervene  in  a  critical  situation,  compared  to  if  they  were  driving  manually.  depending  on  the  capabilities  of  automated  vehicles  and  the  frequency  with  which  human  intervention  is  needed,  this  may  counteract  any  increase  in  safety,  as  compared  to  allhuman  driving,  that  may  be  delivered  by  other  factors.ethical  and  moral  reasoning  come  into  consideration  when  programming  the  software  that  decides  what  action  the  car  takes  in  an  unavoidable  crash;  whether  the  automated  car  will  crash  into  a  bus,  potentially  killing  people  inside;  or  swerve  elsewhere,  potentially  killing  its  own  passengers  or  nearby  pedestrians.  a  question
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  programmers  of  ai  systems  find  difficult  to  answer  is  what  decision  should  the  car  make  that  causes  the  smallest  damage  to  peoples  lives?  adding  to  the  challenge  of  determining  machine  ethics,  is  the  fact  that  morality  is  not  universal.  culture  and  age  are  just  some  of  the  factors  that  influence  a  persons  moral  decisions.  automotive  makers  are  tasked  with  the  challenge  of  determining  what  is  moral  when  a  dangerous  situation  occurs  but  the  answer  to  that  question  can  vary  from  person  to  person.  one  proposed  solution  is  the  implementation  of  ethics  bots  in  selfdriving  vehicles,  which  learn  from  user
__label__controloptimizationautonomy preferences  to  ultimately  guide  autonomous  instruments  in  accordance  with  the  owners  values  and  preferences.the  ethics  of  automated  vehicles  are  still  being  articulated,  and  may  lead  to  controversy.  they  may  also  require  closer  consideration  of  the  variability,  contextdependency,  complexity  and  nondeterministic  nature  of  human  ethics.  different  human  drivers  make  various  ethical  decisions  when  driving,  such  as  avoiding  harm  to  themselves,  or  putting  themselves  at  risk  to  protect  others.  these  decisions  range  from  rare  extremes  such  as  selfsacrifice  or  criminal  negligence,  to  routine  decisions  good  enough  to  keep  the  traffic  flowing  but  bad  enough  to  cause  accidents,  road  rage  and  stress.human  thought
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  reaction  time  may  sometimes  be  too  slow  to  detect  the  risk  of  an  upcoming  fatal  crash,  think  through  the  ethical  implications  of  the  available  options,  or  take  an  action  to  implement  an  ethical  choice.  whether  a  particular  automated  vehicles  capacity  to  correctly  detect  an  upcoming  risk,  analyse  the  options  or  choose  a  good  option  from  among  bad  choices  would  be  as  good  or  better  than  a  particular  humans  may  be  difficult  to  predict  or  assess.  this  difficulty  may  be  in  part  because  the  level  of  automated  vehicle  system  understanding  of  the  ethical  issues  at  play  in  a  given  road
__label__controloptimizationautonomy scenario,  sensed  for  an  instant  from  out  of  a  continuous  stream  of  synthetic  physical  predictions  of  the  near  future,  and  dependent  on  layers  of  pattern  recognition  and  situational  intelligence,  may  be  opaque  to  human  inspection  because  of  its  origins  in  probabilistic  machine  learning  rather  than  a  simple,  plain  english  human  values  logic  of  parsable  rules.  the  depth  of  understanding,  predictive  power  and  ethical  sophistication  needed  will  be  hard  to  implement,  and  even  harder  to  test  or  assess.the  scale  of  this  challenge  may  have  other  effects.  there  may  be  few  entities  able  to  marshal  the  resources  and  ai  capacity  necessary  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy meet  it,  as  well  as  the  capital  necessary  to  take  an  automated  vehicle  system  to  market  and  sustain  it  operationally  for  the  life  of  a  vehicle,  and  the  legal  capacity  to  deal  with  the  potential  for  liability  for  a  significant  proportion  of  traffic  accidents.  this  may  have  the  effect  of  narrowing  the  number  of  different  system  operators,  and  eroding  the  diverse  global  vehicle  market  down  to  a  small  number  of  system  suppliers.  potential  changes  for  different  industries  the  traditional  automobile  industry  is  subject  to  changes  driven  by  technology  and  market  demands.  these  changes  include  breakthrough  technological  advances  and  when  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy market  demands  and  adopts  new  technology  quickly.  in  the  rapid  advance  of  both  factors,  the  end  of  the  era  of  incremental  change  was  recognized.  when  the  transition  is  made  to  a  new  technology,  new  entrants  to  the  automotive  industry  present  themselves,  which  can  be  distinguished  as  mobility  providers  such  as  uber  and  lyft,  as  well  as  tech  giants  such  as  google  and  nvidia.  as  new  entrants  to  the  industry  arise,  market  uncertainty  naturally  occurs  due  to  the  changing  dynamics.  for  example,  the  entrance  of  tech  giants,  as  well  as  the  alliances  between  them  and  traditional  car  manufacturers  causes  a  variation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  innovation  and  production  process  of  autonomous  vehicles.  additionally,  the  entrance  of  mobility  providers  has  caused  ambiguous  user  preferences.  as  a  result  of  the  rise  of  mobility  providers,  the  number  of  vehicles  per  capita  has  flatlined.  in  addition,  the  rise  of  the  sharing  economy  also  contributes  to  market  uncertainty  and  causes  forecasters  to  question  whether  personal  ownership  of  vehicles  is  still  relevant  as  new  transportation  technology  and  mobility  providers  are  becoming  preferred  among  consumers.  taxis  with  the  aforementioned  ambiguous  user  preference  regarding  the  personal  ownership  of  autonomous  vehicles,  it  is  possible  that  the  current  mobility  provider  trend  will  continue
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  it  rises  in  popularity.  established  providers  such  as  uber  and  lyft  are  already  significantly  present  within  the  industry,  and  it  is  likely  that  new  entrants  will  enter  when  business  opportunities  arise.  healthcare,  car  repair,  and  car  insurance  with  the  increasing  reliance  of  autonomous  vehicles  on  interconnectivity  and  the  availability  of  big  data  which  is  made  usable  in  the  form  of  realtime  maps,  driving  decisions  can  be  made  much  faster  in  order  to  prevent  collisions.  numbers  made  available  by  the  us  government  state  that  94  of  the  vehicle  accidents  are  due  to  human  failures.  as  a  result,  major  implications  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  healthcare  industry  become  apparent.  numbers  from  the  national  safety  council  on  killed  and  injured  people  on  us  roads  multiplied  by  the  average  costs  of  a  single  incident  reveal  that  an  estimated  us500  billion  loss  may  be  imminent  for  the  us  healthcare  industry  when  autonomous  vehicles  are  dominating  the  roads.  it  is  likely  the  anticipated  decrease  in  traffic  accidents  will  positively  contribute  to  the  widespread  acceptance  of  autonomous  vehicles,  as  well  as  the  possibility  to  better  allocate  healthcare  resources.  as  collisions  are  less  likely  to  occur,  and  the  risk  for  human  errors  is  reduced  significantly,  the  repair  industry  will  face
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  enormous  reduction  of  work  that  has  to  be  done  on  the  reparation  of  car  frames.  meanwhile,  as  the  generated  data  of  the  autonomous  vehicle  is  likely  to  predict  when  certain  replaceable  parts  are  in  need  of  maintenance,  car  owners  and  the  repair  industry  will  be  able  to  proactively  replace  a  part  that  will  fail  soon.  this  asset  efficiency  service  would  implicate  a  productivity  gain  for  the  automotive  repair  industry.  as  fewer  collisions  implicate  less  money  spent  on  repair  costs,  the  role  of  the  insurance  industry  is  likely  to  be  altered  as  well.  it  can  be  expected  that  the  increased
__label__controloptimizationautonomy safety  of  transport  due  to  autonomous  vehicles  will  lead  to  a  decrease  in  payouts  for  the  insurers,  which  is  positive  for  the  industry,  but  fewer  payouts  may  imply  a  demand  drop  for  insurances  in  general.  the  insurance  industry  may  have  to  create  new  insurance  models  in  the  near  future  to  accommodate  the  changes.  an  unexpected  disadvantage  of  the  widespread  acceptance  of  autonomous  vehicles  would  be  a  reduction  in  organs  available  for  transplant.  rescue,  emergency  response,  and  military  the  technique  used  in  autonomous  driving  also  ensures  life  savings  in  other  industries.  the  implementation  of  autonomous  vehicles  with  rescue,  emergency  response,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy military  applications  has  already  led  to  a  decrease  in  deaths.  military  personnel  use  autonomous  vehicles  to  reach  dangerous  and  remote  places  on  earth  to  deliver  fuel,  food  and  general  supplies,  and  even  rescue  people.  in  addition,  a  future  implication  of  adopting  autonomous  vehicles  could  lead  to  a  reduction  in  deployed  personnel,  which  will  lead  to  a  decrease  in  injuries,  since  the  technological  development  allows  autonomous  vehicles  to  become  more  and  more  autonomous.  another  future  implication  is  the  reduction  of  emergency  drivers  when  autonomous  vehicles  are  deployed  as  fire  trucks  or  ambulances.  an  advantage  could  be  the  use  of  realtime  traffic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy information  and  other  generated  data  to  determine  and  execute  routes  more  efficiently  than  human  drivers.  the  time  savings  can  be  invaluable  in  these  situations.  interior  design  and  entertainment  with  the  driver  decreasingly  focused  on  operating  a  vehicle,  the  interior  design  and  mediaentertainment  industry  will  have  to  reconsider  what  passengers  of  autonomous  vehicles  are  doing  when  they  are  on  the  road.  vehicles  need  to  be  redesigned,  and  possibly  even  be  prepared  for  multipurpose  usage.  in  practice,  it  will  show  that  travelers  have  more  time  for  business  and/or  leisure.  in  both  cases,  this  gives  increasing  opportunities  for  the  mediaentertainment  industry  to  demand
__label__controloptimizationautonomy attention.  moreover,  the  advertisement  business  is  able  to  provide  location  based  ads  without  risking  driver  safety.  telecommunication  and  energy  all  cars  can  benefit  from  information  and  connections,  but  autonomous  cars  will  be  fully  capable  of  operating  without  cv2x.  in  addition,  the  earlier  mentioned  entertainment  industry  is  also  highly  dependent  on  this  network  to  be  active  in  this  market  segment.  this  implies  higher  revenues  for  the  telecommunication  industry.since  many  autonomous  vehicles  are  going  to  rely  on  electricity  to  operate,  the  demand  for  lithium  batteries  increases.  similarly,  radar,  sensors,  lidar,  and  highspeed  internet  connectivity  require  higher  auxiliary  power  from  vehicles,  which  manifests
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  greater  power  draw  from  batteries.  the  larger  battery  requirement  causes  a  necessary  increase  in  supply  of  these  type  of  batteries  for  the  chemical  industry.  on  the  other  hand,  with  the  expected  increase  of  battery  powered  autonomous  vehicles,  the  petroleum  industry  is  expected  to  undergo  a  decline  in  demand.  as  this  implication  depends  on  the  adoption  rate  of  autonomous  vehicles,  it  is  unsure  to  what  extent  this  implication  will  disrupt  this  particular  industry.  this  transition  phase  of  oil  to  electricity  allows  companies  to  explore  whether  there  are  business  opportunities  for  them  in  the  new  energy  ecosystem.  restaurant,  hotels,  and  airlines
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driver  interactions  with  the  vehicle  will  be  less  common  within  the  near  future,  and  in  the  more  distant  future  the  responsibility  will  lie  entirely  with  the  vehicle.  as  indicated  above,  this  will  have  implications  for  the  entertainment  and  interior  design  industry.  for  roadside  restaurants,  the  implication  will  be  that  the  need  for  customers  to  stop  driving  and  enter  the  restaurant  will  vanish,  and  the  autonomous  vehicle  will  have  a  double  function.  moreover,  accompanied  with  the  rise  of  disruptive  platforms  such  as  airbnb  that  have  shaken  up  the  hotel  industry,  the  fast  increase  of  developments  within  the  autonomous  vehicle  industry  might
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cause  another  implication  for  their  customer  bases.  in  the  more  distant  future,  the  implication  for  motels  might  be  that  a  decrease  in  guests  will  occur,  since  autonomous  vehicles  could  be  redesigned  as  fully  equipped  bedrooms.  the  improvements  regarding  the  interior  of  the  vehicles  might  additionally  have  implications  for  the  airline  industry.  in  the  case  of  relatively  shorthaul  flights,  waiting  times  at  customs  or  the  gate  imply  lost  time  and  hassle  for  customers.  with  the  improved  convenience  in  future  car  travel,  it  is  possible  that  customers  might  go  for  this  option,  causing  a  loss  in  customer  bases  for  airline  industry.  elderly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  disabled  autonomous  vehicles  will  have  a  severe  impact  on  the  mobility  options  of  persons  that  are  not  able  to  drive  a  vehicle  themselves.  to  remain  socially  engaged  with  society  or  even  able  to  do  groceries,  the  elderly  people  of  today  are  walking,  cycling,  busing  or  depending  on  caretakers  to  drive  them  to  these  places.  in  addition  to  the  perceived  freedom  of  the  elderly  people  of  the  future,  the  demand  for  human  aides  will  decrease.  when  we  also  consider  the  increased  health  of  the  elderly,  it  is  safe  to  state  that  care  centers  will  experience  a  decrease  in  the  number
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  clients.  not  only  elderly  people  face  difficulties  of  their  decreased  physical  abilities,  also  disabled  people  will  perceive  the  benefits  of  autonomous  vehicles  in  the  near  future,  causing  their  dependency  on  caretakers  to  decrease.  both  industries  are  largely  depending  on  informal  caregivers,  who  are  mostly  relatives  of  the  persons  in  need.  since  there  is  less  of  a  reliance  on  their  time,  employers  of  informal  caregivers  or  even  governments  will  experience  a  decrease  of  costs  allocated  to  this  matter.  children  children  and  teens,  who  are  not  able  to  drive  a  vehicle  themselves,  are  also  benefiting  of  the  introduction  of  autonomous  cars.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy daycares  and  schools  are  able  to  come  up  with  automated  pick  up  and  drop  off  systems  by  car  in  addition  to  walking,  cycling  and  busing,  causing  a  decrease  of  reliance  on  parents  and  childcare  workers.  the  extent  to  which  human  actions  are  necessary  for  driving  will  vanish.  since  current  vehicles  require  human  actions  to  some  extent,  the  driving  school  industry  will  not  be  disrupted  until  the  majority  of  autonomous  transportation  is  switched  to  the  emerged  dominant  design.  it  is  plausible  that  in  the  distant  future  driving  a  vehicle  will  be  considered  as  a  luxury,  which  implies  that  the  structure  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  industry  is  based  on  new  entrants  and  a  new  market.  incidents  tesla  autopilot  in  midoctober  2015,  tesla  motors  rolled  out  version  7  of  their  software  in  the  us  that  included  tesla  autopilot  capability.  on  9  january  2016,  tesla  rolled  out  version  7.1  as  an  overtheair  update,  adding  a  new  summon  feature  that  allows  cars  to  selfpark  at  parking  locations  without  the  driver  in  the  car.  teslas  automated  driving  features  is  currently  classified  as  a  level  2  driver  assistance  system  according  to  the  society  of  automotive  engineers  sae  five  levels  of  vehicle  automation.  at  this  level  the  car  can  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy automated  but  requires  the  full  attention  of  the  driver,  who  must  be  prepared  to  take  control  at  a  moments  notice.  autopilot  should  be  used  only  on  limitedaccess  highways,  and  sometimes  it  will  fail  to  detect  lane  markings  and  disengage  itself.  in  urban  driving  the  system  will  not  read  traffic  signals  or  obey  stop  signs.  the  system  also  does  not  detect  pedestrians  or  cyclists.on  20  january  2016,  the  first  known  fatal  crash  of  a  tesla  with  autopilot  occurred  in  chinas  hubei  province.  according  to  chinas  163.com  news  channel,  this  marked  chinas  first  accidental  death  due  to  teslas  automatic  driving  system.  initially,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tesla  pointed  out  that  the  vehicle  was  so  badly  damaged  from  the  impact  that  their  recorder  was  not  able  to  conclusively  prove  that  the  car  had  been  on  autopilot  at  the  time;  however,  163.com  pointed  out  that  other  factors,  such  as  the  cars  absolute  failure  to  take  any  evasive  actions  prior  to  the  high  speed  crash,  and  the  drivers  otherwise  good  driving  record,  seemed  to  indicate  a  strong  likelihood  that  the  car  was  on  autopilot  at  the  time.  a  similar  fatal  crash  occurred  four  months  later  in  florida.  in  2018,  in  a  subsequent  civil  suit  between  the  father  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driver  killed  and  tesla,  tesla  did  not  deny  that  the  car  had  been  on  autopilot  at  the  time  of  the  accident,  and  sent  evidence  to  the  victims  father  documenting  that  fact.the  second  known  fatal  accident  involving  a  vehicle  being  driven  by  itself  took  place  in  williston,  florida  on  7  may  2016  while  a  tesla  model  s  electric  car  was  engaged  in  autopilot  mode.  the  occupant  was  killed  in  a  crash  with  an  18wheel  tractortrailer.  on  28  june  2016  the  us  national  highway  traffic  safety  administration  nhtsa  opened  a  formal  investigation  into  the  accident  working  with  the  florida  highway  patrol.  according
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  nhtsa,  preliminary  reports  indicate  the  crash  occurred  when  the  tractortrailer  made  a  left  turn  in  front  of  the  tesla  at  an  intersection  on  a  noncontrolled  access  highway,  and  the  car  failed  to  apply  the  brakes.  the  car  continued  to  travel  after  passing  under  the  trucks  trailer.  nhtsas  preliminary  evaluation  was  opened  to  examine  the  design  and  performance  of  any  automated  driving  systems  in  use  at  the  time  of  the  crash,  which  involved  a  population  of  an  estimated  25,000  model  s  cars.  on  8  july  2016,  nhtsa  requested  tesla  motors  provide  the  agency  detailed  information  about  the  design,  operation  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy testing  of  its  autopilot  technology.  the  agency  also  requested  details  of  all  design  changes  and  updates  to  autopilot  since  its  introduction,  and  teslas  planned  updates  schedule  for  the  next  four  months.according  to  tesla,  neither  autopilot  nor  the  driver  noticed  the  white  side  of  the  tractortrailer  against  a  brightly  lit  sky,  so  the  brake  was  not  applied.  the  car  attempted  to  drive  full  speed  under  the  trailer,  with  the  bottom  of  the  trailer  impacting  the  windshield  of  the  model  s.  tesla  also  claimed  that  this  was  teslas  first  known  autopilot  death  in  over  130  million  miles  210  million  kilometers  driven  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy its  customers  with  autopilot  engaged,  however  by  this  statement,  tesla  was  apparently  refusing  to  acknowledge  claims  that  the  january  2016  fatality  in  hubei  china  had  also  been  the  result  of  an  autopilot  system  error.  according  to  tesla  there  is  a  fatality  every  94  million  miles  151  million  kilometers  among  all  type  of  vehicles  in  the  us  however,  this  number  also  includes  fatalities  of  the  crashes,  for  instance,  of  motorcycle  drivers  with  pedestrians.in  july  2016,  the  us  national  transportation  safety  board  ntsb  opened  a  formal  investigation  into  the  fatal  accident  while  the  autopilot  was  engaged.  the  ntsb  is  an  investigative  body
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  has  the  power  to  make  only  policy  recommendations.  an  agency  spokesman  said  its  worth  taking  a  look  and  seeing  what  we  can  learn  from  that  event,  so  that  as  that  automation  is  more  widely  introduced  we  can  do  it  in  the  safest  way  possible.  in  january  2017,  the  ntsb  released  the  report  that  concluded  tesla  was  not  at  fault;  the  investigation  revealed  that  for  tesla  cars,  the  crash  rate  dropped  by  40  percent  after  autopilot  was  installed.according  to  tesla,  starting  19  october  2016,  all  tesla  cars  are  built  with  hardware  to  allow  full  selfdriving  capability  at  the  highest  safety
__label__controloptimizationautonomy level  sae  level  5.  the  hardware  includes  eight  surround  cameras  and  twelve  ultrasonic  sensors,  in  addition  to  the  forwardfacing  radar  with  enhanced  processing  capabilities.  the  system  will  operate  in  shadow  mode  processing  without  taking  action  and  send  data  back  to  tesla  to  improve  its  abilities  until  the  software  is  ready  for  deployment  via  overtheair  upgrades.  after  the  required  testing,  tesla  hopes  to  enable  full  selfdriving  by  the  end  of  2019  under  certain  conditions.  waymo  waymo  originated  as  a  selfdriving  car  project  within  google.  in  august  2012,  google  announced  that  their  vehicles  had  completed  over  300,000  automateddriving  miles  500,000  km  accidentfree,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy typically  involving  about  a  dozen  cars  on  the  road  at  any  given  time,  and  that  they  were  starting  to  test  with  single  drivers  instead  of  in  pairs.  in  latemay  2014,  google  revealed  a  new  prototype  that  had  no  steering  wheel,  gas  pedal,  or  brake  pedal,  and  was  fully  automated  .  as  of  march  2016,  google  had  testdriven  their  fleet  in  automated  mode  a  total  of  1,500,000  mi  2,400,000  km.  in  december  2016,  google  corporation  announced  that  its  technology  would  be  spun  off  to  a  new  company  called  waymo,  with  both  google  and  waymo  becoming  subsidiaries  of  a  new  parent  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy called  alphabet.according  to  googles  accident  reports  as  of  early  2016,  their  test  cars  had  been  involved  in  14  collisions,  of  which  other  drivers  were  at  fault  13  times,  although  in  2016  the  cars  software  caused  a  crash.in  june  2015,  brin  confirmed  that  12  vehicles  had  suffered  collisions  as  of  that  date.  eight  involved  rearend  collisions  at  a  stop  sign  or  traffic  light,  two  in  which  the  vehicle  was  sideswiped  by  another  driver,  one  in  which  another  driver  rolled  through  a  stop  sign,  and  one  where  a  google  employee  was  controlling  the  car  manually.  in  july  2015,  three  google  employees  suffered
__label__controloptimizationautonomy minor  injuries  when  their  vehicle  was  rearended  by  a  car  whose  driver  failed  to  brake  at  a  traffic  light.  this  was  the  first  time  that  a  collision  resulted  in  injuries.  on  14  february  2016  a  google  vehicle  attempted  to  avoid  sandbags  blocking  its  path.  during  the  maneuver  it  struck  a  bus.  google  stated,  in  this  case,  we  clearly  bear  some  responsibility,  because  if  our  car  hadnt  moved,  there  wouldnt  have  been  a  collision.  google  characterized  the  crash  as  a  misunderstanding  and  a  learning  experience.  no  injuries  were  reported  in  the  crash.  uber  in  march  2017,  an  uber  test  vehicle  was
__label__controloptimizationautonomy involved  in  a  crash  in  tempe,  arizona  when  another  car  failed  to  yield,  flipping  the  uber  vehicle.  there  were  no  injuries  in  the  accident.by  22  december  2017,  uber  had  completed  2  million  miles  3.2  million  kilometers  in  automated  mode.on  18  march  2018,  elaine  herzberg  became  the  first  pedestrian  to  be  killed  by  a  selfdriving  car  in  the  united  states  after  being  hit  by  an  uber  vehicle,  also  in  tempe.  herzberg  was  crossing  outside  of  a  crosswalk,  approximately  400  feet  from  an  intersection.  this  marks  the  first  time  an  individual  outside  an  autopiloted  car  is  known  to  have  been  killed  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  a  car.the  first  death  of  an  essentially  uninvolved  third  party  is  likely  to  raise  new  questions  and  concerns  about  the  safety  of  automated  cars  in  general.  some  experts  say  a  human  driver  could  have  avoided  the  fatal  crash.  arizona  governor  doug  ducey  later  suspended  the  companys  ability  to  test  and  operate  its  automated  cars  on  public  roadways  citing  an  unquestionable  failure  of  the  expectation  that  uber  make  public  safety  its  top  priority.  uber  has  pulled  out  of  all  selfdrivingcar  testing  in  california  as  a  result  of  the  accident.  on  24  may  2018  the  us  national  transport  safety  board  issued
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  preliminary  report.  navya  automated  bus  driving  system  on  9  november  2017,  a  navya  automated  selfdriving  bus  with  passengers  was  involved  in  a  crash  with  a  truck.  the  truck  was  found  to  be  at  fault  of  the  crash,  reversing  into  the  stationary  automated  bus.  the  automated  bus  did  not  take  evasive  actions  or  apply  defensive  driving  techniques  such  as  flashing  its  headlights,  or  sounding  the  horn.  as  one  passenger  commented,  the  shuttle  didnt  have  the  ability  to  move  back.  the  shuttle  just  stayed  still.  policy  implications  urban  planning  according  to  a  wonkblog  reporter,  if  fully  automated  cars  become  commercially  available,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy they  have  the  potential  to  be  a  disruptive  innovation  with  major  implications  for  society.  the  likelihood  of  widespread  adoption  is  still  unclear,  but  if  they  are  used  on  a  wide  scale,  policy  makers  face  a  number  of  unresolved  questions  about  their  effects.one  fundamental  question  is  about  their  effect  on  travel  behavior.  some  people  believe  that  they  will  increase  car  ownership  and  car  use  because  it  will  become  easier  to  use  them  and  they  will  ultimately  be  more  useful.  this  may,  in  turn,  encourage  urban  sprawl  and  ultimately  total  private  vehicle  use.  others  argue  that  it  will  be  easier  to  share
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cars  and  that  this  will  thus  discourage  outright  ownership  and  decrease  total  usage,  and  make  cars  more  efficient  forms  of  transportation  in  relation  to  the  present  situation.policymakers  will  have  to  take  a  new  look  at  how  infrastructure  is  to  be  built  and  how  money  will  be  allotted  to  build  for  automated  vehicles.  the  need  for  traffic  signals  could  potentially  be  reduced  with  the  adoption  of  smart  highways.  due  to  smart  highways  and  with  the  assistance  of  smart  technological  advances  implemented  by  policy  change,  the  dependence  on  oil  imports  may  be  reduced  because  of  less  time  being  spent  on  the  road
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  individual  cars  which  could  have  an  effect  on  policy  regarding  energy.  on  the  other  hand,  automated  vehicles  could  increase  the  overall  number  of  cars  on  the  road  which  could  lead  to  a  greater  dependence  on  oil  imports  if  smart  systems  are  not  enough  to  curtail  the  impact  of  more  vehicles.  however,  due  to  the  uncertainty  of  the  future  of  automated  vehicles,  policy  makers  may  want  to  plan  effectively  by  implementing  infrastructure  improvements  that  can  be  beneficial  to  both  human  drivers  and  automated  vehicles.  caution  needs  to  be  taken  in  acknowledgment  to  public  transportation  and  that  the  use  may  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy greatly  reduced  if  automated  vehicles  are  catered  to  through  policy  reform  of  infrastructure  with  this  resulting  in  job  loss  and  increased  unemployment.other  disruptive  effects  will  come  from  the  use  of  automated  vehicles  to  carry  goods.  selfdriving  vans  have  the  potential  to  make  home  deliveries  significantly  cheaper,  transforming  retail  commerce  and  possibly  making  hypermarkets  and  supermarkets  redundant.  as  of  2019  the  us  department  of  transportation  defines  automation  into  six  levels,  starting  at  level  zero  which  means  the  human  driver  does  everything  and  ending  with  level  five,  the  automated  system  performs  all  the  driving  tasks.  also  under  the  current  law,  manufacturers  bear
__label__controloptimizationautonomy all  the  responsibility  to  selfcertify  vehicles  for  use  on  public  roads.  this  means  that  currently  as  long  as  the  vehicle  is  compliant  within  the  regulatory  framework,  there  are  no  specific  federal  legal  barriers  in  the  us  to  a  highly  automated  vehicle  being  offered  for  sale.  iyad  rahwan,  an  associate  professor  in  the  mit  media  lab  said,  most  people  want  to  live  in  a  world  where  cars  will  minimize  casualties,  but  everyone  wants  their  own  car  to  protect  them  at  all  costs.  furthermore,  industry  standards  and  best  practice  are  still  needed  in  systems  before  they  can  be  considered  reasonably  safe  under
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realworld  conditions.researchers  have  pushed  against  this  arguing  that  selfdriving  cars  will  have  a  deeply  negative  impact  on  urban  life  especially  if  they  are  programmed  to  kill.  moreover,  they  require  a  sensorbased  infrastructure  that  would  constitute  an  allencompassing  surveillance  apparatus.they  would  also  exasperate  existing  mobility  inequalities  driven  by  the  interests  of  car  companies  and  technology  companies  while  taking  investment  away  from  more  equatable  and  sustainable  mobility  initiatives  such  as  public  transportation.  legislation  the  1968  vienna  convention  on  road  traffic,  subscribed  to  by  over  70  countries  worldwide,  establishes  principles  to  govern  traffic  laws.  one  of  the  fundamental  principles  of  the  convention  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy been  the  concept  that  a  driver  is  always  fully  in  control  and  responsible  for  the  behavior  of  a  vehicle  in  traffic.  the  progress  of  technology  that  assists  and  takes  over  the  functions  of  the  driver  is  undermining  this  principle,  implying  that  much  of  the  groundwork  must  be  rewritten.  legal  status  in  the  united  states  in  the  united  states,  a  nonsignatory  country  to  the  vienna  convention,  state  vehicle  codes  generally  do  not  envisagebut  do  not  necessarily  prohibithighly  automated  vehicles  as  of  2012.  to  clarify  the  legal  status  of  and  otherwise  regulate  such  vehicles,  several  states  have  enacted  or  are  considering  specific
__label__controloptimizationautonomy laws.  by  2016,  seven  states  nevada,  california,  florida,  michigan,  hawaii,  washington,  and  tennessee,  along  with  the  district  of  columbia,  have  enacted  laws  for  automated  vehicles.  incidents  such  as  the  first  fatal  accident  by  teslas  autopilot  system  have  led  to  discussion  about  revising  laws  and  standards  for  automated  cars.in  september  2016,  the  us  national  economic  council  and  us  department  of  transportation  released  federal  standards  that  describe  how  automated  vehicles  should  react  if  their  technology  fails,  how  to  protect  passenger  privacy,  and  how  riders  should  be  protected  in  the  event  of  an  accident.  the  new  federal  guidelines  are  meant  to  avoid  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy patchwork  of  state  laws,  while  avoiding  being  so  overbearing  as  to  stifle  innovation.in  june  2011,  the  nevada  legislature  passed  a  law  to  authorize  the  use  of  automated  cars.  nevada  thus  became  the  first  jurisdiction  in  the  world  where  automated  vehicles  might  be  legally  operated  on  public  roads.  according  to  the  law,  the  nevada  department  of  motor  vehicles  is  responsible  for  setting  safety  and  performance  standards  and  the  agency  is  responsible  for  designating  areas  where  automated  cars  may  be  tested.  this  legislation  was  supported  by  google  in  an  effort  to  legally  conduct  further  testing  of  its  google  driverless  car.  the  nevada
__label__controloptimizationautonomy law  defines  an  automated  vehicle  to  be  a  motor  vehicle  that  uses  artificial  intelligence,  sensors  and  global  positioning  system  coordinates  to  drive  itself  without  the  active  intervention  of  a  human  operator.  the  law  also  acknowledges  that  the  operator  will  not  need  to  pay  attention  while  the  car  is  operating  itself.  google  had  further  lobbied  for  an  exemption  from  a  ban  on  distracted  driving  to  permit  occupants  to  send  text  messages  while  sitting  behind  the  wheel,  but  this  did  not  become  law.  furthermore,  nevadas  regulations  require  a  person  behind  the  wheel  and  one  in  the  passengers  seat  during  tests.in  april  2012,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy florida  became  the  second  state  to  allow  the  testing  of  automated  cars  on  public  roads,  and  california  became  the  third  when  governor  jerry  brown  signed  the  bill  into  law  at  google  headquarters  in  mountain  view.  in  december  2013,  michigan  became  the  fourth  state  to  allow  testing  of  driverless  cars  on  public  roads.  in  july  2014,  the  city  of  coeur  dalene,  idaho  adopted  a  robotics  ordinance  that  includes  provisions  to  allow  for  selfdriving  cars.on  19  february  2016,  california  assembly  bill  2866  was  introduced  in  california  that  would  allow  automated  vehicles  to  operate  on  public  roads,  including  those  without  a  driver,  steering
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wheel,  accelerator  pedal,  or  brake  pedal.  the  bill  states  that  the  california  department  of  motor  vehicles  would  need  to  comply  with  these  regulations  by  1  july  2018  for  these  rules  to  take  effect.  as  of  november  2016,  this  bill  has  yet  to  pass  the  house  of  origin.in  september  2016,  the  us  department  of  transportation  released  its  federal  automated  vehicles  policy,  and  california  published  discussions  on  the  subject  in  october  2016.in  december  2016,  the  california  department  of  motor  vehicles  ordered  uber  to  remove  its  selfdriving  vehicles  from  the  road  in  response  to  two  redlight  violations.  uber  immediately  blamed  the  violations  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy humanerror,  and  has  suspended  the  drivers.  legislation  in  europe  in  2013,  the  government  of  the  united  kingdom  permitted  the  testing  of  automated  cars  on  public  roads.  before  this,  all  testing  of  robotic  vehicles  in  the  uk  had  been  conducted  on  private  property.in  2014,  the  government  of  france  announced  that  testing  of  automated  cars  on  public  roads  would  be  allowed  in  2015.  2000  km  of  road  would  be  opened  through  the  national  territory,  especially  in  bordeaux,  in  isre,  ledefrance  and  strasbourg.  at  the  2015  its  world  congress,  a  conference  dedicated  to  intelligent  transport  systems,  the  very  first  demonstration  of  automated  vehicles
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  open  road  in  france  was  carried  out  in  bordeaux  in  early  october  2015.in  2015,  a  preemptive  lawsuit  against  various  automobile  companies  such  as  gm,  ford,  and  toyota  accused  them  of  hawking  vehicles  that  are  vulnerable  to  hackers  who  could  hypothetically  wrest  control  of  essential  functions  such  as  brakes  and  steering.in  spring  of  2015,  the  federal  department  of  environment,  transport,  energy  and  communications  in  switzerland  uvek  allowed  swisscom  to  test  a  driverless  volkswagen  passat  on  the  streets  of  zurich.as  of  april  2017,  it  is  possible  to  conduct  public  road  tests  for  development  vehicles  in  hungary,  furthermore  the  construction  of  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy closed  test  track,  the  zalazone  test  track,  suitable  for  testing  highly  automated  functions  is  also  under  way  near  the  city  of  zalaegerszeg.  legislation  in  asia  in  2016,  the  singapore  land  transit  authority  in  partnership  with  uk  automotive  supplier  delphi  automotive,  began  launch  preparations  for  a  test  run  of  a  fleet  of  automated  taxis  for  an  ondemand  automated  cab  service  to  take  effect  in  2017.in  2017,  the  south  korean  government  stated  that  the  lack  of  universal  standards  is  preventing  its  own  legislation  from  pushing  new  domestic  rules.  however,  once  the  international  standards  are  settled,  south  koreas  legislation  will  resemble  the  international
__label__controloptimizationautonomy standards.  liability  selfdriving  car  liability  is  a  developing  area  of  law  and  policy  that  will  determine  who  is  liable  when  an  automated  car  causes  physical  damage  to  persons,  or  breaks  road  rules.  when  automated  cars  shift  the  control  of  driving  from  humans  to  automated  car  technology,  there  may  be  a  need  for  existing  liability  laws  to  evolve  in  order  to  fairly  identify  the  parties  responsible  for  damage  and  injury,  and  to  address  the  potential  for  conflicts  of  interest  between  human  occupants,  system  operator,  insurers,  and  the  public  purse.  increases  in  the  use  of  automated  car  technologies  e.g.  advanced  driverassistance  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy may  prompt  incremental  shifts  in  this  responsibility  for  driving.  it  is  claimed  by  proponents  to  have  potential  to  affect  the  frequency  of  road  accidents,  although  it  is  difficult  to  assess  this  claim  in  the  absence  of  data  from  substantial  actual  use.  if  there  was  a  dramatic  improvement  in  safety,  the  operators  may  seek  to  project  their  liability  for  the  remaining  accidents  onto  others  as  part  of  their  reward  for  the  improvement.  however,  there  is  no  obvious  reason  why  they  should  escape  liability  if  any  such  effects  were  found  to  be  modest  or  nonexistent,  since  part  of  the  purpose  of  such
__label__controloptimizationautonomy liability  is  to  give  an  incentive  to  the  party  controlling  something  to  do  whatever  is  necessary  to  avoid  it  causing  harm.  potential  users  may  be  reluctant  to  trust  an  operator  if  it  seeks  to  pass  its  normal  liability  on  to  others.in  any  case,  a  welladvised  person  who  is  not  controlling  a  car  at  all  level  5  would  be  understandably  reluctant  to  accept  liability  for  something  out  of  their  control.  and  when  there  is  some  degree  of  sharing  control  possible  level  3  or  4,  a  welladvised  person  would  be  concerned  that  the  vehicle  might  try  to  pass  back  control  at  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy last  seconds  before  an  accident,  to  pass  responsibility  and  liability  back  too,  but  in  circumstances  where  the  potential  driver  has  no  better  prospects  of  avoiding  the  crash  than  the  vehicle,  since  they  have  not  necessarily  been  paying  close  attention,  and  if  it  is  too  hard  for  the  very  smart  car  it  might  be  too  hard  for  a  human.  since  operators,  especially  those  familiar  with  trying  to  ignore  existing  legal  obligations  under  a  motto  like  seek  forgiveness,  not  permission,  such  as  waymo  or  uber,  could  be  normally  expected  to  try  to  avoid  responsibility  to  the  maximum  degree  possible,  there  is  potential
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  attempt  to  let  the  operators  evade  being  held  liable  for  accidents  while  they  are  in  control.as  higher  levels  of  automation  are  commercially  introduced  level  3  and  4,  the  insurance  industry  may  see  a  greater  proportion  of  commercial  and  product  liability  lines  while  personal  automobile  insurance  shrinks.  vehicle  communication  systems  vehicle  networking  may  be  desirable  due  to  difficulty  with  computer  vision  being  able  to  recognize  brake  lights,  turn  signals,  buses,  and  similar  things.  however,  the  usefulness  of  such  systems  would  be  diminished  by  the  fact  current  cars  are  equipped  with  them;  they  may  also  pose  privacy  concerns.individual  vehicles  may  benefit
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  information  obtained  from  other  vehicles  in  the  vicinity,  especially  information  relating  to  traffic  congestion  and  safety  hazards.  vehicular  communication  systems  use  vehicles  and  roadside  units  as  the  communicating  nodes  in  a  peertopeer  network,  providing  each  other  with  information.  as  a  cooperative  approach,  vehicular  communication  systems  can  allow  all  cooperating  vehicles  to  be  more  effective.  according  to  a  2010  study  by  the  us  national  highway  traffic  safety  administration,  vehicular  communication  systems  could  help  avoid  up  to  79  of  all  traffic  accidents.there  have  so  far  been  no  complete  implementation  of  peertopeer  networking  on  the  scale  required  for  traffic:  each  individual  vehicle
__label__controloptimizationautonomy would  have  to  connect  with  potentially  hundreds  of  different  vehicles  that  could  be  going  in  and  out  of  range.in  2012,  computer  scientists  at  the  university  of  texas  in  austin  began  developing  smart  intersections  designed  for  automated  cars.  the  intersections  will  have  no  traffic  lights  and  no  stop  signs,  instead  using  computer  programs  that  will  communicate  directly  with  each  car  on  the  road.in  2017,  researchers  from  arizona  state  university  developed  a  1/10  scale  intersection  and  proposed  an  intersection  management  technique  called  crossroads.  it  was  shown  that  crossroads  is  very  resilient  to  network  delay  of  both  v2i  communication  and  worstcase  execution  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  intersection  manager.  in  2018,  a  robust  approach  was  introduced  which  is  resilient  to  both  model  mismatch  and  external  disturbances  such  as  wind  and  bumps.among  connected  cars,  an  unconnected  one  is  the  weakest  link  and  will  be  increasingly  banned  from  busy  highspeed  roads,  as  predicted  by  the  helsinki  think  tank,  nordic  communications  corporation,  in  january  2016.  public  opinion  surveys  in  a  2011  online  survey  of  2,006  us  and  uk  consumers  by  accenture,  49  said  they  would  be  comfortable  using  a  driverless  car.a  2012  survey  of  17,400  vehicle  owners  by  j.d.  power  and  associates  found  37  initially  said  they  would
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  interested  in  purchasing  a  fully  autonomous  car.  however,  that  figure  dropped  to  20  if  told  the  technology  would  cost  us3,000  more.in  a  2012  survey  of  about  1,000  german  drivers  by  automotive  researcher  puls,  22  of  the  respondents  had  a  positive  attitude  towards  these  cars,  10  were  undecided,  44  were  skeptical  and  24  were  hostile.a  2013  survey  of  1,500  consumers  across  10  countries  by  cisco  systems  found  57  stated  they  would  be  likely  to  ride  in  a  car  controlled  entirely  by  technology  that  does  not  require  a  human  driver,  with  brazil,  india  and  china  the  most  willing  to  trust  automated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology.in  a  2014  us  telephone  survey  by  insurance.com,  over  threequarters  of  licensed  drivers  said  they  would  at  least  consider  buying  a  selfdriving  car,  rising  to  86  if  car  insurance  were  cheaper.  31.7  said  they  would  not  continue  to  drive  once  an  automated  car  was  available  instead.in  a  february  2015  survey  of  top  auto  journalists,  46  predict  that  either  tesla  or  daimler  will  be  the  first  to  the  market  with  a  fully  autonomous  vehicle,  while  at  38  daimler  is  predicted  to  be  the  most  functional,  safe,  and  indemand  autonomous  vehicle.in  2015  a  questionnaire  survey  by  delft  university  of  technology  explored  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy opinion  of  5,000  people  from  109  countries  on  automated  driving.  results  showed  that  respondents,  on  average,  found  manual  driving  the  most  enjoyable  mode  of  driving.  22  of  the  respondents  did  not  want  to  spend  any  money  for  a  fully  automated  driving  system.  respondents  were  found  to  be  most  concerned  about  software  hacking/misuse,  and  were  also  concerned  about  legal  issues  and  safety.  finally,  respondents  from  more  developed  countries  in  terms  of  lower  accident  statistics,  higher  education,  and  higher  income  were  less  comfortable  with  their  vehicle  transmitting  data.  the  survey  also  gave  results  on  potential  consumer  opinion  on  interest  of  purchasing  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy automated  car,  stating  that  37  of  surveyed  current  owners  were  either  definitely  or  probably  interested  in  purchasing  an  automated  car.in  2016,  a  survey  in  germany  examined  the  opinion  of  1,603  people,  who  were  representative  in  terms  of  age,  gender,  and  education  for  the  german  population,  towards  partially,  highly,  and  fully  automated  cars.  results  showed  that  men  and  women  differ  in  their  willingness  to  use  them.  men  felt  less  anxiety  and  more  joy  towards  automated  cars,  whereas  women  showed  the  exact  opposite.  the  gender  difference  towards  anxiety  was  especially  pronounced  between  young  men  and  women  but  decreased  with  participants  age.in  2016,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  pwc  survey,  in  the  united  states,  showing  the  opinion  of  1,584  people,  highlights  that  66  percent  of  respondents  said  they  think  autonomous  cars  are  probably  smarter  than  the  average  human  driver.  people  are  still  worried  about  safety  and  mostly  the  fact  of  having  the  car  hacked.  nevertheless,  only  13  of  the  interviewees  see  no  advantages  in  this  new  kind  of  cars.a  pew  research  center  survey  of  4,135  us  adults  conducted  115  may  2017  finds  that  many  americans  anticipate  significant  impacts  from  various  automation  technologies  in  the  course  of  their  lifetimesfrom  the  widespread  adoption  of  automated  vehicles  to  the  replacement
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  entire  job  categories  with  robot  workers.results  from  two  opinion  surveys  of  54  and  187  us  adults  respectively  were  published  in  2019.  a  new  standardised  questionnaire,  the  autonomous  vehicle  acceptance  model  avam  was  developed,  including  additional  description  to  help  respondents  better  understand  the  implications  of  different  automation  levels.  results  showed  that  users  were  less  accepting  of  high  autonomy  levels  and  displayed  significantly  lower  intention  to  use  highly  autonomous  vehicles.  additionally,  partial  autonomy  regardless  of  level  was  perceived  as  requiring  uniformly  higher  driver  engagement  usage  of  hands,  feet  and  eyes  than  full  autonomy.  moral  issues  with  the  emergence  of  automated  automobiles,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy various  ethical  issues  arise.  while  the  introduction  of  automated  vehicles  to  the  mass  market  is  said  to  be  inevitable  due  to  a  presumed  but  untestable  potential  for  reduction  of  crashes  by  up  to  90  and  their  potential  greater  accessibility  to  disabled,  elderly,  and  young  passengers,  a  range  of  ethical  issues  have  not  been  fully  addressed.  those  include,  but  are  not  limited  to:  the  moral,  financial,  and  criminal  responsibility  for  crashes  and  breaches  of  law;  the  decisions  a  car  is  to  make  right  before  a  fatal  crash;  privacy  issues  including  potential  for  mass  surveillance;  potential  for  massive  job  losses  and  unemployment
__label__controloptimizationautonomy among  drivers;  deskilling  and  loss  of  independence  by  vehicle  users;  exposure  to  hacking  and  malware;  and  the  further  concentration  of  market  and  data  power  in  the  hands  of  a  few  global  conglomerates  capable  of  consolidating  ai  capacity,  and  of  lobbying  governments  to  facilitate  the  shift  of  liability  onto  others  and  their  potential  destruction  of  existing  occupations  and  industries.there  are  different  opinions  on  who  should  be  held  liable  in  case  of  a  crash,  especially  with  people  being  hurt.  many  experts  see  the  car  manufacturers  themselves  responsible  for  those  crashes  that  occur  due  to  a  technical  malfunction  or  misconstruction.  besides  the  fact
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  the  car  manufacturer  would  be  the  source  of  the  problem  in  a  situation  where  a  car  crashes  due  to  a  technical  issue,  there  is  another  important  reason  why  car  manufacturers  could  be  held  responsible:  it  would  encourage  them  to  innovate  and  heavily  invest  into  fixing  those  issues,  not  only  due  to  protection  of  the  brand  image,  but  also  due  to  financial  and  criminal  consequences.  however,  there  are  also  voices  that  argue  those  using  or  owning  the  vehicle  should  be  held  responsible  since  they  know  the  risks  involved  in  using  such  a  vehicle.  experts  suggest  introducing  a  tax  or  insurances
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  would  protect  owners  and  users  of  automated  vehicles  of  claims  made  by  victims  of  an  accident.  other  possible  parties  that  can  be  held  responsible  in  case  of  a  technical  failure  include  software  engineers  that  programmed  the  code  for  the  automated  operation  of  the  vehicles,  and  suppliers  of  components  of  the  av.taking  aside  the  question  of  legal  liability  and  moral  responsibility,  the  question  arises  how  automated  vehicles  should  be  programmed  to  behave  in  an  emergency  situation  where  either  passengers  or  other  traffic  participants  like:  pedestrians,  bicyclists  and  other  drivers  are  endangered.  a  moral  dilemma  that  a  software  engineer  or  car
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufacturer  might  face  in  programming  the  operating  software  is  described  in  an  ethical  thought  experiment,  the  trolley  problem:  a  conductor  of  a  trolley  has  the  choice  of  staying  on  the  planned  track  and  running  over  five  people,  or  turn  the  trolley  onto  a  track  where  it  would  kill  only  one  person,  assuming  there  is  no  traffic  on  it.  when  a  selfdriving  car  is  in  following  scenario:  its  driving  with  passengers  and  suddenly  a  person  appears  in  its  way.  the  car  has  to  decide  between  the  two  options,  either  to  run  the  person  over  or  to  avoid  hitting  the  person  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy swerving  into  a  wall,  killing  the  passengers.  there  are  two  main  considerations  that  need  to  be  addressed.  first,  what  moral  basis  would  be  used  by  an  automated  vehicle  to  make  decisions?  second,  how  could  those  be  translated  into  software  code?  researchers  have  suggested,  in  particular,  two  ethical  theories  to  be  applicable  to  the  behavior  of  automated  vehicles  in  cases  of  emergency:  deontology  and  utilitarianism.  asimovs  three  laws  of  robotics  are  a  typical  example  of  deontological  ethics.  the  theory  suggests  that  an  automated  car  needs  to  follow  strict  writtenout  rules  that  it  needs  to  follow  in  any  situation.  utilitarianism  suggests  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy idea  that  any  decision  must  be  made  based  on  the  goal  to  maximize  utility.  this  needs  a  definition  of  utility  which  could  be  maximizing  the  number  of  people  surviving  in  a  crash.  critics  suggest  that  automated  vehicles  should  adapt  a  mix  of  multiple  theories  to  be  able  to  respond  morally  right  in  the  instance  of  a  crash.many  trolley  discussions  skip  over  the  practical  problems  of  how  a  probabilistic  machine  learning  vehicle  ai  could  be  sophisticated  enough  to  understand  that  a  deep  problem  of  moral  philosophy  is  presenting  itself  from  instant  to  instant  while  using  a  dynamic  projection  into  the  near
__label__controloptimizationautonomy future,  what  sort  of  moral  problem  it  actually  would  be  if  any,  what  the  relevant  weightings  in  human  value  terms  should  be  given  to  all  the  other  humans  involved  who  will  be  probably  unreliably  identified,  and  how  reliably  it  can  assess  the  probable  outcomes.  these  practical  difficulties,  and  those  around  testing  and  assessment  of  solutions  to  them,  may  present  as  much  of  a  challenge  as  the  theoretical  abstractions.while  most  trolley  conundrums  involve  hyperbolic  and  unlikely  fact  patterns,  it  is  inevitable  mundane  ethical  decisions  and  risk  calculations  such  as  the  precise  millisecond  a  car  should  yield  to  a  yellow  light  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy how  closely  to  drive  to  a  bike  lane  will  need  to  be  programmed  into  the  software  of  autonomous  vehicles.  algorithms  dictate,  for  example,  how  closely  to  drive  to  a  bike  lane  or  the  precise  moment  an  autonomous  car  should  yield  to  a  yellow  light.  mundane  ethical  situations  may  even  be  more  relevant  than  rare  fatal  circumstances  because  of  the  specificity  implicated  and  their  large  scope.  mundane  situations  involving  drivers  and  pedestrians  are  so  prevalent  that,  in  the  aggregate,  produce  large  amounts  of  injuries  and  deaths.  hence,  even  incremental  permutations  of  moral  algorithms  can  have  a  notable  effect  when  considered  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  entirety.privacyrelated  issues  arise  mainly  from  the  interconnectivity  of  automated  cars,  making  it  just  another  mobile  device  that  can  gather  any  information  about  an  individual.  this  information  gathering  ranges  from  tracking  of  the  routes  taken,  voice  recording,  video  recording,  preferences  in  media  that  is  consumed  in  the  car,  behavioral  patterns,  to  many  more  streams  of  information.  the  data  and  communications  infrastructure  needed  to  support  these  vehicles  may  also  be  capable  of  surveillance,  especially  if  coupled  to  other  data  sets  and  advanced  analytics.the  implementation  of  automated  vehicles  to  the  mass  market  might  cost  up  to  5  million  jobs  in  the  us
__label__controloptimizationautonomy alone,  making  up  almost  3  of  the  workforce.  those  jobs  include  drivers  of  taxis,  buses,  vans,  trucks,  and  ehailing  vehicles.  many  industries,  such  as  the  auto  insurance  industry  are  indirectly  affected.  this  industry  alone  generates  an  annual  revenue  of  about  us220  billion,  supporting  277,000  jobs.  to  put  this  into  perspectivethis  is  about  the  number  of  mechanical  engineering  jobs.  the  potential  loss  of  a  majority  of  those  jobs  will  have  a  tremendous  impact  on  those  individuals  involved.  both  india  and  china  have  placed  bans  on  automated  cars  with  the  former  citing  protection  of  jobs.the  massachusetts  institute  of  technology  mit  has  animated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  trolley  problem  in  the  context  of  autonomous  cars  in  a  website  called  the  moral  machine.  the  moral  machine  generates  random  scenarios  in  which  autonomous  cars  malfunction  and  forces  the  user  to  choose  between  two  harmful  courses  of  action.  mits  moral  machine  experiment  has  collected  data  involving  over  40  million  decisions  from  people  in  233  countries  to  ascertain  peoples  moral  preferences.  the  mit  study  illuminates  that  ethical  preferences  vary  among  cultures  and  demographics  and  likely  correlate  with  modern  institutions  and  geographic  traits.global  trends  of  the  mit  study  highlight  that,  overall,  people  prefer  to  save  the  lives  of  humans  over  other
__label__controloptimizationautonomy animals,  prioritize  the  lives  of  many  rather  than  few,  and  spare  the  lives  of  young  rather  than  old.  men  are  slightly  more  likely  to  spare  the  lives  of  women,  and  religious  affiliates  are  slightly  more  likely  to  prioritize  human  life.  the  lives  of  criminals  were  prioritized  more  than  cats,  but  the  lives  of  dogs  were  prioritized  more  than  the  lives  of  criminals.  the  lives  of  homeless  were  spared  more  than  the  elderly,  but  the  lives  of  homeless  were  spared  less  often  than  the  obese.people  overwhelmingly  express  a  preference  for  autonomous  vehicles  to  be  programmed  with  utilitarian  ideas,  that  is,  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  manner  that  generates  the  least  harm  and  minimizes  driving  casualties.  while  people  want  others  to  purchase  utilitarian  promoting  vehicles,  they  themselves  prefer  to  ride  in  vehicles  that  prioritize  the  lives  of  people  inside  the  vehicle  at  all  costs.  this  presents  a  paradox  in  which  people  prefer  that  others  drive  utilitarian  vehicles  designed  to  maximize  the  lives  preserved  in  a  fatal  situation  but  want  to  ride  in  cars  that  prioritize  the  safety  of  passengers  at  all  costs.  people  disapprove  of  regulations  that  promote  utilitarian  views  and  would  be  less  willing  to  purchase  a  selfdriving  car  that  may  opt  to  promote
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  greatest  good  at  the  expense  of  its  passengers.bonnefon  et  al.  conclude  that  the  regulation  of  autonomous  vehicle  ethical  prescriptions  may  be  counterproductive  to  societal  safety.  this  is  because,  if  the  government  mandates  utilitarian  ethics  and  people  prefer  to  ride  in  selfprotective  cars,  it  could  prevent  the  large  scale  implementation  of  selfdriving  cars.  delaying  the  adoption  of  autonomous  cars  vitiates  the  safety  of  society  as  a  whole  because  this  technology  is  projected  to  save  so  many  lives.  this  is  a  paradigmatic  example  of  the  tragedy  of  the  commons  in  which  rational  actors  cater  to  their  selfinterested  preferences  at  the  expense
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  societal  utility.  anticipated  launch  of  cars  in  december  2015,  tesla  ceo  elon  musk  predicted  that  a  completely  automated  car  would  be  introduced  by  the  end  of  2018;  in  december  2017,  he  announced  that  it  would  take  another  two  years  to  launch  a  fully  selfdriving  tesla  onto  the  market.waymo  launched  a  ride  hailing  service  in  phoenix  in  december,  2018.  it  seems  the  clear  leader  in  self  driving  cars,  although  its  crash  rate  in  california  is  still  higher  than  a  novice  driver.  drive.ai  is  doing  a  trial  run  in  frisco,  texas  and  arlington  texas.  in  fiction  in  film  the  automated  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy occasionally  sentient  selfdriving  car  story  has  earned  its  place  in  both  literary  science  fiction  and  pop  scifi.a  vw  beetle  named  dudu  features  in  the  1971  to  1978  german  superbug  film  series  of  movies  similar  to  disneys  herbie,  but  with  an  electronic  brain.  herbie,  also  a  beetle,  was  depicted  as  an  anthropomorphic  car  with  its  own  spirit.in  the  film  batman  1989,  starring  michael  keaton,  the  batmobile  is  shown  to  be  able  to  drive  to  batmans  current  location  with  some  navigation  commands  from  batman  and  possibly  some  automation.  in  the  1992  sequel  batman  returns  the  batmobiles  selfdriving  system  is  hijacked  by  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy penguin,  who  wreaks  havoc  through  the  city  to  frame  batman  until  bruce  undoes  the  sabotage.the  film  total  recall  1990,  starring  arnold  schwarzenegger,  features  taxis  called  johnny  cabs  controlled  by  artificial  intelligence  in  the  shape  of  an  android  bust,  while  still  possessing  a  joystick  for  manual  control.the  film  demolition  man  1993,  starring  sylvester  stallone  and  set  in  2032,  features  vehicles  that  can  be  selfdriven  or  commanded  to  auto  mode  where  a  voicecontrolled  computer  operates  the  vehicle.the  film  timecop  1994,  starring  jeanclaude  van  damme,  set  in  2004  and  1994,  has  automated  cars.another  arnold  schwarzenegger  movie,  the  6th  day  2000,  features  an  automated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy car  commanded  by  michael  rapaport.the  film  minority  report  2002,  set  in  washington,  dc  in  2054,  features  an  extended  chase  sequence  involving  automated  cars.  the  vehicle  of  protagonist  john  anderton  is  transporting  him  when  its  systems  are  overridden  by  police  in  an  attempt  to  bring  him  into  custody.the  film  the  incredibles  2004,  mr.  incredible  makes  his  car  later  revealed  to  be  called  the  incredibile  automated  while  it  changes  him  into  his  supersuit  when  driving  to  catch  up  to  a  car  of  robbers  on  the  run.  the  car  reappears  in  the  sequel  incredibles  2  2018  where  it  is  used  by  dash  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy violet  parr  to  escape  from  brainwashed  superheroes  controlled  by  the  villain  screenslaver  and  to  board  winston  deavors  ship.the  film  i,  robot  2004,  set  in  chicago  in  2035,  features  automated  vehicles  driving  on  highways,  allowing  the  car  to  travel  safer  at  higher  speeds  than  if  manually  controlled.  the  option  to  manually  operate  the  vehicles  is  available.in  the  film  eagle  eye  2008  shia  labeouf  and  michelle  monaghan  are  driven  around  in  a  porsche  cayenne  that  is  controlled  by  ariia  a  giant  supercomputer.the  film  hot  tub  time  machine  2  2015  features  automated  cars  that  appear  ten  years  in  the  future  from  the  films
__label__controloptimizationautonomy present  time.  one  car  targets  lou  dorchen  after  he  insults  it  and  it  later  helps  the  main  characters  return  to  the  hot  tub  time  machine  after  lou  apologizes  to  it  for  his  insults.in  the  cgi  animated  short  film  you  are  not  alone  2016,  which  is  set  in  2058,  an  automated  car  helps  the  main  protagonist  reach  the  surface  to  find  her  sister.  the  car  later  sacrifices  itself  to  help  the  protagonist  escape  from  the  pursuing  authorities.geostorm  2017,  set  in  2022,  features  a  selfdriving  taxi  stolen  by  protagonists  max  lawson  and  sarah  wilson  to  protect  the  president  from  mercenaries  and  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy superstorm.the  film  logan  2017,  set  in  2029,  features  fully  automated  trucks.blade  runner  2049  2017  opens  with  lapd  replicant  cop  k  waking  up  in  his  modern  spinner  a  flying  police  car,  now  featuring  automatic  driver  and  separable  surveillance  roof  drone  on  approach  to  a  protein  farm  in  northern  california.upgrade  2018,  set  in  a  not  too  distant  future,  highlights  the  hazardous  side  to  automated  cars  as  their  driving  systems  can  get  hijacked  and  imperil  the  passengers.in  the  film  childs  play  2019  chucky  hijacks  a  selfdriving  kaslan  car  for  the  murder  of  mikes  mother,  making  it  crash  into  normal  cars  at  a  department
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stores  parking  lot.  in  literature  intelligent  or  selfdriving  cars  are  a  common  theme  in  science  fiction  literature.  examples  include:in  isaac  asimovs  sciencefiction  short  story,  sally  first  published  mayjune  1953,  automated  cars  have  positronic  brains  and  communicate  via  honking  horns  and  slamming  doors,  and  save  their  human  caretaker.  due  to  the  high  cost  of  the  brain,  few  can  afford  a  personal  vehicle,  so  buses  have  become  the  norm.peter  f.  hamiltons  commonwealth  saga  series  features  intelligent  or  selfdriving  vehicles.in  robert  a  heinleins  novel,  the  number  of  the  beast  1980,  zeb  carters  driving  and  flying  car  gay  deceiver  is  at  first  semiautomated  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy later,  after  modifications  by  zebs  wife  deety,  becomes  sentient  and  capable  of  fully  autonomous  operation.in  edizioni  piemmes  series  geronimo  stilton,  a  robotic  vehicle  called  solar  is  in  the  54th  book.alastair  reynolds  series,  revelation  space,  features  intelligent  or  selfdriving  vehicles.in  daniel  suarez  novels  daemon  2006  and  freedom  2010  driverless  cars  and  motorcycles  are  used  for  attacks  in  a  softwarebased  opensource  warfare.  the  vehicles  are  modified  for  this  using  3d  printers  and  distributed  manufacturing  and  are  also  able  to  operate  as  swarms.  in  television  gone  in  60  seconds  season  2,  episode  6  of  2015  tv  series  csi:  cyber  features  three  seemingly  normal
__label__controloptimizationautonomy customized  vehicles,  a  2009  nissan  fairlady  z  roadster,  a  bmw  m3  e90  and  a  cadillac  ctsv,  and  one  stock  luxury  bmw  7  series,  being  remotecontrolled  by  a  computer  hacker.handicar,  season  18,  episode  4  of  2014  tv  series  south  park  features  a  japanese  automated  car  that  takes  part  in  the  wacky  racesstyle  car  race.kitt  and  karr,  the  pontiac  firebird  transams  in  the  1982  tv  series  knight  rider,  were  sentient  and  autonomous.  the  kitt  and  karr  based  ford  mustangs  from  knight  rider  were  also  sentient  and  autonomous,  like  their  firebird  counterparts.driven,  series  4  episode  11  of  the  2003  tv  series  ncis  features
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  robotic  vehicle  named  otto,  part  of  a  highlevel  project  of  the  department  of  defense,  which  causes  the  death  of  a  navy  lieutenant,  and  then  later  almost  kills  abby.the  tv  series  viper  features  a  silver/grey  armored  assault  vehicle,  called  the  defender,  which  masquerades  as  a  flamered  1992  dodge  viper  rt/10  and  later  as  a  1998  cobalt  blue  dodge  viper  gts.  the  vehicles  sophisticated  computer  systems  allow  it  to  be  controlled  via  remote  on  some  occasions.black  mirror  episode  hated  in  the  nation  briefly  features  a  selfdriving  suv  with  a  touchscreen  interface  on  the  inside.bull  has  a  show  discussing  the  effectiveness  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy safety  of  selfdriving  cars  in  an  episode  call  e.j.in  rescue  bot  academy,  season  3,  episode  19  of  transformers:  rescue  bots,  chief  burns  tells  jerry  that  the  autobot  blurr  whom  jerry  had  seen  crash  into  a  statue  and  discovered  that  there  was  no  driver  is  a  selfdriving  car  made  by  doc  greene  to  prevent  blurrs  secret  from  being  revealed.  see  also  references  further  reading  otoole,  randal  18  january  2010.  gridlock:  why  were  stuck  in  traffic  and  what  to  do  about  it.  cato  institute.  isbn  9781935308249.macdonald,  iain  david  graham  2011.  a  simulated  autonomous  car  pdf  thesis.  the  university  of  edinburgh.  retrieved  17
__label__controloptimizationautonomy april  2013.knight,  will  22  october  2013.  the  future  of  selfdriving  cars.  mit  technology  review.  retrieved  22  july  2016.taiebat,  morteza;  brown,  austin;  safford,  hannah;  qu,  shen;  xu,  ming  2018.  a  review  on  energy,  environmental,  and  sustainability  implications  of  connected  and  automated  vehicles.  environmental  science  technology.  52  20:  1144911465.  arxiv:1901.10581.  doi:10.1021/acs.est.8b00127.  pmid  30192527.glancy,  dorothy  2016.  a  look  at  the  legal  environment  for  driverless  vehicles  pdf  report.  national  cooperative  highway  research  program  legal  research  digest.  69.  washington,  dc:  transportation  research  board.  isbn  9780309375016.  retrieved  22  july  2016.newbold,  richard  17  june  2015.  the  driving  forces  behind  what  would  be  the  next  revolution  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy haulage  sector.  the  loadstar.  retrieved  22  july  2016.bergen,  mark  27  october  2015.  meet  the  companies  building  selfdriving  cars  for  google  and  tesla  and  maybe  apple.  re/code.john  a.  volpe  national  transportation  systems  center  march  2016.  review  of  federal  motor  vehicle  safety  standards  fmvss  for  automated  vehicles:  identifying  potential  barriers  and  challenges  for  the  certification  of  automated  vehicles  using  existing  fmvss  pdf.  national  transportation  library.  us  department  of  transportation.slone,  sean  august  2016.  state  laws  on  autonomous  vehicles  pdf.  capitol  research  transportation  policy.  council  of  state  governments.  retrieved  28  september  2016.steve  henn  31  july  2015.  remembering  when  driverless  elevators  drew  skepticism.james  m.  anderson;
__label__controloptimizationautonomy et  al.  2016.  autonomous  vehicle  technology:  a  guide  for  policymakers  pdf.  rand  corporation.gereon  meyer,  sven  beiker  eds.,  road  vehicle  automation,  springer  international  publishing  2014,  isbn  9783319059907,  and  following  issues:  road  vehicle  automation  2  2015,  road  vehicle  automation  3  2016,  road  vehicle  automation  4  2017,  road  vehicle  automation  5  2018,  road  vehicle  automation  6  2019.  these  books  are  based  on  presentations  and  discussions  at  the  automated  vehicles  symposium  organized  annually  by  trb  and  auvsi.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy motion  planning  also  known  as  the  navigation  problem  or  the  piano  movers  problem  is  a  term  used  in  robotics  is  to  find  a  sequence  of  valid  configurations  that  moves  the  robot  from  the  source  to  destination.for  example,  consider  navigating  a  mobile  robot  inside  a  building  to  a  distant  waypoint.  it  should  execute  this  task  while  avoiding  walls  and  not  falling  down  stairs.  a  motion  planning  algorithm  would  take  a  description  of  these  tasks  as  input,  and  produce  the  speed  and  turning  commands  sent  to  the  robots  wheels.  motion  planning  algorithms  might  address  robots  with  a  larger  number  of  joints  e.g.,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industrial  manipulators,  more  complex  tasks  e.g.  manipulation  of  objects,  different  constraints  e.g.,  a  car  that  can  only  drive  forward,  and  uncertainty  e.g.  imperfect  models  of  the  environment  or  robot.motion  planning  has  several  robotics  applications,  such  as  autonomy,  automation,  and  robot  design  in  cad  software,  as  well  as  applications  in  other  fields,  such  as  animating  digital  characters,  video  game,  artificial  intelligence,  architectural  design,  robotic  surgery,  and  the  study  of  biological  molecules.  concepts  a  basic  motion  planning  problem  is  to  produce  a  continuous  motion  that  connects  a  start  configuration  s  and  a  goal  configuration  g,  while  avoiding  collision  with  known  obstacles.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robot  and  obstacle  geometry  is  described  in  a  2d  or  3d  workspace,  while  the  motion  is  represented  as  a  path  in  possibly  higherdimensional  configuration  space.  configuration  space  a  configuration  describes  the  pose  of  the  robot,  and  the  configuration  space  c  is  the  set  of  all  possible  configurations.  for  example:if  the  robot  is  a  single  point  zerosized  translating  in  a  2dimensional  plane  the  workspace,  c  is  a  plane,  and  a  configuration  can  be  represented  using  two  parameters  x,  y.if  the  robot  is  a  2d  shape  that  can  translate  and  rotate,  the  workspace  is  still  2dimensional.  however,  c  is  the  special  euclidean
__label__controloptimizationautonomy group  se2  r2  displaystyle  times  so2  where  so2  is  the  special  orthogonal  group  of  2d  rotations,  and  a  configuration  can  be  represented  using  3  parameters  x,  y,  .if  the  robot  is  a  solid  3d  shape  that  can  translate  and  rotate,  the  workspace  is  3dimensional,  but  c  is  the  special  euclidean  group  se3  r3  displaystyle  times  so3,  and  a  configuration  requires  6  parameters:  x,  y,  z  for  translation,  and  euler  angles  ,  ,  .if  the  robot  is  a  fixedbase  manipulator  with  n  revolute  joints  and  no  closedloops,  c  is  ndimensional.  free  space  the  set  of  configurations  that  avoids  collision  with  obstacles
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  called  the  free  space  cfree.  the  complement  of  cfree  in  c  is  called  the  obstacle  or  forbidden  region.often,  it  is  prohibitively  difficult  to  explicitly  compute  the  shape  of  cfree.  however,  testing  whether  a  given  configuration  is  in  cfree  is  efficient.  first,  forward  kinematics  determine  the  position  of  the  robots  geometry,  and  collision  detection  tests  if  the  robots  geometry  collides  with  the  environments  geometry.  target  space  target  space  is  a  linear  subspace  of  free  space  which  denotes  where  we  want  the  robot  to  move  to.  in  global  motion  planning,  target  space  is  observable  by  the  robots  sensors.  however,  in  local
__label__controloptimizationautonomy motion  planning,  the  robot  cannot  observe  the  target  space  in  some  states.  to  solve  this  problem,  the  robot  goes  through  several  virtual  target  spaces,  each  of  which  is  located  within  the  observable  area  around  the  robot.  a  virtual  target  space  is  called  a  subgoal.  obstacle  space  obstacle  space  is  a  space  that  the  robot  can  not  move  to.  obstacle  space  is  not  opposite  of  free  space.  danger  space  danger  space  is  a  space  that  robot  can  but  it  is  not  desired  move  to.  danger  space  is  not  an  obstacle  nor  free  space.  for  example,  mud  pits  in  a  wooded  area
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  greasy  floor  in  a  factory  can  be  considered  as  a  danger  space.  if  the  robot  cannot  find  a  trajectory  that  completely  belong  to  free  space,  it  must  pass  through  the  danger  space.  in  some  cases,  in  the  motion  planning  with  time/energy  constraint  robot  may  prefer  to  take  a  short  trajectory  in  danger  space  instead  of  long  path  in  free  space.  algorithms  lowdimensional  problems  can  be  solved  with  gridbased  algorithms  that  overlay  a  grid  on  top  of  configuration  space,  or  geometric  algorithms  that  compute  the  shape  and  connectivity  of  cfree.exact  motion  planning  for  highdimensional  systems  under  complex  constraints  is  computationally
__label__controloptimizationautonomy intractable.  potentialfield  algorithms  are  efficient,  but  fall  prey  to  local  minima  an  exception  is  the  harmonic  potential  fields.  samplingbased  algorithms  avoid  the  problem  of  local  minima,  and  solve  many  problems  quite  quickly.they  are  unable  to  determine  that  no  path  exists,  but  they  have  a  probability  of  failure  that  decreases  to  zero  as  more  time  is  spent.samplingbased  algorithms  are  currently  considered  stateoftheart  for  motion  planning  in  highdimensional  spaces,  and  have  been  applied  to  problems  which  have  dozens  or  even  hundreds  of  dimensions  robotic  manipulators,  biological  molecules,  animated  digital  characters,  and  legged  robots.  gridbased  search  gridbased  approaches  overlay  a  grid  on  configuration
__label__controloptimizationautonomy space,  and  assume  each  configuration  is  identified  with  a  grid  point.  at  each  grid  point,  the  robot  is  allowed  to  move  to  adjacent  grid  points  as  long  as  the  line  between  them  is  completely  contained  within  cfree  this  is  tested  with  collision  detection.  this  discretizes  the  set  of  actions,  and  search  algorithms  like  a  are  used  to  find  a  path  from  the  start  to  the  goal.these  approaches  require  setting  a  grid  resolution.  search  is  faster  with  coarser  grids,  but  the  algorithm  will  fail  to  find  paths  through  narrow  portions  of  cfree.  furthermore,  the  number  of  points  on  the  grid  grows
__label__controloptimizationautonomy exponentially  in  the  configuration  space  dimension,  which  make  them  inappropriate  for  highdimensional  problems.traditional  gridbased  approaches  produce  paths  whose  heading  changes  are  constrained  to  multiples  of  a  given  base  angle,  often  resulting  in  suboptimal  paths.  anyangle  path  planning  approaches  find  shorter  paths  by  propagating  information  along  grid  edges  to  search  fast  without  constraining  their  paths  to  grid  edges  to  find  short  paths.gridbased  approaches  often  need  to  search  repeatedly,  for  example,  when  the  knowledge  of  the  robot  about  the  configuration  space  changes  or  the  configuration  space  itself  changes  during  path  following.  incremental  heuristic  search  algorithms  replan  fast  by  using  experience  with  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy previous  similar  pathplanning  problems  to  speed  up  their  search  for  the  current  one.  intervalbased  search  these  approaches  are  similar  to  gridbased  search  approaches  except  that  they  generate  a  paving  covering  entirely  the  configuration  space  instead  of  a  grid.  the  paving  is  decomposed  into  two  subpavings  x,x  made  with  boxes  such  that  x  cfree  x.  characterizing  cfree  amounts  to  solve  a  set  inversion  problem.  interval  analysis  could  thus  be  used  when  cfree  cannot  be  described  by  linear  inequalities  in  order  to  have  a  guaranteed  enclosure.the  robot  is  thus  allowed  to  move  freely  in  x,  and  cannot  go  outside  x.  to  both
__label__controloptimizationautonomy subpavings,  a  neighbor  graph  is  built  and  paths  can  be  found  using  algorithms  such  as  dijkstra  or  a.  when  a  path  is  feasible  in  x,  it  is  also  feasible  in  cfree.  when  no  path  exists  in  x  from  one  initial  configuration  to  the  goal,  we  have  the  guarantee  that  no  feasible  path  exists  in  cfree.  as  for  the  gridbased  approach,  the  interval  approach  is  inappropriate  for  highdimensional  problems,  due  to  the  fact  that  the  number  of  boxes  to  be  generated  grows  exponentially  with  respect  to  the  dimension  of  configuration  space.an  illustration  is  provided  by  the  three  figures  on  the  right
__label__controloptimizationautonomy where  a  hook  with  two  degrees  of  freedom  has  to  move  from  the  left  to  the  right,  avoiding  two  horizontal  small  segments.  the  decomposition  with  subpavings  using  interval  analysis  also  makes  it  possible  to  characterize  the  topology  of  cfree  such  as  counting  its  number  of  connected  components.  geometric  algorithms  point  robots  among  polygonal  obstaclesvisibility  graphcell  decompositiontranslating  objects  among  obstaclesminkowski  sumfinding  the  way  out  of  a  buildingfarthest  ray  tracegiven  a  bundle  of  rays  around  the  current  position  attributed  with  their  length  hitting  a  wall,  the  robot  moves  into  the  direction  of  the  longest  ray  unless  a  door  is  identified.  such  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy algorithm  was  used  for  modeling  emergency  egress  from  buildings.  rewardbased  algorithms  rewardbased  algorithms  assume  that  the  robot  in  each  state  position  and  internal  state,  including  direction  can  choose  between  different  actions  motion.  however,  the  result  of  each  action  is  not  definite.  in  other  words,  outcomes  displacement  are  partly  random  and  partly  under  the  control  of  the  robot.  the  robot  gets  positive  reward  when  it  reaches  the  target  and  gets  negative  reward  if  it  collides  with  an  obstacle.  these  algorithms  try  to  find  a  path  which  maximizes  cumulative  future  rewards.  the  markov  decision  process  mdp  is  a  popular  mathematical  framework  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  used  in  many  rewardbased  algorithms.  the  advantage  of  mdps  over  other  rewardbased  algorithms  is  that  they  generate  the  optimal  path.  the  disadvantage  of  mdps  is  that  they  limit  the  robot  to  choose  from  a  finite  set  of  actions.  therefore,  the  path  is  not  smooth  similar  to  gridbased  approaches.  fuzzy  markov  decision  processes  fdmpsis  an  extension  of  mdps  which  generate  smooth  path  with  using  an  fuzzy  inference  system.  artificial  potential  fields  one  approach  is  to  treat  the  robots  configuration  as  a  point  in  a  potential  field  that  combines  attraction  to  the  goal,  and  repulsion  from  obstacles.  the  resulting  trajectory  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy output  as  the  path.  this  approach  has  advantages  in  that  the  trajectory  is  produced  with  little  computation.  however,  they  can  become  trapped  in  local  minima  of  the  potential  field  and  fail  to  find  a  path,  or  can  find  a  nonoptimal  path.  the  artificial  potential  fields  can  be  treated  as  continuum  equations  similar  to  electrostatic  potential  fields  treating  the  robot  like  a  point  charge,  or  motion  through  the  field  can  be  discretized  using  a  set  of  linguistic  rules.  samplingbased  algorithms  samplingbased  algorithms  represent  the  configuration  space  with  a  roadmap  of  sampled  configurations.a  basic  algorithm  samples  n  configurations  in  c,  and  retains
__label__controloptimizationautonomy those  in  cfree  to  use  as  milestones.  a  roadmap  is  then  constructed  that  connects  two  milestones  p  and  q  if  the  line  segment  pq  is  completely  in  cfree.  again,  collision  detection  is  used  to  test  inclusion  in  cfree.  to  find  a  path  that  connects  s  and  g,  they  are  added  to  the  roadmap.  if  a  path  in  the  roadmap  links  s  and  g,  the  planner  succeeds,  and  returns  that  path.  if  not,  the  reason  is  not  definitive:  either  there  is  no  path  in  cfree,  or  the  planner  did  not  sample  enough  milestones.these  algorithms  work  well  for  highdimensional  configuration  spaces,  because
__label__controloptimizationautonomy unlike  combinatorial  algorithms,  their  running  time  is  not  explicitly  exponentially  dependent  on  the  dimension  of  c.  they  are  also  generally  substantially  easier  to  implement.  they  are  probabilistically  complete,  meaning  the  probability  that  they  will  produce  a  solution  approaches  1  as  more  time  is  spent.  however,  they  cannot  determine  if  no  solution  exists.given  basic  visibility  conditions  on  cfree,  it  has  been  proven  that  as  the  number  of  configurations  n  grows  higher,  the  probability  that  the  above  algorithm  finds  a  solution  approaches  1  exponentially.  visibility  is  not  explicitly  dependent  on  the  dimension  of  c;  it  is  possible  to  have  a  highdimensional  space
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  good  visibility  or  a  lowdimensional  space  with  poor  visibility.  the  experimental  success  of  samplebased  methods  suggests  that  most  commonly  seen  spaces  have  good  visibility.there  are  many  variants  of  this  basic  scheme:it  is  typically  much  faster  to  only  test  segments  between  nearby  pairs  of  milestones,  rather  than  all  pairs.nonuniform  sampling  distributions  attempt  to  place  more  milestones  in  areas  that  improve  the  connectivity  of  the  roadmap.quasirandom  samples  typically  produce  a  better  covering  of  configuration  space  than  pseudorandom  ones,  though  some  recent  work  argues  that  the  effect  of  the  source  of  randomness  is  minimal  compared  to  the  effect  of  the  sampling  distribution.it
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  possible  to  substantially  reduce  the  number  of  milestones  needed  to  solve  a  given  problem  by  allowing  curved  eye  sights  for  example  by  crawling  on  the  obstacles  that  block  the  way  between  two  milestones.if  only  one  or  a  few  planning  queries  are  needed,  it  is  not  always  necessary  to  construct  a  roadmap  of  the  entire  space.  treegrowing  variants  are  typically  faster  for  this  case  singlequery  planning.  roadmaps  are  still  useful  if  many  queries  are  to  be  made  on  the  same  space  multiquery  planning  list  of  notable  algorithms  adrapidlyexploring  random  treeprobabilistic  roadmap  completeness  and  performance  a  motion  planner  is  said  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  complete  if  the  planner  in  finite  time  either  produces  a  solution  or  correctly  reports  that  there  is  none.  most  complete  algorithms  are  geometrybased.  the  performance  of  a  complete  planner  is  assessed  by  its  computational  complexity.resolution  completeness  is  the  property  that  the  planner  is  guaranteed  to  find  a  path  if  the  resolution  of  an  underlying  grid  is  fine  enough.  most  resolution  complete  planners  are  gridbased  or  intervalbased.  the  computational  complexity  of  resolution  complete  planners  is  dependent  on  the  number  of  points  in  the  underlying  grid,  which  is  o1/hd,  where  h  is  the  resolution  the  length  of  one  side  of  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy grid  cell  and  d  is  the  configuration  space  dimension.probabilistic  completeness  is  the  property  that  as  more  work  is  performed,  the  probability  that  the  planner  fails  to  find  a  path,  if  one  exists,  asymptotically  approaches  zero.  several  samplebased  methods  are  probabilistically  complete.  the  performance  of  a  probabilistically  complete  planner  is  measured  by  the  rate  of  convergence.incomplete  planners  do  not  always  produce  a  feasible  path  when  one  exists.  sometimes  incomplete  planners  do  work  well  in  practice.  problem  variants  many  algorithms  have  been  developed  to  handle  variants  of  this  basic  problem.  differential  constraints  holonomicmanipulator  arms  with  dynamicsnonholonomiccarsunicyclesplanesacceleration  bounded  systemsmoving  obstacles  time  cannot  go
__label__controloptimizationautonomy backwardbeveltip  steerable  needledifferential  drive  robots  optimality  constraints  hybrid  systems  hybrid  systems  are  those  that  mix  discrete  and  continuous  behavior.  examples  of  such  systems  are:robotic  manipulationmechanical  assemblylegged  robot  locomotionreconfigurable  robots  uncertainty  motion  uncertaintymissing  informationactive  sensingsensorless  planning  applications  robot  navigationautomationthe  driverless  carrobotic  surgerydigital  character  animationprotein  foldingsafety  and  accessibility  in  computeraided  architectural  design  see  also  gimbal  lock  similar  traditional  issue  in  mechanical  engineeringkinodynamic  planningmountain  climbing  problemompl  the  open  motion  planning  librarypathfindingpebble  motion  problems  multirobot  motion  planningshortest  path  problemvelocity  obstacle  references  further  reading  latombe,  jeanclaude  2012.  robot  motion  planning.  springer  science  business  media.  isbn  9781461540229.planning  algorithms,  steven  m.  lavalle,  2006,  cambridge  university  press,  isbn
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 0521862051.principles  of  robot  motion:  theory,  algorithms,  and  implementation,  h.  choset,  w.  burgard,  s.  hutchinson,  g.  kantor,  l.  e.  kavraki,  k.  lynch,  and  s.  thrun,  mit  press,  april  2005.mark  de  berg;  marc  van  kreveld;  mark  overmars  otfried  schwarzkopf  2000.  computational  geometry  2nd  revised  ed..  springerverlag.  isbn  9783540656203.  chapter  13:  robot  motion  planning:  pp.  267290.  external  links  open  robotics  automation  virtual  environment,  http://openrave.org/jeanclaude  latombe  talks  about  his  work  with  robots  and  motion  planning,  5  april  2000open  motion  planning  library  ompl,  http://ompl.kavrakilab.orgmotion  strategy  library,  http://msl.cs.uiuc.edu/msl/motion  planning  kit,  https://ai.stanford.edu/mitul/mpksimox,  http://simox.sourceforge.netrobot  motion  planning  and  control,  http://www.laas.fr/7ejpl/book.html
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  autonomous  robot  is  a  robot  that  performs  behaviors  or  tasks  with  a  high  degree  of  autonomy  without  external  influence.  autonomous  robotics  is  usually  considered  to  be  a  subfield  of  artificial  intelligence,  robotics,  and  information  engineering.  early  versions  were  proposed  and  demonstrated  by  author/inventor  david  l.  heiserman.autonomous  robots  are  particularly  desirable  in  fields  such  as  spaceflight,  household  maintenance  such  as  cleaning,  waste  water  treatment,  and  delivering  goods  and  services.some  modern  factory  robots  are  autonomous  within  the  strict  confines  of  their  direct  environment.  it  may  not  be  that  every  degree  of  freedom  exists  in  their  surrounding  environment,  but  the  factory  robots
__label__controloptimizationautonomy workplace  is  challenging  and  can  often  contain  chaotic,  unpredicted  variables.  the  exact  orientation  and  position  of  the  next  object  of  work  and  in  the  more  advanced  factories  even  the  type  of  object  and  the  required  task  must  be  determined.  this  can  vary  unpredictably  at  least  from  the  robots  point  of  view.one  important  area  of  robotics  research  is  to  enable  the  robot  to  cope  with  its  environment  whether  this  be  on  land,  underwater,  in  the  air,  underground,  or  in  space.a  fully  autonomous  robot  can:gain  information  about  the  environmentwork  for  an  extended  period  without  human  interventionmove  either  all  or  part  of  itself
__label__controloptimizationautonomy throughout  its  operating  environment  without  human  assistanceavoid  situations  that  are  harmful  to  people,  property,  or  itself  unless  those  are  part  of  its  design  specificationsan  autonomous  robot  may  also  learn  or  gain  new  knowledge  like  adjusting  for  new  methods  of  accomplishing  its  tasks  or  adapting  to  changing  surroundings.like  other  machines,  autonomous  robots  still  require  regular  maintenance.  components  and  criteria  of  robotic  autonomy  selfmaintenance  the  first  requirement  for  complete  physical  autonomy  is  the  ability  for  a  robot  to  take  care  of  itself.  many  of  the  batterypowered  robots  on  the  market  today  can  find  and  connect  to  a  charging  station,  and  some  toys
__label__controloptimizationautonomy like  sonys  aibo  are  capable  of  selfdocking  to  charge  their  batteries.selfmaintenance  is  based  on  proprioception,  or  sensing  ones  own  internal  status.  in  the  battery  charging  example,  the  robot  can  tell  proprioceptively  that  its  batteries  are  low  and  it  then  seeks  the  charger.  another  common  proprioceptive  sensor  is  for  heat  monitoring.  increased  proprioception  will  be  required  for  robots  to  work  autonomously  near  people  and  in  harsh  environments.  common  proprioceptive  sensors  include  thermal,  optical,  and  haptic  sensing,  as  well  as  the  hall  effect  electric.  sensing  the  environment  exteroception  is  sensing  things  about  the  environment.  autonomous  robots  must  have  a  range  of  environmental
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors  to  perform  their  task  and  stay  out  of  trouble.common  exteroceptive  sensors  include  the  electromagnetic  spectrum,  sound,  touch,  chemical  smell,  odor,  temperature,  range  to  various  objects,  and  altitude.some  robotic  lawn  mowers  will  adapt  their  programming  by  detecting  the  speed  in  which  grass  grows  as  needed  to  maintain  a  perfectly  cut  lawn,  and  some  vacuum  cleaning  robots  have  dirt  detectors  that  sense  how  much  dirt  is  being  picked  up  and  use  this  information  to  tell  them  to  stay  in  one  area  longer.  task  performance  the  next  step  in  autonomous  behavior  is  to  actually  perform  a  physical  task.  a  new  area  showing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy commercial  promise  is  domestic  robots,  with  a  flood  of  small  vacuuming  robots  beginning  with  irobot  and  electrolux  in  2002.  while  the  level  of  intelligence  is  not  high  in  these  systems,  they  navigate  over  wide  areas  and  pilot  in  tight  situations  around  homes  using  contact  and  noncontact  sensors.  both  of  these  robots  use  proprietary  algorithms  to  increase  coverage  over  simple  random  bounce.the  next  level  of  autonomous  task  performance  requires  a  robot  to  perform  conditional  tasks.  for  instance,  security  robots  can  be  programmed  to  detect  intruders  and  respond  in  a  particular  way  depending  upon  where  the  intruder  is.  autonomous  navigation  indoor  navigation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  a  robot  to  associate  behaviors  with  a  place  localization  requires  it  to  know  where  it  is  and  to  be  able  to  navigate  pointtopoint.  such  navigation  began  with  wireguidance  in  the  1970s  and  progressed  in  the  early  2000s  to  beaconbased  triangulation.  current  commercial  robots  autonomously  navigate  based  on  sensing  natural  features.  the  first  commercial  robots  to  achieve  this  were  pyxus  helpmate  hospital  robot  and  the  cybermotion  guard  robot,  both  designed  by  robotics  pioneers  in  the  1980s.  these  robots  originally  used  manually  created  cad  floor  plans,  sonar  sensing  and  wallfollowing  variations  to  navigate  buildings.  the  next  generation,  such  as  mobilerobots  patrolbot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  autonomous  wheelchair,  both  introduced  in  2004,  have  the  ability  to  create  their  own  laserbased  maps  of  a  building  and  to  navigate  open  areas  as  well  as  corridors.  their  control  system  changes  its  path  on  the  fly  if  something  blocks  the  way.at  first,  autonomous  navigation  was  based  on  planar  sensors,  such  as  laser  rangefinders,  that  can  only  sense  at  one  level.  the  most  advanced  systems  now  fuse  information  from  various  sensors  for  both  localization  position  and  navigation.  systems  such  as  motivity  can  rely  on  different  sensors  in  different  areas,  depending  upon  which  provides  the  most  reliable  data  at  the  time,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  can  remap  a  building  autonomously.rather  than  climb  stairs,  which  requires  highly  specialized  hardware,  most  indoor  robots  navigate  handicappedaccessible  areas,  controlling  elevators,  and  electronic  doors.  with  such  electronic  accesscontrol  interfaces,  robots  can  now  freely  navigate  indoors.  autonomously  climbing  stairs  and  opening  doors  manually  are  topics  of  research  at  the  current  time.as  these  indoor  techniques  continue  to  develop,  vacuuming  robots  will  gain  the  ability  to  clean  a  specific  userspecified  room  or  a  whole  floor.  security  robots  will  be  able  to  cooperatively  surround  intruders  and  cut  off  exits.  these  advances  also  bring  concomitant  protections:  robots  internal  maps  typically  permit  forbidden  areas  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  defined  to  prevent  robots  from  autonomously  entering  certain  regions.  outdoor  navigation  outdoor  autonomy  is  most  easily  achieved  in  the  air,  since  obstacles  are  rare.  cruise  missiles  are  rather  dangerous  highly  autonomous  robots.  pilotless  drone  aircraft  are  increasingly  used  for  reconnaissance.  some  of  these  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  are  capable  of  flying  their  entire  mission  without  any  human  interaction  at  all  except  possibly  for  the  landing  where  a  person  intervenes  using  radio  remote  control.  some  drones  are  capable  of  safe,  automatic  landings,  however.  an  autonomous  ship  was  announced  in  2014the  autonomous  spaceport  drone  shipand  is  scheduled  to  make  its  first
__label__controloptimizationautonomy operational  test  in  december  2014.outdoor  autonomy  is  the  most  difficult  for  ground  vehicles,  due  to:threedimensional  terraingreat  disparities  in  surface  densityweather  exigenciesinstability  of  the  sensed  environment  open  problems  in  autonomous  robotics  there  are  several  open  problems  in  autonomous  robotics  which  are  special  to  the  field  rather  than  being  a  part  of  the  general  pursuit  of  ai.  according  to  george  a.  bekeys  autonomous  robots:  from  biological  inspiration  to  implementation  and  control,  problems  include  things  such  as  making  sure  the  robot  is  able  to  function  correctly  and  not  run  into  obstacles  autonomously.energy  autonomy  and  foragingresearchers  concerned  with  creating  true  artificial  life  are  concerned
__label__controloptimizationautonomy not  only  with  intelligent  control,  but  further  with  the  capacity  of  the  robot  to  find  its  own  resources  through  foraging  looking  for  food,  which  includes  both  energy  and  spare  parts.this  is  related  to  autonomous  foraging,  a  concern  within  the  sciences  of  behavioral  ecology,  social  anthropology,  and  human  behavioral  ecology;  as  well  as  robotics,  artificial  intelligence,  and  artificial  life.  history  and  development  the  seekur  robot  was  the  first  commercially  available  robot  to  demonstrate  mdarslike  capabilities  for  general  use  by  airports,  utility  plants,  corrections  facilities  and  homeland  security.the  mars  rovers  mera  and  merb  now  known  as  spirit  rover  and  opportunity  rover  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy find  the  position  of  the  sun  and  navigate  their  own  routes  to  destinations,  on  the  fly,  by:mapping  the  surface  with  3d  visioncomputing  safe  and  unsafe  areas  on  the  surface  within  that  field  of  visioncomputing  optimal  paths  across  the  safe  area  towards  the  desired  destinationdriving  along  the  calculated  route;repeating  this  cycle  until  either  the  destination  is  reached,  or  there  is  no  known  path  to  the  destinationthe  planned  esa  rover,  exomars  rover,  is  capable  of  vision  based  relative  localisation  and  absolute  localisation  to  autonomously  navigate  safe  and  efficient  trajectories  to  targets  by:reconstructing  3d  models  of  the  terrain  surrounding  the  rover  using  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pair  of  stereo  camerasdetermining  safe  and  unsafe  areas  of  the  terrain  and  the  general  difficulty  for  the  rover  to  navigate  the  terraincomputing  efficient  paths  across  the  safe  area  towards  the  desired  destinationdriving  the  rover  along  the  planned  pathbuilding  up  a  navigation  map  of  all  previous  navigation  dataduring  the  final  nasa  sample  return  robot  centennial  challenge  in  2016,  a  rover,  named  cataglyphis,  successfully  demonstrated  fully  autonomous  navigation,  decisionmaking,  and  sample  detection,  retrieval,  and  return  capabilities.  the  rover  relied  on  a  fusion  of  measurements  from  inertial  sensors,  wheel  encoders,  lidar,  and  camera  for  navigation  and  mapping,  instead  of  using  gps  or  magnetometers.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy during  the  2  hour  challenge,  cataglyphis  traversed  over  2.6  km  and  returned  five  different  samples  to  its  starting  position.the  darpa  grand  challenge  and  darpa  urban  challenge  have  encouraged  development  of  even  more  autonomous  capabilities  for  ground  vehicles,  while  this  has  been  the  demonstrated  goal  for  aerial  robots  since  1990  as  part  of  the  auvsi  international  aerial  robotics  competition.between  2013  and  2017,  total  s.a.  has  held  the  argos  challenge  to  develop  the  first  autonomous  robot  for  oil  and  gas  production  sites.  the  robots  had  to  face  adverse  outdoor  conditions  such  as  rain,  wind  and  extreme  temperatures.  delivery  robot  a  delivery  robot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  an  autonomous  robot  used  for  delivering  goods.  research  and  education  mobile  robots  research  and  education  mobile  robots  are  mainly  used  during  a  prototyping  phase  in  the  process  of  building  full  scale  robots.  they  are  a  scaled  down  versions  of  bigger  robots  with  the  same  types  of  sensors,  kinematics  and  software  stack  e.g.  ros.  they  are  often  extendable  and  provide  comfortable  programming  interface  and  development  tools.  next  to  full  scale  robot  prototyping  they  are  also  used  for  education,  especially  at  university  level,  where  more  and  more  labs  about  programming  autonomous  vehicles  are  being  introduced.  some  of  the  popular  research  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy education  robots  are:turtlebotrosbot  2.0  legislation  in  march  2016,  a  bill  was  introduced  in  washington,  d.c.,  allowing  pilot  ground  robotic  deliveries.  the  program  was  to  take  place  from  september  15  through  the  end  of  december  2017.  the  robots  were  limited  to  a  weight  of  50  pounds  unloaded  and  a  maximum  speed  of  10  miles  per  hour.  in  case  the  robot  stopped  moving  because  of  malfunction  the  company  was  required  to  remove  it  from  the  streets  within  24  hours.  there  were  allowed  only  5  robots  to  be  tested  per  company  at  a  time.  a  2017  version  of  the  personal  delivery  device  act
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bill  was  under  review  as  of  march  2017.in  february  2017,  a  bill  was  passed  in  the  us  state  of  virginia  via  the  house  bill,  hb2016,  and  the  senate  bill,  sb1207,  that  will  allow  autonomous  delivery  robots  to  travel  on  sidewalks  and  use  crosswalks  statewide  beginning  on  july  1,  2017.  the  robots  will  be  limited  to  a  maximum  speed  of  10  mph  and  a  maximum  weight  of  50  pounds.  in  the  states  of  idaho  and  florida  there  are  also  talks  about  passing  the  similar  legislature.it  has  been  discussed  that  robots  with  similar  characteristics  to  invalid  carriages  e.g.  10  mph  maximum,  limited
__label__controloptimizationautonomy battery  life  might  be  a  workaround  for  certain  classes  of  applications.  if  the  robot  was  sufficiently  intelligent  and  able  to  recharge  itself  using  the  existing  electric  vehicle  ev  charging  infrastructure  it  would  only  need  minimal  supervision  and  a  single  arm  with  low  dexterity  might  be  enough  to  enable  this  function  if  its  visual  systems  had  enough  resolution.in  november  2017,  the  san  francisco  board  of  supervisors  announced  that  companies  would  need  to  get  a  city  permit  in  order  to  test  these  robots.  in  addition,  sidewalk  delivery  robots  have  been  banned  from  making  nonresearch  deliveries.  see  also  aiboartificial  intelligenceamazon  scoutautonomous  carautonomous  spaceport
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  autopilot  is  a  system  used  to  control  the  trajectory  of  an  aircraft,  marine  craft  or  spacecraft  without  constant  manual  control  by  a  human  operator  being  required.  autopilots  do  not  replace  human  operators,  but  instead  they  assist  them  in  controlling  the  vehicle.  this  allows  them  to  focus  on  broader  aspects  of  operations  such  as  monitoring  the  trajectory,  weather  and  systems.the  autopilot  is  often  used  in  conjunction  with  the  autothrottle,  when  present,  which  is  the  analogous  system  controlling  the  power  delivered  by  the  engines.the  autopilot  system  on  airplanes  is  sometimes  colloquially  referred  to  as  george.  first  autopilots  in  the  early  days
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  aviation,  aircraft  required  the  continuous  attention  of  a  pilot  to  fly  safely.  as  aircraft  range  increased,  allowing  flights  of  many  hours,  the  constant  attention  led  to  serious  fatigue.  an  autopilot  is  designed  to  perform  some  of  the  tasks  of  the  pilot.the  first  aircraft  autopilot  was  developed  by  sperry  corporation  in  1912.  the  autopilot  connected  a  gyroscopic  heading  indicator  and  attitude  indicator  to  hydraulically  operated  elevators  and  rudder.  ailerons  were  not  connected  as  wing  dihedral  was  counted  upon  to  produce  the  necessary  roll  stability.  it  permitted  the  aircraft  to  fly  straight  and  level  on  a  compass  course  without  a  pilots
__label__controloptimizationautonomy attention,  greatly  reducing  the  pilots  workload.lawrence  sperry  the  son  of  famous  inventor  elmer  sperry  demonstrated  it  in  1914  at  an  aviation  safety  contest  held  in  paris.  sperry  demonstrated  the  credibility  of  the  invention  by  flying  the  aircraft  with  his  hands  away  from  the  controls  and  visible  to  onlookers.  elmer  sperry  jr.,  the  son  of  lawrence  sperry,  and  capt  shiras  continued  work  on  the  same  autopilot  after  the  war,  and  in  1930  they  tested  a  more  compact  and  reliable  autopilot  which  kept  a  us  army  air  corps  aircraft  on  a  true  heading  and  altitude  for  three  hours.in  1930,  the  royal  aircraft
__label__controloptimizationautonomy establishment  in  the  united  kingdom  developed  an  autopilot  called  a  pilots  assister  that  used  a  pneumaticallyspun  gyroscope  to  move  the  flight  controls.the  autopilot  was  further  developed,  to  include  e.g.  improved  control  algorithms  and  hydraulic  servomechanisms.  adding  more  instruments  such  as  radionavigation  aids  made  it  possible  to  fly  at  night  and  in  bad  weather.  in  1947  a  us  air  force  c54  made  a  transatlantic  flight,  including  takeoff  and  landing,  completely  under  the  control  of  an  autopilot.bill  lear  developed  his  f5  automatic  pilot  and  automatic  approach  control  system,  and  was  awarded  the  collier  trophy  for  1949.in  the  early  1920s,  the  standard  oil
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tanker  j.a.  moffet  became  the  first  ship  to  use  an  autopilot.the  lunar  module  digital  autopilot  of  the  apollo  program  was  an  early  example  of  a  fully  digital  autopilot  system  in  spacecraft.  modern  autopilots  not  all  of  the  passenger  aircraft  flying  today  have  an  autopilot  system.  older  and  smaller  general  aviation  aircraft  especially  are  still  handflown,  and  even  small  airliners  with  fewer  than  twenty  seats  may  also  be  without  an  autopilot  as  they  are  used  on  shortduration  flights  with  two  pilots.  the  installation  of  autopilots  in  aircraft  with  more  than  twenty  seats  is  generally  made  mandatory  by  international  aviation  regulations.  there
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  three  levels  of  control  in  autopilots  for  smaller  aircraft.  a  singleaxis  autopilot  controls  an  aircraft  in  the  roll  axis  only;  such  autopilots  are  also  known  colloquially  as  wing  levellers,  reflecting  their  limitations.  a  twoaxis  autopilot  controls  an  aircraft  in  the  pitch  axis  as  well  as  roll,  and  may  be  little  more  than  a  wing  leveller  with  limited  pitch  oscillationcorrecting  ability;  or  it  may  receive  inputs  from  onboard  radio  navigation  systems  to  provide  true  automatic  flight  guidance  once  the  aircraft  has  taken  off  until  shortly  before  landing;  or  its  capabilities  may  lie  somewhere  between  these  two  extremes.  a  threeaxis  autopilot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy adds  control  in  the  yaw  axis  and  is  not  required  in  many  small  aircraft.autopilots  in  modern  complex  aircraft  are  threeaxis  and  generally  divide  a  flight  into  taxi,  takeoff,  climb,  cruise  level  flight,  descent,  approach,  and  landing  phases.  autopilots  exist  that  automate  all  of  these  flight  phases  except  taxi  and  takeoff.  an  autopilotcontrolled  landing  on  a  runway  and  controlling  the  aircraft  on  rollout  i.e.  keeping  it  on  the  centre  of  the  runway  is  known  as  a  cat  iiib  landing  or  autoland,  available  on  many  major  airports  runways  today,  especially  at  airports  subject  to  adverse  weather  phenomena  such  as  fog.  landing,  rollout,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  taxi  control  to  the  aircraft  parking  position  is  known  as  cat  iiic.  this  is  not  used  to  date,  but  may  be  used  in  the  future.  an  autopilot  is  often  an  integral  component  of  a  flight  management  system.modern  autopilots  use  computer  software  to  control  the  aircraft.  the  software  reads  the  aircrafts  current  position,  and  then  controls  a  flight  control  system  to  guide  the  aircraft.  in  such  a  system,  besides  classic  flight  controls,  many  autopilots  incorporate  thrust  control  capabilities  that  can  control  throttles  to  optimize  the  airspeed.the  autopilot  in  a  modern  large  aircraft  typically  reads  its  position  and  the  aircrafts  attitude
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  an  inertial  guidance  system.  inertial  guidance  systems  accumulate  errors  over  time.  they  will  incorporate  error  reduction  systems  such  as  the  carousel  system  that  rotates  once  a  minute  so  that  any  errors  are  dissipated  in  different  directions  and  have  an  overall  nulling  effect.  error  in  gyroscopes  is  known  as  drift.  this  is  due  to  physical  properties  within  the  system,  be  it  mechanical  or  laser  guided,  that  corrupt  positional  data.  the  disagreements  between  the  two  are  resolved  with  digital  signal  processing,  most  often  a  sixdimensional  kalman  filter.  the  six  dimensions  are  usually  roll,  pitch,  yaw,  altitude,  latitude,  and  longitude.  aircraft  may
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fly  routes  that  have  a  required  performance  factor,  therefore  the  amount  of  error  or  actual  performance  factor  must  be  monitored  in  order  to  fly  those  particular  routes.  the  longer  the  flight,  the  more  error  accumulates  within  the  system.  radio  aids  such  as  dme,  dme  updates,  and  gps  may  be  used  to  correct  the  aircraft  position.  control  wheel  steering  an  option  midway  between  fully  automated  flight  and  manual  flying  is  control  wheel  steering  cws.  although  it  is  becoming  less  used  as  a  standalone  option  in  modern  airliners,  cws  is  still  a  function  on  many  aircraft  today.  generally,  an  autopilot  that  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cws  equipped  has  three  positions:  off,  cws,  and  cmd.  in  cmd  command  mode  the  autopilot  has  full  control  of  the  aircraft,  and  receives  its  input  from  either  the  heading/altitude  setting,  radio  and  navaids,  or  the  fms  flight  management  system.  in  cws  mode,  the  pilot  controls  the  autopilot  through  inputs  on  the  yoke  or  the  stick.  these  inputs  are  translated  to  a  specific  heading  and  attitude,  which  the  autopilot  will  then  hold  until  instructed  to  do  otherwise.  this  provides  stability  in  pitch  and  roll.  some  aircraft  employ  a  form  of  cws  even  in  manual  mode,  such  as  the  md11  which  uses
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  constant  cws  in  roll.  in  many  ways,  a  modern  airbus  flybywire  aircraft  in  normal  law  is  always  in  cws  mode.  the  major  difference  is  that  in  this  system  the  limitations  of  the  aircraft  are  guarded  by  the  flight  computer,  and  the  pilot  cannot  steer  the  aircraft  past  these  limits.  computer  system  details  the  hardware  of  an  autopilot  varies  from  implementation  to  implementation,  but  is  generally  designed  with  redundancy  and  reliability  as  foremost  considerations.  for  example,  the  rockwell  collins  afds770  autopilot  flight  director  system  used  on  the  boeing  777  uses  triplicated  fcp2002  microprocessors  which  have  been  formally  verified  and  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fabricated  in  a  radiationresistant  process.software  and  hardware  in  an  autopilot  are  tightly  controlled,  and  extensive  test  procedures  are  put  in  place.some  autopilots  also  use  design  diversity.  in  this  safety  feature,  critical  software  processes  will  not  only  run  on  separate  computers  and  possibly  even  using  different  architectures,  but  each  computer  will  run  software  created  by  different  engineering  teams,  often  being  programmed  in  different  programming  languages.  it  is  generally  considered  unlikely  that  different  engineering  teams  will  make  the  same  mistakes.  as  the  software  becomes  more  expensive  and  complex,  design  diversity  is  becoming  less  common  because  fewer  engineering  companies  can  afford  it.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy flight  control  computers  on  the  space  shuttle  used  this  design:  there  were  five  computers,  four  of  which  redundantly  ran  identical  software,  and  a  fifth  backup  running  software  that  was  developed  independently.  the  software  on  the  fifth  system  provided  only  the  basic  functions  needed  to  fly  the  shuttle,  further  reducing  any  possible  commonality  with  the  software  running  on  the  four  primary  systems.  stability  augmentation  systems  a  stability  augmentation  system  sas  is  another  type  of  automatic  flight  control  system;  however,  instead  of  maintaining  the  aircraft  on  a  predetermined  attitude  or  flight  path,  the  sas  will  actuate  the  aircraft  flight  controls  to  dampen
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out  aircraft  buffeting  regardless  of  the  attitude  or  flight  path.  sas  can  automatically  stabilize  the  aircraft  in  one  or  more  axes.  the  most  common  type  of  sas  is  the  yaw  damper  which  is  used  to  eliminate  the  dutch  roll  tendency  of  sweptwing  aircraft.  some  yaw  dampers  are  integral  to  the  autopilot  system  while  others  are  standalone  systems.yaw  dampers  usually  consist  of  a  yaw  rate  sensor  either  a  gyroscope  or  angular  accelerometer,  a  computer/amplifier  and  a  servo  actuator.  the  yaw  damper  uses  yaw  rate  sensor  to  sense  when  the  aircraft  begins  a  dutch  roll.  a  computer  processes  the  signals  from  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy yaw  rate  sensor  to  determine  the  amount  of  rudder  movement  that  is  required  to  dampen  out  the  dutch  roll.  the  computer  then  commands  the  servo  actuator  to  move  the  rudder  that  amount.  the  dutch  roll  is  dampened  out  and  the  aircraft  becomes  stable  about  the  yaw  axis.  because  dutch  roll  is  an  instability  that  is  inherent  to  all  sweptwing  aircraft,  most  sweptwing  aircraft  have  some  sort  of  yaw  damper  system  installed.there  are  two  types  of  yaw  dampers:  series  yaw  dampers  and  parallel  yaw  dampers.  the  servo  actuator  of  a  parallel  yaw  damper  will  actuate  the  rudder  independently  of  the  rudder
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pedals  while  the  servo  actuator  of  a  series  yaw  damper  is  clutched  to  the  rudder  control  quadrant  and  will  result  in  pedal  movement  when  the  system  commands  the  rudder  to  move.some  aircraft  have  stability  augmentation  systems  that  will  stabilize  the  aircraft  in  more  than  a  single  axis.  the  boeing  b52,  for  example,  requires  both  pitch  and  yaw  sas  in  order  to  provide  a  stable  bombing  platform.  many  helicopters  have  pitch,  roll  and  yaw  sas  systems.  pitch  and  roll  sas  systems  operate  much  the  same  way  as  the  yaw  damper  described  above;  however,  instead  of  dampening  out  dutch  roll,  they  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy dampen  pitch  and  roll  oscillations  or  buffeting  to  improve  the  overall  stability  of  the  aircraft.  autopilot  for  ils  landings  instrumentaided  landings  are  defined  in  categories  by  the  international  civil  aviation  organization,  or  icao.  these  are  dependent  upon  the  required  visibility  level  and  the  degree  to  which  the  landing  can  be  conducted  automatically  without  input  by  the  pilot.cat  i  this  category  permits  pilots  to  land  with  a  decision  height  of  200  feet  61  m  and  a  forward  visibility  or  runway  visual  range  rvr  of  550  metres  1,800  ft.  autopilots  are  not  required.cat  ii  this  category  permits  pilots  to  land  with  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy decision  height  between  200  feet  61  m  and  100  feet  30  m  and  a  rvr  of  300  metres  980  ft.  autopilots  have  a  fail  passive  requirement.cat  iiia  this  category  permits  pilots  to  land  with  a  decision  height  as  low  as  50  feet  15  m  and  a  rvr  of  200  metres  660  ft.  it  needs  a  failpassive  autopilot.  there  must  be  only  a  106  probability  of  landing  outside  the  prescribed  area.cat  iiib  as  iiia  but  with  the  addition  of  automatic  roll  out  after  touchdown  incorporated  with  the  pilot  taking  control  some  distance  along  the  runway.  this  category  permits  pilots  to  land
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  a  decision  height  less  than  50  feet  or  no  decision  height  and  a  forward  visibility  of  250  feet  76  m  in  europe  76  metres,  compare  this  to  aircraft  size,  some  of  which  are  now  over  70  metres  230  ft  long  or  300  feet  91  m  in  the  united  states.  for  a  landingwithoutdecision  aid,  a  failoperational  autopilot  is  needed.  for  this  category  some  form  of  runway  guidance  system  is  needed:  at  least  failpassive  but  it  needs  to  be  failoperational  for  landing  without  decision  height  or  for  rvr  below  100  metres  330  ft.cat  iiic  as  iiib  but  without  decision  height  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy visibility  minimums,  also  known  as  zerozero.  not  yet  available  on  commercial  airliners,  but  may  be  available  in  the  near  future.failpassive  autopilot:  in  case  of  failure,  the  aircraft  stays  in  a  controllable  position  and  the  pilot  can  take  control  of  it  to  go  around  or  finish  landing.  it  is  usually  a  dualchannel  system.failoperational  autopilot:  in  case  of  a  failure  below  alert  height,  the  approach,  flare  and  landing  can  still  be  completed  automatically.  it  is  usually  a  triplechannel  system  or  dualdual  system.  radiocontrolled  models  in  radiocontrolled  modelling,  and  especially  rc  aircraft  and  helicopters,  an  autopilot  is  usually  a  set  of  extra  hardware
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  software  that  deals  with  preprogramming  the  models  flight.  see  also  acronyms  and  abbreviations  in  avionicsgyrocompassselfdriving  car  references  external  links  how  fast  can  you  fly  safely,  june  1933,  popular  mechanics  page  858  photo  of  sperry  automatic  pilot  and  drawing  of  its  basic  functions  in  flight  when  set
__label__controloptimizationautonomy process  control  and  optimization  pco  is  the  discipline  of  adjusting  a  process  to  maintain  or  optimize  a  specified  set  of  parameters  without  violating  process  constraints.  the  pco  market  is  being  driven  by  rising  demand  for  energy  efficient  production  processes,  safety  and  security  concerns,  and  the  development  of  iot  systems  that  can  reliably  predict  process  deviations.  fundamentally,  there  are  three  parameters  that  can  be  adjusted  to  affect  optimal  performance:  equipment  optimization  the  first  step  is  to  verify  that  the  existing  equipment  is  being  used  to  its  fullest  advantage  by  examining  operating  data  to  identify  equipment  bottlenecks.  operating  procedures  operating  procedures  may
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vary  widely  from  persontoperson  or  from  shifttoshift.  automation  of  the  plant  can  help  significantly.  but  automation  will  be  of  no  help  if  the  operators  take  control  and  run  the  plant  in  manual.  control  optimization  in  a  typical  processing  plant,  such  as  a  chemical  plant  or  oil  refinery,  there  are  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  control  loops.  each  control  loop  is  responsible  for  controlling  one  part  of  the  process,  such  as  maintaining  a  temperature,  level,  or  flow.  if  the  control  loop  is  not  properly  designed  and  tuned,  the  process  runs  below  its  optimum.  the  process  will  be  more  expensive  to  operate,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  equipment  will  wear  out  prematurely.  for  each  control  loop  to  run  optimally,  identification  of  sensor,  valve,  and  tuning  problems  is  important.  it  has  been  well  documented  that  over  35  of  control  loops  typically  have  problems.  the  process  of  continuously  monitoring  and  optimizing  the  entire  plant  is  sometimes  called  performance  supervision.  the  advanced  process  control  market  is  estimated  to  reach  usd  1.4  billion  by  2020;  growing  at  a  cagr  of  11.79  from  2014  to  2020.  source:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brought  to  you  by  the  internet  was  initially  used  to  transfer  data  packets  between  users  and  data  sources  with  a  specific  ip  address.  due  to  advancements,  the  internet  is  being  used  to  share  data  among  different  small,  resource  constrained  devices  connected  in  billions  to  constitute  the  internet  of  things  iot.  a  large  amount  of  data  from  these  devices  imposes  overhead  on  the  iot  network.  hence,  it  is  required  to  provide  solutions  for  various  network  related  problems  in  iot  including  routing,  energy  conservation,  congestion,  heterogeneity,  scalability,  reliability,  quality  of  service  qos  and  security  to  optimally  make  use  of  the  available  network.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  this  paper,  a  comprehensive  survey  on  the  network  optimization  in  iot  is  presented.  the  paper  draws  an  attention  towards  the  background  of  iot  and  its  distinction  with  other  technologies,  discussion  on  network  optimization  in  iot  and  algorithms  classification.  finally,  stateofthearttechniques  for  iot  in  particular  to  network  optimization  are  discussed  based  on  the  recent  works  and  the  review  is  concluded  with  open  issues  and  challenges  for  network  optimization  in  iot.  this  paper  not  only  reviews,  compares  and  consolidates  the  recent  related  works,  but  also  admires  the  authors  findings,  solutions  and  discusses  its  usefulness  towards  network  optimization  in  iot.  the  uniqueness
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  this  paper  lies  in  the  review  of  network  optimization  issues  and  challenges  in  iot.  peer  review  under  responsibility  of  karabuk  university.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy follow  us  on:  follow  us  on:  contributing  experts  offer  additional  process  automation  and  control  knowledge  in  these  blog  posts.  submitted  by  on  fri,  07/26/2019  09:40  megan  ray  nichols  is  a  stem  writer  and  blogger.  more  of  her  work  can  be  found  on  ,and  she  can  be  reached  at  .  we  welcome  your  thoughtful  comments.  all  comments  will  display  your  user  name.  want  to  participate  in  the  discussion?  for  complete  access.  no  one  has  commented  on  this  page  yet.  copyright  2019  control  global.  all  rights  reserved.  p:  6304671300  1501  e.  woodfield  road,  suite  400n,  schaumburg,  il  60173
__label__controloptimizationautonomy information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products,  from  appliances  to  cars  to  mining  equipment.  products  once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts  have  become  complex  systems  combining  hardware,  sensors,  electronics,  and  software  that  connect  through  the  internet  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  disrupting  value  chains,  argue  michael  porter  and  ptc  ceo  james  heppelmann,  and  forcing  companies  to  rethink  nearly  everything  they  do,  from  how  they  conceive,  design,  and  source  their  products;  to  how
__label__controloptimizationautonomy they  manufacture,  operate,  and  service  them;  to  how  they  build  and  secure  the  necessary  it  infrastructure.  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  broad  set  of  new  strategic  choices  for  companies  about  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  to  work  with  traditional  partners  and  what  new  partnerships  will  be  required,  and  how  to  secure  competitive  advantage  as  the  new  capabilities  reshape  industry  boundaries.  for  many  firms,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question:  what  business  am  i  in?  this  article  provides  a  framework  for  developing  strategy  and  achieving  competitive  advantage  in  a  smart,  connected  world.  information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts,  products  have  become  complex  systems  that  combine  hardware,  sensors,  data  storage,  microprocessors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  productsmade  possible  by  vast  improvements  in  processing  power  and  device  miniaturization  and  by  the  network  benefits  of  ubiquitous  wireless  connectivityhave  unleashed  a  new  era  of  competition.  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  much  higher  product  utilization,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  also  disrupting  value  chains,  forcing  companies  to  rethink  and  retool  nearly  everything
__label__controloptimizationautonomy they  do  internally.  these  new  types  of  products  alter  industry  structure  and  the  nature  of  competition,  exposing  companies  to  new  competitive  opportunities  and  threats.  they  are  reshaping  industry  boundaries  and  creating  entirely  new  industries.  in  many  companies,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question,  what  business  am  i  in?  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  new  set  of  strategic  choices  related  to  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  the  prodigious  amount  of  new  and  sensitive  data  they  generate  is  utilized  and  managed,  how  relationships  with  traditional  business  partners  such  as  channels  are  redefined,  and  what  role  companies  should  play
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  industry  boundaries  are  expanded.  the  phrase  internet  of  things  has  arisen  to  reflect  the  growing  number  of  smart,  connected  products  and  highlight  the  new  opportunities  they  can  represent.  yet  this  phrase  is  not  very  helpful  in  understanding  the  phenomenon  or  its  implications.  the  internet,  whether  involving  people  or  things,  is  simply  a  mechanism  for  transmitting  information.  what  makes  smart,  connected  products  fundamentally  different  is  not  the  internet,  but  the  changing  nature  of  the  things.  it  is  the  expanded  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  and  the  data  they  generate  that  are  ushering  in  a  new  era  of  competition.  companies  must
__label__controloptimizationautonomy look  beyond  the  technologies  themselves  to  the  competitive  transformation  taking  place.  this  article,  and  a  companion  piece  to  be  published  soon  in  hbr,  will  deconstruct  the  smart,  connected  products  revolution  and  explore  its  strategic  and  operational  implications.  twice  before  over  the  past  50  years,  information  technology  radically  reshaped  competition  and  strategy;  we  now  stand  at  the  brink  of  a  third  transformation.  before  the  advent  of  modern  information  technology,  products  were  mechanical  and  activities  in  the  value  chain  were  performed  using  manual,  paper  processes  and  verbal  communication.  the  first  wave  of  it,  during  the  1960s  and  1970s,  automated  individual  activities  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  value  chain,  from  order  processing  and  bill  paying  to  computeraided  design  and  manufacturing  resource  planning.  see  by  michael  porter  and  victor  millar,  hbr,  july  1985.  the  productivity  of  activities  dramatically  increased,  in  part  because  huge  amounts  of  new  data  could  be  captured  and  analyzed  in  each  activity.  this  led  to  the  standardization  of  processes  across  companiesand  raised  a  dilemma  for  companies  about  how  to  capture  its  operational  benefits  while  maintaining  distinctive  strategies.  the  rise  of  the  internet,  with  its  inexpensive  and  ubiquitous  connectivity,  unleashed  the  second  wave  of  itdriven  transformation,  in  the  1980s  and  1990s  see  michael  porters  hbr,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy march  2001.  this  enabled  coordination  and  integration  across  individual  activities;  with  outside  suppliers,  channels,  and  customers;  and  across  geography.  it  allowed  firms,  for  example,  to  closely  integrate  globally  distributed  supply  chains.  the  first  two  waves  gave  rise  to  huge  productivity  gains  and  growth  across  the  economy.  while  the  value  chain  was  transformed,  however,  products  themselves  were  largely  unaffected.  more  now,  in  the  third  wave,  it  is  becoming  an  integral  part  of  the  product  itself.  embedded  sensors,  processors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  products  in  effect,  computers  are  being  put  inside  products,  coupled  with  a  product  cloud  in  which  product  data  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stored  and  analyzed  and  some  applications  are  run,  are  driving  dramatic  improvements  in  product  functionality  and  performance.  massive  amounts  of  new  productusage  data  enable  many  of  those  improvements.  another  leap  in  productivity  in  the  economy  will  be  unleashed  by  these  new  and  better  products.  in  addition,  producing  them  will  reshape  the  value  chain  yet  again,  by  changing  product  design,  marketing,  manufacturing,  and  aftersale  service  and  by  creating  the  need  for  new  activities  such  as  product  data  analytics  and  security.  this  will  drive  yet  another  wave  of  valuechainbased  productivity  improvement.  the  third  wave  of  itdriven  transformation  thus  has  the  potential  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  the  biggest  yet,  triggering  even  more  innovation,  productivity  gains,  and  economic  growth  than  the  previous  two.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  as  with  the  internet  itself,  smart,  connected  products  reflect  a  whole  new  set  of  technological  possibilities  that  have  emerged.  but  the  rules  of  competition  and  competitive  advantage  remain  the  same.  navigating  the  world  of  smart,  connected  products  requires  that  companies  understand  these  rules  better  than  ever.  smart,  connected  products  have  three  core  elements:  physical  components,  smart  components,  and  connectivity  components.  smart  components  amplify  the  capabilities  and  value
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  physical  components,  while  connectivity  amplifies  the  capabilities  and  value  of  the  smart  components  and  enables  some  of  them  to  exist  outside  the  physical  product  itself.  the  result  is  a  virtuous  cycle  of  value  improvement.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  physical  components  comprise  the  products  mechanical  and  electrical  parts.  in  a  car,  for  example,  these  include  the  engine  block,  tires,  and  batteries.  smart  components  comprise  the  sensors,  microprocessors,  data  storage,  controls,  software,  and,  typically,  an  embedded  operating  system  and  enhanced  user  interface.  in  a  car,  for  example,  smart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy components  include  the  engine  control  unit,  antilock  braking  system,  rainsensing  windshields  with  automated  wipers,  and  touch  screen  displays.  in  many  products,  software  replaces  some  hardware  components  or  enables  a  single  physical  device  to  perform  at  a  variety  of  levels.  connectivity  components  comprise  the  ports,  antennae,  and  protocols  enabling  wired  or  wireless  connections  with  the  product.  connectivity  takes  three  forms,  which  can  be  present  together:  connectivity  serves  a  dual  purpose.  first,  it  allows  information  to  be  exchanged  between  the  product  and  its  operating  environment,  its  maker,  its  users,  and  other  products  and  systems.  second,  connectivity  enables  some  functions  of  the  product
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  exist  outside  the  physical  device,  in  what  is  known  as  the  product  cloud.  for  example,  in  boses  new  wifi  system,  a  smartphone  application  running  in  the  product  cloud  streams  music  to  the  system  from  the  internet.  to  achieve  high  levels  of  functionality,  all  three  types  of  connectivity  are  necessary.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  emerging  across  all  manufacturing  sectors.  in  heavy  machinery,  schindlers  port  technology  reduces  elevator  wait  times  by  as  much  as  50  by  predicting  elevator  demand  patterns,  calculating  the  fastest  time  to  destination,  and  assigning  the  appropriate  elevator  to  move  passengers  quickly.  in  the  energy  sector,  abbs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  grid  technology  enables  utilities  to  analyze  huge  amounts  of  realtime  data  across  a  wide  range  of  generating,  transforming,  and  distribution  equipment  manufactured  by  abb  as  well  as  others,  such  as  changes  in  the  temperature  of  transformers  and  secondary  substations.  this  alerts  utility  control  centers  to  possible  overload  conditions,  allowing  adjustments  that  can  prevent  blackouts  before  they  occur.  in  consumer  goods,  big  ass  ceiling  fans  sense  and  engage  automatically  when  a  person  enters  a  room,  regulate  speed  on  the  basis  of  temperature  and  humidity,  and  recognize  individual  user  preferences  and  adjust  accordingly.  why  now?  an  array  of  innovations  across  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  landscape  have  converged  to  make  smart,  connected  products  technically  and  economically  feasible.  these  include  breakthroughs  in  the  performance,  miniaturization,  and  energy  efficiency  of  sensors  and  batteries;  highly  compact,  lowcost  computer  processing  power  and  data  storage,  which  make  it  feasible  to  put  computers  inside  products;  cheap  connectivity  ports  and  ubiquitous,  lowcost  wireless  connectivity;  tools  that  enable  rapid  software  development;  big  data  analytics;  and  a  new  ipv6  internet  registration  system  opening  up  340  trillion  trillion  trillion  potential  new  internet  addresses  for  individual  devices,  with  protocols  that  support  greater  security,  simplify  handoffs  as  devices  move  across  networks,  and  allow  devices  to  request
__label__controloptimizationautonomy addresses  autonomously  without  the  need  for  it  support.  smart,  connected  products  require  that  companies  build  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure,  consisting  of  a  series  of  layers  known  as  a  technology  stack  see  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  this  includes  modified  hardware,  software  applications,  and  an  operating  system  embedded  in  the  product  itself;  network  communications  to  support  connectivity;  and  a  product  cloud  software  running  on  the  manufacturers  or  a  thirdparty  server  containing  the  productdata  database,  a  platform  for  building  software  applications,  a  rules  engine  and  analytics  platform,  and  smart  product  applications  that  are  not  embedded  in  the  product.  cutting  across
__label__controloptimizationautonomy all  the  layers  is  an  identity  and  security  structure,  a  gateway  for  accessing  external  data,  and  tools  that  connect  the  data  from  smart,  connected  products  to  other  business  systems  for  example,  erp  and  crm  systems.  smart,  connected  products  require  companies  to  build  and  support  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure.  this  technology  stack  is  made  up  of  multiple  layers,  including  new  product  hardware,  embedded  software,  connectivity,  a  product  cloud  consisting  of  software  running  on  remote  servers,  a  suite  of  security  tools,  a  gateway  for  external  information  sources,  and  integration  with  enterprise  business  systems.  this  technology  enables  not  only  rapid  product  application
__label__controloptimizationautonomy development  and  operation  but  the  collection,  analysis,  and  sharing  of  the  potentially  huge  amounts  of  longitudinal  data  generated  inside  and  outside  the  products  that  has  never  been  available  before.  building  and  supporting  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  requires  substantial  investment  and  a  range  of  new  skillssuch  as  software  development,  systems  engineering,  data  analytics,  and  online  security  expertisethat  are  rarely  found  in  manufacturing  companies.  intelligence  and  connectivity  enable  an  entirely  new  set  of  product  functions  and  capabilities,  which  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  product  can  potentially  incorporate  all  four  see  the  exhibit
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products.  each  capability  is  valuable  in  its  own  right  and  also  sets  the  stage  for  the  next  level.  for  example,  monitoring  capabilities  are  the  foundation  for  product  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  company  must  choose  the  set  of  capabilities  that  deliver  its  customer  value  and  define  its  competitive  positioning.  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  each  builds  on  the  preceding  one;  to  have  control  capability,  for  example,  a  product  must  have  monitoring  capability.  smart,  connected  products  enable  the  comprehensive  monitoring  of  a  products  condition,  operation,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  external  environment  through  sensors  and  external  data  sources.  using  data,  a  product  can  alert  users  or  others  to  changes  in  circumstances  or  performance.  monitoring  also  allows  companies  and  customers  to  track  a  products  operating  characteristics  and  history  and  to  better  understand  how  the  product  is  actually  used.  this  data  has  important  implications  for  design  by  reducing  overengineering,  for  example,  market  segmentation  through  the  analysis  of  usage  patterns  by  customer  type,  and  aftersale  service  by  allowing  the  dispatch  of  the  right  technician  with  the  right  part,  thus  improving  the  firsttime  fix  rate.  monitoring  data  may  also  reveal  warranty  compliance  issues
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  well  as  new  sales  opportunities,  such  as  the  need  for  additional  product  capacity  because  of  high  utilization.  in  some  cases,  such  as  medical  devices,  monitoring  is  the  core  element  of  value  creation.  medtronics  digital  bloodglucose  meter  uses  a  sensor  inserted  under  the  patients  skin  to  measure  glucose  levels  in  tissue  fluid  and  connects  wirelessly  to  a  device  that  alerts  patients  and  clinicians  up  to  30  minutes  before  a  patient  reaches  a  threshold  bloodglucose  level,  enabling  appropriate  therapy  adjustments.  monitoring  capabilities  can  span  multiple  products  across  distances.  joy  global,  a  leading  mining  equipment  manufacturer,  monitors  operating  conditions,  safety  parameters,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predictive  service  indicators  for  entire  fleets  of  equipment  far  underground.  joy  also  monitors  operating  parameters  across  multiple  mines  in  different  countries  for  benchmarking  purposes.  more  smart,  connected  products  can  be  controlled  through  remote  commands  or  algorithms  that  are  built  into  the  device  or  reside  in  the  product  cloud.  algorithms  are  rules  that  direct  the  product  to  respond  to  specified  changes  in  its  condition  or  environment  for  example,  if  pressure  gets  too  high,  shut  off  the  valve  or  when  traffic  in  a  parking  garage  reaches  a  certain  level,  turn  the  overhead  lighting  on  or  off.  control  through  software  embedded  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy product  or  the  cloud  allows  the  customization  of  product  performance  to  a  degree  that  previously  was  not  cost  effective  or  often  even  possible.  the  same  technology  also  enables  users  to  control  and  personalize  their  interaction  with  the  product  in  many  new  ways.  for  example,  users  can  adjust  their  philips  lighting  hue  lightbulbs  via  smartphone,  turning  them  on  and  off,  programming  them  to  blink  red  if  an  intruder  is  detected,  or  dimming  them  slowly  at  night.  doorbot,  a  smart,  connected  doorbell  and  lock,  allows  customers  to  give  visitors  access  to  the  home  remotely  after  screening  them  on  their  smartphones.  the  rich
__label__controloptimizationautonomy flow  of  monitoring  data  from  smart,  connected  products,  coupled  with  the  capacity  to  control  product  operation,  allows  companies  to  optimize  product  performance  in  numerous  ways,  many  of  which  have  not  been  previously  possible.  smart,  connected  products  can  apply  algorithms  and  analytics  to  inuse  or  historical  data  to  dramatically  improve  output,  utilization,  and  efficiency.  in  wind  turbines,  for  instance,  a  local  microcontroller  can  adjust  each  blade  on  every  revolution  to  capture  maximum  wind  energy.  and  each  turbine  can  be  adjusted  to  not  only  improve  its  performance  but  minimize  its  impact  on  the  efficiency  of  those  nearby.  realtime  monitoring  data  on  product
__label__controloptimizationautonomy condition  and  product  control  capability  enables  firms  to  optimize  service  by  performing  preventative  maintenance  when  failure  is  imminent  and  accomplishing  repairs  remotely,  thereby  reducing  product  downtime  and  the  need  to  dispatch  repair  personnel.  even  when  onsite  repair  is  required,  advance  information  about  what  is  broken,  what  parts  are  needed,  and  how  to  accomplish  the  fix  reduces  service  costs  and  improves  firsttime  fix  rates.  diebold,  for  example,  monitors  many  of  its  automated  teller  machines  for  early  signs  of  trouble.  after  assessing  a  malfunctioning  atms  status,  the  machine  is  repaired  remotely  if  possible,  or  the  company  deploys  a  technician  who  has  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy given  a  detailed  diagnosis  of  the  problem,  a  recommended  repair  process,  and,  often,  the  needed  parts.  finally,  like  many  smart,  connected  products,  diebolds  atms  can  be  updated  when  they  are  due  for  feature  enhancements.  often  these  can  occur  remotely,  via  software.  monitoring,  control,  and  optimization  capabilities  combine  to  allow  smart,  connected  products  to  achieve  a  previously  unattainable  level  of  autonomy.  at  the  simplest  level  is  autonomous  product  operation  like  that  of  the  irobot  roomba,  a  vacuum  cleaner  that  uses  sensors  and  software  to  scan  and  clean  floors  in  rooms  with  different  layouts.  moresophisticated  products  are  able  to  learn  about  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environment,  selfdiagnose  their  own  service  needs,  and  adapt  to  users  preferences.  autonomy  not  only  can  reduce  the  need  for  operators  but  can  improve  safety  in  dangerous  environments  and  facilitate  operation  in  remote  locations.  autonomous  products  can  also  act  in  coordination  with  other  products  and  systems.  the  value  of  these  capabilities  can  grow  exponentially  as  more  and  more  products  become  connected.  for  example,  the  energy  efficiency  of  the  electric  grid  increases  as  more  smart  meters  are  connected,  allowing  the  utility  to  gain  insight  into  and  respond  to  demand  patterns  over  time.  ultimately,  products  can  function  with  complete  autonomy,  applying  algorithms  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy utilize  data  about  their  performance  and  their  environmentincluding  the  activity  of  other  products  in  the  systemand  leveraging  their  ability  to  communicate  with  other  products.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  individual  units.  joy  globals  longwall  mining  system,  for  example,  is  able  to  operate  autonomously  far  underground,  overseen  by  a  mine  control  center  on  the  surface.  equipment  is  monitored  continuously  for  performance  and  faults,  and  technicians  are  dispatched  underground  to  deal  with  issues  requiring  human  intervention.  to  understand  the  effects  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  competition  and  profitability,  we  must  examine
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  impact  on  industry  structure.  in  any  industry,  competition  is  driven  by  five  competitive  forces:  the  bargaining  power  of  buyers,  the  nature  and  intensity  of  the  rivalry  among  existing  competitors,  the  threat  of  new  entrants,  the  threat  of  substitute  products  or  services,  and  the  bargaining  power  of  suppliers.  the  composition  and  strength  of  these  forces  collectively  determine  the  nature  of  industry  competition  and  the  average  profitability  for  incumbent  competitors.  industry  structure  changes  when  new  technology,  customer  needs,  or  other  factors  shift  these  five  forces.  smart,  connected  products  will  substantially  affect  structure  in  many  industries,  as  did  the  previous  wave  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internetenabled  it.  the  effects  will  be  greatest  in  manufacturing  industries.  smart,  connected  products  will  have  a  transformative  effect  on  industry  structure.  provide  the  framework  necessary  for  understanding  the  significance  of  these  changes.  more  smart,  connected  products  dramatically  expand  opportunities  for  product  differentiation,  moving  competition  away  from  price  alone.  knowing  how  customers  actually  use  the  products  enhances  a  companys  ability  to  segment  customers,  customize  products,  set  prices  to  better  capture  value,  and  extend  valueadded  services.  smart,  connected  products  also  allow  companies  to  develop  much  closer  customer  relationships.  through  capturing  rich  historical  and  productusage  data,  buyers  costs  of  switching  to  a  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy supplier  increase.  in  addition,  smart,  connected  products  allow  firms  to  reduce  their  dependency  on  distribution  or  service  partners,  or  even  disintermediate  them,  thereby  capturing  more  profit.  all  of  this  serves  to  mitigate  or  reduce  buyers  bargaining  power.  ge  aviation,  for  example,  is  now  able  to  provide  more  services  to  end  users  directlya  move  that  improves  its  power  relative  to  its  immediate  customers,  the  airframe  manufacturers.  information  gathered  from  hundreds  of  engine  sensors,  for  example,  allows  ge  and  airlines  to  optimize  engine  performance  by  identifying  discrepancies  between  expected  and  actual  performance.  ges  analysis  of  fueluse  data,  for  example,  allowed  the  italian
__label__controloptimizationautonomy airline  alitalia  to  identify  changes  to  its  flight  procedures,  such  as  the  position  of  wing  flaps  during  landing,  that  reduced  fuel  use.  ges  deep  relationship  with  the  airlines  serves  to  improve  differentiation  with  them  while  improving  its  clout  with  airframe  manufacturers.  however,  smart,  connected  products  can  increase  buyer  power  by  giving  buyers  a  better  understanding  of  true  product  performance,  allowing  them  to  play  one  manufacturer  off  another.  buyers  may  also  find  that  having  access  to  product  usage  data  can  decrease  their  reliance  on  the  manufacturer  for  advice  and  support.  finally,  compared  with  ownership  models,  product  as  a  service  business  models
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  productsharing  services  discussed  below  can  increase  buyers  power  by  reducing  the  cost  of  switching  to  a  new  manufacturer.  smart,  connected  products  have  the  potential  to  shift  rivalry,  opening  up  numerous  new  avenues  for  differentiation  and  valueadded  services.  these  products  also  enable  firms  to  tailor  offerings  to  morespecific  segments  of  the  market,  and  even  customize  products  for  individual  customers,  further  enhancing  differentiation  and  price  realization.  smart,  connected  products  also  create  opportunities  to  broaden  the  value  proposition  beyond  products  per  se,  to  include  valuable  data  and  enhanced  service  offerings.  babolat,  for  example,  has  produced  tennis  rackets  and  related  equipment  for  140
__label__controloptimizationautonomy years.  with  its  new  babolat  play  pure  drive  system,  which  puts  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  racket  handle,  the  company  now  offers  a  service  to  help  players  improve  their  game  through  the  tracking  and  analysis  of  ball  speed,  spin,  and  impact  location,  delivered  through  a  smartphone  application.  offsetting  this  shift  in  rivalry  away  from  price  is  the  migration  of  the  cost  structure  of  smart,  connected  products  toward  higher  fixed  costs  and  lower  variable  costs.  this  results  from  the  higher  upfront  costs  of  software  development,  morecomplex  product  design,  and  high  fixed  costs  of  developing  the  technology  stack,  including  reliable  connectivity,  robust
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  storage,  analytics,  and  security  see  again  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  industries  with  high  fixed  cost  structures  are  vulnerable  to  price  pressure  as  firms  seek  to  spread  their  fixed  costs  across  a  larger  number  of  units  sold.  the  huge  expansion  of  capabilities  in  smart,  connected  products  may  also  tempt  companies  to  get  into  a  feature  and  function  arms  race  with  rivals  and  give  away  too  much  of  the  improved  product  performance,  a  dynamic  that  escalates  costs  and  erodes  industry  profitability.  finally,  rivalry  among  competitors  can  also  increase  as  smart,  connected  products  become  part  of  broader  product  systems,  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy trend  we  will  discuss  further.  for  example,  manufacturers  of  home  lighting,  audiovisual  entertainment  equipment,  and  climate  control  systems  have  not  historically  competed  with  one  another.  yet  each  is  now  vying  for  a  place  in  the  emerging  connected  home  that  integrates  and  adds  intelligence  to  a  wide  array  of  products  in  the  home.  more  new  entrants  in  a  smart,  connected  world  face  significant  new  obstacles,  starting  with  the  high  fixed  costs  of  morecomplex  product  design,  embedded  technology,  and  multiple  layers  of  new  it  infrastructure.  for  example,  thermo  fishers  trudefender  fti  chemical  analyzer  added  connectivity  to  a  product  that  already  had  smart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy functionality,  to  enable  chemical  analysis  from  hazardous  environments  to  be  transmitted  to  users  and  mitigation  to  begin  without  having  to  wait  for  the  machine  and  personnel  to  be  decontaminated.  thermo  fisher  needed  to  build  a  complete  product  cloud  to  securely  capture,  analyze,  and  store  product  data  and  distribute  it  both  internally  and  to  customers,  a  substantial  undertaking.  smart,  connected  products  ultimately  can  function  with  complete  autonomy.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  over  individual  units.  broadening  product  definitions  can  raise  barriers  to  entrants  even  higher.  biotronik,  a  medical  device  company,  initially
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufactured  standalone  pacemakers,  insulin  pumps,  and  other  devices.  now  it  offers  smart,  connected  devices,  such  as  a  home  healthmonitoring  system  that  includes  a  data  processing  center  that  allows  physicians  to  remotely  monitor  their  patients  devices  and  clinical  status.  barriers  to  entry  also  rise  when  agile  incumbents  capture  critical  firstmover  advantages  by  collecting  and  accumulating  product  data  and  using  it  to  improve  products  and  services  and  to  redefine  aftersale  service.  smart,  connected  products  can  also  increase  buyer  loyalty  and  switching  costs,  further  raising  barriers  to  entry.  barriers  to  entry  go  down,  however,  when  smart,  connected  products  leapfrog  or  invalidate  the  strengths
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  assets  of  incumbents.  moreover,  incumbents  may  hesitate  to  fully  embrace  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products,  preferring  to  protect  hardwarebased  strengths  and  profitable  legacy  parts  and  service  businesses.  this  opens  the  door  to  new  competitors,  such  as  the  productless  onfarm,  which  is  successfully  competing  with  traditional  agricultural  equipment  makers  to  provide  services  to  farmers  through  collecting  data  on  multiple  types  of  farm  equipment  to  help  growers  make  better  decisions,  avoiding  the  need  to  be  an  equipment  manufacturer  at  all.  in  home  automation,  crestron,  an  integration  solution  provider,  offers  complex,  dedicated  home  systems  with  rich  user  interfaces.  product  companies  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy also  facing  challenges  from  other  nontraditional  competitors  like  apple,  which  recently  launched  a  simpler,  smartphonebased  approach  to  managing  the  connected  home.  smart,  connected  products  can  offer  superior  performance,  customization,  and  customer  value  relative  to  traditional  substitute  products,  reducing  substitution  threats  and  improving  industry  growth  and  profitability.  however,  in  many  industries  smart,  connected  products  create  new  types  of  substitution  threats,  such  as  wider  product  capabilities  that  subsume  conventional  products.  for  example,  fitbits  wearable  fitness  device,  which  captures  multiple  types  of  healthrelated  data  including  activity  levels  and  sleep  patterns,  is  a  substitute  for  conventional  devices  such  as  running  watches  and  pedometers.  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy business  models  enabled  by  smart,  connected  products  can  create  a  substitute  for  product  ownership,  reducing  overall  demand  for  a  product.  productasaservice  business  models,  for  example,  allow  users  to  have  full  access  to  a  product  but  pay  only  for  the  amount  of  product  they  use.  a  variation  of  productasaservice  is  the  sharedusage  model.  zipcar,  for  example,  provides  customers  with  realtime  access  to  vehicles  when  and  where  they  need  them.  this  substitutes  for  car  ownership  and  has  led  traditional  automakers  to  enter  the  carsharing  market  with  offerings  such  as  relayrides  from  gm,  drivenow  from  bmw,  and  dash  from  toyota.  another  example  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy shared  bike  systems,  which  are  springing  up  in  more  and  more  cities.  a  smartphone  application  shows  the  location  of  docking  stations  where  bikes  can  be  picked  up  and  returned,  and  users  are  monitored  and  charged  for  the  amount  of  time  they  use  the  bikes.  clearly,  shared  usage  will  reduce  the  need  for  urban  residents  to  own  bikes,  but  it  may  encourage  more  residents  to  use  bikes  since  they  do  not  have  to  buy  and  store  them.  convenient  shared  bikes  will  be  a  substitute  not  only  for  purchased  bikes  but  potentially  for  cars  and  other  forms  of  urban  transportation.  smart,  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capabilities  make  such  substitutions  for  full  ownership  possible.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  shaking  up  traditional  supplier  relationships  and  redistributing  bargaining  power.  as  the  smart  and  connectivity  components  of  products  deliver  more  value  relative  to  physical  components,  the  physical  components  can  be  commoditized  or  even  replaced  by  software  over  time.  software  also  reduces  the  need  for  physical  tailoring  and  hence  the  number  of  physical  component  varieties.  the  importance  of  traditional  suppliers  to  total  product  cost  will  often  decline,  and  their  bargaining  power  will  fall.  however,  smart,  connected  products  often  introduce  powerful  new  suppliers  that  manufacturers  have  never  needed  before:  providers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  sensors,  software,  connectivity,  embedded  operating  systems,  and  data  storage,  analytics,  and  other  parts  of  the  technology  stack.  some  of  these,  like  google,  apple,  and  att,  are  giants  in  their  own  industries.  they  have  talent  and  capabilities  that  most  manufacturing  companies  have  not  historically  needed  but  that  are  becoming  essential  to  product  differentiation  and  cost.  the  bargaining  power  of  those  new  suppliers  can  be  high,  allowing  them  to  capture  a  bigger  share  of  overall  product  value  and  reduce  manufacturers  profitability.  a  good  example  of  these  new  types  of  suppliers  is  the  open  automotive  alliance,  in  which  general  motors,  honda,  audi,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  hyundai  recently  joined  forces  to  utilize  googles  android  operating  system  for  their  vehicles.  the  auto  oems  lacked  the  specialized  capabilities  needed  to  develop  a  robust  embedded  operating  system  that  delivers  an  excellent  user  experience  while  enabling  an  ecosystem  of  developers  to  build  applications.  auto  oems  traditional  clout  relative  to  suppliers  is  greatly  diminished  with  suppliers  like  google,  which  have  not  only  substantial  resources  and  expertise  but  also  strong  consumer  brands  and  numerous  related  applications  for  example,  consumers  may  prefer  a  car  that  can  sync  with  their  smartphone,  music,  and  apps.  new  suppliers  of  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy products  may  also  gain  greater  leverage  given  their  relationships  with  end  users  and  access  to  product  usage  data.  as  suppliers  capture  product  usage  data  from  end  users,  they  can  also  provide  new  services  to  them,  as  ge  has  done  with  alitalia.  the  powerful  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  an  industry,  but  they  can  expand  the  very  definition  of  the  industry  itself.  the  competitive  boundaries  of  an  industry  widen  to  encompass  a  set  of  related  products  that  together  meet  a  broader  underlying  need.  the  function  of  one  product  is  optimized  with  other  related  products.  for  example,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy integrating  smart,  connected  farm  equipmentsuch  as  tractors,  tillers,  and  planterscan  enable  better  overall  equipment  performance.  the  basis  of  competition  thus  shifts  from  the  functionality  of  a  discrete  product  to  the  performance  of  the  broader  product  system,  in  which  the  firm  is  just  one  actor.  the  manufacturer  can  now  offer  a  package  of  connected  equipment  and  related  services  that  optimize  overall  results.  thus  in  the  farm  example,  the  industry  expands  from  tractor  manufacturing  to  farm  equipment  optimization.  in  mining,  joy  global  has  shifted  from  optimizing  the  performance  of  individual  pieces  of  mining  equipment  to  optimizing  across  the  fleet  of  equipment  deployed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  mine.  industry  boundaries  expand  from  discrete  types  of  mining  machines  to  mining  equipment  systems.  the  increasing  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  industries  but  expand  industry  boundaries.  this  occurs  as  the  basis  of  competition  shifts  from  discrete  products,  to  product  systems  consisting  of  closely  related  products,  to  systems  of  systems  that  link  an  array  of  product  systems  together.  a  tractor  company,  for  example,  may  find  itself  competing  in  a  broader  farm  automation  industry.  increasingly,  however,  industry  boundaries  are  expanding  even  beyond  product  systems  to  systems  of  systemsthat  is,  a  set  of  disparate  product  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  well  as  related  external  information  that  can  be  coordinated  and  optimized,  such  as  a  smart  building,  a  smart  home,  or  a  smart  city.  john  deere  and  agco,  for  example,  are  beginning  to  connect  not  only  farm  machinery  but  irrigation  systems  and  soil  and  nutrient  sources  with  information  on  weather,  crop  prices,  and  commodity  futures  to  optimize  overall  farm  performance.  smart  homes,  which  involve  numerous  product  systems  including  lighting,  hvac,  entertainment,  and  security,  are  another  example.  companies  whose  products  and  designs  have  the  greatest  impact  on  total  system  performance  will  be  in  the  best  position  to  drive  this  process  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capture  disproportionate  value.  some  companieslike  john  deere,  agco,  and  joy  globalare  intentionally  seeking  to  broaden  and  redefine  their  industries.  others  may  find  themselves  threatened  by  this  development,  which  creates  new  competitors,  new  bases  for  competition,  and  the  need  for  entirely  new  and  broader  capabilities.  companies  that  fail  to  adapt  may  find  their  traditional  products  becoming  commoditized  or  may  themselves  be  relegated  to  the  role  of  oem  supplier,  with  system  integrators  in  control.  more  the  net  effect  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  structure  will  vary  across  industries,  but  some  tendencies  seem  clear.  first,  rising  barriers  to  entry,  coupled  with  firstmover
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advantages  stemming  from  the  early  accumulation  and  analysis  of  product  usage  data,  suggests  that  many  industries  may  undergo  consolidation.  second,  consolidation  pressures  will  be  amplified  in  industries  whose  boundaries  are  expanding.  in  such  cases,  single  product  manufacturers  will  have  difficulty  competing  with  multiproduct  companies  that  can  optimize  product  performance  across  broader  systems.  third,  important  new  entrants  are  likely  to  emerge,  as  companies  unencumbered  by  legacy  product  definitions  and  entrenched  ways  of  competing,  and  with  no  historical  profit  pools  to  protect,  seize  opportunities  to  leverage  the  full  potential  of  smart,  connected  products  to  create  value.  some  of  these  strategies  will  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy productlessthat  is,  the  system  that  connects  products  will  be  the  core  advantage,  not  the  products  themselves.  how  can  companies  achieve  sustainable  competitive  advantage  in  a  shifting  industry  structure?  the  basic  tenets  of  strategy  still  apply.  to  achieve  competitive  advantage,  a  company  must  be  able  to  differentiate  itself  and  thus  command  a  price  premium,  operate  at  a  lower  cost  than  its  rivals,  or  both.  this  allows  for  superior  profitability  and  growth  relative  to  the  industry  average.  the  foundation  for  competitive  advantage  is  operational  effectiveness  oe.  oe  requires  embracing  best  practices  across  the  value  chain,  including  uptodate  product  technologies,  the  latest  production
__label__controloptimizationautonomy equipment,  and  stateoftheart  sales  force  methods,  it  solutions,  and  supply  chain  management  approaches.  oe  is  the  table  stakes  of  competition.  if  a  company  is  not  operationally  effective  and  continually  embracing  new  best  practices,  it  will  fall  behind  rivals  in  cost  and  quality.  yet  oe  is  rarely  a  source  of  sustainable  advantage,  because  competitors  will  implement  the  same  best  practices  and  catch  up.  to  move  beyond  oe,  a  company  must  define  a  distinctive  strategic  positioning.  whereas  operational  effectiveness  is  about  doing  things  well,  strategic  positioning  is  about  doing  things  differently.  a  company  must  choose  how  it  will  deliver  unique  value  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  set  of  customers  it  chooses  to  serve.  strategy  requires  making  tradeoffs:  deciding  not  only  what  to  do  but  what  not  to  do.  smart,  connected  products  are  defining  a  new  standard  for  operational  effectiveness,  dramatically  raising  the  bar  in  terms  of  best  practices.  every  product  company  will  have  to  decide  how  to  incorporate  smart,  connected  capabilities  into  its  products.  but  not  only  the  product  itself  is  being  affected.  as  we  discussed  earlier,  the  move  to  smart,  connected  products  also  creates  new  best  practices  across  the  value  chain.  the  implications  of  smart,  connected  products  for  the  value  chain  will  be  discussed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  detail  in  the  second  article  in  this  series  see  the  sidebar  charting  the  impact  on  competition.  here  we  focus  briefly  on  how  smart,  connected  products  affect  product  design,  service,  marketing,  human  resources,  and  security,  because  these  shifting  internal  activities  often  bear  directly  on  strategy  choices.  this  article  is  the  first  in  a  twopart  series  in  which  we  examine  how  smart,  connected  products  are  shifting  competition  in  many  industries.  at  the  most  fundamental  level,  companies  must  ask  four  questions:  1.  how  does  the  move  to  smart,  connected  products  affect  the  structure  of  the  industry  and  industry  boundaries?  2.  how  do
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart,  connected  products  affect  the  configuration  of  the  value  chain  or  the  set  of  activities  required  to  compete?  3.  what  new  types  of  strategic  choices  will  smart,  connected  products  require  companies  to  make  to  achieve  competitive  advantage?  4.  what  are  the  organizational  implications  of  embracing  these  new  types  of  products  and  the  challenges  that  affect  implementation  success?  in  this  article,  we  examine  the  effect  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  structure  and  industry  boundaries  and  discuss  the  new  strategic  choices  facing  companies.  in  part  two  forthcoming,  we  examine  value  chain  impacts  and  organizational  issues.  disclosure:  ptc  does  business  with  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy than  28,000  companies  worldwide,  many  of  which  are  mentioned  in  this  article.  more  smart,  connected  products  require  a  whole  set  of  new  design  principles,  such  as  designs  that  achieve  hardware  standardization  through  softwarebased  customization,  designs  that  enable  personalization,  designs  that  incorporate  the  ability  to  support  ongoing  product  upgrades,  and  designs  that  enable  predictive,  enhanced,  or  remote  service.  expertise  in  systems  engineering  and  in  agile  software  development  is  essential  to  integrate  a  products  hardware,  electronics,  software,  operating  system,  and  connectivity  componentsexpertise  that  is  not  well  developed  in  many  manufacturing  companies.  product  development  processes  will  also  need  to  accommodate  more  latestage  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy postpurchase  design  changes  quickly  and  efficiently.  companies  will  need  to  synchronize  the  very  different  clock  speeds  of  hardware  and  software  development;  a  software  development  team  might  create  as  many  as  10  iterations  of  an  application  in  the  time  it  takes  to  generate  a  single  new  version  of  the  hardware  on  which  it  runs.  smart,  connected  products  offer  major  improvements  in  predictive  maintenance  and  service  productivity.  new  service  organizational  structures  and  delivery  processes  are  required  to  take  advantage  of  product  data  that  can  reveal  existing  and  future  problems  and  enable  companies  to  make  timely,  and  sometimes  remote,  repairs.  realtime  product  usage
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  performance  data  allows  substantial  reductions  in  fieldservice  dispatch  costs  and  major  efficiencies  in  spareparts  inventory  control.  early  warnings  about  impending  failure  of  parts  or  components  can  reduce  breakdowns  and  allow  more  efficient  service  scheduling.  data  on  product  usage  and  performance  can  feed  insights  back  to  product  design,  so  that  firms  can  reduce  future  product  failures  and  associated  service  required.  product  usage  data  can  also  be  used  to  validate  warranty  claims  and  identify  warranty  agreement  violations.  smart,  connected  mining  machines  such  as  this  joy  global  longwall  shearer  in  some  cases,  firms  can  decrease  service  costs  by  replacing  physical  parts  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy software  parts.  for  example,  glass  cockpit  lcd  displays  in  modern  aircraft,  which  can  be  repaired  or  upgraded  via  software,  have  replaced  electrical  and  mechanical  dials  and  gauges.  product  usage  data  also  enables  firms  to  better  design  for  servicethat  is,  reduce  the  complexity  or  placement  of  parts  that  are  prone  to  failure  in  order  to  simplify  repairs.  all  these  opportunities  change  the  service  activities  in  the  value  chain  substantially.  smart,  connected  products  allow  companies  to  form  new  kinds  of  relationships  with  customers,  requiring  new  marketing  practices  and  skill  sets.  as  companies  accumulate  and  analyze  product  usage  data,  they  gain  new  insights
__label__controloptimizationautonomy into  how  products  create  value  for  customers,  allowing  better  positioning  of  offerings  and  more  effective  communication  of  product  value  to  customers.  using  data  analytics  tools,  firms  can  segment  their  markets  in  moresophisticated  ways,  tailor  product  and  service  bundles  that  deliver  greater  value  to  each  segment,  and  price  those  bundles  to  capture  more  of  that  value.  this  approach  works  best  when  products  can  be  quickly  and  efficiently  tailored  at  low  marginal  cost  through  software  as  opposed  to  hardware  variation.  for  example,  whereas  john  deere  used  to  manufacture  multiple  engines  with  different  levels  of  horsepower  to  serve  different  customer  segments,  it  now
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  modify  the  horsepower  rating  on  the  same  engine  using  software  alone.  smart,  connected  products  create  major  new  human  resource  requirements  and  challenges.  the  most  urgent  of  these  is  the  need  to  recruit  new  skill  sets,  many  of  which  are  in  high  demand.  engineering  departments,  traditionally  staffed  with  mechanical  engineers,  must  add  talent  in  software  development,  systems  engineering,  product  clouds,  big  data  analytics,  and  other  areas.  smart,  connected  products  create  the  need  for  robust  security  management  to  protect  the  data  flowing  to,  from,  and  between  products;  protect  products  against  unauthorized  use;  and  secure  access  between  the  product  technology  stack  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy other  corporate  systems.  this  will  require  new  authentication  processes,  secure  storage  of  product  data,  protections  against  hackers  for  both  product  data  and  customer  data,  definition  and  control  of  access  privileges,  and  protections  for  products  themselves  from  hackers  and  unauthorized  use.  the  path  to  competitive  advantage  ultimately  rests  on  strategy.  our  research  reveals  that  in  a  smart,  connected  world  companies  face  10  new  strategic  choices.  each  choice  involves  tradeoffs,  and  each  must  reflect  a  companys  unique  circumstances.  the  choices  are  also  interdependent.  the  companys  entire  set  of  choices  must  reinforce  one  another  and  define  a  coherent  and  distinctive  overall  strategic  positioning
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  the  company.  smart,  connected  products  dramatically  expand  the  range  of  potential  product  capabilities  and  features.  companies  may  be  tempted  to  add  as  many  new  features  as  possible,  especially  given  the  often  low  marginal  cost  of  adding  more  sensors  and  new  software  applications,  and  the  largely  fixed  costs  of  the  product  cloud  and  other  infrastructure.  but  just  because  a  company  can  offer  many  new  capabilities  does  not  mean  that  their  value  to  customers  exceeds  their  cost.  and  when  companies  get  into  a  features  and  capabilities  arms  race,  they  end  up  blurring  strategic  differences  and  creating  zerosum  competition.  more  a  tesla
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicle  in  need  of  repairs  can  autonomously  call  for  a  corrective  software  download,  or,  if  necessary,  send  a  notification  to  the  customer  with  an  invitation  for  a  valet  to  pick  up  the  car  and  deliver  it  to  a  tesla  facility.  how  should  a  company  determine  which  smart,  connected  capabilities  to  offer?  first,  it  must  decide  which  features  will  deliver  real  value  to  customers  relative  to  their  cost.  in  residential  water  heaters,  a.o.  smith  has  developed  capabilities  for  fault  monitoring  and  notification,  but  water  heaters  are  so  longlived  and  reliable  that  few  households  are  willing  to  pay  enough  for  these  features
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  justify  their  current  cost.  consequently,  a.o.  smith  offers  them  as  options  on  only  a  few  models.  in  commercial  water  heaters  and  boilers,  however,  adoption  of  such  capabilities  is  high  and  rising.  the  value  of  remote  monitoring  and  operation  to  commercial  customers  that  often  cannot  operate  without  heat  and  hot  water  is  high  relative  to  their  cost,  and  so  these  features  are  becoming  standard.  note  that  the  cost  of  incorporating  smart,  connected  product  features  will  tend  to  fall  over  time,  as  is  the  case  in  water  heaters  and  boilers.  when  deciding  what  features  to  offer,  then,  companies  must  continually  revisit
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  value  equation.  second,  the  value  of  features  or  capabilities  will  vary  by  market  segment,  and  so  the  selection  of  features  a  company  offers  will  depend  on  what  segments  it  chooses  to  serve.  schneider  electric,  for  example,  makes  building  products  as  well  as  integrated  building  management  solutions  that  gather  volumes  of  data  about  energy  consumption  and  other  building  performance  metrics.  for  one  segment  of  customers,  schneiders  solution  involves  remote  equipment  monitoring,  alerts,  and  advisory  services  in  reducing  energy  use  and  other  costs.  for  the  segment  of  customers  that  want  a  fully  outsourced  solution,  however,  schneider  actually  takes  over  remote  control
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  equipment  to  minimize  energy  consumption  on  customers  behalf.  third,  a  company  should  incorporate  those  capabilities  and  features  that  reinforce  its  competitive  positioning.  a  company  competing  with  a  highend  strategy  can  often  reinforce  differentiation  through  extensive  features,  while  a  lowcost  competitor  may  choose  to  include  only  the  most  basic  features  that  affect  core  product  performance  and  that  lower  the  cost  of  operation.  for  example,  a.o.  smiths  lochinvar  boiler  unit,  which  competes  using  a  highly  differentiated  strategy,  has  made  extensive  smart,  connected  product  features  standard  on  its  core  products.  in  contrast,  rolex,  the  luxury  watch  maker,  has  decided  that  smart,  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capabilities  are  not  an  area  in  which  it  will  compete.  once  a  company  has  decided  which  capabilities  to  offer,  it  must  decide  whether  the  enabling  technology  for  each  feature  should  be  embedded  in  the  product  raising  the  cost  of  every  product,  delivered  through  the  product  cloud,  or  both.  in  addition  to  cost,  a  number  of  factors  should  be  taken  into  consideration.  a  feature  that  requires  quick  response  times,  such  as  a  safety  shutdown  in  a  nuclear  power  plant,  requires  that  the  software  be  embedded  in  the  physical  product.  this  also  reduces  the  risk  that  lost  or  degraded  connectivity  slows  down
__label__controloptimizationautonomy response.  products  that  are  fully  automated,  such  as  antilock  brakes,  usually  require  that  greater  functionality  be  embedded  into  the  device.  embedding  software  in  the  product  minimizes  dependence  on  network  availability  and  the  amount  of  data  that  must  flow  from  the  product  to  cloudbased  applications,  lowering  the  risk  that  sensitive  or  confidential  data  will  be  compromised  during  transmission.  companies  that  operate  products  in  remote  or  hazardous  locations  can  mitigate  the  associated  dangers  and  costs  by  hosting  functionality  in  the  product  cloud.  as  discussed  above,  thermo  fishers  chemical  analyzers,  used  in  hazardous  or  toxic  environments,  have  cloudbased  capabilities  and  connectivity  that  enable
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  instantaneous  transmission  of  contamination  data  and  allow  the  immediate  initiation  of  mitigation  efforts.  more  if  the  products  user  interface  is  complex  and  is  changed  frequently,  the  interface  may  be  best  located  in  the  cloud.  the  cloud  offers  the  ability  to  deliver  a  much  richer  user  experience  and  potentially  to  take  advantage  of  an  existing,  familiar,  and  robust  user  interface  like  a  smartphone.  cloudbased  applications  and  interfaces  allow  companies  to  make  product  changes  and  upgrades  easily  and  automatically.  home  audio  equipment  maker  sonos,  a  smart,  connected  products  pioneer,  takes  advantage  of  cloudbased  capability  to  reinvent  home  audio  for  the  digital
__label__controloptimizationautonomy age,  putting  a  premium  on  convenience,  variety  of  music,  and  ease  of  use.  the  companys  wireless  systems  place  both  the  music  source  and  the  user  interface  in  the  cloud,  enabling  sonos  to  simplify  its  products  physical  design:  the  portable  device,  which  is  controlled  from  a  smartphone,  contains  only  the  amplifier  and  speaker.  with  this  offering,  sonos  attempted  to  disrupt  the  home  audio  market.  the  tradeoff?  wireless  streamed  audio  systems  do  not  deliver  the  level  of  sound  quality  that  true  audiophiles  demand.  competitors  such  as  bose  will  make  different  choices  and  tradeoffs  to  secure  their  competitive  differentiation.  we  believe  that  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart,  connected  products  evolve,  more  humanmachine  interface  capabilities  may  well  move  out  of  the  product  and  into  the  cloud.  however,  the  complexity  facing  users  in  operating  these  interfaces  will  increase.  user  interfaces  may  often  overshoot  in  complexity,  and  user  backlash  may  drive  firms  to  restore  simpler,  easytouse  interfaces  for  common  functions,  including  on/off  controls.  smart,  connected  products  involve  multiple  types  of  functionality  and  services,  and  are  often  systems  encompassing  multiple  products.  a  closed  system  approach  aims  to  have  customers  purchase  the  entire  smart,  connected  product  system  from  a  single  manufacturer.  key  interfaces  are  proprietary,  and  only  chosen  parties  gain  access.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  operating  data  that  ge  gathers  from  its  aircraft  engines,  for  example,  is  available  only  to  the  airlines  operating  the  engines.  an  open  system,  by  contrast,  enables  the  end  customer  to  assemble  the  parts  of  the  solutionboth  the  products  involved  and  the  platform  that  ties  the  system  togetherfrom  different  companies.  here,  the  interfaces  enabling  access  to  each  part  of  the  system  are  open  or  standardized,  allowing  outside  players  to  create  new  applications.  when  smart  wind  turbines  are  networked,  software  can  adjust  the  blades  on  each  one  to  minimize  impact  on  the  efficiency  of  turbines  nearby.  closed  systems  create  competitive  advantage
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  allowing  a  company  to  control  and  optimize  the  design  of  all  parts  of  the  system  relative  to  one  another.  the  company  maintains  control  over  technology  and  data  as  well  as  the  direction  of  development  of  the  product  and  the  product  cloud.  producers  of  system  components  are  restricted  from  accessing  a  closed  system  or  are  required  to  license  the  right  to  integrate  their  products  into  it.  a  closed  approach  may  result  in  one  manufacturers  system  becoming  the  de  facto  industry  standard,  enabling  this  company  to  capture  the  maximum  value.  a  closed  approach  requires  significant  investment  and  works  best  when  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy single  manufacturer  has  a  dominant  position  in  the  industry  that  can  be  leveraged  to  control  the  supply  of  all  parts  of  the  smart,  connected  product  system.  if  either  philips  healthcare  or  ge  healthcare  were  the  dominant  manufacturer  of  medical  imaging  equipment,  for  example,  it  could  drive  a  closed  approach  in  which  it  could  sell  medical  imaging  management  systems  that  included  only  its  own  or  partners  equipment  to  hospitals.  however,  neither  company  has  the  clout  to  restrict  hospitals  choice  of  other  manufacturers  equipment,  so  both  companies  imaging  system  platforms  interface  with  other  manufacturers  machines.  a  fully  open  system  enables  any  entity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  participate  in  and  interface  with  the  system.  when  philips  lighting  introduced  the  hue  smart,  connected  lightbulb,  for  example,  it  included  a  basic  smartphone  application  that  allowed  users  to  control  the  color  and  intensity  of  individual  bulbs.  philips  also  published  the  application  programming  interface,  which  led  independent  software  developers  to  quickly  release  dozens  of  applications  that  extended  the  utility  of  the  hue  bulbs,  boosting  sales.  the  open  approach  enables  a  faster  rate  of  applications  development  and  system  innovation  as  multiple  entities  contribute.  it  can  also  result  in  a  de  facto  industry  standard,  but  one  from  which  no  company  gains  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy proprietary  benefit.  more  while  a  closed  system  is  possible  for  individual  product  systems,  it  is  often  impractical  for  systems  of  systems.  whirlpool,  for  example,  realizes  that  its  strong  position  in  home  appliances  will  not  be  sufficient  to  become  the  leader  in  the  connected  home,  which  includes  not  only  connected  appliances  but  also  automated  lighting,  hvac,  entertainment,  and  security.  therefore,  whirlpool  designs  its  appliances  to  be  readily  connectable  to  the  variety  of  home  automation  systems  on  the  market,  seeking  to  retain  proprietary  control  only  over  its  product  features.  a  hybrid  approach,  in  which  a  subset  of  functionality  is  open  but  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy company  controls  access  to  full  capabilities,  occurs  in  industries  like  medical  devices,  where  manufacturers  support  an  industry  standard  interface  but  offer  greater  functionality  only  to  customers.  over  time,  closed  approaches  become  more  challenging  as  technology  spreads  and  customers  resist  limits  on  choice.  babolats  play  pure  drive  product  system  puts  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  tennis  racket  handle,  allowing  users  to  track  and  analyze  ball  speed,  spin,  and  impact  location  to  improve  their  game.  developing  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  requires  significant  investment  in  specialized  skills,  technologies,  and  infrastructure  that  have  not  been  typically  present  in  manufacturing  companies.  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  these  skills  are  scarce  and  in  high  demand.  a  company  must  choose  which  layers  of  technology  to  develop  and  maintain  inhouse  and  which  to  outsource  to  suppliers  and  partners.  in  utilizing  outside  partners,  it  must  decide  whether  to  pursue  custom  development  of  tailored  solutions  or  license  offtheshelf,  bestofbreed  solutions  at  each  level.  our  research  suggests  that  the  most  successful  companies  choose  a  judicious  combination  of  both.  companies  that  develop  smart,  connected  products  inhouse  internalize  key  skills  and  infrastructure  and  retain  greater  control  over  features,  functionality,  and  product  data.  they  may  also  capture  firstmover  advantages  and  the  ability  to  influence
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  direction  of  technology  development.  the  company  gets  on  its  own,  steeper  learning  curve,  which  can  help  maintain  its  competitive  advantage.  for  example,  while  software  skills  are  not  well  developed  in  most  manufacturing  companies,  jeff  immelt  recently  said  that  every  industrial  company  will  become  a  software  company.  the  nature  of  technology  for  smart,  connected  products  makes  it  clear  why  that  might  well  be  true  and  why  building  internal  software  capability  is  crucial.  early  pioneers  agco  and  deere  have  both  taken  a  largely  inhouse  route  to  develop  smart  farm  equipment  solutions  for  those  reasons.  ge  has  created  a  major  software  development
__label__controloptimizationautonomy center  to  build  inhouse  capabilities  it  sees  as  strategic  across  business  units.  however,  as  with  the  two  previous  it  waves,  the  difficulty,  skills,  time,  and  cost  involved  in  building  the  entire  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  is  formidable  and  leads  to  specialization  at  each  layer.  just  as  intel  has  specialized  in  microprocessors  and  oracle  in  databases,  new  firms  that  specialize  in  components  of  the  smart,  connected  products  technology  stack  are  already  emerging,  and  their  technology  investments  are  amortized  over  many  thousands  of  customers.  early  movers  that  choose  inhouse  development  can  overestimate  their  ability  to  stay  ahead  and  end  up
__label__controloptimizationautonomy slowing  down  their  development  time  line.  but  outsourcing  can  create  new  costs,  as  suppliers  and  partners  demand  a  larger  share  of  the  value  created.  companies  that  rely  on  partners  also  compromise  their  ability  to  differentiate  going  forward,  and  their  ability  to  build  and  retain  the  inhouse  expertise  required  to  set  overall  product  design  strategy,  manage  innovation,  and  choose  vendors  well.  in  making  these  buildversusbuy  choices,  companies  should  identify  those  technology  layers  that  offer  the  greatest  opportunities  for  product  insight,  future  innovation,  and  competitive  advantage,  and  outsource  those  that  will  become  commoditized  or  advance  too  quickly.  for  example,  most  companies  should
__label__controloptimizationautonomy strive  to  maintain  solid  internal  capabilities  in  areas  such  as  device  design,  the  user  interface,  systems  engineering,  data  analytics,  and  rapid  product  application  development.  more  these  choices  will  evolve  over  time.  in  the  early  stages  of  smart,  connected  products  technology,  the  number  of  capable  and  robust  suppliers  has  been  limited,  and  so  companies  have  been  faced  with  the  imperative  of  inhouse  or  custom  development.  already,  however,  bestofbreed  vendors  with  turnkey  connectivity  solutions  and  product  clouds,  secure  highperformance  application  platforms,  and  readytouse  data  analytics  are  emerging.  this  makes  it  increasingly  challenging  for  inhouse  efforts  to  keep  up  and  can  turn  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy early  lead  into  a  disadvantage.  ralph  laurens  polo  tech  shirt,  available  in  2015,  streams  distance  covered,  calories  burned,  movement  intensity,  heart  rate,  and  other  data  to  the  wearers  mobile  device.  product  data  is  fundamental  to  value  creation  and  competitive  advantage  in  smart,  connected  products.  but  collecting  data  requires  sensors,  which  add  cost  to  the  product,  as  does  transmitting,  storing,  securing,  and  analyzing  this  data.  companies  may  also  need  to  obtain  rights  to  the  data,  adding  complexity  and  cost.  to  determine  which  types  of  data  provide  sufficient  value  relative  to  cost,  the  firm  must  consider  questions  such  as:  how  does  each
__label__controloptimizationautonomy type  of  data  create  tangible  value  for  functionality?  for  efficiency  in  the  value  chain?  will  the  data  help  the  company  understand  and  improve  how  the  broader  product  system  is  performing  over  time?  how  often  does  the  data  need  to  be  collected  to  optimize  its  usefulness,  and  how  long  should  it  be  retained?  companies  must  also  consider  the  product  integrity,  security,  or  privacy  risks  for  each  type  of  data  and  the  associated  cost.  the  less  sensitive  data  a  company  collects,  the  lower  the  risk  of  breaches  and  transmission  disruptions.  when  security  requirements  are  high,  companies  will  need  capabilities  to  protect  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  and  limit  transmission  risk  by  storing  data  in  the  product  itself.  we  will  discuss  security  more  extensively  in  part  two  of  this  series.  the  types  of  data  a  company  chooses  to  collect  and  analyze  also  depend  on  its  positioning.  if  the  companys  strategy  is  focused  on  leading  in  product  performance  or  minimizing  service  cost,  it  must  usually  capture  extensive  immediate  value  data  that  can  be  leveraged  in  real  time.  this  is  especially  important  for  complex,  expensive  products  for  which  downtime  is  costly,  such  as  wind  turbines  or  jet  engines.  for  companies  seeking  leadership  in  the  product  system,  there  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  need  to  invest  in  capturing  and  analyzing  moreextensive  data  across  multiple  products  and  the  external  environment,  even  for  products  the  company  does  not  produce.  for  example  a  smart,  connected  product  system  might  need  to  capture  traffic  data,  weather  conditions,  and  fuel  prices  at  different  locations  for  an  entire  fleet  of  vehicles.  medtronics  implanted  digital  blood  glucose  meter  connects  wirelessly  to  a  monitoring  and  display  device  and  can  alert  patients  to  trends  in  glucose  levels  requiring  attention.  different  strategies  involve  different  datacapture  choices.  nest,  which  aims  to  lead  in  energy  efficiency  and  energy  cost,  gathers  extensive  data  on  both  product
__label__controloptimizationautonomy usage  and  peak  demand  across  the  energy  grid.  this  has  enabled  the  rush  hour  rewards  program,  which  raises  residential  customers  air  conditioning  thermostat  temperature  to  reduce  energy  use  during  peak  demand  periods  and  precools  a  home  before  peak  demand  begins.  by  partnering  with  energy  providers,  securing  the  data  they  provide,  and  integrating  it  with  customer  data,  nest  enables  customers  to  earn  discounts  or  credits  from  their  energy  provider  and  to  use  less  energy  when  everyone  else  is  using  more.  as  a  company  chooses  which  data  to  gather  and  analyze,  it  must  determine  how  to  secure  rights  to  the  data  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manage  data  access.  the  key  is  who  actually  owns  the  data.  the  manufacturer  may  own  the  product,  but  product  usage  data  potentially  belongs  to  the  customer.  for  example,  who  is  the  rightful  owner  of  the  data  streaming  from  a  smart,  connected  aircraft  enginethe  engine  supplier,  the  airframe  manufacturer,  or  the  airline  that  owns  and  operates  the  planes?  there  is  a  range  of  options  for  establishing  data  rights  for  smart,  connected  products.  companies  may  pursue  outright  ownership  of  product  data,  or  seek  joint  ownership.  there  are  also  various  levels  of  usage  rights,  including  ndas,  the  right  to  share  the  data,  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  right  to  sell  it.  firms  must  determine  their  approach  to  transparency  in  data  collection  and  use.  rights  to  data  can  be  laid  out  in  an  explicit  agreement  or  buried  in  small  print  or  hardtounderstand  boilerplate  documents.  although  we  are  seeing  the  early  stages  of  a  movement  toward  more  transparency  in  data  gathering  across  industries,  data  disclosure  and  ownership  standards  often  have  yet  to  be  established.  more  another  option  for  handling  data  rights  and  access  includes  the  establishment  of  a  datasharing  framework  with  component  suppliers  for  providing  information  about  the  components  condition  and  performance  but  not  about  its  location.  limiting
__label__controloptimizationautonomy suppliers  access  to  data,  however,  could  reduce  potential  benefits  if  the  supplier  lacks  a  full  understanding  of  how  products  are  being  used,  slowing  innovation.  customers  and  users  want  a  say  in  these  choices.  some  customers  today  are  much  more  willing  than  others  to  share  data  on  their  product  use.  for  example,  part  of  fitbits  value  proposition  is  its  ability  to  share  via  social  media  the  personal  fitness  information  it  collects.  but  not  every  customer  wants  to  share  this  data.  likewise,  cautious  drivers  may  be  willing  to  share  data  on  their  driving  habits  with  insurance  or  rental  car  companies  as  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy way  to  lower  premiums  or  fees,  but  others  may  resist.  firms  will  need  to  provide  a  clear  value  proposition  to  customers  to  encourage  them  to  share  usage  or  other  data.  as  consumers  become  more  aware  of  the  value  that  data  generates  across  the  value  chain,  they  will  become  more  active  and  demanding  participants  in  decisions  about  what  data  is  collected,  how  it  is  used,  and  who  benefits.  today  its  common  to  see  click  through  agreements  giving  broad  consent  to  collect  product  data  the  first  time  a  smart,  connected  product  is  used.  this  consent  allows  companies  to  indiscriminately  collect  product  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  use  it  with  few  constraints.  in  time  we  expect  that  morestringent  contractual  frameworks  and  mechanisms  governing  those  rights  will  emerge  to  define  and  protect  intellectual  property  associated  with  smart,  connected  product  data.  it  behooves  companies  to  get  ahead  of  this  trend,  especially  on  the  product  data  they  truly  need  to  collect  in  order  to  drive  value.  careful  stewardship  of  data  will  also  be  essential,  especially  in  highly  regulated  industries  such  as  medical  devices.  regulatory  standards  for  data  access  and  security  are  already  in  place  in  many  such  fields.  biotronik  has  created  infrastructure  that  allows  it  to  securely  gather  patient
__label__controloptimizationautonomy information,  such  as  arrhythmia  events  or  pacemaker  battery  status,  and  share  it  only  with  a  specified  audiencethe  patients  physician.  regardless  of  the  industry,  however,  stewardship  of  data  will  be  an  essential  capability,  and  data  breaches  will  lead  to  serious  consequences  regardless  of  who  is  at  fault.  ongoing  security  risk  is  part  of  the  business  case  for  which  data  to  collect  and  how  to  manage  it.  smart,  connected  products  enable  firms  to  maintain  direct  and  deep  customer  relationships,  which  can  reduce  the  need  for  distribution  channel  partners.  companies  can  also  diagnose  product  performance  problems  and  failures  and  sometimes  make  repairs  remotely,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reducing  reliance  on  service  partners.  by  minimizing  the  role  of  the  middlemen,  companies  can  potentially  capture  new  revenue  and  boost  margins.  they  can  also  improve  their  knowledge  of  customer  needs,  strengthen  brand  awareness,  and  boost  loyalty  by  educating  customers  more  directly  about  product  value.  tesla,  for  example,  has  disrupted  the  status  quo  in  the  automotive  industry  by  selling  its  cars  directly  to  consumers  rather  than  through  a  traditional  dealer  network.  this  has  simplified  the  firms  pricingconsumers  pay  full  sticker  price,  avoiding  the  haggling  common  at  dealershipsgreatly  improving  customer  satisfaction.  by  eliminating  thirdparty  involvement  in  repairs,  tesla  captures  revenue  and  deepens
__label__controloptimizationautonomy its  relationship  with  customers.  the  firm  transmits  software  upgrades  to  its  cars,  continually  improving  the  customer  experience  and  giving  drivers  the  equivalent  of  the  new  car  smell  with  each  update.  when  monitoring  detects  that  a  tesla  vehicle  is  due  for  repairs,  the  car  either  autonomously  calls  for  a  remote  repair  via  software  or  sends  a  notification  to  the  customer  with  an  invitation  to  request  that  a  valet  deliver  it  to  the  tesla  facility.  the  firm  was  recently  rated  number  one  in  customer  satisfaction  by  while  disintermediation  has  definite  advantages,  some  level  of  physical  proximity  to  customers  is  still  required  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy desirable  in  most  industries.  customers  must  take  delivery  of  and  sometimes  install  a  physical  product,  and  some  types  of  service  visits  are  still  necessary.  in  addition,  customers  may  have  strong  relationships  with  resellers  and  channels  that  offer  them  a  broader  product  line  and  deep  and  local  fieldbased  expertise.  when  manufacturers  diminish  the  role  of  valuable  channel  partners,  they  risk  losing  them  to  competitors  whose  strategy  is  to  embrace  partners.  also,  assuming  roles  formerly  handled  by  partnerssuch  as  direct  selling  or  servicecan  be  challenging,  involving  high  startup  costs  and  major  new  investments  in  value  chain  functions  such  as  sales,  logistics,  inventory,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  infrastructure.  the  choice  of  whether  or  not  to  disintermediate  a  channel  or  service  partner  will  depend  in  large  part  on  the  type  of  partner  network  the  firm  manages.  do  partners  simply  distribute  products,  or  are  they  critical  to  delivering  training  and  service  in  the  field?  what  percentage  of  partner  activities  can  be  replaced  through  smart,  connected  product  capabilities?  do  customers  understand  the  value  of  eliminating  the  middleman?  do  customers  understand  that  traditional  relationships  with  established  channels  are  no  longer  necessary  and  involve  extra  cost?  smart,  connected  products  offer  a  rich  new  set  of  value  creation  and  growth  opportunities.  however,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy efforts  to  seize  those  opportunities  will  not  be  without  challenges.  some  of  the  greatest  strategic  risks  include  the  following:  just  because  a  feature  is  now  possible  does  not  mean  there  is  a  clear  value  proposition  for  the  customer.  adding  enhanced  capabilities  and  options  can  reach  the  point  of  diminishing  returns,  due  to  the  cost  and  complexity  of  use.  smart,  connected  products  open  major  new  gateways  to  corporate  systems  and  data,  requiring  steppedup  network  security,  device  and  sensor  security,  and  information  encryption.  new  competitors  offering  products  with  smart,  connected  capabilities  such  as  connectivity  and  embedded  software  or  performance  or  servicebased  business
__label__controloptimizationautonomy models  can  emerge  quickly  and  reshape  competition  and  industry  boundaries.  moving  slowly  enables  competitors  and  new  entrants  to  gain  a  foothold,  begin  capturing  and  analyzing  data,  and  start  moving  up  the  learning  curve.  the  shift  to  smart,  connected  products  will  demand  new  technologies,  skills,  and  processes  throughout  the  value  chain  for  example,  big  data  analytics,  systems  engineering,  and  software  application  development.  a  realistic  assessment  about  which  capabilities  should  be  developed  inhouse  and  which  should  be  developed  by  new  partners  is  crucial.  more  manufacturers  have  traditionally  focused  on  producing  a  physical  good  and  capturing  value  by  transferring  ownership  of  the  good
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  the  customer  through  a  sales  transaction.  the  owner  is  then  responsible  for  the  costs  of  servicing  the  product  and  other  costs  of  use,  while  bearing  the  risks  of  downtime  and  other  product  failures  and  defects  not  covered  by  warranties.  smart,  connected  products  allow  the  radical  alteration  of  this  longstanding  business  model.  the  manufacturer,  through  access  to  product  data  and  the  ability  to  anticipate,  reduce,  and  repair  failures,  has  an  unprecedented  ability  to  affect  product  performance  and  optimize  service.  this  opens  up  a  spectrum  of  new  business  models  for  capturing  value,  from  a  version  of  the  traditional  ownership  model  where
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  customer  benefits  from  the  new  service  efficiencies  to  the  productasaservice  model  in  which  the  manufacturer  retains  ownership  and  takes  full  responsibility  for  the  costs  of  product  operation  and  service  in  return  for  an  ongoing  charge.  customers  pay  as  they  go,  not  up  front.  here,  the  value  of  product  performance  improvements  that  reduce  operating  cost  such  as  better  energy  efficiency  and  service  efficiencies  are  captured  by  the  manufacturer.  smart,  connected  products  create  a  dilemma  for  manufacturers,  particularly  those  that  make  complex,  longlived  products  for  which  parts  and  service  generate  significant  revenue  and  often  disproportionate  profit.  whirlpool,  for  example,  currently  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  healthy  business  selling  spare  parts  and  service  contractsa  model  that  can  dull  incentives  to  make  products  more  reliable,  more  durable,  and  easier  to  fix.  if,  instead,  whirlpool  moved  to  a  productasaservice  model,  in  which  it  maintained  ownership  of  the  product  and  the  customer  simply  paid  for  the  use  of  the  machine,  the  economic  incentives  would  be  turned  upside  down.  the  profitability  of  productasaservice  models  depends  on  the  pricing  and  terms  of  contracts,  which  are  a  function  of  bargaining  power.  productasaservice  models  can  increase  buyers  power,  because  customers  may  be  able  to  switch  after  the  contract  period  if  the  product
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  not  embedded  as  with  an  elevator,  unlike  with  perpetual  ownership.  product  sharing,  a  variation  of  the  productasaservice  model,  focuses  on  more  efficient  utilization  of  products  that  are  used  intermittently.  customers  pay  for  the  use  of  the  product  such  as  cars  or  bikes  when  they  need  it,  and  the  company  such  as  zipcar  or  hubway  is  responsible  for  everything  else.  product  sharing  is  spreading  to  nonmobile  products  such  as  houses.  companies  can  also  pursue  hybrid  models  between  the  extremes  of  productasaservice  and  conventional  ownership,  such  as  product  sales  bundled  with  warranty  or  service  contracts,  or  product  sales  bundled  with  performancebased
__label__controloptimizationautonomy contracts.  service  contracts  allow  the  manufacturer  to  keep  service  inhouse  and  capture  more  of  the  value  from  service  efficiencies.  in  a  performancebased  contract,  the  manufacturer  sells  the  product  along  with  a  contract  that  promises  that  the  product  will  perform  to  certain  specifications  such  as  percentage  of  uptime.  here,  ownership  is  transferred,  but  the  manufacturer  maintains  responsibility  and  bears  the  risk  of  product  performance.  the  companys  wireless  music  systems  place  the  user  interface  in  the  cloud,  enabling  users  to  control  the  portable  device  from  a  smartphone.  companies  may  find  that  the  data  they  accumulate  from  smart,  connected  products  is  valuable  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy entities  besides  traditional  customers.  companies  may  also  discover  that  they  can  capture  additional  data,  beyond  what  they  need  to  optimize  product  value,  that  is  valuable  to  other  entities.  in  either  case,  this  may  lead  to  new  services  or  even  new  businesses.  data  about  the  performance  of  a  products  components,  for  example,  could  be  valuable  to  suppliers  of  those  components.  data  about  driving  conditions  or  delays  gathered  by  a  fleet  of  vehicles  could  be  valuable  to  other  drivers,  to  the  operators  of  logistical  systems,  or  to  road  repair  crews.  data  about  driving  characteristics  could  be  valuable  to  fleet  operators  or  insurance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy companies.  more  again,  in  choosing  how  to  capture  new  value  from  product  data,  companies  must  consider  the  likely  reaction  of  core  customers.  while  some  of  them  may  not  care  how  their  data  is  used,  others  may  feel  strongly  about  data  privacy  and  reuse.  companies  will  need  to  identify  mechanisms  to  provide  valuable  data  to  third  parties  without  alienating  customers.  for  example,  a  company  might  not  sell  individual  customer  data  but  rather  blinded  or  aggregate  data  on  purchasing  patterns,  driving  habits,  or  energy  usage.  smart,  connected  products  not  only  transform  existing  products  but  often  broaden  industry  boundaries.  products  that  have  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy separate  and  distinct  can  become  parts  of  optimized  systems  of  related  products,  or  components  of  systems  of  systems.  shifting  boundaries  mean  that  companies  that  have  been  industry  leaders  for  decades  may  find  themselves  playing  more  of  a  supporting  role  in  a  broader  landscape.  the  emergence  of  product  systems  and  systems  of  systems  raises  at  least  two  types  of  strategic  choices  about  company  scope.  the  first  is  whether  a  company  should  expand  into  related  products  or  other  parts  of  the  system  of  systems.  the  second  is  whether  a  company  should  seek  to  provide  the  platform  that  connects  the  related  products  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy information,  even  if  it  does  not  make  or  control  all  the  parts.  companies  may  be  tempted  to  enter  into  related  products  in  order  to  capture  the  big  opportunity,  but  entry  into  related  products  always  involves  risk  and  the  need  for  new  capabilities.  companies  must  identify  a  clear  value  proposition  before  entering.  expanding  product  scope  will  be  most  attractive  where  there  are  major  performance  improvement  opportunities  through  codesigning  the  related  products  to  optimize  the  system.  alternatively,  if  optimization  is  not  dependent  on  individual  product  designs,  a  company  may  be  better  off  sticking  to  its  knitting  and  providing  open  connectivity  to  related
__label__controloptimizationautonomy products  produced  by  others.  success  is  less  a  function  of  traditional  product  design  than  systems  engineering.  smart,  connected  products  will  give  rise  to  the  next  era  of  itdriven  productivity  growth  at  a  time  when  the  impact  of  earlier  waves  of  it  has  largely  played  itself  out.  companies  whose  products  and  associated  technological  capabilities  are  central  to  overall  product  system  operation  and  performance,  such  as  joy  globals  mining  machines,  will  be  in  the  best  position  to  enter  related  products  and  integrate  the  system.  manufacturers  that  produce  less  systemcritical  machines,  such  as  the  trucks  that  move  the  material  extracted  from  underground,  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  less  capability  and  credibility  in  customers  eyes  to  take  on  a  broader  system  provider  role.  users  can  control  philips  lighting  hue  lightbulbs  via  smartphone,  turning  them  on  and  off,  programming  them  to  blink  if  they  detect  an  intruder,  or  dimming  them  slowly  at  night.  the  choice  of  whether  or  not  to  develop  the  technology  platform  that  connects  a  product  system  or  system  of  systems  depends  on  some  related  questions.  the  first  is  whether  the  company  can  assemble  the  necessary  it  skills  and  technology,  which  are  quite  different  from  those  required  in  product  design  and  manufacturing.  another  key  question  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy where  system  optimization  takes  place.  inside  product  optimization  involves  integrating  individual  product  designs  so  that  products  work  better  together.  outside  product  optimization  takes  place  through  the  algorithms  that  connect  products  and  other  information,  where  products  themselves  are  modular.  inside  product  optimization  creates  the  strongest  rationale  for  expanding  into  related  products  and  offering  a  proprietary  platform.  outside  product  optimization  favors  an  open  platform,  and  the  platform  may  be  offered  by  a  company  that  does  not  produce  products  at  all.  carrier  corporation  offers  an  example  of  these  choices.  it  has  a  100year  history  of  innovation  in  the  design  of  a  full  range
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  hvac  equipment  such  as  furnaces,  air  conditioners,  heat  pumps,  humidifiers,  and  ventilators.  carrier  optimizes  its  hvac  product  system  performance  by  integrating  individual  designs  across  products,  and  its  smart  infinity  heating  and  cooling  system  platform  connects  them.  however,  hvac  is  part  of  a  broader  home  automation  system.  carrier  has  not  entered  other  product  areas  within  home  automation  because  of  the  need  for  very  different  capabilities.  rather,  its  infinity  platform  provides  interfaces  to  allow  the  hvac  product  family  to  be  integrated  into  the  system  of  systems.  finally,  as  smart,  connected  products  expand  industry  scope  and  the  boundaries  of  competition,  many  companies
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  need  to  rethink  their  corporate  purpose.  the  focus  is  shifting  to  the  broader  need  companies  meet,  rather  than  their  traditional  product  definition.  for  example,  trane  has  moved  from  seeing  itself  as  an  hvac  equipment  producer  to  a  company  that  makes  highperformance  buildings  better  for  everyone  inside.  as  products  continue  to  communicate  and  collaborate  in  networks,  which  are  expanding  both  in  number  and  diversity,  many  companies  will  have  to  reexamine  their  core  mission  and  value  proposition.  more  in  each  of  these  dimensions  of  strategy  but  ensure  that  each  choice  is  consistent  with  and  reinforces  the  others.  for  example,  a  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pursuing  product  system  leadership  will  enter  related  product  categories,  pursue  inside  product  design  integration,  capture  extensive  product  usage  data,  and  develop  more  intensive  internal  capabilities  across  the  technology  stack.  in  contrast,  a  company  that  focuses  on  a  single  part  of  a  product  system  will  need  to  become  bestofbreed  in  terms  of  features  and  functionality  and  provide  transparent  and  open  interfaces  so  that  its  product  can  be  readily  integrated  into  and  becomes  a  valuable  part  of  other  companies  systems  and  platforms.  ultimately,  competitive  success  will  arise  not  by  imitating  rivals  but  by  defining  a  distinctive  value  proposition  that  the  company  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realistically  achieve.  smart,  connected  products  are  changing  how  value  is  created  for  customers,  how  companies  compete,  and  the  boundaries  of  competition  itself.  these  shifts  will  affect  virtually  every  industry,  directly  or  indirectly.  but  smart,  connected  products  will  have  a  broader  impact  even  than  this.  they  will  affect  the  trajectory  of  the  overall  economy,  giving  rise  to  the  next  era  of  itdriven  productivity  growth  for  companies,  their  customers,  and  the  global  economy  at  a  time  when  the  impact  of  earlier  waves  of  it  has  largely  played  itself  out  and  productivity  growth  has  slowed  down.  this  third  wave  of  it  not  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  create  step  function  improvements  in  product  capability  and  performance  but  will  radically  improve  our  ability  to  meet  many  business  and  human  needs.  across  many  fields,  products  will  be  far  more  efficient,  effective,  safe,  reliable,  and  more  fully  utilized,  while  conserving  scarce  natural  resources  such  as  energy,  water,  and  raw  materials.  this  opportunity  to  drive  rapid  innovation  and  economic  growth,  and  with  it  a  return  to  prosperity  growth,  comes  none  too  soon.  the  past  decade  has  been  characterized  by  internal  cost  reduction,  cautious  investment,  higher  corporate  profitability,  rising  ma,  and  muted  innovation  across  large  parts  of  the  economy.  this  path
__label__controloptimizationautonomy has  resulted  in  slower  job  growth,  slower  improvements  in  wages  and  living  standards  for  the  average  citizen,  a  diminished  sense  of  economic  opportunity,  doubts  about  capitalism,  and  reduced  public  support  for  business.  the  era  of  smart,  connected  products  can  change  this  trajectory,  provided  that  companies  move  aggressively  to  embrace  the  opportunity.  business  and  government  together  will  need  to  equip  workers  across  all  groups  with  the  skills  to  participate,  and  agree  on  the  rules  and  regulations  needed  to  set  standards,  enable  innovation,  protect  data,  and  overcome  efforts  to  block  progress  such  as  auto  dealers  political  opposition  to  tesla.  the  united  states
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stands  to  lead  and  benefit  disproportionately  in  a  smart,  connected  products  world,  given  americas  strengths  in  the  core  underlying  technologies,  many  of  the  skills  required,  and  key  supporting  industries.  if  this  new  wave  of  technology  allows  the  u.s.  to  reinvigorate  its  capacity  as  a  technology  leader  in  the  global  economy,  it  will  breathe  new  life  into  the  american  dream  while  contributing  to  a  better  world.  harvard  business  review  is  a  university  professor  at  harvard,  based  at  harvard  business  school  in  boston.  is  the  president  and  ceo  of  ptc,  a  leading  maker  of  industrial  software.  subscribe
__label__controloptimizationautonomy integrating  diverse  business  systems  is  paramount  to  achieving  a  smarter,  more  optimized  and  energy  efficient  building.  with  our  building  wide  systems  integration  service,  johnson  controls  takes  a  holistic  view  of  the  buildings  systems,  then  designs  and  installs  technology  to  support  the  business  objectives  for  the  building,  delivering  better  outcomes  for  the  people  who  work  there.  with  our  technology  convergence  approach,  these  systems  can  be  managed  on  a  unified,  intelligent  infrastructure:  hvac,  building  automation,  security,  lighting,  information  technology  and  communications,  specialty,  and  more.  by  simplifying  and  optimizing,  we  enable  more  control  and  better  automation  so  the  building  can  operate  more  efficiently
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  chemical  manufacturing,  we  must  look  at  the  process  both  in  detail  and  holistically,  in  order  to  identify  inefficiencies.  by  analyzing  production  disturbances  through  the  use  of  ,  we  have  the  opportunity  to  reach  new  levels  of  chemical  process  control.  the  significance  of  the  term  production  disturbance  pd  varies  since  every  manufacturing  facility  has  a  unique  operational  structure,  raw  materials  supply,  machine  configuration,  and  production  environment.  for  the  sake  of  this  discussion,  a  production  disturbance  is  any  unintentional  event  in  the  chemical  production  process  that  leads  to  process  inefficiencies,  unplanned  stoppages,  rework,  or  scrap,  for  example:  its  important  that  pds
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  defined  specifically  on  the  basis  of  individual  machines,  processes,  and  manufacturing  environments.  for  many  years,  one  of  the  most  championed  best  practices  in  asset  maintenance  was  preventive  maintenance.  the  idea  of  preventive  maintenance  is  to  preempt  and  avoid  malfunction  or  production  disturbances  by  performing  scheduled  asset  maintenance  regularly.  it  has  since  been  discovered  that  preventive  maintenance  can  be  inefficient  in  a  number  of  ways,  leading  to:  these  cost  factors  are  part  of  what  has  led  manufacturers  to  industry  4.0,  and  more  specifically,  from  preventive  to  .  predictive  maintenance  is  without  a  doubt  a  game  changer.  its  a  muchwelcomed  improvement
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  previous  maintenance  strategies,  and  is  fast  gaining  recognition  as  the  new  best  practice  for  leading  maintenance  operations.  predictive  maintenance  is  focused  at  preventing  mechanical  failure  in  specific  assets.  however,  production  disturbances  are  not  necessarily  asset  failures.  in  fact,  disturbances  are  more  often  the  result  of  process  failures  such  as  irregular  cooling  in  a  tank  the  disturbing  factor  that  are  yielding  high  pressure  in  a  pump  the  disturbance,  for  example.  this  calls  for  a  broadscope  examination  of  the  chemical  production  process  and  its  production  parameters.  a  narrow  focus  on  individual  asset  behaviors  leaves  the  production  process  context  out  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy equation.  predictive  maintenance  is  not  a  onesizefitsall  solution.  not  accounting  for  the  context  of  the  process  will  lead  to  too  many  falsepositives  and  a  flood  of  alerts  that  dont  provide  insight  and  harm  the  credibility  of  the  system.  another  wellknown  methodology  for  is  by  closely  monitoring  oee.  oee  is  calculated  using  the  formula:  the  method  was  developed  by  seiichi  nakajima  in  the  1960s  as  a  means  to  maximize  availability,  performance,  and  quality  and  in  doing  so,  minimizing  production  disturbances.  oee  is  a  bottomup  approach  that  gives  operators  and  technicians  ownership  of  their  assigned  processes  with  the  goal  of  minimizing  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy :  the  downside  of  the  approach  is  that  for  complex  facilities  such  as  the  ones  in  chemical  processing,  this  formula  can  be  too  broad.  for  example,  the  formula  represents  each  of  the  components  equally.  this  can  be  countered  using  weighted  variables,  but  that  can  lead  to  overproduction  and  manipulations  to  the  formula  that  doesnt  necessarily  improve  production  throughput.  focusing  solely  on  deploying  predictive  maintenance  or  increasing  the  oee  percentage  can  lead  to  suboptimization.  the  impact  of  individual  subprocesses  on  the  performance  of  the  entire  system  needs  to  be  evaluated  at  depth.  this  leads  us  to  the  core  concept  behind  chemical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy process  control:  using  automated  root  cause  analysis  ,  predictive  analytics  ,  and  whatif  simulation  to  predict  and  prevent  process  disturbances  that  impact  production  throughput.  while  an  individual  pump,  motor,  or  filter  might  malfunction,  it  is  often  an  instability  in  the  chemical  production  process  a  process  disturbance  which  has  led  to  the  failure.  in  other  words,  the  process  disturbance  is  the  root  cause  for  asset  failure.  to  tackle  this  complex  problem,  we  need  to  account  for  relationships  between  production  parameters  across  all  stages  of  the  manufacturing  process.  using  ,  we  can  uncover  relationships  that  would  otherwise  be  impossible  to  detect:  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  machine  learning  algorithms  that  take  into  account  the  process,  we  get  focused  and  contextual  predictive  alerts.  this  is  a  huge  opportunity  for  chemical  process  optimization  since  data  is  relatively  well  collected  and  stored  in  this  sector  already.  leveraging  this  data  with  processbased  ai  means  being  able  to  pinpoint  the  root  cause  of  process  disturbances  with  extreme  accuracy,  and  predict  failures  before  they  have  the  chance  to  affect  production.  written  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  network  optimization  is  increasingly  gaining  relevance  due  to  the  expected  huge  increase  in  internet  of  thingsrelated  traffic  in  the  coming  years  as  billions  of  iot  devicesare  connected  to  global  networks.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  upon  us  and  it  is  already  transforming  the  entire  industrial  landscape  as  we  know  it.  with  heavy  use  of  emerging  technologies  such  as  iot,  ,  bigdata  analytics,  ,  augmented  reality,  robotics  and  cyberphysical  systems  cps  amongst  others,  industries  are  moving  towards  creating  a  more  collaborative  environment  that  facilitates  greater  exchange  of  data,  reduced  costs  and  increased  productivity,  also  known  as  industrial  iot  or  iiot.  manufacturing  industries  all  over  the  globe  are  the  leading  investors  in  iiot  making  use  of  industrial  sensors,  beacons,  advanced  rfid  tags,  instore  analysis,  and  connected  manufacturing  machines  even  robotics  to  collect  and  analyze  data  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy various  data  points  to  optimize  a  myriad  of  manufacturing  processes  and  operations  such  as  product  lifecycle  management  plm,  enterprise  resource  planning  erp.  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes,  and  supply  chain  management  scm.  and  of  all  the  business  that  chose  to  implement  iot  within  their  systems,  have  already  seen  a  healthy  return  on  their  investments.  so,  youd  think  with  a  return  that  good,  many  businesses  would  be  making  some  or  the  other  use  of  iot  for  better  management  of  their  operations.  thats  where  youre  wrong.  which  should  not  be  the  case.  with  a  return  that  good,  you  should  jump  on  the  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bandwagon  as  soon  as  you  can  and  make  use  of  this  impressive  technology  to  reach  the  full  potential  of  your  business  and  scale  it  to  new  heights.  proactive  asset  management  comprehensive  iot  solutions  can  help  organizations  keep  a  track  of  the  health,  location,  and  efficiency  of  all  their  assets.  assets  can  include  everything  from  handheld  devices,  raw  materials  to  large  industrial  equipment.  with  the  help  of  smart  sensors  that  convey  realtime  data  about  the  location,  performance  and  overall  condition  of  your  assets,  you  can  eradicate  downtime  by  implementing  predictive  maintenance  of  your  assets  in  critical  condition  and  save  yourself  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy huge  losses.  mining  industries,  for  example,  are  using  smart  sensors  in  their  mining  sites  to  keep  a  check  on  the  air  surrounding  the  area.  if  there  are  harmful  gases  present  in  the  air  of  a  mining  site,  smart  sensors  can  detect  that  and  convey  the  information  to  site  managers  so  that  they  can  halt  processes  and  protect  the  wellbeing  of  their  workers.  the  heavy  equipment  used  in  the  mining  sector  can  also  be  studded  with  many  iot  sensors  to  optimize  how  they  are  being  used  and  deployed  to  help  maximize  return  on  investment,  increase  efficiency  and  reduce  costs.  another  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy case  of  asset  tracking  and  management  with  the  help  of  iot  can  be  witnessed  in  the  maritime  shipping  industry.  iot  sensors  are  placed  on  ships  to  track  their  exact  location  throughout  their  journey.  and  on  a  more  granular  level,  each  container  carried  by  these  ships  are  also  iot  enabled  to  make  sure  the  containers  are  shipped  in  the  right  environmental  conditions  to  ensure  the  goods  inside  these  containers  are  not  harmed  in  any  way.  inventory  management  all  your  inventory  can  be  tracked  and  traced  globally  with  the  help  of  smart  iot  devices  on  a  granular  level.  executives  can  have  access
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  realtime  data  about  the  available  material,  workinprogress  and  estimated  arrival  time  of  new  materials.  ultimately,  this  helps  managers  manage  demand  and  optimize  supply  accordingly  and  reduce  shared  costs  in  the  value  chain.  perhaps,  the  biggest  example  of  a  company  using  iot  to  better  manage  its  inventory  is  amazon.  amazon  currently  manages  more  than  500  million  stock  keeping  units  skus  and  operates  more  than  490  fulfillment  centers  and  hubs  all  around  the  globe.  amazon  employees  used  to  manually  walkthrough  these  massive  fulfillment  centers  picking  their  products.  but  all  of  that  changed  when  amazon  kiva  systems  in  2012,  which  is  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy company  that  manufactures  iot  enabled  robots.  since  these  robots  have  all  the  data  about  where  a  specific  product  is  in  their  massive  inventory,  it  enables  them  to  do  all  the  legwork  with  unparalleled  efficiency  and  helps  them  cut  down  redundant  operational  costs.  by  making  use  of  these  kiva  robots  in  just  13  of  their  fulfillment  centers,  amazon  reportedly  saves  around  20  million  yearly  on  each  of  them.  which,  apparently  is  a  lot.  strict  quality  control  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  your  products  or  its  manufacturing  units,  you  can  collect  aggregated  product  data  and  other  vital  data  from  various  stages  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  product  cycle.  iot  sensors  can  detect  substandard  raw  materials  used  in  the  making  of  the  product,  transportation  impact  on  the  product,  wastes,  effects  of  environmental  factors  on  the  product.  by  keeping  the  deviations  in  check,  iot  systems  can  help  managers  keep  strict  quality  control  on  their  products  and  optimize  costs.  harley  davidson,  for  example,  amongst  a  myriad  of  iot  sensors  placed  in  the  manufacturing  units  of  their  plant  in  york,  pennsylvania,  has  placed  smart  iot  sensors  in  their  paint  booth  to  keep  a  check  on  its  heat  and  humidity  levels.  if  the  heat  and  humidity  level  of  their  paint
__label__controloptimizationautonomy booth  fluctuates  from  the  set  standard,  the  iot  sensors  automatically  detect  it  and  adjust  the  speed  of  fans  accordingly  to  make  sure  the  right  environmental  conditions  are  maintained  for  a  superior  paint  job  the  company  is  renowned  for.  product  packaging  optimization  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  the  packaging  of  the  product,  manufacturers  can  gain  insights  into  various  environmental  and  handling  effects  on  the  product  and  if  it  has  been  tampered  with  during  transit.  using  this  insight,  managers  can  decide  upon  if  the  packaging  needs  to  be  changed  for  the  product  in  order  to  make  sure  it  is  not  compromised  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy any  way  when  it  ultimately  reaches  to  the  customer.  or  if  the  product  or  its  packaging  needs  to  be  completely  reengineered  from  the  ground  up  for  attaining  better  performance,  saving  costs  or  to  provide  a  better  customer  experience  throughout  the  product  journey.  it  works  in  tandem  with  qr  codes  and  other  triggers  and  can  pull  up  images,  videos,  and  tutorials  about  any  relevant  information  that  can  help  the  customer  use  the  product  better.  using  these  labels,  realtime  coupons  and  discounts  as  well  which  is  great  for  delivering  great  customer  experiences.  other  than  that,  smarter  product  packaging  solutions  can  also  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy studded  with  tracking  logs  and  microchips  to  ensure  authenticity  and  many  big  companies  like  luis  vuitton,  mk,  chanel  and  levis  are  already  making  use  of  this  technology  to  fight  counterfeit  issues,  protect  their  customers  and  their  brands  reputation.  supply  chain  management  industrial  internet  of  things  provides  access  to  the  supply  chain  in  realtime  by  tracking  materials,  equipment  or  products  as  they  move  through  the  supply  chain.  by  connecting  plants  to  suppliers  using  iot,  all  the  concerned  parties  in  the  supply  chain  can  track  and  trace  dependencies,  material  flow  and  manufacturing  cycle  times  to  potentially  reduce  wait  times  and  fulfill  other
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capital  requirements.  with  the  help  of  smart  iot  devices,  reporting  of  the  entire  supplychain  helps  manufacturers  to  collect  and  feed  important  delivery  information  to  erp,  plm  and  other  vital  systems.  it  also  helps  manufacturers  to  figure  out  and  rectify  critical  issues  in  the  supply  chain  and  improve  its  efficiency  marginally.  vibhu  satpaul  is  the  cofounder  and  cxo  at  saffron  edge.  a  graduate  from  london  school  of  economics  in  information  systems  softwares,  vibhu  specializes  in  marketing  and  technology  solutions  that  helps  improve  efficiency  and  value  creation  for  businesses
__label__controloptimizationautonomy optimize  design  to  improve  product  performance  and  enduser  experience  conduct  advanced  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  reduce  operating  cost  and  extend  product  life  explore,  experiment,  create  and  refine  solutions  from  ideations  to  validation  monitor  and  track  every  step  of  processes  gain  more  control  over  devices  and  improve  customer  care  be  proactive  while  optimizing  performance,  security  and  availability  manage  devices  and  data  in  commercial  buildings  to  drive  additional  value  for  energy  and  facilities  management  improve  service,  trust,  and  ease  of  use  of  your  products  optimize  performance  of  both  industrial  equipment  and  consumer  devices  simplifies  digital  services  to  your  beverage  products  and  push
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  limit  of  fluid  delivery  optimize  operations,  enable  predictive  maintenance,  an  find  new  business  opportunities  seamlessly  connecting  users,  vehicles  and  services  to  deliver  an  extraordinary  experience  provides  improved  communication,  control,  and  data  distribution  transform  the  care  and  treatment  of  the  way  your  hospital  operates  securely  transform  your  business  by  connecting  and  streamlining  operations  tom  mills,  president  we  relied  heavily  on  altairs  features  to  deliver  a  defectfree,  highquality  product  on  time,  within  budget.  ral  gil  garca,  business  development  manager  altair  was  the  perfect  partner  to  launch  energy  smart  generation.  rafael  gil,  cio  we  selected  altair  because  in  just  3  months  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy were  able  to  deploy  a  complete  solution.  altairs  digital  twin  is  the  convergence  of  engineering  simulation,  machine  learning,  and  inservice  data  from  smart,  connected  products  through  an  endtoend  iot  infrastructure.  it  allows  exploration  of  design,  operation  decisions  and  drives  performance  optimization.  in  over  30  years,  altair  has  developed  a  deep  knowhow  for  enterprise  solutions  through  software  development  and  services  across  industries.  solution  designed  to  scale  from  ideation  to  optimization,  has  flexible  licensing,  and  is  supported  by  a  growing  global  partner  ecosystem.  architected  as  an  open  platform  that  can  adapt  and  complement  your  existing  technology  ecosystem.  research,  problem  solving  and  humancentered
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  technologies  to  design  and  optimize  high  performance,  efficient  and  innovative  products  access,  optimize  and  control  hpc  and  cloud  resources  enable,  connect,  and  manage  devices  and  optimize  business  performance  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  to  learn  about  product  training,  news,  events,  and  more  altair  and  our  resellers  need  the  contact  information  you  provide  to  us  to  contact  you  about  our  products  and  services.  you  may  unsubscribe  from  these  communications  at  anytime.  for  information  on  how  to  unsubscribe,  as  well  as  our  privacy  practices  and  commitment  to  protecting  your  privacy,  check  out  our
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predictions  about  the  internet  of  things  iot,  can  be  ,  and  ,  so  weve  compiled  50  tangible  applications  of  current  iot  technology  in  10  major  industries:  even  if  your  industry  isnt  mentioned  in  this  list,  here  are  those  applications  to  use  for  inspiration:  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  predicted  to  grow  to  and  .  increases  crop  yield  by  controlling  environmental  parameters  like  light,  temperature,  air  pressure,  and  humidity.  iot  helps  by  adding  remotecontrolled  sensors  and  actuators  that  allow  farmers  to  remotely  monitor  their  greenhouses  conditions  and  update  its  behavior.  when  combined  with  artificial  intelligence,  iot  technology  can  even  complete  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy necessary  tasks  itself  turn  on  lights,  control  a  heater,  open  a  window,  etc.  the  smart  greenhouse  market  alone  is  projected  to  grow  to  and  .  for  farmers,  iot  greenhouses  will:  if  youre  looking  for  a  smart  greenhouse,  look  no  further:  drones  are  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  that  can  access  the  airspace  above  growing  fields  with  an  ease  previously  impossible  or  prohibitively  expensive.  these  can  help  farmers  monitor  fields  by  and  like  seeds,  water,  and  crop  sprays.  aerial  pictures  not  apparent  at  eye  level,  such  as  soil  variation,  irrigation  issues,  and  even  pest/fungal  infestations.  these  images  ,  which  can  show  valuable  information
__label__controloptimizationautonomy invisible  to  the  naked  eye.  this  data  can  provide  on  plant  health,  plant  height,  plant  counting,  and  yield  prediction.  additionally,  a  drones  results  are  ,  so  a  grower  can  get  actionable,  fieldlevel  sameday  information,  an  impressive  level  of  immediacy  and  convenience  for  the  industry.  drones  have  also  been  known  to  via  systems  that  reduce  planting  costs  and  precision  spraying  drones  that  .  compared  to  most  farm  equipment,  drones  are  extremely  affordable,  often  paying  for  themselves  or  even  .  iot  precision  agriculture  makes  farming  through  increasingly  precise  .  these  include  monitors  for  weather,  soil,  air  quality,  temperature,  precipitation,  crop  maturity,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy animal  health  as  well  as  actuators  for  ,  which  lets  a  farmer  control  the  amount  of  input  they  apply  in  each  specific  location.  the  precision  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  reach  throughiot  applications  that:  use  internetconnected  machines  to  replace  human  labor  during  crop  growing  and  harvesting.  these  machines  use  iotcoordinated  and  to  complete  tasks  that  previously  required  human  labor.  robots  are  typically  ,  leading  to  significant  time  savings  and  .  they  can  also  and  help  to  ease  the  nations  current  that  are  .  iot  allows  farmers  to  that  tracklocation,  well  being,  and  even  animal  health.  the  farmer  can  then  monitor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  herd  in  realtime  and  receive  alerts  for  important  situations.  smart  livestock  implementations  have  been  shown  to:  in  general,  iot  improves  the  livestock  farming  experience  at  every  step  along  the  way:  with  already  having  an  allocated  budget  for  iot,  the  smart  retail  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  include  iot  sensors  built  into  retail  shelves.  these  sensors  can  gather  data  from  tags  on  items  or  their  packaging  and  communicate  it  to  the  store  or  directly  to  shoppers.  smart  shelves  have  been  shown  to:  ,  stores  are  now  able  to  upgrade  from  the  standard  cashierscanningbarcode  method  of  checkout.  iotenabled  automated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy checkout  systems  pair  video  cameras  with  computer  vision  and  ai  to  associate  shoppers  with  items,  while  embed  in  product  packaging.  automated  checkout  can  reduce  cashier  staff  requirements  ,  resulting  in  annual  savings  of  150b  billion.  in  addition  to  the  cost  savings,  can  avoid  human  error  and  even  prevent  shrinkage:  while  a  thief  may  be  able  to  fool  store  personnel  by  hiding  an  item  under  their  shirt,  iot  checkout  systems  are  .  robotics  specializes  in  replacing  repetitive  tasks,  a  categorization  that  applies  to  .  by  connecting  these  robots  to  other  iot  devices  and  the  internet,  retail  establishments  can  train  machines  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy join  the  workforce.  smart  robot  employees  have  been  used  to:  a  is  the  system  of  coordinating  goods  from  initial  manufacturing  all  the  way  to  retail  sale.  by  adding  to  track  traits  like  location,  physical  orientation,  and  damage,  retailers  can  have  increased  confidence  theyll  have  the  right  items  in  the  right  condition  at  the  right  time.  can  lower  delivery  ,  increase  confidence  in  manufacturing  quality,  and  even  perform  automatic  reordering.  iot  technology  can  improve  supply  chain  practices  at  every  single  step  along  the  way:  through  personalized  messages,  item  monitoring,  and  computer  vision,  retailers  can  use  iot  to  better  .  for  example,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  bluetoothpowered  location  proximity  sensor  called  a  allows  stores  to  communicate  with  specific  customers  in  a  targeted  location.  according  to  ,  over  85  of  retailers  who  have  implemented  iot  have  seen  improved  insights  into  customer  preferences,  so  its  no  wonder  that  are  expected  to  implement  iot  devices  to  enhance  customer  experience  by  2021.  these  enhancements  could  come  in  the  form  of:  these  strategies  seem  to  work:  say  beacontriggered  content  increased  their  likelihood  to  purchase  instore.  industrial  iot  is  expected  to  grow  to  ,  and  is  impressive  enough  to  have  received  its  own  categorizing  acronym,  the  iiot.  iot  by  attaching  sensors
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  report  back  on  the  items  status  and  location,  allowing  for  improvements  to  the  companys  processes.  a  is  typically  comprised  of  the  following  four  steps:  asset  utilization  is  expected  to  over  the  next  ten  years.  why?  better  asset  tracking  can:  through  iot  sensors  and  ai,  that  previouslyrequired  human  intervention.  industrial  manufacturers  are  increasingly  relying  on  automated  iot  components  to  improve  efficiency  and  reduce  costs.  these  automated  components  can  also  collect  objective  performance  data  and  ,  allowing  for  further  optimization  of  the  manufacturing  process.  additionally,  because  the  communication  between  multiple  iot  devices  is  much  faster  than  that  between  humans,  industrial  automation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy systems  can  ,  eliminate  steps,  and  even  create  new  .  because  the  iotenabled  industrial  automation  market  is  so  large,  many  companies  have  set  out  to  tackle  it,  including:  through  iots  ,  an  organization  can  better  understand  its  energy  habits  and  perform  tactical  alterations  to  systems  like  lighting,  room  equipment,  or  heating,  ventilation,  and  airconditioning  .  by  2020,  smart  energy  management  is  predicted  to  account  for  ,  ,  and  .  for  companies,  the  clearest  benefit  of  smart  energy  management  comes  in  the  form  of  reduced  utility  bills:  by  one  estimation,  iot  can  save  a  whopping  .  aims  to  fix  machines  just
__label__controloptimizationautonomy before  a  failure.  compare  it  with  ,  whichresponds  to  breakages,  and  ,  whichfollows  a  regular  maintenance  schedule.  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  systems  typically  use  :  ibms  mary  bunzel  believes  that  of  every  dollar  spent  on  preventative  maintenance  is  wasted.  while  this  number  sounds  high,  it  does  align  with  the  data  that  only  18  of  equipment  failures  ,  while  82  of  failures  occur  randomly  as  that  suggests  a  severe  flaw  in  timebased  maintenance  strategies.  according  to  the  ,  predictive  maintenance  would  reduce  maintenance  costs,  breakdowns,  and  downtime  for  oil  gas  companies  by  30,  70,  and  40,  respectively.  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  technology  can:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  industrial  supply  chain  is  a  network  stretching  all  the  way  back  from  customers,  through  retailers  to  distribution  centers,  warehouses,  factories,  and  suppliers.  many  of  these  communication  steps  are  heavily  dependent  on  email  and  phone  communication  between  people,  and  could  be  made  .  supply  chain  inefficiencies  annually  cost  businesses  in  the  uk  alone,  with  cisco  estimating  iot  supply  chain  applications  to  be  worth  iot  provides  firms  with  clearer  visibility  on  the  movement  of  their  goods,  even  down  to  the  precise  location  at  each  second,  allowing  companies  to:  through  iot,  many  currently  invisible  assets  in  the  supply  chain  become  visible,  :
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  smart  infrastructure  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  and  includes  iotenabled  connects  iot  sensors  at  each  parking  space  with  a  cloudbased  server  that  provides  individuals  with  realtime  information  about  the  location  of  available  parking  spaces.  in  addition  to  an  improved  user  experience,  :  for  these  reasons  and  more,  its  being  recommended  by  the  north  america  .  systems  apply  iot  sensors  to  gather  data  about  traffic  patterns  and  can  even  change  conditions  in  real  time,  such  as  by  altering  traffic  signals  to  divert  vehicles  to  lessused  routes.  in  2016,  traffic  congestion  cost  u.s.  drivers  in  wasted  time  and  fuel.  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy addition  to  the  economic  and  emotional  improvements  of  improving  traffic  flow,  smart  traffic  management  systems  can  also  reach  their  destination  faster.  a  power  grid  is  the  network  of  electrical  lines,  substations,  and  more  that  deliver  electricity  to  homes  and  businesses.  an  iot  power  grid,  known  as  the  adds  internet  connectivity  to  the  power  grid,  allowing  for  remote  monitoring  and  control  of  the  entire  electrical  system.  :  utility  companies  are  already  seeing  the  benefits,  with  already  using  the  iot  for  outage  management  and  a  further  24  planning  to  use  it  in  the  next  three  years.  most  noniot  waste  collection  companies  service
__label__controloptimizationautonomy containers  on  a  fixed  schedule,  which  is  inevitably  inefficient  because  some  bins  are  still  nearly  empty  while  others  are  overflowing.  instead,  can  track  waste  levels  and  composition  through  bin  sensors  to  ensure  the  garbage  company  services  them  only  when  needed.  they  can  also  improve  route  optimization  and  analytics  through  technology  like  on  binsand  trucks.  the  smart  wastemarket  is  expected  to  grow  to  thanks  to  :  can  granularly  monitor  various  metrics  such  as  pressure,  temperature,  water  level,  and  flow  across  all  steps  of  the  water  systemfrom  sourcing  to  reclamationproviding  realtime  information  as  well  as  remote  control.  smart  water  management  solutions  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy save  utility  companies  annually,  and  cities  of  their  total  water  cost.  the  adoption  of  smart  meter  devices  is  therefore  growing,  with  the  total  market  expected  to  grow  to  .  specifically,  iot  can  through:  the  market  for  smart  buildings  is  expected  to  grow  to  through  sensors  that  monitor  the  presence  of  harmful  pollutants  or  organic  compounds,  then  alter  the  behavior  of  other  internetconnected  systems,  such  as  turning  off  a  buildings  hvac  system  or  switching  on  a  uv  air  purifier.  this  is  an  example  of  how  a  smart  air  quality  system  could  be  structured:  workers  are  when  they  work  from  buildings  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy good  indoor  environmental  quality,  so  its  no  wonder  the  global  indoor  air  quality  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  :  contrariwise,  :  use  internetconnected  sensors  to  detect  equipment  failure  or  degradation  and  make  realtime  changes  from  any  part  of  the  world.  the  international  energy  association  estimates  that  buildings  account  for  even  ,  and  20  of  energyrelated  greenhouse  gas  emissions.  iot  energy  management  programs  can  save  of  energy  in  midsized  buildings,  providing  a  returnoninvestment  in  as  little  as  six  months.  upgrading  from  the  utility  billandspreadsheet  method  of  improving  a  buildings  energy  efficiency,  :  broken  down  by  type  of  building,  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  can  decrease  energy  use  by:  iot  buildings  like  lighting,  humidity,  and  temperature,  even  allowing  individuals  to  improve  them  in  real  time  from  a  mobile  device.  a  proper  office  temperature  and  .  lighting  can  too,  and  can  be  improved  by  like  and  .  iot  security  systems  have  come  a  long  way  from  their  predecessor  .  now,  can  coordinate  multiple  elementscameras,  microphones,  door  locks,  facial  recognition  sensors,  even  allowing  all  internetconnected  aspects  of  a  buildings  security  system  to  be  monitored  and  adjusted  remotely.  iot  :  iot  security  systems  are  also  ,  so  theyre  generally  quick  and  easy  to  install  out  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  box.  predictive  maintenance  amalgamates  information  from  iot  sensors  to  understand  the  state  of  a  building  and  its  equipment,  then  predict  the  proper  time  to  perform  preemptive  maintenance.  an  iot  predictive  maintenance  system  is  :  iotbased  predictive  maintenance  can  improve  equipment  effectiveness  and  reduce  maintenance  costs  by  up  to  13.  elevators  are  of  the  power  of  iot  for  predictive  maintenance.  an  iot  elevator  may  track  any  number  of  metrics,  :  by  monitoring  these  elements,  along  with  changes  in  operating  conditions  such  as  friction,  noise,  and  heat,  the  elevator  can  automatically  predict  when  it  needs  maintenance,  thereby  increasing  product  reliability,  expediting
__label__controloptimizationautonomy diagnosis,  and  avoiding  downtime.  the  wearable  smart  electronics  industry  has  already  ,  with  saying  they  feel  naked  when  not  wearing  their  device.  iot  wearables  for  pets  are  typically  equipped  with  a  gps  tracker  and  biometric  sensors  that  log  location  and  behavioral  data  of  fourlegged  friends.  while  most  animal  wearables  to  provide  their  owners  with  peace  of  mind,  also  track  other  elements,  such  as  their  diet  or  emotional  state,  which  can  be  later  used  to  alter  animal  care.  by  sensing  and  relaying  information  to  someone  who  would  have  been  otherwise  unable  to  receive  it.  as  assistive  technology  improves,  its  data  requirements
__label__controloptimizationautonomy increase.  by  connecting  an  assistive  technology  to  the  internet,  device  manufacturers  can  take  advantage  of  increased  data  storage  and  cloudbased  processing  speed,  therefore  finding  themselves  less  limited  in  the  technologies  they  create.  wearable  technology  can  monitor  human  biometrics,  tracking  a  large  amount  of  information  for  both  individuals  and  whole  populations.  already,  track  step  count,  cadence,  and  speed,  with  many  tackling  like  skin  temperature,  and  .  while  most  iot  wearables  like  the  and  are  ,  they  still  provide  valuable,  actionable  information  on  health,  and  even  .  iot  wearables  designed  with  healthcare  in  mind  ,  both  for  individual  health  and  populationwide  understanding
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  disease.  bodymounted  iot  sensors  have  through  their  ability  to  measure  movement  in  real  athletic  situations.  they  can  monitor  all  sorts  of  data,  like  ,  speed,  and  vital  signs  which  can  be  later  used  to  improve  future  training.  additionally,  many  of  these  technologies  are  seeping  down  from  the  pro  level  .  the  market  for  sports  wearables  is  estimated  to  reach  .  wearables  have  been  ,  ,  ,and  to  golfers.  it  might  be  shorter  to  list  the  facets  that  they  havent  been  improving.  by  connecting  a  person  to  all  their  internetconnected  devices,  wearables  allow  their  users  to  .  as  analyst  jeff
__label__controloptimizationautonomy kagan  ,  the  smartwatch  will  be  your  remote  control  for  your  smartphone.  and  your  smartphone  will  be  your  remote  control  for  your  life.  the  clearest  example  of  a  benefit  is  that  of  convenience:  imagine  using  a  smartwatch  to  or  .  the  compendium  of  implementations  is  wideranging  in  essence,  youll  be  able  to  control  anything  with  an  internet  connection  from  the  wearables  on  your  body.  the  market  for  internetconnected  vehicle  technology  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  as  cars  are  increasingly  connected  to  the  internet,  theyre  to  accelerate,  brake,  and  steer  with  little  or  no  driver  input.  these  autonomous  vehicles  typically
__label__controloptimizationautonomy employ  the  following  :  vehicle  automation  into  :  autonomous  vehicles  are  expected  to  provide:  many  car  companies  are  investing  in  the  autonomous  vehicle  market:  noncar  related  technology  companies  have  shown  interest  as  well,  with  googles  autonomous  car  company  on  the  verge  of  .  uses  physical  and  behavioral  characteristics  to  recognize  specific  people  and  their  behaviors.  these  :  for  cars,  iot  :  is  the  incar  hardware  and  software  that  provides  an  improved  journey  to  its  passengers  through  navigation  and  diagnostics  as  well  as  entertainment.  the  invehicle  infotainment  market  is  expected  to  reach  ,  driven  by  and  an  .  infotainment  systems  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy save  their  users  time  and  effort,  syncing  with  a  drivers  calendar  and  traffic  conditions  to  automatically  calculate  the  time  and  route  to  their  next  meeting.  additionally,  while  current  car  entertainment  is  typically  radio  or  bluetoothbased,  autonomous  vehicles  free  up  the  drivers  attention,  allowing  them  to  watch  movies  instead  of  watching  the  road.  iot  can  dramatically  increase  the  number  of  sensors  in  a  vehicle,  improving  its  owners  ability  to  keep  it  running  smoothly.  this  sort  of  iot  predictive  maintenance  for  vehicles  typically  :  the  effects  of  predictive  maintenance:  source  1:  source  2:  source  3:  for  automotive  iot  applications,  :  these  improvements
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  sum  to  impressively  large  numbers.  vehicle  downtime  in  the  trucking  industry,  for  instance,  can  cost  .  automotive  while  iot  sensors  can  be  applied  to  many  different  elements  of  a  car,  lets  take  the  battery  as  an  example.  heres  how  an  iot  predictive  maintenance  system  could  work  for  a  car  battery:  allows  vehicles  to  share  their  sensors  with  the  vehicles  around  them,  thereby  developing  a  more  detailed  and  accurate  mapping  of  the  world.  v2v  technologys  main  aims  are  .  enhanced  v2v  communication  is  predicted  to  address  approximately  which  accounted  for  .  on  the  traffic  side,  costs  5.5  billion  hours  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 121b  in  fuel  costs  and  delays.simple  v2v  technology  can  easily  fix  many  congestion  issues  ,  and  would  reduce  congestion  in  the  orange  county  area  of  californias  interstate  5  .  in  the  future,  more  complicated  ,  such  as  relaying  information  to  traffic  lights  and  speed  limit  signs,  could  further  improve  traffic.  the  smart  transportation  market  is  expected  to  reach  .  is  the  coordination  between  large  numbers  of  vehicles,  a  practice  typically  performed  through  cumbersome  logistics,  but  which  could  become  much  more  seamless  and  automated  through  iot  devices.  by  adding  rfid  systems,  mobile  scanners,  and  computers,  for  instance,  fleet  management  systems  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy knowthe  and  of  the  different  vehicles  in  their  fleet.  :  iots  improvements  to  trains  come  in  four  areas:  for  smart  trains,  :  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  called  drones,  typically  in  the  form  of  ,  have  recently  taken  off  in  popularity.  through  internetconnected  cameras  and  remote  piloting,  as  well  as  recent  ,  they  are  gaining  the  increased  ability  to  .  the  drone  delivery  and  logistics  market  is  expected  to  balloon  to  .  its  often  and  is  forecasted  to  have  ,  consuming  .  through  improved  monitoring  and  communication,  iot  is  dramatically  improving  coordination  both  within  transit  systems  and  between  the  systems  and  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy customers.  :  while  waiting  for  a  public  transit  vehicle  was  previously  a  guessing  game,  iot  makes  accurate,  realtime  information  ,  even  allowing  rerouting  in  case  of  issues.  this  also  allows  for  additional  data  to  be  gathered,  which  can  be  beneficial  for  ,  ,  and  predictive  analytics.  by  adding  internetconnected  sensors,  iot  allows  individuals  to  monitor  the  status  of  vehicles  with  a  greater  granularity  on  timing  and  an  increased  macro  understanding  of  how  to  fit  transportation  decisions  into  strategic  goals.  monitoring  devices  typically  use  forvehicles  and  the  assets  they  carry,  along  with  syncing  to  additional  context  like  weather  conditions  and  traffic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy congestion.  for  business  transportation  applications,  endtoend  visibility  facilitates  effective,  timely  decisionsthat  can  be  .  for  consumer  applications,  this  visibility  by  factoring  in  aspects  of  a  vehicles  context,  from  the  delay  of  a  bus  to  local  traffic  congestion  and  weather.  the  smart  home  market  is  expected  to  reach  .  through  a  combination  of  horticultural  sensors  and  data  analytics  paired  with  machine  learning,  iot  can  monitor  plants,  make  insights  and  suggestions,  and  even  implement  them  without  user  input.  the  american  home  gardening  industry  is  worth  an  impressive  .  iot  applications  include:  through  embedded  sensors  and  internetconnected  apps  often  paired  with  voice  commands,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  products  can  and  even  add  .  while  most  increases  convenience  or  entertainment,  are  targeted  at  improving  health  and  hygiene.  iot  adds  sensors  and  connectivity  to  kitchen  devices,  increasing  communication  both  between  kitchen  devices  and  the  abilities  of  the  internet.  :  the  implementations  are  wideranging,  best  explained  by  examples:  as  sensors  ,  homes  are  accordingly  increasing  their  level  of  automation,  leading  to  :  home  automation  iot  technology  can  touch  on  every  aspect  of  home  life,  from  increased  and  to  ,  ,  and  .  even  many  nonobvious  areas  like  and  benefit  from  becoming  iot.  by  connecting  safety  security  systems  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet,  homeowners  can  monitor  their  homes  status  from  anywhere.  these  applications  typically  include  internetconnected  ,  ,  and  ,  but  can  also  tack  on  more  nuanced  applications  like  and  .  at  ,  home  security  systems  are  currently  the  most  financially  successful  iot  applications.  they  allow  homeowners  to  ,  and  can  even  .  safety.com  has  written  a  review  of  the  that  incorporate  different  smart  home  applications  from  popular  security  companies.  healthcare  iotis  expected  to  grow  to  .  through  remote  sensors,  iot  can  help  provide  ,  including  biometrics  like  weight,  heart  rate,  electrocardiogram,  blood  sugar  levels,  blood  pressure,  and  blood  oxygen  levels,  allowing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  health  improvements  even  in  locations  that  lack  sufficient  medical  specialists  or  facilities.  smart  remote  patient  monitoring  is  expected  to  reach  a  market  size  of  .  the  :  is  the  process  of  delivering  medical  care  from  a  distance,  such  as  through  a  textbased  portal  or  a  phone/video  call.  when  combined  with  remote  patient  monitoring,  iot  medical  sensors  can  connect  patient  data  to  the  internet  and  doctors  to  their  patients,  allowing  for  diagnoses  and  medical  treatment  from  a  distance.  benefits  of  iotenabled  telemedicine  include:  for  these  reasons  and  more,  telehealth  is  becoming  and  by  employersponsored  health  plans.  through  greater  medication  monitoring
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  adherence  data,  iot  can  save  some  of  the  and  help  to  prevent  some  of  the  caused  by  improper  patient  adherence.  iots  applications  to  drug  management  typically  come  through  sensors  on  medication  packages/bottles  that  prompt  patients  to  take  their  medication  and/or  automatically  transmit  adherence  data  to  doctors.  half  of  patients  in  longterm  treatment  ,  with  that  patient  adherence  improves  by  20  if  they  know  their  habits  are  being  tracked.  additionally,  smart  drug  management  can  provide  a  clearer,  more  accurate  picture  of  individual  health  than  ,  which  can  aid  doctors  in  providing  proper  medical  advice.  iots  can  help  patients  manage  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy chronic  diseases  and  report  back  reliable  information  to  their  doctors.  perhaps  because  chronically  ill  patients  ,  these  iot  solutions  typically  come  in  the  form  of  automatic  monitoring  or  management  that  removes  the  need  for  a  patient  to  take  action.  with  over  half  of  americans  living  with  a  chronic  condition  and  going  to  the  treatment  of  chronic  diseases,  the  value  of  iotenabled  remote  monitoring  for  patients  with  chronic  diseases  could  amount  to  .  hospital  asset  management  involves  ,  including  supplies,  infrastructure,  medical  equipment,  and  even  physicians,  staff,  and  patients.  through  iot  monitoring  devices  like  rfid  tags,  the  hospital  can  more  precisely
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  reliably  know  the  location  and  status  of  these  valuable  assets.  iot  in  hospital  asset  management  is  expected  to  provide  .  these  savings  come  from:  additionally,  can  help  locate  staff,  ensuring  proper  personnel  presence  during  emergencies.  an  example  of  an  iotenabled  hospital  ecosystem:  in  brazil  has  to  identify  and  locate  equipment  in  its  intensive  care  unit,  including  electrocardiograph  machines,  infusion  pumps,  and  cardiac  monitors.  the  system  has  streamlined  audits  and  prevented  thefts  while  reducing  operating  costs.  as  the  hospitals  superintendent  :  iot  technologies,  when  well  applied,  are  a  great  support.  .  services  resources  company  legal
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  category  abstract:were  entering  a  new  era  of  computing  technology  that  many  are  calling  the  internet  of  things  iot.  machine  to  machine,  machine  to  infrastructure,  machine  to  environment,  the  internet  of  everything,  the  internet  of  intelligent  things,  intelligent  systemscall  it  what  you  want,  but  its  happening,  and  its  potential  is  huge.  we  see  the  iot  as  billions  of  smart,  connected  things  a  sort  of  universal  global  neural  network  in  the  cloud  that  will  encompass  every  aspect  of  our  lives,  and  its  foundation  is  the  intelligence  that  embedded  processing  provides.  the  iot  is  comprised  of  smart  machines  interacting  and  communicating  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy other  machines,  objects,  environments  and  infrastructures.  as  a  result,  huge  volumes  of  data  are  being  generated,  and  that  data  is  being  processed  into  useful  actions  that  can  command  and  control  things  to  make  our  lives  much  easier  and  safer  and  to  reduce  our  impact  on  the  environment.  the  creativity  of  this  new  era  is  boundless,  with  amazing  potential  to  improve  our  lives.  what  does  the  iot  need  to  become  a  reality?  in  this  white  paper,  freescale  and  arm  partner  to  answer  that  question.  depending  on  who  you  talk  to,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  defined  in  different  ways,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy itencompasses  many  aspects  of  life  from  connected  homes  and  cities  to  connected  cars  androads  yes,  roads  to  devices  that  track  an  individuals  behavior  and  use  the  data  collected  forpush  services.  some  mention  one  trillion  internetconnected  devices  by  2025  and  definemobile  phones  as  the  eyes  and  ears  of  the  applications  connecting  all  of  those  connectedthings.  depending  on  the  context,  others  give  examples  that  are  less  phonecentric,  speakof  a  class  of  devices  that  do  not  exist  today  or  point  to  googles  augmentedreality  smartglasses  as  an  indication  of  things  to  come.  everyone,  however,  thinks  of  the  iot  as  billions  of  connections  a  sort
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  universal  globalneural  network  in  the  cloud  that  will  encompass  every  aspect  of  our  lives.  all  of  thispublic  discussion  suggests  the  iot  is  finally  becoming  a  hot  topic  within  the  mainstreammedia.  many  recent  articles  point  to  the  iot  as  the  interaction  and  exchange  of  data  lotsof  it  between  machines  and  objects,  and  now  there  are  product  definitions  reflecting  thesame  concept.  hence,  from  a  technology  perspective,  the  iot  is  being  defined  as  smartmachines  interacting  and  communicating  with  other  machines,  objects,  environments  andinfrastructures,  resulting  in  volumes  of  data  generated  and  processing  of  that  data  intouseful  actions  that  can  command  and  control  things
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  make  life  much  easier  for  humanbeings  ...  similar  to  the  world  envisioned  in  the  1970s  cartoonthe  jetsons,  only  better.  estimates  of  the  future  market  size  of  the  iot  cover  a  broad  range,  but  most  pundits  agree  itwill  dwarf  any  other  market.  in  mature  markets  today,  the  ultimate,  pervasive  consumer  deviceis  a  mobile  phone.  consider  your  own  household,  and  count  the  number  of  mobile  phonesyou  currently  have.  then  count  the  number  of  windows,  doors,  electrical  outlets,  lights,appliances  and  heating  and  ac  units  you  have.  youll  quickly  see  why  the  iot  market  willsurpass  the  mobile  phone  market,  at  least  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy western  world.  a  quick  internet  search  highlighted  the  following  example  use  cases/applications  underconsideration:  the  iot:  different  services,  technologies,  meanings  for  everyone  do  an  iotrelated  web  search,  and  youll  quickly  notice  the  overuse  of  the  term  smart.so,  what  does  it  really  mean  when  something  is  smart,  and  what  makes  an  object  smart?for  example,  how  would  a  refrigerator  or  a  toaster  oven  that  hasnt  been  considered  smartbecome  a  smart  appliance?  today,  we  are  seeing  the  electrification  of  the  world  around  us.  almost  any  manufacturedgood  now  includes  an  embedded  processor  typically  a  microcontroller,  or  mcu,  along  withuser  interfaces,  that  can  add  programmability  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deterministic  command  and  controlfunctionality.  the  electrification  of  the  world  and  the  pervasiveness  of  embedded  processingare  the  keys  to  making  objects  smart.  your  old  toaster  that  mechanically  controlled  the  color  of  your  toast  now  has  an  mcuin  it,  and  the  mcu  controls  the  color  of  your  toast.  the  toaster  completes  its  task  moreconsistently  and  reliably,  and  because  it  is  now  a  smart  toaster,  it  has  the  ability  tocommunicate  with  you  electronically  using  its  touchpad  or  switches.  after  a  device  becomes  smart  through  the  integration  of  embedded  processing,  the  nextlogical  step  is  remote  communication  with  the  smart  device  to  help  make  life
__label__controloptimizationautonomy easier.  forexample,  if  i  am  running  late  at  the  office,  can  i  turn  on  my  house  lights  for  security  reasonsusing  my  laptop  or  mobile  phone?  communication  capability  and  remote  manual  control  lead  to  the  next  step  ...  how  do  iautomate  things  and,  based  on  my  settings  and  with  sophisticated  cloudbased  processing,make  things  happen  without  my  intervention?  thats  the  ultimate  goal  of  some  iotapplications.  and,  for  those  applications  to  connect  with  and  leverage  the  internet  to  achievethis  goal,  they  must  first  become  smart  incorporate  an  mcu/embedded  processor  withan  associated  unique  id  then  connected  and,  finally,  controlled.  those  capabilities  can  thenenable  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy new  class  of  services  that  makes  life  easier  for  their  users.  for  the  network,  sophisticated  cloudbased  processing  requires  a  new  generation  ofcommunications  processors  that  can  keep  track  of  all  of  those  connected  devices,communicate  with  them  and  translate  their  functionality  into  useful  services  ...  all  with  nonlinear  improvement  to  their  performance  and  efficiency.  the  challenge  will  be  to  build  securenetworks  that  keep  up  with  demand,  while  simultaneously  reducing  energy  consumption  andcost  of  equipment.  this  will  require  all  kinds  of  innovations,  well  beyond  the  improvementsmoores  law  can  deliver.  lets  look  at  some  categories  for  iotrelated  applications.  while  there  are  literally  hundreds  ofapplications
__label__controloptimizationautonomy being  considered  and  identified  by  different  industries,  they  can  be  categorized  ina  simple,  logical  way.  category  one  encompasses  the  idea  of  millions  of  heterogeneous  aware  and  interconnecteddevices  with  unique  ids  interacting  with  other  machines/objects,  infrastructure,  and  thephysical  environment.  in  this  category,  the  iot  largely  plays  a  remote  track,  command,  controland  route  tccr  role.  as  with  all  aspects  of  the  iot,  safety  and  security  are  paramount.these  applications  are  not  about  data  mining  of  peoples  behaviors  along  the  lines  of  bigbrother  watching  but  rather  they  extend  the  automation  and  machinetomachine  m2m,machinetoinfrastructure  m2i  and  machinetonature  m2n  communications  that  can  helpsimplify  peoples  lives.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy second  category  is  all  about  leveraging  the  data  that  gets  collected  by  the  end  nodessmart  devices  with  sensing  and  connectivity  capability  and  data  mining  for  trends  andbehaviors  that  can  generate  useful  marketing  information  to  create  additional  commerce.  credit  card  companies  and  membership  shopping  clubs  already  track  and  use  peoplesbehavior,  to  an  extent,  to  come  up  with  offers  that  may  promote  incremental  sales.  now,  thequestion  is  how  far  will  this  data  mining  go?  use  cases  could  include  a  store  tracking  whichaisles  you  visited,  where  you  spent  the  most  time  within  those  aisles  and  even  what  type  ofitems  you  lifted  and  browsed.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  scenario  is  easily  possible  using  a  mobile  phones  gpscapability,  rfid  and  smart  tags  in  stores  and  wireless  tags.  the  result  could  be  as  simple  asproviding  email  offers  or  push  services  at  the  point  of  sale.  or,  it  could  go  further,  with  your  carinsurance  company  tracking  your  driving  habits  and  places  traveled  to  assign  risk  factors  thathelp  determine  your  monthly  premium,  for  example.  you  can  see  how  this  category  can  becomea  slippery  slope  and  how  the  iot  can  enable  data  collection  in  every  aspect  of  ones  everydaylife  and  assign  a  category  to  a  person  ...  with  pleasant  or  unpleasant  consequences.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy when  others  become  aware  of  the  context  associated  with  an  entity,  a  person  or  a  grouphence,  knowing  identity,  location,  activity  and  time,  to  what  extent  can  that  data  be  used,and  to  what  extent  should  the  entity,  person  or  group  have  a  say  in  how  that  data  gets  used?this  second  category,  especially,  spurs  discussions  about  privacy,  security,  governance  andthe  social  responsibility  that  comes  along  with  such  a  selfaware,  connected  world.  this  paper  is  focused  on  category  onespecifically,  the  technologies  and  devices  required  toenable  the  iot  for  tccr  purposes.  when  devices  can  sense  and  communicate  via  the  internet,  they  can  go  beyond
__label__controloptimizationautonomy localembedded  processing  to  access  and  take  advantage  of  remote  supercomputing  nodes.this  allows  a  device  to  run  more  sophisticated  analyses,  make  complex  decisions  andrespond  to  local  needs  quickly,  often  with  no  human  intervention  required.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  most  common  use  cases  for  the  iot.  this  refers  to  remote  tracking/monitoring  and,  if  needed,  command,  control  and  routingfunctions  for  tasks  and  processes  today  usually  done  manually,  or,  if  done  remotely,  thatrequire  additional  infrastructure.  for  example,  in  most  homes  today,  its  a  manual  processto  turn  on  and  off  certain  lights,  set  temperature  zones  and  turn  on  and  off  a  washingmachine.  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  future,  doors,  windows,  electrical  outlets,  appliances  and  many  other  typesof  standalone  equipment  will  become  smart  with  a  unique  id.  those  smart  devices  canthen  be  connected  via  wired  or  wireless  communication,  allowing  a  user  to  monitor  his  or  herhouse  remotely,  change  settings  on  a  refrigerator  or  washing  machine  and  control  householdtasks  through  a  laptop  or  mobile  phone.  in  fact,  there  are  some  services  offered  today  bysecurity  or  internet  service  providers  to  do  exactly  that,  but  on  a  much  smaller  scale  and  withfewer  capabilities  than  we  expect  to  see  in  the  future.  remote  patient  monitoring  an  extension  of  these  kinds  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services  is  asset  tracking,  which  today  is  done  via  barcode  and  avariety  of  manual  steps,  but  in  the  future  will  leverage  smart  tags,  nearfield  communication  nfcand  rfid  to  globally  track  all  kinds  of  objects,  interactively.  the  word  geotagged  is  now  beingused  by  some  companies  to  refer  to  this  class  of  applications.  in  a  future  scenario,  a  user  wouldbe  able  to  use  google  earth  to  track  anything  with  an  rfid  tag.  alternatively,  your  refrigeratorcould  keep  track  of  your  smarttagged  groceries  and  tell  your  cell  phone  app  you  are  low  ona  certain  item.  if  your  bag  of  frozen  vegetables  can  have  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  tag,  other  objects  such  asvaluable  cars,  jewelry  and  handbags  could  too,  and  they  could  be  tracked  via  the  internet  andalso  take  advantage  of  a  variety  of  available  webbased  applications.  some  telehealthrelated  services  also  belong  in  this  category.  this  is  when  various  classes  of  sensors  with  or  without  actuation  capabilities  are  used  formonitoring  and  to  provide  data  so  a  process  can  be  controlled  remotely.  this  could  be  assimple  as  the  use  of  cameras  the  sensing  nodes  in  this  example  to  position  boxes  ofvarious  sizes  on  a  conveyer  belt  so  a  label  machine  can  properly  apply  labels  to  them.  thistask  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  done  in  real  time  by  sending  the  data  to  a  remote  computer,  analyzing  it  andbringing  a  command  back  to  the  line  so  various  control  actions  can  be  taken  to  improvethe  process  ...  without  any  human  intervention.  the  smart  energy  market  provides  an  ideal  example  of  this  use  case.  the  term  smart  energyhas  been  used  in  many  ways,  but  it  basically  refers  to  accessing  information  about  energyconsumption  and  reacting  to  the  information  to  optimize  the  allocation  of  resources  energyuse.  in  the  case  of  a  household,  for  example,  once  the  residents  know  theyve  been  usingtheir  washing  machine  during  peak  hours  when
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  grid  is  most  constrained  and  the  cost  ofelectricity  is  at  premium,  they  could  adjust  their  behavior  and  wash  their  laundry  during  nonpeak  hours,  saving  money  and  helping  the  utility  company  cope  with  the  peak  demand.  this  category  is  the  most  fascinating,  as  it  refers  to  monitoring  unknown  factorsenvironmental,  interaction  between  machines  and  infrastructures,  etc.  and  having  machinesmake  decisions  that  are  as  humanlike  as  possible  ...  only  better  heres  an  example  that  can  help  illustrate  this:  in  a  traffic  collision  avoidance  system  tcas,when  two  airplanes  approach  each  other  on  a  collision  path,  the  machines  in  the  twoairplanes  take  over.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy system  first  sends  an  audible  warning  to  the  pilots  about  the  dangerahead,  while  at  the  same  time  communicating  between  the  two  planes  and  deciding  howeach  plane  should  move  to  avoid  a  collision.  the  assumption  is  that  if  the  two  pilots  arewarned  and  are  in  control  to  make  quick  decisions,  they  can  both  decide  to  make  turns  thatwould  still  cause  a  crash.  there  are  a  whole  host  of  new  technologies  available  today  and  in  development  that  couldallow  vehicles  to  communicate  with  each  other  as  well  as  with  a  central  control  unit.  thesesmart  vehicles  also  could  sense  the  road,  traffic  signs  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lane  markers  and,  using  gps  anda  communication  link,  avoid  incoming  traffic,  avoid  accidents  around  a  curve  or,  in  conjunctionwith  the  central  control  unit,  avoid  going  over  a  distressed  bridge  on  the  verge  of  collapse.  remote  patient  monitoring  is  another  example  relevant  to  this  use  case.  for  instance,  imaginean  implantable  sensing  node  that  tracks  biometrics  and  sends  a  signal  regarding  an  abnormalreadout  for  an  elderly  patient.  if  the  patient  doesnt  respond  by  taking  a  medication,  thenode  could  place  an  emergency  call  to  a  contact  from  a  list,  and,  if  theres  no  answer,  call  asecond  contact,  and  finally,  if  no  answer,  contact
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  monitoring  clinic  or  quickly  provide  otheremergency  assistance.  another  example  is  continuous  monitoring  of  chronic  diseases  to  helpdoctors  determine  best  treatments,  with  minimal  human  intervention.  requirements  common  to  all  of  the  use  cases  above  include:  functional  view  of  internet  of  things  technologies  in  the  factory  automation  example  applying  labels  to  boxes,  a  camera  detects  informationusing  a  chargecoupled  device  ccd  sensor  sensing  node,  the  collected  data  is  thencommunicated  to  an  embedded  processor/controller  embedded  processing  node  usingwired  or  wireless  communication  technology  connectivity  node,  a  decision  is  made  by  theremote  server  remote  embedded  processing  node  and  communicated  connectivity  node,which  causes  a  mechanical  action
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  take  place  that  corrects  the  situation.  a  contextaware  automation  and  decision  optimization  example  could  be  a  smart  car  usingits  active  safety  radar  system  sensing  node  in  conjunction  with  image  processing  camerassensing  nodes  that  communicates  with  an  embedded  processor  embedded  processingnode  in  the  center  stack  of  the  car  to  make  an  appropriate  decision  regarding  dangerahead.  or,  the  vehicle  could  leverage  its  builtin  gps  and  wideareanetwork  wan  wirelesscommunication  capability  connectivity  node  to  pass  along  information  to  a  central  processingserver  on  the  network/in  the  cloud  remote  embedded  processing  node  that  could  then  makethe  car  aware  of  the  information  it  had  just  received
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  the  sensors  on  a  bridge  sensingnode  that  was  being  pounded  by  flood  waters  and  losing  its  structural  integrity,  guiding  thecar  to  a  different  route  to  avoid  danger.  the  types  of  sensing  nodes  needed  for  the  iot  vary  widely,  depending  on  the  applicationsinvolved.  sensing  nodes  could  include  a  camera  system  for  image  monitoring;  water  or  gasflow  meters  for  smart  energy;  radar  vision  when  active  safety  is  needed;  rfid  readers  sensingthe  presence  of  an  object  or  person;  doors  and  locks  with  open/close  circuits  that  indicatea  building  intrusion;  or  a  simple  thermometer  measuring  temperature.  the  bottom  line  is  thatthere  could  be  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy different  types  of  sensing  nodes,  depending  on  the  applications.  whocould  forget  the  heatseeking  mechanical  bugs  that  kept  track  of  the  population  of  a  buildingin  the  movie  minority  report?  those  mechanical  bugs  represent  potential  sensing  nodes  ofthe  future.  these  nodes  will  all  carry  a  unique  id  and  can  be  controlled  separately  via  a  remote  commandand  control  topology.  use  cases  exist  today  in  which  a  smartphone  with  rfid  and/or  nfcand  gps  functionality  can  approach  individual  rfid/nfcenabled  things  in  a  building,communicate  with  them  and  register  their  physical  locations  on  the  network.  hence,  rfid  andnfc  will  have  a  place  in  remote  registration,  and,  ultimately,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy command  and  control  of  the  iot.  embedded  processing  is  at  the  heart  of  the  iot.  local  processing  capability  is  most  often  provided  by  mcus,  hybrid  microcontrollers/microprocessors  mcus/mpus  or  integrated  mcu  devices,  which  can  provide  the  realtime  embedded  processing  that  is  a  key  requirement  of  most  iot  applications.  use  cases  vary  significantly,  and  fully  addressing  the  realtime  embedded  processing  function  requires  a  scalable  strategy  using  a  scalable  family  of  devices,  as  one  size  will  not  fit  all.  in  the  home  automation  example,  depending  on  the  size  or  type  of  residence,  requirements  could  vary  from  a  simple  network  to  a  more  complex
__label__controloptimizationautonomy structure  with  hierarchical,  nested  subnetworks  controlled  at  different  levels.  for  example,  in  a  singlefamily  home,  all  windows,  doors,  electrical  outlets  and/or  electrical  equipment  and  thermostats  could  have  simple  embedded  controllers  that  communicate  with  a  master  mcu/mpu  hybrid  device  for  command  and  control  of  the  entire  house.  in  turn,  this  master  device  can  communicate  via  the  internet  with  a  variety  of  clients,  from  the  security  service  provider  and  other  service  providers  to  portals  that  can  give  the  homeowner  access  to  remotely  control  all  of  these  connected  things.  in  an  apartment  building,  the  same  idea  can  be  extended,  with  an  even  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy complex,  layered  network  hierarchy  that  includes  apartmentlevel  command  and  control,  as  well  as  floorlevel  and  buildinglevel  command  and  control.  there  are  a  few  requirements  that  make  an  mcu  ideal  for  use  in  the  iot.  energy  efficiency:  embedded  architecture  with  a  rich  software  ecosystem:  portfolio  breadth  that  enables  software  scalability:  portfolio  breadth  that  costeffectively  enables  different  levels  of  performance  and  arobust  mix  of  i/o  interfaces:  costeffectiveness:  quality  and  reliability:  security:  the  role  of  the  communication  node  is  to  transfer  information  gathered  by  the  sensing  nodesand  processed  by  local  embedded  processing  nodes  to  the  destinations  identified  by  the  localembedded  processing  nodes.  and,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy once  the  data  is  remotely  processed  and  new  commandsare  generated,  the  communication  node  brings  back  the  new  commands  to  the  local  embeddedprocessing  nodes  to  execute  a  task.  sometimes  this  could  be  as  simple  as  sensing  a  fridge  door  being  left  open  based  on  energyuse,  and  after  analyzing  the  data,  automatically  closing  the  door  via  a  mechanical  mechanismor  generating  a  warning  for  the  homeowners  home  automation  app.  or,  it  could  be  assophisticated  as  communication  to  an  autonomous  vehicle  to  avoid  an  accident.  todays  wireless  landscape  use  cases  could  vary  drastically,  but  what  is  common  to  these  command  and  controlcommunication  links  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  they  typically  only  need  to  carry  few  kilobytes  of  data  for  any  givennode,  unless  highbandwidth  image  processing  or  video  data  is  involved.  the  iot  will  encompass  all  aspects  of  ones  everyday  life,  hence  there  is  no  limit  to  the  distances  for  which  command  and  control  communication  can/will  be  used.  to  get  a  better  understanding  of  the  dynamics  of  this  segment,  lets  take  a  step  back  and  look  at  the  various  communication  topologies  that  exist  today,  from  wireless  body  area  network  wban  towide  area  network  wan,  and  all  of  the  options  in  between.  if  you  were  to  design  wired  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wireless  technologies  for  the  iot  from  the  ground  up,  you  may  or  may  not  end  up  with  the  communications  landscape  as  we  know  it  today.  however,  many  of  the  companies  offering  wireless  and  wired  solutions  are  positioning  their  products  as  the  communication  engine  of  choice  for  the  iot  market.  the  iot  will  also  add  the  concept  of  wireless  sensor  and  actuator  networks  wsans,  which  are  networks  that  contain  sensing  and  embedded  processing  nodes  that  can  control  their  environment.  as  with  any  emerging  market,  a  transition  period  before  system  optimization  takes  place  and  technologies  become  bettersuited  for  the  end  iotrelated  applications
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  likely.  based  on  typical  product  life  cycles  and  the  role  of  software,  it  would  be  safe  to  say  that  if  a  technology  takes  hold  in  an  iot  segment  now,  that  technology  or  an  optimizedtopurpose  version  of  it  will  be  in  place  for  at  least  the  next  five  to  eight  years.  there  are  some  battle  lines  already  drawn  that  may  be  solidifying.  for  example,  it  seems  as  though  bluetooth  low  energy  btle  is  being  adopted  by  the  health  care  industry  for  portable  medical  and  lifestyle  devices.  on  the  other  hand,  the  battle  between  zigbee  and  lowpower  wifi  technologies  for  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy control  and  automation  has  just  begun.  operators  are  urgently  looking  for  new  revenue  streams,  and  machinetomachine  communication  and  locationbased  services  seem  to  be  good  places  to  make  a  bet.  both  can  use  existing  infrastructure  and  are  very  much  a  part  of  the  emerging  iot  market.  major  volumes  for  the  iot  market  will  likely  not  happen  for  another  1012  years,  and,  at  that  time,  the  communications  technologies  may  be  completely  different  from  those  being  considered  today,  or  new  revisions  of  existing  standards  may  have  emerged.  wifi  technologists  already  are  working  on  802.11ah  wifi  on  ism  bands  below  1  ghz  to  tailor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  for  infrastructureindependent  adhoc,  mesh  networking  and  longerrange  control  of  sensor  networks.  alternatively,  there  could  be  brandnew  technologies  better  suited  for  certain  aspects  of  iot  communication  that  displace  the  existing  standards  for  the  iot.  for  example,  operators  may  decide  their  valuable  spectrum  is  too  precious  to  use  for  wanbased  command  and  controlservices  and  they  instead  need  to  use  a  different  technology.  or,  a  disruptive  wireless  network  technology  like  what  weightless  weightless.org/  is  developing  may  take  hold.  one  thing  about  the  connectivity  needs  of  the  future  iot  market  is  clear  it  is  so  diverse,  largeand  costconscious  that  a  range  of  different
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technologies  will  be  needed  possibly  includingwan,  lan,  wpan,  wban,  etc.,  and  one  size  will  not  fit  all.  requirements  for  communication  functions  are  almost  the  same  as  for  embedded  processing  nodes:  if  we  convert  the  building  blocks  of  the  iot  from  simple  nodes  to  a  box/productlevel  view,we  end  up  with  sensing/edge  nodes  that  use  pan/ban/lan  types  of  communicationstopologies,  connected  to  gateways  with  different  levels  of  hierarchy.  boxlevel  view  of  iot  building  blocks  these  gateways,  in  turn,  communicate  to  the  cloud  via  wan  communication  technology.once  connected  to  the  cloud  through  an  access  network,  data  will  be  routed  through  a  serverfor  application/action,  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy well  as  big  data  analysis.  software  service  fabric  for  metering  application  getting  all  segments  of  the  iot  to  communicate  and  work  together  is  key  to  the  success  of  thetechnology  rollout,  and  that  means  deploying  a  lot  of  software  and  middleware  that  will  enablevarious  heterogeneous  devices  to  talk  with  each  other  and  the  infrastructure  around  them.  for  example,  in  a  smart  meter  application,  an  analog  front  end  afe  reads  the  meter  andthe  mcu  manages  the  meter  to  interpret  and  push  the  data  through  the  communicationpipe,  which  will  be  communicating  with  the  house  on  one  end  and  the  curbside  on  the  otherend.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy while  most  developers  have  a  clear  view  of  the  software  architecture  from  a  device,communication  pipe  and  application  profile  perspective,  the  servicelevel  fabric  must  also  beconsidered  for  a  given  application.  in  this  configuration,  the  sensing  node  here  the  afe  is  using  an  embedded  processing  mcu  nodeto  translate  and  transmit  the  data  through  the  communication  functions  to  the  central  embeddedprocessing  node  in  the  house,  as  well  as  one  on  the  curbside.  a  lot  of  middleware  software  isneeded  to  enable  this  interaction  to  happen  reliably,  with  the  services  delivered  seamlessly.  since  there  are  not  yet  industrywide  iot  best  practices  agreed  upon  and  deployed,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manycomponent  providers  are  approaching  the  connection  between  devices  and  the  cloud  asa  connection  to  their  niche  cloud,  as  opposed  to  the  cloud.  some  companies  promotethat  all  devices  will  be  dumb  nodes,  with  all  processing  and  decisionmaking  done  withintheir  cloud.  alternatively,  some  believe  only  minimal  access  to  the  cloud  for  basic  internetrelated  services  will  be  required,  with  most  of  the  thinking  done  locally.  the  architectureand  building  blocks  of  the  iot  as  described  in  this  paper  allow  for  a  number  of  differentapproaches,  which  will  likely  be  necessary  due  to  the  wide  variety  of  use  cases  andconfigurations  anticipated.  that  flexibility  will  be  needed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  optimize  systemlevel  performance.  so,  why  does  software  get  such  a  big  headline?  software  enables  the  various  services  the  iot  willprovide.  services  are  the  means  by  which  the  iot  will  address  certain  needs.  those  needs  couldexist  today,  or  they  may  be  things  we  dont  yet  realize  we  need,  but  someday  well  wonder  why  we  never  had  them  before.  many  people  forget  that  until  20  years  ago,  most  of  us  lived  withoutmobile  phones  and  didnt  see  a  need  for  them,  but  now  they  are  the  most  personal  gadget  ownedby  people  in  the  western  world.  along  those  lines,  some  iot  services  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy address  needs  easilyidentifiable  today  e.g.  asset  tracking,  smart  energy,  etc.,  but  others  are  yet  to  be  defined.  some  people  bundle  this  topic  within  the  software  portion  of  the  iot,  but  it  deserves  theattention  of  a  separate  category.  without  a  solid  security  mechanism  for  all  of  the  iot  buildingblocks  mentioned  above,  the  iot  will  not  be  as  pervasive  as  it  is  anticipated  to  become.  when  we  say  security,  we  really  mean  security  of  information  the  information  that  getspassed  around  by  various  parts  of  the  system  and  is  context  and  servicedependent.  forexample,  knowing  the  location  of  a  person  could  be  considered  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy good  thing  if  the  personwas  lost.  however,  if  that  person  felt  his  or  her  privacy  was  being  compromised,  knowing  thelocation  information  could  be  considered  a  bad  thing.  heres  what  we  mean  by  secure  information:  information  needs  to  be  available  when  needed:  information  needs  to  be  confidential:  the  integrity  of  data  needs  to  be  assured:  the  security  of  the  system  is  as  good  as  the  last  threat  it  was  able  to  prevent,  and,  as  soonas  it  gets  broken,  one  needs  to  implement  new  ways  of  making  it  secure  again.  if  the  recenthacking  of  credit  card  and  personal  information  from  reputable  outlets
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  the  internet  is  anyindication  of  the  challenges  facing  iot  services,  the  internet  security  infrastructure  availabletoday  is  inadequate  to  manage  iot  services.  during  the  summer  of  2010,  malware  targeted  electronic  process  control  systems  for  thefirst  time  instead  of  the  traditional  credit  cards  and  personal  information.  the  stuxnet  trojanhorse  worm  that  attacked  siemens  process  control  systems  at  nuclear  plants  demonstratedincredible  levels  of  sophistication  and  showed  the  potential  damage  that  could  be  done  toundermine  the  security  of  the  iot.  devicelevel  security:  there  are  different  types  mcu,  hybrid  mcu/mpu,  integrated  mcus,  etc.and  layers  of  embedded  processing  at  various  nodes  of  the  iot,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  any  device  to  be  consideredsmart  so  it  can  be  connected  to  the  internet,  it  must  incorporate  an  embedded  processor.embedded  processors  are  going  to  be  pervasive  in  the  iot,  and  theyd  better  be  very  secure.  mcus  are  vulnerable  during  their  bootup  process,  when  software  is  executed  fromprogrammable  memory  using  the  code  stored  in  the  readonly  memory  rom  or  nonvolatilememory  nvm/flash  memory.  during  this  process,  expert  hackers  can  break  the  routine  andhack  the  system  in  a  variety  of  ways.  many  new  technologies  are  rolling  out  to  address  thesecurity  issues  related  to  passive  attacks  e.g.  glitching  and  invasive  attacks  e.g.  uv  attacks,but
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  are  likely  necessary.  the  intent  of  the  iot  is  to  put  smart  devices  on  a  sort  of  universal  neural  net,  controlling  themremotely.  hence,  each  of  these  identifiable  objects  billions  of  them  can  introduce  a  threatto  the  overall  system.  with  such  potential  for  disaster,  are  there  best  practices  engineers  canlearn  to  enhance  the  security  of  mcus  in  an  iot  system?  by  now  it  should  be  clear  that  networks  of  the  future  will  connect  more  objects,  machinesand  infrastructure  to  a  global  neural  network  of  cloudbased  services  than  they  will  connectpeople.  a  tsunami  of  data  and  services  will  affect  the  way  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy live,  well  beyond  the  changesexperienced  when  the  internet  first  arrived  and  changed  the  way  people  network  andcommunicate  with  each  other.  at  the  heart  of  the  iot  are  layers  of  embedded  processing,from  the  most  remote  satellite  sensing  node  to  the  core  of  the  network.  the  diversity  ofservices  being  planned  for  the  iot  means  no  one  company  can  develop  full  solutions  andsupporting  iotbased  innovations.  iotbased  innovations  will  require  a  broad,  rich  ecosystemof  partner  companies  working  together  to  bring  iotbased  services  to  the  market.  an  opennonproprietary  platform  arm.com  that  allows  all  partners  working  together  to  use  thesame  baseline  technologies  is  key  to  making
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  iot  happen.  the  pervasiveness  of  embedded  processing  is  already  happening  everywhere  around  us.  athome,  appliances  as  mundane  as  your  basic  toaster  now  come  with  an  embedded  mcu  thatnot  only  sets  the  darkness  of  the  piece  of  toast  to  your  preference,  but  also  adds  functionalsafety  to  the  device.  your  refrigerator  has  started  talking  to  you  and  keeping  track  of  whatyou  put  in  it.  there  are  energyaware  hvac  systems  that  can  now  generate  a  report  onthe  activity  in  your  house  and  recommend  ways  to  reduce  your  energy  consumption.  theelectrification  of  vehicles  has  already  started  happening,  and  in  just  a  few  years
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  now,each  car  will  contain  50  percent  more  electronics  than  it  did  just  five  years  ago.  the  cars  ofthe  future  will  indeed  be  able  to  drive  themselves.  similar  changes  are  also  happening  in  otheraspects  of  our  lives  ...  in  factories,  transportation,  school  systems,  stadiums  and  other  publicvenues.  embedded  processing  is  everywhere.  connecting  those  smart  devices  nodes  to  the  web  has  also  started  happening,  althoughat  a  slower  rate.  the  pieces  of  the  technology  puzzle  are  coming  together  to  accommodatethe  internet  of  things  sooner  than  most  people  expect.  just  as  the  internet  phenomenonhappened  not  so  long  ago  and  caught  like  a  wildfire,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things  will  touch  everyaspect  of  our  lives  in  less  than  a  decade.  are  you  ready  for  it?  this  white  paper  was  developed  in  collaboration  with  global  strategy  andbusiness  development,  and  emerging  technologies,  arm.  log  in  below  to  leave  a  comment.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway  company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks  of  mouser  electronics,  inc.  all  other  trademarks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  corporate  headquarters  and  logistics  center  in  mansfield,  texas  usa.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway  company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stay  current.  stay  connected.  sign  up  for  our  monthly  enewsletter  combining  a  consultative,  resultsdriven  process  with  a  bestinclass  internet  of  things  iot  platform,  we  help  you  build  a  tailored  smart  building  program  to  revolutionize  business  processes,  support  and  lower  operating  costs,  while  providing  an  exceptional  experience  for  the  people  who  live  and  work  in  your  buildings  each  day.  global  technology  company  adjust  heating,  lighting  and  security  systems  settings  for  one  building  or  across  your  entire  portfolio  directly  from  the  switch  platform.  remotely  adjust  control  settings  and  scheduling  to  avoid  costly  peak  demand  charges,  improve  energy  utilization  and  ensure  tenant  comfort
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  a  costefficient  way.  our  expert  iot  team  conducts  rigorous  rd  on  extensive  hardware  to  help  you  measure  new  data  sets  such  as  card  swipes,  cameras,  fire  safety  systems,  etc.  to  enable  a  datadriven  approach  to  brand  new  digital  work  force  efforts.  the  team  is  happy  to  offer  custom  recommendations  that  provide  a  consistent,  scalable  iot  strategy  for  your  unique  goals.  and  our  deeply  experienced  driver  integration  development  team  stands  ready  to  build  custom  integrations.  uncapped,  prioritized,  customizable  alerts  enable  users  to  dig  into  timestamped  sensor  data  to  find  patterns  and  funnel  these  insights  into  action.  streamline  the  time  it
__label__controloptimizationautonomy takes  to  identify  building  issues  and  proactively  address  occupant  comfort  issues  before  you  receive  a  complaint.  enterprise  iots  deep  customizability  enables  your  team  to  establish  unique  benchmarks,  create  custom  kpis,  configure  the  platforms  workspaces  and  tailor  reporting.  one  platform,  infinite  possibilities.  streamline  device  connectivity  with  an  ondemand  building  systems  network  assessment.  fuel  datadriven  decisions  with  customized  building  performance  scoring.  identify  improvement  opportunities  and  fine  tune  building  operations.  2018  switch  automation  to  learn  more  about  the  switch  automation  platform,  please  fill  out  the  form  and  someone  will  contact  you  shortly.  wed  love  to  stay  in  touch.  sign  up  here  for  occasional
__label__controloptimizationautonomy matlab  and  simulink  can  help  you  design,  prototype,  and  deploy  iot  applications  such  as  predictive  maintenance,  operations  optimization,  supervisory  control,  and  more.  streaming  and  archived  data  builtin  interfaces  custom  iot  analytics  and  algorithms  datadriven  physicsbased  models  asset  edge  cloud  prototype  and  operationalize  we  record  frequencies  on  the  grid,  inject  them  into  our  simulink  model,  and  compare  the  simulation  results  to  the  actual  system  response.  with  simulink  we  can  continually  calibrate  and  improve  our  model,  and  ultimately  improve  the  accuracy  of  our  reserve  estimates.  use  matlab  with  big  data  to  develop  your  algorithms.  matlab  supports  timestamped  and  unstructured  data  from  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sources  including  cloud  storage  services  e.g.,  ,  ,  ,  and  databases.  work  with  live  data  from  connected  assets  by  integrating  matlab  with  message  brokers  like  and  streaming  protocols  such  as  kafka.  you  can  easily  perform  data  munging  and  cleaning  using  builtin  features  to  replace  missing  or  erroneous  values,  smooth  data,  and  align  data  sets  that  use  different  timestamp  formats.  learn  more  explore  products  matlab  provides  thousands  of  functions  for  iot  application  development,  including  for  predictive  maintenance,  and  ,  feedback  and  supervisory  control,  ,  and  .  develop  algorithms  much  faster  with  matlab  than  with  traditional  programming  languages  by  using  existing  functions,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy customizing  them,  or  creating  your  own.  the  same  algorithm  can  operate  across  many  common  iot  scenarios,  including  streaming  or  big  data.  learn  more  explore  products  with  matlab,  you  can  define  a  model  using  data  from  your  industrial  smart  machine.  you  can  also  use  simulink  to  create  a  physicsbased  model  using  .  both  datadriven  and  physicsbased  models  can  betuned  with  data  from  the  operating  asset  to  act  as  a  .  these  digital  twins  can  be  used  for  prediction,  whatif  simulations,  anomaly  detection,  fault  isolation,  and  more.  learn  more  explore  products  matlab  programs  or  simulink  models  can  be  deployed  on  the  edge,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy asset,  or  cloud.  for  desktop,  server,  onpremise,  or  cloud  applications,  you  can  generate  runtime  executables,  components,  or  containers.  for  embedded  devices,  you  can  automatically  generate  c/c,  verilog/vhdl,  or  gpu  code.  explore  and  test  where  the  algorithms  of  your  iot  system  should  run  whether  it  is  a  timecritical  control  loop  that  should  run  at  the  asset  or  edge,  or  a  big  data  analytic  that  should  run  at  an  onpremises  data  center  or  the  cloud.  learn  more  explore  products  is  an  easytouse  cloudbased  iot  platform  for  prototyping  and  smallscale  productions  applications.  send  data  to  thingspeak  from  your  devices  using  mqtt  or  rest
__label__controloptimizationautonomy apis.  view  instant  visualizations  of  your  live  data  from  any  internetconnected  web  browser.  with  thingspeak,  you  can  schedule  matlab  code  to  run  live  analyses  and  visualizations  as  new  data  arrives.  act  on  your  data  by  creating  alerts  and  triggering  reactions.  learn  more  explore  products  whether  your  team  is  just  starting  out,  or  youre  seasoned  matlab  and  simulink  users,  mathworks  consulting  services  works  with  you  to  develop  a  customized  plan  and  accelerate  project  development.  with  personalized  coaching  and  a  fully  transparent  approach,  our  goal  is  to  leave  you  in  control  of  your  improved  processes,  tools,  and  design  work.  contact  us  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  custom  evaluation.  enter  the  official  name  include  country  code  before  the  telephone  number.  example:  15555555555  include  country  code  before  the  telephone  number.  example:  15555555555  to  submit  this  form,  you  must  accept  and  agree  to  our  privacy  policy.  we  will  not  sell  or  rent  your  personal  contact  information.  you  are  already  signed  in  to  your  mathworks  account.  please  press  the  submit  button  to  completethe  process.  choose  a  web  site  to  get  translated  content  where  available  and  see  local  events  andoffers.  based  onyour  location,  we  recommend  that  you  select:  .  you  can  also  select  a  web  site  from  the  following  list:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy select  the  china  site  in  chinese  or  english  for  best  site  performance.  other  mathworks  country  sites  are  not  optimized  for  visits  from  your  location.  explore  products  try  or  buy  learn  to  use  get  support  about  mathworks  mathworks  accelerating  the  pace  of  engineering  and  science  mathworks  is  the  leading  developer  of  mathematical  computing  software  for  engineers  and  scientists.  19942019  the  mathworks,  inc.  join  the  conversation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  website  collects  personal  data  and  uses  cookies  to  improve  services.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  .  by  performing  operations  at  the  edge  rather  than  the  server,  overall  system  performance  can  be  greatly  enhanced.  the  two  main  topics  at  the  iot  conferences  i  have  attended  recently  are  security  and  big  data.  security  is  presented  as  one  of  the  main  barriers  for  adoption  of  iot  in  a  big  way,  and  cases  like  the  target  and  home  depot  security  breaches  help  fuel  the  argument.  big  data,  on  the  other  hand,  is  held  as  the  key  to  monetizing  the  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ecosystem.  the  power  of  the  iot  solution  is  in  the  data  about  the  client/user  that  it  can  give  to  the  iot  service  provider.  iot  developers  are  spending  the  majority  of  their  resources  finding  ways  to  collect  and  analyze  data,  and  the  more  they  collect,  the  better  it  is.  the  twist,  and  pitfall,  is  that  the  amount  of  data  moving  through  the  system  can  swamp  the  systems  servers  and  hubs  and  overwhelm  the  databases.  its  not  only  a  problem  of  magnitude  but  also  of  quality  and  relevance  of  the  data.  with  the  large  number  of  new  and  sophisticated  sensors  available  today
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  can  easily  connect  to  controllers  and  communicate  through  the  network,  eager  engineers  and  product  managers  are  happy  to  embrace  the  technology  and  take  all  the  sensors  they  can  get.  the  same  goes  for  datathe  bigger  the  better.  this  approach  that  any  data  is  good  data,  and  we  will  manage  it  on  the  server  side,  can  be  one  of  the  biggest  problems  that  product  managers  need  to  control.  new  sensor  technologies  enable  new  systems  to  monitor  a  large  number  of  parameters  at  a  low  cost,  and  send  all  the  data  via  wide  bandwidth  communication  to  a  large,  distributed  bank  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hard  drives.  this  sounds  great  to  every  engineering  and  product  manager,  but  this  could  also  be  a  trap.  in  the  last  few  months,  ive  worked  with  lots  of  iot  vendors,  and  all  of  them  were,  in  my  opinion,  overly  obsessed  with  collecting  data.  in  one  case,  it  was  a  continuous  monitoring  of  air  pressure  in  car  tiresa  number  of  times  every  minute.  this  data  was  sent  with  a  gps  location  to  a  server.  this  was  a  retrofit  system  and  not  integrated  into  other  monitoring  systems  in  the  car.  do  we  really  need  to  know  this  information  with  this  resolution?  isnt
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  more  efficient  to  send  only  changes  or  when  the  pressure  goes  below  or  above  a  critical  level  and  then  send  the  gps  location?  another  company  was  monitoring  body  temperature  in  a  number  of  locations  at  a  10hz  rate  with  10bit  resolution.  does  our  body  temperature  change  that  fast?  do  we  really  need  10bit  resolution  for  this  measurement?  the  implication  of  this  issue  goes  beyond  just  data.  in  both  of  those  cases,  battery  power  consumption  was  a  critical  design  aspect.  reducing  the  power  consumption  is  actually  a  key  for  the  adoption  of  these  products.  reducing  sample  rates  lets  the  system
__label__controloptimizationautonomy spend  more  time  in  sleep  mode,  leading  to  less  power  consumed.  reducing  the  size  of  data  sent  over  a  wireless  interface,  a  major  power  consumer  in  most  iot  systems,  can  also  significantly  reduce  the  power  consumption.  another  option  for  reducing  the  data  size  is  to  move  from  a  10bit  a/d  to  an  8bit  part.  this  can  reduce  the  power  consumption  by  50.  one  concept  behind  this  approach  of  more  data  is  the  ability  to  process  all  the  data  in  the  server.  this  approach  of  lets  get  all  the  data  and  figure  out  later  whats  needed  could  be  useful  in  some
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cases,  but  finding  ways  to  do  more  processing  on  the  iot  edge  device  can  reduce  the  amount  of  data  sent.  this  can  enable  the  use  of  smaller  bandwidth,  lower  power  communication,  and  overall  lower  power  consumption  for  the  system.  one  limitation  to  implementing  this  approach  is  the  added  complexity  on  the  device  side,  and  the  need  to  run  some  background  processing  to  analyze  the  data  locally  before  sending  it  to  the  server.  1.  timing  for  a  general  embedded  control  system.  figure  1  demonstrates  a  typical  embedded  control  system  that  can  be  part  of  an  iot,  m2m,  or  industrial  control  system.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  system  is  running  continuously,  at  a  timing  cycle  defined  by  a  timer  input  running  in  an  endless  loop.  this  example  shows  a  system  that  reads  data  from  two  sensors;  one  is  an  adc  thats  accessed  via  a  system  register,  and  the  other  is  connected  via  an  i2c  serial  bus.  this  information  and  some  other  digital  input  data  are  sent  to  the  host  processor  every  cycle.  the  sample  system  also  shows  a  general  system  interrupt  service  routine  isr  and  activation  of  some  external  actuator.  in  this  sample  system,  the  data  is  collected  and  sent  to  the  host  in  every  cycle;
__label__controloptimizationautonomy you  can  see  that  a  significant  amount  of  time  is  spent  idling  and  waiting  for  an  external  response.  the  cpu  utilization  in  this  example  is  about  60,  which  means  that  for  40  of  the  time,  the  cps  is  running  and  consuming  power  without  any  meaningful  benefit.  one  way  to  improve  system  performance  in  this  case  is  with  a  hardware  sleep  mode.  putting  the  cpu  and  related  devices  in  sleep  mode  will  significantly  reduce  the  power  consumption  during  the  idle  time,  by  more  than  90  in  many  cases.  the  problem  developers  are  facing  is  managing  the  timely  system  transition  into  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out  of  sleep  mode.  2.  timing  of  parallel  data  processing.  in  the  system  shown  in  figure  1,  the  time  spent  in  idle  mode  is  about  40  of  the  overall  processing  time.  figure  2  shows  the  same  system,  but  with  a  parallel  processing  architecture.  this  system  uses  the  time  spent  in  idle  mode  to  locally  process  the  data  collected.  the  system  can  also  collect  data  for  statistics  and  consolidate  it  into  one  transmission  cycle.  this  can  reduce  the  amount  of  data  sent  to  the  host  or  enable  the  system  to  work,  at  some  level,  independently  from  the  host.  to  implement  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy approach,  many  developers  are  using  an  rtos  to  manage  the  systems  different  processes.  the  problem  those  developers  face  is  the  extra  resources  required  to  run  an  rtos,  including  a  more  powerful  processor.  this  is  not  an  efficient  approach  and  may  not  even  be  possible  when  it  comes  to  legacy  devices  with  smaller  controllers.  this  is  where  synthos,  an  applicationspecific  operation  system  generation  tool,  can  step  in,  as  it  takes  as  input  the  source  code  for  the  different  tasks  that  needs  to  run  on  the  controller  and  builds  a  complete  system  that  manages  the  execution  of  those  tasks  based  on  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy simple  configuration  file.  using  synthos,  users  can  define  the  main  task  responsible  for  collecting  data  from  the  systems  sensors.  it  can  also  spawn  other  tasks  that  will  monitor  those  sensors  or  use  interruptbased  monitoring.  the  user  can  define  tasks  to  process  the  data  before  sending  it  to  the  server.  those  tasks  can  be  defined  to  run  in  the  background  at  a  lower  priority.  the  user  can  run  filtering,  averaging,  or  min/max  detection  in  the  background  and  minimize  the  data  sent.  synthos  can  also  manage  the  sleepmode  operationitll  put  the  system  in  sleepmode  that  can  wake  up  on  interrupt.  this  approach
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  also  lower  power  on  the  device  side  due  to  less  data  that  needs  to  be  transferred  to,  saved  on,  and  processed  by  the  server.  jacob  harel  is  the  vice  president  of  business  development/product  management  at  zeidman  technologies.  he  is  the  named  inventor  on  several  patents.  he  holds  a  ba  in  computer  science  and  economics  from  tel  aviv  university.  as  the  traditional  software  application  market  migrates  from  the  enterprise  to  mobile  and  embedded  devices,...  the  medical  industry  is  poised  to  take  a  quantum  leap  in  available  data  from  wearable  iot  devices  as  well  a...
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vmware  pulse  iot  center  is  a  secure,  enterprise  grade,  edge  infrastructure  and  device  management  solution  forboth  it  and  ot  organizations  andany  iot  use  case.  with  pulse  iot  center,you  can  simplify  getting  started  with  iot,automate  management  at  scale,extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure,  and  optimize  the  value  of  your  iot  data.  onboard,  configure,  manage,  monitor  and  secure  across  heterogenous  iot  edge  systems  and  connected  devices  at  scale  with  pulse  iot  center.  check  out  the  latest  version  of  pulse  iot  center.  streamline  management  at  scale  with  a  consistent  management  and  monitoring  framework  for  heterogenous  iot  devices  and  applications
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  scales  to  millions  of  devices.  extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure  with  granular  visibility  and  control  for  all  connected  devices,  applications  and  networking.  simplify  getting  started  and  scaling  iot  with  standardized  device  registration,  connectivity  and  onboarding,  and  automate  metrics  collection  to  streamline  operations.  operationalize  iot  into  your  daily  business  by  streamlining  data  collection  and  orchestration  across  any  device,  any  application  and  any  cloud.  reduce  time  and  technical  skills  needed  to  onboard,  provision  and  configure  diverse  iot  devices  and  applications  faster  and  at  scale  with  low  touch  enrollment,  onboarding,  and  device  templates.  eliminate  iot  management  silos
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  one  console  and  lens  across  heterogenous  iot  and  edge  devices,  applications  and  firmware  at  scale.  put  your  iot  data  to  work  by  facilitating  data  movement  and  flexible  data  flows  to  integrate  with  your  business  processes.  get  pilots  up  and  running  rapidly  with  softwareas  aservice  saas  and  migrate  to  onpremise  implementations  based  on  your  changing  business  needs.  take  advantage  of  seamless  integration  with  existing  serverside  monitoring  and  alerting  capability  through  rest  apis,  along  with  flexible  clientside  integration  through  cbased  sdk.  extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure  with  a  consistent  security  framework  including  least  privilege  execution  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agent,  unique  device  ids,  tls  secured  communications,  rbac  and  custom  roles.  rapidly  configure  and  securely  deliver  updates/patches  to  firmware  and  software  with  fine  grained  control  over  approvals,  scheduling,  activation  and  installation  detect  anomalies  by  monitoring  configurable  device  metric  thresholds  and  escalate  and  trigger  remediation  actions  with  rulebased  alerts  and  api  based  integrations  with  3rd  party  systems.  each  gateway  uses  authorized  access  control  lists  for  ongoing  communicating  with  the  server  to  reduce  spoofing.  device  sessions  use  an  hmacbased  authentication  token  for  continued  communication  with  the  server.  pulse  iot  center  provides  threat  monitoring  and  detection  in  partnership  with  thirdparty  solutions.  future  versions
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  incorporate  microsegmentation  support  with  vmware  nsx  integration.  as  more  smart  things  and  gateways  connect  to  your  networks,  you  need  to  be  able  to  track  their  location,  ensure  safety  and  easily  manage,  provision  and  configure  them.  with  pulse  iot  center,  you  can  monitor  configurable  device  metric  thresholds  and  trigger  automated  remediation  actions  with  rulebased  alerts  and  api  based  integrations  with  3rd  party  systems.  most  iot  devicessuch  as  sensors  in  oil  wells,  on  facility  ceilings,  inside  machines,  on  cranes  or  in  jet  enginesare  located  in  remote,  unmanned  areas.  pulse  iot  center  provides  realtime  monitoring  and  alerts  so  you  can  continuously  track
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  health  of  your  iot  infrastructure.  gain  visibility  into  iot  infrastructure  performance  by  extracting  operational  data  like  cpu  utilization  and  battery  life  and  correlating  it  with  historic  data,  as  well  as  information  from  other  devices,  to  help  you  identify  anomalies.  the  software  lifecycle  on  all  iot  devices  needs  to  be  continuously  maintained,  especially  from  a  security  perspective.  with  pulse  iot  center,  you  establish  granular  visibility  and  control  for  all  connected  devices  at  scale  through  one  console  to  visualize  and  know  device  status,  respond  to  security  threats,  manage  and  deploy  security  patches,  and  update  firmware,  all  overtheair.  edge  and  iot  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  generating  continuous  streams  of  data  that  users  must  be  able  to  manage  and  make  actionable.  pulse  iot  center  helps  optimize  the  value  of  your  data  by  collecting  and  orchestrating  data  flows  across  any  device,  any  application  and  any  cloud.  explore  how  iot  is  being  used  to  solve  specific  industry  challenges  with  our  interactive  use  case  spotlights.  smart  manufacturers  are  becoming  technology  companies.  theyre  using  datadriven  insights  to  improve  operations,  further  automate  the  factory,  and  deliver  more  personalized  products  and  new  services  to  customers.  iot  is  transforming  the  transportation  industry,  from  vehicle  design  and  manufacturing,  to  logistics,  insurance  and  retail
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sales.  by  connecting  vehicles,  consumers  and  the  transportation  infrastructure,  there  is  a  huge  opportunity  to  improve  driver  experiences  and  safety  and  reduce  costs.  iot  can  help  you  gain  a  competitive  edge  by  helping  you  respond  quickly  to  changing  customer  needs,  improve  supply  chain  efficiency  and  uncover  new  customer  behaviors,  as  well  as  optimize  customer  experiences  to  boost  sales  and  your  brand  image.  iot  introduces  connectedness  that  can  help  identify  inefficiencies  in  your  processes,  improve  the  customer  banking  experience  and  dramatically  improve  client  personalization  of  products  and  services.  by  2025,  iot  in  health  and  wellness  is  expected  to  generate  a  global
__label__controloptimizationautonomy economic  impact  of  1.6  trillion.  whether  you  are  a  patient,  a  provider  or  an  insurer,  iot  provides  realtime  visibility  to  improve  experiences  and  efficiency,  reduce  costs  and  increase  quality  of  patient  care.  smart  cities  are  using  iot  to  reduce  costs  and  resource  consumption  and  increase  safety  to  provide  a  higher  quality  of  life  for  citizens.  iot  devices  such  as  realtime  traffic  management  and  smart  street  lighting  are  projected  to  save  smart  cities  4.6  trillion  globally.  leverage  iot  with  remote  asset  management,  smart  metering  and  smart  grid  technologies  to  help  you  operate  more  efficiently,  enabling  you  to  reduce  costs  and  conserve
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environmental  resources,  while  increasing  employee  safety.  photon  operating  system  os  provides  a  secure  runtime  environment  for  efficiently  running  containers.  photon  os  is  an  open  source  linux  distribution  optimized  for  cloudnative  applications,  cloud  platforms,  and  vmware  infrastructure.  the  combination  of  photon  os  and  pulse  iot  center  supports  running  modern  cloud  native  and  containerbased  apps  including  data  analytics  and  data  filtering  close  to  the  point  of  data  origination  at  the  edge.  edgex  foundry  is  a  highlyflexible,  open  source  microservices  framework  for  building  plugandplay  iot  edge  solutions.  at  the  heart  of  the  project  is  an  interoperability  framework  hosted  within  a  full  hardware  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy osagnostic  reference  software  platform  to  enable  an  ecosystem  of  plugandplay  components  that  unifies  the  marketplace  and  accelerates  the  deployment  of  iot  solutions.  liota  is  the  clientside  for  vmware  pulse  iot  center  deployed  to  edge  gateways  and  things,  and  it  facilitates  data  flows  from  things  to  vmware  pulse  iot  center.  liota  little  iot  agent  is  a  vendorneutral,  open  source  iot  sdk  for  building  iot  applications  for  managing,  monitoring  and  orchestrating  data  between  things,  gateways  and  the  cloud/data  center.  explore  the  features  of  vmware  pulse  iot  center  2.0  get  the  latest  updates  on  vmwares  edge  iot  blog.  join  our  experts  for  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  heres  who  we  spoke  to:  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__controloptimizationautonomy across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__controloptimizationautonomy right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__controloptimizationautonomy harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__controloptimizationautonomy collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__controloptimizationautonomy track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  technology  is  changing  the  way  business  and  individuals  live  and  work  in  their  daily  lives.  today,  industrial  operations,  manufacturing  units,  healthcare  centers,  government  offices,  educational  institutes,  and  businesses  the  world  over  are  able  to  gather  and  organize  data  from  diverse  sources.  they  can  analyze  it,  make  predictions,  and  perform  modeling  all  in  real  time.  we  are  headed  towards  a  datafrenzied  era,  where  data,  once  it  is  available  in  cyberspace,  will  become  a  source  of  analysis  for  anyone.  is  that  globally  beneficial  or  is  that  too  dangerous?  as  this  likes  to  warn  the  readers,  that  although  unstoppable  telecommunications  networks  have
__label__controloptimizationautonomy provided  a  tremendous  opportunity  to  drive  innovation  in  product  development,  to  reduce  operational  costs  while  maximizing  revenue,  the  stumbling  blocks  have  to  be  removed.  right  now,  even  with  many  iot  use  cases  running  successfully,  businesses  have  to  deal  with  it  standards,  limitations,  infrastructure  limitations,  and  skills  shortages.  the  internet  of  things  has  been  described  as  a  vast,  emerging  network  of  ipconnected  devices,  which  working  together,  can  deliver  massive  business  benefits  in  the  coming  years.  from  optimizing  asset  management  to  tracking  and  repairing  industrial  machines  in  real  time,  this  superb  technology  promises  to  bring  a  future  of  efficient  business  management  across
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  globe.  however,  one  has  to  recognize  that  iots  future  success  is  largely  dependent  on  the  further  growth  and  development  of  allied  technologies  such  as  the  cloud,  big  data,  and  ,  to  name  a  few  because  these  technologies  work  in  tandem  to  deliver  business  solutions.  in  the  world  of  iot,  data  happens  outside  the  data  center  because  the  internet  has  tons  of  connected  devices  gathering  data  in  real  time.  the  the  future  of  iot:  on  the  edge  is  still  a  thing  of  the  future  as  these  devices  themselves  do  not  have  the  storage  or  computing  powers  of  large  machines  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  centers.  in  ,  iot  platforms  are  enabling  inventory  or  material  tracking,  singlepoint  asset  control,  realtime  asset  monitoring,  and  unified  operational  intelligence.  as  an  example,  unit  has  implemented  iot  networks  in  their  locomotive  remanufacturing  plant  for  enhanced  manufacturing  efficiency.  in  service  and  support,  iot  devices  are  used  for  predictive  monitoring  and  timely  support  services.  in  ,  iot  devices  are  used  for  connecting  diverse  types  of  thirdparty  technology  platforms  like  device  clouds,  networks,  and  open  apis.  in  customer  management,  iot  devices  are  used  for  product  customization,  usage  and  performance  tracking,  remote  operations,  and  customer  self  service.  ,  a  provider  of  medical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devices  and  software  applications,  uses  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  usage  and  performance  data  to  further  optimize  customers.  from  the  iot  use  cases  just  described,  the  post  now  moves  to  discuss  the  ten  use  cases  that  have  stunned  the  world  with  their  potentials  to  benefit  the  future  generations  of  humanity.  it  is  true;  iot  is  everywhere  the  new  world  of  smart  gadgets  and  apps  is  quite  thrilling;  and  for  the  first  time,  technology  has  attracted  the  attention  of  the  widest  human  population,  regardless  of  age  or  gender.  10  real  world  applications  of  internet  of  things  iot  explained  in  videos  offers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy some  fascinating  video  clips  of  iot  use  cases  the  applications  as  they  happen.  these  resources  clearly  indicate  that  currently,  iot  has  stormed  the  following  application  areas  with  doors  opening  up  for  more  applications  in  future.  for  more  information  on  iot  data  analytics,  the  article  titled  the  10  most  popular  internet  of  things  applications  right  now  talks  about  how  has  strengthened  the  above  application  areas.  also,  review  these  to  get  a  first  look  at  iot  in  action  in  production  processes.  in  terms  of  the  smart  industrial  iot,  look  at  the  ibm  blog  post  titled  the  top  5  industrial  iot  use  cases
__label__controloptimizationautonomy .  according  to  this  post,  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university  conducted  a  joint  study  to  explore  the  global  awareness  of  smart  asset  management  in  manufacturing,  and  the  study  revealed  that  currently,  though  85  percent  of  manufacturing  operations  are  concerned  about  asset  management  best  practices,  only  15  percent  of  the  surveyed  operations  have  implemented  best  practice  measures.  smart  meters  provide  one  way  for  manufacturing  operations  to  track,  monitor,  and  manage  their  energy  resources.  if  there  is  one  iot  use  case  that  is  really  working  to  benefit  much  of  the  global  population,  that  is  the  healthcare  industry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applications.  years  ago,  telemetry  became  popular  in  healthcare  for  medical  data  collection  for  better  treatment  outcomes.  another  big  iot  devices  market  in  healthcare  is  eldercare,  which  is  deployed  to  track  and  monitor  elderly  patients.  in  the  field  of  medical  apps,  stringent  regulations  has  somewhat  slowed  down  the  rate  of  innovation.  due  to  regulations,  medical  centers  are  cautious  about  using  iot  technologies  that  are  not  vetted  though  wifi  has  gained  considerable  acclaim  among  the  medical  fraternity.  much  investments  and  research  efforts  have  recently  been  put  in  medical  apps  development,  and  we  may  see  the  fruits  of  such  labor  in  the  next
__label__controloptimizationautonomy few  years.  get  more  details  in  the  article  titled  how  iot  medical  devices  are  changing  health  care  today  .  in  a  consumerdriven  healthcare  market,  the  presence  of  iot  apps  can  enhance  personalized  healthcare  with  improved  patient  involvement,  which  can  potentially  increase  the  market  value  of  healthcare  providers.  patientgenerated  data  or  pgd,  as  described  in  the  article  no  appointment  necessary:  how  the  iot  and  patientgenerated  data  can  unlock  health  care  value  ,  can  substantially  enhance  diagnosis,  disease  management,  and  treatment  processes.  with  such  massive  data  at  hand,  healthcare  providers  can  detect  and  prepare  treatment  plans  for  patients  at  risk  of  specific
__label__controloptimizationautonomy health  conditions.  the  health  eheart  study  at  the  university  of  california  san  francisco  is  utilizing  pgd  to  understand  heart  diseases  and  discover  methods  to  predict  heart  conditions.  the  goal  of  pgd  is  not  only  to  enable  improved  treatments,  but  also  to  foster  closer  engagement  between  the  healthcare  provider  and  the  patient  for  collaborative  decision  making.  readers  will  information  about  other  iot  use  cases  in  hospitals  in  the  article  titled  iot  for  healthcare:  three  use  cases  .  can  you  envision  a  future  where  our  lives  are  completely  controlled  by  a  network  of  connected  devices  rendering  instant  access  to  data  and  insights
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  aid  decision  making?  in  another  510  years  the  telecommunications  infrastructure  can  make  that  happen.  our  lives  will  evolve  from  datadriven  to  become  informeddecision  driven.  photo  credit:  jamesteohart/shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machine  data  is  securely  streamed  from  equipment  sensors  to  a  central  repository  usingindustrial  data  protocolsand  gateways.  are  applied  to  anticipate  and  predict  failures  before  they  arise.  implementing  predictive  maintenance  typically  starts  with  rulebased  alerts  until  sufficient  data  is  collected,  at  which  time  machinelearning  algorithms  can  be  applied  to  identify  complex  behavior  patterns  and  anomalies.  minimize  quality  control  rejects  by  anticipating  and  preventing  quality  issues.  production  line  quality  teams  get  realtime  alerts  into  upcoming  quality  issues  and  their  root  causes  to  minimize  quality  issues  at  their  source.  identify  causes  for  production  waste  and  prescribe  focused  actions  that  minimize  rework  and  scrap.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predictive  analytics  and  automated  root  cause  analysis  are  employed  to  anticipate  process  failures  that  yield  wastage.  predictive  simulation  is  used  to  test  production  parameters  to  avoid  the  process  failures  while  ensuring  optimized  throughput.  compare  design  to  actual  performance  with  a  that  accurately  tracks  products,  processes,  and  systems  in  real  time.  in  this  iot  use  case,  engineering  teams  accurately  test  optimization  ideas  by  adjusting  parameters  in  the  twin,  without  risking  harm  to  production.  leverage  runtime  and  usage  data  collected  by  the  twin  by  feeding  it  into  the  development  and  manufacturing  process,  increasing  uptime  and  production  throughput.  maximize  production  throughput  by  leveraging
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machine  learning  to  predict  and  prevent  process  disturbances  such  as  extreme  pressures,  leakages,  blockages,  asset  cleaning,  and  more.  anticipate  when  process  disturbances  will  happen,  know  why  they  will  happen,  and  determine  how  to  avoid  them.  factories  and  machinery  oems  get  deep  visibility  into  their  equipment  health  and  actionable  insights  to  maximize  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  reduce  maintenance  costs,  and  cut  downtime.  seebo  includes  data  acquisition,  data  analytics,  dashboards,  and  alerts  delivering  business  outcomes  with  unmatched  speedtomarket  and  predictable  roi.  determine  optimum  production  parameters  that  will  avoid  process  disturbances  after  understanding  the  primary  causes  from  root  cause  analysis.  empower  rapid,  iterative,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  collaborative  prototyping  to  deliver  product  concepts  for  market  validation  at  the  lowest  cost  and  risks.  leverage  digital  prototyping  ahead  of  physical  prototyping  to  simulate  product  concepts,  gain  internal  buyin,  and  minimize  discarded  physical  prototypes.  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  adoption  of  the  enterprise  internet  of  things  iot  solutionscontinues  to  grow  and  a  number  of  use  cases  prove  the  benefits  companies  can  obtain  through  the  deployment  of  internet  of  things  tools.  by  leveraging  the  internet  of  things,  enterprises  gain  operational  efficiencies  and  reduce  costs  through  a  number  of  different  solutions.  predictive  maintenance  is  an  iot/m2m  solution  that  helps  companies  to  lower  operating  and  capital  costs  by  facilitating  proactive  servicing  and  repair  of  assets.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  predictive  maintenance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy uses  sensors  which  are  located  on  the  asset  being  monitored.  these  assets  provide  a  constant  flow  of  data  connected  to  a  central  processing  facility  using  some  wan  or  lanbased  connectivity  platform.  then,  the  captured  data  is  continuously  evaluated  for  example,  in  a  business  intelligence  system.  the  concept  of  predictive  maintenance  is  likely  to  expand  exponentially  in  the  internet  of  things  iot,  in  which  more  and  more  machines  are  being  managed  by  networked  smart  devices.  predictive  maintenance  has  the  dual  benefit  of  optimizing  equipment  uptime  and  performance  while  reducing  the  time  and  labor  associated  with  inspections  and  preventive  maintenance.  the  internet
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  things  will  allow  a  supply  chain  to  control  the  external  environment  and  execute  decisions.  with  the  iot,  sensorembedded  factory  equipment  can  not  only  communicate  data  about  parameters  such  as  the  temperature  and  utilization  of  a  machine,  but  also  change  equipment  settings  and  process  workflow  to  optimize  performance.  enterprise  iot  solutions  can  make  information  about  transport  available  to  the  entire  supply  chain,  making  the  chain  more  transparent.  the  smart  items  monitor  the  goods  and  proactively  raise  an  alert  if  transport  conditions  are  not  appropriate  anymore,  so  the  carrier  is  alerted  and  the  goods  have  a  higher  chance  to  be  saved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy another  key  area  is  intransit  visibility.  key  to  intransit  visibility  are  cloudbased  gps  and  radio  frequency  identification  technologies,  which  provide  identity,  location  and  other  tracking  information.  data  gathered  from  gps  and  rfid  technologies  not  only  allows  supply  chain  professionals  to  automate  shipping  and  delivery  by  exactly  predicting  the  time  of  arrival;  they  can  monitor  important  details  like  temperature  control,  which  impact  the  quality  of  a  product  intransit.  one  of  the  challenges  for  small,  medium  and  large  enterprises  is  how  to  use  assets  to  their  greatest  potential.  when  assets  are  mismanaged  or  underutilized,  equipment  failures  occur  and  operating  expenses  increase,  negatively
__label__controloptimizationautonomy impacting  the  companys  revenues.  companies  can  take  advantage  of  internet  of  things  tool  in  order  to  improve  asset  optimization  to  take  full  advantage  of  their  assets  and  to  improve  productivity.  iot  asset  optimization  solutions  are  used  to  analyze  asset  data  in  realtime,  recommending  options  for  improvement  in  the  use  of  the  assets.  the  solutions  are  designed  to  integrate  realtime  information  from  multiple  systems  and  sources.  solutions  also  provide  a  single  point  of  access  to  critical  data  being  generated  by  key  assets  such  as  manufacturing  equipment,  electricity  and  wind  turbines,  oil  and  gas  exploration  equipment  and  healthcare  devices,  among  others.  operations
__label__controloptimizationautonomy teams  can  have  access  to  realtime  data  which  is  used  to  create  predictive  models  to  identify  maintenance  and  upgrade  requirements  before  failures  occur.  fleet  management  solutions  are  telematicsbased  services  that  allow  companies  in  the  transport  vertical  to  track  their  vehicles  in  real  time,  reduce  operative  fleet  costs,  protect  personnel  and  assets  and  increase  productivity.  these  solutions  allow  companies  to  monitor  the  geographical  position  of  the  vehicles,  ensuring  compliance  with  established  routes  and  schedules.  fleet  management  solutions  also  optimize  working  times  and  reduce  fuel  costs  by  controlling  routes  and  work  processes.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__controloptimizationautonomy logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__controloptimizationautonomy idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__controloptimizationautonomy also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy telia  removes  barriers  for  smart  grids  by  enabling  massive  cellular  iot  for  millions  of  smart  meters.  regional  mobile  operators  in  asia  pacific  unite  to  build  a  unified  platform  for  enterprises  to  access  the  global  iot  ecosystem.  china  telecom  enables  400  and  counting  enterprises  to  deploy,  control  and  scale  iot  device  management  with  more  than  10  million  provisioned  connections.  coveted  car  brand,  borgward,  uses  orange  connectivity  management  to  revolutionize  its  entry  into  new  regions  and  offer  global  connected  car  services.  driving  innovation  in  water  technology  with  global  connectivity  delivered  from  iot  accelerator,  grundfos  can  now  deliver  valuable  actionable  insights  to  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy customers.  in  china,  we  connected  the  worlds  first  iot  factoryautomating  and  streamlining  production,  showing  the  benefits  that  massive  iot  are  worth  investing  in.  getting  connected  healthcare  devices  on  the  global  market  requires  an  ecosystem  of  operator  and  enterprise  partners.  ericsson  and  lynk  co  are  collaborating  on  a  cloudbased  solution  with  endless  opportunities  to  personalize,  enrich  and  expand  the  automobile  experience.  ericssons  connected  mangroves  project,  combines  cloud,  machinetomachine  and  mobile  broadband  to  help  the  local  community  in  selangor,  malaysia,  to  better  manage  the  growth  of  new  mangrove  saplings.  the  smart  manufacturing  project  is  enabling  martin  friis  and  his  team  at  skfs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy worldclass  factory  to  radically  transform  manufacturing,  and  provide  competitive  advantage  by  introducing  fundamental  changes  to  the  way  industries  operate.  we  engage  and  embrace  open  iot  ecosystems  with  our  cellular  knowledge  and  capabilities,  to  make  iot  easy  to  adopt,  use  and  scale  ericsson  are  proud  to  provide  services  and  technology  that  help  make  industry  and  technology  collaborations  work.  ericsson  is  one  of  the  key  partners  of  drive  sweden  a  strategic  innovation  program  launched  by  the  swedish  government  that  gathers  the  best  in  the  area  from  all  sectors  of  society.  do  you  have  an  iot  challenge  that  youd  like  to  discuss?were  here
__label__controloptimizationautonomy objectbox  empowers  edge  computing.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  connecting  our  world  in  new  and  amazing  ways.  using  the  data  generated  by  iot  devices,  we  can  make  a  smarter,  safer,  and  more  efficient  world.  however,  iot  devices  generate  millions  of  data  points  and  it  no  longer  makes  sense  to  stream  all  of  this  data  to  the  cloud  to  be  stored,  analyzed  and  processed.  more  intelligent  computing  must  happen  at  the  edge  of  the  network,  at  or  near  the  source  of  the  data  this  is  called  edge  computing.  with  the  power  of  edge  computing,  companies  can  develop  products  that  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy independent  from  the  cloud,  ensure  better  data  safety,  and  respond  in  real  time.  here  we  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  iot  use  cases  that  make  use  of  edge  computing.  objectbox  empowers  edge  computing  with  a  data  storage  and  synchronization  solution.  its  uniquely  designed  to  manage  data  from  sensor  to  server,  so  your  data  is  accurate  and  up  to  date  accross  all  hardware.  objectbox  is  a  horizontal  solution,  read  more  about  the  iot  use  cases  across  industries.  when  layering,  small  changes  in  the  environment  need  to  be  incorporated  quickly  and  efficiently  to  ensure  quality.  faster  and  more  precise  manufacturing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy depends  on  constant  adaptation.  the  limiting  factor  currently  is  the  i/o  throughput.  objectbox  speed  enables  higher  i/o  throughput.  quality  issues  are  costly  for  producers;  both  in  time  and  raw  material.  the  faster  issues  can  be  caught,  and  action  can  be  taken,  the  better.  objectbox  empowers  video  quality  control  in  real  time  on  the  edge,  allowing  for  autonomous  action  at  the  machine  level.  catching  machine  failures  before  they  occur  are  a  huge  cost  saving.  processing  and  monitoring  raw  data  locally  at  the  source,  e.g.  analyzing  audio  data  for  anomalies,  allows  operators  to  catch  and  react  to  maintenance  issues  in  real  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy while  keeping  cloud  costs  low.  objectbox  enables  operators  to  process  more  data  faster  using  existing  hardware.  when  layering,  small  changes  in  the  environment  need  to  be  incorporated  quickly  and  efficiently  to  ensure  quality.  faster  and  more  precise  manufacturing  depends  on  constant  adaptation.  the  limiting  factor  currently  is  the  i/o  throughput.  objectbox  speed  enables  higher  i/o  throughput.  in  open  road  tolling  ort,  the  business  model  depends  on  the  fast  and  reliable  identification  of  cars  passing  through  as  well  as  the  reliable  and  fast  synchronization  of  this  information  to  backend  systems.  objectbox  fast  and  reliable  data  storage  and  synchronization  helps  to  quickly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy identify  car  owners  on  site  in  real  time.  being  able  to  monitor  and  control  energy  load  management  on  a  local  level  allows  car  charging  providers  to  optimize  their  energy  usage.  objectbox  enables  this  complex  computing  and  synchronization  on  the  edge.  let  us  make  your  iot  project  a  success.  fill  out  the  form  below  and  we  will  get  in  touch  soon.  by  submitting  this  form,  i  am  agreeing  to  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy social  network  for  security  executives:  help  make  right  cyber  security  decisions  this  is  a  list  of  various  use  cases  of  iot.  some  of  them  have  been  detailed,  because  of  current  or  potential  challenges  and  usage  trends.  there  are  two  types  of  systems:  old  systems  with  hardly  any/nil  instrumentation,  and  the  relatively  new  ones  with  instruments  which  generate  lot  of  data  using  automation  systems,  robots,  nc  machines,  plcs,  digital  gauges,  cameras,  sensors,  wireless  tools  and  others  devices.  these  data  cant  easily  be  combined  and  analyzed,  creating  a  challenge  that  traditional  manufacturing  systems  were  not  designed  for.  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  with  current  thrust  of  make  in  india,  and  the  appetite  of  the  industry  and  start  ups,  this  perhaps  has  the  biggest  potential  in  india.  manufacturing  has  three  areas  of  use  cases:  a.  manufacturing  operations  operations  of  manufacturing  include  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  iot.  b.  production  asset  management  and  maintenance  this  is  the  second  largest  iot  use  case  in  manufacturing  and  in  reality  also
__label__controloptimizationautonomy consists  of  a  range  of  potential  applications.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring  and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way.  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  signs  of  warning,  use  real  time  data  to  create  a  maintenance  timeline  and  preemptively  service  equipment.  e.g.  a  gas  turbine  noise  levels  and  frequency  spectrum  can  be  a  great  source  of  information  on  health  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blades  and  bearings.  c.  field  service  this  covers  manufacturing  plant,  warehouse,  extended  supply  chain  and  customer  site.  some  examples  of  detailed  use  cases  and  the  benefits  iot  offers:  production  flow  monitoring:  optimize  flow,  eliminate  waste  and  avoid  unnecessary  work  in  process  inventory.  remote  equipment  management,  including  setting  specific  limits  and  parameters  to  save  energy  and  costs.  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts:  optimize  machine  availability,  minimize  interruption  and  increase  throughput.  usage  of  data  product,  customer  sentiment  and  more  for  quality  monitoring,  origin/sourcing  of  material  and  enhancement  in  function  of  outcomes.  i.  conventional  ii.  renewable  energy:  solar,  wind  etc.  weather  and  demand  to  supply
__label__controloptimizationautonomy optimization  and  control  solar,  wind  being  the  infirm  energy  supply  sources,  but  penetrating  rapidly  in  the  overall  system  and  using  free/renewable  resource;  has  a  high  impact  and  attention  requirement  in  planning  and  control  in  an  overall  system  of  energy  generation  to  usage  chain.  iot  has  a  large  potential  to  benefit  these  systems.  monitoring,  ops  and  maintenance  large  remote  and  generally  unattended  power  plants,  as  well  as  distributed  smaller  systems  will  be  better  served  with  iot  systems.  cost,  bidding  short  and  long  term,  considering  time  of  the  day  seasonal,  specific  events  a  large  decision  making  input  can  come  from  large  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iot  sensors  across  the  globe,  starting  with  weather  data  and  rapidly  erratic  one  thanks  to  climate  changes.  load  demands  in  large  industries  as  well  as  urban/rural  areas  can  be  assessed  and  managed  when  smart  equipment  with  logical,  machine  learnt  decision  making  systems  are  implemented.  example:  peak  demand:  curtailment  of  peak  to  generator  response;  and  optimized  cost  of  generation  with  a  mix  of  generators  and  storage  could  be  greatly  benefited  from  iot.  b.  transmission  distribution  twoway  communications  and  smart  devices  extend  your  realtime  capabilities  to  include  distribution  automation,  demand  response  and  distributed  energy  resources.  applications  allow  you  to  accurately  monitor,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy measure  and  predict  your  business  performance.  from  billing  data  access  and  reportingto  powering  solutions  like  phase  detection,  voltage  imbalances,  harmonics  with  most  energy  efficient  loads:  lights,  computers,  variable  drives  etc.  being  the  cause  of  harmonics.  rural,  remote  applications  including  micro  grids,  supported  by  energy  storage,  multi  sourced  supply  including  renewable  energy  can  make  use  of  iot  for  improving  customer  experience,  supplydemand  management  dsm,  reduced  costs  and  maintenance.  example:  maximizing  asset  life  and  utilization  most  transformers  are  over  designed  and  right  voltage,  temperature,  old  condition,  gis  data,  e.g.  can  help  optimize  their  capacities,  location  and  thus  reduce  cost,  maintenance,  down  time.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy c.  smart  grid  and  smart  metering  smart  meter  helps  utilities  to:  reduce  operating  expenses  by  managing  manual  operations  remotely;  improve  forecasting  and  streamline  powerconsumption;  improve  customer  service  through  profiling  and  segmentation;  reduce  energy  theft;  and  simplify  microgeneration  monitoring  and  track/manage  renewable  power.  with  builtin  capabilities  to  enable  auto  shutoff,  conservation  voltage  reduction  cvr,  phase  detection,  and  net  metering  for  solar  e.g..  consumers  can  enter  an  event,  such  as  purchasing  a  new  water  heater,  solar  photovoltaic  system,  and  compare  usage  before  and  after.  each  piece  of  information  empowers  them  to  make  some  impactful  decisions.  should  they  leave  a  light  or  computer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on,  considering  that  frequent  switching  is  also  not  recommended?  small  decisions  with  a  potentially  big  return.  d.  ops  predictive  maintenance  a.  exploration  help  in  site  survey,  data  analysis  and  improving  success  rates.  estimates  of  return  on  investments  will  be  possible  considering,  resource  availability,  cost  of  drilling,  transportation,  and  even  price  bidding.  b.  wells/mine  and  environmental  metrics  from  production  trends  to  environment  all  areas  can  be  benefited.  the  current  industry  uses  basic  tools  like  excel.  c.  optimization  for  improving  profits  operations,  maintenance  and  supplydemand  can  have  high  impacts,  and  considering  the  size  of  the  energy  market,  investment  in  iot  has  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy very  high  potential  return.  d.  sale:  data  analytics  and  price  strategy,  forecasting  with  consumption  trends  save  the  consumers  from  wild  price  fluctuations,  including  the  very  sensitive  industrial  users.  a.  smart  cities  b.  traffic  optimization  thousands  of  cross  linked  road,  millions  of  vehicles,  and  drivers,  airports,  ports  can  be  helped  with  weather  data,  signaling,  movement  optimization,  and  major  event  vip  managements.  c.  public  safety  use  of  visual  monitoring  and  personnel  movements  data  collected  and  learnt,  can  help  decide  deployment  of  vigilance  personnel,  roster  duties.  emergency  services  such  as  fire,  ambulance,  police,  disaster  management  are  in  dire  need  of  iot  help  e.g.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  traffic,  location  of  victims,  crime  etc.  a.  telematics  and  fleet  management  it  will  help  improving  efficiency,  productivity  and  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  asset  tracking  is  becoming  used  more  and  more  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in  urban  environments.  b.  automatic  vehicles  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles.  driverless  taxis  can  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits  idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel
__label__controloptimizationautonomy closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  c.  asset  tracking  and  remote  monitoring  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  and  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  d.  condition  based  maintenance/predictive  maintenance  e.  automobile  i.  real  time  diagnostics  ii.  remote  vehicle  management  iii.  in  car  connectivity  and  infotainment  a.  automated  checkouts  b.  footfall  analytics  promos  c.  inventory  optimization  a.  network  maintenance  b.  connected  homes/cars  c.  data  monetization  a.  proactive  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  monitoring  b.  early  detection  and  diagnosis  c.  remote  measurements  d.  wearables  e.  health  and  fitness  tracking  f.  support  for  disability  currently,  over  a  billion  people  including  children  or  about  15  of  the  worlds  population  are  estimated  to  be  living  with  disability.  iot  can  offer  them  the  assistance  and  support  they  need  to  achieve  a  good  quality  of  life  and  allows  them  to  participate  in  the  social  and  economic  life.  a.  usage  based  insurance  b.  telematics  for  insurance  c.  insured  asset  management  :  tags:  join  ciso  platform  :  connect  with  security  peers,  find/  post  jobs,  share  your  knowledge  or  follow
__label__controloptimizationautonomy us  5  members  5  members  email:  contactcisoplatform.com  mobile:  91  99002  62585  infosec  media  private  limited,first  floor,  48,dr  dv  gundappa  road,  basavanagudi,bangalore,karnataka  560004  2019  created  by  .  powered  by  please  check  your  browser  settings  or  contact  your  system  administrator.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  technology  pundits  are  often  given  to  hyperbole,  but  when  they  claim  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  everything  ,  they  may  have  a  point.  at  least,  the  iot  is  being  used  in  just  about  everything  you  can  think  of,  from  deeply  geeky  applications  such  as  industrial  sensors  to  frivolous  gimmicks  like  wifi  enabled  toothbrushes.  dont  believe  me?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  many,  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy different  iot  use  cases  that  people  are  actually  usingor  at  least  testing.  iot  is  the  key  concept  powering  wearables  from  fitness  trackers  to  smartwatches,  but  keeping  weekend  warriors  fit  is  only  the  beginning.  to  push  their  performance  parameters.  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum,  iot  can  .  monitoring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  for  example,  and  even  automatically  alerting  emergency  personnel  when  they  detect  problematic  readingsor  to  send  help  when  an  elderly  person  has  fallen  and  cant  get  up.  down  the  road,  smart  pills  promise  to  share  diagnostic  information  from  inside  the  body.  connected  cars  are  using  iot  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connect  everything  from  engine  diagnostics  to  gps  data  and  infotainment  systems.  inexpensive,  lowpower  iot  devices  track  location  information  for  all  kinds  of  items,  in  warehouses,  shipping  depots  and  in  transit,  not  to  mention  monitoring  temperature,  vibration  and  container  openings  for  quality  control  and  insurance  purposesespecially  of  valuable  or  dangerous  items,  such  as  drugs  or  jewelry  but  not  firearms,  at  least  in  the  united  states.  the  technology  is  even  being  used  to  detect  storage  incompatibilities,  delivering  alerts  when  flammable  goods  are  stored  near  explosive  materials.  connected  devices  include  tvs,  refrigerators,  lights,  thermostats,  smoke  detectors  and  other  sensors,  security  systems  and  much
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more.  hotels  have  long  pioneered  using  iot  for  room  keys,  and  .  farmers  are  using  iot  to  track  equipment  location  and  performance,  and  increasingly  .  iot  sensors  are  also  determining  soil  moisture  levels  to  control  irrigation  systems  and  minimize  water  consumption.  vintners  even  use  iot  to  track  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  better  understand  grapevine  health  and  sugar  levels  in  grapes.  its  even  showing  up  to  track  air  quality  and  toxic  gas  levels  in  barns  and  hen  houses  as  well  as  humidity  and  temperature  in  compost  operations  to  minimize  fungus  and  other  contaminants.  iot  is  being  used  in  golf  courses
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  ball  fields  to  control  selective  irrigation.  far  beyond  home  security  cameras,  iot  is  also  detecting  activity  in  restricted  areas.  nobody  wants  a  flooded  data  center,  and  iot  is  being  used  to  check  for  liquid  detection  in  technology  facilities,  warehouses  and  other  highvalue  areas.  beyond  that,  iot  is  also  being  used  in  the  power  and  mining  industries  to  monitor  radiation  levels  and  poisonous  or  explosive  gases.  want  to  make  sure  there  are  ?  iot  is  there  to  help.  instead  of  basing  premiums  on  group  risk  factors,  such  as  age  or  driving  experience,  based  on  mileage  and  actual  driving  habits.  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  a  key  factor  in  smart  lighting  grids  and  more  efficient  transportation  and  parking  systems,  including  smart  traffic  lights  that  adapt  to  traffic  conditions  in  real  time.  they  can  even  be  configured  to  allow  emergency  responders  and  medical  teams  to  synchronize  with  traffic  lights  to  speed  access  to  critical  locationor  to  change  the  lights  so  cars  dont  have  to  wait  when  theres  no  other  traffic.  utility  companies,  meanwhile,  are  moving  past  smart  meters  to  leverage  iot  to  enable  ondemand  trash  pickup.  iot  is  especially  useful  for  figuring  out  when  maintenance  is  needed  for  all  kinds  of  highvalue  equipment,  from  servers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  power  plants  to  giant  construction  equipment  to  aircraft  and  military  hardware.  the  connection  between  ai  and  iot  may  not  be  immediately  obvious,  but  .  on  the  one  hand,  iot  sensors  let  ai  systems  experience  their  environment  directly.  on  the  other  hand,  ai  and  machine  learning  make  it  possible  to  glean  actionable  insights  from  the  vast  arrays  iot  devices  spewing  out  more  data  than  humans  can  easily  make  sense  of.  the  uses  for  iot  are  practically  limitless,  and  new  applications  are  being  developed  all  the  time.  along  with  the  incredible  opportunity,  of  course,  come  challenges  in  optimizing  a  technology  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reaches  deeply  into  so  many  aspects  of  our  businessesand  our  lives.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy welcome,  log  in  to  your  red  hat  account  your  red  hat  account  gives  you  access  to  your  member  profile  and  preferences,  and  the  following  services  based  on  your  customer  status:  your  red  hat  account  gives  you  access  to  your  member  profile,  preferences,  and  other  services  depending  on  your  customer  status.  for  your  security,  if  youre  on  a  public  computer  and  have  finished  using  your  red  hat  services,  please  be  sure  to  log  out.  the  internet  of  things  in  simple  terms,  the  internet  of  things  iot  refers  to  an  ongoing  trend  of  connecting  all  kinds  of  physical  objects  to  the  internet,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy especially  ones  that  you  might  not  expect.  this  can  mean  everything  from  common  household  objects  like  refrigerators  and  lightbulbs,  to  business  assets  like  shipping  labels  and  medical  devices,  to  unprecedented  wearables,  smart  devices,  and  even  smart  cities  that  only  exist  because  of  iot.  more  specifically,  iot  refers  to  any  system  of  physical  devices  that  receive  and  transfer  data  over  wireless  networks  without  human  intervention.  this  is  made  possible  by  integrating  simple  computing  devices  with  sensors  in  all  kinds  of  objects.  for  instance,  a  smart  thermostat  smart  usually  means  iot  can  receive  location  data  from  your  smart  car  while  you  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy commuting,  which  it  uses  to  adjust  your  homes  temperature  before  you  arrive.  this  is  achieved  without  your  intervention,  and  produces  a  more  desirable  result  than  if  you  manually  adjusted  the  thermostat  before  leaving  for  the  day  or  after  you  returned.  a  typical  iot  system,  like  the  smart  home  described  above,  works  by  continuously  sending,  receiving,  and  analyzing  data  in  a  feedback  loop.  depending  on  the  kind  of  iot  system,  analysis  can  be  conducted  either  by  humans  or  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  ai/ml,  in  near  realtime  or  over  a  longer  period.  think  of  the  smart  home  example  again.  in  order
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  predict  the  optimal  time  to  control  the  thermostat  before  you  arrive  home,  your  iot  system  might  connect  to  the  google  maps  for  data  about  realtime  traffic  patterns  in  your  area,  as  well  as  utilize  longterm  data  your  car  collects  about  your  commuting  habits.  beyond  that,  iot  data  collected  from  every  smart  thermostat  customer  can  be  analyzed  by  utilities  companies  in  largerscale  optimization  efforts.  as  a  technological  breakthrough,  iot  often  gets  attention  from  a  consumer  pointofview,  where  exciting  new  experiences  with  technologies  like  wearable  smartwatches  are  described  in  relation  to  their  inherent  privacy  and  security  concerns.  this  consumer  perspective  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy probably  important  to  understand  if  youre  thinking  about  adopting  an  enterpriselevel  iot  project,  especially  if  the  end  user  is  the  general  public,  but  youll  also  want  to  read  about  iot  from  the  perspective  of  business  use  cases.  from  the  perspective  of  enterprise  it,  iot  solutions  allow  companies  to  improve  their  existing  systems,  and  also  build  entirely  new  connection  points  to  customers  and  partners.  it  also  brings  with  it  new  it  challenges.  the  volume  of  data  that  is  producible  by  a  system  of  smart  devices  can  be  impressive,  hence  the  name  ,  but  and  setting  up  analytics  to  act  on  it
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  get  complicated.  additionally,  iot  can  be  a  major  consideration  when  deciding  how  open  to  build  an  iot  platform.  still,  for  many  companies,  iot  has  proven  to  be  worth  the  effort,  and  successful  enterprise  iot  use  cases  can  be  found  in  nearly  every  industry.  :  imagine  the  lifecycle  of  heavy  machinery  used  on  a  construction  site.  different  human  operators  may  put  different  levels  of  stress  on  the  equipment  over  time,  and  breakdowns  for  any  number  of  reasons  are  an  expected  part  of  operations.  now  consider  the  implementation  of  specialized  sensors  to  those  parts  of  the  machinery  that  are  most  prone
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  breakage  and  overuse.  not  only  are  sensors  like  this  used  for  predictive  maintenance  and  to  improve  human  proficiency  an  example  of  realtime  data  collection  and  analysis,  but  also  to  feed  data  back  to  the  factory  where  engineers  can  improve  new  model  designs  an  example  of  longerterm  data  analysis.  :  iot  has  revolutionized  farming  in  a  number  of  ways,  including  through  the  use  of  moisture  sensors.  by  installing  an  array  of  moisture  sensors  across  their  fields,  farmers  are  now  able  to  receive  more  accurate  data  to  predict  when  to  irrigate  their  crops.  iot  can  also  be  taken  a  step  further
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  this  use  case,  where  moisture  sensors  are  connected  to  iot  applications  controlling  the  irrigation  machinery  itself,  automatically  triggering  irrigation  based  on  sensor  data,  all  without  the  need  for  human  intervention.  :  one  of  the  first  implementations  of  iot  in  the  logistics  and  transportation  industry  involved  labelling  shipping  containers  with  radiofrequency  identification  rfid  devices.  these  simple  labels  store  digital  data  that  can  be  captured  by  a  reader  through  radio  waves  as  long  as  the  rfid  is  within  a  certain  distance  of  a  reader.  at  first,  this  allowed  logistics  companies  to  track  when  containers  arrived  at  certain  checkpoints  where  rfid  readers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy were  installed,  like  a  warehouse  or  shipping  yard.  advancements  in  iot  have  now  led  to  batterypowered  smart  tracking  devices  to  replace  rfid,  though.  these  devices  can  transmit  data  continuously  to  iot  applications  without  the  need  for  onsite  readers,  meaning  companies  can  analyze  realtime  data  for  a  shipment  across  every  stretch  of  the  supply  chain.  what  makes  a  smartphone  smart?  the  obvious  answer  is  that  it  includes  a  computer  processor  and  associated  hardware  that  allows  the  phone  to  display  a  graphical  interface,  run  an  operating  system,  connect  to  the  internet,  run  apps,  and  so  on.  the  answer  is  similar  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thermostat  in  the  smart  home  example  abovethe  thermostat  is  smart  because  it  includes  a  computer  system  that  can  receive  and  transfer  data  without  human  intervention.  in  the  realm  of  iot,  the  ability  of  devices  to  utilize  compute  power  is  becoming  increasingly  valuable  as  a  means  to  rapidly  analyze  data  in  realtime,  and  for  good  reason.  simply  sending  or  receiving  data  can  be  an  important  step  in  an  iot  solution,  but  sending,  receiving,  and  analyzing  data  together  with  iot  applications  opens  up  many  more  possibilities.  consider  the  rfid  example  in  the  logistics  and  transportation  industry.  this  early  iot  device  stores  digital
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  that  it  sends  to  a  reader  device  through  the  use  of  radio  waves.  that  reader  device  can  receive  the  radio  waves  and  then  make  the  information  available  for  analysis,  but  communication  between  the  rfid  and  reader  is  always  one  way.  the  rfid  device  cannot  itself  receive  updates  from  the  reader,  just  as  the  reader  cannot  transfer  data  or  instructions  back  to  the  rfid.  this  limits  the  container  tracking  to  checkins  at  certain  locations,  rather  than  continuous  monitoring.  but  what  if  the  iot  device  tracking  the  containers  could  coordinate  with  iot  sensors  installed  in  a  driverless  vehicle  transporting  them,  all
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  to  a  data  analytics  system  managed  by  the  logistics  company?  to  achieve  this  iot  scenario,  the  logistics  company  would  need  a  lot  of  compute  power  available  in  the  physical  iot  devices,  especially  the  driverless  car.  rather  than  being  simple  sending  and  receiving  devicesalways  waiting  for  instructions  from  a  centralized  data  center  over  wifithe  iot  devices  would  themselves  need  to  process  data  and  make  decisions.  this  implementation  of  compute  power  closer  to  the  outer  edges  of  a  network,  rather  than  at  a  centralized  data  center,  is  known  as  .  in  a  cloud  computing  model,  compute  resources  and  services  are  often
__label__controloptimizationautonomy centralized  at  large  datacenters,  which  are  accessed  by  end  users  at  the  edge  of  a  network.  this  model  has  proven  cost  advantages  and  more  efficient  resource  sharing  capabilities.  however,  new  forms  of  enduser  experiences  like  iot  need  compute  power  closer  to  where  a  physical  device  or  data  source  actually  exists,  i.e.  at  the  networks  edge.  in  response  to  this,  edge  computing  refers  to  a  model  that  distributes  compute  resources  out  to  the  edge  of  a  network  when  necessary,  while  continuing  to  centralize  resources  in  a  cloud  model  when  possible.  it  is  a  solution  to  the  problem  of  needing  to  quickly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy provide  actionable  insights  based  on  timesensitive  data.  coordinating  a  fleet  of  driverless  vehicles  transporting  containers  with  smart  tracking  devices  is  a  flashy  example,  but  there  are  many  smaller,  more  practical  implementations  as  well.  consider  the  construction  site  again.  perhaps  this  company  has  also  developed  a  bluetooth  enabled  tool  at  a  job  site  sending  data  through  workers  smartphones,  which  helps  the  company  track  it  for  loss  prevention.  but  now  imagine  10  employees  working  around  that  device  all  day,  so  that  their  smartphones  are  constantly  pinging  the  server  to  indicate  where  the  tool  is.  obviously,  this  redundant  server  activity  can  overload  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy companys  system.  by  developing  iot  applications  that  can  be  run  on  the  workers  smartphones,  though,  they  can  essentially  push  the  intelligence  to  the  smartphonesto  the  networks  edgeto  analyze  and  reduce  unnecessary  server  pings.  red  hat  amqbased  on  open  source  communities  like  apache  activemq  and  is  a  flexible  messaging  platform  that  delivers  information  reliably,  enabling  realtime  integration.  itprovides  remote  service  interfaces  for  connecting  large  numbers  of  iot  devices  to  a  messaging  back  end.  red  hat  fuse  is  a  distributed,  cloudnative  integration  platform.  itsdistributed  approach  allows  teams  to  deploy  integrated  services  where  required.  the  apicentric,  containerbased  architecture  decouples  services  so  they  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  created,  extended,  and  deployed  independently.  were  the  worlds  leading  provider  of  enterprise  open  source  solutions,  using  a  communitypowered  approach  to  deliver  highperforming  linux,  cloud,  container,  and  kubernetes  technologies.  we  help  you  standardize  across  environments,  develop  cloudnative  applications,  and  integrate,  automate,  secure,  and  manage  complex  environments  with  awardwinning  support,  training,  and  consulting  services.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  david  jirku,  consulting  se,  iot,  cisco,  presented  the  101  use  cases  for  iot  at  cisco  connect  toronto  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped  this  slide  to  already.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brought  to  you  by  the  internet  has  had  a  tremendous  impact  on  our  routine  life.  recent  developments  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  technology  have  brought  several  issues  to  fore.  iot  is  a  new  emerging  technology  in  which  the  electronic  devices  communicate  through  the  medium  of  the  internet  for  remote  sensing  and  control.  iot  is  not  a  single  technology;  rather  it  is  the  convergence  of  heterogeneous  technologies  pertaining  to  different  engineering  domains.  prominent  technologies  include  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  networking  and  communication,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn,  realtime  systems  rts,  cloud  computing,  etc.  in  establishing  communication  between  devices,  iot  exposes  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy many  challenges  on  account  of  the  diversity  of  devices,  energy,  and  power  constraints,  noise,  and  interference,  stringent  requirement  of  timeliness,  etc.  though  several  researchers  have  attempted  addressing  these  challenges  in  iot,  more  research  is  still  required  for  the  complete  transition  from  internet  protocol  version  4  ipv4,  developed  in  1981  to  ipv6,  developed  in  2008.  researchers  need  to  focus  on  increasing  the  address  space  to  cater  to  unlimited  things  on  our  planet,  evolving  set  of  standards  for  uniformity  and  developing  new  energy  sources  for  powering  every  single  sensor.  till  date,  research  has  focused  on  evolving  design  strategies  for  energy  autonomy  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy electronic  devices  deployed  in  iot,  so  as  to  enable  selfpowering  of  a  device,  in  absence  of  dc  supply.  present  work  reviews  research  on  implementable  methods  of  energy  autonomy,  reported  in  the  recent  literature  during  2010  to  2018,  so  as  to  identify  immediate  issues  to  be  addressed  and  new  directions  to  be  explored  for  enhancing  energy  autonomy  of  devices  deployed  in  iot.  the  conclusions  of  the  work  will  be  useful  for  researchers  engaged  with  addressing  issues  in  energy  optimization  in  various  domains  of  iot.  also,  the  conclusions  will  be  of  interest  to  business  personnel,  sponsoring  government  agencies,  agencies  for  standardization  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy performance  and  academicians  engaged  in  the  development  of  iot.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy job  description  arc  intern:  autonomous  iot  device  development  and  optimization  parc  seeks  an  intern  to  work  on  the  development  and  optimization  of  iot  device  data  collection  and  energy  usage.  the  intern  should  have  an  electrical  engineering,  computer  science,  computer  engineering,  or  similar  background  with  a  focus  on  lowpower  sensing.  applicants  should  be  working  towards  a  bs,  ms  or  phd  in  electrical  engineering,  physics  or  related  field.  applicants  must  possess  at  least  a  majority  of  the  following  qualifications:  experience  creating  bench  top  characterization  platforms  for  understanding  power  consumption  in  electronic  devices.  an  interest  in  developing  longlifetime  iot  devices  for  use  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy harsh  environments.  experience  characterizing  and  optimizing  solar/battery  powered  iot  devices  operation.  experience  investigating  methods  of  evaluating  the  impact  of  code  changes  on  device  lifetime.  ability  to  read  schematics  and  data  sheets  proficient  coding  in  python  and/or  embedded  code  development.  experience  in  pcb  design,  layout  and  assembly  proficient  in  data  analysis/statistical  evaluation  of  device  performance  characteristics  parc,  a  xerox  company,  is  in  the  business  of  breakthroughs.  practicing  open  innovation,  we  provide  custom  rd  services,  technology,  expertise,  best  practices,  and  intellectual  property  to  fortune  500  and  global  1000  companies,  startups,  and  government  agencies  and  partners.  we  create  new  business  options,  accelerate  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  market,  augment  internal  capabilities,  and  reduce  risk  for  our  clients.  since  its  inception,  parc  has  pioneered  many  technology  platforms  from  the  ethernet  and  laser  printing  to  the  gui  and  ubiquitous  computing  and  has  enabled  the  creation  of  many  industries.  incorporated  as  an  independent,  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  xerox  in  2002,  parc  today  continues  the  research  that  enables  breakthroughs  for  our  clients  businesses.  parc  is  an  equal  opportunity  employer  and  considers  applicants  for  all  positions  without  regard  to  race,  color,  religion  or  belief,  sex,  age,  national  origin,  citizenship  status,  marital  status,  military/veteran  status,  genetic  information,  sexual  orientation,  gender  identity,  physical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  mental  disability  or  any  other  characteristic  protected  by  applicable  laws.  people  with  disabilities  who  need  a  reasonable  accommodation  to  apply  or  compete  for  employment  with  parc  should  contact  parc  human  resources.  2019  regents  of  the  university  of  california.  all  rights  reserved
__label__controloptimizationautonomy during  the  midtwentieth  century,  dr.  sam  gibbs  developed  math  that  continues  today  to  serve  as  the  basis  for  the  downhole  monitoring  and  control  of  many  wells.  however,  analytical  methods  based  on  this  calculation,  including  wave  equation  techniques,  assume  vertical,  singlewell  pads  with  little  to  no  side  loading.  modern  ep  development  has  shifted  to  multiwell  horizontal  well  pads  with  shallow  kickoffs  uphole  and  backbuilds  downhole  with  high  dogleg  severity,  which  causes  high  friction  and  dynamic  conditions  in  the  pumping  system.  the  gibbs  wave  equation  and  fillage  calculation  do  not  take  into  account  key  wellbore  forces  such  as  mechanical  or  coulomb  friction
__label__controloptimizationautonomy arising  from  rod  on  tubing  wear  due  to  deviation  in  the  well.  friction  due  to  deviation  can  result  in  downhole  dynamometer  card  shapes  that  distort  fillage  calculations  and  downhole  card  analysis.  additionally,  most  rod  pump  control  systems  are  based  on  programmable  logic  control  systems  plc.  plc  systems  are  simple  to  program  but  are  limited  in  their  computation  capabilities  and  are  unable  to  accommodate  sophisticated  mathematics.  increased  computational  capabilities  are  required  to  execute  higherorder  mathematics  that  accurately  calculate  downhole  parameters  and  enable  well  autonomy.  one  approach  to  driving  autonomous  well  classification  and  optimization  of  setpoints  is  the  deployment  of  a  system
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  is  capable  of  realtime  analysis  and  higherorder  mathematics.  an  internet  of  things  iot  device  with  highperformance  computational  capabilities  and  direct  communication  with  a  cloudbased  analytics  software  platform  was  developed  with  the  capabilities  to  execute  higherorder  mathematics,  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  on  high  resolution  data,  sampled  in  realtime  from  the  rod  pump  control  system.  equinor  deployed  this  technology  on  50  wells  in  the  bakken.  the  50  wells  chosen  are  highly  representative  of  typical  bakken  horizontal  wells.  the  device  was  connected  into  the  legacy  rod  pump  controller  via  modbus  connection.  immediate  differences  in  key  downhole  parameters  were  observed  when  comparing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  results  from  the  traditional  rod  pump  controller  to  the  iot  device.  the  higheraccuracy  physicsbased  inputs  feed  into  machine  learning  algorithms,  which  dynamically  classify  wells  into  key  operating  states  of  underpumping,  overpumping,  and  dialed  in.  using  improved  downhole  information,  equinor  was  able  to  automate  well  optimization  setpoint  decisions,  resulting  in  reduced  well  volatility,  better  pump  efficiency,  and  increased  pump  fillage.  equinor  was  able  to  achieve  these  improvements  while  maintaining  production  in  all  cases.  by  identifying  wells  that  were  overpumping  and  underpumping  to  optimize  spm  setpoints,  equinor  was  able  to  achieve  higher  efficiency  outcomes  with  equal  or  increased  production.  for  wells
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  were  underpumping,  equinor  was  able  to  increase  oil  production  by  up  to  33.  for  wells  that  were  overpumping,  equinor  was  able  to  decrease  the  number  of  strokes  by  11  and  increase  pump  efficiency  by  14.  file  size  number  of  pages  bruleacute;,  m.  r.  2015,  march  3.  the  data  reservoir:  how  big  data  technologies  advance  data  management  and  analytics  in  eamp;p.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  gibbs,  s.  g.  1992,  july  1.  design  and  diagnosis  of  deviated  rodpumped  wells.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  gibbs,  s.  g.  1982,  december  1.  a  review  of  methods  for  design  and  analysis  of  rod
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pumping  installations.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  everitt,  t.  a.,  amp;  jennings,  j.  w.  1992,  february  1.  an  improved  finitedifference  calculation  of  downhole  dynamometer  cards  for  suckerrod  pumps.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  lea,  j.  f.,  pattillo,  p.  d.,  amp;  studenmund,  w.  r.  1995,  february  1.  interpretation  of  calculated  forces  on  sucker  rods.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  pons,  v.  m.  2014,  october  6.  optimal  stress  calculations  for  suckerrod  pumping  systems.  society  of  petroleum  engineers.  doi:  sucker  rod  pumping  handbook,  chapter  4,  gabor  takacs,  2015  website:lsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  reliability,  maintainability  amp;  risk,  appendix  6.  7th  edition.  smith,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy david,  2005  aviation  maintenance  technician  handbook,  chapter  14  human  factors,  federal  aviation  administration,  2018  after  the  fall:  the  costs,  causes  amp;  consequences  of  unplanned  downtime,  white  paper,  vanson  bourne,  2017  giguere,  gyslain  amp;  love,  bradley  2013,  may  7.  limits  in  decision  making  arise  from  limits  in  memory  retrieval.  proceedings  of  the  national  academy  of  science.  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:lsquo;  quot;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  website:rsquo;  rsquo;  looking  for  more?  some  of  the  onepetro  partner  societies  have  developed  subject  specific  wikis  that  may  help.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy aiot  is  an  epsrc  funded  3year  project  investigating  interaction  mechanisms  for  an  autonomous  internet  of  things  iot.  an  autonomous  iot  actively  manages  data  and  decisions  on  behalf  of  users,  drawing  upon  machine  learning  techniques  and  optimization  algorithms.  however,  it  is  critical  to  still  allow  users  to  make  informed  choices  about  their  general  needs  and  comfort.  nascent  instantiations  of  the  aiot  range  from  smart  thermostats  that  learn  to  autonomously  control  central  heating  systems  based  on  the  presence  of  users  and  their  routine,  to  washing  machines  that  order  detergent  for  delivery  when  it  runs  out.  but  how  should  interactions  with  autonomous  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  engineered  to  support  users  daily  activities?  to  what  extent  may  users  be  willing  to  delegate  agency  to  aiot  systems  in  everyday  contexts?  these  are  some  of  the  key  questions  our  project  aims  to  address.  the  overall  objective  is  to  establish  the  scientific  underpinnings  of  user  interactions  with  autonomous  iot  aiot  systems,  in  a  domestic  everyday  context,  with  the  aim  of  explicating  the  following  research  questions:  to  what  extent  may  users  bewilling  to  delegate  agency  to  aiot  systems;  how  should  interactions  with  aiot  systems  be  engineered  to  support  rather  than  hinder  users  daily  activities;  how  should  intelligent  agents  be  designed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  manage  such  aiot  systems?  in  particular,  the  project  objectives  are  to:  aiot  is  supported  a  grant  from  the  .  university  college  london  university  of  nottingham  university  of  southampton  for  more  information,  please  contact  .  university  of  nottingham  school  of  computer  science  nottingham,  ng8  1bb  44  0  115  846  6780  with  the  university  of  nottingham  through  social  media  and  our  .  browser  does  not  support  script.  browser  does  not  support  script.  browser  does  not  support  script.  browser  does  not  support  script.  browser  does  not  support  script.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy spectacular  advances  in  technology  have  introduced  increasingly  complex  and  large  scale  computer  and  communication  systems.  autonomic  computing  has  been  proposed  as  a  grand  challenge  that  will  allow  systems  to  selfmanage  this  complexity,  using  highlevel  objectives  and  policies  defined  by  humans.  internet  of  things  iot  will  exponentially  increase  the  scale  and  the  complexity  of  existing  computing  and  communication  systems;  the  autonomy  is  thus  an  imperative  property  for  iot  systems.  however,  there  is  still  a  lack  of  research  on  new  techniques  adapted  to  the  iot  context  or  on  how  to  adapt  and  tailor  existing  research  on  autonomic  computing  to  the  specific  characteristics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iot  such  as  high  dynamicity  and  distribution,  realtime  nature,  resources  constraints,  and  lossy  environments.  following  the  successful  first  edition  of  the  selfiot  workshop  held  in  conjunction  with  the  icac  12,  icac  13  will  host  this  special  track  on  selfaware  internet  of  things  that  aims  at  drawing  the  attention  of  both  iot  and  autonomic  computing  communities  to  the  emerging  needs  and  challenges  for  selfaware  iot.  the  main  goal  is  to  gather  different  scientific  communities  from  academy  and  industry  under  one  common  objective:  realizing  plugnplay,  contextaware  and  autonomous  internet  of  things  that  will  be  selfconfigured,  selforganized,  selfoptimized  and  selfhealed  without  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  minimum  human  intervention.  the  selfiot  track  welcomes  original  research  papers  related  to  selfmanagement  in  iot.  besides  theoretical  aspects,  selfiot  is  also  interested  in  practical  results  of  selfmanagement  in  iot  applications.  the  nonexclusive  list  of  topics  of  interest  is  as  follows:  the  selfiot  track  is  sponsored  by  three  european  projects  on  iot:  ,  ,  and  ranganai  chaparadza,  ipv6  forum  etsi  afi,  germany  suparna  de,  university  of  surrey,  united  kingdom  joerg  denzinger,  university  of  calgary,  canada  khalil  drira,  laascnrs,  france  erol  gelenbe,  imperial  college  london,  united  kingdom  raffaele  giaffreda,  createnet,  italy  hiroyuki  maeomichi,  ntt,  japan  thierry  monteil,  laascnrs,  france  jorge  pereira
__label__controloptimizationautonomy carlos,  atos,  spain  davy  preuveneers,  ku  leuven,  belgium  romain  rouvoy,  inria,  france  eric  rutten,  inria,  france  nicolas  sabouret,  lip6,  france  kenji  tei,  nii,  japan  ralf  toenjes,  university  of  applied  sciences  osnabrck,  germany  takuro  yonezawa,  keio  university,  japan  rui  zhang,  parc,  usa  usenix
__label__controloptimizationautonomy authors:  marc  higgins,  philipp  sandner  download  the  article  as  pdf  file  .  more  information  about  the  the  frankfurt  school  blockchain  center  on  the  internet  ,  on  twitter  or  on  facebook  .  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  process  automatization  will  revolutionize  many  industrial  and  consumer  business  applications.  the  term  internet  of  things  describes  network  connectivity  and  computing  capability  extended  to  objects,  sensors  and  everyday  items,  normally  not  to  be  considered  as  computers  rose,  eldridge,  chapin,  2015.  as  a  result,  these  devices  can  generate,  exchange  and  consume  data  with  minimal  or  no  human  intervention.  machines  can  connect  directly  to  the  internet
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  therefore  participate  by  themselves  in  an  independent  ecosystem  christidis  devetsikiotis,  2016.  an  electric  car  sensor,  for  example,  could  detect  and  connect  to  an  inductive  charge  pole  under  the  road.  it  searches  for  the  cheapest  electricity  contract  and  automatically  starts  the  charging  process.  as  soon  as  the  car  leaves  the  charging  pole,  the  car  sensor  automatically  conducts  the  payment  slock.it,  2017.  it  is  estimated  that  there  will  be  more  than  75.4  billion  iot  devices  by  2025,  giving  the  leeway  for  various  new  developments  like  autonomous  machines  or  swarm  robotics  statista,  2016.  however,  the  lack  of  decentralized  control  and  collective  behavior
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hinder  the  evolution  into  realworld  practice  castello  ferrer,  2017.  blockchain  technology,  for  the  first  time  in  history,  enables  various  nontrusting  members  to  interact  with  each  other  through  a  peertopeer  network  in  a  secure  and  verifiable  manner.  these  disruptive  characteristics  attract  a  lot  of  curiosity  throughout  various  industries  voshmgir,  2016.  transactions  which  were  formerly  only  possible  through  intermediary  oversight  can  now  be  conducted  in  a  decentralized  consensus  finding  network.  smart  contracts  specify  a  set  of  promises,  digitally,  in  a  protocol  that  automatically  executes  the  terms  of  the  contract  szabo,  1996.  combining  blockchain  technology  with  the  idea  of  smart  contracts  becomes  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy powerful  technology  which  can  transform  simple  sensors  into  decentralized  autonomous  corporations  dacs.  dacs  can  make  independent  decisions  and  interact  autonomously  in  a  person  to  machine  p2m  and  machine  to  machine  m2m  network.  the  consensus  finding  characteristic  of  blockchain  technology  and  the  possibility  of  selfexecuting  programme  code  make  the  technology  appealing  to  scientific  research  and  iot  developers.  in  the  current  stage,  business  is  most  often  conducted  through  an  intermediate  party  which  guarantees  a  trustworthy  environment  for  person  to  person  p2p  and  p2m  transactions.  the  abovementioned  technology  has  the  potential  to  entirely  revolutionize  the  way  of  conducting  transactions  securely  through  smart  contracts
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  a  trustless  peertopeer  network  with  people  and  machines  as  independent  actors.  due  to  the  novelty  and  technical  complexity  of  blockchain  technology,  this  study  first  outlines  the  shortcomings  of  blockchain  technology  and  describes  further  developments  of  the  distributed  ledger  technology  see  section  understanding  blockchain  technology.  secondly,  a  theoretical  model  for  an  iot  sensor  device  taxonomy  is  set  up,  that  builds  upon  established  theories  see  section  internet  of  things  analysis  and  categorization.  subsequently,  a  new  framework  for  an  iot  business  model  is  presented,  overcoming  the  proposed  iot  barriers  by  utilizing  the  described  blockchain  characteristics  see  section  iot  blockchain  business  model.  finally,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  theoretical  and  practical  implications  are  summarized  in  the  conclusion.  blockchain  technology  was  first  introduced  by  satoshi  nakamoto  in  2008  in  his  whitepaper  bitcoin:  a  peertopeer  electronic  cash  system.  he  developed  a  decentralized  peertopeer  network  in  which  an  online  currency,  the  bitcoin,  is  maintained  without  any  backing  from  a  central  authority.  his  idea  included  a  distributed  authoritative  ledger,  in  which  all  transactions  are  mutually  validated  by  a  peertopeer  network  socalled  miners  to  establish  a  secure,  consenting  environment  and  eliminate  the  double  spending  of  money  by  one  party  nakamoto,  2008.  since  then,  blockchain  technology  has  evolved  into  the  development  of  distributed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ledger  technology.  a  distributed  ledger  is  a  consensus  replicate  of  an  asset  database,  which  is  shared  and  synchronized  across  a  peertopeer  network  of  multiple  sites,  geographies  or  institutions  walport,  2016.  in  a  blockchain  cryptographically  secured  algorithms  enable  transactions  to  be  aggregated  into  blocks  which  are  irrevocably  attached  to  the  blockchain,  serving  as  a  distributed  ledger.  the  peertopeer  network  consists  of  socalled  computing  nodes  which  replicate  and  share  the  blockchain  data  structure  throughout  the  network  rosic,  2017.  the  network  is  open  source  and  therefore  accessible  for  everyone  who  wants  to  participate  as  well  as  providing  resilience  against  attacks  and  system  failures.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy all  transactions  are  verified  and  approved  by  the  consensus  mechanism  of  the  network  in  order  to  prevent  payment  fraud.  additionally,  the  chronology  of  events  is  stored  in  the  blocks,  leaving  a  public  transaction  trace  on  the  network  takahashi,  2017.  these  fundamental  characteristics  of  the  decentralized  peertopeer  network,  enable  secure  trustless  transactions  between  unknown  parties  without  the  oversight  of  a  central  intermediary.  moreover,  blockchain  technology  can  also  be  used  for  a  secure  transfer  of  any  other  digitalized  good,  besides  cryptocurrencies.  however,  the  distributed  blockchain  technology  also  comes  with  some  disadvantages  to  conventional  centralized  transaction  platforms.  the  current  blockchain  networks  have  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lower  transaction  throughput  and  higher  latencies  for  transaction  settlements,  compared  to  centralized  platforms  vukoli,  2015.  bitcoin  and  ethereum,  for  example,  have  a  transaction  validation  rate  of  34  and  20  transactions  per  second,  while  visa,  as  one  of  the  largest  transaction  settlement  providers,  can  handle  up  to  56,000  transactions  per  second  vermeulen,  2017.  furthermore,  the  computational  work  for  the  consensus  mechanism  requires  large  amounts  of  energy  which  are  compensated  with  transaction  fees.  additionally,  the  transference  of  large  data  amounts,  via  the  distributed  network,  clog  the  blockchain  nodes.  lastly,  the  identification  mechanism  via  the  public/private  key,  which  can  be  observed  publicly  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  blockchain,  enables  inferences  about  the  users  identity.  these  technical  conditions  hinder  the  blockchain  dissemination  into  realworld  practices  and  require  further  developments  of  distributed  ledger  technologies,  which  are  outlined  in  the  chapter  evolutions  of  blockchain  technology.  internet  protocols  like  http  and  ip  for  internet  communication  or  smtp  for  email  services  have  been  providing  a  free  infrastructure  for  online  applications  throughout  history.  current  internet  business  models  built  their  applications  and  services  on  top  of  these  free  to  use  protocols.  the  application  layer  captures  all  the  created  value,  while  the  protocol  itself  solely  serves  as  a  free  infrastructure  layer.  therefore,  these  protocols
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  be  specified  as  thinprotocols  monegro,  2016.  blockchain  technology  is  a  decentralized  protocol  technology  that  rewards  and  motivates  the  user  for  their  usage  and  computing  power  with  cryptographic  tokens.  these  new  generations  of  protocols  are  referred  to  as  fatprotocols  monegro,  2016.  blockchain  protocols  can  be  open  source,  allowing  anyone  to  use  them  as  application  infrastructure.  in  comparison  to  thinprotocol  applications,  most  of  the  value  is  now  captured  by  the  protocol  and  not  the  application  layer  mckie,  2017.  users  need  protocol  tokens  as  digital  assets  to  access  and  transfer  value  through  the  blockchain  network.  the  token  gains  value  due  to  increasing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy demand  if  the  protocol  is  commonly  used,  rewarding  early  adopters.  for  example,  in  the  bitcoin  and  ethereum  network,  these  tokens  are  simply  called  bitcoin  and  ether  respectively.  a  suitable  analogy  for  all  tokens  is  a  paid  api  key  srinivasan,  2017.  with  a  purchase  of  a  token,  the  user  can  redeem  access  to  the  protocol  or  application.  this  redemption  value  gives  the  token  inherent  utility.  in  contrast  to  a  paid  api  key,  tokens  can  also  be  transferred  to  other  parties  without  the  consent  of  the  issuer.  in  general,  tokens  can  be  categorized  into  1st  and  2nd  layer  tokens,  varying  in  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy underlying  blockchains  and  codebase  srinivasan,  2017.  the  native  token  currency  of  a  blockchain  based  fatprotocol  is  the  1st  layer  token,  in  which  the  transaction  fee  on  the  blockchain  is  paid  e.g.,  bitcoin,  ethereum.  the  miners  in  the  blockchain  network,  validating  the  transactions,  are  also  rewarded  in  the  native  cryptocurrency.  the  overall  supply  of  the  1st  layer  token  of  a  blockchain  protocol  is  mathematically  controlled  depending  on  the  consensus  mechanism.  1st  layer  tokens  can  be  created  in  three  different  ways  mckie,  2017:  tokens  based  on  new  chains  and  forked  code:  a  new  blockchain  is  created  with  a  modification  of  an  existing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blockchain  protocol  code.  tokens  based  on  new  chains  and  new  code:  a  new  blockchain  protocol  is  created  with  a  new  codebase.  tokens  based  on  forked  chains  and  forked  code:  an  existing  blockchain  is  used  and  continued  with  a  new  or  modified  codebase.  often  blockchains  with  a  1st  layer  token,  allow  the  creation  of  2nd  layer  tokens.  tokens  issued  on  top  of  an  existing  blockchain  are  known  as  2nd  layer  tokens.  the  founder  of  the  underlying  application  usually  determines  the  supply  of  these  tokens  and  is  not  determined  by  the  cryptographic  mining  activity  mckie,  2017.  these  tokens  are  a  sort  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy public  i  owe  you  iou  intended  for  redemption  in  a  future  new  chain  or  other  digital  good.  2nd  layer  tokens  can  be  premined  or  sold  in  a  crowdsale.  premining  refers  to  the  allocation  of  tokens  to  the  creators  and  related  parties.  the  crowdsale,  also  known  as  initial  coin  offering  ico,  can  be  compared  to  crowdfunding.  internet  users  pay  for  a  key  to  use  a  specific  application  or  protocol,  which  is  often  in  its  very  early  development  stage.  the  earned  money  from  a  sold  token  is  received  by  the  company  or  organization  issuing  the  token  swan,  blockchain  blueprint  for  a  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy economy,  2015.  it  is  noteworthy  to  say  an  ico  differs  from  an  equity  sale.  an  equity  sale  underlies  strict  regulatory  requirements  while  a  token  is  only  an  access  key  to  a  protocol  or  application.  therefore,  a  profit  sharing  mechanism  of  an  application  with  its  token  holders  or  the  creation  of  legally  binding  voting  rights  is  with  the  absence  of  compliance  to  regulatory  requirements  impossible.  with  the  development  of  blockchain  technology  and  the  accompanying  value  capturing  mechanism  of  fatprotocols,  new  business  models  can  be  developed  which  can  be  grouped  in  the  following  two  main  categories  mckie,  2017.  in  the  first  business
__label__controloptimizationautonomy model,  a  new  open  source  protocol  is  developed  with  a  native  token  as  currency  1st  layer  token.  this  business  model  aims  at  decentralizing  the  internet  infrastructure  with  all  its  applications.  the  code  is  open  source  and  publicly  available  on  the  blockchain.  participants  and  developers  of  the  protocol  are  rewarded  with  its  cryptocurrency.  if  the  project  is  successful,  demand  for  the  cryptocurrency  increases,  rewarding  early  adopters.  due  to  its  decentralization,  the  project  and  its  business  model  are  owned  by  the  token  holders.  the  level  of  decentralization  can  vary  throughout  the  development  process.  new  blockchain  protocols  can  be  launched  in  a  centralized
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manner  to  convert  them  into  a  decentralized  protocol  mckie,  2017.  if  the  token  is  a  2nd  layer  token  owned  or  issued  by  a  private  company,  then  the  business  model  is  partly  depended  on  a  3rd  party.  the  developed  business  model  supports  the  proliferation  of  other  blockchain  protocols.  the  2nd  layer  token  is  transferable  via  the  decentralized  underlying  blockchain  protocol  and  tradable  on  cryptocurrency  exchanges.  however,  the  overlaying  platform/application  which  the  token  belongs  to  requires  trust  in  3rd  parties.  the  infrastructure  and  application  environment  in  which  the  token  is  used  belongs  to  company  shareholders.  therefore,  the  token  only  serves  its  purpose
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  long  as  the  application  is  not  closed  or  removed  from  the  application.  in  general,  the  token  represents  the  right  to  use  a  specific  application.  if  a  lot  of  users  demands  an  application,  the  2nd  layer  token  will  rise  in  value.  this  means  that  early  adopters  or  users  are  rewarded  with  an  increase  in  their  token  value  mckie,  2017.  these  two  business  models  are  also  known  as  better  than  free  spreading  the  wealth  and  success  to  its  user  base  srinivasan,  2017.  in  the  previous  chapters,  the  basic  ideas  and  mechanisms  behind  blockchain  technology  were  presented  as  well  as  their  shortcomings
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  potential  deployment  on  a  large  scale.  these  shortcomings  led  to  the  development  of  a  new  generation  of  distributed  ledger  technologies  that  are  fast,  feeless  and  minerless  ffm  ryszkiewicz,  2017.  the  most  prominent  one  of  these  new  distributed  ledger  technologies  is  iota,  a  cryptocurrency  designed  for  the  internet  of  things  iota,  2017.  iota  is  a  cryptocurrency  based  on  an  open  source  technology,  which  was  founded  in  2015  with  the  aim  of  serving  the  economy  of  things.  the  open  source  protocol  enables  machine  to  machine  communication  guaranteeing  interoperability,  scalability  and  no  fee  transactions.  the  iota  project  is  led  by  the  iota
__label__controloptimizationautonomy foundation  as  a  registered  notforprofit  entity  gemeinntzige  stiftung  under  german  law  and  is  the  first  german  nonprofit  foundation  capitalized  solely  in  cryptocurrency  iota  tokens  snsteb,  iota  foundation,  2017.  the  iota  team  identified  four  main  weaknesses  of  the  existing  blockchain  technology,  being  scalability,  transaction  fees  as  well  as  high  hardware  and  resource  requirements  schiener,  a  primer  on  iota  with  presentation,  2017.  transaction  validation  takes  too  much  time  with  the  conventional  blockchain  distributed  ledger  technology.  the  reward  system  of  the  high  computational  proofofwork  consensus  mechanism  for  the  network  nodes  aggravates  the  conduction  of  micropayments.  furthermore,  the  proofofwork  requires  a  network  of  enormous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy computational  power,  which  is  vulnerable  to  a  51  attack,  where  someone  supplies  most  of  the  total  networks  computation  capacity.  therefore,  iota  developed  its  own  distributed  ledger  technology,  a  1st  layer  protocol,  called  the  tangle.  in  contrast  to  conventional  blockchain  mechanism,  the  tangle  uses  a  directed  acyclic  graph  dag,  to  validate  transactions  in  the  iota  network  popov,  2017.  every  occurring  transaction  in  iotas  network  needs  to  approve  two  previous  transactions  by  conducting  a  small  amount  of  proofofwork  for  them.  figure  1  shows  a  graphical  interpretation  of  the  tangle.  the  purple  block  symbolizes  a  transaction  in  the  iota  network.  this  transaction  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy verified  directly  or  indirectly  by  subsequent  transactions  indicated  through  the  green  lines.  it  can  be  seen,  that  after  a  few  generations  of  transactions,  the  system  reaches  a  state  in  which  all  new  indirectly  verified  transactions  indirectly  enforce  the  verification  of  the  original  purple  transaction.  the  consensus  mechanism  works  through  the  attachment  of  weights  after  each  conformation.  if  a  transaction  carries  enough  weight,  it  is  labeled  as  confirmed  by  the  network.  the  premise  is  that  the  more  transactions  occur,  the  network  increases  in  speed  and  security  popov,  2017.  one  significant  difference  between  the  iota  tangle  and  conventional  blockchains  is  the  parallelization
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  validation,  increasing  transaction  throughput.  furthermore,  the  iota  consensus  mechanism  removes  the  arbitrary  time  interval  of  a  block  creation,  allowing  asynchronous  settlement  iota  support,  2017.  besides,  it  is  possible  for  branches  to  break  off  the  network  and  propagate  their  transactions  once  they  reconnect  to  the  network,  enabling  offline  transactions.  this  is  a  crucial  feature  for  iot  because  it  cannot  be  guaranteed  that  iot  devices  maintain  internet  connectivity  at  all  times  schiener,  a  primer  on  iota  with  presentation,  2017.  another  advantage  of  the  iota  protocol  is  masked  authenticated  messaging  mam.  this  unique  feature  allows  the  encryption  of  data  streams  on  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy publicly  available  tangle.  the  mam  can  be  used  in  two  ways,  public  and  private.  for  a  public  message  distribution,  the  key  to  unlock  the  message  is  also  the  address  of  the  message.  in  that  way,  the  message  is  broadcasted  through  the  tangle,  allowing  every  participant  to  see  its  content,  similar  to  a  radio.  if  a  message  is  for  a  private  purpose,  the  message  can  only  be  decrypted  by  parties  provided  with  the  encryption  key,  preserving  privacy  and  data  integrity  handy,  2017.  another  advantage  of  iota  is  the  deployment  of  flash  channels.  some  use  cases  require  rapid  and  high  throughput  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy transactions.  this  is  realized  through  the  setup  of  an  offtangle  payment  channel  which  provides  a  way  to  transact  at  high  frequency  without  the  need  of  validations  through  the  iota  network.  these  offtangle  payment  channels  open  the  possibility  for  instant  and  feeless  transactions  of  token  and  datastreams.  flash  channels  work  as  follows.  each  of  the  participants  deposits  an  equal  amount  of  iota  into  a  multisignature  address,  which  is  controlled  by  the  participating  users.  once  the  network  confirms  the  initial  deposits,  the  channel  does  not  require  further  network  interaction  until  it  is  closed.  the  parties  can  conduct  multiple  transactions  while  the  flash
__label__controloptimizationautonomy channel  keeps  track  of  the  balances.  when  the  parties  are  finished,  the  final  balance  is  validated  through  the  iota  tangle,  reducing  thousands  of  transactions  to  two  transactions  freiberg,  2017.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  the  result  of  major  advancements  in  technology  and  network  infrastructure.  wireless  internet  connectivity  with  ip  technology  as  a  global  standard  became  ubiquitous  available.  as  moores  law  predicted,  computing  power  increased  at  a  lower  price  and  lower  power  consumption  koomey,  2013.  miniaturization  allowed  computers  to  be  implemented  into  tiny  objects  and  advances  in  data  analytics  and  cloud  computing  allow  a  consolidated  analysis  of  data.  these  developments
__label__controloptimizationautonomy encourage  the  continuous  development  of  internet  connectivity  and  computing  power  to  a  variety  of  objects,  devices,  sensors  and  everyday  items  not  ordinarily  considered  to  be  computers,  known  as  the  internet  of  things  rose,  eldridge,  chapin,  2015.  it  is  estimated  by  the  international  data  corporation  idc  that  by  2020,  the  iot  network  will  consist  of  more  than  29  billion  connected  devices  business  wire,  2013.  the  internet  traffic  of  iot  devices  will  make  up  to  70  of  the  total  internet  traffic  cisco,  2015.  global  economists  expect  that  data  generated  through  the  iot  will  drive  the  economic  value  of  more  than  11  trillion
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  2025  manyika  et  al.,  2015.  this  makes  iot  one  of  the  most  significant  and  disruptive  developments  of  our  time,  affecting  the  world  environment  in  every  aspect.  a  sensor  network  of  interconnected  things  can  achieve  a  much  higher  information  collection  of  our  world,  which  will  result  in  detailed  knowledge,  improving  efficiencies  and  delivering  advanced  services  in  a  wide  range  of  applications  dorri,  kanhere,  jurdak,  2016.  iot  shifts  the  traditional  human  to  human  p2p  interaction  model  towards  a  human  to  machine  interaction  p2m  and  enables  a  machine  to  machine  communication  m2m.  however,  the  invisible  pervasive  collection,  analysis,  and  dissemination  of  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  all  aspects  of  the  peoples  lives,  as  well  as  the  coordination  of  millions  of  sensor  devices,  raises  key  challenges  around  iot  that  have  to  be  resolved.  security,  privacy,  interoperability,  and  standards  as  well  as  legal  frameworks,  are  the  main  challenges  of  a  further  iot  development  perera,  zaslavsky,  christen,  georgakopoulous,  2014.  data  collected  from  various  sources,  for  example,  can  be  used  to  offer  a  wide  range  of  personalized  services.  yet  algorithmic  data  analysis  could  also  construct  a  virtual  bibliography  revealing  private  behavior  and  lifestyle  patterns.  in  this  case,  a  sensor  and  its  owner  have  to  be  uniquely  identified  and  authenticated.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  generated  data  has  to  be  traceable  and  secured  against  manipulation  and  theft.  in  addition,  a  micropayment  system  has  to  be  established,  since  not  everybody  is  willing  to  share  their  sensor  data  for  free  noyen,  volland,  wrner,  fleisch,  2014.  therefore,  ibms  institute  for  business  value,  suggests  a  decentralized  architecture  for  a  growing  iot  sensor  device  ecosystem.  from  the  manufacturers  perspective,  it  is  too  expensive  to  maintain  a  centralized  system,  providing  continuous  maintenance  to  every  sensor.  from  the  consumers  perspective,  trust  into  sensor  devices  in  terms  of  data  security  can  only  be  established  through  transparency.  the  abovementioned  issues  can  be  resolved
__label__controloptimizationautonomy through  a  decentralized  blockchain  environment  utilizing  its  core  characteristics  brody  pureswarana,  2014.  blockchain  allows  decentralization  and  openness,  granting  the  owner  control  over  the  sensors  data.  pseudonymous  identification  through  hash  functions  grants  anonymity.  a  peertopeer  network  decreases  fees  and  frictions,  which  result  from  intermediary  participation  and  facilitates  a  micropayment  system.  scriptability  and  cryptographic  verifiability  allow  the  deployment  of  smart  contracts,  putting  iot  applications  and  services  into  a  structured  legal  framework  noyen,  volland,  wrner,  fleisch,  2014.  the  deployment  of  smart  sensor  devices  yields  the  foundation  of  an  iot  economy.  in  the  current  literature,  there  is  no  standardized  classification  of  iot  sensor  devices.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy kortuem  et  al.  2009  were  the  first  to  create  architectural  principles  for  iot  devices  in  an  industrial  environment,  which  can  be  used  to  develop  a  decentralized  system  of  smart  objects.  the  developed  categories  can  be  applied  to  a  broader  range  of  iot  use  cases  and  supplemented  with  the  introduction  of  decentralized  autonomous  corporations  dacs.  kortuem  et  al.  2009  categorized  iot  sensor  devices  into  three  main  architectural  principles:  activityaware  objects,  policyaware  objects  and  processaware  objects  see  figure  2.  each  of  them  represents  a  specific  combination  of  the  three  design  dimensions  awareness,  representation  and  interactivity.  awareness  is  the  sensors  ability  to  understand
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  respond  to  events  occurring  in  reality  sense,  interpret  and  respond.  representation  refers  to  a  sensors  programming  abstractions,  and  interaction  denotes  the  sensors  ability  to  interact  with  the  user  kortuem,  kawsar,  fitton,  sundramoorthy,  2009.  in  the  following  sections,  each  iot  sensor  category  is  analyzed  according  to  their  degree  of  awareness,  representation,  and  interaction  as  well  as  their  usability  in  an  iot  environment.  a  summary  of  the  analysis  is  given  in  table  1.  activityaware  iot  sensor  devices  record  information  about  their  own  usage,  or  about  their  environmental  condition.  they  can  be  characterized  as  follows:  awareness:  activityaware  sensors  understand  event  and  activity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy streams  which  are  directly  affiliated  with  their  utilization  and  their  environment.  representation:  programmed  to  collect  and  aggregate  activitybased  data.  interaction:  activityaware  sensors  interaction  capability  is  limited  to  data  collection,  accessible  via  its  application  programming  interface  api.  activityaware  objects  are  the  most  elementary  form  of  iot  sensor  devices.  they  do  not  include  any  form  of  artificial  intelligence  and  often  serve  as  a  data  collection  mechanism  for  advanced  iot  applications.  recognition  algorithms  detect  activities  or  events  in  the  sensors  data  stream  and  apply  simple  aggregation  functions.  these  aggregated  data  streams  can  be  selected  via  the  sensors  api  to  conduct  further  analysis  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy value  adding  processes.  a  good  example  of  an  activityaware  sensor  is  the  ruuvitag,  an  advanced  opensource  sensor  beacon,  collecting  temperature,  relative  air  humidity,  air  pressure  and  acceleration  ruuvi,  2018.  the  data  collected  by  the  activityaware  ruuvitag  can  be  retrieved  via  its  bluetooth  interface,  enabling  its  owner  to  create  customized  iot  applications  for  a  valueadding  process.  other  activityaware  objects  can  be  rental  devices,  which  detect  the  exact  amount  of  time  the  object  was  used.  this  can  then  be  converted  into  a  financial  figure  to  establish  a  payperuse  business  model.  from  a  technical  perspective,  activityaware  objects  only  collect  sensor  data  and  apply
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applicationspecific  aggregation  functions  kortuem,  kawsar,  fitton,  sundramoorthy,  2009.  policyaware  iot  sensor  devices,  are  similar  to  activityaware  objects  but  can  interpret  the  collected  data  relative  to  predefined  organizational  policies  kortuem,  kawsar,  fitton,  sundramoorthy,  2009.  their  design  elements  are  specified  as  follows:  awareness:  policyaware  sensors  analyze  their  data  in  terms  of  their  predefined  organizational  policy  compliance.  representation:  its  operational  mode  consists  of  rules,  acting  on  the  event  and  activity  streams  according  to  the  organizational  policies.  interactions:  policyaware  sensors  can  provide  contextsensitive  information  about  a  specific  world  condition.  they  can  interact  within  their  predefined  operational  framework.  policyaware  sensors  are  the  second  form  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  sensor  devices.  before  a  policyaware  sensor  can  be  installed,  rules  have  to  be  programmed  and  assigned  to  the  sensor  to  fit  the  specific  use  case.  these  rules  define,  what  actions  or  signals  the  iot  sensor  device  conducts,  after  analyzing  the  collected  data  in  real  time.  the  interaction  with  the  user  can  vary  in  its  design.  possible  interaction  designs  can  range  from  simple  status  information  about  the  object  handling  or  work  activity  to  advanced  warnings  or  shut  down  mechanisms  if  a  process  does  not  comply  with  the  organizational  policy  anymore.  compared  to  activityaware  sensors,  policyaware  iot  sensor  devices  possess  computing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capacity  that  monitors  whether  the  collected  and  aggregated  data  complies  with  the  predefined  organizational  policies.  policyaware  sensors  can  be  applied  to  many  use  cases  in  an  industrial  context.  for  example,  they  can  be  used  for  employee  security,  measuring  the  amount  of  harmful  radiation  in  a  nuclear  power  plant  and  alerting  the  worker,  in  case  the  maximum  healthy  amount  is  reached.  in  a  consumer  context,  an  automated  thermostat  can  adjust  the  room  temperature  in  relation  to  the  outside  temperature  in  order  to  save  energy.  a  policyaware  iot  sensor,  therefore,  has  a  higher  degree  of  awareness,  representation,  and  interaction  compared  to  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy activityaware  iot  sensor  device.  a  processaware  sensor  can  understand  its  role  in  a  large  conglomerate  of  process  steps.  it  knows  its  task  in  time  and  space  in  relation  to  the  process  chain.  its  design  dimensions  have  the  following  specifications:  awareness:  processaware  sensors  understand  the  organizational  process  steps  they  are  part  of  and  relate  to  occurrences  of  realworld  events  within  the  process  chain.  representation:  the  application  model  is  a  contextaware  workflow  model  adapting  its  behavior  based  on  changes  in  the  physical  world,  which  are  often  obtained  from  various  sensor  data.  interactive:  processaware  sensors  can  provide  users  with  the  contextaware  guidance  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tasks,  deadlines,  and  decisions.  a  processaware  sensor  is  the  third  and  most  advanced  category  of  the  conventional  iot  sensor  devices  defined  by  kortuem  et  al.  2009.  it  can  be  deployed  in  complex  situations  where  work  activities  reach  across  different  organizational  and  physical  levels.  a  workflow  is  programmed  into  the  iot  sensor  device  before  the  deployment  into  realworld  practice.  it  then  understands  the  different  work  steps  conducted  by  various  organizational  levels.  the  information  used  to  follow  a  process  is  often  obtained  by  sensors  from  the  previous  two  categories  as  well  as  human  input.  the  sensor  understands  and  interprets  the  input  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  evaluating  it  in  the  process  context.  as  a  result,  it  can  provide  contextsensitive  guidance  about  the  subsequent  process  steps  to  workers  or  even  manage  the  process  itself.  for  example,  in  a  production  scheme,  a  processaware  object,  can  relate  to  realtime  tracking  of  justintime  supply  and  let  the  worker  know  when  he  has  to  prepare  the  next  process  step  in  order  to  minimize  slack  and  idle  time.  another  example  is  that,  consumers  could  use  processaware  cooking  devices,  like  the  thermomix  by  vorwerk,  to  learn  and  improve  various  cooking  steps  for  sophisticated  dishes.  processaware  iot  devices  understand  how  they  are  supposed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  be  used  and  guide  the  users  activities.  in  the  previous  categories,  it  was  shown,  how  iot  sensor  devices  benefit  the  user  and  create  the  opportunity  for  innovative  information  services.  however,  only  autonomous  cooperation  between  iot  sensor  devices  would  facilitate  the  full  potential  of  smart  iot  sensor  devices  kortuem,  kawsar,  fitton,  sundramoorthy,  2009.  blockchain  technology  and  the  deployment  of  smart  contracts  give  rise  to  the  concept  of  distributed  autonomous  corporations  dacs.  dacs  are  derived  from  artificial  intelligence  as  decentralized  corporations,  with  all  the  practical  purposes  of  conventional  corporations  swan,  blockchain  blueprint  for  a  new  economy,  2015.  the  following  characteristics  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy inherent  for  a  dac  swan,  blockchain  thinking:  the  brain  as  a  dac  decentralized  autonomous  organization,  2015.  first,  its  governance  and  functional  principles  are  outlined  publicly  on  the  blockchain.  second,  it  needs  to  raise  funds  to  conduct  its  operations  through,  for  example,  issuing  tokens  in  a  crowdfunding  process.  the  last  characteristic  lies  within  the  decisionmaking  process.  since  dacs  act  autonomously  without  human  intervention,  they  can  make  their  own  decisions.  they  are  required  to  sustain  themselves  by  running  their  own  economy,  to  earn  revenue,  spend  it  on  necessary  expenditures  as  well  as  engaging  in  a  productive  value  creation  process  for  their  customers.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  is  done  through  smart  contracts  relying  on  the  blockchain,  executing  predefined  processes,  depending  on  the  environmental  conditions  of  the  dac  buterin,  2013.  it  is  noteworthy  that  once  a  dac  is  installed  on  the  blockchain,  nobody  owns  it  and  its  completely  independent  of  human  influence.  the  personal  profit  mechanism  of  a  dac  is  a  result  of  its  stake  mechanism  and  has  nothing  to  do  with  its  decentralized  nature  zhang  wen,  2016.  the  economic  entity  contains  a  valuable  internal  property,  which  can  be  distributed  to  various  stakeholders.  the  stake  mechanism,  however,  has  to  be  predefined  in  the  dacs  governance.  these  features
__label__controloptimizationautonomy make  a  dac  distinctively  different  from  a  conventional  software.  in  terms  of  the  previously  used  three  dimensions,  distributed  autonomous  corporations  can  be  described  as  follows:  awareness:  dacs  reconceive  functions  and  operations  of  real  physical  world  businesses,  without  human  intervention  swan,  blockchain  blueprint  for  a  new  economy,  2015.  representation:  the  independent  decisionmaking  process  is  learned  through  the  definition  of  basic  rules  and  automated  through  machine  learning  methods  zhang  wen,  2016.  interaction:  dacs  are  economic  independent  entities,  in  a  distributed  manner  and  selfdetermined  to  finance  their  operations.  they  are  able  of  p2m  and  m2m  interaction  buterin,  2013.  a  dac  can  consist  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy various  sensors  creating  and  analyzing  data.  they  can  independently  connect  to  other  iot  devices,  trading  data,  and  resources.  in  an  industrial  environment,  a  dac  could  operate  an  entire  supply  chain  or  organize  a  warehouse  bahga  madisetti,  2016.  it  buys,  for  example,  market  research  data  or  consumer  consumption  data  provided  by  smart  home  devices,  to  estimate  the  future  demand  for  a  product.  this  demand  estimation  can  be  used  by  the  dac  to  adjust  the  production  capacity  or  the  warehouse  stocking.  in  a  consumer  environment,  people  could  deploy  a  dac  as  a  weather  sensor.  the  sensor  would  buy  its  electricity  demand  via
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  contracts  in  the  blockchain  peertopeer  network  and  sell  its  data  autonomously  to  any  kind  of  consumers  persons  /  iot  sensor  devices.  through  the  growing  presence  of  wifi  and  4glte  wireless  internet  access,  the  development  of  a  ubiquitous  information  and  communication  network  in  the  form  of  iot  sensor  devices  can  be  observed.  this  leaves  the  question  of  how  our  everyday  life  will  be  affected  by  the  iot  development.  gubbi  et  al.  2013  from  the  university  of  melbourne  categorized  iot  applications  into  four  domains,  namely  personal  and  home,  enterprise,  utilities,  and  mobile  in  which  iot  sensor  devices  can  be  installed  see
__label__controloptimizationautonomy figure  3.  the  domains  differentiate  in  the  scale  of  impact  the  analyzed  data  provide  for  its  users.  personal  and  home  represent  an  individual  or  home  applications  while  enterprise  iot  applications  affect  a  community.  the  utilities  domain  represents  applications  on  a  regional  or  national  scale,  and  mobile  represents  logistic  applications  which  are  crosslinked  to  the  other  domains,  due  to  their  interconnectivity  requirements.  overall,  the  internet  enables  data  sharing  between  different  entities  in  the  ecosystem,  yielding  possible  crossovers  of  applications  between  the  four  presented  domains  gubbi,  buyya,  marusic,  palaniswami,  2013.  in  the  personal  and  home  domain,  the  collected  sensor  information  is  mainly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy used  by  the  individuals  who  own  the  sensor.  the  most  common  iot  applications  in  this  domain  are  healthcare  and  smart  home.  for  healthcare  applications,  people  attach  sensors  as  wearables  or  implants  on  the  human  body  to  monitor  and  maintain  the  health  condition  at  all  time.  policyaware  sensors  can  measure  physiological  parameters,  notifying  the  user  about  the  current  health  condition.  this  allows  a  ubiquitous  healthcare  system  which  could  motivate  unhealthy  people  to  change  their  habits  and  enables  doctors  to  monitor  patients  remotely,  reducing  hospitality  cost  manyika  et  al.,  2015.  in  the  home  setting,  energy  management,  security  and  the  automatization  of  chores
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  change  how  consumers  interact  with  their  surroundings.  everyday  objects  can  become  smart  and  independent  through  internet  connectivity.  their  sensing  capability  enables  them  to  complete  domestic  chores,  like  cleaning,  washing  or  gardening.  automated  thermostat  sensor  devices,  learn  the  human  behavior  and  connect  to  weather  stations  to  adjust  the  household  energy  consumption,  or  order  regularly  consumed  food  as  a  processaware  sensor  in  a  refrigerator  perera,  zaslavsky,  christen,  georgakopoulous,  2014.  the  vision  of  an  automated  home  can  be  turned  into  reality  if  the  consumer  feels  that,  his  privacy  is  protected  sufficiently  and  can  access  everything  through  a  common  interface  guaranteeing  interoperability  manyika
__label__controloptimizationautonomy et  al.,  2015.  the  enterprise  domain  describes  a  network  of  things  for  enterprisebased  applications.  the  collected  information  is  often  only  used  by  the  owner,  and  the  data  is  only  shared  selectively.  common  settings  for  iot  applications  in  the  enterprise  domain  are  industrial  factories,  retail  shops,  offices,  and  farming.  one  common  application  example  for  the  enterprise  domain  in  the  industrial  iot  setting  is  the  factory  management.  iot  plays  a  major  role  in  the  current  development  of  factory  automatization  and  digitalization,  also  known  as  industry  4.0.  the  existing  infrastructure  of  machine  sensors  for  security,  automatization,  climate  control,  etc.  is  being  replaced  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wireless  sensor  devices.  this  gives  the  flexibility  to  change  the  setup,  adjust  workflows  through  realtime  data  analysis  and  increases  the  process  efficiency  gubbi,  buyya,  marusic,  palaniswami,  2013.  policyaware  sensors  can  improve  the  working  condition  by  measuring  the  noise  and  pollution  burden.  processaware  sensors  can  optimize  inventory  and  predict  maintenance  for  machinery,  to  guarantee  an  optimized  production  environment.  the  utilities  domain  refers  to  all  iot  sensor  data  used  for  service  optimization.  the  aim  of  iot  utility  applications  is  the  resource  management,  improving  the  cost  vs.  profit  ratio.  the  basic  setups  are  often  extensive  networks  on  a  regional  or  national  scale.  utilitybased
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  applications  can  often  be  seen  in  the  setting  of  smart  cities  or  smart  grids.  smart  cities  iot  applications  try  to  improve  services,  relieve  traffic  congestions,  conserve  water,  and  save  energy.  a  common  smart  city  iot  application  is  waste  management.  the  various  stakeholders  e.g.,  city  council,  recycling  companies,  manufacturing  plants,  health,  and  safety  authorities  could  use  unified  iot  sensor  device  data  to  optimize  the  collection,  disposal  and  waste  monitor  mechanisms  perera,  zaslavsky,  christen,  georgakopoulous,  2014.  another  iot  application  example  for  the  utility  domain  is  smart  grids.  they  could  be  implemented  to  monitor  the  electricity  consumption  at  every  point  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy city,  to  efficiently  modify  the  way  energy  is  consumed  yun  yuxin,  2010.  this  ensures  the  load  balance  within  the  grid  and  saves  valuable  energy.  the  mobile  domain  includes  all  sorts  of  transportation  and  logistics  iot  applications,  due  to  their  necessity  of  data  sharing  and  interconnectivity  to  other  domains.  applications  of  iot  mobile  domain  sensor  devices  are  therefore  not  mutually  exclusive  of  settings  from  the  previous  domains.  mobile  iot  applications  often  relate  to  justintime  supply  chain  management,  traffic  in  smart  cities  and  smart  vehicles.  traffic  congestions  in  cities  cause  severe  cost  on  social  and  economic  activities.  in  a  smart  city,  traffic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy control  is  automated  through  the  analysis  of  the  traffic  sensor  data  at  various  touch  points,  providing  valuable  information  to  stop  lights  or  car  drivers  gubbi,  buyya,  marusic,  palaniswami,  2013.  supply  chain  efficiency  is  highly  dependent  on  justintime  operations,  enabled  through  monitoring  of  travel  times  and  origin  destination  route  choice  data  analysis.  the  mobile  domain  also  includes  vehicular  navigation  container  shipping,  and  package  delivery  applications  between  urban  areas.  all  applications  in  the  mobile  domain  are  highly  dependent  on  interconnectivity  and  therefore  overlapping  in  regard  to  iot  sensor  devices  of  the  other  domain  applications.  it  can  be  seen  that  iot  applications  function
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  an  ecosystem  of  connected  sensor  devices  with  different  stakeholders,  contributing  to  specific  applications  rong,  guangyu,  yong,  yongjiang,  liang,  understanding  business  ecosystem  using  a  6c  framework  in  internetofthingsbased  sectors,  2015.  the  adoption  of  the  mentioned  iot  sensor  device  applications  is  therefore  mostly  dependent  on  the  trustful  handling  of  intellectual  property  and  the  interoperability  of  iot  sensor  devices  manyika  et  al.,  2015.  consumers  are  only  willing  to  share  their  data  in  a  trustful  relationship.  enterprises  are  usually  reluctant  to  use  and  operate  technical  frameworks,  which  are  controlled  by  other  companies.  utilizing  an  external  platform  yields  the  threat  of  getting  locked  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  losing  value  capturing  potential.  therefore,  companies  create  their  own  companyspecific  or  consortium  based  system  seppala  mattila,  2016.  however,  interoperability  can  only  be  guaranteed  if  large  consortium  platforms  are  developed,  which  agree  on  an  industry  standard.  this  yields  the  thread  of  a  vertical  silo  or  walled  gardens  development,  in  which  the  platform  reduces  interoperability  to  enforce  a  strong  customer  lockin  filament,  2015.  blockchain  technology  provides  a  way  to  circumvent  the  trust  and  interoperability  problem  by  offering  a  trustless  distributed  iot  network  infrastructure  in  which  all  participants  can  operate  freely.  therefore,  the  introduction  of  blockchain  technology  into  iot  business  models,  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy explained  in  the  next  chapter,  can  support  the  proceeding  of  iot  applications  into  realworld  practices  and  make  our  environment  more  cognitive.  the  concept  of  the  business  model  has  been  relatively  new,  with  much  of  the  scientific  research  appearing  in  the  past  decade  of  the  20th  century,  a  time  period  associated  with  the  new  economy  morris,  schindehutte,  allen,  2005.  with  the  growing  practical  effects  of  the  business  model  concept,  it  receives  increasing  attention  from  the  field  of  scientific  research.  however,  so  far  no  unique  definition  of  the  business  model  has  been  developed  in  the  literature  zott,  amit,  massa,  the  business  model:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy recent  developments  and  future  research,  2011.  a  general  description  of  a  business  model  can  be  the  rational,  holistic  approach  of  how  an  organization  does  business  creates,  delivers  and  captures  value.  the  latest  business  model  framework,  the  business  model  canvas  was  proposed  by  osterwald  and  pigneur  in  2009.  they  defined  key  partners,  key  activities,  key  resources,  cost  structure,  value  proposition,  customer  relationship  management,  distribution  channels,  customer  segment  and  revenue  streams  as  the  nine  core  elements  of  a  business  model.  the  business  model  for  autonomous  iot  sensor  devices  distinguishes  itself  from  traditional  ebusiness  models.  in  the  previous  chapters  the  following  requirements  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  iot  business  model  were  determined:  1.  entities  have  to  be  uniquely  identified,  2.  values  have  to  be  traceable,  3.  transactions  have  to  be  secured  against  manipulation,  4.  the  possibility  of  lowcost  micropayments  has  to  be  given  and  5.  interoperability  for  machine  to  machine  communication  has  to  be  guaranteed.  this  can  be  achieved  with  the  concept  of  trustless  intermediation,  in  which  a  decentralized  system  enforces  a  set  of  rules  klems  et  al.,  2017.  the  following  proposed  business  model  architecture  depends  on  the  iot  business  model  proposed  by  zhang  and  wen  2016  and  the  decentralized  service  marketplace  by  klems  et  al.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 2017.  as  shown  in  figure  4,  three  different  layers  can  be  identified  namely  the  commodity,  the  economic  agents  and  the  decentralized  architecture  layer.  commodities  and  economic  agents  are  the  basic  layers  of  the  iot  business  models.  the  number  of  economic  agents  is  reduced  to  humans  and  dacs  see  section  distributed  autonomous  corporation.  they  are  the  providers  of  the  commodities  and  are  also  able  to  consume  iot  products.  the  commodities  in  the  iot  business  model  framework  only  include  paid  data  and  smart  property.  paid  data  is  data  collected  by  sensors  or  humans,  while  smart  property  can  be  defined  as  tokenized  assets.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  core  of  the  iot  business  model  is  the  decentralized  architecture  consisting  of  a  distributed  network  and  a  distributed  file  system  vermesan  et  al.,  2017.  in  the  decentralized  architecture  layer,  the  match  making  of  supplying  and  consuming  economic  agents  takes  place  as  well  as  the  transaction  settlement.  this  happens  through  an  open  source  blockchain  protocol.  the  use  of  a  decentralized  protocol  guarantees  that  all  participants  speak  the  same  language,  generating  interoperability.  for  the  match  making  process  the  conventional  stages  of  pretransaction,  negotiation,  and  the  contract  signup  have  to  be  redefined.  the  match  making  mechanism  is  conducted  via  a  public  registry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  which  all  available  commodities  are  listed  and  published  on  the  blockchain  klems  et  al.,  2017.  every  economic  agent  has  access  to  this  registry  marketplace  and  chooses  his  preferred  supplier.  the  decentralization  of  the  registry  reduces  entry  barriers  and  decreases  the  lockin  effects  of  conventional  platforms.  the  outcome  of  the  matchmaking  process  is  settled  via  a  smart  contract  published  on  the  blockchain.  the  legal  enforcement  mechanism  of  the  smart  contract  conducts  the  consequential  actions  if  the  participating  entities  disobey  the  predefined  terms,  e.g.,  conducts  the  transaction  or  refunds  the  payment  if  programmed  with  an  escrow  function  klems  et  al.,  2017.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy moreover,  signatures,  timestamps,  and  pseudonymous  identification  are  recorded  on  the  smart  contract  zhang  wen,  2016.  this  secures  the  identification  of  the  economic  agents  and  the  traceability  of  values.  the  networks  token  serves  as  a  payment  currency  and  can  be  exchanged  for  fiat  money  in  cryptocurrency  exchanges.  due  to  the  decentralized  architecture  of  the  iot  business  model,  all  transactions  are  conducted  in  a  peertopeer  manner,  without  the  help  of  an  intermediating  third  party.  this  decrease  transaction  fees  and  facilitates  micropayments.  the  transactions  have  to  be  cryptographically  validated  by  the  network  nodes,  preventing  double  spending  and  securing  the  network  against  manipulation.  since
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  iot  business  model  follows  the  idea  of  trustless  intermediation,  a  possessive  token  has  to  be  generated  for  the  smart  property.  the  smart  property  token  acts  as  the  title  of  ownership  and  as  commodity  exchange  certificate  zhang  wen,  2016.  the  described  architecture  allows  various  valuegenerating  processes  and  fulfills  the  requirements  of  an  autonomous  iot  sensor  device  network.  early  adopters  of  the  iot  network  will  profit  from  an  increase  of  token  values  if  the  network  gains  the  attention  of  an  increasing  user  base  mckie,  2017.  iot  sensor  devices  are  enabled  to  act  independently  as  dacs,  making  p2m  and  m2m  transactions  possible.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  conventional  business  models,  three  market  participants  can  be  identified,  being  customers,  companies  and  the  government.  the  customers  interact  with  companies,  dominating  through  their  demand,  consumption  behavior,  and  purchase  motivation.  companies  have  a  double  role  in  the  conventional  business  model.  on  the  one  side,  they  are  responsible  for  their  organizational  structure,  manufacturing,  and  marketing  of  their  commodities  and  services.  on  the  other  side,  they  also  have  to  purchase  material  components  or  services  from  other  companies  to  run  their  operations.  the  last  player  in  the  conventional  business  model  framework  is  the  government.  the  government  has  an  economic  supervisory  function  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advanced  economies  and  is  also  a  consumer  for  company  supplied  products  and  services  zhang  wen,  2016.  this  setup  changes  in  the  iot  business  model.  in  the  iot  business  model,  the  number  of  entities  can  be  reduced  to  two,  humans  private  customers,  companies,  governments  and  distributed  autonomous  corporations.  dacs  can  offer  iot  commodities  on  the  public  registry  and  earn  money.  they  can  also  be  required  to  consume  other  iot  products  like  energy  or  sensor  data  to  maintain  their  daily  operations.  in  the  proposed  blockchain  iot  business  model  all  transactions  are  conducted  without  a  thirdparty  oversight  and  validated  by  the  distributed  network,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy eliminating  the  threat  of  manipulation.  no  third  party,  including  the  government,  can  interfere  in  the  market.  the  code  and  regulations  are  open  source  and  published  on  the  blockchain,  enabling  trade  across  state  borders  under  a  unified  regulatory  framework  koulu,  2016.  smart  contracts  guarantee  the  ordered  procedure  of  transactions.  in  this  approach,  humans  represent  all  the  entities  identified  in  the  conventional  business  model  private  consumers,  companies,  governments,  who  can  also  offer  their  services  and  goods  in  the  iot  business  model  zhang  wen,  2016.  two  kinds  of  commodities  are  traded  in  the  iot  business  model:  paid  data  and  smart  property  tokenized  assets.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy both  can  be  transferred  digitally  through  the  network  and  can  be  controlled  by  digital  devices.  the  lack  of  traditional  stages  such  as  storage  or  shipment  enables  realtime  settlement  digitallaw,  2016.  the  shift  of  ownership  of  physical  related  objects  is  realized  through  the  digital  token  transmission  of  the  smart  property.  paid  data  is  the  primary  commodity  in  the  iot  business  model.  to  access  iot  data  in  the  current  market  set  up,  consumers  have  to  contact  the  third  party,  providing  an  api  which  is  charged  according  to  their  access  time.  this  gives  very  limited  possibilities  for  the  consumer  to  buy  realtime  sensor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  and  does  not  utilize  a  large  iot  sensor  network.  the  previous  introduced  dacs  are  smart  sensor  devices  connected  to  the  internet,  with  at  least  one  static  ip  address  zhang  wen,  2016.  the  owner  of  these  sensors  can  attribute  a  set  of  rules  to  the  dacs  which  they  have  to  comply  with.  for  instance,  these  could  be,  a  definition  of  the  data  commodity,  price  guidelines  or  mechanism  on  how  to  buy  raw  data  and  energy  to  maintain  the  dacs  daily  running.  the  operating  procedure  of  the  dac  is  publicly  available  on  the  iot  blockchain,  and  the  public  register  describes  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy details  of  the  paid  data  i.e.,  type  of  data,  sampling  rate,  accuracy,  and  origin,  price  and  trade  conditions.  once  the  rules  of  a  dac  are  defined,  the  owner  loses  control  over  the  dac  and  cannot  modify  its  settings,  unless  there  is  a  predefined  setting  implemented  in  its  governance,  allowing  modifications  through  the  consensus  of  the  stakeholders  swan,  blockchain  blueprint  for  a  new  economy,  2015.  the  value  of  the  paid  data  will  be  determined  by  the  market  participants,  and  can  vary  to  the  true  value.  therefore,  every  sensor  owner  has  to  consider  the  initial  and  the  running  cost  of  a  dac,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy before  deploying  it  on  the  network.  smart  property  is  controlled  via  a  tokenized  indicator  of  ownership  and  smart  contracts  on  the  blockchain  cameronhuff,  2017.  smart  property  includes  physical  property  e.g.,  houses,  cars,  and  smartphones,  nonphysical  property  e.g.,  stakes  of  dacs,  shares  of  company  ownership  and  energies  e.g.,  power,  oil,  gas.  all  these  forms  of  smart  property  can  be  controlled  via  digital  devices.  major  advantages  of  smart  property  are  the  minimization  of  fraud  and  intermediaries,  as  well  as  the  enabling  of  transactions  in  a  distributed  trustless  environment  swan,  blockchain  blueprint  for  a  new  economy,  2015.  in  the  current  world,  one  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy see  early  stages  of  smart  property  in  the  form  of  advanced  car  locks,  or  smartphone  encryption,  which  ensures  that  only  the  user  with  the  right  key  can  access  the  device.  smart  property  in  a  blockchain  environment  enables  the  transformation  of  ownership  via  a  distributed  network.  a  car  or  house  lock,  for  example,  can  be  unlocked  via  a  digital  wallet,  connected  to  the  nfc  module  in  the  users  smartphone  slock.it,  2017.  in  the  blockchain  iot  business  model  a  public  registry  serves  as  a  marketplace,  published  on  the  blockchain  network  klems  et  al.,  2017.  this  public  registry  enables  the  matchmaking  mechanism  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy supplying  and  consuming  economic  agents.  due  to  the  lag  of  a  third  party,  the  operation  mode  of  the  match  making  in  the  iot  business  model  differs  from  the  conventional  ebusiness  operation  mode  with  a  pretransaction  preparation,  a  negotiation,  a  contract  signing  and  a  contract  fulfillment  stage  zhang  wen,  2016.  figure  5  illustrates  the  operation  stage  match  making  and  transaction  settlement  for  the  blockchain  iot  business  model.  pretransaction  stage:  the  pretransaction  stage  of  the  conventional  ebusiness  model  includes  the  preparation  of  all  participants.  for  the  buyers,  this  includes,  e.g.,  market  investigation  and  a  purchase  plan.  the  sellers  have  to  produce  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advertise  their  goods.  additionally,  thirdparty  intermediaries  like  financial  institutions,  insurance  companies  or  transport  companies  have  to  be  prepared  for  the  corresponding  trade.  in  the  decentralized  iot  business  model,  the  participation  of  thirdparty  intermediaries  is  not  necessary.  sellers  have  to  publish  their  commodities  on  the  public  registry  on  the  blockchain  see  figure  5.  this  is  done  with  the  help  of  a  smart  contract,  containing  references  to  the  seller,  specific  information  about  the  commodity,  legal  provisions  and  the  price  of  the  commodity  klems  et  al.,  2017.  buyers  can  search  and  filter  the  registry  to  find  and  compare  the  commodity  they  need.  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keep  an  accurate  registry  available  at  all  times,  an  updated  version  is  shared  across  the  nodes  of  the  blockchain  network.  all  sellers  can  be  incentivized  with  an  escrow  function  of  the  public  registry  to  timely  update  their  product  portfolio.  negotiation  stage:  in  the  negotiation  stage  of  a  traditional  ebusiness  model,  buyers  and  sellers  settle  their  purchase  agreement  in  a  contract,  after  the  transaction  details  about  the  commodity  and  the  settlement  have  been  clarified.  this  traditional  negotiation  method  does  not  fit  the  iot  business  since  buyers  and  sellers  could  be  dacs.  the  following  four  situations  illustrated  in  figure  5  can  occur
__label__controloptimizationautonomy zhang  wen,  2016:  the  transaction  settlement  in  the  decentralized  iot  business  model  includes  the  contract  signing  and  the  contract  fulfillment  stage  of  the  conventional  ebusiness  operation  in  the  form  of  a  smart  contract  see  figure  5  zhang  wen,  2016.  contract  signing  stage:  in  the  conventional  ebusiness  model  contracts  are  signed  by  both  parties  through  a  hand  signature  or  an  electronic  data  interchange  edi  to  guarantee  legal  effectiveness  of  the  trade.  additional  evidence  like  negotiation  logs  or  files  are  kept  to  settle  eventual  legal  disputes.  often  this  kind  of  evidence  is  stored  at  a  thirdparty  server.  due  to  the  lack  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy third  parties  in  the  iot  business  model,  this  traditional  way  of  a  contract  signing  is  useless.  in  the  proposed  business  model  framework,  all  transactions  are  settled  with  the  help  of  decentralized  smart  contracts  publicly  available  on  the  blockchain.  the  contract  is  signed  with  the  private  key  of  each  party,  creating  pseudonymous  identification  noyen,  volland,  wrner,  fleisch,  2014.  the  decentralization  of  the  blockchain  network  makes  this  contract  accessible  to  everyone  without  intermediary  participation.  the  payment  and  value  transferring  mechanism  of  the  transaction  is  conducted  through  the  networks  tokens  cryptocurrency  which  is  compatible  with  the  smart  contract.  the  contract  itself  contains  contractual
__label__controloptimizationautonomy clauses,  which  are  triggered  depending  on  the  transaction  parties  behavior.  contract  fulfillment  stage:  the  contract  fulfillment  stage  is  drastically  reduced  compared  to  the  conventional  business  model.  no  customs,  insurance  or  packaging  have  to  be  prepared  zhang  wen,  2016.  furthermore,  no  third  party  is  involved  for  the  money  transfer  or  the  supply  of  a  letter  of  credit.  the  entire  transaction  is  conducted  via  a  smart  contract,  published  on  the  blockchain  as  safe  storage,  in  a  verifiable  and  impossible  to  fake  manner.  the  contract  itself  can  monitor  and  trigger  the  transaction.  additionally,  sellers  can  sign  smart  contracts  in  advance  and  publish  them
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  the  blockchain  with  a  timestamp  zhang  wen,  2016.  every  buyer  can  accept  the  contract  within  the  specific  timestamp,  through  a  signature  with  his  private  key.  two  transaction  phases  can  be  distinguished  in  the  iot  business  model.  one  is  the  price  payment,  and  the  other  is  the  exchange  of  commodities.  if  the  buyer  transfers  the  agreed  token  price  to  the  smart  contract,  the  transaction  is  triggered,  and  the  purchased  paid  data  or  smart  property  tokens  will  automatically  be  transferred  to  the  buyer.  the  analysis  of  the  four  operating  stages  of  the  traditional  and  iot  business  model  shows  various  differences.  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  result  of  the  analysis,  the  prenegotiation  stage  and  the  negotiation  stage  can  be  merged  into  the  match  making  of  the  iot  business  model  zhang  wen,  2016.  buyers  and  sellers  can  search  the  public  registry  with  the  help  of  filters  and  algorithms  to  find  their  desired  business  partner.  the  contract  signing  and  contract  fulfillment  stage  are  merged  into  the  transaction  settlement  of  the  iot  business  model  zhang  wen,  2016.  both  parties  sign  a  smart  contract  with  their  private  keys.  as  soon  as  the  smart  contract  is  triggered,  the  transaction  is  securely  conducted  in  a  peertopeer  exchange  via  the  blockchain  network,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy without  intermediary  participation.  features  of  the  smart  contract  guarantee  the  compliance  with  the  contractual  clauses  of  the  transaction.  the  proposed  business  model,  therefore,  helps  to  implement  iot  applications  into  realworld  scenarios.  in  the  present  time,  various  startups  and  blockchain  projects  are  trying  to  develop  blockchain  based  iot  business  models.  iota,  already  described  in  chapter  evolutions  of  blockchain  technology,  is  the  most  promising  projects  in  this  area.  in  the  following  section,  it  is  assessed  how  the  iota  project  complies  with  the  proposed  business  model  framework  from  the  chapter  iot  blockchain  business  model  and  how  it  fits  the  established  iot  business  model
__label__controloptimizationautonomy requirements.  iotas  aim  is  to  serve  as  the  backbone  for  the  internet  of  things,  enabling  machine  to  machine  communication  and  the  execution  of  feeless  micropayments,  utilizing  the  tangle  as  distributed  ledger  technology.  in  november  2017  iota  launched  its  decentralized  data  marketplace.  with  the  data  marketplace,  the  iota  foundation  wants  to  break  the  socalled  data  silos  in  which  most  of  todays  sensor  data  is  locked  in,  allowing  an  open  and  decentralized  data  lake,  accessible  to  any  compensating  party  snsteb,  iota  data  marketplace,  2017.  the  architecture  of  the  iota  data  marketplace  is  comparable  to  the  proposed  business  model  concept  from  chapter  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blockchain  business  model.  the  participating  economic  entities  are  humans  and  autonomous  sensor  devices,  which  can  also  be  described  as  dacs.  the  tradable  commodities  of  the  data  marketplace  are  currently  limited  to  paid  data.  however,  the  underlying  tangle  also  allows  the  transfer  of  every  kind  of  digital  data,  including  digital  asset  tokens  smart  property.  the  match  making  is  conducted  on  the  public  registry,  in  form  of  the  data  marketplace.  dacs  can  use  the  marketplaces  api  to  offer  their  sensing  services  via  the  iota  network.  buyers  can  search  for  iot  sensor  devices  and  connect  to  them.  iota  was  able  to  acquire  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lot  of  official  partners  like  bosch  to  join  and  develop  iot  sensors  for  the  marketplace  schiener,  iota  data  marketplace  webinar,  2017.  additionally,  the  marketplace  supports  silent  partners,  who  can  also  use  the  iota  api  to  deploy  their  iot  sensor  devices  on  the  marketplace,  without  being  officially  announced.  the  tangle  serves  as  a  distributed  architecture,  featuring  a  distributed  network  and  file  system  allowing  to  attach  roughly  one  kilobyte  of  arbitrary  data  to  a  transaction  ryszkiewicz,  2017.  once  two  parties  agree  to  trade,  the  money  and  the  data  are  directly  transferred  via  the  tangle.  this  form  of  transaction  settlement  can  be  compared
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  a  presigned  smart  contract  from  chapter  iot  blockchain  business  model.  as  soon  as  the  buyer  orders  from  an  iot  sensor,  by  transferring  the  required  amount  of  iotas  to  the  sensors  wallet,  the  paid  data  is  automatically  transferred  to  the  buyer.  in  its  current  technical  stage,  the  monitoring  of  the  wallet  is  conducted  by  the  sensor  instead  of  a  smart  contract.  this  is  due  to  the  technical  difficulty  of  implementing  timestamped  transactions  in  the  iota  tangle.  the  iota  developer  team  has  announced  a  smart  contract  release  for  the  first  half  of  2018  deviota,  2017.  furthermore,  it  is  noteworthy  that  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iota  protocol  guarantees  interoperability  between  all  economic  entities.  anonymity  as  well  as  private  transactions  are  facilitated  through  the  use  of  masked  authenticated  messaging.  the  transfer  of  large  or  realtime  data  streams  can  be  accomplished  through  the  deployment  of  flash  channels  as  well  as  the  ordinary  use  of  the  iota  network.  the  payment  is  conducted  in  the  networks  cryptocurrency  iota.  all  iota  tokens  are  preminded  yielding  a  maximum  supply  of  2,779,530,283,277,761  iotas  iota  support,  2017.  the  zerofee  mechanism  enables  micropayments.  furthermore,  the  iota  foundation  can  add  decimal  points  if  a  single  iota  grows  too  large  to  be  used  for  micro  transactions.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy according  to  statistas  2016  estimations  of  75  billion  devices  connected  to  the  internet  by  2025,  this  yields  an  average  amount  of  37  thousand  iotas  per  device,  which  should  be  adequate  for  the  implementation  of  micropayments  on  a  large  scale.  table  2  summarizes  the  key  characteristics  and  advantages  of  iota  for  the  iot  business  model.  in  its  current  stage,  the  marketplace  is  supposed  to  serve  as  a  proofofconcept.  the  strategy  of  the  iota  foundation  is  to  have  the  industry  combining  forces  and  develop  marketplaces  based  on  the  open  source  iota  protocol  in  the  future  schiener,  iota  data  marketplace  webinar,  2017.  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  technical  perspective,  the  characteristics  of  the  iota  developed  tangle  and  the  layer  two  applications  like  masked  authenticated  messaging  and  flash  channels  fulfill  the  requirements  of  the  proposed  blockchain  iot  business  model  framework  see  table2.  the  team  is  currently  spread  across  two  continents  with  offices  in  berlin,  oslo,  and  chicago.  shanghai  will  follow  in  2018.  in  the  next  years  iotas  ecosystem  fund,  comprising  of  10.000.000  usd,  will  further  enhance  the  technological  development  of  the  iota  ecosystem.  developer  teams  can  apply  their  application  ideas  and  receive  funding  to  create  their  proofofconcept  snsteb,  iota  ecosystem  fund  10  million,  2017.  the  market  capitalization
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iota  is  currently  10,314,753,494  usd  making  it  one  of  the  top  ten  cryptocurrencies  on  the  market  coinmarketcap,  2018.  the  future  will  show  whether  the  iota  foundation  can  fulfill  their  mission  of  revolutionizing  distributed  ledger  technology  through  its  tangle  and  thereby  becoming  the  backbone  of  the  internet.  the  iota  project  shows  that  the  proposed  business  model  is  not  just  a  theoretical  construct  but  rather  a  blueprint  for  an  inevitable  iot  economy.  the  iota  concept  tries  to  revolutionize  the  blockchain  distributed  infrastructure  and  develops  a  new  distributed  ledger  technology,  which  is  tailored  to  iot  requirements.  the  development  of  a  new  fat
__label__controloptimizationautonomy protocol  should  not  depend  on  a  third  party.  compared  to  conventional  business  models,  iota  facilitates  a  distributed  network  and  enable  the  deployment  of  dacs  and  machine  to  machine  communication.  the  presented  projects  show  the  current  relevance  of  blockchain  iot  business  models  and  predict,  that  more  blockchain  iot  projects  will  be  developed  in  the  future  utilizing  the  blockchain  iot  business  model  framework.  the  presented  results  contribute  to  the  existing  research  of  blockchain  technology  for  iot  applications  in  several  ways.  first,  the  characteristics  of  blockchain  networks  and  its  shortcomings  for  a  largescale  implementation  are  outlined  christidis  devetsikiotis,  2016,  shifting  the  focus  away
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  the  traditional  blockchain  infrastructure  protocol  to  advanced  distributed  ledger  technologies.  by  doing  so  iotas  innovative  tangle  technology  is  introduced,  which  enables  the  implementation  of  distributed  applications  to  a  larger  number  of  use  cases.  the  taxonomy  for  iot  sensor  devices,  which  can  be  deployed  in  an  iot  ecosystem  utilizing  blockchain  technology,  add  value  to  the  existing  literature  e.g.,  kortuem,  kawsar,  fitton,  sundramoorthy,  2009  by  introducing  the  distributed  autonomous  corporation.  dacs  are  novel  iot  sensor  devices,  which  act  autonomously  incorporating  an  independentdecision  making  process  and  utilizing  smart  contracts.  furthermore,  the  paper  adds  to  various  visionary  concepts  of  iot  based  business  uses
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cases  e.g.,  perera,  zaslavsky,  christen,  georgakopoulous,  2014;  huckle,  bhattachrya,  white,  beloff,  2016;  bahga  madisetti,  2016  by  promoting  a  new  blockchain  iot  business  model  framework.  this  fills  the  literature  gap  for  iot  business  models  in  which  various  actors  person/machine  conduct  transactions  without  the  need  of  a  trusted  intermediary.  in  addition,  the  appearance  of  the  economic  entities,  the  traded  goods  and  the  declaration  of  ownership  are  outlined  in  the  proposed  iot  business  model.  the  combining  of  the  conventional  ebusiness  model  transaction  stages  into  the  match  making,  and  transaction  settlement  stage  shows  the  fundamental  differences  between  the  proposed  blockchain  iot  business  model  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  conventional  ebusiness.  besides  extending  the  academic  literature,  the  present  study  also  has  practical  impact  on  the  future  iot  development  as  well  as  the  way  in  which  we  currently  conduct  our  transactions.  for  iot  developers,  a  revolutionary  business  model  framework  was  proposed,  fulfilling  the  requirements  for  a  largescale  implementation  of  iot  applications.  furthermore,  the  taxonomy  of  iot  sensor  devices  facilitates  the  development  of  future  autonomous  iot  sensors,  customized  for  specific  iot  applications.  in  the  current  world,  business  is  conducted  through  an  intermediate  party  which  guarantees  a  trustworthy  environment  for  pp  and  pm  transactions.  the  proposed  blockchain  iot  business  model  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy entirely  revolutionize  the  way  of  conducting  transactions  through  smart  contracts  in  a  trustless  peertopeer  network  with  people  and  machines  as  independent  actors.  this  will  affect  our  everyday  life  in  every  aspect.  it  was  also  shown,  that  the  iota  project  follows  the  theoretical  model,  driving  the  expectation  to  see  more  distributed  iot  applications  in  the  future.  therefore,  startups  as  well  as  established  corporations  can  use  the  proposed  business  model  framework  as  a  blueprint  for  a  decentralized  iot  environment.  today  the  world  is  on  the  edge  of  a  technological  revolution  with  the  potential  to  disrupt  our  economy.  this  will  shift  the  power
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  centralized  ecosystems  into  a  uniform  decentralized  network  where  every  human  and  machine  has  equal  power  over  their  data  and  property.  if  you  like  this  article,  we  would  be  happy  if  you  forward  it  to  your  colleagues  or  share  it  on  social  networks.  download  the  article  as  pdf  file  .  more  information  about  the  the  frankfurt  school  blockchain  center  on  the  internet  ,  on  twitter  or  on  facebook  .  marc  higgins  is  graduate  of  the  frankfurt  school  of  finance  and  management  and  has  recently  finished  his  final  thesis  on  this  topic.  you  can  contact  him  via  mail  m.higginsgmx.de.  prof.  dr.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy given  that  some  type  of  controller  will  control  these  devices,  many  of  these  devices  can  take  on  new  responsibilities.  gartner  inc.  predicts  that  there  will  be  6.4  billion  connected  objects  in  use  by  2016  and  21  billion  by  2020.  rather  than  just  producing  data,  these  devices  can  perhaps  take  on  additional  roles.  in  the  future,  these  devices  may  consume  information  from  other  devices  and  the  cloud  and  participate  in  solutions  they  were  never  designed  for.  not  just  collecting  data  the  primary  objective  of  collecting  data  usually  is  to  make  better  decisions.  predictions  using  data  can  prepare  systems  for  the  future
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  detecting  change,  or  exerting  some  kind  of  control.  using  a  broader  description,  one  might  suggest  that  data  can  be  collected  for  the  purpose  of  controlling  behavior.  if  the  organization  doesnt  control  systems  behavior,  another  organization  will  collect  that  data  and  use  it  accordingly.  the  common  perception  is  that  as  problems  become  more  complex,  large  processing  engines  can  only  handle  them,  or  that  those  problems  require  humansintheloop  to  interpret  the  complex  information  sets.  another  common  big  data  view  is  that  much  of  the  information  processing  will  be  accomplished  by  searching  for  patterns  of  data  from  large  data  sets  that  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy collected  over  time.  this  view  is  that  the  data  is  in  control,  so  we  should  let  the  data  drive  the  solution.  well  perhaps,  or  perhaps  not?  some  whohave  been  around  for  a  while  look  at  theiot  and  see  nothing  that  is  really  new.  distributed  control  and  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  productshave  been  used  in  industrial  automation  for  many  years.  timesharing  and  cluster  computing  are  terms  that  have  been  associated  with  distributed  computing.  these  terms  are  often  used  to  define  the  technologyoftheday  that  includes  taking  inputs,  manipulating  the  data,  and  then  distributing  information  to  control  actions  or  outputs.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy evolution  of  technology  that  has  resulted  in  the  iot  market  has  been  driven  by  the  commoditization  and  redistribution  of  resources.  each  time  a  shift  takes  place,  some  marketer  will  create  a  new  name  and  claim  the  market.  the  commoditization  of  processing  power  in  microcontrollers,  tied  to  lowcost  development  environments,  has  reduced  the  cost  of  processing  information.  it  has  also  commoditized  interconnectivity  with  consumerbased  networks  and  protocols  that  have  provided  the  infrastructure  for  new  devices  to  participate  in  more  complex  applications.  additionally,  microelectromechanical  systems  memsbased  devices  have  reduced  the  cost  of  sensors  and  actuators.  cloudbased  control  solutions  however,  there  is  always
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  but  in  this  type  of  situation.  sometimes  things  go  wrong.  putting  all  the  eggs  in  the  cloud  basket  connected  by  webs  of  open  networks  exposes  many  organizations  to  new  risks.  the  new  market  for  network  security,  redundant  communications,  and  encryption  has  recognized  the  risks  and  offered  patches  to  protect  the  user  from  new  problems.  if  a  system  can  be  hacked,  it  will  be  hacked.  and  given  that  if  a  system  can  break,  it  will  break.  and  when  things  go  wrong,  they  will  probably  go  wrong  at  an  inconvenient  time.  consider  this  analogy:what  if  there  was  another  earth,  earth1,  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy only  had  one  human  living  on  it?  that  single  human  could  have  a  billion  tentacles  that  are  connected  to  billions  of  tools.  earth1  could  operate  just  like  earth;  possibly  even  better,  because,  hypothetically,  the  single  brain  of  earth1  could  manage  conflicts  between  its  tentacles  and  its  tools  see  figure  1.  however,  if  earth1  had  a  problem  and  lost  some  of  its  tentacles,  those  functions  would  be  completely  lost.  and  if  earth1  forgot  how  to  process  all  the  information,  then  it  would  be  dead  in  its  universe.  compare  this  to  our  earth  with  its  billions  of  humans.  each  human  has  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brain  that  has  its  own  proprietary  sensors  and  actuators  see  figure  2.  our  earth  is  not  dependent  on  any  single  communication  link.  furthermore,  it  is  not  dependent  on  any  single  human.  our  earth  benefits  from  groups  of  humans  working  together  and  it  benefits  from  humans  redistributing  themselves  from  one  collection  of  humans  to  another  to  address  different  problems.  it  also  benefits  from  the  ability  of  individual  humans  to  continue  to  operate  when  communication  links  are  broken.  humans  in  general  can  figure  out  what  to  do  if  one  of  their  tools  is  broken  or  lost.  humans  can  also  respond  to  damage
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  other  humans,  as  well  as  to  bigger  strategic  and  tactical  issues.  individual  humans  can  focus  attention  on  specific  tasks,  but  they  know  when  to  look  beyond  their  assigned  tasks  at  the  bigger  picture.  humans  as  a  population,  or  groups  of  populations  are  able  to  adapt  see  figure  3.  another  characteristic  of  humans  is  their  ability  to  dispense  expertise.  expertise  is  more  than  having  an  ability  to  follow  rules.  expertise  is  the  ability  to  deliver  judgment  and  reasoning.  judgment  and  reasoning  are  what  allow  the  human  to  balance  alternatives.  they  understand  when  to  reallocate  attention  when  unexpected  things  happen.  human
__label__controloptimizationautonomy judgment  and  reasoning  are  used  to  solve  more  complex,  interrelated  problems  that  have  conflicting  objectives  solving  tactical  shortterm  goals  while  still  considering  longer  term  strategic  objectives.  it  is  judgment  and  reasoning  that  help  humans  make  relative  how  much  decisions,  as  they  balance  risks  and  rewards.  current  state  of  the  iot  the  general  concept  is  that  iot  devices  will  be  generators  of  information.  however,  maybe  the  edge  devices  should  also  be  viewed  as  consumers  of  information  using  our  human  model.  there  might  also  be  an  opportunity  to  expand  more  into  the  actuation  role  and  do  some  things  locally  without  depending  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  computer  in  the  sky  to  process  information.  in  this  case,  users  might  avoid  some  of  the  risks  associated  with  propagation  delays  and  widely  distributed  computing.  if  we  look  at  opportunities  for  iot  devices  to  behave  as  autonomous  or  semiautonomous  devices  and  redefine  iot  as  the  internet  of  autonomous  things  ioat,  then  what  might  the  market  look  like?  ioat:  internet  of  autonomous  things  since  there  are  an  abundance  of  information  sources  distributed  across  the  face  of  the  earth,  maybe  there  will  be  a  growth  in  distributed  tools.  it  is  very  likely  that  more  intelligent  actuators  will  be  created.  based  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that,  the  following  scenarios  are  likely:  even  when  these  ioat  devices  operating  as  a  local  team  encounter  problems  they  cannot  address  together,  they  may  be  able  to  transmit  actionable  intelligence  up  their  information  hierarchy  if  they  have  a  communication  link.  they  will  even  be  able  to  use  their  own  embedded  expertise  to  look  for  communication  alternatives.  think  of  these  new  ioat  devices  as  objects  that  can  operate  independently  or  as  objects  that  can  selforganize  and  operate  as  teams  to  solve  problems  they  have  never  been  programmed  to  specifically  address  before.  more  mobilelike  devices  that  have  multiple  tools  attached  will  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy able  to  address  more  problems,  all  without  going  to  the  cloud  for  advice.  one  might  speculate  that  personal  security,  home  automation,  health  care,  industrial  automation,  transportation,  agriculture,  and  military  applications  will  lead  the  way  with  ioat  devices.  one  might  also  speculate  that  personal,  security,  and  financial  applications  will  lead  the  way  in  the  form  of  personalized  software  agents.  what  are  the  roadblocks?  there  are  still  some  challenges  and  hurdles  because  it  remains  in  its  infant  stage.  the  hobbyist  market  is  exploding  with  remotely  piloted  aircraft.  while  many  of  these  devices  are  still  remotely  controlled,  many  have  significant  processing  power.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy diy  drone  has  gps,  rollpitchyaw  sensors,  altimeter,  compass,  video  feed,  wireless  network  connections,  battery  sensor,  torque  sensors,  and  motor  feedback  logic.  platforms  come  in  various  sizes  and  demonstrate  how  much  performance  with  connectivity  is  currently  available  in  the  commercial  space  i.e.  commoditized.  so,  processing  power  is  not  a  roadblock.  connectivity  is  also  not  a  roadblock  since  the  internet  has  commoditized  connectivity.  wifi  and  bluetooth  will  continue  to  add  security  to  their  information  exchange.  peertopeer  and  pointtopoint  microgrid  networking  will  open  new  doors.  it  is  likely  that  more  development  will  be  made  in  this  area.  the  consumer  and  hobbyist  market  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drive  this.  locally  connected  devices  will  be  able  to  handle  various  pointtopoint,  peertopeer,  and  broadcast  messaging  structures.  also,  consider  the  ioat  actuators.  this  will  be  a  new  market  for  many  new  players.  these  will  be  the  tools,  arms,  and  hands  end  effectors  of  the  ioat  devices.  their  basic  function  will  be  to  respond  to  threats  and  opportunities.  initially  they  may  be  remotely  controlled  tools,  but  eventually  they  will  be  able  to  selforganize  and  act  collectively  team.  they  will  become  the  human  assistants  that  are  always  alert,  always  doing  their  job,  always  ready  to  respond  to  new  threats  and  to  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy opportunities.  rather  than  calling  the  availability  of  these  devices  roadblocks,  they  will  be  market  opportunities.  one  might  suggest  that  their  availability  will  create  new  opportunities  because  some  problems  will  need  support  from  multiple  ioat  devices  working  together  so  they  can  collectively  solve  problems.  looking  at  the  opportunities  will  drive  changes:  why  not  solve  the  problem  at  the  source,  rather  than  just  providing  information  for  someone  else  to  worry  about?  there  has  been  another  significant  roadblock.  there  will  be  a  requirement  to  be  able  to  capture  and  package  humanlike  judgment  and  reasoning  skills  that  will  execute  in  the  small,  lowcost  ioat
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devices.  we  are  talking  about  packaging  humanlike  expertise  that  will  enable  these  devices  to  solve  complex  problems  that  have  historically  required  humans  directly  in  the  loop  to  address.  however,  we  do  not  have  to  replicate  the  human  brain  in  these  devices.  these  are  machines  with  some  limited  set  of  capabilities.  we  only  have  to  enable  the  machines  to  have  the  ability  to  consider  alternatives  of  how  they  can  use  their  capabilities  in  different  situations.  we  just  have  to  give  them  the  ability  to  think  in  a  more  abstract  manner.  we  do  not  want  them  to  have  free  will.  we  do
__label__controloptimizationautonomy not  want  them  to  decide  who  their  master  is.  also,  we  do  not  want  to  give  the  devices  a  weapon  and  have  it  used  against  us.  again,  they  will  remain  just  machines;  but  they  will  be  more  capable  machines  that  can  use  their  abilities  to  solve  more  problems  than  they  were  originally  built  for.  we  want  these  devices  to  be  able  to  pursue  broader  goals.  business  drivers  location  is  everything.  users  deploying  packaged  sensors  are  occupying  space.  a  machine  in  place  is  already  occupying  that  space.  by  adding  new  capabilities  in  the  same  space,  the  user  is  delivering  a  better
__label__controloptimizationautonomy level  of  service.  users  and  companies  that  are  able  to  package  humanlike  judgment  and  reasoning  with  the  solution  will  create  new  opportunities  and  use  that  capability  for  a  more  efficient  operation.  it  cane  also  be  used  to  add  more  safety  to  an  enterprise  on  enhance  security.  in  a  factory  automation  environment,  the  user  can  improve  operational  efficiency  if  the  machines  can  monitor  and  adjust  their  own  behavior  without  depending  on  simple,  statistical,  preventative,  maintenance  procedures  or  dedicated  operators.  if  machines  can  monitor  their  own  stress,  age,  wear  and  tear,  and  upcoming  jobs,  they  can  tell  their  supervisors  when  maintenance  should
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  performed  in  advance  of  system  failures.  or  they  can  highlight  significant  risks  that  they  see  coming.  business  drivers  for  someone  interested  in  delivering  expertise  through  ioat  devices:  the  market  for  iot  solutions  will  continue  to  evolve.  ioat  devices  will  process  information  closer  to  the  source  to  determine:  delivery  of  expertise  that  is  closer  to  the  information  source  will  allow  minor  problems  to  be  addressed  before  they  become  major  issues.  this  localized  processing  of  information  will  isolate  the  user  from  many  of  the  security  issues  that  may  exist  with  distant,  centralized  information  processing.  organizations  will  compete  based  on  the  packaged
__label__controloptimizationautonomy expertise  and  the  adaptivity  of  the  ioat  devices  they  offer  to  the  market.  the  tools  and  techniques  that  will  allow  these  capabilities  to  be  delivered  exist  today.  all  that  is  required  is  for  alert  organizations  to  move  quickly  to  address  the  opportunities.  tom  keeley  is  the  founder  of  and  the  inventor  of  knowledge  enhanced  electronic  technology.  edited  by  joy  chang,  digital  project  manager,  cfe  media,  .  online  extra  see  related  stories  about  the  internet  of  things  iot  linked  below.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  an  account?  need  an  account?  by  falco  is  the  first  ferry  to  operate  with  no  captain.  this  autonomous  ship  signals  the  future  of  maritime  transporton  the  intelligent  edge.  san  francisco  measuring  nearly  60  meters  long,  falco  cuts  an  imposing  figure  in  the  waters  of  finland,  where  it  charts  its  course.  falco  is  the  first  completely  autonomous  ferry,  operating  with  passengers  on  boardbut  without  a  captain.  the  ferry  traverses  between  two  islandsa  relatively  simple,  uncongested  journey.  but  the  ship  can  also  be  controlled  remotely  from  a  commandcenter  50  kilometers  away.  if  something  goes  awry,  a  human  can  take  over.  falco
__label__controloptimizationautonomy has  iotenabled  sensors  on  board  that  create  situational  awareness,  noted  vincent  campfens,  digital  strategy  manager  for  the  ,  at  the  conference  in  february.  based  on  that  data,  it  can  adjust  its  course  and  speed.  falco  has  a  variety  of  factors  to  measure  in  ever  changing  conditions:  tidal  streams,  wind  speed,  precipitation  and  more  to  measure.  campfens  has  a  reason  to  show  excitement  about  a  futuristic  boat  operating  1,800  km  away.  in  the  futurepossibly  by  2030autonomous  vessels  could  provide  opportunities  for  organizations  like  the  port  of  rotterdam.  it  is  responsible  for  the  management,  sustainable  development  and  commercial  operation  of  the  port.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  ports  waterways  handle  some  140,000  traversing  ships  carrying  some  460  million  tons  of  cargo  annually.  these  ships  require  safe  passage  and  solid  internet  connectivity  to  conduct  business.  greater  autonomy  and  decision  making  from  vessels  themselves  is  still  in  the  future,  but  could  ensure  greater  safety,  ease  of  management  and  new  commercial  opportunities  in  ports  like  rotterdam.  while  have  been  the  subject  of  praise  and  derision  over  the  past  couple  of  years,  autonomous  shipping  has  gotten  less  attention.  but  more  than  85  of  all  globally  traded  goods  travel  on  a  ship  during  their  lifecycle,  so  shipping  ports  are  key  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  economy.  and,  according  to  a  ,  the  autonomous  shipping  industry  is  due  to  reach  13.8  billion  by  2030.  greater  demand,  intelligent  optimization  of  the  waterways  and  safety  all  drive  this  shift.  those  in  the  industry  say  that  autonomous  shipping  is  indeed  on  the  way,  but  not  yet  ready  for  prime  time.  we  are  some  way  off  full  commercial  operation  of  autonomous  ships,  said  richard  ballantyne,  chief  executive  of  the  ,  in  an  article  on  the  ,  but  it  definitely  is  going  to  happen  in  the  not  too  distant  future.  the  port  of  rotterdam  is  banking  on  autonomous  vessels  docking
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  its  waterways  by  2030.  so  while  the  ambitious  future  of  300kilometer  cargo  ships  sailing  on  their  own  may  be  a  decade  or  so  away,  falco  has  already  demonstrated  the  promise  of  autonomous  vessels.  you  have  to  do  it  simple  first.  in  a  nice,  safe  and  simple  environment,  campfens  said.  the  conditions  are  pretty  stable.  because  of  that,  it  can  just  use  its  own  situational  awareness.  but  in  an  environment  as  complex  as  the  port  of  rotterdam,  a  ship  like  falco  would  need  additional  contextual  awareness  from  the  port  area,  campfens  noted.  using  iotenabled  sensors,  routers  and  gateways,  the  platform
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  well  as  artificial  intelligence  and  ,  a  cloudbased  mapping  system,  the  port  is  moving  toward  this  highly  tuned  future.  with  cisco  kinetic,  the  port  can  ensure  safe  and  secure  transport  and  management  of  data.  this  combination  of  connected  sensors,  artificial  intelligence  and  iot  analytics  platform  also  exemplify  ,  where  data  and  connectivity  no  longer  reside  in  a  public  cloud  or  centralized  data  centerwhich  can  create  delays  in  processing  of  that  databut  instead  remain  at  the  edge,  closer  to  the  users  and  devices  that  need  them.  in  this  way,  the  ports  can  bring  connectivity,  security  and  safety  to  the  waterways
__label__controloptimizationautonomy via  the  intelligent  edge.  the  port  has  garnered  various  benefits  from  connected  things  and  the  intelligent  edge.  ships  can  dock  at  port  when  the  weather  conditions  are  most  favorable.  as  a  result,  the  journey  may  be  safer  and  smoother  for  cargo  and  passengers.  with  optimal  conditions,  vessels  are  also  likely  to  be  more  fuelefficient,  supporting  another  major  initiative  for  the  port  of  rotterdam:  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions  95  by  2050.  that  goal  is  ambitious,  campfens  said.  but  we  want  to  set  an  example  for  the  worldwe  want  to  be  leading  in  the  energy  transition.  additionally,  campfens  noted,  digitizing  processes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  business  rules  help  the  port  retain  institutional  analog  knowledge  that  is  jeopardized  as  workers  age.  at  the  same  time,  greater  digitization  and  more  connected  things  bring  new  attack  surfaces  for  malicious  attackers  to  seize  on.  with  great  automation  comes  great  cybersecurity  risks,  campfens  said.  with  so  many  digital  interactions  in  the  port  area,  he  noted,  security  is  the  primary  requirement  it  suppliers  must  meet  for  the  port  of  rotterdam  authority.  the  port  already  stores  about  1  million  data  points  daily  from  iot  sensors.  and  data  not  only  has  to  be  secure  but  also  reliable:  data  points  must  be  accurate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  ships  to  chart  their  navigation  and  for  terminals  to  plan  their  operations.  we  have  to  be  damn  sure  we  give  the  ships  the  right  data,  campfens  said.  at  the  port  of  rotterdam,  we  invest  a  lot  in  data  quality  and  data  governance,  so  stakeholders  can  rely  on  us  as  an  authoritative  source  for  data,  he  said.  he  noted  that  data,  as  with  most  industries  that  are  modernizing,  is  the  currency  of  the  maritime  industry.  you  have  to  have  the  right  data  at  the  right  time  and  in  the  right  place.  the  better  your  data  quality,  the  better  your  decision
__label__controloptimizationautonomy making.  and  just  as  in  other  industries,  we  also  invest  in  international  standardization,  campfens  said.  it  is  crucial  that  systems  between  ship  and  shore  speak  the  same  language  all  over  the  world.  the  aviation  industry  is  way  ahead  on  that  part.  the  benefits  will  gain  apace  as  autonomous  shipping  pervades  the  maritime  industry,  and  its  already  charting  the  course  on  value,  campfens  affirmed.  there  is  so  much  to  gain  in  safety,  efficiency  and  sustainability,  he  said.  i  think  were  heading  there.  lauren  horwitz  is  the  managing  editor  of  cisco.com,  where  she  covers  the  it  infrastructure  market  and  develops  content  strategy.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy previously,  horwitz  was  a  senior  executive  editor  in  the  business  applications  and  architecture  group  at  techtarget;,  a  senior  editor  at  cutter  consortium,  an  it  research  firm;  and  an  editor  at  the  american  prospect,  a  political  journal.  she  has  received  awards  from  american  society  of  business  publication  editors  asbpe,  a  min  best  of  the  web  award  and  the  kimmerling  prize  for  best  graduate  paper  for  her  editing  work  on  the  journal  article  the  fluid  jurisprudence  of  israels  emergency  powers.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  trusted  news  and  resource  site  for  sdx,  sdn,  nfv,  cloud  virtualization  infrastructure  sign  in  to  sdxcentral  martello  technologies  is  leveraging  the  technology  developed  for  its  to  optimize  network  operations  and  systems.  this  work  is  part  of  the  canadian  firms  participation  in  the  blackberry  and  lspark  accelerator  program  a  program  working  to  build  npm  technologies  for  iot.  martello  announced  its  participation  late  last  year  as  one  of  seven  canadian  tech  startups  involved  in  the  program.  the  other  companies  are  a  softwareasaservice  saas  connected  car  startup  evolved  vehicle  environments,  a  secure  wallet  app  bluink,  a  smart  car  application  company  acert,  firm
__label__controloptimizationautonomy kypersecurity,  and  automotive  sensor  startup  soltare.  the  program  lasts  six  months  and  gives  the  companies  an  opportunity  to  build  new  iot  products  using  the  blackberry  qnx  operating  system.  qnx  is  a  software  system  built  for  connected  and  autonomous  cars.  qnx  was  originally  developed  by  quantum  software  systems  and  acquired  by  blackberry  in  2010.  it  is  currently  built  into  a  number  of  the  companys  systems,  including  audi,  cisco,  fiatchrysler,  ford,  general  electric,  lockheed  martin,  and  siemens.  iot  systems  require  secure  managed  network  delivery,  improved  communications  technology,  failover  and  availability,  and  application  uptime  and  security,  which  sdwan  is  primed  to  deliver.  according
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  martello  ceo  john  proctor,  these  systems  are  often  dependent  on  network  performance.  in  autonomous  vehicles,  smart  trains,  or  the  complex  integration  of  this  into  a  smart  city  and  its  sensors,  where  youre  expecting  a  moving  vehicle  to  perform  effectively  or  report  data  in  realtime,  this  is  a  more  complex  challenge.  at  this  level  network  connectivity  is  directly  associated  to  human  safety.  martello  is  uniquely  capable  of  solving  this  problem,  proctor  said,  as  it  has  the  required  expertise  to  manage  realtime  applications  in  tandem  with  its  sdwan  technology.  specifically  this  refers  to  martellos  a  martello  intends  to  use  the  qnx
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  to  optimize  multiple  cellular  providers  in  smart  cars  traveling  at  highway  speeds.  in  order  to  optimize  the  networks  running  on  qnx,  martello  will  build  a  product  based  on  its  and  sdwan.  specifically  in  autonomous  cars,  though  it  could  also  apply  to  smart  cities  and  other  iot  applications,  martellos  combined  technologies  can  help  rank,  limit,  or  promote  different  traffic  streams  whether  theyre  coming  from  a  vehicles  infotainment  system,  a  cell  phone,  or  a  connected  minifridge  allowing  critical  traffic  to  flow  unimpeded,  said  proctor.  while  nearly  all  applications  can  benefit  from  sdwans  ability  to  improve  network  performance,  there  is  a  greater
__label__controloptimizationautonomy challenge  with  iot  applications.  martello  can  address  the  challenges  in  those  applications  like  autonomous  vehicles  and  smart  trains,  where  maintaining  optimal  network  connectivity  and  performance  is  both  critical  and  difficult  to  achieve  using  currently  available  technology,  according  to  proctor.  last  year  was  a  banner  year  for  martello.  the  ottawa,  canadabased  firm  started  the  year  with  a  new  ceo,  john  proctor,  after  its  former  ceo  bruce  linton  stepped  down  to  become  cochairman  of  the  companys  board  of  directors  at  the  end  of  2017.  it  made  a  number  of  acquisitions  including  of  elfiq  networks,  which  enabled  it  to  .  and  in  september,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy posted  on  june  13,  2019  if  you  want  to  solve  a  business  problem  using  a  computer,  you  have  to  connect  to  it.  the  furthest  point  at  which  you  can  connect  the  edge  has  always  been  a  major  frontier  of  computing.  in  the  1950s,  the  edge  was  where  you  were  close  enough  to  feed  punch  cards  into  a  computer.  as  computers  got  smaller  and  cheaper,  networking  expanded  access,  and  the  edge  spread  beyond  centralized  computing  hubs.  today,  mobile  connectivity  and  the  cloud  have  pushed  the  edge  further.  consumers  and  businesses  have  anytime  access  to  virtually  unlimited  computing  power.  we  have  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ability  to  connect  billions  of  small  devices,  creating  an  internet  of  things.  and  were  starting  to  see  iot  scenarios  that  demand  bringing  the  computing  power  to  the  problem.  thats  where  the  autonomous  edge  comes  in.  in  ,  forrester  defines  the  autonomous  edge  as  a  family  of  technologies  that  distributes  application  data  and  services  where  they  can  best  optimize  outcomes  in  a  growing  set  of  connected  assets.  it  includes  edge  infrastructure  and  edge  analytics  software.  in  other  words,  it  .  the  decisions  and  actions  in  autonomous  edge  computing  happen  out  in  the  world.  one  challenge  is  connectivity.  anyone  who  has  had
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  streaming  movie  interrupted  just  before  the  big  plot  twist  knows  that  internet  access  is  not  guaranteed.  now,  imagine  that  instead  of  playing  a  movie,  you  need  a  device  to  decide  whether  an  oil  pump  on  the  russian  steppes  is  about  to  explode,  or  whether  a  hidden  flaw  in  a  highspeed  production  line  is  going  to  create  massive  waste.  in  the  first  case,  you  might  not  have  a  highspeed  internet  connection  available  at  alland  lives  are  at  stake.  in  the  second,  milliseconds  of  time  could  translate  to  millions  of  dollars.  these  are  problems  ideally  suited  for  autonomous  edge  solutions.  whether
__label__controloptimizationautonomy its  in  selfdriving  vehicles,  ,  or  smart  buildings,  the  autonomous  edge  has  incredible  potential  to  transform  our  lives  for  the  better.  for  businesses,  it  can  deliver  a  wide  range  of  benefits,  as  the  forrester  report  shows:  companies  are  already  realizing  these  benefits  with  innovative  autonomous  edge  iot  strategies.  its  realift  rod  pump  control  allows  oil  and  gas  companies  to  monitor  and  configure  pump  settings  and  operations  remotely.  schneider  wanted  to  push  this  capability  further.  if  you  look  at  most  of  the  controllers  that  exist  in  the  market  today,  they  are  reactive,  looking  at  what  is  happening  now  and  responding  accordingly.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  want  to  be  proactive  and  include  predictive  analytics  at  the  edge.  its  a  real  game  changer.  helenio  gilabert,  director  for  scada  and  telemetry  at  schneider  electric.  using  azure  machine  learning  and  azure  iot  edge,  the  company  is  doing  just  that.  running  predictive  models  right  on  the  controller,  realift  can  sense  anomalies  that  show  impending  problems,  change  settings,  or  even  shut  the  pump  down  to  prevent  damage.  processing  video  streams  is  another  powerful  application  of  autonomous  edge.  intelligent  algorithms  can  analyze  video  and  take  actions  based  on  what  they  see  including  counting  open  parking  spots,  finding  gaps  on  retail  shelves,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy detecting  manufacturing  defects,  and  more.  the  problem  is  that  raw  video  streams  are  big.  pushing  them  to  the  cloud  in  full  can  be  slow  and  expensiveespecially  if  youre  talking  hundreds  or  thousands  of  cameras,  or  remote  areas  where  bandwidth  costs  add  up  quickly.  thats  why  .  an  edge  gateway  and  advanced  camerastream  processing  analyze  videos  locally.  the  solution  gleans  the  important  data  and  sends  it  to  the  cloud  as  needed  rather  than  sending  the  videos  themselves.  this  delivers  realtime  performance  and  reduces  compute  costs.  although  the  potential  business  value  is  huge,  there  are  some  unique  challenges  to  overcome.  according  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  forrester  report,  the  top  four  barriers  identified  in  a  survey  of  over  1,900  global  telecommunications  decision  makers  include  security,  organizational  barriers,  device  management,  and  cost.  lets  take  a  look  at  each  one  in  turn.  1.  security  autonomous  edge  devices  have  attack  surfaces  that  are  similar  to  traditional  computers.  plus,  they  run  in  public  places.  extra  security  measures  are  critical  to  protect  against  the  real  threat  of  malware  and  other  attacks.  fortunately,  technology  is  keeping  pace.  for  example,  to  enable  new  levels  of  trust  with  intelligent  iot  devices.  2.  organizational  barriers  when  it  comes  to  the  autonomous  edge,  not  all
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  challenges  are  technical.  operational  silos  can  also  block  progress.  because  autonomous  edge  devices  share  many  similarities  with  computers,  the  it  organization  may  have  the  skills  to  manage  them,  yet  lack  the  authority  to  do  so.  leveraging  your  information  services  departments  skills  can  help  reduce  the  cost  and  complexity  of  edge  projects.  3.  device  management  managing  a  mobile  phone  thats  always  connected  to  the  internet  is  one  thing.  managing  a  well  pump  that  connects  once  a  week  is  another.  thinking  through  the  strategy  is  important.  how  often  do  you  need  to  update  the  os  or  software?  will  you  push  updates
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  the  air,  or  will  technicians  install  them  manually?  how  do  you  check  the  status  of  the  edge  device  separately  from  the  telemetry  it  sends  to  the  cloud?  it  makes  sense  to  start  with  .  4.  cost  the  smarter  the  device,  the  more  expensive  its  likely  to  be,  so  weigh  the  value  of  autonomy.  a  simpler  approach  may  be  better.  some  use  cases  just  need  a  device  that  can  store  data  and  computing  state  when  disconnected.  some  need  to  actuate  a  physical  object,  but  dont  require  the  iot  device  to  make  the  decision  about  when  to  do  so.  all  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy same,  keep  moores  law  in  mind:  what  may  not  be  cost  effective  today  may  be  within  reach  next  quarter.  at  microsoft,  weve  staked  our  success  on  innovation  that  spans  cloud  and  edge.  we  can  help  you  ,  a  fully  managed  service  that  allows  you  to  run  iot  workloads  at  the  edge  so  your  devices  spend  less  time  communicating  with  the  cloud,  react  more  quickly  to  local  changes,  and  operate  reliably  even  in  extended  offline  periods.  ,  and  how  you  can  use  the  autonomous  edge  to  your  advantage.  go  social  hello  from  seattle.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy idc  the  leverage  of  machine  learning,  along  with  big  data,  as  the  combination  to  unlock  the  potential  of  and  new  opportunities  in  iot  was  also  already  on  the  list  of  with  findings  from  ovum  whereby  the  shift  to  the  edge  and  the  advent  of  new  data  analytics  streaming  tools  were  mentioned  as  important  steps  to  feed  machinelearning  engines  and  more  ai  applications.  moreover,  ovum  stated,iot  and  connected  systems  drive  the  adoption  of  ai  as  intelligent  automation  is  needed  to  make  sense  of  the  big  data  that  is  generated  from  sensors.  perhaps  an  overview  of  some  examples  where  this  is  already
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  case  might  make  it  more  tangible.  before  starting  lets  point  out  two  things.  first,  both  iot  and  ai  are  umbrella  terms,  not  technologies.  when  looking  under  the  hood  of  iot  and  ai  it  isnt  that  hard  to  understand  what  both  have  in  common:  data  turned  into  information  into  intelligence  into  decisions  for  meaningful  purposes  across  several  use  cases.  we  also  will  look  a  bit  deeper  though,  among  others  at  some  areas  where  ai  is  changing  the  various  technologies  and  levels  in  the  bigger  iot  and  industrial  iot  picture.  secondly,  if  you  look  at  the  sets  of  technologies  enabling  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ,  as  they  are  depicted  in  idcs  third  platform,  for  instance,  its  important  to  remember  that  they  dont  live  in  splendid  isolation.  just  take  some  typical  technologies  or  rather  technological  areas  in  a  scope  of  industry  4.0:  ,  ,  cloud,  big  data,  robotics,  etc.  its  relatively  obvious  that  they  all  work  side  by  side  with,  for  instance  iot  and  ai.  and  it  shows  in  the  evolutions  of  iot  platforms  and,  in  a  scope  of  industry  4.0,  in  the  increasing  role  of  ai  engines  and  cognitive  capabilities,  as  well  as  support  for  ar  and  digital  twins  in  the  space  of  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy table  of  contents  thirdly,  on  top  of  a  combined  view  on  iot  and  ai  whereby  the  use  cases  of  course  matter  ,  there  are  far  more  combinations:  ,  ai  and  robotics,  iot,  blockchain  and  ai;  you  can  pretty  much  combine  everything.  the  combination  of  iot  and  ai  shouldnt  be  that  surprising  when  one  looks  at  the  essence  and  basic  levels.  several  forms  of  ai  have  been  used  for  literally  decades  in,  essentially,  making  sense  of  data,  locating  data  and  putting  data  at  work,  with  a  focus  on  the  rise  of  .  just  look  at  or  even  document  capture  where  ai
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  anything  but  new.  or  take  contact  center  applications  which  aggregate  various  types  of  data  from  various  types  of  sources  in  various  types  of  formats  and  bring  them  to  the  contact  center  agent  who  can  then  really  serve  a  customer  with  the  key  of  service  at  his/her  fingertips:  endtoend  information  and  insights,  possibly  with  a  twist  of,  for  instance,  sentiment  analysis,  when  social  channels  are  brought  into  the  equation.  maciej  kranz,  cisco  in  fact,  even  in  the  scope  of  the  difficult  task  to  locate  data  across  myriad  locations  there  are  ai  solutions  on  the  market,  for  instance  in  the  context
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  protection  and  compliance  with  the  general  data  protection  regulation  in  order  to  be  compliant  and  respond  to  personal  requests  or  demands  from  you  do  need  to  know  where  personal  data  sits  to  begin  with  and  what  were  the  grounds  on  which  you  next  so,  do  bring  in  ai.  purposes  e.g.  proactive  and  instead  of  reactive  the  latter  especially  but  not  solely  being  an  area  where  also  comes  in  and  often  other  technologies  lets  take  a  look  at  the  essence  in  some  of  these  main  reasons  and  then  list  examples  of  how  iot  and  ai  are  leveraged  together  today.  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy top  of  the  things  and  the  embedded  electronics  e.g.  the  sensors  that  enable  capturing  a  broad  range  of  types  of  condition  and  contextual  state  data  and  communicating  that  data  within  the  device  environment  it  consists  of  ,  ,  iot  communication  technologies,  hardware  and  software  where  aggregation  and  analysis  happens,  the  actual  applications  built  upon  it,  potentially  architectures  such  as  and  so  forth.  herman  de  prins,  cio,  ucb  the  essence  of  iot  is  about  getting  data  from  connected  devices  and  leveraging  that  data  for  a  valuable  reason  which  includes  enabling  people  and  connected  devices  to  take  an  action  based  upon  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy analyzed  and  visualized  data.  so,  it  works  in  two  directions  from  the  physical  device  machine,  actuator  etc.  perspective:  from  data  to  intelligent  action  which  could  also  be  research  or  any  form  of  human  action  and  typically  from  actionable  data  to  action  within  or  by  a  thing.  moreover,  iot  data  in  many  use  cases  do  not  stand  on  their  own,  they  get  leveraged  along  with  other  data  as  well  see  next.  without  these  element  there  is  little  sense  in  connecting  things  of  course.  and  with  big  data  analytics  and  visualization  we  are  already  de  facto  getting  in  artificial  intelligence  in  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy complex  environments  and  applications.  if  you  cant  make  sense  of  the  data  there  is  no  sense  in  getting  it  and  making  sense  of  lots  of  combined  data  is  really  a  matter  of  ai.  the  convergence  of  ,  isnt  just  a  reality  in  several  use  cases,  its  also  driving  new,  next  gen  applications  in  areas  such  as  visualization  technology  and  in  brain  computing  interfaces  as  covered  previously.  karen  butner  its  a  gradual  movement  from  automation  to  autonomy  on  the  level  of  specific  assets  in  and  beyond:  ,  ,  oil  and  gas  operations,  supply  chains,  robotics,  the  list  goes  on.  this  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  area  where  iot  and  ai  are  already  being  used  for  several  use  cases  as  well  see.  of  course  it  takes  a  gradual  approach  and  its  a  matter  of  combining  human  control/decisions  and  autonomous  decisions  on  levels  where  it  makes  most  sense  but  its  key.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  use  cases  and  areas  where  ai  and  iot  de  facto  are  and  increasingly  get  used  in  combination  on  several  levels  and  layers.  as  a  reminder:  the  consists  of  several  layers  and  ai  is  increasingly  being  applied  to  all  layers,  from  embedded  ai  in  iot  to  ai  in  architectures  such
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  the  mentioned  fog  computing  or  in  and  related  software,  hardware  and  communication  services  overall.  its  especially  here  that  embedded  ai  will  become  paramount  as  the  goal  of  both  edge  computing  and  fog  computing  not  the  same  essentially  is  to  make  sense  of  the  data  at  the  edge,  close  to  the  device.  ai  maciej  kranz,  cisco  however,  in  the  overall  picture  of  the  combined  usage  of  ai  and  iot  stretches  even  further  whereby  predictive  optimization  and  predictive  analytics  with  proactive  maintenance  of  critical  building  assets  are  among  the  essential  use  cases  and  machine  learning  is  used  to  inform  a  facility
__label__controloptimizationautonomy operator  that  issues  are  about  to  happen  within  specific  building  areas  or  pieces  of  equipment.  in  fact,  ai  and  iot  are  poised  to  become  cornerstones  in  the  whole  emerging  notion.  from  a  building  perspective  do  note  that  also  in  smart  homes  and  in  e.g.  smart  offices  ai  and  iot  are  increasingly  used  in  a  converged  way  as  well.  there  is  for  instance  a  growing  role  for  e.g.  computer  aided  diagnosis  ,  ai  is  playing  an  essential  role  in  healthcare  facilities  and  hospitals  as  well  and  does  it  need  to  be  said  that  both  ai  and  iot  play  a  significant  role
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  pharmaceutical  industry?  conducted  in  the  spring  of  2017,  herman  de  prins,  cio  at  belgian  biopharma  company  ucb,  explained  how  research  data  increasingly  include  data  generated  by  wearables  connected  devices  ,  patient  data  captured  by  clinicians  and  genetic  data,  on  top  of  clinical  trial  data.  the  consequence?  as  ever  more  data  are  incorporated,  volumes  exponentially  increase.  its  not  hard  to  guess  what  de  prins  saw  as  the  future  of  the  company.  data  analytics  and  artificial  intelligence  indeed.  christopher  roberts,  schneider  electric  ai  and  iot  are  finding  their  place  in  integrated  electronic  health  records,  medical  equipment  and  both  the  facility
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  healthcare  assets  in  hospitals.  with  a  focus  on  patientcentricity,  access  to  healthcare,  cost  of  healthcare  both  for  patients  and  delivery  and  healthcare  quality,  measured  on  patient  outcomes  and  population  health  as  schneider  electrics  lead  healthcare  solution  architect  christopher  roberts  sums  up  the  priorities,  ai  and  iot  already  work  together  in  the  scope  of  the  interoperability  and  data  exchange  between  all  healthcare  facility  centers,  enabling  facility  operators  to  have  a  clear  concise  view  of  what  is  happening  within  the  facility  in  realtime  and  act  upon  it.  moreover,  have  problems  with  their  maintenance  backlog  where  ai  and  iot  again  enter  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predictive  maintenance  and  downtime  reduction  sphere.  also  from  the  perspective  of  the  improvement  of  clinical  workflows  for  clinical  staff  ai  and  iot  are  being  used  so  staff  can  spend  more  time  with  patients.  these  are  just  a  few  examples  of  iot  and  ai  in  healthcare  but  most  of  them  are  already  there  today,  which  is  part  of  the  point  we  want  to  make.  its  clear  that  with  rths  realtime  health  systems  ,  the  increasing  usage  of  robotics  in  healthcare,  smart  beds  in  smart  hospitals,  remote  healthcare  and  so  forth  the  combined  usage  of  ai  and  iot  in  the  will  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy grow.  we  tackled  some  examples  from  2017  research  from  idc,  among  others  putting  ai  and  iot  in  a  context  of  the  increasing  use  of  robots  for  medication  delivery  there  are  already  plenty  of  automated  guided  vehicles  in  hospitals  as  christopher  roberts  reminds  ,  the  shift  from  passive  to  active  patient  engagement  and  care  plan  adjustments  in  real  time  with  ai  using  data  from  wearable  devices,  to  name  a  few.  last  but  not  least  idc  also  forecasted  that  by  2019,  60  of  healthcare  applications  would  collect  realtime  location  data  and  clinical  iot  device  data  and  embed  ai  to  discover  patterns,  freeing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy up  30  of  clinicians  time.  erik  ekudden,  group  cto  ericsson  were  not  going  to  zoom  in  on  the  usage  of  ai  and  iot  in  manufacturing  overall  since  its  a  broad  area  and  there  are  overlaps  with  several  areas  we  touched  upon  but  focusing  on  robots  and  collaborative  robots  which  already  really  are  de  facto  crossindustry  examples  manufacturing,  warehouses  and  logistics  but  also,  for  instance,  the  agricultural  sector  .  depending  on  the  precise  functions  of  cobots  and  robots  they  already  use  iot  and  ai,  deep  learning,  facial  recognition  and  overall  awareness  and  recognition  of  patterns,  behavior,  movement  and  more,  for  example
__label__controloptimizationautonomy leveraging  machine  vision.  you  dont  want  accidents  the  used  materials,  the  humanmachine  interface,  the  acceptance  in  factories,  the  avoiding  of  dangerous  movements  and  far  more  in  order  to  let  cobots  and  robots  do  similar  tasks  with  slightly  different  settings  deep  learning  is  also  already  used,  in  combination  with  machine  vision.  an  example  which  we  described  in  our  article  on  is  that  of  belgian  company  robovision  that  uses  aibased  image  processing  and  deep  learning  in  the  automated  rooting  of  plants  using  robots  which  is  already  done  in  several  agricultural  companies  across  the  globe  .  the  company  was  also  involved  in  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cobot  in  brussels  a  few  years  ago  which  was  part  of  a  research  project  and  leveraged  several  of  the  mentioned  iot  and  ai  technologies.  obviously  cobots  are  already  in  use  in  several  areas.  just  think  about  amazons  warehouses.  and  of  course  intelligent  robots  and  smart  machines  are  used  in  manufacturing  as  well,  just  as  we  see  more  and  more  smart  sensors.  e.g.  autonomous  cars  ibm  institute  for  business  value  today  the  main  use  cases  of  the  combination  of  ai  and  iot  may  be  mainly  found  in  avoiding  downtime  through  predictive  capabilities,  the  improvement  of  operational  efficiency,  making  sense  of  ever
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  iot  data  in  ever  larger  ,  and  ever  more  data,  including  iot  data,  in  research  as  the  biopharma  example  showed  and  so  forth.  referring  back  to  idc:  as  written  before  in  a  context  of  the  dx  economy,  the  research  firm  already  predicted  in  2016  that  by  2019  100  of  all  effective  iot  efforts  would  be  supported  by  cognitive/ai  capabilities.  while  that  percentage  seems  high  do  note  the  word  effective  however  .  the  question  is  not  if  and  why  iot  and  ai  simply  need  each  other  but  where  the  most  meaningful  purposes  across  industries  and  use  cases,  including  the  development
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  new  services  and,  last  but  not  least,  customer,  worker,  operator  and  patient  experiences.  for  more  examples  e.g.  maersk  in  an  iot  and  ai  supply  chain  strategy  ,  use  cases,  business  opportunities  and  customer  value  propositions  you  might  want  to  from  ciscos  maciej  kranz  who  wrote  building  the  internet  of  things  where  ai  is  called  the  brain  and  iot  the  body.  quote:  iot  is  the  body  that  gives  ais  brain  the  ability  to  act.  iot  also  provides  the  data  ai  needs  in  order  to  make  smart  decisionsin  return,  some  of  these  insights  and  decisions  can  then  be  acted  upon  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  and  end  devices  such  as  robots,  drones  and  industrial  machines.  and  adding  blockchain  on  top  as  it  happens  early  2018  ibms  institute  for  business  value  released  research  on  how  iot  and  ai  can  make  a  business  smarter;  we  would  add  can  deliver  tangible  value  in  so  many  useful  areas.  .  where  the  image  above  also  comes  from  that  shows  what  reinventors  think  about  the  combined  benefits  of  ai  and  iot;  the  blog  explains  what  reinventors  are  with  another  image  :  top  achievers  capture  all  forms  of  data  from  a  variety  of  interconnected  devices  and  use  aibased  applications  to  plumb
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  data  to  reach  new  levels  of  operational  and  financial  proficiency.  in  the  many  areas  and  evolutions  he  touches  upon,  machine  intelligence  an  ericsson  term  combining  ai  and  machine  intelligence  methods  as  mentioned  below  ,  iot,  and  other  technologies  are  present  on  several  levels:  with  embedded  nvm  enhancing  the  performance  of  iot  devices  there  are  integrated  silicon  photonic  neuromorphic  chips,  nvidia  gpus  and  gpuaccelerated  databases  converge  machine  learning  and  olap  and  enable  to  boost  throughput  for  iot,  not  to  forget  ibm,  intel,  amd  and  so  forth.  part  of  what  the  previous  point  is  about  e.g.  deep  learning  there  is  far
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more,  among  others  on  the  level  of  the  industrial  iot,  security  in  iot  and  semantic  interoperability,  semantic  applications,  augmented  knowledge,  an  extended  distributed  iot  network,  identity,  analytics  and  so  forth.  a  highly  recommended  overview.  applications  and  use  cases,  what  we  are  seeing  is  an  increasing  combined  usage  of  iot  with  several  technologies  at  the  same  time.  and  its  certainly  not  unexpected.  executives  have  understood  this  evolution  although  of  course  not  all  possibilities  are  seen  yet.  on  the  level  of  the  leverage  of  ai  and  iot,  in  the  edition  20172018  of  its  vodafone  reported  that  79  percent  of  respondents  agreed  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  period  until  2022  more  than  half  of  organizations  will  use  ai  and  machine  learning  to  make  sense  of  iot  data  which  is  really  the  main  use  case  today  as  said  but  only  the  tip  of  the  iceberg  too.  when  idc  looked  at  the  market  of  ai  and  cognitive  in  september  2017,  the  companys  research  director  david  schubmehl  stated  that  cognitive  and  ai  technology  and  solutions  are  weaving  into  an  ever  broader  and  wider  array  of  applications  and  use  cases  as  mentioned  in  our  iot  guide.  this  definitely  goes  for  iot  as  well.  vodafone  iot  barometer  20172018  however  there
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  more:  nextgen  security,  robotics,  advanced  forms  of  ai  which  remains  that  umbrella  term  such  as  deep  learning,  the  evolving  architectures  in  the  scope  of  cloud,  fog  and  edge,  new  chips  with  ever  more  embedded  functions  allowing  for  higher  performance,  operational  technologies  ai  is  changing  virtually  all  applications  in  industrial  environments,  from  plc,  and  to  as  well,  the  latter  in  combination  with  blockchain  and  iot  ,  machine  vision,  advanced  data  analytics,  new  data  management  approaches,  some  newer  forms  of  connectivity  whereby  the  ecosystem  looks  at  ,  the  list  is  sheer  endless  and  as  always  depending  on  context  and  use  case.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  kaleidoscope  of  emerging  technologies  is  advancing  alongside  blockchain  technologies  and  they  will  no  doubt  influence  and  be  influenced  by  one  another.  from  computer  vision  to  deep  learning,  from  3d  printing  to  high  performance  embedded  chips,  many  of  these  will  see  uptake  prior  to  and  alongside  mainstream  blockchain  adoption.others,  such  as  quantum  computing  and  more  yet  to  be  named,  may  shift  development  paradigms  as  well.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy despite  the  breakneck  pace  of  the  tech  news  cycle,  it  isnt  often  that  we  in  the  technology  sector  come  across  news  stories  on  technologies  that  are  as  transformational  as  the  internet  of  things  iot.  a  quick  survey  of  the  landscape  of  iot  solutions  shows  that  these  products  and  services  broadly  focus  on  three  aspects,  namely:  the  majority  of  iot  solutions  in  the  market  today  focus  on  devices  and  data.  while  connecting,  visualizing,  and  interacting  with  digitized  devices  are  part  of  iot  deployment,  the  goal  of  iot  isnt  to  deliver  those  features.  they  simply  add  to  our  experiences.  put  simply,  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy projects  result  in  more  things  to  visualize,  more  data  to  consume,  and  more  decisions  to  make.  while  curiosity  can  help  sell  these  features  at  the  beginning  of  a  project,  no  one  wants  to  view  thousands  of  devices,  consume  their  data,  and  control  them  on  the  daily  basis,  even  if  it  is  via  interactions  with  ar,  vr,  chatbot,  etc.  the  success  of  iot  projects  lies  in  automation.  thats  because  automation  is  what  contributes  significantly  to  the  return  on  investment  of  an  iot  project.  the  promise  of  iot  is  in  selfoptimization  and  the  autonomy  of  connected  things.  we  expect  our  connected  things
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  automate  our  manual  interactions  and  decisions.  interacting  with  those  connected  things  should  be  rare,  and  when  we  do  interact,  it  should  be  a  frictionless  experience  via  chatbot,  ar,  vr,  mobile,  digital  twin,  etc.  so,  a  successful  iot  project  should  include:  lets  take  a  look  at  each  of  these  components.  if  a  customer  wants  to  explore  relationships  between  connected  things  and/or  diagnose  problems,  however,  the  solution  needs  to  include  statistical  and  ai  or  ml  methods  such  as  ,  correlation,  trend  detection,  segment  analysis,  or  to  deliver  specific  insights.  furthermore,  if  a  customer  wants  to  forecast  the  future  performance  of  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy things  in  order  to  avoid  disruptions  and  optimize  business  outcomes,  the  iot  solution  would  require  ai/mlbased  predictive  methods.  while  a  specific  customers  current  stage  of  analytical  maturity  and  the  pace  at  which  they  progress  may  vary,  it  is  no  surprise  that  all  iot  customers  expect  analytics  to  be  part  of  the  solution.  therefore,  analytics  in  iot  solutions  arent  about  a  single  problem  or  single  ai/ml  algorithm.  infusing  analytics  is  about  compiling  the  ai/mlbased  insights  a  customer  needs  to  derive  from  iot  in  order  to  meet  his  or  her  business  needs.  analytical  insights  are  usually  the  starting  point  of  deriving  value
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  an  iot  project.  generally,  insights  require  a  human  to  assess  their  impact  to  business  and  implement  the  appropriate  actions.  deriving  appropriate  actions,  however,  is  typically  the  most  timeconsuming  task.  these  actions  can  also  vary  based  on  the  individuals  level  of  experience  and  usually  requires  optimization  methods  and  reinforcement  learning  in  addition  to  ai/ml  algorithms.  for  example,  an  analytical  insight  could  be  the  predicted  failure  of  an  asset  at  future  date.  an  optimal  decision  that  will  minimize  the  business  disruption  due  to  this  predicted  failure  would  be  to  recommend  an  alternate  asset  that  can  deliver  the  work  of  the  failurebound
__label__controloptimizationautonomy asset  as  well  as  a  time  window  at  which  the  failurebound  asset  can  be  serviced.  the  user  can  then  focus  his  or  her  energy  on  taking  action,  instead  of  figuring  out  how  to  derive  the  right  action  from  insights.  the  specifics  of  data  science  vary  when  the  optimal  decision  to  be  made  varies.  your  target  will  change  as  business  strategy  changes.  therefore,  the  most  desirable  iot  solution  has  a  comprehensive  ai/ml  offering  that  grows  with  the  business.  the  vast  majority  of  iot  business  benefits  are  derived  from  realtime  analytics.  however,  a  business  will  miss  out  on  these  benefits  if  realtime
__label__controloptimizationautonomy decisions  cannot  be  executed  without  human  attention.  therefore,  the  integration  of  iot  solutions  with  the  appropriate  is  key.  the  value  of  iot  analytics  lies  in  utilizing  data  from  connected  things  in  addition  to  contextual  data  from  business  applications.  if  they  are  not  integrated  with  other  applications,  iot  analytics  will  be  solely  based  on  the  data  collected  by  connected  things,  ultimately  providing  a  narrow  view  of  business  that  results  mainly  in  insights  that  require  human  judgement  for  action.  lack  integration  contributes  to  siloed  iot  solutions,  which  naturally  fail  due  to  declining  use  beyond  the  initial  period  of  adoption.  the  business  benefits
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iot  do  not  come  from  a  single  deployment  for  one  specific  business  problem.  instead,  the  benefits  of  iot  come  from  improving  many  business  decisions.  therefore,  the  lessthanideal  state  of  iot  adoption  today  isnt  due  to  a  lack  of  market  readiness,  but  a  lack  of  comprehensive  iot  solutions.  there  are  indeed  solutions  available  that  enable  industrial  companies  to  transform  their  businesses  into  digital  powerhouses  that  deliver  better  employee,  product,  and  customer  experiences.  these  solutions  have  a  significant  impact  because  they  deliver  analytical  insights,  optimal  decisions,  and  automated  business  processes.  therein  lies  the  success  of  iot.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  nec  laboratories  europe,  69115  heidelberg,  germany;  department  of  electrical  engineering  and  information  technology,  university  of  naples  federico  ii,  80138  naples,  italy  department  of  electrical  engineering  and  information  technology,  tu  dortmund  university,  44227  dortmund,  germany  nec  laboratories  europe,  69115  heidelberg,  germany;  nec  laboratories  europe,  69115  heidelberg,  germany;  all  of  the  objects  in  the  real  world  are  envisioned  to  be  connected  and/or  represented,  through  an  infrastructure  layer,  in  the  virtual  world  of  the  internet,  becoming  things  with  status  information.  services  are  then  using  the  available  data  from  this  internetofthings  iot  for  various  social  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy economical  benefits  which  explain  its  extreme  broad  usage  in  very  heterogeneous  fields.  domain  administrations  of  diverse  areas  of  application  developed  and  deployed  their  own  iot  systems  and  services  following  disparate  standards  and  architecture  approaches  that  created  a  fragmentation  of  things,  infrastructures  and  services  in  vertical  iot  silos.  coordination  and  cooperation  among  iot  systems  are  the  keys  to  build  smarter  iot  services  boosting  the  benefits  magnitude.  this  article  analyses  the  technical  trends  of  the  future  iot  world  based  on  the  current  limitations  of  the  iot  systems  and  the  capability  requirements.  we  propose  a  hyperconnected  iot  framework  in  which  things  are  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  multiple  interdependent  services  and  describe  how  this  framework  enables  the  development  of  future  applications.  moreover,  we  discuss  the  major  limitations  in  todays  iot  and  highlight  the  required  capabilities  in  the  future.  we  illustrate  this  global  vision  with  the  help  of  two  concrete  instances  of  the  hyperconnected  iot  in  smart  cities  and  autonomous  driving  scenarios.  finally,  we  analyse  the  trends  in  the  number  of  connected  things  and  point  out  open  issues  and  future  challenges.  the  proposed  hyperconnected  iot  framework  is  meant  to  scale  the  benefits  of  iot  from  local  to  global.  the  internetofthings  iot  concept  has  been  broadly  adopted  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy heterogeneous  communities  due  to  its  potential  benefits.  progresses  in  technologies  enabled  the  realization  of  todays  iot  services.  nevertheless,  new  technical  capabilities  are  needed  to  realize  smarter  iot  services  or  even  open  possibilities  not  viable  today.  in  the  current  iot,  multiple  data  sources  contribute  sensing  information  and  the  sensed  data  is  gathered  into  a  single  cloud  service.  let  us  consider  the  example  use  case  of  environmental  monitoring  for  noise  pollution  measurement  in  a  city.  data  from  sources  such  as  noise  sensors  and  peoples  comments  from  social  media  are  gathered  in  for  the  particular  cloud  service  and  these  sources  are  used  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  the  city  noise  measurement  purpose.  in  the  future,  on  the  other  hand,  produced  data  need  to  be  shared  among  multiple  applications.  therefore,  the  linkage  between  objects,  devices,  edge  devices,  actuators,  agencies,  and  services  needs  to  evolve  to  manytomany  instead  of  the  current  manytoone  or  ontoone  linkages.  this  unique  characteristic  requires  transparent  discovery  and  information  exchanges  opening  to  more  opportunities  for  information  mashups  among  interdependent  and  symbiotic  cloud  services.  this  article  points  out  the  technical  deficiencies  in  the  current  iot  and  proposes  a  hyperconnected  iot  framework  which  connects  in  synergy  multiple  interdependent  services.  the  first  technical  capability  lacking  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy present  systems  is  the  ability  to  orchestrate  data  analytics  among  distributed  and  federated  iot  systems  ,  where  the  orchestration  is  automatically  considering  as  parameters  privacy  rules,  geographical  iot  components  topology  ,  realtime  constraints  and  qualityofservice.  a  second  aspect  that  hampers  the  global  iot  interconnection  is  the  scarcity  of  information  transparency  that  encompasses  the  semantic  interoperability  capabilities,  which  ensures  consistent  data  exchange  among  heterogeneous  systems,  and  the  semantic  mediation  between  iot  systems  that  enables  interaction  between  different  system  interfaces.  finally,  a  third  aspect  is  the  management  of  iot  resources  in  a  contextualized  manner,  in  order  to  overcome  the  isolation  of  vertical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  silos.  it  is  necessary  to  seamlessly  manage  diversified  information,  from  physical  sensing  data  such  as  temperature  observations  measured  by  a  sensor  on  a  street  lamp  post  to  highlevel  contextual  information  e.g.,  disaster  detection  and  monitoring  within  a  geographic  area  inferred  from  the  status  of  multiple  things  both  physical,  and  virtual  such  as  social  media  data.  thus,  to  realize  this  vision  iot  advancements  on  data  analytics,  standardization,  and  resource  and  context  management  are  required.  while  this  article  focuses  on  smart  cities  as  important  realization  of  iot  services,  the  future  iot  framework  is  envisioned  for  many  different  applications  of  iot  such
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  smart  transportation,  healthcare,  public  services,  smart  commercial  buildings,  smart  homes,  and  smart  industry.  as  extension  of  our  previous  work  ,  this  article  presents  also  two  instances  of  hyperconnected  iot  framework  in  smart  cities  and  autonomous  driving  scenarios,  both  with  a  detailed  depiction  of  their  architecture  and  functionalities.  in  addition,  we  have  made  a  deeper  analysis  of  core  concepts  of  the  future  iot  such  as  information  transparency,  where  we  have  brought  an  actual  example  of  semantic  approach  to  context  managing,  and  resource  and  context  management,  showing  a  seamless  and  transparent  federation  of  different  heterogeneous  systems.  we  have  then  performed  experiments
__label__controloptimizationautonomy assessing  the  performance  impact  of  the  federation  of  iot  systems  in  comparison  with  centralized  iot  platform.  moreover,  we  have  extended  the  open  challenges  discussion  including  the  current  advancements  into  standardization  bodies  and  industrial  associations  that  aim  to  address  aspects  of  the  challenges.  the  remainder  of  this  paper  is  formed  by  the  presentation  of  the  future  iot  framework  and  its  technical  requirements  together  with  an  example  of  the  envisioned  iot  framework  into  an  autonomous  driving  in  large  scale.  highlighted  needed  capabilities  are  deeper  discussed  in  .  realizations  of  hyperconnected  iot  frameworks  are  depicted  in  .  reports  our  evaluation  of  federated  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy platforms.  we  then  present  considerations  about  trends  and  growth  of  iot  and  we  discuss  future  challenges  and  open  issues  of  the  future  iot  .  the  interested  reader  might  enjoy  following  the  references  reported  in  .  in  the  last  section  ,  we  make  a  back  overview  of  the  discussed  topics  and  present  our  next  steps  on  moving  towards  the  future  of  internetofthings.  in  this  work,  we  present  instantiations  and  technical  capability  advancements  of  the  hyperconnected  iot  framework  ,  proposed  in  our  previous  work  ,  that  envisions  the  collaboration  of  multiple  services.  these  services  utilize  and  produce  resources  such  as  data  sources,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy objects,  and  data  analytics  components  and  context  with  each  other  following  an  omnidirectional  topology,  differentiating  from  the  vertical  approach  of  todays  iot  instances.  the  information  in  the  future  iot  framework  is  represented  as  a  knowledge  graph  shared  among  multiple  iot  domains  with  both  nodes  representing  things  and  links  between  them  discovered  by  automated  services.  summarizes  the  needed  technical  capabilities  with  some  of  them  highlighted  in  bold  in  the  figure  that  are  later  discussed  in  .  key  technical  tipping  points  towards  the  future  hyperconnected  internetofthings.  the  future  iot  framework  capabilities  are  horizontally  placed  on  vertical  iot  elements  such  as  device,  edge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  cloud.  data  is  produced  by  sources  through  the  observation  of  the  realworld  such  as  physical  phenomena  measurements.  the  capabilities  are  then  fulfilled  by  functions  that  are  executed  either  in  the  cloud  or  in  the  edge  depending  on  the  hardware  resource  requirements  such  as  storage,  communication  and  computation,  realtime  constraints,  and/or  optimization  of  network  bandwidth  .  moreover,  due  to  the  geographically  distributed  nature  of  the  iot  services,  edge  computing  has  become  very  significant  .  some  of  the  data  sources  might  be  devices  comprehensive  of  computation  and  communication  capability  e.g.,  smartphones,  cars  hence  able  to  actively  participate  at  the  execution  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  iot  framework  capabilities  as  dew  computing  .  a  depicts  the  horizontal  placement  of  the  highlighted  iot  platform  capabilities  on  the  vertical  iot  elements.  the  first  is  servicedefined  data  analytics  that  configures  data  analytics  as  a  topology  of  functions,  each  of  which  are  placed  on  the  cloud  or  edge  or  even  device  depending  on  the  requirements  of  the  service.  for  example,  at  the  edge,  some  stream  analytics  are  executed  in  order  to  reduce  the  amount  of  data  or  to  apply  privacypreservation  algorithm  such  as  data  anonymization.  the  cloud,  which  is  orders  of  magnitude  richer  in  terms  of  physical  resources,  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy then  responsible  for  performing  highdemanding  computation  for  data  analytics  e.g.,  mapreduce  tasks.  the  second  capability  is  the  information  transparency  that  aims  to  make  the  data  understandable  and  usable  by  heterogeneous  iot  systems  and  applications  by  hiding  the  complexity  of  the  iot  elements  topology.  the  translation  of  raw  data  to  a  common  form  is  made  by  the  semantic  mediation,  usually  left  to  the  edge  of  the  iot  e.g.,  iot  gateways,  whereas  the  semantic  interoperability  is  performed  as  cloud  services.  finally,  the  third  capability  is  the  resource  and  context  management  that  allows  the  handling  of  data  not  only  as  isolated  pieces  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  or  isolated  datasets  but  as  a  global  virtual  graph  of  things,  having  attributes  representing  the  things  status,  linked  with  each  other.  the  edge  is  left  to  associate  the  incoming  realworld  observations  to  a  thing  uniquely  identified  by  a  knowledge  base.  the  data  is  then  semantically  discoverable  at  the  cloud  level,  having  the  latter  a  broader  view  of  the  iot  elements,  making  possible  a  mashup  of  heterogeneous  information  coming  from  heterogeneous  data  sources.  future  hyperconnected  iot.  a  generic  future  iot  framework  deployment  is  depicted  in  b  where  each  one  of  the  cloud  services,  often  indicated  as  iot  domains,  are  handling
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors,  edge  nodes  and  cloud  nodes.  those  cloud  services  are  connected  with  each  other  through  a  network  of  iot  brokers  that  broker  iot  messages  requests  and  data  from  a  cloud  service  to  another.  in  order  to  announce  their  availability,  each  of  the  cloud  services  announces  what  their  capabilities  are  through  a  registration  to  its  iot  broker.  as  an  application  scenario  of  the  future  hyperconnected  iot,  we  analyse  an  iot  framework  for  autonomous  driving  in  large  scale  environments  such  as  cities.  we  first  describe  a  layered  view  of  iot  for  autonomous  driving  functionalities  and  then  provide  a  federation  view  for  scalability.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  shows  a  functional  view  of  a  highlevel  iot  architecture  for  the  considered  use  cases.  this  view  can  be  seen  as  an  extension  to  the  iot  architecture  reference  model  iot  arm  .  there  exist  four  layers,  starting  from  the  things  and  external  services  layer  and  continues  with  network  layer  ,  iot  layer  ,  and  application  layer  .  iotenhanced  autonomous  driving.  the  things  layer  includes  any  possible  actively  or  passively  connected  e.g.,  observer,  actuator,  or  an  object  being  observed  things.  the  vehicles  include  autonomous  cars,  drones,  public  transportation  vehicles,  nonautonomous  vehicles,  and  so  on.  external  services  can  provide  information  related  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy traffic  situations  or  other  related  information  such  as  weather  conditions.  the  network  layer  provides  the  communication  capabilities  to  provide  connectivity  through  advanced  5g  technologies  and  itsg5  intelligent  transport  systems  operating  in  the  5  ghz  frequency  band  for  vehicle  to  vehicle  or  vehicle  to  roadside  communication.  the  iot  layer  has  functional  building  blocks  such  as  device  management,  context  management,  semantic  interoperability,  process  and  service  management,  security,  and  data  analytics.  applications  of  autonomous  driving  systems  are  built  on  top  of  the  iot  infrastructure  and  they  may  include  services  such  as  optimization  of  autonomous  transportation  using  cars  or  taxis.  b  shows  the  federated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy architecture  of  multiple  pilot  sites  regions  where  each  pilot  has  its  own  cloud  infrastructure  served  by  iot  platforms  such  as  fiware  ,  and  onem2m  .  the  pilot  sites  are  connected  to  each  other  through  the  federated  iot  platform.  the  interfacing  between  the  different  pilot  sites  or  different  clouds  of  pilot  sites  are  provided  by  the  iot  broker  components  which  implement  next  generation  service  interface  ngsi  protocol  .  data  analytics  in  the  future  iot  needs  to  adapt  to  the  intrinsic  distributed  nature  of  iot.  thus,  the  data  is  processed  at  every  layer  of  iot  i.e.,  device,  edge  and  cloud.  this  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy not  only  for  scalability  reasons  such  as  minimizing  network  bandwidth  by  filtering  or  aggregate  useless  and  redundant  data  but  also  for  taking  into  consideration  the  high  dynamism  of  iot  infrastructure  topology  e.g.,  new  devices  joining  the  iot  system,  mobile  devices  changing  their  physical  location,  battery  powered  devices  temporary  unavailable  because  of  recharging,  intermittent  communication  channel  to  devices.  moreover,  privacy  requirements  steer  the  decision  about  the  allocation  of  processing  tasks  since  it  is  always  wiser  to  execute  privacy  preserving  data  processing  as  closest  as  possible  to  the  generation  of  the  data.  the  needed  analytics  are  leveraged  by  iot  services  with  heterogeneous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy requirements  such  as  geographical  scope  of  data  analytics  or  qualityofservice  .  the  data  analytics  framework  of  the  future  iot  transforms  data  analytics  requests  to  multiple  atomic  tasks  to  be  instantiated  and  orchestrated  among  the  edge  and  cloud  layers  depending  on  the  service  requirements.  as  an  example  of  a  servicedefined  data  analytics,  we  consider  crowd  mobility  analytics  that  estimates  the  crowd  levels  within  an  area  and  the  flow  of  people  moving  between  areas.  data  sources  e.g.,  wifi  sniffers,  bluetooth  beacons,  ambient  sensors  such  as  temperature  sensors  generate  observation  of  the  real  world.  edge  nodes  act  as  gateways,  collecting  the  observations  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy then  sending  them  to  cloud  nodes.  with  the  concept  of  servicedefined  data  analytics,  the  processing  is  decomposed  in  multiple  tasks.  thus,  the  needed  analytics  can  be  divided  into  two  categories,  the  first  for  lightweight  tasks  that  can  run  on  the  edge  nodes  and  the  second  for  powerconsuming  tasks  to  be  executed  on  cloud  nodes.  in  the  first  category,  for  our  example,  we  can  include  the  stream  processing  part  which  comprehends  a  filtering  task  that  filters  redundant  or  unnecessary  data,  and  a  privacy  preserving  task  that  anonymizes  the  observations  important  for  wifi  monitoring.  in  the  second  category,  continuing  the  example,  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  include  the  batch  processing  part  where  historical  data  is  aggregated  and  patterns  are  detected.  the  capability  of  having  transparent  exchange  is  fundamental  for  the  future  hyperconnected  iot  systems.  this  capability  consists  of  semantic  interoperability  and  semantic  mediation.  interoperability  is  the  ability  of  multiple  systems  to  exchange  data.  semantic  interoperability  ensures  consistency  of  data  across  interacting  systems  regardless  of  their  individual  data  formats  as  these  systems  attribute  the  same  meaning  to  the  exchanged  data.  the  semantics  of  data  can  be  defined  in  a  way  that  different  data  formats  use  a  shared  vocabulary  and  the  vocabulary  is  specified  in  an  ontology.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  concept  of  semantic  interoperability  is  applicable  to  all  elements  of  the  future  iot  framework  from  data  sources  to  cloud  and  applications.  semantic  mediation  is  the  capability  of  transforming  data  coming  from  one  system  to  make  it  useful  to  another  system.  to  achieve  interoperability  cloud  needs  to  have  certain  standards  so  that  it  can  provide  contextualized  access  to  the  applications.  conversion  of  data  that  has  certain  standards  such  as  onem2m  to  other  standards  such  as  fiware  oma  ngsi  open  mobile  alliance  next  generation  service  interface  can  be  done  on  both  edge  and  cloud  .  considering  that  there  are  many  existing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy standards  and  communication  protocols,  semantic  mediation  is  necessary  for  the  realization  of  communications  interoperability  between  different  iot  elements  and  devices  with  heterogeneous  communication  protocols  e.g.,  wifi,  zigbee,  bluetooth,  3gpp.  an  example  of  a  semantic  approach  to  iot  interoperability  is  the  combination  of  open  standards  such  as  oma  ngsi  with  the  semantic  concept  of  ontology  see  such  as  the  one  developed  within  the  fiestaiot  eu  project  ,  which  is  a  synthesis  of  known  ontologies  and  taxonomies  such  as  semantic  sensor  networkssn  ,  m3lite  ,  iotlite  with  the  aim  of  covering  the  contexts  generated  by  multiple  heterogeneous  iot  deployments.  the  ontology  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy conceived  to  deal  with  resources  description  and  observations.  combining  the  context  management  interface  standard  oma  ngsi  with  semantics  offered  by  the  fiestaiot  ontology.  in  an  ontology,  rich  and  complex  knowledge  is  represented  as  a  graphs  of  nodes,  expressing  things,  and  links  between  nodes  that  express  the  relationship  between  two  things.  things  are  categorized  in  classes  and  every  thing  is  an  instance  of  a  class.  a  class  may  have  subclasses,  and  an  instance  of  a  class  is  also  an  instance  of  all  the  superclasses  of  such  class.  classes  and  relationships  are  specified  into  taxonomies  and  an  ontology  can  use  classes  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy relationships  from  one  or  more  taxonomies.  each  class  and  property  used  into  an  ontology  is  uniquely  identified  by  a  namespace  prefix  and  the  class  or  property  specific  name.  for  example,  ssn:sensor  is  a  class  defined  in  the  ssn  ontology.  for  sake  of  readability,  in  this  paragraph,  we  are  omitting  the  namespace  prefix,  but  they  are  all  represented  in  .  in  the  fiestaiot  ontology,  the  observation  is  the  core  element  that  bridges  the  physical  phenomena  sensed  in  the  m3lite  taxonomy  via  the  quantitykind  e.g.,  temperature  ,  countpeoplemoving  .  this  taxonomy  is  fundamental  to  cover  the  many  different  sensors  of  various  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deployments.  each  observation  has  a  timestamped  instant  ,  a  location  point  ,  a  unit  unit  ,  observed  by  a  sensor  sensor  that  is  the  superclass  for  all  kind  of  sensors  as  defined  in  the  m3lite  taxonomy  e.g.,  thermometer  ,  peopleflowcountsensor  .  in  the  ngsi  standard,  each  piece  of  ngsi  context  data  refers  to  an  identifier  of  the  entity,  namely  entityid  and  reports  several  contextattributes  .  entityids  might  have  one  or  more  domainmetadata  which  specify  metadata  in  common  to  all  the  attributes  e.g.,  the  location  of  the  sensed  attributes.  in  addition,  each  contextattributes  might  have  multiple  attributemetadata  that  are  specific  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  attribute.  the  mapping  of  the  fiestaiot  ontology  with  the  ngsi  format  is  shown  in  .  the  instance  of  the  ssn:sensor  is  used  as  the  name  of  the  entityid,  whereas  the  specific  class  of  such  instance  is  set  as  its  type,  the  ispattern  that  is  used  to  indicate  whether  entityid  identifies  a  range  of  entities  is  set  always  to  false.  each  ssn:observation  is  uniquely  linked  to  a  contextattribute  that  takes  the  qu:quantitykind  as  name,  the  class  of  dul:hasdatavalue  as  type  and  the  ssn:observationvalue  as  contextvalue.  furthermore,  each  contextattribute  has  one  attributemetadata  for  the  qu:unit  and  another  one  for  the  time:instant.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  location  of  the  sensor  is  stored  as  a  domainmetadata  for  all  the  attributes.  oma  ngsi  is  currently  under  study  of  the  context  information  management  cim  working  group  of  the  european  telecommunications  standards  institute  etsi  for  evolving  in  a  new  version  that  incorporates  linked  data  concepts  is  and  formatted  in  ngsilinked  data  ngsild  .  therefore,  it  is  allowed,  if  not  even  recommended,  the  usage  of  an  ontology  in  combination  with  the  context  management.  in  the  future  iot  framework,  the  resourcecontext  management  refers  to  the  contextualization  process  from  data  to  services  which  requires  the  capabilities  of  resourceentity  mapping  and  semanticbased  discovery
__label__controloptimizationautonomy .  in  the  traditional  iot  framework,  multiple  entities  which  are  objects  in  the  real  world  e.g.,  sensors,  actuators,  and  cloud  services  are  considered  together  to  provide  resources  e.g.,  such  as  data  and  context  for  a  single  purpose.  for  example,  sensing  readings  from  the  temperature  and  humidity  sensors  in  a  smart  home  are  only  used  to  trigger  the  heating  system.  however,  the  future  iot  platforms  consist  of  multiple  interdependent  systems  that  collaborate  with  each  other  in  a  symbiotic  manner  to  share  all  available  resources.  as  shown  in  ,  multiple  singlepurpose  iot  deployments  e.g.,  a  smart  home,  videosurveillance  owned  by  different  parties
__label__controloptimizationautonomy e.g.,  private  home  owner,  homeland  security,  depicted  as  silos,  have  their  own  sensors  and/or  devices,  computation  capabilities  to  analyse  data  locally  e.g.,  complex  event  processing,  and  storage  capabilities  with  a  context  management  that  handles  data.  silos  are  then  handled  by  a  domain  administration  in  the  cloud  that  allows  interconnectivity  with  other  domains  and  therefore  other  silos.  sharing  resources  allow,  for  instance,  temperature  and  humidity  readings  in  smart  homes  to  contribute  a  cityscale  monitoring  system.  thus,  the  capability  of  resourceentity  mapping  enables  omnidirectional  information  flows  across  devices,  edge,  cloud,  and  systems  to  collaboratively  leverage  these  resources.  here,  resources  are  not  limited
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  physical  sensing  data,  but  they  can  be  highlevel  contextual  information  shared  among  multiple  entities  in  the  real  world.  resources  and  context  management  federation.  the  whole  interconnection  of  resources  creates  a  next  generation  of  context,  resembling  a  global  distributed  graph  of  information,  that  can  be  seamlessly  accessed  by  any  actors  of  the  internetofthings.  data  requests  are  brokered  by  specific  components,  namely  next  generation  brokers  ng  brokers,  that  dispatch  data  requests  to  providers  of  the  requested  data  and  aggregate  the  responses  before  to  return  back  to  the  requester  achieving  a  transparent  global  iot  since  the  iot  topology  is  kept  hidden  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  producers  and  data  consumers  perspectives.  semanticbased  discovery  removes  the  need  for  human  involvement  and  assistance  and  allows  worldwide  iot  applications  to  have  fully  automated  reconfiguration  and  information  mashups.  highlevel  contextual  information  are  computed  by  processes  of  knowledge  extractions  that  combine  sensed  resources  mapping  them  to  common  entity  models  and  information  model.  this  capability  generates  new  metadata  and  attributes  necessary  for  linking  information  into  a  context  mashups.  for  instance,  crowdsensed  measurements  of  noise  through  smartphones  are  aggregated  to  assess  the  noise  level  of  a  city  neighbourhood  level.  the  produced  data  and  knowledge  might  be  not  of  much  value  if  those
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  not  interpreted  for  understanding  a  situation  of  the  real  world.  for  example,  some  indexes  of  high  values  of  temperature  and  co2  together  with  detected  hectic  crowd  patterns,  if  correctly  interpreted,  would  permit  the  identification  of  an  ongoing  fire  break.  this  interpretation  is  done  by  situation  classification  analytics  components,  of  which  output  is  either  signalled  to  a  human  or  automatically  triggers  actions.  in  addition  to  these  specific  contextualization  computation,  other  stream  analytics  processing  are  executed  for  various  purposes  such  as  privacy  preservation,  data  polishing,  sensor  fusion.  as  we  have  seen  in  ,  we  envision  the  data  analytics  as  topologies  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy atomic  analytics  functions  or  tasks  dynamically  instantiated  within  the  artificial  intelligence  ai  layer  federated  among  systems  see  .  due  to  the  fact  that  computation  and  storage  capabilities  are  distributed,  data  analytics  routines,  modelled  as  topologies  of  analytics  functions  e.g.,  lambda  functions,  might  be  physically  distributed  according  to  several  optimization  directives  with  different  perspectives  orchestrated  by  a  stream  analytics  system.  the  synergistic  work  of  analytics  and  data  flowing  towards  the  analytics  functions  is  handled  by  the  next  generation  context  management  exploiting  the  common  meaning  given  to  the  information  among  the  hyperconnected  iot.  security  layer,  horizontally  placed  on  all  the  components  handling
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  exposing  data,  is  managed  by  local  administrations  that  allow  the  owner  of  the  iot  deployments  to  have  full  control  of  the  data,  and  consequently  regulates  analytics  access  and  computation  over  the  data.  in  this  section,  we  are  showing  two  examples  of  an  actual  realization  of  the  hyperconnected  iot  vision  based  on  two  realworld  scenarios:  a  smart  city  and  iot  augmented  autonomous  driving.  as  an  example  of  future  application  that  makes  use  of  crosscloud  interoperation,  we  have  implemented  a  smart  city  application,  named  smartcity  magnifier.  the  application  purpose  is  to  analyse  the  situation  of  generic  geographic  areas  and  compute  indicators
__label__controloptimizationautonomy representing  the  health  of  the  urban  and  natural  environments.  the  outcome  of  the  indicators  are  then  showed  into  a  dashboard  that  highlights  the  critical  situations  such  as  emergencies  e.g.,  fire  breaks,  high  crowd  densities,  and  urban  and  rural  pollution.  the  data  is  harvested  from  data  sources  belonging  to  different  iot  domains  hosted  by  separated  iot  clouds  and  going  through  a  process  of  associating  observations  to  realworld  things  e.g.,  a  city  or  a  neighbourhood  and  then  analyse  the  situations  related  to  those  things.  shows  the  concrete  implementation  architecture  of  the  smartcity  magnifier  application.  data  are  acquired  by  many  semantic  mediation  gateways
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smgs  that  have  the  purpose  of  semantically  translating  from  a  format  protocol  and  data  model  to  another  format.  in  this  application,  smgs  transform  data  to  ngsi  format  modelled  with  fiestaiot  ontology  see  .  the  integrated  iot  deployments  are  either  coming  from  the  fiestaiot  system  ,  ,  from  crowd  mobility  iot  deployments  in  new  zealand  or  from  the  smart  city  of  murcia  offered  by  the  smartie  eu  project  .  the  deployments  behind  the  fiestaiot  framework  are  exposing  the  iot  data  either  through  the  fiestaiot  historical  triple  store  accessible  via  sparql  protocol  and  rdf  query  language  sparql  queries  or  via  exposed  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy endpoints,  discoverable  again  through  a  sparql  query,  for  every  available  sensors.  in  both  cases,  the  data  format  is  plain  jsonlinked  data  jsonld  annotated  with  the  fiestaiot  ontology.  through  the  fiestaiot  platform,  more  than  7500  sensors  or  resources  could  be  accessed  from  10  testbeds  reporting  environmental  data  e.g.,  outdoor  temperature,  humidity,  particles  concentration,  luminosity,  noise  level,  road  traffic  monitoring  e.g.,  vehicle  speed,  traffic  intensity,  car  and  bike  parking  spots,  public  transportation  status  e.g.,  bus  estimated  arrival  times,  vehicle  localization,  garbage  management,  soil  and  trees  monitoring  urban  parks  and  garden,  rural  areas,  pedestrian  presence  detector,  electromagnetic  outdoor  exposure,  smart  building/office  information  e.g.,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy human  presence,  power  consumption,  heating  ventilation  and  air  conditioninghvac  system,  solar  panels,  signal  power  and  power  consumption  of  wireless  sensors,  and  sea  water  quality  e.g.,  ph,  ammonium.  the  crowd  mobility  deployments  from  new  zealand  are  instead  exposing  the  data  via  an  ad  hoc  json  format.  the  murcia  smart  city  data,  comprehensive  of  430  city  wide  urban  mobility  sensors  e.g.,  traffic  sensors,  bike  and  car  parking  spot  sensors,  public  transportation  status  sensors  and  25  smart  building  sensors  in  the  university  campus,  can  be  accessed  via  the  ngsi  interface,  which  is  following  an  ad  hoc  data  format  defined  by  the  specific  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy silo  owner.  realization  of  the  smartcity  magnifier  application  leveraging  semantic  mediation  ,  semantic  interoperability  ,  resource  orchestration  and  federation  of  iot  platforms  .  the  interoperable  data  is  then,  on  the  one  hand,  handled  on  multiple  iot  broker  instances  federated  in  a  topology  of  peers,  and,  on  the  other  hand,  orchestrated  by  the  fogflow  framework  which  offers  a  servicedefined  analytics  layer  see  .  the  federation  of  brokers  is  meant  both  to  enhance  the  scalability  of  the  whole  system,  since  the  data  coming  from  the  iot  deployments  are  sharded  among  them,  and  to  differentiate  iot  domains.  any  of  the  brokers  is  able
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  provide  all  the  available  data  in  the  federation  through  a  single  ngsi  request,  necessitating  sometimes  of  a  multihop  connection,  transparently  executed,  if  data  are  not  directly  provided  by  the  contacted  broker.  the  data  analytics  instead  is  made  of  atomic  tasks  handled  and  instantiated  by  the  fogflow  framework  which  manages  the  available  computation  resources  and  orchestrates  the  data  stream  between  tasks.  since  the  future  smart  cities  take  place  in  a  digital  realtime  world,  realtime  information  fusion  through  the  hyperconnected  iot  framework  are  required  to  provide  contextualized  information  to  the  different  levels  for  executing  necessary  actuations.  a  first  task  performs  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy contextualization  that  associates  virtual  entities  to  the  incoming  observations.  contextualizing,  in  this  scope,  is  the  act  of  inferring  the  realworld  things  e.g.,  a  building,  a  street,  a  square,  a  suburb,  a  city  etc.  to  which  each  geotagged  observation  belongs,  making  usage  of  the  knowledge  storage  offered  by  external  knowledge  bases  such  as  openstreetmap  .  one  observation  might  be  associated  to  one  or  more  realworld  things,  for  instance,  an  observation  of  outdoor  temperature  sensor  attached  to  a  building  wall  can  be  associated  to  such  building,  to  the  street  where  the  building  is  located,  to  the  neighbourhood  and  to  the  city.  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  same  time,  one  thing  can  have  more  than  one  observations  associated,  for  example,  if  two  temperature  sensors  are  located  on  two  buildings  in  the  same  street,  such  street  has  two  sources  of  temperature  observations.  since  the  data  contextualization  does  not  need  raw  data  from  other  sources,  it  can  be  executed  on  the  edge  or  on  the  cloud  specific  of  the  data  source  domain  without  accessing  the  federation.  the  data  aggregation  groups  the  incoming  observations  by  the  inferred  things.  the  aggregation  makes  usage,  for  instance,  of  statistics  means.  the  indicators  computation  is  calculating  smart  city  key  performance  indicators  kpis  assessing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  status  of  city  and  identifying  critical  situations.  the  latter  two  data  analytics  tasks  necessitates  crossdomain  data  and  therefore  they  make  data  requests  trough  the  federation.  relating  the  smartcity  magnifier  with  the  conceptualization  of  ,  data  contextualization  and  aggregation  tasks  are  knowledge  extraction  whereas  indicators  computation  task  is  situation  classification.  the  output  of  the  analytics  is  handled  again  by  the  federated  iot  brokers.  the  dashboard  is  then  acquiring  the  information  and  visualizing  it  on  a  map  presenting  the  alerts  and  warnings  with  the  means  of  several  visualization  widget  tools.  the  same  visualization  dashboard  is  used  for  visualizing  all  the  situations
__label__controloptimizationautonomy inferred  from  the  iot  silos  integrated  in  europe,  korea  and  new  zealand,  with  a  total  of  13  city  areas  guildford  in  the  united  kingdom,  santander  and  murcia  in  spain,  seoul  in  south  korea,  toulouse  and  paris  in  france,  heraklion  and  volos  in  greece,  waterford  in  ireland,  minervino  murge  in  italy,  wellington  and  christchurch  in  new  zealand.  since  the  analytics  processing  tasks  are  working  on  homogeneous  semantically  annotated  data,  the  geographic  scope  of  the  dashboard  map  can  simply  be  navigated  to  focus  on  a  different  city.  we  built  a  crowd  estimation  and  mobility  analytics  cema  service  which  is  beneficial  for  enhancing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  driving  through  iot.  here,  we  focus  on  the  crowd  size  estimation  given  by  the  service  based  on  the  level  of  wifi  activities  in  the  surrounding  of  the  deployed  wifi  sniffers.  wifi  sniffers  are  statically  deployed  on  the  roadside  as  well  as  in  the  autonomous  vehicles  by  including  gps  sensor  for  knowing  the  positions  of  the  vehicles.  this  subsection  describes  the  use  of  the  proposed  cema,  federation,  fogflow,  and  smg  technologies  in  the  smart  mobility  domain  for  iotenhanced  autonomous  driving.  integration  of  these  technologies  with  other  iot  and/or  autonomous  driving  components  makes  the  use  of  them  possible  in  the  pilot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tests,  which  are  conducted  at  the  technical  university  of  eindhoven  campus  in  the  netherlands.  the  purpose  is  to  estimate  crowdedness  in  the  university  campus  and  leverage  measurements  coming  from  many  vehicles  to  create  a  dynamic  map  of  the  crowd.  by  using  the  dynamic  map,  the  autonomous  vehicles  can  make  routing  decisions  such  as  choosing  a  less  crowded  path  or  other  decisions  such  as  speed  enforcement  during  certain  events  where  many  pedestrians  exist.  shows  the  integration  of  components  for  the  aforementioned  purpose.  in  the  invehicle  iot  side,  we  deploy  a  device  including  wifi  and  gps  sensors  in  the  autonomous  driving  vehicle
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  sensing  the  wifi  activity  in  its  surrounding.  the  wifi  sensor  constituted  of  a  wifi  module  configured  in  monitor  mode,  sniffing  wifi  probe  requests  collects  raw  data  from  smartphones  of  students  at  the  campus  such  as  mac  address  of  the  requester,  relative  received  signal  strengthrssi,  and  timestamp  and  the  device  at  the  vehicle  anonymizes  the  data  using  hashing  and  salting  mechanisms  and  pushes  to  the  cloud  side  where  central  iot  resides.  crowd  estimation  service  cema  creates  the  analytics  results  and  makes  them  available  through  a  lightweight  broker  for  the  campus.  several  pilot  sites  can  be  connected  through  the  federated  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy platform.  the  data  in  the  ngsi  format  is  translated  to  mca  reference  point  for  m2m  communication  with  application  entities,  see  for  details  by  smg  and  pushed  to  the  shared  onem2mbased  interworking  platform.  the  vehicle  subscribes  to  the  onem2m  platform  through  an  iot  gateway  physically  placed  in  the  vehicle.  the  gateway  pushes  the  data  to  the  robot  operating  system  ros,  which  has  subscriber  components  such  as  routing  decision  components.  moreover,  ros  is  used  for  the  control  of  the  vehicle  itself,  so  that  the  decisions,  such  as  speed  reduction  or  alignments,  are  conducted  through  ros.  in  this  manner,  the  data  collected  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  autonomous  vehicle  is  pushed  back  either  to  the  vehicle  itself  or  to  other  autonomous  vehicles.  integrated  cloud  and  edge  technologies:  from  vehicle  to  vehicle.  instead  of  performing  data  analytics  on  the  central  iot,  an  alternative  approach  is  to  migrate  whole  detection,  processing,  and  analytics  tasks  toward  the  frontend  devices,  only  the  data  analytics  results  are  published  to  central  iot.  in  this  case,  lightweight  edgebased  crowd  mobility  analytics  modules  can  be  performed  in  a  single  device  attached  inside  automated  public  transport.  similarly,  an  edge  device  is  integrated  with  a  gps  sensor  and  an  inertial  measurement  unit  imu  sensor  for  performing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stop  detection,  passenger  estimation,  and  passenger  flow  tracking.  onboard  processing  and  analytical  approaches  are  more  privacypreserving  and  consume  less  energy  for  data  communications.  experiments  are  conducted  in  the  automated  hanging  trains  system  at  technische  universitt  dortmund.  we  have  performed  experimental  tests  with  the  aim  of  analyzing  the  impact  of  a  topology  of  federated  iot  platforms  instead  of  a  single  cloud  iot  platform  instance.  in  particular,  we  have  made  usage  of  the  fiware  foundation  and  its  portfolio  of  components  for  creating  various  iot  platform  configurations.  the  first  set  of  tests  is  meant  to  understand  the  impact  on  the  performances  when  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  requests  are  not  handled  by  a  single  component  in  the  cloud  but  into  a  federation  of  platforms.  in  the  former  case,  the  data  is  directly  requested  to  the  provider  of  the  data;  in  the  latter  case,  for  each  query,  a  discovery  is  performed  first  to  find  the  provider  of  the  requested  data  and  then  the  data  is  provisioned  to  the  requester,  hiding  the  complexity  of  the  system  behind.  we  have  used  the  dockerized  reference  implementation  of  the  fiware  context  broker  generic  enable  ,  which  is  recommended  by  the  european  commission  as  one  of  the  connecting  european  facility  ,  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  centralized  iot  platform.  on  top  of  it,  we  have  then  instantiated  a  federation  framework  comprehensive  of  a  broker  of  iot  messages,  using  the  reference  implementation  of  the  fiware  iot  broker  generic  enabler  together  with  the  alternative  implementation  of  the  fiware  iot  discovery  generic  enabler  .  all  the  components  are  using  the  oma  ngsi  standard  .  in  the  case  that  the  iot  query  is  handled  by  the  centralized  system,  the  request  is  issued  directly  to  the  context  broker  cb  that  performs  a  lookup  on  its  local  database  and  responds  to  the  requester.  however,  the  queries  handled  by  the  federated  framework
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  sent  to  the  iot  broker  iotb,  which  discovers  providers  through  the  iot  discovery  iotd  component  and  then  requests  all  the  discovered  providers  in  our  case  several  cbs  with  the  requested  data.  the  responses  are  then  collected  by  the  iotb  and  sent  back  within  a  single  message  to  the  requester.  the  latter  is  not  aware  of  the  complex  topology  hidden  behind  the  iotb.  a  shows  the  result  of  performing  query  to  a  centralized  and  federated  iot  system.  the  federation  is  made  of  an  iotb  and  an  iotd  that  are  hiding  an  instance  of  cb.  the  plots  show  on  the  x
__label__controloptimizationautonomy axis  the  number  of  entities  i.e.,  things  requested  in  each  query.  the  throughput  is  measured  as  the  number  of  entity  data  fixed  to  20  attributes  per  entity  per  second.  several  sizes  of  the  iot  system  are  tested:  100,  1000  and  10,000  entities.  the  requests  are  made  using  100  parallel  clients  continuously  requesting  the  systems.  the  plots  show  that  the  performances,  both  throughput  and  latency,  are  not  affected  much  by  a  big  volume  of  data  exchanged,  although  the  federated  configuration  requires  more  operations  and  generates  more  messages.  iot  platform  experiments:  performance  impact  of  the  federation  of  iot  platforms;  scalability  of  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy platforms  federation.  we  have  then  performed  a  second  test  for  assessing  the  scalability  advantages  implicit  of  the  federation.  we  have  envisioned  a  scenario  of  10,000  entities  handled  both  by  the  centralized  system  and  by  a  federation  of  10  different  providers,  each  one  managing  a  disjoint  set  of  1000  entities.  the  test  has  been  repeated  for  10,  50  and  200  parallel  clients  i.e.,  threads,  requesting  2,  8,  32,  128  and  512  entities  per  query.  b  clearly  shows  that  a  federation  with  several  small  data  providers  with  sharded  dataset  are  outperforming  by  orders  of  magnitude  the  centralized  approach.  a  federated  platform  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy many  advantages,  for  example:  data  providers  can  handle  data  locally  preserving  privacy  and  data  sovereignty,  a  new  data  provider  can  join  the  federation  by  performing  an  ngsi9  registercontext  at  any  time  since  a  discovery  is  performed  for  each  request  we  are  not  considering  the  case  of  caching,  complex  semantic  discovery  can  be  performed  at  discovery  time,  servicedefined  data  analytics  can  be  triggered  on  demand  at  the  time  of  the  query.  in  addition,  a  heterogeneous  system  can  join  the  federation  making  usage  of  mediation  gateways  for  translating  the  data  format  and  interfaces  methods.  we  have  performed  a  trend  analysis  based  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  reports  from  international  data  corporation  idc  ,  gartner  and  our  estimations  .  in  addition,  11.4  billion  things  were  installed  in  2014  and  13.7  billion  in  2015  with  a  20.8  increase.  even  if  the  numbers  are  forecast  to  continue  increasing,  the  rate  will  gradually  decrease  to  11.5  in  2020,  with  an  estimation  of  28.1  billion  things.  consequently,  the  generated  data  volume  will  grow  by  an  order  of  magnitude  10  from  2015  to  2020  .  this  exceptional  growth  of  iot  is  due  to  the  promised  financial  benefits.  smart  cities  and  smart  homes  are,  amongst  the  others,  the  most  advanced  field  where
__label__controloptimizationautonomy many  businesses  compete  to  earn  a  share  of  the  market.  in  the  smart  cities  field,  a  big  push  was  made  by  the  governments  that  gradually  increased  investments,  whereas  the  change  in  the  way  of  people  thinking  about  everyday  life,  always  more  digitalized,  opens  great  business  opportunities  in  the  smart  homes  area.  according  to  ,  ,  ,  the  market  share  of  smart  homes  and  smart  cities  is  forecast  to  be  the  25  over  the  total  iot  market,  by  2020.  these  vast  numbers  of  connected  things  and  large  data  volumes  are  only  possible  with  new  technologies  and  standards.  the  unprecedented  increase  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy things  coming  together  with  big  data  brings  many  new  challenges  and  problems  in  connectivity,  processing,  memory,  sensing,  and  actions  that  require  enabling  of  the  future  iot  platform  capabilities  and  5g  in  order  to  lead  the  aforementioned  expectations  into  a  reality.  based  on  this  observation,  we  point  out  some  open  issues  in  the  future  iot  as  follows:  data  ownership  management  :  for  a  future  iot  where  data  is  globally  accessible  and  discoverable,  special  attention  should  be  paid  in  order  to  assure  that  the  producer  of  the  data  or  the  owner  of  the  observed  things  keeps  ownership  of  the  data,  especially  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy privacysensitive  data.  a  study  of  the  international  data  space  association  idsa  ,  ,  where  more  than  200  companies  have  been  interviewed  regarding  data  exchanged  with  other  companies,  states  that  one  of  the  major  concerns  that  blocks  a  company  from  sharing  data  with  another  peer  is  the  uncertainty  of  losing  control  over  the  data  once  the  data  has  been  released,  and  thus  losing  the  sovereignty  of  the  data.  a  first  issue  is  to  state  who  is  the  owner  of  the  datafor  instance,  we  are  keen  to  think  that  the  owner  of  the  iot  deployment  is  the  owner  of  the  data;  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy example,  a  public  transportation  company  deploying  sensors  on  its  buses  is  the  owner  of  such  data.  however,  in  other  situations,  the  owner  of  the  data  is  the  observed  thing;  this  is  the  case  of  health  sensors  deployed  by  the  health  care  system  at  home  of  a  patient  where  the  patient  is  the  thing  observed  and  the  owner  of  the  data.  in  addition,  another  open  issue  is  how  to  control  the  data  migration  to  other  users  and  services.  often,  users  are  requested  to  sign  agreements  on  processing  their  data,  as  specified  on  common  data  regulations  e.g.,  general  data  protection  regulationgdpr  ,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but,  afterwards,  there  is  not  an  easy  way  to  control  if  those  agreements  are  respected.  in  addition,  the  data  owners  should  be  capable  to  visualize  where,  how,  by  whom  and  why  their  data  are  accessed.  moreover,  usage  terms  might  dynamically  change  over  time  due  to  new  regulations,  changing  of  the  mind  of  the  data  owner,  or  other  factors  e.g.,  expiration  of  a  time  period.  an  automatic  system  of  managing  these  data  access  rights  dynamism  is  a  clear  challenge.  privacy  and  security  :  with  the  realization  of  the  presented  capabilities,  the  future  iot  will  encounter  new  security  and  privacy  threats.  every
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  layer,  from  application  to  devices,  has  peculiarities  on  the  security  risks  and  possible  attacks.  considering  the  vertical  elements  in  the  bottomup  architecture,  each  level  i.e.,  devices,  edge,  cloud  and  applications  has  its  own  security  requirements.  each  level  is  exposed  to  various  types  of  security  threats  and  possible  attacks.  currently,  there  is  a  lack  of  and  a  certain  need  for  a  dynamic  iot  security  model  for  enabling  missioncritical  applications  e.g.,  autonomous  vehicle  control  and  expected  advancements  in  the  iot  systems.  furthermore,  for  building  trust  and  secure  relationships  between  the  iot  components,  proper  identification  and  authentication  capabilities,  and  cooperation  among  these
__label__controloptimizationautonomy techniques  in  the  iot  platform  are  currently  missing.  on  the  other  hand,  preserving  privacy  of  data  in  iot  is  an  open  challenge.  the  existing  privacy  protection  policies  for  todays  iot  include  encryption  ,  anonymization  and  obfuscation  techniques,  which  are  mainly  for  single  services.  however,  new  privacy  preservation  techniques  in  these  interdependent  services  e.g.,  searchable  encryption,  usage  control,  endtoend  encryption  with  homomorphic  encryption  by  design  principle  for  objects,  devices,  users,  subsystems,  and  services  are  required.  critical  realtime  operation  :  the  iot  of  the  future  should  be  flexible  and  adaptable  to  sudden  changes  of  the  status  and  conditions  of  the  infrastructures.  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  due  in  order  to  have  fast  response  to  critical  situations  such  as  the  increasing  frequency  of  natural  disasters  due  to  the  global  climate  change  .  infrastructureless  alternatives  for  communication  in  networks  or  easytodeploy  infrastructures  ,  can  help  solve  these  problems.  trustworthiness  evaluation  :  a  dual  problem  of  the  data  access  control  is  the  control  over  data  generation.  since  the  data  is  associated  with  realworld  things  reporting  the  status  of  them,  only  legit  data  sources  should  be  allowed  to  report  observations  to  a  thing  and,  at  the  same  time,  the  future  iot  should  be  resistant  to  tampering  attack.  for  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reason,  it  is  a  challenge  to  make  a  trustworthiness  evaluation  assessing  which  entity  might  be  trusted  and  how  trustful  is  the  data  generated  .  standardization  :  different  layers  of  iot  have  been  studied  within  many  standardization  activities.  however,  there  is  little  consensus  regarding  which  layers  and  relevant  techniques  should  be  standardized  and  which  layers  should  remain  open  to  be  designed.  in  addition,  governments  showed  their  interest  in  standardization  and  their  involvement  implies  innovation  restrictions  due  to  ever  stricter  regulations.  new  requirements  for  iot  are  defined  by  iot  organizations  such  as  openfog,  the  industry  4.0,  madeinchina  2025  ,  and  the  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet  consortium.  new  activities  are  expected  to  come  from  etsi,  ieee,  iec,  iso,  fiware  and  onem2m,  to  name  a  few.  the  advancements  in  standards  should  cover  every  ict  field  such  as  connectivity  e.g.,  5g  and  satellite  connections,  data  format  and  models  e.g.,  semantic  interoperability  and  data  contextualization,  sensing,  actuations  and  security  at  all  levels.  a  onesizefitall  network  management  based  on  the  same  physical  network  infrastructure  to  exchange  a  variety  of  traffic  and  context  is  not  efficient.  therefore,  3gpp  considers  a  more  flexible  network  slicing  technology  that  is  one  of  the  important  features  in  5g.  currently,  the  3gpp  sa2  working  group
__label__controloptimizationautonomy has  defined  the  following  three  different  categories  of  network  slices  based  on  the  characteristics  of  service  requirements:  1  extreme  mobile  broadband  xmbb,  2  ultrareliable  and  low  latency  communications  urllc  or  ultrareliable  mtc  machinetype  communication,  and  3  massive  mtc  mmtc.  first,  high  data  rates  and  low  latency  are  expected  for  the  first  type  of  services.  second,  a  critical  level  of  latency  and  reliability  are  expected  for  the  second  types  of  services  such  as  mission  critical  emergency  response  services.  third,  machinetomachine  and  devicetodevice  wireless  communications  are  expected  for  the  third  types  of  service  such  as  communications  between  lightweight  iot  devices.  the  book
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  vermesan  and  friess  analyses  extensively  the  trends  and  the  innovation  in  many  iot  applications  fields  bringing  a  good  photography  of  the  status  of  the  european  iot  research  and  innovation  together  with  a  depiction  of  challenges  and  issues  to  be  tackled.  in  addition,  some  technical  aspects  are  discussed,  such  as  privacy  and  security,  iot  analytics,  and  linked  data.  similarly,  alfuqaha  et  al.  exposes  a  good  overview  of  the  available  technology  for  iot  and  the  challenges  to  be  addressed.  technical  capabilities  exposed  in  this  article  are  also  addressed  by  specific  studies.  a  work  related  to  servicedefined  data  analytics  see  is  proposed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  naranjo  et  al.  that  describes  a  smart  city  system  based  on  edge  computing.  it  makes  usage  of  edge  nodes  to  execute  iot  applications  tasks  in  order  to  improve  the  efficiency  in  terms  of  energy  consumptions  and  latency.  the  research  efforts  from  bonomi  et  al.  and  mahmud  systematically  describe  the  field  of  edge  computing  for  iot.  the  unified  ontology  presented  by  agarwal  et  al.  ,  meant  for  heterogeneous  iot  systems,  is  approaching  the  information  transparency  see  in  iot.  the  capability  of  semantic  mediation  see  has  been  realized  and  has  been  implemented  in  the  european  wiseiot  project  .  a  morphing  mediation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gateway  enables  the  interworking  between  heterogeneous  iot  platforms  and  between  iot  devices  and  iot  platforms.  soldatos  et  al.  introduces  a  solution  for  transparently  brokering  semantic  query  to  federation  of  systems,  relating  to  the  context  and  resource  management  see  .  one  of  the  few  studies  regarding  the  contextualization  of  iot  data  also  in  is  presented  by  yavari  et  al.  .  from  the  application  perspectives,  the  research  efforts  of  gerla  et  al.  and  rahim  et  al.  describe  the  advancements  of  the  iot  in  the  automotive  fields  see  and  .  suciu  et  al.  is  proposing  a  platform  for  enabling  collaboration  among  multiple  parties
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  order  to  enable  an  ever  increasing  ecosystem  of  services  for  improving  the  quality  of  life  within  a  city  and,  at  the  same  time,  allowing  business.  santana  et  al.  presents  a  unified  reference  architecture  for  smart  cities  see  .  memos  et  al.  integrates  a  wireless  sensors  network  wsn  for  surveillance  application  into  a  smart  city  framework  taking  into  consideration  security  and  privacy  concerns.  finally,  our  previous  work  ,  and  the  work  from  chilipirea  et  al.  treat  the  topic  of  crowd  analytics  using  the  wifi  signals  see  .  in  the  study  of  andin  et  al.  ,  a  wide  review  of  human
__label__controloptimizationautonomy activity  detection  based  on  wifi  signals  is  also  included.  in  this  work,  we  have  introduced  a  vision  of  the  future  internetofthings  which  foresees  a  global  interconnection  and  interworking  of  heterogeneous  devices,  systems  and  services.  several  technical  capabilities  toward  the  future  iot  laying  on  device,  edge  and  cloud  iot  layers  are  needed.  some  of  the  key  technical  tipping  points,  such  as  servicedefined  data  analytics,  comprehensive  of  elastic  edgecloud  orchestration,  information  transparency,  data  contextualization,  and  semantic  discovery,  are  extensively  analysed  with  the  help  of  two  concrete  examples  of  hyperconnected  iot  frameworks  in  the  scenarios  of  smart  cities  and  autonomous  driving.  the  experiment
__label__controloptimizationautonomy results  regarding  the  federation  of  iot  platforms  show  that  the  overhead  for  enabling  a  hyperconnection  of  systems  is  much  lower  than  a  big  amount  of  data  exchanges.  in  addition,  the  results  demonstrate  that  the  federation  allows  the  scalability  of  iot  systems  when  the  size  of  iot  scenarios  increases.  we  have  outlined  challenges  and  open  issues  to  be  addressed  by  researchers  and  industry  in  the  near  future.  as  the  next  step  for  realizing  the  vision  of  the  hyperconnected  iot,  we  are  adopting  the  new  standard  of  the  etsi  cim  ,  which  natively  allows  iot  linked  data.  this  enables  the  possibility  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy semantic  reasoning  over  the  data.  in  addition,  we  are  planning  to  extensively  work  on  knowledge  extraction  and  situation  classification.  exploring  the  semantic  linkage  among  iot  data  and  creating  new  understanding  of  the  realworld  and  discovering  connection  between  data  and  things  are  future  promising  directions.  finally,  we  are  actively  taking  into  consideration  the  privacy  and  security  aspects  following  the  international  data  spaces  association  idsa  directives  ,  experimenting  with  new  manners  for  always  leaving  data  sovereignty  to  data  owners  by  exploiting  and  improving  the  fogflow  framework  and  programming  .  funding  acquisition,  e.k.;  project  administration,  f.c.  and  e.k.;  supervision,  f.c.,  f.j.w.  and  e.k.;
__label__controloptimizationautonomy visualization,  f.c.,  f.j.w.  and  g.s.;  writingoriginal  draft,  f.c.,  f.j.w.  and  g.s.;  writingreview  and  editing,  f.c.,  f.j.w.  and  g.s.  this  work  was  funded  by  the  joint  project  collaborations  between  nec  laboratories  europe  gmbh  heidelberg,  germany  and  technische  universitt  dortmund,  germany,  and  has  been  partially  funded  by  the  european  unions  horizon  2020  programme  under  grant  agreement  no.  731993  autopilot:  automated  driving  progressed  by  the  internet  of  things.  the  content  of  this  paper  does  not  reflect  the  official  opinion  of  the  european  union.  responsibility  for  the  information  and  views  expressed  therein  lies  entirely  with  the  authors.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  concept  of  selfdriving  cars  has  always  intrigued  many  people.  weve  seen  it  on  television  shows  like  knight  rider  and  in  films  including  batman,  minority  report,  and  total  recall.  but  within  the  last  couple  years,  the  idea  is  quickly  turning  into  reality.  the  reason  for  this  is  .  the  internet  of  things  iot  refers  to  the  .  driverless  cars  utilize  this  connectivity  when  updating  their  algorithms  based  on  user  data.  these  autonomous  vehicles  require  an  enormous  quantity  of  data  collecting  and  processing.  in  this  case,  through  iot,  the  driverless  car  shares  information  about  the  road  which  has  already  been  mapped
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out.  this  information  includes  the  actual  path,  traffic,  and  how  to  navigate  around  any  obstacles.  all  of  this  data  is  shared  between  iot  connected  cars  and  is  uploaded  wirelessly  to  a  cloud  system  to  be  analyzed  and  put  to  use  improving  the  automation.  while  being  connected  through  iot  is  speeding  up  the  development  of  currentday  selfdriving  cars,  people  have  been  trying  to  tackle  this  idea  for  years.  when  we  think  about  selfdriving  cars,  our  immediate  thought  goes  to  the  future  or  some  sort  of  science  fiction  movie  depicting  it.  but  ever  since  the  conception  of  the  first  automobile,  people  have
__label__controloptimizationautonomy been  thinking  of  ways  to  have  a  fully  autonomous  vehicle.  here  is  a  brief  .  in  1925,  an  inventor  by  the  name  of  francis  houdina  showcased  the  first  radiocontrolled  driverless  car.  in  1956,  a  version  of  gms  firebird  ii  was  built  with  a  guidance  system  or  electronic  auto  control  for  detector  circuits  embedded  in  roadways.  this  was  intended  to  help  the  car  avoid  accidents.  in  1958,  the  chrysler  imperial  was  the  first  car  to  incorporate  a  cruise  control  function.  in  1979,  a  robot  named  the  cart  invented  at  stanford  university,  navigated  through  a  room  filled  with  obstacles  without  any  human
__label__controloptimizationautonomy involvement.  in  1994,  the  robot  cars,  vamp  and  vita2,  by  bundeswehr  universitat,  drove  over  600  miles  safely  weaving  through  traffic.  in  2009,  googles  selfdriving  project  began.  in  2015,  tesla  released  its  autopilot  software.  now  in  2018,  gm  is  seeking  approval  for  a  selfdriving  car  with  no  steering  wheel  or  pedals.  we  are  getting  closer  and  closer  to  this  technology,  but  how  does  it  work?  the  differ  from  maker  to  maker,  but  most  use  a  series  of  radar  lasers  and  highpowered  cameras  that  map  out  the  cars  surroundings.  the  iot  connectivity  processes  the  feedback  from  these  radar  lasers,  plots  a  path,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  sends  instructions  to  the  cars  controls  steering,  acceleration,  and  braking.  each  car  is  also  equipped  with  obstacle  avoidance  and  predictive  modeling  that  conduct  the  vehicle  to  obey  traffic  rules  and  steer  around  certain  obstacles.  according  to  car  and  driver,  .  level  0  is  a  vehicle  with  complete  human  control.  level  1  refers  to  driver  assistance.  some  of  these  features  are  common  in  most  cars  today  including  cruise  control.  level  2  is  partial  automation.  in  certain  circumstances,  the  car  can  accelerate,  brake,  and  steer  on  its  own.  the  driver  still  is  completely  responsible  and  should  keep  their  hands  near  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wheel.  examples  of  level  2  technology  are  mercedesbenz  driver  assistance  systems,  audi  traffic  jam  assist,  cadillac  super  cruise.  level  3  is  conditional  automation.  when  the  circumstances  are  right,  the  technology  in  level  3  cars  can  do  most  things  for  the  driver.  this  also  includes  examining  the  environment  around  the  vehicle.  but  the  driver  should  still  be  ready  to  obtain  control  if  needed.  an  example  of  this  is  audis  traffic  jam  pilot.  level  4  is  high  automation.  on  the  right  roads  and  conditions,  the  car  can  operate  fully  without  any  human  input.  level  5  is  full  automation.  this  is  selfdriving  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy its  complete  potential.  a  fully  automated  car  can  handle  any  road  and  any  condition  that  a  human  driver  can.  one  just  enters  a  destination,  and  the  car  will  take  you  there.  this  technology  isnt  currently  available  yet,  but  films  including  irobot,  minority  report,  and  batman  have  all  featured  level  5  autonomous  vehicles.  one  intriguing  aspect  of  driverless  cars  is  that  commutes  no  longer  have  to  be  wasted  time.  people  on  their  way  to  the  office  or  a  meeting  can  get  some  extra  work  done  during  drivetime  instead  of  focusing  on  driving.  this  adds  extra  time  to  ones  day  to  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  productive.  another  pro  is  that  computers  dont  get  distracted  as  easily  as  peoplenot  to  mention,  computers  dont  drive  drunk  either.  there  are  many  .  here  is  a  list  of  some  of  the  most  notable  and  recognizable  names:  uber,  honda,  toyota,  tesla,  hyundai,  volvo,  waymo  partnered  with  google,  fiat  chrysler,  bmw,  volkswagen,  general  motors,  and  ford.  amongst  all  of  these  working  on  this  technology,  the  companies  that  we  hear  the  most  about  are  tesla,  uber,  and  waymo  google.  but  regarding  driverless  cars,  the  news  coverage  isnt  merely  positive.  just  in  the  last  couple  of  months,  multiple  accidents  have  been  reported
__label__controloptimizationautonomy involving  autonomous  vehicles.  a  fatal  accident  occurred  when  an  illegally  crossing  the  street  in  arizona  on  march  18.  uber  and  the  victims  family  have  since  reached  a  settlement.  although  this  may  not  have  been  the  vehicles  faultthe  accident  should  be  an  eyeopener  to  the  driverless  car  industry.  driverless  cars  are  well  on  their  way,  but  we  still  might  have  to  wait  a  decade  or  more.  according  to  ,  fully  autonomous  vehicles  will  not  noticeably  hit  the  market  until  about  2020,  but  it  is  predicted  that  by  2040,  95  percent  or  96.3  million  of  new  vehicles  sold  will  be  driverless.  written
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  autonomous  vehicle  atv  has  become  all  the  rage.  while  autonomous  navigation  has  been  a  longstanding  problem  for  military  applications  including  guided  missiles,  reconnaissance  robots,  and  submarines,  the  atv  has  now  crossed  the  line  into  commercial  applications.  we  now  have  dreams  of  one  day  being  able  to  let  our  cars  safely  navigate  bumper  to  bumper  traffic  on  the  way  home  from  work.  but  were  not  dreaming  just  of  a  driverless,  accidentfree  future;  were  moving  rapidly  towards  fully  integrating  our  everyday  lives  into  the  internet  of  things  iot.  what  does  that  mean?  smart  homes  that  tell  us  when  we  are  out
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  ice  cream,  a  refrigerator  that  tells  you  how  many  calories  you  consume,  heating  and  cooling  systems  that  learn  your  preferences,  and  showers  that  analyze  your  overall  health  and  weight.  the  question  is,  why  have  these  things  remained  relatively  separate?  why  have  we  not  innovated  with  connected  cars  so  that  they  have  the  same  smart  features  as,  say,  a  smart  home?  why  is  the  atv  not  automatically  part  of  the  iot  space?  the  reason  is  that  selfdriving  cars  still  present  a  hard  problem.  google  and  tesla  have  both  had  high  profile  and,  in  some  cases,  fatal  disruptions,  stalling  the  release
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  their  fully  autonomous  vehicles.  reliance  on  gps  and  embedded  computer  vision  processing  as  a  sole  means  of  identifying  roadside  hazards  is  inadequate.  when  those  systems  fail,  as  in  the  case  of  teslas  atv  running  into  a  semi  because  it  was  unable  to  distinguish  the  white  truck  from  a  cloud  in  the  sky,  there  is  no  check  on  that  embedded  process.  as  enticingly  close  as  the  atv  is,  we  have  not  solved  the  problem  because  it  was  done  in  isolation  and  because  until  recent  years  we  didnt  have  the  infrastructure  to  support  the  atv.  it  had  to  be  an  embedded
__label__controloptimizationautonomy system.  the  introduction  of  the  cloud  has  changed  all  that.  we  no  longer  have  to  rely  on  the  assumptions  of  previous  computational  eras.  because  of  the  cloud,  we  can  bring  the  atv  into  the  iot  space  and  create  a  safer  operational  for  everyone.  for  instance,  if  all  vehicles  were  in  the  iot  space,  the  tesla  vehicle  could  have  verified  the  results  of  its  computer  vision  algorithm  in  the  cloud  and  known  ahead  of  time  that  a  semitruck  was  present  and  determined  its  exact  position.  an  even  simpler  solution:  if  that  vehicles  driver  had  a  cloudenabled  cell  phone,  the  tesla  vehicle
__label__controloptimizationautonomy could  have  presumed  the  presence  of  a  person,  not  engaged  the  semitruck,  and  saved  a  life.  when  the  atv  is  not  part  of  the  cloud,  gps  and  onboard  processing  alone  do  not  have  access  to  information  like,  theres  a  group  of  pedestrians  in  a  cross  walk,  and  if  any  error  occurs  with  onboard  processing  we  risk  tragedy.  moreover,  gps  is  not  available  in  indoor  spaces  and  is  not  completely  reliable  outdoors.  fortunately,  the  solution  is  simple:  bring  the  atv  into  the  hybrid  cloud.  then,  integrate  onboard  processing  with  the  public  cloud,  into  our  smart  cities,  and  into  our  futures  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  real  possibility.  the  above  summation  of  the  realtime  navigational  challenges  is  part  of  a  much  larger  problem  in  vehicle  navigation,  one  that  is  considered  a  fundamental  problem  in  both  robotics  and  for  any  atv.  vehicle  navigation  is  formally  modeled  in  the  simultaneous  localization  and  mapping  algorithm  slam,  but  what  is  slam  exactly?  slam  is  a  longstanding  fundamental  atv  problem  that  tries  to  reconcile  the  problem  of  defining  where  a  vehicle  or  robot  is  in  a  given  space,  with  or  without  gps,  called  localization  and  map  that  space,  either  known,  unknown,  or  changing,  at  the  same  time  that  is  aware
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  its  current  position.  the  algorithm  is  necessarily  probabilistic  and  in  most  standard  cases  relies  on  bayesian  inference  to  calculate  things  like  its  current  state  pose,  position,  and  so  on  for  a  given  time  step.  below  is  an  example  of  the  extended  kalman  filter  implementation  of  the  algorithm  which  we  use  in  our  use  case.  this  equation  is  part  of  the  update  step  used  to  predict  the  current  state  of  the  vehicle  or  robot:  the  overall  flow  of  the  kalman  filter  in  the  slam  algorithm  is  as  presented  below:  slam  is  ideal  in  many  ways.  primarily,  it  makes  a  good
__label__controloptimizationautonomy use  case  for  kafka  and  spark  streaming  because  it  is  designed  as  a  realtime  algorithm  and  uses  built  in  probabilistic  qualities  such  as  covariance  and  normalized  gaussian  distributions  to  quantify  the  noise  that  is  experienced  in  real  machinery  and  electronics  that  in  the  past  has  been  difficult  to  quantify.  kalman  filters  were  designed  with  no  memory,  and  so  present  a  major  drawback:  how  do  you  derive  betterinformed  distributions  with  no  memory?  in  the  past  the  limited  processing  power  on  embedded  systems  made  this  a  hard  problem,  and  we  utilized  the  standard  default  gaussian  distributions.  but  bringing  the  atv  into  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cloud  allows  us  increased  processing  power  by  distributing  the  matrix  based  computations  and  allowing  us  to  more  accurately  tune  our  distributions  across  vehicles  and  in  different  environments.  for  instance,  when  your  vehicle  encounters  a  rainy  night  and  a  slick  road,  spark  analytics  can  calculate  the  best  safety  precautions  including  optimal  speed,  braking  distance,  and  proximity  to  the  vehicle  in  front  and  behind  you,  using  data  from  previous  rainfalls  and  from  numerous  vehicles  at  that  specific  location.  we  know  that  atvs  have  various  manufacturers,  each  vehicle  has  various  sensors,  and  there  will  be  some  reasonable  assumption  of  privacy  for  proprietary  learning
__label__controloptimizationautonomy algorithms  embedded  in  the  atv.  kafka  and  apache  spark  offer  a  great  solution  to  the  problem:  the  use  of  opensource  technologies  allows  us  to  bypass  the  problematic  space  of  integrating  proprietary  messages  across  vehicles  or  any  sensor  data  in  the  iot  space.  we  can  focus  on  formulating  formats  and  analytics  that  discover  a  sensor,  learn  its  data  format,  and  integrate  it  immediately  into  the  cloud  architecture  for  realtime  analytics.  we  create  a  plugnplay  hybrid  cloud.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  framework  to  do  this:  2.  the  public  cloud  discovers  the  vehicle  sensors  and  receives  the  vehicle  sensor  data  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy kafka  messages,  and  stores  metadata  about  the  vehicle,  the  type  of  sensor,  and  the  message  that  is  used  for  analytics.  it  can  then  push  new  data  to  the  vehicle,  such  as  reduce  speed,  because  the  public  cloud  is  in  the  iot  spaces  and  knows  the  atv  is  approaching  a  pedestrian  or  an  obstacle.  3.  overall,  the  framework  provides  a  continuous  feedback  loop  of  all  the  iots  integrated  devices,  plus  massive  storage  and  analytics  capabilities,  while  allowing  for  realtime  stream  and  analytics.  in  my  feb  9th,  we  take  a  look  at  a  specific  use  using  the  turtlebot  2  as  a  model
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  our  atv  and  get  into  some  of  the  nuts  and  bolts  of  how  to  distribute  and  partition  the  kafka  architecture,  explore  examples  of  realtime  analytics  on  the  spark  streaming  nodes  with  some  example  code  of  processing  and  updating  rdds,  and  look  at  how  learning  informs  the  slam  model.  our  turtlebot,  quorom,  will  be  there  to  help  inform  the  talk  hope  to  see  you  there  find  out  including  her  background  in  computational  biology.  originally  published  at  www.spark.tc  on  february  7,  2017.  written  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  is  the  internet  of  things,  but  with  an  enterprise  angle.  take  that  to  mean  industry  vertical  applications,  development  ecosystems,  product  design,  hardware,  deployment  and  more.  sensor  usage  has  exploded  in  all  sorts  of  devices,  from  smartphones  and  embedded  devices  to  moving  objects  such  as  robots.  sensors  form  the  core  of  iot.  a  typical  smartphone  contains  20plus  sensors.  rapid  smartphone  growth  over  the  years  has  also  helped  the  overall  sensor  industry  in  terms  of  advancement  of  sensor  technology,  miniaturization  and  dramatic  reduction  of  their  cost.  this  in  turn  has  helped  the  robotics  industry  too.  sensors  come  in  all  different  sizes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  shapes,  measuring  various  quantifiable  parameters  of  the  robot  or  the  external  environment  the  robot  is  in.  the  types  of  sensors  used  in  robotics  are  large  and  vary  across  different  applications  of  robots  and  types  of  robots.  in  this  article,  i  am  going  to  focus  on  sensors  that  help  the  mobility  of  i.e.,  localization  and  navigation  in  the  environment.  sensors  for  an  amr  are  like  its  eyes.  when  combined  with  sensor  software  algorithms,  sensors  allow  an  amr  to  understand  and  navigate  the  environment,  detect  and  avoid  collision  with  objects,  and  provide  location  information  about  the  robot.  exteroceptive  sensors  discern  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy external  world;  these  include  camera,  laser  and  ,  radar,  sonar,  infrared,  touch  sensors  such  as  whiskers  or  bump  sensors,  gps  and  proximity  sensors.  proprioceptive  sensors  deal  with  robot  itself,  such  as  accelerometers,  gyroscope,  magnetometer  and  compass,  wheel  encoders  and  temperature  sensors.  there  are  many  other  categories  sensors  can  be  clubbed  into,  such  as  active  or  passive  sensors.  it  is  also  important  to  note  that  sometimes  the  boundaries  between  exteroceptive  and  proprioceptive  overlap.  with  the  use  of  becoming  popular  to  interact  with  robot,  sound  sensors  such  as  microphones  are  also  becoming  more  prevalent.  likewise,  as  robots  must  often  connect  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet,  communications  with  wifi  and  lte  are  critical.  while  not  strictly  sensors  nor  actuators,  they  allow  robot  to  interact  with  external  world.  the  sensor  market  for  robotics  is  expected  to  grow  steadily,  as  per  .  looks  at  the  vision  sensor  market  for  robotics  for  industrial  environments  and  predicts  this  market  alone  to  be  very  big.  typical  sensors  used  in  ground  mobile  robots  and  drones  include:  typically  combine  multiple  accelerometers  and  gyroscopes.  they  can  also  include  magnetometers  and  barometers.  instantaneous  pose  position  and  orientation  of  the  robot,  velocity  linear,  angular,  acceleration  linear,  angular  and  other  parameters  are  obtained  through  the  imu
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  3d  space.  mems  sensor  technology  advances  have  benefitted  imus  significant.  imus  suffer  from  drifts,  biases  and  other  errors.  provides  latitude,  longitude  and  altitude  information.  over  the  years,  gps  accuracy  has  increased  significantly  and  highly  accurate  modes,  such  as  rtk,  also  exist.  gpsdenied  areas,  such  as  indoor  areas,  tunnels  and  so  forth,  and  slow  update  rates  remain  a  gpss  top  limitations.  but  they  are  important  sensors  for  outdoor  mobile  robots  and  provide  an  accurate  periodic  reference.  depending  on  whether  they  are  indoor  or  outdoor  robots  and  the  speed  at  which  the  robot  moves  can  vary  significantly  in  price,  performance,  robustness,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy range  and  weight.  most  are  based  on  time  of  flight  principles.  signal  processing  is  performed  to  output  points  with  range  and  angle  increments.  both  2d  and  3d  lasers  are  useful.  laser  sensors  send  a  lot  of  data  about  each  individual  laser  point  of  the  range  data.  to  take  full  advantage  of  lasers,  a  lot  of  compute  power  is  needed.  lidars  are  also  very  popular  in  mapping.  count  the  precise  number  of  rotations  of  the  robot  wheels,  thereby  estimating  how  far  the  robot  has  travelled.  the  terms  odometry  or  deadreckoning  are  used  for  distance  calculation  with  wheel  encoders.  they  suffer  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy longterm  drifts  and  hence  need  to  be  combined  with  other  sensors.  ,  such  as  cameras,  both  2d  and  3d,  as  well  as  depth  cameras,  play  a  very  critical  role  in  amrs.  computer  vision  and  deep  learning  on  the  sensor  data  can  aid  object  detection  and  avoidance,  obstacle  recognition  and  obstacle  tracking.  visual  odometry  and  visualslam  simultaneous  localization  and  mapping  are  becoming  more  relevant  for  autonomous  robots  operating  in  both  indoor  and  outdoor  environments  where  lighting  conditions  are  reasonable  and  can  be  maintained.  3d  cameras,  depth  and  stereo  vision  cameras  provide  pose,  i.e.,  position  and  orientation,  of  an  object  in  3d
__label__controloptimizationautonomy space.  in  industrial  environments,  wellestablished  machine  vision  techniques  combined  with  pose  can  help  solve  a  number  of  problems  from  grasping  to  placement  to  visual  servoing.  thermal  and  infrared  cameras  are  used  when  working  in  difficult  lighting  conditions,  such  as  the  dark  or  fog.  if  there  is  an  object  in  the  range  of  an  pulse,  part  or  all  of  the  pulse  will  be  reflected  back  to  the  transmitter  as  an  echo  and  can  be  detected  through  the  receiver.  by  measuring  the  difference  in  time  between  the  transmitted  pulse  and  the  received  echo,  it  is  possible  to  determine  objects  range.  sonars  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy impacted  by  multipath  reflections.  detect  objects  at  long  range  and  provide  velocity,  angle  and  bearing  parameters  typically  measured  to  the  centroid  of  the  object.  they  work  in  all  weather  conditions  while  most  other  sensors  fail  in  complex  environments,  such  as  rain,  fog  and  lighting  variations.  but  their  resolution  is  limited  as  compared  to  lidar  or  laser.  robust  and  accurate  localization  schemes  combine  data  received  from  imus,  wheel  encoders,  gps,  laser,  radar,  ultrasonic  and  vision  software  algorithms  to  implement  slam  techniques.  depending  on  the  application  and  specification  of  navigation  and  object  avoidance,  the  fusion  can  be  limited  to  few  sensors  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy all  sensors.  with  so  many  sensors  at  disposal,  it  is  a  complex  exercise  to  select  the  right  ones.  factors  that  dictate  the  choices  are  type  of  application,  specification  of  navigation  and  localization  features,  environment  in  which  the  amr  is  going  to  operate,  available  compute  power  to  run  sensor  algorithms,  choice  of  software  algorithms,  such  as  sensor  fusion,  power  consumption  and  costs.  invariably,  there  is  a  tradeoff  taken  when  balancing  across  all  selection  parameters.  dynamic  range,  accuracy,  resolution,  linearity,  field  of  vision  and  many  other  parameters  determine  the  quality  of  sensors.  sensors  used  in  defense  applications  are  very  expensive  and  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy meet  superior  specs.  but  in  the  majority  of  nondefense  applications,  where  the  specification,  errors  and  biases  of  sensors  are  suboptimal,  the  choice  of  algorithms  running  the  software  is  a  key  decision  point.  the  placement  of  sensors  inside  the  robot  also  requires  a  very  careful  design  exercise.  sensors  in  imus  are  extremely  sensitive  to  external  forces,  such  as  vibrations,  stray  magnetic  fields,  lighting  conditions  and  more.  accurate  static  translation  and  rotation  offsets  need  to  be  calculated  using  physical  methods  and  calibration  techniques.  some  of  the  sensors  require  antennas  and,  once  again,  selection  of  the  right  antenna  and  its  placement  are  critical.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensor  calibration;  time  synchronization,  in  sensor  fusion  especially;  different  rates  and  frequencies  at  which  sensor  data  arrives  from  different  sensors;  various  types  of  errors  in  measured  values  and  biases,  which  are  both  intrinsic  and  external  environmentdriven;  and  environmental  conditions  impacting  sensor  measurements  remain  key  challenges  in  sensor  integration.  the  majority  of  research  and  development  happens  in  these  areas.  various  sensors  are  available  in  the  market  today  with  a  wide  range  of  performance  parameters.  choosing  the  right  sensors  is  a  complex,  technical  and  product  management  task.  its  a  balance  of  sensor  spec,  application  requirements,  cost,  power,  form  factor,  environment  conditions,  software
__label__controloptimizationautonomy algorithm  sophistication,  time  to  market,  longevity  and  more.  through  sensor  fusion  algorithms,  different  sensors  complement  each  other  well  to  achieve  tough  goals.  sensors  and  sensor  software  algorithms  are  critical  to  the  success  of  the  amr  industry  to  a  large  extent.  sensor  manufacturers  are  also  putting  significant  effort  into  improving  sensor  performance,  accuracy  and  range.  some  are  even  doing  sensor  fusion  inside  their  units.  this  helps  accurate  time  synchronization.  when  selecting  sensors  for  a  specific  amr  application,  teams  need  to  keep  a  continuous  watch  on  various  developments  happening  in  the  sensor  world.  all  iot  agenda  network  contributors  are  responsible  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy content  and  accuracy  of  their  posts.  opinions  are  of  the  writers  and  do  not  necessarily  convey  the  thoughts  of  iot  agenda.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ...  the  u.s.  justice  department  indicted  two  alleged  members  of  the  russian  threat  group  behind  the  dridex  banking  trojan,  known  as  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  readership  is  10  times  more  when  compared  to  other  subscription  journals  source:  google  analytics  received  date:  jun  09,  2018  /accepted  date:  sep  21,  2018  /published  date:  sep  28,  2018  world  is  moving  towards  connected  system  and  internet  of  things  has  transformed  entire  connected  systems  in  a  great  extent.  this  research  work  will  be  utilizing  the  power  of  iot  mechanism  based  on  raspberry  pi  framework  to  monitor  the  abandoned  places  such  as  place  contaminated  with  radiations,  gases  or  hazardous  substances  etc.,  without  any  human  intervention.  the  proposed  research  work  provides  mechanism  of  rover  which  is  able  to  monitor/  survey  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy place  with  selfnavigation  mechanism  as  well  as  it  will  capable  to  revert/post  the  live  video  feed  of  the  area  which  is  under  observation  to  remote  server.  gps  installed  on  the  rover  helps  it  to  mark  its  presences  on  the  map  so  that  we  can  locate  the  position  of  rover  very  easily.  this  research  work  will  be  useful  to  monitor  the  places  from  unauthorized  persons  in  public  and  private  sectors.  rover;  obstacle;  ultrasonic  sensor;  raspberry  pi;  microcontroller  internet  of  things  have  transformed  existing  communications  between  machines  to  machine,  machines  to  human  in  great  extent  and  helped  word  to  move  towards  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  systems.  this  connected  system  will  help  all  stakeholders  to  generate  process  and  share  the  gathered  data  from  various  sources/devices  located  across  variety  of  platforms.  this  research  work  in  an  effort  made  in  the  area  of  iot  with  the  design  of  low  cost,  selfnavigation  rover  which  will  be  able  to  detect  the  obstacles  based  on  the  video  feeds  and  can  take  a  decision  to  avoid  this  obstacle  and  complete  its  assigned  path.  at  the  same  time  the  rover  was  capable  of  posting  live  video  feeds  of  the  places  under  observations  to  remote  server  through  the  available  communication  network.  gps  sensor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy installed  on  the  rover  is  working  on  the  principals  of  national  marine  electronics  association  nmea  and  provides  the  geospatial  data  of  longitude,  latitude  data  for  processing  .  the  ultrasonic  sensor  is  a  low  cost  sensor  which  is  used  to  detect  and  avoid  the  obstacles  coming  in  the  path  of  rover  travel  in  a  dynamic  environment  .  the  is  a  machine  capable  to  perform  task  autonomously  or  semiautonomously  which  is  guided  by  the  microcontrollers  .  many  industries  are  using  robots  to  perform  the  task  with  higher  degree  of  precision.  accordingly,  in  light  of  the  requirement  and  purpose  of  usage  the  task
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  integration  is  achieved.  in  this  research  work  the  proposed  rover  is  capable  of  detects  and  avoids  obstacles  in  the  travel  path  of  rover  under  dynamic  environments  .  to  understand  the  obstacles  the  ultrasonic  sensors,  camera  module  were  integrated  on  raspberry  pi  board.  the  open  source  computer  vision  library  is  used  to  image  processing  and  video  processing  task  .  steering  algorithm  is  beneficial  to  smoothly  navigate  the  robot  in  dynamic  unstructured  environments  to  avoid  the  obstacle  without  stopping  in  front  of  obstacles  .  avoiding  the  obstacles  in  unstructured  environment  is  itself  a  very  challenging  task  and  it  was  achieved  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  help  of  multiple  sensors  or  fusion  of  sensor  data  .  gps  sensor  is  used  to  move  the  vehicle  from  source  to  destination  wherein  the  is  used  to  detect  and  avoid  the  obstacles  .  to  detect  the  obstacle  with  edge  detection  technique  which  stops  the  robot  in  front  of  obstacle  was  itself  very  challenging,  similarly  the  accuracy  of  detection  of  obstacles  should  also  be  increased  .  development  of  low  cost  robot  to  the  transport  equipments  form  one  place  to  another  place  controlled  by  using  single  board  computer  .  a  star  a  algorithm  is  used  to  find  out  path  between  source
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  destination  by  using  gps  based  navigation  .  miniature  robot  having  poor  navigation  ability  because  of  limited  perception  ability  in  the  constrained  space  to  avoid  the  obstacles  in  an  unfamiliar  environment  .  to  develop  the  outdoor  robot  collaborate  with  the  different  sensor  data  are  fused  using  kalman  filter  to  process  the  data  and  navigate  the  outdoor  robot  as  per  the  upcoming  input  data  ,  .  the  motion  segmentation  technique  is  the  initial  task  to  track  the  movement  of  object  in  the  image  frame  and  blob  hole  filling  process  is  applied  to  fill  the  holes  in  image  frame  to  improve  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy result  .  image  segmentation  technique  is  used  to  divide  the  images  into  multiple  parts  to  image  analysis  .  shows  proposed  methodology  which  is  used  to  develop  the  rover.  proposed  methodology.  in  the  design  of  rover,  raspberry  pi  is  the  core  part  utilized  for  design  of  low  cost  selfnavigation  rover  based  on  video  feeds.  all  components  of  rover  parts  are  listed  as  below.  the  standard  specification  of  areas,  it  is  a  credit  card  size  single  board  computer  with  1  gb  ram  and  quad  core  processor,  which  deliver  fast  processing  speed  as  compared  to  other  microcontroller.  raspberry  pi  single  board  computer  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy shown  in  raspberry  pi  board.  raspberry  pi  camera  module  is  used  to  capture  the  video  frame  collaborate  with  raspberry  pi  single  board  computer.  camera  module  can  be  used  to  take  the  high  quality  video  and  images.  this  camera  module  has  a  five  megapixel  camera  that  supports  1080p30,  720p60  and  vga90  video  modes.  gps  sensor  which  is  collaborating  with  the  raspberry  pi  single  board  computer.  this  is  high  gain  gps  receiver  sensor  made  with  the  ultracompact  potpatch  on  top  and  the  gps  data  is  in  the  form  of  nmea  which  includes  time,  date,  latitude,  longitude,  speed,  altitude  and  travel  direction.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ultrasonic  sensor  is  used  to  avoid  the  obstacles  coming  in  the  path  of  the  rover.  this  sensor  is  works  with  a  transmitter  and  receiver  mechanism  which  transmit  ultrasonic  waves  ahead  of  rover  if  obstacle  occur  that  waves  are  reflected  back  and  received  by  ultrasonic  sensor  which  is  the  input  signal  to  raspberry  pi  for  taking  the  decision.  to  find  out  initial  position  of  rover  on  the  google  map  and  to  move  from  source  to  destination  on  the  basis  of  gps  data  that  is  latitude  and  longitude  are  accessed  through  installed  gps  sensor  on  raspberry  pi  board.  once  the  initial  position
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  rover  is  marked  it  will  move  towards  destination  in  autopilot  mode  designed  for  selfnavigation  at  successful  collaboration  of  the  gps  sensor  with  raspberry  pi  it  provides  gps  data  in  the  form  of  nmea  standard  .  it  is  required  to  extract  longitude  and  latitude  information  from  the  nmea  sentences.  for  example,  suppose  that  the  nmea  string  values  for  a  position  are  as  follows.  1954.7704,  n,  07521.1704,  e  as  it  turns  out,  the  nmea  strings  are  decimaldecimal  values.  in  order  to  turn  them  into  decimal  degree  values,  we  have  to  do  following  simple  operation:  1954.7704  n19  degrees54.7704/6019.91284n  07521.1704e07  degrees521.1704/6075.35284  e.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy raspberry  pi  camera  module  was  used  to  capture  the  image  sequence  to  streaming  from  raspberry  pi  and  posted  to  base  station  through  the  available  communication  network  .  camera  module  is  collaborated  with  raspberry  pi  to  capture  video  streams  and  post  over  to  the  remote  server  and  posted  stream  will  be  utilized  for  detection  objects  the  raspberry  pi  camera  module  is  captured  image  frame  sequentially  for  video  streaming.  nowadays  video  surveillance  system  plays  an  important  role  to  maintain  the  security  in  various  fields  such  as  public  security,  home  surveillance,  field  monitoring  and  many  other  fields  .  the  raspberry  pi  camera  module
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  collaborated  with  raspberry  pi  mounted  over  the  rover  which  is  capable  to  capture  the  video  stream  and  post  to  the  base  station  for  analysis.  analysis  of  the  video  stream  is  done  at  a  base  station  in  the  form  of  real  time  multiple  colored  object  detection,  which  display  over  the  display  unit  of  the  base  station.  proposed  rover  will  control  through  base  station  by  instructions  send  from  base  station  to  rover.  the  ultrasonic  sensor  is  mounted  over  the  rover  to  check  obstacles  with  the  help  of  ultrasonic  waves.  this  sensor  continuously  transmits  ultrasonic  waves  ahead  the  rover  if  obstacle  occur
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  waves  reflected  back  as  the  input  signal  to  rover  to  avoid  the  obstacle  coming  in  the  path  of  rover.  the  ultrasonic  sensor  is  consisting  from  multi  vibrator  fixed  at  its  base.  resonator  and  vibrator  are  used  to  make  the  multi  vibrator.  ultrasonic  sensor  consists  of  two  parts,  emitter  and  detector.  emitter  produces  40  khz  sound  wave  and  detector  which  detect  the  sound  wave  and  send  signals  to  raspberry  pi.  eqn.  1  is  used  to  calculate  the  distance  of  obstacles  from  rover,  which  are  used  to  detect  the  obstacle  coming  in  the  path  of  rover.  distancetime  x  speed  of  sound
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wave/2  1  ultrasonic  sensor  work  with  transmission  and  receiver,  transmitter  transmit  the  ultrasonic  wave  in  front  of  the  robot  and  when  obstacle  occurred  in  the  path  of  robot  ultrasonic  wave  reflected  back  and  received  by  the  receiver  which  is  input  to  raspberry  pi  to  take  a  decision  as  per  the  received  signals.  according  to  signal  raspberry  pi  take  the  decision  with  respect  to  forward,  backward,  left  and  right  to  avoid  the  obstacle  coming  in  the  path  of  the  rover.  proposed  rover  will  capable  to  take  selfdecision  to  avoid  the  obstacle  according  to  ultrasonic  signals.  1.  step  1:  turn  power  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  dc  geared  motors  2.  step  2:  rotation  of  motors  3.  step  3:  4.  step  4:  declared  four  gpio  pins  to  control  motor  such  as  gpio  pin  1,  pin  2,  pin  3  and  pin  4  in  which  pin  1  and  pin  2  are  used  to  control  the  motor  number  1  and  pin  3  and  pin  4  are  used  to  control  the  motor  number  2.  also  declared  enable  pin  a  and  enable  pin  b.  5.  step  5:  gpio  pin  1,  pin  31  enable  pin  a,  enable  pin  btrue  6.  step  6:  move  forward  7.  step  7:  gpio  pin  1,  pin  41
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enable  pin  a,  enable  pin  btrue  8.  step  8:  move  backward  9.  step  9:  gpio  pin  1,  pin  31  enable  pin  atrue  enable  pin  bfalse  10.  step  10:  take  left  turn  11.  step  11:  gpio  pin  1,  pin  31  enable  pin  afalse  enable  pin  btrue  12.  step  12:  take  right  turn  13.  step  13:  gpio  pins  1,  2,  3,  40  enable  pin  afalse  enable  pin  bfalse  14.  step  14:  1.  step  1:  turn  power  on  to  ultrasonic  sensor  2.  step  2:  t  obstacle  detection  3.  step  3:  4.  step  4:  declared  gpio  pin  and  5.  step  5:  gpio.input  gpioecho  0:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy starttime.time  record  the  initial  time  6.  step  6:  gpio.input  gpioecho  1:  stoptime.time  record  the  stop  time  7.  step  7:  elapsed  timestop  start  8.  step  8:  calculate  the  distance  distanceelapsed  34000  34000  is  the  speed  of  sound  distancedistance/2  9.  step  9:  calculate  the  distance  from  robot  to  obstacle  10.  step  10:  set  the  distance  range  to  obstacle  detection  11.  step  11:  if  obstacle  is  detected  take  decision  according  to  instruction  set  for  robot  move  to  forward,  backward,  left  and  right  directions.  12.  step  12:  1.  step  1:  turn  power  on  raspberry  pi  2.  step  2:  selfdecision  mechanism  of  obstacle  avoidance  3.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy step  3:  4.  step  4:  while  true:  5.  distanceget  distance  6.  step  5:  distance  6  7.  stop  8.  step  6:  distance  15  distance  7  9.  stop  10.  delay1  11.  move  backward  12.  delay1  13.  stop  14.  take  turn  right  15.  delay1  16.  stop  17.  step  7:  right  distanceget  right  distance  18.  move  backward  19.  delay1  20.  take  turn  left  21.  step  8:  left  distanceget  left  distance  22.  step  9:  right  distance  left  distance  23.  take  left  turn  24.  delay1  25.  move  forward  26.  delay1  27.  step  10:  rig  ht  distance  left  distance  28.  take  turn  right  29.  delay1  30.  move
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forward  31.  delay1  32.  step  11:  1.  step  1:  start  raspberry  pi  camera  2.  step  2:  images  posting  to  server  3.  step  3:  4.  step  4:  capture  the  image  5.  step  5:  save  image  on  storage  6.  step  6:  read  image  7.  step  7:  send  image  to  server  8.  step  8:  display  the  image  in  web  browser  9.  step  9:  1.  step  1:  t  turn  power  on  to  gps  sensor  2.  step  2:  show  location  on  google  map  3.  step  3:  4.  step  4:  data  acquisition  is  done  5.  step  5:  extract  the  latitude  and  longitude  form  nmea  gps  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy format  6.  step  6:  save  latitude  and  longitude  of  gps  sensor  7.  step  7:  post  latitude  and  longitude  to  server  8.  step  8:  show  initial  position  of  rover  on  google  map  9.  step  9:  .  proposed  rover  is  implemented  by  using  the  raspberry  pi  framework.  raspberry  pi  having  its  own  operating  system  which  is  raspbian  and  it  will  give  the  fast  processing  speed  as  compared  to  microcontroller.  in  raspberry  pi  there  is  no  limit  of  memory  as  like  microcontroller  and  we  run  large  programs  using  raspberry  pi.  raspberry  pi  having  40  pins  for  attachment  of  motor  driver  kit  and  various
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors.  obstacle  detection  is  the  primary  requirement  to  design  of  selfnavigating  rover  travelling  autonomously  from  source  to  the  destination.  a  hcsro4  ultrasonic  sensor  was  used  at  the  time  of  design  of  rover  and  is  having  a  range  of  2  cm  to  4  meters,  which  is  very  useful  to  detect  the  obstacle  coming  in  the  path  of  the  rover.  ultrasonic  sensor  mounted  over  the  rover  transmits  40  khz  frequency  towards  object  and  if  object  is  laying  in  the  path  it  reflects  the  sound  wave  and  obstacles  is  detected.  experimental  work  of  obstacle  avoidance  is  shown  in  obstacle  avoidance  mechanism.  the  activity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  rover  was  tested  by  allowing  it  to  move  in  controlled  environment,  where  rover  was  about  to  move  from  its  earmarked  source  to  destination  path  of  length  20  feet.  the  10  repetitions  with  test  cases  were  recorded  in  which  manually  obstacles  were  placed  in  the  path  and  movement  of  rover  is  recorded.  its  performance  was  evaluated  in  terms  of  obstacle  detection  and  avoidance  accuracy.  the  time  factor  was  also  recorded  to  reach  to  destinations.  it  was  seen  that  in  case  1,  rover  takes  45  seconds  to  reach  the  20  feet  long  destination  a  detailed  description  is  given  in  following  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy timing  to  reach  the  destination.  designed  rover  is  tested  at  shows  the  obstacle  detection  accuracy  in  different  environments.  obstacle  detection  accuracy.  designed  rover  gives  100  obstacle  detection  and  avoidance  accuracy  in  well  light  and  dimly  lightning  condition  with  single  solid  obstacle.  also  designed  rover  gives  90  obstacle  detection  and  avoidance  accuracy  in  well  light  and  dimly  lightning  condition  with  double  solid  obstacles.  we  tested  rover  for  obstacle  avoidance,  selfdecision  mechanism  in  we  put  two  boxes  on  the  table  as  an  obstacle  in  the  path  of  the  rover.  we  keep  long  starting  point  of  th  rover  from  obstacle.  rover  move  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  forward  direction  with  selfdecision  mechanism  to  detect  and  avoid  the  obstacles.  in  this  case  rover  takes  the  selfdecision  when  distance  of  the  rover  has  remained  from  the  obstacle  according  to  instruction.  in  this  case  when  the  distance  has  remained  from  obstacle  that  time  rover  slightly  move  backward  and  take  right  turn  to  get  right  distance  which  are  10  cm  from  the  obstacle.  after  that  it  will  take  left  turn  to  get  left  distance  which  are  .  once  rover  gets  right  and  left  distance  they  are  comparable  both  distance  and  take  the  turn  where  the  distance  is  a  long  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy obstacle.  in  this  case  right  distance  is  10  cm  and  left  distance  is  ,  hence  rover  take  left  turn  because  of  left  distance  is  greater  than  right  distance.  rover  moves  forward  and  repeated  the  same  process  up  to  reach  the  destination.  we  take  such  10  test  cases  to  evaluate  accuracy  ofselfdecision  mechanism  of  rover,  it  was  observed  that  rover  gives  100  percent  obstacle  detection  and  avoidance  accuracy  .  shows  result  of  selfdecision  mechanism  of  robot.  selfdecision  mechanism.  selfdecision  mechanism  results.  video  streaming  is  an  important  functionality  of  proposed  rover.  the  raspberry  pi  camera  module  is  used  to  capture  high  quality
__label__controloptimizationautonomy images  with  5  megapixel  camera  resolution.  implementation  of  video  stream  is  done  by  using  web  hosting  and  internet  domain.  for  video  streaming,  the  server  was  configured  to  listen  the  client  socket  by  accepting  incoming  communication  from  the  client  side  that  is  rover.  once  the  connection  is  established,  on  board  camera  module  was  automatically  initialized  and  it  starts  capturing  the  images  for  video  streaming.  the  raspberry  pi  camera  module  is  very  sensitive,  hence  image  capturing  is  started  within  1  second.  raspberry  pi  camera  module  captures  the  10  frames  per  second  with  jpeg  format  for  video  streaming.  the  sampling  rate  of  frames
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  be  configured  as  per  requirement.  video  streaming  is  shown  in  video  streaming.  the  rover  post  data  on  www.visbamu.in/stream/index.php  website  developed  by  vision  and  lab  of  department  of  computer  science  and  information  technology,  dr.  babasaheb  ambedkar  marathwada  university  aurangabad  ms  india.  the  rhydo  labs  gps  sensor  was  installed  on  board  of  rover  which  helps  in  gps  tracking  as  well  as  to  find  out  the  position  of  the  rover.  gps  sensor  provides  the  geological  coordinates  in  the  form  of  latitude  and  longitude  to  obtain  the  initial  position  of  the  rover.  at  the  time  of  testing,  the  initial  geological  coordinate  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rover  is  and  shown  in  .  the  destination  for  the  rover  was  considered  at  40  feet  from  initial  position.  it  was  observed  that  on  power  up  the  rover,  it  was  moved  from  initial  point  to  destination  point  which  having  in  and  reverted  with  new  values  that  is  ,  and  destination  coordinate  such  as  ,  position  of  rover  on  google  map.  the  proposed  rover  is  capable  to  take  a  selfdecision  and  move  in  an  unfamiliar  environment  without  any  human  interaction.  autonomous  real  time  obstacle  avoidance  is  achieved  from  proposed  over,  it  also  detects  obstacles  accurately  and  take  decision  to  move  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy left,  right,  forward  and  backward  as  per  the  availability  of  sufficient  space  without  colliding  with  surrounding.  the  camera  module  is  useful  to  continuously  capture  the  images  for  video  streaming  and  was  successfully  posted  to  remote  server  and  also  helpful  in  detection  of  objects.  the  proposed  research  can  be  considered  in  future  to  improve  the  implementation  of  selfnavigation  rover  with  various  sensors  such  as  gas  detection  sensor,  temperature  sensor,  humidity  sensor  etc.  also  collaborate  with  high  quality  gps  and  compass  sensor  which  avoid  the  distortion  of  gps  signals  in  case  of  low  altitude.  the  authors  gratefully  acknowledge  support  by  the  department
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  computer  science  and  information  technology,  dr.  babasaheb  ambedkar  marathwada  university,  aurangabad  ms  india.  pandure  sd,  yannawar  pl  2018  design  of  low  cost  selfnavigation  rover  based  on  iot.  adv  robot  autom  7:  187.  doi:  2018  pandure  sd,  et  al.  this  is  an  openaccess  article  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  creative  commons  attribution  license,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  author  and  source  are  credited.  select  your  language  of  interest  to  view  the  total  content  in  your  interested  language  content  of  this  site  is  available  under  copyright  2019  open  access  publisher.  all  rights
__label__controloptimizationautonomy some  of  the  interesting  consumer,  defense,  aerospace  and  homeland  security  products  and  subsystems  designed  by  mistral  for  our  customers.  this  case  study  showcases  mistrals  expertise  in  autonomous  navigation  system  andautonomous  navigation  vehicle  design.  an  autonomous  navigation  system  or  an  autonomous  unmanned  ground  vehicle  ugv  can  run  independent  of  a  human  operator.  it  depends  on  a  set  of  sensors  to  observe  and  cognize  the  environment  around  it.  an  autonomous  navigation  system  is  operated  using  a  drivebywire  technology.  it  can  be  used  for  surveillance  and  realtime  situational  awareness  in  areas  where  it  might  be  inconvenient,  hostile  or  impossible  to  have  a  human
__label__controloptimizationautonomy presence.  the  autonomous  navigation  system  commands  are  generated  by  the  vision  navigation  algorithms  in  lieu  of  a  human  operator.  the  customer  is  a  leading  defense  lab  involved  in  the  research  of  information  communication  technology  and  development  of  intelligent  systems.  the  customer  was  designing  an  autonomous  navigation  system  unmanned  ground  vehicle  and  approached  mistral  to  develop  the  autonomous  navigation  vehicle  design  to  be  used  for  various  security  surveillance  operations.  the  requirements  for  theautonomous  navigation  system  were  mistral  was  entrusted  with  the  complete  autonomous  navigation  vehicle  design  and  development,  including  integration  of  various  sensors,  software,  mechanical  outfits  and  components  ensuring  high  protection
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  shock  and  vibration,  and  providing  for  all  weather,  allterrain  operation.  mistral  partnered  with  one  of  leading  electric  vehicle  manufacturers  to  custom  design  and  develop  the  autonomous  navigation  system  to  suit  customer  requirement.  mistral  developed  a  stateoftheart  autonomous  navigation  vehicle  design  based  on  the  customized  vehicle  platform  and  integrated  electric  motor  controller,  brake,  parking,  steering  actuators  and  sensors  to  enable  drivebywire.  the  selected  allterrain  autonomous  navigation  system  or  autonomous  navigation  vehicle  design  was  fitted  with  multiple  sensors  like  ,  radar,  ultrasonic,  and  ambient  light  to  observe  and  cognize  the  environment  around  it.  read  the  full  case  study  to  know  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy telit  new  autonomous  navigation  iot  module  relies  on  internal  sensors  to  deliver  classleading  dead  reckoning  accuracy  london  telit  ,  a  global  enabler  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  today  announced  commercial  availability  of  the  ,  a  gnss  module  for  global  use  which  leverages  information  from  internal  gyros,  accelerometers  and  a  barometric  pressure  sensor  to  perform  navigation  for  application  areas  like  track  trace  and  invehicle  systems.  the  module  delivers  accurate  position  data  either  directly  from  its  multiconstellation  receiver  or  from  a  fully  autonomous  dr  system,  requiring  no  connections  to  external  devices  or  components  other  than  an  antenna  for  satellite  signal  reception
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  power.  the  module  allows  integrators  to  design  zeroinstallation,  invehicle  navigation  and  tracking  devices  for  fleets  and  other  commercial  or  consumer  applications  that  operate  simply  perched  on  the  dashboard;  connected  only  to  vehicle  power.  the  sl8693dr  is  a  flashmemory  based  module  capable  of  tracking  three  constellations  simultaneously.  the  module  integrates  an  array  of  micro  electromechanical  systems  designed  to  provide  it  seven  .  the  innovative  design  of  the  internal  sensor  array  in  conjunction  with  the  telit  memsonly  dead  reckoning  modr  software  and  intellectual  property,  deliver  the  host  device  unparalleled  portable,  turnkey  dr  performance.  the  telit  modr  solution  ensures  that  reliable  position,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy velocity  and  time  pvt  information  is  constantly  available  to  the  host  application  even  when  gnss  coverage  is  compromised,  without  the  need  for  connection  to  the  vehicle  for  wheelticks  for  speed  or  reversegear  data.  its  standard  footprint  lets  navigation  and  tracking  system  integrators  reuse  existing  device  designs,  eliminating  complexity  from  external  sensors  and  other  apparatus,  getting  to  market  quickly  with  updated  designs  or  product  innovation.  a  significant  number  of  the  millions  of  commercial  vehicles  and  fleets  on  the  roads  today  are  still  operating  with  no  or  unreliable  navigation  systems  because  installation  costs  to  connect  the  device  to  vehicle  sensors  are  too
__label__controloptimizationautonomy high  and  require  very  specialized  skills,  said  felix  marchal,  executive  vice  president  of  gnss  and  short  range  wireless.  with  the  sl8693dr  we  overcome  that  barrier  because  it  enables  devices  that  you  simply  connect  to  vehicle  power  and  go.  up  until  now,  powerandgo  navigation  systems  have  largely  relied  on  opensky  visibility,  which  is  not  typically  where  most  commercial  fleets  operate.  they  are  moving  through  tunnels,  urban  canyons  and  other  environments  where  these  systems  cannot  produce  a  position  solution.  reliable  memsonly  dead  reckoning,  or  modr  as  we  call  it,  relies  on  very  complex  mathematical  modeling  and  expert  design  of  the  sensor  array.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy developers  must  therefore,  thoroughly  scrutinize  performance  of  the  different  products  in  the  market.  i  am  delighted  that  the  sl8693dr  has  outperformed  competing  products  in  its  class  across  a  wide  range  of  test  cases.  the  sl8693dr  is  designed  to  support  gps,  qzss,  glonass,  beidou  and  is  galileo  ready.  telit  modr  technology  boosts  position  accuracy  in  areas  with  adverse  satellite  reception  conditions  like  urban  canyons,  overhead  foliage,  tunnels  and  parking  garages.  it  integrates  an  embedded  array  of  sensors  including  accelerometers,  gyroscopes  and  a  barometer  pressure  sensor.  an  antenna  on,  antenna  sense  open  /  short  circuit  feature,  allows  the  host  application  to  inform
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  user  of  problems  with  the  connection  to  the  external  antenna.  an  additional  delivers  better  sensitivity  in  harsh  environments,  better  enabling  devices  with  integrated  antennas.  the  module  also  features  fast  calibration  and  is  pintopin  compatible  with  the  ,  and  .  watch  a  video  where  performance  the  autonomous  sl8693dr  modr  is  compared  with  the  sl869adr  automotive  navigation  module  connected  to  vehicle  sensors  wheel  ticks  and  reverse  signal  .  download  a  sl8693dr  module  image  .  about  telit  aim:  tcm,  is  a  global  leader  in  internet  of  things  iot  enablement.  the  company  offers  the  industrys  broadest  portfolio  of  integrated  products  and  services  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy endtoend  iot  deployments  including  cellular  communication  modules  in  all  technologies,  gnss,  shorttolong  range  wireless  modules,  iot  connectivity  plans  and  iot  platform  services.  through  the  iot  portal,  telit  makes  iot  onboarding  easy,  reduces  risk,  time  to  market,  complexity  and  costs  for  asset  tracking,  remote  monitoring  and  control,  telematics,  industrial  automation  and  others,  across  many  industries  and  vertical  markets  worldwide.  copyright  2016  telit  communications  plc.  all  rights  reserved.  telit  and  all  associated  logos  are  trademarks  of  telit  communications  plc  in  the  united  states  and  other  countries.  other  names  used  herein  may  be  trademarks  of  their  respective  owners.  telit  media  contact  leslie  hart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 1  9194151510  telit  announces  the  sl8693dr  a  gnss  iot  module  that  leverages  information  from  internal  gyros,  accelerometers  and  a  barometric  pressure  sensor  to  perform  dead  reckoning  navigation  for  applications.  telit  media  contact  leslie  hart  1  9194151510
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  henry  chen,  ph.d.  internet  of  things  iot  extends  the  internets  connectivity  to  physical  devices,  sensors,  and  other  hardware  for  remote  monitoring  and  control.  iots  have  been  rapidly  deployed  in  manufacturing,  mining,  and  construction  industries.  the  pace  of  adaptation  will  no  doubt  explode  when  5g  becomes  widely  available.  unfortunately,  because  of  the  high  cost  of  installing  hardware  and  software  on  ships  at  sea,  coupled  with  the  limited  bandwidth  of  satellite  communication,  realizing  the  benefits  of  iot  in  shipping  will  be  more  challenging.  traditional  shipbuilding  utilizes  pointtopoint  hardwiring  to  transmit  data  between  sensors  and  control  systems.  bundles  of  wires  are  used
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  connect  sensors  in  the  engine  control  room  to  the  ships  bridge  for  display.  navigation  data  from  gps,  gyro,  speed  log,  and  anemometer,  as  well  as  helm  orders  also  use  the  wiring  conduits  to  relay  information  back  to  engine  control  room.  depending  on  distance  and  desired  reliability,  various  protocols  are  used  to  transmit  the  data,  ranging  from  analogue  voltages  and  420  ma  current  sources  to  rs  232/422/485  serial  interfaces.  existing  wiring  bundles  are  often  already  been  fully  utilized.  pulling  additional  cable  on  an  old  ship  is  a  dirty  job  not  welcome  by  any  shipboard  electrician.  unlike  an  integrated  automation  system
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  a  factory,  shipboard  systems  are  isolated  by  departments  for  business  reasons.  navigation  systems  on  the  bridge,  engine  room,  cargo  control,  and  ballast  systems  all  have  their  own  communication  protocols  and  own  network  from  different  suppliers  nmea,  canbus,  modbus,  opc  etc  they  dont  talk  to  each  other,  and  there  is  no  central  depository  of  data  on  a  ship.  installation  of  computer  networks  has  improved  the  situation  during  past  decade.  computers  on  a  shipboard  network  allows  emails  and  communications  between  shipboard  departments  as  well  as  with  shoreside  management.  local  area  network  lan  and  personal  computers  pc  are  standard  equipment  in  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy shipbuilding  contract.  even  when  the  work  is  carried  out  in  a  shipyard,  small  wiring  changes  require  service  engineers  to  come  aboard  and  spend  hours  to  make  sure  the  modifications  are  done  correctly,  and  do  not  impact  system  reliability.  costs  rapidly  escalate  if  the  modifications  are  done  while  the  ship  is  underway  or  during  limited  port  stays.  most  shipping  companies  have  experienced  paying  high  prices  to  cover  man  hours,  travel  expenses,  and  shipping  parts  to  remote  locations  for  servicing  and  maintaining  shipboard  systems.  any  additional  hardware  installation  is  viewed  as  an  unnecessary  headache  by  marine  superintendents.  traditionally,  shipping  companies  and  charterers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  relied  on  noon  reports  to  summarize  the  voyage  progress.  these  typically  include  ship  position,  average  speed,  fuel  consumed,  observed  wind,  wave  and  weather  conditions,  as  well  as  other  pertinent  data  over  the  past  24  hours,  which  are  manually  entered  by  ships  crew.  the  reports  are  often  required  by  charterers  to  monitor  ship  performance  and  to  be  informed  on  the  estimated  time  of  arrival  to  the  next  port.  past  experience  shows  that  noon  reports  often  contain  large  uncertainties  resulting  from  daily  averaging  of  widely  varying  weather  conditions,  and  manual  data  entry  errors.  intended  or  unintended  data  errors  create  mistrust  between
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ships  crew  and  shoreside  manager,  as  well  as  between  ship  owners  and  charterers.  outdated  charter  party  clauses  defining  bad  weather  further  contribute  to  the  confusion  in  making  speed  and  fuel  claims,  which  often  end  up  in  costly  arbitration.  recognizing  that  garbageingarbageout  gigo  cannot  render  actionable  decisionmaking,  shipping  companies  employ  dedicated  performance  managers  or  seek  outside  consultants  to  correct  erroneous  noon  reports  after  the  voyage  has  completed.  unfortunately,  while  such  actions  may  reduce  data  scatters  on  graphical  plots,  they  do  not  provide  much  insight  to  the  underlying  causes  of  wasted  fuel  or  heavy  weather  damages  that  have  occurred.  in  order  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy achieve  future  autonomous  navigation  and  performance  management  of  ships  at  sea,  it  is  necessary  to  obtain  high  frequency,  high  quality  data  for  modeling  and  tracking  purpose.  while  installing  embedded  iot  on  shipboard  equipment  could  be  costly,  it  is  relatively  easy  to  gather  data  from  existing  sensors  on  the  ships  network  using  a  shipboard  pc,  and  transmit  them  via  existing  communication  channels.  for  example,  most  of  the  pertinent  data  for  performance  monitoring  are  already  available  from  the  ecdis  and  voyage  data  recorder  vdr.  modern  ships  are  also  fitted  with  a  torque  meter  to  measure  shaft  horse  power  and,  in  some  cases,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  mass  flow  meter  to  measure  fuel  consumption.  many  of  these  data  streams  are  already  on  the  ships  lan.  other  standalone  systems  with  sensor  inputs  are  installed  in  close  proximity  in  the  electronics  room.  if  equipment  suppliers  standardized  their  communication  protocols  and  data  formats  e.g.  nmea  serial  interface,  udp/tcp/ip  protocol  etc.,  a  low  cost  computer  system  could  easily  gather  various  sensor  outputs  and  send  them  ashore.  raw  data  could  be  time  stamped,  and  compressed  to  save  transmission  cost,  or  stored  locally  on  a  network  hard  drive.  depending  on  the  monitoring  goals  and  available  satellite  bandwidth,  the  computer  can  automatically  transmit
__label__controloptimizationautonomy processed  summary  data  at  desired  intervals  via  email,  or  allow  shoreside  access  to  shipboard  sensor  data  and  alerts.  this  computer  system  can  serve  as  the  ships  iot  concentrator  and  gateway  to  enhance  operation  efficiency  and  safety.  while  standardization  of  a  shipboard  data  interface  is  a  long  term  goal,  it  is  already  possible  to  gather  most  of  the  critical  navigation  data  via  the  ships  own  ais  broadcast.  in  my  previous  article,  a  proposal  was  made  to  add  rpm  and  rudder  angle  to  the  ais  message  to  enable  a  better  collision  avoidance  decision  support  system.  costeffectiveness  of  nanosatellites  in  low  earth  orbit
__label__controloptimizationautonomy leo  points  to  the  future  of  monitoring  iot  from  space.  already,  ais  messages  broadcast  from  ships  at  sea  can  be  received  and  downloaded  to  shoreside  for  ship  identification  and  tracking  purposes.  however,  current  technology  has  not  yet  matured  enough  to  provide  high  frequency  data  in  realtime  data  with  acceptable  reliability.  on  the  other  hand,  a  low  cost  shipboard  computer  equipped  with  a  simple  ais  receiver  will  be  able  to  capture  data  continuously  broadcasted  by  its  own  ship,  as  well  as  nearby  ships,  and  relay  that  data  to  shore  in  regular  intervals,  either  automatically  or  made  available  for  remote  access  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realtime.  the  pertinent  data  for  performance  monitoring  and  ship  modeling  already  exists  in  the  standard  class  a  ais  message:  mmsi,  draft,  gps  location,  sog,  cog,  and  rot.  adding  propeller  rpm,  rudder  angle,  gyro  heading,  stw,  and  ships  alarms  that  are  recorded  by  vdr  would  provide  the  bulk  of  data  required  for  efficiency  and  safety  management.  the  beauty  of  the  setup  is  that  it  requires  very  little,  if  any,  new  wiring  from  the  sensors.  the  only  requirement  is  to  gain  access  to  sensor  data  that  are  routinely  monitored  and  stored  in  a  ships  vdr.  continuously  relaying  operation  data  except  voice  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy radar  images  to  shoreside,  similar  to  a  flight  data  recorder  on  an  airliner,  will  allow  accident  investigations  to  start  sooner,  thereby  saving  time  and  lives  while  waiting  for  the  full  recovery  of  data  stored  on  the  vdr.  cyber  security  is  no  doubt  a  major  concern  onboard  ships  as  crew  increasingly  use  the  internet  for  browsing  websites,  and  exchange  emails  with  family  and  friends.  computer  viruses  and  malware  can  affect  the  operation  of  critical  shipboard  systems,  and  should  be  defended  at  all  time.  with  the  dedicated  iot  gateway  router,  antivirus  software,  combined  with  network  security  measures  such  as  ip  address  filters,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vpn,  firewalls,  and  additional  dmzs,  should  be  implemented.  since  the  iot  gateway  described  in  this  article  is  a  fullfeatured  pc,  software  is  readily  available  to  support  different  types  of  email  servers  preferred  by  shipping  companies.  utilizing  virtual  network  computing  vnc  or  remote  desktop  protocol  rdp,  the  shipboard  iot  computer  software  can  be  remotely  updated  without  involving  the  crew.  if  desired,  the  gateway  computer  can  also  incorporate  a  usb  web  camera  or  interface  with  ip  security  cameras  to  record  timelapse  photos  of  ship  operations.  the  shipboard  big  data,  acquired  in  near  realtime,  can  be  stored  in  data  centers  hosted  by  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy business  intelligence  bi  system  providers.  these  systems  not  only  offer  data  storage  and  administration,  but  also  provide  sophisticated  tools  for  data  visualization  and  analytics.  customized  webbased  platforms  can  be  quickly  created  for  different  types  of  shipping  companies  using  their  own  key  performance  indicators  kpis.  alert  thresholds  can  be  established  to  warn  managers  via  text  or  email  at  any  time.  this  costeffective  approach  can  achieve  similar  goals  that  only  big  shipping  companies  can  afford,  saving  millions  of  dollars  spent  on  setting  up  and  manning  24/7  dedicated  operationsmonitoring  centers.  benefitting  from  todays  powerful  lowcost  computer  hardware  and  software,  it  is  possible  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy develop  a  fullfledged  ship  iot  concentratorgateway  to  acquire  large  amounts  of  ship  operations  data  without  huge  initial  setup  costs.  the  system  could  also  aid  incident  investigations.  a  low  cost  subscription  service  will  allow  shipping  companies  to  realize  increasing  benefits  as  more  data  are  accumulated  and  actionable  decisions  are  implemented  to  improve  safety  and  efficiency.  similar  to  the  predictive  maneuvering  models  i  described  in  my  previous  article,  the  iotfed  performance  models  proposed  here  may  be  utilized  to  optimize  ship  voyages,  minimizing  fuel  consumption  and  the  risk  of  heavy  weather  damage,  while  maintaining  scheduled  arrival  time  in  future  autonomous  ship  navigation  systems.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brainiot  aim  is  establishing  a  methodology  which  could  interconnect  different  autonomous  devices  in  a  unique  platform.  that  is,  to  create  a  practice  and  useful  system  for  making  possible  collaborative  smart  behaviors  between  different  devices.  the  iot  platforms  are  software  platforms  hosted  in  the  cloud,  that  pick  and  send  data  of  devices  in  a  network.  it  is  the  essential  support  to  develop  the  internet  of  things.  robotnik  will  integrate  brainiot  at  some  autonomous  mobile  platforms  to  perform  logistics  tasks.  in  a  pilot  demo,  a  warehouse  will  be  scanned  and  changes  will  be  updated,  so  workers  will  be  informed  of  the  situation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  real  time,  which  will  allow  them  to  adapt  their  human  resources  automatically.  robotniks  mobile  robots  will  be  an  interesting  test  for  the  iot  platform,  since  they  will  allow  to  show  how  the  outcomes  of  brainiot  allow  to  remotely  control  the  complex  devices  involved  in  a  logistics  scenario.  mostrando  hoy  casos  reales  de  robtica  mvil  colaborativa  en  .  gracias  por  permitirnos  acercar  las  ven  robotnik  participa  en  la  jornada  sobre  robtica  colaborativa  e  industria  4.0  organizada  por  la  etsi  de  la  uclm  ro  robotnik  automation  s.l.l.  c/  ciudad  de  barcelona,  3a  46988  p.i  fuente  del  jarro  paterna  valencia  spain  tel.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy published:  london,  nov  04,  2016  business  wire  ,  a  global  enabler  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  today  announced  commercial  availability  of  the  ,  a  gnss  module  for  global  use  which  leverages  information  from  internal  gyros,  accelerometers  and  a  barometric  pressure  sensor  to  perform  navigation  for  application  areas  like  track  trace  and  invehicle  systems.  the  module  delivers  accurate  position  data  either  directly  from  its  multiconstellation  receiver  or  from  a  fully  autonomous  dr  system,  requiring  no  connections  to  external  devices  or  components  other  than  an  antenna  for  satellite  signal  reception  and  power.  the  module  allows  integrators  to  design  zeroinstallation,  invehicle  navigation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  tracking  devices  for  fleets  and  other  commercial  or  consumer  applications  that  operate  simply  perched  on  the  dashboard;  connected  only  to  vehicle  power.  the  sl8693dr  is  a  flashmemory  based  module  capable  of  tracking  three  constellations  simultaneously.  the  module  integrates  an  array  of  microelectromechanical  systems  designed  to  provide  it  seven  .  the  innovative  design  of  the  internal  sensor  array  in  conjunction  with  the  telit  memsonly  dead  reckoning  modr  software  and  intellectual  property,  deliver  the  host  device  unparalleled  portable,  turnkey  dr  performance.  the  telit  modr  solution  ensures  that  reliable  position,  velocity  and  time  pvt  information  is  constantly  available  to  the  host  application
__label__controloptimizationautonomy even  when  gnss  coverage  is  compromised,  without  the  need  for  connection  to  the  vehicle  for  wheelticks  for  speed  or  reversegear  data.  its  standard  footprint  lets  navigation  and  tracking  system  integrators  reuse  existing  device  designs,  eliminating  complexity  from  external  sensors  and  other  apparatus,  getting  to  market  quickly  with  updated  designs  or  product  innovation.  a  significant  number  of  the  millions  of  commercial  vehicles  and  fleets  on  the  roads  today  are  still  operating  with  no  or  unreliable  navigation  systems  because  installation  costs  to  connect  the  device  to  vehicle  sensors  are  too  high  and  require  very  specialized  skills,  said  felix  marchal,  executive  vice  president
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  gnss  and  short  range  wireless.  with  the  sl8693dr  we  overcome  that  barrier  because  it  enables  devices  that  you  simply  connect  to  vehicle  power  and  go.  up  until  now,  powerandgo  navigation  systems  have  largely  relied  on  opensky  visibility,  which  is  not  typically  where  most  commercial  fleets  operate.  they  are  moving  through  tunnels,  urban  canyons  and  other  environments  where  these  systems  cannot  produce  a  position  solution.  reliable  memsonly  dead  reckoning,  or  modr  as  we  call  it,  relies  on  very  complex  mathematical  modeling  and  expert  design  of  the  sensor  array.  developers  must  therefore,  thoroughly  scrutinize  performance  of  the  different  products  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy market.  i  am  delighted  that  the  sl8693dr  has  outperformed  competing  products  in  its  class  across  a  wide  range  of  test  cases.  the  sl8693dr  is  designed  to  support  gps,  qzss,  glonass,  beidou  and  is  galileo  ready.  telit  modr  technology  boosts  position  accuracy  in  areas  with  adverse  satellite  reception  conditions  like  urban  canyons,  overhead  foliage,  tunnels  and  parking  garages.  it  integrates  an  embedded  array  of  sensors  including  accelerometers,  gyroscopes  and  a  barometer  pressure  sensor.  an  antenna  on,  antenna  sense  open  /  short  circuit  feature,  allows  the  host  application  to  inform  the  user  of  problems  with  the  connection  to  the  external  antenna.  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy additional  delivers  better  sensitivity  in  harsh  environments,  better  enabling  devices  with  integrated  antennas.  the  module  also  features  fast  calibration  and  is  pintopin  compatible  with  the  ,  and  .  watch  a  video  where  performance  the  autonomous  sl8693dr  modr  is  compared  with  the  sl869adr  automotive  navigation  module  connected  to  vehicle  sensors  wheel  ticks  and  reverse  signal  .  download  a  sl8693dr  module  image  .  about  telit  aim:tcm,  is  a  global  leader  in  internet  of  things  iot  enablement.  the  company  offers  the  industrys  broadest  portfolio  of  integrated  products  and  services  for  endtoend  iot  deployments  including  cellular  communication  modules  in  all  technologies,  gnss,  shorttolong  range
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wireless  modules,  iot  connectivity  plans  and  iot  platform  services.  through  the  iot  portal,  telit  makes  iot  onboarding  easy,  reduces  risk,  time  to  market,  complexity  and  costs  for  asset  tracking,  remote  monitoring  and  control,  telematics,  industrial  automation  and  others,  across  many  industries  and  vertical  markets  worldwide.  copyright  2016  telit  communications  plc.  all  rights  reserved.  telit  and  all  associated  logos  are  trademarks  of  telit  communications  plc  in  the  united  states  and  other  countries.  other  names  used  herein  may  be  trademarks  of  their  respective  owners.  t1:m  view  source  version  on  businesswire.com:  source:  telitproperty  formalnameprimarytwitterhandle  valuetelitiot  leslie  hart  1  9194151510  copyright  business  wire  2016
__label__controloptimizationautonomy partner  center  copyright  2019  marketwatch,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  by  using  this  site  you  agree  to  the  ,  ,  and  .  intraday  data  provided  by  and  subject  to  .  historical  and  current  endofday  data  provided  by  .  all  quotes  are  in  local  exchange  time.  realtime  last  sale  data  for  u.s.  stock  quotes  reflect  trades  reported  through  nasdaq  only.  intraday  data  delayed  at  least  15  minutes  or  per  exchange  requirements.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy personal  online  infosciondemand  plus  library  and  receive  complimentary  ebooks  of  previous  editions  ijrat  international  journal  of  robotics  applications  and  technologies  ijrat,  5  international  journal  of  robotics  applications  and  technologies  ijrat  to  reduce  difficulty  in  handling  automatic  cars,  stanley  wardbailey,  2016,  and  carina  fernandes  et  al.,  2014  have  proposed  autonomous  vehicles  bradley  2016.  easy  navigation  is  provided  to  the  vehicles  in  a  more  sophisticated  manner.  autonomous  vehicles  have  successfully  completed  the  darpa  grand  challenge  wikipedia,  2016b  dessert  challenge.  but  the  problem  in  using  the  autonomous  vehicles  is  that  at  times  it  is  complicated  for  the  users  to  give  the  longitude  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy latitude  coordination  for  decisionmaking.  the  optimal  way  of  easily  access  the  autonomous  vehicle  is  through  mobile  applications.  the  vehicle  can  be  accessed  through  calls,  messages  and  speech.  the  autonomous  intelligent  robotic  machine  responds  to  the  user  need  by  hand  gesture  signals,  understanding  them  and  communicating  them  to  the  autonomous  robotic  system  wynn  et  al.,  2014.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industry  4.0  covers  a  broad  spectrum  of  applications  that  rely  on  knowing  precisely  where  everything  is  inside  and  outside  of  manufacturing  facilities.  and  leading  iot  initiatives  like  digital  twin  have  become  globally  recognized  based  on  several  key  factors  like  falling  costs  of  key  technologies  to  drive  adoption  and  more  defined  use  cases  across  specific  industries  like  logistics.  the  redpoint  system  delivers  realtime,  high  precision  location  tracking  to  enable  mission  critical  iot  applications  such  as  autonomous  navigation,  assembly  tracking,  vehicle  tracking  automation  and  crane  positioning.  the  open  interface  allows:  this  technology  involves  using  digital  models  to  better  understand  and  manage  physical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy assets  and  is  already  well  established  in  some  industries;  it  has  the  potential  to  significantly  change  logistics  operations  globally.  redpoints  system  enables  todays  manufacturing  operators  to  achieve  this  vision.  digital  twin  is  a  virtual  digital  representation  of  a  physical  entity  that  can  simulate  and  monitor  both  the  physical  state  and  behavior  of  that  thing.  the  digital  version  maintains  a  realtime  connection  to  the  physical  object  and  updates  itself  to  reflect  all  changes  to  its  physical  counterpart.  leveraging  a  high  accuracy,  real  time  system  like  redpoints  to  track  workers,  products,  robots,  machines,  vehicles  and  even  entire  business  ecosystems,  digital  twins  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy access  precise  location  data  and  insights  from  the  past,  optimize  the  present  and  predict  future  operations  performance.  while  todays  applications  of  digital  twin  are  typically  focused  on  individual  machines  or  work  groups,  the  enterprise  is  moving  rapidly  to  deploy  this  on  a  facilitywide  scale.  copyright  2019  redpoint  positioning  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  system  designed  by  researchers  at  mit  and  elsewhere  enables  interconnected  smart  devices  to  cooperatively  pinpoint  their  positions  in  noisy  environments  where  gps  usually  fails,  which  is  useful  for  emerging  localizationofthings  applications.  image:  christine  daniloff,  mit  email:  phone:  6172532709  mit  news  office  1  images  for  download  media  can  only  be  downloaded  from  the  desktop  version  of  this  website.  a  new  system  developed  by  researchers  at  mit  and  elsewhere  helps  networks  of  smart  devices  cooperate  to  find  their  positions  in  environments  where  gps  usually  fails.  today,  the  internet  of  things  concept  is  fairly  wellknown:  billions  of  interconnected  sensors  around  the  world
__label__controloptimizationautonomy embedded  in  everyday  objects,  equipment,  and  vehicles,  or  worn  by  humans  or  animals  collect  and  share  data  for  a  range  of  applications.  an  emerging  concept,  the  localization  of  things,  enables  those  devices  to  sense  and  communicate  their  position.  this  capability  could  be  helpful  in  supply  chain  monitoring,  autonomous  navigation,  highly  connected  smart  cities,  and  even  forming  a  realtime  living  map  of  the  world.  experts  project  that  the  localizationofthings  market  will  grow  to  128  billion  by  2027.  the  concept  hinges  on  precise  localization  techniques.  traditional  methods  leverage  gps  satellites  or  wireless  signals  shared  between  devices  to  establish  their  relative  distances  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy positions  from  each  other.  but  theres  a  snag:  accuracy  suffers  greatly  in  places  with  reflective  surfaces,  obstructions,  or  other  interfering  signals,  such  as  inside  buildings,  in  underground  tunnels,  or  in  urban  canyons  where  tall  buildings  flank  both  sides  of  a  street.  researchers  from  mit,  the  university  of  ferrara,  the  basque  center  of  applied  mathematics  bcam,  and  the  university  of  southern  california  have  developed  a  system  that  captures  location  information  even  in  these  noisy,  gpsdenied  areas.  a  paper  describing  the  system  appears  in  the  proceedings  of  the  ieee  .  when  devices  in  a  network,  called  nodes,  communicate  wirelessly  in  a  signalobstructing,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  harsh,  environment,  the  system  fuses  various  types  of  positional  information  from  dodgy  wireless  signals  exchanged  between  the  nodes,  as  well  as  digital  maps  and  inertial  data.  in  doing  so,  each  node  considers  information  associated  with  all  possible  locations  called  soft  information  in  relation  to  those  of  all  other  nodes.  the  system  leverages  machinelearning  techniques  and  techniques  that  reduce  the  dimensions  of  processed  data  to  determine  possible  positions  from  measurements  and  contextual  data.  using  that  information,  it  then  pinpoints  the  nodes  position.  in  simulations  of  harsh  scenarios,  the  system  operates  significantly  better  than  traditional  methods.  notably,  it  consistently  performed  near
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  theoretical  limit  for  localization  accuracy.  moreover,  as  the  wireless  environment  got  increasingly  worse,  traditional  systems  accuracy  dipped  dramatically  while  the  new  soft  informationbased  system  held  steady.  when  the  tough  gets  tougher,  our  system  keeps  localization  accurate,  says  moe  win,  a  professor  in  the  department  of  aeronautics  and  astronautics  and  the  laboratory  for  information  and  decision  systems  lids,  and  head  of  the  wireless  information  and  networksciences  laboratory.  in  harsh  wireless  environments,  you  have  reflections  and  echoes  that  make  it  far  more  difficult  to  get  accurate  location  information.  places  like  the  stata  center  on  the  mit  campus  are  particularly  challenging,  because
__label__controloptimizationautonomy there  are  surfaces  reflecting  signals  everywhere.  our  soft  information  method  is  particularly  robust  in  such  harsh  wireless  environments.  joining  win  on  the  paper  are:  andrea  conti  of  the  university  of  ferrara;  santiago  mazuelas  of  bcam;  stefania  bartoletti  of  the  university  of  ferrara;  and  william  c.  lindsey  of  the  university  of  southern  california.  in  network  localization,  nodes  are  generally  referred  to  as  anchors  or  agents.  anchors  are  nodes  with  known  positions,  such  as  gps  satellites  or  wireless  base  stations.  agents  are  nodes  that  have  unknown  positions  such  as  autonomous  cars,  smartphones,  or  wearables.  to  localize,  agents  can  use  anchors  as  reference
__label__controloptimizationautonomy points,  or  they  can  share  information  with  other  agents  to  orient  themselves.  that  involves  transmitting  wireless  signals,  which  arrive  at  the  receiver  carrying  positional  information.  the  power,  angle,  and  timeofarrival  of  the  received  waveform,  for  instance,  correlate  to  the  distance  and  orientation  between  nodes.  traditional  localization  methods  extract  one  feature  of  the  signal  to  estimate  a  single  value  for,  say,  the  distance  or  angle  between  two  nodes.  localization  accuracy  relies  entirely  on  the  accuracy  of  those  inflexible  or  hard  values,  and  accuracy  has  been  shown  to  decrease  drastically  as  environments  get  harsher.  say  a  node  transmits  a  signal  to  another
__label__controloptimizationautonomy node  thats  10  meters  away  in  a  building  with  many  reflective  surfaces.  the  signal  may  bounce  around  and  reach  the  receiving  node  at  a  time  corresponding  to  13  meters  away.  traditional  methods  would  likely  assign  that  incorrect  distance  as  a  value.  for  the  new  work,  the  researchers  decided  to  try  using  soft  information  for  localization.  the  method  leverages  many  signal  features  and  contextual  information  to  create  a  probability  distribution  of  all  possible  distances,  angles,  and  other  metrics.  its  called  soft  information  because  we  dont  make  any  hard  choices  about  the  values,  conti  says.  the  system  takes  many  sample  measurements  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy signal  features,  including  its  power,  angle,  and  time  of  flight.  contextual  data  come  from  external  sources,  such  as  digital  maps  and  models  that  capture  and  predict  how  the  node  moves.  back  to  the  previous  example:  based  on  the  initial  measurement  of  the  signals  time  of  arrival,  the  system  still  assigns  a  high  probability  that  the  nodes  are  13  meters  apart.  but  it  assigns  a  small  possibility  that  theyre  10  meters  apart,  based  on  some  delay  or  power  loss  of  the  signal.  as  the  system  fuses  all  other  information  from  surrounding  nodes,  it  updates  the  likelihood  for  each  possible  value.  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy instance,  it  could  ping  a  map  and  see  that  the  rooms  layout  shows  its  highly  unlikely  both  nodes  are  13  meters  apart.  combining  all  the  updated  information,  it  decides  the  node  is  far  more  likely  to  be  in  the  position  that  is  10  meters  away.  in  the  end,  keeping  that  lowprobability  value  matters,  win  says.  instead  of  giving  a  definite  value,  im  telling  you  im  really  confident  that  youre  13  meters  away,  but  theres  a  smaller  possibility  youre  also  closer.  this  gives  additional  information  that  benefits  significantly  in  determining  the  positions  of  the  nodes.  extracting  many  features  from  signals,  however,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy leads  to  data  with  large  dimensions  that  can  be  too  complex  and  inefficient  for  the  system.  to  improve  efficiency,  the  researchers  reduced  all  signal  data  into  a  reduceddimension  and  easily  computable  space.  to  do  so,  they  identified  aspects  of  the  received  waveforms  that  are  the  most  and  least  useful  for  pinpointing  location  based  on  principal  component  analysis,  a  technique  that  keeps  the  most  useful  aspects  in  multidimensional  datasets  and  discards  the  rest,  creating  a  dataset  with  reduced  dimensions.  if  received  waveforms  contain  100  sample  measurements  each,  the  technique  might  reduce  that  number  to,  say,  eight.  a  final  innovation  was  using
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machinelearning  techniques  to  learn  a  statistical  model  describing  possible  positions  from  measurements  and  contextual  data.  that  model  runs  in  the  background  to  measure  how  that  signalbouncing  may  affect  measurements,  helping  to  further  refine  the  systems  accuracy.  the  researchers  are  now  designing  ways  to  use  less  computation  power  to  work  with  resourcestrapped  nodes  that  cant  transmit  or  compute  all  necessary  information.  theyre  also  working  on  bringing  the  system  to  devicefree  localization,  where  some  of  the  nodes  cant  or  wont  share  information.  this  will  use  information  about  how  the  signals  are  backscattered  off  these  nodes,  so  other  nodes  know  they  exist  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  the  lifeblood  of  the  autonomous  vehicle  is  the  detailed  maps  they  use  to  navigate  through  their  surroundings.  the  ability  to  create  such  detailed  maps  has  been  a  challenge  for  the  industry  and  has  indeed  seen  various  attempts  to  mitigate  the  need  for  scanners  to  travel  every  inch  of  the  worlds  roads.  for  instance,  developed  a  system  called  roadtracer  that  creates  detailed  maps  purely  from  aerial  photos  of  a  road  network.  another  mit  team  has  developed  an  alternative  solution  called  maplite,  which  they  claim
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enables  navigation  with  just  gps  and  sensors.  they  believe  that  this  system  allows  autonomous  vehicles  to  navigate  without  relying  on  maps,  and,  therefore,  to  travel  in  places  never  visited  before  by  mapping  vehicles.  it  achieves  this  by  combining  the  gps  data  you  find  in  standard  google  maps  with  an  array  of  sensors  that  can  observe  the  road  conditions  in  realtime.  this  allows  them  to  understand  road  conditions  over  100  feet  in  advance.  the  reason  this  kind  of  mapless  approach  hasnt  really  been  done  before  is  because  it  is  generally  much  harder  to  reach  the  same  accuracy  and  reliability  as  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy detailed  maps,  researchers  say.  a  system  like  this  that  can  navigate  just  with  onboard  sensors  shows  the  potential  of  selfdriving  cars  being  able  to  actually  handle  roads  beyond  the  small  number  that  tech  companies  have  mapped.  maplite  aims  to  help  vehicles  navigate  in  a  more  similar  way  to  humans.  the  gps  data  gives  a  rough  estimate  of  the  cars  location,  with  the  system  aware  of  its  intended  destination.  alongside  this  final  destination  is  a  local  navigation  goal,  which  has  to  be  within  view  of  the  car.  the  sensors  attached  to  the  vehicle  will  then  generate  a  path  to  this  point
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  lidar  to  gauge  the  location  of  the  roads  edges.  our  minimalist  approach  to  mapping  enables  autonomous  driving  on  country  roads  using  local  appearance  and  semantic  features  such  as  the  presence  of  a  parking  spot  or  a  side  road,  the  team  said.  of  course,  there  are  other  mapless  approaches  to  autonomous  vehicles,  but  most  of  these  rely  on  machine  learning  to  understand  the  vehicles  environment,  having  been  trained  on  similar  roads.  instead,  maplite  uses  modeling  techniques  to  produce  the  same  results.  the  team  admits  that  the  system  still  has  work  to  be  done  on  it.  for  instance,  it  still  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reliability  issues  on  mountain  roads  and  has  difficulties  accounting  for  significant  changes  in  elevation.  the  team  is  actively  working  on  these  challenges.  however,  they  hope  to  have  a  system  that  can  reach  comparable  levels  of  performance  and  reliability  as  mapped  systems,  but  with  a  much  broader  range.  i  imagine  that  the  selfdriving  cars  of  the  future  will  always  make  some  use  of  3d  maps  in  urban  areas,  they  explain.  but  when  called  upon  to  take  a  trip  off  the  beaten  path,  these  vehicles  will  need  to  be  as  good  as  humans  at  driving  on  unfamiliar  roads  they  have  never  seen
__label__controloptimizationautonomy before.  we  hope  our  work  is  a  step  in  that  direction.  its  a  fascinating  project,  and  you  can  learn  more  about  it  via  the  video  below.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__controloptimizationautonomy .  .  .  track  your  order  and  view  order  history.  the  ublox  vision  is  to  be  the  leading,  industryquality  supplier  of  communications  and  positioning  components  in  the  .  we  bring  to  the  table  our  core  competencies  as  well  as  the  synergies  between  our  core  product  areas:  cellular,  short  range  radio  and  positioning  modules  and  chips.  thus  we  can  offer  the  answers  to  the  questions  of  what,  where,  and  when.  the  aim  of  ublox  iot  is  to  offer  our  customers  productivity,  convenience,  and  security  with  the  ublox  focus  on  excellence  to  meet  the  highest  demands  for  robustness,  reliability,  quality,  and  longterm
__label__controloptimizationautonomy availability.  ublox  focuses  on  the  following  three  key  b2b  iot  areas:  learn  more  about  what  ublox  does  in  the  realm  of  internet  of  things:  concept:  internet  of  things  that  really  matter  according  to  ublox  video  interview:  embedded  world  2015  interview  on  ublox  iot  vision  video
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  and  connected  systems  acs  is  a  college  of  engineering  initiative  that  creates  a  community  of  scholars  to  advance  the  science  and  engineering  of  autonomy,  robotics,  and  the  internet  of  things  iot.  acs  interdisciplinary  teams  of  researchers  explore  innovative  research  ideas  in  these  areas  and  promote  technology  transfer  with  ip,  educational,  and  outreach  activities.  acs  members  integrate  their  research  into  educational  programs  at  the  k12,  undergraduate,  and  graduate  levels,  where  students  gain  classroom,  real  world,  and  international  experiences;  as  well  as  access  to  expert  mentors.  acs  faculty  partner  with  external  academic  partners,  corporations,  and  international  organizations  to  promote  and  advance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  current  stateoftheart  in  autonomy,  robotics,  and  iot  engineering  and  science.  lyles  family  professor  of  civil  engineering  and  director  of  the  joint  transportation  research  program  associate  professor  of  mechanical  engineering  thomas  a.  page  professor  ce,  codirector  of  the  civil  engineering  center  for  applications  of  uas  for  a  sustainable  environment  cecause,  and  associate  director  of  the  joint  transportation  research  program  professor,  aeronautics  and  astronautics;  directorinstitute  for  global  security  and  defense  innovation  igsdi,  director,  center  for  integrated  systems  in  aerospace  assistant  professor,  school  of  aeronautics  and  astronautics  professor,  school  of  mechanical  engineering  professor,  school  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering  and  director,  embedded
__label__controloptimizationautonomy systems  and  iot  lab  professor,  school  of  aeronautics  and  astronautics  nick  trbovich  professor  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering  associate  professor  or  electrical  and  computer  engineering  lyles  family  professor  of  civil  engineering  and  joint  transportation  research  program  director  purdue  university  204a  dlr  center  207  s.  martin  jischke  drive  west  lafayette,  in  479071971  7654942226  associate  professor  of  mechanical  engineering  purdue  university  hlab  1032,  me  2189  585  purdue  mall  west  lafayette,  in  479072088  7654943719  purdue  university  610  purdue  mall  west  lafayette,  in,  47906  copyright
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 158  pages  report  the  autonomous  navigation  market  is  estimated  at  usd  2.2  billion  in  2018  and  is  projected  to  reach  usd  13.5  billion  by  2030,  at  a  cagr  of  16.19  from  2018  to  2030.  factors  that  are  expected  to  fuel  the  growth  of  the  autonomous  navigation  market  are  the  development  of  sense  avoid  systems  in  autonomous  robots,  the  high  adoption  of  autonomous  robots  for  commercial  and  military  purposes,  and  demand  for  autonomous  robots  in  logistics.  based  on  solution,  the  software  segment  of  the  autonomous  navigation  market  is  projected  to  grow  at  the  highest  cagr  during  the  forecast  period.  data  analysis
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  management  software  are  used  in  autonomous  vehicles  to  carry  out  various  functions  such  as  smooth  mobility,  health  monitoring,  and  collision  avoidance.  the  software  integrated  into  the  system  is  responsible  for  carrying  out  complex  operations  and  providing  learning  capabilities.  based  on  application,  the  commercial  segment  is  expected  to  grow  at  the  highest  cagr  during  the  forecast  period.  the  commercial  segment  includes  all  autonomous  systems  used  in  the  aviation,  automotive,  logistics,  and  marine  sectors.  this  segment  is  expected  to  grow  tremendously  in  the  future  owing  to  the  continuous  research  development  in  robotics,  computer  vision,  artificial  intelligence,  and  edge  computing  capabilities.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy demand  for  autonomous  systems  is  expected  to  grow  in  the  future  due  to  the  potential  for  increasing  output  with  reduced  costs.  the  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  is  projected  to  grow  at  the  highest  cagr  during  the  forecast  period.  the  chinese  autonomous  navigation  market  is  the  largest  in  the  asia  pacific  region  and  is  witnessing  significant  growth  in  sales  and  the  demand  for  high  technology  vehicles.  china  is  one  of  the  key  markets  for  high  technology  vehicles,  given  the  rising  disposable  income  in  the  country.  nearly  all  major  automotive  oems  have  invested  in  the  chinese  market,  which  is  inclined  toward
__label__controloptimizationautonomy small  and  affordable  passenger  vehicles.  a  surge  in  demand  is  expected  as  the  current  vehicle  penetration  is  low  as  compared  to  that  of  developed  countries.  the  growing  automotive  production  levels  in  china  have  increased  the  demand  for  vehicles.  in  november  2018,  chinese  multinational  technology  company,  baidu,  and  swedish  car  manufacturer,  volvo  cars,  agreed  to  jointly  develop  electric  and  fully  autonomous  cars,  which  will  be  mass  produced  in  china.  with  growing  investments  in  autonomous  systems,  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  is  expected  to  grow  in  the  china.  the  major  players  in  the  autonomous  navigation  market  include  raytheon  us,  thales  france,  northrop
__label__controloptimizationautonomy grumman  us,  safran  france,  and  honeywell  international  us,  among  others.  raytheon  is  one  of  the  key  market  players  engaged  in  securing  contracts  to  increase  the  sale  of  autonomous  navigation  by  individual  platform  available.  market  size  available  for  years  20162030  base  year  considered  2017  forecast  period  20182030  forecast  units  value  usd  segments  covered  solution,  application,  platform,  and  region  geographies  covered  north  america,  apac,  europe,  middle  east,  and  row  companies  covered  raytheon  us,  thales  france,  northrop  grumman  us,  safran  france,  and  honeywell  international  us,  among  others  this  research  report  categorizes  the  autonomous  navigation  market  based  on  solution,  application,  platform,  and  region.  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy speak  to  our  analyst  for  a  discussion  on  the  above  findings,  click  1.1  objectives  of  the  study  1.2  market  definition  1.3  study  scope  1.3.1  regional  scope  1.3.2  years  considered  for  the  study  1.4  currency  1.5  limitations  1.6  market  stakeholders  2.1  research  data  2.1.1  secondary  data  2.1.1.1  key  data  from  secondary  sources  2.1.2  primary  data  2.1.2.1  key  data  from  primary  sources  2.1.2.2  breakdown  of  primaries  2.2  market  size  estimation  2.2.1  market  definition  scope  2.2.1.1  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  application  2.2.2  exclusions  2.3  research  approach  methodology  2.3.1  bottomup  approach  2.3.1.1  regional  autonomous  navigation  market  2.3.1.2  autonomous  navigation  market  for  size  segment  2.3.1.3
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  navigation  market  for  solution  2.3.2  topdown  approach  2.4  data  triangulation  2.5  assumptions  for  the  research  study  4.1  attractive  growth  opportunities  in  the  autonomous  navigation  market  4.2  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  solution  4.3  europe  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  application  country  4.4  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  platform  4.5  europe  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  application  4.6  europe  autonomous  navigation  market,  by  platform  5.1  introduction  5.2  market  dynamics  5.2.1  drivers  5.2.1.1  development  of  sense  and  avoid  systems  in  autonomous  systems  5.2.1.2  high  adoption  of  autonomous  robots  for  commercial  and  military  purposes  5.2.1.3  demand  for  autonomous  robots  in  logistics  5.2.2
__label__controloptimizationautonomy restraints  5.2.2.1  performance  in  untested  environments  and  lack  of  highlevel  interfacing  5.2.2.2  lack  of  required  infrastructure  for  autonomous  systems  in  developing  countries  5.2.3  opportunities  5.2.3.1  initiatives  for  the  development  of  autonomous  systems  5.2.3.2  support  services  provided  by  autonomous  robots  5.2.4  challenges  5.2.4.1  vulnerability  of  autonomous  systems  to  cyber  threats  due  to  automation  5.2.4.2  unclear  regulatory  framework  for  autonomous  systems  use  6.1  introduction  6.2  megatrends  that  drive  autonomous  navigation  market  6.2.1  artificial  intelligence  6.2.2  big  data  analytics  6.2.3  satellite  communication  enabling  connectivity  with  multiple  sites  navigation  for  autonomous  robots  6.3  technology  trends  6.3.1  navigation  technology  for  autonomous  systems  6.3.1.1  sensor  fusion
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  6.3.1.2  control  algorithms  6.3.1.3  research  on  a  standard  operating  system  os  for  robots  6.3.1.4  microelectromechanical  systems  inertial  navigation  system  6.3.1.5  highend  inertial  navigation  system  6.4  innovations  and  patent  registrations,  20122018  7.1  introduction  7.2  airborne  7.2.1  autonomous  aircraft  7.2.1.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  aircraft  is  expected  to  drive  the  airborne  autonomous  navigation  market  7.2.2  autonomous  drones  7.2.2.1  increasing  demand  for  air  medical  services  and  cargo  delivery  in  commercial  and  military  sectors  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  navigation  systems  in  autonomous  drones  7.3  land  7.3.1  autonomous  cars  7.3.1.1  high  demand  in  the  military  and  commercial  sectors  is  expected  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drive  the  market  for  autonomous  selfdriving  cars  7.3.2  autonomous  trains  7.3.2.1  the  autonomous  train  market  will  witness  a  high  growth  due  to  the  requirement  for  efficient  transportation,  low  electricity  consumption,  and  more  passenger  room  7.3.3  autonomous  industrial  robots  7.3.3.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  industrial  robots  in  logistics  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  7.4  marine  7.4.1  autonomous  ships  7.4.1.1  increasing  investments  on  the  development  of  autonomous  ships  are  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  7.4.2  autonomous  surface  vehicles  7.4.2.1  increasing  demand  from  commercial  and  defense  sectors  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  surface
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicles  7.4.3  autonomous  underwater  vehicles  7.4.3.1  growing  military  and  commercial  operations  are  expected  to  drive  the  demand  for  autonomous  underwater  vehicles  7.5  space  7.5.1  increase  in  demand  for  space  exploration  activities  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  this  segment  7.6  weapons  7.6.1  autonomous  weapons  7.6.1.1  increasing  investment  in  military  artificial  intelligence  from  major  countries  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  weapons  8.1  introduction  8.2  commercial  8.2.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  robots  in  logistics,  automotive,  and  marine  sectors  is  expected  to  drive  commercial  segment  8.3  military  government  8.3.1  application  of  robots  in  surveillance  operations  along  with  decline  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy casualties  due  to  replacement  of  humans  with  offensive  robots  has  resulted  in  military  government  segments  growth  9.1  introduction  9.2  sensing  system  9.2.1  ins  9.2.1.1  increasing  demand  for  ins  in  autonomous  robots  is  expected  to  drive  this  segment  9.2.2  gnss  9.2.2.1  increasing  demand  for  gnss  owing  to  its  high  accuracy  is  expected  to  drive  this  segment  9.2.3  radar  9.2.3.1  increasing  demand  for  commercial  and  military  applications  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  radarbased  autonomous  navigation  systems  9.2.4  lidar  9.2.4.1  high  navigational  accuracy  has  led  the  growing  demand  for  lidar  systems  in  autonomous  robots  9.2.5  ultrasonic  system  9.2.5.1  the  growing  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  asvs,  auvs,  and  autonomous  cars  has  increased  the  demand  for  ultrasonic  systems  9.2.6  camera  9.2.6.1  increasing  use  of  electrooptical  and  visual  cameras  is  expected  to  drive  this  segment  9.2.7  automatic  identification  system  ais  9.2.7.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  ships  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  ais  9.2.8  others  9.3  processing  unit  9.3.1  growing  requirement  for  sensors  in  autonomous  platforms  has  increased  the  demand  for  processing  units  9.4  software  9.4.1  artificial  intelligence  9.4.1.1  machine  learning  9.4.1.1.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  vehicles  is  driving  the  machine  learning  segment  9.4.1.2  computer  vision  9.4.1.2.1  increasing  usage  of  digital  cameras  for  a  3d
__label__controloptimizationautonomy view  of  the  surroundings  is  driving  the  computer  vision  market  10.1  introduction  10.2  north  america  10.2.1  us  10.2.1.1  increasing  investment  for  the  development  of  mobile  robots  for  military  application  is  expected  to  drive  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  the  us  10.2.2  canada  10.2.2.1  growing  demand  for  industrial  robots,  increasing  government  grants  funds,  growing  venture  capital  investments  is  expected  to  drive  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  canada  10.3  europe  10.3.1  uk  10.3.1.1  government  investment  in  research  activities  in  the  field  of  robotics  is  expected  to  drive  the  uk  autonomous  navigation  market  10.3.2  germany  10.3.2.1  increasing  investment  in  autonomous  cars  and  ships
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  germany  10.3.3  france  10.3.3.1  increasing  demand  for  autonomous  robots  in  the  military  is  expected  to  drive  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  france  10.3.4  italy  10.3.4.1  increasing  investment  for  the  development  of  autonomous  uavs  is  expected  to  drive  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  italy  10.3.5  russia  10.3.5.1  increasing  investment  in  the  development  of  military  robots  is  expected  to  drive  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  russia  10.4  asia  pacific  10.4.1  china  10.4.1.1  increasing  investment  in  automotive  and  military  robots  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  china  10.4.2  japan
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 10.4.2.1  increasing  investment  in  robotics  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  japan  10.4.3  india  10.4.3.1  increasing  investment  in  ai  and  robotics  under  digital  india  program  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  india  10.4.4  south  korea  10.4.4.1  increasing  investment  for  the  development  of  autonomous  cars  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  south  korea  10.4.5  australia  10.4.5.1  investments  for  introducing  autonomous  cars  uavs  are  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  australia  10.5  middle  east  10.5.1  israel  10.5.1.1  increasing  investment  in  autonomous  robots  is  expected  to  drive  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  israel  10.5.2  saudi  arabia  10.5.2.1  high  investment  to  transform  the  mass  transit  system  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  saudi  arabia  10.6  rest  of  the  world  10.6.1  latin  america  10.6.1.1  increasing  investment  for  the  development  of  autonomous  vehicles  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  latin  america  10.6.2  africa  10.6.2.1  investment  to  develop  autonomous  cars  is  expected  to  drive  the  market  for  autonomous  navigation  in  africa  11.1  introduction  11.2  competitive  leadership  mapping  11.2.1  visionary  leaders  11.2.2  innovators  11.2.3  dynamic  differentiators  11.2.4  emerging  companies  11.3  market  ranking  analysis  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy key  players,  2018  11.4  competitive  scenario  11.4.1  new  product  launches  11.4.2  agreements,  partnerships,  and  collaborations  11.4.3  acquisitions  11.4.4  contracts  business  overview,  products/services/solutions  offered,  recent  developments,  mnm  view,  swot  analysis  12.1  abb  12.2  honeywell  international  12.3  rollsroyce  12.4  kongsberg  gruppen  12.5  rh  marine  12.6  trimble  12.7  furuno  12.8  safran  12.9  thales  12.10  general  dynamics  12.11  l3  technologies  12.12  northrop  grumman  12.13  raytheon  12.14  rockwell  collins  12.15  moog  business  overview,  products/services/solutions  offered,  recent  developments,  mnm  view,  swot  analysis  might  not  be  captured  in  case  of  unlisted  companies.  13.1  discussion  guide  13.2  knowledge  store:  marketsandmarkets  subscription  portal  13.3  available  customization  13.4  related  reports
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 13.5  author  details  table  1  assumptions  for  the  research  study  table  2  list  of  some  mobile  robots  being  developed  table  3  timeline  and  design  development  targets  for  autonomous  ships  table  4  autonomous  driving  initiatives  among  automakers  table  5  innovations  and  patent  registrations  table  6  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  7  airborne  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  type,  20162030  usd  million  table  8  airborne  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  9  land  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  type,  20162030  usd  million  table  10  land  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd
__label__controloptimizationautonomy million  table  11  marine  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  type,  20162030  usd  million  table  12  marine  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  13  space  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  14  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  15  commercial  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20182030  usd  million  table  16  military  government  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  17  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  18  sensing  system:  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  type,  20162030  usd  million  table  19  sensing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy system:  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  20  processing  unit:  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  21  software:  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  22  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  23  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  24  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  25  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  26  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  country,  20162030  usd  million  table  27
__label__controloptimizationautonomy us  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  28  us  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  29  us  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  30  canada  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  31  canada  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  32  canada  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  33  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  34  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  35  europe  autonomous  navigation  market
__label__controloptimizationautonomy size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  36  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  country,  20162030  usd  million  table  37  uk  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  38  uk  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  39  uk  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  40  germany  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  41  germany  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  42  germany  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  43  france  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030
__label__controloptimizationautonomy usd  million  table  44  france  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  45  france  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  46  italy  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  47  italy  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  48  italy  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  49  russia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  50  russia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  51  russia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  52
__label__controloptimizationautonomy asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  53  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  54  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  55  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  country,  20162030  usd  million  table  56  china  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  57  china  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  58  china  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  59  japan  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  60
__label__controloptimizationautonomy japan  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  61  japan  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  62  india  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  63  india  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  64  india  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  65  south  korea  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  66  south  korea  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  67  south  korea  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  68  australia
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  69  australia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  70  australia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  71  middle  east  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  72  middle  east  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  73  middle  east  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  74  middle  east  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  country,  20162030  usd  million  table  75  israel  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  76  israel
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  77  israel  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  78  saudi  arabia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  79  saudi  arabia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  80  saudi  arabia  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  81  rest  of  the  world  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  82  rest  of  the  world  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  83  rest  of  the  world  autonomous  navigation  market  size,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  84  rest  of  the  world  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  region,  20162030  usd  million  table  85  latin  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  86  latin  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  87  latin  america  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  88  africa  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  solution,  20162030  usd  million  table  89  africa  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  platform,  20162030  usd  million  table  90  africa  autonomous  navigation  market  size,  by  application,  20162030  usd  million  table  91  new  product  launches,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 20142018  table  92  agreements,  partnerships,  and  collaborations,  20142018  table  93  acquisitions,  20142018  table  94  contracts,  20142018  figure  1  autonomous  navigation  market  segmentation  figure  2  report  process  flow  figure  3  research  design  figure  4  market  size  estimation  methodology:  bottomup  approach  figure  5  market  size  estimation  methodology:  topdown  approach  figure  6  data  triangulation  figure  7  sensing  system  segment  anticipated  to  lead  autonomous  navigation  market  from  2018  to  2030  figure  8  commercial  segment  estimated  to  lead  autonomous  navigation  market  in  2018  figure  9  airborne  segment  anticipated  to  grow  at  highest  cagr  during  forecast  period  figure  10  north  america  anticipated  to  lead  autonomous  navigation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy market  from  2018  to  2030  figure  11  increasing  investments  by  various  companies  to  develop  fully  autonomous  navigation  is  driving  the  autonomous  navigation  market  in  europe  figure  12  sensing  system  segment  projected  to  lead  autonomous  navigation  market  from  2018  to  2030  figure  13  military  government  segment  to  lead  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  in  2018  figure  14  land  segment  to  lead  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  from  2018  to  2030  figure  15  military  government  segment  projected  to  lead  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  from  2018  to  2030  figure  16  marine  segment  projected  to  lead  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  from  2018  to  2030
__label__controloptimizationautonomy figure  17  market  dynamics  of  the  autonomous  navigation  market  figure  18  potential  cyberattack  routes  for  marine  vessels  figure  19  airborne  segment  of  autonomous  navigation  market  to  record  highest  cagr  during  forecast  period  figure  20  commercial  segment  to  record  higher  cagr  than  military  government  segment  between  2018  and  2030  figure  21  software  segment  record  highest  cagr  during  forecast  period  figure  22  north  america  autonomous  navigation  market  snapshot  figure  23  europe  autonomous  navigation  market  snapshot  figure  24  asia  pacific  autonomous  navigation  market  snapshot  figure  25  key  growth  strategies  adopted  by  leading  players  in  the  autonomous  navigation  market  between  2014  and  2018  figure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 26  autonomous  navigation  system  market  oem  competitive  leadership  mapping,  2018  figure  27  market  ranking  of  top  players  in  the  autonomous  navigation  market,  2018  figure  28  abb:  company  snapshot  figure  29  abb:  swot  analysis  figure  30  honeywell  international:  company  snapshot  figure  31  honeywell  international:  swot  analysis  figure  32  rollsroyce:  company  snapshot  figure  33  rolls  royce:  swot  analysis  figure  34  kongsberg  gruppen:  company  snapshot  figure  35  kongsberg  gruppen:  swot  analysis  figure  36  trimble:  company  snapshot  figure  37  trimble:  swot  analysis  figure  38  furuno:  company  snapshot  figure  39  furuno:  swot  analysis  figure  40  safran:  company  snapshot  figure  41  safran:  swot  analysis  figure  42
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thales:  company  snapshot  figure  43  thales:  swot  analysis  figure  44  general  dynamics:  company  snapshot  figure  45  l3  technologies:  company  snapshot  figure  46  l3  technologies:  swot  analysis  figure  47  northrop  grumman:  company  snapshot  figure  48  northrop  grumman:  swot  analysis  figure  49  raytheon:  company  snapshot  figure  50  raytheon:  swot  analysis  figure  51  rockwell  collins:  company  snapshot  figure  52  rockwell  collins:  swot  analysis  figure  53  moog:  company  snapshot  the  study  considered  four  major  activities  to  estimate  the  current  market  size  for  autonomous  navigation.  exhaustive  secondary  research  was  undertaken  to  collect  information  on  the  market,  the  peer  market,  and  the  parent  market.  the  next
__label__controloptimizationautonomy step  was  to  validate  these  findings,  assumptions,  and  sizing  with  industry  experts  across  the  value  chain  through  primary  research.  both,  topdown  and  bottomup  approaches  were  employed  to  estimate  the  complete  market  size.  thereafter,  market  breakdown  and  data  triangulation  procedures  were  used  to  estimate  the  market  size  of  segments  and  subsegments.  in  the  secondary  research  process,  various  secondary  sources  such  as  hoovers,  bloomberg,  businessweek,  and  international  organizations  of  motor  vehicle  manufacturers,  society  of  indian  automobile  manufacturers  siam,  environment  protection  agency  epa,  international  council  on  clean  transportation  icct,  single  europe  act  sea,  and  shipbuilders  associations  of  japan  saj  were  referred  to,  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy identify  and  collect  information  for  this  study.  these  secondary  sources  included  annual  reports,  press  releases  investor  presentations  of  companies,  certified  publications,  articles  by  recognized  authors,  and  autonomous  navigation  databases.  the  autonomous  navigation  market  comprises  several  stakeholders  such  as  raw  material  suppliers,  processors,  endproduct  manufacturers,  and  regulatory  organizations  in  the  supply  chain.  the  demand  side  of  this  market  is  characterized  by  various  end  users  such  as  commercial  and  government  military  organizations.  the  supply  side  is  marked  by  advancements  in  autonomous  navigation  technology,  development  of  autonomous  navigation,  and  software  development.  various  primary  sources  from  both,  the  supply  and  demand  sides  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy market  were  interviewed  to  obtain  qualitative  and  quantitative  information.  following  is  the  breakdown  of  primary  respondents:  to  know  about  the  assumptions  considered  for  the  study,  both,  topdown  and  bottomup  approaches  were  used  to  estimate  and  validate  the  total  size  of  the  autonomous  navigation  market.  these  methods  were  also  used  extensively  to  estimate  the  size  of  various  subsegments  in  the  market.  the  research  methodology  used  to  estimate  the  market  size  includes  the  following:  after  arriving  at  the  overall  market  sizeusing  the  market  size  estimation  processes  as  explained  abovethe  market  was  split  into  several  segments  and  subsegments.  to  complete  the  overall  market
__label__controloptimizationautonomy engineering  process  and  arrive  at  the  exact  statistics  of  each  market  segment  and  subsegment,  data  triangulation,  and  market  breakdown  procedures  were  employed,  wherever  applicable.  the  data  was  triangulated  by  studying  various  factors  and  trends  from  both,  the  demand  and  supply  sides,  in  the  autonomous  navigation  industry.  with  the  given  market  data,  marketsandmarkets  offers  customizations  according  to  the  companys  specific  needs.  our  analyst  will  help  you  find  shift  in  revenue  source  of  your  client  and  clients  client  impacting  you.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy onnected  cars  are  evolving.  vehiclecentric  iot  services  such  as  the  remotecontrolled  heaters  and  digital  door  locks  are  common  today.  but  these  services  are  merely  the  stepping  stones  to  the  truly  connected  car.  after  internet  of  things  iot,  connected  cars  seems  to  be  the  next  most  talked  about  topic  in  the  industry.  from  automobile  manufacturers  to  telecom  operators  to  software  vendors  to  consumer  electronics  companies,  everyone  is  excited  about  the  connected  vehicle  phenomenon.  contemporary  cars,  with  the  power  of  twenty  modern  pcs,  already  pack  more  punch  than  any  other  computing  device.  they  have  more  than  100  million  lines  of  code  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  process  up  to  25gb  of  data  in  an  hour.  keeping  aside  the  hype  created  by  the  industry  players,  connected  cars  do  bring  a  lot  of  value  to  the  table.  one  of  the  factors  thats  turning  this  concept  into  a  reality  is  ubiquitous  connectivity.  automobile  manufacturers  are  teaming  up  with  telecom  organizations  to  provide  connectivity  to  their  vehicles.  when  cars  equipped  with  cameras  and  sensors  meet  mobile  connectivity,  connected  cars  share  and  receive  data  using  the  cloud.  there  are  endless  possibilities  for  that  data.  data  strong  enough  to  change  the  core  of  the  automotive  industry  is  provided  by  connected  cars
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  automakers.  automotive  iot  is  changing  the  way  we  use  vehicles,  from  location  tracking  to  assisted  and  autonomous  drive.  lets  take  a  look  at  how  iot  connectivity  is  transforming  the  automobile.  connected  cars  take  the  infotainment  to  the  next  level  by  delivering  popular  content  to  consumers.  car  entertainment  today  is  mostly  confined  to  bluetooth  connectivity  and  fm  radio.  with  increasing  availability  of  highspeed  networks,  popular  streaming  services  like  hulu,  pandora,  and  spotify  are  becoming  a  part  of  the  infotainment  landscape  in  automobiles.  consumers  will  soon  have  plenty  of  options  in  digital  content.  apple  with  apples  carplay  and  google  with  android
__label__controloptimizationautonomy auto  are  competing  to  becoming  the  brain  behind  incar  infotainment.  consumers  can  use  familiar  voiceactivated  technologies  such  as  siri  and  google  now  to  interact  with  the  infotainment  system,  while  amazon  is  partnering  with  ford  to  bring  its  popular  alexa  engine  to  the  car.  most  infotainment  systems  are  presently  in  a  strange  period  where  consumers  can  choose  between  manufacturermade  infotainment  applications  myford  touch,  bmw  idrive,  etc.  or  thirdparty  apps  created  by  mobile  operating  system  giants  google  android  auto  and  apple  carplay.  the  coming  generation  of  connected  car  services  is  providing  car  makers  paths  to  new  revenue  and  new  customers.  incar  purchases
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  applications  and  other  services  will  produce  revenue  and  incentivize  developers  to  innovate.  car  sharing  models  are  already  changing  the  way  people  access  vehicles,  with  a  low  initial  investment,  and  payment  based  on  usage,  either  as  a  driver  or  passenger.  most  modern  cars  are  equipped  with  gpsbased  navigation  systems.  connected  cars  will  come  with  smart  navigation  features  that  include  locationbased  services.  for  instance,  your  car,  based  on  the  current  fuel  levels,  can  prompt  you  to  halt  at  the  next  fuel  station.  it  will  be  able  to  track  the  distance  to  the  nearest  refilling  station  and  automatically  change  the  destination.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advanced  navigation  system  of  your  car  will  be  able  to  access  your  calendar  to  figure  out  the  time  it  takes  to  get  to  your  next  meeting.  and  based  on  the  weather  conditions  and  realtime  traffic,  your  car  must  recommend  the  best  route.  they  can  suggest  preferred  brands  and  pointsofinterest  based  on  prior  customizations  and  selections,  by  accessing  past  datasets.  in  fact,  our  work  with  volkswagen  on  their  my  vwdrive  application  provides  added  convenience  at  the  drivers  fingertips.  with  numerous  functions  that  include  driving  style  and  fuel  consumption  tracking,  the  app  enhances  the  drive  with  smart  capabilities  that  keep  the  driver
__label__controloptimizationautonomy safe  and  in  control,  while  providing  realtime  insights  on  the  car  condition  and  performance.  with  graph  calculations  for  driver  score,  distance,  duration,  fuel  efficiency  and  fuel  consumption  and  periodic  fetching  of  data  or  polling  every  three  mins  in  the  background,  we  ensure  that  the  data  seen  on  the  application  is  always  upto  date.  with  local  storage,  the  application  can  be  used  offline,  too.  with  connected  cars,  you  reach  your  destination  safely,  quickly  and  in  a  costefficient  manner.  before  reaching  a  signal,  a  smart  car  can  slow  down  by  communicating  with  road  infrastructure  and  traffic  signals.  just  before  the  lights  turn
__label__controloptimizationautonomy green,  it  can  even  stop  and  start  the  car  automatically.  this  feature  allows  for  greater  fuel  efficiency.  the  wear  and  tear  of  a  vehicle  can  be  assessed  by  connected  cars  by  tracking  the  driving  patterns.  insurance  agencies  can  leverage  this  information  by  calculating  the  premium  thats  based  on  the  maintenance  and  usage  of  the  car.  to  perform  predictive  analysis,  service  stations  can  periodically  gather  the  diagnostic  information  over  the  air.  they  can  even  proactively  connect  with  the  car  owners  to  fix  a  service  appointment.  mobile  payments  are  already  catching  on  quick  across  the  globe.  both  mastercard  and  visa  are  now
__label__controloptimizationautonomy working  with  automobile  companies  to  bring  electronic  payments  to  smart  vehicles.  next  time  you  pass  a  toll  gate,  your  digital  wallet  embedded  in  the  car  dashboard  will  charge  your  card  automatically.  same  with  parking  slots  in  public  places  like  malls,  parks,  etc.  leveraging  incloud  data  management,  invehicle  data  collection  and  user  analytics,  automotive  iot  encourages  endtoend  fleet  management  implementation.  fleet  management  solutions  encompass  vehicle  location  tracking  and  scheduling,  connected  vehicle  sensors,  fuel  tracking,  vehicle  usage  analytics,  speed  control,  car  leasing  solutions,  fleet  and  driver  management,  workload  management  even  and  traffic  management.  the  condition  and  status  of  almost  every  aspect  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  connected  car  are  visualized  on  the  dashboard.  additionally,  a  wide  range  of  information  is  accessible  to  drivers  through  mobile  phone  apps.  by  showing  average  miles  per  gallon  in  different  environments,  it  can  even  tell  a  driver  how  efficiently  he  or  she  is  driving.  information  on  scheduled  maintenance  can  be  sent  automatically  to  an  assigned  garage  to  facilitate  smooth,  efficient  service.  with  rates  based  on  driving  behavior,  usage,  and  other  variables,  insurance  companies  are  offering  policies  using  data  from  connected  vehicles.  called  pay  as  you  drive  payd,  userbased  insurance  ubi  and  pay  how  you  drive  phyd,  is  already  practiced  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy certain  countries.  the  stolen  vehicle  recovery  svr  or  stolen  vehicle  tracking  svt,  an  extension  of  the  ubi  service,  wherein  the  system  works  with  the  police  to  locate  and  recover  the  stolen  vehicle  in  the  event  of  reported  theft.  car  manufacturers  are  increasingly  finding  connectivity  on  the  move  to  be  a  highly  valuable  sales  driving  feature.  through  a  shared  usage  of  their  m2m  sim  card,  connected  cars  will  be  expected  to  function  as  mobile  hotspots  for  passengers.  outside  their  cars,  users  are  used  to  network  connections,  anytime,  anywhere.  users  now  want  their  cars  to  provide  mobile  connectivity  with  high  standards  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy quality,  reliability,  and  speed.  multiple  sensors  are  tracked  by  the  central  monitoring  system  for  indications  and  warning  signs  related  to  the  health  of  your  car.  it  even  checks  for  hazardous  road  conditions  and  external  weather  conditions  to  alert  the  driver  in  time.  most  cars  are  already  compliant  with  onboard  diagnostics  obdii  standard  that  interfaces  with  external  devices.  many  mobile  apps  can  communicate  with  obd  devices  via  bluetooth  or  wifi.  in  the  last  decade,  almost  every  car  manufactured  comes  with  obd  functionality.  by  tracking  the  speed  and  the  proximity  with  other  vehicles,  connected  cars  can  also  avert  collisions.  through  cameras,  smart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicles  can  capture  the  state  of  drivers  and  warn  them  when  they  suffer  from  fatigue  and  tiredness.  the  system  can  even  optimize  the  music,  temperature  and  seat  functions  to  ensure  that  the  driver  is  alert.  if  we  implement  the  ecall  regulation,  like  the  european  union,  where  all  cars  are  required  to  have  the  ecall  facility  from  april  2018,  in  case  of  an  accident,  the  vehicle  will  automatically  send  location  and  status  signals  to  emergency  services.  faster  response  time  will  save  many  lives.  with  my  vmdrive  app,  weve  worked  to  ensure  that  users  will  be  able  to  easily  obtain  immediate  help
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  mondial  roadside  assistance  in  the  case  of  an  emergency.  here  the  focus  is  on  autopilot  mode  enablement,  that  is,  partial  or  full  automatic  driving.  now  lets  address  autonomous  driving,  the  elephant  in  the  room.  currently,  selfdriving  cars  or  fully  autonomous  vehicles  are  not  available  in  the  market,  and  they  probably  wont  be  for  a  long  time.  however,  semiautonomous  cars  already  exist,  and  the  lives  saved  are  hugely  due  to  iot.  features  like  brake  assist,  front  collision  warning,  blind  spot  monitors,  remote  parking  and  selfparking  are  all  developments  coming  out  of  the  rising  use  of  proximity  sensors,  integrated  cameras,  adaptive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy headlights  sensors  and  other  connectivity  components  that  define  the  iot.  these  features  are  in  place  to  get  rid  of  the  human  error  and  make  driving  more  convenient  and  much  safer.  todays  manufacturers  fit  their  vehicles  with  special  systems  which  connect  the  vehicle  to  your  android  or  ios  app,  allowing  you  to  decide  how  your  vehicle  is  driven  by  setting  limits  on  speed  and  the  no.  of  working  hours.  if  your  child  happens  to  take  your  car  without  asking  or  goes  over  the  speed  limit,  you  immediately  receive  a  message.  follow  us  on  product  insights  blog  from  cognitiveclouds:  top  iot  app
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by:  on  may  10th,  2019  just  a  decade  ago,  the  prospect  of  selfdriving  vehicles  taking  over  the  highways  still  seemed  a  little  farfetched.  while  there  are  still  a  number  of  difficulties  facing  the  widespread  implementation  of  autonomous  vehicles,  both  the  tech  and  automotive  industries  increasingly  see  them  as  the  inevitable  future  of  transportation.  the  real  question  is  how  quickly  network  infrastructures  can  adapt  to  prepare  for  the  massive  challenges  this  technology  presents.  one  way  or  another,  will  be  a  critical  part  of  this  future.  more  its  taken  for  granted  that  autonomous  vehicles  will  generate  a  lot  of  data,  but  its
__label__controloptimizationautonomy worth  taking  a  moment  to  think  about  just  how  much  data  can  be  expected  in  the  future.  estimates  vary,  but  a  single,  selfdriving  test  vehicle  can  produce  a  staggering  in  a  single  day  of  driving.  there  are  over  on  the  road  in  the  us  alone,  so  even  if  only  a  small  percentage  of  them  are  replaced  by  autonomous  models  in  the  next  few  years  the  would  represent  less  than  1  of  the  total,  the  amount  of  data  being  generated  will  be  immense.  much  of  this  data  will  be  and  will  need  to  be  run  through  to  produce  actionable  data  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy any  value  to  businesses.  edge  computing  framework  will  help  to  prioritize  what  data  needs  to  remain  on  the  edge  to  be  processed  by  the  vehicles  onboard  computing  power  and  what  data  should  be  relayed  back  to  data  centers  for  analysis.  will  serve  a  critical  role  in  this  network,  functioning  as  a  relay  station  and  providing  for  missioncritical  analytics  that  need  to  remain  near  end  users.  the  autonomous  vehicle  is  the  .  powerful  enough  to  handle  onboard  computing  tasks  and  wellconnected  enough  to  interface  with  multiple  networks  and  devices,  they  will  be  in  constant  communication  with  the  world  around  them  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy making  splitsecond  decisions  based  upon  the  from  an  array  of  sophisticated  sensors.  no  connection  will  be  more  important,  however,  than  the  machine  to  machine  m2m  communication  between  a  selfdriving  car  and  the  other  vehicles  on  the  road.  every  autonomous  vehicle  broadcasts  critical  data  on  weather  changes  and  road  conditions,  allowing  other  vehicles  to  learn  about  potential  hazards  like  detours,  debris,  accidents,  and  flooding  early  enough  to  adjust  accordingly.  much  of  this  data  will  be  able  to  be  sent  and  received  between  the  vehicles  themselves,  without  requiring  them  to  interface  with  .  this  communication  effectively  turns  every  vehicle  on  the  highway
__label__controloptimizationautonomy into  an  extension  of  every  other  vehicles  sensors,  providing  the  very  best  information  possible  on  the  highway  environment.  with  so  much  data  pouring  in,  of  course,  it  will  be  more  important  than  ever  for  vehicles  to  have  ready  access  to  edge  data  centers  to  offload  nonmission  critical  data  for  later  analysis.  its  one  thing  for  a  computer  game  to  experience  lag  when  connecting  to  a  central  server;  while  latency  could  mean  the  difference  between  victory  and  defeat,  its  still  only  a  game  and  no  actual  lives  are  at  stake.  in  an  autonomous  vehicle,  however,  even  can  result  in  an  accident
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  catastrophic  loss  of  life.  the  stakes  are  simply  too  high  to  allow  the  vehicles  networks  to  be  plagued  by  lag.  selfdriving  cars  need  to  react  immediately  to  changing  road  conditions;  they  cant  simply  come  to  a  stop  while  waiting  for  instructions  or  recommendations  from  a  distant  cloud  server  analyzing  data.  edge  computing  offers  the  only  real  solution  to  this  problem.  in  fact,  the  heavy  investment  in  autonomous  vehicle  research  has  been  one  of  the  reasons  so  many  tech  companies  are  their  edge  computing  framework.  by  colocating  servers  and  computing  resources  in  located  in  both  high  traffic  areas  and  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy farflung  areas  with  limited  bandwidth  access,  companies  can  ensure  that  their  autonomous  vehicles  are  able  to  access  the  data  they  need  with  minimal  latency  to  make  decisions  quickly.  as  iot  edge  devices,  selfdriving  cars  also  have  the  ability  to  make  their  own  decisions  without  relying  on  guidance  from  servers  located  in  distant  data  centers.  for  autonomous  vehicles  to  reach  their  full  potential,  high  traffic  urban  areas  will  need  to  step  up  their  iot  game.  about  everything  from  road  conditions  to  realtime  reports  on  congestion  will  allow  fully  iotintegrated  to  provide  selfdriving  cars  with  valuable  information  to  help  them  make  better,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  efficient  decisions.  by  creating  such  a  datarich  environment  with  ready  access  to  local  data  center  computing  resources,  cities  can  help  to  leverage  the  full  potential  of  iot  edge  devices.  while  autonomous  vehicles  get  most  of  the  press,  many  cities  are  already  making  significant  investments  to  prepare  for  the  selfdriving  future.  and  its  not  just  the  wealthiest,  most  populous  cities  taking  the  first  steps.  in  july  of  2018,  for  example,  columbus,  oh  announced  its  ambitious  program,  which  is  itself  one  of  nine  projects  in  the  smart  columbus  initiative  to  help  the  city  transform  its  transportation  and  network  infrastructure.  funded  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  40  million  grant  from  the  u.s.  department  of  transportation  after  winning  the  smart  city  challenge  in  2016,  these  programs  are  just  one  example  of  how  cities  are  positioning  themselves  to  capitalize  on  the  potential  of  autonomous  vehicle  technology.  the  expansion  of  edge  computing  framework  and  iot  edge  devices  will  continue  to  strain  .  while  4g  infrastructure  has  made  modern  mobile  devices  possible,  it  simply  lacks  the  bandwidth,  speed,  and  efficiency  to  serve  as  a  viable  longterm  solution  to  a  world  dominated  by  autonomous  vehicles.  increasingly,  the  old  system  of  connecting  multiple  devices  to  centralized  servers  is  no  longer  sufficient
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  meet  the  demands  of  innovative  new  technology.  within  the  next  few  years,  will  provide  companies  with  a  means  of  extending  their  network  capacity  and  edge  computing  capabilities.  building  a  complex,  dense  network  consisting  of  ,  colocated  computing  resources  at  the  base  of  4g  cellular  towers,  and  numerous  5g  small  cell  towers  can  make  the  future  of  autonomous  vehicles  both  possible  and  practical.  edge  computing  practices  continue  to  find  new  potential  uses  every  year  as  the  grows.  with  the  widespread  adoption  of  autonomous  vehicles  seemingly  poised  to  take  place  sometime  within  the  next  decade,  it  will  be  critical  for  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy centers  to  extend  their  reach  and  capabilities  to  facilitate  this  revolution  in  transportation.  while  the  selfdriving  future  may  not  be  here  quite  yet,  now  is  the  time  to  put  the  necessary  data  infrastructure  in  place  to  ensure  that  the  implementation  of  these  remarkable  iot  edge  devices  will  be  as  smooth  as  possible.  as  the  marketing  director  at  vxchnge,  blair  is  responsible  for  managing  every  aspect  of  the  growth  marketing  objective  and  inbound  strategy  to  grow  the  brand.  her  passion  is  to  find  the  topics  that  generate  the  most  conversations.  november  25,  2019  walmart,  j.  crew  and  best  buy  represent  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy small  sample  of  some  of  the  top  brands  that  experienced  black  friday  website  ...  read  more  november  20,  2019  cloud  computing  was  a  gamechanger.  it  still  occupies  a  vital  position  in  the  modern  network  environment  since  cloudbased  ...  read  more  october  4,  2019  edge  computing  is  an  exciting  new  approach  to  network  architecture  that  helps  organizations  break  beyond  the  limitations  ...  read  more  use  this  checklist  to  help  protect  you  investment,  mitigate  potential  risk  and  minimize  downtime  during  your  data  center  migration.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  all  the  domainsiot  has  impacted,  the  automotive  industry,  with  its  connected  car,  seems  to  be  creating  the  most  interest  from  both  enterprises  and  consumers.  cars  are  changing  at  an  incredible  rate,  and  industry  leaders,  government  authorities  and  prospective  buyers  are  all  responding.  in  fact,  just  yesterdaythe  german  bundesrat  passed  a  resolution  to  ban  the  sales  of  all  combustion  engine  vehicles  in  the  european  union  by  2030  to  create  zeroemissions  roads,  .  but  the  entire  experience  of  driving  is  changing  alongside  the  way  cars  are  being  powered.  new  iotenabled  developments  are  turning  the  car  into  an  safer,  more  comfortable  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environment  for  getting  around.  lets  take  a  look  some  of  the  many  ways  iot  connectivity  is  transforming  the  automobile.  we  will  start  with  the  elephant  in  theroom,  autonomous  driving.  fully  autonomous  vehicles,  or  selfdriving  cars,  are  not  currently  available  on  the  market,  and  they  wont  be  for  a  long  time,  .  but  semiautonomous  vehiclesdo  already  exist,  and  the  lives  being  saved  are  inlarge  part  thanks  to  iot.features  like  front  collision  warning,  brake  assist,  blind  spot  monitors,  selfparking  and  remote  parking  are  all  creations  coming  out  of  the  increasing  use  ofintegrated  cameras,  proximity  sensors,  adaptive  headlightssensors  and  other  connectivity  components  thatdefine
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things.these  features  are  in  place  to  get  rid  of  human  error,  and  make  driving  more  convenience  and  much  safer.  cars  will  need  to  provide  drivers  with  a  reliable,  highspeed  mobile  network  if  they  are  to  fuel  our  own  constantly  connected  demands.  4g  lte  connectivity,  offered  on  a  subscription  basis,  isgaining  popularity.in  the  past  two  years,  more  than  2  million  chevrolet  cars  with  4g  lte  have  been  sold,  and,  according  to  gm,  those  connectionshave  chewed  through  3  million  gigabytes  of  data,  .  connected  cars  will  be  expected  to  become  more  and  more  connection  spots  for  passengers  through  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy shared  usage  of  their  m2m  card.  car  manufacturers  are  using  that  mobile  connectivity  to  create  intelligent  infotainment  systems.  most  infotainment  systems  are  currently  in  a  strange  period  whenusers  can  choose  between  manufacturemade  infotainment  applicationsbmw  idrive,  myford  touch,  etc  or  thirdparty  apps  created  by  mobile  operating  system  giants  google  android  auto  and  apple  carplay.  cars  are  nowadays  expected  to  provide  information  and  entertainment  streaming  preferred  music  or  radio  stations,  offering  intelligent  onboard  navigation  and  contextual  information  of  points  of  interest  such  as  the  nearest  gasstation  when  the  car  is  running  low  on  fuel  or  nearby  restaurants  if  it  is  lunchtime.  last
__label__controloptimizationautonomy year,  the  in  favor  of  ecall  regulation  which  requires  all  new  cars  be  equipped  with  ecall  technology  from  april  2018.  in  the  event  of  a  serious  accident,  ecall  automatically  dials  112  europes  single  emergency  number,  and  sends  the  appropriate  authorities  to  the  scene.  according  to  the  eu,  ecall  cuts  emergency  services  response  time  down  to  50  in  the  countryside  and  60  in  builtup  areas.  the  quicker  response  will  save  hundreds  of  lives  in  the  eu  every  year.  u.s.  car  manufacturers  offer  their  own  flavor  of  ecall  technology,  with  gms  onstar  and  fords  sync.  no  more  getting  down  on  your  hands
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  knees  to  check  all  four  tires  with  an  air  pressure  gauge  when  your  flat  tire  light  turns  on.  connected  cars  have  dashboard  visualizations  showing  the  condition  of  just  about  every  part  of  the  vehicle,  from  tire  pressure  to  when  a  door  is  left  open.  these  use  a  combination  of  sensors  and  rf  technology  to  keep  drivers  informed  so  they  can  make  appropriate  repairs  when  needed.  it  can  even  tell  a  driver  how  efficiency  he  or  she  is  driving  by  showing  average  mpg  in  different  environments.  related  related
__label__controloptimizationautonomy software  engineering  services  for  oems  and  tier  1  companies  automate  driving  with  immediate  response  to  the  road  situations  integrate  apps,  screens,  and  infotainment  systems  ensure  compliance  of  lowlevel  software  with  industry  standards  predict  road  conditions  and  traffic  situations  in  advance  analyze  the  road  situation  instantaneously  navigate  safely  with  realtime  data  get  insights  from  multiple  data  sources  increase  app  performance  with  a  cloud  backend  protect  systems  from  outside  threats  and  inside  bugs  for  financial  institutions  and  fintech  market  leaders  customize  banking  services  with  a  focus  on  users  integrate  new  options  to  pay  and  securely  send  valuable  assets  get  business  insights  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predict  markets  with  a  datadriven  approach  bring  a  consistent  and  seamless  digital  experience  to  borrowers  reduce  risk  and  keep  up  with  security  regulations  advance,  secure,  and  accelerate  your  business  operations  grow  your  business  with  disruptive  retail  technologies  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data  solutions  for  retail  businesses  implement  smart  connectivity  to  optimize  operations,  unlock  extra  efficiency,  and  gain  a  competitive  edge  bring  your  product  into  the  mobilefirst  world  experiences  that  let  users  fulfill  their  goals  with  your  products  meet  us  at  our  4  offices  in  ukraine  or  at  our  delivery  center  in  berlin  the  fastestgrowing  it  hotspot  and  location  for  onsite
__label__controloptimizationautonomy delivery  home  to  knowledge,  innovation,  and  techsavvy  minds  a  landscape  of  innovation,  heritage,  and  culture  ukraines  largest  it  hub  and  startup  ecosystem  a  prominent  software  product  development  hub  the  secondlargest  hub  of  the  ukrainian  it  industry  a  ukrainian  hub  of  startups  and  entrepreneurial  initiatives  explore  how  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  about  to  make  a  connectivity  revolution  in  the  automotive  industry  september  13,  2018  8  mins  read  internet  of  things  devices  are  transforming  our  lives  in  a  tremendous  way.  today,  users  of  iot  devices  can  evaluate  engine  performance,  control  air  temperature,  and  measure  physical  health  indicators  with  only  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy few  clicks.  picture  this:  by  2020  there  will  be  more  than  in  use.  automotive  companies  and  related  businesses  can  no  longer  afford  to  ignore  the  significance  of  iot  for  automotive  development.  by  2020,  there  will  be  more  than  20  billion  iot  devices  in  operation.  conventional  perceptions  of  the  are  radically  changing  with  iot  development.  predictive  maintenance,  wifi  capabilities  powered  by  3g/4g/5g  functionality,  car2car  connectivity,  and  advanced  fleet  management  are  only  a  few  examples  of  how  iotbased  solutions  are  shaping  the  new  automotive  age.  if  youre  eager  to  find  your  place,  take  a  thorough  look  at  how  the  automotive  industry  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  are  changing  the  business.  complex  iotbased  technologies  deal  with  electronics,  software,  sensors,  actuators,  and  connectivity  devices.  sophisticated  algorithms  and  the  pace  with  which  iot  and  automotive  technologies  develop  might  scare  you  at  first  glance.  but  theres  no  need  to  worry.  being  at  the  forefront  of  the  industrys  rapid  transformations,  know  exactly  what  to  expect  from  the  extensive  use  of  iot  in  the  automotive  industry  and  how  you  can  capitalize  on  it.  the  term  internet  of  things  iot  refers  to  billions  of  physical  devices  connected  to  the  internet.  iot  devices  can  collect,  share,  and  exchange  data  with  other  connected  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  databases.  wireless  technology  lies  at  the  core  of  iotbased  digital  intelligence,  enabling  all  kinds  of  devices  to  communicate  and  operate  without  human  involvement.  in  fact,  almost  any  physical  object  can  be  considered  an  iot  device  as  soon  as  its  connected  to  the  internet.  source:  as  the  cost  of  adding  sensors  and  wireless  connections  to  objects  decreases,  the  number  of  iot  sensors  for  automotive  devices  grows.  at  first,  the  largest  share  of  the  worlds  iot  devices  were  applied  in  manufacturing  to  reduce  human  involvement  and  production  costs.  today,  consumer  use  of  iot  devices  substantially  outpaces  both  crossindustry  and  verticalspecific  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iot  devices  in  business.  the  automobile  industry  is  one  of  the  fastestgrowing  markets  for  iotbased  solutions.  by  2020,  more  than  250  million  cars  are  expected  to  be  connected  which  highlights  theimpacts  of  iot  to  automotive  industry.  the  number  of  installed  connectivity  units  in  vehicles  is  likely  to  increase  ,  and  consumer  spending  on  invehicle  connectivity  is  expected  to  double  by  the  end  of  the  decade.  drivers  around  the  globe  expect  their  vehicles  to  become  smartphones  on  wheels,  and  iot  is  already  proving  car  connectivity  to  be  the  most  promising  futuristic  technology.  the  number  of  installed  connectivity  units  in  vehicles
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  likely  to  increase  by  67  between  2018  and  2020.  predictive  maintenance  technology  is  based  on  the  use  of  iot  connectivity  tools  that  collect  data  on  the  performance  of  different  parts,  transfer  that  data  to  the  cloud  in  real  time,  and  evaluate  the  risks  of  potential  malfunction  of  a  cars  hardware  or  software.  after  information  is  processed,  a  driver  is  notified  and  advised  of  any  necessary  service  or  repair  to  avoid  potential  incidents.  predictive  maintenance  can  facilitate  vehicle  use  by  both  private  owners  and  dealerships  with  large  fleets  of  vehicles.  it  enables  end  users  to  get  the  right  information  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advance.  with  iot  connectivity  tools,  you  can  forget  about  unplanned  stops  or  breakdowns  during  the  ride.  predictive  maintenance  technology  is  closely  linked  with  machine  learning  algorithms.  these  algorithms  are  remarkably  effective  at  monitoring  things  such  as  battery  life.  heres  how  it  works:  the  general  predictive  maintenance  algorithm  goes  as  follows:  the  trend  is  clear:  cars  are  becoming  software  and  datacentric,  and  you  can  hardly  overestimate  the  role  of  overtheair  ota  software  updates  and  data  platforms.  using  data  platforms,  vehicles  can  receive  feature  updates,  software  upgrades,  safety  improvements,  bug  fixes,  and  map  and  traffic  updates.  perhaps  youve  heard  of  the  recently
__label__controloptimizationautonomy released  opensource  ota  connect  by  here  thats  designed  to  integrate  into  an  automakers  backend  servers.  iot  solutions  like  this  are  what  make  the  boldest  connectivity  ideas  reality  and  unite  internet  of  things  and  automotive.  automatic  updates  for  connected  cars  enable  millions  of  drivers  to  get  flexible  map  updates,  3d  mapping,  and  a  bunch  of  extended  driver  assistance  features.  the  rapid  development  of  technology  also  transforms  the  legal  requirements  of  automotive  manufacturers.  worldwide  adoption  of  the  navigation  data  standard  nds  for  iotenabled  automotive  navigation  has  forced  many  original  equipment  manufacturers  oems  and  automotive  vendors  to  reconsider  the  formats  and  standards  they
__label__controloptimizationautonomy use.  to  comply  with  this  standard,  many  manufacturers  and  vendors  have  needed  to  redesign  map  production  pipelines  and  related  software  development  tools  and  also  provide  ota  updates  for  users  to  install  new  maps  remotely.  the  truck  transportation  segment  is  sometimes  unfairly  disregarded  by  industry  analysts  and  automotiverelated  businesses.  yet  you  wouldnt  be  wrong  in  saying  that  the  segment  is  becoming  a  laboratory  for  the  boldest  tech  ideas.  and  challenges,  including  mass  turnover,  are  forcing  oems  and  developers  to  implement  innovations  in  logistics  immediately.  probably  the  best  proof  is  projects,  including  a  class  8  electric  truck  that  goes  500  miles  about
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 800  kilometers  on  a  single  charge.  using  iotbased  tools,  the  vehicle  can  even  call  911  if  a  driver  isnt  responding.  using  iotbased  tools,  the  vehicle  can  even  call  911  if  the  driver  isnt  responding.  large  fleets  generate  a  great  volume  of  data  that  can  be  collected  with  iot  smart  connectivity  devices  and  be  used  for  indepth  analytics  and  visualization  on  application  dashboards.  this  data  can  include  routes,  fuel  consumption,  performance  statistics,  and  traffic  congestion.  with  the  use  of  integrated  cloudbased  platforms  and  advanced  software,  fleet  operators  can  track  vehicle  positions  in  real  time,  provide  remote  car  diagnostics,  and  monitor  vehicle
__label__controloptimizationautonomy routes  and  mileage.  toprank  automotive  technologies,  including  autonomous  driving,  cannot  exist  without  smart  or  machinereadable  infrastructure.  smart  infrastructure  isnt  only  making  driving  smooth  and  safe  but  is  also  revolutionizing  car  design  in  the  most  radical  way.  it  wont  take  long  until  lane  markers,  street  signs,  and  traffic  signals  equipped  with  radio  beacons  are  common  in  the  urban  landscape.  eventually,  with  full  automation  technology,  turn  signals  and  mirrors  will  no  longer  be  needed  on  cars.  iot  connectivity  with  the  smart  infrastructure  will  make  our  cities  look  like  science  fiction  films.  connected  to  a  data  platform,  a  vehicle  can  receive  access  routing,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy geocoding,  and  rendering  services.  a  location  data  platform  collecting  data  from  road  infrastructure  and  cars  is  a  good  example  of  how  iotbased  connections  can  be  integrated  to  facilitate  driving.  once  connected  to  a  data  platform,  vehicles  receive  access  to  a  number  of  services  including  routing,  geocoding,  and  rendering.  receiving  realtime  data  from  smart  infrastructure  devices,  platforms  can  detect  potential  hazards  that  may  arise  from  road  conditions,  weather,  characteristics  of  the  road  surface,  and  anomalies  in  vehicle  behavior.  eventually,  this  analyzed  data  and  recommendations  are  transmitted  to  other  cars  connected  via  iot  devices.  many  iot  features  can  be  supported  by  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  3g,  4g,  or  5g  connections.  but  the  availability  of  wifi  makes  iot  accessible  for  millions  of  drivers.  and  iot  devices  may  themselves  serve  as  wifi  points,  establishing  v2v,  v2d,  and  v2i  connections.  the  latter  can,  in  turn,  be  used  to  connect  to  smart  infrastructure  facilities,  synchronize  shared  data,  and  receive  realtime  data  on  road  conditions.  the  connected  car  is  now  becoming  a  mobile  hotspot  for  passengers  via  m2m  sim  cards.  automobile  manufacturers  are  revealing  infotainment  systems  with  platforms  for  wifi  local  area  networks  wlans  so  passengers  can  wirelessly  connect  to  the  internet  on  their  devices  during  the  trip.  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  good  example  of  this  trend,  enabling  drivers  and  passengers  to  get  parking  and  traffic  information,  access  twitter  and  email,  and  navigate  with  google  earth  and  google  street  view.  the  gamechanging  impacts  of  iot  on  the  automotive  industry  are  extremely  vivid  and  powerful.  iotbased  solutions  lie  at  the  core  of  predictive  maintenance  technology  that  will  help  us  forget  about  unplanned  stops  and  malfunctions  while  driving.  with  iot  devices,  millions  of  drivers  can  connect  to  overtheair  software  and  data  platforms  to  receive  feature  updates,  software  upgrades,  safety  improvements,  bug  fixes,  and  map  and  traffic  updates.  v2v,  v2i,  and  v2x  connectivity  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy about  to  start  a  new  era  in  fleet  management.  finally,  a  wifi  connection  is  now  enough  to  get  connected  to  road  infrastructure,  making  the  drive  smooth  and  safe.  the  iot  reality  is  closer  than  you  might  think.  intellias  knows  how  to  capitalize  on  iot  in  the  automotive  sector.  and  take  advantage  of  opportunities  brought  by  the  intersection  of  internet  of  things  and  automotive  technologies.  your  subscription  is  confirmed.  thank  you  for  being  with  us.  solution  architect  paul  is  a  solution  architect  at  the  cto  office,  which  participates  in  the  development  of  iot  expertise  at  intellias.  he  creates  prototypes  for  smart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devices  with  advanced  connectivity  features.  paul  isspecializingin  robotics,  serverside  programming,  system  integrations,  and  the  huffman  algorithm.  he  represents  intellias  at  international  tech  events  and  is  the  companys  foremost  iot  connectivity  specialist.  paul  ryabchuk  solution  architect  sorry,  we  have  some  problems  processing  your  application.  please  try  again  later.  blog  post  blog  post  blog  post  thank  you  for  your  message.  we  will  get  back  to  you  shortly.  lviv  berlin  20022019  intellias  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.  software  engineering  services  for  oems  and  tier  1  companies  automate  driving  with  immediate  response  to  the  road  situations  integrate  apps,  screens,  and  infotainment  systems  ensure  compliance  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lowlevel  software  with  industry  standards  predict  road  conditions  and  traffic  situations  in  advance  analyze  the  road  situation  instantaneously  navigate  safely  with  realtime  data  get  insights  from  multiple  data  sources  increase  app  performance  with  a  cloud  backend  protect  systems  from  outside  threats  and  inside  bugs  for  financial  institutions  and  fintech  market  leaders  customize  banking  services  with  a  focus  on  users  integrate  new  options  to  pay  and  securely  send  valuable  assets  get  business  insights  and  predict  markets  with  a  datadriven  approach  bring  a  consistent  and  seamless  digital  experience  to  borrowers  reduce  risk  and  keep  up  with  security  regulations  advance,  secure,  and  accelerate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy your  business  operations  grow  your  business  with  disruptive  retail  technologies  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data  solutions  for  retail  businesses  implement  smart  connectivity  to  optimize  operations,  unlock  extra  efficiency,  and  gain  a  competitive  edge  bring  your  product  into  the  mobilefirst  world  experiences  that  let  users  fulfill  their  goals  with  your  products  meet  us  at  our  4  offices  in  ukraine  or  at  our  delivery  center  in  berlin  the  fastestgrowing  it  hotspot  and  location  for  onsite  delivery  home  to  knowledge,  innovation,  and  techsavvy  minds  a  landscape  of  innovation,  heritage,  and  culture  ukraines  largest  it  hub  and  startup  ecosystem  a  prominent  software  product  development
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hub  the  secondlargest  hub  of  the  ukrainian  it  industry  a  ukrainian  hub  of  startups  and  entrepreneurial  initiatives  x  20022019  intellias  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.  x  we  use  cookies  to  bring  best  personalized  experience  for  you.  by  clicking  accept  below,  you  agree  to  our  use  of  cookies  as  described  in  the  thank  you  for  your  message.  we  will  get  back  to  you  shortly.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  preprint?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  preprint  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gps  uses  satellites  to  track  the  position  of  any  object  with  a  gps  tracking  chip,  including  vehicles,  people,  and  pets.  it  works  regardless  of  weather  conditions  and  provides  realtime  positional  data.  at  least  three  satellites  positioned  to  be  in  the  sky  over  any  area  at  any  given  time  are  used  to  triangulate  the  position  of  a  tracking  chip.  the  satellites  use  microwaves  to  collect  information  in  three  dimensions  and  calculate  position  from  their  intersecting  spheres.  these  satellites  update  data  regularly  to  allow  the  tracking  of  objects  in  motion.  is  a  network  of  u.s.  satellites  that  provide  global  positioning  system  gps
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services.  they  are  used  for  navigation  by  both  the  military  and  civilians.  it  was  founded  by  the  united  states  department  of  defense  in  1973  to  track  objects  on  earth  in  real  time.  it  uses  24  active  satellites  known  as  the  global  navigation  satellite  system,  and  three  backup  satellites  in  case  an  active  satellite  fails,  all  on  a  12hour  orbit  of  earth.  while  gps  is  mainly  funded  and  managed  by  the  us  department  of  defense,  nonmilitary  users  are  allowed  to  use  its  standard  positioning  system  without  fees  or  restrictions.  gps  is  invaluable  to  an  iot  system  since  it  quantifies  and  records
__label__controloptimizationautonomy location,  speed,  time,  and  direction.  closer  to  home,  the  with  the  operational  name  of  is  an  autonomous  regional  satellite  navigation  system,  that  provides  accurate  realtime  positioning  and  timing  services.the  is  an  implementation  of  a  regional  satellitebased  augmentation  system  sbas  by  the  indian  government.  it  is  a  system  to  improve  the  accuracy  of  a  gnss  receiver  by  providing  reference  signals.  sbas  can  be  viewed  as  the  first  step  towards  introduction  of  modern  communication,  navigation,  surveillance/air  traffic  management  system  over  indian  airspace.  stands  for  global  navigation  satellite  system,  and  is  the  standard  generic  term  for  satellite  navigation  systems  that  provide  autonomous  geospatial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy positioning  with  global  coverage.  this  includes  gps,  glonass,  galileo,  beidou  and  other  regional  systems.  the  advantage  of  having  access  to  multiple  satellites  is  accuracy,  redundancy  and  24x7  availability.  though  satellite  systems  dont  often  fail,  gnss  receivers  can  pick  up  signals  from  other  systems  in  such  an  event.  access  to  multiple  satellites  is  also  beneficial  if  line  of  sight  is  obstructed.  as  one  of  the  first  methods  to  track  and  catalogue  digital  data  of  the  physical  world,  gps  has  had  an  essential  influence  on  internet  of  things  iot  technologies.  iot  can  collect  and  quantify  large  amounts  of  data  for  everything  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy personal  health  to  public  vehicles;  gps  tracking  is  needed  to  provide  location  information  for  these  objects.  gps  and  iot  complement  each  other  to  form  a  more  complete,  usable  set  of  interconnected  data.  iot  monitors  objects  and  hardware  to  give  realtime  information  and  data  about  a  devices  operations,  while  gps  provides  the  physical  coordinates  of  the  hardware  or  object.  with  these  systems  working  in  tandem,  they  form  the  foundation  of  asset  tracking  systems,  smarter  cities,  innovative  products  such  as  selfdriving  cars  and  healthrelated  wearable  technologies,  and  a  vast,  interconnected  ecosystem  that  allows  for  smart  devices  to  interact  with  sophisticated  locating  capabilities
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  achieve  goals  previously  thought  impossible.  according  to  a  report  published  by  deloitte  and  nasscom,  the  internet  of  things  iot  market  is  expected  to  reach  9  billion  by  2020.  by  the  end  of  2020  more  than  1.9  billion  devices  are  expected  to  be  connected  in  india  which  will  result  in  31x  growth.  at  the  outset,  iot  in  logistics  offers  the  following  benefits:  on  looking  around  we  can  find  many  other  benefits  that  address  present  challenges.  most  of  these  logistics  needs  can  be  addressed  through  iot  applications  across  industries.  furthermore,iot  in  logistics  can  influence  manufacturing  companies  adopting  smart  factory  models  where
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machines  with  sensors  can  plug  into  iot  networks  for  data  exchange  thus  allowing  us  better  control  over  kpis.  etrans  solutions  is  already  working  on  a  number  of  such  solutions  that  we  will  share  more  information  on  our  website  and  blog  soon.  fd  404,  sectoriii,  salt  lake,  kolkata,  pincode  700106,  india  phone  email  etrans  solutions  has  its  head  quarter  at  kolkata,  regional  offices  at  delhi  faridabad  and  site  offices  service  engineers  all  over  india.  the  economy  of  any  country  depends  on  the  effectiveness  of  its  logistics  infrastructure.  ontime  deliveries  are  linked  to  significant  efficiencies  ...  how  does  gps  work?gps  uses  satellites
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  big  world  of  iot,  location  tracking  becomes  the  next  frontier  location  tracking  for  humans  is  already  becoming  an  integral  part  of  our  lives,  especially  for  navigation.  traditional  technologies  are  not  only  expensive  but  they  have  their  technical  boundaries  which  prevent  successful  scaling.  for  the  iot  geolocation  to  become  a  reality,  you  must  be  accurate  extremely  and  significantly  low  cost.  geolocation  services  have  been  around  for  a  long  time  and  used  to  provide  the  realworld  location  of  objects  like  speed  radars,  mobile  phones,  and  internetconnected  computers.  in  old  times,  services  were  widely  based  on  supporting  gps  geographic  positioning  system
__label__controloptimizationautonomy which  lacks  indoor  coverage  and  power  efficiency  which  has  given  rise  to  many  location  technologies  that  use  rfid,  uwb  ultrawide  band,  bluetooth  and  lora  to  provide  indoor  gpsfree  geolocation.  the  rise  of  iot  is  increasing  dramatically  with  the  growing  demands  for  geolocation  services.  it  is  proliferating  at  an  exponential  rate  by  the  the  complex  applications  can  obtain  accurate  info  about  the  location  of  people  and  their  devices  in  this  landscape  to  adapt  the  app  logic  into  dynamic  environments.  a  geolocation  service  is  a  virtual  sensor  that  provides  the  position  of  physical  objects  from  an  iot  viewpoint  as  the  operation  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  virtual  sensor  is  based  on  data  derived  by  multiple  physical  sensors  such  as  radio  receivers,  barometers,  and  accelerometers  that  are  coupled  with  signals  and  data  processing  algorithms.  in  the  variant  sectors  of  the  economy,  all  the  operations  need  to  deploy  generalpurpose  iot  platforms  to  build  socalled  smart  factories,  smart  airports,  smart  utilities,  smart  hospitals  and  much  more  on  the  basis  of  few  critical  needs:  integrating  the  geolocation  as  a  core  service  of  iot  infrastructure  provides  multiple  benefits  which  include:  integration  of  geolocation  within  iot  platforms  opens  up  new  horizons  in  the  development  of  iotbased  geolocation  use  cases.  the  innovation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  geolocation  is  gradually  moving  from  the  deployment  of  to  the  provision  of  integrated  location  services  which  exploit  analytics  and  data  mining  to  drive  location  awareness  among  business  processes.  enterprises  will  be  offering  new  ways  to  leverage  location  information  in  their  workflow  processes  as  the  innovators  have  a  rising  opportunity  to  develop  the  next  gen  locationaware  services  by  offering  several  benefits  before  their  competitors.  one  should  also  look  at  some  negative  side  or  challenges  when  integrating  geolocation  services  within  iot  platforms.  there  aint  any  one  size  for  all  location  technology  or  method  that  will  fit  all  use  cases.  hence,  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applicability  of  each  geolocation  methods  will  depend  on  multidimensional  requirements  of  the  use  cases  like  autonomy,  precision,  object  number,  scope,  and  size  a  physical  environment.  few  emerging  geolocations  will  create  awareness  among  iot  infrastructures  by  supporting  these  multiple  methods  meet  such  varying  use  case  requirements.  currently,  the  iot  infrastructures  are  getting  deployed  in  largescale  sites  by  interconnecting  these  objects  they  are  offering  to  run  on  battery  power.  geolocation  aware  infrastructures  are  coping  with  scalability  and  low  power  requirements  at  the  same  time.  these  challenges  will  help  to  boost  the  market  penetration  of  iotbased  geolocation  services  as  the  future  of  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  you  ever  gotten  into  a  car  accident?  if  so,  did  you  replay  what  happened  in  your  head  afterwards,  wondering  how  you  could  have  avoided  the  accident?  in  many  instances,  theres  little  to  nothing  that  you  personally  could  have  done  to  avoid  the  collision.  however,  when  it  comes  to  weatherrelated  incidents,  as  a  result  of  recent  technological  advancements  in  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning,  predictive  analytics  and  internet  of  things  sensor  devices,  its  now  possible  to  drastically  mitigate  or  entirely  avoid  the  risks  associated  with  traveling  in  adverse  conditions.  here  is  a  brief  summary  on  each  of  these  technologies:  is  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy theory  and  development  of  computer  systems  able  toperform  tasks  that  normally  require  human  intelligenceand  intervention,such  as  visual  perception,  speech  recognition,  decisionmaking,  and  problem  solving.  uses  statistical  techniques  to  givecomputer  systemsthe  ability  to  learn  e.g.,  progressively  improve  performance  on  a  specific  task  withdata,  without  being  explicitly  programmed.  encompasses  a  variety  of  statistical  techniques  frompredictive  modelling,machine  learning,  anddata  miningthat  analyze  current  and  historical  facts/trends  to  make  predictions  about  future  or  otherwise  unknown  events.  isthe  interconnection  via  the  internet  of  computing  devices  embedded  in  everyday  objects,  enabling  them  to  send  and  receive  data.  the  iotcreates  opportunities  for  direct  integrationof  the  physical  world  into
__label__controloptimizationautonomy computerbased  systems,resulting  in  improved  efficiency,  accuracy  and  economic  benefit.  weather  has  a  material  impact  on:  each  year,  extreme  weather  patterns  and  hazardous  road  conditions  negatively  impact  fleet  logistics,  maintenance,  productivity  and,  most  importantly,  safety.  in  2017  alone,  the  u.s.  experienced  a  historic  16  separate  weather  and  climate  disasters  the  highest  number  of  events  during  a  calendar  year  since  2011,  according  to  the  national  centers  for  environmental  information.  simultaneously,  the  trucking  industry  is  catching  up  to  its  obsolescence  and  is  embracing  growing  demands  from  customers  through  iot  enabled  technologies,  coupled  with  ai,  machine  learning  predictive  analytics  to  solve  these  issues.  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  where  weather  telematics  inc.  comes  in,  to  harmonize  these  two  important,  but  previously  uncorrelated  industry  segments.  source:  weather  telematics  ,  a  global  softwareasaservice  provider  that  leverages  locationbased  technology  forgps  tracking  solutions,  recently  announced  director  weather,  a  new  api  integration  powered  by  .  accessible  within  the  teletrac  navman  director  fleet  management  platform,  this  tool  delivers  realtime  weatherbased  road  conditions  and  predictive  weather  intelligence  up  to  6hours  in  advance,  including  water,  snow  and  ice,  as  well  as  inclement  weather  leading  to  visibility,  hail,  wind,  lightning  and  hydroplaning  risks.  dispatchers  are  advised  of  delays  and  safety  risks  to  determine  if  a  drivers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy route  needs  to  be  adjusted  or  cancelled  altogether.  source:  weather  telematics  inc.  source:  weather  telematics  inc.  what  differentiates  weather  telematics  software  from  other  weather  applications  is  that  clients  are  able  to  convert  weather  information  and  see  them  presented  as  road  conditions  visually  on  their  map.  for  more  information  on  teletrac  navman  director  weather  features,  visit  the  .  the  manufacturing  space  has  for  a  long  time  relied  on  the  same  supply  chain  processes  source  raw  materials,  process  and  assemble  them,  and  ship  the  finished  goods  to  a  customer.  the  advent  of  new  technologies  is  now  allowing  manufacturers  to  push  engagement  beyond
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  point  of  sale  and  throughout  the  entire  useful  life  of  the  product.  adoption  of  nextgen  analytics,  intelligent  maintenance  and  insightdriven  decision  making  is  no  longer  a  question  of  if,  but  when.  data  science  and  machine  learning  are  the  key  technologies  when  it  comes  to  the  processes  and  products  with  automatic  learning  and  optimization  to  be  used  in  the  automotive  industry  of  the  future.  these  technologies  will  make  the  automotive  industry  more  efficient  and  enhance  its  customer  focus  throughout  all  its  operations  and  activities,  extending  from  the  product  and  its  development  process  to  the  customers  and  their  connection  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy product.  stands  to  benefit  through  its  acquisition  of  weather  telematics  inc.,  with  the  auto  industry  heading  towards  autonomous,  connected,  electric  and  shared  vehicles  aces.  there  is  growing  emphasis  with  technology  as  a  catalyst  for  automobile  safety.  weather  telematics  technology  keeps  passengers  safer  on  the  roads,  reduces  the  risks  of  traffic  accidents,  and  optimize  navigational  risks.  weather  telematics  expects  its  solutions  to  be  integrated  into  car  models  from  global  automakers  in  addition  to  being  integrated  into  the  trucking,  transportation  and  logistics  industries.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy xplore  depending  on  how  many  of  the  30  billion  devices  forecast  for  global  deployment  by  2020  rely  on  the  cloud,  managing  the  deluge  of  iotgenerated  data  makes  proper  processing  seem  near  impossible.  traditional  cloud  computing  has  serious  disadvantages,  including  ,  performance  issues,  and  growing  operational  costs.  because  most  data  saved  in  the  cloud  has  little  significance  and  is  rarely  used,  it  becomes  a  waste  of  resources  and  storage  space.  in  many  instances,  it  would  be  incredibly  beneficial  to  handle  data  on  the  device  where  its  generated.  thats  where  comes  in.  edge  computing  helps  decentralize  data  processing  and  lower  dependence  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  cloud.  edge  computing  has  several  advantages,  such  as:  prime  use  cases,  which  take  full  advantage  of  edge  technology,  include:  the  decision  to  stop  for  a  pedestrian  crossing  in  front  of  an  must  be  made  immediately.  relying  on  a  remote  server  to  handle  this  decision  is  not  reasonable.  additionally,  vehicles  that  utilize  edge  technology  can  interact  more  efficiently  because  they  can  communicate  with  each  other  first  as  opposed  to  sending  data  on  accidents,  weather  conditions,  traffic,  or  detours  to  a  remote  server  first.  edge  computing  can  help.  health  monitors  and  other  can  keep  an  eye  on  chronic  conditions  for  patients.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  can  save  lives  by  instantly  alerting  caregivers  when  help  is  required.  additionally,  robots  assisting  in  surgery  must  be  able  to  quickly  analyze  data  in  order  to  assist  safely,  quickly,  and  accurately.  if  these  devices  rely  on  transmitting  data  to  the  cloud  before  making  decisions,  the  results  could  be  fatal.  because  its  necessary  to  respond  to  threats  ,  security  surveillance  systems  can  also  benefit  from  edge  computing  technology.  security  systems  can  identify  potential  threats  and  alert  users  to  unusual  activity  in  realtime.  targeted  ads  and  information  for  retail  organizations  are  based  on  key  parameters,  such  as  demographic  information,  set  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy field  devices.  in  this  use  case,  edge  computing  can  help  it  can  encrypt  the  data  and  keep  the  source  rather  than  sending  unprotected  information  to  the  cloud.  smart  speakers  can  gain  the  ability  to  interpret  voice  instructions  locally  in  order  to  run  basic  commands.  turning  lights  on  or  off,  or  adjusting  thermostat  settings,  even  if  internet  connectivity  fails  would  be  possible.  poor  video  quality,  voice  delays,  frozen  screens  a  slow  link  to  the  cloud  can  cause  many  video  conferencing  frustrations.  by  placing  the  serverside  of  video  conferencing  software  closer  to  participants,  quality  problems  can  be  reduced.  although  edge  computing  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  sensible  alternative  to  cloud  computing  in  many  instances,  theres  always  room  for  improvement.  according  to  ,  a  paper  published  by  ieee  network,  existing  iot  security  protocols  need  improvement.  a  possible  solution  to  better  secure  iotgenerated  data  is  an  iot  management  element  called  the  security  agent.  this  new  piece  would  use  routers  and  other  nearedge  boxes  to  manage  the  computing  the  iot  device  could  not  take  on.  in  addition  to  being  more  secure,  itll  simplify  the  management  of  keys.  the  security  agent  box  has  the  capability  of  running  copious  sensors  that  are  difficult  to  access.  the  researchers  state  that  if
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  needed  authentification  is  not  completed  quickly,  iot  applications  will  fail.  designed  for  organizations  investing  heavily  in  this  critical  technology,  is  a  fivecourse  program  designed  to  train  your  entire  team  to  support  edge  computing.  the  online,  ondemand  courses  included  in  this  program  are:  to  learn  more  about  getting  access  to  these  courses  for  your  organization,  .  aleksandrova,  mary.  1  feb  2019.  .  eastern  peak.  nelson,  patrick.  10  jan  2019.  .  network  world.  caulfield,  matt.  23  oct  2018.  .  medium.  talluri,  raj.  24  oct  2017.  .  network  world.  related  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  copyright  ieee
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brought  to  you  by  the  automotive  industry  has  been  around  for  quite  some  time  and  it  has  evolved  ever  since,  but  the  major  transformation  that  is  happening  now  from  vehicles  driven  by  humans  to  vehicles  driven  by  themselves  will  have  a  long  term  impact  on  society.  todays  cars  are  already  connected  and  have  been  connected  for  some  time,  since  they  can  link  to  smartphones,  offer  emergency  roadside  assistance,  register  realtime  traffic  alerts  etc.,  but  this  evolution  is  about  to  change.  the  automobile  industry  is  on  the  brink  of  a  revolution,  to  move  to  selfdriving  automobile  industry,  and  the  driving  force
__label__controloptimizationautonomy behind  this  is  the  fast  developing  technology,  the  internet  of  things  iot.  iot  will  transform  the  automobile  industry  and  at  the  same  time,  the  automobile  industry  will  provide  a  big  boost  to  iot.  the  potential  and  the  prospects  of  this  technology  is  astonishing.  this  paper  examines  the  market  and  technical  trends  towards  autonomous  vehicles,  evolution  stages  from  early  cars  to  fully  autonomous,  the  importance  of  iot  in  driving  this  industry  ecosystem,  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  autonomous  vehincles,  key  issues  and  challenges  faced  by  the  industry,  standards  activities  around  this  industry  and  finally  the  deployment  use  cases.  the  focus  of  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy paper  is  more  based  on  an  industrial  push  to  identify  issues  and  challenges  of  autonomous  vehicles  and  less  on  any  academic  research  activity.  the  intention  of  this  paper  is  to  bring  these  issues  and  challenges  to  the  attention  of  ifac  technical  committee  and  trigger  some  debate  on  the  opportunities  for  ifac  research  in  international  stability.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy great  promise,  great  peril  iot  self  iot  addons  iot  walkins  iot  nearby  what  iot  does  inside  the  ai  selfdriving  car  dr.  lance  eliot,  ceo,  techbrium  inc.  and  is  a  regular  contributor  as  our  ai  trends  insider,  and  serves  as  the  executive  director  of  the  cybernetic  ai  selfdriving  car  institute  and  has  published  11  books  on  the  future  of  driverless  cars.  follow  lance  on  twitter  dr.  eliot  can  be  reached  at  innovation  portals  cii  divisions  corporate  information
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  age  of  the  internet  and  autonomy  is  upon  us;  iot  technology  is  transforming  the  world  with  creative  innovations  in  every  imaginable  aspect  of  our  lives.  as  we  see  rapid  automation  with  devices  and  tools  of  all  kinds,  improved  connectivity  of  the  iot  brings  us  one  step  closer  to  a  fully  autonomous,  selfoperating  world  of  machines.  we  already  see  developments  in  many  industries  to  realize  this  farfetched  dream.  among  these  industries,  vehicle  manufacturers  are  taking  the  lead  on  iot  technology  with  connected  vehicles  and  infotainment  systems.  a  selfdriving  smart  electric  car  may  sound  like  a  phrase  from  a  distant  future,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but  with  the  assistance  of  iot  technology,  it  is  already  here  with  luxury  car  brands  like  mercedes  manufacturing  prototypes.  the  revolutionary  iot  movement  that  powers  the  vehicles  of  the  future  is  set  to  transform  the  driving  experience  as  well  as  the  operational  capabilities  of  businesses  with  a  vehicle  fleet.  modernday  vehicles  are  already  loaded  with  hightech  features,  but  the  addition  of  internet  connectivity  have  brought  vehicles;  touchscreens,  sophisticated  navigational  systems  and  an  array  of  iotenabled  sensors  that  can  be  controlled  remotely.  having  all  these  cuttingedge  technologies  implemented  in  a  vehicle  has  obvious  benefits.  from  collision  detection  and  prevention  to  remote
__label__controloptimizationautonomy immobilization  and  smart  inventory  management,  vehicle  iot  systems  improve  the  safety  of  the  drivers  and  grant  access  to  a  plethora  of  features  that  allows  vehicles  to  communicate  with  each  other  and  exchange  data.  automated  vehicle  technology  will  play  a  key  role  in  the  future  of  a  smart  world,  and  it  is  already  considered  a  groundbreaking  development  by  many  experts.  so  what  exactly  are  the  benefits  of  smart  vehicle  technology  for  drivers  and  business  owners?  what  kind  of  an  impact  are  the  connected  vehicles  going  to  have  in  our  daily  lives?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  these  potential  improvements
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  direct  benefits  offered  by  the  vehicles  systems  enhanced  by  the  iot  technology.  tesla  vehicles  boast  a  software  technology  that  allows  the  car  to  fully  drive  or  park  itself  without  the  help  of  its  driver.  it  is  a  great  example  of  how  iot  technology  can  completely  change  the  way  we  live  with  simple  yet  effective  technological  solutions.  when  the  selfdriving  car  technology  is  fully  developed,  the  human  error  will  be  removed  from  the  equation  reducing  the  number  of  accidents  caused  by  drunk  or  careless  drivers.  imagine  the  benefits  of  this  technology  for  disabled  individuals  who  need  to  rely  on  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy family  member  or  a  caretaker  to  drive  them  around.  instead  of  waiting  for  someone  to  take  them  out  for  shopping  or  to  visit  a  friend,  a  disabled  person  can  summon  their  car  to  their  location  and  command  the  vehicle  to  drive  to  a  location  of  their  choosing.  when  a  car  is  able  to  exchange  information  with  other  vehicles  around  it  and  communicate  with  a  central  infrastructure  that  broadcasts  live  traffic  info,  drivers  and  the  vehicle  itself  will  be  able  to  receive  crucial  information  to  prevent  a  potential  accident  that  is  likely  to  happen  on  a  dangerous  road  or  due  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy weather  conditions.  connected  vehicle  technology  also  allows  vehicles  to  detect  each  others  location  via  sensors  and  predict  collisions  as  well  as  risks  on  the  road.  authorities  expect  the  number  of  accidents  to  reduce  by  a  staggering  90  once  the  selfdriving  technology  is  implemented  across  the  globe.  information  technology  holds  the  key  for  an  autonomous  driving  technology  for  transportation  and  logistics  businesses.  iot  takes  collecting  and  analyzing  information  to  a  whole  new  level  with  its  superior  connectivity  over  the  internet.  devices  fueled  by  the  iot  technology  provide  comprehensive  telematics  data  about  the  condition  and  performance  of  each  vehicle  as  well  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  drivers  behavior  behind  the  wheel.  telematics  is  a  subset  of  iot,  and  it  collects  information  about  a  vehicle,  such  as  its  realtime  location  and  speed,  how  long  has  it  been  on  the  road,  how  hard  it  has  braked,  idling  duration,  fuel  consumption  and  the  condition  of  its  drivetrain,  to  name  just  a  few  metrics.  all  of  the  necessary  information  is  gathered  from  a  car  and  then  relayed  over  wireless  to  the  vehicles  owner  or  an  automated  smart  processor.  supported  with  the  data,  fleet  managers  gain  valuable  insight  into  all  aspects  of  their  operation  and  streamline  their  planning  to  maximize
__label__controloptimizationautonomy efficiency.  by  knowing  exactly  where  their  vehicles  are  at  all  times,  field  operators  can  direct  nearby  vehicles  to  a  customer  in  need  or  steer  their  drivers  to  a  shorter  path  to  their  destination  by  avoiding  highdensity  traffic  or  road  construction.  vehicle  to  vehicle  connectivity  as  well  as  the  ability  to  access  vehicle  data  ondemand  over  the  internet  is  a  major  technological  breakthrough.  soon;  we  will  have  vehicles  that  are  selfcorrecting  their  routes,  checking  their  fuel  status  to  warn  their  drivers  to  refuel,  autobreaking  to  prevent  collisions  and  keeping  themselves  in  their  lane  without  any  interference.  all  these  autonomous  features  require
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vast  amounts  of  data  and  information  exchange  between  vehicles  and  that  is  where  iot  technology  comes  in.  with  a  massive  network  of  connected  devices  and  tools,  will  be  the  main  source  of  information  for  all  vehicles  manufacturers  to  create  fully  capable  selfdriving  autonomous  vehicles.  about  the  author:  ekim  saribardak  is  a  computer  programmer  with  two  decades  experience  and  a  certified  drone  operator  who  likes  to  blog  about  technology.  he  has  been  a  technology  geek  since  1990  starting  from  the  moment  he  first  had  his  hands  on  a  computer.  hes  currently  the  web  development  director  at  rewire  security.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  zzzatitlezzzend  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicle  testing  permit  brings  company  closer  to  full  vehicle  autonomy  on  the  roads  we  spoke  with  christopher  bonanti,  who  served  as  a  senior  executive  at  the  national  highway  traffic  safety  administration  and  in  leadership  roles  at  s  the  latest  figures  provided  by  the  global  research  firm  trendforce  reportedly  show  that  car  sales  in  the  us  for  2019  are  projected  to  slide  by  3  perce  bestmile  announced  it  has  raised  16.5  million  in  a  series  b  round  and  has  strengthened  its  leadership  to  accelerate  its  growth.  yokohama,  japan  research  center  will  focus  on  new  business  development  for  iot,  ai,  robotics,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy there  will  be  41.6  billion  internet  of  things  iotconnected  devices  around  the  world  by  2025.  consumers  and  businesses  have  increasingly  employed  the  technology  in  a  variety  of  use  cases  as  it  becomes  more  sophisticated,  from  smart  cars  to  sensors  that  can  be  utilized  for  smart  cities.  the  rise  of  5g  networks  will  also  enable  these  devices  to  communicate  more  data  across  longer  ranges,  which  is  one  of  the  reasons  why  investment  in  iot  is  picking  up.  concerns  over  security  breaches  and  data  privacy  remain  high,  however,  so  providers  will  need  to  be  sure  users  are  properly  protected  from  all  manners
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  fraud  as  this  ecosystem  grows.  in  the  latest  ,  pymnts  looks  at  how  iot  is  advancing  and  the  ways  in  which  providers  are  working  to  protect  these  devices  as  more  devices  make  their  way  into  the  mainstream.  iot  devices  still  have  a  number  of  security  weaknesses  that  providers  must  address  as  the  technology  becomes  a  larger  part  of  consumers  daily  lives.  there  were  760  million  fraud  events  for  iot  devices  using  a  single  protocol  this  year,  according  to  one  recent  study.  fraud  in  iot  was  also  found  to  be  12  times  higher  this  year  than  it  was  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy same  period  in  2018,  and  fraudsters  are  unlikely  to  slow  their  momentum  in  the  space  over  the  remainder  of  the  year.  even  as  fraud  concerns  rise,  many  iot  devices  are  still  transmitting  consumer  data  without  the  explicit  permission  or  knowledge  of  those  consumers,  a  separate  study  found.  smart  doorbells,  speakers  and  other  iot  home  products  often  send  information  back  to  the  vendor  as  well  as  to  thirdparty  companies,  which  may  provide  an  opening  to  fraudsters  that  want  illegitimate  access  to  data  themselves.  but  rising  fraud  levels  arent  dampening  innovation  in  this  area,  especially  when  it  comes  to  innovating  iot  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  smart  car.  companies  like  consumer  electronics  firm  have  recently  raised  new  funding  to  develop  iotenabled  smart  accessories  for  vehicles.  the  company  has  raised  2  million  to  build  out  these  products,  including  dashboard  cameras  that  allow  for  safer  social  media  connectivity  while  driving.  to  learn  more  about  this  and  other  iot  news,  visit  the  trackers  news  and  trends.  other  providers  are  taking  a  different  approach  when  it  comes  to  the  smart  car,  looking  to  appeal  to  millennials  and  other  consumers  that  may  have  a  new  perspective  on  car  ownership  and  usage.  safety  and  environmental  concerns  over  vehicles  have  led  many
__label__controloptimizationautonomy millennial  and  gen  z  customers  to  rely  more  on  public  transportation  or  rideshares,  which  means  that  the  individual  selfdriving  car  may  not  be  as  desirable  as  some  manufacturers  are  expecting.  bringing  selfdriving  cars  to  the  world  of  public  transportation  is  a  different  story,  however,  according  to  joe  moye,  ceo  of  autonomous  mobility  company  .  to  learn  more  about  how  beep  is  approaching  the  smart  car  for  public  transportation  through  its  florida  pilot  program,  visit  the  trackers  feature  story.  the  showcases  companies  that  are  leading  the  way  in  all  aspects  of  iot.  our  data  and  analytics  team  has  developed  a  number
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  creative  methodologies  and  frameworks  that  measure  and  benchmark  the  innovation  thats  reshaping  the  payments  and  commerce  ecosystem.  in  the  ,  pymnts  talks  with  dan  wheeler,  svp,  on  how  the  qsr  balances  security  and  seamlessness  to  secure  its  recently  launched  wahlclub  loyalty  program.  get  our  hottest  stories  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  the  pymnts.com  newsletter  to  get  updates  on  top  stories  and  viral  hits.  2019  whats  next  media  and  analytics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hightech  companies  are  influencing  the  automotive  industry  more  and  more  thanks  to  major  trends  like  the  internet  of  things  iot.  thats  because  a  prerequisite  to  autonomous  cars  and  automotive  electrification  is  connecting  cars  to  the  iot.  when  a  car  drives  on  its  own  it  makes  sense  that  it  will  communicate  with  other  connected  devices.  if  a  smart  traffic  light  knows  it  will  change  red,  then  having  it  notify  all  autonomous  cars  in  the  area  is  a  good  idea.  this  could  also  get  outside  information  into  the  car  for  safety  or  convenience,  such  as  knowing  traffic  conditions  in  advance,  says  burkhard
__label__controloptimizationautonomy goeschel,  automotive  industry  thought  leader  and  head  of  the  fia  commission  for  alternative  powertrain  technologies.  in  this  video,  goeschel  explains  different  ways  the  iot  will  change  the  future  of  car  design:  automotive  cars  communicating  about  traffic  conditions  isnt  the  only  way  this  technology  will  overlap  with  the  iot.  goeschel  argues  that  the  iot  is  one  of  the  major  reasons  autonomous  vehicles  are  a  trend  in  the  first  place.  the  hightech  companies  business  case  depends  on  the  driver  having  a  lot  more  time  to  be  connected,  says  goeschel.  so,  a  prerequisite  to  making  the  business  case  work  is  the  realization  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  driving.  this  is  a  positive  feedback  loop.  when  autonomous  cars  become  a  reality,  people  can  play  with  hightech  devices  more  often.  additionally,  autonomous  cars  will  need  more  hightech  devices  to  be  on  the  iot  in  the  first  place.  the  automotive  industrys  electrification  trend  is  also  in  a  feedback  loop  with  the  iot  and  not  just  because  most  autonomous  vehicles  are  expected  to  be  electric.  the  more  car  components  become  electrical  the  more  these  components  can  diagnose  or  monitor  themselves.  the  more  these  devices  monitor  themselves  the  more  likely  that  data  will  be  sent  to  a  head  office  for  study.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  communication  will  be  done  through  the  iot.  with  this  data,  car  manufacturers  can  create  a  digital  twin  of  the  car.  this  twin  can  help  companies  track  their  cars  performance  on  the  road  by  assessing  how  the  car  is  reacting  to  its  environment.  this  analysis  enables  companies  to  proactively  determine  maintenance  cycles  and  design  fixes  based  on  the  actual  condition  of  an  individual  vehicle.  in  this  video,  goeschel  explains  how  the  iot  can  help  engineers  create  a  digital  twin  of  a  car  and  how  that  will  change  the  way  the  industry  designs  vehicles:  the  more  information  companies  have  on  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cars  performance,  the  more  they  can  process  that  data  through  a  physicsbased  digital  twin.  the  more  they  can  process  through  the  digital  twin,  the  better  they  can  optimize  their  future  designs.  this  encourages  companies  to  implement  new  iot  and  electrification  initiatives.  as  a  result,  the  iot  is  in  another  positive  feedback  loop  with  automotive  manufacturers,  this  time  revolving  around  electrification.  the  future  of  car  design  is  influenced  by  more  than  just  the  iot.  to  learn  how  motor  sports  and  emission  control  are  driving  the  future  of  the  consumer  car  markets,  read  another  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy audi  recently  conducted  a  study  about  driverless  cars  featuring  21,000  respondents  across  nine  countries,  namely  the  united  states  us,  the  united  kingdom  uk,  germany,  france,  italy,  spain,  south  korea,  japan,  and  china.  the  study,  which  was  conducted  through  the  audi  urban  future  initiative,  explored  three  categories:  the  emotional  landscape,  the  human  readiness  index  hri  and  numerous  user  typology  templates.  of  these  three  points,  hri  is  the  most  important.  the  hri  covers  age  groups,  gender,  living  environment,  income,  education  and  the  distance  a  respondent  drives  daily.  mostly,  younger  generations  consider  the  idea  of  autonomous  driving  to  be  advantageous.  during  the  survey,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy respondents  under  the  age  of  24  generation  z  showed  high  readiness  for  selfdriving  technology  73  per  cent  said  they  were  curious  about  the  technology.  in  addition,  millennials  see  selfdriving  positively  but  they  are  far  less  ready  as  generation  z.  on  the  contrary,  the  baby  boomers  are  least  ready  for  the  technology.  in  total,  around  half  of  the  respondents  still  see  autonomous  vehicles  with  optimism,  however  at  49  per  cent.  globally,  82  per  cent  of  the  respondents  showed  interest  in  selfdriving  technology,  but  each  country  varied.  the  chinese  and  the  south  koreans  are  very  much  excited  and  interested  with  98  per
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cent  and  94  per  cent,  whereas  japan  and  the  us  are  far  from  as  enthusiastic.  however,  only  74  per  cent  and  72  per  cent  of  the  japanese  and  us  respondents  said  that  they  were  interested  in  the  technology.  overall,  the  asian  region  apart  from  japan  sees  selfdriving  cars  as  a  wonder,  whereas  the  western  nations  are  far  more  sceptical.  a  very  least  number  is  indifferent.  a  vast  majority  70  per  cent  are  concerned  with  giving  up  control.  sixtyfive  per  cent  of  the  respondents  see  selfdriving  cars  assessing  situations  independently  from  a  human  as  a  potential  issue.  furthermore,  other  reasons  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  lack  of  enthusiasm  over  selfdriving  technology  are  lack  of  a  legal  framework,  data  security,  and  lack  of  driving  fun.  interestingly,  61  per  cent  of  the  respondents  who  have  seen  coverage  of  crashes  involving  selfdriving  cars  said  it  did  not  change  their  attitude  for  better  or  for  worse.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  ,  iot  news  is  a  practical  resource  providing  news,  analysis  and  opinion  on  the  burgeoning  internet  of  things  ecosystem,  from  standardisation,  to  business  use  cases,  and  development  opportunities.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  take  the  best  research  and  put  our  own  spin  on  it,  report  from  the  frontline  of  the  industry,  as  well  as  feature  contributions  from  companies  at  the  heart  of  this  revolution.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.  please  follow  this  link  for  our  .  copyright  2019  iot  tech  news.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  vehicles  will  soon  be  on  more  streets,  meaning  more  interactions  with  humans.  what  can  we  glean  from  other  sectors  to  make  this  rollout  safer?  the  iot  is  moving  at  the  speed  of  light,  with  new  technological  breakthroughs  happening  every  day.  the  initial  iot  innovations  ramped  up  slowly  over  the  past  few  decades,  implementing  new  communication  technologies  mainly  for  industrial  applications.  now  that  consumer  iot  has  kicked  into  high  gear,  with  realtime  connectivity  of  all  things  becoming  businesscritical,  companies  across  several  industries  are  determining  how  they  too  can  incorporate  iot  into  their  processes  and  products.  its  tempting  to  lump  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicles  into  that  broad  iot  category  because  many  of  the  same  principles  applyartificial  intelligence  ai  taking  over  where  humans  were  once  required.  but  the  automotive  industry  faces  something  that  most  iot  products  do  not:  a  multiyear  development  cycle,  and  complex  validation  and  reliability  testing  requirements.  while  there  are  significant  differences  in  the  two  markets,  automotive  oems  and  suppliers  are  quickly  adapting  to  the  successful  business  models  of  iot,  creating  flexible  vehicle  system  architectures  which  allow  for  quicker  adaptations  of  fasttomarket,  next  generation,  leadingedge  iot  technologies.  automotive  companies  will  not  only  need  to  meet  the  requirements  of  discriminating  consumers  from  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realtime  customer  experience  and  timeline  perspective,  but  also  from  an  evergrowing  reliability  and  safety  perspective  required  to  produce  zerodefect  autonomous  vehicles.  nearly  every  vehicle  today  has  basic  automation  capabilities,  including  basic  or  adaptive  cruise  control.  many  vehicles  have  the  additional  capabilities  of  lane  departure  warnings,  blind  spot  monitoring,  forward  warning  collision  avoidance,  automated  braking  systems,  backup  warning  systems,  parking  assist  and  automated  parking,  and  electronic  stability  systems.  by  2040,  however,  loup  ventures  expects  that  more  than  90  of  all  vehicles  sold  will  be  highly  and  fully  autonomous  systems,  based  on  these  level  0level  5  classifications  from  the  national  highway  traffic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy safety  administration  nhtsa:  the  fully  autonomous  vehicletovehicle  v2v,  vehicletoinfrastructure  v2i,  and  vehicletonetwork  v2n  technologies  and  testing  standards  are  not  yet  finalized.  prior  to  achieving  a  complete  market  acceptance  of  level  5  full  automation,  auto  manufacturers  will  continue  to  hone  and  implement  new  technologies  into  the  existing  semiautonomous  model.  the  evolution  of  semi  to  fully  autonomous  vehicles  will  be  influenced  by  future  safety,  legal,  and  other  regulatory  requirements.  while  vehicle  development  cycle  timelines  have  been  significantly  reduced  over  the  past  years,  the  typical  design  cycle  of  vehicles  is  still  three  to  five  years.  however,  iot  and  communication  technology  moves  so  quickly,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  the  time  a  vehicle  hits  production,  it  may  be  missing  a  generation  or  two  of  whats  available  in  the  iot  market.  with  leadingedge  technology  advancements,  such  as  5g  wireless  connectivity,  and  with  everincreasing  and  evolving  system  complexities,  automotive  oems  are  creatively  seeking  ways  to  offer  the  latest  iot  technologies  to  their  end  consumers  at  nearly  the  same  pace.  todays  connected  vehicles  require  reliable  communication  connections  for  all  the  safety  features  mentioned  above,  and  also  for  realtime  vehicle  diagnostics  and  software  updates.  as  the  industry  moves  towards  autonomous  vehicles,  the  connectivity  requirement  grows  exponentially.  regardless  of  their  location,  drivers  need
__label__controloptimizationautonomy consistent,  realtime  access  to  highspeed,  reliable,  lowlatency  connectivity  for  safetycritical  applications  such  as  v2v,  v2i,  and  v2n  systems,  as  well  as  for  data  collection  and  analytics  for  ai  applications.  the  automotive  ecosystem  is  incredibly  complicated,  involving  several  industrial,  regulatory,  global  standards  and  testing,  and  system  developer  companies  and  organizations.  companies  that  offer  development  tools,  sensors,  connectivity,  mapping,  algorithms,  security  and  safety,  and  autonomous  features  all  have  a  piece  of  this  highly  complex  ecosystem  that  needs  seamless  integration  for  the  market  to  succeed.  take  vehicle  antennascomplex  in  their  own  rightand  just  one  part  of  the  connected  and  autonomous  puzzle.  with  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy myriad  antennas  required  to  deliver  even  basic  capabilities,  where  and  how  should  they  be  placed  in  a  vehicle  while  taking  into  consideration  cost,  size,  installation  flexibility,  and  performance  is  complexand  takes  time.  the  types  of  antennas  required  for  todays  cars  range  from  the  basic  to  the  advanced  and  includes  am/fm/satellite  radio  antennas;  cellular  antennas  that  are  required  for  network  connectivity;  gnss  antennas  for  navigation,  emergency  call  systems,  and  other  locationbased  technologies;  bluetooth  antennas  to  provide  connectivity  for  smartphones  and  other  mobile  devices;  wifi  antennas  for  hotspot  connectivity;  radar  antennas  for  object  detection;  and  v2v,  v2i,  and  v2n  antenna  system  requirements
__label__controloptimizationautonomy via  dsrc  and  cv2x  applications.  the  sheer  number  of  antennas  needed  for  the  future  connected  car  present  challenges  to  the  automotive  styling  designers.  auto  manufacturers  have  been  working  on  both  distributed  antenna  systems,  incorporating  into  the  vehicle  body,  side  pillars,  bumpers,  rooftop,  as  well  as  interior  glass  locations,  along  with  fully  integrated  lowprofile,  smallformfactor  packages  under  plastic  composite  structures,  like  the  rear  spoiler  and  plastic  trunk  lids.  the  challenge,  however,  is  coordinating  the  development  of  a  vehicles  antenna  system  in  a  way  that  guarantees  100,  uninterrupted,  reception  of  communication  signals,  as  well  as  highprecision  centimeter  accuracy  location  capability.  the  challenge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  the  automotive  industry  is  to  ensure  all  the  infrastructure,  standards,  and  legal  requirements  are  managed  in  such  a  way  so  that  automobile  manufacturers  have  the  flexibility  to  implement  the  latest  technologies  when  mass  production  occurs.  likewise,  traditional  suppliers  to  the  automotive  market  are  also  faced  with  helping  to  get  vehicles  into  production  much  more  quickly,  with  flexible  systems  which  can  provide  the  latest  communications  technology  advancements.  for  the  oems,  that  means  adopting  an  iot  mindset  and  working  with  suppliers  that  have  deep  iot  expertise  as  well  as  a  foolproof  understanding  of  the  stringent  requirements  of  the  automotive  space.  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy much  as  auto  manufacturers  want  to  speed  the  development  cycle  up,  they  also  want  to  make  sure  they  get  things  right.  communication  technology  will  be  critical  in  helping  meet  the  vehicle  safety  and  legal  requirements  and  standards.  when  systems  are  driving  vehicles,  seamless,  realtime  connectivity  is  a  requirement,  and  the  industry  requires  a  grade  of  technology  that  mitigates  any  potential  hazard  and  safety  problems.  from  a  safety  and  liability  perspective,  the  auto  industry  needs  to  deliver  pharmaceutical  levels  of  quality,  especially  as  it  takes  a  cue  from  the  iot  and  increases  the  speed  at  which  new  technologies  are  introduced.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy heavily  regulated  industry,  u.s.  pharmaceutical  companies  utilize  good  practice  gxp  guidelines,  established  by  the  food  and  drug  administration  fda  to  ensure  that  companies  that  work  in  regulated  industries  make  products  that  are  safe  and  fit  for  use,  and  have  met  strict  quality  standards  throughout  the  endtoend  production  process.  much  like  consumers  who  purchase  pharmaceuticals,  vehicle  drivers  have  no  way  to  independently  check  their  quality  to  ensure  they  are  safe.  they  trust  the  guidelines  and  controls  have  been  put  and  place  and  autonomous  vehicles  have  been  thoroughly  produced  and  tested  to  the  industrys  most  rigorous  standards.  taking  a  page  from  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iotmore  lean,  flexible,  and  agile  development  processes,  providing  fast  to  market  technologiesand  building  consumer  confidence  in  autonomous  driving  by  ensuring  and  demonstrating  commitments  to  similar  pharmaceutical  levels  of  quality,  the  automotive  industry  can  move  closer  to  the  age  of  the  safe,  featurerich  autonomous  vehicles.  dan  michael  is  director  of  automotive  for  taoglas.  he  is  responsible  for  growing  taoglas  global  automotive  oem  and  tier  1  antenna  business  and  will  oversee  all  aspects  of  the  automotive  division.dan  started  his  28year  career  at  gm/delphi,  advancing  through  purchasing,  program  management,  product  planning,  and  business  development  roles,  in  both  north  america  and  germany.  prior  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy joining  taoglas,  dan  spent  7  years  at  kathrein  automotive  north  america,  where  he  was  responsible  for  the  north  america  general  management  and  sales  activities.dan  has  degrees  in  engineering  and  production  management,  having  attended  ferris  state  university,  michigan  state  university,  and  kettering  university
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  autonomous  vehicles  is  part  of  the  informa  tech  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  3099067.  menu  close  book  your  pass  at  the  lowest  rate  prices  increase  friday,  december  13th.  ohad  zeira  vice  president,  fleet  ventures  avis  budget  group  alison  pascale  senior  policy  strategist  audi  of  america  scott  burnell  global  lead,  business  development  and  partner  management  ford  developer  program  lutz  beck  cio  daimler  trucks  north  america
__label__controloptimizationautonomy liz  kerton  executive  director  autotech  council  dennis  liu  associate  director  global  strategy  business  development  ford  motor  company  kimberly  clavin  vp  of  engineering  loop  by  pillar,  a  part  of  accentures  industry  x.0  mike  harrigan  senior  program  manager  for  advanced  mobility  prospect  silicon  valley  the  automotive  sector  is  at  a  turning  point  and  undergoing  a  transformation  as  car  manufactures  move  towards  becoming  mobility  service  providers.  global  demand  for  cav  technology  is  expected  to  grow  exponentially  over  the  next  decade  providing  a  path  for  new  revenue  and  customers.  for  automakers  to  sustain  longterm  growth  important  issues  must  be  addressed  including  preventing  cyber  threats
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  protecting  consumer  data,  partnering  with  new  tech  entrants,  determining  winning  business  models  for  rolling  out  connected  cars  globally  and  improving  autonomous  driving  technology.  at  connected  autonomous  vehicles,  we  will  take  a  deep  dive  into  the  latest  industry  developments  and  attendees  will  hear  thoughtprovoking  case  study  presentations  from  top  automakers.  participants  will  be  able  to  engage  with  experts,  form  strategic  alliances  and  explore  collaboration  opportunities  with  other  companies.  the  event  takes  place  alongside  iot  world,  making  it  the  leading  convergence  of  auto,  iot,  and  tech  execs  in  the  heart  of  silicon  valley.  connected  autonomous  vehicles  provides  a  multitude  of  shared
__label__controloptimizationautonomy learning  and  networking  opportunities  dive  deep  into  topics  that  are  driving  the  connected  cars  autonomous  vehicles  market  today.  hear  thoughtprovoking  case  studies  and  presentations  from  leaders  at  companies  such  as  gm,  daimler,  avis  budget  group  and  more.  attendees  connected  with  hundreds  of  exhibitors  showcasing  the  latest  and  greatest  connected  technology  solutions  and  took  part  in  the  booth  crawl,  experience  areas,  and  more.  the  2019  event  also  featured  an  organized,  freetoattend  automotive  expo  tour.  featuring  clevel  speakers  from  some  of  the  worlds  leading  corporations,  the  executive  keynote  day  is  a  jam  packed  day  of  learning  and  networking  with  the  best  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  best.  taking  place  each  morning  of  the  show,  attendees  get  face  to  face  time  with  top  industry  analysts  to  up  their  insights  connected  autonomous  vehicles  is  the  perfect  place  to  learn  and  have  fun.  the  hyatt  pool  party,  hosted  by  tmobile,  was  an  informal  way  for  attendees  to  chat  over  drinks,  play  games,  and  unwind.  located  at  the  heart  of  the  show  floor,  our  ecosystem  center  stage  is  the  perfect  spot  to  stop  by  to  hear  from  expert  iot  speakers  colocated  with  iot  world,  the  bustling  expo  floor  will  be  packed  with  top  companies  showcasing  their  latest  products  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services.  the  startup  elevate  area  of  the  expo  hall  featured  100  startups  disrupting  the  iot  space.  featuring  startup  pitches  in  front  of  world  renowned  investors,  awards,  and  more,  this  area  continues  to  be  one  of  the  most  popular  at  the  show.  thursday,  april  9  will  feature  workshops  to  take  your  learning  to  the  next  level.  last  year  featured  the  following:  .  this  was  my  first  visit  to  your  conference  and  it  was  very  positive.  i  found  the  sessions  very  insightful  and  the  participants  very  accessible  for  discussion.  .  great  business  benefit  for  companies  in  av/ad  and  the  iot  industry.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy great  platform  to  network  with  potential  partners  and  suppliers.  .  this  event  was  comprehensive  and  extensive,  covering  the  emerging  marketing  of  connected  cars  very  well.  a  valuable  and  repeatable  event.  .  this  was  my  first  visit  to  your  conference  and  it  was  very  positive.  i  found  the  sessions  very  insightful  and  the  participants  very  accessible  for  discussion.  .  great  business  benefit  for  companies  in  av/ad  and  the  iot  industry.  a  great  platform  to  network  with  potential  partners  and  suppliers.  .  this  event  was  comprehensive  and  extensive,  covering  the  emerging  marketing  of  connected  cars  very  well.  a  valuable  and  repeatable  event.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy .  this  was  my  first  visit  to  your  conference  and  it  was  very  positive.  i  found  the  sessions  very  insightful  and  the  participants  very  accessible  for  discussion.  .  great  business  benefit  for  companies  in  av/ad  and  the  iot  industry.  a  great  platform  to  network  with  potential  partners  and  suppliers.  the  event  features  new,  deeper  more  technical  sessions,  a  larger  expo  floor,  and  more  ways  to  network.  with  over  12,000  attendees  expected  through  the  doors,  400  global,  thought  leading  speakers  and  400  sponsors  and  exhibitors,  internet  of  things  world  is  the  largest  iot  event  in  the  marketplace.  entries  are  now  open
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  the  next  25  years,  selfdriving  vehicles  will  evolve  in  ways  that  will  have  a  major  impact  on  infrastructure,  vehicle  ownership,  and  the  automotive  industry.  several  original  equipment  manufacturers  oems  including  and  already  have  semiautonomous  vehicles  on  the  road  today  with  selfdriving  features  such  as  autopilot  and  selfparking.  thanks  to  ,  by  the  year  2035,  there  may  be  large  networks  of  fullyautonomous  vehicles  in  most  major  cities  around  the  world.  as  vehicles  move  from  semiautonomous  to  fully  autonomous,  oems  will  be  held  more  and  more  accountable  for  accidents  on  the  road.  furthermore,  drivers  need  to  be  comfortable  with  relinquishing  control
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  vehicle  to  the  vehicle  itself,  says  for  an  to  be  reliable  enough  to  gain  consumers  trust,  and  for  manufacturers  to  take  the  legal  risk  of  putting  them  on  the  roads,  autonomous  vehicles  must  be  able  to  send  and  receive  large  amounts  of  data  from  their  location  coordinates,  to  diagnostic  and  monitoring  information  all  in  realtime.  because  fully  autonomous  vehicles  are  always  on  the  move,  they  will  require  a  network  that  can  keep  up  with  their  staggering  data  requirements,  which  makes  cellular  the  ideal  connectivity  choice  for  oems  developing  autonomous  vehicles.  people  are  not  yet  used  to  riding  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  car  without  human  driver,  so  safety  is  a  major  concern  with  emerging  fully  autonomous  vehicles.  if  you  are  an  oem,  your  customers  need  to  trust  that  your  car  will  keep  them  safe.  vehicle  manufacturers  have  used  sideofvehicle  and  frontofvehicle  detection  to  prevent  sideswipes  and  fender  benders  by  automatically  moving  the  vehicle  out  of  harms  way  or  by  applying  the  brakes,  but  these  capabilities  come  as  a  luxury  addon.  for  fully  autonomous  cars  to  safely  share  the  road,  hazard  detection  and  avoidance  has  to  be  standard  on  all  models.  during  the  transition  to  fully  autonomous  vehicles,  manufacturers  can  get  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy most  out  of  their  vehicle  detection  systems  by  monitoring  them  over  a  cellular  network.  when  it  comes  to  sharing  the  road,  one  faulty  maneuver  can  endanger  passengers  and  pedestrians  in  a  matter  of  seconds.  cellular  networks  provide  the  fastest  and  largest  data  transmission  network  for  iot,  enabling  vehicles  to  connect  to  towers  with  the  strongest  signal  so  there  is  zero  lag  time.  in  addition,  realworld  driving  and  accident  prevention  data  will  allow  manufacturers  to  finetune  their  autonomous  vehicle  safety  and  detection  systems,  which  leads  to  continuous  improvement.  another  way  oems  can  make  their  cars  safer  is  by  using  alerts  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy prevent  malfunctions  on  the  road  and  can  even  save  lives  if  an  accident  does  occur.  drivers  can  already  purchase  aftermarket  devices  that  automatically  detect  collisions  and  immediately  contact  emergency  services  with  their  location.  these  devices  use  cellular  networks  for  communication  because  in  a  serious  accident,  a  fastresponse  time  can  save  someones  life.  autonomous  vehicles  that  come  standard  with  accident  detection  and  reporting  over  a  cellular  network  will  give  drivers  the  confidence  that  autonomous  driving  systems  are  just  as  safe  as  normal  vehicles.  monitoring  vehicles  to  detect  malfunctions  can  also  help  oems  refine  their  manufacturing  processes  and  address  recalls  immediately.  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fact,  tesla  was  able  to  avoid  an  entire  recall  by  diagnosing  and  fixing  an  overheating  issue  thanks  in  part  to  the  existence  of  an  extensive  cellular  iot  network.  with  such  wide  coverage,  tesla  wirelessly  installed  a  firmware  update  to  many  of  their  vehicles  that  saved  drivers  and  company  mechanics  valuable  time.  not  all  malfunctions  are  manufacturing  related.  many  vehicle  malfunctions  can  be  prevented  with  scheduled  maintenance.  vehicle  upkeep  is  especially  important  for  autonomous  and  semiautonomous  vehicles;  for  customers  to  take  their  hands  off  the  wheel,  they  need  full  faith  that  their  vehicle  can  adapt  to  road  conditions  without  component  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy system  failure.  its  possible  that  in  the  future,  autonomous  cars  could  drive  themselves  to  service  centers  for  oil  changes  and  scheduled  maintenance.  but  for  now,  vehicle  owners  need  relevant  diagnostic  data  to  keep  their  cars  in  peak  condition.  oems  that  build  a  smartphone  accessible  diagnostic  app  into  their  autonomous  or  semiautonomous  vehicles  will  have  an  advantage;  their  customers  will  have  the  information  they  need  to  feel  confident  in  their  vehicles.  since  smartphones  already  communicate  over  cellular  networks,  cellular  networks  are  the  perfect  interface  for  smartphone  apps.  all  an  oem  needs  to  do  is  create  a  user  interface  to  deliver  diagnostic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  maintenance  alerts  to  drivers.  autonomous  vehicles  require  more  development  before  they  can  be  used  on  a  mass  scale,  but  its  never  too  early  to  find  out  how  cellular  networks  will  shape  the  communication  of  selfdriving  vehicles.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet  of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hyundai  has  debuted  the  worlds  first  autonomous  driving  technology  which  selflearns  from  a  drivers  individual  style.  a  builtin  ai  observes  the  drivers  patterns  to  mimic  their  style  in  as  safe  a  manner  as  possible.  the  use  of  a  selflearning  ai  means  the  autonomous  features  should  more  closely  replicate  that  of  if  the  driver  was  still  in  full  control  of  the  vehicle.  hyundai  is  rolling  outthe  feature  for  cruise  control  initially  and  calling  it  smart  cruise  controlmachine  learning  sccml.  woongjun  jang,  vp  at  hyundai  motor  group,  said:  the  new  sccml  improves  upon  the  intelligence  of  the  previous  adas  technology  to  dramatically
__label__controloptimizationautonomy improve  the  practicality  of  semiautonomous  features.  hyundai  motor  group  will  continue  the  development  efforts  on  innovative  ai  technologies  to  lead  the  industry  in  the  field  of  autonomous  driving.  sccml  will  take  account  of  the  drivers  usual  habits  like  acceleration  speed,  adapting  to  road  conditions,  and  the  usual  distance  kept  between  cars.  sensors  around  the  car  are  continuously  used  to  update  the  vehicles  driving  style  to  mimic  that  of  its  driver.  ccml  is  programmed  specifically  to  avoid  learning  unsafe  driving  patterns.  while  the  technology  is  still  within  the  level  2  selfdriving  technology  categorisation  meaning  two  or  more  vehicle  features  are  automated,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but  a  human  must  still  be  available  to  retake  control  hyundai  considers  sccml  a  level  2.5  technology.  hyundai  and  its  affiliate  kia  motors  plan  on  rolling  out  sccml  to  their  new  models.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  editor,  iot  news  editor  at  techforge  media.  often  sighted  at  global  tech  conferences  with  a  coffee  in  one  hand  and  laptop  in  the  other.  if  its  geeky,  im  probably  into  it.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.  please  follow  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy great  writing  style  in  this.  easy  to  understand.  ,  ,  the  driverless  car  market  is  just  starting  to  emerge,  but  experts  predict  its  rapid  growth  in  the  coming  years.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  current  state  of  the  industry.  a  number  of  leading  global  automakers  such  as  bmw,  audi,  volkswagen,  general  motors  and  toyota,  together  with  itgiants  google  and  apple,  place  serious  emphasis  on  autonomous  driving  and  .  they  are  actively  engaged  in  the  development  of  to  assist  drivers  and,  as  the  ultimate  goal,  to  create  a  level  5  see  below  selfdriving  car.  their  collaboration  has  already  had  some
__label__controloptimizationautonomy impressive  results.  audi  ag,  for  example,  claimed  that  the  usage  of  the  brake  assist  system  in  their  vehicles  in  the  last  five  years  reduced  the  total  number  of  passenger  injuries  by  38.  the  iot  technology  can  empower  device  connected  to  perform  some  actions  independently;  that  is,  without  human  interference.  to  create  a  connected  car,  the  internet  of  things  introduces  various  features  and  smart  options  for  avehicle.  the  hierarchy  of  driving  automation  was  outlined  on  the  basis  of  the  progression  of  these  features.  examples:  regular  cruise  control  examples:  adaptive  cruise  control,  lanekeeping  assistance  examples:  tesla  autopilot,  volvo  pilot  assist,  mercedesbenz  drive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pilot,  cadillac  super  cruise  audi  a8  examples:  dont  exist  yet  examples:  dont  exist  yet  currently,  all  vehicles  that  have  some  autonomous  components  fall  under  level  1  and  level  2  and  focus  on  assisting  drivers.  the  highest  level  of  car  autonomy  that  has  been  reached  by  now  is  level  3  with  the  only  representative  audi  a8  announced  in  july  2017.  remember,  no  selfdriving  car  that  falls  into  categories  of  high  or  full  automation  currently  exists  drivers  are  still  responsible  for  their  behavior  on  the  road.  autonomous  cars  have  roughly  the  same  components:  video  cameras  radars  lidar  ultrasonic  sensor  s  position  sensors
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gps  navigation  catches  signals  from  satellites  to  provide  more  accurate  positioning;  central  computer  the  software  and  algorithms  for  autonomous  cars  must  be  extremely  powerful  in  order  to  process  the  info  from  the  extended  network  of  sensors  and  make  the  right  decisions.  vehicles  should  literally  learn  communication  skills  to  be  able  to  see,  hear  and  interpret  any  situation  on  the  road.  moreover,  the  system  should  be  able  to  predict  the  behavior  of  people  both  in  and  out  of  the  car  and  correct  it  for  the  sake  of  safety.  highquality  mapping  is  a  good  supplement  to  the  abovementioned  devices  and  can  greatly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy improve  the  autonomous  driving  experience.  the  modern  mapping  industry  might  boom  in  the  near  future.  its  hard  to  say  definitively  how  iot  applications  in  automotive  cars  will  affect  humanity.  most  developers  tend  to  believe  that  connected  cars  and  the  iot  will  .  but  will  the  changes  be  more  negative  or  positive?  take  a  look  at  the  possible  pros  and  cons  of  implementing  iot  in  automotive  manufacturing.  despite  the  fact  that  autonomous  vehicles  are  not  yet  available,  many  companies  in  different  countries  are  actively  testing  them  in  real  conditions.  in  2016,  dubai  authorities  launched  the  selfdriving  bus  and  tested  it  along
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  city  streets  for  a  route  of  about  700  meters.  an  autonomous  taxi  service  also  appeared  in  dubai.  it  started  with  50  tesla  cars,  each  equipped  with  teslas  latest  autopilot  software.  actually,  dubai  authorities  plan  to  automate  25  of  the  citys  transport  by  2030.  in  march  2018,  in  japan,  nissan  motor  and  a  mobile  games  producer  dena  started  testing  the  selfdriving  taxi  service  easyride  they  developed  together.  passengers  use  an  application  to  call  for  a  taxi  that  delivers  them  to  predetermined  destinations  in  the  city.  an  incar  tablet  screen  provides  information  about  local  sightseeing  areas.  after  the  ride,  passengers  complete
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  survey:  they  share  their  experience  and  suggest  the  possible  price  they  would  pay  for  easyride  when  its  officially  launched.  googles  autonomous  car  development  company  waymo  has  tested  its  cars  in  california,  texas,  washington,  nevada,  michigan  and  arizona.  in  2018,  the  next  stop  for  the  test  program  will  be  atlanta,  georgia.  according  to  the  latest  forecasts  of  bcg,  the  total  volume  of  the  unmanned  vehicle  market  may  be  sized  at  about  42  billion  by  2025.  it  is  expected  that  the  share  of  selfdriving  cars  in  the  global  sales  structure  will  reach  1213.  in  other  words,  about  14  million  autonomous  cars
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  be  launched  on  the  market.  half  a  million  of  them  will  be  fully  autonomous.  is  even  more  optimistic  in  its  forecasts,  assuming  that  the  total  share  of  unmanned  vehicles  both  fully  autonomous  and  semiautonomous  will  reach  1520  by  2025.  by  some  estimates,  in  just  a  few  decades,  selfdriving  car  technology  will  allow  mankind  to  save  about  1  trillion  in  total  and  provide  a  70  reduction  in  the  number  of  fatal  accidents.  even  now,  automation  significantly  reduces  the  accident  rate.  many  experts  rightly  believe  that  the  biggest  problem  preventing  driverless  technology  from  developing  is  the  imperfection  of  the  legislative  framework,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rather  than  the  lack  of  new  technologies  and  solutions.  however,  there  is  progress  in  this  direction.  the  us  department  of  transportation  issued  its  first  recommendations  regarding  autonomous  vehicles.  at  kearney  consulting  company  predicts  that  the  legal  framework  for  unmanned  vehicles  will  be  fully  developed  by  2025.  however,  it  should  be  noted  that  people  themselves  are  not  ready  for  the  active  expansion  of  selfdriving  transportation  yet.  people  must  get  used  to  the  fact  that  their  vehicles  will  be  controlled  by  an  automated  system.  thats  why  transportation  is  going  to  experience  gradual  shifts.  sam  solutions  has  significant  experience  in  .  our  specialists
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  able  to  provide:  to  learn  more  about  our  expertise  in  smart  home  technologies,  industrial  iot,  biometric  security,  embedded  software  development  and  more.  a  copywriter  at  sam  solutions,  natallia  is  devoted  to  her  motto  to  write  simply  and  clearly  about  complicated  things.  backed  up  with  a  5year  experience  in  copywriting,  she  creates  informative  but  exciting  articles  on  high  technologies.  snowaide  thanks  ill  take  a  look.  javhd  films  great  writing  style  in  this.  easy  to  understand.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hi  everyone  it  is  time  to  talk  about  iot,  which  means  internet  of  things  in  the  mobility  world  the  concept  of  a  selfdriving  car  has  always  made  many  people  wonder.  the  things  that  we  have  frequently  seen  in  science  fiction  films  are  getting  into  our  real  lives.  internet  of  things  iot  stands  for  a  combination  of  multiple  devices  connected  through  the  internet.  driverless  cars  use  a  diversity  of  sensors  to  receive  information  from  their  surroundings  and  requires  a  collection  of  the  data  and  its  processing.  these  autonomous  vehicles  update  their  algorithms  based  on  this  connection  and  share  the  information  about
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  road  in  which  is  included  actual  path,  traffic  and  how  to  navigate  etc.  this  is  done  thanks  to  the  iot.  the  rca  radio  controlled  car  credit  wikimedia  commons  in  1904,  absolutely,  you  did  not  read  it  wrong  the  first  unmanned  road  vehicle  was  made  in  1904  by  the  spanish  inventor  leonardo  torresquevedo.  as  you  can  see  on  the  photo,  it  was  a  radiocontrolled  tricycle.  afterwards,  the  militaries  used  this  kind  of  radiocontrolled  vehicles  during  world  war  i  in  order  to  detonate  explosives.  the  first  radiocontrolled  driverless  car  was  introduced  by  francis  houdina  in  1925.  in  1956,  a  version  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gm  firebird  ii  was  built  for  detector  circuits  embedded  on  highways.  in  1958,  the  chrysler  imperial  was  the  first  car  with  a  cruise  control  function.  in  1994,  the  bundeswehr  universitats  robotic  cars  vamp  and  vita2  drove  over  600  miles  safely.  in  2009,  googles  selfdriving  project  began.  in  2015,  tesla  launched  its  autopilot  software.  in  2018,  gm  completed  a  selfdriving  car  with  no  steering  wheel  or  pedals.  google  autonomous  vehicle  credit  google  there  are  5  different  driving  automations  you  need  to  know  in  order  to  understand  where  we  stand  in  this  rapidly  developing  technology.  a  simple  explanation  of  each  level  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomy.  you  are  in  control.  be  careful  alcohol  is  forbidden  the  car  manages  itself  some  functions,  but  you  have  to  continue  to  control  variables  such  as  acceleration,  braking  and  to  follow  the  path.imagine  a  car  that  slows  down  a  little  when  youre  too  close  to  another  car  on  the  way.  you  still  have  to  be  careful,  and  again,  alcohol  is  forbidden  you  should  always  be  ready  to  control  your  vehicle  and  you  still  have  security  responsibilities.  only  the  steering  and  acceleration  tasks  can  be  partially  taken  over  from  you.  therefore,  alcohol  is  still  banned  the  vehicle  can  control  the  entire
__label__controloptimizationautonomy monitoring  of  the  environment  differently  from  levels  2  and  3.  the  drivers  attention  is  still  important  at  this  level,  but  the  safetycritical  functions,  such  as  braking,  can  be  performed  by  your  vehicle.  control  can  be  left  to  technology  when  conditions  are  safe.  at  speeds  of  about  37  mph  and  lower,  selfdriving  vehicles  can  take  care  of  themselves.  sorry  still  beer  banned  at  this  level,  your  car  can  track  the  road  completely,  respond  to  situations  such  as  acceleration  and  braking,  know  when  to  change  lanes,  know  when  to  give  signals,  and  more.  the  drive  system  first  informs  the  driver  when  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy conditions  are  safe,  and  the  driver  only  switches  the  car  to  this  mode.  in  some  complex  situations  extreme  traffic  and  road  changes  and  maintenance  work  etc.,  it  cannot  decide  between  more  dynamic  driving  situations.  maybe  a  beer?  do  you  have  enough  beer  with  you?  please  open  your  map  and  enter  the  party  venue  to  it  and  open  your  first  beer  can  there  is  no  need  for  the  human  at  this  stage.  since  the  autonomous  vehicle  system  controls  tasks  and  variables,  there  is  no  need  for  a  gas  and  brake  pedal  or  even  a  steering  wheel  due  to  the  control  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy unique  driving  conditions  such  as  traffic  jams  and  all  extreme  conditions.  so  what  do  you  think  about  it?  the  question  is  that  could  you  hand  yourself  over  to  an  autonomous  vehicle?  please  feel  free  to  share  your  feedback  and  questions.  sae  international  automated  driving  standards  more  we  offer  environmentally  friendly,  fast,  practical  and  most  economical  solutions  for  the  maintenance  and  repair  of  all  your  mobility  vehicles.  we  take  care  of  them  like  you  do.  we  integrate  them  into  each  other  and  local  transportation  systems  and  bring  them  whenever  and  wherever  you  need.  dear  serdar,  level  5  sounds  like  fun  what
__label__controloptimizationautonomy do  you  think,  do  we  reach  it  within  the  next  20  years?  cheers,  adrian  dear  adrian  thanks  for  your  comment  and  question.  general  motors  has  already  prepared  a  vehicle  no  steering  wheel  and  pedals  tesla  is  already  everywhere.  that  means  we  need  more  and  more  beer  prost  serdar
__label__controloptimizationautonomy aravind  sekar  nov  30,  2018  0  share  prediction  selflearning  allied  benefits  0  share  with  over  four  years  of  experience  in  the  niche  of  content  development,  aravind  has  written  articles  and  blog  posts  across  several  popular  websites  and  blogs.  he  has  also  ghostwritten  ebooks  currently  available  for  purchase  on  amazon.  he  has  contributed  content  to  several  california  based  tech  mammoths.  prev  post  next  post  welcome,  login  to  your  account.  recover  your  password.  a  password  will  be  emailed  to  you.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  netherlands  photonics  is  a  key  enabler  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  autonomous  systems.  for  its  implementation  the  iot  relies  heavily  on  sensor  technology.  sensors  need  to  be  small,  robust  and  energy  efficient  to  be  embedded  in  machines,  appliances,  buildings  and  infrastructure  and  succesfully  collect  data  over  large  periods  of  time.  fibre  optic  sensors  manufactured  using  photonics  technology  are  not  only  more  sensitive  than  existing  electromagnetic  sensors,  but  also  faster  operating,  better  able  to  withstand  harsh  conditions  and  immune  to  electromagnetic  interference.  photonics  chips  and  sensors  are  already  in  use  in  the  aerospace  industry.  installed  on  aircraft  wings  photonic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors  can  measure  strain  10,000  more  accurately  than  existing  electromagnetic  sensors.  photonics  is  also  a  catalyst  technology  for  autonomous  systems,  such  as  selfdriving  cars.  autonomous  vehicles  have  to  be  able  to  see  their  environment  in  order  to  differentiate  between  objects,  pedestrians  and  other  vehicles.  light  detection  and  radar,  more  commonly  known  as  lidar,  is  a  photonics  based  technology  capable  of  providing  selfdriving  cars  with  accurate  vision.  because  of  its  highangularresolution  imagery  lidar  is  the  best  available  technology  to  recognize  objects  at  high  speeds  and  has  become  one  of  the  most  important  detection  modes  for  autonomous  vehicles.  researchers  at  the  university
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  singapore  have  developed  a  microchip  based  on  photonics  technology  that  can  capture  visual  details  from  video  frames  .  this  application  can  bring  the  sense  of  sight  to  the  iot  scientists  have  developed  a  microchip  that  can  capture  visual  details  from  video  frames  using  extremely  low  levels  of  power.  according  to  the  research  team,  the  chips  video  feature  extractor  uses  20  times  less  power  than  existing  bestinclass  chips.  the  new  microchip,  called  eqscale,  could  reduce  the  size  of  smart  vision  systems  down  to  the  millimeter  range.  a  new  generation  of  lidar  companies  supplying  the  selfdriving  car  industry  is  putting  optics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  photonics  back  at  the  center  of  the  technology  world.  solidstate  lidar  systems  are  a  key  enabling  technology  for  selfdriving  vehicles,  3d  mapping,  and  industrial  automation.  early  lidar  systems  were  too  bulky,  expensive,  and  had  too  many  moving  parts.  commercial  advancements  have  made  sophisticated  mapping,  object  detection,  classification,  and  tracking  possible  with  small  sensors  that  will  become  ubiquitous,  particularly  as  they  enable  autonomous  vehicles  or  selfdriving  cars.  the  magnitude  of  the  market  opportunity  has  been  recognized  by  venture  capitalists  who  have  poured  investment  into  this  area.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy misi  written  by  bernard  marr  is  an  internationally  bestselling  author,  futurist,  keynote  speaker,  and  strategic  advisor  to  companies  and  governments.  he  advises  and  coaches  many  of  the  worlds  bestknown  organisations  on  strategy,  digital  transformation  and  business  performance.  linkedin  has  recently  ranked  bernard  as  one  of  the  top  5  business  influencers  in  the  world  and  the  no  1  influencer  in  the  uk.  he  has  authored  16  bestselling  books,  is  a  frequent  contributor  to  the  world  economic  forum  and  writes  a  regular  column  for  forbes.  every  day  bernard  actively  engages  his  almost  2  million  social  media  followers  and  shares  content  that  reaches
__label__controloptimizationautonomy facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  china  is  currently  testing  selfdriving  and  connected  vehicles  in  a  mountain  highway  in  eastern  shandong  province,  south  china  morning  post  reported.  the  local  qilu  transportation  development  group  earmarked  a  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailfurther  to  last  weeks  subpolemic  on  the  wrongheaded  marketing  of  5g  services,  it  is  worth  considering,  again,  just  how  transformational  the  next  generation  of  mobile  technology  could  be  and  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailaid  expects  to  launch  fully  autonomous  vehicles  in  2021  u.s.  company  luminar  announced  its  collaboration  with  autonomous  intelligent  driving  aid  to  provide  the  lidar  technology  and  accelerate  plans  towards  aids  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailcv2x  would  let  vehicles  communicate  with,  well,  everything  companies  investing  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  driving  have  logged  thousands  of  hours  and  millions  of  miles  on  the  road  to  test  out  sensor  arrays,  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailthe  two  basic  rules  for  autonomous  driving  are:  rule  number  1:  do  no  harm.  rule  number  2:  dont  get  hurt.  forget  about  insurance  companies  claim  that  autonomous  driving  is  safer  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailbosch  and  daimler  will  test  a  fleet  of  autonomous  vehicles  in  california,  with  a  view  to  launching  a  driverless  shuttle  service  on  certain  routes  in  the  second  half  of  2019.  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailswedish  carmaker  volvo  has  taken  a  stake  in  us  startup  luminar,  based  in  california  and  florida,  to  develop  sensor  technology  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  vehicles.  volvo  cars,  a  subsidiary  of  chinese  automotive  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailannual  sales  of  fully  autonomous  vehicles  avs  in  the  us  will  reach  five  million  by  2026,  according  to  a  new  study  by  juniper  research.  juniper  also  expects  a  total  of  facebooktwitterlinkedinemailjapanbased  toyota  has  taken  a  stake  in  data  analytics  firm  albert,  also  from  japan,  to  bring  new  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  machine  learning  technologies  in  house,  and  develop  its  own  facebooktwitterlinkedinemail  californian  company  says  the  pilot  will  take  place  in  the  city  of  frisco  in  july  californiabased  selfdriving  car  company  drive.ai  has  launched  a  pilot  program  to  bring  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but  how  do  we  make  it  a  reality?  robust  networks  and  powerful  iot  solutions  are  important  parts  of  the  puzzle.  when  selfdriving  vehicles  sdvs  hit  the  streets,  they  are  sure  to  make  our  roadways  safer  than  ever  before.  today,  advanced  driver  support  systems  adas  technology  is  already  helping  drivers  avoid  accidents,  but  this  is  just  beginning  of  a  saferoad  revolution  that  will  be  triggered  bytruly  autonomous  vehicles.  the  selfdriving  cars  of  today  are  a  bit  like  teenagers,  teaching  them  communicate  effectively  and  drive  safely  still  requires  a  lot  of  work.  the  process  of  introducing  driverless  cars  to  the  internet  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy things,  including  infrastructure  and  other  vehicles,  is  developing  alongside  new  standards  for  highperformance  connectivity  and  network  security.  the  continuing  advancement  of  lte  networks  leading  up  to  advanced  5g  networks  can  now  provide  the  responsiveness  needed  to  make  selfdriving  cars  a  reality.  once  low  latency  5g  delivers  the  bandwidth  and  resilience  for  realtime  data  communication,  selfdriving  vehicles  will  interact  with  the  world  around  them  in  an  increasingly  sophisticated  manner.  is  an  open,  crossindustry  solution,  but  answers  the  specific  needs  of  driverless  cars  and  the  connected  traffic  ecosystem.  an  example  can  be  seen  in  our  partnership  with  ,who  are  using  iot  accelerator
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  integrate  invehicle  software  with  onboard  sensors  and  cloud  capabilities.  the  economic  benefits  of  autonomous  vehicles  are  clear,  travelling  will  be  easier  and  transport  will  become  streamlined  and  more  profitable.  but  the  biggest  impact  on  our  lives  may  be  the  massive  increase  in  road  safety.  to  err  is  human,  and  today,  up  to  95  of  road  accidents  are  caused  by  drivers  mistakes  and  miscalculations.  by  applying  predictive  models  to  real  time  data,  driverless  cars  will  greatly  reduce  the  impact  of  human  error.  as  part  of  the  ecosystem  that  is  setting  the  standards  for  selfdriving  cars,  we  look  forward  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy day  when  our  roads  are  not  only  more  efficient  and  sustainable,  but  much  more  safe.  ericsson  and  veoneer  are  collaborating  to  build  trust  in  mobility  and  enable  new  automotive  services.  ericsson,  scania  and  the  royal  institute  of  technology  accelerate  autonomous,  connected  transportation  fueled  by  5g.  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson  19942019
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driven  by  analytics,  the  culture  of  the  automobile,  including  conventional  wisdom  about  how  it  should  be  owned  and  driven  is  changing.  case  in  point,  take  the  evolution  of  the  autonomous  vehicle.  already,  the  very  notion  of  what  a  car  is  capable  of  is  being  radically  rethought  based  on  specific  analytics  use  cases,  and  the  definition  of  the  connected  car  is  evolving  daily.  vehicles  can  now  analyse  information  from  drivers  and  passengers  to  provide  insights  into  driving  patterns,  touch  point  preferences,  digital  service  usage,  and  vehicle  condition,  in  virtually  real  time.  this  data  can  be  used  for  a  variety  of  businessdriven
__label__controloptimizationautonomy objectives,  including  new  product  development,  preventive  and  predictive  maintenance,  optimised  marketing,  up  selling,  and  making  data  available  to  third  parties.  its  not  only  powering  the  vehicle  itself,  but  completely  reshaping  the  industry.  by  using  a  myriad  of  sensors  to  inform  decisions  traditionally  made  by  human  operatives,  analytics  is  completely  reprogramming  the  fundamental  areas  of  driving  perception,  decision  making  and  operational  information.  in  this  article,  we  discuss  a  few  of  the  key  analyticsdriven  use  cases  that  we  are  likely  to  see  in  the  future  as  this  category,  ahem  accelerates.  of  course,  in  the  autonomous  vehicle,  the  major  aspect  missing  is  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driver,  traditionally  the  eyes  and  ears  of  the  journey.  replicating  the  human  functions  is  one  of  the  major  ways  in  which  analytics  is  shaping  the  industry.  based  on  a  series  of  sensors,  the  vehicle  gathers  data  on  nearby  objects,  like  their  size  and  rate  of  speed  and  categorises  them  based  on  how  they  are  likely  to  behave.  combined  with  technology  that  is  able  to  build  a  3d  map  of  the  road,  it  helps  it  then  to  form  a  clear  picture  of  its  immediate  surroundings.  now  the  vehicle  can  see,  but  it  requires  analytics  to  react  and  progress  accordingly  taking  into
__label__controloptimizationautonomy account  the  other  means  of  in  the  vicinity,  for  instance.  by  using  data  to  understand  perception,  analytics  is  creating  a  larger  connected  network  of  vehicles  that  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other.  in  making  the  technology  more  and  more  reliable,  selfdriving  vehicles  have  the  potential  to  eventually  become  safer  than  human  drivers  and  replace  those  in  the  not  so  distant  future.  in  fact,  a  little  over  one  year  ago,  two  selfdriving  buses  were  trialed  on  the  public  roads  of  helsinki,  finland,  alongside  traffic  and  commuters.  it  was  the  first  trials  of  its  kind  with  the  easymile  ez10  electric  minibuses,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capable  of  carrying  up  to  12  people.  in  the  autonomous  vehicle,  one  of  the  major  tasks  of  a  machine  learning  algorithm  is  continuous  rendering  of  environment  and  forecasting  the  changes  that  are  possible  to  these  surroundings.  indeed,  the  challenge  facing  autonomous  means  of  transportation  is  not  so  much  capturing  the  world  around  them,  but  making  sense  of  it.  for  example,  a  car  can  tell  when  a  pedestrian  is  ready  to  cross  the  street  by  observing  behavior  over  and  over  again.  algorithms  can  sort  through  what  is  important,  so  that  the  vehicle  will  not  need  to  push  the  brakes  every  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  small  bird  crosses  its  path.  that  is  not  say  we  are  about  to  become  obsolete.  for  the  foreseeable  future,  human  judgement  is  still  critical  and  were  not  at  the  stage  of  abandoning  complex  judgement  calls  to  algorithms.  while  we  are  in  the  process  of  handing  over  anything  that  can  be  automated  with  some  intelligence,  complex  human  judgement  is  still  needed.  as  times  goes  on,  artificial  ai  judgement  will  be  improved  but  the  balance  is  delicate  not  least  because  of  the  clear  and  obvious  concerns  over  safety.  staying  safe  on  the  road  is  understandably  one  of  the  biggest  focuses  when
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  comes  to  automated  means  of  transportation.  a  2017  study  by  deloitte  found  that  threequarters  of  americans  do  not  trust  autonomous  vehicles.  perhaps  this  is  unsurprising  as  trust  in  new  technology  takes  time  it  took  many  years  before  people  lost  fear  of  being  rocketed  through  the  stratosphere  at  500  mph  in  an  aeroplane.  there  can,  and  should,  be  no  limit  to  the  analytics  being  applied  to  every  aspect  of  autonomous  driving  from  the  manufacturers,  to  the  technology  companies,  understanding  each  granular  piece  of  information  is  critical.  but,  it  is  happening.  researchers  at  the  massachusetts  institute  of  technology  are  asking  people
__label__controloptimizationautonomy worldwide  how  they  think  a  robot  car  should  handle  such  lifeordeath  decisions.  its  goal  is  not  just  for  better  algorithms  and  ethical  tenets  to  guide  autonomous  vehicles,  but  to  understand  what  it  will  take  for  society  to  accept  the  vehicles  and  use  them.  another  big  challenge  is  determining  how  long  fully  automated  vehicles  must  be  tested  before  they  can  be  considered  safe.  they  would  need  to  drive  hundreds  of  millions  of  miles  to  acquire  enough  data  to  demonstrate  their  safety  in  terms  of  deaths  or  injuries.  thats  according  to  an  april  2016  report  from  think  tank  rand  corp.  although,  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  month,  a  mere  18  months  since  that  report  was  released,  professor  amnon  shashua,  mobileye  ceo  and  intel  senior  vice  president,  announced  the  company  has  developed  a  mathematical  formula  that  reportedly  ensures  that  a  selfdriving  vehicle  operates  in  a  responsible  manner  and  does  not  cause  accidents  for  which  it  can  be  blamed.  in  many  industries,  such  as  retail,  banking,  aviation,  and  telecoms,  companies  have  long  used  the  data  they  gather  from  customers  and  their  connected  devices  to  improve  products  and  services,  develop  new  offerings,  and  market  more  effectively.  the  automotive  industry  has  not  had  the  frequent  digital  touch  points  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  able  to  do  the  same.  the  connected  vehicle  changes  all  that.  data  is  transforming  the  way  we  think  about  transportation  and  advanced  analytics  has  the  potential  to  make  driving  more  accessible  and  safe,  by  creating  new  insights  to  open  up  new  opportunities  .  as  advanced  analytics  and  ai  become  the  new  paradigm  in  transportation,  the  winners  will  be  those  who  best  interpret  the  information  to  create  responsive,  learning,  and  connected  vehicles  capable  of  making  autonomous  vehicles  as  simple  as  getting  from  a  to  b.  ?  attend  the  events  with  upcoming  shows  in  silicon  valley,  london  and  amsterdam  to  learn
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more.  the  show  is  colocated  with  the  so  you  can  explore  the  entire  ecosystem  in  one  place.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  automotive  center  of  expertise,  think  big  analytics  akihiro  is  focused  on  enabling  companies  in  the  automotive  sector  use  and  analyse  all  of  their  data,  big  or  small,  in  order  to  fuel  innovation  and  improve  the  safety,  reliability  and  comfort  of  their  vehicles.  he  has  worked  in  the  manufacturing  industry  for  over  20  years  in  product  lifecycle  management  for  automotive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  high  technology  companies.  along  the  way,  he  hsd  been  involved  in  the  implementation  of  various  it  projects  including  cloud,  virtualisation  and  software  architecture.  he  is  based  in  japan  where  he  lives  with  his  wife  and  a  young  son.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.  please  follow  this  link  for  our  .  copyright  2019  iot  tech  news.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  driving  systems  enable  driverless  cars  and  selfdriving  vehicles  that  improve  safety  and  peace  of  mind  for  drivers  and  passengers  alike.  an  autonomous  vehicle  is  capable  of  sensing  its  environment  and  navigating  road  scenarios  without  human  input.  virtual  car  key  is  a  digital  solution  which  enable  drivers  to  use  their  smartphone  or  any  other  connected  wearable  to  access  their  car  andstart  it  and  remotely  access  vehicle  information  in  a  secure  way.  no  more  need  for  a  physical  key.  car  sharing  is  a  model  where  people  rent  cars  for  short  periods  of  time,  often  by  the  hour.  car  sharing  users  do
__label__controloptimizationautonomy not  own  the  car  but  share  the  car  with  somebody  else.  vehicle  fleet  management  includes  a  range  of  functions,  such  as  vehicle  financing,  maintenance  or  telematicstracking  and  diagnostics.  it  can  also  include  driver  management,  speed  management,  fuel  management  and  health  and  safety  management  to  improve  safety  and  usage  efficiency.  electric  cars  are  becoming  more  viable  and  with  restrictions  on  emissions  and  an  increasing  number  of  charging  stations  the  electromobility  or  emobility  market  was  created.  emobility  services  refers  to  incar  instant  information  services  related  to  the  electric  car  such  as  finding  a  charging  station.  multimodal  mobility  is  built  on  several  transportation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy modes  which  can  be  public  and/or  private.  it  allows  users  to  save  time  and  efficiently  from  one  place  to  another  combining  various  modes  such  as  car,  subway  and  bike  for  a  single  trip.  your  browser  does  not  support  iframes.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  the  momentum  for  the  realization  of  autonomous  vehicles  in  mainstream  use  is  reaching  critical  mass.  companies  such  as  tesla  and  toyota  are  now  testing  on  the  roads  in  places  like  pittsburgh,  boston,  and  phoenix.  but  while  many  americans  already  had  grave  concerns  surrounding  driverless  cars,  a  recent  fatal  accident  by  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  uber  vehicle  has  many  questioning  if  autonomous  cars  will  ever  be  safe  enough  to  feel  confident  with  them  sharing  our  roads.  still,  with  selfdriving  features  already  in  widespread  use,  it  does  appear  that  fully  autonomous  cars  will  be  appearing  on  our  roads,  and  perhaps  sooner  than  people  realize.  even  more  surprising,  they  will  also  be  considered  much  safer  than  humancontrolled  vehicles.  selfdriving  car  features  are  already  becoming  popular  with  car  makers.  credit:  business  insider  for  autonomous  car  technology  to  be  unlocked,  many  experts  agree  that  largescale  adoption  of  5gthe  nextgeneration  wireless  technologyis  required.  the  current  4g  network  is  fast
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enough  to  online  stream  full  hd  content  and  play  online  games,  but  it  cant  support  safer  and  smarter  .  said  nokias  jane  rygaard  in  a  :  we  need  to  look  at  how  long  it  takes  for  the  message  to  be  transmitted  between  sensors  and  then  get  to  the  computer  in  each  car,  and  then  how  long  it  takes  for  the  computer  to  make  a  decision,  and  all  of  this  has  to  be  in  less  time  than  a  human  would  take  to  make  a  decision2  milliseconds.  we  need  a  network  supporting  this,  and  5g  is  that  network.  the  current  4g  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  simply  not  fast  enough  to  provide  the  capability  to  give  autonomous  vehicles  humanlike  reflexes  that  may  have  prevented  the  uber  vehicle  fatality.  driverless  cars  are  just  one  of  the  many  incredible  technologies  that  are  likely  to  be  ushered  in  with  5g.  virtual  reality  and  artificial  intelligence  are  two  more  examples  of  the  breakthroughs  that  we  can  expect  once  the  data  network  catches  up  with  technological  advancement.  the  wireless  data  network  has  advanced  steadily  over  the  past  30  years,  and  some  lifechanging  technologies  have  been  hot  on  its  heels.  the  modern  evolution  began  in  the  early  80s  with  the  introduction
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  firstgeneration  analog  cellular  system.  though  cell  phones  were  still  relatively  rare,  people  could  finally  talk  to  each  other  on  the  go.  by  the  early  90s,  secondgeneration  and  2.5g  mobile  systems  enabled  people  to  send  text,  but  it  wasnt  until  the  start  of  the  new  millennium  that  people  had  access  to  broadbandspeed  internet  through  3g.  phones  evolved  from  devices  for  making  calls  to  a  tool  for  multifaceted  communication,  entertainment,  shopping,  and  much  more.  4g  is  the  latest  evolution,  and  it  offers  enough  bandwidth  and  speed  to  allow  realtime  information  and  locationsharing.  this  evolvement  enabled  the  sharing  economy  and  helped
__label__controloptimizationautonomy give  birth  to  companies  like  uber  and  lyft.  however,  its  still  not  fast  enough  to  support  technologies  that  require  the  speed  of  human  reflexes.  thats  where  5g  comes  in.  the  fifthgeneration  wireless  technology  is  expected  to  connect  almost  everything  around  us  with  an  ultrafast,  highly  reliable,  and  fully  responsive  network.  5g  will  allow  us  to  leverage  the  full  potential  of  advanced  technologies  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  virtual  reality,  and  the  iot.  selfdriving  cars  use  hundreds  of  sensors  to  make  vehicles  faster  and  smarter.  these  sensors  generate  unprecedented  amounts  of  data,  much  more  than  any  other  iot  adoption  would.  handling,  processing,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  analyzing  this  amount  of  data  requires  a  much  faster  network  than  the  existing  4g  technology.  autonomous  cars,  systems  require  incredible  data  processing  capabilities  and  speeds  needed  to  mimic  the  timing  of  human  reflexes.  according  to  dr.  joy  laskar,  cto  of  maja  systems,  future  autonomous  cars  will  generate  nearly  2  petabits  of  data,  which  is  equivalent  of  2  million  gigabits.  with  an  advanced  wifi  connection,  it  will  take  230  days  to  transfer  a  weekworth  of  data  from  a  selfdriving  car,  and  that  is  why  we  need  much  faster  asic  processing  technology  and  products,  laskar  said.  the  worlds  leading  semiconductor  companies,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  as  intel  and  qualcomm,  are  advancing  toward  an  asics  revolution,  combining  large  available  bandwidth  at  5g  frequencies  with  new  innovative  digital  radio  and  antenna  architectures.  simply  put,  these  companies  are  creating  chips  to  turn  autonomous  vehicles  into  mobile  data  centers,  allowing  driverless  cars  to  make  realtime,  complex  decisions.  market  watchers  say  that  5g,  when  adopted  at  the  full  scale,  will  offer  internet  speeds  up  to  100  times  faster  than  4g.  it  will  present  exciting  possibilities  for  the  automobile  industry  used  for  vehicletovehicle  v2v  and  vehicletoeverything  v2x  connectivity.  furthermore,  the  technologys  low  latency  will  make  these  vehicles  extraordinarily  safe  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reliable  on  the  roadssafer  than  vehicles  today  that  are  operated  by  people.  communication  technology  like  v2v  and  v2x  will  provide  car  connection  to  5g  networks.  credit:  qualcomm  offering  a  range  of  advantages,  edge  computing  is  recognized  by  many  experts  as  one  of  the  latest  significant  enterprise  trends.  edge  computing  refers  to  infrastructure  that  allows  data  processing  as  close  to  the  source  as  possible,  enabling  faster  processing  of  data,  reduced  latency,  and  overall  better  outcomes.  when  it  comes  to  edge  computing,  there  are  many  challenges  in  terms  of  network  reliability.  with  autonomous  cars  comes  the  responsibility  of  managing  the  infrastructure  which
__label__controloptimizationautonomy processes  massive  amounts  of  unstructured  data  and  privacy  protection  when  collecting  sensitive  data  at  the  edge.  will  allow  lightningfast  response  time  because  of  5gs  promise  of  lower  latency  and  ability  to  offload  computing  tasks  and  better  location  awareness.  another  key  reason  why  5g  is  crucial  for  autonomous  cars  is  the  inclusion  of  specific  safety  measures  in  the  vehicle.  for  example,  suppose  a  selfdriving  car  fails  to  navigate  due  to  a  traffic  jam  caused  by  a  road  accident.  the  autopilot  feature  might  hand  the  reins  over  to  the  driver.  however,  it  would  not  be  possible  in  case  of  an  elderly  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  disabled  rider.  for  this  reason,  many  tech  companies  have  been  testing  remote  pilots,  who  are  trained  drivers  sitting  miles  away  in  a  simulator  that  can  take  over  instantly.  however,  to  achieve  it,  a  stable  and  fast  connection  offered  by  5g  would  be  crucial.  additionally,  5g  will  provide  passengers  in  selfdriving  cars  with  highquality  infotainment  services.  it  will  make  communications  service  provider  an  important  partner  for  autonomous  cars,  whether  for  data  analytics,  safety,  or  entertainment  reasons.  further  opportunities  for  5g  technology  to  enhance  selfdriving  car  technology  exist.  these  opportunities  are  yet  to  be  explored  by  regular  examination  of  the  safety
__label__controloptimizationautonomy performance  of  autonomous  vehicles.  if  you  are  concerned  about  driverless  cars  on  the  road,  think  about  the  evolution  of  smartphone  devices  over  the  past  few  decades.  at  one  point,  you  probably  couldnt  even  imagine  being  able  to  make  a  call  to  someone  on  the  other  side  of  the  world  from  a  pocketsized  device.  today,  you  cant  imagine  a  day  without  the  ability  to  connect  to  friends,  family,  and  colleagues  around  the  world  using  your  mobile  phone.  technology  and  network  evolution  bring  incredible  and  useful  advancements  to  society.  5gs  promises  to  bring  safer  and  smarter  selfdriving  cars  would  be  one  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  automotive  industry  is  being  massively  disrupted  by  iot.  auto  giants  like  tesla,  audi,  bmw,  toyota,  and  ford  are  creating  a  future  of  autonomous  vehicles  and  iot  is  making  it  all  possible.  innovative  applications  leveraging  interconnections  between  a  plethora  of  devices  generate  streams  of  data.  analyticsdriven  technologies  like  ai  and  ml  derive  realtime  insights  from  that  data  to  create  a  safe,  secure,  and  pleasurable  driving  experience.  we  develop  the  iot  platforms,  products,  and  applications  that  create  the  connected  ecosystem  the  sector  depends  on.  connected  cars  selfdriving  vehicles  preventive/predictive  maintenance  safety  and  security  realtime  monitoring  invehicle  infotainment  click  here  to  download
__label__controloptimizationautonomy our  enterprise  iot  data  sheet  this  ebook  should  help  you  with  iot  2017  ecosystem,  advancements  in  iot  with  technologies  involved,  industry  challenges  in  iot  implementations,  major  iot  industry  use  cases,  key  iot  players  and  partnerships  with  their  respective  products  and  platforms,  iot  2020  predictions  from  10  global  research  bodies,  iot  investments  landscape  and  future,  and  more  in  this  podcast  you  can  get  more  information  about  the  overview  of  iot  and  industry  4.0  and  calsofts  take  on  it  with  the  help  of  below  topics:  interoperability,  information  transparency,  technical  assistance,  decentralized  decision  calsoft  is  isv  preferred  product  engineering  services  partner  in  storage,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy networking,  virtualization,  cloud,  iot  and  analytics  domains.  our  solution  accelerators  and  frameworks  augment  gotomarket  plans  and  expedite  product  launches  to  meet  customer  business  goals.  with  the  us  headquarters  in  san  jose  and  india  headquarters  in  pune,  calsoft  also  has  a  presence  in  bangalore.  this  site  uses  functional  cookies  and  external  scripts  to  improve  your  experience.  this  site  uses  functional  cookies  and  external  scripts  to  improve  your  experience.  which  cookies  and  scripts  are  used  and  how  they  impact  your  visit  is  specified  on  the  left.  you  may  change  your  settings  at  any  time.  your  choices  will  not  impact  your  visit.  these
__label__controloptimizationautonomy settings  will  only  apply  to  the  browser  and  device  you  are  currently  using.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience.  well  assume  youre  ok  with  this,  but  you  can  optout  if  you  wish.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy credit:  cc  bysa  2.0  by  smoothgroover22  according  to  ,  the  market  for  connected/autonomous  vehicles  cavs  will  grow  to  42  billion  usd  by  2025.  it  is  also  expected  that  by  2020,  will  be  on  the  road  while  there  will  be  more  than  cars  connected  to  hightech  networksdriving  alongside  them.  the  upside  to  this  form  of  transport  is  clearreduced  traffic,  decreased  emissions,  and  perhaps  reclaimed  commuting  time  for  users,  and  most  importantly,  the  potential  for  safer  roadways.  tormod  larsen  tells  wireless  week  that  there  are  three  types  of  integrated  systems  within  autonomous  vehicles,  .  missioncritical  systems  are  the  main  operational  components  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  carthe  ignition,  the  engine,  and  the  mechanisms  responsible  for  steering  and  breaking.  the  iot  components  include  sensors  that  provide  diagnostic  or  performance  information  to  the  mechanical  systems  and  the  end  user.  finally,  infotainment  may  include  music  or  video  streaming,  and  other  connected  user  activities.  though  the  last  one  on  the  list  may  simply  enhance  a  passengers  experience.  the  first  two  are  crucial  and  guarantee  the  safety  of  the  passenger  and  other  cars  on  the  road.  everything  works  by  .  a  static  gps  alone  for  car  routing  would  not  be  effective,  because  roadways  are  dynamic  and  constantly  changing.  the  sensors
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  radar  fill  in  the  missing  pieces  to  provide  a  fully  threedimensional  responsive  map.  because  of  this  interdependency,  sensors  are  integral  to  the  functionality  of  selfdriving  cars.  light  detection  and  ranging  sensors  use  pulsed  laser  light  to  bounce  off  a  target  and  then  measure  its  distance.  these  sensors  can  be  effective  in  some  use  cases,  but  backup  is  needed.  ,  a  silicon  valley  startup,  has  developed  a  prototype  that  measures  distance  and  captures  speed.  while  there  are  still  policy  and  safety  considerations  that  must  be  addressed  before  selfdriving  cars  travel  our  highways  and  small  town  roads,  right  now  the  biggest
__label__controloptimizationautonomy constraint  to  autonomous  adoption  is  technical.  and  network  latency  is  the  top  technical  concern.  network  latency  is  different  from  bandwidth;  it  is  the  time  delay  between  sending  information  from  one  point  to  the  next.  though  current  4g  has  a  latency  of  50  ms,  its  not  low  enough  to  account  for  splitsecond  responses  needed  in  passenger  vehicles.  latency  is  usually  estimated  as  a  round  trip  delaycalculating  how  long  will  it  take  one  system  module  to  send  a  message  and  then  receive  confirmation  of  receipt  from  another  system  module  before  it  is  able  to  send  more  information.  so  the  measure  of  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy networks  roundtrip  delay  is  an  important  factor  when  thinking  about  timing.  though  in  most  cases  the  best  way  to  reduce  network  latency  may  be  to  use  a  wired  connection.  however,  it  isnt  feasible  in  situations  where  reliable  wireless  connectivity  is  required,  like  autonomous  vehicles.  so  instead  the  challenge  is  to  ensure  a  reliable  and  robust  communication  network  as  we  move  into  the  future.  like  standard  vehicles  where  a  faulty  emissions  system  may  trigger  a  notification  sensor  on  the  dashboard,  autonomous  vehicles  both  generate  and  transmit  information.  but  the  information  that  they  generate  and  transmit  doesnt  just  stay  within  the  car.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  vehicles  are  in  constant  communication  with  networks  and  maybe  even  with  other  vehicles.  our  current  communication  networks  do  not  have  the  bandwidth  or  the  latency  to  support  such  a  reality.  thus,  the  movement  to  make  selfdriving  cars  an  everyday  presence  on  the  roadways  must  first  realize  a  necessary  transformation  to  the  united  states  internet  infrastructure.  to  support  this  initiative,  in  research  and  development  funding.  in  spectrum  for  a  system  called  dedicated  shortrange  communication  dsrc.  this  space  was  identified  in  a  forward  thinking  moveto  be  used  by  intelligent  transportation  solutions  in  the  future.  nearly  two  decades  later  it  has  seen
__label__controloptimizationautonomy little  use,  but  that  may  soon  change  as  the  limitations  of  4g  become  more  apparent.  internet  access  is  plentiful  in  urban  and  more  denselypopulated  areas  but  it  is  less  so  in  rural  areaswhich  accounts  for  much  of  the  landscape,  at  least  in  the  u.s.  given  that,  there  has  to  be  a  way  for  autonomous  vehicles  to  talk  to  each  other  when  internet  connectivity  is  lost.  one  possible  solution  for  this  is  to  use  mesh  networks,  an  interconnected  system  of  nodes,  bridges,  and  routers  that  are  both  wired  and  wireless.  gopher  protocols  new  research  division  has  been  testing  its  mesh  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tracking  technology  on  autonomous  vehicles,  and  has  shown  early  promise.  while  its  too  early  to  tell  if  speedy  5g  will  be  the  answer,  it  has  this  potential:  an  increased  number  of  connections  allowed  at  any  one  time  100  billion;  low  latency  1  ms,  compared  to  current  4g  50ms;  and  high  throughput  10  gbps.  but  speed  isnt  the  only  considerationreliability  is  just  as  important.  to  avoid  overburdening  crowded  networks,  companies  will  likely  have  to  rely  on  hybrid  networks  that  combine  a  variety  of  methods,  including  which  allows  data  that  needs  to  be  acted  upon  locally  to  be  processed  at  the  source.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  autonomous  driving  continues  down  the  road  to  reality,  these  companies  are  fueling  the  movement.  by  topic:  this  ebook,  based  on  the  latest  zdnet  /  techrepublic  special  feature,  examines  how  driverless  cars,  trucks,  semis,  delivery  vehicles,  drones,  and  other  uavs  are  poised  to  unleash  a  new  level  of  automation  in  the  enterprise.  imagine:  after  a  long  flight  home  from  a  conference,  you  walk  outside  to  the  airports  ground  transportation  and  are  met  by  an  airport  shuttle,  which  takes  you  directly  to  your  car.  heres  the  plot  twist:  the  shuttle  is  operating  without  a  human  driver.  this  hypothetical  scenario  will  most
__label__controloptimizationautonomy likely  become  reality  within  the  next  five  years,  said  bryant  walker  smith,  a  university  of  south  carolina  law  professor  who  studies  autonomous  vehicles.  at  the  societal  level,  selfdriving  cars  have  the  potential  to  save  millions  of  lives,  reshape  our  cities,  reduce  emissions,  give  back  billions  of  hours  of  time  and  restore  freedom  of  movement,  said  mo  elshenawy,  vice  president  of  engineering  at  gm  cruise.  at  the  individual  level,  we  believe  selfdriving  cars  will  deliver  safer,  more  convenient,  more  affordable,  and  more  accessible  transportation.  autonomous,  or  selfdriving,  vehicles  have  been  talked  about  for  years,  if  not  decades,  according  to  smith.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reality  of  automated  driving  is  that,  from  the  1930s  onward,  it  was  always  20  years  away:  in  the  30s  they  would  appear  by  50s,  and  the  50s  by  the  70s  and  the  90s  to  today.  but  in  early  2010,  it  shifted  to  being  about  five  years  away  consistently,  and  even  today  its  still  about  five  years  away,  he  said.  this  timeline  shift  is  largely  due  to  the  rise  of  machine  learning  and  internet  of  things  iot  technology,  particularly  sensors.  ,  which  helps  the  automobiles  understand  their  changing  surroundings,  read  traffic  conditions,  and  detect  operational  issues.  however,  iot  and  machine  learning
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  has  its  limitations  in  the  autonomous  vehicle  realm.  iot  innovations  have  made  a  reality  and  ,  causing  ,  but  the  widespread  deployment  of  ,  said  nick  twork,  senior  communications  counsel  at  argo  ai.  most  major  autonomous  vehicle  companies  have  carried  out  successful  tests,  but  many  autonomous  vehicles  ,  he  said.  the  technology  is  not  done.  its  not  ready  for  commercial  applications,  twork  said.  the  technology  simply  does  not  yet  exist  to  support  completely  autonomous  vehicles,  which  can  navigate  highways,  congested  metroplexes,  or  harsh  driving  conditions.  michael  ramsey,  senior  research  director  of  automotive  and  smart  mobility  at  gartner,  said  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  next  few  years,  we  are  realistically  more  likely  to  see  shuttles  and  semipublic  transportation  in  the  form  of  slowmoving,  grannylike  vehicles  that  are  operating  in  cities  and  dense  urban  areas.  it  may  be  that  they  operate  in  protected  or  semifixed  routes  for  some  time  to  come.  along  with  technological  limitations,  safety  is  another  major  barrier  to  both  development  and  public  adoption.  delivering  selfdriving  cars  at  scale  isnt  just  about  winning  the  tech  race,  its  about  winning  the  tech  race  and  the  trust  race,  elshenawy  said.  when  youre  working  on  largescale  deployment  of  missioncritical  safety  systems,  the  mindset  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy move  fast  and  break  things  doesnt  cut  it.  while  fully  autonomous  vehicles  still  have  a  long  road  ahead  of  them,  some  companies  are  using  available  technology  to  make  waves  in  the  industry.  there  are  numerous  autonomous  vehicle  organizations,  but  some  stand  out  more  than  others.  based  on  empirical  data  and  public  statements  made  by  various  companies,  a  semiconsensus  exists  in  the  autonomous  driving  community  as  to  which  companies  are  the  most  advanced,  said  gartners  ramsey.  these  include  waymo,  gm  cruise,  and  argo  ai.  is  by  far  the  most  recognized  leader  in  the  area.  theyve  been  doing  it  longer  than  anyone
__label__controloptimizationautonomy else.  their  fleet  is  significantly  larger  than  any  other  companys,  ramsey  said.  they  very  recently  announced  to  consumers  on  that  theyre  going  to  start  launching  actual  autonomous  rides,  which  is  a  significant  step  forward.  i  dont  think  anyone  else  is  that  close  to  being  able  to  physically  take  the  engineer  out.  waymo  used  phoenix,  arizona,  as  the  site  for  testing  waymo  one,  a  selfdriving  taxi  service.  these  tests  all  had  a  ,  but  a  recent  claiming  that  completely  autonomous  rides  were  on  the  horizon.  ,  but  its  unclear  whether  these  rides  will  become  mainstream.  regardless,  the  prospect  is  the  most
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advanced  gesture  yet  from  an  autonomous  vehicle  company.  according  to  waymo,  the  selfdriving  sensor  suite  consists  of  lidar,  cameras,  and  radar,  as  well  as  microphones  to  detect  sounds  such  as  sirens.  like  a  persons  own  five  senses,  waymos  selfdriving  technology  is  more  powerful  as  a  whole  than  the  sum  of  its  parts;  each  sensor  complements  the  others.  waymo  began  developing  its  own  hardware  and  sensors  inhouse  in  2011  when  it  found  nothing  else  on  the  market  provided  the  functionality  that  would  enable  levelfour  vehicles  and  fully  driverless  cars,  the  company  said.  a  level  four  vehicle  refers  to  a  simple  driverless
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vehicle,  similar  to  the  earlier  airport  shuttle  example,  which  can  operate  at  slower  speeds  and  within  certain  parameters,  said  smith.  there  are  ,  which  help  discern  how  autonomous  a  certain  vehicle  is,  ranging  from  a  driverassistance  level  one,  to  a  fully  autonomous  level  five.  waymo  is  pretty  unambiguously  the  leader,  smith  noted,  as  the  company  has  come  closest  to  producing  a  level  five  automobile  than  any  other  company.  gm  cruise  is  in  a  pretty  good  position,  smith  said.  a  general  motors  subsidiary,  cruise  is  also  a  big  name  in  the  autonomous  vehicle  game.  with  ,  gm  cruise  has  a  significant
__label__controloptimizationautonomy number  of  vehicles  on  the  road:  180  vehicles  in  testing,  which  is  by  far  the  second  largest  number  of  vehicles  in  testing,  said  ramsey.  theyve  been  very  ambitious  about  their  timeline  for  launching.  perhaps  a  little  too  ambitious,  from  late  2019  to  early  2020,  zdnet  reported.  the  selfdriving  cars  the  company  has  produced,  however,  are  advanced.  each  of  our  selfdriving  cars  has  been  built  from  the  groundup,  elshenawy  said.  the  chevy  bolts  may  look  like  a  regular  retail  model  on  the  outside,  but  under  the  hood,  40  of  its  parts  have  been  altered  to  facilitate  autonomous  driving,  he  said.  unlike
__label__controloptimizationautonomy other  autonomous  vehicle  companies,  being  deeply  integrated  with  one  of  the  worlds  largest  automakers  like  general  motors  positions  cruise  to  manufacture  selfdriving  cars  on  an  assembly  line  in  orion,  michigan,  which  is  capable  of  producing  hundreds  of  thousands  of  vehicles  per  year,  elshenawy  continued.  the  cruise  vehicles  use  machine  learning  techniques,  cloudbased  tools,  and  iot  sensors  to  gather  data  about  their  surroundings  and  make  intelligent  decisions  based  on  that  insight.  a  newer  creation,  argo  ai  has  a  very  significant  footprint  and  growing  footprint  in  the  united  states  with  the  number  of  cities  that  they  are  testing  in,  and  also,  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  recent  partnership  with  volkswagen,  i  think  they  have  the  potential  to  kind  of  take  a  leadership  position,  ramsey  said.  is  an  independent  company  that  started  in  2017,  with  a  1  billion  investment  from  ford  motor  company,  twork  explained.  volkswagen  only  recently  joined  the  partnership,  which  is  still  undergoing  regulatory  review,  investing  another  2.6  billion,  he  added.  argo  ai  specializes  in  a  different  platform  than  its  competitors  in  that  it  isnt  striving  to  develop  a  car  or  operate  a  service.  rather,  the  companys  goal  is  to  develop  the  selfdriving  system.  the  vehicles  that  are  being  used  are  ford  fusions,  but
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thats  not  necessarily  the  intent  of  what  the  final  product  will  be  its  obviously  up  to  ford  to  decide  which  vehicles  they  want  to  use,  twork  noted.  whats  unique  about  argo  is  that  were  developing  the  selfdriving  system.  we  are  not  developing  a  car,  were  not  going  to  be  the  operators  of  the  services.  thats  something  that  our  partners  will  be  doing  on  their  own  or  in  conjunction  with  other  partners  potentially.  the  benefit  of  close  partnerships  with  car  manufacturers  is  that  argo  ai  is  able  to  focus  on  the  technology,  developing  it  at  a  much  deeper  level,  twork  said.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  outside  of  argo  aiequipped  vehicles  have  a  combination  of  sensors  lidars,  radars,  and  cameras.  the  lidar  is  used  to  locate  the  distance  of  objects,  and  cameras  help  with  depth  perception,  twork  explained.  two  people  are  in  all  of  argo  ais  vehicles  at  all  times,  in  case  the  vehicle  needs  intervention  from  a  driver,  twork  added.  the  second  person  is  there  to  help  take  notes  on  the  cars  functionality  and  behavior,  locating  areas  in  which  the  software  can  be  improved.  in  a  very  short  period  of  time,  weve  been  able  to  basically  put  the  system  at  a  level  of  maturity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy far  beyond  what  other  companies  of  our  age  have  been  able  to  do,  he  claimed.  while  completely  autonomous  vehicles  wont  become  mainstream  in  the  next  few  years,  waymo,  gm  cruise,  and  argo  ai  are  making  significant  advances  in  the  driverless  car  market.  as  iot  technology  continues  to  improve,  strides  toward  fully  autonomous  vehicles  are  sure  to  follow.  for  more,  check  out  on  zdnet.  by  topic:  robotics  innovation  innovation  innovation  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sorry,  your  browser  is  not  supported.  we  recommend  processor  ip  for  the  widest  range  of  devicesfrom  sensors  to  servers.  machine  learning  processors  for  highest  throughput  and  efficiency  graphics  processors  that  offer  a  complete  multimedia  solution  for  soc.  solutions  for  the  efficient  implementation  of  complex  soc  designs.  lowpower,  lowvoltage  solutions  for  wpan  and  lpwan.  perfect  for  highefficiency  iot  endpoints  or  a  highperformance  server  soc.  security  ip  designed  to  protect  against  a  variety  of  different  vulnerabilities.  the  pelion  iot  platform  is  a  flexible,  secure,  and  efficient  foundation  spanning  connectivity,  device,  and  data  management.  opensource  embedded  operating  system  ideal  for  iot  connected  products.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tools  to  accelerate  time  to  security  for  soc  designers,  device  makers,  and  developers.  build  and  remotely  provision  sim,  esim  and  isim.  created  by  arm  architecture  experts,  our  development  tools  are  designed  to  accelerate  product  engineering  from  soc  architecture  to  software  application  development.  arm  flexible  access  provides  quick,  easy,  and  unlimited  access  to  a  wide  range  of  ip,  tools  and  support  to  evaluate  and  fully  design  solutions.  transform  lives  through  machine  learning  solutions.  compute  power  built  into  everyday  objects  and  physical  systems.  security  for  billions  of  devices  through  arm  technologies.  connect  anything  anywhere  with  faster,  lowlatency  5g  networks.  autonomous  driving  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  next  frontier  for  car  manufacturers.  leverages  iot  for  insights  into  shopper  engagements  to  improve  customer  experience.  technology  that  brings  endtoend  visibility  for  transport  goods.  transform  cities  to  be  more  responsive  to  events  and  changes.  modernize  indoor  space  operations  using  iot  devices  to  realize  significant  savings.  the  power  of  home  automation  through  alwayson  iot  devices.  improve  healthcare  with  proactive,  and  advanced  treatment  solutions.  power  to  meet  the  growing  needs  of  hdd  ssd  storage  applications.  industrial  and  operational  practices  become  increasing  efficient  with  connected  iot  devices.  secure,  flexible  processing  for  wearable  electronics  with  small  silicon  footprint.  data  management  for  the  spectrum
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  critical  infrastructure  for  iot  utilities.  mobile  technology  for  alwayson,  alwaysconnected  devices  with  ai.  iot,  cloud  and  5g  are  driving  the  transformation  from  datacenter  to  devices.  arm  enables  a  world  of  a  trillion  connected  devices.  arm  helps  enterprises  secure  devices  from  chip  to  cloud.  arm  provides  proven  ip  and  the  industrys  most  robust  soc  development  resources.  start  your  concepttocompute  journey  with  arm  processor  designs  and  rich  development  resources.  learn  about  real  life  stories  and  the  triumphs  that  imagination,  tenacity  and  arm  technology  work  together  to  create.  arm  executives  and  influencers  bring  insights  and  opinions  from  the  worlds  largest  compute  ecosystem.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy partnership  opportunities  with  arm  range  from  device  chip  designs  to  managing  these  devices.  arm  architecture  enables  our  partners  to  build  their  products  in  an  efficient,  affordable,  and  secure  way.  arm  technologies  continuously  evolve  to  ensure  intelligence  is  at  the  core  of  a  secure  and  connected  digital  world.  arm  is  rapidly  advancing  iot  technologies  through  the  design  and  development  of  the  integral  platforms,  sensors,  and  subsystems  that  drive  iot  performance.  arm  provides  a  chance  for  kids  to  talk  to  tech  leaders  and  help  shape  how  technology  should  be  built  for  their  future.  share  your  technology  story  for  a  chance  to  win.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy arm  offers  a  range  of  expert  professional  support  and  services  options,  to  give  you  the  help  you  need,  when  you  need  it.  our  experts  help  you  achieve  your  design  goals  with  advice  and  debug  assistance  throughout  your  support  contract.  various  physical  implementation  and  cryptocell  security  services  to  help  you  throughout  the  design  process.  arm  approved  program  enables  our  ecosystem  partners  to  support  you  in  specific  technologies.  the  selfservice  arm  community  and  documentation  help  you  stay  informed,  learn  more,  and  ask  and  answer  questions.  arm  design  reviews  and  consultancy  will  help  you  optimize  your  arm  system  on  chip  soc  designs  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy implementation  using  advice  from  the  most  experienced  arm  engineers  in  the  industry.  learn  about  arm  technology  directly  from  the  experts,  with  facetoface  and  online  training  options.  technical  resources  for  arm  products,  services,  architecture,  and  technologies.  get  the  latest  news  on  arm  products  and  solutions.  a  dedicated  website  for  mbed  os  developers  and  the  mbed  forum  for  detailed  discussions.  latest  updates  from  the  device  management  forum  and  access  to  documentation  and  other  resources.  arm  education  comprises  of  the  arm  university  program,  arm  education  media  and  the  arm  school  program.  arm  education  books  appeal  to  students  and  learners  as  they  progress  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy novices  to  experts  in  armbased  system  design.  arm  research  program  supports  academic  and  industrial  researchers  across  a  wide  range  of  disciplines.  fast,  simple,  norisk  access  to  build  your  soc  using  the  worlds  most  proven  ip.  arm  pelion  iot  platform  delivers  flexible,  secure  and  efficient  devicetodata  solution  for  iot.  our  business  is  foundational  technology.  our  leaders  are  the  foundation  we  build  on.  join  the  team  with  the  skills  and  talent  to  make  billions  of  lives  better.  get  the  latest  news  on  arm  and  our  product  and  services.  visit  arm  at  tradeshows,  seminars,  workshops,  webinar  and  technical  symposia.  an  overview  of  arm
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  and  financial  summary  based  on  arm  performance.  website  terms  and  policies.  the  foundation  of  our  compliance  program  and  a  valuable  source  of  information  for  everyone  at  arm  to  be  familiar  with.  see  how  arm  creates  positive  change  at  scale  through  people,  innovation,  investment,  and  leadership.  arm  adheres  to  section  54  of  the  uk  modern  slavery  act  2015.  110  fulbourn  road  cambridge,  uk  cb1  9nj  tel:  44  1223  400  400  fax:  441223  400  410  arm  executives  and  influencers  bring  insights  and  opinions  from  the  worlds  largest  compute  ecosystem.  arm  works  closely  with  the  automotive  industry  to  understand  the  challenges  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy delivering  autonomous  vehicles  and  has  developed  new  solutions  to  help  power  the  production  of  fully  autonomous  vehicles  at  scale.  this  guide  is  packed  with  information,  including:  reliability,  manufacturing,  and  broad  safety  and  security  challenges  stand  in  the  way  of  moving  autonomous  cars  from  prototype  to  production.  for  the  industry  to  achieve  level  4  /  5  autonomous  that  is  truly  deployable  at  scale,  automotive  solutions  require  an  exponential  advance  in  power,  cost,  efficiency  and  most  importantly,  safety.  join  us  for  an  in  depth  review  about  the  forrester  survey  from  prototype  to  production  on  autonomous  vehicle  technology.  the  arm  safety  ready  program
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  a  collection  of  products  across  the  arm  portfolio  that  have  been  through  various  and  rigorous  levels  of  functional  safety  systematic  flows  and  development.  it  includes  our  latest  collection  of  automotive  enhanced  ip  specifically  designed  for  automotive  applications.  customers  can  be  confident  that  they  are  receiving  reliable  functional  safety  through  consistent  documentation,  processes,  and  features.  the  arm  safety  ready  program  helps  reduce  risk  and  accelerate  time  to  market  while  fasttracking  the  projects  certification  phase.  brodmann17s  patented  technology  provides  the  next  generation  of  perception  for  automated  driving  solutions.  their  revolutionary  deep  neural  network  dnn  architecture  requires  only  a  fraction  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy usual  computing  power  and  can  run  highlyaccurate  computer  vision  on  lowpower  arm  processors,  ideal  for  mass  production.  arms  automotive  enhanced  cpus,  part  of  the  arm  safety  ready  portfolio,  are  an  excellent  baseline  for  the  brodmann17  software  and  this  synergy  provides  scalable  robust  perception.  discover  how  tuxera  develop  fast,  secure  file  systems  for  autonomous  vehicles  using  arm  technology.  discover  how  virtual  open  systems  is  enabling  safetycritical  virtualization  in  all  types  of  vehicle,  providing  a  solution  that  maximizes  performance,  security,  scalability  and  openness.  read  how  disti  is  providing  software  developers  and  ui/ux  designers  a  graphical  user  interface  ui  development  tool  that  specializes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  highperformance,  reliability,  rapid  time  to  market  and  functional  safety.  automotive  enhanced  ae  means  that  the  arm  solution  is  uniquely  designed  for  automotive  applications  with  attributes  targeting  specific  automotive  use  cases.  the  cortexa76ae  is  based  on  the  cortexa76  design.  it  is  a  superscalar,  outoforder  processor  that  delivers  similar  levels  of  performance  as  the  cortexa76  across  integer,  floating  point,  memory,  and  machine  learning,  and  achieves  similar  levels  of  energy  efficiency.  the  cortexa76ae  differs  in  microarchitectural  upgrades  for  functional  safety  and  added  application  flexibility.  the  arm  cortexa65ae  offers  multithreaded  automotive  enhanced  cortexa  cpu  technology  to  deliver  the  highest  safety  levels  with  dual
__label__controloptimizationautonomy core  lockstep  dcls.  it  scales  up  to  eight  cores  in  a  single  cluster  and  supports  splitlock  for  mixedcriticality  automotive  applications.  the  thermally  efficient  cortexa65ae  is  designed  for  highthroughput  workloads,  such  as  sensor  fusion  in  autonomous  driving  and  vision  in  adas.  learn  more  about  how  arm  technology  can  power  the  entire  connected  autonomous  vehicle.  arm  partners  offer  technologies  to  service  the  compute  needs  of  the  whole  car,  including  advanced  driver  assistance  and  autonomous  systems.  these  partners  provide  facilitate  the  efficient  development  of  automotive  solutions  with  silicon  and  software  products.  we  will  process  your  information  in  accordance  with  our  .  this  section
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  blocked  in  your  country  important  information  for  the  arm  website.  this  site  uses  cookies  to  store  information  on  your  computer.  by  continuing  to  use  our  site,  you  consent  to  our  cookies.  if  you  are  not  happy  with  the  use  of  these  cookies,  please  review  our  to  learn  how  they  can  be  disabled.  by  disabling  cookies,  some  features  of  the  site  will  not  work.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design  news  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  serving  the  21st  century  design  engineer  the  complexity  and  sophistication  of  manufacturing  machines  is  obviously  much  more  complex  than  the  autonomous  car,  so  its  not  a  big  surprise  to  automation  engineers  that  the  basics  of  developing  these  vehicles  isnt  a  huge  technological  leap.  in  a  recent  white  paper  entitled  the  ,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realtime  innovations  ceo  stan  schneider  commented  that  intelligent  vehicles  are  really  complex  distributed  systems  combining  sensors  for  vision,  radar,  lidar,  proximity  sensors,  gps,  mapping,  navigation,  planning,  and  control.  his  conclusion:  an  autonomous  car  is  more  a  robot  on  wheels  than  it  is  a  car.  whats  interesting  is  how  new  data  and  networking  technology  is  evolving  with  the  need  for  distributed  systems  that  must  share  information  to  be  effective.  i  think  this  is  precisely  the  primary  hurdle  that  the  iot  must  overcome  to  deliver  on  its  immense  promise  and  separate  it  from  the  networking  technology  deployed  in  the  recent  past.  what
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  the  secret  sauce  of  autonomous  cars?  schneider  writes  that  it  is  simply,  system  components  that  can  interact  through  data  flow.  the  illustration  above  shows  the  basics  of  datacentric  communications  and  its  impact  on  the  connected  car.  a  databus  can  link  any  language,  device  or  transport,  automatically  discovering  information  sources,  understanding  data  type,  and  communicating  them  to  participants.  it  potentially  scales  across  millions  of  data  paths,  enforces  millisecond  timing,  ensures  reliability,  supports  redundancy,  and  selectively  filters  information.  each  path  can  be  unicast,  multicast,  open  data,  or  fully  secure.  in  the  diagram,  a  perception  system  tracking  many  objects  will  send  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy those  close  to,  and  approaching,  the  vehicle.  although  the  perception  system  can  update  at  100hz,  the  receiver  only  needs  it  at  10hz.  source:  realtime  innovations  inc.  in  the  ,  he  writes:  datacentric  connectivity  was  originally  developed  for  autonomous  systems.  unlike  messaging  technologies,  it  directly  controls  data  interactions.  it  removes  all  of  the  complexity  of  managing  data  communications  from  components.  it  excels  at  highly  reliable,  complex  system  integration.  it  is  fully  standardized,  proven  in  hundreds  of  industrial  systems,  and  already  controlling  many  autonomous  planes,  robots,  submarines,  and  cars.  most  of  us  agree  that  the  car  of  the  future  will  be  connected.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufacturers  will  monitor  data  in  real  time  for  safety  and  reliability  purposes,  and  vehicles  will  communicate  to  create  an  increasingly  smart  roadway  infrastructure.  the  convergence  of  the  iot,  sophisticated  new  sensor  and  telematics  systems,  cloud  computing,  and  big  data  analytics  will  give  automakers  access  to  new  streams  of  realtime  data  from  vehicles,  and  valuable  insight  into  both  products  and  consumers.  design  news  according  to  nitin  rakesh,  ceo  and  president  of  syntel,  manufacturers  are  still  scratching  the  surface  of  the  potential  for  this  technology,  and  the  ability  to  efficiently  handle,  store,  and  interpret  massive  amounts  of  vehicle  data  is  the  key
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  success.  by  leveraging  tools  including  the  companys  syntbots  automation  platform,  syntel  enables  manufacturers  to  quickly  move  to  more  efficient,  scalable  big  data  systems,  which  has  the  potential  to  improve  performance  while  reducing  maintenance  and  support  costs  by  as  much  as  30.  the  results,  according  to  rakesh,  are  higher  quality  products,  greater  customer  satisfaction,  and  the  ability  to  create  real  value  from  this  data.  cars  are  increasingly  becoming  mobile  technology  hubs,  and  digital  features  are  no  longer  just  a  fancy  option,  but  an  integral  part  of  the  vehicle  itself,  he  said.  connected  cars  can  send  manufacturers  valuable  performance  data  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enables  them  to  recognize  patterns  and  apply  predictive  analytics  to  detect  faults  or  breakdowns  before  they  occur.  if  connectivity  is  the  key  to  success  for  both  autonomous  cars  and  complex  robotic  systems,  its  obvious  that  mastering  datacentric  connectivity  in  applications  is  the  final  step.  in  the  world  of  automation  and  control,  2017  will  see  many  new  iot  networking  strategies  move  from  the  idea  stage  to  implementation.  but  for  data  to  feed  new  distributed  iot  systems,  a  new  generation  of  software  solution  will  need  to  continue  to  emerge  that  effectively  tie  components  together.  al  presher  is  a  veteran  contributing  writer  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design  news  ,  covering  automation  and  control,  motion  control,  power  transmission,  robotics,  and  fluid  power.  the  continuing  education  center  offers  engineers  an  entirely  new  way  to  get  the  education  they  need  to  formulate  nextgeneration  solutions.  focus  on  fundamentals  consists  of  45minute  online  classes  that  cover  a  host  of  technologies.  you  learn  without  leaving  the  comfort  of  your  desk.  all  classes  are  taught  by  subjectmatter  experts  and  all  are  archived.  so  if  you  cant  attend  live,  attend  at  your  convenience.  recommended  reading  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  is  becoming  more  common  in  our  daily  lives.  from  smart  fridges  that  can  remind  you  when  youre  out  of  something  to  smart  garage  door  openers  that  allow  you  to  open  and  close  your  door  remotely,  networked  devices  show  up  nearly  everywhere.  even  the  accessories  in  your  car  from  the  onboard  wifi  to  the  entertainment  center  that  can  tell  you  where  to  go  while  youre  on  the  road  are  considered  part  of  the  internet  of  things.  as  more  iot  devices  are  being  introduced  in  the  automotive  industry,  its  possible  that  it  could,  in  the  end,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lead  to  the  adoption  of  fully  driverless  cars.  levels  of  automation  first,  lets  take  a  closer  look  at  and  what  it  takes  to  make  a  driverless  car.  automation  is  separated  into  six  levels  from  0  to  5:  how  will  the  internet  of  things  give  one  or  more  of  these  manufacturers  an  edge  and  help  them  become  the  first  to  create  a  massmarketable  selfdriving  vehicle?  the  core  of  the  internet  of  things  is  connectivity.  iot  devices  are  connected  to  one  another  and  able  to  exchange  information  instantly.  driverless  cars  will  need  to  be  connected  to  ensure  they  can  navigate  the  world
__label__controloptimizationautonomy safely.  things  like  will  be  necessary  to  let  these  vehicles  adapt  to  changing  road  conditions.  just  take  a  look  at  antennas.  even  the  oldest  cars  on  the  road  have  one  antenna  that  can  receive  am  and  fm  radio  signals.  newer  cars  have  ones  that  capture  and  transmit  wireless  and  cellular  signals,  as  well.  for  driverless  cars,  this  iot  technology  will  need  to  take  this  connectivity  to  the  next  level,  allowing  the  vehicles  to  connect  remotely  to  the  update  servers  and  one  another  on  the  road.  in  addition  to  keeping  the  software  in  the  cars  updated,  this  intervehicle  communication  will  improve
__label__controloptimizationautonomy traffic  congestion.  if  enough  of  these  cars  are  on  the  road,  it  could  even  eliminate  the  need  for  traffic  signals.  the  most  critical  factor  involved  with  iot  and  selfdriving  cars  is  safety,  and  that  is  proving  to  be  the  biggest  challenge  for  many  car  manufacturers.  the  introduction  of  the  internet  of  things  into  the  world  of  selfdriving  vehicles  may  hit  the  accelerator  on  the  race  to  being  the  first  company  to  create  selfdriving  cars.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  zzzatitlezzzend  autonomous  vehicle  testing  permit  brings  company  closer  to  full  vehicle  autonomy  on  the  roads  we  spoke  with  christopher  bonanti,  who  served  as  a  senior
__label__controloptimizationautonomy executive  at  the  national  highway  traffic  safety  administration  and  in  leadership  roles  at  s  the  latest  figures  provided  by  the  global  research  firm  trendforce  reportedly  show  that  car  sales  in  the  us  for  2019  are  projected  to  slide  by  3  perce  bestmile  announced  it  has  raised  16.5  million  in  a  series  b  round  and  has  strengthened  its  leadership  to  accelerate  its  growth.  yokohama,  japan  research  center  will  focus  on  new  business  development  for  iot,  ai,  robotics,  and  autonomous  vehicles  sing  up  to  receive  our  updates  and  other  iot  evolution  news  2019  all  rights  reserved
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  autonomous  car  is  a  fancy  way  of  saying  a  selfdriving  car  or  driverless  car  an  autonomous  car  is  a  fancy  way  of  saying  a  selfdriving  car  or  driverless  car.  essentially,  these  cars  can  drive  themselves  without  the  driver  having  to  do  anything  no  more  steering,  checking  blind  spots,  staying  between  the  lines,  parking,  or  changing  lanes  on  your  own  the  car  will  do  everything  for  you.  major  car  companies  like  toyota,  volvo,  tesla,  and  ford  are  just  a  few  examples  of  some  car  companies  that  are  working  towards  bringing  fully  autonomous  cars  to  the  mass  market.  tesla  already  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  car  with  a  selfdriving  mode  for  their  vehicles.  selfdriving  cars  work  through  a  simple,  yet  highly  complex  system  using  the  internet  of  things.  the  iot  allows  devices  to  be  connected  wirelessly  to  a  cloud  system.  so  for  instance,  the  car  is  coupled  with  an  iotbased  technology  system  that  shares  information  on  the  road  the  car  is  driving  on  and  the  vehicle  itself  when  it  is  moving.  an  insurmountable  amount  of  information  regarding  traffic,  roads,  navigation,  and  more  is  gathered  by  these  systems  and  analyzed  by  the  cars  computer  systems  so  it  can  drive  on  its  own.  hopefully,  driverless  cars
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  be  safer  than  traditional  cars.  car  accidents,  traffic,  and  poor  driving  abilities  are  all  linked  to  human  error  and  emotion.  theoretically,  taking  human  error  and  emotion  out  of  driving  eliminates  crashes  and  accidents  caused  the  human  driving  the  vehicle.  a  computer  system  will  constantly  take  in  all  driving  conditions,  like  the  environment  and  other  cars,  at  a  rate  at  which  the  human  mind  is  not  capable  of.  additionally,  the  driver  can  make  and  receive  calls  and  texts,  use  social  media,  or  drink  their  coffee  without  worrying  about  their  driving  and  multitasking  in  an  unsafe  way.  it  is  believed  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  will  eliminate,  or  greatly  reduce,  a  number  of  car  accidents  and  fatalities  due  to  unsafe  and  reckless  driving.  a  driverless  car  does  not  come  without  risks  and  concerns.  when  objects  and  systems  become  connected  with  the  internet  and  technology,  it  opens  up  the  ability  for  hackers  to  gain  access  to  such  systems.  if  a  hacker  is  able  to  gain  access  to  a  driverless  cars  computing  system,  they  may  be  able  to  gain  control  of  driving  the  car,  which  is  dangerous  and  unacceptable.  great  strides  must  be  made  in  the  iot  and  selfdriving  cars  to  prevent  all  possible  attacks  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  cars  computing  systems  before  driverless  cars  can  become  a  full  reality.  there  is  also  concern  about  how  new  driverless  cars  will  react  to  traditionally  driven  cars  when  they  are  integrated  on  actual  roads  and  are  driven  by  hundreds  of  thousands  of  people.  not  everyone  will  be  able  to  willing  to  switch  to  driverless  cars  and  it  is  unclear  how  traditional  cars  with  human  drivers  will  mesh  together  on  the  same  roads.  all  cars  now  produced  by  tesla  have  software  available  for  fully  selfdriving  capabilities.  their  cars  have  8  cameras  that  surround  the  entirety  of  the  vehicle  with  a  360degree
__label__controloptimizationautonomy view.  the  cameras  can  sense  anything  within  250  feet.  additionally,  tesla  has  added  12  ultrasonic  sensors  that  detect  soft  and  hard  objects.  according  to  tesla,  the  systems  also  feature  a  forwardfacing  radar  with  enhanced  processing  provides  additional  data  about  the  world  on  a  redundant  wavelength,  capable  of  seeing  through  heavy  rain,  fog,  dust  and  even  the  car  ahead.  although  tesla  still  has  ways  to  go  before  they  can  make  the  software  in  their  current  cars  fully  accessible  to  the  driver,  they  are  well  on  their  way  to  releasing  this  software  sooner  rather  than  later.  improved  complience  real  consumer  engagement  enable
__label__controloptimizationautonomy aravind  sekar  nov  30,  2018  0  share  this  article  is  part  of  a  series  of  articles  that  showcase  the  real  world  applications  of  iot.  keep  watching  this  space  for  more.  reading  the  newspaper,  i  came  across  an  article  which  said  singapore  has  begun  its  first  trial  for  driverless  taxis.  we  have  been  hearing  for  a  while  that  driverless  cars  are  coming  and  there  have  been  numerous  hurdles  from  regulatory  and  safety  angles.  however,  it  seems  that  they  have  been  overcome  to  some  extent  to  allow  this  trial  to  commence.  this  blog  examines  in  brief  how  cars  can  drive  themselves  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy how  analytics  is  a  vital  enabler  in  this  seismic  shift  in  the  automotive  industry.  many  of  us  may  recall  how  .  you  may  wonder  what  this  has  in  common  with  driverless  cars.  both  employ  a  form  of  machine  learning  called  deep  learning.  though  my  understanding  of  this  technique  is  limited,  i  will  attempt  to  unpack  it  a  little  to  understand  some  of  the  basics  of  what  drives  a  driverless  car.  all  vehicles,  irrespective  of  size,  can  be  fitted  with  sensors/cameras  etc.,  i.e.  devices  that  relay  data  back  to  a  system.  this  data  can  be  processed  before  it  hits  the  database,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy which  provides  realtime  analysis  on  what  is  commonly  referred  to  as  event  stream  processing.  the  analysis  can  be  a  very  simple  rulebased  processing  or  can  take  a  more  sophisticated  form.  with  driverless  cars,  the  analysis  is  a  technique  called  deep  learning.  some  refer  to  it  as  a  rebranding  of  neural  networks;  but  essentially,  it  is  a  technique  that  involves  several  layers  of  largely  unsupervised  or  semisupervised  learning.  this  methodology  has  been  finetuned  over  the  years  in  areas  such  as  deep  blue,  speech  recognition,  and  text  mining  and  is  now  being  adapted  for  more  advanced  usage  and  the  case  being  discussed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  this  blog,  autonomous  cars.  the  swedish  automotive  superpower  volvo  will  launch  their  pilot  program  pilot  assist  ii  in  association  with  uber  in  2017  and  will  render  their  cars  capable  of  steering  andbrakingup  to  a  speed  of  80  miles  per  hour.  while  it  does  not  completely  do  away  with  the  need  for  a  driver,  these  are  significant  strides  in  that  direction.  in  a  pedestrian  detection  algorithm  that  is  currently  being  developed  by  many,  including  google,  the  first  step  is  to  weed  those  parts  of  an  image  which  are  obviously  not  people,  using  simpler  techniques  before  employing  the  complex  deep  learning
__label__controloptimizationautonomy algorithm  that  this  application  calls  for.  as  of  six  months  ago,  this  technology  was  not  sophisticated  enough  to  allow  for  realtime  detection  that  a  completely  autonomous  car  would  call  for,  as  the  more  sophisticated  algorithms  require  more  time  for  processing  which  is  then  a  safety  hazard.  as  of  now,  since  safety  is  the  number  one  priority,  this  algorithminnot  being  implemented.  while  there  are  some  considerable  challenges  that  need  to  be  surmounted  before  the  fully  autonomous  vehicles  are  launched,  many  of  the  big  investors  in  this  technology  look  to  be  on  track  to  meeting  their  own  2020  deadline  to  launch  fully
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  cars.  to  be  successful,  the  key  is  the  ability  of  technology  to  deal  with  the  exceptions  in  a  more  predictable  fashion.  the  launch  of  trials  of  thesescaled  downversions  or  those  with  limited  features  will  allow  developers  to  collate  some  valuable  data  to  further  finetune  the  algorithms.  susan  is  a  seasoned  analyticsprofessionalswith  over  10  years  of  experienceworking  on  analyses  for  fortune  500  clients  such  as  bank  of  america,  proctor  gamble,  and  unilever  among  others.  she  is  on  the  alumni  advisory  board  of  the  university  ofcambridge,and  is  an  expert  in  the  practical  aspects  of  applying  analytics  in  different  contexts  to  generate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy value.  0  share  with  over  four  years  of  experience  in  the  niche  of  content  development,  aravind  has  written  articles  and  blog  posts  across  several  popular  websites  and  blogs.  he  has  also  ghostwritten  ebooks  currently  available  for  purchase  on  amazon.  he  has  contributed  content  to  several  california  based  tech  mammoths.  prev  post  next  post  welcome,  login  to  your  account.  recover  your  password.  a  password  will  be  emailed  to  you.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tags:  as  consumers  in  the  21st  century,  we  have  become  very  accustomed  to  the  presence  of  technology  in  all  aspects  of  our  lives.  whether  it  be  the  millions  of  available  smartphone  apps,  homemonitoring  devices  security,  lighting,  heat,  etc.,  or  wearable  technology  fitbit  and  google  glass,  the  internet  of  things  has  become  an  insurmountable  force  in  our  world  and  shows  no  signs  of  stopping.  while  the  examples  of  iot  technology  are  seemingly  endless,  one  topic  comes  to  mind  when  breaching  the  subject  of  car  insurance:  autonomous  vehicles.  ford  motor  co.,  for  instance,  says  it  intends  to  introduce  fully  driverless  cars  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  public  by  2025,  and  other  manufacturers  mercedes,  volvo  and  bmw  are  currently  creating  their  own  test  vehicles.  even  if  you  are  not  paying  attention  to  the  insurance  industry,  you  have  surely  heard  of  teslas  and  others  experimentation  with  this  technology,  and  many  have  already  started  testing  out  features  of  autonomous  driving.  autonomous  vehicles  are  already  changing  the  landscape  of  the  insurance  industry.  so  how  does  this  new  tech  tie  in  with  the  internet  of  things?  driverless  cars  require  an  immense  amount  of  data  gathering  and  analysis  due  to  their  connection  to  cloudbased  traffic  and  navigation  services,  among  other  outlets
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  connectivity.  by  2020,  consultancy  gartner  estimates  that  nearly  250  million  cars  will  be  connected  to  the  internet,  according  to  ,  and  pricewaterhousecooper  forecasts  that  the  connected  car  market  will  be  worth  149  billion  by  that  year.  considering  these  impressive  forecasts,  it  is  imperative  that  companies  do  their  due  diligence  to  ensure  proper  monitoring  and  analysis  of  this  new  influx  of  data.  for  instance,  a  hp  study  determined  that  ,  which  certainly  is  cause  for  alarm  when  considering  that  the  device  in  question  could  be  your  car.  for  example,  when  autonomous  car  software  is  linked  to  the  cloud,  the  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy risks  security  breaches  and  can  become  prone  to  hacking.  this  happened  last  year,  when  fiat  chrysler  recalled  more  than  a  million  vehicles  due  to  a  software  glitch  that  would  have  allowed  hackers  to  take  control  of  the  vehicles.  to  ensure  these  vehicles  are  following  through  on  their  promise  of  increased  safety  and  convenience,  it  is  pertinent  that  the  autonomous  vehicle  industry  protect  its  newfound  connectivity  to  the  internet.  the  hp  study  recommends  that  organizations  implement  an  endtoend  approach  to  identify  software  vulnerabilities  before  they  are  exploited.  the  emergence  of  driverless  cars  and  its  connection  to  the  iot  raises  several  fears,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  the  technology  is  still  unfamiliar  to  most:  how  will  the  vehicles  handle  in  high  traffic?  can  the  vehicles  be  hacked?  what  if  the  driver  needs  to  take  control  of  the  vehicle?  will  the  system  give  drivers  a  false  sense  of  security  and,  therefore,  lead  to  accidents  that  could  have  otherwise  been  avoided?  despite  these  fears,  however,  it  seems  companies  are  certainly  doing  their  due  diligence  to  ensure  the  protection  of  data  and  the  safety  of  the  vehicles.  according  to  ,  the  people  who  are  stepping  in  on  driverless  cars  are  the  major  playerslike  google,  which  has  the  best  security
__label__controloptimizationautonomy team  in  the  world.  considering  the  fear  regarding  security  breaches,  companies  are  sure  to  increase  the  attention  they  pay  to  preventing  malicious  activity.  regardless  of  any  concerns,  it  seems  the  fear  of  data  security  breaches  is  not  severe  enough  to  quell  the  growth  of  the  autonomous  vehicle  industry.  but  if  autonomous  vehicles  and  the  iot  are  to  offer  more  good  than  bad,  how  does  it  all  affect  your  auto  insurance  rates?  that  per  the  insurance  information  institute  iii  even  if  you  dont  plan  on  getting  one,  all  consumers  are  likely  to  financially  benefit  from  selfdriving  cars.  how?  its  simple:  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cars  will  make  roads  safer  through  their  interconnectivity  via  the  iot,  meaning  fewer  accidents  and  fewer  claims  filed,  meaning  consumers  are  less  at  risk,  meaning  insurance  companies  will  need  to  lower  their  premiums  overall.  if  drivers  are  convinced  that  autonomous  cars  will  decrease  the  chance  of  accidents,  the  demand  for  auto  insurance  decreases  and  insurance  companies  will  need  to  accommodate  that.  like  it  or  not,  driverless  cars  and  the  iot  technology  that  accompanies  them  are  seemingly  here  to  stay  and  will  undoubtedly  continue  to  advance  into  notyetthoughtof  territory.  the  development  of  the  internet  of  things  has  taken  root  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy auto  insurance  industry,  and  is  changing  overall  corporate  strategy  in  that  sector.  and  although  its  rise  has  presented  safety  concerns,  the  implementation  of  the  iot  in  auto  insurance  is  not  without  benefit  to  the  consumer.  michael  macauley  is  the  ceo  of  ,  headquartered  in  pleasanton,  calif.  for  more  than  25  years,  quadrant  information  services  has  generated  national  price  comparisons  for  insurance  companies  and  consumers  and,  in  so  doing,  has  created  a  new  culture  in  response  to  technological  growth.  not  a  member?  signup  for  an  account  now  to  access  all  of  the  features  of  rfidjournal.com
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  october  5,  2017  ready  to  launch  your  career  in  the  field  of  selfdriving  cars?  we  have  two  programs  for  you,  depending  on  your  experience  level:  christopher  watkins  is  senior  writer  and  chief  words  officer  at  udacity.  he  types  on  a  macbook  or  ipad  by  day,  and  either  an  underwood,  remington,  or  royal  by  night.  he  carries  a  moleskine  everywhere.  other  posts  by  sign  up  for  udacity  blog  updates  to  get  the  latest  in  guidance  and  inspiration  as  you  discoverprogramming,  web  development,  data  science,  and  more.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blockchain  startup  entered  a  with  the  university  of  nevada,  renos  intelligent  mobility  initiative  to  develop  a  new  standard  for  data  integrity  between  autonomous  vehicles  and  road  infrastructure  using  blockchain  iot.  the  smart  city  project  is  being  run  by  the  universitys  nevada  centre  for  applied  research,  which  aims  to  improve  the  safety  and  practicality  of  autonomous  vehicles.  filaments  blockchain  iot  technology,  blocklet  is  used  in  the  initiative.  in  this  use  case,  the  iot  devices  connect  using  blockchain  technology  to  manage  and  transfer  data.  the  city  project  proposes  to  establish  communication  between  autonomous  connected  vehicles  and  surrounding  infrastructure  with  lidar  and  dedicated
__label__controloptimizationautonomy shortrange  communications  dsrc  devices  situated  at  intersections.  lidar  stands  for  light  detection  and  ranging.  these  devices  are  sensors  which  use  small  lasers  to  create  a  3d  image  of  their  surroundings.  a  lidar  sensor  can  create  imaging  continuously  with  360  degrees  of  visibility.  in  addition,  the  sensors  can  generate  detailed  and  very  precise  information.  working  with  filament  as  part  of  intelligent  mobility  will  help  us  to  create  and  validate  secured  data  generated  from  the  many  connected  lidar  devices  including  those  in  autonomous  vehicles  that  will  soon  be  a  common  feature  in  our  cities  and  towns,  said  carlos  cardilo,  director  of  nevada
__label__controloptimizationautonomy center  for  applied  research.  filament  specializes  in  building  comprehensive  blockchain  systems  for  the  enterprise  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  its  blocklet  products  mainly  provide  blockchain  tools  and  technology  for  industrial  corporations  within  the  automotive  and  communications  sector,  which  enable  transactions  and  data  to  be  recorded  securely.  alison  cliftjennings,  ceo  of  filament,  added:  for  the  project,  the  universitys  test  vehicles  will  accept  only  blockletattested  data  transmissions,  protecting  them  from  potential  bad  actors  or  maninthemiddle  attacks.  and  with  the  data  recorded  on  a  blockchain,  the  shared  root  of  trust  is  established  for  transparent  exchange  and  transactions.  other  organizations  exploring  blockchain  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  mobility  include  the  where  siemens  and  bosch  are  involved  in  experiments.  won  the  mobi  blockchain  challenge  with  a  peertopeer  payment  protocol  for  connected  vehicles.  beyond  autonomous  car  solutions,  the  auto  industry  has  been  exploring  a  variety  of  blockchain  applications.  bmw  group  has  recently  outlined  its  blockchainbased  app  which  is  built  to  prevent  mileage  fraud.  and  ,  ibm  and  others  in  a  blockchain  supply  chain  network  designed  to  mine  cobalt  ethically.  copyright  2018,  2019  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy litigation  is  nothing  new  for  the  auto  industry.  but  recent  lawsuits  surrounding  accidents  involving  selfdriving  vehicles  show  that  electronically  stored  information  esi  is  a  key  component  in  these  cases,  because  modern  cars  collect  enormous  amounts  of  data,  which  can  be  used  to  determine  the  fault  of  accidents,  whether  its  human  or  machine  driver  error,  or  some  other  design  flaw  in  the  automobile  itself.  selfdriving  cars  continue  to  become  a  regular  part  of  daily  life.  but  like  any  new  technology,  flaws  and  usererrors  become  more  apparent  as  theyre  taken  from  the  test  bed  to  the  real  world.  while  were  still  years
__label__controloptimizationautonomy away  from  truly  autonomous  vehicles  ruling  the  roads,  the  question  that  continues  to  come  up  with  driverassisted  technologies  is  whether  they  protect  us  against  human  error,  or  if  human  reliance  on  technology  makes  drivers  less  competent.  the  following  cases  show  how  selfdriving  cars  and  the  data  they  collect  will  continue  to  highlight  the  role  ediscovery  plays  when  it  comes  to  the  internet  of  things  and  all  the  new  data  sources  that  everyday  devices  create.  in  march  of  2018,  pedestrian  elaine  herzberg  was  killed  by  one  of  ubers  selfdriving  cars  as  she  crossed  a  multilane  road  in  tempe,  arizona.  the  investigation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy included  data  from  the  car  as  well  as  dashcam  video.  while  it  was  determined  that  the  automatic  braking  system  was  turned  off  to  avoid  erratic  driving  conditions,  the  human  driver,  rafael  vazquez,  was  found  at  fault  for  the  death.  dashcam  video  showed  vasquez  repeatedly  looking  down  at  her  lap  in  the  final  minutes  before  the  crash,  including  the  five  seconds  before  impact.  additional  esi  provided  from  the  drivers  hulu  account,  shows  that  vazquez  was  streaming  the  television  show  the  voice  just  before  the  crash.  if  the  driver  had  been  paying  attention,  the  cars  data  showed  that  the  accident  most  likely
__label__controloptimizationautonomy could  have  been  avoided.  :  in  march  2019,  jeremy  banners  tesla  model  3  collided  with  a  tractortrailer  that  was  crossing  his  path  on  a  florida  highway.  an  investigation  is  currently  underway,  as  his  family  is  suing  tesla  for  wrongful  death.  a  preliminary  report  from  the  national  transportation  safety  board  revealed  banner  turned  on  autopilot  just  before  the  crash,  and  the  vehicle  did  not  detect  the  drivers  hands  on  the  steering  wheel.  this  incident  is  similar  to  a  2016  accident  which  killed  40yearold  joshua  brown  when  a  tractortrailer  crossed  his  path  while  he  was  using  autopilot.  tesla  said  in  that  investigation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  its  camera  system  failed  to  recognize  the  white  broadside  of  the  truck  against  the  bright  sky.  however,  it  was  also  found  that  brown  was  not  paying  attention  to  the  road,  though  the  ntsb  said  a  lack  of  safeguards  contributed  to  his  death.  in  this  incident,  mallory  harcourt  of  santa  barbara,  claims  that  in  december  2018,  while  unloading  groceries  from  her  tesla  model  x  parked  in  the  driveway,  her  twoyearold  son  jumped  in  the  drivers  seat,  and  the  car  unexpectedly  lurched  forward,  ultimately  pinning  her  to  the  garage  wall.  harcourt,  who  was  pregnant,  suffered  a  broken  leg  and  pelvis,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy went  into  labor,  which  led  to  the  premature  delivery  of  her  daughter.  the  plaintiff  and  defendant  are  in  agreement  that  the  vehicle  was  shifted  from  park  into  drive.  because  the  model  x  and  older  model  s  dont  have  a  drivingfacing  camera  like  the  model  3,  tesla  cant  confirm  how  this  happened.  but  the  cars  data  does  confirm  that  the  brake  pedal  was  released  shortly  after  the  vehicle  was  put  into  drive,  and  the  accelerator  pressed  for  the  following  seven  seconds,  interrupted  briefly  by  application  of  the  brake  pedal.  the  impact  occurred  with  the  left  rear  door  still  open  and  prior
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  an  application  of  the  brake  pedal  heavy  enough  to  activate  the  antilock  brakes.  there  have  been  other  lawsuits  against  tesla  for  unintended  acceleration  but  none  have  been  won.  conclusion:  what  is  clear  from  each  of  these  cases  is  how  vital  the  role  of  esi  collected  from  vehicles  and  periphery  devices  is  when  determining  cause  and  liability.  in  these  cases,  the  combination  of  video,  car  data  indicating  things  as  detailed  as  how  long  acceleration  and  brakes  were  applied,  whether  someone  was  in  the  drivers  seat  or  their  hands  were  on  the  wheel,  whether  a  door  was  open,  and  when  impact
__label__controloptimizationautonomy occurred,  and  esi  from  other  devices  such  as  a  tablet  or  a  drivers  hulu  account,  were  all  part  of  the  investigations.  as  the  internet  of  things  continues  to  grow,  items  that  were  once  merely  mechanical  devices  phones,  cars,  refrigerators,  etc.  are  now  repositories  of  electronic  evidence.  and  should  litigation  arise,  the  data  they  contain  must  be  made  discoverable.  these  scenarios  involving  selfdriving  cars  may  not  fall  under  the  daytoday  operations  of  most  law  firms,  but  they  do  highlight  new  examples  of  how  electronic  data  is  collected  during  litigation  which  is  ediscovery.  in  the  same  way  that  email  data  was  still
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  novel  source  of  evidence  15  years  ago  or  social  media  data  was  the  new  esi  5  years  ago,  iot  data  will  continue  to  be  requested,  and  legal  teams  will  have  to  respond.  .  by  using  the  service,  you  signify  your  acceptance  of  jd  supra  is  a  legal  publishing  service  that  connects  experts  and  their  content  with  broader  audiences  of  professionals,  journalists  and  associations.  this  privacy  policy  describes  how  jd  supra,  llc  or  ,  ,  or  collects,  uses  and  shares  personal  data  collected  from  visitors  to  our  website  located  at  our  who  view  only  publiclyavailable  content  as  well  as  subscribers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  our  services  such  as  our  email  digests  or  author  toolsour  .  by  using  our  website  and  registering  for  one  of  our  services,  you  are  agreeing  to  the  terms  of  this  privacy  policy.  please  note  that  if  you  subscribe  to  one  of  our  services,  you  can  make  choices  about  how  we  collect,  use  and  share  your  information  through  our  privacy  center  under  the  dashboard  available  if  you  are  logged  into  your  jd  supra  account.  .  when  you  register  with  jd  supra  for  our  website  and  services,  either  as  an  author  or  as  a  subscriber,  you  will  be  asked  to  provide
__label__controloptimizationautonomy identifying  information  to  create  your  jd  supra  account  ,  such  as  your:  :  we  also  collect  other  information  you  may  voluntarily  provide.  this  may  include  content  you  provide  for  publication.  we  may  also  receive  your  communications  with  others  through  our  website  and  services  such  as  contacting  an  author  through  our  website  or  communications  directly  with  us  such  as  through  email,  feedback  or  other  forms  or  social  media.  if  you  are  a  subscribed  user,  we  will  also  collect  your  user  preferences,  such  as  the  types  of  articles  you  would  like  to  read.  :  we  may  also  receive  information  about  you  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy third  party  sources.  for  example,  your  employer  may  provide  your  information  to  us,  such  as  in  connection  with  an  article  submitted  by  your  employer  for  publication.  if  you  choose  to  use  linkedin  to  subscribe  to  our  website  and  services,  we  also  collect  information  related  to  your  linkedin  account  and  profile.  :  as  is  true  of  most  websites,  we  gather  certain  information  automatically.  this  information  includes  ip  addresses,  browser  type,  internet  service  provider  isp,  referring/exit  pages,  operating  system,  date/time  stamp  and  clickstream  data.  we  use  this  information  to  analyze  trends,  to  administer  the  website  and  our  services,  to  improve  the  content
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  performance  of  our  website  and  services,  and  to  track  users  movements  around  the  site.  we  may  also  link  this  automaticallycollected  data  to  personal  information,  for  example,  to  inform  authors  about  who  has  read  their  articles.  some  of  this  data  is  collected  through  information  sent  by  your  web  browser.  we  also  use  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies  to  collect  this  information.  to  learn  more  about  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies  that  jd  supra  may  use  on  our  website  and  services  please  see  our  page.  we  use  the  information  and  data  we  collect  principally  in  order  to  provide  our  website  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services.  more  specifically,  we  may  use  your  personal  information  to:  jd  supra  takes  reasonable  and  appropriate  precautions  to  insure  that  user  information  is  protected  from  loss,  misuse  and  unauthorized  access,  disclosure,  alteration  and  destruction.  we  restrict  access  to  user  information  to  those  individuals  who  reasonably  need  access  to  perform  their  job  functions,  such  as  our  third  party  email  service,  customer  service  personnel  and  technical  staff.  you  should  keep  in  mind  that  no  internet  transmission  is  ever  100  secure  or  errorfree.  where  you  use  login  credentials  usernames,  passwords  on  our  website,  please  remember  that  it  is  your  responsibility  to  safeguard  them.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy if  you  believe  that  your  login  credentials  have  been  compromised,  please  contact  us  at  .  our  website  and  services  are  not  directed  at  children  under  the  age  of  16  and  we  do  not  knowingly  collect  personal  information  from  children  under  the  age  of  16  through  our  website  and/or  services.  if  you  have  reason  to  believe  that  a  child  under  the  age  of  16  has  provided  personal  information  to  us,  please  contact  us,  and  we  will  endeavor  to  delete  that  information  from  our  databases.  our  website  and  services  may  contain  links  to  other  websites.  the  operators  of  such  other  websites  may
__label__controloptimizationautonomy collect  information  about  you,  including  through  cookies  or  other  technologies.  if  you  are  using  our  website  or  services  and  click  a  link  to  another  site,  you  will  leave  our  website  and  this  policy  will  not  apply  to  your  use  of  and  activity  on  those  other  sites.  we  encourage  you  to  read  the  legal  notices  posted  on  those  sites,  including  their  privacy  policies.  we  are  not  responsible  for  the  data  collection  and  use  practices  of  such  other  sites.  this  policy  applies  solely  to  the  information  collected  in  connection  with  your  use  of  our  website  and  services  and  does  not  apply  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy any  practices  conducted  offline  or  in  connection  with  any  other  websites.  jd  supras  principal  place  of  business  is  in  the  united  states.  by  subscribing  to  our  website,  you  expressly  consent  to  your  information  being  processed  in  the  united  states.  you  can  make  a  request  to  exercise  any  of  these  rights  by  emailing  us  at  or  by  writing  to  us  at:  you  can  also  manage  your  profile  and  subscriptions  through  our  privacy  center  under  the  dashboard.  we  will  make  all  practical  efforts  to  respect  your  wishes.  there  may  be  times,  however,  where  we  are  not  able  to  fulfill  your  request,  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy example,  if  applicable  law  prohibits  our  compliance.  please  note  that  jd  supra  does  not  use  automatic  decision  making  or  profiling  as  those  terms  are  defined  in  the  gdpr.  pursuant  to  section  1798.83  of  the  california  civil  code,  our  customers  who  are  california  residents  have  the  right  to  request  certain  information  regarding  our  disclosure  of  personal  information  to  third  parties  for  their  direct  marketing  purposes.  you  can  make  a  request  for  this  information  by  emailing  us  at  or  by  writing  to  us  at:  some  browsers  have  incorporated  a  do  not  track  dnt  feature.  these  features,  when  turned  on,  send  a  signal
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  you  prefer  that  the  website  you  are  visiting  not  collect  and  use  data  regarding  your  online  searching  and  browsing  activities.  as  there  is  not  yet  a  common  understanding  on  how  to  interpret  the  dnt  signal,  we  currently  do  not  respond  to  dnt  signals  on  our  site.  for  noneu/swiss  residents,  if  you  would  like  to  know  what  personal  information  we  have  about  you,  you  can  send  an  email  to  .  we  will  be  in  contact  with  you  by  mail  or  otherwise  to  verify  your  identity  and  provide  you  the  information  you  request.  we  will  respond  within  30  days  to  your
__label__controloptimizationautonomy request  for  access  to  your  personal  information.  in  some  cases,  we  may  not  be  able  to  remove  your  personal  information,  in  which  case  we  will  let  you  know  if  we  are  unable  to  do  so  and  why.  if  you  would  like  to  correct  or  update  your  personal  information,  you  can  manage  your  profile  and  subscriptions  through  our  privacy  center  under  the  dashboard.  if  you  would  like  to  delete  your  account  or  remove  your  information  from  our  website  and  services,  send  an  email  to  .  we  reserve  the  right  to  change  this  privacy  policy  at  any  time.  please  refer  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy date  at  the  top  of  this  page  to  determine  when  this  policy  was  last  revised.  any  changes  to  our  privacy  policy  will  become  effective  upon  posting  of  the  revised  policy  on  the  website.  by  continuing  to  use  our  website  and  services  following  such  changes,  you  will  be  deemed  to  have  agreed  to  such  changes.  if  you  have  any  questions  about  this  privacy  policy,  the  practices  of  this  site,  your  dealings  with  our  website  or  services,  or  if  you  would  like  to  change  any  of  the  information  you  have  provided  to  us,  please  contact  us  at:  .  as  with  many  websites,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy jd  supras  website  located  at  our  and  our  services  such  as  our  email  article  digestsour  use  a  standard  technology  called  a  cookie  and  other  similar  technologies  such  as,  pixels  and  web  beacons,  which  are  small  data  files  that  are  transferred  to  your  computer  when  you  use  our  website  and  services.  these  technologies  automatically  identify  your  browser  whenever  you  interact  with  our  website  and  services.  we  use  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies  to:  there  are  different  types  of  cookies  and  other  technologies  used  our  website,  notably:  .  we  place  our  own  cookies  on  your  computer  to  track  certain  information  about  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy while  you  are  using  our  website  and  services.  for  example,  we  place  a  session  cookie  on  your  computer  each  time  you  visit  our  website.  we  use  these  cookies  to  allow  you  to  login  to  your  subscriber  account.  in  addition,  through  these  cookies  we  are  able  to  collect  information  about  how  you  use  the  website,  including  what  browser  you  may  be  using,  your  ip  address,  and  the  url  address  you  came  from  upon  visiting  our  website  and  the  url  you  next  visit  even  if  those  urls  are  not  on  our  website.  we  also  utilize  email  web  beacons  to  monitor  whether  our
__label__controloptimizationautonomy emails  are  being  delivered  and  read.  we  also  use  these  tools  to  help  deliver  reader  analytics  to  our  authors  to  give  them  insight  into  their  readership  and  help  them  to  improve  their  content,  so  that  it  is  most  useful  for  our  users.  .  jd  supra  also  uses  the  following  analytic  tools  to  help  us  analyze  the  performance  of  our  website  and  services  as  well  as  how  visitors  use  our  website  and  services:  our  content  pages  allow  you  to  share  content  appearing  on  our  website  and  services  to  your  social  media  accounts  through  the  like,  tweet,  or  similar  buttons  displayed  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  pages.  to  accomplish  this  service,  we  embed  code  that  such  third  party  social  networks  provide  and  that  we  do  not  control.  these  buttons  know  that  you  are  logged  in  to  your  social  network  account  and  therefore  such  social  networks  could  also  know  that  you  are  viewing  the  jd  supra  website.  if  you  would  like  to  change  how  a  browser  uses  cookies,  including  blocking  or  deleting  cookies  from  the  jd  supra  website  and  services  you  can  do  so  by  changing  the  settings  in  your  web  browser.  to  control  cookies,  most  browsers  allow  you  to  either  accept  or  reject  all  cookies,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy only  accept  certain  types  of  cookies,  or  prompt  you  every  time  a  site  wishes  to  save  a  cookie.  its  also  easy  to  delete  cookies  that  are  already  saved  on  your  device  by  a  browser.  the  processes  for  controlling  and  deleting  cookies  vary  depending  on  which  browser  you  use.  to  find  out  how  to  do  so  with  a  particular  browser,  you  can  use  your  browsers  help  function  or  alternatively,  you  can  visit  which  explains,  stepbystep,  how  to  control  and  delete  cookies  in  most  browsers.  we  may  update  this  cookie  policy  and  our  from  timetotime,  particularly  as  technology  changes.  you  can  always
__label__controloptimizationautonomy check  this  page  for  the  latest  version.  we  may  also  notify  you  of  changes  to  our  privacy  policy  by  email.  if  you  have  any  questions  about  how  we  use  cookies  and  other  tracking  technologies,  please  contact  us  at:  .  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  user  experience,  track  anonymous  site  usage,  store  authorization  tokens  and  permit  sharing  on  social  media  networks.  by  continuing  to  browse  this  website  you  accept  the  use  of  cookies.  to  read  more  about  how  we  use  cookies.  copyright  jd  supra,  llc
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  robots  are  intelligent  machines  capable  of  performing  tasks  in  the  world  independently  of  either  direct  human  control  or  fixed  programming.  examples  range  from  autonomous  drones,  to  industrial  production  robots,  toyourrobotic  vacuumcleaner.  theycombine  expertise  from  the  fields  ofartificial  intelligence,robotics,  andinformation  science.  the  autonomous  robot  must  have  the  ability  toperceiveits  environment,  analyze  situational  data  in  order  to  make  decisionsbased  on  what  it  perceives,  and  then  modify  its  actions  based  on  these  decisions.  for  example,  the  scope  of  autonomy  could  include  starting,  stopping,  maneuvering  around  obstacles,  communicating  to  obstacles,  and  using  appendages  to  manipulate  obstacles.  there  are  fewautonomous  robots  in  operation  today.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy evenmost  sophisticated,  dynamic  robots  such  as  those  used  in  an  automotive  factory  perform  according  to  static  programming.  and  most  autonomous  robots  are  only  semiautonomous  and  will  likely  remain  so  even  as  more  fundamental  autonomy  becomes  technically  feasible.for  example,  the  roomba  vacuum  cleaner  does  not  move  according  to  a  preprogrammed  route  and  can  modify  its  route  dynamically  as  its  environment  changes.  however,  it  has  a  verylimited  degree  of  freedom  that  is  determined  by  its  programming.  the  boston  consulting  group  is  conservatively  projecting  that  the  market  will  reach  usd  87  billion  by  2025.  source:  electrical  engineering  company  siemens  predicts  the  global  market
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  autonomous  robots  to  grow  to  usd  3.6  billion  in  2019,  and  usd  13.9  billion  in  2023.  source:  the  global  autonomous  robot  market  was  valued  at  around  usd  4.6  billion  in  2016  and  it  is  expected  to  reach  more  than  usd  11.9  billion  million  by  2024.  it  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  over  14  between  2017  and  2024.  source:  autonomous  robots  are  particularly  useful  when  one  of  the  two  criteria  are  met:  1.  the  environment  is  either  dangerous  or  expensive  for  humans  to  operate  in.  for  example,  spaceflightand  mine  sweeping  arebothdangerousfieldsof  human  activity.  spaceflight  is  also  extremelyexpensive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy due  to  the  cost  of  supporting  humanlife  in  space.  2.  the  task  requires  simple,  routineactionin  high  volume  with  a  modest  level  ofdynamicadjustment.  for  example,  storetodoor  goods  delivery  and  highway  trucking  are  bothroutine  activities  yetrequire  the  ability  to  react  to  unexpectedsituations  within  a  range  of  possibilities.  likewise,  in  a  production  environment,  a  robot  performs  a  largely  repetitive  action  butmustrespond  tounpredicted  variables  such  as  the  precise  orientation  of  a  component  it  is  assembling,  or  modification  of  the  task  in  order  to  customize  orders.  the  concept  of  an  autonomous  robot  is  broad  and  can  include  a  wide  range  of  devices  with  very  different
__label__controloptimizationautonomy capabilities.  however,  any  autonomous  robot  should  have  some  ability  to  perform  these  basic  functions:  1.  gather  and  process  information  about  the  environment.  2.work  for  an  extended  period  without  human  intervention  under  unpredictablestimuli.  3.  move  through  its  operating  environment  without  human  assistance  but  with  predetermined  constraints.  4.  avoidsituations  that  it  has  been  programmed  to  identify  as  undesirable,  such  as  harm  to  people,  property,  or  itself.  more  advanced  robots  may  be  capable  of  optimizing  their  efficiency  or  adding  new  capabilities  as  they  learn  through  by  processingdata.  the  capabilities  of  robots  can  also  be  improved  through  system  upgrades  enabled  by  collective  data  processing.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy search  by  ,  star  contributor,  robots  and  iot  devices  are  similar  in  that  they  both  rely  on  sensors  to  understand  their  environment,  rapidly  process  large  streams  of  data  and  decide  how  to  respond.  thats  where  the  similarities  end.  most  iot  applications  handle  welldefined  tasks,  whereas  robots  autonomously  handle  anticipated  situations.  lets  consider  both  from  six  different  vectors:  iot  applications  are  centralized  with  edge  devices  with  little  intelligence  of  their  own.  low  cost  sensors  transmit  signals  to  a  control  center  in  the  cloud  which  analyzes  the  data  stream  and  decides  the  action  to  take.  the  cost  of  the  central  hub  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  amortized  over  thousands  of  sensorbased  applications  making  iot  applications  more  affordable.  network  connectivity  and  latency  limit  the  range  of  applications  that  iot  can  meet.  robot  and  drones  operate  in  a  decentralized  mode.  they  have  a  high  degree  of  decisionmaking  capability  of  their  own  and  can  function  on  their  own  even  if  they  are  disconnected.  robots  typically  only  share  details  on  unexpected  situations  they  encounter.  this  allows  their  algorithms  to  be  refined  by  applying  machine  learning  to  collected  feedback.  consider  what  happens  when  you  pick  up  a  pen.  your  eyes  scan  your  surroundings  and  and  your  brain  identifies  the  pen
__label__controloptimizationautonomy through  .  signals  are  sent  through  nerves  to  your  arm  muscles  directing  them  to  move  to  the  pen.  visual  signals  from  your  eyes  provide  continuous  feedback  on  your  hands  position  to  move  it  precisely  to  the  pen.  tactile  feedback  from  your  hand  confirms  when  the  pen  has  been  picked  up.  a  great  deal  of  signal  processing  and  continuous  motor  control  for  such  a  simple  task  programming  a  robot  to  do  the  same  task  requires  visual  sensors  cameras  to  provide  continuous  visual  input,  a  graphical  processing  unit  gpu  to  processes  the  stream  of  visual  signals  and  a  central  processing  unit  cpu
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  control  the  motor  functions.  robots  rely  on  multiple  highresolution  sensors  that  generate  complex  data  streams.  this  requires  a  lot  more  processing  power  and  multiple  to  process  them  in  parallel.  neural  networks  are  loosely  modeled  on  the  human  brain  with  thousands  of  small  processing  units  neurons  arranged  in  layers.  they  identify  patterns  based  on  a  learning  rule.  iot  devices  are  generally  designed  to  handle  specific  tasks.  this  could  be  as  simple  as  a  sensor  detecting  if  a  door  is  open  or  not  and  the  central  hub  sending  an  alert  to  notify  the  owner  that  the  door  is  open.  robots  need
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  react  to  unexpected  conditions  that  their  developer  may  not  have  anticipated.  this  could  be  such  as  how  to  navigate  around  an  obstacle  in  their  path.  artificial  intelligence  ai  platforms  and  machine  learning  help  robots  deal  with  such  situations.  they  get  progressively  smarter  as  more  robots  are  deployed  and  share  unexpected  situations  they  encounter.  hardware  costs  for  designing  robots  are  declining  as  their  processing  power  increases.  the  to  build  robots  costs  99  and  runs  multiple  neural  networks  in  parallel  for  applications  like  image  classification,  object  detection,  segmentation,  and  speech  processing.  it  includes  an  nvidia  ai  computer  which  delivers  472  gflops
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  compute  performance  for  ai  workloads  on  5  watts  power.  this  enables  a  robot  to  work  longer  before  requiring  a  recharge.  programming  a  robot  requires  specialized  software.  developers  break  down  complex  robotic  tasks  into  a  network  of  smaller,  simpler  steps.  this  is  done  with  computational  and  an  entity  component  system,  such  as  the  .  the  robotic  application  is  built  with  smaller  modules  gems  for  sensing,  planning,  and  actuation.  they  let  robots  handle  obstacle  detection,  stereo  depth  estimation,  and  human  speech  recognition.  robots  like  humans  improve  their  motor  skills  with  practice.  robots  need  a  test  bed  where  their  instructions  can  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tested  and  debugged.  simulated  test  beds  are  better  than  physical  ones  as  it  is  impossible  to  create  a  physical  representation  of  every  environment  where  the  robot  might  operate.  is  a  virtual  robotics  laboratory  and  a  highfidelity  3d  world  simulator.  developers  train  and  test  their  robots  in  a  detailed,  realistic  simulation  reducing  the  costs  and  development  time.  robots  improve  as  their  are  revised  to  cover  new  situations  that  they  encounter.  robots  operate  based  on  models  they  were  programmed  with,  but  they  also  send  details  of  unexpected  situations  back  to  the  cloud  for  review.  this  enables  developers  to  refine  the  robots  decisionmaking
__label__controloptimizationautonomy model  to  deal  with  the  new  conditions.  the  amount  of  feedback  increases  as  more  robots  are  deployed,  increasing  the  speed  at  which  all  the  robots  collectively  get  smarter.  nvidia  nano  based  robots  can  report  new  conditions  they  encounter  to  modeling  platform  which  lets  them  act  locally  on  the  data  they  generate,  while  still  using  the  cloud  for  management,  analytics,  and  storage.  the  robots  can  run  aws  lambda  functions,  execute  predictions  based  on  machine  learning  models,  keep  device  data  in  sync,  and  communicate  with  other  devices  securely  even  when  not  connected  to  the  internet.  iot  applications  now  encompass  both  centralized  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  applications.  stationary  and  mobile  ones.  some  that  stick  to  their  program  and  others  that  learn  and  evolve.  deepak  puri  is  an  iot  expert  and  the  cofounder  of  ,  a  sfbased  nonprofit  hub  for  technology  innovation  in  support  of  democracy.  formerly  he  held  executive  positions  at  oracle,  netscape  and  vmware.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy views  considerable  interest  is  being  paid  to  the  impressive  rise  of  the  iot,  which  has  the  unfortunate  consequence  of  blinding  many  business  owners  to  the  everexpanding  potential  of  robotics.  while  seemingly  limitless  ink  has  been  spilled  on  the  subject  of  how  iot  applications  are  important  and  must  be  embraced  by  businesses,  precious  little  has  been  said  about  how  robots  can  greatly  extend  the  scope  of  iot  applications.  is  it  true  that  intelligent  machines  can  help  us  tap  into  the  true  potential  of  the  iot?  here  is  how  robots  are  already  extending  the  scope  of  iot  applications  and  why  they  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  increasingly  important  to  the  future  of  connectivity.  while  they  share  a  handful  of  similarities,  robots  and  iot  are  ultimately  vastly  different  innovations.  until  you  understand  how  they  differ,  you  cannot  possibly  hope  to  grasp  how  they  can  come  together  to  bolster  one  anothers  market  potential.  iot  applications  are  inherently  specific  they  are  made  to  deal  with  specific,  narrowlydefined  problems  and  often  process  data  in  vastly  different  ways  than  robots  do.  whereas  many  iot  applications  rely  on  cloud  computing  in  order  to  get  by,  robots  often  process  data  locally  too,  further  elucidating  how  inherently  different  they  are  than  their  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy counterparts.  nevertheless,  it  would  be  foolish  to  assert  that  robots  and  iot  applications  cannot  be  combined  just  because  they  happen  to  be  designed  for  different  purposes.  iot  applications  which  have  little  intelligence  on  their  own,  for  instance,  can  be  bolstered  by  the  inclusion  of  intelligent  robots  which  are  more  autonomous  and  capable  of  dealing  with  strange  situations  as  they  arise.  by  coupling  robots  into  our  existing  iot  networks,  we  can  offer  consumers  and  businesses  alike  new  services  which  will  impress  them  while  generating  serious  revenue  all  the  while.  according  to  the  world  economic  forum,  this  process  is  already  underway;  robots
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  with  narrow  iot  applications  for  home  improvement  purposes,  for  instance,  with  clever  robot  assistants  becoming  less  of  a  fantasy  idea  as  a  direct  result  of  this  wise  pairing.  given  that  robots  can  freely  move  about  their  environment  and  often  come  equipped  with  more  specific  sensors  than  narrow  iot  applications,  they  can  be  seamlessly  ingrained  into  the  modern  household  and  business  environment  to  the  benefit  of  humans  who  reside  there.  disabled  homeowners  may  have  iot  sensors  detect  a  visitor  on  their  property  before  having  a  robot  sent  out  to  open  the  door  or  greet  them,  for  instance,  whereas  business  conferences
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  future  will  be  greatly  facilitated  with  a  combination  of  robotics  and  iot  applications.  a  fine  example  of  how  iot  applications  and  robotics  are  being  paired  to  bolster  human  wellbeing  can  be  found  in  the  field  of  healthcare.  already,  hospitals  and  private  healthcare  providers  around  the  country  are  mulling  how  to  best  go  about  digitizing  their  operations  to  collect  more  patient  data,  which  can  in  turn  be  used  to  introduce  helpful  robots  into  the  medical  environment.  tech  giants  like  samsung  are  going  to  great  lengths  to  of  the  iot  with  robotics  to  change  the  future  of  the  healthcare  industry,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy which  they  believe  will  be  largely  techdriven.  iot  sensors  in  the  nearfuture  may  determine  when  patients  are  in  distress  and  send  robotic  nurses  to  deliver  them  medication  or  enable  them  to  have  a  facetoface  video  chat  with  a  medical  professional  who  is  otherwise  unable  to  reach  the  patient.  thus,  healthcare  service  providers  of  the  future  will  find  it  much  easier  to  grapple  with  the  rising  number  of  citizens  who  find  themselves  in  need  of  healthcare  services.  the  field  of  healthcare  is  not  the  only  realm  of  human  affairs  that  is  about  to  be  greatly  upset  by  the  introduction  of  robotics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy working  handinhand  with  iot  applications,  either.  industrial  robotics  was  once  defined  by  unadvanced,  dull  machines  that  handled  mundane  task  more  efficiently  than  human  workers  ever  could.  the  future  of  industrial  robotics,  however,  will  be  defined  by  much  more  complex  robots  which  rely  on  iot  applications  to  feed  them  steady  streams  of  easilymanageable  data.  for  example,  have  combined  the  machine  learning  potential  of  robots  with  the  communicative  benefits  of  the  internet  of  things.  these  warehouse  robots  navigate  independently  by  reading  barcode  stickers  on  the  floor  and  communicate  to  avoid  collisions  with  one  another  while  picking  and  packing  online  orders.  recent  studies
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  stratistics  mrc  have  consistently  forecasted  a  cagr  of  for  the  global  market  for  the  internet  of  robotic  things,  so  the  adoption  of  these  applications  should  not  be  expected  to  slow  down  anytime  soon.  as  narrow  iot  applications  become  more  capable  of  feeding  useful  data  to  robots  which  need  said  information  to  capably  navigate  their  environments  and  achieve  their  goals,  these  intelligent  machines  will  grow  to  become  even  more  crucial  facets  of  our  economy.  robotics  has  always  been  an  impressive  field  capable  of  wowing  everyday  people  and  tech  experts  alike,  but  the  innovations  we  have  seen  thus  far  will  pale
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  comparison  to  what  is  yet  to  come.  internetenabled  machines  are  simply  better  than  their  older  counterparts  which  are  incapable  of  integrating  with  the  sensors  and  other  machines  in  their  nearby  environment.  as  the  robots  of  the  future  become  more  capable  of  connecting  to  the  web  and  working  with  the  machines  and  sensors  around  them,  we  will  see  machines  that  are  not  as  expensive  to  build  yet  nonetheless  function  better  than  their  more  expensive  ancestors.  iotaided  robotics  still  has  a  long  way  to  go,  but  the  impressive  progress  we  are  seeing  made  on  a  daily  basis  indicates  that  baffling  innovations
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  be  here  sooner  rather  than  later.  businesses  and  it  specialists  which  have  been  ignoring  the  evergrowing  union  between  robotics  and  iot  sensors  need  to  wake  up  and  realize  that  the  future  of  the  marketplace  will  be  determined  by  iot  applications  which  pair  seamlessly  with  clever,  autonomous  machines  which  are  not  so  reliant  on  cloud  computing.  the  future  of  robots  lies  in  their  being  considered  things  which  can  be  connected  to  other  iot  devices  and  sensors  around  them.  by  combining  the  power  of  these  two  technologies,  we  will  be  more  capable  than  ever  before  of  making  use  of  the  huge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sums  of  data  we  produce  every  day.  perhaps  even  more  importantly,  the  increased  reliance  on  robots  across  the  marketplace  will  greatly  expand  the  scope  of  most  iot  applications,  helping  deliver  increased  connectivity  and  efficiency  to  us  all.  read  about  the  latest  technological  developments  and  data  trends  transforming  the  world  of  gaming  analytics  in  this  exclusive  ebook  from  the  datax  team.  sign  up  for  this  week  in  innovation  to  stay  up  to  date  with  all  the  news,  features,  interviews  and  more  from  the  worlds  most  innovative  companies  read  next:  three  key  enterprise  iot  opportunities  for  business  i
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cofounder  at  howtotoken  while  making  geekforge  a  daily  listing  of  interesting  coding  taskswe  researched  several  sources  where  you  can  learn  robotics  and  iot,  and  we  thought  it  would  be  a  good  idea  to  share  this  list  withyou.  while  the  first  smart  device  is  dated  back  to  1982  a  ,  robots  and  internetpowered  appliances  were  considered  science  fiction  for  decades.  until  today  that  is,  when  nearly  a  of  us  households  own  a  smart  speaker.  a  humanoid  robot,  sophia,  was  even  given  in  saudiarabia.  robotics  and  internet  of  things,  from  a  developer  standpoint,  are  no  more  than  computers  with  better  hardware  capabilities.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy if  youre  deliberately  ignoring  its  innovation  due  to  your  lack  of  physics  knowledge  or  the  financial  investment  needed  of  the  required  devices,  youll  soon  find  out  that  nowadays  you  can  learn  all  the  fundamentals  with  no  monetary  investment  atall.  to  prove  it  to  you,  i  created  a  list  of  the  best  resources  you  can  use  to  start  your  journey  into  learning  about  one  of  the  most  important  innovations  in  technology  thats  already  happening  right  now:  from  drones  delivering  mail  to  fridges  food  and  selfdriving  cars  this  course  provides  an  overview  of  robot  mechanisms,  dynamics,  and  intelligent  controls.  the  course  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy presented  in  the  standard  format  of  lectures,  readings,  and  problemsets.  you  can  solve  tasks  independently  or  discuss  them  with  the  community.  its  the  best  way  to  educate  yourself  on  new  technology  and  build  a  portfolio  of  your  completed  tasks.  the  objective  of  this  course  is  to  provide  the  basic  concepts  and  algorithms  required  to  develop  mobile  robots  that  act  autonomously  in  complex  environments.  this  text  offers  readers  an  introduction  to  the  fundamentals  of  mobile  robotics,  spanning  the  mechanical,  motor,  sensory,  perceptual,  and  cognitive  layers  the  field  is  comprised  of.  this  course  provides  a  mathematical  introduction  to  the  mechanics  and  control
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  robots  that  can  be  modeled  as  kinematic  chains.  this  text  reflects  the  great  advances  that  have  taken  place  in  the  past  ten  years  for  dynamic  and  nonholonomic  systems.  replenishes  the  national  supply  of  robotics  technology  experts  and  expertise.  learn  the  building  blocks  for  starting  a  career  in  robotics.  gain  experience  by  programming  robots  to  perform  in  situations  such  as  crisis  management.  in  this  course,  learn  what  iot  is  and  how  it  works  from  a  technical  standpoint.  this  course  is  an  entrylevel  introduction  to  developing  and  deploying  solutions  for  the  internet  ofthings.  this  course  will  help  you  gain  adequate  knowledge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy about  the  internet  ofthings.  this  course  will  quickly  teach  you  the  most  important  details  regarding  the  integration  of  cloud  computing  and  the  iot,  which  will  give  your  computer  programming  career  a  solidboost.  this  course  will  teach  you  the  fundamental  risks  prevalent  in  the  iot  space  as  well  as  the  skills  and  techniques  required  to  assess  and  mitigatethem.  this  module  introduces  common  lowlevel  security  problems  and  solutions  throughexample.  these  ted  talks  offer  fantastic  demos  and  serious  ideas  on  our  evolving  relationship  withrobots.  robots  are  not  here  yet  like  the  scifi  movies  imagined  them,  but  smart  devices  thinking  for  themselves  are  definitely
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  reality  today.  do  you  want  to  bring  forth  the  next  device  that  would  make  our  lives  easier?  you  can  start  with  a  video  course,  a  youtube  series,  or  by  signing  yourself  up  for  the  daily  tasks  on  geekforge.  anything  is  better  than  just  sitting  on  your  hands  allday.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  catch  up  on  the  latest  statistics  around  iot  and  industrial  iot.  higher  speed,  lower  latency  opens  up  abilities  for  robots,  iot  sensors,  and  software.  why  checking  equipment  and  calibration  in  real  time  keeps  product  quality  high.  here  are  some  of  the  most  innovative  robots,  drones,  and  ai  applications  seen  among  the  international  startups  in  eureka  park  2019.  while  it  may  be  some  time  before  robot  swarms  can  eradicate  tumors  or  eliminate  the  need  for  certain  procedures,  researchers  are  finding  promising  uses  for  smarter  swarms.  every  automation  business  or  user  of  robotics  wants  to  know  where  the  technology  and  markets
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  heading.  here  are  our  predictions.  smart  cities  and  smart  factories  need  a  better  way  to  coordinate  controls  than  by  creating  a  single  point  of  failure.  airalab  offers  a  p2p  network  approach  and  is  applying  blockchain  technology  to  manufacturing.  we  asked  leaders  in  the  robotics  industry  to  look  ahead  and  predict  the  top  trends  for  next  year.  heres  what  they  told  us.  ai  world  speakers  described  bringing  human  traits,  ethics,  and  lots  more  data  to  machine  learning  applications.  despite  the  hype  around  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  analytics  at  the  edge  could  help  manufacturers  better  manage  big  data,  says  greenwave
__label__controloptimizationautonomy systems  john  crupi.  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest  from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you  gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,  all  of  our  research  and  reports,  indepth  company  profiles,  and  much  more.  2019  robotics  business  review  a  division  of  eh  publishing,  inc.  d.b.a  eh  media  111  speen  street,  framingham  ma  01701  u.s.a.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  provide  complete  robotic  development  platform  giving  you  easytouse  hardware,  software  cloud  solution  for  your  dream  robot.  we  provide  autonomous  robots  which  can  be  used  as  a  learning  platform  for  robot  operating  system  ros  as  well  as  a  base  for  a  variety  of  robotic  applications  such  as  research  and  inspection  robots,  custom  service  robots  and  much  more.  we  provide  autonomous  robot  platforms  for  research  and  education  with  software  tools  to  connect  your  robots  over  the  internet.  we  provide  mobile  robot  platforms  and  tools  to  connect  them  over  the  internet.  we  provide  mobile  robots,  development  platform  and  state  of  the  art
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet  connectivity  solutions.  we  provide  hardware,  software  and  connectivity  solutions  which  allow  you  to  build  your  own  autonomous  systems  easily  and  efficiently.  rosbot  is  an  autonomous,  open  source  robot  platform  based  on  ros.  reinforced  with  a  development  platform  and  free  online  tools  such  as  web  ui,  set  of  tutorials,  manuals,  simulation  model  and  more,  it  is  a  great  choice  for  learning  how  to  program  autonomous  vehicles.  autonomous,  mobile  robot  platform  dedicated  for  outdoor  environment.  depending  on  the  usecase  it  can  be  equiped  with  a  robot  arm,  lidar,  rgbd  camera,  gps,  uwb  and  other  additional  equipment.  it  can  be  used  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy various  areas  of  application  such  as  agriculture,  rescue,  inspection  and  many  more.  it  allows  you  to  manage  your  robots  over  the  internet.  you  dont  need  to  install  any  software  to  start  developing.  span  a  hrefhttps://husarion.com/tutorials/othertutorials/offlinedevelopmenttools/offline  /a  tools  are  also  available.  /span  if  you  want  to  work  offline,  tools  for  that  are  also  available.  program  your  robots  directly  from  a  web  browser.  all  development  tools  are  available  in  the  cloud.  share  your  robots  with  the  members  of  your  team  via  direct  link  or  through  an  email  control  your  robots  from  a  dedicated  web  user  interface  in  real  time  p2p  vpn  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy dedicated  for  robots,  autonomous  vehicles  and  industrial  iot  applicaitons.  it  allows  you  to  connect  your  devices  without  any  central  cloud  forwarding  traffic.  think  of  it  as  global  lan  network  for  your  devices.  we  have  vast  experience  in  designing  and  building  autonomous  mobile  robots  amr  dedicated,  among  other,  for  inspection,  agriculture  and  transportation  applications.  we  are  able  to  handle  a  full  spectrum  of  areas  associated  with  designing  amrs:  a  hrefmailto:contacthusarion.com  classbtn  btnprimary  floatcenter  mt4  tell  us  about  your  project  /a  company  developers  newsletter  social
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  email  has  been  sent  to  .  please  check  your  email  and  click  the  provided  link  to  continue.  waiting  for  email  verification...  an  email  has  been  sent  to  .  please  check  your  email  and  click  the  provided  link  to  continue.  verified  thank  you  please  provide  a  company  email  address  to  gain  access  to  pricing  information.  if  youve  already  registered  with  us,  you  can  instead.  if  you  would  like  to  download  this  research  deliverable,  please  contact  your  abi  representative  or  call  1.516.624.2500  in  the  americas,  44.203.326.0140  in  europe,  or  65.6592.0290  in  asiapacific.  compare  all  plans  related  service:  industrial,  collaborative  commercial  robotics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  technologies,  architectures,  and  services  that  allow  massive  numbers  of  sensor  enabled,  uniquely  addressable  things  to  communicate  with  each  other  and  transfer  data  over  pervasive  networks  using  internet  protocols,  is  expected  to  be  the  next  great  technological  innovation  and  business  opportunity.  it  will  exceed  in  size  and  importance  both  the  personal  computer  and  mobile  communications  markets,  and  even  the  development  of  the  internet  itself.  at  this  time,  most  iot  initiatives  are  focused  on  using  connected  devices  with  simple,  onboard,  passive  sensors  to  manage,  monitor  and  optimize  systems  and  their  processes.  this  alone  will  be  hugely
__label__controloptimizationautonomy impactful;  however,  it  is  not  too  soon  for  forwardthinking  companies  to  explore  the  more  advanced  and  transformational  aspects  of  ubiquitous  connectivity  to,  and  communication  among,  smart  devices.  this  research  study  introduces  the  concept  of  the  internet  of  robotic  things  iort,  where  intelligent  devices  can  monitor  events,  fuse  sensor  data  from  a  variety  of  sources,  use  local  and  distributed  intelligence  to  determine  a  best  course  of  action,  and  then  act  to  control  or  manipulate  objects  in  the  physical  world,  and  in  some  cases  while  physically  moving  through  that  world.  it  will  also  examine  the  many  ways  iot  technologies  and  robotic  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy intersect  to  provide  advanced  robotic  capabilities,  along  with  novel  applications,  and  by  extension,  new  business,  and  investment  opportunities.  2019  allied  business  intelligence,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  this  document  is  protected  by  us  and  international  copyright  law.  no  part  of  this  document  may  be  republished  or  entered  into  an  information  storage  /  retrieval  system  or  database  of  any  kind  without  the  expressed  written  permission  of  abi  research.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy datafloq  is  the  onestop  source  for  big  data,  blockchain  and  artificial  intelligence.  we  offer  information,  insights  and  opportunities  to  drive  innovation  with  emerging  technologies.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  topic  that  is  cont...  ever  since  completing  our  popular  series,  sharing  re...  copyright  2019  datafloq  copyright  2019  datafloq  in  order  to  optimize  the  website  and  to  continuously  improve  datafloq,  we  use  cookies.  for  more  information  click  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy two  of  the  hottest  buzzwords  in  real  world  technology  are  industry  4.0  and  the  internet  of  things  iot.  sometimes  they  are  used  almost  interchangeably,  but  while  there  is  an  overlap,  they  are  not  synonymous.  ive  about  them  in  the  past,  but  heres  the  skinny  on  what  they  are,  how  they  are  related  and  what  smart  manufacturers  are  doing  to  leverage  the  data  they  both  produce.  the  internet  of  things  involves  adding  digital  sensors  and  networking  technologies  to  the  devices  and  systems  that  we  use  every  day  in  the  analog  world.  some  of  the  most  wellknown  consumer  examples  are  nest  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ecobee  smart  thermostats  and  amazons  alexapowered  devices  including  the  echo  smart  speaker.  smart  thermostats  have  sensors  in  multiple  rooms,  and  connect  to  your  phone  and  the  internet  to  allow  you  extended  control  over  the  temperature.  they  can  also  be  connected  to  algorithms  to  control  the  temperature  when  youre  not  home  or  based  on  weather  patterns.  they  can  even  detect  when  you  leave.  the  internet  of  things  extends  well  into  commercial  and  municipal  uses  as  well  and  can  include  everything  from  building  temperature  control  systems  to  sensor  enabled  trucks  to  digital  manufacturing  control  systems.  on  the  internet  of  things  that  covers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy additional  uses.  refers  to  the  use  of  automation  and  data  exchange  in  manufacturing.  there  are  nine  principal  technologies  that  make  up  industry  4.0:  autonomous  robots,  simulation,  horizontal  and  vertical  system  integration,  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  cybersecurity,  the  cloud,  additive  manufacturing,  data  and  analytics,  and  augmented  reality.  these  technologies  are  used  to  create  a  smart  factory  where  machines,  systems,  and  humans  communicate  with  each  other  in  order  to  coordinate  and  monitor  progress  along  the  assembly  line.  networked  devices  provide  sensor  data  and  are  digitally  controlled.  the  net  effect  is  the  ability  to  rapidly  design,  modify,  create,  and  customize  things  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  real  world,  while  lowering  costs  and  reacting  to  changes  in  consumer  preferences,  demand,  the  supply  chain,  and  technology.  so  how  are  industry  4.0  and  iot  related  exactly?  industry  4.0  uses  an  internet  of  things,  or  at  least  an  intranet  of  things,  in  order  to  perform  digital  manufacturing.  all  devices,  robots,  simulations,  and  tools  have  sensors  and  provide  data.  additionally,  no  manufacturer  is  an  island  as  nearly  every  manufacturer  has  a  supply  chain  which  in  turn  has  its  own  tools,  and  its  own  data,  processes,  and  network.  bringing  each  of  these  networks  together  into  a  bigger  internet  of  things  promises
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  allow  the  entire  supply  chain  to  react  more  seamlessly  to  the  market.  this  networked  information  sharing  will  help  address  long  standard  manufacturing  problems  like  the  or  tracing  quality  issues  down  a  supply  chain.  given  that  both  industry  4.0  and  iot  demand  linking  together  previously  independent  devices  and  systems,  it  isnt  surprising  that  a  chief  shared  concern  is  security.  as  the  trend  of  using  smart  devices  increases,  it  will  be  harder  to  track  breeches  and  manage  all  of  those  devices  p6.  industry  is  ,  melding  new  technologies  with  standard  it  security  technologies  like  network  security  and  encryption.  another  hurdle  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy both  iot  and  industry  4.0  has  been  the  lack  of  standards.  having  a  bunch  of  smart  devices  is  great,  but  if  they  all  record  data  in  their  own  format  and  require  their  own  protocol,  integrating  them  into  an  automated  factory  will  be  cost  prohibitive  and  difficult.  manufacturing  giants  like  ,  the  eclipse  foundation,  and  have  been  working  on  standard  communication  protocols  and  architectures  like  ,  ,  and  .  these  all  aim  to  help  smart  devices,  including  those  on  the  factory  floor,  communicate  with  each  other  and  provide  common  data  formats.  but  more  data  formats  can  mean  more  difficulty  in  creating
__label__controloptimizationautonomy one  data  model.  there  are  additional  and  iot  from  talent  development  to  it  integration  as  well  as  the  mere  immaturity  of  some  of  the  technologies.  as  with  any  great  transformation,  there  will  be  transitions  that  hybridize  older  methods  and  technologies  with  the  new,  along  with  risks  and  rewards.  a  a  trolly  on  a  track  drawn  by  a  horse.  a  hybrid  technology  in  place  contemporaneously  with  trolleys,  early  automobiles,  and  trains.  search  is  the  original  big  data  technology  and  iot  and  industry  4.0  will  create  massive  amounts  of  data.  being  able  to  ingest  that  data  quickly  to  find  and  analyze  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  efficiently  and  effectively  will  be  perhaps  the  greatest  challenge  and  opportunity  of  industry  4.0.  in  addition,  providing  appropriate  information  to  humans  in  the  process  permeates  many  of  the  challenges  of  industry  4.0.  whether  it  is  a  shortage  of  talent  or  organizing  new  talent,  success  will  require  presenting  them  with  the  relevant  information  they  need,  personalized  to  them  and  their  task  at  hand.  moreover,  industry  4.0  will  produce  a  lot  of  stuff  from  digital  twins  to  actual  components.  it  will  be  essential  to  track,  organize,  understand,  and  find  those  components  in  context.  in  other  words:  if  smart  devices  are  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fingers,  arms,  and  limbs,  and  the  internet  is  the  nervous  system,  then  search  is  the  the  brain  behind  industry  4.0  that  makes  everything  work  together.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  235  montgomery  st.  suite  500  san  francisco,  ca  94104  2019  lucidworks
__label__controloptimizationautonomy these  iot  devices  communicate  and  transmit  to  other  devices  and  to  hubs  and  next  to  platforms  where  the  data  is  analyzed  if  not  done  at  the  edge  through  and  feeds  applications,  and  systems  of  insight  to  take  decisions,  visualize  issues  and  patterns,  steer  processes  and  so  forth.  so,  there  is  data  gathering,  analytics,  communication,  the  cloud,  middleware  and  applications,  leveraging  the  data  from  somewhat  passive  sensors.  m2m,  communication  between  devices  and  whereby  m2m  is  a  subset  of  the  internet  of  things  these  outcomes  are  the  many  iot  use  cases:  setting  up  a  smart  parking  system,  developing  a  precision  farming  project,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy monitoring  and  reducing  air  pollution  and,  in  ,  use  cases  such  as  predictive  maintenance  or  enhancing  the  safety  of  workers,  for  instance  in  or  in  .  with  the  latter  use  cases,  typically  part  of  what  is  called  the  or  ,  we  come  in  industries  where  the  physical  component  is  very  high  and  there  is  a  large  ot  aspect.  obviously,  robotics  is  about  more  than  just  industrial  robots.  we  see  a  growth  in  various  segments  of  the  broader  robotics  ecosystem,  including  personal  robots,  but  its  clear  that  robots  in  industrial  markets  represent  a  big  chunk.  weve  explained  how,  thanks  to  connecting
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robots  through  the  internet  of  things,  could,  among  others  move  towards  and  entirely  new  services.  however,  in  such  cases  there  remains  an  important  human  element  and,  in  essence,  we  are  still  talking  about  applications  in  the  scope  of  leveraging  sensorbased  data  to  achieve  specific  outcomes  based  on  this  realtime  data.  in  industry  4.0  or  the  industrial  internet,  this  bridging  of  physical  and  digital  worlds  is  referred  to  as  cyber  physical  systems  even  if  there  is  a  bit  more  to  it  .  all  by  all  this  bridging  is  still  relatively  easy,  even  if  it  opens  up  new  worlds  of  possibilities  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  still  discover.  however,  what  if  we  took  it  a  step  further  and  really  integrated  digital  and  physical  in  robots  that  have  the  possibility  to  take  autonomous  decisions  within  a  specific  context  and  scope,  as  they  are  not  just  embedded  with  internet  of  things  components  but  also  can  analyze  the  data  and  act  upon  them.  before  you  think  what,  another  acronym  and  term  on  top  of  iot,  iiot,  ioe  and  so  forth  :  the  concept  isnt  new.  .  the  thing  is  that  in  2016  weve  seen  the  first  real  initiatives  pop  up  and  that  youll  increasingly  hear  about  it  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  robotic  things  is  happening,  maturing  and  becoming  a  reality.  this  would  mean  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  for  the  iort  market  of  29.7  percent  until  2022.  to  put  this  into  perspective:  in  the  utilities  market  mainly  smart  grid  in  2016  totaled  69  billion.  although  2022  is  still  far  away  it  gives  you  an  idea  of  the  iort  markets  importance  if  the  forecasts  are  more  or  less  correct.  this  is  even  more  impressive  if  we  know  that  the  internet  of  robotic  things,  although  being  very  real,  is  still  in  its  early  days.  .the  concept  of  the  internet
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  robotic  things  iort,  where  intelligent  devices  can  monitor  events,  fuse  sensor  data  from  a  variety  of  sources,  use  local  and  distributed  intelligence  to  determine  a  best  course  of  action,  and  then  act  to  control  or  manipulate  objects  the  physical  world,  and  in  some  cases  while  physically  moving  through  that  world.  in  the  sense  that  it  has  embedded  monitoring  and  sensing  capabilities  and  at  the  same  time  can  get  sensor  data  from  other  sources  which  are  fused  for  the  acting  purpose  of  the  device.  in  other  words  it  can  analyze  the  data  from  the  events  it  monitors  which  by  definition
__label__controloptimizationautonomy means  a  presence  of  edge  computing  or  fog  computing  in  many  circumstance  and  has  access  to  analyzed  data.  ,  whereby  an  action  can  be  the  control  or  manipulation  of  a  physical  object  in  the  physical  world.  and,  if  its  purpose  is  to  do  so  and  it  has  been  designed  to  be  able  to,  the  device  or  robot  can  also  move  in  that  physical  world.  in  this  stage  and  looking  at  the  cases  we  can  also  include  notifying  or  alerting,  based  upon  the  analysis  of  a  physical  event  to  the  actions.  thinking  about  that  cyberphysical  iot  promise,  it  does  emphasize  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy physical  aspect  more  than  is  the  case  in  most  iot  projects  today  where  the  main  focus  is  on  cyber  component,  .  first  of  all  lets  remind  its  still  early  days  but,  more  importantly  lets  look  at  use  cases  and  what  exactly  is  mean  with  control  or  manipulation  of  a  physical  object  and  youll  see  we  are  very  far  from  those  movie  robots.  before  doing  so  lets  also  remind  that  we  are  speaking  about  robotics  in  the  broader  sense,  so  not  just  industrial  robots,  even  if  thats  where  we  see  some  actual  projects.  however,  according  to  the  earlier  mentioned  research,  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy growth  of  the  iort  market  will  be  driven  by,  among  others  applications  in  ecommerce  e.g.  at  amazon,  more  below  .  but  also  think  robots  in  healthcare,  domestic  appliances  personal  robots  and  vehicles.  time  for  some  examples,  initiatives  and  use  cases  in  the  internet  of  robotic  things.  in  the  industrial  internet  or  industry  4.0  space,  fanuc,  a  wellknown  japanese  and  globally  active  manufacturer  of  industrial  and  intelligent  robots  ad  expert  in  factory  automation,  joined  forces  with  rockwell  automation,  preferred  networks  and  cisco  for  the  development  of  a  system  called  fanuc  intelligent  edge  link  and  drive.  it  uses  sensors,  middleware,  deep  learning,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy edge  computing  and  more  to  enable  industrial  robotics  devices  that  coordinate  and  collaborate  read:  act.  industrial  collaborative  robots  are  one  of  the  main  areas  in  iort.  obviously  these  are  all  still  relatively  early  initiatives.  you  can  imagine  applications  in  the  personal  robot  space,  as  said  also  a  growing  phenomenon,  whereby  robots  can  take  real  physical  action  by  learning  and  combining  sensor  data,  whether  its  in  garden  maintenance,  support  of  the  elderly  or  cleaning.  an  often  mentioned  example  in  this  regard  is  cleaning  appliances.  in  many  of  these  areas  initiatives  are  already  taken  and,  when  research  and  markets  announced  its  iort
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forecasts  it  cited  a  growing  need  for  personal  robots  in  the  mentioned  examples  of  domestic  cleaning  and  elderly  assistance.  and  lets  not  forget  healthcare.  there  are  more  examples  in  the  article  weve  mentioned.  and  even  these  are  only  the  start.  finally,  note  that,  for  instance  in  a  manufacturing  context,  iort  and  robots  that  can  take  decisions  and  collaborate  dont  mean  the  human  element  is  entirely  gone.  as  mentioned  in  our  overview  of  ,  for  instance,  we  cited  findings  from  idcs  futurescape  released  end  november  2016.  one  of  them:  by  2020,  60  of  plant  floor  workers  at  g2000  manufacturers  will  work
__label__controloptimizationautonomy alongside  automated  assistance  technologies  such  as  robotics,  3d  printing,  ai,  and  ar/vr.  collaborations  between  machine  and  machine,  and  between  man  and  machine.  thats  the  bigger  idea,  for  now.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ,  although  its  still  early  days  to  truly  gauge  the  immediate  impact  of  5g  on  businesses,  you  should  all  embrace  for  a  shinier  future.  the  role  of  5g  on  the  worlds  economy  would  be  profound,  especially  in  pushing  the  adoption  rates  of  emerging  technologies  ai,the  iot,  and  ar.  these  emerging  techs  are  conspicuous  with  their  farreaching  benefits  and  longterm  economic  potential.  according  to  a  study  by  global  data,  the  intrinsic  capacity  of  the  fifthgeneration  cellular  technology  to  connect  the  internets  end  systems  with  enhanced  data  flows  and  faster  response  times  will  unlock  the  full  potential  of  emerging  technologies.  the  buzz
__label__controloptimizationautonomy about  5g  adoption  has  created  a  whirlwind  interest  among  emerging  tech  innovators  and  vendors.  when  businesses  have  access  to  fifthgeneration  throughput  of  gigabytes  and  latency  of  fewer  than  10  milliseconds,  we  can  foresee  an  accelerated  growth  in  ai,  connected  devices,  the  internet  of  things,  drones,  robotics,  and  augmented  reality.  ,  director  of  disruptive  tech  at  globaldata,  said,  in  addition  to  the  striking  speed,  which  enables  data  transmission  between  two  end  systems  almost  instantly,  5gs  ability  to  connect  thousands  of  such  devices  at  once  with  lower  latency,  higher  reliability,  and  lesser  battery  consumption  lays  a  strong  foundation  for  the  effective  adoption
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  emerging  technologies.  according  to  ,  its  time  to  get  ready  for  a  holistic  evolution  of  society  and  business,  intersecting  with  the  development  of  smart  cities.  will  definitely  see  a  heightened  growth  for  pervasive  iot,  wireless  factories  and  autonomous  cars.  according  to  a  study,  5g  will  facilitate  many  emerging  technologies  such  as  driverless  cars,  mobile  payments,  and  remote  monitoring  and  control.  it  reported  around  80  of  the  businesses  are  already  prepared  for  the  disruptions  that  emerging  technologies  could  cause  in  the  next  three  years.  marketing  technology  news:  only  15  of  the  businesses  are  doubtful  and  hasty  about  the  future  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy emerging  technology  and  their  preparedness  to  tackle  disruption  caused  by  5gs  arrival.  5g  mobile  and  wireless  technologycan  influence  the  deployment  of  emerging  technologies,  notably  the  internet  of  things  iot,  autonomous  vehicles,  robotics  drones  and  virtual  reality  vr.  5g  can  find  its  major  use  case  in  helping  iot  applications  to  overcome  the  limitations  of  4g  in  industries  such  as  mining,  where  lower  latency  and  reliability  are  critical  for  daily  operations  and  safety.  swedishminer  boliden  collaborated  with  ericsson  to  deploy  5g  at  its  aitik  mine  fitted  with  hundreds  of  sensors  for  industrial  automation.  boliden  expects  to  uncover  a  potential  business  value  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  2.5m  us2.7m  in  net  savings  annually  with  the  use  of  5g  networks.  the  cellular  vehicletoeverything  cv2x  communication  project  by  5g  automotive  association  5gaa  consortium,  which  has  audi  and  bmw  as  members,  is  looking  up  to  5g  to  extend  communication  range  and  enable  faster  data  transmission  between  numerous  sensors  in  the  driving  environment  and  centralized  servers  to  coordinate  autonomous  driving  safely  and  efficiently.  5g  can  fill  the  gaps  in  4g  with  virtually  instantaneous  response  times  essential  for  robots  to  process  more  data  in  realtime,  absorb  new  things  and  better  communicate  with  the  real  world.  while  a  5g  robot  by  kt
__label__controloptimizationautonomy corp  is  already  active  in  south  korea  for  coffee  making,  the  technology  is  expected  to  be  the  key  enabler  of  nextgeneration  robotic  applications  such  as  telesurgery.  guy  kirkwood,  chief  evangelist  at  technologies  like  artificial  intelligence  ai  can  greatly  enhance  patient  care  by  streamlining  nhs  processes  and  minimizing  costs,  so  we  are  naturally  in  full  support  of  this  move.  training  will  need  to  be  offered  so  that  staff  can  adapt  to  these  new  systems,  but  this  will  pay  huge  dividends  in  the  long  run  as  well  as  help  upskill  employees.  our  muchloved  and  muchbeleaguered  nhs  is  under  constant  pressure  to  deliver
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  with  fewer  resources  which  is  where  ai,  and  specifically  robotic  process  automation  rpa,  can  alleviate  these  challenges,  driving  enhanced  efficiency  and  growth.  according  to  ,  healthcare  has  a  36  automation  potential  with  more  than  a  third  of  healthcare  tasks,  including  managerial,  backoffice  functions,  ripe  for  automation.  in  freeing  up  resources,  rpa  can  help  provide  greater  patient  care:  the  very  thing  the  nhs  stands  for.  additionally,5gs  elevated  bandwidth  will  enable  drones  to  go  higher  and  see  farther.  5genabled  drones  would  shoot  live  4k  or  360degree  videos  through  their  cameras  and  revolutionize  the  way  people  watch  videos,  cover  live  events,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy detect  threats.  marketing  technology  news:  the  widespread  adoption  of  depends  on  reliable  5g  networks  as  the  immersive  technology  consumes  huge  data.  the  vr  headmounted  displays  currently  require  a  powerful  pc  to  run  and  store,  which  means  the  experiences  are  confined  to  a  location  and  requires  high  power.  the  edge  cloud  capabilities  of  5g  look  to  have  a  solution  for  all  these  problems.  dasgupta  added,  while  the  commercial  adoption  of  5g  for  broader  industrial  applications  is  expected  to  take  off  in  the  early  2020s,  its  mainstream  adoption  could  take  longer  due  to  several  hurdlesthe  most  crucial  being  cost.  as  the  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy uses  a  totally  different  wavelength  and  needs  much  higher  bandwidth  compared  to  4g  and  3g,  it  requires  network  operators  to  replace  the  entire  existing  infrastructure.  however,  5g  adoptions  will  increase  gradually  and  complement  the  effective  implementation  of  emerging  technologies.  while  we  shine  our  mirrors  for  5gs  success,  its  important  to  ready  ourselves  for  the  most  cited  barriers  that  could  crop  within  the  5g  ecosystem.  the  top  barriers  to  adopting  technologies  powered  by  5gs  arrival  are:  via,  deloittes  5g  mobile  technology  are  businesses  ready  to  seize  the  opportunity?  the  future  will  be  brutally  competitive,  but  clean  with  a  fair  opportunity  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy dublin,  july  16,  2019  globe  newswire  the  report  has  been  added  to  offering.  artificial  intelligence  ai  algorithms  enhance  the  ability  for  big  data  analytics  and  iot  platforms  to  provide  value  to  each  of  these  market  segments.  the  report  sees  three  different  types  of  iot  data:  1  raw  untouched  and  unstructured  data,  2  meta  data  about  data,  and  3  transformed  valuedadded  data.  artificial  intelligence  ai  will  be  useful  in  support  of  managing  each  of  these  data  types  in  terms  of  identifying,  categorizing,  and  decision  making.  ai  coupled  with  advanced  big  data  analytics  provides  the  ability  to  make  raw  data  meaningful  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy useful  as  information  for  decisionmaking  purposes.  the  use  of  ai  for  decision  making  in  iot  and  data  analytics  will  be  crucial  for  efficient  and  effective  decision  making,  especially  in  the  area  of  streaming  data  and  realtime  analytics  associated  with  edge  computing  networks.  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  solutions  are  poised  to  transform  many  industry  verticals  including  healthcare,  retail,  automotive,  and  transport.  for  many  industries,  iiot  will  significantly  improve  reliability,  production,  and  customer  satisfaction.  while  iiot  will  initially  improve  existing  processes  and  augmented  current  infrastructure,  the  ultimate  goal  will  be  to  realize  entirely  new,  and  dramatically  improved  products  and  services.  successful
__label__controloptimizationautonomy companies  will  be  those  that  understand  how  and  where  iot  technologies  and  solutions  will  drive  opportunities  for  operational  improvements,  new  and  enhanced  products  and  services,  as  well  as  completely  new  business  models.  iiot  will  significantly  improve  reliability,  production,  and  customer  satisfaction.  initially  focusing  on  improving  existing  processes  and  augmented  current  infrastructure,  iiot  will  rely  upon  as  well  as  integrate  with  certain  key  technologies,  devices,  software,  and  applications.  iiot  involves  a  substantial  breadth  and  depth  of  technologies,  many  of  which  require  careful  integration  and  orchestration.  smart  machines  collectively  represent  intelligent  devices,  machinery,  equipment,  and  embedded  automation  software  that  perform  repetitive  tasks
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  solve  complex  problem  autonomously.  along  with  artificial  intelligence,  iot  connectivity,  and  m2m  communications,  smart  machines  are  a  key  component  of  smart  systems,  which  include  many  emerging  technologies  such  as  smart  dust,  neuro  computing,  and  advanced  robotics.  the  drivers  for  enterprise  and  industrial  adoption  of  smart  machines  include  improvements  in  the  smart  workplace,  smart  data  discovery,  cognitive  automation,  and  more.  currently  conceived  smart  machine  products  include  autonomous  robots  such  as  service  robots,  selfdriving  vehicles,  expert  systems  such  as  medical  decision  support  systems,  medical  robots,  intelligent  assistants  such  as  automated  online  assistants,  virtual  private  assistants  siri,  google  assistant,  amazon  alexa,  etc.,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy embedded  software  systems  such  as  machine  monitoring  and  control  systems,  neurocomputers  such  as  purposebuilt  intelligent  machines,  and  smart  wearable  devices.  this  research  evaluates  various  ai  technologies  and  their  use  relative  to  analytics  solutions  within  the  rapidly  growing  enterprise  and  industrial  data  arena.  the  report  assesses  emerging  business  models,  leading  companies,  and  solutions.  it  also  analyzes  how  different  forms  of  ai  may  be  best  used  for  problemsolving.  the  report  also  evaluates  the  market  for  ai  in  iot  networks  and  systems.  it  provides  forecasting  for  unit  growth  and  revenue  for  both  analytics  and  iot  from  20192024.  this  research  also  provides  and  indepth
__label__controloptimizationautonomy assessment  of  the  chatbots  market  including  global,  regional,  and  country  forecasts.  by  industry,  application,  and  business  model.  the  report  also  includes  market  sizing  by  type  text,  voice,  and  hybrid,  use  case,  deployment  type,  value  chain  component,  market  segment  consumer,  enterprise,  industrial,  government,  industry  vertical  for  years  2019  through  2024.  the  report  provides  analysis  of  the  chatbot  market  across  industry  verticals  with  use  cases  in  diverse  sectors.  it  also  provides  analysis  of  chatbot  companies  including  their  strategic  initiatives,  solutions,  applications,  and  services.  this  research  also  evaluates  iiot  technologies,  companies,  applications,  services,  and  solutions.  report  forecasts  include  overall  global  and  regional  iiot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy outlook  as  well  as  iiot  by  industry  vertical,  software,  hardware,  and  services  for  the  period  2019  to  2024.  this  research  is  critical  to  identifying  opportunities  for  rd,  technology  integration,  and  development  of  new  solutions  and  applications  across  industry  segments.  our  findings,  insights,  data  and  forecasts  are  also  a  key  part  of  capitalizing  upon  the  market  for  new  and  enhanced  hardware,  software,  platforms,  and  services  for  emerging  iot  networks  and  systems.  in  support  of  these  goals,  the  report  provides  critical  analysis  about  iiot  technologies,  companies,  applications,  services,  and  solutions.  this  research  also  evaluates  the  smart  machine  ecosystem  including  technology  building  blocks,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy leading  company  strategies,  products  and  services.  the  report  evaluates  various  smart  machine  solutions,  products,  and  services  including  autonomous  robots,  expert  systems,  intelligent  assistants,  neurocomputers,  and  wearable  devices.  this  report  also  evaluates  the  hardware,  embedded  software,  and  related  services  for  smart  machines.  the  report  also  assesses  the  market  for  smart  machines  in  many  industry  verticals  including  aerospace  and  defense,  automotive,  banking,  consumer  electronics,  healthcare,  industrial  automation,  security,  transportation  and  logistics.  2.1  research  objectives  2.2  key  findings  2.3  target  audience  2.4  companies  in  the  report  3.1  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  3.2  ai  types  3.3  ai  ml  language  3.4  artificial  intelligence  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 3.4.1  machine  learning  3.4.2  natural  language  generation  and  processing  3.4.3  image  processing  3.4.4  voice  recognition  3.4.5  artificial  neural  network  3.4.6  deep  learning  3.4.7  others  3.5  ai  and  ml  technology  goal  3.5.1  reasoning  3.5.2  knowledge  representation  3.5.3  planning  3.5.4  learning  3.5.5  communication  3.5.6  machine  perception  3.5.7  motion  manipulation  3.5.8  social  intelligence  3.5.9  creativity  3.5.10  artificial  general  intelligence  3.5.11  computer  vision  3.5.12  robotics  3.6  ai  approaches  3.6.1  cybernetics  and  brian  simulation  3.6.2  symbolic  3.6.3  subsymbolic  3.6.4  statistical  3.6.5  integration  3.7  ai  tools  3.7.1  search  and  optimization  3.7.2  logic  3.7.3  probability  3.7.4  classifier  and  statistics  3.7.5  neural  network  3.7.6  deep  feedforward  neural  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 3.7.7  deep  recurrent  neural  network  3.7.8  control  theory  3.7.9  language  3.8  ai  outcome  3.8.1  testing  tools  3.8.2  virtual  assistant  3.8.3  ai  optimized  iot  hardware  3.8.4  decision  management  system  3.8.5  biometrics  solution  3.8.6  robotic  process  automation  3.9  neural  network  and  artificial  intelligence  3.10  deep  learning  and  artificial  intelligence  3.11  predictive  analytics  and  artificial  intelligence  3.12  internet  of  things  and  big  data  analytics  3.13  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  3.14  consumer  iot,  big  data  analytics,  and  artificial  intelligence  3.15  industrial  iot,  big  data  analytics,  and  machine  learning  3.16  artificial  intelligence  and  cognitive  computing  3.17  transhumanism  or  h  and  artificial  intelligence  3.18  rise  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy analysis  of  things  aot  3.19  supervised  vs.  unsupervised  learning  3.20  ai  as  new  form  of  ui  4.1  machine  learning  everywhere  4.1.1  machine  learning  as  open  source  technology  4.1.2  machine  learning  and  intelligent  discovery  in  iot  4.1.3  supervised  and  unsupervised  machine  learning  4.1.4  machine  learning  as  big  data  analysis  technique  4.1.5  machine  learning  ai  robots  4.1.6  machine  learning  and  data  democratization  4.2  machine  learning  apis  and  big  data  development  4.2.1  phases  of  machine  learning  apis  4.2.2  machine  learning  api  challenges  4.2.3  top  machine  learning  apis  4.2.3.1  ibm  watson  api  4.2.3.2  microsoft  azure  machine  learning  api  4.2.3.3  google  prediction  api  4.2.3.4  amazon
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machine  learning  api  4.2.3.5  bigml  4.2.3.6  att  speech  api  4.2.3.7  wit.ai  4.2.3.8  alchemyapi  4.2.3.9  diffbot  4.2.3.10  predictionio  4.2.4  machine  learning  api  in  general  application  environment  4.3  enterprise  benefits  of  machine  learning  4.4  machine  learning  in  iot  data  4.5  ultra  scale  analytics  and  artificial  intelligence  4.6  rise  of  algorithmic  business  4.7  cloud  hosted  machine  intelligence  4.8  contradiction  of  machine  learning  4.9  value  chain  analysis  4.9.1  ai  machine  learning  companies  4.9.2  iot  companies  4.9.3  big  data  analytics  providers  4.9.4  connectivity  solution  and  infrastructure  providers  4.9.5  hardware  and  equipment  manufacturers  4.9.6  developers  and  data  scientists  4.9.7  end  users  5.1  intelligence  performance  monitoring  5.2
__label__controloptimizationautonomy infrastructure  monitoring  5.3  generating  accurate  models  5.4  recommendation  engine  5.5  blockchain  and  crypto  technologies  5.6  enterprise  application  5.7  contextual  awareness  5.8  customer  feedback  5.9  selfdriving  car  5.10  fraud  detection  system  5.11  personalized  medicine  and  healthcare  service  5.12  predictive  data  modelling  5.13  smart  machines  5.14  cybersecurity  solutions  5.15  autonomous  agents  5.16  intelligent  assistant  5.17  intelligent  decision  support  system  5.18  risk  management  5.19  data  mining  and  management  5.20  intelligent  robotics  5.21  financial  technology  5.22  machine  intelligence  6.1  enterprise  productivity  gain  6.2  digital  twinning  and  physical  asset  security  6.3  it  process  efficiency  increase  6.4  ai  to  replace  human  form  work  6.5  enterprise  ai
__label__controloptimizationautonomy adoption  trend  6.6  inclusion  of  ai  as  it  requirement  7.1  ecommerce  services  7.2  banking  and  finance  services  7.3  manufacturing  services  7.4  real  estate  services  7.5  government  and  public  services  8.1  google  inc.  8.2  twitter  inc.  8.3  microsoft  corporation  8.4  ibm  corporation  8.5  apple  inc.  8.6  facebook  inc.  8.7  amazon.com  inc.  8.8  skype  8.9  salesforce.com  8.10  intel  corporation  8.11  yahoo  inc.  8.12  aol  inc.  8.13  nvidia  corporation  8.14  x.ai  8.15  tesla  inc.  8.16  baidu  inc.  8.17  h2o.ai  8.18  sparkcognition  inc.  8.19  openai  8.20  inbenta  8.21  cisco  systems  inc.  8.22  infineon  technologies  ag  8.23  mcafee  8.24  happiest  minds  technologies  8.25  tachyus  8.26
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sentrian  8.27  maana  8.28  veros  systems  inc.  8.29  neura  8.30  augury  systems  ltd.  8.31  glassbeam  8.32  comfy  8.33  mnubo  8.34  cb4  8.35  pointgrab  ltd.  8.36  tellmeplus  8.37  moov  8.38  sentenai  inc.  8.39  imagimob  8.40  focusmotion  8.41  mobagel  9.1  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  2019  2024  9.2  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  solution  components  2019  2024  9.2.1  embedded  ai  solutions  9.2.1.1  iot  device  9.2.1.1.1  wearable  devices  9.2.1.1.2  medical  and  healthcare  devices  9.2.1.1.3  industrial  machines  9.2.1.1.4  networking  device  9.2.1.1.5  smart  grid  device  9.2.1.1.6  robots  and  drone  9.2.1.1.6.1  service  robots  9.2.1.1.7  smart  appliances  9.2.1.1.8  security  devices  9.2.1.1.9  entertainment
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devices  9.2.1.1.10  invehicle  device  9.2.1.1.11  military  device  9.2.1.1.12  energy  management  device  9.2.1.1.13  agriculture  specific  device  9.2.1.2  iot  things/objects  9.2.1.3  software  9.2.1.3.1  digital  personal  assistants  9.2.1.4  iot  platform  9.2.2  storage  and  analytics  9.2.2.1  storage  and  analytics  tools  9.2.3  services  9.2.3.1  professional  services  9.3  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  management  functions  9.4  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  technology  9.4.1  machine  learning  9.5  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  industry  vertical  9.5.1  medical  and  healthcare  9.5.2  manufacturing  9.5.3  consumer  electronics  9.5.4  automotive  and  transportation  9.5.5  retail  and  apparel  9.5.6  marketing  and  advertising  9.5.7  fintech  9.5.8
__label__controloptimizationautonomy building  and  construction  9.5.9  agriculture  9.5.10  security  and  surveillance  9.5.11  government,  military,  and  aerospace  9.5.12  human  resource  9.5.13  legal  and  law  9.5.14  telecommunication  and  it  9.5.15  oil,  gas,  and  mining  9.5.16  logistics  9.5.17  education  and  learning  9.6  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  solution  9.7  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  application  9.8  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  deployment  9.8.1  cloud  deployment  9.9  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  ai  system  9.10  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  ai  type  9.11  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connectivity  9.11.1  nontelecom  connectivity  9.11.2  telecom  connectivity  9.11.3  connectivity  standard  9.11.4  enterprise  9.12  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  edge  network  9.13  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  in  smart  city  9.14  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  intent  based  networking  9.15  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  virtualization  9.16  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  5g  9.17  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  blockchain  networks  9.18  ai  in  big  data  and  iot  market  by  region  9.18.1  north  america  9.18.2  asia  pacific  9.18.2.1  china  9.18.2.2  south  korea  9.18.2.3  taiwan
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 9.18.2.4  rest  of  asia  9.18.3  europe  9.18.4  middle  east  and  africa  9.18.5  latin  america  10.1  ai  prediction  10.2  data  analytics  providers  10.3  ai  and  machine  learning  companies  10.4  iot  companies  and  equipment  manufacturers  10.5  service  providers  10.6  enterprises  11.1  ai  embedded  iot  unit  deployment  forecast  11.1.1  iot  unit  deployment  by  solution  11.1.1.1  iot  device  11.1.1.2  iot  things  and  objects  11.1.1.3  iot  semiconductor  11.1.1.4  software  11.1.2  iot  unit  deployment  by  region  11.1.2.1  north  america  11.1.2.2  asia  pacific  11.1.2.3  europe  11.1.2.4  middle  east  and  africa  11.1.2.5  latin  america  11.2  ai  embedded  iot  market  forecast  11.2.1  iot  market  by  segments  11.2.1.1  iot  device
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 11.2.1.2  iot  things  and  objects  11.2.1.3  iot  semiconductor  11.2.1.4  software  11.2.2  iot  market  by  region  11.2.2.1  north  america  11.2.2.2  asia  pacific  11.2.2.3  europe  11.2.2.4  middle  east  and  africa  11.2.2.5  latin  america  2.1  intelligent  chatbots  2.2  chatbots  vs.  virtual  personal  assistants  2.3  chatbots  and  conversational  ui  2.4  role  of  machine  learning  and  ai  2.5  chatbots  vs.  traditional  apps  2.6  chatbots  feature  functionality  3.1  chatbot  open  development  ecosystem  3.2  types  of  chatbots  3.3  chatbot  architecture  3.3.1  generative  models  3.3.2  retrieval  based  models  3.3.3  pattern  based  heuristics  3.4  machine  learning  and  response  generation  in  chatbots  3.5  chatbot  ecosystem  3.5.1  native  chatbots  3.5.2  third
__label__controloptimizationautonomy party  chatbots  3.5.3  corporate  chatbots  3.5.4  chatbots  delivery  channel  3.5.5  technology  assistants  3.5.6  chatbots  application  industry  3.6  beyond  chatbots:  messaging  is  the  new  voice  3.7  potential  business  impact  of  chatbots  3.7.1  establish  scalable  customer  service  3.7.2  develop  customer  intelligence  3.7.3  small  businesses  become  more  competitive  3.7.4  improve  customer  navigational  experience  3.7.5  personalized  sales  and  marketing  3.8  developing  chatbots:  building  blocks  and  costs  analysis  3.8.1  building  blocks  of  chatbots  development  3.8.2  develop  prerequisite  capabilities  3.8.3  development  options  and  costs  3.8.4  choosing  a  self  service  solution  3.9  chatbots  to  make  significant  impact  on  global  economy  3.9.1  impact  on  global  job  market  3.10
__label__controloptimizationautonomy investment  in  the  chatbot  ecosystem  3.11  investment  of  slack  in  chatbots  ecosystem  4.1  swot  analysis  4.2  emerging  chatbot  use  cases  4.2.1  dialog  systems  4.2.2  toy  devices  4.2.3  customer  service  4.2.4  expedite  purchase  process  4.2.5  improve  workplace  productivity  4.2.6  booking  agent  4.2.7  gaming  expert  4.2.8  weather  forecaster  4.2.9  news  reporter  4.2.10  job  hunter  4.2.11  marketer  4.2.12  hair  stylist  and  retailer  4.2.13  food  order  taker  4.2.14  finance  adviser  4.2.15  teacher  4.2.16  legal  advisor  4.2.17  salesman  4.3  market  learning  selfdriving  car  device  failure  4.4  amazon  echo  services  to  hotel  suites  5.1  anboto  group  5.1.1  overview  5.1.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.1.2.1  virtual  assistant
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  customer  service  5.1.2.2  intelligent  chatbots  5.1.2.3  automatic  email  response  and  management  5.1.2.4  social  module  5.1.2.5  feedback  management  and  customer  engagement  suite  5.2  apple  inc.  5.2.1  overview  5.2.2  apple  siri  and  embedded  strategy  5.3  artificial  solutions  ltd.  5.3.1  overview  5.3.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.3.2.1  teneo  platform  5.3.2.2  natural  language  interface  5.3.2.3  digital  employee  5.3.2.4  natural  language  analytics  5.4  idavatars  ida  5.4.1  overview  5.4.2  3d  virtual  assistant  and  insyte  dashboard  5.5  creative  virtual  ltd.  5.5.1  overview  5.5.2  vperson  technology  5.6  cx  company  5.6.1  overview  5.6.2  digital  cx  solutions  5.7  egain  corporation  5.7.1  overview  5.7.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.8  eidoserve
__label__controloptimizationautonomy inc.  5.8.1  overview  5.8.2  abby  and  ivr  solution  5.9  existor  5.9.1  overview  5.9.2  existor  chatbots  5.10  google  5.10.1  overview  5.10.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.10.2.1  google  now  5.10.2.2  google  assistant  5.10.2.3  google  home  5.10.2.4  embedded  strategy  5.10.2.5  allo  5.10.2.6  deepmind  acquisition  5.11  intel  corporation  5.11.1  overview  5.11.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.11.2.1  digital  personal  assistant  for  the  enterprise  5.11.2.2  intel  ai  acquisition  strategy  5.11.2.3  intel  ginger  5.11.2.4  next  gen  ai  chip  strategy  5.11.2.5  intel  jarvis  5.12  microsoft  corporation  5.12.1  overview  5.12.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.12.2.1  microsoft  key  five  assets  strategy  5.12.2.2  microsoft  cortana  5.12.2.3  genee  and  other  acquisition  strategy
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 5.12.2.4  tay  bot  5.12.2.5  xiaoice  5.12.2.6  microsoft  ai  and  research  group  5.12.2.7  industry  collaboration  5.13  speaktoit  inc.  5.13.1  overview  5.13.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.13.2.1  assistant.ai  5.14  inteliwise  sa  5.14.1  overview  5.14.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.14.2.1  virtual  assistant  chatbot  5.14.2.2  facebook  messenger  bot  5.14.2.3  proactive  livechat  5.14.2.4  omnichannel  contact  center  5.14.2.5  egov  5.15  facebook  inc.  5.15.1  overview  5.15.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.15.2.1  facebook  m  5.15.2.2  deeptext:  text  understanding  engine  5.15.2.3  third  party  integration  5.16  salesforce  5.16.1  overview  5.16.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.16.3  einstein  5.16.4  acquisition  strategy  5.17  amazon  5.17.1  overview  5.17.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.17.2.1  amazon
__label__controloptimizationautonomy alexa  voice  5.17.2.2  amazon  echo  5.18  sk  telecom  co,  ltd.  5.18.1  overview  5.18.2  solution  and  strategic  initiatives  5.18.2.1  nugu  5.18.2.2  inclusion  of  conexant  systems  ai  capabilities  5.19  motion.ai  5.20  indigo  5.21  vokul  5.22  24me  5.23  robin  5.24  wunderlist  5.25  cubic  5.26  hound  5.27  sirius  5.28  yahoo  inc.  5.28.1  overview  5.28.2  yahoo  chatbots  on  kik  and  facebook  messenger  5.29  helpshift  5.30  haptik,  inc.  5.31  aspect  software,  inc.  5.31.1  aspect  mila:  workforce  chatbot  5.31.2  aspect  chatbots  based  on  itr  5.32  inbenta  technologies  inc.  5.32.1  inbenta  chatbots  to  skype  and  facebook  messenger  5.32.2  inbenta  chatbot  development  platform  5.33  twilio  5.33.1  twilio  supports  hellovote
__label__controloptimizationautonomy chatbot  5.33.2  exclusive  interview  of  twilio  5.33.2.1  overall  twilios  comments  on  bots  5.33.2.2  twilios  responds  to  key  questions  5.34  ibm  watson  6.1  chatbots  to  redefine  hci  6.2  marketing  guide  for  the  future  6.3  ai  chatbots  app  6.4  recommendations  to  market  players  6.4.1  chatbots  for  consumer  market  6.4.2  integration  and  convergence  in  enterprise  and  industrial  segment  6.4.3  recommendations  to  investors  7.1  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  type  2019  2024  7.2  ai  based  chatbots  by  interface  type  2019  2024  7.2.1  ai  based  voice  chatbots  by  subcategory  2019  2024  7.3  global  market  size  ai  chatbots  by  value  chain  components  2019  2024
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 7.4  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  business  model  2019  2024  7.5  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  deployment  2019  2024  7.6  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  market  segment  2019  2024  7.7  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  applications  2019  2024  7.8  global  markets  for  ai  based  chat  by  use  case  2019  2024  7.9  global  markets  for  ai  based  chatbots  by  industry  vertical  2019  2024  8.1  ai  based  chatbot  market  by  region  2019  2024  8.2  north  america  ai  based  chatbot  markets  by  country  2019  2024  8.3  latin  america  ai  based  chatbot  markets  by  country  2019
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 2024  8.4  europe  ai  based  chatbot  markets  by  country  2019  2024  8.5  apac  ai  based  chatbot  markets  by  country  2019  2024  8.6  mea  ai  based  chatbot  markets  by  country  2019  2024  9.1  global  market  for  conversational  ai  by  deployment  type  2019  2024  9.2  global  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  value  chain  components  2019  2024  9.3  global  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  market  segment  2019  2024  9.4  global  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  applications  2019  2024  9.5  global  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  use  case  2019  2024  9.6  global  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  industry  vertical  2019  2024  9.7  global  markets
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  conversational  ai  by  region  2019  2024  9.7.1  north  american  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  country  2019  2024  9.7.2  latin  american  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  country  2019  2024  9.7.3  european  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  country  2019  2024  9.7.4  apac  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  country  2019  2024  9.7.5  mea  markets  for  conversational  ai  by  country  2019  2024  and  1.1  scope  of  research  1.2  target  audience  1.3  key  findings  in  report  1.4  companies  in  report  2.1  the  industrial  internet  of  things  market  opportunity  2.1.1  people,  processes,  and  technology  2.1.2  iiot  and  people  2.1.3  iiot  and  processes  2.1.4  iiot  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technologies  2.2  critical  focal  areas  for  iiot  execution  2.3  iiot  application  areas  2.3.1  process  optimization  2.3.2  enhance,  integrate  and  scale  existing  corporate  it  systems  2.3.3  leverage  potential  of  existing  infrastructure  2.4  forming  a  foundation  for  iiot  2.4.1  industrial  internet  consortium  2.4.2  industry  leading  companies  set  the  pace  2.4.3  industry  test  beds  for  iiot  2.4.4  industrial  internet  reference  architecture  2.5  evaluating  the  future  potential  of  iiot  2.5.1  cybersecurity  is  a  critical  concern  with  iiot  2.5.2  iiot  is  facilitating  a  drive  in  industrial  automation  2.5.3  early  iiot  deployments  to  benefit  existing  industries  2.5.4  iiot  will  work  in  collaboration  to  achieve  success  2.5.5
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iiot  and  the  fourth  industry  revolution  2.5.6  iiot  to  facilitate  transition  to  smart  factories  2.5.7  connected  factory:  new  roles  for  suppliers  and  customers  2.5.8  iiot  and  product  transformation  to  an  as  a  service  economy  2.5.9  intelligent  manufacturing:  from  smart  factories  to  smarter  factories  2.5.10  teleoperation  and  telerobotics  2.5.11  iiot  and  fifth  generation  5g  wireless  2.5.12  iiot  and  edge  computing  3.1  hardware  technologies  3.1.1  hardware  development  platforms  3.1.2  smart  sensors  3.2  software  technologies  3.2.1  connectivity  platforms  3.2.2  data  storage  platforms  3.2.3  data  analytics  and  visualization  platforms  3.2.4  iot  protocols  3.3  iiot  and  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes  3.3.1  role  and  importance  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iiot  3.3.2  mes  and  cyberphysical  systems  3.3.3  mes  in  the  cloud  and  other  convergence  3.3.4  future  of  iiot  enabled  mes  3.4  edge  computing  3.4.1  introduction  to  edge  computing  3.4.2  mobile  edge  computing  multaccess  edge  computing  3.4.3  fog  computing  noncellular  edge  computing  3.4.4  edge  computing  in  industrial  networks  and  systems  3.5  teleoperation  and  telerobotics  3.5.1  teleoperation  3.5.2  telerobotics  3.5.3  cloud  robotics  3.6  digital  twin  technologies  and  solutions  3.6.1  digital  twinning  3.6.2  digital  twin  solution  drivers  3.6.3  digital  twin  solution  use  cases  3.7  network  technologies  in  iiot  3.7.1  wireless  local  area  network  3.7.2  wireless  personal  area  network  3.7.3  wireless  wide  area  networks
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 3.7.4  wireless  sensor  networks  4.1  automotive  and  transportation  4.2  cargo  and  logistics  4.3  healthcare  4.4  manufacturing  4.5  oil  and  gas  4.6  utilities  5.1  abb  5.2  accenture  5.3  agt  international  5.4  arm  holdings  5.5  atos  5.6  bb  smartworx  5.7  bosch  5.8  c3,  inc.  5.9  cisco  system  inc.  5.10  digi  international  5.11  echelon  corporation  5.12  elecsys  corporation  5.13  general  electric  5.14  hitachi  5.15  ibm  5.16  oracle  5.17  ptc  5.18  real  time  innovation  5.19  rockwell  automation  5.20  sap  5.21  sensata  technologies  5.22  siemens  5.23  wind  river  5.24  worldsensing  5.25  wovyn  llc.  6.1  iiot  market  by  region  2019  2024  6.2  iiot  global  market  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy products  offered  2019  2024  6.2.1  iiot  market  for  hardware  in  2019  2024  6.2.2  iiot  market  for  software  in  2019  2024  6.2.3  iiot  market  for  services  2019  2024  6.3  iiot  global  market  by  industry  vertical  2019  2024  6.3.1  iiot  deployments  in  manufacturing  sector  2019  2024  6.3.2  healthcare  market  for  iiot  2019  2024  6.3.3  automotive  industry  market  for  iiot  2019  2024  6.3.4  retail  industry  market  for  iiot  2019  2024  6.3.5  oil  and  gas  industry  market  for  iiot  2019  2024  6.3.6  market  for  iiot  by  cargo  and  logistic  sector  2019  2024  6.3.7  iiot  business  in  utilities  sector  2019  2024  6.3.8  iiot  business  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hospitality  sector  2019  2024  7.1  iiot  deployment  and  support  7.1.1  carrier  supported  iiot  networks  7.1.2  iiot  and  private  wireless  networks  7.2  evolution  of  iiot  economic  value  7.2.1  internal  company  benefits  7.2.2  customer  oriented  benefits  7.2.3  iiot  data  becomes  the  product  7.3  iiot  and  technology  convergence  7.4  iiot  data  as  a  service  7.4.1  daas  market  for  business  data  enterprise  and  industrial  7.5  daas  market  by  source:  machine  and  nonmachine  data  7.6  daas  market  by  data  collection:  iot  and  noniot  data  1.1  smart  machines  in  perspective  1.2  smart  machine  drivers  1.3  smart  machine  market  development  1.4  smart  machine  industry  dynamics  2.1  cognitive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy computing  and  artificial  intelligence  2.2  sensor  networks  and  smart  dust  2.3  application  specific  algorithm  and  machine  learning  2.4  purpose  built  smart  machines  and  neurocomputer  2.5  intelligent  automation  and  robotic  process  automation  2.6  industrial  automation  system  2.7  workplace  automation  systems  2.8  iot  and  smart  systems  2.9  5g,  mec,  and  cloud  computing  3.1  global  market  forecast  2019  2024  3.1.1  total  smart  machine  market  3.1.2  smart  machine  product  market  3.1.3  smart  machine  technology  market  3.1.3.1  smart  machine  cognitive  technology  market  3.1.3.1.1  smart  machine  robotics  technology  market  3.1.3.2  smart  machine  neurocomputing  technology  market  3.1.4  smart  machine  market  segment  3.1.4.1  smart  machine  market  in  industry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy verticals  3.2  regional  market  forecast  2019  2024  3.2.1  smart  machine  regional  market  3.2.2  apac  smart  machine  market  3.2.2.1  apac  market  by  product,  technology,  market  segment,  and  industry  vertical  3.2.2.2  apac  market  by  country  3.2.3  north  america  smart  machine  market  3.2.3.1  north  america  market  by  product,  technology,  market  segment,  and  industry  vertical  3.2.3.2  north  america  market  by  country  3.2.4  europe  smart  machine  market  3.2.4.1  europe  market  by  product,  technology,  market  segment,  and  industry  vertical  3.2.4.2  europe  market  by  country  3.2.5  mea  smart  machine  market  3.2.5.1  mea  market  by  product,  technology,  market  segment,  and  industry  vertical  3.2.5.2  mea  market  by  country  3.2.6
__label__controloptimizationautonomy latin  america  smart  machine  market  3.2.6.1  latin  america  market  by  product,  technology,  market  segment,  and  industry  vertical  3.2.6.2  latin  america  market  by  country  4.1  ibm  corporation  4.1.1  company  overview  4.1.2  strategic  initiative  4.2  google  inc.  4.3  narrative  science  inc.  4.4  apple  inc.  4.5  digital  reasoning  systems  inc.  4.6  microsoft  corporation  4.7  general  electric  co.  4.8  rockwell  automation  inc.  4.9  abb  ltd.  4.10  lg  electronics  4.11  nvidia  corporation  4.12  sparkcognition  inc.  4.13  cisco  systems  4.14  koninklijke  philips  n.v.  4.15  axis  communications  ab  4.16  hewlett  packard  enterprise  4.17  samsung  electronics  co  ltd.  4.18  baidu  inc.  4.19  kuka  ag  4.20  motion  controls  robotics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy inc.  4.21  rethink  robotics  4.22  bae  systems  4.23  honeywell  international  inc.  for  more  information  about  this  report  visit  research  and  markets  also  offers  services  providing  focused,  comprehensive  and  tailored  research.  dublin,  ireland  formats  available:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy thinkstock  the  term  heralds  the  coming  of  a  new  industrial  revolution  through  smart  manufacturing.  the  term  has  a  more  mutedsounding  promise  of  driving  operational  efficiencies  through  automation,  connectivity  and  .  but  the  focus  of  iiot  on  industry  at  large  is  broader.  here,  we  take  a  comprehensive  view,  rounding  up  20  top  industrial  iot  leaders  and  pioneers,  drawing  on  the  feedback  from  industry  analysts  and  consultants.  the  focus  here  is  not  on  vendors  offering,  say,  a  cloudbased  platform  for  monitoring  industrial  machines  but  on  the  companies  that  themselves  are  using  industrial  iot  applications  and  technology  to  drive  their  business  forward.  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  sake  of  this  feature,  we  focus  on  organizations  that  use  connected  technology  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics  to  drive  efficiencies  and  launch  new  business  models.  we  concentrate  on  organizations  that  focus  on  logistics,  and  traditional  hardhat  undertakings  such  as  ,  ,  mining,  and  supply.  we  leave  out  ,  and  applications,  which  occasionally  get  lumped  into  the  industrial  iot  projects  domain.  the  companies  on  this  top  20  list,  presented  alphabetically,  are  not  idly  boasting  about  the  promise  of  iiot  projects  to  transform  their  business;  they  have  already  begun  the  transformation.  power  and  firm  is  one  of  the  most  visible  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy embrace  the  concept  of  predictive  maintenance,  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  its  robots  maintenance  needs  across  five  continents  and  trigger  repair  before  parts  break.  also  related  to  iot  is  the  companys  collaborative  robotics.  its  yumi  model,  which  was  designed  to  collaborate  alongside  humans,  can  accept  input  via  ethernet  and  industrial  protocols  like  profibus  and  devicenet.  to  say  that  assembling  a  commercial  jetliner  is  an  elaborate  affair  would  be  an  understatement.  such  craft  have  millions  of  components  and  tens  of  thousands  of  assembly  steps,  and  the  cost  of  mistakes  during  the  process  can  be  enormous.  to  tackle  the  complexity,  has  launched
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  digital  manufacturing  initiative  known  as  factory  of  the  future  to  streamline  operations  and  bolster  production  capacity.  the  company  has  integrated  sensors  to  tools  and  machines  on  the  shop  floor  and  given  workers  wearable  technology  including  industrial  designed  to  reduce  errors  and  bolster  safety  in  the  workplace.  in  one  procedure,  known  as  cabinseat  marking,  the  wearables  enabled  a  500  improvement  in  productivity  while  nearly  eliminating  errors.  the  online  retail  giant  doesnt  often  get  called  an  iiot  company,  but,  to  be  sure,  the  company  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  warehousing  and  .  as  has  put  it:  amazon  is  testing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  limits  of  automation  and  humanmachine  collaboration.  while  the  companys  ambitions  to  use  drones  for  delivery  has  won  considerable  media  attention,  the  firms  fulfillment  warehouses  make  use  of  armies  of  wificonnected  kiva  robots.  the  basic  idea  behind  the  kiva  technology,  which  amazon  acquired  for  775  million  in  2012,  is  that  it  makes  more  sense  to  have  robots  locate  shelves  of  products  and  bring  them  to  workers  rather  than  have  employees  go  to  the  shelves  to  hunt  for  products.  in  2014,  the  robots  helped  the  company  cut  its  operating  costs  by  20,  according  to  dave  clark,  a  senior  vice  president  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy amazon.  aviation  pioneer  william  boeing  quipped  that  it  behooves  no  one  to  dismiss  any  novel  idea  with  the  statement,  it  cant  be  done.  the  multinational  company  founded  in  boeings  name  apparently  still  subscribes  to  that  ethos.  it  is  now  working  toward  the  longterm  goal  of  making  its  service  offerings  more  important  than  its  products  while  being  the  most  valuable  information  provider  in  aviation.  the  company  has  already  made  significant  strides  in  transforming  its  business.  boeing  and  its  tapestry  solutions  subsidiary  have  aggressively  deployed  iot  technology  to  drive  efficiency  throughout  factories  and  supply  chains.  the  company  is  also  steadily  increasing  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy volumes  of  connected  sensors  embedded  into  its  planes.  in  2015,  bosch  launched  what  would  be  the  industrial  internet  consortiums  first  .  the  primary  inspiration  behind  the  socalled  track  and  trace  program  is  that  workers  would  spend  a  sizable  amount  of  their  time  hunting  down  tools.  so  the  company  added  sensors  to  its  tools  to  track  them,  starting  with  a  cordless  nutrunner.  as  the  resolution  of  the  tracking  becomes  more  precise,  bosch  plans  to  use  the  system  to  guide  assembly  operations.  heavyequipment  maker  has  long  been  an  iot  projects  pioneer.  recently,  the  company,  which  now  often  goes  by  cat,  has  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy showing  off  the  fruits  of  its  investments  in  iot  technology.  for  instance,  consider  how  it  is  using  iot  and  augmented  reality  ar  applications  to  give  machine  operators  an  ataglance  view  of  everything  from  fuel  levels  to  when  air  filters  need  replacing.  if  an  old  filter  expires,  the  company  can  send  basic  instructions  for  how  to  replace  it  via  an  ar  app.  the  companys  marine  asset  intelligence  division  is  also  an  innovator.  last  year,  ran  an  article  explaining  how  the  company  used  sensordriven  analytics  to  save  a  bundle  of  money  on  boats  and  shipping  vessels.  industrial  ot  world  highlights  the  intersection
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  iot  and  industry,  showcasing  examples  of  how  iot  transforms  business  across  manufacturing,  supply  chain  and  operations.  get  your  tickets  and  free  passes  now.  robotics  maker  fanuc  is  serious  about  reducing  downtime  in  industrial  facilities.  using  sensors  within  its  robotics  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics,  the  company  can  predict  when  failure  of  a  component  such  as  a  robotic  system  or  process  equipment  is  imminent.  while  is  a  familiar  concept,  fanuc  has  embraced  it  more  aggressively  than  most.  last  year,  gm  awarded  fanucs  zero  downtime  zdt  system  its  supplier  of  the  year  innovation  award.  gehring  technologies,  a  91yearold  company  that  makes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy machines  for  honing  metal,  was  early  to  embrace  iiot  technology.  now,  the  company  enables  its  customers  to  see  live  data  on  how  gehrings  machines  work  before  they  place  an  order.  it  does  so  by  using  digital  technology,  beaming  realtime  information  from  a  new  machine  to  a  customer  to  ensure  that  it  meets  the  customers  requirements  for  precision  and  efficiency.  gehring  uses  the  same  cloudbased  realtime  tracking  to  reduce  downtime  and  optimize  its  own  manufacturing  productivity  through  monitoring  its  connected  manufacturing  systems,  visualizing  and  analyzing  data  from  its  machine  tools  in  the  cloud.  the  japanese  company  stands  out  from  other  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy companies  in  terms  of  its  integration  and  experience  across  operational  and  information  technology.  while  most  other  industrial  conglomerates  leverage  partnerships  to  fill  in  the  gaps  in  their  iot  knowledge,  hitachi  is  more  independent.  the  company  has  more  than  16,000  employees  focused  on  the  technology  in  some  capacity.  while  it  offers  an  iot  platform  known  as  ,  hitachi  also  makes  a  plethora  of  products  leveraging  connected  technology,  including  trains,  which  the  company  is  beginning  to  sell  as  a  service.  hitachi  has  also  developed  an  iotenhanced  production  model  that  it  claims  has  slashed  production  lead  times  by  half  within  its  omika  works
__label__controloptimizationautonomy division,  which  manufactures  infrastructure  for  electricity,  traffic,  steel  manufacturing  and  other  industries.  as  the  field  of  agriculture  becomes  more  of  a  science  and  less  of  an  art  passed  down  the  generational  line,  john  deere  is  responding  by  deploying  internet  of  things  technology  perhaps  most  notably  with  selfdriving  tractors.  as  the  washington  post  wrote  in  2015,  .  the  company  also  happens  to  be  a  pioneer  in  gps  technology.  the  mostadvanced  systems  it  uses  in  tractors  are  accurate  to  2  centimeters.  in  addition,  the  company  has  deployed  telematics  technology  for  predictive  maintenance  applications.  founded  in  1919,  the  german  maker  of  air  pumps,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy compressed  air  dryers  and  filters  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  integrating  digital  communications  into  its  products.  the  company  offers  for  its  products  and  supports  predictive  maintenance.  one  of  its  bestknown  industrie  4.0  efforts  relates  to  its  business  model  innovation  as  selling  air  as  a  service,  which  is  a  remarkable  feat  for  a  company  that  has  sold  machinery  for  the  past  century.  the  japanese  heavy  equipment  maker  has  a  plethora  of  iiot  innovations.  starting  in  2011,  it  has  deployed  connected  technology  in  its  japanese  production  facilities.  komatsu  has  linked  all  of  its  robots  at  its  central  production  facilities  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet,  enabling  managers  to  keep  an  eye  on  international  operations  in  real  time.  the  company  is  an  innovative  force  in  mining.  its  massive  can  be  spotted  in  rio  tintos  mine  of  the  future  in  australia  read  on  for  more  on  that.  komatsu  recently  acquired  u.s.  mining  equipment  maker  joy  global,  which  had  developed  connected  longwall  shearers  for  coal  mining  that  can  wirelessly  send  7,000  data  points  per  second  to  the  companys  data  center.  german  robotics  specialist  has  an  iot  strategy  that  extends  to  whole  factories.  for  instance,  jeep  asked  the  company  to  help  build  a  factory  that  could  churn
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out  a  car  body  every  77  seconds.  the  company  responded  by  helping  the  company  build  an  iotenabled  factory  with  hundreds  of  robots  linked  to  a  private  cloud.  the  plant  can  produce  more  than  800  vehicles  each  day.  shipping  millions  of  containers  to  121  countries  across  the  world,  the  danish  company  has  embraced  the  internet  of  things  to  keep  track  of  its  assets  and  optimize  fuel  consumption  and  the  routes  of  its  ships.  the  technology  has  proven  to  be  especially  useful  for  refrigerated  containers,  whose  contents  could  spoil  in  the  absence  of  tight  temperature  control.  because  the  company  spends  some  1
__label__controloptimizationautonomy billion  annually  on  transporting  empty  shipping  containers,  maersk  has  enlisted  sensors  and  data  analytics  applications  to  inform  how  it  stores  and  locates  them.  the  company  is  using  to  optimize  its  supply  chain  operations  further.  austrian  automotive  manufacturer  magna  steyr  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  smart  factories.  the  company,  which  has  161,000  employees  internationally,  can  precisely  track  assets  ranging  from  tools  to  vehicle  parts,  automatically  ordering  a  replenishment  when  necessary.  magna  is  also  testing  the  use  of  smart  packaging,  enhancing  it  with  bluetooth,  to  help  keep  track  of  components  in  its  warehouses.  vehicles  within  its  facilities  help  ferry  components
__label__controloptimizationautonomy through  plants  during  assembly,  optimizing  routes  dynamically.  magna  has  a  long  history  in  custom  automotive  manufacturing,  building  different  types  of  cars  on  the  same  assembly  line  since  1999.  now,  it  uses  wearable  technology  to  help  guide  its  employees  in  the  production  of  bespoke  vehicles.  last  year,  the  company  won  the  automotiveinnovations  award  from  the  center  of  automotive  management  and  pwc  germany.  has  enjoyed  a  high  profile  since  fitbit  was  founded  a  decade  ago,  but  the  underlying  use  cases  for  most  consumergrade  wearable  devices  has  arguably  changed  little  since  then.  in  the  industrial  realm,  however,  steelmaker  north  star  bluescope  steel  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deployed  wearables  in  helmets  and  wristbands  in  a  proofofconcept  project  to  help  managers  track  employee  safety  and  spot  hazardous  scenarios  before  they  lead  to  injuries.  the  wearables  also  track  health  metrics  such  as  body  temperature,  pulse  and  activity  levels,  enabling  supervisors  to  give  taxed  workers  a  break  when  necessary.  in  addition,  the  steel  producer  is  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  extremes  in  environmental  temperature  as  well  as  the  presence  of  radiation  and  toxic  gases.  have  created  innovative  technology  that  divides  the  power  grid  into  an  array  of  microgrids  that  can  each  be  managed  independently.  this  strategy  can  help  utilities  manage
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  complicated  network  of  energy  that  spans  everything  from  solar  panels  to  windmills  to  traditional  natural  gas,  coal  and  nuclear  plants.  will  become  a  necessity.  the  traditional  monolithic  method  of  transmitting  electric  power  is  simply  not  up  to  the  task  of  managing  a  grid  that  derives  most  of  its  power  from  renewable  sources.  the  british/australian  mining  conglomerate  launched  an  innovative  automated  mining  initiative  in  pilbara,  a  remote  region  in  western  australia  with  deep  reserves  of  iron  ore.  driverless  trucks  and  trains  haul  ore  away  from  the  mining  sites  while  an  autonomous  drill  technology  enables  a  remote  worker  to  oversee  multiple
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drills  from  a  single  console.  may  be  in  its  future  as  well.  the  company  has  a  control  center  complex  in  perth  that  connects  to  its  mines  as  well  as  its  rail  and  port  operations,  where  engineers,  analysts,  programmers  and  technicians  remotely  guide  mining  operations.  named  the  most  innovative  company  in  a  survey  from  in  2016,  shell  reports  that  its  smart  can  obtain  10  more  oil  and  5  more  gas  than  traditional  fields.  the  company  links  its  hightech  wells  with  fiberoptic  cable  that  allows  remote  employees  to  monitor  operations  remotely.  the  company  recently  launched  a  digital  twin  initiative  for  an  offshore
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rig  in  the  southern  north  sea.  the  maker  of  industrial  and  household  tools  is  an  iiot  projects  pioneer  in  several  respects.  the  company,  which  operates  16  core  business  units,  has  deployed  connected  applications  for  everything  from  commercial  security  to  its  manufacturing  facilities  to  connected  tooling  used  in  its  customers  factories.  the  companys  program  in  reynosa,  mexico,  led  to  a  24  increase  in  production  of  routers  used  for  woodworking.  where  the  company  really  shines,  though,  is  in  its  connected  job  site  initiative,  which  uses  radio  signals  to  help  monitor  the  location  of  tools,  monitor  construction  progress  and  comply  with  osha  rules.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  companys  dewalt  division  is  also  launching  an  initiative  known  as  ,  which  will  use  a  wifi  mesh  network  and  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  workers  and  equipment  across  the  job  site.  already,  dewalt  has  debuted  a  connected  battery  service  that  can  not  only  monitor  battery  levels  but  shut  down  tools  if  a  thief  attempts  to  remove  them  from  a  defined  area.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020
__label__controloptimizationautonomy event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industrial  robots  are  on  the  rise  and  5g  is  a  very  hot  topic  in  the  context  of  industrial  automation.  we  believe  bringing  both  technologies  together  is  crucial,  and  therefore,  we  have  investigated  robotics  as  a  5g  use  case.  let  us  share  some  insights  and  our  ideas  of  the  future  in  this  field  experienced  researcher  senior  researcher  senior  researcher  senior  researcher  if  you  ever  have  the  chance  to  enter  a  factory  shop  floor  and  see  a  robot  in  action,  this  is  a  mustdo.  the  combination  of  strength,  speed  and  extreme  precision  is  nothing  else  than  impressive.  in  the  last  years,  they
__label__controloptimizationautonomy became  generalpurpose  tools  for  automating  production  processes.  since  their  application  possibilities  are  constantly  being  expanded  they  are  used  everywhere  as  long  as  the  benefit  of  automating  is  higher  than  the  efforts  and  costs  of  buying,  installing  and  programming  the  robot.  at  present,  there  are  basically  four  types  of  industrial  robots:  heavy  singlearmed  robots  we  can  call  them  ,  collaborative  onearmed  or  twoarmed  robots  ,  robots  with  limited  capabilities  for  dedicated  use  cases  ,  and  the  exotic  ones  .  the  yearly  hannover  industry  fair  usually  gives  a  good  overview  about  the  robotics  market  and  this  year  heavy  and  coop  have  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy omnipresent.  robots  of  type  coop  became  quite  prominent  recently  as  they  enable  an  easier  integration  into  the  production  facilities,  as  they  usually  dont  require  fences  for  safety  reasons,  and  allow  an  alongside  operation  with  their  human  colleagues.  type  limited  robots  comprise  fast  pickandplace  models,  that  are  sometimes  called  spider  or  delta  robots  and  scaramodels  selective  compliance  assembly  robot  arm.  scara  robots  are  designed  like  a  human  arm  but  with  movement  limited  to  the  horizontal  plane  only.  both  robot  models  are  rather  tight  to  a  specific  use  case.  finally,  type  exotic  robots  there  one  finds  different  concepts  like  mobile  industrial  robots
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  various  kinds  and  some  very  interesting  bioinspired  robots.  the  typical  vendorindependent  anatomy  of  type  heavy  and  coop  robots  is  to  have  a  physical  comprising  of  joints  and  drives  complemented  by  a  where  all  control  logic  is  deployed.  both  elements  are  connected  by  wires  for  power  supply  and  lowlevel  control  of  all  drives.  a  ,  which  might  be  a  standard  pc  can  be  used  to  program  the  robot.  robots  of  type  coop  also  have  a  lot  of  sensors  inbuilt  to  allow  a  safe  interworking  with  humans  and  a  design  avoiding  sharp  edges.  the  differences  from  vendor  to  vendor  are  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy performance,  intended  areas  of  usage,  programming  possibilities  and  in  the  way  the  robot  controller  can  be  interfaced,  and  to  what  extent  it  is  possible  to  influence  the  robot  program  by  for  example  the  integration  of  external  sensors.  in  robotics  research,  is  a  major  topic.  basically,  it  is  about  connecting  robots  to  the  cloud,  using  communication  technologies.  the  benefits,  described  for  example  in  the  ericsson  technology  review  article  as  well  as  several  other  publications,  include:  but  what  has  5g  to  do  with  cloud  robotics?  a  static  robot  on  the  shop  floor  could  as  well  be  connected  using  industrial  ethernet  to  achieve
__label__controloptimizationautonomy most  of  the  benefits  listed  above.  in  a  nutshell:  if  a  robot  shall  be  used  flexibly  and  maybe  be  mobile,  cables  are  a  burden.  cellular  connectivity  is  the  best  choice  because  it  is  standardized  technology  with  a  very  large,  global  ecosystem.  4g  works  for  many  use  cases,  but  5g  will  support  also  the  absolutely  most  demanding  ones,  such  as  cloud  robotics  in  cases  where  the  clouds  processing  is  relevant  for  the  immediate  motion  of  the  robot  you  can  find  some  remarkable  examples  below.  ultrareliable  and  lowlatency  communications  urllc  is  a  new  service  category  that  will  be  supported  in  5g  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy radio  nr,  created  to  meet  requirements  for  5g  applied  in  industrial  domains.  the  3gpp  report  tr  22.804  defines  use  cases  and  requirements  for  5g  applied  in  the  vertical  domain,  like  manufacturing.  therein,  mobile  robots  is  specified  as  one  use  case  in  the  ericsson  technology  review  article  mentioned  above,  our  colleagues  elaborate  on  the  topic  of  flexibility  as  a  success  factor  for  industries,  and  the  role  that  5g  can  play  in  that  context.  a  notable  example  is  our  collaboration  with  robot  manufacturer  comau  and  other  partners  to  investigate  the  concept  of  virtual  robot  control  using  4g/lte  read  more  in  the  ericsson
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  review  article  and  references  therein.  various  parts  of  a  robots  motion  control  calculation  can  be  outsourced  to  a  cloud  or  edge  cloud  system  to  some  extent.  in  our  collaboration  with  comau,  they  provided  us  a  real  robot  cell  with  two  large  robot  arms,  a  conveyor  belt  and  some  other  industry  devices.  for  the  communication,  comau  used  profinet;  an  industrial  ethernet  variant.  first,  we  explored  what  level  of  robot  control  can  be  virtualized  over  4g  and  5g  technologies.  the  highlevel  control  that  is  typically  done  by  the  programmable  logic  controller  plc  turns  out  not  to  be  very  delay  critical  it
__label__controloptimizationautonomy has  a  latency  requirement  of  several  tens  of  milliseconds  depending  on  the  configuration.  however,  the  whole  communication  is  very  sensitive  to  delay  variations  jitter  and  packet  losses.  for  instance,  three  consecutive  packet  losses  or  equivalent  delay  variations  cause  the  whole  robot  cell  to  stop.  those  requirements  are  straightforward  to  fulfill  from  dedicated  hardware  components  though  can  be  challenging  using  virtualized  execution  over  wireless  technologies.  comau  aimed  to  replace  the  hardware  hw  plc  with  the  software  version  and  run  that  in  a  virtualized  environment/cloud  on  commodity  hw  components.  from  the  cloud  platform  perspective,  one  of  the  main  challenges  that  virtualized  control
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brings  in  is  the  execution  of  realtime  applications.  some  software  plc  platforms  use  windows  as  an  operating  system  os,  next  to  a  realtime  os  rtos  which  is  responsible  for  executing  the  plc  code.  both  run  in  parallel  and  communicate  via  interprocess  communication  ipc.  the  control  logic  implementation  is  always  executed  by  the  rtos  and  windows  is  often  used  as  a  user  interface.  the  rtos  typically  has  some  specific  requirements  to  ensure  the  necessary  performance  such  as  precise  timers  and  specific  network  interface  cards.  we  addressed  all  these  requirements  and  created  a  virtualized  environment  that  can  host  the  software  plc  platform
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  execute  the  same  control  logic  as  the  one  was  running  on  hw  plc.  we  showed  in  a  real  factory  environment  that  placing  the  plclevel  of  control  logic  into  an  edgecloud  platform  is  feasible.  however,  if  we  investigate  applications  such  as  trajectory  planning,  inverse  kinematics  and  control  loops  that  accurately  steer  the  speeds,  accelerations  or  positions  of  the  actuators  it  requires  significantly  lower  latency,  in  the  range  of  15  ms.  to  support  those  applications,  the  ultrareliable  and  lowlatency  service  of  5g  is  essential  together  with  a  realtime  edgecloud  platform  deployed  geographically  close  to  the  devices  as  illustrated  in  the  figure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy below.  this  project  was  another  proof  point  that  low  latency  control  of  robots  is  possible  over  5g.  the  benefit  over  the  legacy  way  of  robot  control  is  of  course  the  possible  virtualization  of  the  robot  control  and  the  possibility  to  gather  sensor  data  wirelessly  in  realtime  for  that  last  year,  we  used  lowlatency  radio  prototypes  warp  for  sensor  robot  controller  virtual  plc  communication  of  a  bosch  apas  robot  as  part  of  the  publicly  funded  german  project  .  the  bosch  apas  is  a  type  coop  robot  that  offers  an  ethernet  interface  that  can  be  used  with  the  modbustcp  protocol.  to  embed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  sensor  values  into  the  robots  trajectory  planning  in  realtime  it  was  necessary  to  transmit  data  from  sensor  to  plc  to  the  robot  controller  every  5ms.  this  clearly  would  not  have  been  possible  without  the  use  of  lowlatency  wireless  communication.  one  typical  scenario  where  low  latency  communication  is  required  is  sensors  at  the  tool  center  point  so  the  robots  wrist  towards  the  robot  controller.  this  is  usually  used  for  applications  that  demand  a  higher  precision  like  for  example  a  torque  sensor  used  to  not  break  fragile  workpieces.  a  5g  network  offers  the  small  latencies  that  allow  a  wireless  connection.  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy investigated  this  scenario  from  a  radio  engineering  perspective.  to  summarize  the  results  briefly  using  certain  radio  communication  methods  explained  therein,  it  was  possible  to  achieve  a  reliable  lowlatency  1ms  communication  on  radio  links  in  an  automation  cell.  the  measurements  for  our  study  were  made  in  an  active  type  heavy  robots  cell.  we  evaluated  the  closedloop  control  performance  of  a  ur5  industrial  robot  arm  also  a  type  coop  robot  through  a  modelled  5g  link.  the  focus  was  put  on  the  effect  of  the  link  delay  on  the  performance  of  the  robot  arm  movement  quality  measured  by  specific  key  performance  indicators  kpis.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  ur5  industrial  robot  arm  has  an  externally  accessible  velocity  control  interface  that  accepts  velocity  commands  for  each  joint  servo  and  publishes  joint  state  information  with  8  ms  update  time.  investigated  kpis  are  response  time  and  precision  of  trajectory  execution,  i.e.  spatial  and  temporal  deviations  from  the  planed  trajectory.  the  measurement  results  have  shown  that  the  network  delay  lower  than  4  ms  has  no  significant  performance  impact.  this  is  because  the  internal  operation  of  the  robot  ends  in  about  2  ms  standard  deviation  in  response  time  due  to  the  internal  sampling  used  in  the  robot,  and  the  ticks  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robot  and  the  controller  are  unsynchronized.  the  required  delay  also  depends  upon  the  robots  task:  our  vision  is  that  in  the  next  years,  most  industrial  robots  and  robotic  supplies  will  be  equipped  with  4g  and/or  5g  communication  modules  as  cellular  communication  technology  is  becoming  an  essential  part  of  modern  factories.  but  from  our  handson  experience  with  industrial  robots,  to  really  exploit  the  flexibility  wireless  communication  offers,  there  is  also  a  need  to  rethink  some  robot  control  concepts  like  introducing  virtualized  control  functions  and  to  allow  more  flexibility  in  the  interfacing  of  robot  and  robot  controller  from  an  external  system.  maybe
__label__controloptimizationautonomy some  concepts  of  type  exotic  will  become  more  popular  as  well  in  the  near  future.  many  cloud  robotics  concepts  are  based  on  ai  and  therefore,  it  will  be  a  fundamental  part  of  robotics  quite  fast.  robots,  cloud,  5g,  and  ai  sounds  like  a  buzzwords  meetup  but  becomes  real  in  this  context.  a  longterm  question  will  be  how  much  autonomy  will  be  introduced  to  industrial  robotics  and  what  impact  this  has  on  the  way  industrial  robots  communicate.  anyway,  realtimecommunication  and  realtime  cloud  computation  is  one  of  the  six  key  challenges  defined  by  our  colleagues  in  their  article:  .  like  what  youre
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reading?  please  sign  up  for  email  updates  on  your  favorite  topics.  at  the  ericsson  blog,  we  provide  insight  to  make  complex  ideas  on  technology,  innovation  and  business  simple.  in  a  world  that  is  increasingly  complex,  we  are  on  a  quest  for  easy.  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson  19942019
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vm.includestext  item  vm.selecttext  vm.text  vm.newuser1  vm.newuser3  vm.unknownuser  toggle  heading  local  sites  global  sites  to  master  resilience,  ceos  are  building  cyber  resilience,  undertaking  wholesale  upskilling  of  their  people  and  accelerating  the  adoption  of  advanced  technologies.  many  manufacturers  are  seeking  opportunities  to  accelerate  their  business  through  the  adoption  of  digital  technologies  to  enable  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  i4.0.  technologies  such  as  autonomous  robots  and  big  data  analytics  are  enabling  companies  to  make  the  leap  to  smart,  datadriven  flexible  manufacturing.  manufacturers  need  to  develop  and  implement  an  effective  transformation  strategy  to  adopt  these  technologies  and  avoid  losing  ground  to  their  competitors.  this  article
__label__controloptimizationautonomy examines  two  vital  components  of  such  a  strategy:  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  the  fifth  generation  of  wireless  technologies  5g.  companies  that  are  leading  the  integration  of  these  technologies  into  their  digital  strategies  will  have  the  opportunity  to  reap  huge  rewards.  technology  and  business  trends  have  moved  rapidly  in  their  favor.  in  the  past  year  iot  and  5g  technologies  have  matured  to  the  point  where  business  decision  makers  can  evaluate  the  benefits  of  using  them  together  in  their  digital  strategy.  they  are  finding  that  these  technologies  are  more  powerful  when  they  both  form  a  coherent  part  of  their  i4.0
__label__controloptimizationautonomy investment  planning.  both  technologies  can  deliver  substantial  value  to  enterprises  when  implemented  together.  5g  networks  offer  tremendous  benefits  to  manufacturers  in  terms  of  data  speed,  latency,  efficiency,  reliability,  capacity  and  security.  the  technology  is  designed  to  be  fast  and  dependable  as  fiber  optic  cable  and  offers  the  same  capacity  at  a  lower  cost,  with  more  flexibility.  5g  will  improve  the  delivery  of  mobile  broadband  services,  in  comparison  with  previous  wireless  technologies,  and  is  expected  to  support  a  wide  array  of  new  solutions.  digital  capabilities  based  on  ai,  autonomous  operations,  virtual  reality  and  drones  are  among  the  solutions  that  will  employ
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 5g  networks  to  deliver  big  gains  in  productivity  and  accelerate  innovation.  5g  offers  an  optimal  telecommunications  platform  on  which  to  realize  iots  benefits.  iot  adoption  is  occurring  at  a  rapid  pace,  and  many  analysts  forecast  a  doubling  of  investment  in  these  devices  in  5  years  or  less  .  manufacturers  are  attracted  by  the  many  gains  iot  offers:  less  machine  downtime,  higher  product  quality,  predictive  maintenance  and  more  informed  decision  making.  there  are  already  systems  that  help  to  integrate  iot  devices  into  consolidated  platforms,  but  5g  enables  several  use  cases  that  were  previously  limited,  due  to  lower  throughput  and  performance.  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufacturing,  wireless  technologies  have  played  a  limited  role  due  to  vibration,  sound,  heat  and  so  on.  5g  is  expected  to  eliminate  these  issues.  one  important  change  is  that  iot  vendors  are  starting  to  cater  to  specific  industry  and  functional  needs.  they  are  working  closely  with  manufacturing  enterprises  to  provide  more  secure  solutions  tailored  to  their  clients  operations  and  digital  transformation  strategy.  with  the  help  of  5g  networks,  iot  platforms  will  be  able  to  connect  discrete  point  solutions  and  sensors  to  monitor  entire  processes,  from  rd  all  the  way  to  the  very  end  of  the  product  lifecycle.  connectivity  is  a  key
__label__controloptimizationautonomy component  of  i4.0,  enabling  manufacturers  to  break  through  traditional  silos  to  create  an  integrated  ecosystem  designed  to  optimize  manufacturing,  distribution  and  the  productconsumption  lifecycle.  iot  and  5g  together  play  a  crucial  role  by  enabling  the  enterprise  to  connect  all  stages  of  the  planningtosales  process  in  a  continuous  loop,  in  which  data  is  fed  to  analysts  and  decision  makers  from  sensors  installed  throughout  the  operations  of  the  manufacturers,  its  suppliers  and,  in  some  cases,  its  customers.  data  no  longer  flows  in  a  straight  line  but  back  and  forth  throughout  a  multidimensional  ecosystem,  enabling  producers  to  respond  quickly  to  potential  breakdowns,  shifts
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  customer  demand,  or  constantly  changing  vendors.  thanks  to  iot  devices,  massive  amounts  of  data  are  collected,  enabling  manufacturers  armed  with  predictive  analytics  to  undertake  preventive  maintenance  and  to  plan  to  retool  for  product  redesigns  whenever  the  need  arises.  in  addition  to  optimizing  manufacturing  processes,  the  newly  flexible  global  ecosystem  means  that  fully  customizable  manufactured  products  are  no  longer  a  distant  goal,  but  are  now  within  grasp.  the  era  of  truly  smart  manufacturing  is  at  hand.  some  of  the  benefits  of  iot  could  be  realized  within  an  existing  telecommunications  infrastructure,  but  previous  wireless  technology  generations  do  not  have  the  capability
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  integrate  with  autonomous  robots  or  other  advanced  technologies.  in  contrast,  when  iot  is  combined  with  5g  networks  in  a  transformation  strategy,  the  goals  of  i4.0  come  within  reach.  furthermore,  with  5g,  manufacturers  will  no  longer  need  to  rely  on  both  fixed  and  mobile  networks  for  their  communication  needs;  5g  is  expected  to  deliver  everything  that  fiber  offers,  plus  the  mobility  thats  increasingly  important  for  flexible  manufacturing.  enterprises  will  no  longer  tied  down  to  a  wired  infrastructure  and  a  less  thanreliable  wifi  network.  for  example,  workers  equipped  with  augmented  reality/virtual  reality  ar/vr  headsets  will  be  free  to  move  about  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy factory  floor,  connected  at  all  times  to  the  5g  network.  while  interacting  with  iot  devices  and  data,  they  can  simulate  every  process  in  three  dimensions  right  up  to  the  final  product.  since  even  the  smallest  mistake  in  design  or  layout  can  be  expensive,  ar/vrs  ability  to  spot  potential  errors  through  simulations  is  just  one  of  the  valuable  attributes  of  this  system.  in  order  to  integrate  the  5g  network  into  their  digital  strategy,  enterprises  can  create  network  slicing  on  demand,  enabling  a  level  of  customization  that  was  only  available  previously  with  highly  customized,  wired  networks.  network  slicing  allows  vendors  and  customers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  be  integrated  into  a  network  platform  simply,  easily  and  more  securely.  it  provides  discrete  information  that  is  relevant  to  each  use  case,  enhancing  connectivity  and  security  in  one  step.  to  implement  an  effective  digital  transformation  strategy,  large  enterprises  will  want  their  own  private  networks  in  order  to  take  advantage  of  the  benefits  of  the  convergence  of  5g  and  iot  and  use  the  entire  spectrum  to  its  full  potential.  when  considering  what  model  of  private  5g  network  to  adopt,  manufacturers  have  two  options:  to  develop  a  network  that  they  can  operate  themselves  or  to  work  with  an  existing  telecommunications  provider
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  operate  the  network  together.  until  recently,  carriers  have  been  slow  to  respond  to  enterprise  demands  for  private  networks,  but  they  are  now  shifting  their  focus  to  this  market.  governments  are  also  opening  up  more  5g  spectrum  specifically  for  industry,  given  the  competition  for  bandwidth  among  consumers,  companies  and  the  public  sector.  the  german  regulator,  bundesnetzagentur,  for  example,  announced  in  march  2019  that  it  would  assign  local  5g  licenses  to  meet  the  needs  of  industry  and  will  assign  spectrum  on  request.  this  will  help  enable  local  networks  to  be  built  to  the  specifications  of  individual  manufacturers.  one  question  that  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy been  frequently  raised  is  the  possible  vulnerability  of  networks  to  cyber  attack.  the  introduction  of  5g  telecommunications,  network  slicing  and  new,  secure  software  algorithms  is  expected  to  give  manufacturers  a  sizable  lead  over  hackers  and  provide  enterprises  and  their  ecosystems  with  strong  network  security  protocols.  5g  technology,  therefore,  will  offer  a  higher  level  of  data  security  than  that  of  existing  telecommunications  infrastructure.  but,  as  always,  there  is  no  substitute  for  a  carefully  implemented  cyber  security  governance  program  to  ensure  sustainable  communications  throughout  the  ecosystem.  digital  transformation  must  be  resilient  to  be  really  effective.  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  will  unleash  flows
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  data  in  quantities  likened  to  the  opening  of  a  fire  hydrant.  it  becomes  more  important  than  ever  to  manage  these  flows,  ensure  there  is  no  leakage,  and  draw  business  insights  from  all  the  data.  this  is  a  huge  task  for  any  enterprise.  by  integrating  the  5g  network  with  the  iot  system  in  a  powerful  digital  strategy,  smart  manufacturers  will  be  able  to  plan  ahead,  operate  with  extreme  flexibility  and  accelerate  the  path  towards  an  agile  ecosystem  of  suppliers  and  customers,  with  the  enterprise  at  the  core.  this  is  the  promise  of  i4.0.  the  vision  has  taken  a  big  step
__label__controloptimizationautonomy closer  to  reality  with  the  integration  of  5g  and  iot  in  transformation  strategies.  now  it  is  up  to  manufacturers  to  take  full  advantage  of  this  new  phase  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  iot  report:  how  internet  of  things  technology  growth  is  reaching  mainstream  companies  and  consumers  business  insider,  28  jan  2019.  .  the  time  for  experimentation  is  coming  to  an  end.  theres  little  time  to  lose  for  ceos  and  csuite  leaders  to  step  up  and  drive  historic  change.  ceos  of  manufacturing  companies  around  the  world  offer  their  views  in  a  survey  of  digital  transformation  trends  and  the  opportunities  of  industry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 4.0.  find  out  how  kpmgs  expertise  can  help  you  and  your  company.  footer  subscription  2019  kpmg  international  cooperative  kpmg  international,  a  swiss  entity.  member  firms  of  the  kpmg  network  of  independent  firms  are  affiliated  with  kpmg  international.  kpmg  international  provides  no  client  services.  no  member  firm  has  any  authority  to  obligate  or  bind  kpmg  international  or  any  other  member  firm  visvis  third  parties,  nor  does  kpmg  international  have  any  such  authority  to  obligate  or  bind  any  member  firm.  all  rights  reserved.  member  firms  of  the  kpmg  network  of  independent  firms  are  affiliated  with  kpmg  international.  kpmg  international  provides  no  client
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services.  no  member  firm  has  any  authority  to  obligate  or  bind  kpmg  international  or  any  other  member  firm  visvis  third  parties,  nor  does  kpmg  international  have  any  such  authority  to  obligate  or  bind  any  member  firm.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy get  in  touch:  its  impossible  to  guess  5gs  killer  app.  but  it  is  being  designed  for  some  critical  business  innovations.  find  the  ones  that  will  matter  to  your  business.  search  by  industry,  use  case  category  or  just  browse.  making  virtual  reality  as  good  as  reality  let  your  assets  track  themselves  selfcontrolled  robotics  cars  that  drive  with  no  driver  dedicated  5g  coverage  where  its  needed  most  keeping  patients  alive  with  communication  providing  the  emergency  services  with  comms  broadband,  everywhere  look  ma,  no  wires  using  5g  to  replace  a  wireline  connection  fast  internet,  even  when  traveling  fast  bringing  healthcare  into  the  home
__label__controloptimizationautonomy improving  road  efficiency  through  swarm  intelligence  know  your  state  of  health  on  the  move  realtime  remotecontrol  robotics  smart  robots  work  better  together  monitoring  and  controlling  the  flow  of  energy  making  home  life  better  through  sensors  a  doctors  appointment  from  thousands  of  miles  away  an  internet  you  can  feel.  in  real  time  making  the  most  of  the  incar  multimedia  experience  attend  that  meeting  from  another  country  calling,  texting,  surfing  all  from  a  watch  or  pair  of  glasses  freeing  industry  from  all  the  wires  no  results.  5gs  going  to  enable  some  seriously  transformative  innovation.  but  its  also  going  to  improve  the  things
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  already  do.  until  now,  cellular  connectivity  hasnt  been  able  to  match  broadbands  performance.  you  would  have  to  choose  between  great  speeds  and  great  mobility.  5g  is  going  to  surpass  what  we  currently  think  of  as  good  connectivity.  and  its  going  to  be  mobile.  see  what  autonomous  mobile  robots,  digital  twins  and  industrial  augmented  reality  could  mean  for  your  future  industrial  work.  find  out  how  robotic  surgery,  remote  patient  monitoring  and  asset  monitoring  will  help  your  patients  live  longer,  healthier  lives  and  help  you  deliver  better  care  at  lower  costs.  fridges  that  take  care  of  themselves,  devices  that  keep  lone
__label__controloptimizationautonomy workers  safe  and  a  new  way  to  do  room  service  meet  iot  for  hospitality.  see  how  inventory  management,  pointofsale  systems  and  the  customer  experience  are  evolving  with  iot.  see  what  video  surveillance  and  analytics,  connected  vehicles  and  smart  meters  mean  for  tomorrows  cities.  discover  how  office  utilization,  virtual  reality  for  meetings  and  connected  office  equipment  are  about  to  change  the  way  your  teams  work.  see  how  smarter  asset  tracking,  fleet  management  and  driversafety  solutions  will  make  work  easier,  faster  and  safer  for  your  teams.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  a  long  time  coming,  but  with  5g  were  going
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  see  the  final  piece  of  the  puzzle  fall  into  place  and  a  truly  valuable  iot  emerge.  because  5g  is  being  built  for  a  huge  range  of  connected  devices  from  simple,  lowpower  sensors  that  never  move  to  autonomous  cars  and  drones  that  move  all  the  time.  the  result:  it  will  finally  allow  businesses  to  turn  the  data  pouring  out  of  all  those  sensors  into  automated,  intelligent  action.  at  scale.  were  used  to  latency  thats  so  low  we  can  have  pretty  good  voice  and  video  calls.  the  lack  of  lag  between  the  two  devices  means  humans  can  communicate  a  lot  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy effectively  with  each  other.  with  5g,  latency  will  drop  a  lot  further.  which  will  mean  that  machines  can  communicate  a  lot  more  effectively  with  each  other.  thats  going  to  be  huge  for  businesses.  autonomous  vehicles  will  ultimately  need  to  be  able  to  drive  themselves  without  a  cellular  connection.  its  the  only  way  to  make  sure  theyre  safe  and  reliable.  but  they  wont  only  be  driving.  theyll  also  need  to  connect  to  the  vehicles  and  infrastructure  around  them  to  become  all  they  can  be.  and  thats  where  5g  comes  in.  the  uses  of  virtual  reality  vr  and  augmented  reality  ar  seem
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  grow  on  a  weekly  basis.  from  using  vr  to  help  treat  ptsd  to  using  ar  to  train  engineers  how  to  construct  airplanes,  its  a  medium  that  is  right  at  the  start  of  delivering  its  potential.  good  quality  vr  and  ar  require  highdefinition  content,  at  a  high  frame  rate,  with  a  lag  lower  than  the  eye  can  perceive.  thats  why  highend  vr  headsets  have  huge  cables  sprouting  out  the  back.  with  5g,  youll  be  able  to  send  that  level  of  signal  to  a  wireless  headset.  so  events  can  be  streamed  live,  in  high  definition,  to  a  headset  halfway  around  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy world.  requirements:  all  your  company  has  a  large  amount  of  stock  in  a  warehouse,  with  some  out  for  delivery  and  some  returned  from  failed  deliveries  or  refunds.  keeping  track  of  all  of  this  inventory  requires  vast  amounts  of  manpower,  which  is  inefficient  and  leads  to  error.  instead,  with  5g  being  able  to  handle  vastly  more  connected  devices,  you  could  have  individual  sensors  on  each  item,  letting  your  system  keep  track  of  your  inventory.  partner  this  with  computer  vision  and  youll  be  able  to  monitor  realtime  condition  and  location  of  all  your  assets.  thousands  of  lowpowered  sensors  in  one  warehouse,  all
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  at  the  same  time?  thats  5g.  banking  insurance  /  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  retail  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  autonomous  unmanned  robots  are  essentially  robots  that  can  exchange  data  and  perform  computation  via  a  network  the  cloud.  unlike  ordinary  unmanned  robots,  autonomous  ones  can  make  decisions  and  carry  out  computeintensive  tasks  like  image  processing  and  voice  recognition.  for  example,  an  autonomous  unmanned  robot  can  find  an  object  its  never  seen  before  say,  a  plastic  cup,  send  an  image  of  the  cup,  and  receive  back  the  objects  name,  a  3d  model  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy instructions  on  how  to  use  it.  now  imagine  that  instead  of  a  cup,  its  a  component  from  an  engine.  and  the  robot  can  almost  instantly  start  building  that  engine.  it  also  has  capabilities  for  things  like:  construction  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  retail  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  we  arent  going  to  go  from  humandriving  to  selfdriving  cars  overnight.  in  fact,  there  are  five  stages  of  autonomy,  and  were  currently  at  stage  2  the  car  is  capable  of  some  functions  but  requires  constant  attention  from  the  driver.  once  we  reach  level  5  the  car  requires  no  input
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  a  human  to  drive,  autonomous  vehicles  will  become  a  computing  platform  on  wheels.  according  to  gartner,  its  estimated  autonomous  vehicles  will  create  4tb  of  data  every  90  minutes.  this  data  will  need  to  be  uploaded  to  a  cloud  platform  and  analyzed  by  ai,  and  then  the  actionable  insights  will  need  to  be  shared  with  the  vehicle.  and  if  information  from  all  vehicles  is  being  aggregated  and  acted  upon,  thats  a  whole  lot  of  throughput.  public  /  technology  /  transportation  imagine  an  area  with  higherthanusual  need  for  a  fantastic  wireless  connection  like  a  conference  center  or  an  expo.  if  every
__label__controloptimizationautonomy exhibitor  has  a  smartphonebased  ar  element,  that  means  a  lot  of  devices  that  all  need  highquality  connection.  a  5g  hotspot  would  mean  that  all  the  users  have  reliable,  highquality  access  to  wireless  signal.  so  theyll  be  able  to  upload  and  download  to  their  hearts  content.  all  at  the  same  time.  more  important,  itll  mean  that  the  businesses  running  all  these  venues  will  be  able  to  deliver  a  dramatically  better  experience  to  their  customers  and  their  partners.  all  patient  survival  during  prehospital  time  is  critical.  its  why  technologies  are  being  developed  that  allow  paramedics  to  transmit  patients  medical  data  including  highresolution
__label__controloptimizationautonomy images,  diagnostic  sounds  and  highquality  video  to  the  hospital  before  they  get  there.  it  includes  things  like  twoway  video  conferencing  between  ambulance  personnel  and  hospital  staff.  it  also  includes  communication  between  ambulance  equipment  and  telemedicine  tools  at  hospitals.  all  of  this  will  make  it  easier  to  provide  remote  therapeutics,  which  in  turn  will  improve  patients  prognoses.  the  best  part:  patient  data  will  be  protected  thanks  to  the  secure  cloud  network  that  transmits  the  data.  and  handover  between  technologies  and  data  sources  will  be  seamless  thanks  to  5g.  healthcare  /  public  if  youre  in  the  emergency  services,  reliable  communication  can  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  difference  between  life  and  death.  these  communications  happen  using  a  mix  of  proprietary  communication  channels  and  public  network  services.  with  network  slicing  in  5g,  itll  be  possible  to  give  emergency  services  a  totally  dedicated  slice  of  the  public  network  during  an  emergency.  so  no  matter  the  quantity  of  public  traffic,  those  serving  have  uninterrupted  service.  public  imagine  the  type  of  broadband  connection  you  have  in  your  home  or  your  office.  now  imagine  having  that  everywhere.  youre  just  about  to  leave  for  work  and  find  out  theres  an  impromptu  video  call  in  20  minutes.  they  need  you  to  send  over
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  whole  host  of  files  and  dial  in.  you  jump  in  an  uber,  sending  the  files  as  you  move.  you  get  your  train  just  in  time  to  dial  in,  turn  on  screen  share  and  walk  everyone  through  the  files.  once  the  call  is  over,  you  take  10  minutes  before  your  train  arrives  to  play  a  little  battle  royale  and  decompress.  one  thing  to  note:  when  it  first  launches,  5g  isnt  going  to  benefit  from  the  same  ubiquity  as  4g,  as  it  requires  new  infrastructure.  over  time,  5g  will  roll  out  everywhere  and  youll  have  broadbandquality  access  everywhere.  all  your  offices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy productivity  is  directly  dependent  on  the  reliability  of  its  connectivity.  to  upload  and  download  hefty  files,  to  make  smooth  video  calls  and  in  the  future  to  use  ar  and  vr  and  all  sorts  of  other  connected  devices.  with  5g  fixed  broadband,  youd  be  able  to  replace  your  current  wireline  setup  with  a  wireless  one,  meaning  you  can  easily  spin  up  temporary  sites  while  maintaining  continuity.  this  is  a  particularly  big  deal  if  you  need  to  bring  internet  to  buildings  with  aging  infrastructure  or  a  site  where  installing  cables  would  be  difficult  like  an  airport  no  wires,  no  problem.  construction  /
__label__controloptimizationautonomy public  /  retail  /  transportation  youre  being  shown  around  a  new  building  site  where  youre  overseeing  construction.  the  foreman  draws  your  attention  to  the  issue  hes  been  talking  about  with  the  foundations  and  you  take  a  closer  look.  only,  youre  not  really  there.  youre  on  a  plane  traveling  over  700  km/h.  halfway  around  the  world.  streaming  the  4k  footage  to  a  standalone  5g  vr  headset.  with  solid,  reliable  connection.  and  the  hundreds  of  other  people  on  the  plane  or  train,  or  shuttle  can  be  doing  the  same.  all  hundreds  of  people  are  turned  away  from  routine  cancer  treatments  annually  due
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  low  blood  counts,  wasting  the  patients  time  and  the  hospitals  resources.  an  athome  device  that  could  monitor  their  levels  and  instantly  update  the  hospital  would  be  able  to  schedule  treatment  at  an  optimal  moment.  and  reduce  unnecessary  trips  that  could  worsen  the  patients  condition.  and  because  preventions  better  than  cure,  home  bioconnectivity  could  replace  your  annual  checkup  with  a  daily  scan.  with  5g,  this  type  of  use  case  will  become  more  prevalent,  so  more  conditions  can  be  caught  earlier  and  treated  more  effectively,  even  from  a  distance,  using  telemedicine.  banking  insurance  /  healthcare  /  technology  once  autonomous  vehicles  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy taking  care  of  their  own  driving,  they  will  start  to  need  to  connect  to  the  world  around  them.  one  intelligent  car  in  a  traffic  jam  cant  do  much.  but  if  all  the  cars  on  the  road  can  communicate  with  each  other,  traffic  lights  and  a  network  with  live  traffic  updates,  theyll  be  able  to  avoid  the  traffic  jam  in  the  first  place.  theyll  have  seamless  lane  control,  intelligent  positioning,  and  the  ability  to  preemptively  adapt  to  speed  changes.  realtime  information  from  vehicles,  roadquality  sensors,  lights,  emergency  services  and  more  will  mean  a  selfdriving  vehicle  will  be  better  at  driving  than
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  human  driver  could  ever  be.  public  /  technology  /  transportation  we  already  have  glucose  monitors  and  heart  rate  monitors  that  connect  to  an  internetconnected  device  like  a  smartphone  using  lowenergy  bluetooth.  soon,  well  have  devices  that  can  detect  the  early  stages  of  any  illness.  5g  will  enable  lowpower,  lowcomplexity  devices  to  connect  directly  to  the  network,  transmitting  constant  readings,  from  heart  rate  and  blood  sugar,  to  temperature  and  hydration  levels.  this  means  a  cloud  service  using  artificial  intelligence  could  identify  the  early  stages  of  illness  and  provide  the  user  with  preventive  measures  or  make  a  doctors  appointment.  banking  insurance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy /  healthcare  /  public  unmanned  vehicles  are  machines  that  follow  instructions  set  by  remote  controllers  known  as  manipulators.  today,  a  common  example  would  be  remote  aerial  drones  known  as  uavs.  with  mainstream  adoption,  thats  going  to  mean  huge  density  of  devices  being  controlled  locally  or  from  a  distance.  unmanned  vehicles  can  be  used  for  a  whole  bunch  of  reasons:  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  public  /  technology  /  transportation  /  utilities  communication  is  an  essential  ingredient  of  the  smart  factory.  imagine  that  youve  got  a  factory  floor  filled  with  intelligent  multifunctional  robots.  if  they  can  communicate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  each  other,  theyll  be  able  to  assign  themselves  tasks  and  work  cooperatively  as  long  as  they  know  what  the  desired  outcome  is.  because  of  5gs  mobility,  your  smart  factory  would  be  able  to  identify  bottlenecks  in  production  and  dynamically  adjust  to  improve  output.  because  now  your  robots  wont  need  to  be  wired  to  be  connected  to  a  highspeed,  lowlatency,  highcapacity  private  5g  network.  construction  /  technology  /  manufacturing  5g  will  allow  energy  providers  to  monitor  the  precise  generation  and  transmission  of  energy  in  real  time.  this  will  allow  them  to  only  burn  the  exact  amount  of  fuel  that  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy needed,  creating  fewer  emissions  while  being  more  efficient.  with  the  density  of  sensors  on  the  infrastructure  pipes,  solar  panels,  wind  turbines,  5g  will  be  essential  to  managing  input  and  output  of  energy.  these  transmission  transactions  need  to  be  instantaneous  and  exact  to  keep  the  grid  up.  plus,  as  we  enter  an  age  when  power  is  both  created  and  used  by  elements  of  the  grid,  flow  needs  to  be  tightly  managed  in  real  time  to  prevent  outages.  which  means  if  you  run  a  company  that  ends  up  running  with  an  energy  surplus  like  hyperloop  is  theorized  to,  that  could  be  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy second  revenue  stream.  energy  /  public  /  utilities  a  big  area  for  5g  and  iot  is  the  smart  home.  today,  your  smart  thermostat  system  can  use  temperature  sensors,  motion  sensors  and  geofencing  on  your  phone  to  keep  your  home  the  right  temperature  at  the  right  time  and  connect  to  the  internet  for  remotecontrol  features.  as  adoption  grows,  the  possibilities  of  smart  home  from  sleep  tracking,  to  diet,  exercise,  entertainment  and  security  will  continue  to  grow.  and  the  opportunities  for  businesses  in  this  space  will  only  grow  too  what  happens  when  every  home  has  an  intelligent  network  of  sensors?  how  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy they  connect  with  other  services?  what  insights  could  businesses  leverage?  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  media  entertainment  /  technology  /  utilities  the  idea  that  you  have  to  travel  to  a  hospital  and  wait  in  a  room  full  of  sick  people  to  see  a  doctor  is  going  to  seem  outdated  very  soon.  were  already  seeing  a  rise  in  telemedicine,  where  you  can  have  a  video  conference  with  your  doctor.  not  only  does  this  save  time  and  reduce  chances  of  spreading  infection,  it  means  that  remote  areas  with  no  access  to  medical  staff  like  oil  rigs  or  research
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stations  can  still  get  expert  treatment.  with  5g,  your  doctor  will  be  able  to  monitor  and  control  medical  equipment  near  you  in  real  time.  which  will  mean  that,  at  the  very  least,  they  can  do  more  complex  checkups.  banking  insurance  /  healthcare  /  public  /  technology  with  vr  headsets  and  360  cameras,  were  getting  used  to  the  idea  of  being  immersed  visually  in  a  world  thats  miles  away.  but  with  the  tactile  internet,  youll  be  able  to  physically  interact  with  things  far  away  too.  to  feel  what  they  feel.  one  of  the  obvious  use  cases  for  this  is  remote  surgery
__label__controloptimizationautonomy where  feeling  the  exact  pressure  of  a  scalpel  on  skin  is  essential,  but  this  will  be  revolutionary  for  any  instance  where  touch  is  necessary.  imagine  a  skilled  watchmaker  being  able  to  control  a  robot  while  looking  through  a  microscope  so  shes  able  to  fix  a  watch  in  another  country.  or  an  engineer  repairing  a  pipe  under  the  ocean.  requirements:  industries:  construction  /  field  services  /  energy  /  healthcare  /  media  entertainment  /  public  /  transportation  /  utilities  as  we  move  toward  selfdriving  vehicles,  the  infotainment  system  in  the  car  is  going  to  move  from  being  a  satnav  and  music  control
__label__controloptimizationautonomy panel  to  a  gaming,  movie  watching,  advertising  space.  and  far  more  than  just  a  way  to  entertain  the  passengers  in  the  back,  when  theres  no  human  driver,  the  main  point  of  focus  in  the  car  is  going  to  be  the  infotainment  system.  once  we  reach  this  stage,  people  could  start  their  working  day  in  the  car,  typing,  joining  meetings,  watching  presentations  everything  you  do  at  your  desk,  in  a  car.  there  are  proposed  versions  of  cars  that  will  use  the  windows  as  displays  for  information  and  entertainment.  all  of  this  streamed,  highquality  infotainment  is  going  to  need  5g  for  its
__label__controloptimizationautonomy speed.  media  entertainment  /  technology  /  transportation  working  for  a  multinational  means  you  have  regular  meetings  with  colleagues  based  in  other  countries.  theyre  mostly  video  calls  so  you  still  get  face  time.  and  if  you  were  using  5g,  those  video  calls  would  be  vastly  better  than  with  4g.  crisper  image,  less  lag.  but  theres  a  step  beyond  that.  you  could  have  a  completely  virtual  meeting  in  vr,  or  using  ar,  youd  be  able  to  wear  a  pair  of  glasses  that  hook  up  to  a  system  with  cameras  and  sensors  that  lets  you  see  your  colleagues  as  if  theyre  sitting  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  same  room  with  you.  and  with  locationspecific  sound,  youll  be  able  to  look  in  the  eye  of  your  colleague  as  theyre  talking  and  have  more  than  one  person  talk  at  once  without  it  becoming  a  garbled  mess.  all  today,  smartwatches  are  being  released  with  lte  connectivity,  so  they  can  make  and  receive  calls  independent  of  a  smartphone.  with  5g,  we  could  see  a  device  that  delivers  seamless  service  continuity  while  moving  in  and  out  of  range  of  a  phone.  and  if  5g  provides  speeds  high  enough  that  compute  and  storage  can  be  delivered  as  a  cloud  service,  smartwatches  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  glasses  could  go  from  being  a  supplemental  device  to  a  powerful  standalone  device  of  their  own.  for  businesses,  this  is  an  opportunity  to  create  wearable  devices  like  ar  goggles  and  trackers.  but  theres  also  the  opportunity  to  augment  your  peoples  skills,  like  a  field  service  technician  getting  instructions  in  the  lenses  of  their  glasses  or  a  factory  worker  tracking  their  motion  to  prevent  injuries.  all  5g  will  open  up  the  possibility  of  giving  you  wireless  industrial  control  where  it  previously  hasnt  been  possible  due  to  limits  on  the  latency  needed  for  optimal  operation.  so  youll  be  able  to  fill
__label__controloptimizationautonomy your  factory  with  mobile,  secure  devices  with  wiredquality  connections.  wear  and  tear  of  cables  stops  being  an  issue,  allowing  parts  with  extreme  movement  to  remain  connected.  and  youre  able  to  reconfigure  the  assembly  line  on  the  fly,  as  the  robots  arent  hardwired.  plus,  it  frees  up  closedloop  systems  that  require  superfast  cycletime  ranges  to  be  wireless.  construction  /  energy  /  public  /  technology  /  manufacturing  /  utilities  sign  up  for  our  monthly  newsletter  to  better  understand  the  technological  forces  that  are  making  an  impact  and  shaping  our  future.  thank  you  for  your  information.  please  check  your  email  to  validate  your
__label__controloptimizationautonomy join  500,000  cb  insights  newsletter  readers  from  advanced  robotics  in  rd  labs  tocomputer  vision  in  warehouses,technology  is  making  an  impact  on  every  step  of  the  manufacturing  process.  start  your  free  trial  today  start  your  free  trial  today  lightsout  manufacturing  refers  to  factories  that  operate  autonomously  and  require  no  human  presence.  because  they  dont  need  human  supervision,  they  dont  require  lighting,  and  can  consist  of  several  machines  functioning  in  the  dark.  while  this  may  sound  like  science  fiction,  these  kinds  of  factories  have  been  a  reality  for  more  than  15  years.  learn  about  the  trends  and  technologies  disrupting  advanced  manufacturing  andwhat
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  watch  in  2019.  the  japanese  robotics  maker  fanuc  has  been  operating  a  lightsout  factory  since  2001,  where  robots  build  other  robots  completely  unsupervised  for  nearly  a  month  at  a  time.  not  only  is  it  lightsout,  said  fanuc  vp  gary  zywiol,  we  turn  off  the  air  conditioning  and  heat  too.  to  imagine  a  world  where  robots  do  all  the  physical  work,  one  simply  needs  to  look  at  the  most  ambitious  and  technologyladen  factories  of  today.  in  june  2018,  the  chinese  ecommerce  giant  jd.com  unveiled  a  fully  automated  storage  and  shipping  facility  in  shanghai.  thefactory  is  outfitted  with  twenty  industrial  robots
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  can  pick,  pack,  and  transfer  packages  with  no  human  presence  or  oversight.  without  robots,  it  would  take  as  many  as  500  workers  to  fully  staff  this  40k  square  foot  warehouse  instead,  the  factory  requires  only  five  technicians  to  service  the  machines  and  keep  them  working.  as  industrial  technology  grows  increasingly  pervasive,  this  wave  of  automation  and  digitization  is  being  labelled  ,  as  in  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  so,  what  does  the  future  of  factories  hold?  to  answer  this,  we  took  a  deep  dive  into  8  different  steps  of  the  manufacturing  process,  to  see  how  they  are  starting  to  change:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy despite  representing  11.6  of  us  gdp,manufacturing  remains  an  area  of  relatively  low  digitization  meaning  theres  plenty  of  headroom  for  automation  and  softwareled  improvements.  in  fact,  in  2017,  76  of  manufacturers  reported  having  a  smart  factory  initiative  in  the  works.  manufacturing  is  deeply  changing  with  new  technology,  and  nearly  every  manufacturing  vertical  from  cars,  to  electronics,  to  pharmaceuticals  is  implicated.  the  timelines  and  technologies  will  vary  by  sector,  but  most  steps  in  nearly  every  vertical  will  see  improvement.  read  on  for  acloser  look  at  how  technology  is  transformingeach  step  of  the  manufacturing  process.  1.  product  rd  from  drug  production  to  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design,  the  planning  stage  is  crucial  for  massproduction.  across  industries,  designers,  chemists,  and  engineers  are  constantly  hypothesis  testing.  will  this  design  look  right?  does  thiscompound  fit  our  needs?  testing  and  iterating  is  the  essence  of  research  and  development.  and  the  nature  of  massproduction  makes  lastminute  redesigns  costly.  major  corporations  across  drugs,  technology,  aerospace,  and  more  pour  billions  of  dollars  each  year  into  rd.  in  the  highlyscientific  world  of  rd,  highcaliber  talent  is  distributed  across  the  globe.  now,  software  is  helping  companies  tap  into  that  pool.  when  it  comes  to  networking  untapped  talentin  data  science  and  finance,  platforms  like  ,  ,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  are  democratizing  quant  work  and  compensating  their  collaborators.  the  concept  has  also  already  taken  off  with  pharmaceutical  rd,  though  its  growing  elsewhere  as  well.ondemand  science  platforms  like  are  currently  working  across  rd  verticals,  and  allow  corporations  to  quickly  solvefor  a  lack  of  onsite  talent  by  outsourcing  rd.  while  rd  scientists  may  seem  nonessential  to  the  manufacturing  process,  they  are  increasingly  critical  for  delivering  the  latest  and  greatest  technology,  especially  in  hightech  manufacturing.  companies  are  exploring  robotics,  3d  printing,  and  artificial  intelligence  as  avenues  to  improve  the  rd  process  and  reduce  uncertainty  when  going  into  production.  but  the  process  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hypothesis  testinghas  room  for  improvement,and  tightening  iteration  time  will  translate  to  faster  and  better  discoveries.  robotics  3d  printing  speed  up  product  development  across  verticals  accelerating  product  development  is  the  1  priority  for  firms  using  3d  printing,  according  to  a  recent  industry  survey.  moreover,  most  3d  printing  use  is  directed  atprototyping  new  technology.  3d  printing  is  already  a  staple  in  any  design  studio.  before  ordering  thousands  of  physical  parts,  designers  can  us  3d  printing  to  see  what  a  future  product  looks  like.  similarly,  robotics  is  automating  the  physical  process  of  trialanderror  across  a  wide  array  of  verticals.  in  rd  for  synthetic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy biology,  for  example,  robotics  is  making  a  big  impact  for  companies  like  and  ,  which  manufacture  custom  chemicals  from  yeast  microbes.  finding  the  perfect  microbe  requires  testing  up  to  4,000  different  variants  concurrently,  which  translates  to  lot  of  wet  lab  work.  using  automatic  pipette  systems  and  robotics  arms,  permit  highthroughput  experimentation  to  arrive  at  a  winning  combination  faster  and  with  less  human  error.  below  is  the  robot  gene  tester  counsyl  left,  used  for  transferring  samples,  and  zymergens  pipetting  robot  right  for  automating  microbe  culture  testing.  materials  engineering  is  the  ability  to  detect  a  very  small  particle  something  like  a  10nanometer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy particle  on  a  300millimeter  wafer.  that  is  really  equivalent  to  finding  an  ant  in  the  city  of  seattle.  om  nalamasu,  cto  at  applied  materials  companies  are  now  emerging  to  make  these  kinds  of  automatic  pipetting  technologies  and  others  more  accessible.  y  combinator  alum  has  raised  nearly  30m  for  its  platform  designed  to  allow  scientists  to  build  the  logic  to  automate  repetitive  experiments  without  using  code  it  claims  to  have  90  of  the  top  50  research  universities  now  using  its  software  and  robots.  its  4,000  lab  robot,  the  ot2,  comes  with  a  library  of  preprogrammed  experimental  routines  that  researchers  can  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  build  their  own  protocols.  looking  beyond  biotech,  material  science  has  played  a  pivotal  role  in  computing  and  electronics.  notably,  chip  manufacturers  like  intel  and  samsung  are  among  the  largest  rd  spenders  in  the  world.  as  semiconductors  get  eversmaller,  working  at  nanoscale  requires  precision  beyond  human  ability,  making  robotics  the  preferred  option.  tomorrows  scientific  tools  will  beincreasingly  moreautomated  and  precise  to  handle  microscale  precision.  currently,  the  is  healthcare,  as  companiesemploy  ai  for  drug  discovery  pipelines.  pharma  companies  are  such  as  and  ,and  its  only  a  matter  of  time  until  this  takes  off  elsewhere.  one  company  working  in  chemistry  and  materials
__label__controloptimizationautonomy science  is  below,  left.  citrine  runs  ai  on  its  massive  materials  database,  and  claims  it  helps  organizations  hit  rd  and  manufacturing  milestones  50  of  the  time.  in  2018,  citrine  raised  8m  from  tencent  to  aid  its  international  expansion  the  next  year,  it  announced  a  partnership  with  lanxess  to  work  on  the  use  of  ai  for  plastics  production.  similarly,  deepchem  right  develops  a  python  library  for  applying  deep  learning  to  chemistry.  in  short,  manufacturers  across  sectors  industrial  biotech,  drugs,  cars,  electronics,  or  other  material  goods  are  relying  on  robotic  automation  and  3d  printing  to  remain  competitive  and  tighten  the  feedback  loopin
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bringing  a  product  to  launch.  already,  startups  developing  or  commercializing  complex  materials  are  .  companies  like  employ  carbon  fiber  composites,  where  others  like  are  developing  composites  with  rare  nanostructures  and  exotic  physical  properties.  as  of  markforged  has  provided  3d  printing  services  to  google,  amazon,  and  general  motors,  and  the  company  shipped  2,500  printers  in  2018.  certainly,  manufacturers  of  the  future  will  be  relying  on  intelligent  software  to  make  their  rd  discoveries.  currently,  manufacturers  of  all  types  rely  on  prototyping  with  computer  aided  design  cad  software.  in  future  manufacturing  processes,  augmented  and  virtual  reality  could  play  a  greater  role  in  rd,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  could  effectively  abstract  away  the  desktop  pc  for  industrial  designers,  possibly  eliminating  the  need  for  3d  printed  physical  models.  ,  the  software  developer  of  autocad,  is  a  bellwether  for  the  future  of  prototyping  and  collaboration  technology.  the  company  has  been  in  cuttingedge  technology  such  as  3d  printing,  including  a  partnership  with  health  ai  startup  .  recently,  autodesks  exploration  into  making  an  ar/vr  game  engine  foreshadows  the  larger  role  it  envisions  for  .  autodesks  game  engine,  called  stingray,  has  support  for  the  htc  vive  and  oculus  rift  headsets.  additionally,  game  and  vr  engine  maker  has  a  partnership  with  autodesk  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy increase  interoperability.  similarly,  apple  has  imagined  .using  the  cb  insights  database,  we  surfaced  an  apple  patent  that  envisions  ar  overlaying  computergenerated  virtual  information  onto  realworld  views  of  existing  objects,  effectively  allowing  industrial  designers  to  make  3dprinted  edits  onto  existing  or  unfinished  objects.  the  envisions  using  ar  through  semitransparent  glasses,  but  also  mentions  a  mobile  device  equipped  with  a  camera,hinting  at  potential  3d  printing  opportunities  for  using  arkit  on  an  iphone.  a  researcher  at  cornell  has  recently  the  ability  to  sketch  with  ar/vr  while  3d  printing.  eventually,  the  humancomputer  interface  could  be  soseamless  that  3d  models  can  be  sculpted  in  real
__label__controloptimizationautonomy time.  tomorrows  rd  team  will  be  exploring  ar  and  vr,  and  testing  how  it  works  in  combination  with  3d  printing,  as  well  as  the  traditional  prototyping  stack.  2.  resource  planning  sourcing  once  a  product  design  is  finalized,  the  next  step  is  planning  how  it  will  be  made  at  production  scale.  typically,  this  requires  gathering  a  web  of  parts  suppliers,  basic  materials  makers,  and  contract  manufacturers  to  fulfill  a  largescale  build  of  the  product.but  finding  suppliers  and  gaining  trust  is  a  difficult  and  timeconsuming  process.  the  vacuum  maker  dyson,  for  example,took  up  to  two  years  to  find  suppliers  for  its  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy push  into  the  auto  industry:  whether  youre  a  dyson  or  a  toyota  it  takes  18  months  to  tool  for  headlights,  a  worker  on  their  project  .  assembly  lines  today  are  so  lean  theyre  integrating  a  nearly  realtime  inflow  of  parts  and  assembling  them  as  fast  as  they  arrive.  hondas  ukbased  assembly  factory,  for  example,  only  keeps  s  worth  of  parts  ready  to  go.  after  brexit,  the  company  reported  longer  holdups  for  incoming  parts  at  the  border,  and  said  that  each  15  minute  delay  translates  to850,000  per  year.  we  looked  at  how  technology  is  improving  this  complicated  sourcing  process.  decentralized  manufacturing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy may  be  one  impending  change  that  helps  manufacturers  handle  demand  for  parts  orders.  distributed  or  decentralized  manufacturing  employs  a  network  of  geographically  dispersed  facilities  that  are  coordinated  with  it.  parts  orders,  especially  for  making  medium  or  smallrun  items  like  3d  printed  parts,  can  be  fulfilled  at  scale  using  distributed  manufacturing  platforms.  companies  like  and  offer  ondemand  additive  manufacturing  and  cncmilling  a  subtractive  method  that  carves  an  object  out  of  a  block,  fulfilling  parts  orders  acrossits  networks  of  workshops.  xometrys  site  allows  users  to  simply  upload  a  3d  file  and  get  quotes  on  milling,  3d  printing,  or  even  injection  molding  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy parts.the  company  is  also  working  on  cad  integration  to  simplify  the  process  of  ordering.  to  fulfill  all  those  ondemand  orders,  the  company  works  with  more  than  3,000  different  materials  suppliers.  xometry  raised  50m  from  dell,  bmw,  and  ge  among  others  in  2019.  the  similar  amsterdambased  promises  the  ability  to  take  a  quote  on  a  part  and  put  it  into  production  in  less  than  5  minutes.  in  2018,  3d  hubs  transitioned  from  its  original  business  model  as  a  community  3d  printer  to  a  focus  on  highend  plastic,  metal,  and  .  xometry  and  3d  hubs  arent  alone  in  offering  printing  services:upsis  also
__label__controloptimizationautonomy embracing  the  movement,  like  nozzles  and  brackets  in  60  locationsand  using  its  logistics  network  to  deliver  orders  globally.  as  masscustomization  takes  off,  so  could  the  reliance  on  decentralized  network  of  parts  suppliers.  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  software  tracks  resource  allocation  from  raw  material  procurement  all  the  way  through  customer  relationship  management  crm.  yet  a  manufacturing  business  can  have  so  many  disparate  erp  systems  and  siloed  data  that,  ironically,  the  erp  stack  which  is  intended  to  simplify  things  can  itself  become  a  tangled  mess  of  cobbledtogether  software.  in  fact,  a  found  that  many  large  industrial  manufacturers  have  as  many  as  100
__label__controloptimizationautonomy different  erp  systems.  blockchain  and  distributed  ledger  technologies  dlt  projects  aim  to  unite  data  from  a  companys  various  processes  and  stakeholders  into  a  universal  data  structure.  corporate  giants  are  piloting  blockchain  projects,  often  specifically  aiming  to  reduce  the  complexity  and  disparities  of  their  siloed  databases.  in  2017,  british  airways  testedblockchain  technologyto  maintain  a  unified  database  of  information  on  flights  and  stop  conflicting  flight  information  from  appearing  at  gates,  on  airport  monitors,  at  airline  websites,  and  in  customer  apps.  when  it  comes  tokeeping  track  of  the  sourcing  of  parts  and  raw  materials,  blockchain  can  manage  the  disparateinflows  to  a  factory.  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blockchain,  as  products  change  hands  across  a  supply  chain  from  manufacture  to  sale,  the  transactions  can  be  documented  on  a  permanent  decentralized  record  reducing  time  delays,  added  costs,  and  human  errors.  treum,  a  project  out  of  the  ethereumbased  startup  studio  consensys,works  on  a  number  of  capitalintensive  areas  that  serve  manufacturers.  and  is  building  a  traceability  system  for  materials  and  products,  enabling  businesses  to  engage  consumers  at  the  point  of  sale  with  information  gathered  collaboratively  from  suppliers  all  along  the  supply  chain.  going  forward,  we  can  expect  more  blockchain  projects  to  build  supply  chain  management  scm  software,  handle  machinetomachine  m2m  communication
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  payments,and  promote  cybersecurity  by  keeping  a  companys  data  footprint  smaller.  learn  about  the  trends  and  technologies  disrupting  advanced  manufacturing  andwhat  to  watch  in  2019.  3.  operations  technology:  monitoring  machine  data  industrial  downtime  is  a  647b  a  year  problem,  according  to  the  international  society  of  automation.  presumably,  tomorrows  manufacturing  process  will  eventually  look  like  one  huge,  selfsustaining  cyberphysicalorganism  that  only  intermittently  requireshuman  intervention.  but  across  sectors,  the  manufacturing  process  has  a  long  way  to  go  before  we  get  there.  according  to  lean  manufacturing  metrics  measured  by  overall  equipment  effectiveness,  or  oee,  worldclass  manufacturing  sites  are  working  at  85  of  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy theoretical  capacity.  yet  the  average  factory  is  only  at  about  60,  meaning  theres  vast  room  for  improvement  in  terms  of  how  activities  are  streamlined.  industry  4.0s  maturation  over  the  next  two  decades  will  first  require  basic  digitization.  initially,  well  see  a  wave  of  machines  become  more  digitalfriendly.  later,  that  digitization  could  translate  into  predictive  maintenance  and  true  predictive  intelligence.  large  capital  goods  have  evolved  to  a  power  by  the  hour  business  model  that  guarantees  uptime.power  by  the  hour  or  performancebased  contracting  is  now  fairlycommon  in  the  manufacturing  world,  especially  in  missioncritical  areas  like  semiconductors,  aerospace,  and  defense.  the  idea  dates
__label__controloptimizationautonomy back  to  the  1960s,  when  jet  engine  manufacturers  like  ge  aviation,  rolls  royce,  and  pratt  whitney  began  selling  thrust  hours,  as  opposed  to  oneoff  engine  sales.  this  allows  engine  makers  to  escape  the  commodity  trapand  to  focus  on  highmargin  maintenance  and  digital  platforms.  nowadays,  ge  is  incentivized  to  track  every  detail  of  its  engine,  because  it  only  gets  paid  if  the  engine  is  working  properly.  despite  a  guarantee  of  uptime,  a  machines  owner  is  responsible  for  optimizing  usage  just  like  airlines  that  buyjet  engines  still  need  to  put  them  to  good  use.  in  short,  factory  owners  still  own  the  output
__label__controloptimizationautonomy risk  between  the  chain  of  machines.  without  digitizing  every  step,  efficiency  is  being  left  on  the  table.  yet  there  are  serious  barriers  for  manufacturers  to  take  on  the  new  burden  of  analytics.  shop  floors  typically  contain  old  machines  that  still  have  decades  of  production  left  in  them.  in  addition  to  significant  cost,  sensors  tracking  temperature  and  vibration  arent  made  with  a  typical  machine  in  mind,  lengthening  the  calibration  period  and  efficacy.  when  harleydavidsons  manufacturing  plant  went  through  an  iiot  sensor  retrofit,mike  fisher,  a  general  manager  at  the  company,  sensors  make  the  equipment  more  complicated,  and  they  are  themselves  complicated.  but
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  the  complexity  comes  opportunity.  to  put  it  simply,  operational  technology  or  ot  is  similar  to  traditional  it,but  tailored  for  the  uncarpetedareas.  where  the  typical  it  stack  includes  desktops,  laptops,  and  connectivity  for  knowledge  work  and  proprietary  data,  ot  manages  the  direct  control  or  monitoring  of  physical  devices.  for  manufacturers,  the  ot  stack  typically  includes:  in  a  way,it  and  ot  are  two  sides  to  the  same  tech  stack  token,  and  as  manufacturing  gets  better  digitized,  theboundarieswill  continue  to  blur.  today,  the  brain  for  most  industrial  machines  is  in  the  programmable  logic  controller  plc,  which  are  ruggedized  computers.  industrial  giants  like
__label__controloptimizationautonomy siemens,  abb,  schneider,  and  rockwell  automation  all  offer  highpriced  plcs,  but  these  can  be  unnecessarily  expensive  for  smaller  manufacturing  firms.  this  has  created  an  opportunity  for  startups  like  tobring  offtheshelf  computing  hardware  that  can  plug  into  most  machines  directly,  or  integrate  existing  plcs.  this,  in  turn,  allows  small  and  mediumsized  businesses  to  be  leaner  and  analyze  their  efficiency  in  real  time.  asdigitization  becomes  ubiquitous,  the  next  wave  in  tech  efficiency  improvements  will  be  about  predictive  analytics.  todays  narrative  around  the  internet  of  things  has  suggested  that  everything  every  conveyorand  robotic  actuator  will  have  a  sensor,  but  not  all  factory  functions
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  of  equal  value.  slapping  cheap  iot  sensors  on  everything  isnt  a  cureall,  and  its  entirely  possible  that  more  value  gets  created  from  a  smaller  number  of  more  specialized,  highly  accurate  iot  sensors.  ,  for  example,  uses  aiequipped  sensors  to  listen  to  machines  and  predict  failure.  costconscious  factory  owners  will  recognize  that  highly  accurate  sensors  will  deliver  greater  roi  than  needless  iot.  computing  done  at  the  edge,  or  closer  to  the  sensor,  is  a  new  trend  within  iiot  architecture.  drafting  on  innovations  in  ai,  and  smarter  hardware,  peter  levine  of  a16z  an  end  to  cloud  computing  for  avs,  drones,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advanced  iot  objects.  connected  machines  in  future  factories  should  be  no  different.  edge  computing  offers  significant  benefits  to  manufacturers,  including:  companies  like  specialize  in  edge  computing  close  to  the  point  of  collection,  whereas  a  company  like  does  fog  computing  think  a  lowerhanging  cloud  thats  done  onsite  like  a  lan.  both  methods  allow  missioncritical  devices  to  operate  safely  without  the  latency  of  transmitting  all  data  to  a  cloud.  in  the  near  future,  advances  in  ai  and  hardware  will  allow  iot  as  we  know  it  to  be  nearly  independent  of  centralized  clouds.  this  is  important  because  in  the  short  term,  it  means
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  rural  factories  dont  need  to  send  10,000  machine  messages  relaying  im  ok,  which  expends  costly  bandwidth  and  compute.  instead,  they  can  just  send  anomalies  to  a  centralized  server  and  mostlyhandle  the  decisionmaking  locally.  additionally,  cloud  computing  latency  has  drastic  downsides  in  manufacturing.  mission  criticalsystems  such  as  connected  factories  cant  afford  the  delay  of  sending  packets  to  offsite  cloud  databases.  cutting  power  to  a  machine  splitseconds  too  late  is  the  difference  between  avoiding  and  incurring  physical  damage.  and  in  the  longer  term,edge  computing  lays  downthe  rails  for  the  autonomous  factory.  the  ai  software  underpinning  the  edge  will  be  the  infrastructure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  allows  factory  machines  to  make  decisions  independently.  in  sum,  devices  that  leverage  greatercomputing  at  the  edge  of  the  network  are  poised  to  usher  in  a  new,  decentralizedwave  of  factory  devices.  one  paradox  of  iiot  is  that  factories  bear  significant  downside  risk,  yet  are  barely  investing  in  protection.  that  cyber  espionage  affects  manufacturing  more  than  any  other  industry,  and  81  of  organizations  are  concerned  about  the  security  risks  of  factory  floor  iot,  only  37  of  corporations  believe  their  internal  cybersecurity  awareness  programs  are  effective.  further,  48  of  manufacturers  have  suffered  some  kind  of  cybersecurity  incident.  cyber  attacks  can  be  devastating
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  heavy  industry,  where  cyberphysical  systems  can  be  compromised.  the  wannacry  ransomware  attack  caused  shutdowns  at  the  renaultnissan  auto  plants  in  europe.  in  2019,  another  ransomware  attack  on  the  norwegian  aluminum  producer  norsk  hydro  resulted  in  estimated  losses  of  41m  of  lost  production  capacity.  consequently,  within  cybersecurity,  and  many  startups  like  are  offering  iot  gatewayswhich  bridge  the  disparate  protocols  for  connected  sensors  to  allow  manufacturers  across  many  verticals  to  monitor  theiriiot  networks.  other  gatewaybased  security  companies  like  are  even  employing  blockchains  tamperproof  ledgersso  industrial  sensors  can  share  data  securely.  81  of  organizations  are  concerned  about  the  security  risks  of  factory
__label__controloptimizationautonomy floor  iot,  yet  only  37  of  corporations  believe  their  internal  cybersecurity  awareness  programs  are  effective.  similarly,  adding  connected  iot  objects  and  industrial  control  system  ics  sensors  has  opened  up  new  vulnerabilities  at  the  endpoint.  companies  like  rubicon  labs  and  mocana  are  developing  secure  communication  products  at  the  ip  and  the  device  level.  mocana  sells  endtoend  cybersecurity  suites  specialized  for  iot  devices,  with  customers  like  samsung,  verizon,  xerox  and  panasonic.  in  2019,  the  company  raised  15m  to  expand  into  visibility  and  analytics  tools.  additionally,  several  ofthe  most  active  enterprise  cybersecurity  investors  are  corporates  with  interests  in  ot  computing.  the  venture  arms
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  dell  which  makes  industrial  iot  gateways,  as  well  as  google,  ge,  samsung,  and  intel  are  among  the  most  active  in  this  space.  managing  theics  and  iiot  systems  securely  will  continue  to  be  a  critical  area  for  investment,  especially  as  hack  after  hack  proves  ots  vulnerability.  4.labor  augmentation  management  in  a  2017  about  furniture  maker  steelcases  production  line,  humans  were  described  asbeing  solely  present  to  guideautomation  technology.  steelcases  vision  tables,  which  are  computerized  workstations  that  dictate  stepbystep  instructions,  eliminate  human  error  in  assembling  furniture.  usingsound  cues  and  overhead  scanners  to  track  assembly,  the  system  wont  let  workers  proceed  if  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy step  is  done  incorrectly.  scanners  also  allow  offsite  operations  engineers  to  analyze  progress  in  real  time.  thenew  yorkerwrote  about  steelcases  labor  management,  a  decade  ago,  industrial  robots  assisted  workers  in  their  tasks.  now  workers  those  who  remain  assist  the  robots  in  theirs.  what  manufacturing  looks  like  has  changed  drastically  in  a  short  time.  as  a  retired  siemens  executive  recently  ,  people  on  the  plant  floor  need  to  be  much  more  skilled  than  they  were  in  the  past.  there  are  no  jobs  for  high  school  graduates  at  siemens  today.  but  betterdigitization  and  cyberphysical  technologiesare  all  augmenting  the  efficiency  and  manpower  available
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  the  workers.heres  howemerging  technology  like  augmented  reality  ar,  wearables,  and  exosuits  are  fitting  in.  augmented  reality  will  be  able  to  boost  the  skills  of  industrialworker.  in  addition  to  being  a  handsfree  browser  that  can  communicate  factory  performance  indicatorsand  assign  work,  ar  can  analyze  complicated  machine  environments  and  use  computer  vision  to  map  out  a  machines  parts,  like  a  realtime  visual  manual.  this  makes  highly  skilled  labor  like  field  service  a  downloadable  skill  in  a  manner  not  unlike  the  matrix.  and  are  wellfunded  headset  makers  that  focus  on  industrial  settings.  s  skylight  platform  below  makes  ar  for  the  industrial  workforce
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  google  glass,  vuzix,  odg,  and  realwear  headsets.  the  company  has  raised  nearly  50m  from  the  corporate  venture  arms  of  boeing  and  ge,  among  other  investors.  many  ar  makers  envision  the  tech  working  like  a  handsfree  internet  browser  that  allows  workers  to  see  realtime  stats  of  relevant  information.  s  wearable  display  doesnt  aspire  to  true  augmented  reality  like  a  daqri  headset,  but  even  a  small  display  in  the  corner  of  the  eye  is  fairly  robust.  others  like  do  similar  work  in  field  service  using  mobile  and  ipad  cameras,  employing  ar  to  highlight  parts  on  industrial  equipment  and  connecting  to  support
__label__controloptimizationautonomy experts  in  real  time.  this  saves  on  the  travel  costs  of  flying  out  people  to  repair  broken  equipment.  ,  an  enterprise  ar  developer  from  munich,  has  built  a  platform  for  turning  cad  data  into  augmented  reality  applications  for  maintenance  and  training.  jaguar  land  rover  used  reflekt  one  to  build  a  training  app  that  would  allow  employees  to  acquire  xray  vision  into  a  car  and  let  them  identify  the  exact  component  or  repair  needed.  as  the  maxim  goes,  what  gets  measured  gets  managed,  and  in  an  area  where  robots  are  a  constant  competitive  pressure,  manufacturing  organizations  will  invest  in  technologies  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy digitize  human  efforts  down  to  each  movement.  exoskeleton  technology  is  finally  becoming  a  reality  on  factory  floors,  which  could  drastically  reduce  the  physical  toll  of  repetitive  work.  startups  here  are  making  wearable  hightech  gearthat  bear  the  load  alongside  a  workerslimbs  and  back.  ,seen  below,  is  piloting  its  eksovest  suit  at  ford  motor  companys  michigan  assembly  plants,and  workers  using  the  suit  have  reported  less  neck  stress  in  their  daily  demands.  the  eksovestreduces  wear  from  repetitive  motion  and,  unlike  some  competing  products,  provides  lift  assistance  without  batteries  or  robotics.  eksos  cto  has  said  the  longterm  strategy  is  to  get  workers  accustomed  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  technology  before  eventually  moving  into  powered  exoskeletons.  is  another  wellknown  exosuit  maker,  which  has  raised  from  corporates  including  schlumberger,  caterpillar,  and  microsoft  and  ges  venture  arms.  sarcos  is  more  strictly  focused  on  remote  controlled  robotics  and  powered  exoskeletons.  its  robotic  exoskeleton,  which  a  worker  can  put  on  or  take  off  in  30  seconds,  can  help  a  user  lift  and  put  down  200  lbs  repeatedly  for  an  up  to  eighthour  work  session.  in  2018,  delta  became  one  of  the  initial  members  of  sarcoss  exoskeleton  technical  advisory  group  xtag  alongside  bechtel  and  bmw.  in  similar  territory  is  ,  which  makes  posturemeasuring
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  liftassisting  wearables.  strong  arm  touts  predictive  power  to  intervene  before  risk  of  injury  or  incident,  and  is  positioned  as  a  laborfocused  risk  management  platform.  where  humans  are  still  needed  for  some  dirty  and  dangerous  tasks,  wearables  and  exoskeletons  will  augment  humans  ability  to  do  work  while  also  promoting  safety.  5.machining,  production,  assembly  automation  is  coming  for  dirty,  dull,  and  dangerous  jobs  first.  already,  many  human  jobs  within  the  massproduction  assembly  line  have  been  crowded  out  by  automation.  cyberphysical  systems  like  industrial  robotics  and  3d  printing  are  increasingly  common  in  the  modern  factory.  robots  have  gotten  cheaper,  more  accurate,  safer,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  more  prevalent  alongside  humans.  consumer  tastes  have  also  broadened,  and  manufacturers  are  trying  to  keep  up  with  increasing  demands  for  customization  and  variety.  visions  for  industry  4.0  involve  a  completely  intelligent  factory  where  networked  machines  and  products  communicate  through  iot  technology,  and  not  only  prototype  and  assemble  a  specific  series  of  products,  but  also  iterate  on  those  products  based  on  consumer  feedback  and  predictive  information.  before  we  reach  a  world  where  humans  are  largely  uninvolved  with  manufacturing,  modular  design  can  help  existing  factories  become  more  flexible.  modularity  allows  the  factory  to  be  more  streamlined  for  customization,  as  opposed  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  uniformity  thats  traditionalfor  the  assembly  line.  modularity  could  come  in  the  form  of  smaller  parts,  or  modules,  that  go  into  a  more  customizableproduct.  or  it  could  be  equipment,  such  as  swappable  endeffectors  on  robots  and  machines,  allowing  for  a  greater  variety  of  machining.  presently,  massproduction  is  already  refashioning  itself  to  handle  consumer  demand  for  greater  customization  and  variety.  90  of  automakers  in  a  2016  bcg  said  they  expect  a  modular  line  setup  will  be  relevant  in  final  assembly  by  2030.  modular  equipment  will  allow  more  models  to  come  off  the  same  lines.  startups  are  capitalizing  on  the  push  toward
__label__controloptimizationautonomy modular  parts.  seedstage  company  makes  custom  industrial  equipment  ondemand.  choosing  from  ventions  modular  parts,  all  a  firm  needs  to  do  is  upload  a  cad  designof  the  equipment  they  want,and  then  wait  3  days  to  be  sent  specialized  tooling  or  robot  equipment.  many  existing  factories  have  odd  jobs  that  can  be  done  by  a  simple  cobot  collaborative  robot  arm  or  custom  machine,  and  these  solutions  will  gain  momentum  as  factories  everywhere  search  for  ways  to  improve  efficiency.  modular  production  will  impact  any  sector  offering  increasedproduct  customization.  personalized  medicine,  for  example,is  driving  demand  for  smaller  and  more  targeted  batches.  in  pharmaceutical  manufacturing,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy modularity  allows  processors  to  produce  a  variety  of  products,  with  faster  changeovers.  learn  about  the  trends  and  technologies  disrupting  advanced  manufacturing  andwhat  to  watch  in  2019.  industrial  robotics  are  responsible  for  eroding  manufacturing  jobs,  which  have  been  on  the  decline  for  decades.asareport  by  bank  of  america  merrill  lynch  explains:  long  robots,  short  humans.  but  the  latest  wave  of  robotics  seems  to  be  augmenting  what  a  human  worker  can  accomplish.  cobots  collaborative  robots  are  programmable  through  assisted  movement.  they  learn  by  first  being  moved  manuallyand  then  copying  the  movement  moving  forward.  these  robots  are  considered  collaborative  because  they  can  work  alongside
__label__controloptimizationautonomy humans.  whether  these  are  truly  collaborative  or  rendering  human  labor  redundant  remains  to  be  seen.  after  a  nissan  plant  in  tennessee  added  autonomous  guided  vehicles,  no  material  handlers  were  laid  off  with  the  increased  productivity.  european  aircraft  manufacturer  airbus  also  a  mobile  robot,  whichworks  alongside  humans  to  drill  thousands  of  holes  into  passenger  jets.  while  even  the  best  robots  still  have  limitations,  economists  fear  that  automation  will  eventually  lead  to  a  drastic  restructuring  of  labor.  due  to  rising  labor  costs  worldwide,  robotics  are  presently  causing  a  new  wave  of  reshoring  the  return  of  manufacturing  to  the  united  states.  manufacturing  jobs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  us  have  been  increasing  since  2011.  60  of  those  came  from  reshoring  of  jobs  previously  located  in  china.  ,  north  american  firms  bought  32  more  robots  year  over  year.  a  majority  of  us  manufacturers,  in  a  survey  conducted  by  bcg,  said  that  lower  automation  costs  have  made  the  us  more  competitive.  robotics  have  become  invaluable  for  monotonous  jobs  such  as  packaging,  sorting,  lifting  repeatedly.cobot  manufacturer  says  some  of  its  robot  arms  pay  for  themselves  in  195  days  on  average.  as  a  whole,  the  category  of  collaborative  robots  are  on  average  at  24,000  apiece.  weve  previouslyidentified  more  than  80
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robotics  startups,  but  for  heavyduty  machining,  significant  market  share  is  taken  by  big  industrials  players  like  abb,  mitsubishi,  fanuc,  and  yaskawa.  in  the  near  term,  the  reprogrammable  nature  of  cobots  will  allow  manufacturing  firms  to  become  more  customized  and  work  in  parallel  with  existing  equipment  and  employees.  on  a  longer  time  horizon,  however,  robotics  will  be  the  engine  for  moving  towards  lightsout  manufacturing.  for  certain  massproduced  items,  3d  printing  will  never  beat  the  economies  of  scale  seen  in  injection  molding.  but  for  smaller  runs,  fulfillment  using  additive  manufacturing  will  make  sense.  using  metal  additive  manufacturing  for  onethird  of  components,  ge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy made  an  engine  that  burns  20  less  fuel  than  previous  designs.  as  of  may  2019,  ges  test  fleet  using  this  new  catalyst  engine  has  simulated  the  equivalent  of  three  years  of  field  operation.  manufacturers  will  increasingly  turn  to  3d  printing  as  masscustomization  takes  off  within  certain  consumer  products.  shoes  have  becomeone  popularuse  case  to  watch.  for  example,  adidas  has  partnered  with  carbon  to  massprint  custom  athletic  shoes.  additionally,  other  3d  printing  services  companies  like  and  have  positioned  themselves  specifically  for  the  shoe  use  case.  just  a  few  years  from  now,  it  may  be  more  commonplace  to  see  masscustomized  parts  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy consumer  electronics,  apparel,  and  other  accessories  all  brought  to  you  by  3d  printing.  additionally,  if  rocketprinting  startup  is  any  indication,  the  technology  will  also  be  applied  to  building  largescale  industrial  print  jobs.  industrial  3d  printing  is  the  hottest  segment  withinthe  broader  space,and  that  include  carbon  fiber  or  other  metals  with  exotic  properties.  6.quality  assurance  as  the  factory  gets  digitized,  quality  assurance  will  become  increasingly  embedded  in  the  organizations  codebase.  machine  learningpowered  data  platforms  like  ,  ,  and  ,  among  a  host  of  others,  will  be  able  codify  lean  manufacturing  principles  into  systems  inner  workings.  computer  vision  and  blockchain  technologies  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy already  on  the  scene,  and  offer  some  compelling  alternative  methods  for  trackingquality.  in  mass  production,  checking  whether  every  product  is  to  specification  is  a  very  dull  job  that  is  limited  by  human  fallibility.  in  contrast,  future  factories  will  employ  machine  vision  to  scan  for  imperfectionsthat  the  human  eyemight  miss.  venturebacked  startups  like  are  training  ai  to  spot  manufacturing  issues.  and  famed  ai  researcher  andrew  ng  has  a  manufacturingfocused  startup  called  that  is  already  working  with  foxconn,  an  electronics  contract  manufacturer.  below  is  a  view  inside  landing.ais  module  for  identifying  defects.  many  imperfections  in  electronics  arent  even  visible  to  the  human
__label__controloptimizationautonomy eye.  being  able  to  instantaneously  identify  and  categorize  flaws  will  automate  quality  control,  making  factoriesmore  adaptive.  in  august  2017,  walmart,  kroger,  nestle,  and  unilever,  among  others,  partnered  with  ibm  through  enhanced  supply  chain  tracking.  walmart  has  been  working  with  ibm  since  2016,  and  said  that  blockchain  technologyhelped  reduce  the  time  required  to  track  mango  shipments  from  7  days  to  2.2  seconds.  with  9  other  big  food  suppliers  joining  the  ibm  project,  including  albertsons  the  secondlargest  global  supermarket  by  sales  in  2019,  the  food  industry  where  collaboration  is  rare  could  also  be  better  aligned  for  safety  recalls.  similarly,  factories  employing  blockchains
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  distributed  ledgers  could  be  better  positioned  in  the  event  of  recall.  in  factories  where  food  or  automobiles  are  processed,  a  single  system  for  managing  recalls  could  more  swiftly  figure  out  the  origin  of  faulty  parts  or  contaminated  batches,  possibly  saving  lives  and  money.  7.warehousing  lightsout  warehouses  may  come  even  faster  than  lightsout  factories.  with  the  rise  of  ecommerce,  demand  for  warehouse  space  has  exploded.  last  year,  the  average  warehouse  ceiling  height  was  up  compared  to  2001,  and  spending  for  new  warehouse  construction  hit  a  peak  in  october  2017,  with  2.3b  spent  on  construction  in  that  month  alone.  through  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy last  two  decades,  the  average  rental  area  of  warehouses  has  grown  by  60  across  the  us.  amazons  historic  775m  acquisition  of  is  said  to  have  set  off  an  arms  race  among  robotics  makers.  riding  the  ecommerce  wave  and  the  industrywide  pressure  to  deliver  orders  on  time,  weve  witnessed  an  focused  on  making  fulfillment  more  efficient.  today,  amazon  itself  has  200,000  robotic  units  installed  at  distribution  centers  ,  including  800  complex,  largescale  pegasus  robots.  lately,  other  kivalike  companies,  including  and  ,  are  focusing  on  other  areas  of  warehouse  automation,  such  as  picking  and  palletizing.  some  startups  such  as  and  have  applied
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  classic  robotic  arm  to  package  ecommerce  orders,  though  their  collaborative  nature  makes  them  suited  for  a  number  of  industrial  tasks.  weve  previously  looked  at  .  raised  46m  for  its  treadmillshaped  warehouse  cobot,  chuck,  which  helps  warehouse  employees  with  daily  tasks.  some  of  the  biggest  names  in  robotics  are  turning  their  attention  to  warehouse  logistics  too.  in  april  2019,  themassachusettsbased  engineering  and  robotics  design  firm  acquired  industrial  machine  vision  startup  kinema  systems  as  part  of  its  plans  to  expand  into  warehouse  robotics.  manufacturers  and  hardwarefocused  investors  will  continue  to  hunt  for  the  next  robotics  maker  thats  10x  better  than  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy status  quo.  and  the  economics  of  cheaper  and  more  agile  robots  may  mean  well  see  more  robots  alongside  humans  in  the  short  term.  as  computer  vision  melds  with  enterprise  resource  planning,  fewer  people  and  clipboards  will  be  needed  in  sorting,  scanning,  and  spotting  defects.  ,  for  example,  uses  computer  vision  inside  fixed  iiot  and  handheld  scanners.  machine  vision  canmeasureproducts  dimensions,  count  the  number  of  boxes  in  a  pallet,  and  inspectthe  quality  of  boxes.presently,  this  is  oftendone  with  clipboards,  eyeballing,  and  intermittent  scanning.  3d  infotech  uses  another  kind  of  machine  vision  technology  called  universal  metrology  automation  uma,  which  uses  blue  light
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  laser  scanning  to  measure  surfaces  at  high  speeds.  vision  will  be  increasingly  crucial  for  iiot  to  abstract  away  a  realtime  picture  of  whats  happening  inside  a  warehouse.  8.transport  supply  chain  management  once  the  product  is  packaged  and  palletized,  getting  it  out  the  door  efficientlyis  a  daunting  task.  with  thousands  of  sku  numbers  and  orders  to  manage,  the  complexity  can  be  astounding  and  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  software  has  proliferated  to  handle  it.  but  theres  still  room  for  iot  and  blockchain  to  get  even  more  granular  with  realtime  supply  chains.  in  general,  there  is  poor  awareness  about  where  items  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  real  time  throughout  the  supply  chain.  the  fleet  telematics  field  saw  ,  with  verizon  acquiring  both  and  .  iot  and  software  for  shipments  will  only  grow  moreimportant  as  supply  chains  decentralize  and  get  automated.  farther  out,  the  advent  of  autonomous  trucks  could  mean  that  autonomous  systems  will  deliver,  depalletize,  and  charge  upon  receipt  of  a  bill  of  lading.  this  will  bring  greener,  more  efficient  movement,  as  well  as  more  simplified  accounting.  uber  had  a  highly  anticipated  autonomous  trucking  project,  but  it  was  shuttered  in  july  2018  following  concerns  regarding  the  founders  relationship  with  waymo.  kodiak,  founded  by  an  exwaymo
__label__controloptimizationautonomy engineer  and  otto  cofounder,  raised  40m  in  august  2018  for  its  vision  of  autonomous  trucking.  the  company  has  since  grown  to  more  two  dozen  employees.  peloton  technology,  founded  in  2011,  is  working  on  a  platooning  model  of  autonomous  trucking.  instead  of  individual  trucks,  peloton  is  building  a  system  that  allows  vehicles  to  communicate  with  one  another,  braking  and  accelerating  in  concert.  daimler  has  moved  away  from  platooning,  however,  as  practical  issues  with  the  technology  like  ensuring  multiple  trucks  want  to  travel  to  the  same  place  in  the  first  place  have  emerged.  also  in  2018,  below  raised  nearly  20m  from  y
__label__controloptimizationautonomy combinator,  sam  altman,  and  data  collective,  among  others,  specifically  for  longhaul  trucking.  daimler  first  announced  it  was  working  on  an  autonomous  big  rig  in  2015.  in  january  2019,  daimler  revealed  its  semiautonomous  big  rig  codenamed  cascadia.  daimler  plans  to  make  it  available  for  sale  by  the  end  of  the  year.  asmentioned  above,  a  number  of  are  trying  to  putsupply  chain  managementsoftware  into  a  distributed  ledger.  the  willingness  to  explore  these  technologies  indicates  digitization  here  is  long  overdue.  the  highly  fragmented  nature  of  supply  chains  is  a  fitting  use  case  for  decentralized  technologies  and  could  be  part  of  a  larger  trend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  eliminating  the  inefficiencies  of  global  commerce.  shipping  giant  maersk,  for  example,  is  working  on  a  joint  venture  with  ibm  is  aiming  to  use  a  blockchain  network  to  help  shippers,  ports,  customs  offices,  and  banks  in  global  supply  chains  track  freight.  maersks  goal  is  to  replace  related  paperwork  with  tamperresistant  digital  records  ,  though  the  partnership  has  run  into  problems  .  peter  wolf,  general  manager  of  cma  cgm,  told  shipping  watch  that  only  a  joint  industry  standard  could  succeed  and  that  a  maerskibm  program  would  only  ever  work  for  maersk.  meanwhile  pemex,  the  mexican  stateowned  petroleum  company,  is  assisting  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy developing  oilspecific  supply  chain  management  software.  the  petroteq  project  an  enterprisegrade,  blockchainbased  platform  called  petrobloq  will  enable  oil  and  gas  companies  to  conduct  global  transactions.  in  august  2018,  petroteq  began  working  with  a  blockchain  engineering  firm  called  metzohanian  to  develop  applications  for  petrobloq.  in  the  future,  manufacturers  will  explore  decentralized  technologies  to  make  their  organizations  more  autonomous  and  their  belongings  coming  or  going  more  digitized  in  realtime.  blockchain  not  only  has  the  promise  of  simplifying  scm,  but  also  could  make  payments  more  frictionless.  there  are  signs  that  supply  chain  hype  around  blockchain  may  be  past  its  zenith.  according  to  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gartner  manufacturer  survey,  only  9  of  supply  chain  leaders  have  invested  in  blockchain,  and  only  19  rank  it  as  an  important  technology  for  their  business,  owing  mainly  to  existing  blockchain  technologys  slow  progress  towards  its  promised  utility.  conclusion  manufacturing  is  becoming  increasingly  more  efficient,  customized,  modular,  and  automated.  but  factories  remain  in  flux.  manufacturers  are  known  to  be  slow  adopters  of  technology,  and  many  mayresist  making  new  investments.  but  as  digitizationbecomes  the  new  standard  in  industry,  competitive  pressure  will  escalate  the  inventive  to  evolve.  the  most  powerful  levers  manufacturers  can  pull  will  come  in  the  form  of  robotics,  ai,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy basic  iot  digitization.  richer  data  and  smart  robotics  will  maximize  a  factorys  output,  while  minimizing  cost  and  defects.  at  the  unmanned  factory  in  dongguan,employing  robotics  dropped  the  defect  rate  from  25  to  .  meanwhile,  as  cuttingedge  categories  like  blockchain  and  ar  are  being  piloted  in  industrial  settings,  manufacturing  could  eventually  be  taken  to  unprecedented  levels  of  frictionless  production  and  worker  augmentation.  in  the  words  of  henry  ford:  if  you  always  do  what  you  always  did,  youll  always  get  what  you  always  got.  to  reach  its  full  potential,  the  manufacturing  industry  will  need  to  continue  to  embrace  new  technology.  see  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy one  major  and  somewhat  unexpected  theme  at  this  week  is  autonomous  robots.  after  ai  startup  bonsai,  which  specialized  in  reinforcement  learning  for  autonomous  systems,  the  company  today  announced  the  limited  preview  of  a  new  azurebased  that  is  partially  built  on  this  acquisition  and  that  will  help  developers  train  the  models  necessary  to  power  these  autonomous  physical  systems.  machines  have  been  progressing  on  a  path  from  being  completely  manual  to  having  a  fixed  automated  function  to  becoming  intelligent  where  they  can  actually  deal  with  realworld  situations  themselves,  said  gurdeep  pall,  microsoft  vice  president  for  business  ai.  we  want  to  help  accelerate
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  journey,  without  requiring  our  customers  to  have  an  army  of  ai  experts.  this  new  platform  combines  microsofts  tools  for  machine  teaching  and  machine  learning  with  simulation  tools  like  microsofts  own  airsim  or  thirdparty  simulators  for  training  the  models  in  a  realistic  but  safe  environment,  and  a  number  of  the  companys  iot  services  and  its  opensource  .  in  preparing  for  todays  launch,  microsoft  worked  with  customers  like  to  develop  an  intelligent  and  autonomous  forklift,  for  example,  as  well  as  sarcos,  which  builds  for  remote  visual  inspections  that  are  either  unreachable  or  too  dangerous  for  humans.  typically,  sarcos  robot  is  remotely
__label__controloptimizationautonomy controlled  by  an  operator.  after  working  with  microsoft,  the  company  built  a  system  that  allows  the  robot  to  autonomously  traverse  obstacles,  climb  stairs  and  climb  up  metallic  walls.  whats  important  here,  though,  is  that  there  is  still  a  human  operator  in  the  loop,  but  because  the  robot  can  sense  its  surroundings  and  move  autonomously,  operators  can  focus  on  what  they  are  seeing  instead  of  having  to  deal  with  the  mechanics  of  steering  the  robot.  we  are  looking  to  offload  the  tasks  that  can  be  automated  how  does  the  robot  climb  a  stair?  how  does  it  move  around  an  obstacle?  so
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  operator  can  focus  on  the  more  important  parts  of  the  job,  said  kristi  martindale,  the  executive  vice  president  and  chief  marketing  officer  for  sarcos.  the  human  is  still  there  to  say,  no  you  actually  want  to  go  to  that  obstacle  over  there  because  maybe  that  obstacle  is  a  person  who  is  hurt.  ceo  mark  hammond  echoed  this:  in  any  sort  of  operation  where  you  have  a  mechanical  system  that  interacts  with  the  physical  world,  you  can  probably  make  it  smarter  and  more  autonomous.  but  keeping  people  in  the  loop  is  still  very  desirable,  and  the  goal  is  really  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy increase  the  capabilities  of  what  those  humans  can  do.  although  robots  are  a  flashy  use  case,  microsoft  is  also  looking  at  more  pedestrian  use  cases  like  cooling  and  heating  systems  that  autonomously  react  to  temperature  changes.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy barcelonaqualcomm  is  a  major  force  in  not  just  the  modems  and  other  components  that  power  smartphones  but  also  in  the  processes  that  gives  us  standards  like  wifi,  lte  and  5g  nr.  given  that  pedigree,  coupled  with  the  massive  opportunities  associated  with  supporting  the  expansion  of  the  internet  of  things,  its  only  natural  the  san  diegobased  company  is  leveraging  its  mobility  expertise  to  drive  digital  transformation  in  highvalue  verticals.  this  week  during  mobile  world  congress  barcelona,  qualcomm  made  a  number  of  announcements  that  speak  to  its  increasingly  diversified  products  and  market  reach,  including  a  research  partnership  with  german  industrial  giant  bosch,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  new  platform  for  industrial  robotics,  and  new  wifi  and  cellularbased  products  for  invehicle  connectivity.  one  of  the  key  use  cases  associated  with  the  5g  new  radio  standard  is  ultra  reliable  low  latency  communications,  which  is  being  fleshed  out  for  codification  with  release  16.  urllc  takes  advantage  of  the  high  speeds,  low  latency  and  reliability  of  5g  to  do  things  like  wirelessly  provide  precision  control  of  industrial  equipment,  a  linch  pin  of  the  industry  4.0  movement.  qualcomm  and  bosch  have  already  worked  together  to  study  the  characteristics  of  radio  propagation  in  industrial  environments  and  now  are  planning  an  overtheair  test
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  how  5g  nr  can  support  industrial  iot  applications  within  one  of  boschs  manufacturing  facilities.  the  two  companies  are  also  members  of  the  5g  alliance  for  connected  industries  and  automation.  andreas  mueller,  head  of  communication  and  network  technology,  bosch  corporate  research,  described  industry  4.0  and  5g  as  a  perfect  combination  to  drive  the  ot/it  convergence  for  industrial  iot  and  will  essentially  act  as  the  central  nervous  system  of  the  factory  of  the  future.  specific  to  the  advanced  robotics  that  will  ultimately  enable  lightsout  factories,  the  companys  new  qualcomm  robotics  rb3  platform  comprises  hardware,  software  and  other  tools  to  help  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy developers  push  the  boundaries  of  connected  systems.  the  integrated  soc,  which  will  evolve  to  support  5g  nr  later  in  2019,  supports  lte  and,  for  the  u.s.  market,  cbrsthe  shared  spectrum  set  to  support  private  networks.  rolling  into  the  automotive  space,  qualcomm  is  a  pioneer  in  cv2x,  which  will  allow  vehicles  to  connect  to  one  another,  pedestrians,  the  cloud,  smart  infrastructureeverything.  as  automakers  rally  behind  cv2x,  qualcomm  expects  to  sample  the  snapdragon  automotive  4g  and  5g  platforms  later  in  2019  with  oems  planning  for  production  in  the  2021  timeframe.  the  platforms  feature  the  rf  frontend  technologies  needed  to  enable  vehicular  connectivity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy at  a  global  scale.  as  to  wifi,  qualcomm  unveiled  a  new  chip  that  supports  wifi  6,  the  brand  name  given  to  the  ieees  802.11ac  iteration  of  wifi.  expect  the  qca6696  to  create  a  gigabit  vehicular  hot  spot,  which  can  power  multiscreen  video  streaming  in  uhd,  back  up  cameras  and  other  bandwidthdependent  functions.  qualcomms  nakul  duggal,  svp  of  product  management  described  wifi  6  as  an  integral  part  of  the  connectivity  evolution,  as  it  enables  seamless  connections,  across  multiple  devices,  and  in  congest  environments.  related  related  managing  editor  skinneyrcrwireless.com  sean  focuses  on  multiple  subject  areas  including  das,  small  cells,  cloud  computing,  5g
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  internet  of  things  vertical  applications.  he  also  hosts  rcrtvs  hetnet  happenings  web  show  focused  on  physical  infrastructure.  prior  to  his  work  at  rcr,  sean  studied  journalism  and  literature  at  the  university  of  mississippi  then  spent  six  years  based  in  key  west,  florida,  working  as  a  reporter  for  the  miami  herald  media  company.  he  currently  lives  in  fayetteville,  arkansas.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sponsored  by  adlink  the  role  artificial  intelligence  will  play  in  robotics  will  largely  be  determined  by  use  cases  and  the  resolution  of  privacy  and  computational  issues.  robots  have  the  potential  to  change  the  way  companies  do  business  by  automating  many  tasks.  when  combined  with  artificial  intelligence  ai  technology,  robots  can  become  autonomous.  but  the  combination  of  these  technologies  raises  many  issues.  will  aiaided  robots  eliminate  jobs  or  assist  workers,  making  them  more  productive?  as  ai  gives  robots  capabilities  such  as  machine  vision,  there  also  are  privacy  issues.  and  then  there  is  the  challenge  of  how  to  work  with  the  large
__label__controloptimizationautonomy volumes  of  data  that  might  be  used.  where  do  you  process  that  data?  in  the  cloud?  at  the  edge?  to  get  a  better  understanding  of  these  issues,  use  cases,  and  the  role  of  edge,  we  sat  down  with  joe  speed,  cto  iot  solutions  and  technology  at  adlink,  a  provider  of  leadingedge  computing  solutions  that  support  the  transition  to  connected  industrial  iot  systems  across  industries.  also  taking  part  in  our  discussion  was  nick  fragale,  founder  of  rover  robotics,  which  develops  rugged,  industrialgrade  robots  using  ros,  the  robot  operating  system.  it  seems  companies  are  reluctant  to  use  ai  due  to  different  fears.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy what  types  of  concerns  do  you  hear  from  potential  users  when  it  comes  to  their  adoption  of  ai?  most  of  the  concerns  i  hear  around  ai  have  to  do  with  some  of  the  privacy  aspects.  you  hear  people  raise  concerns  when  you  talk  about  facial  recognition,  and  some  of  the  other  aspects,  like  ai,  applied  to  topics  like  mass  surveillance.  people  get  a  bit  nervous.  i  do  not  necessarily  see  that  much  fear  or  concerns  about  ai  in  the  kinds  of  spaces  where  we  tend  to  focus.  most  of  our  technology  is  usually  in,  on,  or  near  somethinglike  equipment,  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy process,  the  work  cell,  the  facility.  thats  usually  where  our  ai  is  being  used.  in  these  cases,  the  application  of  ai  is  taking  an  existing  process  and  ensuring  that  it  operates  reliably.  it  helps  with  machine  health  and  other  things.  it  lets  companies  take  a  work  cell  and  make  it  work  more  efficiently.  and  companies  can  take  an  existing  legacy  system,  existing  machinery,  or  an  existing  process  and  instrument  and  make  it  safer.  in  a  lot  of  these  applications,  were  not  really  encountering  the  privacy  concerns  related  to  facial  recognition  and  mass  surveillance.  the  systems  are  used  within  your  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy versus  systems  that  would  surveille  people  in  public.  in  a  company  setting,  the  use  of  ai  focuses  on  making  a  process  or  operation  better,  helping  workers  do  their  jobs  better.  what  we  see  for  some  of  these  things  is  that  ai,  specifically  machine  learning  applied  to  computer  vision,  is  very  hot.  another  very  popular  use  is  around  sensor  fusion.  in  such  use  cases,  the  issue  is  how  do  i  combine  vision  with  other  kinds  of  sensor  data  or  telemetry  from  existing  legacy  equipment  and  then  put  those  together  to  have  a  better  understanding  of  what  is  going  on.  id  say
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  our  perspective,  our  customers  have  come  from  the  research  and  academic  space,  and  so  they  are  very  open  to  using  ai.  the  average  age  of  our  customer  is  probably  somewhere  around  30.  now  that  were  going  to  be  moving  into  the  logistics  market  with  our  new  product,  the  rover  amr  100,  thatll  change.  but  so  far,  we  havent  seen  any  resistance  to  implementing  ai.  thats  a  great  segue.  obviously,  one  area  of  interest  with  ai  is  robotics.  how  is  ai  being  used  in  robotics?  one  of  the  biggest  areas  is  perception.  just  think  cameras,  though  its  a  bit  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy than  that.  you  have  many  different  technologies  that  can  be  used  to  give  the  robot  perception.  the  obvious  one  is  cameras,  but  even  within  cameras,  is  it  a  single  camera,  is  it  a  stereo  camera,  is  it  a  3d  depthsensing  camera,  is  it  visible  spectrum  or  infrared?  then  you  also  have  some  other  technologies  that  give  perception,  which  you  might  almost  think  of  as  visual,  but  theyre  a  bit  different.  its  things  like  lidar.  light  detection  and  ranging  is  a  remote  sensing  method  that  uses  pulsed  laser  light  to  measure  distances.  with  lidar,  basically,  think  of  it  as  radar.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy way  i  explain  it  to  my  family  is  you  know  what  radar  is?  sure.  well,  same  thing  but  lasers  instead  of  radio  waves.  youve  got  the  laser  spinning  around.  it  bounces  off  things.  using  it  for  autonomous  vehicles,  you  dont  actually  see  a  car.  but  what  you  do  see  is  a  carshaped  cloud  of  dots,  and  it  also  gives  you  other  things  because  of  the  doppler  effect.  you  can  tell  if  that  point  cloud  is  in  motion.  is  it  moving  towards  me  or  away,  at  what  rate?  then  you  also  have  ultrasound  and  radar  and  some  other  things  that  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy might  not  necessarily  think  about  today.  when  you  start  getting  autonomous  operations,  these  ranging  technologies  will  play  a  role.  like  in  the  case  of  rover,  youve  got  a  40pound  robot,  and  its  operating  autonomously.  but  if  you  take  that  from  being  a  40pound  robot  to  being  400  pounds,  4,000  pounds,  now  youre  in  the  class  of  equipment  that  starts  to  become  dangerous.  how  do  you  do  things  like  safely  operate  heavy  machinery,  and  how  do  you  do  that  in  a  more  autonomous  or  automated  fashion  without  injuring  people  or  causing  property  damage?  some  of  these  other  technologies  can  be  used.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  example,  you  might  use  ultrasound  for  the  very  close  kinds  of  things  where  you  might  not  necessarily  have  camera  coverage.  in  robotics,  there  are  two  places  that  i  see  ai  applying,  and  then  they  ai  and  robotics  end  up  blending  together,  which  is  when  you  have  an  autonomous  operation,  especially  mobile  robots,  and  things  that  move.  lidar,  radar,  and  ultrasound  can  aid  navigation.  they  can  be  used  to  answer  questions  like:  how  does  a  robotic  or  autonomous  system  know  where  it  is,  how  does  it  know  where  its  going,  how  does  it  do  that  without  running  into  things  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy people?  then  you  also  have  robots  that  actually  interact  with  their  environment.  the  classic  example  of  this  would  be  when  you  think  about  an  industrial  robot,  such  as  an  arm.  how  does  the  arm  perceive  whats  around  it?  an  example  of  this  is  robotics  parts  picking,  where  an  arm  picks  parts  out  of  a  bin  and  then  puts  them  it  into  a  thing  that  youre  assembling  or  into  another  bin.  this  is  a  very  popular  application.  then  you  can  obviously  combine  ai  and  robotics.  you  also  can  have  mobile  robots  with  actuators  with  grippers  which  are  able  to  interact  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  environment.  thats  really  the  whole  field  of  ai  machine  learning.  thats  where  we  see  this  being  applied.  our  perspective  at  rover  robotics  is  pretty  similar  to  joes  perspective.  but  id  say,  by  and  large,  the  numberone  thing  we  see  people  using  ai  for  is  cameras,  analyzing  camera  data,  and  specifically  doing  inspections.  any  company  thats  wanting  to  continue  monitoring  for  something  can  use  this  technology.  the  application  could  be  an  oil  company  wanting  to  monitor  if  their  pipes  are  getting  rust  on  them.  they  can  do  that  now  24/7  with  a  mobile  robot.  or  you  might  have  a  warehouse
__label__controloptimizationautonomy facility  where  you  need  to  inspect  rfid  tags  to  take  inventory.  anything  that  you  want  to  inspect  for  in  your  facility,  you  can  now  do  with  a  robot  and  a  camera.  are  there  particular  industries,  such  as  manufacturing,  logistics,  elder  care,  or  customer  service,  where  were  already  seeing  ai  and  robotics  used?  yes.  id  say  the  biggest  industries  are  logistics,  manufacturing,  and  construction.  those  are  ones  where  robots  are  already  using  ai  to  do  things.  in  the  case  of  construction,  theres  a  lot  of  companies  trying  to  reclaim  the  money  thats  lost  every  year  from  inefficiencies.  for  instance,  making  sure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  you  install  all  the  correct  piping  and  sprinklers  and  all  the  safety  equipment  before  you  lay  the  concrete  is  very  important  for  any  construction  project.  but  with  a  lot  of  subcontractors  involved,  there  can  often  be  a  problem.  if  you  have  a  robot  go  around  your  construction  site  and  look  for  things  like  that,  things  that  are  critical  in  the  overall  construction  project,  then  you  can  recover  a  lot  of  that  cost  thats  typically  lost.  yes,  definitely,  inspection  is  a  big  one.  we  do  a  ton  of  business  around  inspection,  specifically  visual  inspection.  out  in  the  field,  there  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 400,000  cameras  connected  to  our  vision  systems  doing  this  and  other  kinds  of  use  cases.  where  it  gets  really  interesting  for  me  though  is  instead  of  fixed  cameras  on  an  assembly  line,  on  a  workbench,  or  on  a  conveyor  inspecting  things  as  they  go  by,  is  to  take  the  two  themes  of  the  aibased  visual  inspection  and  the  autonomous  robotics  and  combine  those.  think  about  the  robot.  instead  of  physical  goods  being  brought  to  the  camera,  the  camera  goes  to  the  thing  that  needs  inspection.  you  have  the  construction  example  with  mobile  robots  performing  inspections  by  roaming  the  site.  theres
__label__controloptimizationautonomy supposed  to  be  an  air  duct.  is  it  in  place?  are  we  ahead  of  schedule  or  behind  schedule?  another  example  is  a  retailer  using  ai  and  a  robot  to  look  at  whats  in  stock.  the  retailer  could  then  compare  what  a  robot  physically  observes  to  what  the  store  management  and  warehouse  logistics  systems  say  is  in  stock.  thats  an  area  that  im  super  excited  about,  and  were  all  in  with  open  robotics.  these  days,  robotics  is  pretty  much  spelled  ros,  which  is  a  robot  operating  system.  its  neither  a  robot  nor  an  operating  system.  its  an  opensource  framework  for  developing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robotics.  were  working  with  and  contributing  to  that.  then,  you  put  this  together  with  ai  vision,  again,  a  field  with  a  lot  of  emphasis  around  the  open  source.  as  these  things  are  combined,  it  is  going  to  be  a  really  interesting  time.  lets  drill  down  into  what  roboticassisted  functions  are  being  performed  across  all  application  areas.  what  do  you  see  in  the  marketplace?  with  the  ai  vision  and  robotics,  a  lot  of  folks  think,  is  this  going  to  replace  a  worker?  however,  there  are  many  use  cases  where  the  technology  helps  workers,  rather  than  replacing  them.  there  is  a  whole
__label__controloptimizationautonomy field  of  collaborative  robots,  which  are  robots  working  with  people  and  robots  working  together,  collaborating  on  a  task.  for  example,  look  at  the  things  that  rover  does.  suppose  you  have  a  human  thats  doing  a  function  and  they  have  to  roam.  say  they  need  to  move  around  a  farm  to  perform  a  task.  what  if  you  had  the  rover,  for  the  sake  of  argument,  work  as  an  autonomous  wheel  barrel  that  follows  the  worker  around  and  is  always  right  where  it  needs  to  be  with  whatever  the  worker  needs.  those  kinds  of  use  cases,  the  ones  of  robots  holding  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy piece  in  place  while  a  human  does  a  task,  ones  where  the  robots  assist  the  worker.  ive  got  a  real  passion  for  and  have  done  a  lot  of  work  around  assistive  technology  for  helping  the  elderly  and  disabled.  i  see  amazing  potential  for  these  things  sensing  and  interacting  with  the  people.  id  say  for  us,  you  can  categorize  our  customers  into  two  categories.  either  theyre  carrying  things  with  the  robot,  so  carrying  goods  across  the  warehouse  or  carrying  goods  across  the  farm,  or  theyre  putting  sensors  on  the  robot  and  collecting  data.  those  are  by  and  large  the  two  largest
__label__controloptimizationautonomy functions  that  we  see  our  robots  being  used  by  companies.  that  is  a  perfect  lead  into  my  last  question.  such  systems  can  collect  large  amounts  of  data  from  many  sensors  and  iot  devices.  with  all  that  data  being  generated,  and  the  need  for  fast  analysis,  is  this  the  perfect  storm  for  using  edge  computing  and  ai  together?  i  definitely  think  so.  our  friends  at  aws,  they  talk  about  why  do  edge?  they  talk  about  the  law  of  physics.  are  you  able  to  get  the  data  in  the  kinds  of  volumes  that  are  generated  to  the  cloud?  there  are  many  things
__label__controloptimizationautonomy depending  on  rf,  network  topology,  other  kinds  of  things.  theres  the  law  of  economics.  is  it  economically  feasible?  probably  not  when  youve  got  mobile  operators  that  do  things  like  charge  by  the  byte.  even  if  you  have  the  network  infrastructure,  the  bandwidth  to  get  all  the  data  to  the  cloud,  is  it  economical?  once  you  get  it  to  the  cloud,  depending  on  the  kinds  of  workloads,  is  it  economical  work  with  that  kind  of  data  volumes?  there  is  an  interesting  university  study  that  compared  and  contrasted,  for  example,  doing  things  like  video  processing  and  audio  processing  workloads  using  aws  technologies,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  them  in  the  cloud  and  using  them  with  the  edge.  they  looked  at  things  like  aws  iot  greengrass,  which  does  machine  learning  analysis  using  models  developed  in  the  cloud.  what  they  the  university  researchers  came  up  with  is  basically  the  economics  are  eight  times  better  doing  these  workloads  at  the  edge.  but  for  me,  even  more  important  than  the  economics  is  the  latency.  many  times,  you  move  these  things  to  the  edge  because  you  need  it  to  happen  right  then,  to  be  very  fast  in  the  moment.  if  i  bring  the  video  to  the  cloud  and  do  analytics  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy then  bring  a  decision  back,  it  may  be  too  late,  too  slow.  a  persons  been  injured,  a  piece  of  equipment  has  been  broken,  or  the  buildings  burned  down.  thats  one  example  of  using  edge.  then  also  you  get  into  these  issues  of  the  law  of  the  land.  we  do  believe  in  developing  the  models,  training  the  models  in  the  cloud.  developing  a  model  is  computationally  expensive  and  doing  it  on  a  small  piece  of  equipment  at  the  edge  if,  for  example,  that  took  a  day,  you  could  spin  up  that  same  model  in  the  cloud  and  have  it  done  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  hour.  but  when  analyzing  the  data  itself,  you  need  to  think  about  some  of  the  privacy  issues  you  were  talking  about  before.  how  do  you  securely  handle  data  with  personally  identifiable  information  or  do  facial  recognition?  in  the  factory,  you  know  who  the  worker  is.  however,  with  all  that  raw  data,  there  may  be  some  sensitivity  issues.  there  may  be  legal,  societal,  or  cultural  issues  around  taking  that  data  out  of  the  workplace  to  somewhere  else.  thats  where  you  get  into  these  issues  of  the  law  of  the  land.  working  at  the  edge,  it  neatly  satisfies  a  lot  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy these  kinds  of  needs.  the  explosion  in  data  that  needs  to  be  analyzed  quickly  is,  indeed,  the  perfect  storm  for  using  edge  computing.  we  see  a  lot  of  customers  that  are  excited  about  cloud  computing,  especially  with  robotics.  they  think  that,  if  i  can  stream  netflix  at  4k  or  i  can  stream  all  this  video  data  back  and  forth,  itll  be  easy  to  stream  image  data  to  the  cloud  and  then  do  processing  there,  where  you  have  a  lot  more  resources.  but  i  think  what  often  gets  overlooked  is  that  if  youre  a  robot  and  youre  roaming  around,  youre  now
__label__controloptimizationautonomy having  to  bounce  between  different  access  points.  we  see  a  lot  of  customers  who  are  excited  about  cloud  computing  run  into  that  roadblock,  and  its  something  that  they  get  hung  up  on  for  months,  and  then  they  switch  to  edge  computing.  even  in  a  warehouse,  if  youre  trying  to  integrate  your  robots  into  a  warehouse,  youll  be  bouncing  from  one  access  point  to  another,  and  youll  be  losing  connection  often.  then  youre  faced  with  telling  your  customer,  hey,  you  need  to  upgrade  to  better  routers  because  your  new  router  isnt  80211.ac  compliant.  then  they  ask,  what  the  heck  do  those
__label__controloptimizationautonomy numbers  mean?  then  you  say,  okay,  forget  it.  well  put  more  compute  on  the  robot  so  that  we  can  do  these  tasks.  that  problem  only  gets  worse  when  you  move  outside.  with  safetycritical  robots  roaming  around  outside,  as  joe  said,  you  cant  have  the  images  being  sent  to  the  cloud  and  then  back  to  the  robot  in  order  to  make  a  decision  of  whether  to  stop  or  not  before  crossing  the  street.  it  just  doesnt  work  for  safetycritical  applications.  the  latency  is  too  large  for  that.  the  cloud  is  very  important  in  all  of  this,  but  not  necessarily  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy way  that  a  lot  of  people  think.  if  i  can  do  the  analytics  and  machine  learning  at  the  edge,  i  do  not  need  to  send  large  amounts  of  data  to  the  cloud.  this  eliminates  latency  issues.  if  im  on  an  oil  rig  site  up  in  alaska,  i  see  a  bear,  instead  of  sending  video  of  the  bear,  what  you  do  is  you  send  informationthere  is  a  bear.  what  is  the  particular  event  or  inference  that  you  found?  we  see  a  lot  of  that.  just  think  in  terms  instead  of  streaming  data  to  the  cloud,  stream  information,  stream  the  output  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  analytics.  you  also  must  put  these  systems  together  to  be  reliable.  this  is  something  i  used  to  deal  with  when  working  on  a  connected  car  and  topics  of  cloudaugmented  analysis  and  automotive  safety.  you  need  to  think  of  it  as  something  that  is  usually  connected,  often  connected,  occasionally  connected.  how  do  you  put  these  systems  together  to  work  with  basically  an  assumption  that  youre  going  to  have  an  unreliable  network?  if  you  can  get  it  to  work  right  in  that  environment,  youll  basically  be  okay.  but  you  must  have  alwayspristine  connectivity  with  latencies  within  a  certain  sla,  or  youre
__label__controloptimizationautonomy going  to  run  into  problems  in  the  real  world.  salvatore  salamone  is  a  physicist  by  training  who  has  been  writing  about  science  and  information  technology  for  more  than  30  years.  during  that  time,  he  has  been  a  senior  or  executive  editor  at  many  industryleading  publications  including  high  technology,  network  world,  byte  magazine,  data  communications,  lan  times,  internetweek,  bioit  world,  and  lightwave,  the  journal  of  fiber  optics.  he  also  is  the  author  of  three  business  technology  books.  /183717432/imumiddle
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  new  generation  of  information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products  and  peoples  everyday  life.  sensors  and  wearable  technologies,  in  particular,  are  gaining  popularity,  with  people  surrounded  by  everything  smart,  from  smart  houses  to  smartphones,  from  smart  trains  to  smart  cities.  however  presentday  sensor  devices  are  mainly  batterypowered  and  due  to  limited  energy,  they  are  simple  with  limited  computational  capabilities  or  they  need  to  be  recharged  every  day  or  even  hours  and  thus  they  miss  the  expectations  for  a  truly  unobtrusive  user  experience.  the  proposed  projects  will  explore  theoretical  limitations  as  well  as  design  methods  for  this  new  kind  of  distributed  smart
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors  under  extreme  constraint  of  tiny  energy  buffers  batteries.  specifically,  the  project  aims  to  study  and  develop  the  basis  for  lowpower/autonomous  systems  for  distributed  smart  sensors  for  trains  and  railways  applications  in  collaboration  with  bombardier  that  i  can  go  in  a  zeropower  but  with  change  status  fast  when  important  events  are  detected  ii  have  long  lifetime  and  where  possible  be  selfsustaining,  iii  adopts  artificial  intelligence  connecting  buildings,  trains,  users,  wearable  devices  achieving  true  ambient  intelligence.the  project  will  address  the  challenges  of  intelligence  in  the  face  of  low  energy  and  long  lifetime.  one  of  the  main  expected  result  is  on  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy investigation  and  development  of  novel  zeropower  sensors  that  act  as  a  trigger  for  the  rest  of  the  system  when  an  important  event  is  detected  and  consume  zeropower  between  two  detections.  other  important  results  will  be  provided  by  the  combination  of  hardware  and  software  codesign  to  achieve  the  ambitious  goal  of  placing  the  smart  sensor  never  recharge  it.  this  goal  will  be  achieved  by  developing  novel  hardware,  sensors,  energy  harvesting  and  devising  lowpower  techniques  for  data  computation,  machine  learning,  communication.  finally,  the  novel  aspects  of  the  project  will  be  demonstrated  on  a  sensors  network  running  exemplar  critical  applications  from  wearable  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy buildings  domains  achieving  autonomous  selfsustainable  in  real  infield  applications.  the  hardware  and  software  load  of  the  thesis  will  be  balanced  according  with  the  skills  and  preferences  of  the  candidate  students  when  the  details  task  description  will  be  provided  before  the  student  project  will  start.  in  field,  measurements  of  the  system  will  be  performed  from  the  students  as  important  activity  in  order  to  evaluate  power  consumption,  reliability,  functionality,  classification  accuracy  and  energy  efficiency  and  to  further  optimize  the  system.  the  master  or  semester  project  will  be  developed  in  close  collaboration  with  bombardier,  the  oerlikon  zh  lab.  depending  on  the  applicants  profile
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bosch  vehicle  technology  ensures  that  freight  cars  around  the  world  move  smoothly  not  only  on  the  tracks,  but  also  on  the  internet.  monitoring  wagons  and  their  cargo  creates  transparency  and  results  in  more  efficient  logistics  processes.  share  this  on:  the  refrigerated  freight  car  21  85  24710017  has  covered  a  lot  of  ground:  in  just  three  months,  it  has  traveled  21,543  kilometers  over  the  length  and  breadth  of  europe.  it  was  exposed  to  an  outside  temperature  of  38  degrees  celsius  on  august  26,  and  of  minus  17  on  november  13.  on  november  16,  in  muttenz,  switzerland,  it  had  to  withstand  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy violent  jolt  during  shunting.  dealing  with  such  extremes  is  a  fact  of  freightcar  life.  but  what  is  new  is  that  the  car  and  its  freight  are  monitored  in  the  process,  thanks  to  an  alliance  between  bosch  engineering  and  the  swiss  rail  freight  company  sbb  cargo.  the  refrigerated  freight  car  21  85  24710017  is  one  of  roughly  150  smart  freight  cars  plying  europes  railroads  for  sbb  cargo.  the  plan  is  to  retrofit  as  many  as  1,500  additional  cars.  their  smartness  comes  from  tried  and  tested  technology  and  components  that  started  out  life  in  the  bosch  automotive  sector.  we  use  smart,  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors  to  gather  data  from  freight  cars  and  process  them  online,  says  bernhard  bihr,  the  president  of  bosch  engineering.  the  new  system  creates  transparency  along  the  logistics  chain  of  rail,  road,  and  sea  transport,  and  contributes  to  more  efficient  management  of  the  increased  volume  of  freight  transport.  metric  tons  of  freight  are  transported  in  germany  each  year  across  a  rail  network  covering  nearly  40,000  kilometers  known  as  amra  asset  monitoring  for  railway  applications,  the  monitoring  system  is  a  robust  piece  of  hardware  weighing  just  700  grams,  mass  produced  at  bosch  for  automotive  applications.  embedded  in  or  connected  to  this  hardware,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy there  are  numerous  sensors  which  measure  things  such  as  temperature  and  shocks.  an  integrated  data  transmitter  connects  the  system  with  a  cloud,  where  the  data  are  analyzed,  made  available  in  a  data  portal,  and  integrated  into  the  customers  business  processes.  the  system  was  developed  as  a  retrofit  solution  for  existing  freightcar  fleets,  but  can  also  be  installed  as  original  equipment  during  the  manufacture  of  freight  cars.  an  integrated  battery  with  a  service  life  of  up  to  six  years  means  it  does  not  need  an  external  power  supply.  frequently,  information  about  a  freight  cars  whereabouts  is  closely  connected  to  the  need
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  know  when  a  car  enters  a  station  area  or  deviates  from  a  scheduled  route.  geofencing  helps  here.  once  a  virtual  fence  has  been  staked  out  on  the  amra  online  portal,  the  freight  car  will  send  an  email  or  notify  the  portal  as  soon  as  it  reaches  the  perimeter.  an  arrival  alert  will  then  automatically  trigger  electronic  delivery  notes  and  optimize  logistics  processes.  a  gps  sensor  in  the  connectivity  unit  allows  the  location  of  each  car  to  be  determined  to  the  nearest  meter.  this  saves  costs,  improves  logistics  planning,  and  ensures  punctual  delivery.  the  amra  connectivity  unit  is  attached  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  exterior  of  the  freight  car.  additional  sensors  inside  the  car,  connected  by  cable  or  bluetooth,  transmit  information  about  interior  temperature  and  humidity.  this  helps  establish  certainty  as  to  whether  the  cold  chain  has  been  preserved  for  foodstuffs.  a  separate  wireless  sensor  can  detect  whether  and  when  the  freight  cars  door  is  opened  and  transmit  this  data  to  the  connectivity  unit.  this  makes  transport  of  the  freight  more  secure.  a  gps  sensor  helps  pinpoint  current  position,  which  allows  the  car  to  be  tracked  on  a  railroad  map.  amra  acts  as  a  kind  of  digital  odometer  for  freight  cars,  allowing  servicing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy dates  to  be  planned  in  advance  and  avoiding  the  risks  of  breakdown  due  to  excessive  mileage.  this  allows  the  cause  of  any  damage  to  the  car  or  freight  to  be  identified.  a  triaxial  acceleration  sensor  in  the  connectivity  unit  can  measure  the  force,  frequency,  and  precise  position  of  the  kind  of  shocks  that  can  occur  when  shunting  and  loading/unloading.  in  the  future,  the  plan  is  to  have  a  separate  wireless  sensor  that  monitors  the  cars  brakes  and  wheel  sets.  this  data  is  transmitted  to  the  connectivity  unit.  the  aim  is  to  be  able  to  predictively  diagnose  any  damage  and  avoid
__label__controloptimizationautonomy freightcar  breakdowns.  bosch  engineering  has  developed  a  technology  that  uses  smart,  connected  sensors  to  gather  data  from  freight  cars  and  process  it  online.  known  as  the  amra  system,  the  technology  makes  it  easier  monitor  the  condition  of  rail  freight,  and  makes  the  transport  process  more  secure.  share  this  on:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  railway  industry  is  rapidly  adopting  the  internet  of  things  across  its  operations  as  it  transforms  for  better  efficiency,  improved  safety  and  an  enhanced  passenger  experience.  this  transformation  is  critical  as  railways  compete  with  air  and  road  to  be  the  preferred  mode  of  transportation  for  21st  century  passenger  and  freight  transfer.  nokias  end  to  end  iot  for  railways  portfolio  combines  our  industry  leading  mission  critical  connectivity  networks  with  iot  based  digital  automation  solutions.  our  extensive  experience  of  working  with  railway  customers  globally  ensures  that  solutions  are  tailormade  for  existing  railways  environments.  our  platformbased  approach  to  iot  implementation  eliminates  operational  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy silos  ,  so  that  all  sensors,  devices,  subsystems  and  applications  connected  to  railway  assets  can  seamlessly  work  together  to  fulfil  multiple  use  cases.  this  integrated  approach,  driven  by  nokias  solution  experts,  simplifies  operational  technology  ot  management  with  single  pane  of  glass  operations  across  the  rail  network.  additionally,  this  enables  the  establishment  of  common  cybersecurity  policies  across  railway  systems,  devices  and  applications  a  critical  requirement  in  the  iot  era  with  its  plethora  of  connected  endpoints.  minimize  unplanned  downtime,  improve  safety  and  increase  rail  frequency  with  nokias  iot  based  trackside  and  rolling  stock  predictive  maintenance  solutions  remotely  manage  and  automate  e2e  railway
__label__controloptimizationautonomy station  operations  through  a  single  pane  of  glass  for  increased  efficiency  increase  passenger  safety  with  cutting  edge  nokia  scene  analytics  enhance  passenger  experience  with  real  time  smart  timetables,  and  passenger  entertainment  solutions  key  use  cases  include  :  continuously  monitoring  trains  and  trackside  infrastructure  quickly  highlights  any  patterns  and  allows  for  predictive  maintenance  and  improved  operational  efficiency.  smart  connected  sensors  allow  for  realtime  monitoring  of  everything  from  rail  deflection  to  actuators  and  even  door  mechanisms  and  can  be  used  to  forecast  deterioration  and  suggest  preventative  maintenance  measures.  this,  in  turn,  reduces  the  workforce  intensity  of  maintenance  and  decreases  delays  to  service.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy most  rail  networks  around  the  world  have  7080  of  their  stations  in  remote  areas  these  are  geographically  dispersed,  have  low  passenger  footfall  but  play  a  key  role  in  connecting  the  whole  country.  to  ensure  economic  viability,  these  stations  have  minimal  operations  personnel.  this  means  that  multiple  stations  need  to  be  remotely  managed  and  operated  from  a  common  hub.  nokias  smart  and  safe  remote  railway  station  solution  combines  sensors,  cameras,  subsystems  and  applications  with  analytics  and  crossapplication  automated  workflows  to  ensure:  extreme  efficiency  for  remote  station  operations  improved  safety  for  passengers  get  the  latest  news  from  nokia  delivered  straight  to  your
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  industrial  internet  of  things  has  had  a  major  impact  on  the  transportation  industry,  with  the  advent  of  autonomous  vehicles  and  improved  cargo  management.  one  area  that  has  seen  less  coverage  is  the  connected  railway.  the  fact  that  trains  operateat  such  high  speeds  through  tunnels  and  extreme  weather  conditions,  presents  real  challenges  when  it  comes  to  deploying  iot  systems.  but  advances  in  networking  have  made  smart  trains  a  possibility,  and  one  that  could  provide  significant  benefits  when  transporting  goods,  providing  comfort  for  passengers  and  increasing  operators  return  on  investments  roi.  in  fact,  legacy  infrastructure  is  gradually  being  replaced  by  train
__label__controloptimizationautonomy management  systems  tms,  where  trains  become  interconnected  communication  hubs,  transmitting  data  among  themselves  and  to  network  control  centers,  and  receiving  instructions  from  control  centers.  machinetomachine  m2  communication,  with  some  help  from  the  cloud,  enables  operators  to  utilize  equipment,  tracks  and  stations  more  efficiently,  while  dramatically  reducing  safety  risks,  ,  a  provider  of  embedded  boards  and  systems.  here  are  several  potential  use  cases  presented  by  eurotech  for  using  iot  to  create  a  connected  railway.  safety  is,  of  course,  a  primary  element  of  iot  applications  and  solutions  when  it  comes  to  train  management.  one  safety  use  case  is  an  onboard  train  location
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  detection  systems  that  enable  trains  to  be  aware  of  the  positions  of  other  trains.  this  reduces  the  risk  of  collisions  while  allowingtrains  to  operate  safely  in  close  proximity  to  one  another.  speed  monitoring  and  control  is  another  important  safety  application.  systems  have  been  developed  that  can  display  train  velocity  for  drivers  and  report  speeds  back  to  central  control  systems.  onboard  monitoring  systems  are  interconnected  with  outdoor  signaling  systems  that  can  regulate  train  speeds  or  even  remotely  command  trains  to  stop  based  on  track  conditions,  the  positions  of  switches,  the  presence  of  other  trains  on  the  track,  and  other  factors,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy according  to  eurotech.  umberto  malesci,  ceo  of  fluidmesh  networks,  that  there  are  three  major  systems  within  railroads  where  automation  and  the  internet  of  things  can  bring  significant  benefits:  signaling,  interlocking,  and  level  crossing  control.  signaling  systems  control  the  movement  of  a  train  by  remotely  adjusting  train  speed  and  braking.  more  traditional  signaling  systems  are  based  on  rfid  along  the  train  track,  but  wireless  train  to  ground  signaling  is  getting  more  and  more  common  both  in  railroad  and  metro  systems,  according  to  malesci.  he  saysmost  of  the  new  european  high  speed  railroads  are  equipped  with  etcs  level  2  which  is  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy signaling  standard  that  requires  constant  radio  communication  between  the  train  and  the  group.  interlocking  avoids  conflicting  movements  on  the  tracks  at  junctions  and  crossings  by  using  red  and  green  light  signals.  the  interlocking  system  works  in  conjunction  with  the  signaling  system  to  prevent  a  train  from  getting  a  signal  to  proceed  if  the  route  is  proven  to  be  unsafe.  the  internet  of  things  can  further  improve  the  systems  level  of  automation  and  its  integration  with  the  signaling  system.  level  crossings  control  is  the  third  system  that  impacts  safety  on  railroads.  according  to  the  european  railway  agency  era,  619  accidents  occurred
__label__controloptimizationautonomy at  level  crossings  in  2010,  causing  359  fatalities  in  the  european  union  that  year  2009  stats  show  831  level  crossingsrelated  accidents  caused  405  fatalities  that  year.  accidents  related  to  level  crossings  represent  30  of  all  railway  fatalities  in  the  eu.  iot  can  help  decrease  those  statistics  by  deploying  cameras  and  sensors  for  increased  safety.  umberto  malesci  gives  a  number  of  use  cases  beyondsafety  that  the  internet  of  things  is  creating  to  enhance  the  operational  efficiency  of  railways.  here  are  some  of  those  use  cases:  ,almost  30  billion  will  be  spent  in  the  next  15  years  on  the  iot  projects  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy get  6  issues  for  9  welcome  to  wired  uk.  this  site  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  and  deliver  personalised  advertising.  you  can  at  any  time  or  find  out  more  by  reading  our  .  a  quiet  revolution  is  taking  place  as  britains  victorianera  train  infrastructure  embraces  automation,  analytics  and  the  internet  of  things  to  increase  capacity  much  of  todays  railway  relies  on  a  system  that  was  built  by  its  victorian  founders,  and  reminders  are  everywhere  from  the  use  of  historic  station  buildings  that  are  over  a  century  old  to  paper  tickets.  yet,  quietly,  out  of  sight  of  most,  a  digital
__label__controloptimizationautonomy revolution  is  beginning  on  the  uks  railway.  connected  sensors,  the  internet  of  things  and  are  being  used  to  cut  costs,  improve  services  and  allow  innovations  from  reactive,  dynamic  timetables  to  driverless  trains.  digital  rail  is  the  use  of  smart,  connected  technologies  to  modernise  signalling,  control  centres  and  maintenance  for  trains  and  rail  infrastructure.  such  ideas  are  a  social  innovation  that  stands  to  benefit  everyone,  from  train  operators  to  passengers  to  governments  funding  public  transport.  rail  is  perfect  for  digital,  absolutely  perfect.  its  been  on  the  journey  for  quite  a  few  years,  though  people  dont  realise  thats  whats  enabling  these  changes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  happen,  says  alistair  dormer,  group  ceo  for  .  digital  screens  control  romes  driverless  transport  system  one  of  the  first  places  digital  rail  has  arrived  is  signalling.  rather  than  a  driver  looking  at  railside  signals  which  dormer  refers  to  as  lights  on  sticks  the  connected  train  can  pick  up  necessary  information  from  smart  infrastructure.  you  dont  need  lights  on  sticks  anymore  when  the  train  knows  where  it  is,  he  says.  that  allows  trains  to  know  about  delays  ahead,  automatically  adjust  speeds  for  fuel  efficiency,  and  travel  more  closely  together,  helping  to  boost  capacity  on  the  network.  even  if  you  still
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keep  drivers,  which  many  people  want  to  do,  you  can  have  driver  advisory  systems  that  suggest  timetables  optimised  for  efficiency  and  fuel  savings,  he  adds.  smart,  connected  trains  can  also  help  when  delays  or  other  perturbations  hit  a  network.  hitachis  traffic  management  software  is  being  installed  across  thameslink  services  and  will  pull  data  from  the  train,  the  planned  schedule  and  the  rest  of  the  network,  analysing  it  all  in  real  time  to  understand  how  to  readjust  timetables,  platforms  and  train  services  to  restore  normal  service.  such  readjustments  take  four  times  as  long  with  a  human  brain  running  the  show,  compared
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  the  traffic  management  system,  dormer  says.  we  modelled  a  system  where  a  train  had  broken  down,  he  explains.  using  the  human  brain,  it  took  something  like  four  and  a  half  hours  for  the  timetable  to  get  back  to  where  it  was  supposed  to  be  what  the  system  did,  using  mathematical  optimisation  that  recommended  400  changes  to  different  trains  hold  that  one,  move  that  train,  change  this  platform  solved  the  whole  situation  in  less  than  an  hour.  that  means  faster,  more  reliable  journeys  for  passengers  and  fewer  complaints  for  operators.  that  system  is  already  in  use  in  the  uk,  though
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  is  limited  to  offering  advice  to  human  controllers  on  how  to  fix  problems.  in  japan,  its  linked  up  to  digital  signalling  and  is  therefore  fully  automated  when  trouble  hits,  the  trains  fix  themselves.  indeed,  such  systems  work  best  the  more  automated  a  network  is,  making  them  ideal  for  metros  with  driverless  trains.  unmanned  driverless  freight  train  travelling  through  the  australian  outback  and  although  driverless  trains  arent  in  use  across  uk  railways,  the  innovative  technology  has  been  deployed  across  smaller,  more  contained  metro  networks,  including  on  the  dlr  and  london  underground.  but  one  project  proves  the  technology  can  be  used
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  longer  train  journeys:  weve  taken  that  to  the  next  level  in  australia  with  rio  tinto,  dormer  says.  were  driving  2.5kmlong  driverless  freight  trains  between  the  mine  and  the  port.  it  takes  43  hours  to  do  that  cycle  time  in  northwest  australia,  and  not  having  a  driver  introduces  phenomenal  efficiency.  thats  partially  because  human  drivers  would  need  to  be  switched  out,  meaning  theyd  need  to  travel  with  the  train  or  be  swapped  in  the  middle  of  the  desert,  but  the  smart  trains  also  boost  fuel  efficiency.  the  more  automated  a  system  is,  the  more  dynamic  a  timetable  can  be.  dormer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reveals  that  in  copenhagen,  denmark,  which  has  a  driverless  metro  system,  hitachi  was  able  to  build  a  reactive  timetable  that  shifted  more  trains  to  busy  locations  such  as  after  football  matches  or  concerts.  we  tapped  into  the  camera  data  in  the  stations  so  we  knew  how  many  people  were  waiting  for  a  train,  he  explains.  we  can  analyse  that  and  dynamically  flex  the  timetable  to  stick  more  trains  into  that  area  and  thin  out  the  service  in  other  places  where  theres  fewer  people  waiting.  children  look  out  of  the  window  on  one  of  copenhagens  driverless  metro  trains  digital  rail  isnt
__label__controloptimizationautonomy only  about  running  trains  more  efficiently  and  getting  them  back  on  track  when  problems  do  arise.  connected  sensors  and  the  iot  are  ideal  for  monitoring  and  maintenance,  helping  operators  cut  costs  and  keep  trains  running.  the  trains  are  pumping  about  15gb  of  data  a  day,  says  dormer.  that  can  be  anything  from  monitoring  the  track  and  overhead  wires  to  tracking  wear  and  tear  on  components,  and  even  watching  when  toilets  need  emptying.  for  example,  dormer  says  sensors  on  wheel  bearings  help  gather  information  to  schedule  maintenance  as  well  as  data  about  operating  conditions.  the  design  standard  for  a  bearing  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  operate  up  to  200  degrees  celsius,  and  because  of  sensors  we  know  it  never  goes  above  60  degrees,  he  says.  why  are  we  building  in  this  additional  engineering  when  we  can  make  it  lighter,  cheaper  and  smaller  by  changing  the  regulation  and  the  standard  with  this  digital  evidence?  another  example  of  the  usefulness  of  the  iot  is  maintenance  of  rail  infrastructure.  in  the  uk,  a  special  maintenance  train  known  as  the  flying  banana  train  because  of  its  yellow  colour  is  periodically  run  down  tracks  to  inspect  them  with  cameras.  those  cameras  and  sensors,  dormer  says,  could  easily  be  installed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  passenger  trains;  indeed,  they  are  on  many  already.  that  would  avoid  or  at  least  reduce  the  need  to  send  a  specialised  inspection  train  down  rails  in  off  hours,  interrupting  key  track  maintenance.  bringing  digital  technologies  to  trains  is  a  social  innovation  that  can  improve  the  lives  of  passengers  and  the  budgets  of  operators,  but  it  needs  to  be  at  the  core  of  how  rail  infrastructure  runs,  dormer  adds,  with  everything  connected  and  data  analysed  intelligently.  if  you  connect  all  the  pieces  of  the  railway,  you  can  use  analytics  to  find  out  how  to  dramatically  improve  it.  weve  never  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy able  to  take  on  such  a  complex  picture  before.  and  thats  an  innovation  that  helps  everyone.  for  more,  listen  to  wireds  special  social  innovation  podcast  at  the  top  of  this  article.  modern  life  is  saturated  with  data  and  technologies  are  emerging  nearly  every  day  but  how  can  we  use  these  innovations  to  make  a  real  difference  to  the  world?  hitachi  believes  that  social  innovation  should  underpin  everything  it  does,  so  it  can  find  ways  to  tackle  the  biggest  issues  we  face  today.  visit  to  learn  how  social  innovation  is  helping  hitachi  drive  change  across  the  globe.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  them  to  give  you  the  best  experience.  if  you  continue  using  our  website,  well  assume  that  you  are  happy  to  receive  all  cookies  on  this  website.  indra  has  started  the  development  and  testing  of  new  solutions  based  on  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  improve  the  safety,  efficiency,  interoperability  and  service  of  the  rail  transport  industry.  the  move  is  part  of  indras  involvement  in  the  european  rd  scott  and  rdi  enact  projects.  under  the  scott  project,  indra  will  use  secure,  reliable  and  interoperable  wireless  communication  technologies  to  enable  different  rail  infrastructure  elements  and  devices  and  those  on  board
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  trains  to  communicate  with  each  other,  with  control  centres  and/or  cloud  platforms.  the  project,  which  is  jointly  funded  by  spains  ministry  of  energy,  tourism  and  digital  agenda  and  the  european  commission,  promotes  the  development  and  use  of  lowconsumption  and  energyefficient  devices.  indra  will  use  its  iot  secure  processing  hardware  platform  for  rail  transport,  invitalrail,  which  is  designed  to  integrate  all  kinds  of  onboard  devices  and  the  existing  infrastructure  solutions.  the  project  ultimately  aims  to  develop  vehicletoeverything  v2x  wireless  communications,  a  secure  smart  platform  that  integrates  data  provided  by,  among  others,  various  monitoring  and  control  elements.  the  new  solutions  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy specifically  be  designed  to  enhance  security  in  critical  areas,  as  well  as  monitoring  and  maintenance  of  rolling  stock  and  infrastructure,  using  distributed  wireless  communications  and  semienergyautonomous  networks,  with  devices  exclusively  powered  by  energy  collectors.  as  part  of  the  enact  project,  indra  is  also  working  on  the  use  of  its  devops  software  to  deploy  the  iot  devices  and  associated  services  at  reduced  cost,  time  and  error.  indra  is  leading  the  definition  of  requirements  and  employment  cases  under  the  enact  project  to  link  them  to  the  relevant  business  model.  the  company  will  further  use  devops  for  a  new  service  that  uses  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  monitor,  control  and  manage  the  configuration  and  integrity  of  gulbene  train  in  latvia.  article  after  3rd  para  ads  end  here  lead  capture  form  starts  .underpostleadcapture  hover  over  the  logos  to  learn  more  about  the  companies  who  made  this  project  possible.  promec  is  an  engineering  and  manufacturing  company  operating  in  the...  promec  is  an  engineering  and  manufacturing  company  operating  in  the  railway  bogies  market.  our  engineering  staff  designs  and  develops  advanced  bogie  testing  machines,  trustworthy  fixtures,  and  every  critical  workshop  tool  or  equipment.  follow  the  company  to  be  always  up  to  date  with  this  company  the  mprx  multiprotocol  reader  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  reader  that  can  be  used  in  railway  applications  with  adverse  conditions.  the  transcore  e1r  flex  can  withstand  a  variety  of  harsh  work  environments,  including  hot  and  dusty  conditions  or  cold  and  damp  weather.  the  multiple  comfort  grips  accommodate  right  or  lefthand  use.  follow  the  company  to  be  always  up  to  date  with  this  company  konarelectronics  and  informatics  designs,  produces  and  maintains  a  wide  variety...  konarelectronics  and  informatics  designs,  produces  and  maintains  a  wide  variety  of  power  electronic  equipment  for  electric  locomotives,  electric  and  dieselelectric  multiple  units,  trams,  passenger  cars  and  trackside  facilities.  follow  the  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy posted:  4  september  2019  the  rail  sector  is  rarely  perceived  to  be  at  the  forefront  of  cuttingedge  logistics  technology.  but  this  could  not  be  further  from  the  truth;  huge  strides  are  now  being  made  to  modernise  rail  by  enlisting  the  latest  technology  and  the  best  creative  minds.  alex  veitch,  head  of  multimodal  policy  at  the  freight  transport  association  fta,  the  organisation  representing  the  interests  of  the  logistics  sector,  unveils  some  of  the  innovative  projects  currently  being  developed  around  the  world.  the  teams  behind  these  projects  all  have  a  similar  ambition:  to  bring  rail  freight  operations  into  the  digital  era.  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy artificial  intelligence  ai,  automation,  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  big  data,  these  innovative  solutions  are  helping  to  reduce  logistics  costs,  drive  operational  efficiency,  unlock  new  railway  capacity  and  improve  safety.  when  looking  to  the  future  of  transport,  automation  is  a  popular  theme;  various  projects  to  develop  driverless  cars,  hgvs,  and  ships  are  underway.  this  year,  alstom  the  french  train  engineering  company  is  planning  to  test  automated  freight  trains  in  the  netherlands.  the  prototypes  of  these  trains  can  travel  100km  60  miles  without  driver  intervention,  freeing  the  train  driver  to  focus  on  supervising  the  trains  progress  instead.  the  leadership  teams
__label__controloptimizationautonomy behind  many  larger  european  terminals  are  already  contemplating  or  implementing  automation  technology,  according  to  hpc,  for  processes  such  as  container  stacking  and  container  transport.  but,  according  to  the  report,  automating  train  loading  and  unloading  procedures  is  viewed  to  be  more  complex  and  less  feasible  at  present.  in  western  australia,  the  mining  company  rio  tinto  recently  undertook  its  by  an  autonomous,  driverless  train.  this  achievement  forms  part  of  its  us  940  million  ,  an  ambition  to  automate  all  trains  running  to  its  port  facilities  in  western  australia.  while  advances  in  technology  have  now  made  automated  trains  a  reality,  in  some  countries,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy regulatory  requirements  may  prevent  these  types  of  trains  from  being  used.  for  example,  in  the  u.s.,  regulations  specify  that  only  a  human  can  move  a  locomotive.  many  rail  companies  across  the  globe  have  started  to  use  iot  and  big  data  to  analyse  and  make  relevant  consignment  level  information.  most  notably,  we  are  seeing  the  transition  from  network  legacy  systems  to  new  digital  technologies  in  australias  rail  network.  this  movement  includes  the  introduction  of  new  technology  systems  that  promote  early  detection  of  safety  threats  and  an  early  response.  for  example,  australias  allows  freight  customers  to  track  and  trace  the  location  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  cargo  using  iot,  powered  by  realtime  insights.  one  of  the  more  innovative  projects  in  this  space  is  the  digital  freight  train  initiative.  connected  devices  and  sensors  are  placed  on  wagons  to  create  a  digital  freight  train,  which  then  sends  numerous  pieces  of  useful  data  to  railway  freight  stakeholders.  for  example,  shippers  can  be  provided  with  regular  updates  on  consignment  conditions,  wagon  location  and  potential  hazards;  fleet  managers  can  be  provided  with  accurate  mileage  monitoring,  information  on  abnormal  shocks  and  axle  monitoring.  the  data  flows  are  tailored  to  meet  the  needs  of  everyone.  the  highestprofile  rail  network  currently  under  development
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  the  link  from  china  to  europe;  it  will  be  interesting  to  see  how  digital  technologies  will  support  its  growth.  while  container  traffic  is  continuing  to  grow  steadily,  challenges  lie  ahead:  for  example,  different  gauges  used  in  china,  russia  and  europe;  delays  due  to  changing  locomotives;  and  major  construction  works  in  poland.  nonetheless,  shippers  are  attracted  to  this  mode  as  it  is  quicker  and  costcompetitive  with  sea  freight;  digitisation  is  a  vital  component  of  this,  for  example,  containers  are  being  tagged  with  edevices  to  enable  shippers  to  track  progress  and  flag  up  any  attempted  tampering.  the  uk  rail  sectors  digital
__label__controloptimizationautonomy railway  programme  has  developed  several  activities  designed  to  improve  both  passenger  and  freight  train  performance.  these  include  improved  train  movement  control  through  the  connected  driver  advisory  system  cdas;  safer  separation  of  trains  delivered  by  the  etcs  european  train  control  system;  and  better  track  worker  safety  through  traffic  management  protection  and  signaller  controlled  warning  systems  scws.  these  projects  will  be  supported  by  the  development  of  a  new  cef  transport  blending  facility,  launched  by  the  european  commission  and  the  european  investment  bank  to  fund  projects  such  as  ertms.  within  its  freight  sector  programme,  the  international  union  of  railways  uic  has  several  initiatives
__label__controloptimizationautonomy designed  to  foster  innovation  and  uptake  of  digital  solutions.  this  includes  the  ,  whose  purpose  it  is  to  design,  develop  and  run  it  services  to  support  the  european  freight  railway  business  of  its  members.  current  projects  include  efforts  to  digitise  paperwork  through  its  orfeus  programme;  as  part  of  this,  it  developed  data  exchange  protocols  for  consignment  notes.  the  electronic  consignment  notes  will  be  made  compatible  with  the  cim/smgs  consignment  notes  and  will  be  extended  to  other  railway  undertakings  and  intermodal  operators.  while  the  rail  sector  has  not  historically  been  synonymous  with  innovation,  the  tide  is  turning;  rail  companies  of  all
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forms  are  now  looking  towards  digitalisation  to  drive  efficiency,  improve  safety  and  boost  customer  service.  fta  members  shift  more  than  90  per  cent  of  all  uk  rail  freight.  factors  such  as  a  low  environmental  impact,  growth  in  intermodal  movements  and  network  improvements  mean  that  rail  freight  is  set  to  play  a  bigger  role  in  the  future  movement  of  goods  in  the  uk  and  internationally.  its  against  this  backdrop  that  fta  lobbies  for  regulatory  reform  and  works  to  support  members  to  tackle  key  challenges  presented  by  radically  changing  demand  patterns,  network  capacity,  network  access  and  the  constant  pressure  to  drive  down
__label__controloptimizationautonomy costs.  efficient  logistics  are  vital  to  keep  britain  trading,  directly  having  an  impact  on  more  than  seven  million  people  employed  in  the  making,  selling  and  moving  of  goods.  with  brexit,  new  technology  and  other  disruptive  forces  driving  change  in  the  way  goods  move  across  borders  and  through  the  supply  chain,  logistics  has  never  been  more  important  to  uk  plc.  a  champion  and  challenger,  fta  speaks  to  government  with  one  voice  on  behalf  of  the  whole  sector,  with  members  from  the  road,  rail,  sea  and  air  industries,  as  well  as  the  buyers  of  freight  services  such  as  retailers  and  manufacturers.  alex
__label__controloptimizationautonomy veitch  has  both  an  environmental  and  a  logistics  background  and  has  held  project  management,  advocacy  and  management  roles  in  the  environmental  nonprofit,  government  agency  and  railway  sectors  during  his  career  in  the  uk  and  overseas.  ,  ,  ,  ,  by  4  september  2019  ,  ,  ,  ,  all  subscriptions  include  online  membership,  giving  you  access  to  the  journal  and  exclusive  content.  by  by  by  by  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  44  01959  563311  44  01959  563123  global  railway  review  is  published  by:  russell  publishing  ltd.  court  lodge  hogtrough  hill  brasted,  kent,  tn16  1nu
__label__controloptimizationautonomy united  kingdom  ,  20102019.  all  rights  reserved.  .  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  send  this  to  a  friend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bucharest  2  dr.  staicovici  street,  opera  center,  building  2,  floor  78,  050556,  romania  san  francisco  325  sharon  park  drsuite  810menlo  park,  ca  940256804  usa  sydney  3/55  pyrmont  bridge  rd,pyrmontnsw  2009australia  the  svitzer  hermod  photo  credits:  rolls  royce  plc  flickr  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a  valid  name.  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a  valid  email  address.  robot  boat  control  center  mine  of  the  future  the  first  fully  autonomous  haul  trucks  autohaul  project  the  autonomous  train  program  in  recent  trials  the  autonomous  trains  delivered  the  product  to  the  port  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy valid  name.  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a  valid  email  address.  time  ago  time  ago  time  ago  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a  valid  name.  please  fill  in  this  field.  please  provide  a  valid  email  address.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy your  search  did  not  match  any  results  the  internet  of  things  iot  describes  the  network  of  physical  objectsthingsthat  are  embedded  with  sensors,  software,  and  other  technologies  for  the  purpose  of  connecting  and  exchanging  data  with  other  devices  and  systems  over  the  internet.  these  devices  range  from  ordinary  household  objects  to  sophisticated  industrial  tools.  with  more  than  7  billion  connected  iot  devices  today,  experts  are  expecting  this  number  to  grow  to  10  billion  by  2020  and  22  billion  by  2025.  over  the  past  few  years,  iot  has  become  one  of  the  most  important  technologies  of  the  21st  century.  now  that  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  connect  everyday  objectskitchen  appliances,  cars,  thermostats,  baby  monitorsto  the  internet  via  embedded  devices,  seamless  communication  is  possible  between  people,  processes,  and  things.  by  means  of  lowcost  computing,  the  cloud,  big  data,  analytics,  and  mobile  technologies,  physical  things  can  share  and  collect  data  with  minimal  human  intervention.  in  this  hyperconnected  world,  digital  systems  can  record,  monitor,  and  adjust  each  interaction  between  connected  things.  the  physical  world  meets  the  digital  worldand  they  cooperate.  while  the  idea  of  iot  has  been  in  existence  for  a  long  time,  a  collection  of  recent  advances  in  a  number  of  different  technologies  has  made  it  practical.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industrial  iot  iiot  refers  to  the  application  of  iot  technology  in  industrial  settings,  especially  with  respect  to  instrumentation  and  control  of  sensors  and  devices  that  engage  cloud  technologies.  recently,  industries  have  used  machinetomachine  communication  m2m  to  achieve  wireless  automation  and  control.  but  with  the  emergence  of  cloud  and  allied  technologies  such  as  analytics  and  machine  learning,  industries  can  achieve  a  new  automation  layer  and  with  it  create  new  revenue  and  business  models.  iiot  is  sometimes  called  the  fourth  wave  of  the  industrial  revolution,  or  industry  4.0.  the  following  are  some  common  uses  for  iiot:  as  iot  becomes  more  widespread  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  marketplace,  companies  are  capitalizing  on  the  tremendous  business  value  it  can  offer.  these  benefits  include:  iot  applications  are  prebuilt  softwareasaservice  saas  applications  that  can  analyze  and  present  captured  iot  sensor  data  to  business  users  via  dashboards.  iot  applications  use  machine  learning  algorithms  to  analyze  massive  amounts  of  connected  sensor  data  in  the  cloud.  using  realtime  iot  dashboards  and  alerts,  you  gain  visibility  into  key  performance  indicators,  statistics  for  mean  time  between  failures,  and  other  information.  machine  learningbased  algorithms  can  identify  equipment  anomalies  and  send  alerts  to  users  and  even  trigger  automated  fixes  or  proactive  counter  measures.  with  cloudbased  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applications,  business  users  can  quickly  enhance  existing  processes  for  supply  chains,  customer  service,  human  resources,  and  financial  services.  theres  no  need  to  recreate  entire  business  processes.  the  ability  of  iot  to  provide  sensor  information  as  well  as  enable  devicetodevice  communication  is  driving  a  broad  set  of  applications.  the  following  are  some  of  the  most  popular  applications  and  what  they  do.  organizations  best  suited  for  iot  are  those  that  would  benefit  from  using  sensor  devices  in  their  business  processes.  manufacturers  can  gain  a  competitive  advantage  by  using  productionline  monitoring  to  enable  proactive  maintenance  on  equipment  when  sensors  detect  an  impending  failure.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sensors  can  actually  measure  when  production  output  is  compromised.  with  the  help  of  sensor  alerts,  manufacturers  can  quickly  check  equipment  for  accuracy  or  remove  it  from  production  until  it  is  repaired.  this  allows  companies  to  reduce  operating  costs,  get  better  uptime,  and  improve  asset  performance  management.  the  automotive  industry  stands  to  realize  significant  advantages  from  the  use  of  iot  applications.  in  addition  to  the  benefits  of  applying  iot  to  production  lines,  sensors  can  detect  impending  equipment  failure  in  vehicles  already  on  the  road  and  can  alert  the  driver  with  details  and  recommendations.  thanks  to  aggregated  information  gathered  by  iotbased  applications,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy automotive  manufacturers  and  suppliers  can  learn  more  about  how  to  keep  cars  running  and  car  owners  informed.  transportation  and  logistical  systems  benefit  from  a  variety  of  iot  applications.  fleets  of  cars,  trucks,  ships,  and  trains  that  carry  inventory  can  be  rerouted  based  on  weather  conditions,  vehicle  availability,  or  driver  availability,  thanks  to  iot  sensor  data.  the  inventory  itself  could  also  be  equipped  with  sensors  for  trackandtrace  and  temperaturecontrol  monitoring.  the  food  and  beverage,  flower,  and  pharmaceutical  industries  often  carry  temperaturesensitive  inventory  that  would  benefit  greatly  from  iot  monitoring  applications  that  send  alerts  when  temperatures  rise  or  fall  to  a  level
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  threatens  the  product.  iot  applications  allow  retail  companies  to  manage  inventory,  improve  customer  experience,  optimize  supply  chain,  and  reduce  operational  costs.  for  example,  smart  shelves  fitted  with  weight  sensors  can  collect  rfidbased  information  and  send  the  data  to  the  iot  platform  to  automatically  monitor  inventory  and  trigger  alerts  if  items  are  running  low.  beacons  can  push  targeted  offers  and  promotions  to  customers  to  provide  an  engaging  experience.  the  benefits  of  iot  in  the  public  sector  and  other  servicerelated  environments  are  similarly  wideranging.  for  example,  governmentowned  utilities  can  use  iotbased  applications  to  notify  their  users  of  mass  outages  and  even
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  smaller  interruptions  of  water,  power,  or  sewer  services.  iot  applications  can  collect  data  concerning  the  scope  of  an  outage  and  deploy  resources  to  help  utilities  recover  from  outages  with  greater  speed.  iot  asset  monitoring  provides  multiple  benefits  to  the  healthcare  industry.  doctors,  nurses,  and  orderlies  often  need  to  know  the  exact  location  of  patientassistance  assets  such  as  wheelchairs.  when  a  hospitals  wheelchairs  are  equipped  with  iot  sensors,  they  can  be  tracked  from  the  iot  assetmonitoring  application  so  that  anyone  looking  for  one  can  quickly  find  the  nearest  available  wheelchair.  many  hospital  assets  can  be  tracked  this  way  to  ensure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy proper  usage  as  well  as  financial  accounting  for  the  physical  assets  in  each  department.  in  addition  to  tracking  physical  assets,  iot  can  be  used  to  improve  worker  safety.  employees  in  hazardous  environments  such  as  mines,  oil  and  gas  fields,  and  chemical  and  power  plants,  for  example,  need  to  know  about  the  occurrence  of  a  hazardous  event  that  might  affect  them.  when  they  are  connected  to  iot  sensorbased  applications,  they  can  be  notified  of  accidents  or  rescued  from  them  as  swiftly  as  possible.  iot  applications  are  also  used  for  wearables  that  can  monitor  human  health  and  environmental  conditions.  not  only  do
__label__controloptimizationautonomy these  types  of  applications  help  people  better  understand  their  own  health,  they  also  permit  physicians  to  monitor  patients  remotely.  iot  is  reinventing  the  automobile  by  enabling  connected  cars.  with  iot,  car  owners  can  operate  their  cars  remotelyby,  for  example,  preheating  the  car  before  the  driver  gets  in  it  or  by  remotely  summoning  a  car  by  phone.  given  iots  ability  to  enable  devicetodevice  communication,  cars  will  even  be  able  to  book  their  own  service  appointments  when  warranted.  the  connected  car  allows  car  manufacturers  or  dealers  to  turn  the  car  ownership  model  on  its  head.  previously,  manufacturers  have  had  an  armslength  relationship
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  individual  buyers  or  none  at  all.  essentially,  the  manufacturers  relationship  with  the  car  ended  once  it  was  sent  to  the  dealer.  with  connected  cars,  automobile  makers  or  dealers  can  have  a  continuous  relationship  with  their  customers.  instead  of  selling  cars,  they  can  charge  drivers  usage  fees,  offering  a  transportationasaservice  using  autonomous  cars.  iot  allows  manufacturers  to  upgrade  their  cars  continuously  with  new  software,  a  seachange  difference  from  the  traditional  model  of  car  ownership  in  which  vehicles  immediately  depreciate  in  performance  and  value.  with  ,  you  can  extend  your  supply  chain,  erp,  hr,  and  customer  experience  cx  applications  to  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy mining  company  australia  railroad/locomotive/rolling  stock  systems  nowadays  commonly  use  automated  systems  aka  driverless  trains  for  dispatching,  signalling  and  train  control.  a  modern  locomotive  equipped  with  intelligent  information  systems  can  update  and  display  train  movements  on  the  rail  network.  the  communicationsbased  train  control  system  helps  prevent  train  accidents  by  automatically  controlling  train  speeds,  alarms  and  movements  in  specific  operational  scenarios.  the  latest  autonomous  driverless  train  systems  are  being  designed  to  adapt  to  complications  such  as  train  delays  and  modifications  to  the  schedule.  each  pdn  is  configured  independently  by  the  4glte  network.  for  example,  allocate  the  first  pdn  for  private  communication  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  and  the  second  for  critical  train  control  systems.  traditional  4g  networks  offer  besteffort  ip  connectivity  for  voice,  video,  and  other  realtime  critical  application  data.  railway  4g  networks  need  to  distinguish  different  kinds  of  traffic,  thereby  ensuring  the  performance  of  critical  applications,  guaranteeing  enough  bandwidth  for  their  correct  operation.  the  router  can  establish  dedicated  bearers,  based  on  qualityofservice  qos  requirements.  total  of  11  dedicates  bearers  can  be  supported  simultaneously  per  pdn.  gbr  resource  type  means  the  bandwidth  of  the  bearer  is  guaranteed.  for  instance,  critical  network  communication  and  voice  traffic  could  be  assigned  a  guaranteed  bit  rate.  having  a  nongbr
__label__controloptimizationautonomy resource  type  means  that  the  bearer  is  a  best  effort  type  bearer  and  its  bandwidth  is  not  guaranteed.  security  cctv  and  nonessential  communication  cloud  be  assigned  with  no  bandwidth  guarantee.  mobile  router  multipath  mrm  support  has  increasingly  become  important  because  railway  and  public  transportation  are  likely  to  adopt  multiple  wireless  technologies  to  support  their  missioncritical  applications.  support  for  multiple  paths,  and  thus  numerous  wireless  technologies,  between  the  railway  router  and  automatic  train  control  atc  system  and  allows  traffic  to  be  loadbalanced  over  all  available  interfaces.  when  there  are  multiple  paths,  the  traffic  from  the  mobile  networks  that  goes  toward  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy predictive  maintenance  makes  use  of  connected  sensors  from  which  the  iot  platform  can  determine  any  impeding  faults.  this  allows  maintenance  to  be  scheduled  proactively  rather  than  reactively.  the  sncf  have  equipped  each  their  latest  generation  of  paris  commuter  trains  with  2000  sensors  which  collect  around  70000  data  points  per  month.  the  data  from  the  sensors  can  be  remotely  monitored  and  through  data  analysis  maintenance  decisions  can  be  made.  the  efficiency  of  trains  can  be  optimised  by  monitoring  the  performance  of  individual  components  through  the  analysis  of  sensor  data  on  an  iot  platform.  journeyplanning  applications  that  give  passengers  realtime  updates  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 8882944558/  8586233094  8882944558/  8586233073  mobility  is  one  of  the  major  topics  and  a  driver  of  growth  and  improvement  in  modern  cities.  solutions  for  a  smart  city  need  to  combine  technology,  communication  and  traffic.  this  enables  people  to  get  from  their  homes  to  their  offices  easily  and  comfortable.  new  options  for  traveling  within  cities  are  essential,  as  the  capacity  of  the  infrastructure  of  public  transport  becomes  more  critical  worldwide.  but  also  travelling  between  cities  needs  to  change.  this  ensures  we  have  less  cartraffic  on  the  roads,  which  also  results  in  less  air  pollution.  smart  mobility  is  one  of  the  cornerstones  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  cities  in  general  and  especially  for  smart  traffic.  selfdriving  electric  cars  seem  to  be  a  preferred  solution  in  a  modern  society.  it  looks  like  car  manufacturers  are  keen  to  engage  with  this  technology.  but  another  question  is,  how  public  transport  fits  into  this?  for  uitp  the  international  association  of  public  transport  a  report  from  january  this  year  shows  opportunities  that  these  changes  in  urban  mobility  offer  for  public  transport  companies.  furthermore  one  could  think  about  how  the  rail  industry  can  benefit  from  the  rapid  and  disrupting  advances  in  the  driverless  car  technologies.  driverless  trains  are  already  in  use  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy numerous  cities  around  the  globe.  autonomous  trains  are  the  next  step,  as  valentin  scinteie,  transportation  business  development  manager  at  kontron  explains.  valentin  has  worked  in  transit  its  intelligent  transportation  systems,  rail  security  and  communications  and  in  vehicle  ect  embedded  computing  technologies  for  over  20  years  and  he  is  familiar  with  all  topics  concerning  modern  traffic  and  transportation  that  is  data  driven.  the  expert  identifies  two  emerging  hightech  areas.  firstly,  which  is  perhaps  the  more  traditional  definition,  onboard  gateways  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  are  used  to  collect  data.  this  information  is  then  securely  transferred  to  a  central  location,  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy where  the  data  can  be  analyzed  and  actioned.  analysis  can  e.g.  help  to  improve  operational  performance,  develop  further  predictive  maintenance,  sharpen  location  accuracy  and  to  offer  better  passenger  information.  kontrons  trace  product  line  has  been  designed  with  builtin  iot  connectivity  to  address  the  broadest  range  of  modern,  connected  rollingstock  applications.  the  en50155  certified  computer  profiles  can  easily  be  customized.  they  are  specifically  designed  to  meet  the  requirements  of  video  surveillance,  passenger  infotainment/  entertainment,  onboard  wifi,  train  to  ground  communications,  fleet  management  as  well  as  safety  critical  platforms.  but  kontron  is  already  planning  the  future  of  traffic,  based  on  its  high
__label__controloptimizationautonomy performance  embedded  computing  platforms  hpec,  that  has  been  driven  by  the  autonomous  vehicles  av  market  at  an  amazing  speed.  the  company  offers  very  powerful  onboard  computers,  that  dont  need  large  central  servers,  but  can  be  directly  linked  to  control  rooms.  this  will  allow  trains  to  use  the  same  platform  as  av  and  will  enable  them  to  make  decisions  themselves,  using  sensors,  3d  maps  and  realtime  data.  the  development  of  av  technology  in  rail  is  already  being  planned  on  lines  around  the  world.  these  trains  will  be  adapting  the  concepts  used  on  av  cars  as  well  as  potentially  the  emerging  sdn
__label__controloptimizationautonomy software  defined  networks  and  nvf  network  function  virtualization  telecom  technologies.  kontron  describes  this  as  software  defined  trains  sdt  and  train  function  virtualization  tfv  that  can  use  just  one  hpec  platform  with  builtin  redundancy  and  are  not  reliant  on  infrastructure  at  all.  when  combined  with  iot  enabled  gateways  and  fog/cloud  processing,  these  technologies  will  also  enable  new  business  models  such  as  taas  transportation  as  a  service.  due  to  kontron  experts,  the  advantages  of  this  kind  of  development  are  numerous:  security  is  a  major  topic  for  solutions  that  address  the  market  for  autonomous  trains.  kontron  has  a  key  focus  on  this  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy collaborates  closely  with  partners  on  developing  new  mechanisms  in  this  area.  kontron  security  solution  is  a  combined  hardware  and  software  solution  that  includes  an  embedded  hardware  security  module  on  all  kontron  products  and  a  software  framework  to  provide  full  protection  for  applications.  kontron  approtect  is  a  holistic  hardware  based  security  solution,  that  provides  customers  with  the  ability  to  address  security  needs  at  the  application  layer.  this  cost  effective  and  proven  turnkey  solution  is  integrated  into  every  kontron  design.  customers  can  easily  upgrade  old  systems  or  use  an  existing  kontron  system.  customers  may  also  customize  the  solution  to  meet  their  specific
__label__controloptimizationautonomy needs.  the  approtect  features  include:  copy  protection,  ip  protection  and  protection  from  reverse  engineering  and  tampering.  as  uitp  noted  in  their  review  of  the  effect  on  avs  on  transport  network,  the  growth  of  the  autonomous  train  offers  great  opportunities.  but  it  is  obvious  that  passengers  will  accept  this  advanced  technology  only  if  they  are  convinced  they  are  100  safe.  your  comment  was  submitted.  an  error  occured  on  subscribing:  cctrl.addcommentsubscribeerrormsg  comment.comment  kontron  is  a  global  leader  in  embedded  computing  technology  ect.  as  a  part  of  technology  group  st,  kontron  offers  a  combined  portfolio  of  secure  hardware,  middleware  and  services  for  internet
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  things  iot  and  industry  4.0  applications.  with  its  standard  products  and  tailormade  solutions  based  on  highly  reliable  stateoftheart  embedded  technologies,  kontron  provides  secure  and  innovative  applications  for  a  variety  of  industries.  as  a  result,  customers  benefit  from  accelerated  timetomarket,  reduced  total  cost  of  ownership,  product  longevity  and  the  best  fully  integrated  applications  overall.  8882944558/  8586233094  8882944558/  8586233073
__label__controloptimizationautonomy subscribe  today  and  save  79  off  the  cover  price.  choose  your  region:  sign  up  now  to  receive  fortunes  best  content,  special  offers,  and  much  more.  2019  fortune  media  ip  limited.  all  rights  reserved.  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  and  .  fortune  may  receive  compensation  for  some  links  to  products  and  services  on  this  website.  offers  may  be  subject  to  change  without  notice.  quotes  delayed  at  least  15  minutes.  market  data  provided  by  .  etf  and  mutual  fund  data  provided  by  ,  inc.  dow  jones  terms  conditions:  .  sp  index  data  is  the  property  of  chicago  mercantile  exchange
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  than  fifty  years  ago,  dionne  warwick  had  a  hit  with  trains  and  boats  and  planes.  today,  all  of  these  vehicles  are  operated  in  ways  nobody  would  have  imagined  back  then  but  is  even  more  astonishing  with  autonomous  transport.  by  rainer  claassen  these  days  you  read  a  lot  about  autonomous  cars  but  you  rarely  see  any.  of  course,  there  are  assisting  systems  that  make  steering  a  lot  easier  under  certain  conditions  but  when  the  driving  environment  becomes  more  complex,  the  systems  are  less  reliable.  it  will  probably  still  take  a  while  until  you  just  have  to  climb  into  a  car
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  tell  it  where  to  take  you.  there  are  other  means  of  transport,  of  course,  and  many  of  them  move  in  surroundings  that  seem  a  lot  easier  to  handle.  so  whats  new  on  the  tracks,  on  the  water,  and  in  the  air?  with  increasing  traffic  jams  and  rising  awareness  of  the  environmental  impact  of  cars,  many  people  are  switching  to  public  transport.  the  dutch  rail  network,  for  example,  projected  that  the  number  of  passengers  would  increase  by  at  least  45  percent  by  2030.  freight  volumes  are  also  rising  and  the  dutch  railway  company  prorail  is  searching  for  ways  to  make
__label__controloptimizationautonomy better  use  of  the  existing  infrastructure.  there  are  so  many  trains  on  the  grid  that  the  distance  between  them  is  relatively  short,  said  rick  van  der  mand,  project  manager  of  an  autonomous  transport  driving  experiment  that  prorail  carried  out  with  partners  arriva  and  stadler  in  march  2019.  its  so  busy  that  congestion  is  never  far  away.  automation  may  prevent  that.  best  of  both  worlds  the  dutch  railway  company  is  experimenting  with  semiautonomous  trains  built  by  arriva  and  stadler.  stopping  and  starting  is  automated,  but  a  driver  handles  the  doors  and  intervenes  in  case  of  an  emergency.  in  a  weeklong  trial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  the  groningen  to  zuidhorn  line,  the  group  tested  a  modified  railcar  produced  by  swiss  manufacturer  stadler,  undertaking  a  first  run  operating  in  grade  of  automation  2  goa  2  semiautomatic  train  operation  where  starting  and  stopping  is  automated  but  a  driver  operates  the  doors,  drives  the  train  if  needed,  and  handles  emergencies.  with  a  driver  in  attendance,  the  train  made  automated  stops  at  groningen,  hoogkerk,  and  zuidhorn.  prorail  hailed  this  as  a  success  and  is  continuing  the  trial  but  the  company  is  not  yet  ready  to  set  a  date  on  when  the  first  autonomous  trains  will  be  in  everyday  operation.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ato  automatic  train  operation  not  only  allows  trains  to  operate  more  frequently  at  shorter  headways  and  to  stop  more  precisely  but  also  improves  energy  consumption  through  the  optimization  of  acceleration,  speed,  and  braking.  prorail  is  also  investigating  the  use  of  ato  on  freight  trains  and,  in  conjunction  with  rotterdam  rail  feeding  and  alstom,  they  ran  a  modified  locomotive  on  the  betuwe  route  in  2018.  a  more  impressive  example  of  an  autonomous  freight  train  is  already  operating  steadily  on  the  other  side  of  the  world:  in  the  pilbara  region  of  western  australia  in  july  2018,  mining  company  rio  tinto  delivered  iron
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ore  by  autonomous  train  for  the  first  time.  the  autohaul  project  train  consists  of  three  locomotives,  is  2.4  kilometers  long,  and  can  carry  up  to  28,000  tons  of  iron  ore.  it  travels  more  than  280  kilometers  north  from  the  mining  operations  in  tom  price  to  the  port  of  cape  lambert.  getting  the  ore  out:  the  australian  mining  company  hauls  up  to  28,000  tons  of  iron  ore  a  day  via  a  2.4kilometerlong  driverless  train  aptly  christened  autohaul.  the  train  operators  are  located  in  the  rio  tinto  operations  centre  in  perth  which  is  more  than  1,300  kilometers  south  of  the  mines.  there
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  a  train  controller  at  the  operations  centre  in  perth  who  sets  the  route  but  once  its  running  the  onboard  computers  and  the  computers  at  the  operations  centre  take  over  and  it  makes  its  own  decisions,  says  lido  costa,  principal  engineer  on  the  autohaul  project,  and  there  are  a  whole  lot  of  other  devices  in  place  to  protect  people  and  equipment.  for  instance,  if  one  of  the  wheels  has  a  fault,  the  train  will  be  brought  to  a  stop,  or  if  one  of  the  couplers  in  the  train  is  broken,  the  system  will  pick  it  up  and  stop  the  train.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  computers  keep  the  train  to  the  speed  limit  and  protect  it  from  collisions  with  other  trains  or  obstacles  and  all  public  rail  crossings  on  the  network  are  fitted  with  cctv  cameras.  before  the  autohaul  project,  the  trains  had  to  stop  three  times  during  each  trip  to  change  drivers,  adding  one  hour  to  each  trip.  as  the  train  network  is  a  core  part  of  the  mining  operation,  the  effect  of  the  timesaving  is  enormous  but  the  system  also  improves  safety.  we  are  removing  the  need  to  transport  drivers  1.5  million  kilometers  each  year  to  and  from  trains  as  they  change
__label__controloptimizationautonomy their  shift.  this  highrisk  activity  is  something  that  driverless  trains  will  largely  reduce,  says  costa.  trains  have  one  big  advantage  over  automatization  of  other  vehicles:  they  roll  on  tracks  and  there  are  rarely  any  obstacles  that  cannot  be  foreseen  so  navigation  is  rather  easy.  with  ships  it  is  completely  different.  when  trying  to  make  a  boat  navigate  autonomously,  wind  and  current  have  to  be  considered  and  there  is  always  a  risk  of  hitting  reefs  or  other  vessels.  a  pioneer  in  the  field  of  autonomous  transport  shipping  is  norwegian  company  yara  international,  a  producer  of  crop  fertilizers.  in  2018,  it  presented
__label__controloptimizationautonomy plans  for  a  vessel  named  yara  birkeland.  the  company  announced  it  as  the  worlds  first  fully  electric  container  feeder.  investing  in  this  zeroemission  vessel  to  transport  our  crop  nutrition  solutions  fits  our  strategy  well.  we  are  proud  to  work  with  kongsberg  to  realize  the  worlds  first  autonomous,  allelectric  vessel  to  enter  commercial  operation,  says  svein  tore  holsether,  president  and  ceo  of  .  investing  in  zeroemission  vessels  fits  our  strategy  well.  norwegian  shipbuilder  will  deliver  the  ship  for  launch  in  early  2020  and,  compared  to  the  large  container  ships  on  the  oceans,  it  will  be  rather  small  with  a  capacity  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 100  to  150  shipping  containers.  initially,  the  vessel  will  be  operated  by  a  small  staff  but  will  gradually  move  to  fully  autonomous  operation  by  2022.  with  the  aid  of  ,  radar,  cameras,  and  ,  the  ship  will  be  able  to  navigate,  dock,  and  leave  the  quay  without  assistance.  yaras  project  shows  some  of  the  obstacles  in  the  way  of  the  rapid  development  of  autonomous  shipping:  in  this  case,  the  project  is  operating  in  a  rather  small  and  very  safe  area.  there  are  just  two  harbors  involved  and  theyre  only  about  30  kilometers  away  from  the  production  facility.  since  the  project
__label__controloptimizationautonomy replaces  the  expensive  road  transportation  of  goods,  amortization  of  the  high  cost  will  not  take  very  long.  in  addition,  the  vessel  serves  as  a  beacon  project.  the  developers  describe  the  whole  project  as  a  huge  turning  point  for  the  global  shipping  industry.  leading  the  way:  this  freighter  built  by  vard  still  requires  a  small  crew  and  can  only  hold  about  150  shipping  containers,  but  larger,  fully  autonomous  ships  are  already  in  planning.  there  are  many  small  companies  and  startups  doing  development  and  research  in  this  area  but  we  will  probably  see  remotecontrolled  ships  long  before  they  go  fully  autonomous.  netherlandsbased
__label__controloptimizationautonomy demonstrated  this  live  at  the  international  tug,  salvage,  and  offshore  support  vessel  osv  convention  its  2018  in  marseille,  france.  for  the  presentation,  a  captain  took  over  control  of  the  steering  and  engine  systems  of  a  tug  in  rotterdam  over  900  km  away  using  a  secured  internet  connection  and  live  cameras.  the  company  stated:  the  realtime  sensor  technology  makes  it  possible  to  give  the  remotecontrol  captain  the  situational  awareness  that  is  needed  for  safe  operation.  combined  with  the  drone  technology  to  connect  the  towline,  unmanned  shipping  is  commercially  and  technically  getting  closer.  in  a  qseries  report  in  2017,  investment  bank  ubs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stated,  commercial  jets  already  take  off  and  land  using  their  onboard  computers,  and  several  other  inight  functions  are  performed  or  confirmed  by  computers.  indeed,  the  pilots  task  is  increasingly  focused  on  managing  and  overseeing  the  aircraft  and  its  systems.  taxis  in  flight:  in  january,  airbus  vahana  team  successfully  ew  their  autonomous  air  taxi  for  the  first  time,  combining  electric  propulsion  and  machine  vision  in  order  to  democratize  personal  ight.  while  the  vast  majority  of  ships  carry  cargo,  airplanes  are  mostly  used  by  travelers.  this  leads  to  one  of  the  biggest  obstacles  in  the  way  of  autonomous  planes:  fear.  the  ubs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy worldwide  report  flying  solo:  how  far  are  we  down  the  path  towards  pilotless  planes?  concerning  the  future  of  air  transportation  canvassed  more  than  8,000  people.  the  authors  found  that  54  percent  of  the  respondents  said  they  would  refuse  to  board  a  pilotless  aircraft  and  a  lower  fare  would  not  make  them  change  their  mind.  the  number  of  people  who  said  theyd  be  happy  to  y  on  a  plane  without  a  pilot  was  only  17  percent.  the  reports  conclusion  shows  that  the  question  was  current:  technically  speaking,  remotelycontrolled  planes  carrying  passengers  and  cargo  could  appear  by  2025.  sooner  or  later  they
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  appear,  since  the  report  also  found  the  industry  spends  more  than  30  billion  on  pilots  annually.  before  passenger  acceptance  increases,  the  first  noteworthy  steps  in  this  direction  will  likely  be  seen  in  cargo  ights.  the  two  big  players  in  this  field,  airbus  and  boeing,  are  working  on  the  subject,  but  they  are  keeping  quiet  about  it  and  there  is  hardly  any  information  available.  both  companies  are  more  open  about  their  smaller,  autonomous  air  taxis.  boeing,  for  example,  proudly  published  information  about  a  successful  test  they  did  with  an  autonomous  passenger  air  vehicle  in  january  2019.  the  prototype  completed  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy controlled  takeoff,  hover,  and  landing  to  test  the  autonomous  functions  and  ground  control  systems.  liftoff  achieved:  also  in  january,  boeing  successfully  tested  its  frst  autonomous  passenger  air  vehicle  pav  prototype,  an  electric  vertical  takeoff  and  landing  evtol  aircraft,  from  an  airstrip  in  manassas,  virginia.  its  not  only  the  big  companies  that  are  working  on  this  theme;  startups,  like  the  bavarian  company  lilium,  are  developing  quickly.  so  it  may  well  happen  that  small,  batterydriven  air  vehicles  will  be  the  first  commercial  autonomous  ying  objects  and  if  passengers  have  trust  in  them,  they  may  eventually  accept  bigger  planes  without  pilots.  it  looks
__label__controloptimizationautonomy like  we  are  very  close  to  revolutions  in  trains  and  boats  and  planes.  the  technology  for  autonomous  vehicles  is  already  available  but  whats  still  missing  are  standards  for  communications  across  several  systems,  acceptance  with  passengers,  and  more  results  from  field  testing.  we  have  only  looked  at  a  few  use  cases  but  there  are  many  more  examples  and  the  revolution  could  happen  faster  than  we  think.  required  fields  are  marked  in  many  companies,  lot  of  work  time  goes  into  monitoring  and  managing  the  consumption  and  reordering  of  supplies  like  printer  paper  to  run  operations.  a  prototype  of  vr  glasses  has  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tested  on  cows  on  a  farm  in  the  moscow  region,  russia  to  improve  cow  conditions.  the  ericsson  mobility  report  is  released  twice  each  year  and  provides  projections  and  analyses  of  the  latest  trends  in  the  mobile  industry,  including  subscription,  mobile  data  traffic  and  population  coverage.  sierra  wireless  announced  the  launch  of  the  airlink  managed  network  service  with  embedded  firstnet  connectivity.  following  the  launch  of  its  first  two  nano  satellites  into  the  stratosphere  in  late  2018,  dutch  startup  hiber  is  excited  to  announce  that  its  iot  network,  bringing  low  power  and  low  cost  connectivity  to  remote  and  developing  areas  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  an  innovative  and  autonomous  solution  fully  designed  for  the  measurement  of  the  .  this  information  is  given  in  real  time.  all  data  are  displayed  on  platform  or  through  an  api  with  .  in  case  a  displacement  threshold  is  exceeded,  an  is  sent  via  sms  and/or  email.  connected  autonomous  industrial  environment  easy  to  implement  :  idiag  rail  deflation  is  connected,  nonintrusive  and  adapted  to  industrial  environments  intesens  uses  lowpower  iot  internet  of  things  networks  to  communicate  with  its  sensors  sense  web  is  a  secure  iot  web  platform  dedicated  to  remote  control  of  assets  and  infrastructures  425  rue  jean  rostand  31670
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  read  november  21,  2016  0  this  is  the  second  post  in  a  threepart  series  on  how  the  internet  of  things  is  impacting  transportation.  passenger  rail  traffic  globally  is  expected  to  double  by  2020,  posing  a  challenge  for  train  operators  and  commuters  alike.  how  can  these  operators,  who  work  with  complex  and  often  aging  infrastructure  and  technology,  adapt  to  rapidly  evolving  industry  dynamics?  how  can  they  to  ensure  trains  are  always  running  on  time?  its  easier  than  you  think.  with  iot  sensors  and  advanced  analytics,  the  rail  industry  can  evolve  without  substantial  infrastructure  investments  providing  riders  with  a  superior  commute
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  process.  here  are  three  ways  the  iot  will  change  the  rail  industry  and  improve  lives  for  all  of  us  commuters:  everyone  has  a  story  about  how  a  broken  down  train  ruined  their  day.  but  with  recent  advancements  in  maintenance,  improving  the  reliability  of  even  the  oldest  trains  is  possible.  trains  themselves  have  become  deviceladen,  with  sensors  on  critical  parts  such  as  brakes,  wheels  and  engines.  tracks  are  also  benefitting  from  iot;  some  train  networks  have  thousands  of  sensors  deployed  across  their  systems,  measuring  track  stress  and  condition,  air  and  track  temperatures  and  other  variables  that  have  predictive  value
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  maintenance  teams.  one  of  ibms  more  advanced  rail  clients,  a  large  train  network  in  northern  europe,  has  deployed  a  solution  that  not  only  deploys  sensors  to  monitor  the  health  of  its  trains,  but  also  uses  watsons  video  analysis  capabilities  to  spot  issues  on  trains  and  tracks.  this  helps  maintenance  crews  focus  on  more  efficient  repairs,  providing  a  safer  and  more  reliable  experience  for  riders.  by  tracking  trains  across  networks  using  geolocation  and  processing  this  data  using  analytics,  train  operators  can  more  efficiently  operate  trains.  some  operators  are  also  using  iot  to  measure  people  flow  such  as  passengers  waiting  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stations,  passengers  in  each  train  car,  and  more.  analytics  can  then  provide  operators  with  guidance  on  how  to  optimize  schedules  to  rider  demand  such  as  deploying  a  second  train  to  an  overcrowded  station,  how  to  improve  the  comfort  of  rides  and  much  more.  weather  data  plays  a  big  part  in  train  operations  as  well.  not  only  can  weather  have  a  significant  impact  on  a  trains  condition,  in  can  severely  impact  operations  more  generally,  as  anyone  waiting  for  a  train  in  a  snowstorm  can  attest.  advanced  train  operators  are  now  incorporating  predictive  weather  modeling  into  their  operations  to  prepare  for  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy prevent  service  interruptions.  as  consumers  adapt  to  the  digitization  of  retail,  the  rail  industry  is  also  evolving  to  meet  rider  expectations  for  new  and  better  services.  many  train  operators,  for  example,  are  now  offering  scheduling  information,  ticketing  and  other  services  through  mobile  devices.  but  iot  takes  this  evolution  a  step  further  by  allowing  operators  to  know  each  individual  rider.  how  could  you  price  services  differently  if  you  understood  how  frequently  or  how  far  each  passenger  rides?  how  could  the  rail  industry  cultivate  loyalty,  using  iot  to  learn  about  clients  actual  experience  history,  similar  to  the  retail  industry?  expect  your  interaction
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  trains  to  change  dramatically,  as  operators  use  cell  phones  and  sensors  to  learn  about  your  usage  and  provide  new  services  to  improve  your  commuting  experience.  taiwans  high  speed  rail  system  is  a  fully  electrified  railway  that  enables  passengers  to  make  the  214  mile  trip  from  taipei  in  the  north  to  kaohsiung  in  the  south  in  just  90  minutes,  a  stretch  requiring  4.5  hours  by  traditional  modes  of  transport.  with  maximum  train  speeds  approaching  190  miles  per  hour,  highspeed  rail  raises  maintenance  requirements  to  a  new  level  due  to  the  extraordinary  stresses  on  tracks,  brakes,  wheels  and  more.  as  part
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  a  15  billion  project  to  create  this  network,  the  taiwan  high  speed  rail  corporation  built  an  advanced  system  capable  of  automatically  triggering  maintenance  activities  by  detecting  potential  problems  in  the  network  and  through  automated  alarms  addressing  the  problem  before  it  becomes  a  risk  to  passenger  safety.  monitoring  and  telemetry  systems  track  and  report  the  condition  of  over  320,000  assets,  such  as  trains  and  tracks.  as  a  result,  99.15  percent  of  train  arrivals  and  departures  to  within  six  seconds  of  the  schedule  time,  and  ridership  has  grown  rapidly.  stories  like  this  highlight  how  the  internet  of  things  will  transform  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rail  industry  with  broad  benefits  to  us  all,  such  as  reducing  congestion,  improving  mobility,  reducing  the  environmental  impact  of  transportation,  and  providing  economic  benefits  for  riders  and  operators.  read  the  study  to  learn  more  about  how  the  rail  industry  is  changing  as  a  result  of  the  internet  of  things.  this  is  the  second  post  in  a  threepart  series  on  how  the  internet  of  things  is  impacting  transportation.  read  part  1  to  learn  to  learn  more  about  how  enterprise  asset  management  intersects  with  predictive  maintenance  to  enable  you  to  understand  what  your  railway  assets  are  saying.  read  more  by  by  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  the  transportation  industry  is  the  secondlargest  segment  investing  in  the  ,  spending  approximately  78  billion  from  2016.  a  small  portion  of  this  investment  goes  in  monitoring  the  fleet  management.  the  iot  in  smart  transportation  has  rapidly  changed  the  trucking  industry  with  the  help  of  mobile  and  connectivity  advancements.  smart  gadgets  are  playing  the  vital  role  as  they  carry  out  the  important  operations  and  make  work  more  efficient  and  safer  to  use.  to  make  trucking  a  more  effective  system,  iot  has  made  everything  possible
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  effective  road  safety  issues  to  the  monitoring  of  the  systems  in  fleet  management.  as  70  percent  of  all  freight  transportation  is  done  via  trucks,  the  american  trucking  association  stresses  that  the  trucking  business  is  a  major  part  of  the  u.s.  economy.  through  iot,  we  are  getting  closer  to  a  future  where  autonomous  trucks  will  become  reality.  biz4intellia,  an  endtoend  iot  solution  provider,  has  come  up  with  the  best  salient  features  in  transportation  in  the  following  way:  business  leaders  look  for  realtime  fleet  information  so  that  they  can  reap  business  benefits  to  making  intelligent  decisions  realtime.  the  fleet  management  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  slowly  and  gradually  getting  adopted  with  the  improvements  in  operational  efficiency,  maintenance  cost,  fuel  consumption,  regulatory  compliance,  and  speed  up  accident  response.  gps  tracking,  geofencing,  customized  dashboards,  and  realtime  business  decisions  are  some  of  the  key  features  fleet  management  offers.  public  transit  systems  offer  many  benefits  to  passengers.  but,  tracking  the  realtime  location  of  the  vehicle  and  knowing  when  it  will  arrive  at  a  particular  stop  was  always  a  challenge.  as  realtime  tracking  of  the  vehicle  is  possible  with  the  help  of  ,  the  data  that  is  tracked  is  sent  to  an  engineer  or  to  a  central  system  and,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy then,  to  an  internetenabled  mobile  device.  the  internet  of  things  has  eradicated  all  the  challenges  that  were  faced  in  a  public  transit  system  and  has  enabled  rerouting  features  to  help  people  make  alternate  arrangements  as  realtime  tracking  of  the  vehicle  is  easily  done.  iot  in  transportation  has  smart  inventory  management  that  acts  as  a  catalyst  telling  the  realtime  information  across  the  warehouse,  distribution,  and  production  center,  which  reduces  the  cost  of  inventory  and  improves  the  predictive  maintenance.  smart  inventory  management  systems  have  lowered  the  inventory  cost  and  reduced  the  management  errors  of  the  inventory.  the  quality  and  depth  of  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  iot  sensors  and  systems  have  strengthened  the  legalized  inventory  management  system.  iot  in  transportation  enables  the  asset  tracking  feature,  which  keeps  track  of  the  physical  assets  and  their  information,  like  location,  status,  etc.  with  biz4intellia,  an  endtoend  iot  solution  provider,  one  can  track  the  realtime  location  of  their  truck  and  can  know  how  much  load  there  is  on  the  trailer  of  the  respective  truck.  not  only  this,  but  the  latitude  and  longitude  of  an  asset  can  also  be  known  by  iot  in  transportation.  the  advanced  analytics  tracks  all  the  devices  like  sensors,  axels,  and  tells  about  the  threshold  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tolerance  of  the  device.  iot  in  the  transportation  industry  has  come  up  with  an  advanced  form  of  gps,  i.e.  geofencing.  it  captures  the  location  of  an  asset  or  device  with  the  coordinates  of  a  particular  area.  geofencing  helps  in  starting  the  automated  tasks.  iot  in  the  transportation  industry  is  the  most  benefitted  from  geofencing.  it  allows  you  to  receive  alerts  when  a  driver  deviates  from  the  prescribed  path,  as  it  can  bring  delay  in  delivery  time  and  cause  accidental  loss.  this  technology  has  manifested  the  paper  logs  as  it  came  up  with  a  digital  and  cloudbased  monitoring  system  that  tells
__label__controloptimizationautonomy about  realtime  data  of  the  truck.  increased  transparency  and  accountability  has  made  the  iot  in  transportation  more  costeffective  and  reduced  time.  the  internet  of  things  has  changed  the  business  performance  of  many  organizations  and  is  predicted  to  cut  the  emissions  from  trucks  in  the  u.s.  by  25  percent.  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  topic  contains  resources  about  iot  devices  and  systems  used  in  the  transportation  and  logistics  industries  such  as  in  freight  trucks,  trains,  cargo  carriers  and  more.  it  also  includes  information  about  connected  cars  and  automotive  iot,  including  vehicletovehicle  v2v  communication,  autonomous  vehicles,  telematics  and  more.  the  supply  chain  transformation  collaboration  between  the  two  companies  prioritizes  pragmatism.  though  not  the  hottest  ai  technology,  rpa  tools  are  finding  a  home  in  asset  tracking  and  other...  from  lowering  freight  and  logistics  costs  to  improving  fuel  efficiency  and  reducing  delivery...  the  supply  chain  transformation  collaboration  between  the  two  companies  prioritizes  pragmatism.  though  not  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hottest  ai  technology,  rpa  tools  are  finding  a  home  in  asset  tracking  and  other  showcase  iot  efforts.  from  lowering  freight  and  logistics  costs  to  improving  fuel  efficiency  and  reducing  delivery  times,  autonomous  vehicle  technology  could  be  a  game  changer  for  the  shipping  industry.  lidar,  computer  vision  and  radar  could  play  a  pivotal  role  in  the  ultimate  commercialization  of  autonomous  vehicles.  in  past  decades,  transportation  infrastructure  has  tended  to  evolve  incrementally.  heres  why  that  is  changing.  monitoring  the  driving  habits  of  fleet  vehicle  drivers  can  pay  off  in  better  safety  records  and  lower  insurance  premiums.  a  vast  sum  of  produce  ends
__label__controloptimizationautonomy up  spoiled  during  shipment.  a  team  competing  in  a  hackathon  has  set  its  sights  on  the  problem.  more  enterprises  are  progressing  to  proofofconcept  with  use  case  tests  that  marry  iot  and  blockchain  technologies,  but  dont  expect  to  see  iot  platforms  and  blockchain  deployed  in  a  bundled  way  just  yet.  when  it  comes  to  logistics  analytics,  which  is  best  for  connectivity:  edge  computing,  cloud  computing  or  a  mix  of  the  two?  fleet  telematics  is  growing.  telematics  market  analyst  clem  driscoll  weighs  in  on  how  the  technology  continues  to  evolve.  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  them  to  give  you  the  best  experience.  if  you  continue  using  our  website,  well  assume  that  you  are  happy  to  receive  all  cookies  on  this  website.  huawei  and  china  mobile  recently  launched  5g  at  shanghais  hongqiao  railway  station,  which  will  allow  passengers  to  download  a  2gb  highdefinition  film  in  less  than  20  seconds.  however,  the  move  has  raised  concerns  about  how  this  new  network  may  play  into  the  growing  trend  of  rail  and  metro  cyberattacks.  what  cyber  security  considerations  does  the  latest  5g  updated  network  pose?  fifth  generation  mobile  telecoms  technology,  known  as  5g,  is  expected  to  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  stepchange  in  mobile  networking  for  both  consumers  and  industry,  offering  users  faster  download  speeds,  lower  latency  and  data  sharing  in  real  time.  one  of  the  first  groups  to  access  the  benefits  of  5g  are  commuters  at  in  china.  in  february,  local  telecoms  provider  china  mobile  and  electronics  manufacturer  huawei  launched  an  indoor  5g  digital  system  at  the  station  that  will  be  fully  active  by  the  end  of  2019.  hongqiao  station  is  one  asias  biggest  traffic  hubs  with  over  60  million  passengers  passing  through  it  every  year  thats  around  330,000  users  a  day.  once  fully  operational,  the  new  system  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy see  travellers  benefit  from  faster  speeds  and  reduced  mobile  network  congestion;  5g  can  support  devices  per  square  kilometre  compared  to  only  around  4,000  for  4g  and  is  also  ten  times  faster.  the  launch  of  5g  at  hongqiao  is  just  the  start.  its  widely  expected  fifth  generation  mobile  networking  will  in  the  near  future  be  a  catalyst  for  full  digitisation  of  the  rail  network,  with  many  countries,  including  ,  exploring  potential  use  cases.  however,  after  the  2017  wannacry  attack,  which  saw  hackers  incapacitate  germanys  rail  network,  what  cyber  security  considerations  does  the  updated  network  pose?  while  its  a  necessity  to  modernise
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  rail  sectors  typically  ageing  infrastructure  with  the  latest  digital  technologies  to  remain  efficient  and  competitive,  the  industry  must  be  acutely  aware  of  the  potential  risks  digitisation  brings.  today,  rail  operators  tend  to  use  separate  systems  to  manage  daily  operations.  these  include  a  global  system  for  mobile  communicationsrailway  gsmr  network  a  very  narrowband  technology  used  only  for  sending  messages  and  replies  and  the  european  rail  traffic  management  systemertms,  or  an  equivalent,  to  control  the  trains,  as  well  as  another  system  for  passengers.  however,  increasingly,  rail  operators  are  looking  at  ways  to  converge  all  three  network  services  on  the  same  infrastructure
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  are  exploring  the  potential  of  5g,  says  amir  levintal,  ceo  and  cofounder  cylus,  a  cyber  security  firm  specialising  in  the  rail  industry.  when  the  5g  network  is  deployed,  passengers  will  use  it  but  also  rail  companies  will  use  it  for  operations  and  for  other  systems  that  are  not  very  easy  to  connect  to  the  internet,  including  safety  critical  communication,  unmanned  trains  and  cctv,  says  levintal.  he  warns,  however,  that  when  converging  services  under  one  network,  even  in  different  siloes,  there  is  the  potential  for  cyber  attackers  to  hack  one  as  a  gateway  to  the  others.  while  5g  can  easily
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  created  with  security  in  mind,  we  know  from  different  technologies  over  the  years  that  hackers  will  always  find  the  weakest  link  to  penetrate,  for  example,  through  passenger  internet  to  gain  access  to  the  safety  critical  networks  that  presents  a  real  threat  to  the  train  system,  he  says.  furthermore,  over  time,  more  and  more  services  will  be  integrated  into  the  5g  network,  creating  even  more  potential  attack  vectors.  its  largely  expected  that  an  increasing  number  of  services,  both  in  the  rail  industry  and  outside,  will  use  the  5g  network  to  enable  the  hotly  anticipated  internet  of  things  iot  era  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connectivity  that  will  see  more  autonomous  machines,  like  trains,  subways  and  cars.  estimates  there  will  be  around  29  billion  connected  devices  by  2022,  of  which  around  18  billion  will  be  related  to  iot.  but  with  so  much  planned  for  the  5g  network,  is  it  more  or  less  secure  than  those  before  it?  i  think  security  and  wireless  networks  are  very  tricky  because  it  depends  on  the  application  and  how  the  network  is  being  configured;  both  wifi  and  4g  can  be  very  secure  if  configured  and  used  correctly,  says  tutela  head  of  industry  analysis  chris  mills.  the  biggest  challenge  will  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy further  down  the  line  when  everything  is  connected  and  data  is  stored  on  different  servers,  all  of  which  can  be  individually  secure,  but  there  are  more  links  in  the  chain  for  something  to  go  wrong,  he  adds.  however,  he  notes  that  5g  doesnt  have  any  inherent  security  concerns,  its  more  about  making  sure  there  are  protocols,  procedures  and  standards  in  place  to  ensure  accountability  for  every  link  in  that  chain  and  that  data  isnt  just  being  lost  of  track  of.  vodafone  cto  scott  petty  says  5g  is  actually  significantly  more  secure  than  4g  and  wifi.  5g  has  a  whole  set
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  new  capabilities,  much  stronger  endtoend  encryption  mechanisms  and  much  more  intelligent  protection  of  subscriber  information,  as  well  as  the  devices  that  connect  to  the  network  those  are  really  critical  features,  he  says.  the  network  also  enables  slicing,  petty  notes,  whereby  the  network  can  be  split  or  sliced  into  smaller  networks  for  tailored  speed,  capacity,  coverage,  encryption  and  security.  this  can  be  achieved  much  more  easily  with  5g  and  enables  sharing  of  data  and  information  in  very  private  ways,  with  much,  much  stronger  security  than  in  the  4g  environment,  says  petty.  5g  is  a  shift  to  virtual  networking  and  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy see  more  services  and  storage  residing  in  the  cloud  and  on  edge  computing,  which,  while  creating  its  own  risks,  is  more  secure  than  on  premise  and  endpoint  components,  according  to  levinthal.  technology  on  the  cloud  is  more  convenient  to  maintain,  verify  and  develop,  because  when  it  is  centralised  in  one  point  it  is  easier  to  build  the  necessary  security  measures,  he  adds.  i  think  the  direction  we  are  going  in  centralising  everything  into  the  cloud  is  better,  though  there  are  some  disadvantages  because  now  everything  is  in  one  place.  arthur  d.  little  managing  partner  bela  virag  explains  that  since  5g
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services  are  serviced  by  a  more  distributed,  cloudoriented  computing  environment,  the  attack  surface  increases  and  the  security  perimeter  becomes  vaguer.  therefore,  the  entire  system  will  require  more  effort  to  remain  secure;  so  overall,  5g  itself  is  probably  more  secure.  however,  we  still  believe  that  the  overall  endtoend  security  becomes  harder  to  provide,  he  warns.  there  is  no  complete  solution  for  cyber  security  for  rail  or  any  company  or  organisation,  says  levinthal.  but  there  are,  of  course,  ways  to  mitigate  risk.  the  first  thing  to  do  is  to  separate  the  network  into  different  zones  and  this  is  what  rail  operators  intend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  do,  but  they  must  also  implement  and  deploy  security  measures  into  the  network  that  will  detect  someone  trying  to  leverage  it  to  harm  or  to  hit  some  of  the  services,  he  says.  operators  must  also  be  aware  of  the  human  risk  factor.  the  more  technology  and  services,  the  more  complex  the  system  and  subsequently  its  maintenance  becomes,  creating  more  scope  for  someone  to  make  a  mistake.  mistakes  maintaining  the  network  are  inevitable  because  we  are  all  human,  but  for  critical  infrastructure  a  small  mistake  might  result  in  a  very  big  impact  on  the  application  therefore  it  is  important  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  aware  and  monitor  this  risk,  says  levinthal.  to  sum  up,  he  reiterates:  separation  and  zoning  are  good,  but  once  a  hacker  gets  into  the  network,  security  measures  must  be  in  place  to  detect  them  and  to  stop  them  executing  their  attack.  article  after  3rd  para  ads  end  here  lead  capture  form  starts  .underpostleadcapture  hover  over  the  logos  to  learn  more  about  the  companies  who  made  this  project  possible.  promec  is  an  engineering  and  manufacturing  company  operating  in  the...  promec  is  an  engineering  and  manufacturing  company  operating  in  the  railway  bogies  market.  our  engineering  staff  designs  and  develops  advanced  bogie
__label__controloptimizationautonomy testing  machines,  trustworthy  fixtures,  and  every  critical  workshop  tool  or  equipment.  follow  the  company  to  be  always  up  to  date  with  this  company  the  mprx  multiprotocol  reader  is  a  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  reader  that  can  be  used  in  railway  applications  with  adverse  conditions.  the  transcore  e1r  flex  can  withstand  a  variety  of  harsh  work  environments,  including  hot  and  dusty  conditions  or  cold  and  damp  weather.  the  multiple  comfort  grips  accommodate  right  or  lefthand  use.  follow  the  company  to  be  always  up  to  date  with  this  company  konarelectronics  and  informatics  designs,  produces  and  maintains  a  wide  variety...  konarelectronics  and  informatics
__label__controloptimizationautonomy designs,  produces  and  maintains  a  wide  variety  of  power  electronic  equipment  for  electric  locomotives,  electric  and  dieselelectric  multiple  units,  trams,  passenger  cars  and  trackside  facilities.  follow  the  company  to  be  always  up  to  date  with  this  company  copyright  2019  verdict  media  limited.  go  top
__label__controloptimizationautonomy posted:  22  august  2019  ,  thomas  bhm,  chief  data  scientist  at  konux,  believes  that  iot  technologies  and  ai  software  have  the  potential  to  make  life  a  lot  easier  for  rail  infrastructure  managers  and  he  explains  how  konux  plans  to  be  part  of  the  digital  evolution  of  rail.  was  founded  back  in  2014  by  andreas  kunze,  vlad  lata,  dennis  humhal  and  max  hasler.  the  combined  experience  of  growing  up  in  the  industrial  heart  of  germany  and  living  in  silicon  valley  brought  a  new  perspective  on  leveraging  technology  to  improve  industrial  operations.  and  why  railway?  we  have  a  shared  belief  that  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy railway  is  the  transportation  of  the  future,  as  it  is  by  far  the  safest,  most  efficient  and  environmentally  friendly,  and  yet  is  not  nearly  as  competitive  as  we  wish  it  was.  we  truly  believe  we  are  uniquely  positioned  to  shake  things  up  a  bit  and  combine  our  domain  knowledge  with  ai  and  iot  expertise.  while  railway  has  shown  a  lot  of  interest  and  willingness  to  adapt  and  innovate,  due  to  structural  reasons  and  heavy  regulations,  it  has  not  been  the  friendliest  industry  for  startups  to  thrive.  we  often  hear  from  our  customers  that  they  are  required  to  follow  processes  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy were  introduced  back  in  the  1980s.  traffic  has  since  doubled,  but  they  are  expected  to  improve  availability  without  increasing  costs.  it  is  an  impossible  task  for  infrastructure  managers.  the  good  news  is  that  iot  technologies  and  ai  have  the  potential  to  make  life  a  lot  easier  for  them.  today,  it  just  takes  too  long.  the  main  thing  that  needs  to  change  is  how  infrastructure  managers  work  with  startups  and  test  new  solutions.  for  example,  giving  infrastructure  managers  space  to  test  new  solutions  more  quickly  and  experiment  with  other  models  such  as  softwareasaservice  instead  of  committing  to  longterm  contracts  from  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy beginning,  can  dramatically  speed  up  adoption  of  gamechanging  technologies.  we  believe  that  digitalisation  starts  with  a  quick  win.  it  is  about  finding  a  use  case  where  you  can  demonstrate  value,  learn  from  it,  and  then  scale.  our  konux  predictive  maintenance  system  for  rail  switches  offers  such  use  cases  to  our  customers  today.  the  switch  is  one  of  the  most  critical  assets  in  railway  infrastructure;  it  is  responsible  for  2030  per  cent  of  infrastructurerelated  delay  minutes  and  it  is  one  of  the  hardest  to  monitor.  as  an  endtoend  solution,  the  system  uses  iot  sensors  and  artificial  intelligence  to  improve  network  availability
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  save  costs.  it  continuously  monitors  and  analyses  the  health  of  key  switch  components,  such  as  the  trackbed  and  frog,  and  provides  actionable  recommendations.  it  ultimately  allows  for  better  maintenance  planning  by  helping  infrastructure  managers  anticipate  failures  ahead  of  time  and  know  the  optimal  time  and  type  of  maintenance  needed.  one  of  the  ways  in  which  our  customers  are  making  use  of  our  system  is  through  our  forecasting  functionality.  we  provide  them  with  a  90day  forecast  of  how  the  condition  of  the  trackbed  will  develop  allowing  them  to  optimise  the  planning  of  tamping  actions.  once  maintenance  actions  have  been  performed,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  system  also  helps  them  validate  the  effectiveness  of  these  actions  without  the  need  to  send  people  in  the  field.  our  customers  are  now  able  to  see  which  methods  have  been  effective  and  for  how  long.  this  way  they  can  both  focus  on  the  most  sustainable  maintenance  actions  but  also  avoid  failures  as  a  result  of  ineffective  maintenance  actions.  last  but  not  least,  with  our  newlyreleased  true  switch  load  feature,  we  are  able  to  detect  100  per  cent  of  all  trains  that  pass  over  the  monitored  switches  and  enable  our  customers  to  move  to  true  usagebased  inspections  which  have  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy potential  to  save  up  to  40  per  cent  of  inspection  costs.  we  are  aware  that  the  switch  is  just  one  of  many  assets,  and  if  we  are  to  live  up  to  our  mission  to  empower  the  rail  industry  to  operate  with  the  highest  availability  there  is  a  lot  more  work  ahead  of  us.  we  are  really  thrilled  to  be  a  part  of  this  exciting  journey.  has  deep  technical  knowledge  and  over  10  years  of  railway  expertise  in  utilising  the  power  of  data  to  define  great  machine  learningbased  products.  prior  to  ,  thomas  was  head  of  the  department  for  data  management
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  knowledge  discovery  at  the  german  aerospace  center  dlr.  ,  ,  ,  ,  by  ,  22  august  2019  ,  ,  ,  ,  all  subscriptions  include  online  membership,  giving  you  access  to  the  journal  and  exclusive  content.  by  by  by  by  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  44  01959  563311  44  01959  563123  global  railway  review  is  published  by:  russell  publishing  ltd.  court  lodge  hogtrough  hill  brasted,  kent,  tn16  1nu  united  kingdom  ,  20102019.  all  rights  reserved.  .  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design  news  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  serving  the  21st  century  design  engineer  the  complexity  and  sophistication  of  manufacturing  machines  is  obviously  much  more  complex  than  the  autonomous  car,  so  its  not  a  big  surprise  to  automation  engineers  that  the  basics  of  developing  these  vehicles  isnt  a  huge  technological  leap.  in  a  recent  white  paper  entitled  the  ,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy realtime  innovations  ceo  stan  schneider  commented  that  intelligent  vehicles  are  really  complex  distributed  systems  combining  sensors  for  vision,  radar,  lidar,  proximity  sensors,  gps,  mapping,  navigation,  planning,  and  control.  his  conclusion:  an  autonomous  car  is  more  a  robot  on  wheels  than  it  is  a  car.  whats  interesting  is  how  new  data  and  networking  technology  is  evolving  with  the  need  for  distributed  systems  that  must  share  information  to  be  effective.  i  think  this  is  precisely  the  primary  hurdle  that  the  iot  must  overcome  to  deliver  on  its  immense  promise  and  separate  it  from  the  networking  technology  deployed  in  the  recent  past.  what
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  the  secret  sauce  of  autonomous  cars?  schneider  writes  that  it  is  simply,  system  components  that  can  interact  through  data  flow.  the  illustration  above  shows  the  basics  of  datacentric  communications  and  its  impact  on  the  connected  car.  a  databus  can  link  any  language,  device  or  transport,  automatically  discovering  information  sources,  understanding  data  type,  and  communicating  them  to  participants.  it  potentially  scales  across  millions  of  data  paths,  enforces  millisecond  timing,  ensures  reliability,  supports  redundancy,  and  selectively  filters  information.  each  path  can  be  unicast,  multicast,  open  data,  or  fully  secure.  in  the  diagram,  a  perception  system  tracking  many  objects  will  send  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy those  close  to,  and  approaching,  the  vehicle.  although  the  perception  system  can  update  at  100hz,  the  receiver  only  needs  it  at  10hz.  source:  realtime  innovations  inc.  in  the  ,  he  writes:  datacentric  connectivity  was  originally  developed  for  autonomous  systems.  unlike  messaging  technologies,  it  directly  controls  data  interactions.  it  removes  all  of  the  complexity  of  managing  data  communications  from  components.  it  excels  at  highly  reliable,  complex  system  integration.  it  is  fully  standardized,  proven  in  hundreds  of  industrial  systems,  and  already  controlling  many  autonomous  planes,  robots,  submarines,  and  cars.  most  of  us  agree  that  the  car  of  the  future  will  be  connected.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufacturers  will  monitor  data  in  real  time  for  safety  and  reliability  purposes,  and  vehicles  will  communicate  to  create  an  increasingly  smart  roadway  infrastructure.  the  convergence  of  the  iot,  sophisticated  new  sensor  and  telematics  systems,  cloud  computing,  and  big  data  analytics  will  give  automakers  access  to  new  streams  of  realtime  data  from  vehicles,  and  valuable  insight  into  both  products  and  consumers.  design  news  according  to  nitin  rakesh,  ceo  and  president  of  syntel,  manufacturers  are  still  scratching  the  surface  of  the  potential  for  this  technology,  and  the  ability  to  efficiently  handle,  store,  and  interpret  massive  amounts  of  vehicle  data  is  the  key
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  success.  by  leveraging  tools  including  the  companys  syntbots  automation  platform,  syntel  enables  manufacturers  to  quickly  move  to  more  efficient,  scalable  big  data  systems,  which  has  the  potential  to  improve  performance  while  reducing  maintenance  and  support  costs  by  as  much  as  30.  the  results,  according  to  rakesh,  are  higher  quality  products,  greater  customer  satisfaction,  and  the  ability  to  create  real  value  from  this  data.  cars  are  increasingly  becoming  mobile  technology  hubs,  and  digital  features  are  no  longer  just  a  fancy  option,  but  an  integral  part  of  the  vehicle  itself,  he  said.  connected  cars  can  send  manufacturers  valuable  performance  data  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enables  them  to  recognize  patterns  and  apply  predictive  analytics  to  detect  faults  or  breakdowns  before  they  occur.  if  connectivity  is  the  key  to  success  for  both  autonomous  cars  and  complex  robotic  systems,  its  obvious  that  mastering  datacentric  connectivity  in  applications  is  the  final  step.  in  the  world  of  automation  and  control,  2017  will  see  many  new  iot  networking  strategies  move  from  the  idea  stage  to  implementation.  but  for  data  to  feed  new  distributed  iot  systems,  a  new  generation  of  software  solution  will  need  to  continue  to  emerge  that  effectively  tie  components  together.  al  presher  is  a  veteran  contributing  writer  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design  news  ,  covering  automation  and  control,  motion  control,  power  transmission,  robotics,  and  fluid  power.  the  continuing  education  center  offers  engineers  an  entirely  new  way  to  get  the  education  they  need  to  formulate  nextgeneration  solutions.  focus  on  fundamentals  consists  of  45minute  online  classes  that  cover  a  host  of  technologies.  you  learn  without  leaving  the  comfort  of  your  desk.  all  classes  are  taught  by  subjectmatter  experts  and  all  are  archived.  so  if  you  cant  attend  live,  attend  at  your  convenience.  recommended  reading  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  on  the  worlds  human  population  currently  stands  at  around  7.6  billion  and  is  projected  to  reach  11.2  billion  by  2100.  we  will  therefore  need  a  food  production  and  distribution  system  that  can  accommodate  another  3.6  billion  peopleideally  while  consuming  as  little  additional  land  and  leaving  as  small  an  environmental  footprint  as  possible,  in  order  to  maintain  vital  ecosystem  services  and  conserve  earths  remaining  wildlife.  thats  clearly  a  challenge  given  that  around  half  of  the  worlds  habitable  land  is  under  agriculture  of  some  kindwith  a  high  proportion  of  this  used  for  livestock  farming  .  figure  a  click  to  see  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy larger  version.  percentages  are  based  on  2014  figures.  in  a  widely  reported  recent  study,  2018  note  that  a  shift  away  from  meat  and  dairy  consumption  would  go  a  long  way  towards  relieving  pressure  on  agricultural  land  and  reducing  environmental  impact:  meat,  aquaculture,  eggs,  and  dairy  use  83  of  the  worlds  farmland  and  contribute  56  to  58  of  foods  different  emissions,  despite  providing  only  37  of  our  protein  and  18  of  our  calories.  moving  to  a  diet  that  excludes  animal  products,  say  the  studys  authors,  could  reclaim  3.1  billion  hectares  of  global  farmland  a  76  reduction,  while  reducing  foods  greenhouse  gas
__label__controloptimizationautonomy emissions  by  6.6  billion  metric  tons  of  co2eq  a  49  reduction,  among  other  environmental  benefits.  of  course,  it  will  take  time  to  effect  a  major  shift  in  dietary  preferencesprimarily  in  developed  countriesand  global  land  use  patterns,  although  emerging  technologies  like  may  have  an  increasingly  important  role  to  play  here.  on  the  crops  side,  big  advances  in  production  have  been  made  in  recent  decades,  and  modern  technology  is  poised  to  deliver  even  more.  farming  output  can  increase  in  two  basic  ways:  by  increasing  the  yield  per  unit  area  intensification,  or  by  expanding  the  area  under  cultivation  extensification.  increased  cereal  production  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy largely  been  achieved  by  intensification  over  the  last  50  years  .  only  16  more  land  was  used  for  cereals  in  2014  than  in  1961,  for  example,  while  global  cereal  production  increased  by  280.  during  the  same  period,  the  worlds  population  increased  136,  which  means  that  cereal  production  per  person  has  increased  even  as  the  population  has  more  than  doubled.  figure  b  click  to  see  a  larger  version.  these  increases  were  largely  delivered  by  the  postww2  a  suite  of  technologies  and  farming  practices  involving  highyielding  crop  varieties,  agrochemicals  fertilisers,  herbicides,  and  pesticides,  irrigation,  and  mechanisation.  industrialscale  agriculture,  often  using  genetically  modified
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gm  crops,  has  undoubtedly  delivered  many  benefits,  but  there  are  costs  too.  these  include  high  levels  of  inputs  which  can  become  pollutants  if  inefficiently  applied,  the  development  of  resistance  to  pesticides  and  herbicides,  and  the  use  of  large,  expensive,  and  environmentally  damaging  farm  machinery.  these  and  other  issues  have  sparked  interest  in  ,  where  the  goal  is  to  increase  production  from  existing  farmland  while  minimising  environmental  damage,  thereby  maintaining  the  lands  capacity  to  continue  producing  food,  and  also  helping  to  preserve  biodiversity.  ,  also  known  as  smart  farming  or  precision  farming,  is  a  key  component  of  sustainable  intensification.  this  combines
__label__controloptimizationautonomy remote  sensing,  iot  devices,  robotics,  big  data  analytics,  artificial  intelligence,  and  other  emerging  technologies  into  an  integrated  highresolution  crop  production  system.  one  of  the  biggest  drawbacks  of  industrialscale  farming  is  the  use  of  large,  heavy  machinery  such  as  tractors,  sprayers,  and  harvesters,  which  compact  the  soil  and  compromise  a  crop  plants  ability  to  develop  a  healthy  root  system.  soil  compaction  is  an  important  factorperhaps  the  important  factorin  the  slowing  of  crop  yield  increases  that  has  been  observed  in  recent  decadeshere,  for  example  in  the  uk  .  figure  c  click  to  see  a  larger  version.  the  data  is  from  our  world
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  data.  another  drawback  of  industrialscale  farming  is  its  low  resolution.  for  example,  when  agrochemicals  are  applied  to  fields  via  sprayers  many  metres  wide,  much  of  it  misses  the  target:  not  only  is  this  wasteful,  but  it  can  also  create  environmental  pollution,  harming  beneficial  organisms  and  compromising  ecosystem  services.  these  and  other  problems  can  be  addressed  by  replacing  big  humanoperated  machines  with  multiple  small  autonomous  devices,  backed  up  by  modern  it  infrastructure.  the  primary  goal  is  to  unlock  flatlining  crop  yield  curves,  as  shown  in  the  above  graph.  precision  farming  was  the  subject  of  a  ,  subtitled  cheating  malthus  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy digital  agriculture  .  according  to  the  investment  bank,  a  technologydriven  crop  yield  improvement  of  70  is  achievable  by  2050  via  a  combination  of  precision  planting,  fertiliser  application,  irrigation  spraying,  and  autonomous  driving  applications,  with  adoption  starting  in  developed  markets.  this  translates  under  certain  assumptions  to  a  total  addressable  market  of  240  billion  by  2050,  with  the  major  components  featured  in  .  figure  d  click  to  see  a  larger  version.  the  data  is  from  goldman  sachs  global  investment  research.  clearly  theres  a  lot  to  play  for  in  precision  farmingnot  only  in  terms  of  helping  to  feed  the  world  more  sustainably,  but
__label__controloptimizationautonomy also  in  terms  of  cold,  hard  business  opportunities.  for  evidence,  look  no  further  than  the  september  of  machine  learning  specialist  by  agricultural  equipment  giant  for  305  million.  in  the  remainder  of  this  article,  well  examine  a  couple  of  ukbased  startups  in  the  vanguard  of  this  new  agricultural  revolution.  small  robot  company  is  inspired  by  and  based  on  the  work  of  at  .  he  has  been  working  on  the  idea  of  small  robots  rather  than  big  tractors  for  the  last  fifteen  years  or  so,  srcs  cofounder  ben  scottrobinson  told  zdnet.  an  entrepreneur  with  particular  expertise  in  user  experience  design  and  ai,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy scottrobinson  stressed  the  emerging  status  of  precision  agriculture  in  the  uk:  i  heard  him  blackmore  on  the  radio  and  was  inspired  by  what  he  was  saying,  so  i  contacted  him  and  asked  who  are  the  hot  startups  that  i  could  join  in  the  small  farming  robot  world?  he  said  there  werent  any,  but  that  i  should  meet  this  chap  called  sam,  whos  very  interested  and  brings  a  different  perspective  on  it.  sam  is  srcs  other  cofounder  sam  watson  jones,  a  farmer  and  exmanagement  consultant,  who  took  up  the  story:  the  agriculture  business  is  highly  consolidated,  both  before  and  after  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy farm,  and  theres  really  only  a  handful  of  companies  that  supply  machinery  and  equipment  into  farms.  this  new  technology  is  highly  disruptive  to  what  theyre  doing,  and  potentially  cannibalises  their  business.  also  farmers  are  not  really  asking  for  this  technology  yetalthough  weve  spoken  to  a  lot  of  them  over  the  last  12  months  and  have  150  onboard.  but  they  understand  that  their  business  model  is  broken  in  most  respects,  primarily  because  their  revenues  are  fixed:  on  our  farm  in  shropshire  we  generate  the  same  revenues  we  did  25  years  ago  from  our  crops,  but  the  costs  to  achieve  those  revenues
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  significantly  higher.  farmers  dont  have  a  clear  vision  of  how  to  get  themselves  out  of  this  situation,  watson  jones  continued,  which  is  why,  if  you  follow  the  farming  press,  youll  see  so  much  talk  about  subsidy,  government  support,  and  supermarket  bashing.  what  brought  ben  and  i  together  was  that  we  shared  a  positive  vision  for  technology  actually  enabling  farms  to  be  run  in  a  different  way,  under  a  different  business  model.  when  we  first  started  looking  at  this,  i  got  very  excited  by  the  technology,  said  scottrobinson.  but  we  wanted  to  know  what  farmers  think  about  itbecause  as  everybody
__label__controloptimizationautonomy knows,  they  dont  adopt  new  technology.  so  sam  spent  the  best  part  of  eight  months  interviewing  farmersthe  aga  sessions  as  we  call  itto  find  out  what  their  pain  points  were,  and  explore  the  idea  of  whether  robots  would  be  something  theyd  be  interested  in.  what  emerged  is  that  farmers  arent  scared  of  technology  per  sealthough  some  are  quite  reactionary;  what  theyre  really  scared  of  is  being  sold  something  that  will  break,  and  then  sit  in  their  shed  gathering  dust.  so  one  of  the  first  things  we  did  was  step  away  from  the  idea  of  cool  robots  and  ask  what  model
__label__controloptimizationautonomy theyre  going  to  buy  into.  thats  how  we  came  up  with  the  idea  of  farming  as  a  servicea  lease  service  on  a  perhectare,  peryear  basis.  first,  all  the  risk  is  taken  off  the  farmer;  and  second,  they  can  trial  it  as  they  want  tomaybe  a  field,  maybe  20  hectaresand  see  whether  it  works.  breaking  down  those  barriers  to  entry  and  reducing  the  risk  allowed  us  to  have  a  really  open  conversation,  and  they  were  incredibly  positive  about  it.  in  this  video  about  the  techrepublic/zdnet  future  of  food  special  feature,  jason  hiner  and  karen  roby  discuss  how  smart  farming,  big  data,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  other  tech  are  key  to  producing  more  food  for  more  people.  sam  watson  joness  farming  credentials  are  another  advantage  for  src.  i  think  this  would  be  much  more  difficult  to  launch  if  it  was  a  bunch  of  technologists  who  knew  nothing  about  how  farmers  work  and  what  theyre  worried  about.  this  is  an  unusual  thingfarmers  are  not  used  to  dealing  with  startups.  but  the  key  point  is,  were  not  saying  this  is  the  end  for  all  uses  for  the  tractor.  were  just  asking  the  question:  for  the  basics  of  what  youre  trying  to  dowhich  is  to  put  a  seed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  ground,  monitor  it,  and  care  for  it  as  accurately  as  you  canis  a  tractor  the  best  tool  to  do  that  job?  the  resounding  answer,  which  all  farmers  agree  with,  is  that,  with  the  technology  available  today,  its  not.  there  are  better  ways  we  could  do  things,  and  weve  got  an  interesting  offer  around  what  that  better  way  might  look  like.  src  is  developing  three  robots,  named  tom,  dick,  and  harry.  tom  is  a  crop  and  soil  monitoring  robot,  capable  of  checking  each  plant  individually;  dick  is  a  microspraying  and  nonchemical  weeding  robot;  and  harry  does  precision  drilling  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy planting.  when  not  collecting  data  in  the  field,  tom  lives  in  a  charging  kennel  on  the  farm,  where  it  also  uploads  its  data  to  the  companys  ubuntubased,  aidriven  operating  system;  dick  and  harry  are  summoned  from  src  as  needed.  this  is  an  early  design  for  harry,  small  robot  companys  precision  drilling  and  planting  robot.  key  to  the  whole  process  is  highresolution  digital  soil  and  crop  data  via  tom,  plus  the  ability  to  take  action  on  that  data  at  a  similar  resolution  via  dick  and  harry.  many  farms  already  have  soil  maps  created  by  a  bloke  with  a  bucket  as  watson
__label__controloptimizationautonomy jones  put  it,  typically  with  around  200  samples  for  a  10hectare  field.  but  its  fake  digital  really,  said  watson  jones,  because  theres  only  a  rough  indication  where  those  samples  have  come  from,  and  the  area  around  those  soil  samples  is  assumed  to  be  the  sametheres  still  a  lot  of  averaging  going  on.  he  added:  i  havent  met  a  single  farmer  who,  hand  on  heart,  would  trust  those  maps  as  the  cornerstone  of  their  farm  management  decision  making.  where  we  are  in  terms  of  our  development  is  taking  significant  steps  to  get  that  baselevel  datamuch  more  accurate  than  anything  that  exists
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  farming  at  the  momentand  then,  when  we  develop  dick  and  harry,  farmers  are  going  to  be  able  to  take  action  much  more  accurately.  tom  the  monitoring  robot  can  typically  cover  a  20hectare  field  in  a  day,  or  a  whole  farm  in  12  weeks.  plants  dont  move  that  fast,  watson  jones  noted,  so  in  terms  of  being  able  to  keep  on  top  of  changes  in  soil  conditions  and  the  growth  of  weeds,  that  will  give  us  as  close  to  a  realtime  view  of  the  crop  as  we  can  hope  for.  the  data  is  a  mixture  of  photographic,  nearinfrared,  and  hyperspectral
__label__controloptimizationautonomy imaging.  photography  determines  whether  a  plant  is  a  crop  or  a  weed,  nearir  lets  you  see  the  health  of  the  cells  in  the  plant,  and  hyperspectral  is  looking  at  the  chemical  content  of  the  soil,  said  watson  jones.  were  collecting  a  gigabyte  of  data  every  ten  minutes  or  so,  and  one  of  the  reasons  tom  is  not  terribly  fast  is  that  a  lot  of  data  is  collected,  and  the  speed  of  internet  connections  on  farms  means  we  cant  just  shove  it  up  into  the  cloud.  thats  why  tom  has  to  go  back  to  the  kennel,  as  we  call  it,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy physically  upload  data  to  a  local  server.  after  an  initial  run  through  the  ai  software  on  the  farms  server,  the  core  data  is  then  uploaded  to  the  cloud  aka  src  central.  srcs  project  around  data  collection,  training  the  ai  and  running  a  distributed  operating  system  across  the  robots,  the  kennel  and  the  cloud  received  three  years  of  funding  from  in  2018.  the  goal  is  to  gather  the  data  and  understand  what  it  means,  going  from  imagery  to  commands  to  the  other  robots,  so  that  they  know  where  to  go,  giving  us  a  complete  endtoend  automated  solution,  watson  jones  explained.  srcs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ai  application  is  developed  by  a  company  called  ,  who  specialise  in  deep  learning  systems  that  work  with  small  amounts  of  training  datahundreds  or  low  thousands  of  images,  rather  than  hundreds  of  thousands.  the  ai  runs  on  :  its  a  fantastic  platform  with  a  lot  of  expertise  and  advice  out  there.  it  makes  absolute  sense  for  us  to  run  our  robotic  algorithms  on  ubuntu,  watson  jones  said.  rachael,  srcs  prototype  robot,  is  used  for  testing  control  systems  and  gathering  ai  training  data.  when  zdnet  spoke  to  src  in  the  spring  of  2018,  the  companys  prototype  device,  called  ,  was  testing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  systems  for  controlling  a  robot  in  a  rugged  outdoor  environment,  and  also  collecting  data  to  train  the  ai.  over  the  course  of  a  growing  season,  we  have  to  understand  what  wheat  plants  look  like  when  theyre  coming  out  of  the  ground,  all  the  way  up  to  when  theyre  a  full  plant,  so  we  can  determine  the  difference  between  wheat  and  weeds,  said  watson  jones.  thats  rachaels  core  focusas  a  testbed  for  the  robot  platform  and  also  to  gather  the  training  data.  the  prototype  robot  currently  uses  hardware,  although  src  is  also  considering  a  custom  kit  going  forward.  as  src
__label__controloptimizationautonomy worked  through  the  designs  of  dick  and  harry,  it  became  clear  that  they  werent  different  robots,  but  the  same  basic  platform  with  different  attachments.  on  harry,  the  planting  robot,  watson  jones  said:  we  won  a  competition  with  the  at  the  end  of  2017  to  develop  a  way  of  planting  which  doesnt  need  the  plough.  one  of  the  reasons  tractors  are  so  heavy  is  they  need  to  drag  a  plough  through  the  soil,  and  as  our  key  ethos  is  to  have  light  vehicles  that  wont  compress  the  soil,  we  need  to  have  a  different  type  of  planting.  so  rather  than  ploughing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  soil  and  then  dropping  seeds  in  the  ground  using  a  drill,  we  look  to  precisionplace  the  seeds  in  the  ground  using  a  technique  that  doesnt  require  draught  forcethe  force  of  pulling  something  through  the  ground.  srcs  precisionplanting  mechanism  will  be  based  on  the  haraka,  a  simple  punchplanting  device.  the  precisionplanting  mechanism,  which  is  being  codeveloped  with  the  in  coventry,  takes  inspiration  from  a  handpushed  punchplanting  unit  called  a  ,  which  was  developed  for  use  in  subsaharan  african  countries  and  in  india,  said  watson  jones,  who  described  it  as  a  very  clever  and  very  simple  mechanism.  the  big  technical  challenge
__label__controloptimizationautonomy facing  src,  he  explained,  is  to  get  the  same  number  of  seeds  in  the  ground  as  a  tractor  going  at  full  lick  with  a  drill  behind  it,  planting  at  the  normal  rate.  so  whats  next  on  the  src  roadmap?  were  looking  to  trial  the  harry  mechanism,  which  will  hopefully  happen  with  the  planting  of  winter  wheat  in  septemberor  spring  wheat  next  year  2019  as  a  fallback,  said  watson  jones.  our  focus  is  to  prove  the  point  with  the  punchplanting,  and  then  go  into  various  trials  with  commercial  partners  to  test  the  benefits  of  that.  the  latest  harry  prototype  was  unveiled
__label__controloptimizationautonomy on  7  november  at  the  conference  at  cambridge.  and  in  the  longer  term?  were  aiming  for  commercial  launch  in  2021  and  are  recruiting  a  group  of  30  farmers  who  are  essentially  our  first  customers,  said  scottrobinson.  they  each  pay  us  a  presale  deposit  of  5,000,  and  we  work  with  them  to  develop  all  elements  of  our  service.  they  become  our  farmer  advisory  group,  and  well  be  constantly  on  farms,  testing  and  getting  feedback.  they  will  tell  us  the  point  at  which  its  ready  for  us  to  charge  for  the  service.  taking  a  wider  view  of  agriculture  in  the  uk,  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy spectre  of  brexit  looms  increasingly  large,  with  key  issues  being  what  will  replace  the  annual  3  billion  in  eu  farming  subsidies,  and  the  likelihood  of  an  exodus  of  vital  migrant  labour  as  free  movement  ends.  given  scare  stories  of  vegetables  rotting  in  the  fields  for  want  of  workers  to  pick  them,  for  example,  are  harvesting  robots  on  srcs  roadmap?  the  latest  prototype  of  small  robot  companys  harry  at  the  agritech  east  reap  conference  in  november  2018.  pictured  are  belinda  clarke,  director  of  agritech  east,  and  sam  watson  jones,  cofounder  of  src.  they  are  on  our  roadmap,  but  not  on  our
__label__controloptimizationautonomy initial  threeyear  plan,  said  watson  jones.  broadacre  arable  farms  growing  things  that  go  through  a  combinewheat,  barley,  and  oats,  which  is  where  were  squarely  aimedalready  use  a  pretty  small  amount  of  labour.  initially,  those  guys  will  have  a  role  monitoring  robots  as  they  go  around  the  fields,  but  ultimately  our  message  is  to  try  and  encourage  farmers  to  diversifyeither  adding  value  to  what  theyre  producing,  selling  things  under  their  own  brand,  or  expanding  into  other  industries.  we  can  help  to  increase  the  economic  output  of  a  farm.  the  underlying  problem,  says  watson  jones,  is  that  uk  farmers  are  essentially  producing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy commodity  crops  in  one  of  the  most  expensive  countries  in  the  world  to  produce  commodities,  which  arent  highly  valued  by  the  market.  we  think  big  chunks  of  that  can  be  automated  and  done  better  by  robots.  the  labour  thats  made  available  will  have  to  get  up  to  speed  with  new  technology,  but  can  also  be  used  on  projects  that  add  value  to  the  overall  farm  business.  as  far  as  vegetables  rotting  in  the  fields  are  concerned,  watson  jones  noted  that  there  are  a  smaller  number  of  farms  in  this  sector  that  currently  require  a  lot  of  manual  labour  to  get
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  harvest  in.  i  do  think  that  robotics  will  play  a  part  in  things  like  lettuce  and  strawberry  harvesting,  but  it  will  be  a  longer,  slower  road,  he  said.  one  of  the  reasons  we  didnt  go  down  that  road  is,  there  are  fifteen  lettuce  farmers  in  the  uk  for  exampletheyre  all  big  players,  but  the  market  is  pretty  tiny.  they  also  do  things  in  different  ways,  so  youll  be  forced  into  designing  and  developing  expensive  bespoke  robots  to  do  something  very  specificand  really,  you  cant  operate  that  using  a  farmingasaservice  model.  look,  no  hands:  the  handsfree  hectare  project  grows  crops
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  autonomous  machinery.  no  human  has  set  foot  in  the  onehectare  field  for  two  seasons.  adoption  of  vegetableharvesting  robots  will  be  slower,  watson  jones  added,  requiring  more  advanced  robotic  technology  than  is  currently  being  implemented.  the  model  that  were  suggesting  will  be  earlier,  and  easier  to  adopt,  he  predicted.  on  the  subject  of  eu  subsidies,  the  likelihood  is  that  a  big  chunk  of  the  annual  3  billion  is  going  to  disappear  postbrexit,  said  watson  jones  in  april  2018.  at  the  moment,  a  farming  consultancysuggests  that  85  of  uk  arable  farms  are  not  profitable  without  subsidy.  so  if,  as  some  have
__label__controloptimizationautonomy suggested,  a  half  or  twothirds  of  that  subsidy  disappears,  a  lot  of  farms  will  need  a  radical  change  in  their  business  model  in  order  to  stay  afloat.  we  think  we  can  answer  that  problem  quite  effectively.  another  project  to  emerge  from  harper  adams  university,  in  collaboration  with  precision  farming  services  specialist  ,  is  handsfree  hectare,  which  kicked  off  in  november  2016  with  a  simple  goal:  to  grow  and  harvest  a  hectare  of  cereal  crops;  all  without  stepping  a  foot  into  the  field.  the  idea  was  to  leverage  opensource  technology  and  alreadyavailable  smallscale  machinery,  adapting  these  components  in  the  universitys  labs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  autonomous  operation  in  the  field.  a  crop  of  spring  barley  would  be  sown  in  march  2017,  husbanded  via  remote  agronomy  and  autonomous  input  application  between  april  and  july  2017,  and  harvested  in  august/september  2017.  an  autonomous  combineagain,  smaller  and  lighter  than  conventional  farm  machineryharvesting  hfhas  first  crop  in  september  2017.  by  february  2017  the  threestrong  hfha  engineering  team  had  tested  an  automation  system  on  an  allterrain  electric  vehicle  in  the  field,  and  were  ready  to  fit  it  to  the  relatively  small,  light  tractor  selected  for  drilling  and  spraying  the  crop,  along  with  a  laser  scannerbased  safety  system.  by  june,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  autonomous  tractorusing  a  modified  gpsbased  drone  autopilot  systemhad  successfully  applied  preseeding  herbicide  and  drilled  the  field  to  sow  the  spring  barley  seeds.  with  seeds  in  the  ground,  the  next  challenge  was  agronomyusing  a  ground  rover  to  take  soil  and  plant  samples,  and  photos,  and  a  drone  to  capture  multispectral  imagery  to  assess  plant  growth.  various  agrochemicals  fungicides,  herbicides,  and  fertiliser  were  then  applied  based  on  this  data,  and  the  relatively  small,  light  combine  readied  for  autonomous  operation  as  harvest  time  approached.  harvesting  of  hfhas  barley  field  was  completed  by  september,  with  a  yield  of  around  4.5  tonnes  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hectare.  this  project  aimed  to  prove  that  theres  no  technological  reason  why  a  field  cant  be  farmed  without  humans  working  the  land  directly  now  and  weve  done  that,  said  martin  abell,  mechatronics  researcher  for  hfhas  industry  partner  precision  decisions,  in  a  statement.  we  set  out  to  identify  the  opportunities  for  farming  and  to  prove  that  its  possible  to  autonomously  farm  the  land,  and  thats  been  the  great  success  of  the  project,  abell  added.  we  achieved  this  on  an  impressively  low  budget  compared  to  other  projects  looking  at  creating  autonomous  farming  vehicles.  the  whole  project  cost  less  than  200k,  funded  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy precision  decisions  and  innovate  uk.  we  used  machinery  that  was  readily  available  for  farmers  to  buy;  open  source  technology;  and  an  autopilot  from  a  drone  for  the  navigation  system.  the  handsfree  hectare  project  received  plenty  of  media  attention  both  industry  and  mainstream,  leading  to  funding  from  the  agriculture  and  horticulture  development  board  for  a  second  cropthis  time,  of  winter  wheat.  the  goal  for  2017/18  was  to  increase  the  yield  via  more  accurate  groundbased  machinery  and  improved  remote  agronomy;  after  a  weatheraffected  false  start,  the  winter  wheat  was  successfully  drilled  and  sown  in  november  2017.  fertiliser,  fungicide  and  herbicide  were  applied
__label__controloptimizationautonomy through  april/may  2018  and  remote  sensing  carried  out  for  spores  of  yieldreducing  fungal  diseases  of  wheat  specifically,  and  .  the  wheat  was  harvested  in  early  august  2018,  with  an  estimated  yield  via  drone  telemetry  of  6.27.8  tonnes  per  hectare  the  final  figure  turned  out  to  be  6.5t/ha.  all,  again,  without  a  human  setting  foot  on  the  field.  handsfree  hectare  has  won  several  awards,  including  the  future  food  category  at  the  in  june  2018.  agricultural  iot  devices  need  to  send  and  receive  data  over  fast,  reliable  wireless  connections,  which  means  that  the  availability  of  mobile  broadband  in  rural  areas  is  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy critical  factor  if  projects  like  small  robot  company  and  handsfree  hectare  are  to  scale  up.  according  to  ofcoms  ,  4g  services  are  currently  available  in  61  of  the  outdoor  geographic  area  of  england  and  60  of  northern  ireland,  with  wales  25  and  scotland  17  lagging  far  behind  even  this  moderate  coverage.  to  improve  mobile  coverage  in  rural  areas,  ofcom  has  announced  plans  to  impose  bidding  for  700mhz  spectrum  part  of  nextgeneration  mobile  services,  which  will  be  awarded  in  the  second  half  of  2019  and  released  in  2020.  ofcoms  5g  rollout  strategy  is  outlined  in  its  enabling  5g  in  the  uk
__label__controloptimizationautonomy report.  figure  e  click  to  see  a  larger  version.  in  may  2018,  56  mps  from  the  allparty  parliamentary  group  appg  on  rural  services  signed  a  calling  on  matt  hancock,  then  secretary  of  state  for  digital,  culture,  media,  and  sport  at  the  time,  to  ensure  that  95  of  the  uk  gets  mobile  coverage  from  all  four  operatorsthree  uk,  vodafone,  ee,  and  o2by  the  end  of  2022.  the  letter  argued  that  market  forces  are  not  sufficient  to  meet  the  needs  of  rural  areas,  and  that  regulationlegally  binding  coverage  obligation  on  mobile  operatorsis  required.  the  appg  also  expressed  concern  that  ofcoms  700mhz  conditions
__label__controloptimizationautonomy will  fall  short  of  the  95  coverage  ambition  .  as  well  as  rethinking  these  conditions,  the  letter  suggested  that  transparency  rules  be  changed  to  prevent  mobile  operators  hiding  behind  commercial  confidentiality  when  refusing  to  divulge  their  rollout  plans.  its  still  early  days  for  precision  agriculture,  in  the  uk  and  elsewhere.  but  there  are  clearly  huge  opportunities  for  farming  with  small,  lightweight  and  autonomous  equipment  that  does  less  damage  to  the  soil,  is  kinder  to  the  environment  generally,  and  frees  up  agricultural  workers  to  contribute  to  projects  that  add  value  to  the  farms  output.  projects  like  small  robot  company  and  handsfree
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hectare  are  at  the  proofofconcept  stage.  the  next  step  is  to  take  them  to  market  and  scale  them  up.  photo  credit  for  hero  image:  jiraroj  praditcharoenkul/istock  charles  has  been  in  tech  publishing  since  the  late  1980s,  starting  with  reeds  practical  computing,  then  moving  to  ziffdavis  to  help  launch  the  uk  version  of  pc  magazine  in  1992.  zdnet  came  looking  for  a  reviews  editor  in  2000,  and  hes  been  there  e...
__label__controloptimizationautonomy electronic  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  when  we  think  of  internet  of  things  iot  applications,  growing  crops  or  raising  livestock  arent  the  first  visuals  that  come  to  mind.  yet  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  grow  from  5.18  billion  in  2016  to  11.23  billion  by  2022,  according  to  .  that  translates  into  a  compound  annual  growth
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rate  cagr  of  13.27  between  2017  and  2022.  farms  are  becoming  more  connected  as  farmers  realize  the  potential  of  iot  technologies  in  helping  them  minimize  operation  cost  while  still  achieving  better  results.  examples  include  higher  crops,  lower  livestock  losses,  and  less  water  usage.  to  help  improve  farm  performance,  iot  technology  providers  continue  to  develop  platforms  that  can  sense,  process,  and  communicate  precisely  measured  environmental  data.  behind  these  iot  platforms  is  an  array  of  technologies  that  includes  sensing,  microcontrollers,  transmitters,  energy  harvesting,  led  lights,  drones,  and  more.  what  follows  are  three  smart  farming  applications  already  in  play  that  take  advantage  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy these  technology  solutions:  here,  the  iot  allows  the  entire  livestock  environment  to  be  constantly  monitored.  the  user  is  alerted  by  phone,  text,  or  email  if  any  condition  falls  outside  of  a  preset  parameter.  several  systems  containing  some  of  the  elements  of  an  integrated  monitoring  system  are  now  available  commercially  for  swine,  cattle,  broiler,  and  milk  production.  1.  moocall  works  anywhere  in  the  world  with  gsm  signal  courtesy  of  moocall  for  example,  a  company  called  helps  farmers  monitor  pregnant  cows  that  are  preparing  to  give  birth.  a  batterypowered  sensor  detects  motion  associated  with  oncoming  labor  and  then  sends  an  alert  sms
__label__controloptimizationautonomy notification  fig.  1  .  the  battery  lasts  for  up  to  60  days;  the  device  will  send  an  alert  when  the  battery  level  drops  to  15.  the  calving  sensor  is  equipped  with  an  embedded  machinetomachine  m2m  chip  that  can  work  over  different  networks.  another  livestock  monitoring  application  is  .  this  cloudbased  hardware/software  technology  utilizes  energy  harvesting  to  power  sensor  and  communication  platforms  to  remotely  monitor  the  health  status  and  location  of  livestock.  as  a  result,  users  have  access  to  realtime  data  from  their  homes  or  offices  or  by  smartphone.  the  cattlewatch  system  fig.  2  deploys  hub  collars  that  are  placed  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy roughly  2  of  the  cattle.  the  remainder  of  the  herd  is  outfitted  with  collar  units  or  ear  tags  powered  primarily  by  lithium  batteries.  the  hub  collars  feature  miniaturized  photovoltaic  cells  that  harvest  solar  energy,  which  is  then  stored  in  tadiran  tli  series  industrialgrade  lithiumion  liion  rechargeable  batteries.  tli  series  liion  batteries  can  operate  for  up  to  20  years  and  5,000  full  recharge  cycles,  with  an  extended  temperature  range  of  40  to  85c  and  storage  of  up  to  90c.  theyre  able  to  deliver  high  pulses  up  to  15  a  and  5  a  continuous  so  that  the  hub  collars  can  communicate  wirelessly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  the  iridium  satellite  network.  2.  the  cattlewatch  system  even  broadcasts  alerts  if  predatory  animals  or  poachers  are  detected.  courtesy  of  cattlewatch  all  of  the  regular  collars  communicate  with  the  solarpowered  hub  collars  to  create  an  inherd  wireless  mesh  network.  it  provides  valuable,  nearrealtime  insight  regarding  animal  behavior,  including  herd  location,  walking  time,  grazing  time,  resting  time,  water  consumption,  inheat  condition,  and  other  health  events.  the  system  even  broadcasts  alerts  upon  detection  of  predatory  animals  or  poachers.  with  rugged  and  precise  iot  sensors,  farmers  can  collect  data  on  weather,  soil,  air  quality,  and  crop  maturity,  enabling  them  to  make  smarter
__label__controloptimizationautonomy decisions.  for  instance,  a  company  called  uses  data  and  sensor  devices  to  help  farmers  better  understand  water  usage  across  their  fields.  the  company  also  informs  farmers  about  the  amount  of  fertilizer  and  pesticide  needed  by  each  patch  at  specific  times,  automatically  handling  daily  decisions  for  farmers.  algorithms  and  patternrecognition  technology  are  used  to  analyze  the  farmland  and  determine  the  various  elevations  where  they  are  hilly  or  flat.  i  think  that  its  very  important  to  distinguish  between  data  that  is  coming  from  above  the  soil  and  data  coming  from  below,  said  tomer  tzach,  cropx  ceo,  at  the  forbes  agtech  summit.  data
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  above  the  soil  is  coming  from  drones,  satellite  imagery,  pictures  that  are  coming  from  cameras  that  are  put  on  weather  stations,  and  so  forth.  and  when  you  take  imagery,  youre  always  too  little,  too  late  because  by  the  time  you  see  something,  its  already  happening  and  the  plant  is  already  suffering.  its  a  much  bigger  challenge  getting  the  data  out  of  there,  but  i  think  that  the  data  coming  out  of  the  soil  can  be  much  more  useful  in  terms  of  being  predictive.  adi  has  been  working  on  a  very  interesting  project  called  the  internet  of  tomatoes  in  its
__label__controloptimizationautonomy offices  in  wilmington,  mass.  this  precision  agriculture  experiment  leverages  technologies  like  microelectromechanical  systems  mems  and  sensors.  adi  integrates  hardware  solutions  with  a  cloudbased  iot  application  from  thingworx  to  develop  a  complete  solution  for  farmers,  providing  them  with  apps  and  dashboards  built  on  thingworx  to  better  understand  and  implement  improvements.  tractor  manufacturers  like  john  deere  and  case  ih  offer  tractors  to  farmers  that  drive  automatically.  selfdriving  tractors  have  been  in  the  market  for  many  yearseven  longer  than  semiautonomous  cars  on  the  roads.  one  advantage  of  selfdriving  tractors  is  their  ability  to  avoid  reworking  the  same  crop  row  by  reducing  the  overlap
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  less  than  an  inch.  as  a  result,  it  takes  fewer  passes  to  cover  each  field,  therefore  saving  farmers  time  and  money.  in  addition,  they  can  make  very  precise  turns  without  the  driver  even  touching  the  steering  wheel.  full  autonomous  tractors  navigate  using  lasers  that  bounce  signals  off  several  mobile  transponders  located  around  the  field.  with  supervised  tractors,  in  contrast,  a  tractor  is  driven  by  a  person,  but  followed  by  autonomous  machinery.  that  machinery  copies  the  steering  and  speed  of  the  first  tractor.  this  type  of  tractor  offers  the  advantage  of  a  reduction  in  human  errors  when  performing  tasks  like
__label__controloptimizationautonomy spraying  insecticide.  3.  case  ihs  concept  tractor  uses  onboard  video  cameras  and  lidar  light  imaging,  detection  and  ranging  sensors  to  identify  obstacles  in  its  path.  at  the  moment,  no  autonomous  tractors  exist  on  the  marketbut  all  major  tractor  makers  have  them  in  the  works.  for  instance,  fig.  3  planted  soybeans  with  its  concept  autonomous  tractor,  and  is  taking  the  machine  on  a  world  tour  to  put  it  on  display  at  farm  shows.  this  driverless  tractor  wont  be  available  in  the  marketplace  for  at  least  a  few  years.  however,  through  experiments  and  showing  it  to  realworld  farmers,  manufacturers  are  getting  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy better  idea  of  what  features  and  capabilities  are  desired  in  an  autonomous  tractor.  as  advances  push  forward  in  iot  applicationsranging  from  enhanced  batterystorage  technology  to  the  production  of  more  complete  iot  solutions  from  semiconductor  companiesconnected  farms  are  destined  to  become  more  efficient  and  more  productive.  not  every  farmer  agrees  with  using  these  technologies,  despite  the  fact  that  they  offer  real  benefits  to  farmers.  maybe  in  the  future,  as  iot  technologies  mature,  reticent  farmers  will  realize  how  they  can  make  such  solutions  adapt  to  their  specific  needs.  follow  us:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rapid  urbanization,  aging  farm  populations,  and  depleting  rural  labor  resources  pose  serious  threats  to  our  global  food  security.  as  rural  labor  resources  come  under  continued  pressure,  tractors  are  the  answer.  when  available,  tractors  can  work  40x  faster  and  be  significantly  less  expensive  than  offfarm  labor.  most  farmers,  however,  cant  afford  to  own  their  own  tractors  and  most  tractor  servi  rapid  urbanization,  aging  farm  populations,  and  depleting  rural  labor  resources  pose  serious  threats  to  our  global  food  security.  as  rural  labor  resources  come  under  continued  pressure,  tractors  are  the  answer.  when  available,  tractors  can  work  40x  faster  and  be  significantly  less
__label__controloptimizationautonomy expensive  than  offfarm  labor.  most  farmers,  however,  cant  afford  to  own  their  own  tractors  and  most  tractor  service  providers  operate  well  below  their  potential.  hello  tractor  has  developed  a  solution  to  address  these  problems.  the  company  has  developed  a  lowcost  monitoring  device  that  when  placed  on  a  tractor  provides  the  owner  with  powerful  software  and  analytics  tools  to  ensure  tractors  are  both  profitable  and  properly  cared  for.  the  software  connects  tractor  owners  to  farmers  in  need  of  tractor  services  just  like  uber  for  tractors.  hello  tractor  also  works  with  financial  institutions  and  technicians  to  ensure  tractor  owners  have  the  financing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  spare  parts  needed  to  grow  and  protect  their  fleet.  all  of  this  work  is  being  done  to  ensure  that  smallholder  farmers  have  the  resources  they  need  to  adapt  and  thrive  in  a  rapidly  changing  global  agricultural  market.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  versions  include  an  entirely  cabless  concept  case  ih  magnum  and  a  new  holland  t8  nhdrive  concept  tractor,  which  maintains  its  cab  for  operating  flexibility.  aside  from  the  driverless  technology  they  use  a  conventional  engine,  transmission,  chassis  and  implement  couplings.  autosteering  and  telematics  are  already  available  on  todays  tractors  but  autonomous  technology  takes  this  a  significant  stage  further.  based  on  the  existing  case  ih  magnum  and  new  holland  t8  highhorsepower  conventional  tractors,  and  using  gps  in  conjunction  with  satellite  correction  signals  for  guidance  as  well  as  recording  and  transmission  of  field  data,  the  companys  autonomous  tractor  concept  has  been  designed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  allow  remote  deployment,  monitoring  and  control  of  the  machines.  the  process  of  operating  either  tractor  begins  with  inputting  field  boundary  maps  into  the  system  and  then  using  integrated  path  planning  software  to  plot  the  most  efficient  field  paths  for  machines.  the  system  automatically  accounts  for  implement  widths  and  also  plots  the  most  efficient  paths  when  working  with  multiple  machines,  including  those  operating  with  different  implement  widths  and  with  varying  operating  requirements.  the  machine  and  implement  can  be  monitored  and  controlled  either  via  a  desktop  computer  or  via  a  portable  tablet  interface,  which  can  both  display  three  operating  screens.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pathplotting  screen  shows  the  tractors  progress,  another  shows  its  live  camera  feeds,  providing  the  user  with  up  to  four  real  time  views  two  front  and  two  rear,  while  a  further  screen  enables  monitoring  and  modification  of  key  machine  and  implement  parameters  such  as  engine  speed,  fuel  levels  and  implement  settings  seeding  rate  or  planter  downforce,  for  example.  according  to  cnh,  both  designs  feature  a  complete  sensing  and  perception  package,  which  includes  radar,  lidar  and  video  cameras  to  ensure  obstacles  or  obstructions  in  the  tractors  path  or  that  of  the  implement  are  detected  and  avoided.  if  an  object  is  detected  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  tractors  path,  visual  and  audio  warnings  appear  on  the  control  interface,  which  offers  a  choice  of  how  the  tractor  should  respond:  by  waiting  for  human  intervention,  driving  around  the  obstacle  using  either  a  manually  or  automatically  plotted  path  or  driving  onwards.  cnh  also  predicts  that  in  the  future  these  concept  tractors  will  be  able  to  use  big  data  such  as  real  time  weather  satellite  information  to  automatically  make  best  use  of  ideal  conditions,  independent  of  human  input,  regardless  of  the  time  of  day.  for  more  on  the  future  of  farming,  find  out  why  .  recommended  for  you  iot  101
__label__controloptimizationautonomy there  are  more  humans  alive  on  earth  right  now  than  ever  before7.3  billionand  that  number  is  still  growing,  with  that  it  will  reach  9.7  billion  by  2050.  a  population  of  this  magnitude  brings  a  lot  of  challenges,  food  production  chief  among  them.  the  un  food  and  agriculture  organization  predicts  that  we  need  to  boost  worldwide  food  production  by  70  percent  over  the  next  several  decades  in  order  to  feed  the  anticipated  population  of  2050.  ramping  up  production  to  that  degree  isnt  easy,  but  the  engineers  and  farmers  of  today  are  working  together  to  create  a  technological  solution:  precision  agriculture  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  smart  farm.  agriculture  is  the  oldest  human  industry,  but  its  certainly  no  stranger  to  technological  change.  the  industrial  revolutions  of  the  19  and  20  centuries  replaced  handheld  tools  and  horsedrawn  plows  with  gasoline  engines  and  chemical  fertilizers.  now,  were  on  the  verge  of  witnessing  another  fundamental  shift  in  agriculture  thanks  to  a  .  smart  farming  and  precision  agriculture  involve  the  integration  of  advanced  technologies  into  existing  farming  practices  in  order  to  increase  production  efficiency  and  the  quality  of  agricultural  products.  as  an  added  benefit,  they  also  improve  the  quality  of  life  for  farm  workers  by  reducing  heavy  labor  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tedious  tasks.  what  will  a  farm  look  like  in  50  to  100  years?  is  the  question  posed  by  david  slaughter,  a  professor  of  biological  and  environmental  engineering  at  .  we  have  to  address  population  growth,  climate  change  and  labor  issues,  and  that  has  brought  a  lot  of  interest  to  technology.  just  about  every  aspect  of  farming  can  benefit  from  technological  advancementsfrom  planting  and  watering  to  crop  health  and  harvesting.  most  of  the  current  and  impending  agricultural  technologies  fall  into  three  categories  that  are  expected  to  become  the  pillars  of  the  smart  farm:  autonomous  robots,  drones  or  uavs,  and  sensors  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things  iot.  how  are  these  technologies  already  changing  agriculture,  and  what  new  changes  will  they  bring  in  the  future?  replacing  human  labor  with  automation  is  a  growing  trend  across  multiple  industries,  and  agriculture  is  no  exception.  most  aspects  of  farming  are  exceptionally  laborintensive,  with  much  of  that  labor  comprised  of  repetitive  and  standardized  tasksan  ideal  niche  for  robotics  and  automation.  were  already  seeing  agricultural  robotsor  agbotsbeginning  to  appear  on  farms  and  performing  tasks  ranging  from  planting  and  watering,  to  harvesting  and  sorting.  eventually,  this  new  wave  of  smart  equipment  will  make  it  possible  to  produce  more  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy higher  quality  food  with  less  manpower.  the  tractor  is  the  heart  of  a  farm,  used  for  many  different  tasks  depending  on  the  type  of  farm  and  the  configuration  of  its  ancillary  equipment.  as  ,  tractors  are  expected  to  become  some  of  the  earliest  machines  to  be  converted.  in  the  early  stages,  human  effort  will  still  be  required  to  set  up  field  and  boundary  maps,  program  the  best  field  paths  using  path  planning  software,  and  decide  other  operating  conditions.  humans  will  also  still  be  required  for  regular  repair  and  maintenance.  nevertheless,  autonomous  tractors  will  become  more  capable  and  selfsufficient  over  time,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy especially  with  the  inclusion  of  additional  cameras  and  machine  vision  systems,  gps  for  navigation,  iot  connectivity  to  enable  remote  monitoring  and  operation  and  radar  and  lidar  for  object  detection  and  avoidance.  all  of  these  technological  advancements  will  significantly  diminish  the  need  for  humans  to  actively  control  these  machines.  according  to  ,  a  company  that  specializes  in  farm  equipment  and  previewed  a  in  2016,  in  the  future,  these  concept  tractors  will  be  able  to  use  big  data  such  as  realtime  weather  satellite  information  to  automatically  make  the  best  use  of  ideal  conditions,  independent  of  human  input,  and  regardless  of  the  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  day.  image  courtesy  of  cema.  sowing  seeds  was  once  a  laborious  manual  process.  modern  agriculture  improved  on  that  with  seeding  machines,  which  can  cover  more  ground  much  faster  than  a  human.  however,  these  often  use  a  scatter  method  that  can  be  inaccurate  and  wasteful  when  seeds  fall  outside  of  the  optimal  location.  effective  seeding  requires  control  over  two  variables:  planting  seeds  at  the  correct  depth,  and  spacing  plants  at  the  appropriate  distance  apart  to  allow  for  optimal  growth.  precision  seeding  equipment  is  designed  to  maximize  these  variables  every  time.  combining  geomapping  and  sensor  data  detailing  soil  quality,  density,  moisture
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  nutrient  levels  takes  a  lot  of  the  guesswork  out  of  the  seeding  process.  seeds  have  the  best  chance  to  sprout  and  grow  and  the  overall  crop  will  have  a  greater  harvest.  as  farming  moves  into  the  future,  existing  precision  seeders  will  come  together  with  autonomous  tractors  and  iotenabled  systems  that  feed  information  back  to  the  farmer.  an  entire  field  could  be  planted  this  way,  with  only  a  single  human  monitoring  the  process  over  a  video  feed  or  digital  control  dashboard  on  a  computer  or  tablet,  while  multiple  machines  roll  across  the  field.  subsurface  drip  irrigation  sdi  is  already  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy prevalent  irrigation  method  that  allows  farmers  to  control  when  and  how  much  water  their  crops  receive.  by  pairing  these  sdi  systems  with  increasingly  sophisticated  iotenabled  sensors  to  continuously  monitor  moisture  levels  and  plant  health,  farmers  will  be  able  to  intervene  only  when  necessary,  otherwise  allowing  the  system  to  operate  autonomously.  while  sdi  systems  arent  exactly  robotic,  they  could  operate  completely  autonomously  in  a  smart  farm  context,  relying  on  data  from  sensors  deployed  around  the  fields  to  perform  irrigation  as  needed.  weeding  and  pest  control  are  both  critical  aspects  of  plant  maintenance  and  tasks  that  are  perfect  for  autonomous  robots.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy few  prototypes  are  already  being  developed,  including  from  deepfield  robotics,  and  an  automated  cultivator  that  is  part  of  the  research  initiative.  the  bonirob  robot  is  about  the  size  of  a  car  and  can  navigate  autonomously  through  a  field  of  crops  using  video,  lidar  and  satellite  gps.  its  developers  are  using  machine  learning  to  teach  the  bonirob  to  identify  weeds  before  removing  them.  with  advanced  machine  learning,  or  even  ai  being  integrated  in  the  future,  machines  such  as  this  could  entirely  replace  the  need  for  humans  to  manually  weed  or  monitor  crops.  the  uc  davis  prototype  operates  a  bit  differently.  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cultivator  is  towed  behind  a  tractor  and  is  equipped  with  imaging  systems  that  can  identify  a  fluorescent  dye  that  the  seeds  are  coated  with  when  planted,  and  which  transfers  to  the  young  plants  as  they  sprout  and  start  to  grow.  the  cultivator  then  cuts  out  the  nonglowing  weeds.  while  these  examples  are  robots  designed  for  weeding,  the  same  base  machine  can  be  equipped  with  sensors,  cameras  and  sprayers  to  identify  pests  and  application  of  insecticides.  these  robots,  and  others  like  them,  will  not  be  operating  in  isolation  on  farms  of  the  future.  they  will  be  connected  to  autonomous  tractors  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  iot,  enabling  the  whole  operation  to  practically  run  itself.  harvesting  depends  on  knowing  when  the  crops  are  ready,  working  around  the  weather  and  completing  the  harvest  in  the  limited  window  of  time  available.  there  are  a  wide  variety  of  machines  currently  in  use  for  crop  harvesting,  many  of  which  would  be  suitable  for  automation  in  the  future.  traditional  combine,  forage,  and  specialty  harvesters  could  immediately  benefit  from  autonomous  tractor  technology  to  traverse  the  fields.  add  in  more  sophisticated  tech  with  sensors  and  iot  connectivity,  and  the  machines  could  automatically  begin  the  harvest  as  soon  as  conditions  are  ideal,  freeing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  farmer  for  other  tasks.  developing  technology  capable  of  delicate  harvest  work,  like  picking  fruit  from  trees  or  vegetables  such  as  tomatoes,  is  where  hightech  farms  will  really  shine.  engineers  are  working  to  create  the  right  robotic  components  for  these  sophisticated  tasks,  such  as  panasonics  which  incorporates  sophisticated  cameras  and  algorithms  to  identify  a  tomatos  color,  shape  and  location  to  determine  its  ripeness.  this  robot  picks  tomatoes  by  the  stem  to  avoid  bruising,  but  other  engineers  are  trying  to  design  robotic  end  effectors  that  will  be  capable  of  gently  griping  fruit  and  vegetables  tight  enough  to  harvest,  but  not  so
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hard  that  they  cause  damage.  another  prototype  for  fruit  picking  is  the  vacuumpowered  apple  picking  robot  by  ,  which  uses  computer  vision  to  locate  apples  on  the  tree  and  determine  if  they  are  ready  to  harvest.  these  are  only  a  few  of  the  dozens  of  upandcoming  robotic  designs  that  will  soon  take  over  harvesting  labor.  once  again,  with  the  backbone  of  a  robust  iot  system,  these  agbots  could  continuously  patrol  fields,  check  on  plants  with  their  sensors  and  harvest  ripe  crops  as  appropriate.  the  core  concept  of  incorporating  autonomous  robotics  into  agriculture  remains  the  goal  of  reducing  reliance  on  manual
__label__controloptimizationautonomy labour,  while  increasing  efficiency,  product  yield  and  quality.  unlike  their  forebears,  whose  time  was  mostly  taken  up  by  heavy  labor,  the  farmers  of  the  future  will  spend  their  time  performing  tasks  such  as  repairing  machinery,  debugging  robot  coding,  analyzing  data  and  planning  farm  operations.  as  noted  with  all  of  these  agbots,  having  a  robust  backbone  of  sensors  and  iot  built  into  the  farms  infrastructure  is  essential.  the  key  to  a  truly  smart  farm  relies  on  the  ability  of  all  the  machines  and  sensors  being  able  to  communicate  with  each  other  and  with  the  farmer,  even  as  they  operate  autonomously.  what
__label__controloptimizationautonomy farmer  wouldnt  want  a  birds  eye  view  of  their  fields?  where  once  this  required  hiring  a  helicopter  or  small  aircraft  pilot  to  fly  over  a  property  taking  aerial  photographs,  drones  equipped  with  cameras  can  now  produce  the  same  images  at  a  fraction  of  the  cost.  in  addition,  advances  in  imaging  technologies  mean  that  youre  no  longer  limited  to  visible  light  and  still  photography.  camera  systems  are  available  spanning  everything  from  standard  photographic  imaging,  to  infrared,  ultraviolet  and  even  hyperspectral  imaging.  many  of  these  cameras  can  also  record  video.  image  resolution  across  all  these  imaging  methods  has  increased,  as  well,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  value  of  high  in  high  resolution  continues  to  rise.  all  these  different  imaging  types  enable  farmers  to  collect  more  detailed  data  than  ever  before,  enhancing  their  capabilities  for  monitoring  crop  health,  assessing  soil  quality  and  planning  planting  locations  to  optimize  resources  and  land  use.  being  able  to  regularly  perform  these  field  surveys  improves  planning  for  seed  planting  patterns,  irrigation  and  location  mapping  in  both  2d  and  3d.  with  all  this  data,  farmers  can  optimize  every  aspect  of  their  land  and  crop  management.  but  it  isnt  just  cameras  and  imaging  capabilities  making  a  droneassisted  impact  in  the  agricultural  spheredrones  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy also  seeing  use  in  planting  and  spraying.  prototype  drones  are  being  built  and  tested  for  use  in  seeding  and  planting  to  replace  the  need  for  manual  labor.  for  example,  several  companies  and  researchers  are  working  on  drones  that  can  use  compressed  air  to  fire  capsules  containing  seed  pods  with  fertilizer  and  nutrients  directly  into  the  ground.  and  are  two  such  companies,  both  of  which  are  developing  drones  that  can  carry  a  module  that  fires  tree  seeds  into  the  ground  at  optimal  locations.  while  currently  designed  for  reforestation  projects,  its  not  hard  to  imagine  that  the  modules  could  be  reconfigured  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy suit  various  agricultural  seeds.  with  iot  and  software  for  autonomous  operation,  a  fleet  of  drones  could  complete  extremely  precise  planting  into  the  ideal  conditions  for  growth  of  each  crop,  increasing  the  changes  for  faster  growth  and  a  higher  crop  yield.  dji  agras  mg1  crop  spraying  drone.  image  courtesy  of  dji.  there  are  also  drones  currently  available  and  in  development  for  crop  spraying  applications,  offering  the  chance  to  automate  yet  another  laborintensive  task.  using  a  combination  of  gps,  laser  measurement  and  ultrasonic  positioning,  cropspraying  drones  can  adapt  to  altitude  and  location  easily,  adjusting  for  variables  such  as  wind  speed,  topography  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy geography.  this  enables  the  drones  to  perform  crop  spraying  tasks  more  efficiently,  and  with  greater  accuracy  and  less  waste.  for  example,  dji  offers  a  drone  called  designed  specifically  for  agricultural  crop  spraying,  with  a  tank  capacity  of  2.6  gallons  10  liters  of  liquid  pesticide,  herbicide  or  fertilizer,  and  a  flight  range  of  seven  to  ten  acres  per  hour.  microwave  radar  enables  this  drone  to  maintain  correct  distance  from  the  crops  and  ensure  even  coverage.  according  to  dji,  it  can  operate  automatically,  semiautomatic  or  manual.  working  in  conjunction  with  other  agbots,  crops  identified  as  being  in  need  of  special  attention  could
__label__controloptimizationautonomy receive  a  personalized  visit  from  the  nearest  drone  at  the  first  sign  of  trouble.  being  able  to  provide  individualized  attention  to  any  part  of  the  field  as  soon  as  its  needed  could  help  to  stop  many  problems  before  they  spread.  one  of  the  most  useful  tasks  drones  can  take  on  is  remote  monitoring  and  analysis  of  fields  and  crops.  imagine  the  benefits  of  using  a  small  fleet  of  drones  instead  of  a  team  of  workers  spending  hours  on  their  feet  or  in  a  vehicle  travelling  back  and  forth  across  the  field  to  visually  check  crop  conditions.  this  is  where  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  farm  is  essential,  as  all  this  data  needs  to  be  seen  to  be  useful.  farmers  can  review  the  data,  and  only  make  personal  trips  out  into  the  fields  when  there  is  a  specific  issue  that  needs  their  attention,  rather  than  wasting  time  and  effort  by  tending  to  healthy  plants.  given  that  drones  for  agricultural  use  are  still  early  in  their  evolution,  there  are  a  few  downsides.  ranges  and  flight  times  are  not  as  robust  as  many  farms  would  needcurrently,  even  the  longest  running  drones  max  out  at  around  an  hour  of  flight  time  before  needing  to  return  and  recharge.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  capital  expenses  are  also  still  quite  high,  as  much  as  25,000  usd  per  drone  for  something  like  the  .  less  expensive  models  exist,  but  they  may  not  come  with  the  necessary  imaging  or  spraying  equipment.  innovative,  autonomous  agbots  and  drones  are  useful,  but  what  will  really  make  the  future  farm  a  smart  farm  will  be  what  brings  all  this  tech  together:  the  internet  of  things.  the  iot  has  become  a  bit  of  a  catchall  term  for  the  idea  of  having  computers,  machines,  equipment  and  devices  of  all  types  connected  to  each  other,  exchange  data,  and  communicating  in  ways  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy enable  them  to  operate  as  a  socalled  smart  system.  were  already  seeing  iot  technologies  in  use  in  many  ways,  such  as  smart  home  devices  and  digital  assistants,  and  smart  medical  devices.  smart  farms  will  have  sensors  embedded  throughout  every  stage  of  the  farming  process,  and  on  every  piece  of  equipment.  sensors  set  up  across  the  fields  will  collect  data  on  light  levels,  soil  conditions,  irrigation,  air  quality  and  weather.  that  data  will  go  back  to  the  farmer,  or  directly  to  agbots  in  the  field.  teams  of  robots  will  traverse  the  fields  and  work  autonomously  to  respond  to  the  needs  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy crops,  and  perform  weeding,  watering,  pruning  and  harvesting  functions  guided  by  their  own  collection  of  sensors,  navigation  and  crop  data.  drones  will  tour  the  sky,  getting  the  birds  eye  view  of  plant  health  and  soil  conditions,  or  generating  maps  that  will  guide  the  robots,  and  help  the  human  farmers  to  plan  for  the  farms  next  steps.  all  of  this  will  help  create  higher  crop  production,  and  an  increased  availability  and  quality  of  food.  shared  their  predictions  that  iot  devices  installed  in  agriculture  will  increase  from  30  million  in  2015  up  to  75  million  by  2020.  under  this  trend,  connected  farms
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  expected  to  generate  as  many  as  4.1  million  data  points  each  day  in  2050up  from  a  mere  190,000  in  2014.  this  mountain  of  data  and  other  information  generated  by  farming  technology,  and  the  connectivity  enabling  it  to  be  shared,  will  be  the  backbone  of  the  future  smart  farm.  farmers  will  be  able  to  see  all  aspects  of  their  operationwhich  plants  are  healthy  or  need  attention,  where  a  field  needs  water,  what  the  harvesters  are  doingand  make  informed  decisions.  and  this  discussion  has  only  touched  on  the  tip  of  the  proverbial  iceberg  with  the  focus  on  vegetative  crops;  there  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  equal  groundswell  of  smart  technology  adoption  for  animal  husbandry,  and  many  more  drones  and  robots  for  every  aspect  of  farming.  if  every  farm  in  the  country  becomes  a  smart  farm,  reaching  that  70  percent  increase  in  food  production  is  a  certainty.  what  agricultural  technologies  are  you  looking  forward  to?  comment  below.  recommended  for  you  recommended  for  you  copyright  2019  engineering.com,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  registration  on  or  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  iowa  technology  company  has  unlocked  the  tremendous  potential  for  automation  in  agriculture  by  developing  the  first  cloudbased  platform  for  driverless  tractors,  according  to  a  press  release  from  agpr.  smart  ag  officials  in  ames  announced  today  they  are  releasing  on  a  limited  basis,  the  first  application  for  the  platform,  called  autocart.  this  software  application  fully  automates  a  grain  cart  tractor,  which  provide  farmers  much  needed  assistance  during  the  demanding  harvest  season.  colin  hurd,  the  founder  and  ceo  of  smart  ag,  said  the  innovative  technology  will  allow  farmers  to  automate  their  existing  equipment  and  maximize  its  efficiency  and  capacity  regardless  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy manufacturer.  farming  should  no  longer  be  defined  by  what  the  equipment  industry  decides  is  better  or  more  profitable.  we  believe  agriculture  is  best  when  farmers  have  choices,  hurd  said.  the  best  way  to  improve  our  customers  operational  capacity  is  to  enable  them  to  use  automation  and  driverless  technology  on  their  farms.  with  the  correct  technology  and  knowledge,  farmers  can  do  the  seemingly  impossible.  over  two  years  in  development,  autocart,  along  with  the  tractor  automation  kit,  is  a  plugandplay  system  that  automates  existing  grain  cart  tractors  and  is  compatible  with  any  brand  or  combination  of  brands.  the  system  allows  a  combine
__label__controloptimizationautonomy operator  to  set  staging  and  unloading  locations  in  a  field,  adjust  speed,  monitor  location  and  command  the  grain  cart  to  sync  precisely  to  the  speed  and  direction  of  the  combine.  after  it  is  loaded,  the  autocart  automatically  returns  to  an  unloading  point  elsewhere  in  the  field.  according  to  hurd,  the  autocart  application  provides  a  solution  to  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  facing  every  farmer  critical  labor  shortages  during  harvest.  he  said  smart  ags  driverless  tractor  technology  empowers  farmers  to  leave  the  cab  and  complete  their  operations  faster  and  with  less  labor  than  ever  before.  autocart  performs  the  same  function  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  driver,  only  it  is  more  profitable,  more  reliable  and  safer,  hurd  added.  our  technology  has  the  potential  to  bring  significant  change  to  u.s.  crop  production  through  improved  productivity,  profitability  and  safety.  smart  ag  recently  completed  a  comprehensive  beta  test  of  autocart  on  midwest  farms  during  the  corn  and  soybean  harvest.  one  of  those  test  sites  was  kyle  mehmens  fifthgeneration  mbs  family  farms  near  plainfield,  ia.  the  autocart  system  performed  extremely  well  for  us  during  our  corn  harvest,  and  i  fully  expect  it  to  be  a  game  changer  for  agriculture,  mehmen  said.  these  are  the  kind  of  technologies  that  were
__label__controloptimizationautonomy going  to  adopt  on  our  farm  one  way  or  the  other.  its  simply  a  matter  of  when  and  which  ones.  the  autocart  technology  is  now  available  on  a  firstcome,  firstserved  basis  through  the  smart  ag  website:  www.smartag.com.  hurd  said  that  the  cost  of  the  system  is  comparable  to  retrofitting  a  sprayer  or  planter  with  precision  technology.  about  smart  ag  based  in  ames,  ia,  smart  ag  is  an  investorbacked  technology  company  developing  autonomous  farming  solutions  for  row  crop  agriculture.  the  company  was  founded  in  2015  and  is  offering  aftermarket  retrofit  kits  to  automate  farm  equipment,  as  well  as  a  platform  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connect,  manage,  and  safely  operate  autonomous  agricultural  machinery.smart  ag  is  led  by  successful  ag  entrepreneur  colin  hurd  and  former  john  deere  isg  and  ag  leader  manager  mark  barglof.  grassi  is  field  editor  for  ,  croplife  iron,  and  precisionag  magazines.  he  joined  the  staff  in  february  2012.  2019  meister  media  worldwide
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things  iot  is  bringing  so  many  changes  to  various  industries  that  its  hard  to  keep  up.  but  do  you  want  to  know  where  the  real  innovation  in  is  happening?  agriculture.  together  with  artificial  intelligence  ai,  iot  is  ushering  in  a  new  renaissance  in  the  field  literally.  and  its  just  in  time.  in  a  recent  interview  with  iot  for  all  ,  chris  penrose,  atts  president  of  iot  solutions,  discussed  where  he  sees  iot  heading  in  2019:  weve  been  doing  iot  for  10  years  now  at  att.  we  deal  with  nearly  every  vertical  /  industry  on  the  planet.  connected
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cars  are  definitely  a  huge  space  for  us,  but  where  were  seeing  even  earlier  adoption  of  these  autonomous  technologies  is  in  the  agriculture  space.  that  answer  may  be  a  surprise,  but  its  a  welcome  one.  by  2050,  the  agriculture  industry  will  have  to  support  the  needs  of  worldwide.  and  besides  this  exponential  population  growth,  there  are  a  plethora  of  other  factors  to  consider:  environmental  challenges  and  drastic  weather  pattern  changes  are  just  a  few.  with  these  obstacles  in  mind,  its  easy  to  see  how  farmers  will  need  all  the  help  they  can  get.  the  issues  staring  down  the  agriculture  industry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy could  easily  come  to  define  our  future  if  theyre  not  dealt  with  appropriately.  fortunately,  iot  is  helping  us  pave  the  way  toward  a  better  tomorrow.  lets  take  a  look  at  how  iot  is  bringing  the  future  of  farming  to  us  today.  selfdriving  cars  have  been  dominating  headlines  for  a  while.  but  if  you  ask  penrose  where  the  real  innovation  in  autonomous  vehicles  is  occurring,  hed  point  you  in  the  direction  of  the  nearest  farm:  tractors  and  farm  equipment,  heavy  machinery  for  things  like  mining,  drones,  and  robots  will  lead  the  first  wave  of  automation  theywill  provide  an  early  proving  ground
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  will  pave  the  way  for  mass  automation  in  the  future.  when  you  think  about  it,  this  actually  makes  complete  sense.  farms  are  generally  confined  and  isolated  away  from  vehicles  and  pedestrians.  this  lack  of  interference  makes  these  open  acres  prime  real  estate  to  test  out  plotting,  fertilizing,  and  plowing  by  autonomous  tractors.  besides  this,  farmers  are  just  like  anyone  elsewith  only  24  hours  in  a  day,  theres  only  so  much  time  they  can  really  dedicate  to  driving  these  vehicles.  automating  tractors  and  other  heavy  machinery  would  unlock  unparalleled  efficiency  by  increasing  the  amount  of  time  they  could  operate.  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy top  of  this,  autonomous  tractors  can  also  apply  their  machine  precision  to  complete  tasks  more  effectively.  utahbased  asi  robotics  and  cnh  industrial  are  collaborating  to  construct  tractors  that  utilize  pathgenerating  algorithms  to  find  patterns  that  would  yield  the  most  efficient  area  coverage.  besides  crops,  many  commercial  farmers  are  also  tasked  with  managing  legions  of  livestock.  since  these  commodities  are  living,  breathing,  and  moving,  monitoring  them  is  quite  a  bit  more  difficult  than  produce.  you  not  only  have  to  worry  about  their  health  but  their  location  as  well.  and  how  well  farmers  do  this  can  often  determine  the  success  of  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy businesses.  iot  solution  providers  such  as  telit  are  introducing  new  paradigms  to  make  livestock  management  much  easier.  farmers  simply  equip  each  of  their  animals  with  wearables  that  contain  embedded  connected  sensors.  while  sensor  capabilities  vary  from  one  supplier  to  the  next,  they  can  usually  monitor  various  health  metrics  such  as  blood  pressure,  heart  rate,  temperature,  respiratory  rate,  and  digestion.  locationwise,  these  sensors  can  track  an  animal  down  to  a  few  steps.  this  data  allows  farmers  to  find  lost  or  sick  animals  faster.  and  when  analyzed,  it  can  elucidate  optimal  grazing  patterns  as  well  as  solutions  to  potential  problems  plaguing  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy whole  herd.  around  the  world,  the  bee  population  has  been  declining  for  quite  some  time  now.  iot  offers  some  opportunities  to  help  farmers  bolster  their  bee  colonies.  portuguese  company  apis  has  created  bapp,  a  webbased  platform  that  enables  beekeepers  to  monitor  their  hives  remotely  and  assess  bee  population  health  through  data  analysis.  besides  streamlining  project  management  for  beekeepers,  bapp  can  also  be  coupled  with  the  companys  smart  hive  package.  this  set  of  hardware  comes  with  a  cork  to  regulate  hive  temperatures  as  well  as  a  gate  that  can  count  bees  as  they  depart  from  and  return  to  the  colony.  last
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but  not  least,  the  hives  are  equipped  with  apiss  hive  monitor,  a  tool  that  transmits  hive  data  to  the  cloud.  after  being  analyzed,  this  data  can  help  beekeepers  tailor  their  colonies  schedules  for  optimal  results.  the  introduction  of  these  various  iot  technologies  marks  the  beginning  of  a  new  era  for  agriculture:  welcome  to  the  age  of  precision  farming.  heres  how  remi  schmaltz,  cofounder  and  ceo  of  decisive  farming,  describes  it:  everything  that  makes  the  practice  of  farming  more  accurate  and  controlled  when  it  comes  to  the  growing  of  crops  and  raising  livestock.  next  time  youre  at  a  farm,  take  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy look  around.  whether  its  the  crops,  livestock,  bees,  or  greenhouses,  you  may  find  wireless  sensors  hard  at  work  connecting  the  dots  between  seemingly  disparate  data.  for  farmers,  these  sensors  are  providing  deeper  insight  into  how  they  can  operate  more  efficiently  and  drive  down  costs.  for  everyone  else,  well  they  may  just  end  up  being  the  reason  we  all  have  food  on  the  table  in  the  near  future.  what  are  your  thoughts  on  precision  farming  and  iots  place  in  agriculture?  what  unique  ways  do  you  think  this  technology  could  be  applied?  let  us  know  in  the  comments  your  email  address  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agriculture  is  undergoing  a  renaissance.  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  are  enabling  farmers  to  manage  crops  and  livestock  more  reliably  and  efficiently.  autonomous  farming  equipment,  livestock  monitoring  systems,  and  precision  farming  solutions  are  empowering  farmers  to  feed  our  increasingly  hungry  and  environmentally  unstable  world.  ,  president  of  iot  solutions  at  att  iotenabled  livestock  management  solutions,  such  as  ,  are  transforming  the  livestock  management  paradigm.  livestock  management  iot  solutions  often  involve  embedding  connected  sensors  into  livestock  wearables  in  order  to  monitor  heart  rate,  blood  pressure,  respiratory  rate,  temperature,  and  even  digestion.  these  sensors  can  also  track  an  animals  location  to  help  find
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ver  1.3  billion  tons  of  food  produced  is  wasted  each  year.  in  fact,  around  17  of  food  never  even  leaves  the  farmfailed  crops,  blemished  fruits  and  spoiled  meat  all  end  up  in  the  bin.  at  transportation  stage  a  further  16  is  lost.  this  all  translates  into  a  huge  loss  of  potential  revenue  for  farmers,  increased  strain  on  an  already  stretched  environment  and  added  cost  for  consumers  at  the  till.  and  weve  not  even  factored  in  wastage  in  the  shops  and  at  home.  in  a  world  that  sees  nations  and  societies  struggling  with  famine,  poverty  and  drought,  something  needs  to  changeand
__label__controloptimizationautonomy needs  to  change  quickly.  the  food  and  agriculture  organisation  predicts  that  to  meet  demand  by  2050.  to  the  rescue  comes  the  internet  of  things  iotthe  global  saviour.  often  banded  around  as  the  core  to  smart  cities,  judging  by  early  adoption  it  seems  more  likely  to  lead  to  smart  countrysides.  the  internet  of  things  is  essentially  a  network  of  devices  embedded  with  sensors  and  connectivity  for  data  exchange.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  but  can  that  help  farmers?  could  alexa  tell  old  mcdonald  when  his  peaches  are  turning  mouldy?  could  daisy  become  the  smart  dairy  cowmore  productive  and  reproductive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  biomarkers  and  telemetric  analysis?  yes,  yes  and  yes.  in  fact,  these  technologies  already  exist.  click  to  enlarge  by  moocall  dutch  agricultural  innovation  specialist,  ,  has  been  working  on  robotic  milking  systems  for  around  25  years.  cows  choose  when  they  want  to  be  milked,  in  the  absence  of  human  supervision.  the  latest  developments  can  now  automatically  ,  at  source.  action  can  then  be  taken  to  remedy  and  avoid  potential  contamination  of  larger  batches  further  down  the  production  chain.  plant  and  soil  monitoring  has  serious  potential  to  provide  high  return  on  investment  for  arable  farmers.  key  iot  advances  already  in  action
__label__controloptimizationautonomy include  sensors  for  soil  moisture,  nutrients  and  air  quality.  these  sensors  can  control  water  usage  for  optimal  plant  growth  and  efficiency,  help  determine  fertiliser  requirements  based  on  soil  chemistry,  optimise  planting  and  harvesting  scheduling  and  keep  an  eye  on  the  weather.  click  to  enlarge  key  topics  and  subtopic  word  wheel  for  soil  analysis  patents  source:  by  harnessing  the  power  of  mesh  network  technology,  multiple  devices  can  relay  information  back  to  a  central  huballowing  remote  effective  communication  over  large  areas  of  open  land.  interdigital,  intel  and  qualcomm  are  just  a  few  of  the  big  names  developing  tech  to  improve  narrow  band
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  networks.  click  to  enlarge  cell  graph  of  keyword  density  for  players  developing  wireless  mesh  networks  source:  click  to  enlarge  john  deeres  patent  autonomous  vehicles  might  be  the  future  on  the  roads,  but  selfdriving  tractors  have  been  doing  the  rounds  for  years.  using  gps  navigation  technology  and  built  in  sensors,  companies  like  and  are  developing  these  groundbreaking  machines.  these  autonomous  tractors  and  combine  harvesters  can  provide  exceptional  accuracy  in  planting  reducing  seed  cost  and  free  up  workers  for  other  tasks  redeploying  staff  for  efficiency.  plus,  they  wont  need  a  toilet  break  every  few  hours.  they  could  also  potentially  allow  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy work  to  continue  after  darkincreasing  the  working  day,  particularly  useful  over  winter.  click  to  enlarge  caterpillar  and  john  deere  and  leaders  in  autonomous  tractor  patenting  source:  obviously  fullyautonomous  tractors  are  going  to  need  a  bit  of  trust  to  be  set  off  on  their  ownthe  potential  risks  of  unsupervised  farm  machinery  needs  to  be  mitigated.  for  now,  human  monitoring  is  required,  but  this  is  likely  to  change  once  autonomous  vehicles  start  to  make  their  way  onto  our  roads.  the  automation  and  controls  iot  integrations  provide  can  also  ensure  that  produce  is  kept  in  optimal  condition  along  the  entire  food  chain  including
__label__controloptimizationautonomy storage  and  transportationbut  it  isnt  a  failsafe.  crops  and  animal  produce,  under  the  watchful  eye  of  innovative  multidevice  tracking/monitoring  systems,  will  benefit  from  indepth  analytics.  understanding  the  analytics  and  building  a  reliable  failureprediction  setup  are  essential  next  steps.  maintaining  observations  and  having  controls  in  place  allow  for  risks  to  be  effectively  monitored  and  minimisedfrom  farm  to  fork.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  email  address  2017  patsnap  all  rights  reserved
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agricultural  practices  will  need  to  continue  to  develop  and  become  more  efficient,  if  the  findings  of  recent  research  pieces  are  anything  to  go  by.  for  instance,  pwc  has  reported  on  expert  views  that  agricultural  consumption  will  need  to  increase  by  close  to  70  per  cent  by  2050  to  account  for  the  worlds  growing  population  projected  to  hit  9  billion  people  in  the  same  year.  while  not  as  high,  the  world  bank  has  predicted  that  those  across  the  globe  will  need  to  produce  50  per  cent  more  food  by  2050  should  global  population  continue  to  rise  at  its  current  pace.  fortunately,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  is  constantly  advancing,  with  various  developments  being  made  to  aid  the  agricultural  industry.  two  main  areas  of  interest  are  that  of  drones  and  autonomous  vehicles  this  guide  sets  out  how  each  could  assist  farmers  in  the  future.  drones  have  become  a  very  lucrative  market,  with  global  market  revenue  from  the  sales  of  such  gadgets  expected  to  increase  by  34  per  cent  to  reach  over  4.8  million  in  2017.  us  technology  research  experts  gartner  has  also  predicted  that  drone  production  figures  will  jump  by  39  per  cent  this  year  compared  to  the  numbers  recorded  in  2016.  they  offer  numerous  benefits
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  those  in  agriculture.  here  are  a  few  reasons  why:  drones  can  take  the  stress  out  of  planting  and  looking  after  produce,  thanks  to  systems  which  have  been  created  by  startup  companies  that  can  achieve  an  uptake  rate  of  75  per  cent  and  reduce  the  costs  of  planting  by  as  much  as  85  per  cent.  the  idea  is  that  the  technology  sees  drones  shooting  pods  with  seeds  as  well  as  plant  nutrients  into  the  soil,  enabling  plants  to  receive  the  nutrients  they  need  to  sustain  life.  to  avoid  wasting  water  around  a  farm,  drones  can  be  fitted  with  remote  sensing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy equipment  think  multispectral,  hyperspectral  or  thermal  sensing  systems.  the  idea  is  that  the  technology  will  quickly  and  easily  identify  the  driest  sections  of  a  field  and  then  allow  farmers  to  allocate  their  water  resources  more  economically.  crop  spraying  and  crop  monitoring  are  two  practices  that  many  in  agriculture  will  already  be  very  familiar  with.  however,  drones  can  improve  both  of  these  common  practices.  in  regards  to  crop  spraying,  drones  can  effectively  scan  the  ground  of  a  farm  and  then  spray  the  correct  amount  of  liquid  once  the  distance  from  the  ground  has  been  modulated  even  coverage  will  be  achieved  while
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  amount  of  chemicals  penetrated  into  groundwater  will  be  reduced.  when  it  comes  to  crop  monitoring,  timeseries  animations  through  the  drones  will  be  able  to  display  the  exact  development  of  a  crop  and  detail  any  inefficiencies  with  production.  these  kinds  of  insights  would  have  previously  only  been  gained  by  satellite  imagery  while  very  advanced,  this  technique  could  only  be  used  once  a  day.  monitoring  through  drones  can  be  used  whenever  a  farmer  wishes.  just  like  drones,  the  market  for  autonomous  vehicles  is  looking  very  bright.  in  fact,  a  comprehensive  report  by  business  insider  intelligence  has  forecasted  that  there  will  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy close  to  10  million  cars  available  which  will  have  either  semiautonomous  or  fully  autonomous  capabilities.  from  a  more  general  perspective,  management  consulting  firm  bain  has  estimated  that  the  global  opportunity  for  assistive  and  autonomous  technologies  for  the  businesstobusiness  market  will  be  somewhere  in  the  range  of  22  to  26  billion  per  year  by  2025.  steps  have  already  been  made  to  showcase  how  autonomous  vehicles  can  assist  those  in  agriculture.  for  instance,  a  team  of  agricultural  engineers  from  the  harper  adams  university  in  shropshire  have  set  about  creating  an  autonomous  tractor  which  can  perform  tasks  like  the  drilling,  seeding  and  spraying
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  land  while  being  steered  by  a  farmer  who  is  positioned  not  behind  the  vehicles  wheel  but  in  a  control  room.  the  same  team  made  up  of  johnathan  gill,  kit  franklin  and  martin  abell  are  also  looking  into  how  an  automated  combine  harvester  can  be  used  to  then  harvest  the  same  field.  explaining  the  potential  benefits  of  the  developments,  mr  franklin  told  the  daily  mail:  these  small  autonomous  machines  will  in  turn  facilitate  high  resolution  precision  farming,  where  different  areas  of  the  field,  and  possibly  even  individual  plants  can  be  treated  separately,  optimising  and  potentially  reducing  inputs  being  used  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy field  agriculture.  the  tractor  driver  wont  be  physically  in  the  tractor  driving  up  and  down  a  field.  instead,  they  will  be  a  fleet  manager  and  agricultural  analysts,  looking  after  a  number  of  farming  robots  and  meticulously  monitoring  the  development  of  their  crops.  meanwhile  in  the  burgundy  region  of  france,  inventor  christophe  millot  has  been  successful  in  creating  a  vinepruning  robot.  developed  as  a  counter  to  a  shortage  in  farm  labour,  the  latestgeneration  model  of  the  fourwheeled  gadget  is  made  up  of  six  cameras,  two  arms  and  a  tablet  computer  found  inside  the  robot.  these  features  combine  in  a  way  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  machine  can  learn  as  it  goes  about  its  task  so  to  trim  grass  around  each  vine  with  a  cut  every  five  seconds.  ?  attend  the  events  with  upcoming  shows  in  silicon  valley,  london  and  amsterdam  to  learn  more.  the  show  is  colocated  with  the  ,  and  so  you  can  explore  the  entire  ecosystem  in  one  place.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  director,  lycetts  william  barne  is  a  director  at  lycetts.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keep  me  logged  in  within  the  next  decade,  farming  as  we  know  it  is  expected  to  be  revolutionized  by  the  use  of  selfdriving  tractors  and  robots  that  can  perform  timeconsuming  tasks  now  done  by  humans.  sales  of  major  farm  machinery  have  been  in  a  continued  slump  amid  weak  prices  for  key  crops  such  as  corn  and  soybeans,  but  the  everpresent  need  to  control  farm  costs  and  increase  output  will  eventually  drive  farmers  to  adopt  autonomous  technologies.  they  farmers  are  a  pretty  cautious  bunch,  which  is  understandable,  said  kraig  schulz,  cofounder  and  ceo  of  autonomous  tractor  corp.,  a  small  private  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy based  in  minnesota  that  is  developing  autodrive  technology  for  tractors.  its  technology  is  aimed  at  turning  existing  tractors  into  semiautonomous  machines.  experts  say  the  first  wave  of  autonomous  tech  in  ag  will  go  primarily  to  highervalue  crops,  such  as  tree  nuts,  vineyards  and  fresh  produce.  also,  some  suggest  that  the  big  tractors  could  be  replaced  with  selfpropelled  autonomous  implements,  such  as  sprayers  in  row  crops,  orchards  and  vineyards  or  with  other  robotic  equipment  for  other  specific  tasks  on  the  farm.  all  told,  goldman  sachs  predicts  farm  technologies  could  become  a  240  billion  market  opportunity  for  ag  suppliers,  with  smaller  driverless
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tractors  a  45  billion  market  on  its  own.  tens  of  billions  could  be  spent  on  advanced  tech  for  major  farm  uses  such  as  precision  fertilizer,  planting,  spraying  and  irrigation,  goldman  predicts.  rising  costs  for  farm  labor  and  falling  costs  for  selfdriving  technology  also  will  provide  further  catalysts  for  the  shift.  on  monday,  california  gov.  jerry  brown  into  law  a  bill  giving  farm  workers  in  the  state  the  nations  largest  agricultural  producer  historic  overtime  pay.  this  is  going  to  have  a  serious  effect  on  farming  out  in  california,  said  schulz,  who  expects  rising  labor  costs  to  be  an  opportunity  for  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  even  semiautonomous  equipment  to  replace  some  of  the  human  labor  needed  in  farming.  rising  labor  costs  would  certainly  be  a  positive  for  adoption  of  automated  processes,  said  jerry  revich,  an  analyst  at  goldman  sachs.  at  the  same  time,  the  progress  in  selfdriving  technology  for  automobiles  including  both  object  detection  capabilities  using  multicamera  systems,  radar  and  lidar  technology  could  help  speed  up  and  lower  the  cost  of  developing  autonomous  farm  machinery.  some  of  the  new  sensors  that  help  you  autonomously  park  your  car,  parallel  park,  backup  sensors,  cameras  and  things  like  that  all  that  stuff  the  cost  has  come  way
__label__controloptimizationautonomy down  on  it  and  its  allowed  us  to  leverage  it  more  in  our  machines,  said  matt  rushing,  a  vice  president  in  charge  of  precision  ag  and  advanced  technology  for  agco.  the  content  and  technology  to  move  to  driverless  cars  cost  about  2,700  per  vehicle,  according  to  goldman  sachs.  in  agriculture,  autonomous  driving  equipment  would  require  technology  where  there  is  a  slightly  higher  complexity,  but  not  disproportionately  higher,  revich  said.  were  watching  the  sensor  and  technology  prices  really  move  down,  said  rob  zemenchik,  global  product  marketing  manager  for  case  ihs  precision  farming  unit,  advanced  farming  systems.  europes  ,  known  for  its
__label__controloptimizationautonomy case  ih  tractor  brand,  unveiled  an  autonomous  concept  tractor  last  month  in  iowa  at  the  farm  progress  show,  one  of  the  worlds  largest  farm  shows.  cnhs  autonomous  tractor  could  presumably  work  unmanned  around  the  clock  and  uses  gps  and  sensor  technology.  the  grower  could  remotely  monitor  and  control  the  machine  using  a  device  such  as  a  tablet.  cnhs  concept  tractor  does  maintain  the  driver  cab  so  the  operator  can  perform  tasks  not  presently  suited  to  automation,  such  as  commuting  between  fields  or  going  through  suburban  or  rural  community  roads  to  reach  a  farm.  were  focusing  on  perfecting  the  offroad  parts
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  solution  and  were  very  comfortable  with  our  progress  to  date,  said  zemenchik.  cnhs  autonomous  tractor  could  come  to  market  as  early  as  2020.  and  ,  two  rival  farm  machinery  manufacturers,  have  similar  technologies.  a  deere  spokesman  said  the  farm  equipment  giant  does  not  have  a  driverless  tractor  on  the  market,  although  the  company  has  done  some  work  on  driverless  technology  in  orchards.  deeres  strategy  has  been  generally  to  develop  ag  technologies  internally,  although  it  recently  tried  to  buy  s  precision  planting,  but  the  justice  department  blocked  that  deal.  the  autonomous  driving  trend  isnt  limited  to  large  farm  machinery.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy theres  also  interest  in  smaller  tractors  and  ag  robots,  and  some  see  them  working  in  groups  of  five  or  more  in  a  swarmlike  action.  one  lure  for  the  smaller  machines  is  they  would  be  lighter  and  reduce  soil  compaction,  a  problem  today  with  heavy  tractor  machinery  and  one  that  can  reduce  crop  yields.  according  to  goldman  sachs,  a  fleet  of  smaller  automated  tractors  could  lift  farmer  revenue  by  more  than  10  percent  and  reduce  farm  labor  costs.  it  also  suggests  that  precision  ag  technology  used  today  is  already  saving  growers  money  and  increasing  yields.  globally,  goldman  estimates  that  advances  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ag  technology  including  such  things  as  autonomous  ag  vehicles,  farm  robots,  drones,  as  well  as  precision  in  planting,  fertilizing  and  irrigation  could  result  in  farm  yields  potentially  rising  by  more  than  70  percent  by  the  year  2050.  youll  start  to  see  more  and  more  autonomous  vehicles,  especially  smaller  vehicles  in  farming,  replacing  some  of  the  manual  work  that  we  would  have  seen  being  done  by  humans,  said  rushing,  the  agco  executive.  indeed,  agco  has  a  concept  that  would  give  small  mobile,  cloudcontrolled  units  the  capability  to  perform  various  tasks  in  farming.  the  technology  from  agcos  fendt  subsidiary  is  focused  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy eliminating  not  only  the  cost  and  inefficiencies  of  an  operator,  but  also  the  cost  of  the  tractor  and  the  planter  tool  bar  as  well,  according  to  the  company.  agco  expects  a  fleet  of  field  robots  could  also  be  offered  as  a  service  by  dealers  to  farmers  since  they  could  presumably  be  put  on  a  trailer  and  delivered.  if  that  happens,  the  duluth,  georgiabased  company  said  it  could  reduce  the  capital  costs  for  the  farmer  since  they  wouldnt  need  to  make  a  big  equipment  purchase.  for  some  farmers,  automation  is  already  here.  robotic  milking  machines  are  used  by  some  dairies,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy planting  is  automated  in  vegetables,  yet  weeding  and  harvesting  of  vegetables  and  fruit  largely  relies  on  hand  labor.  blue  river  technology,  a  sunnyvale,  californiabased  startup,  is  using  robotics  and  smart  tech  to  automate  lettuce  thinning  with  a  socalled  lettuce  bot.  its  a  product  that  has  been  doing  pretty  well  not  only  because  its  an  alternative  to  scarce  farm  labor  that  we  have  in  california  but  also  because  it  does  a  better  job  than  humans  can,  said  jorge  heraud,  cofounder  and  ceo  of  blue  river  technology.  he  added  that  the  company  also  has  a  machine  known  as  see  and  spray,  which
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  identify  plants  and  weeds  to  spray  chemicals  precisely.  fragile  crops  such  as  fresh  tomatoes  and  strawberries  have  some  of  the  most  handlabor  needs  but  heraud  said  the  industry  is  working  on  smart  machines  to  automate  some  of  the  harvesting  of  these  crops  and  it  could  be  available  to  growers  within  five  to  10  years.  already,  its  feasible  but  it  needs  to  be  cheaper  and  more  reliable,  he  said.  got  a  confidential  news  tip?  we  want  to  hear  from  you.  sign  up  for  free  newsletters  and  get  more  cnbc  delivered  to  your  inbox  get  this  delivered  to  your  inbox,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy more  info  about  our  products  and  services.  2019  cnbc  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  data  is  a  realtime  snapshot  data  is  delayed  at  least  15  minutes.  global  business  and  financial  news,  stock  quotes,  and  market  data  and  analysis.  data  also  provided  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devicewise  industrial  iot  iiot  platform  at  its  factory  operations,to  collect  and  analyse  realtime  assembly  information  to  improve  line  efficiency,  prevent  unplanned  downtime,  and  improve  efficiency  throughout  the  supply  chain.  upon  making  the  announcement,  he  explained  that  his  experience  is  valuable  to  businesses  looking  to  combine  systems  and  platforms.  for  example,  hes  worked  to  help  organisations  use  iot  to  aid  manufacturing  processes.  its  also  designed  an  iot  sensor  solution  for  row  units  that  can  work  out  the  pressure  being  put  on  seeds  as  farmers  plant  them.  based  on  the  results,  they  can  then  adjust  pressure  and  spacing.  all  data  is  sent
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  the  cloud.  december  45,  brimingham,  uk  may  12  13  santa  clara,  ca,  usa  june  15  17  chicago,  il,  usa  united  states  session  expired  the  login  page  will  open  in  a  new  tab.  after  logging  in  you  can  close  it  and  return  to  this  page.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  internet  of  things  for  agriculture.  yes,  its  a  thingand  a  huge  market.  the  internet  of  things  represents  many  different  things,  for  multiple  industries  and  markets.  for  farmers,  it  offers  the  opportunity  to  take  part  in  another  .  precision  agriculture  is  the  term  often  applied  to  based  farming.  what  that  means  is  using  and  other  technology  to  improve  agricultural  production,  involving  all  fertile  land  available,  and  automating  as  many  tasks  as  possible  to  leave  farmers  with  more  time  to  analyze  and  implement  technology.  for  farmers,  that  also  means  not  having  to  hire  more  farmhands  at  planting  and  harvest  seasons.  bigdata
__label__controloptimizationautonomy analytics  can  review  weather  forecasts  and  patterns  to  predict  optimal  periods  to  get  seeds  in  the  ground  and  when  to  harvest.  this  is  big  business,  and  it  is  greenfield  in  almost  every  respect.  agribusiness  has  been  slow  to  adopt  the  most  advanced  technology,  so  it  is  largely  starting  from  scratch.  but  it  is  also  a  market  where  the  benefits  of  data  gathering  and  analytics  can  greatly  improve  efficiency  of  an  operation,  and  the  results  show  rapid  economic  return.  that  includes  everything  from  detailed  information  about  what  fields  need  water  or  fertilizer,  and  exactly  where  those  resources  should  be  applied  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy how  much,  to  ways  to  maximize  returns  from  land.  there  are  four  key  areas  for  precision  agriculture:  productivity,  pest  control,  water  conservation,  and  continual  value.  is  among  the  crop  of  companies  offering  products  and  services  in  this  field  to  help  with  these  objectives.  the  japanbased  company,  whose  expertise  is  in  geopositioning,  offers  everything  from  mapping,  design  and  layout  services,  to  inspection.  the  company  claims  accuracy  of  between  4  to  10  centimeters.  venture  capitalists  have  grown  interested  in  the  field,  making  equity  investments  in  companies  like  agrisight  doing  business  as  and  .  there  are  many  here,  as  well.  has  collaborated  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy huawei  technologies  to  connect  soil  moisture  sensors,  remote  weather  stations  and  other  internet  nodes  through  narrowband  iot  connectivity.  ptcs  technology  platform  is  addressing  smart  agriculture,  among  other  industries.  the  company  has  developed  an  iot  platform  for  monitoring,  managing  and  controlling  connected  devices,  which  can  be  integrated  with  thirdparty  systems.  likewise,  the  opensource  can  be  configured  for  sensorbased  field  and  resource  mapping,  remote  equipment  monitoring,  remote  crop  monitoring,  predictive  analytics  for  crops  and  livestock,  climate  monitoring  and  forecasting,  livestock  tracking  and  geofencing,  keeping  statistics  on  livestock  feeding  and  produce,  along  with  smart  logistics  and  warehousing.  is  offering  its  see  spray  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  uses  computer  vision  to  identify  individual  plants  that  may  be  in  need  of  chemical  treatment.  the  company  has  attracted  investments  from  data  collective  venture  capital,  innovation  endeavors,  khosla  ventures,  and  pontifax  agtech.  and  markets  agricultural  and  viticultural  robots  for  weeding  and  for  working  in  vineyards.  the  startup  has  raised  more  than  4  million  from  business  angel  investors,  crowdfunding,  and  other  sources.  the  first  was  held  last  month  in  toulouse,  france,  organized  by  naio  and  robotics  place.  peter  gredig  wrote  in  an  issue  of  agrisuccess  magazine,  a  publication,  what  could  a  smart  farm  look  like?  connected  fieldspecific  weather  stations  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy soil  moisture  sensors  could  alert  you  when  conditions  warrant  a  fungicide  application.  controlled  tile  drainage  valves  could  open  or  close  automatically  according  to  conditions  detected  by  sensors.  he  added,  connected  sensors  will  automatically  monitor  inventories  of  all  descriptions  fuel,  feed,  crop  protection  products.  when  levels  drop  below  a  prescribed  level,  an  order  could  be  generated  automatically.  selfdriving  cars  get  a  lot  of  attention  in  the  media.  with  fewer  americans  living  on  farms  in  this  century,  selfdriving  tractors  arent  as  interesting  to  most  people.  yet  there  is  research  and  development  being  done  on  that  technology.  agriculture  is  a  big  user  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy selfguided  vehicles,  khasha  ghaffarzadeh,  a  research  director  at  idtechex,  said  last  month  in  a  presentation  at  his  companys  in  santa  clara,  calif.  he  noted  that  fully  autonomous  tractors  have  been  available  for  the  past  two  or  three  years,  well  ahead  of  selfdriving  cars  in  most  instances.  ,  ,  and  are  leading  vendors  in  the  market.  and  there  is  an  selling  such  products.  these  agrobots  are  crucial  to  precision  agriculture,  ghaffarzadeh  asserted  in  a  talk  titled,  the  big  opportunity:  autonomous  vehicles  and  robots  in  agriculture.  he  added,  navigation  autonomy  is  here  to  stay,  providing  accuracy  of  operation  down  to  the  centimeter
__label__controloptimizationautonomy level.  idtechex  predicts  the  precision  agriculture  market  will  increase  to  10  billion  by  2022.  other  market  research  firms  have  similar  forecasts.  marketsandmarkets.com  this  year  said  the  smart  agriculture  market  will  be  worth  18.45  billion  in  2022,  enjoying  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  13.8  over  seven  years.  wintergreen  research  estimated  the  worldwide  market  for  agricultural  drones  is  494  million  at  present,  growing  to  3.69  billion  by  2022.  susan  eustis,  lead  author  of  the  drone  study,  said  in  a  ,  transparency  is  one  of  the  benefits  of  iot  that  drones  bring  to  digital  farming.the  benefits  of  digital  farming  are  higher  productivity
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  more  efficient  use  of  land,  water,  and  fertilizer.transparency  in  farming  is  being  asked  for  by  consumers.consumers  want  to  know  where  their  food  came  from,  how  much  water  and  chemicals  were  used,  and  when  and  how  the  food  was  harvested.they  want  to  know  about  consistent  refrigeration  during  transport.  whats  driving  this  growth  and  innovation?  on  planet  earth.  we  need  to  boost  food  production  by  70  by  2050,  idtechexs  ghaffarzadeh  said.  noted  that  the  worlds  population  is  expected  to  rise  from  more  than  7  billion  people  now  to  9.6  billion  by  2050.  middleclass  families,  which  can  afford  to  spend  more  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy groceries,  will  contain  some  5  billion  people  by  2030,  according  to  accenture.  two  years  ago,  eric  schmidts  innovation  endeavors  and  flexs  lab  ix  formed  the  collective,  bringing  together  agtech  startups  and  large  enterprises  in  agriculture,  such  as  dupont.  google  is  among  the  companies  supporting  the  initiative.  advances  in  computer  vision  are  helping  the  implementation  of  precision  agriculture,  ghaffarzadeh  said.  they  enable  sitespecific  spraying  of  agrochemicals,  with  some  spraying  being  done  by  drones,  he  commented.  agriculture  is  witnessing  advanced  computervision  precision  trimming  and  weeding,  he  said.  fully  autonomous  weeders  are  at  the  prototype  and  early  commercial  stage.  automatic  strawberry  harvesters  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  thing  in  ag  iot,  along  with  vegetable  picking  in  semistructured  environments,  now  in  field  trials,  ghaffarzadeh  added.  there  are  also  mobile  robots  that  push  around  feed  for  farm  animals.  robotic  has  become  a  multimilliondollar  market,  he  said.  rice  plots  are  sprayed  with  unmanned  helicopters.  as  drones  become  more  affordable,  farmers  are  using  them  to  keep  tabs  on  their  back  40.  there  are  challenges  to  precision  agriculture,  ghaffarzadeh  acknowledged.  outside  of  the  united  states,  farm  holdings  tend  to  be  smaller  than  the  big  corporate  farms  in  america.  iot  agricultural  equipment  can  present  a  significant  capital  cost,  as  well.  the  economic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy factor  could  come  down  to  robotsasaservice  versus  equipment  sales,  he  added.  continual  value  in  precision  agriculture  means  providing  service  beyond  the  product  sale,  another  challenge  in  iot  farming.  farming  is  one  of  the  oldest  vocations  on  the  planet,  but  it  also  is  one  where  technology  adoption  has  been  limited.  while  gpsdriven  tractors  are  being  adopted,  the  next  phase  of  datadriven  technology  will  transform  agriculture  into  a  precision  commercial  operation  where  crop  yield  is  much  more  predictable.  that  will  have  a  bearing  not  only  on  what  technology  gets  adopted,  but  on  the  skills  and  training  of  the  people  using  that  technology,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  well.  infinite  possibilities,  infinite  opportunities  as  iot  grows  in  russia,  particularly  in  the  areas  of  agriculture  and  mining.  the  recent  cyberattacks  highlighted  the  security  lacking  in  many  iot  devices.  solutions  are  on  the  way.  companies  rev  up  new  technologies,  but  its  still  unclear  how  successful  they  will  be.  tags:  note:  this  name  will  be  displayed  publicly  this  will  not  be  displayed  publicly  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  new  architectures,  different  markets  and  more  variables  make  it  increasingly  difficult  to  design  and  verify  lowpower  chips.  seventeen  startups  took  in  megarounds
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  100  million  or  more  during  october,  with  a  cumulative  total  of  just  over  3.2  billion.  more  nodes  and  alternative  memories  are  in  the  works,  but  schedules  remain  murky.  how  good  are  standard  fpgas  for  ai  purposes,  and  how  different  will  dedicated  fpgabased  devices  be  from  them?  entities,  people  and  technologies  explored  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  a  new  crop  of  memories  in  rd  could  have  a  big  impact  on  future  compute  architectures.  the  new  version  of  the  high  bandwidth  memory  standard  promises  greater  speeds  and  feeds  and  thats  about
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it.  why  intel,  amd,  arm,  and  ibm  are  focusing  on  architectures,  microarchitectures,  and  functional  changes.  marvell  nav  alliance;  drone  bill;  hyundais  35b  plan;  intels  edge  play;  7nm  certifications.  september  was  spectacular  for  startups,  as  27  tech  companies  raised  100  million  or  more,  taking  in  a  total  of  7.1  billion  during  the  month.  ml  will  augment  existing  manufacturing  processes,  but  it  wont  replace  them.  new  approaches  aim  to  drive  down  cost,  boost  benefits  of  heterogeneous  integration.  email:  interests:  systemlevel  design  low  powerhigh  performance  manufacturing,  packaging  materials  test,  measurement  analytics  iot,  security  automotive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy photo:  hands  free  hectare  the  automated  farm  has  sprung  to  life  this  fall,  as  a  farm  in  the  united  kingdom  became  the  first  in  the  world  to  successfully  plant,  tend  and  harvest  a  crop  entirely  with  autonomous  vehicles  and  dronesand  without  a  single  person  ever  setting  foot  in  the  field.  the  human  workforce  was  replaced  entirely  by  iot  tools  operated  from  a  team  of  engineers  in  a  control  room.  these  farming  tools  did  everything  from  sowing  the  seeds  to  picking  the  grain.  the  project,  called  hands  free  hectare  hfha,  was  completed  in  october  and  had  a  yield  of  4.5  tons
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  barley,  according  to  news  releases.  the  automated  farm  was  a  joint  venture  by  harper  adams  university  in  shropshire,  england,  and  precision  decisions,  a  farming  technology  specialist  based  in  york,  uk.  the  project,  which  cost  approximately  uk200k,  was  funded  by  precision  decisions  and  the  uk  funding  agency  innovate  uk.  it  used  machinery  that  was  readily  available  for  farmers  to  buy,  including  open  source  technology  and  an  autopilot  from  a  drone  for  the  navigation  system.  photo:  hands  free  hectare  the  project  team  used  a  customized  iseki  tractor  for  spraying,  drilling  and  rolling.  the  tractor  is  smaller  and  lighter  than  most  tractors
__label__controloptimizationautonomy used  in  the  industry.  the  team  kept  the  idea  that  smaller  was  better  in  place  with  its  customized  harvester,  too,  staying  true  to  the  concept  that  the  use  of  smallerand  smartagricultural  machines  could  improve  soil  and  plant  health,  ultimately  leading  to  a  better  yield.  jonathan  gill,  researcher  at  harper  adams  university,  said  in  a  statement,  theres  been  a  focus  in  recent  years  on  making  farming  more  precise.  but  larger  machines  are  not  compatible  with  this  method  of  working.  theyre  also  so  heavy  that  they  are  damaging  farmers  soils.  gill  noted  that  the  weather  is  a  big  issue  when  farming,  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy only  small  windows  are  available  for  work  to  be  completed  because  of  the  rains  in  the  location  they  chose.  the  rainy  weather  is  part  of  the  reason  machines  have  been  getting  so  much  bigger.  farmers  here  need  to  be  able  to  complete  work  quickly.  the  autonomous  vehicles  solve  that  issue.  in  the  future,  farmers  will  manage  fleets  of  smaller,  autonomous  vehicles.  these  will  be  able  to  go  out  and  work  in  the  fields,  allowing  the  farmer  to  use  their  time  more  effectively  and  economically,  instead  of  having  to  drive  up  and  down  the  fields,  gill  adds.  photo:  hands  free  hectare
__label__controloptimizationautonomy at  hands  free  hectare,  agronomists  and  engineers  used  the  small  customized  tractors  along  with  several  drones  to  cultivate  the  barley  from  an  area  roughly  equivalent  to  two  and  a  half  acres.  drones  with  multispectral  sensors  took  aerial  images  of  the  field.  smaller  machines  at  crop  level  took  samples  to  assess  what  fertilizers  to  apply  and  where.  the  team  also  used  live  camera  feeds  to  detect  invasive  weeds  or  disease.  autonomous  farming  tools  and  the  iot  are  taking  root  in  all  areas  of  agriculture,  continuing  to  transform  the  industry  and  how  it  does  business.  according  to  bi  intelligence,  iot  device  installations
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  agriculture  are  expected  to  increase  from  ,  for  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  20  percent.  while  the  majority  of  the  attention  paid  to  iotpowered  technology  investment  in  agriculture  has  been  focused  on  improvements  related  to  increasing  the  yield  in  precious  crops,  iot  also  offers  farmers  savings  in  labor  costs.  the  rising  cost  of  labor  is  a  huge  driver  in  the  field  of  agriculture  technology,  explains  matt  nielsen  of  autonomous  solutions,  in  a  recent  cnn.com  article.  autonomous  solutions  is  a  utahbased  company  that  converts  vehicles  from  manual  to  robotic  control.  autonomous  vehicles  on  the  farm  make  sense  when  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy compare  the  cost  of  technology  to  the  cost  of  labor.  with  the  success  of  the  first  automated  harvest,  hands  free  hectare  plans  to  continue  its  research  into  development  of  more  farming  technology.  the  team  also  intends  to  plant  a  full  crop  of  winter  wheat  using  the  same  methods.  in  the  meantime,  the  team  says  they  plan  to  celebrate  their  success  in  iot  by  brewing  their  own  beermade  from  their  first  barley  harvest.  dig  up  more  about  the  automated  farming  harvest  and  the  solutions  used  by  the  team  at  or  follow  their  progress  on  twitter  .  learn  more  about  ,  including:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy businesses  of  all  sizes  from  every  industry  are  looking  to  solution  providers  to  shepherd,  secure  and  maintain  the  integration  of  their  iot  solutions.  the  iot  solution  provider  site  provides  the  market  research,  hot  trends  in  vertical  markets,  policy  updates,  news  and  business  transformation  models  that  solution  providers  need  to  stay  in  the  know  in  this  burgeoning  field.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy proforma  credits  save  more  lowest  price  29.00  any  size  1  866  655  3733  1  866  655  3733  we  use  cookies  to  provide  you  with  better  experience.  by  using  our  website,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  as  described  in  our
__label__controloptimizationautonomy datafloq  is  the  onestop  source  for  big  data,  blockchain  and  artificial  intelligence.  we  offer  information,  insights  and  opportunities  to  drive  innovation  with  emerging  technologies.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  topic  that  is  cont...  ever  since  completing  our  popular  series,  sharing  re...  copyright  2019  datafloq  copyright  2019  datafloq  in  order  to  optimize  the  website  and  to  continuously  improve  datafloq,  we  use  cookies.  for  more  information  click  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy listening  to  people  talk  in  murica  these  days,  and  youd  think  they  lived  back  in  the  stone  ages.  everyones  somehow  been  wronged,  everyones  oppressed  by  someone  else,  lifes  unfair,  opportunity  only  exists  for  those  who  are  willing  to  work  hard,the  gini  coefficient  is  out  of  whack  ,  the  country  is  polarized  to  an  extent  that  hasnt  been  seen  since  the  civil  war,  and  the  list  of  things  to  complain  about  goes  on.  while  some  of  these  things  are  certainly  worth  complaining  about,  the  fact  is,  people  around  the  globe  have  never  beenso  well  off  as  .  one  reason  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy plummeting  levels  of  povertyis  thatfood  availability  is  increasing  and  food  costs  are  decreasing  thanks  to  technology.  of  course,  thats  just  another  thing  to  complain  about,  as  people  continue  to  protest  and  perhaps  rightfully  so  things  like  enetically  odified  rganisms  without  considering  that  this  technology  has  helped  decrease  poverty.  in  response  to  these  protests,  technology  saves  the  day  yet  again  with  companies  like  and  taking  it  a  step  further  and  usingtechnology  to  give  us  the  benefits  of  gmo  without  all  the  bad  stuff.  its  a  constant  battle  to  do  things  better  without  pissing  anyone  off.  when  it  comes  to  farming,  there
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  a  seemingly  endless  list  of  things  to  improve  upon.  if  we  conceptualize  what  farming  might  look  like  in  a  fullyoptimized  state,  we  might  think  of  a  farm  that  has  completely  removed  the  human  element  from  the  equation.  why  wouldnt  we  useartificial  intelligence  and  robotics  to  create  the  perfect  farm  with  every  single  efficiency  realized  with  the  only  variable  being  the  weather?  source:  case  ih  the  most  obvious  objection  a  farmer  might  raiseto  the  idea  of  fully  autonomous  farming  is  the  need  for  a  human  to  operate  farming  equipment.  that  made  us  wonder,  what,  if  anything,  is  being  done  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy make  farming  equipment  fully  autonomous?  turns  out,  quite  a  bit.  we  first  dabbled  in  this  space  in  an  article  we  published  a  few  years  back  titled  where  we  looked  at  the  notion  of  autonomous  tractors.  now,  lets  take  a  look  at  some  companies  working  on  autonomous  tractors  and  selfdriving  farm  equipment.  its  important  to  note  that  autonomous  farming  is  a  theme  that  extends  to  all  farming  equipment  manufacturers.  last  year,  the  australian  government  studied  the  six  largest  tractor  manufacturers  i.e.  original  equipment  manufacturers,  oems  which  included  john  deere,  case  new  holland,  agco,  claas,  same  deutzfahr,  and  kubota.  ,  and  includes
__label__controloptimizationautonomy some  cool  information  like  this  comparison  matrix:  source:  grains  research  and  development  corporation  the  key  takeaway  from  that  report  is  that  john  deere  and  cnh  global  are  leading  when  it  comes  to  making  tractors  fully  autonomous,  with  both  companies  having  released  working  prototypes  to  gauge  interest  along  withactual  implementationsin  the  field  today.  lets  take  a  look  at  what  these  two  companies  have  been  getting  up  to.  with  over  175  years  in  the  field,  case  ih  is  theworlds  secondlargest  brand  of  agricultural  equipment  behind  john  deere  and  a  subsidiary  of  cnh  global  n.v.  in  2016,  they  showed  the  world  whats  possible
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  autonomous  vehicles  when  they  unveiled  a  fullyfunctioning  autonomous  tractor  platform  as  a  means  to  spur  discussions  with  farmers  around  the  potential  for  selfdriving  tractors.  since  then,  theyve  begun  moving  forward  with  implementation  and  are  working  with  one  of  the  largest  carrot  producers  in  north  america,  bolthouse  farms,  on  realworld  testing  of  autonomous  tractors.  dont  expect  to  see  anything  futuristiclooking  like  their  initial  concept.  instead,  case  ih  is  using  asmall  fleet  of  autonomous  steiger  quadtrac  tractors  pulling  a  truetandem  disk  harrow  or  ecolotiger  disk  ripper  .  in  other  words,  its  going  to  look  something  like  this  just  without  the  human:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy source:  case  ih  it  makes  a  whole  lot  more  sense  to  retrofit  existing  farm  equipment  with  autonomous  capabilities  so  that  everyone  feels  a  whole  lot  less  intimidated  by  the  whole  thing.  new  holland  is  a  global  brand  of  agricultural  machinery  produced  by  cnh  industrial,  the  same  company  that  owns  case  ih.  while  the  name  may  imply  that  the  company  is  run  by  ,  its  actually  headquartered  in  italy.  its  often  said  that  while  the  greeks  may  have  invented  love,  the  italians  were  the  first  ones  to  apply  it  to  women  .  the  farming  equipment  brand  is  known  for  all  kinds
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  innovative  products,  like  the  energy  independent  farm  which  uses  a  hydrogenpowered  tractor.  like  case  ih,  they  also  debuted  their  nhdrive  autonomous  technologyin  2016  and  have  sincepartneredwith  e.  j.  gallo  winery,  the  largest  familyowned  winery  in  the  world,  to  begin  trialing  the  technology  ont4.110f  vineyard  tractors  like  the  one  seen  below:  source:  trade  farm  machinery  the  autonomous  solution  is  applicable  to  the  brands  entire  offering  of  tractors,  so  its  all  about  taking  existing  equipment  and  allowing  it  to  operate  sans  human.  when  it  comes  to  leaders  in  this  space  though,we  need  to  look  towards  what  theworlds  biggest  manufacturer  of  farming
__label__controloptimizationautonomy equipment  is  getting  up  to.  the  worlds  biggest  manufacturer  of  farm  equipment,  john  deere,  made  the  news  recently  with  their  autonomous  electric  tractor  that  comes  with  .while  that  almost  sounds  like  ajoke,  what  certainly  isnt  a  joke  is  just  how  serious  john  deere  takes  the  idea  of  selfdriving  farm  equipment.  a  decade  ago,  john  deere  made  it  known  that  they  were  moving  towards  autonomy  with  the  announcement  of  itec  pro,  a  system  that  enabled  farm  equipment  to  operate  autonomously  using  gps  coordinates.  ,  which  talked  about  the  technology,  quoted  john  deere  as  saying  autonomous  tractors  arethe  next  great  frontier  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  ag  equipment  market.  was  the  title  of  a  2015  article  in  the  washington  post  which  talks  about  how  john  deere  already  hasautosteering  and  other  selfguidance  technology  in  more  than  100  countries  around  the  globe.  their  range  of  all  demonstrate  varying  degrees  of  human  involvement,  some  talking  about  how  they  can  reduce  driver  fatigue.  still,  others  are  skeptical  that  john  deere  might  be  close  to  full  autonomy  with  stating,  after  trying  to  build  selfdriving  tractors  for  more  than  20  years,  john  deere  has  learned  a  hard  truth  about  autonomy.  the  supporting  evidence  is  that  all  the  john  deere  tractors  still
__label__controloptimizationautonomy require  a  human  to  operate  after  20  years,  therefore  its  tougher  than  it  looks.  maybe  that  fully  autonomous  tractor  with  a  1kilometer  long  extension  cord  is  what  weve  all  been  waiting  for.  while  both  john  deere  and  cnh  industrial  may  have  the  lead  when  it  comes  to  putting  autonomous  tractors  out  in  the  field,  there  are  some  aftermarket  solutions  that  are  making  progress  as  well  like  our  next  company.  the  next  company  were  going  to  talk  about  may  not  sound  very  dutch,  but  they  are  in  fact  dutch.  so  is  the  farmer  whohas  been  testing  the  autonomous  tractor  technology  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy his  farm  in  australia,  a  man  by  the  name  ofgerrit  kurstjens.  published  this  past  march  talk  about  his  experience  with  a  driverless  tractor  thats  already  sprayed  24,700  acres  with  a  spot  spray  rig  and  not  a  human  in  sight.  the  tractor,  afendt  936,  is  equipped  with  an  autonomic  system  from  probotiq  a  subsidiary  of  precision  makers  and  can  be  seen  below:  source:  future  farming  credit:  mark  pasveer  the  pilot  worked  out  so  well  that  hes  already  ordered  two  more  driverless  tractors  so  that  he  can  work  three  of  them  next  season.  so  far,  weve  talked  about  tractor  companies  doing  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy own  research  and  development,  but  here  we  have  a  case  of  a  thirdparty  developing  the  technology  instead.there  are  others  out  there,  and  we  may  look  at  some  in  a  followup  article.  at  the  moment  though,  we  think  that  its  the  big  farming  equipment  manufacturers  that  have  taken  the  lead  here.  of  course,  we  also  need  to  consider  companies  that  are  creating  entirely  new  robotic  farming  machines  to  replace  humans.  its  not  just  tractors  that  are  being  developed  to  do  things  autonomously.last  year,  we  wrote  about  ,  an  article  which  looked  at  robots  that  pick  fruit,  pull  weeds,  and  move  plants
__label__controloptimizationautonomy around.  this  begs  the  questions  of  where  we  draw  the  line  between  autonomous  vehicles  and  robots.  so  far,  the  autonomous  solutions  weve  covered  are  bolton.  if  autonomy  is  to  really  take  a  hold  and  disrupt  farming,  it  cant  just  take  the  form  of  futuristic  tractors  trickling  onto  the  fields  of  corporate  farmers  who  can  afford  to  shell  out  huge  amounts  of  capital  for  expensive  machines.  it  needs  to  take  the  form  of  addon  technology  that  todays  farmer  can  use  to  immediately  begin  adding  value  so  they  can  compete  against  those  big  corporations.  when  it  comes  to  looking  at  newly  developed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robotic  farm  equipment  whether  autonomous  or  not  were  going  to  save  it  for  our  coming  article  on  the  fruit  farms  of  tomorrow  as  we  travel  tobingen,  washington  this  spring  to  smokea  bunch  of  dank  and  hang  out  with  some  actual  fruit  farmers  and  a  whole  lot  of  mexicans  to  find  out  what  tomorrows  fruit  farms  will  look  like.  stay  tuned.  this  is  by  no  means  an  exhaustive  list,  so  if  we  missed  your  amazing  autonomous  farming  equipment  project  or  startup,  just  drop  a  note  in  the  comments  section  below  and  tell  everyone  about  it.  it  always  helps  to  provide  some
__label__controloptimizationautonomy indication  of  how  close  the  equipment  is  to  being  commercialized,  or  if  in  fact  its  already  being  used.we  largely  focused  on  tractors  in  this  piece  because  they  can  pull  all  kinds  of  farming  equipment.  any  one  of  these  large  companies  that  makes  a  tractor  autonomous  can  then  easily  make  just  about  any  piece  of  farming  equipment  autonomous.  there  are  an  incredible  number  of  agtech  startups  looking  to  transform  farming,  and  were  going  to  deepdive  into  many  of  them  this  coming  year  because  its  a  popular  topic  among  readers,  and  because  it  gives  us  a  chance  to  show  how  technology  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy being  used  to  fulfill  one  of  the  most  basic  needs  on  .  maybe  then,  muricans  will  start  being  more  grateful  for  the  opportunities  they  have,  grateful  for  the  in  their  local  supermarket,  and  grateful  theydont  belong  to  the  37  of  people  in  this  world  who  live  in  one  of  the  .  are  you  a  good  driver?  root  is  able  to  save  good  drivers  as  much  as  52  on  their  car  insurance.  it  takes  less  than  a  minute  to  get  started.  published:  december  30,  2018  sign  up  to  our  newsletter  immediately
__label__controloptimizationautonomy when  unveiled  its  in  the  summer  of  2016,  gauging  farmer  interest  was  at  the  center  of  the  project.  since  then,  the  company  has  been  talking  to  customers  around  the  world  to  study  how  this  technology  can  be  implemented  to  maximize  the  benefit  in  an  operation.  today,  case  ih,  through  its  autonomy  and  automation  program,  is  researching  and  piloting  autonomous  technology  in  reallife  situations.  while  the  autonomous  concept  vehicle  reveal  in  2016  showed  the  world  whats  possible  with  autonomous  vehicles,  it  was  just  that  a  concept.  this  working  tractor  provided  a  platform  for  us  to  start  discussions  with  farmers  and  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industry  about  the  technology  needed  for  highefficiency  farming  operations  today  and  in  the  future,  says  robert  zemenchik,  case  ih  afs  global  product  manager.  were  ready  to  show  how  automation  and  autonomy  applies  across  agriculture  and  how  it  can  advance  the  precision  farming  solutions  our  customers  are  currently  using  on  their  farms.  because  no  two  farming  operations  are  alike,  each  requires  varying  levels  of  automation.  with  that  in  mind,  case  ih  found,  through  extensive  customer  driven  product  design  research,  that  current  and  future  technology  needs  to  fall  into  five  categories  of  automation.  its  exciting  to  explore  the  efficiencies  that  automation  and,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy eventually,  full  autonomy  can  bring  to  each  farming  operation,  zemenchik  says.  the  logic  behind  the  categories  is  to  provide  a  vision  of  whats  possible.  they  are  not  linear,  and  a  given  fleet  may  even  fit  into  more  than  one  category  at  a  time.  today,  many  of  our  customers  are  already  operating  in  the  guidance  and/or  operator  assisted  autonomy  categories.  the  five  categories  start  with  automating  specific  tasks  on  a  piece  of  equipment.  with  the  introduction  of  its  afs  accuguide  auto  guidance  system  in  the  1990s,  case  ih  has  a  long  history  of  providing  farmers  with  automation  technology.  that  tradition  continues
__label__controloptimizationautonomy today  with  advanced  solutions,  like  afs  accuturn  automated  headland  turning  technology  and  afs  soil  command  seedbed  sensing  technology.  in  an  effort  to  understand  how  new  autonomous  technology  can  be  used  and  how  it  meets  realworld,  onfarm  requirements,  case  ih  is  collaborating  with  bolthouse  farms  on  an  autonomous  tractor  pilot  program.  the  only  way  to  validate  onfarm  uses  for  autonomous  technology  is,  quite  literally,  with  field  pilots  where  farmers  use  it  on  their  own  farm,  integrate  it  into  their  own  fleet  and  conduct  their  everyday  activities,  zemenchik  says.  as  one  of  the  largest  carrot  producers  in  north  america,  is  a  yearround
__label__controloptimizationautonomy operation  that  farms  extensive  acreage  across  four  states  and  canada.  the  companys  focus  on  and  openness  to  advanced  technology,  coupled  with  their  desire  to  improve  productivity,  makes  it  an  ideal  participant  in  the  program.  at  first,  the  pilot  program  will  focus  on  primary  tillage  and  deep  tillage  both  highly  repetitive  yearround  tasks  for  bolthouse  farms.  a  small  fleet  of  autonomous  steiger  quadtrac  tractors  pulling  a  truetandem  disk  harrow  or  ecolotiger  disk  ripper  will  be  used.  this  will  help  evaluate  autonomous  machine  control  in  a  variety  of  tillage  applications,  soil  types,  meteorological  conditions  and  sensing  and  perception  activities.  one  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy primary  goals  is  to  receive  agronomic  and  operator  feedback  on  the  use  of  autonomous  technology  in  realworld  farm  conditions  so  case  ih  can  further  develop  and  refine  our  technological  control  and  machine  optimization  systems,  zemenchik  says.  additionally,  we  will  be  able  to  learn  from  bolthouse  farms  what  uses  it  envisions  for  automation  and  autonomy  that  we  might  not  have  already  thought  of.  brian  grant,  bolthouse  farms  vice  president  of  agriculture,  views  the  autonomous  tractor  pilot  program  as  an  opportunity  to  find  new  ways  to  make  the  companys  operation  more  efficient  and  deliver  highquality  food  for  the  growing  population.  were  just
__label__controloptimizationautonomy now  starting  to  play  the  what  if?  game  where  were  asking  ourselves  and  the  case  ih  engineers  the  questions  about  what  autonomous  tractors  are  capable  of,  grant  says.  and  the  answers  to  these  questions  are  not  if.  its  when.  the  pilot  program  will  launch  in  2018.  as  it  progresses,  case  ih  will  provide  periodic  updates.  to  learn  more,  visit  .  this  attachment  for  my  grain  vacuum  fits  under  the  unloading  auger  of  a  bin.  its  made  from  inch  steel.  the  diameter  of  the  tube  fits  the...  2019  meredith  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.  all  is  provided  by  barchart  solutions.  futures:  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  3  major  cloud  computing  challenges  for  iot  smart  farming  and  smart  agriculture  security  problem  solution  speed  problem  solution  cost  problem  solution  edge  computing  use  cases  1.agribots  2.  farm  automation  3.  disaster  protection  if  you  want  to  explore  the  opportunities  within  edge  computing  for  your  business,  make  sure  to  enlist  support  from  a  trusted  technology  provider  like  eastern  peak.  our  team  has  vast  experience  building  for  startups  as  well
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  fortune  500  companies  all  over  the  world.  to  discuss  the  use  cases  and  potential  benefits  of  edge  computing  for  your  business,  book  a  free  personal  consultation  with  one  of  our  iot  experts  using  our  .  https://easternpeak.com/blog/3edgecomputingusecasesforsmartfarming/  free  requirements  review  your  ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details  about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within
__label__controloptimizationautonomy one  business  day.  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance  your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  adoption  of  technology  in  agriculture  has  improved  the  approaches  that  farmers  use  in  the  farmland  nowadays.  modern  agriculture  has  made  it  easy  for  farmers  to  achieve  high  produce  while  using  less  input.  according  the  trends  in  the  use  of  technology  in  agriculture,  there  are  high  concerns  that  the  future  of  agriculture  is  bright.  for  example,  mechanization  in  agriculture  has  reduced  the  overuse  of  manpower  in  doing  some  of  the  farming  activities.  however,  the  introduction  of  autonomous  tractors  is  considered  a  significant  step  into  the  future  of  farming  but  what  are  autonomous  tractors  and  how  are  they  beneficial  to  farmers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  long  run?  stick  around  for  an  overview  of  the  subject  on  autonomous  tractors.  over  the  past  years,  we  have  seen  headlines  about  selfdriving  cars  and  everybody  went  wow  based  on  the  trends  in  regards  to  the  advancement  of  technology,  it  would  not  be  a  surprise  if  the  same  technology  alters  its  phase  within  the  coming  years.  however,  what  may  come  as  a  surprise  is  the  quiet  revolution  within  the  farming  industry  that  is  slowly  changing  the  way  farmers  approach  their  concept  of  agriculture  and  farming,  in  general.  presently,  farmers  in  advanced  countries  are  giving  a  tactical  approach  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy how  they  plant,  harvest,  as  well  as  maintain  their  crops.  a  good  example  of  such  technology  is  the  use  of  autonomous  tractors  in  agriculture.  the  concept  of  autonomous  tractors  can  be  traced  back  prior  to  the  introduction  of  the  concept  of  precision  farming  in  the  eighties.  during  these  days,  farmers  used  gps  technology  as  a  guide  to  the  tractors  across  the  farmland.  the  aim  of  such  an  approach  was  the  reduction  of  fuel  consumption  and  enhancing  the  efficiency  of  the  tractors  and  the  farming  activities.  as  such,  these  initial  steps  formed  the  basis  for  the  development  of  autonomous  tractors,  following
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  introduction  of  technologies  that  improved  communication  over  wireless  devices.  autonomous  tractors  employ  much  the  same  approach  as  the  driverless  vehicles  uses  advanced  systems  and  sensors.  with  the  inclusion  of  autosteering  abilities,  such  tractors  have  added  control  abilities.  evidently,  the  launch  of  the  autonomous  tractors  is  considerably  a  manifestation  of  the  extended  use  of  technology  in  farming.  perhaps,  one  of  the  common  questions  in  the  minds  of  many  people  is  how  the  autonomous  tractors  can  be  of  benefit  to  the  farmers.  numerous  benefits  can  be  linked  to  the  use  of  autonomous  tractors  in  the  agricultural  sector  today.  it  is  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy undeniable  fact  that  farming  is  not  an  easy  venture  it  involves  working  for  long  hours  and  the  subscription  to  hard  labor  in  harsh  weather  conditions.  taking  into  consideration  the  poor  state  of  farmers,  the  majority  of  them  have  no  employees  to  task  them  in  the  farmland  and  hence,  have  to  do  everything  all  by  themselves.  the  autonomous  tractors  can  come  in  handy.  accuracy  and  precision  are  important  aspects  in  agriculture  in  various  aspects  such  as  planting.  the  autonomous  tractors  are  equipped  with  automatic  planting  systems  that  ensure  high  accuracy  when  planting.  with  such  abilities,  farmers  are  assured  of  seed  conservation.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy subsequently,  the  use  of  such  tractors  guarantees  high  return  on  investment  since  accuracy  is  enhanced  minimizing  the  number  of  seeds  that  go  into  waste.  one  of  the  factors  that  hinder  agricultural  production  in  both  developed  and  developing  countries  is  the  lack  of  enough  labor.  normally,  farmers  grow  a  small  section  of  land  which  they  are  sure  to  manage  with  their  limited  labor.  however,  with  the  adoption  of  the  driverless  tractors,  the  problem  of  labor  insufficiency  is  catered  for  since  you  reduce  the  number  of  employees  you  need  in  the  farmland.  data  plays  a  significant  role  in  determining  the  farmers  decisions.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy usually,  the  absence  of  clear  and  reliable  data  can  interfere  with  the  decisions  farmers  make,  and  subsequently,  have  adverse  impacts  on  the  amount  of  outcome  obtained  from  the  fields.  there  are  diverse  sources  and  types  of  data  that  a  farmer  needs  to  succeed  in  their  farming  activities.  for  example,  data  on  soil  is  important  in  that  it  helps  farmers  in  determining  what  crops  will  do  well  in  a  given  piece  of  land  by  establishing  the  moisture  content,  and  the  amount  of  nutrients.  the  autonomous  tractors  are  fitted  with  sensors  that  can  be  used  in  the  collection  of  data  on  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy conditions  of  the  soil,  and  hence,  offer  a  platform  for  improving  the  outcome  of  the  available  crops.  the  elimination  of  the  human  phycology  in  farming  following  the  use  of  autonomous  tractors  is  advantageous.  stressed  employees  cannot  achieved  the  required  efficiency  level  in  the  fields.  similarly,  it  is  often  hard  for  humans  to  manage  diverse  tasks  on  the  farm  especially  where  a  large  farmland  is  involved.  selfdriving  tractors  have  the  appropriate  sensors  to  offer  the  necessary  help  in  the  management  of  a  several  tasks  in  the  farmland  hence;  reducing  stress  and  the  workload  in  the  farm.  the  autonomous  tractors  run  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy high  level  technology  that  can  be  used  in  gathering  high  profile  information.  for  example,  some  models  have  automatic  steering  abilities  and  gps  technologies  which  enhance  the  control  of  the  tractors  course.  the  advanced  sensors  come  in  handy  in  the  determination  of  soil  moisture  level,  activities  around  planting  and  harvesting,  present  yield,  as  well  as  the  amount  of  fuel  needed  for  a  given  area  of  land.  additionally,  other  models  of  autonomous  tractors  can  guide  farmers  on  how  to  apply  fertilizers.  autonomous  tractors  allow  precise  control  of  work  and  farm  equipment.  this  makes  it  possible  for  farmers  to  extend  their  working  hours.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  sensors  fitted  in  the  tractors  can  guide  it  in  the  right  course  even  in  conditions  of  reduced  visibility  and  at  night  work  continues  even  during  windy,  dusty,  and  foggy  conditions.  additionally,  the  ability  of  the  tractors  to  reduce  workload  and  stress  on  employees  comes  in  handy  in  increased  working  hours  in  a  day  since  the  farmer  has  a  greater  flexibility  in  the  management  of  growing  tasks.  evidently,  the  future  of  farming  is  here;  autonomous  tractors  can  greatly  improve  farming.  however,  the  selfdriving  tractors  are  yet  to  be  approved  and  hence,  you  will  need  to  monitor  your  tractor  for  speed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  performance.  nevertheless,  the  adoption  of  selfdriving  tractors  is  a  great  invention  that  can  revolutionize  agriculture  in  a  big  way  found  the  article  useful,  do  not  keep  it  share  widely  to  help  a  farmer  your  email  address  will  not  be  published.  required  fields  are  marked
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  case  ih  autonomous  concept  tractor  draws  the  crowds  during  the  uk  premier  at  goodwood  festival  of  speed  case  ih  presents  as  vision  for  the  future  of  farming  with  its  autonomous  concept  tractor  the  fos  future  lab  aims  to  inspire  the  next  generation  of  engineers  and  scientists  and  case  ih  did  just  that  with  its  autonomous  concept  tractor.  newsroom:  campaign:  ,  a  global  agricultural  equipment  brand  of  ,  presented  its  vision  for  a  possible  future  of  farming:  their  autonomous  concept  tractor  at  the  goodwood  fos,  which  took  place  in  the  uk.  the  autonomous  concept  tractor  was  on  display  at  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fos  exhibit,  which  is  goodwoods  technology  and  innovation  pavilion,  featuring  dynamic,  interactive  content  to  inspire  everyone  from  experienced  industry  audiences  to  younger  fos  attendees  the  next  generation  of  scientists,  inventors  and  explorers.  the  case  ih  autonomous  concept  tractor  captivated  the  international  audience,  and  showcased  advanced  farming  technology  and  futuristic  design.  this  groundbreaking  tractor  is  equipped  with  a  range  of  technologies  that  are  used  for  remote  monitoring  and  control  via  a  pc  or  tablet,  meaning  that  once  the  tractor  is  in  the  field  it  can  work  completely  independently,  eliminating  the  need  for  a  driver  to  observe  operation,  and  so  removing  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy need  for  a  cab.  should  the  tractor  encounter  an  obstacle  it  automatically  stops,  the  owner  is  alerted,  and  the  machine  does  not  restart  until  camera  feeds  are  checked  and  a  decision  on  whether  the  tractor  can  continue  is  taken.  it  also  offers  the  future  potential  to  automatically  adapt  to  weather  events;  for  example,  the  tractor  would  stop  automatically  should  it  become  apparent  changeable  weather  would  cause  a  problem,  then  recommence  work  when  conditions  have  sufficiently  improved.  alternatively,  if  on  private  roads,  it  can  be  sent  to  another  field  destination  where  conditions  are  better  where  soils  are  lighter  or  there  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy been  no  rain,  for  example.  key  benefits  of  autonomous  technology  include  the  optimisation  of  farming  operations,  especially  during  tight  weather  windows,  as  the  acv  can  work  around  the  clock  with  no  variation  in  productivity.  it  also  enables  agribusinesses  to  both  redeploy  labour  to  value  added  tasks,  as  the  acv  could  conduct  routine  infield  activities,  as  well  as  helping  businesses  overcome  the  lack  of  skilled  labour.  although  the  acv  is  still  a  concept,  key  technologies,  which  derives  from  the  autonomous  research  and  development  program,  have  already  been  rolled  out  on  currentlyavailable  case  ih  equipment.  cnh  industrial  is  an  official  partner  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  on  marcus  hall  was  nine  years  old  when  he  first  drove  a  tractor  on  his  familys  sprawling  iowa  farm,  eschewing  tonka  trucks  and  matchbox  cars  for  long  rides  on  heavy  machinery.  growing  up  on  a  multigenerational  family  farm  is  common  in  an  agricultural  state  like  iowa,  where  nearly  27  million  acres  are  devoted  to  croplandout  of  the  35  million  acres  that  make  up  the  state.  for  many,  the  experience  ties  them  to  the  earth.  the  sense  of  freedom  in  an  open  field  entices  each  season.  hall  grew  up  with  all  the  trappings  of  a  future  farmer,  but  a  penchant
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  technology  led  him  down  a  more  experimental  pathto  the  test  farm  of  ag  equipment  giant  john  deere.  as  manager  of  the  test  farm,  hall  gets  to  run  field  trials  of  john  deeres  hightech  farm  equipment  before  it  goes  to  market.  its  the  proverbial  dream  job  for  a  selfdescribed  farm  boy.  i  just  enjoy  being  out  on  the  tractor,  says  hall.  plus,  its  fun  being  part  of  this  type  of  technology  and  the  leading  edge  of  whats  out  there.  its  a  warm,  breezy  day  in  late  may  2018,  when  we  meet  up  with  hall  at  john  deeres  test  facility  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bondurant,  ia.  the  farm  sits  on  an  unassuming  patch  of  land  framed  by  twolane  roads.  blue  skies  and  a  quintessential  midwest  flatness  consume  the  horizon.  tractor  engines  form  a  steady  hum  in  the  background.  this  is  where  john  deere  runs  operational  tests  of  its  nextgeneration  precision  farming  systemsmassive  tractors  and  combines  that  plant  and  harvest  crops  in  thousandacre  fields.  hall  slides  into  the  drivers  seat  of  a  new  john  deere  rowcrop  tractor,  preparing  for  our  test  drive.  his  seat  is  flanked  on  the  right  with  an  array  of  ipads,  touchscreens,  and  control  panels,  which  slightly  obscure  a  wraparound  windshield  encasing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  twoseater  cockpit.  with  a  few  taps  on  an  ipad,  he  checks  that  the  system  is  ready  for  seed  disbursement,  citing  terms  like  row  population,  back  pressure,  and  singulation.  the  tractor  eases  into  motion,  and  after  a  few  more  control  checks,  hall  sits  back,  hands  folded  comfortably  in  his  lap.  the  tractor  is  driving  itself.  by  most  accounts,  john  deeres  steel  plow  is  one  of  the  earliest  examples  of  farm  technology  built  in  modern  times.  many  years  and  a  technological  boom  later,  the  farm  has  grown  into  a  launchpad  of  innovation,  with  some  of  the  first  highimpact  use  cases  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gps  guidance  and  selfdriving  vehicle  systems  taking  shape  among  the  crops.  at  the  core  of  this  new  era  in  farming  is  precision  agriculture,  a  farming  management  concept  that  uses  technology  to  observe,  measure,  and  respond  to  field  variability  in  crops.  as  the  concept  has  evolved,  its  allowed  farmers  to  view  their  cropland  as  sub  zones  within  a  field  to  optimize  equipment  and  supplies  like  fertilizer,  herbicides,  and  water.  more  refined  applications  are  trying  to  take  that  precision  all  the  way  down  to  the  plant  level,  allowing  farmers  to  understand  and  treat  plants  individually.  in  john  deeres  case,  innovation  has  ramped
__label__controloptimizationautonomy up  since  its  purchase  of  artificial  intelligence  ai  startup  blue  river  technology  in  2017.  the  acquisition  cemented  john  deeres  arrival  in  silicon  valley  and  now  supports  its  efforts  to  incorporate  machine  learning,  deep  learning,  and  robotics  into  the  brains  of  its  precision  farm  equipment.  the  goal  is  to  use  automated  driving  technology,  computer  vision,  telematics,  and  cloudbased  mobile  applications  to  help  farmers  double  or  triple  their  yieldsa  feat  that  will  be  key  to  keeping  up  with  global  food  demands  as  the  earths  population  grows  over  the  next  30  years.  ,  theres  going  to  be  nine  billion  people  on  the  planet,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy said  terry  pickett,  manager  of  advanced  engineering  for  john  deeres  intelligent  solutions  group.  and  to  feed  those  people,  theres  different  estimates  out  there,  but  we  probably  need  to  increase  current  production  by  70.  thats  not  very  long  away  when  you  look  at  the  number  of  years  it  takes  to  develop  the  type  of  equipment  and  technology  we  need.  its  a  real  race.  watch  natalie  gagliordi  tour  the  john  deere  test  farm  in  bondurant,  ia.  in  the  late  1990s,  john  deere  became  one  of  the  first  farm  equipment  vendors  to  bring  gps  guidance  to  agriculture.  nowadays,  gps  guidance  is  almost  ubiquitous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  large  production  ag  and  farming.  gps  guidance  is  arguably  the  most  significant  technological  advancement  that  has  come  out  of  the  precision  ag  movement  over  the  last  two  decades,  says  john  stone,  senior  vice  president  for  john  deeres  intelligentsolutions  group.  the  reason  gps  is  so  important,  stone  posits,  is  because  its  what  makes  both  precision  and  automation  possible.  driving  a  tractor  isnt  like  driving  a  carthere  are  no  yellow  and  white  lines  to  keep  drivers  in  check.  to  plow  straight,  the  farmers  of  yore  used  the  hood  ornamentakin  to  a  gunsightto  line  up  the  tractor  with  a  distant  landmark,  like
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  tall  tree  or  a  jut  in  the  hillside.  by  aiming  for  that  landmark,  the  farmer  could  keep  the  tractors  path  straight  within  a  reasonable  margin  of  error.  but  a  tractor  is  usually  pulling  a  plow,  or  some  other  implement,  upwards  of  30  feet  wide,  meaning  the  driver  not  only  had  to  stay  focused  on  the  distant  tree,  but  constantly  turn  and  look  to  make  sure  the  plow  was  still  in  line.  if  im  a  tractor  operator,  i  need  to  be  more  concerned  with  whats  going  on  behind  me,  said  stone.  planting  seeds  in  the  right  place,  and  doing  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy job  with  the  right  precision,  is  far  more  important  than,  am  i  steering  the  tractor  in  a  straight  line?  so  we  let  the  technology,  the  gps  guidance,  do  that  for  you.  and  the  operator  can  focus  on  more  highvalue  added  tasks.  with  advanced  gps,  a  tractor  operator  can  tell  which  rows  have  been  planted  to  avoid  overlap.  as  for  the  precision  aspect,  gps  receivers  built  by  john  deere  provide  navigation  accuracy  down  to  one  inch.  in  the  context  of  farming,  that  accuracy  is  critical  to  making  sure  every  seed  is  in  the  right  place,  with  the  right  depth,  soil  contact,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  spacing  that  it  needs  to  grow  into  a  foodproducing  crop.  the  combination  of  precision  and  automation  has  already  made  a  consequential  impact  on  the  job  of  farming.  today,  precision  ag  touches  on  every  little  bit  of  our  operation,  said  jamie  blythe,  owner  of  the  blythe  cotton  company  in  town  creek,  al.  she  grew  up  fifth  generation  on  the  farm  and  became  a  formal  partner  in  operations  when  she  was  18.  i  was  probably  one  of  the  last  generations  to  actually  chop  cotton  in  my  area,  and  since  i  was  a  kid  things  have  changed  drastically,  she  said.  blythe  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy her  husband  work  3,500  acres  on  what  she  describes  as  a  midsize  farm  for  her  area.  in  2007  they  implemented  john  deeres  autotrac  guidance  system  on  their  equipment,  and  now  utilize  an  array  of  technology  geared  toward  equipment  and  input,  monitoring,  and  data  collection  and  analysis.  with  these  systems,  blythe  said  crop  yields  have  doubled  over  the  past  10  years.  some  of  the  gains  are  due  to  to  better  agronomics,  seed  selection,  and  use  of  hybrid  seeds,  but  theyre  also  attributable  to  land  optimization  thanks  to  precision  ag.  its  no  longer  possible  to  manage  a  field  as  one  complete  entity,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy blythe  said.  due  to  the  variability  in  our  soil  types,  elevation,  and  microenvironments,  we  now  manage  fields  in  zones  that  allow  us  to  tailor  inputs  to  the  specific  yield  potential  of  those  parts  of  the  field.  precision  ag  technology  has  made  a  huge  difference  in  helping  us  make  a  quicker  transition  to  the  more  modern  style  of  management.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  tangible  for  todays  farmers.  the  machines  farmers  employ  to  traverse  their  fields  are  stuffed  with  sensors  and  software  that  gather  data,  process  it  with  machine  learning,  and  beam  it  into  mobile  apps.  the  sensors  are  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy eyes  of  the  machine.  the  software  and  mobile  apps  bring  the  data  to  life.  on  john  deeres  myoperations  app,  for  instance,  a  machine  operator  can  see  the  five  most  critical  settings  of  a  combine  while  its  harvesting  a  field  of  corn.  if  a  setting  is  out  of  whack,  the  operator  can  adjust  the  settings  of  one  or  multiple  combines  remotely  from  a  mobile  device.  in  many  cases,  farmers  are  operating  across  10  to  15  mile  radiuses  for  their  fields,  said  lane  arthur,  director  of  digital  solutions  for  john  deere.  obviously  they  cant  be  in  every  spot  at  once.  they  need
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  technology  and  connectivity  in  order  to  see  in  real  time  whats  actually  happening.  thats  critical  for  the  onthego  decision  making  that  farmers  face.  john  deere  began  using  gps  regularly  around  1997.  roughly  20  years  on,  iot  now  has  a  firm  foundation  in  precision  agriculture.  the  next  mission  for  agtech  vendors  is  to  apply  ai  to  the  three  main  steps  of  the  farming  processplanting,  spraying,  and  harvesting.  each  of  these  steps  has  a  material  impact  on  a  farmers  output  and  productivity.  the  massive  arms  of  a  john  deere  crop  sprayer  unfold  like  a  transformer.  the  planting  stage  is  especially  intricate,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sort  of  like  performing  surgery  on  dirt.  a  tractor  with  a  planter  attached  creates  beds  where  the  seeds  are  planted;  and  furrows,  which  are  the  narrow  trenches  between  the  beds.  as  this  happens,  seeds  are  shot  out  at  a  certain  cadence  to  ensure  proper  depth  and  spacing.  if  a  seed  fails  to  land  in  the  right  spot,  it  doesnt  get  watered  and  fertilized  efficiently,  and  most  likely  doesnt  grow.  with  ai,  john  deere  envisions  a  planter  that  can  be  made  to  understand  the  ground  conditions  and  alter  planting  settings  automatically.  the  spraying  step  needs  to  make  the  same  type  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tiny  precisions  as  the  planting  step.  weeds  cost  farmers  an  estimated  11  billion  a  year,  according  to  the  us  environmental  protection  agency  epa.  for  john  deere,  this  is  where  the  motives  for  its  acquisition  of  blue  river  become  obvious.  blue  river  made  the  see  spray,  a  weed  control  cotton  machine  thats  capable  of  seeing  the  ground  and  distinguishing  between  crops  and  the  weeds,  down  to  a  level  of  millimeters.  it  then  zaps  the  weedsand  only  the  weedswith  herbicides  to  kill  them  off.  precision  spraying  solves  a  bunch  of  herbicide  resistance  problems  for  cotton  growers,  said  willy  pell,  director  of  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  for  blue  river.  it  saves  them  about  90  on  herbicides;  so  its  better  for  the  environment,  better  for  their  pocketbook,  and  gets  a  better  result  as  well.  pell  said  the  harvesting  step  is  due  for  a  similar  ai  treatment.  eventually,  harvesters  will  have  the  brains  to  adjust  their  blades  to  a  custom  setting  for  individual  stalks,  rather  than  operating  on  a  single  setting  for  an  entire  field.  the  really,  really  exciting  part  is  closing  the  whole  loop,  pell  said.  think  of  a/b  testing  for  agriculture.  we  can  induce  variation  at  various  parts  of  the  grow  stage,  and  run  experiments
__label__controloptimizationautonomy all  the  time  to  generate  agronomic  knowledge,  so  that  every  year  deere  equipment  gets  put  out  in  the  field,  it  does  it  better  and  better  and  better.  the  next  stage  of  precision  ag  is  to  go  down  to  the  plant  level,  pell  continued.  with  cameras,  with  onboard  computing,  computer  vision,  and  machine  learning,  we  can  understand  what  that  plant  needs  and  give  it  exactly  what  it  needs  right  then  and  there.  the  potential  upsides  to  this  are  yield  doubling  with  the  same  machine.  the  farming  advances  john  deere  and  others  in  the  precision  ag  industry  are  working  on  tie  into
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  range  of  issues  facing  todays  farmers.  some  of  the  ag  tech  benefits  are  blatant,  like  saving  farmers  time  and  money,  and  boosting  average  crop  yields;  but  others  stem  from  more  complex  global  concerns,  like  weather  uncertainties  and  labor  shortages,  and  a  rising  demand  for  healthier,  sustainably  grown  food.  adapting  to  weather  changes  is  a  constant  in  the  job  of  farming,  as  severe  weather  events  brought  on  by  rising  temperatures  and  atmospheric  changes  are  known  to  cripple  crop  yields.  recent  analysis  from  the  national  academy  of  sciences  that  looked  into  the  climate  impact  on  crop  yields  produced  sobering  results.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy studys  authors  argue  that  for  each  1  celsius  rise  in  global  mean  temperature  there  would  be  a  7.4  decrease  in  yields  of  corn,  a  6  decrease  in  yields  of  wheat,  and  a  3  yield  decrease  in  rice.  modern  farmers  now  look  to  technology  and  data  to  understand  and  mitigate  the  impacts  brought  on  by  climate  variability.  even  with  a  perfectly  balanced  scenario  of  seeding,  spraying,  and  harvesting,  the  inevitable  unknownsbe  it  floods,  droughts,  or  pestsalways  remain  a  threat.  but  agronomic  data  gathered  by  precision  farming  systems  allows  farmers  to  stay  ahead  of  these  threats  and  work  around  problems  when  they
__label__controloptimizationautonomy arise.  we  see  data  really  helping  farmers  make  more  informed  decisions  around  what  they  should  be  doing,  said  arthur.  in  the  event  of  bad  weather,  for  example,  my  hope  is  that  our  sensors  and  our  technology  will  allow  them  to  adjust  and  adapt.  even  in  a  bad  scenario,  precision  ag  really  helps  the  farmer  preserve  and  conserve  the  value  they  have  in  their  field.  and  then  theres  the  labor  dilemma.  from  2005  to  2019,  an  estimated  58  million  fewer  people  will  be  employed  in  agriculture,  a  decrease  of  11  of  the  agricultural  workforce,  according  to  data  from  the  global  harvest
__label__controloptimizationautonomy initiative.  similarly,  ,  compounding  the  workforce  shortage  on  farms.  meanwhile,  the  average  us  farm  clocks  in  at  ,  or  roughly  330  football  fields,  per  the  us  department  of  agriculture  usda.  boiled  down,  this  means  more  acres  of  cropland  are  at  risk  of  being  underutilized  or  abandoned  due  to  a  lack  of  farm  labor.  john  deere  performs  field  tests  on  its  newest  planters  and  sprayers  at  its  test  farm  in  bondurant,  ia.  back  at  the  blythe  cotton  company,  3,500  acres  are  maintained  by  a  total  of  five  peoplethe  husband  and  wife  ownership  team  and  three  laborers.  jamie  blythe  recalls  a  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  cheap,  plentiful  labor  when  she  was  growing  up  on  the  farm.  but  then  diesel  fuel  became  more  expensive,  and  people  started  leaving  the  area.  blythe  said  the  farm  was  forced  to  evolve,  adapting  a  more  streamlined  operations  approach  to  get  work  done,  and,  in  the  end,  survive.  my  husband  and  i  operate  the  equipment  with  three  other  guys,  blythe  said.  as  a  result,  we  need  to  maximize  the  use  and  efficiency  of  our  equipment  and  technology.  this  has  been  a  very  gradual,  organic  evolution,  but  at  some  point  i  looked  around  and  realized  this  is  the  only  way  were
__label__controloptimizationautonomy going  to  stay  in  business.  whats  even  more  important  than  yield  increase  is  the  increase  of  profit  by  acre,  explained  blythe.  the  net  profit  per  acre  is  extremely  important  because  the  amount  we  put  in  per  an  acre  to  increase  yield  and  to  make  sure  its  appropriate  is  whats  going  to  keep  us  in  business,  she  said.  equally  important  are  time  and  energy  saved,  not  just  in  diesel  fuel  but  also  in  physical  energy.  there  are  very  few  of  us  out  on  the  field,  and  we  need  to  be  going  anywhere  from  12  to  20  hours  a  day  and  still
__label__controloptimizationautonomy come  home  to  our  families.  if  we  can  maximize  the  amount  of  energy  we  put  out  and  still  have  energy  to  play  with  our  kids  at  the  end  of  the  day,  then  thats  the  biggest  benefit  for  us.  food  safety,  nutrition,  and  sustainability  are  also  driving  forces  behind  innovations  in  ag.  data  from  the  shows  that  a  rising  number  of  consumers  want  to  ensure  their  food  is  sustainably  produced  and  many  are  concerned  about  the  safety,  price,  and  availability  of  nutritious  food.  diets  are  improving,  and  thats  compounding  the  need  and  demand  for  grains,  said  john  deeres  john  stone.  weve
__label__controloptimizationautonomy got  to  find  a  way  to  meet  that  need.  precision  technology,  we  feel,  is  the  way  to  do  that.  precision  agriculture  can  also  help  the  food  industry  to  become  more  sustainable.  for  instance,  data  generated  by  sensors  allows  farmers  to  see  areas  where  soil  moisture  has  dropped  and  prevents  them  from  wasting  water  in  areas  that  dont  need  it.  sensors  can  also  collect  data  about  soil  nutrient  profiles,  enabling  farmers  to  use  precise  fertilizer  applications  only  where  the  soil  requires  it.  we  use  water  sensors  to  measure  soil  moisture  and  various  depths  in  the  soil  profile,  said  blythe.  less  than
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 10  of  our  acres  are  irrigated,  but  those  sensors  help  me  make  decisions  to  utilize  our  water  resources  in  a  more  sustainable  manner.  a  farmer  often  says  they  have  40  shots  to  get  it  right  in  their  lifetime.  they  start  farming  around  age  20  and  aim  to  retire  around  age  60.  every  year  is  a  new  experiment,  with  unseen  variables  they  cant  control.  maybe  the  grounds  a  little  different,  or  the  weather  patterns  change,  or  theyre  trying  out  different  seeds  and  new  equipment.  the  role  of  ai  in  all  of  this  is  to  help  farmers  learn  from  the  sort  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a/b  tests  that  are  happening  all  around  them.  an  ai  system  can  look  across  a  farmers  operations  to  analyze  data  on  weather,  temperature,  moisture,  and  soil  composition,  and  provide  insights  on  how  to  optimize  equipment,  improve  planning,  minimize  waste  and  increase  yields.  we  have  the  sensors  in  all  of  these  parts  of  the  farming  job,  and  now  we  can  actually  use  ai  to  begin  to  have  insights  about  what  is  the  best  way  to  approach  farming  challenges  given  certain  conditions,  said  julian  sanchez,  director  of  the  john  deere  european  technology  innovation  center.  its  really  impossible  to  do  without  something  like
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ai  because  otherwise,  youre  just  deterministically  trying  to  understand  multivariate  equations,  endlessly.  john  deere  test  farm  manager  marcus  hall  makes  lastminute  system  checks  on  a  new  row  crop  tractor  from  an  ipad.  consider  the  need  to  boost  crop  yields.  the  predicts  that  the  worlds  population  of  7.3  billion  will  grow  to  nearly  10  billion  by  2050.  some  estimates,  such  as  the  one  cited  by  john  deeres  terry  pickett,  puts  that  figure  closer  to  9  billion.  in  either  case,  theres  consensus  that  to  feed  those  additional  people  by  2050,  the  global  food  supply  needs  to  at  least  double,  and  global  agricultural
__label__controloptimizationautonomy productivity  needs  to  increase  by  1.75  a  year.  how  close  weve  come  to  meeting  these  food  production  goals  depends  on  the  statistic.  one  barometer  raising  concern  is  whats  known  as  total  factor  productivity  tfp,  a  measure  of  agricultural  productivity  that  takes  into  account  all  of  the  land,  labor,  capital,  and  material  resources  utilized  in  farm  production  and  compares  them  with  the  total  amount  of  crop  and  livestock  output.  the  2017  gap  index  that  for  the  fourth  straight  year,  global  tfp  growth  is  not  accelerating  fast  enough  to  sustainably  double  agricultural  output  by  2050.  when  put  into  a  historical  context,  however,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  overall  productivity  gains  are  promising.  according  to  the  us  department  of  agriculture  usda,  in  1940  the  average  american  farmer  fed  19  people  a  year;  today  the  usda  estimates  that  the  average  american  farmer  feeds  155  people.  breaking  it  down  to  individual  crops,  corn  yields  in  the  us  grew  by  61  between  1980  and  2015,  while  soybean  yields  improved  by  29  over  the  same  period.  its  a  similar  story  with  labor.  in  the  early  1800s,  it  would  take  about  300  hours  of  labor  to  produce  100  bushels  of  wheat.  today,  with  the  application  of  technology  and  ai,  it  takes  less
__label__controloptimizationautonomy than  an  hour  to  produce  100  bushels  of  wheat.  nevertheless,  theres  a  consensus  that  farmers  will  be  challenged  to  do  even  more  in  the  years  ahead,  and  technology  will  be  key  to  making  it  happen.  the  precision  ag  industry  is  aiming  high  when  it  comes  to  food  production  targets,  but  the  technologies  being  developed  right  now  cannot  exist  effectively  without  the  proper  infrastructure.  for  hightech  farming  systems,  the  infrastructure  challenge  boils  down  to  connectivity,  and  in  many  rural  settings,  the  lack  thereof.  in  rural  america,  5g  technology  is  a  promising  connectivity  development.  the  fifthgeneration  wireless  broadband  technology  is  expected  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy bring  lowlatency  wireless  speeds  of  up  to  1gb/s  to  parts  of  the  country  that  typically  lack  coverage.  while  5g  is  not  yet  widely  available,  john  deere  is  optimistic  about  its  potential  to  support  new  precision  agriculture  capabilities  on  farm  equipment  with  realtime  connectivity.  highspeed  connectivity  is  essential  to  the  technology  inside  john  deeres  farm  equipment.  john  deere  says  that  every  new  machine  that  leaves  its  factory  has  a  4g  lte  modem,  wifi,  and  bluetooth.  the  idea  is  to  have  farm  equipment  thats  able  to  communicate  with  other  machines  on  the  field  by  streaming  data  from  vehicle  to  cloud  and  back
__label__controloptimizationautonomy down  to  machine  operators  in  the  shortest  time  possible.  machinetomachine  communication  is  what  helps  farmers  prevent  row  overlap  if  theyre  running  multiple  machines  at  the  same  time.  it  also  lets  operators  share  data  with  each  other  for  things  like  machine  optimization.  marcus  hall  checks  system  connectivity  on  one  of  john  deeres  newest  row  crop  tractors.  with  connectivity  the  machines  become  socially  aware,  knowing  exactly  where  other  machines  are  located  in  relation  to  themselves.  so  you  might  have  two  combines  in  the  same  field  harvesting  the  same  crop,  said  sanchez.  right  now  we  have  to  assume  there  will  be  30  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 60  second  delays  in  communications  between  these  combines  while  they  upload  data  to  the  cloud,  have  it  processed,  and  downloaded  to  the  other  combine  so  they  can  share  information.  with  5g,  sanchez  said  communication  between  those  two  combines  through  the  cloud  could  be  cut  down  to  less  than  one  second.  of  course,  there  are  vast  infrastructure  challenges  to  reaching  this  kind  of  connectivity  utopia  in  americas  heartland.  telecommunications  providers  caution  that  5g  wireless  could  struggle  in  rural  areas,  particularly  ones  with  lots  of  trees  and  foliage,  and  could  encounter  other  issues  due  to  low  population  density.  as  a  result,  adoption
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  precision  agriculture  systems  is  limited  in  many  rural  areas  due  to  a  lack  of  broadband  service.  although  were  still  years  from  realizing  the  true  potential  of  rural  5g,  the  precision  ag  industry  plans  to  continue  making  advancements  to  farm  technology  until  us  telcos  and  regulators  catch  up.  food  security  is  an  issue  facing  all  of  humanity.  the  suggest  that  the  world  is  careening  toward  a  dystopian  future  where  food  shortages  prompt  riots  and  wars.  its  an  unlikely  outcome,  but  still  motivating  for  companies  like  john  deere.  the  farm  equipment  giant  is  rallying  around  emerging  technologies  that  will  improve  its
__label__controloptimizationautonomy precision  farming  systems  and  help  stabilize  the  worlds  food  supply  for  the  years  ahead.  executives  from  john  deere  are  now  known  to  roam  the  floors  of  ces,  the  massive  technology  conference  held  each  year  in  las  vegas,  looking  for  new  moon  shot  ideas  to  bring  into  the  fold.  in  the  near  term,  john  deere  is  focused  on  ways  to  incorporate  computer  vision,  augmented  with  deep  learning  algorithms  and  ai,  into  nextgen  precision  farming  systems.  we  also  monitor  quite  a  bit  the  progress  in  automotive,  especially  things  around  the  connected  vehicle,  said  sanchez.  if  you  track  our  capabilities  in  having  mobile
__label__controloptimizationautonomy devices  as  part  of  our  vehicle  ecosystems,  it  drags  very,  very  closely  with  the  connected  vehicle,  the  connected  model.  john  deere  is  also  watching  developments  around  microelectromechanical  systems  mems,  nanoelectromechanical  systems,  and  nanotechnology.  these  technologies  tie  into  the  sensors  used  in  precision  ag  to  collect  different  types  of  information.  they  give  us  capabilities  that  are  unimaginable,  said  blue  rivers  pell.  the  question  is,  which  ones  will  become  popular,  and  can  use  them  in  a  low  cost  manner?  we  try  to  focus  on  one  technology  and  watch  it  swirl,  and  then  well  pick  it  up  at  some  point  when  its  very
__label__controloptimizationautonomy valuable  to  us  and  our  customers.  but  technology  advances  in  the  private  sector  only  represent  one  side  of  the  global  food  supply  equation.  in  the  us,  some  of  the  responsibility  falls  to  the  department  of  agriculture  and  funding  it  allocates  via  farm  bills  toward  research  and  development  of  sustainable  production  technologies.  experts  within  the  ,  which  advocates  for  agricultural  research  funding,  the  usdas  annual  research  budget  needs  to  increase  substantially  from  todays  levels  in  order  to  revitalize  the  productivity  growth  rates  of  american  agriculture  and  ensure  the  sustainability  of  the  sector.  regulators  should  also  be  conscious  of  land  shrinkage  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  impacts  it  could  have  on  us  food  production.  the  projects  that  more  than  40  acres  of  us  farm  and  ranch  land  are  lost  every  hour  to  urban  sprawl  or  development.  on  a  global  scale,  scientists  also  estimate  a  more  than  2  loss  of  highly  productive  cropland  due  to  urban  expansion.  technology  advancements  also  present  an  obstacle  for  farmers.  the  team  back  at  the  blythe  cotton  company  admits  to  the  learning  curve  they  still  face  when  adopting  new  technologies.  in  the  end,  its  up  to  the  men  and  women  out  in  the  field  to  make  sense  of  precision  ag  technology
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  how  to  truly  utilize  the  systems  to  their  potential.  the  scope  of  precision  ag  is  so  tremendous,  and  theres  so  many  different  applications  to  it  that  i  feel  like  were  still  getting  our  toes  wet,  said  blythe.  in  20  years  from  now,  precision  ag  will  drastically  change  the  way  we  farm.  photo  credit  for  hero  image:  derek  poore  natalie  gagliordi  is  a  staff  writer  for  cbs  interactive  based  in  louisville,  kentucky,  covering  business  technology  for  zdnet.  she  previously  worked  as  the  editor  of  kiosk  marketplace,  an  online  b2b  trade  publication  that  focused  on  interactive  self...
__label__controloptimizationautonomy find  support  information  for  all  case  ih  precision  farming  products  to  make  sure  you  get  the  information  youre  looking  for,  quickly  and  efficiently.  learn  about  the  afs  support  center,  open  support  tickets  and  transfer  files.  in  one  place,  find  troubleshooting  information  for  all  of  precision  farming  products.  registering  the  precision  farming  products  you  own  will  keep  all  of  those  products  nicely  organized  in  the  my  afs  products  section.  this  will  allow  you  to  quickly  find  the  information  you  need,  for  your  products,  when  you  have  more  important  things  to  do.  the  my  support  ticket  area  displays  the  current  and  closed
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  many  parts  of  the  world,  finding  skilled  labour  during  peak  use  seasons  is  a  constant  challenge.  case  ih  developed  the  autonomous  concept  vehicle  and  unveiled  it  in  2016  to  demonstrate  how  it  would  be  possible  to  remotely  monitor  and  control  machines  directly.in  the  future  this  kind  of  technology  will  offer  greater  operational  efficiencies  for  tasks  such  as  tillage,  planting,  spraying  and  harvesting.  now,  through  its  autonomy  and  automation  program,  case  ih  is  researching  and  piloting  autonomous  technology  in  reallife  scenarios.  since  the  reveal  of  the  autonomous  concept  vehicle,  case  ih  has  been  evolving  the  technology  and  further  defining  automation
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  autonomy  as  it  relates  to  agriculture.  in  2018,  case  ih  is  collaborating  with  bolthouse  farms  on  an  autonomous  tractor  pilot  program.  the  goal  of  the  program  is  to  understand  how  new  autonomous  technology  can  be  used  and  how  it  meets  realworld,  onfarm  requirements.  agquip  2017  was  the  perfect  backdrop  for  case  ihs  175th  anniversary  celebrations  and  the  unveiling  of  the  autonomous  concept  vehicle  in  australia  for  the  first  time  was  the  focus  of  three  days  of  festivities  ...  it  has  the  potential  to  revolutionise  agriculture  and  since  its  unveilling  last  year  has  created  a  buzz  around  the  world  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy now  case  ihs  autonomous  concept  vehicle  acv  is  coming  to  australia  for  the  first  time.  case  ih  unveiled  an  autonomous  concept  vehicle  today  at  the  farm  progress  show  in  boone,  iowa.  the  concept  vehicle  is  a  cabless  case  ih  row  crop  tractor  that  can  operate  autonomously  with  a  wide  range  of  field  implements.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  provide  you  with  a  more  responsive  and  personalized  service,  this  site  uses  cookies.  by  clicking  accept,  you  agree  to  our  use  of  cookies.  for  more  information  on  the  ones  we  use  and  how  to  delete  or  block  them  please  read  our  policy.  26feb2017  more  info  download  media  cart  more  info  download  media  cart  share  of  more  info  download  media  cart  more  info  download  media  cart  share  en  autonomous  tractor  technology  shows  way  forward  for  farming:  enhancing  efficiency  and  working  conditions  in  agriculture  it  la  tecnologia  del  trattore  autonomo  apre  la  strada  verso  il  futuro  dellagricoltura,  ottimizzando  i  parametri  di
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rendime  fr  la  technologie  du  tracteur  autonome  ouvre  la  voie  une  nouvelle  agriculture,  avec  de  meilleures  conditions  de  travail  e  de  autonome  traktoren  weisen  den  weg  in  die  zukunft:  mehr  effizienz  und  bessere  arbeitsbedingungen  in  der  landwirtschaft  es  la  tecnologa  del  tractor  autnomo  muestra  el  rumbo  de  las  explotaciones  agrcolas:  ms  eficacia  y  mejores  condiciones  d  nl  autonome  tractortechnologie  toont  de  weg  vooruit  voor  de  landbouw:  verbetering  van  efficintie  en  werkomstandigheden  in  pl  autonomiczny  cignik  wytyczna  nowe  horyzonty  w  rolnictwie:  wzrost  wydajnoci  i  popraw  warunkw  pracy  da  den  selvkrende  traktorteknologi  viser  vejen  fremad  for  landbruget:  effektiviteten  ges,  og  arbejdsforholdene  i
__label__controloptimizationautonomy landbrug  uk  :  case  ih  receives  two  machine  of  the  year  2020  awards  at  agritechnica  case  ih  focuses  on  topend  technology  with  tractor,  harvesting  and  connectivity  developments  at  agritechnica  case  ih  announces  afs  connect  wireless  technology  for  data  transfer  and  monitoring  and  new  tech  partnerships  of  more  info  download  media  cart  more  info  download  media  cart  share  more  info  download  media  cart  more  info  download  media  cart  share  id:  id:  all  fields  required  you  must  complete  additional  steps  or  remove  assets  to  resume  downloading.  all  fields  required  important:  please  note  that  any  recipients  of  this  media  cart  will  be  able
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  download  its  contents,  regardless  of  the  access  rights  any  recipient  may  have.  for  example,  if  you  have  added  restricted  content  any  recipient  of  the  media  cart  will  be  able  to  download  its  contents  regardless  of  whether  they  have  access  rights  or  not.  additionally,  users  may  forward  or  share  a  media  cart  with  other  users,  who  would  also  be  able  to  download  the  media  carts  contents.  please  add  content  to  this  media  cart  with  caution.  your  media  cart  has  been  sent  to:  you  must  enable  cookies  in  your  browser  to  use  the  media  cart  feature.  thank  you  for  getting  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy infield  robotics  sensors,  data  software  and  precision  farming  autonomous  tractors  are  the  future  of  precision  farming.  market  leaders  like  john  deere,  new  holland  and  case  have  been  working  in  this  area.  we  live  in  a  world  where  population  explosion  is  leading  to  an  ever  increasing  demand  of  agriculture  products.  to  reduce  the  supply  and  demand  gap,  countries  have  encouraged  concept  of  precision  agriculture.  in  fact,  countries  like  u.s.a,  india,  brazil  and  various  european  nations  are  striving  to  enhance  the  yield  of  agriculture  by  adopting  new  technology.  the  advent  of  robots  drones  and  hitech  cameras  have  made  life  easy  for  farmers.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy but,  alongside  all  these  gifts  of  science,  what  remains  a  predominant  machine  on  the  field  is  tractors.  right  from  its  first  drive  on  a  farmland  in  1890s  ,tractors  have  been  an  inseperable  part  of  a  farmers  life.  tractors  have  been  evolving  over  the  years  from  gas  powered  to  gasoline,  from  single  to  multiple  cylinders  and  from  driver  operated  to  automatic.  yes,  you  read  it  perfectly  well,  automatic  or  driverless  tractors  can  be  the  future  of  modern  farming.  giants  in  this  field  such  as  john  deere,  case  and  new  holland  have  already  started  their  research  and  are  positive  about  it.  automatic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tractor  corporation  atc  is  one  such  company  which  regards  its  technology  as  tesla  for  tractors.  an  existing  conventional  tractor  gets  converted  into  an  autonomous  machine  using  atcs  system.  they  are  electric  and  reduce  fuel  consumption  by  30  and  gives  five  times  better  service  life.  the  best  part  about  this  system  is  that  the  tractor  can  still  be  driven  manually.  on  30th  august  2016,  new  holland  launched  nh  drive  concept  for  autonomous  tractor  at  the  farm  progress  show  in  united  states.  working  of  other  autonomous  and  manual  tractors  is  possible  along  with  tractors  based  on  this  concept.  under  the  hood  lies
__label__controloptimizationautonomy an  8.7  liter  fpt  industrial  cursor  9  engine  with  a  continuously  variable  transmission.  the  autonomous  tractor  covers  a  variety  of  functions  such  as  ignition,  speed  control,  steering,  hydraulic  control,  engagement  of  rear  and  front  pto  and  few  others.  a  computer/tablet  has  control  over  the  nh  drive.  therefore,  it  can  be  mounted  on  another  vehicles  cab  for  supervision.  moreover,  controlling  features  such  as  seed  rate,  air  drill  fan  rpm  or  fertilizer  applications  has  use  a  userfriendly  interactive  interface.  in  addition,  critical  warning  like  low  fuel,  low  seed/fertilizer  input,  wheel  slip,  lost  communication  or  gps  error  indicators  are  available.  obstacle  detection  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vital  for  any  autonomous  drive  and  is  possible  with  help  of  lidar.  data  from  lidar  is  used  to  create  a3d  point  cloud  .  the  point  cloud  remains  unaltered  during  day/night  time  as  lidar  use  is  independent  of  visible  light.  rgb  cameras  on  tractor  provides  a  live  feed  in  the  interface.  the  tractor  stops  on  detection  of  an  unidentified  object  and  sends  a  notification  to  the  user  and  waits  for  further  instruction.  the  main  advantage  of  these  machines  of  future  is  their  ability  to  work  throughout  the  day  and  night  all  along  every  day.  a  preselected  optimized  plan  helps  in  nullifying
__label__controloptimizationautonomy any  error  and  thus  enhances  productivity  compared  to  normal  tractors.  supported  by  experts  at  new  holland  ,itsprecision  land  management  tool  is  easy  to  use  for  farmers.  the  autonomous  tractor  follows  optimized  in  field  paths  generated  in  the  software  based  on  current  field  parameters  such  as  size  and  shape  of  field  or  obstacles  etc.  the  future  versions  of  nh  drive  could  involve  using  of  previous  data  for  better  implementation  of  seed  and  fertilizer  distribution.  moreover,  upgrades  could  involve  autonomous  grain  handling  systems  for  the  harvest  period  which  does  the  work  of  harvesting,  unloading,  transporting  as  well  as  offloading  of  grains.  john
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deere  has  been  in  the  field  of  autonomous  tractors  from  more  than  two  and  half  decades.  their  automatic  steering  control  is  part  of  several  tractors  and  harvesters.  john  deere  uses  starfire  receivers  which  act  as  gps  system  to  map  the  field  and  give  direction  to  the  tractors.  a  monitor  screen  on  tractor  allows  the  farmers  to  keep  an  eye  on  the  working  and  make  necessary  changes.  case  ih  autonomous  concept  vehicle  is  a  driverless  tractor  model.  like  others,  it  drives  on  a  mapped  area  and  is  equipped  with  object  detection  technology  that  stops  it  in  case  of  an  obstacle  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  be  redirected  using  and  collect  data  for  better  crop  yield  next  season.  courtesy:  casethe  race  for  autonomous  tractors  is  on.  it  is  not  important  who  crosses  the  finish  line  first  because  winner  would  be  the  farmers  across  the  globe.  the  area  of  precision  agriculture  and  tractors  have  got  its  new  paradigm.  there  are  no  reviews  yet.  required  fields  are  marked  agtecher.com  is  a  private  website  by  a  farming  family  in  southwest  france.  our  family  has  been  into  farming  since  generations,  and  we  also  like  technology.  infoatagtecher  .  com  please  write  instead  of  a  and  leave  out  the  spaces  around
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  harvesting  robots  to  tractors  without  cabs,  autonomy  has  already  reached  the  agricultural  industry.  while  the  automotive  industry  works  diligently  towards  selfdriving  vehicles,  its  possible  the  carrots  youve  eaten  recently  were  semiautonomously  planted  and  harvested  with  case  ih  equipment  by  bolthouse  farms,  one  of  the  largest  carrot  growers  in  the  united  states.  and  the  u.s.  is  hardly  alone.  autonomous  agriculture  is  coming  everywhere,  and  its  happening  much  faster  than  autonomous  cars.  there  are  fewer  restrictions,  far  less  likelihood  of  interactions  with  other  farm  equipment  or  people,  and  a  measurable  payback  for  largescale  farmers.  over  the  past  15  years,  farming  equipment
__label__controloptimizationautonomy giant  john  deere  has  been  working  to  increase  automation  capabilities,  according  to  julian  sanchez,  director  of  john  deeres  technology  innovation  center.  sanchez  has  been  involved  in  everything  from  system  design  to  development  of  the  humanmachine  interfaces  that  support  deeres  semiautonomous  vehicle  systems.  the  companys  intelligent  systems  group  developed  many  of  the  components  for  deeres  semiautonomous  vehicles,  from  the  gps  receiver  to  the  embedded  controller  that  helps  drive  some  of  the  vehicles  subsystems  to  accomplish  semiautonomous  jobs.  john  deeres  move  into  electronics  dates  back  to  the  late  1990s,  when  the  company  rolled  out  a  gpsenabled  parallel  tracking  feature  for  its  vehicles
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  is  before  the  u.s.  government  really  unconstrained  the  accuracy  on  gps,  sanchez  said.  from  there  we  basically  began  to  build  upon  that  system,  and  a  few  years  later  we  came  out  with  an  autotrack  feature  that  allowed  the  farmer  to  not  even  drive  a  first  path.  you  just  told  the  vehicle,  drive  from  here  to  here,  and  it  would  do  it.  in  the  mid  2000s,  the  company  introduced  a  system  that  allowed  a  vehicle  to  turn  around  by  itself  at  the  end  of  a  row,  and  by  2010,  the  company  had  fully  selfdriving  vehicles.  that  still  required  an  operator
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  be  in  the  vehicle,  sanchez  said.  one  of  the  reasons  for  that  is  with  agricultural  vehicles,  its  not  just  about  driving  like  it  is  an  automobile.  its  also  about  getting  the  vehicle  tuned  correctly  to  do  a  job,  and  thats  a  whole  different  component  of  autonomy  that  we  have  yet  to  figure  out.  we  have  a  parallel  journey  in  trying  to  deliver  autonomy  to  that  part  of  the  system.  basically,  how  do  we  make  all  parts  of  the  system  autonomous?  john  deeres  gen4  display,  in  action.  source:  john  deere  grand  view  research  estimates  will  reach  243.4  billion  by  2025,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  farm  equipment  vendors  are  lining  up  for  a  piece  of  what  could  prove  to  be  a  very  lucrative  business.  leo  bose,  marketing  manager  for  the  advanced  farming  systems  afs  at  case  ih,  another  heavy  hitter  in  this  industry,  explained  that  the  company  has  watched  how  automation  and  autonomy  levels  have  compressed  over  the  last  couple  of  decades.  we  started  steering  tractors  autonomously  in  the  early  2000s,  bose  said.  farmers  get  one  chance  a  year  to  plant  their  crops,  and  technology  can  provide  analysis  to  help  them  get  the  best  yields.  for  example,  case  ih  combines  are  equipped  with  yield
__label__controloptimizationautonomy monitors  to  georeference  the  yield  in  the  field  so  farmers  can  see  the  actual  moisture  of  that  crop,  and  how  many  bushels  per  acre  it  is  yielding.  they  can  look  at  trend  lines  year  over  year.  they  look  at  different  input  practices.  while  that  started  back  in  1994,  now  were  trying  to  automate  that  whole  process,  he  said.  in  fact,  farming  may  provide  a  glimpse  for  how  autonomous  vehicle  technology  ultimately  will  fare  on  highways,  starting  with  public  transportation.  certain  cities  like  singapore  or  dubai  are  places  that  are  very  well  controlled,  and  you  would  expect  those  places  to  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy early  adopters  of  autonomy  for  public  transportation  and  taxis,  said  marc  serughetti,  director  of  business  development  at  .  you  might  see  a  separate  lane  or  part  of  the  street  reserved  for  autonomous  cars  and  buses.  you  need  an  environment  thats  extremely  controlled  like  those  places.  based  on  whats  being  talked  about  in  the  market,  this  is  where  its  coming.  there  are  also  all  of  the  areas  we  dont  see,  and  dont  know  about  such  as  agriculture,  mining,  and  things  like  this.  again,  these  are  very  restricted  and  defined  areas.  there  are  a  lot  of  autonomous  technologies  out  there  in  those
__label__controloptimizationautonomy areas,  but  how  do  you  bring  them  into  a  public  space?  it  becomes  a  combination  of  legislation,  of  infrastructure  and  about  technology  in  the  vehicle  and  actually  the  technology  in  the  vehicle  is  not  the  one  thats  lagging  right  now.  much  like  semiconductor  design,  advances  in  autonomous  technology,  and  data  analytics  are  changing  the  way  farmers  farm.  to  this  point,  in  2016,  case  ih  gave  a  sneak  peek  of  its  autonomous,  cabless  concept  tractor.  you  take  the  cab  off  and  ask,  what  if?  said  case  ihs  bose.  we  collaborated  with  utahbased  asi  autonomous  solutions  incorporated,  a  leading  edge  provide  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  vehicle  control  systems  company  to  the  agriculture  and  mining  industries.  the  autonomous  concept  vehicle  uses  lidar,  radar  and  camera  technology  to  see  the  vehicle  in  the  field.  it  is  remotely  supervised  and  georeferenced  in  a  fenced  area  thats  not  on  a  public  road,  so  we  dont  have  the  regulations  as  we  would  have  for  onthehighway  versus  offhighway.  in  the  case  of  john  deere  vehicles,  in  addition  to  gps  tracking,  a  variety  of  sensors  are  employed,  sanchez  said.  gyroscopes  and  accelerometers  are  part  of  the  suite,  as  well  as  a  camera  with  machinevision  capability.  for  example,  in  its  sprayers,  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy camerabased  steering  rowsense  feature  that  is  mounted  on  the  equipment  uses  a  mono  camera.  gps  keeps  track  of  the  location  of  the  vehicle,  especially  because  sprayers  travel  at  about  20  miles  per  hour  fast  by  farming  speeds.  in  order  to  be  able  to  make  it  really  fast  through  a  field  of  corn  thats  already  five  feet  tall,  you  have  to  make  sure  you  stay  within  those  rows.  we  install  that  camera  and  the  camera  basically  uses  machine  vision  to  make  sure  that  the  sprayers  stay  within  the  rows.  its  essentially  looking  for  the  middle  of  the  row  and  does  those
__label__controloptimizationautonomy calculations  realtime.  john  deeres  intelligent  solutions  group  developed  the  machine  learning  algorithms  in  house.  some  of  the  team  is  comprised  of  engineers  and  scientists  from  schools  such  as  carnegie  mellon  and  stanford  university,  who  participated  in  the  original  darpa  challenges.  the  company  also  has  made  acquisitions  to  bolster  its  technology  talent  pool.  in  fact,  technology  development  runs  deep  across  the  agriculture  sector.  while  the  journey  never  ends,  over  the  last  seven  years  weve  been  constantly  updating  our  whole  embedded  systems  effort,  such  as  the  native  display  within  the  equipment.  in  the  last  few  years  we  did  a  major  rearchitecture  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  to  include  good  capabilities  with  cloud  connectivity  such  as  telematics,  the  telematics  hardware  boxes,  among  other  things.  we  had  to  make  decisions  to  support  all  of  the  cellular  chips,  embedded  wifi  capabilities,  and  bluetooth  capabilities  to  the  point  that  equipment  coming  off  the  line  today  has  all  of  those  capabilities  in  the  displays.  we  revamped  the  user  interface.  you  never  really  quite  keep  up  with  this,  but  we  wanted  it  looking  like  it  was  designed  in  this  in  this  decade,  and  it  looks  that  way  now.  john  deere  also  has  opened  the  door  inside  its  vehicles  to  embrace  mobility,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sanchez  said,  which  means  an  ipad  can  be  plugged  into  the  vehicles  to  provide  a  much  higher  resolution  picture,  as  well  as  a  new  way  to  transmit  data  to  the  cloud.  case  ih  has  taken  a  similar  path  with  lidar,  radar  and  camera  technology.  the  company  also  recognizes  that  while  its  customer  base  may  not  be  ready  for  fully  autonomous  farming,  the  technology  can  be  installed  on  a  manned,  production  tractor  today.  what  that  means  is  i  can  take  an  operator,  i  can  put  that  operator  in  the  cab,  now  thats  a  manned  vehicle  going  down  the  road,  exclusive  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomy.  i  can  get  that  vehicle  to  that  field  and  can  even  put  multiple  units  in  the  field  with  maybe  one  supervisor  supervised  autonomy  in  the  field,  which  we  would  define  as  category  4  automation  with  category  5  being  full  autonomy.  today  we  have  a  lot  of  operators  that  are  in  the  cab  and  the  vehicles  steering  itself.  another  player  in  the  technologyagriculture  space  is  ,  which  has  a  number  of  activities  within  its  different  sectors.  one  is  a  deepening  partnership  with  a  portuguese  research  institution  that  aims  to  develop  digitization  solutions  for  precision  agriculture  and  it  applications  in  agrobusinesses
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  achieve  more  efficient  farmland  and  forest  management,  more  precise  pest  control,  and  better  monitoring  of  plant  growth.  the  goal  is  modern,  sustainable  agriculture.  also,  fraunhofers  institute  for  industrial  mathematics  itwm  is  developing  methods  and  tools  for  modeling,  simulation,  and  optimization  of  agricultural  processes,  including  logic  planning  models  and  the  transparent  presentation  of  profit  by  means  of  a  departure  from  the  old  planning  models.  while  the  selfdriving  car  has  become  the  poster  child  for  leadingedge  technology,  advanced  automation  efforts  are  underway  in  more  prosaic  working  vehicles,  as  well.  autonomous  agriculture  using  groundbased  vehicles  looks  rather  like  a  combination  of  selfdriving
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cars  and  industrial  robots,  said  tom  anderson,  technical  marketing  consultant  at  .  the  ability  of  harvesters  and  other  large  agricultural  equipment  to  navigate  safely  will  doubtless  leverage  experience  with  autonomous  passenger  vehicles.  yet  their  sheer  size  and  potential  for  damage  to  humans  may  demand  safety  zones  and  operational  guidelines  closer  to  industrial  automation,  for  semiconductors  in  this  space,  safety  requirements  will  get  even  more  complex,  anderson  said.  for  example,  the  wellknown  standard  for  automobile  electronics  is  being  extended  to  include  larger  vehicles.  further,  autonomous  agriculture  includes  drones  and  larger  aircraft  performing  seeding  and  cropdusting  operations.  this  adds  airborne  electronics  standards
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  as  do254  and  do178c  into  the  mix.  the  navigational  demands  for  autonomous  agricultural  vehicles  may  be  less  than  those  of  a  selfdriving  car  in  heavy  traffic,  but  other  forms  of  complexity  must  be  factored  in  and  verified  using  certified  formal  techniques.  this  should  come  as  no  surprise  to  those  familiar  with  the  industrial  sector.  autonomous  operation  and,  more  broadly,  artificial  intelligence/machine  learning  technologies  have  been  closely  associated  with  automotive  and  industrial  electronics  segments,  and  agriculture  spans  both  worlds.  while  the  applications  are  obvious,  the  characteristics  of  each  segment  from  a  business,  technology  and  deployment  standpoint  could  not  be  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy different,  said  srikanth  rengarajan,  vice  president  of  products  at  austemper  design  systems.  a  few  large,  vertically  integrated  operators  dominate  the  level  3  and  beyond  efforts  in  automotive  hoping  to  reach  economies  of  scale  at  the  system/oem  level  with  component  prices,  particularly  semiconductors,  relegated  to  secondorder  sensitivity.  the  industrial  segment,  which  is  racing  to  catch  up,  is  expected  by  conventional  wisdom  to  include  a  variety  of  providers  working  to  ensure  interoperability  between  vendors  and  across  the  value  chain.  the  agricultural  market  that  has  seen  a  confluence  of  both  trends.  at  one  end,  the  imaging  subsegment  is  seeing  drones  and  aerialmapping  vehicles
__label__controloptimizationautonomy utilizing  a  superset  of  the  imaging  technologies  found  in  advanced  driver  assistance  systems  adas  and  autonomous  cars  stereoscopic  cameras,  infrared,  multispectral  and  hyperspectral  imaging  to  identify  vegetative  health,  said  rengarajan.  they  are  supported  by  the  robotics  and  autonomous  vehicle  subsegment  with  a  host  of  technologies  that  enabled  autonomous  driving  gps,  automatic  steering  and  obstacle  detection.  the  advantage  of  a  controlled  environment  helped  these  segments  march  ahead  of  automobiles.  at  the  other  end,  the  sensors  subsegment  has  the  distinguishing  characteristics  of  a  many  internet  of  things.  a  variety  of  lowpower  wireless  communication  devices  hooked  up  to  increasingly  soil  and  vegetationmeasuring  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ranging  from  ph  level  and  temperature  to  electrical  conductivity  and  reflected  ambient  light.  some  of  the  technologies  employed  for  communication  include  lorawan,  sigfox,  and  the  emerging  802.11ah  wifi  standard  halow.  so  pervasive  is  this  ecosystem  that  a  trial  project  to  map  and  measure  the  tomato  industry  in  new  england  is  aptly  termed  the  internet  of  tomatoes  project.  an  interesting  pivot  point  here  for  many  industries,  including  agriculture,  automotive  and  semiconductors,  is  nextgeneration  wireless  technology.  once  really  comes  online,  if  you  think  about  the  pendulum  swing  with  the  realtime  capabilities  and  the  bandwidth  capabilities  of  5g,  it  really  does  kind  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy swing  the  pendulum  again  toward  saying,  its  viable  to  do  realtime,  onvehicle  optimization  by  leveraging  the  cloud,  said  john  deeres  sanchez.  theoretically,  its  possible.  just  like  automotive,  were  exploring  what  that  would  look  like,  and  if  it  promises  to  be  everything  that  it  can  be.  of  course  for  us  theres  an  element  of  coverage  of  connectivity.  we  always  end  up  being  the  lucky  ones  that  end  up  having  to  develop  the  connectivity  architecture  as  well  as  the  embedded  architecture  for  when  the  connectivity  is  not  there.  but  were  definitely  exploring  that  and  looking  toward  having  the  opportunity  to  try  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out.  gone  are  the  days  of  the  small,  independent  farm.  but  the  upside  is  that  autonomy  and  technology  could  create  a  future  of  more  sustainable,  efficient  and  optimized  agriculture  around  the  globe.  the  internet  of  things  for  agriculture.  yes,  its  a  thingand  a  huge  market.  blog  applying  technology  to  a  very  well  established  industry  is  picking  up  steam.  total  private  funding  was  more  than  1.35b  in  2h  2017,  but  investors  also  are  showing  more  caution  about  where  they  put  their  money.  tags:  note:  this  name  will  be  displayed  publicly  this  will  not  be  displayed  publicly  new  approaches  to  managing  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  new  architectures,  different  markets  and  more  variables  make  it  increasingly  difficult  to  design  and  verify  lowpower  chips.  seventeen  startups  took  in  megarounds  of  100  million  or  more  during  october,  with  a  cumulative  total  of  just  over  3.2  billion.  more  nodes  and  alternative  memories  are  in  the  works,  but  schedules  remain  murky.  how  good  are  standard  fpgas  for  ai  purposes,  and  how  different  will  dedicated  fpgabased  devices  be  from  them?  entities,  people  and  technologies  explored  new  approaches  to  managing  and  processing  data  emerge,  along  with  standard  ways  to  compare  them.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy new  crop  of  memories  in  rd  could  have  a  big  impact  on  future  compute  architectures.  the  new  version  of  the  high  bandwidth  memory  standard  promises  greater  speeds  and  feeds  and  thats  about  it.  why  intel,  amd,  arm,  and  ibm  are  focusing  on  architectures,  microarchitectures,  and  functional  changes.  marvell  nav  alliance;  drone  bill;  hyundais  35b  plan;  intels  edge  play;  7nm  certifications.  september  was  spectacular  for  startups,  as  27  tech  companies  raised  100  million  or  more,  taking  in  a  total  of  7.1  billion  during  the  month.  ml  will  augment  existing  manufacturing  processes,  but  it  wont  replace  them.  new  approaches  aim  to  drive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  with  the  growing  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  connected  devices  have  penetrated  ,  from  health  and  fitness,  home  automation,  automotive  and  logistics,  to  smart  cities  and  industrial  iot.  thus,  it  is  only  logical  that  iot,  connected  devices,  and  automation  would  find  its  application  in  agriculture  and,  as  such,  tremendously  improve  many  facets  of  the  farming  practice.  how  could  one  still  rely  on  horses  and  plows  when  selfdriving  cars  and  virtual  reality  are  no  longer  a  scifi  fantasy  but  an  everyday  occurrence?
__label__controloptimizationautonomy farming  has  seen  a  number  of  technological  transformations  in  the  last  decades,  becoming  more  industrialized  and  technologydriven.  by  using  various  smart  agriculture  gadgets,  farmers  have  gained  better  control  over  the  process  of  raising  livestock  and  growing  crops,  making  it  more  predictable  and  efficient.  in  this  article,  we  will  explore  the  iot  use  cases  in  agriculture  and  examine  their  benefits.  if  you  are  considering  investing  in  smart  farming  or  planning  to  build  an  iot  solution  for  agriculture,  dive  right  in.  there  are  many  ways  to  refer  to  modern  agriculture.  for  example,  agritech  refers  to  the  general  application  of  technology  to  agriculture.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  agriculture,  on  the  other  hand,  is  mostly  used  to  denote  the  application  of  iot  solutions  in  agriculture.  although  smart  agriculture  iot,  as  well  as  industrial  iot,  arent  as  popular  as  consumer  connected  devices,  the  market  is  still  very  dynamic.  the  adoption  of  iot  solutions  for  agriculture  is  constantly  growing.  namely,  predicts  that  the  number  of  agriculture  iot  device  installations  will  hit  75  million  by  2020,  growing  20  annually.  at  the  same  time,  the  global  smart  agriculture  market  size  is  to  triple  by  2025,  reaching  15.3  billion  compared  to  being  slightly  over  5  billion  back  in  2016.  because  the  market
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  still  developing,  there  are  still  ample  opportunities  for  businesses  willing  to  join  in.  building  iot  products  for  agriculture  within  the  coming  years  can  set  you  apart  as  an  early  adopter  and,  as  such,  help  you  pave  the  way  to  success.  but  why  should  you  consider  building  an  iot  application  for  agriculture  in  the  first  place?  technologies  and  iot  have  the  potential  to  transform  agriculture  in  many  aspects.  namely,  there  are  five  ways  iot  can  improve  agriculture:  as  a  result,  all  of  these  factors  can  eventually  lead  to  higher  revenue.  now  that  we  have  outlined  how  iot  can  be  advantageously
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applied  in  the  sphere  of  agriculture,  lets  take  a  look  at  how  the  listed  benefits  can  find  their  application  in  real  life.  there  are  many  types  of  and  iot  applications  that  can  be  used  in  agriculture:  probably  the  most  popular  smart  agriculture  gadgets  are  weather  stations,  combining  various  smart  farming  sensors.  located  across  the  field,  they  collect  various  data  from  the  environment  and  send  it  to  the  cloud.  the  provided  measurements  can  be  used  to  map  the  climate  conditions,  choose  the  appropriate  crops,  and  take  the  required  measures  to  improve  their  capacity  i.e.  precision  farming.  some  examples  of  such  agriculture
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  devices  are  ,  ,  and  .  in  addition  to  sourcing  environmental  data,  weather  stations  can  automatically  adjust  the  conditions  to  match  the  given  parameters.  specifically,  greenhouse  automation  systems  use  a  similar  principle.  for  instance,  and  are  also  iot  agriculture  products  offering  such  capabilities  among  others.  is  also  an  interesting  product  that  uses  smart  agriculture  sensors.  it  is  a  smart  sprinklers  controller  that  allows  you  to  manage  your  irrigation  and  lighting  systems  remotely.  one  more  type  of  iot  product  in  agriculture  and  another  element  of  precision  farming  is  crop  management  devices.  just  like  weather  stations,  they  should  be  placed  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  field  to  collect  data  specific  to  crop  farming;  from  temperature  and  precipitation  to  leaf  water  potential  and  overall  crop  health,  these  can  all  be  used  to  readily  collect  data  and  information  for  improved  farming  practices.  thus,  you  can  monitor  your  crop  growth  and  any  anomalies  to  effectively  prevent  diseases  or  infestations  that  could  harm  your  yield.  and  can  serve  as  good  representations  of  how  this  use  case  can  be  applied  in  real  life.  just  like  crop  monitoring,  there  are  iot  agriculture  sensors  that  can  be  attached  to  the  animals  on  a  farm  to  monitor  their  health  and  log  performance.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  works  similarly  to  .  for  example,  and  use  smart  agriculture  sensors  collar  tags  to  deliver  temperature,  health,  activity,  and  nutrition  insights  on  each  individual  cow,  as  well  as  collective  information  about  the  herd.  a  more  complex  approach  to  iot  products  in  agriculture  can  be  represented  by  the  socalled  farm  productivity  management  systems.  they  usually  include  a  number  of  agriculture  iot  devices  and  sensors,  installed  on  the  premises  as  well  as  a  powerful  dashboard  with  analytical  capabilities  and  inbuilt  accounting/reporting  features.  this  offers  remote  farm  monitoring  capabilities  and  allows  you  to  streamline  most  of  the  business  operations.  similar  solutions  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy represented  by  and  .  in  addition  to  the  listed  iot  agriculture  use  cases,  some  prominent  opportunities  include  vehicle  tracking  or  even  automation,  storage  management,  logistics,  etc.  as  we  can  see,  the  use  cases  for  iot  in  agriculture  are  endless.  there  are  many  ways  smart  devices  can  help  you  increase  your  farms  performance  and  revenue.  however,  agriculture  iot  apps  development  is  no  easy  task.  there  are  certain  challenges  you  need  to  be  aware  of  if  you  are  considering  investing  in  smart  farming.  to  build  an  iot  solution  for  agriculture,  you  need  to  choose  the  sensors  for  your  device  or  create  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy custom  one.  your  choice  will  depend  on  the  types  of  information  you  want  to  collect  and  the  purpose  of  your  solution.  in  any  case,  the  quality  of  your  sensors  is  crucial  to  the  success  of  your  product  it  will  depend  on  the  accuracy  of  the  collected  data  and  its  reliability.  data  analytics  should  be  at  the  core  of  every  smart  agriculture  solution.  the  collected  data  itself  will  be  of  little  help  if  you  cannot  make  sense  of  it.  thus,  you  need  to  have  powerful  data  analytics  capabilities  and  apply  predictive  algorithms  and  machine  learning  in  order  to  obtain  actionable  insights
__label__controloptimizationautonomy based  on  the  collected  data.  maintenance  of  your  hardware  is  a  challenge  that  is  of  primary  importance  for  iot  products  in  agriculture,  as  the  sensors  are  typically  used  in  the  field  and  can  be  easily  damaged.  thus,  you  need  to  make  sure  your  hardware  is  durable  and  easy  to  maintain.  otherwise,  you  will  need  to  replace  your  sensors  more  often  than  you  would  like.  smart  farming  applications  should  be  tailored  for  use  in  the  field.  a  business  owner  or  farm  manager  should  be  able  to  access  the  information  on  site  or  remotely  via  a  smartphone  or  desktop  computer.  plus,  each
__label__controloptimizationautonomy connected  device  should  be  autonomous  and  have  enough  wireless  range  to  communicate  with  the  other  devices  and  send  data  to  the  central  server.  to  ensure  that  your  smart  farming  application  performs  well  and  to  make  sure  it  can  handle  the  data  load,  you  need  a  solid  internal  infrastructure.  furthermore,  your  internal  systems  have  to  be  secure.  failing  to  properly  secure  your  system  only  increases  the  likeliness  of  someone  breaking  into  it,  stealing  your  data,  or  even  taking  control  of  your  autonomous  tractors.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title
__label__controloptimizationautonomy settings  cancel  set  have  an  existing  account?  already  have  a  subscription?  dont  have  an  account?  get  the  news  let  friends  in  your  social  network  know  what  you  are  reading  about  racinebased  case  ih  will  showcase  its  driverless  tractor  at  the  national  ffa  convention.  a  link  has  been  sent  to  your  friends  email  address.  a  link  has  been  posted  to  your  facebook  feed.  to  find  out  more  about  facebook  commenting  please  read  the  welcome  to  our  new  and  improved  comments  .  this  is  a  test  to  see  whether  we  can  improve  the  experience  for  you.  you  do  not  need  a  facebook
__label__controloptimizationautonomy profile  to  participate.  you  will  need  to  register  before  adding  a  comment.  typed  comments  will  be  lost  if  you  are  not  logged  in.  please  be  polite.  its  ok  to  disagree  with  someones  ideas,  but  personal  attacks,  insults,  threats,  hate  speech,  advocating  violence  and  other  violations  can  result  in  a  ban.  if  you  see  comments  in  violation  of  our  ,  please  report  them.  case  ih,  which  has  been  making  farm  equipment  in  racine  for  a  century,  has  developed  an  autonomous  tractor.  video  by  case  ih  if  batman  switched  from  fighting  crime  to  growing  corn,  this  would  be  his  tractor.  wednesday,  racinebased
__label__controloptimizationautonomy case  ih  will  showcase  its  autonomous,  or  driverless,  tractor  at  the  national  ffa  future  farmers  of  americaconvention  in  indianapolis.  with  a  curvy  body  thats  packed  with  technology,  the  tractor  takes  some  cues  from  the  batmobile.  but  theres  no  steering  wheel  or  drivers  seat.  instead,  the  tractor  uses  satellites,  radar,  cameras  and  other  digital  gear  to  navigate  the  fields  and  take  orders  from  a  remote  operators  computer  or  tablet.  farm  equipment  companies  such  ascase  ih  are  developing  technologies  that  could  enable  farmers  to  control  multiple  crop  production  machines  at  once  from  the  comfort  of  home.  farmers  could  benefit  from  lower  labor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy costs  and  increased  efficiencies  in  the  fields.  the  case  ih  driverless  tractor  was  recently  shown  at  the  farm  progress  show  in  boone,  iowa.  its  a  concept  vehicle,  at  this  point,  but  the  company  wanted  consumer  feedback.  nearly  half  the  farmers  surveyed  at  farm  progress  said  they  would  consider  using  an  autonomous  tractor  if  the  technology  is  proven.  from  an  early  adoption  standpoint,  that  was  a  staggering  response,  said  robert  zemenchik,  case  ih  advanced  farming  systems  global  products  marketing  manager.  at  a  base  level,  the  autonomous  vehicle  is  a  case  ih  magnum  tractor  thats  made  in  racine.  yet  the  differences  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy quickly  obvious,  such  as  no  cab  or  steering  wheel,  plus  layers  of  hightech  gadgets.  its  a  big  machine  aimed  at  largescale  operations.  multiple  tractors  could  be  run  in  one  field  or  separate  fields  on  the  same  tasks  or  consecutive  ones.  one  person  could  control  them  all  from  a  laptop  or  tablet.  through  the  use  of  onboard  video  cameras  and  lidar  light  imaging,  detection  and  ranging  sensors,  the  experimental  tractor  can  sense  obstacles  in  its  path.  it  will  stop,  on  its  own,  until  the  operator  assesses  the  situation.  the  tractor  also  stops  immediately  if  it  loses  its  gps  signal  or  position
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  the  field,  so  there  shouldnt  be  an  outofcontrol,  runaway  machine.  the  tractors  tasks  can  be  modified,  in  real  time,  with  the  remote  operators  controls  or  automatic  weather  warnings.  the  machine  could,  according  to  case  ih,  reduce  the  risks  associated  with  human  error  as  it  performs  tasks  such  asspraying  insecticide.  a  link  has  been  posted  to  your  facebook  feed.  working  day  and  night,  the  tractor  could  make  full  use  of  short  periods  of  favorable  weather.  there  might  only  be  four  or  five  days  when  planting  conditions  are  exceptional.  then  farmers  have  to  start  making  compromises,  zemenchik  said.  case  ih  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy planted  soybeans  with  its  autonomous  tractor  and  is  taking  the  machine  on  a  world  tour  to  display  it  at  farm  shows.  the  company  says  the  driverless  tractor  wont  be  available  in  the  marketplace  for  at  least  a  few  years.  its  not  a  product  launch,  by  any  means.  but  it  could  certainly  lead  to  one,  or  several,  down  the  road,  said  leo  bose,  a  case  ih  advanced  farming  systems  marketing  manager.  the  company  says  other  farm  equipment  could  operate  on  the  same  technology,  and  there  would  probably  be  various  levels  of  autonomous  features.  onboard  sensors  and  computers  could  plot  the  most
__label__controloptimizationautonomy efficient  paths  through  a  field  depending  on  the  terrain,  obstructions  and  other  machines  in  use  in  the  same  field.  the  operator,  from  a  distance,  could  choose  a  plan  from  a  preprogrammed  menu  a  process  that  could  be  finished  in  less  than  a  minute.  some  tractors  and  harvesting  machines  already  have  gps  that  helps  steer  them  through  the  fields,  although  an  operator  remains  in  the  cab  for  safety  reasons.  the  machines  are  loaded  with  other  technology,  too,  including  onboard  computers  that  can  calculate  the  yieldperacre  of  a  crop  as  its  being  harvested.  already,  farmers  are  using  aerial  drones  to  capture  crop
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  from  their  fields.  in  the  future,  a  drone  could  send  information,  in  real  time,  to  a  driverless  tractor.  automated  tractors  would  be  a  big  breakthrough,  much  like  driverless  cars  or  convoys  of  driverless  military  trucks.  the  pentagon  has  a  goal  of  having  thousands  of  driverless  military  vehicles  for  use  in  combat  zones  and  supply  missions.  there  also  could  be  a  trickledown  effect  from  the  technology  that  benefits  other,  nonautonomous  farm  machines.  case  ih  hasnt  put  a  price  on  its  driverless  tractor  but  says  the  technology  is  becoming  more  affordable  as  the  cost  of  things  such  assensors  drops  dramatically.  cnh
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industrial,  the  parent  of  farm  equipment  makers  case  ih  and  new  holland,  has  worked  with  autonomous  solutions  inc.,  of  utah,  in  the  development  of  driverless  tractors.  we  have  field  trials  going  on  with  farmers  who  are  early  adopters,  who  have  skilled  labor  challengesand  are  really  pushing  the  envelope,  said  asi  chief  executive  officer  mel  torrie.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy soon,  drones  that  think  like  humans  will  automatically  detect  and  film  athletes  in  motion,  track  criminals,  and  deliver  packages  right  to  your  door.  as  with  any  intelligent  system,  however,  such  machine  learning  can  drain  energy,  so  a  new  study  shows  how  to  keep  power  usage  down  and  drones  aloft  much  longer  by  shifting  a  drones  processing  workload  to  a  sensorcloud  architecture.  drones  are  an  emerging  form  of  new  iot  devices,  flying  in  the  sky  with  full  network  connectivity  capabilities.  intelligent  drones  with  cognitive  computing  skills  need  the  capability  to  automatically  recognize  and  track  objects  to  free  users  from  the  tedious
__label__controloptimizationautonomy task  of  controlling  them,  all  of  which  must  be  performed  within  the  powerconstrained  environment  of  a  lipo  battery,  write  hasan  genc,  yazhou  zu,  tingwu  chin,  matthew  halpern,  and  vijay  janapa  reddi,  authors  of  ,  which  appears  in  the  november/december  2017  issue  of  ieee  micro  .  researchers  from  university  of  texas  at  austin,  as  well  as  from  carnegie  mellon  university,  have  devised  a  sensorcloud  architecture  to  partition  data  collection  and  processing  between  the  edge  and  the  cloud  so  that  drones  like  amazon  prime  air  featured  in  video  consume  less  power  and  could  remain  aloft  longer.  the  researchers  borrowed  the  object  detection
__label__controloptimizationautonomy feature  of  an  app  that  helps  you  keep  track  of  someone  you  are  following  if  you  lose  sight  of  themand  modified  it  for  other  intelligent  apps.  we  study  an  application  calledfollow  the  leader,  which  automatically  detects,  tracks,  and  follows  a  moving  human  target.  the  application  is  centered  on  a  machine  learning  task  calledobject  detection,  which  is  its  most  computationally  intensive  kernel.  the  ability  to  perform  basic  computer  vision  tasks  like  object  detection  is  a  necessary  step  toward  new  and  intelligent  applications  such  as  sports  photography  and  package  delivery,  the  authors  said.  the  researchers,  who  include  one  individual  from  ,  refer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  thiscognitive  drone  platform  as  the  domain  of  flying  iot,  or  flying  internet  of  things.  the  massive  energy  it  takes  for  a  drone  to  detect  and  track  a  person  requires  a  larger,  clunkier  design,  significantly  reducing  flight  time.  if  the  goal  is  to  track  someone  for  long  distances,  this  is  a  problem.  performance  breakdown  when  running  follow  the  leader  on  a  highperformance  computer  tx1.  cognitive  applications  are  often  very  computationally  intensive,  which  makes  them  difficult  to  run  on  embedded  computers  that  have  lowpower,  lightweight,  smallsize  design  requirements.  for  example,  stateoftheart  machinelearning  models  for  image  classification,  such  as  resnet,  require  gigaflops
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  process  a  single  image.  computing  these  models  in  real  time  requires  many  alus  in  a  processor,  increasing  chip  size  and  consequently  leading  to  larger  heatsinks  and  larger,  heavier  devices,  which  increases  the  drones  takeoff  weight  and  decreases  their  flight  time,  added  the  authors.  the  solution  is  to  offload  much  of  the  heavy  workdata  collection,  analysis,  and  respondingto  edge  devices  in  the  cloud.  sensorcloud  architecture  reduces  the  energy  consumed  per  frame  for  the  follow  the  leader  application:  a  i.mx6  and  b  tx1.  images  are  unscaled  and  compressed  using  png.  note  that  the  yaxis  of  a  is  scaled  to  three  times
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  yaxis  of  b.  we  propose  a  sensorcloud  system  to  bring  serverlevel  computational  capability  to  lowpower  iot  devices  such  as  drones.  in  a  sensorcloud  system,  computationally  intensive  tasks  are  offloaded  to  the  cloud  while  data  collection  tasks  are  done  at  the  edge,  say  the  authors.  with  greater  energy  efficiency,  the  drone  will  be  super  fasta  good  thing  when  chasing  down  the  guy  who  stole  your  car  or  following  new  york  giants  odell  beckham  into  the  end  zone.  we  create  afollow  the  leaderapplication  where  our  drone  detects  and  follows  a  moving  human  target  in  real  time.  many  smart  drones,  in  domains
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  security  to  sports  photography,  must  be  capable  of  following  human  targets,  whether  to  record  video  of  a  quickly  moving  athlete  or  to  monitor  a  suspicious  individual  in  a  crowd.  to  detect  targets,  our  application  runs  objectdetection  algorithms  on  images  taken  from  the  drones  cameras.  the  drone  then  flies  along  the  horizontal  plane,  centering  its  target  in  the  middle  of  the  drones  field  of  view.  an  autonomous  drone  application  has  strict  realtime  requirements,  because  it  must  fetch,  analyze,  and  react  to  sensory  data  quickly  enough  to  avoid  its  moving  targets  from  exiting  its  field  of  view.  in  this  work,  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy set  a  realtime  performance  goal  of  10  frames  per  second  fps,  the  authors  say.  the  trick  is  to  design  a  drone  intelligent  enough  to  recognize  its  target  in  a  crowd  and  powerful  enough  to  track  its  target  for  long  distances.  the  challenge  of  performing  object  detection  on  drones  is  to  balance  performance  and  power  efficiency.  to  operate  successfully,  follow  the  leader  must  detect  a  person  multiple  times  per  second,  or  it  could  lose  the  person  it  is  attempting  to  track.  this  realtime  performance  requirement  is  difficult  to  satisfy  on  extremely  lowpower  cpus,  or  even  gpus,  even  for  simple  shallow  machine
__label__controloptimizationautonomy learning  models.  for  complex  multiclass  deep  models  like  convolutional  neural  networks  cnns,  desktop  or  serverlevel  processors  are  required.  so,  extremely  lowpower,  lowperformance  processors  alone  are  not  sufficient  without  hardware  specializations,  but  hardware  specialization  introduces  design  complexity  and  nonrecurring  engineering  costs,  say  the  authors.  to  finetune  their  design,  they  tested  the  drone  using  a  huge  database  of  human  faces.  to  ensure  a  controlled  test  environment,  we  evaluate  the  drone  application  indoors,  with  the  drone  stationary,  replacing  its  camera  input  with  positive  test  images  from  the  the  drone  reads  images  from  the  dataset  and  treats  them  as  inputs  from  its  own  camera,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy attempting  to  fly  toward  the  people  in  those  images,  the  authors  say.  they  found  that  compressing  and  reducing  the  size  of  images  increased  efficiency,  losing  only  minimal  accuracy.  we  demonstrate  how  various  common  softwarelevel  optimizations,  such  as  image  downsampling  and  lossy  compression,  can  trade  small  accuracy  loss  for  significant  performance  and  energy  efficiency  improvements,  added  the  authors.  the  researchers  see  tremendous  potential  for  their  sensorcloud  architecture  as  integral  to  the  new  internet  of  things.  the  internet  of  things  is  entering  a  new  paradigm  where  devices  on  the  edge  need  both  cognitive  capability  and  the  ability  to  interact  directly  with  their
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environments  in  real  time.  currently,  compression  on  drone  processors  is  typically  done  by  cpus.  however,  by  developing  specialized  compression  accelerators,  researchers  can  alleviate  the  pressure  put  on  cpus,  dramatically  improving  performance,  they  say.  login  may  be  required  for  full  text.  lori  cameron  is  a  senior  writer  for  the  ieee  computer  society  and  currently  writes  regular  features  for  computer  magazine,  computing  edge  ,  and  the  computing  now  and  magazine  roundup  websites.  contact  her  at  .  follow  her  on  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drones  acting  as  sensor  devices  open  up  a  large  number  of  internet  of  things  applications  in  agriculture,  mining  operations  and  industrial  inspection  services.  11/01/2019  matternet  one  is  the  first  smart  drone  for  transportation.  send  things  through  the  air  magically,  with  the  touch  of  a  button.  matternet  one...  the  potential  of  this  autonomous  infrastructure  can  radically  transform  the  delivery  of  goods  globally,  thus  accelerating  economic  growth  and...  a  revolutionary  system  that  converges  professional  uav  as  a  service  with  the  internet  of  things  iot.  uav  smarthub  h3  dynamics  is  a  singaporean  industry  leader  for  energy  storage,  advanced  robotics,  field  communications,  and  realtime
__label__controloptimizationautonomy analytics...  see  our  for  more  details  on  drone  mapping  and  planting  a  trio  of  sony  engineers  peter  bartos,  and  recently  demonstrated  this  phenomena  with  their  mashup  project  for  controlling  a  quadcopter  drone  with  a  smartwatch  and  some  prototype  eyewear.  drawing  on  the  accelerometer  in  the  ,  the  drones  movement  is  controlled  by  the  tilt  and  twist  of  the  wearers  wrist.  the  prototype  displays  flight  data  and  can  even  show  images  from  the  drones  camera.  both  the  watch  and  the  glasses  are  paired  over  bluetooth  to  a  mobile  device,  which  passes  flight  instructions  to  the  drone  over  wifi.  the  engineers  published
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  a  for  replicating  the  project.  see  it  in  action  in  the  video  below.  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product  system  trends  join  20,000  readers  for  our  newsletter  to  stay  a  step  ahead  of  the  curve.  smart  devices  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drones  have  been  around  for  a  long  time,  yet  it  is  interesting  to  see  the  uses  cases  that  are  emerging,  especially  in  the  internet  of  things  realm.  drones  are  fun  toys,  and  many  people  fly  them  as  a  hobby.  but  over  time  more  commercial  and  professional  drones  are  being  deployed  for  a  range  of  business  applications  and  critical  missions  everything  from  sports  photography  to  science,  research,  military  missions,  medical  purposes  and  search  and  rescue.  lets  call  these  iot  drones.  with  the  massive  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot,  we  will  see  more
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drones  performing  important  tasks  especially  where  it  is  expensive,  dangerous  or  impossible  for  humans  to  travel.  in  these  cases,  drones  can  often  make  the  trip  faster  or  accomplish  a  task  more  efficiently  and  with  less  risk.  they  can  act  as  an  electronic  canary  in  a  coal  mine,  if  you  will.  in  this  post  we  will  cover  some  of  the  iot  applications  for  drones,  how  these  drones  differ  from  the  remote  control  aircraft  flown  by  hobbyists,  and  how  drones  are  being  adopted  for  mission  critical  iot  applications.  recently,  there  was  a  captivating  story  in  the  minneapolis  star  tribune:  .  it  was
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  riveting  tale.  an  entire  community  of  over  600  people  galvanized  around  searching  the  familys  acreage  and  surrounding  areas  for  the  missing  6  yearold  who  had  gone  out  to  play  with  his  dog  one  day  after  school  and  vanished.  one  of  the  people  who  took  an  interest  and  thought  he  could  help  was  the  owner  of  a  drone  with  a  thermal  camera  that  could  see  hot  spots.  night  had  fallen,  and  no  one  had  visibility  beyond  the  edge  of  a  flashlights  glow.  not  only  could  the  device  seek  warm  spots,  but  it  could  quickly  soar  over  giant  expanses  of  cornfield
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  would  have  taken  searchers  hours  and  hours  to  comb.  i  came  across  a  heat  signature  blob  that  looked  different,  drone  owner  steve  fines  said.  it  was  a  bright,  irregular  shape.  it  didnt  look  like  a  deer  or  a  bear.  here  astute  readers  will  note  the  possibility  of  a  bear  or  other  wild  animal  in  the  vicinity  of  this  missing  child.  the  warm  blob  turned  out  to  be  the  boy  and  his  faithful  dog,  remington.  in  addition  to  spotting  the  boy  and  his  pet,  the  drone  guided  workers  to  the  very  spot  where  the  boy  sat  crosslegged  in  the  dark,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy holding  his  pup.  this  story  is  inspiring  in  so  many  ways.  technology  today  can  help  us  see  beyond  our  limited  abilities  with  the  human  eye.  whereas  we  lack  wings  and  sensors  and  are  fundamentally  vulnerable,  a  drone  can  move  quickly  over  terrain,  go  into  dangerous  places  that  wouldnt  be  fit  for  humans,  and  even  guide  a  team  of  searchers  through  a  dark  cornfield.  and  the  technology  just  keeps  getting  better,  enabling  drones  to  travel  further  from  the  source,  and  perform  much  more  sophisticated  missions.  today  its  possible  for  anyone  to  own  a  drone,  also  known  as  a  small  unmanned  aircraft,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav,  unmanned  aircraft  system  uas,  or  remotely  piloted  aircraft  rpa.  these  terms  do  have  different  meanings,  according  to  an  article  on  .  for  example,  many  believe  that  term  uav  indicates  the  craft  has  autonomous  capabilities,  whereas  mere  drones  do  not.  for  the  purpose  of  this  article,  we  are  going  with  the  common  naming  drone  to  indicate  this  class  of  remote  control  aircraft.  projects  to  develop  internet  of  things  drones  are  on  the  rise.  many  of  the  developers  may  start  off  as  hobbyists,  then  realize  that  there  are  real  world  applications  or  even  life  saving  or  mission  critical
__label__controloptimizationautonomy purposes  for  their  unmanned  aircraft  just  as  the  minnesota  man  did  who  helped  to  find  the  lost  boy  and  his  dog.  so  there  is  certainly  a  gray  area  between  hobby  drones  and  working  drones.  but  for  those  who  are  considering  embarking  on  an  iot  drone  project,  lets  talk  about  some  of  the  things  that  differentiate  these  two  markets.  the  widespread  availability  of  drones  is  wonderful  for  consumers,  but  it  also  presents  some  challenges,  as  private  drones  have  been  known  to  fly  into  restricted  air  space  and  get  shot  down  for  being  perceived  as  a  spying  mechanism.  its  important  to  fly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy responsibly  if  you  do  own  and  operate  a  private  drone,  and  to  follow  rules  and  regulations.  these  apply  to  every  type  of  personal  drones  except  small  toys.  the  rules  for  flying  a  private  drone  are  easy  to  find,  at  least  for  drones  owned  and  operated  in  the  united  states,  where  all  aircraft  are  governed  by  the  u.s.  federal  aviation  administration  faa.  be  sure  to  find  the  regulations  that  apply  in  your  country.  according  to  an  article  from  ,  the  u.s.  the  rules  are  as  follows:  now  lets  talk  about  drones  that  perform  important  tasks  and  missions.  working  drones  have  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy purpose  like  service  dogs,  but  they  dont  have  to  be  fed.  and  while  they  work  hard,  they  dont  command  a  salary.  but  in  all  seriousness,  there  are  some  key  differentiators  between  professional  drones  that  perform  important  tasks  and  hobby  drones:  for  an  excellent  article  on  the  range  of  use  cases  for  drones,  see  the  article  ,  in  the  science  magazine,  how  stuff  works  .  heres  a  brief  survey  of  some  of  the  applications  for  internet  of  things  drones.  as  each  of  these  use  cases  could  be  an  article  of  its  own,  we  are  only  attempting  here  to  provide  a  broad
__label__controloptimizationautonomy brush  overview  of  iot  drones  to  highlight  the  functionality  they  require  to  perform  various  tasks  and  missions.  if  you  are  a  developer  working  in  the  field  of  drone  technology,  we  hope  this  will  fuel  your  imagination  for  your  next  iot  drone  project.  as  we  have  seen  in  the  reallife  anecdote  shared  at  the  beginning  of  this  post,  drone  technology  is  ideal  for  search  and  rescue  missions.  drones  can  reach  remote  areas  faster  than  people  or  vehicles.  they  can  quickly  get  to  areas  that  are  impassible  by  vehicle,  too  expansive  to  be  traversed  on  foot,  or  too  remote  or  risky.  additionally,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy they  can  fly  over  search  areas  with  lights,  sensors  and  cameras,  and  can  identify  heat  signatures  that  locate  living  beings  using  infrared  technology.  additionally,  as  indicated  in  the  image,  search  and  rescue  drones  can  deliver  flotation  devices  and  life  saving  supplies,  such  as  food,  water,  rope,  life  jackets,  inflatables  or  life  preservers.  for  example,  a  company  called  develops  drones  that  deliver  life  preservers  that  automatically  inflate.  the  technology  equipping  drones  to  perform  life  saving  missions  is  quickly  on  the  rise.  even  private  drones  are  making  an  enormous  impact  in  search  and  rescue.  an  reported  survey  results  showing  that  civilian  drones
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  now  saving  one  life  per  week  on  average.  to  consider  whats  next  in  drone  technology,  consider  the  possibilities  of  ai  and  machine  learning.  for  example,  this  illustrates  how  machine  learning  can  help  drones  learn  how  to  recognize  and  navigate  obstacles  to  avoid  collisions.  we  can  then  imagine  rescue  missions  in  difficult  to  navigate  spaces  such  as  caves,  mines  and  tunnels.  a  recent  covered  the  story  of  a  race  between  a  drone  equipped  with  first  aid  supplied  and  an  ambulance.  the  drone  won.  the  technology  is  designed  to  get  life  saving  medical  supplies  to  patients  as  quickly  as  possible.  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy scenario  where  this  would  come  into  play,  for  instance,  would  be  if  two  people  are  walking  along  a  street  and  one  collapses.  in  cases  such  as  these,  one  possible  lifethreatening  cause  is  sca.  the  ability  to  save  that  victims  life  depends  upon  the  availability  of  an  aed  or  automated  external  defibrillator  designed  to  restart  the  heart.  while  this  equipment  is  often  stocked  in  first  aid  cabinets  in  office  buildings,  they  are  not  to  be  found  on  any  street  corner.  the  article  reports:  described  in  the  journal  ,  the  drone  system  successfully  reached  every  fake  test  patient  in  a  busy  city
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  northern  iraq,  and  arrived  90  to  120  seconds  faster  than  an  ambulance.  imagine  being  able  to  send  a  drone  to  perform  a  task  over  a  field  instead  of  an  enormous  multiton,  gaseating  machine.  obviously  not  every  agricultural  application  can  be  replaced  with  a  uav,  but  the  time  and  expense  savings  will  understandably  be  considerable  in  instances  where  an  iot  drone  can  get  the  job  done.  crop  spraying  for  fertilization  and  pest  management  would  be  one  obvious  iot  drone  application  for  agriculture,  but  there  are  more:  see  the  for  more  on  crop  monitoring  and  faa  regulations.  as  we  know,  will
__label__controloptimizationautonomy very  soon  be  using  drones  for  parcel  delivery.  and  a  recent  reported  an  alliance  between  cvs  and  ups  that  would  enable  drones  to  deliver  pharmaceuticals.  a  wide  range  of  delivery  use  cases  are  under  exploration,  and  will  be  subject  to  regulatory  approvals  as  these  applications  enter  the  market.  presumably,  once  drone  delivery  for  packages  is  ubiquitous,  the  delivery  of  pizzas  and  other  fast  foods  will  not  be  far  behind.  what  is  the  maximum  weight  a  drone  can  carry?  obviously,  drones  vary  considerably  by  purpose  and  what  kind  of  payload  they  are  intended  to  deliver.  but  according  to  an  ,  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy average  carrying  capacity  for  professional  drones  are  20  to  220  kg,  or  about  44  to  485  pounds.  drones  are  prevalent  in  military  operations,  and  this  is  possibly  the  most  wellknown  use  case  for  unmanned  aerial  vehicles.  a  wikipedia  page  on  provides  a  range  of  data  points.  for  example  the  article  states:  surveillance  is  obviously  a  key  use  case  for  military  operations.  an  described  tiny  drones  that  can  spy  on  other  forces  from  the  sky.  sporting  events  and  entertainment  are  also  one  of  the  most  common  use  cases  for  commercial  drones  today,  as  they  offer  excellent  aerial  photography  and  video  capabilities.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy note  that  the  around  the  use  of  private  drones  near  sporting  events  for  health  and  safety.  but  our  story  here  would  not  be  complete  without  mention  of  the  famous  use  of  drones  in  lady  gagas  halftime  show  in  2017.  a  provides  an  excellent  description  of  the  event,  in  which  300  drones  were  networked  together  to  create  the  american  flag,  all  operated  by  one  person.  drone  racing  has  become  a  popular  sport,  and  today  you  can  find  leagues  of  hobby  and  semipro  drone  operators.  the  provides  an  excellent  introductory  description  of  the  sport:  fpv  drone  racing  where  fpv  stands  for  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy first  person  video  is  a  sport  type  where  participants  control  typically  small  or  ,  equipped  with  cameras  while  wearing  showing  the  live  stream  camera  feed  from  the  drones.  fpv  is  really  interesting  as  it  keeps  the  operators  focus  on  the  flight  pattern,  as  if  the  operator  was  piloting  an  aerial  vehicle.  the  wikipedia  page  explains:  fpv  first  person  view  flying  means  that  pilots  only  see  what  the  drone  sees.  this  is  accomplished  by  live  streaming  footage  from  a  camera  mounted  on  the  nose  of  the  drone.  digi  international  has  a  range  of  customers  building  iot  drones  for  varying  use  cases.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy here  are  two  digi  customer  stories  about  companies  that  incorporate  digi  solutions  in  their  products  which  serve  the  professional,  commercial  and  government  drone  markets.  note  that  you  can  find  more  digi  case  studies  on  the  tab  of  digi.com.  as  the  longestrunning  manufacturer  of  multirotor  unmanned  helicopters  in  the  world,  has  made  a  huge  impact  on  innovative  drone  technology.  when  they  wanted  to  equip  their  uavs  with  advanced  pointtopoint  communications  for  remote  wireless  control,  they  turned  to  digi  international.  they  chose  the  ,  which  communicates  over  the  unlicensed  900  mhz  band  and  is  excellent  for  applications  requiring  long  range  communications.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sub2  ghz  radios  are  less  affected  by  obstacles  such  as  buildings  and  trees.  draganfly  uavs  are  used  in  a  wide  range  of  applications,  from  military  operations  to  search  and  rescue,  geographic  surveys  and  crime  scene  investigations.  you  can  read  more  in  the  on  digi.com.  is  a  francebased  manufacturer  of  professional  drones  for  a  wide  range  of  commercial  and  industrial  use  cases  as  well  as  government  and  military  applications.  the  company  turned  to  digi  to  enhance  their  technology  with  additional  functionality.  they  use  the  module  for  pointtopoint  connectivity  for  lineofsite  ranges  of  up  to  two  miles.  drones  outfitted  with  two  radio
__label__controloptimizationautonomy frequency  links  devote  one  radio  to  a  backup  parachute.  deployed  in  the  event  of  emergency,  the  parachute  is  designed  to  save  the  uav  and  prevent  harm  to  people  below  if  the  craft  loses  flight  capabilities.  the  use  cases  for  flying  eye  drones  range  from  fire  fighting  to  agricultural  and  construction  applications  and  entertainment.  for  example,  in  law  enforcement,  their  drones  are  equipped  to  locate  and  identify  people,  to  monitor  evolving  situations  to  determine  if  intervention  is  needed,  and  to  monitor  city  infrastructure  and  roadways  to  identify  access  points  for  emergency  vehicles.  they  are  equipped  with  thermal  sensors  and  illumination  cameras
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  order  to  perform  night  missions.  you  can  read  more  in  the  on  digi.com.  in  addition  to  these  commercial  drone  case  studies,  you  can  see  some  private  iot  drone  projects  in  our  .  and  a  iot  drone  project  was  recently  covered  in  an  article  by  techapeek,  in  which  a  developer  created  a  handheld  mechanism,  called  swarmtouch,  to  manipulate  multiple  drones  at  once.  comments  are  closed.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy it  is  the  internet  of  things,  but  with  an  enterprise  angle.  take  that  to  mean  industry  vertical  applications,  development  ecosystems,  product  design,  hardware,  deployment  and  more.  autonomous  drones  represent  a  category  of  drones  where  the  pilot  is  no  longer  actively  involved  in  flying  the  drone  and  is  instead  monitoring  it  remotely  and  only  taking  control  when  absolutely  necessary.  can  fly  under  gpsaided  navigation.  these  are  autonomous  programmed  flights  with  gps  waypoints.  there  are  other  categories  of  autonomous  drones  which  can  fly  in  gpsdenied  environments  or  gps  intermittent  conditions.  they  can  be  in  the  pilots  line  of  sight  or  can  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy beyond  visual  line  of  sight  with  additional  regulations.  autonomous  drones  are  and  verticals  from  delivery  of  goods,  industrial  asset  inspections,  surveillance,  construction,  indoor  warehouse  applications  and  inspecting  dangerous  areas,  such  as  mines  where  humans  have  a  safety  risk.  autonomous  operations  are  complex  from  a  technical  standpoint.  while  aicontrolled  drones  with  vision  ,  underneath  there  are  various  sensors,  controllers,  and  sensor  fusion  algorithms  working  in  tandem  to  achieve  autonomous  flight  and  also  serving  redundancy.  sensors  are  far  from  perfect.  gpsaided  drones  can  suffer  from  loss  of  gps  signals.  localization  amd  mapping  algorithms  in  gpsdenied  or  intermittent  conditions  have  limitations  based  on
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environment  texture,  reflectivity,  types  and  the  quality  of  sensors  used.  battery  limitations  restrict  the  total  duration  of  the  flight  and  can  become  a  hurdle  for  automated  paths  especially  for  prosumer  category  drones  with  limited  payload  capacity  and  flight  duration.  loss  of  battery  power  in  the  middle  of  the  flight  can  cause  forced  landing  in  rough  areas  where  recovery  of  the  drone  is  a  challenge.  autonomous  drones  operating  in  gpsdenied  areas  require  complex  algorithms  involving  a  fusion  of  sensors  such  as  laser,  cameras,  inertial  measurement  unit  for  localization  and  mapping,  obstacle  avoidance,  and  path  planning.  algorithms  can  fail  due  to  sensor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy limitations  and  this  can  lead  to  drones  getting  lost  or  colliding.  drones  can  drift  due  to  strong  winds,  crash  against  static  obstacles,  such  as  trees,  and  dynamic  obstacles,  such  as  birds.  sensors  can  fail  under  different  environment  conditions.  to  be  able  to  handle  all  of  these  factors  is  an  enormous  challenge.  some  form  of  wireless  radio  beacon  signal  still  remains  a  necessary  requirement  to  periodically  convey  where  the  drone  is  to  the  remote  monitoring  operator.  recovery  of  a  drone  that  is  lost  or  crashed  in  especially  difficult  terrain  or  a  dangerous  areas  is  a  complicated  issue.  adding  redundancy  in  sensors,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services  also  has  an  impact  on  cost  and  operations.  expensive  sensors  and  sensorbased  hardware  can  provide  good  operation  in  gpsdenied  areas.  but  drones  are  always  prone  to  crashes  or  failures  and  more  expensive  hardware  in  difficult  terrains  or  conditions  has  a  cost  impact.  deep  learning  with  cameras  is  used  extensively  in  the  newer  generation  of  autonomous  drones  relying  on  camera  vision  for  autonomous  navigation,  but  ai  remains  an  empirically  tuned  black  box.  the  amount  of  training  data  necessary  to  tune  the  model  defeats  a  number  of  use  cases  where  its  difficult  to  fly  the  drone  with  pilot  manual  control  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy get  access  to  the  data.  there  have  been  mind  boggling  advances  in  this  field  and  will  continue  to  solve  more  problems.  for  remote  monitoring  of  autonomous  drones,  camera  based  video  transmission  is  preferred  for  firstperson  view,  but  also  requires  high  bandwidth  wireless  transmission  and  can  have  larger  latencies  based  on  the  connectivity  chosen.  4g  and  5g  connectivity  is  applicable  where  the  cellular  signals  remain  in  range.  the  federal  aviation  administration  in  the  u.s  and  the  equivalent  in  other  regions  state  that  there  is  a  400  feet  altitude  flight  restriction  unless  specific  permissions  are  acquired  for  industrial  asset  inspection.  for  drones
__label__controloptimizationautonomy flying  outside  line  of  sight,  you  must  have  a  spotter  that  maintains  direct  line  of  sight.  flight  is  restricted  within  5  miles  of  any  controlled  or  uncontrolled  airstrip  or  helipad.  there  are  also  near  stadiums,  during  emergency  situations  and  flying  over  people  not  involved  with  flight  operations.  autonomous  drones  with  secure  connectivity  to  cloud  does  enable  various  advantages,  such  as  remote  fleet  management  of  multiple  drones,  flight  planning  for  the  entire  fleet  of  drones,  pushing  software  upgrades,  deploying  new  ai  models  to  an  already  deployed  fleet  of  drones,  realtime  telemetry,  and  logging.  there  is  no  doubt  connected  drones  especially  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  operations  are  going  to  be  extremely  useful.  connectivity  can  vary  from  cellular,  satellite  and  other  types  of  wireless.  the  market  for  industrial  asset  and  infrastructure  of  autonomous  drones.  whether  its  inspection  of  cell  phone  towers,  wind  turbines,  electrical  transmission  towers,  wind  mills,  bridges,  or  oil  or  gas  pipelines,  autonomous  drones  have  a  huge  potential.  the  agriculture  industry  is  already  using  gpsguided  drones  extensively.  site  monitoring  including  construction  is  another  fast  .  autonomous  drones  have  come  a  long  way.  autonomous  navigation  algorithms  have  matured,  available  onboard  compute  power  for  real  time  operations  has  shot  up,  and  sensor  prices  have  come
__label__controloptimizationautonomy down  significantly.  the  problems  are  not  solved  entirely,  but  autonomous  operations  are  becoming  more  and  more  feasible  at  manageable  costs  for  chosen  use  cases.  the  industry  must  focus  on  picking  specific  use  cases  or  problems  and  developing  autonomous  solutions  for  them.  all  iot  agenda  network  contributors  are  responsible  for  the  content  and  accuracy  of  their  posts.  opinions  are  of  the  writers  and  do  not  necessarily  convey  the  thoughts  of  iot  agenda.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  the  u.s.  justice  department  indicted  two  alleged  members  of  the  russian  threat  group  behind  the  dridex  banking  trojan,  known  as  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy
__label__controloptimizationautonomy efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  the  internet  of  things  iot  didnt  just  create  smart  houses  and  enable  predictive  analytics  for  industrial  applications.  its  also  creating  a  wide  variety  of  new  business  opportunities  and  spawning  new  threats  and  challenges.  sometimes,  all  those  things  happen  at  once.  at  least,  thats  my  takeaway  from  a  new  ,  a  drone  detection  technology  startup  based  in  san  francisco.  dedrone,  get  it?  according  an  att  spokesperson,  att  and  dedrone  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy teaming  up  to  deploy  iot  sensor  technology  to  protect  against  malicious  drones.  powered  exclusively  by  att,  and  using  sensor  data  like  radio  frequency,  visual,  and  radar,  dedrone  detects  and  classifies  approaching  drones,  pinpointing  their  locations  and  triggering  alarms  to  alert  security.  what  exactly  constitutes  a  malicious  drone  isnt  entirely  clear,  but  it  could  range  from  teenagers  using  a  small  drone  to  peek  over  a  fence  to  the  kinds  of  military  drones  that  are  being  used  as  weapons  in  several  areas  around  the  world.  and,  in  fact,  the  companies  cite  military  bases,  venues,  cities,  enterprises,  correctional  facilities,  and  more  as  potential
__label__controloptimizationautonomy customers.  further,  dronetracker,  dedrones  airspace  security  platform  is  designed  to  detects  a  wide  variety  drones,  the  company  notes,  including  commercial,  consumer  and  militarygrade,  as  well  as  autonomous  drones.  leverages  iot  sensor  data  to  detect,  classify,  mitigate,  and  localize  dronebased  threats,  the  company  says,  while  att  provides  the  lte  connectivity.  once  a  drone  threat  is  detected,  dedrone  notifies  security  personnel.  at  least,  thats  what  the  press  release  says.  a  dedrone  explainer  makes  vague  mention  of  unspecified  countermeasures,  which  the  identifies  as  everything  from  nets  to  lasers  to  emp  pulses.  watch  dedrones  explainer  video  here:  until  i  heard  about  this  deal,  i
__label__controloptimizationautonomy didnt  know  that  drone  detection  was  an  actual  business.  sure,  there  are  a  lot  of  drones  out  there,  and  people  can  often  use  any  new  tool  in  stupid,  dangerous,  and  hostile  ways.  but  is  the  threat  really  that  great  for  most  business  and  industrial  applications  as  opposed,  to  government,  military,  or  correctional  facilities?  im  still  not  sure  that  knowing  that  att  and  dedrone  along  with  many  others,  im  sure  are  on  the  case  makes  me  feel  safer  or  even  more  vulnerable.  thats  not  my  main  conclusion,  here,  though.  the  real  takeaway  is  that  a  transformative  technology  such  as  iot  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy rapidly  disrupting  and  creating  businesses  not  to  mention  lifestyles  and  many  other  things  in  powerful,  but  difficult  to  predict  ways.  watch  the  att/dedrone  video  below:  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keep  me  logged  in  iag  cargo,  the  cargo  handling  division  of  british  airways  parent  ,  says  it  has  carried  out  a  trial  of  autonomous  drone  technology  at  a  warehouse  in  the  spanish  capital  of  madrid.  in  an  announcement  wednesday,  iag  cargo  said  the  technology  had  been  designed  around  the  automation  of  freight  checks  and  that  it  would  help  to  boost  both  the  reliability  and  efficiency  of  operations.  a  cargo  business  which  serves  more  than  350  destinations  globally,  iag  cargo  employs  over  2,400  people.  the  trials  were  undertaken  after  iag  cargo  said  it  found  that,  on  average,  6,500  hours  per  year
__label__controloptimizationautonomy were  being  spent  recording  the  location  data  and  barcodes  of  freight  stored  in  its  warehouses.  they  made  use  of  technology  from  flytbase,  a  startup  which  specializes  in  drone  software.  so  far,  two  trials  have  been  completed.  among  other  things,  the  tech  enabled  the  drones  to  detect  and  read  air  waybills  accurately  and  identify  empty  slot  locations  in  the  warehouse.  an  air  waybill  is  a  crucial  document  which  contains  key  pieces  of  information  related  to  a  shipment.  when  required,  the  drones  used  by  iag  cargo  automatically  fly  back  to  charging  stations  to  selfcharge.  as  technology  develops,  the  applications  for  drones  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy becoming  increasingly  diverse.  in  september,  autonomous  drone  technology  was  used  to  a  location  off  the  west  coast  of  ireland.  the  contents  of  the  delivery  were  insulin  and  glucagon,  while  the  drone  also  collected  a  patients  blood  sample.  the  national  university  of  ireland  in  galway  said  the  drones  journey  between  connemara  airport  and  inis  mr,  which  is  part  of  the  aran  islands,  showed  the  possibility  of  future  deliveries  of  this  kind  within  planned  drone  corridors.  in  the  energy  sector,  researchers  in  the  u.k.  have  that  can  inspect  offshore  energy  sites.  the  drones  were  developed  by  the  offshore  robotics  for  the  certification
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  assets  hub,  a  consortium  of  five  universities  working  with  partners  from  industry  sectors  such  as  energy  and  technology.  got  a  confidential  news  tip?  we  want  to  hear  from  you.  sign  up  for  free  newsletters  and  get  more  cnbc  delivered  to  your  inbox  get  this  delivered  to  your  inbox,  and  more  info  about  our  products  and  services.  2019  cnbc  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  data  is  a  realtime  snapshot  data  is  delayed  at  least  15  minutes.  global  business  and  financial  news,  stock  quotes,  and  market  data  and  analysis.  data  also  provided  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__controloptimizationautonomy using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__controloptimizationautonomy assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  though  often  thought  of  as  military  tools  or  toys,  drones  are  increasingly  being  used  for  business,  public  safety  and  other  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  applications.  some  of  these  applications  are  fairly  simple,  such  as  taking  pictures  of  real  estate  or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy construction  projects  for  sales  and  marketing  purposes.  others  are  more  sophisticated,  such  as  the  use  of  drones  and  the  iot  to  ,  to  detect  irrigation  or  pest  problems,  or  provide  after  a  storm  or  other  natural  disaster  disables  a  regions  cell  towers.  however,  while  these  industrial  iot  drone  applications  are  exciting,  they  all  require  a  person  to  be  guiding  and  monitoring  the  drone  constantly  while  it  is  in  the  air.  in  most  cases,  governments  also  require  that  that  drone  operators  keep  the  drone  in  their  line  of  sight  while  they  fly  it.  fully  autonomous  drones,  or  at  least  drones  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  be  safely  operated  beyond  visual  line  of  sight  bvlos,  would  open  up  a  wide  range  of  other  new  industrial  iot  applications,  including  the  delivery  of  and  other  packages  during  disasters  or  for  business  purposes,  traffic  management,  and  .  yet  several  barriers  currently  prevent  the  use  of  autonomous  or  bvlos  drones  for  industrial  iot  applications,  including  extensive  battery  usage  that  limits  drone  flight  times,  the  lack  of  drone  traffic  management  systems,  and  the  need  for  updated  drone  flight  regulations.  until  these  barriers  are  overcome,  we  are  unlikely  to  see  many  bvlos  or  autonomous  drones  take  to  the  sky.  so  how
__label__controloptimizationautonomy soon  might  these  barriers  be  addressed?  in  some  cases,  sooner  than  you  think.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy you  dont  have  to  break  the  bank  to  build  awesome  autonomous  drones.  in  this  post,  mukut  mukherjee,  a  highschool  student,  will  guide  you  through  the  process  of  creating  an  autonomous  drone  from  a  dji  f450  framefor  under  200with  applications  including  localization,  mapping,  navigation,  and  image  processing.  lets  go  from  mythical  flying  horses  to  da  vinci  to  the  wright  brothers,  we  have  always  held  a  special  place  in  our  hearts  for  flying  objects.  thanks  to  science  and  technology,  our  fascination  with  angels  have  been  replaced  with  that  of  autonomous  dronesmachines  that  are  capable  of  flying  by  themselves.  building  an  autonomous  drone,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy or  even  understanding  them,  can  be  quitedaunting.  so  lets  break  this  down  we  would  first  need  to  build  a  standard  radio  controlled  drone.  starting  with  the  frame,  the  by  dji  seems  to  be  the  most  reliable.  the  dji  frame  on  my  drone  survived  a  300  feet  free  fall.  its  quite  durable  we  would  then  need  motors  and  some  electronic  speed  controllers.  since  we  will  be  using  the  f450  frame,  which  has  a  payload  of  about  2  kilograms,  we  need  to  be  using  brushless  motors  that  have  a  rating  of  at  least  propellers.  any  would  suffice  for  this  project.  a  polymer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy battery  above  2300mah  would  give  the  drone  10  minutes  of  flight  time.  the  most  important  part  of  this  standard  drone  build  is  the  flight  controller.  flight  controllers  designed  specifically  for  autonomous  missions  could  be  chosen,  but  that  would  defeat  the  very  purpose  of  this  postbuilding  autonomous  drones  on  the  cheap.  using  some  basic  inexpensive  flight  controllers  like  the  kk2.0  board  or  the  by  openpilot  below  would  be  a  better  and  more  fun  option.  next  up,  we  need  a  6channel  radio  controller  like  to  complete  the  basic  build.  even  though  we  would  only  be  using  four  channels  out  of  the  six,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  extra  two  could  help  interface  some  other  control,  controlling,  for  example,  a  camera  gimbal.  once  everything  isconnectedand  the  flight  controller  is  ,  were  just  about  ready  for  takeoff  the  first  step  toward  automating  your  drone  would  be  replacing  the  radio  with  an  onboard  computer.  speaking  of  onboard  computers  for  the  drone,  i  hope  that  a  lenovo  thinkpad  would  not  be  the  first  thing  that  pops  to  mind  rather,  we  can  make  good  use  of  the  here.  an  arduino  would  perform  in  this  situation,  although  it  isnt  a  computer  but  a  microcontroller.  ive  tried  and  tested  both  the  arduino  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  pi  for  drone  applications.  i  think  that  the  pi  is  best  suited  to  the  task  of  making  the  drone  autonomous  because  of  its  greater  computational  power  and  flexibility.  how  does  replacing  the  radio  with  the  pi  help  us  achieve  our  goal  of  autonomous  flight?  well,  with  the  pi  we  can  connect  a  wide  range  of  external  sensors  to  the  drone.  we  can  also  run  various  mapping,  localization,  and/or  image  processing  algorithms  from  the  resulting  sensor  data.  basically,  we  can  do  all  the  fun  stuff  the  first  order  of  business,  however,  is  to  mimic  the  radio  transmitter  signals  that  served
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  inputs  for  the  flight  controller.  in  order  to  interface  the  raspberry  pi  with  the  flight  controller,  we  need  to  use  the  function  of  the  pins  on  the  pi.  use  the  as  a  reference.  once  youre  done  with  the  code,  open  up  the  latest  librepilot  previously  known  as  openpilot  and  configure  the  inputs  from  the  pi  to  different  channels  that  correspond  to  throttle,  pitch,  yaw,  and  roll.  next,  follow  the  normal  radio  controller  calibration  procedure  with  the  pi.  we  should  now  be  all  set  to  use  the  pi  for  sending  commands  to  the  flight  controller,  which  controls  the  movement  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  drone.  our  setup  could  be  expanded  by  using  a  mobile  device  that  sends  specific  commands  to  the  drone.  i  made  this  that  sends  specific  commands  to  the  drone,  to  take  off,  land,  arm,  disarm,  etc  .  i  explain  all  of  this  in  the  documentation,  which  is  included  with  the  app  linked  above.  this  advancement  enables  the  user  to  fly  the  drone  in  a  more  controlled  and  guided  manner,  increasing  safety  and  stability.  at  this  point,  the  drone  can  be  controlled  by  a  mobile  application  through  bluetooth,  or  any  form  of  communication  for  that  matter,  while  the  onboard  raspberry  pi
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  now  be  used  for  all  the  fun  stuff.  in  this  model,  the  flight  controller  acts  as  a  mere  motor  control  unit  that  flies  and  balances  the  quadcopter.  this  means  that  the  raspberry  pi  could  be  used  as  the  brain  of  our  drone  while  the  flight  controller  handles  all  of  the  electronics.  using  the  raspberry  pi,  we  can  add  a  range  of  diverse  external  sensors  that  can  aid  our  drones  flight.  a  cheap  ultrasonic  sensor  can  be  placed  at  the  bottom  of  the  drone  to  maintain  a  constant  height  at  all  times.  with  four  more  ultrasonic  sensors  at  the  front,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy back,  and  sides,  our  drone  could  avoid  any  obstacles  in  its  way  and  even  go  over  obstacles  that  are  under  its  body  e.g.  stairs.  a  laser  range  finder,  such  as  the  one  in  the  above  video,  could  also  be  used  instead  of  the  ultrasonic  sensors.  the  laser  rangefinders  might  be  more  costly,  but  theyre  also  more  accurate.  its  a  tradeoff.  going  a  step  further,  we  could  use  a  webcam  that  may  have  been  laying  in  our  basements  since  the  early  2000s.  realtime  image  processing  can  be  easily  implemented  on  the  pi  using  .  opencv  is  a  powerful,  open  source  tool
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  can  be  used  for  image  recognition,  object  tracking,  etc  .  by  using  this  tool,  our  drone  can  also  be  used  for  advanced  applications  such  as  rescue  or  search  operations,  in  which  a  specific  target  needs  to  be  followed  or  found.  this  could  be  achieved  using  opencv.  the  raspberry  pi  can  also  run  rosan  environment  specially  made  for  robotics  applications.  ros  has  many  important  libraries  that  mainly  target  and  improve  autonomous  navigation.  using  imultaneous  ocalization  nd  apping,  or  slam,  we  could  empower  our  drone  to  navigate  an  unknown  environment.  this  would  require  advanced  lidars,  which  in  principle  are  highspeed  360degree
__label__controloptimizationautonomy laser  scanners.  once  equipped  with  the  lidars,  the  drone  could  be  used  in  any  environment.  using  slam  algorithms,  the  raspberry  pi  would  create  a  2d  map  of  its  environment  and  then  navigate  through  it.  this  has  huge  applications  in  autonomous  indoor  flying  because  gps  is  unreliable  indoors  due  to  satellite  signal  attenuation.  excluding  the  lidar,  everything  else  we  discussed  here  costs  well  under  200,  which  is  less  than  the  price  of  a  ps4  and  way  more  fun.  this  model  provides  a  great  learning  experience  with  the  possibility  of  implementing  advanced  applications  in  contrast  to  the  costlier  readytofly  drones.  with  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy raspberry  pi  in  place  of  the  radio,  applications  targeting  automation  become  easier  with  more  stabilized  control  and  safer  flights.  and,  that  is  it  toward  autonomous  drones  under  200  a  version  of  this  article  was  originally  published  by  ,  a  student  at  wwp  high  school  north,  .
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reply  is  the  place  to  meet  an  incredible  variety  of  enthusiastic,  passionate,  ideasdriven  people,  who  want  to  make  a  difference  and  an  impact.  would  you  like  to  know  more?  has  matured  many  years  of  experience  in  the  automotive  industry,  as  well  as  in  the  aerospace  and  defence  sectors.  benefiting  from  the  functional  knowledge  gained,  the  company  has  structured  a  range  of  products  and  services,  offering  customers  strategic  and  highlyfunctional  consulting,  and  subsequently  focusing  the  needs  on  the  technical  context  that  best  suits  the  clients  landscape.  in  recent  years  drones  have  played  a  very  significant  role  in  our  society  in  various
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fields:  from  the  logistics  sector,  providing  support  to  inventory  activities,  to  the  security/military  sector  for  the  inspection  of  areas  that  are  hazardous  or  difficult  to  access.  in  many  of  these  areas,  the  drones  are  controlled  by  computer  systems  which  can  estimate  their  position,  thanks  to  onboard  sensors  such  as  gps  units  and  accelerometers,  thus  providing  full  remote  control  of  the  devices.  the  possible  include:  the  blue  reply  manufacturing  business  unit  offers  customers  a  cloud  platform  designed  to  speed  up  the  release  of  business  solutions  based  on  the  use  of  drones  with  autonomous  navigation  capabilities  in  different  contexts  and  scenarios.  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  an  architectural  solution  designed  to  manage  drone  fleets,  providing  services  for  the  control  and  autonomous  navigation  of  these  devices.  thanks  to  the  features  made  available,  the  drones  can  be  used  in  different  contexts  including  agriculture,  delivery,  inventory,  inspection  and  more.  within  the  realm,  blue  reply  relies  on  this  platform  to  help  companies  develop  business  drone  applications  through  proofs  of  concept  or  complete  and  flexible  solutions  designed  to  adapt  to  meet  the  customers  business  requirements.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy clear  clear  search  menu  addcircleoutline  removecircleoutline  share  announcement  textsms  find  support  for  a  specific  problem  on  the  support  section  of  our  website.  please  let  us  know  what  you  think  of  our  products  and  services.  our  dedicated  information  section  provides  allows  you  to  learn  more  about  mdpi.  clear  remote  sens.  2019  ,  11  18,2144;  :  2017  2018  2018  2018  2018  2018  2016  2018  2017  2018  2018  2018  2017  2018  2016  2018  2015  2019  2018  2012  2015  2006  2006  2015  2008  2018  2015  2018  2012  2018  2014  2018  2019  2017  2017  2018  2017  2015  2016  2012  2017  2018  2018  2017  2016  2010
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 2018  1997  2018  2013  2016  2017  2018  2017  2018  2018  2019  2019  2019  2016  2017  2019  2018  2018  2015  2019  2019  2011  2019  2019  2016  2019  2019  2016  2017  2019  2018  2018  2019  2015  2019  2019  2019  2019  2018  2019  2019  2018  2019  2019  2019  2018  2019  2017  2017  figure  1.  figure  1.  figure  2.  figure  2.  table  1.  table  1.  table  2.  table  2.  table  3.  table  3.  table  4.  table  4.  subscribe  to  receive  issue  release  notifications  and  newsletters  from  mdpi  journals  clear
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  combination  of  drones  and  wildfires  isnt  usually  a  productive  one.  emergency  teams  tasked  with  fighting  them  are  often  disrupted  by  opportunistic  aerial  photographers.  but  the  technology  has  also  proved  to  be  a  useful  situational  awareness  for  fire  crews.  drones  can  cover  ground  quickly  and  provide  an  indication  of  a  fires  scale  and  threat,  reducing  the  need  to  put  emergency  teams  in  danger.  in  the  not  too  distant  future,  drones  may  play  a  more  active  role  in  firefighting.  tethered,  hosecarrying  drones  are  being  developed  by  companies  including  ,  as  you  can  see  in  the  video  below:  beyond  that,  advances  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy computer  vision  and  swarm  technology  could  see  drones  form  aerial  aqueducts  and  fight  fires  as  part  of  a  relentless,  roundtheclock  team.  in  collaboration  with  the  carlos  iii  university  of  madrid  and  local  drone  companies  and  ,  spanish  telecommunications  giant  has  carried  out  a  pilot  project  to  see  howdrones  and  iot  sensors  can  provide  early  warning  systems  for  forest  fires.  spain  is  one  of  many  countries  around  the  world  facing  increasingly  destructive  annual  forest  fires  as  global  temperatures  rise.  last  year,  spain  was  europes  most  heavily  impacted  country,  with  7,143  forest  fires  and  25,162.44  hectares  devastated  by  flames.  the  system  being
__label__controloptimizationautonomy developed  relies  heavily  on  telefnicas  telecommunications  towers.  in  it,  the  towers  are  equipped  with  thermal  sensors,  which  are  capable  of  detecting  any  possible  outbreak  of  fire  in  a  perimeter  of  up  to  15  km.  the  towers  would  also  house  a  small  hangar,  which  in  turn  houses  an  autonomous  drone,  equipped  with  both  a  thermal  camera  and  an  optical  one.  once  the  thermal  sensors  detect  a  fire,  an  alert  is  sent  to  the  drone  with  the  exact  location  of  the  trigger.  the  drone  then  flies  autonomously  to  that  point  to  collect  optical  and  thermal  images.  these  are  sent  in  real  time
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  the  emergency  services,  using  the  mobile  connectivity  provided  by  telefnicas  towers.  telefonica  says  the  system  can  also  be  tapped  into  by  emergency  services,  who  can  take  control  of  the  drone  at  any  time  to  gather  more  information.  once  the  mission  is  over,  the  drone  returns  to  the  hangar  and  gets  ready  for  future  flights  by  automatically  recharging  its  batteries.  vicente  muoz,  chief  iot  officer  of  telefnica,  :  the  evolution  of  unmanned  vehicles  such  as  drones,  improvements  in  sensors  and  iot  communication  networks  are  revolutionising  the  monitoring  of  all  kinds  of  infrastructures  and  the  management  of  emergencies  such  as  fighting
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forest  fires.  thanks  to  iot  technology,  fires  can  be  detected  early  and  vital  information  can  be  known  to  make  better  decisions  at  an  early  stage,  which  can  help  to  quell  an  emerging  fire  so  that  it  does  not  lead  to  a  large  devastating  one.  the  pilot  tests  were  conducted  with  experts  from  madrids  carlos  iii  university,  divisek  and  dronitec.  the  university  team  developed  an  autonomous  flight  system,  as  well  as  the  interface  emergency  service  use  to  see  information  gathered  in  real  time.  divisek  developed  the  autonomous  drone  recharging  system.  dronitec  collaborated  in  all  the  services  associated  with  the  drone.  malek
__label__controloptimizationautonomy murison  is  a  freelance  writer  and  editor  with  a  passion  for  tech  trends  and  innovation.  he  handles  product  reviews,  major  releases  and  keeps  an  eye  on  the  enthusiast  market  for  dronelife.  twitter:  subscribe  to  dronelife  .  2017  dronelife.com
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  worlds  smallest  ai  supercomputer  for  embedded  and  edge  systems  ai  is  enabling  new  applications  that  were  previously  considered  science  fictionand  impacting  nearly  every  industry.  autonomous  machines  take  advantage  of  ai  to  solve  some  of  the  worlds  toughest  problems.  the  nvidia  jetson  platform  gives  you  the  tools  to  develop  and  deploy  aipowered  robots,  drones,  iva  applications,  and  other  autonomous  machines  that  think  for  themselves.  enable  robots  and  other  autonomous  machines  to  perceive,  navigate,  and  manipulate  the  world  around  them.  use  ai  to  quickly  identify  defects  with  pinpoint  accuracy  to  ensure  the  highest  product  quality  with  autonomous  optical  inspection  aoi.  bringing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  power  of  ai  to  a  wide  variety  of  iot  gateways  and  edge  devices,  to  enable  local  processing  of  sensors  and  data.  get  realtime  actionable  insights  through  streaming  video  analytics.  nvidia  jetson  modules  deliver  accelerated  computing  capabilities  at  different  performance  levels  and  prices  to  suit  a  variety  of  autonomous  applications.  from  manufacturing  to  construction,  healthcare  to  delivery,  the  nvidia  jetson  platform  delivers  unequalled  performance,  power  efficiency,  and  ease  of  development.  this  means  forwardlooking  companies  can  now  develop  products  that  arent  possible  on  any  other  platform  and  get  them  to  market  fast.  learn  more  about  the  jetson  family  nvidia  jetson  modules
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deliver  accelerated  computing  capabilities  at  different  performance  levels  and  prices  to  suit  a  variety  of  autonomous  applications.  from  manufacturing  to  construction,  healthcare  to  delivery,  the  nvidia  jetson  platform  delivers  unequalled  performance,  power  efficiency,  and  ease  of  development.  this  means  forwardlooking  companies  can  now  develop  products  that  arent  possible  on  any  other  platform  and  get  them  to  market  fast.  learn  more  about  the  .  0.5  tflops  fp16  510w  45  mm  x  70  mm  129  usd  1.3  tflops  fp16  7.515w  1020w  50  mm  x  87  mm  starting  at  249  usd  21  tops  int8  1015w  45  mm  x  70  mm  399  usd  5.5
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 11  tflops  fp16  20  32  tops  int8  1030w  100  mm  x  87  mm  starting  at  599  usd  the  jetson  agx  xavier  developer  kit  is  capable  of  delivering  up  to  32  teraops  tops  of  compute  performance  from  a  512core  integrated  volta  tensor  core  gpu,  and  dual  deep  learning  accelerator  dla  engines.  it  enables  developers  to  get  a  jumpstart  on  creating  the  nextgeneration  of  robots,  drones  and  other  autonomous  machines.  leading  japanese  companies,  fanuc,  komatsu,  musashi  seimitsu  and  kawada  technologies  adopt  jetson  agx  xavier  ai  robotics  platform  for  nextgeneration  autonomous  machines  across  japanese  industrial  markets.  the  japanese  manufacturer  plans  to  make  jetson
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agx  xavier  the  brain  for  a  broad  portfolio  of  intelligent  machines,  including  unmanned  agriculture  vehicles,  lastmile  vehicles  and  marine  products.  japans  komatsu  selects  nvidia  as  partner  for  deploying  ai  to  create  safer,  more  efficient  construction  sites.  special  delivery  has  new  meaning  if  the  package  arrives  by  a  drone  or  robot.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  computer  science  department,  the  university  of  sheffield  international  faculty,  city  college,  54626  thessaloniki,  greece;  department  of  networks  and  digital  media,  kingston  university,  surrey  kt1  2ee,  uk;  department  of  informatics  and  telecommunication  engineering,  university  of  western  macedonia,  50100  kozani,  greece;  department  of  informatics  and  telecommunication  engineering,  university  of  western  macedonia,  50100  kozani,  greece;  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  have  enormous  potential  in  enabling  new  applications  in  various  areas,  ranging  from  military,  security,  medicine,  and  surveillance  to  trafficmonitoring  applications.  lately,  there  has  been  heavy  investment  in  the  development  of  uavs  and  multiuavs  systems  that  can
__label__controloptimizationautonomy collaborate  and  complete  missions  more  efficiently  and  economically.  emerging  technologies  such  as  4g/5g  networks  have  significant  potential  on  uavs  equipped  with  cameras,  sensors,  and  gps  receivers  in  delivering  internet  of  things  iot  services  from  great  heights,  creating  an  airborne  domain  of  the  iot.  however,  there  are  many  issues  to  be  resolved  before  the  effective  use  of  uavs  can  be  made,  including  security,  privacy,  and  management.  as  such,  in  this  paper  we  review  new  uav  application  areas  enabled  by  the  iot  and  5g  technologies,  analyze  the  sensor  requirements,  and  overview  solutions  for  fleet  management  over  aerialnetworking,  privacy,  and  security  challenges.  finally,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  propose  a  framework  that  supports  and  enables  these  technologies  on  uavs.  the  introduced  framework  provisions  a  holistic  iot  architecture  that  enables  the  protection  of  uavs  as  flying  things  in  a  collaborative  networked  environment.  the  applications  of  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  are  diverse,  including  areas  related  to  civilian,  military,  commercial,  and  governmental  sectors  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  examples  include  environmental  monitoring  e.g.,  pollution,  health  of  plants,  and  industrial  accidents  in  the  civilian  sector.  in  military  and  governmental  areas,  we  mainly  have  surveillance  and  delivery  applications  aiming  to  acquire  or  provide  information  at  locations  after  a  disaster  or  attack,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  distribute  medicine  or  other  essential  items.  commercial  applications  are  focused  on  delivering  products  and  goods  both  in  urban  and  rural  areas.  uavs,  since  they  are  dependent  on  sensors,  antennas,  and  embedded  software,  are  considered  as  part  of  the  internet  of  things,  providing  a  twoway  communication  for  applications  related  to  remote  control  and  monitoring  .  the  internet  of  things  iot  constitutes  a  rapidly  emerging  cuttingedge  environment  in  which  the  focal  concept  lies  in  the  orchestration  of  a  large  variety  of  smart  objects  in  such  a  way  that  they  can  be  utilized  and  operated  globally,  either  directly  by  users  or  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy special  software  that  captures  their  behavior  and  objectives.  iot  enables  objects  to  become  active  participants  of  everyday  activities,  with  numerous  promising  applications  through  various  communication  technologies  in  the  context  of  the  smartcity  vision  .  it  is  estimated  that  around  25  billion  uniquely  identifiable  objects  are  expected  to  be  part  of  this  global  community  by  2020.  these  projections  are  expected  to  substantially  increase  with  the  introduction  of  5g  technologies  and  networks.  iot  objects  are  becoming  more  complex,  heterogeneous,  and  highly  distributed  .  this  transformation  comes  with  a  cost:  the  iot,  as  a  fusion  of  heterogeneous  networks,  not  only  involves  the  same
__label__controloptimizationautonomy security  problems  with  sensor  networks,  mobile  communication  networks,  and  the  internet,  but  also  brings  along  specific  privacyprotection  challenges.  as  part  of  heterogeneous  networks,  things  have  to  support  advanced  security  concepts,  such  as  authentication,  access  control,  data  protection,  confidentiality,  cyberattack  prevention,  and  a  high  level  of  authorization  .  these  security  and  privacy  challenges  are  different  from  traditional  internet  security  issues,  since  the  iot  presents  unique  features  in  handling  and  dealing  with  external  and  internal  threats.  in  this  context,  a  regulatory  framework  is  needed  for  setting  and  applying  rules  and  policies  in  commercial  objects.  this  framework  should  provide  regulation  rules  and  procedures
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  all  commercial  things  should  pass  for  receiving  a  security  and  privacy  license  in  terms  of  connectivity  and  intelligence,  actuation,  and  control  features.  in  light  of  the  aforementioned  remarks,  this  paper:  overviews  new  uav  application  domains  enabled  by  iot  and  5g  technologies.  analyzes  the  iot  sensor  requirements  for  drones.  summarizes  the  privacy  and  security  challenges  of  uav  applications.  overviews  solutions  for  fleet  management  over  aerial  networking.  furthermore,  to  address  iot  security  and  privacy  challenges  for  drones,  an  advanced  framework  for  endtoend  security  and  privacy  prevention  in  real,  marketbased  dynamic  iot  environments  is  introduced.  the  proposed  framework  includes  cuttingedge  holistic  approaches
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  advancing  the  current  security  and  privacy  level  into  a  robust,  resilient,  and  highprotected  trusted  environment.  the  framework  supports  multilevel  and  multidomain  defence  mechanisms  in  protecting  iot  objects  i.e.,  uavs  from  spoofing,  signaljamming,  and  physical  attacks,  rf  and  mobileapplication  hacking,  protocol  abusing,  and  firmware  hacks/sabotage.  privacy  preservation  is  accomplished  by  effective  crowd  of  things  strategies,  where  the  anonymity  of  the  users  and  the  information  that  the  uav  carries  are  ensured.  vision  techniques  are  considered  as  aiming  to  enhance  the  security  of  iot  by  supporting  computervision  and  machinelearning  solutions.  in  summary,  the  main  contribution  of  this  work  is,  on  the  one
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hand,  conducting  a  targeted  review  that  focuses  on  security  issues  and  promising  solutions  associated  with  the  inclusion  of  uavs  in  the  iot  ecosystem,  considering  the  special  characteristics  of  such  devices  and  the  related  cuttingedge  technologies.  on  the  other  hand,  a  new  framework  that  involves  uavspecific  security  extensions  is  presented  for  addressing  the  identified  issues,  along  with  ambitious  realworld  use  cases.  the  rest  of  this  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  in  ,  we  discuss  aspects  of  using  uavs  for  wireless  networks,  review  prior  uaviot  frameworks,  overview  iot  sensors  for  uavs  over  5g  networks,  discuss  security  and  privacy  issues  for  drones,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy analyze  protection  mechanisms  focusing  on  aerial  networks  and  fleetmanagement  systems.  in  ,  we  describe  the  proposed  framework  focusing  on  protecting  drones.  suggestions  and  evaluation  requirements  are  presented  in  ,  and  we  finally  conclude  the  paper  in  .  the  use  of  uavs  as  key  entities  of  nextgeneration  wireless  networks  constitutes  one  of  the  most  promising  applications  of  the  corresponding  technologies.  a  number  of  promising  use  cases  are  thoroughly  detailed  in  reference  and  presented  below.  uavcarried  flying  base  stations  that  complete  heterogeneous  5g  systems  to  enhance  the  coverage  and  capacity  of  existing  wireless  access  technologies.  uavbased  aerial  networks  that  allow  reliable,  flexible,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  fast  wireless  connections  in  publicsafety  scenarios.  uavs  that  support  terrestrial  networks  for  disseminating  information  and  enhancing  connectivity.  uavs  as  flying  antennas  that  can  be  deployed  on  demand  to  enable  mmwave  communications,  massive  mimo,  and  3d  network  mimo.  uavs  that  are  used  to  provide  energyefficient  and  reliable  iot  uplink  connections.  uavs  that  form  the  backhaul  of  terrestrial  networks  to  allow  agile,  reliable,  costeffective,  and  highspeed  connectivity.  uavs  able  to  cache  popular  content  and  efficiently  serve  mobile  users  by  following  their  mobility  patterns.  uavs  that  act  as  users  of  the  wireless  infrastructure  for  surveillance,  remotesensing,  and  virtualreality  cases,  and  packagedelivery  applications.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy uavs  that  collect  vast  amounts  of  city  data  and/or  enhance  cellular  network  coverage  in  a  smartcity  scenario.  different  types  of  uavs  with  distinctive  characteristics,  such  as  supported  altitude,  speed,  and  energy  autonomy,  are  suitable  for  different  applications.  generally,  uavs  are  classified  according  to  their  supported  altitudes  into  lowaltitude  platforms  lap  and  highaltitude  platforms  .  furthermore,  uavs  can  be  classified  into  rotarywing  and  fixedwing.  the  former  are  appropriate  for  cases  that  require  uavs  that  can  remain  at  steady  positions,  whereas  the  latter  are  suitable  for  applications  that  demand  uavs  travelling  at  high  speeds  and  covering  large  distances  .  in  an  iot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy environment,  due  to  the  limited  energy  capacity  of  the  participating  devices,  suitable  lap  uavs  of  the  rotarywing  type  can  be  efficiently  and  dynamically  positioned  to  allow  iot  devices  to  transmit  with  minimum  power.  a  related  framework  towards  this  direction  is  introduced  in  reference  ,  while  authors  in  reference  introduce  a  resourceallocation  scheme  for  improving  energy  consumption  at  cluster  heads  that  use  aerial  base  stations.  the  use  of  uavs  as  flying  relays  for  iot  networks  has  numerous  advantages,  such  as  energy  conservation  and  reliability;  however,  there  are  also  some  significant  challenges  that  need  to  be  addressed.  among  those  challenges,  interference  management,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy uav  deployment,  and  path  planning  are  considered  of  major  importance.  the  authors  in  reference  propose  and  analyze  an  efficient  deployment  scheme  for  multiple  uavs  using  circle  parking  theory.  regarding  interference  management,  the  findings  revealed  that  uavs  altitude  needs  to  be  adjusted  according  to  the  coverage  requirements  and  the  beamwidth  of  their  directional  antennas.  a  related  work  presented  in  reference  concluded  on  the  optimum  placement  of  uavs  as  relay  nodes  that  the  decodeandforward  approach  outperforms  the  amplifyandforward  one.  a  new  heuristic  algorithm  for  3d  uav  deployment  was  introduced  in  reference  ,  which  minimizes  the  number  of  required  uavs  to  keep  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy specific  level  of  service  quality.  to  mitigate  interference,  the  authors  suggest  lowering  the  altitude,  but  there  is  an  obvious  tradeoff  between  this  and  coverage.  similarly,  the  authors  in  reference  analyze  the  tradeoff  between  delay  and  coverage,  as  far  as  the  number  of  uav  stop  points  is  concerned.  as  far  as  path  planning  is  concerned,  it  is  directly  related  with  trajectory  optimization.  in  general,  finding  the  optimal  flight  path  for  a  uav  is  considered  a  challenging  goal,  since  it  is  affected  by  multiple  factors,  such  as  energy  limitations,  flight  time,  and  obstacle  avoidance.  hence,  as  explained  in  reference  ,  path  planning
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  usually  approached  as  an  optimization  problem  with  various  objectives  depending  on  the  criterion  of  interest.  energy  consumption,  in  particular,  constitutes  a  critical  issue  for  the  deployment  and  mobility  of  uavs.  because  of  their  limited  battery  capacity,  uavs  are  not  typically  able  of  providing  for  long  continuous  wireless  coverage  in  scenarios  such  as  iot  networking.  their  energy  autonomy  is  highly  affected  by  the  uav  role  and  flight  path,  weather  conditions,  etc.,  and  actually  constitutes  the  main  constraint  for  uav  adoption  in  many  cases.  there  are  several  recent  research  endeavors  toward  improving  uav  energy  efficiency,  focusing  on  various  aspects,  such  as
__label__controloptimizationautonomy trajectory  optimization  ,  cooperative  communications  ,  energy  harvesting  ,  and  resource  allocation  ,  et  al.  due  to  uavs  high  agility,  they  are  now  widely  accepted  as  promising  members  of  the  iot  vision  or  even  enablers  of  such  a  vision.  they  are  capable  of  offering  new  valueadded  iot  services,  while  they  can  carry  a  variety  of  mtmc  devices  .  in  more  detail,  according  to  the  definition  of  iot,  things  are  expected  to  be  able  to  be  connected  anywhere  at  any  time  providing  any  service.  uavs  can  fulfil  this  requirement,  thanks  to  their  autonomy,  flexibility,  and  programmability.  in  this  context,  a  number
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  uavenabled  iot  frameworks  supporting  a  variety  of  practical  use  cases  have  been  proposed.  authors  in  reference  introduced  and  demonstrated  a  uavbased  iot  platform  for  crowd  surveillance.  the  respective  platform  adopts  and  applies  face  recognition  techniques  and  performs  efficient  offload  of  video  processing  to  a  mobile  edge  computing  mec  node,  considering  the  limited  processing  power  and  energy  capacity  of  a  uav.  the  developed  testbed  collects  videosurveillance  data  and  performs  face  recognition  to  identify  suspicious  individuals  by  utilizing  the  local  binary  pattern  histogram  lbph  algorithm  of  the  open  source  computer  vision  opencv  library.  the  proposed  platform  considers  central  management  of  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy fleet  of  uavs  through  a  system  orchestrator.  a  communication  framework  for  uavs  in  urban  iot  environments  was  proposed  and  evaluated  in  reference  .  it  forms  a  multipath  multihop  infrastructure  that  is  used  to  connect  the  uavs  to  the  ground  control  station.  the  conducted  realworld  experiments  have  shown  that  the  introduced  framework  significantly  enhances  the  control  effectiveness  and  reliability  against  local  congestion.  it  is  noted  that  the  specific  work  was  inspired  by  the  darpa  hackfest  on  software  defined  radios.  in  reference  ,  a  gametheorybased  framework  was  introduced  for  allocating  resources  to  uavs,  which  enter  the  iot  ecosystems  as  platforms  that  assist
__label__controloptimizationautonomy terrestrial  base  stations.  the  access  competition  among  the  uavs  for  bandwidth  is  modelled  as  a  noncooperative  evolutionary  game.  the  evaluation  of  the  two  designed  algorithms  showed  that  nash  equilibrium  can  be  quickly  reached.  an  optimization  framework  for  aerial  sensing  in  the  context  of  an  iot  infrastructure  was  designed  and  presented  in  reference  .  the  goal  is  to  allow  remote  users  to  navigate  in  specific  scenes  of  interest  by  using  augmentedreality  ar/virtualreality  vr  devices  over  the  captured  data.  the  corresponding  scenario  is  likened  to  virtual  human  teleportation.  the  conducted  experiments  effectively  demonstrated  the  advantages  of  the  proposed  methods  on  visual  sensing.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy authors  in  reference  conceived  and  presented  a  new  mec  framework  for  iot  through  an  airground  integration  approach.  four  use  cases  are  presented  to  show  how  the  proposed  airgroundintegrated  mec  framework  supports  high  mobility,  low  latency,  and  high  throughput  for  5g  applications.  through  simulationbased  and  casebased  evaluation,  it  was  shown  that  the  respective  framework  can  support  multiple  iot  scenarios.  a  novel  framework  for  deploying  and  efficiently  moving  uavs  to  gather  information  from  ground  iot  devices  is  proposed  in  reference  .  this  work  focuses  on  the  optimal  deployment  and  mobility  of  uavs,  as  well  as  the  optimal  clustering  of  iot  devices,  toward
__label__controloptimizationautonomy minimizing  transmission  power  while  retaining  reliability.  in  this  manner,  it  was  shown  that  iot  devices  energy  consumption  can  be  significantly  reduced,  whereas  uavs  can  serve  as  ground  devices  for  longer.  the  5g  technology  is  expected  to  enhance  mobile  broadband,  enable  applications  that  require  ultrareliable  very  low  latency  and  very  high  availability  networks,  improve  traffic  safety  and  control,  support  industrial  applications,  remote  manufacturing,  training,  surgery,  logistics,  tracking,  and  fleet  management.  it  will  be  utilized  for  smart  agriculture,  precision  farming,  smart  buildings,  smart  meters,  support  of  4k/8k  uhd  broadcasting,  virtual  and  augmented  reality  without  range  limitations,  including  homes,  enterprises,  and  large  venues
__label__controloptimizationautonomy offering  massive  and  critical  machinetomachinetype  communications  mtmc  .  this  type  of  device  communications  can  be  integrated  with  typical  humantype  communications  htc  through  suitable  gateways  in  the  context  of  a  5g  architecture,  as  presented  in  reference  and  illustrated  in  .  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uavenhanced  5genabled  internet  of  things  iot  services.  other  5g  use  cases  that  are  linked  to  drones  involve  automation  and  robotics.  drones  with  the  support  of  5g  networks  would  be  able  to  offer  a  wide  variety  of  tasks  and  applications  providing  new  benefits  to  a  wide  range  of  industries.  among  the  top  use  cases  of  5genabled  drones,  we  consider
__label__controloptimizationautonomy applications  related  to  construction,  agriculture,  insurance  claims,  police,  fire,  coast  guard,  border  control,  journalism,  news,  utilities,  filmography,  and  logistics.  all  these  applications  will  be  feasible  since  autonomous  and  beyond  lineofsight  control  will  be  supported.  in  order  to  enable  these  use  cases,  specific  minimum  requirements  for  aerial  vehicles  are  essential  in  terms  of  equipment  and  sensors.  the  main  types  of  sensor  technologies  that  are  supported  and  are  a  part  of  drones  today  can  be  separated  into  three  main  categories:  a  flight  control,  b  data  acquisition,  and  c  communication  sensors.  accelerometers  are  used  to  determine  position  and  orientation  of  the  drone  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy flight.  one  type  of  technology  senses  the  micromovement  of  embedded  structures  in  an  integrated  circuit.  thermal  sensing  is  another  technology  used  in  accelerometers,  which  does  not  include  any  moving  parts  but  instead  senses  changes  in  the  movement  of  gas  molecules  passing  over  a  small  integrated  circuit  .  drones  and  uavs  manage  to  maintain  flight  paths  and  directions  using  inertial  measurement  units  combined  with  gps.  the  inertial  measurement  units  utilize  multiaxis  magnetometers  available  in  one  to  three  axes.  a  magnetometer  is  basically  a  magnetic  compass  that  can  measure  the  magnetic  field  of  earth.  this  mechanism  helps  in  determining  the  direction  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  compass  and,  consequently,  of  the  drone,  which  is  estimated  with  respect  to  the  magnetic  north.  the  flightcontrol  system,  in  order  to  maintain  level  flight,  obtains  input  from  tilt  sensors  combined  with  accelerometers  and  gyroscopes.  this  is  an  essential  element  for  uavs,  especially  when  the  applications  require  high  level  of  stability  e.g.,  surveillance,  delivery,  etc..  in  certain  drones  we  have  engine  intake  flow  and  current  sensors  .  these  uavs  are  powered  with  gas  engines  to  effectively  monitor  the  air  flow  and  sensors  to  estimate  the  proper  fueltoair  ratio  at  a  specified  engine  speed  aiming  to  reduce  emissions  and  the  overall
__label__controloptimizationautonomy consumption.  current  sensors  are  available  in  drones  to  monitor  and  optimize  power  consumption  and  detect  faults  with  motors  or  other  areas  of  the  system.  drones  are  equipped  with  several  sensors  to  capture  information  and  data  that  are  required  to  perform  certain  tasks.  depending  on  the  application,  the  payload  sensor  suite  can  be  arranged  during  the  development  of  the  drones.  for  military  use  cases,  uavs  may  be  equipped  with  highend  electrooptical  sensors,  and  radars  for  airborne  systems  providing  resolutions  from  submillimeters  to  a  few  centimetres.  in  surveillance  and  monitoring  applications,  we  can  have  sensors  at  the  lower  end  of  the  spectrum,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy such  as  low  or  high  e.g.,  4k  resolution  rgb  red  green  blue  cameras,  ndvi  normalized  difference  vegetation  index  cameras  for  precision  farming,  lidar  light  imaging,  detection,  and  ranging  for  simultaneous  localization  and  mapping,  and  ultrasonic  sensors  for  sense  and  obstacleavoidance  methods.  we  can  also  have  hyperspectral  depth  and  thermal  sensors  .  applications  that  monitor  environmental  and  weather  conditions  and  are  deployed  in  disaster  relief  and  management  require  sensors  to  measure  or  detect  liquefied  petroleum  gas  lpg,  butane,  methane  ch4,  hydrogen,  smoke,  oxygen,  temperature,  and  humidity.  in  all  these  applications,  the  iot  sensors  collect  data  in  real  time  and  are  either
__label__controloptimizationautonomy processed  on  board  if  enough  power  is  available  or  transmitted  to  a  base  station.  managing  and  controlling  tasks  for  uavs  are  performed  through  communication  systems  and  networks  .  in  the  case  of  multiple  drones,  technologies  are  required  to  allow  them  to  communicate  with  each  other  for  safety  reasons.  there  are  different  types  of  communications,  and  some  of  the  main  types  used  in  uavs  are  listed  in  .  an  extensive  list  of  network  protocols  and  communication  techniques  for  generic  iot  devices  can  be  found  in  reference  .  based  on  the  coverage  range,  available  data  rates,  and  latency  specifications,  it  is  evident
__label__controloptimizationautonomy that  5g  technology  would  impact  drones  communications,  enabling  several  worldwide  applications.  in  such  a  conceptual  model,  uavs  can  form  infrastructureless  dynamic  network  segments  of  the  iot  architecture,  which  are  interconnected  to  the  core  network  for  the  provision  of  demanding  services,  such  as  surveillance  multimedia  streaming  .  categories  of  communication  technologies  available  to  uavs.  security  provision  in  uavs  as  part  of  the  iot  environment  is  a  complex  task  that  requires  the  efficient  integration  of  various  techniques  that  are  associated  with  different  aspects  of  iot  networking  and  uav  operation.  in  the  following  two  subsections,  the  security  and  privacy  components  for  such  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy endeavor  are  discussed  in  detail.  the  main  concept  of  the  followed  approach  is  the  application  of  uavspecific  security  extensions  to  various  iot  technologies  and  security  techniques,  which  can  enable  the  required  integration.  iotbased  uavs  is  a  complex  paradigm  in  which  people  and  machines  interact  with  the  technological  ecosystem  based  on  smart  objects  through  complex  processes  .  when  studying  security  aspects  in  the  iot  technological  ecosystem,  the  study  focused  on  four  main  layers  that  are,  from  top  to  bottom:  the  application,  network,  and  link/adoption  layers,  and  the  perception.  presents  the  iot  security  techniques  of  each  layer,  along  with  uavoriented  extensions  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  right  side.  iot  security  layers  with  uav  extensions.  in  the  application  layer,  security  mechanisms  such  as  the  constrained  application  protocol  coap  ,  access  control  and  user  application  security  are  included  to  enable  secure  messages  and  minimal  configurations  using  the  restful  library,  filtering  and  perimeter  security  with  the  simple  object  access  protocol  soap  and  data  filtering  and  cloud  support  using  application  firewalls  and  intrusion  detection  systems  ids  .  the  main  uav  extensions  in  this  layer  are  related  with  visionbased  enhancements  that  support  selfprotection  and  path/destination  identification  by  using  videoprocessing  and  computervision  techniques  ,  .  novel  solutions  using  deep  learning  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  combination  of  deep  and  shallow  networks  can  be  applied  to  enhance  the  security  of  mobile  things.  in  the  network  layer,  mechanisms  like  ip  security  ipsec,  secure  routing,  and  transport  security  were  suggested  in  reference  .  these  mechanisms  offer  ip  payload  confidentiality  and  integrity  using  ipsec  and  the  encapsulated  security  payload  esp  protocol.  trusted  iot  drones  and  lowenergy  protocols  can  also  be  available  with  the  ipv6  routing  protocol  for  lowpower  and  lossy  networks  rpl  according  to  the  work  in  reference  .  the  datagram  transport  layer  security  dtls  protocol,  which  is,  in  practice,  tls  with  added  features  to  deal  with  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy unreliable  nature  of  user  datagram  protocol  udp  communications,  and  rivest  shamir  adelman  rsa  algorithms  provide  enhanced  confidentiality,  integrity,  and  authentication.  these  mechanisms,  according  to  the  work  in  reference  can  timely  inform  about  potential  threats  e.g.,  blackhole,  wormhole,  sybil  attack,  and  hello  attack  in  flying  things  while  operating.  moreover,  as  uav  security  extensions,  novel  routing  and  name  service  mechanisms  can  be  developed  based  on  the  named  data  networking  ndn  infrastructure,  which  is  an  evolution  of  the  ip  architecture  that  generalizes  the  role  of  this  thin  waist,  such  that  packets  can  name  objects  other  than  communication  endpoints  .  ndn  extensions  can  provide
__label__controloptimizationautonomy robust  object  identification  and  ensure  the  integrity  of  the  things  records  used  in  the  naming  architecture,  in  order  to  defend  against  dns,  maninthemiddle  mim,  and  identification  attacks  using  dns  security  extensions  dnssec.  additionally,  poweraware  routing  extensions  can  enhance  drones  energy  autonomy  and  increase  flying  time.  in  the  link/adoption  layer,  important  security  services  have  to  be  applied  in  the  6lowpan  adoption  layer,  including  endtoend  security,  continuous  authentication  schemes  ,  ,  trust  verification/validation,  and  key  management  mechanisms  .  to  provide  robust  communication  and  endpoint  security,  secure  and  trusted  channel  protocols  were  proposed  in  reference  .  furthermore,  group  key  management  techniques  were  considered
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  reference  ,  aiming  to  enable  multicast  communication  using  coap.  to  further  strengthen  the  iot  drones,  a  trusted  computing  framework  and  execution  architecture,  were  proposed  in  reference  .  secure  connections  are  enabled  with  connection  firewalls  and  intrusion  protection  systems  ips  that  can  deeply  inspect  network  packets.  in  addition,  firewalls,  intrusion  detection  systems,  and  colocation  proofs  were  suggested  in  reference  that  are  necessary  against  routing  attacks,  such  as  selective  forwarding,  sinkhole,  and  wormhole  attacks  .  the  primary  security  threats  in  the  perception  layer  are  physical  damages,  such  as  vandalism  and  weather  challenges.  therefore,  hardware  mechanisms  such  as  tamperprotection  and  detection  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy have  to  be  employed,  as  was  suggested  in  references  ,  .  in  the  perception  layer,  security  is  to  ensure  that  only  authorized  users  can  have  access  to  sensitive  data  that  are  produced  by  physical  objects,  and  thats  why  authentication  and  authorization  policies  need  to  be  defined.  authentication  issues  are  addressed  by  combining  light  public  and  symmetric  key  mechanisms.  according  to  reference  ,  rfc  6698  tlsa  and  numbergs  scheme  are  used  to  ensure  data  authenticity.  the  problem  of  authorization  is  addressed  by  combining  open  protocols  such  as  oath,  https,  u2iot,  and  openid  connect  .  in  addition,  lightweight  cryptography  and  digital  signature
__label__controloptimizationautonomy schemes  are  needed  to  ensure  secure  endtoend  communications.  light  versions  of  existing  algorithms  such  as  the  advanced  encryption  standard  aes,  the  rsa,  and  elliptic  curve  cryptography  ecc  can  be  customized  to  be  applied  on  mobile  things.  privacy  protection  in  the  iot  domain  is  divided  into  two  main  directions:  a  protection  of  collecting,  acquiring,  and  distributing  sensitive  information  such  as  faces,  body  silhouettes,  objects,  and  license  plates,  by  flying  things  such  as  drones;  and  b  protection  of  observing  and  eliciting  patterns,  such  as  the  number,  duration,  and  diversity  of  connections,  all  of  which  can  be  used  as  signatures  of  iot  devices.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  former  direction  is  also  referred  as  user  privacy,  while  the  latter  one  is  known  as  thing  privacy.  privacy  protection  is  a  challenging  goal  in  many  research  fields  where  measuring  devices  take  place.  for  example,  in  reference  a  wide  range  of  sensors  measure  various  types  of  information;  however,  the  concept  fully  protects  the  privacy  of  all  registered  users.  to  ensure  anonymity,  the  group  signature  and  data  of  all  devices  are  communicated  via  tls  protocol  with  an  authentication  mechanism.  the  integrated  group  signature  method  appears  to  be  efficient  to  protect  the  identity  of  the  measuring  devices.  a  group  signature  is  used
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  encrypt  all  data  in  order  to  avoid  the  reception  of  dummy  data  by  the  reporting  service.  similarly,  in  reference  ,  the  proposed  work  provides  identity  confidentiality  of  both  parties  the  end  user  who  requests  data  and  the  owner  of  the  mobile  device.  in  that  manner,  the  end  user  cannot  associate  the  mobile  device  and  measured  data.  current  solutions  for  user  privacy  in  flying  things  are  focused  on  filters  aiming  to  remove  sensitive  information.  most  of  these  systems  are  based  on  computer  vision  analyzing  video  content  .  in  the  case  of  mobile  things,  such  as  drones,  since  they  can  get
__label__controloptimizationautonomy close  to  targets  and  capture  the  same  scene  from  different  points  of  view,  they  are  able  to  gather  sensitive  personal  data,  adding  a  new  dimension  to  issues  related  with  privacy  and  protection  solutions.  several  stateoftheart  privacy  filters  were  introduced,  aiming  also  to  keep  a  balance  between  privacy  issues  and  surveillance  effectiveness.  privacy  filters  include  simple  filters  such  as  pixelization,  masking  blurring,  as  well  as  more  advanced  morphing  and  reversible  warping  filters.  recently,  several  researchers  ,  ,  ,  proposed  new  features  and  approaches  for  dronebased  surveillance  that  affect  visual  privacy.  regarding  the  acquired  audiovisual  data,  a  number  of  approaches  have  been
__label__controloptimizationautonomy proposed  that  employ  encryption  techniques  ,  ,  .  however,  such  techniques  cause  the  corruption  of  large  parts  of  the  original  image,  making  the  intelligibility  task  practically  impossible.  other  solutions  use  reversible  scrambling  applied  in  the  compressionspecific  domain  of  a  particular  video  format  ,  ,  ,  improving  the  visual  result,  but  heavily  depending  on  the  employed  compression  algorithm.  thingprivacy  breaches  arise  because  it  is  still  possible  to  observe  patterns  such  as  the  number,  duration,  and  diversity  of  connections,  all  of  which  can  be  used  as  the  signatures  of  iot  devices.  existing  schemes  that  preserve  privacy  in  identity  management  are  mostly  centralized
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  .  data  provenance  can  provide  data  trackability,  not  just  for  data  privacy  but  also  for  dataquality  assurance  and  datamanagement  transparency  ,  .  one  of  the  main  challenges  in  the  design  of  cooperative  applications  involving  multiple  uavs  multiuavs  is  the  formulation  of  a  network  that  can  provide  connectivity  among  the  different  types  of  employed  vehicles,  protecting  at  the  same  time  the  vehicles  and  the  fleet  mission  from  failures  .  therefore,  it  is  very  important  to  protect  the  life  cycle  of  a  fleet  by  a  establishing  and  maintaining  flexible  aerial  networks,  and  b  by  applying  effective  fleetmanagement  techniques.  multiuav  networks  should
__label__controloptimizationautonomy demonstrate  highly  dynamic  behavior  on  complex  operating  scenarios  baring  all  the  constraints  related  to  energy  consumption  and  connectivity  that  may  jeopardize  the  fleet  mission.  research  on  aerial  networks  focuses  on  the  definition  of  routing  protocols  that  ensure  quick  communication  recovery  by  employing  flexible  aerial  nodes  and  energyconsumption  management  techniques  that  enable  increased  flight  lifetime.  at  the  moment,  configurations  like  mobile  adhoc  networks  manets  that  are  destined  for  mobiledevice  communications,  vehicle  adhoc  networks  vanets  that  mainly  consider  land  vehicles,  and  flying  adhoc  networks  fanets  are  adopted,  each  of  them  presenting  certain  advantages  and  disadvantages  in  contextspecific  deployments  .  all  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy above  adopt  ad  hoc  routing  protocols  that  allow  the  exchange  of  data  from  one  node  to  another  without  any  direct  links.  there  are  three  main  types  of  routing  protocols,  namely,  proactive,  reactive,  and  geographic  .  proactive  protocols  incorporate  tables  for  each  node  that  are  periodically  updated  to  store  routing  information  for  all  other  nodes  of  the  topology.  the  main  advantage  of  proactive  protocols  is  that  the  tables  of  each  node  contain  uptodate  information  on  routes  due  to  continuous  message  exchanges;  a  fact,  though,  that  causes  bandwidth  constraints.  reactive  protocols  search  and  store  routing  paths  between  two  nodes  only  when  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy need  for  communication  between  them  arises.  these  types  of  protocols  present  the  advantage  of  consuming  low  bandwidth,  but  there  are  many  cases,  specifically  in  large  topologies,  where  routepath  calculation  is  very  slow,  causing  high  latency.  geographic  protocols  assume  that  the  source  node  is  aware  of  the  geographic  position  of  the  receiving  node  and  therefore  sends  the  message  directly  without  the  need  for  searching  for  a  route  path.  this  protocol  is  very  effective  in  terms  of  latency,  bandwidth,  and  throughput,  though  localization  information  should  be  available.  such  information  can  be  very  challenging  to  obtain  in  gpsdenied  environments;  however,  this  is  quite
__label__controloptimizationautonomy unlikely  to  occur  in  the  case  of  fanets,  while  signalbased  tracking  methods  such  as  the  one  introduced  in  reference  can  be  additionally  adopted.  energy  conservation  in  uav  networks  is  also  very  important  in  protecting  network  continuity  and  increasing  the  carried  payload.  in  terms  of  networking,  saving  energy  in  uavs  can  be  achieved  by  a  data  reduction,  b  network  coding,  and  c  energyefficient  routing.  data  reduction  is  possible  by  adopting  aggregation  schemes  that  perform  data  fusion,  combining  data  derived  from  nodes  on  the  same  path.  in  this  direction,  adaptive  data  sampling  is  also  an  option  for  datagathering  tasks  performed  by  uavs
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  adjusting  the  sampling  rate  images,  videos,  etc.  without  compromising  the  required  information  precision.  network  coding  nc  is  also  used  to  reduce  data  traffic  in  broadcast  scenarios  by  sending  a  linear  combination  of  several  packets  instead  of  a  copy  of  each  packet.  on  the  other  hand,  energy  conservation  can  also  be  enabled  through  the  appropriate  energyrouting  mechanisms  that  take  into  consideration  metrics  relevant  to  power  utilization  and  load  distribution.  power  utilization  is  related  to  the  remaining  battery  of  a  node,  while  load  distribution  refers  to  the  queue  status  of  a  node  measured  as  the  number  of  packets  received  and  waiting
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  be  transmitted.  to  this  end,  there  are  three  main  energyaware  routing  protocols:  multipathbased  protocols,  nodebased  protocols,  and  clusterbased  protocols  .  multipathbased  protocols  balance  energy  consumption  among  nodes  by  alternating  forwarding  nodes.  these  protocols  discover  multiple  nodedisjoint  routes  utilizing  a  cost  function  based  on  the  hop  distances  and  the  energy  levels  of  the  nodes,  and  allocate  the  traffic  rate  to  each  selected  route.  nodebased  protocols  do  not  only  consider  the  shortest  paths,  but  select  the  next  candidate  hops  based  on  their  residual  energy.  clusterbased  protocols  organize  the  network  into  clusters,  where  each  cluster  is  managed  by  the  cluster  head  ch,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy which  is  responsible  for  coordination  and  aggregation  operations.  sleep/wakeup  protocols  that  save  power  by  setting  as  many  nodes  in  idle  mode  for  as  long  as  possible.  fleet  management  in  autonomous  moving  objects  is  a  challenging  research  field  that  focuses  on  defining  the  optimal  formation  configuration  positioning,  speed,  height  of  a  fleet  of  heterogeneous  aerial  objects,  including  decision  making  in  the  case  of  collisions  or  accretions  .  fleetmanagement  techniques  may  offer  various  levels  of  automation  loa  that  can  range  from  fully  automated  flights  no  human  involvement  to  fully  humanoperated  flights.  many  works  proposed  automation  architectures  ,  ,  but  human  operations  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy still  usually  required  ,  ,  .  fleetmanagement  techniques  can  be  classified  into  centralized  and  decentralized  schemas  .  in  the  centralized  schema,  a  formation  manager  that  can  be  one  of  the  aerial  vehicles  of  the  fleet  or  a  groundbased  station  ,  acts  as  a  supervisor  for  all  aerial  vehicles  and  manages  their  topology.  centralized  schemas  present  the  advantage  that  important  decisions  are  performed  at  a  higher  level,  by  centralized  highpower  computer  systems,  where  humans  can  also  interfere.  on  the  other  hand,  the  major  disadvantage  of  this  schema  is  that  it  requires  frequent  ground  communications,  which  can  be  energy  consuming  and,  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy case  of  disruptions/failures,  ground  management  can  cause  delays  .  in  the  decentralized  schema  ,  each  aerial  vehicle  has  a  certain  freedom  in  decision  making,  while  the  whole  formation  must  be  capable  of  reconfiguring,  making  decisions,  and  achieving  mission  goals.  this  schema  is  energyefficient  and  presents  reduced  reaction  times,  though  it  may  produce  conflicting  decisions,  jeopardizing  the  fleet  formation  and,  in  cases  of  critical  formation  updates,  it  may  require  groundcontrol  assistance  .  the  fundamental  concept  of  the  proposed  framework  to  protect  drones  lies  in  the  fact  that  mobile  semiautonomous  devices  are  expected  to  enter  the  iot  architecture  as  another  type  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy smart  devices  and,  due  to  their  significant  impact  on  several  everyday  activities  sensitive/critical  or  not,  they  require  wellestablished  and  highquality  security  support.  on  this  ground,  the  proposed  framework  envisions  to  provide  the  necessary  security  components  that  would  facilitate  the  process  of  interconnecting  drones  and  uavs  under  the  umbrella  of  the  iot,  while  exhibiting  advanced  intelligence  and  selfmanagement  characteristics.  in  more  detail,  considering  the  use  of  drones  for  different  types  of  scenarios  as  representative  application,  the  current  state  is  actually  characterized  by  separated,  isolated,  and  custom  approaches.  as  illustrated  at  the  top  of  ,  each  operator  currently  uses  their  control  center
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  communicate  and  control  drone  flight  based  on  their  own  perceived  processes.  the  adoption  of  security  tools  is,  in  fact,  optional,  their  quality  is  questionable  and  not  certified,  as  well  as  not  compatible  in  the  general  case  with  security  measures  applied  by  other  operators.  the  flight  license  wherever  required,  based  on  local  regulations  is  also  separate  and  difficult  to  verify  compliance.  moreover,  there  are  no  fleetmanagement  processes  and  no  interdrone  communications.  proposed  framework  for  flying  things  secure  connectivity  in  the  iot.  the  introduced  framework  actively  inserts  drones  in  the  iot  architecture  by  properly  securing  them  both  at  device  and  network
__label__controloptimizationautonomy level.  at  device  level,  the  proposed  framework  enhances  drones  with  embedded  lightweight  security,  privacy,  and  safety  based  on  cuttingedge  visionbased  techniques,  which  also  enable  advanced  scene/path  identification.  at  network  level,  drones  become  part  of  the  iot  architecture  and  they  are  accessed/controlled  through  it.  furthermore,  agile  communications  among  drones  are  enabled,  providing  selforganizing  capabilities  that  set  the  basis  for  innovative  features,  namely,  device  registration,  flight  dynamic  monitoring,  trust  establishment  through  a  distributive  reputation  point  system,  enforcement  and  verification  of  flightplan  regulations,  and  extensive  fleet  management  via  advanced  interoperability.  for  achieving  the  aforementioned  security  and  privacy  goals,  the  proposed  framework  introduces:  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  lightweight  security  toolbox,  b  visionbased  solutions,  and  c  privacy  prevention  and  anonymity  techniques  for  mobile  things.  in  the  context  of  the  introduced  framework,  a  novel  lightweight  security  toolbox  is  proposed  designed  for  flying  things.  the  security  toolbox  supports  opensource  endtoend  security,  authentication,  and  key  management  mechanisms  in  the  adoption/network  layer,  firewalls  and  intrusion  detection  systems  in  both  the  adoption/network  and  application  layers,  and  access  control  and  selective  disclosure  in  the  application  layer.  the  proposed  security  toolbox  is  lightweight  and  flexible  since  it  is  embedded  in  the  drones  firmware  as  a  part  of  the  core  software.  furthermore,  the  novel  security
__label__controloptimizationautonomy framework  incorporates  physics  and  deeplearning  mechanisms  to  allow  the  estimation  of  anomalies  and  security  threats  e.g.,  hijacking.  another  issue  addressed  in  the  proposed  framework  is  related  to  humans  or  drones  safety  and  selfprotection.  there  are  many  scenarios  e.g.,  hackers  take  control  of  a  drone,  damaged  and  attached  drones,  etc.  in  which  drones  may  be  a  potential  threat  for  humans  or  extra  safety  is  required  for  the  sensitive  items  they  may  carry.  in  order  to  overcome  these  issues,  scene  analysis  and  understanding  using  computer  vision  have  been  considered.  therefore,  semantic  segmentation  is  supported  in  this  framework,  aiming  to  offer  complete  forms
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  visual  scene  understanding,  mainly  for  outdoor  scenarios.  in  the  introduced  framework,  we  addressed  both  user  privacy  and  thing  privacy  challenges  in  the  flying  things  domain.  to  this  end,  userprivacy  prevention  is  obtained  by  allowing  mobile  things  to  collect  information  that  describe  a  user  in  detail,  but  preserving  the  privacy  of  the  collected  data.  the  uav  privacy  concept  is  applied  in  mobile  things  supporting  further  anonymity  techniques,  such  as  kanonymity,  group  signature,  and  crowd  of  things,  customized  for  drone  iots.  a  community  of  mobile  things,  configured  as  ipbased  drones,  are  formed  to  apply  anonymous  authentication  using  anonymous  access  credentials  aacs.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  shown  in  ,  the  introduced  architecture  supports  multiple  solutions  for  security,  safety,  and  privacy  for  mobile  iot  toward  the  provision  of  services  to  different  users  through  a  set  of  distributed  systems.  in  this  way,  end  users  can  deploy  and  query  their  flying  things,  such  as  drones,  in  a  secure  and  safe  ecosystem  respecting  existing  privacy  regulations.  in  the  proposed  architecture,  we  have  three  main  entities:  the  control  center,  the  distributed  systems,  and  the  embedded  solutions  on  the  uavs.  the  system  is  based  on  a  dronetodrone  communication  utilizing  rooting  algorithms,  while  communication  with  the  control  center  takes  place  through  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet.  the  control  center  cc  is  responsible  for  the  management  and  orchestration  of  the  proposed  ecosystem.  for  that  purpose,  the  cc  shown  in  is  responsible  for  endtoend  communication  with  the  things.  it  integrates  all  traditional  iot  management  elements  and  novel  functional  blocks  to  realize  searching,  information  retrieval,  and  group  instruction  administration.  distributed  systems  dss  are  focused  mainly  on  three  areas:  monitoring,  management,  and  reputation.  in  more  detail,  the  monitoring  system  is  responsible  for  the  registration  processes  and  information  authentication.  in  the  case  of  the  reputation  system,  we  consider  ranking  functionalities  for  all  drones,  whereas  the  last  component  provides  fleetmanagement  solutions.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  third  entity  represents  all  components  integrated  in  the  flying  things.  proposed  uav  iot  architecture.  in  the  proposed  architecture,  we  focused  mainly  on  the  security  and  privacy  components  supported  by  visionbased  systems.  one  component  targets  on  security,  protecting  the  drone  from  attackers  aiming  to  hijack  it  and  take  control  using  network  and  wireless  channel  exploitation  techniques.  a  second  component  is  related  to  the  privacy  of  the  payload  that  incorporates  advanced  encryption  and  anonymity  solutions.  a  third  computervision  component  is  included  that  provides  support  and  solutions  both  for  security  and  privacy.  this  component  introduces  mechanisms  for  destination  and  path  verification  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy security,  as  well  as  behavior  analysis  and  scene  understanding  for  privacy  and  safety,  respectively.  finally,  components  for  monitoring  and  dronetodrone  communication  supporting  registration  and  routing  algorithms  are  part  of  the  embedded  system  on  the  mobile  iot  devices.  the  deployment  of  the  proposed  uav  iot  framework/architecture  for  the  protection  of  drones  enables  the  realization  of  innovative  securitysensitive  applications.  in  this  subsection,  two  such  applications  are  presented  and  discussed.  in  this  case,  we  exploit  topics  related  to  anonymity  of  iot  mobile  devices,  visionbased  security  using  scene  analysis,  secure  communications,  and  safe  landing  locations.  the  proposed  scenario  involves  powerline  monitoring  and  inspection,  mainly
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  rural  areas,  as  illustrated  in  .  powerline  monitoring  is  essential  for  all  high  and  mediumpower  operators/distributors.  today,  most  inspections  are  carried  out  with  aerial  methods  with  the  use  of  helicopters,  while  sometimes  terrestrial  methods  are  used  as  well  e.g.,  ground  patrols.  both  methods  are  expensive  and  time  consuming  without  guaranteeing  successful  results.  operators  spend  a  lot  of  time  and  money  to  repair  damages  that  were  not  detected  during  inspections.  according  to  the  proposed  application,  unmanned  multicopters  would  be  equipped  with  a  set  of  visual,  infrared,  and  localization  sensors.  all  data  would  be  acquired  simultaneously,  and  a  flight  path  would
__label__controloptimizationautonomy be  scheduled  based  on  powerpylon  positions.  this  includes  x,  y,  and  z  coordinates  that  would  be  used  as  a  reference  for  the  calculation  of  mission  waypoints.  a  flight  route  would  be  designed  in  a  way  that  multicopter  flies  several  meters  above  the  power  pylons,  several  meters  beside  them  in  one  direction,  and  then  back  to  the  other  side  of  the  power  line.  this  would  allow  for  capturing  oblique  inspection  images  of  both  sides  of  the  power  infrastructure,  as  well  as  point  clouds  and  nadir  images  with  a  large  side  overlap,  resulting  in  doubled  density  of  point  clouds  and  images  suitable
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  accurate  orthophoto  building  and  stereoscopic  analyses.  after  landing,  all  acquired  data  and  flight  logs  would  be  downloaded.  they  would  be  analyzed  for  quality  and  completeness.  the  following  flights  would  be  planned  retaining  a  buffer  in  order  to  allow  overlapping  with  the  previous  mission  to  assure  continuity  of  data  along  the  power  lines.  powerline  monitoring  application.  in  this  case,  we  exploit  topics  related  to  payload  privacy  and  monitoring,  advanced  security  topics,  thing  anonymity,  and  embedded  security  tools.  the  proposed  scenario  involves  hospitals  and  medical  vans  delivering  human  blood  between  them,  which  is  an  extremely  vulnerable  and  highdemand  task,  as  depicted
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  .  delivering  human  blood  is  an  assignment  of  high  demand  and  risk.  there  are  also  certain  requirements  and  restrictions  imposed  regarding  temperature,  time,  and  exposure.  the  payload  in  this  case  contains  further  sensitive  and  private  information  that  may  be  vulnerable  to  external  threats  and  attacks.  this  delivery  scenario  would  provide  solutions  for  many  security  and  privacy  issues,  mainly  related  to  the  payload,  considering  approaches  to  provide  a  secure  and  robust  routing  protocol.  it  involves  precise  flights  over  urban  areas  following  preselected  and  precalculated  paths,  payload  protocols  for  security  and  privacy,  and  safe  landing  and  dropping  of  the  blood  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  specified  location  from  medical  vans  to  hospitals  or  vice  versa.  the  multicopters,  which  would  be  equipped  with  a  highresolution  camera,  localization  sensors,  and  cargo  container,  would  fly  to  the  predefined  destination  using  a  direct  root,  minimizing  the  required  time.  regarding  the  container,  it  would  ensure  all  required  conditions  for  the  human  blood  e.g.,  temperature,  exposure,  etc..  all  recorded  data  would  be  filtered  based  on  privacy  regulations  and  the  proposed  solutions  would  be  integrated.  furthermore,  computer  vision  and  machine  learning  would  help  to  identify  safe  landing  locations,  minimizing  the  risk  of  hijacking.  human  blood  delivery  application.  in  this  section,  we
__label__controloptimizationautonomy present  the  necessary  prerequisites  for  the  successful  deployment  of  the  proposed  framework,  we  discuss  possible  enhancements,  and  close  with  future  evaluation  plans.  the  effective  use  of  the  provisioned  architecture  requires  the  deployment  of  a  universal  uav  cc  uucc  that  would  act  as  a  single  point  of  access  for  identifying  mobile  flying  objects  while  they  are  operating  in  real  environments.  the  existence  of  a  uucc  would  be  the  first  step  to  establish  a  welldefined  global  process  for  registering  and  identifying  all  uav  flights.  additionally,  the  proposed  framework  provisions  interdrone  communication,  a  fact  that  requires  certain  mechanisms  to  control  autonomous  flights  interoperability
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  cooperation.  interoperability  mechanisms  set  the  grounds  for  defining  the  types  of  communications  between  drones  exchange  of  data,  fleet  formulation.  for  example,  the  exchange  of  data  between  two  independent  uavs  operating  at  the  same  time  in  two  neighbor  areas  would  help  in  maximizing  the  area  covered,  while  achieving  energy  conservation.  the  proposed  framework,  presented  in  ,  supports  the  management  and  control  of  uav  and  multiuav  systems,  while  preserving  the  security  and  privacy  of  the  different  stakeholders  participating  in  mobile  iot  missions  without  being  differentiated  across  different  application  domains.  enhancement  of  the  proposed  framework  would  include  variations  of  the  suggested  security
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  privacy  mechanisms  based  on  the  context  of  the  uav  application  and  the  hardware/mechanical  characteristics  of  the  participating  uavs.  a  classification  of  the  uavs  based  on  their  hardware  attributes  and  their  application  domain  would  be  particularly  useful  in  filtering  security  and  privacy  measures,  both  at  device  and  network  level,  ensuring  the  smooth  operation  of  the  mission  without  overloading  the  uav  device  and  the  aerial  network  with  procedures  that,  in  some  cases,  could  be  out  of  scope.  the  suggested  framework,  along  with  the  corresponding  architecture,  is  formulated  but  not  yet  validated.  therefore,  the  next  logical  step  would  be  to  build  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy simulation  model  as  proof  of  concept  of  the  proposed  uav  secureconnectivity  framework.  metrics  related  to  security,  privacy,  and  connectivity  would  be  employed  in  order  to  evaluate  framework  and  communication  effectiveness.  based  on  the  findings,  the  involved  security  and  privacy  techniques  would  be  tuned  to  adjust  to  the  needs  of  realworld  applications.  in  this  survey,  the  applications  of  uavs  were  reviewed  presenting  iot  sensors  that  are  essential  for  the  related  scenarios  and  use  cases.  considering  the  drones  as  iot  devices  and  the  support  from  emerging  technologies  such  as  5g  networks,  we  analyzed  the  sensor  requirements  for  the  corresponding  applications  and  overview
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  for  fleet  management  over  aerial  networking.  the  issues  related  to  privacy  and  security  were  presented,  focusing  on  users  and  drones  privacy.  finally,  we  proposed  a  framework  that  supports  and  enables  these  technologies  on  uavs,  providing  advanced  security  and  privacy  by  incorporating  novel  visionbased  solutions  for  scene  analysis.  according  to  the  proposed  framework,  a  hybrid  centralizeddistributed  framework  controls  uav  flights,  handling  operations  like  the  registration,  identification,  ranking,  and  management  of  moving  objects.  as  future  work,  we  plan  to  evaluate  the  proposed  framework,  both  within  laboratory  settings  and  in  realworld  scenarios,  in  order  to  adjust  it  for  contextspecific  application  domains.  these
__label__controloptimizationautonomy authors  contributed  equally  to  this  work.  this  research  was  cofunded  by  the  european  union  and  greek  national  funds  through  the  operational  program  competitiveness,  entrepreneurship,  and  innovation,  grant  number  t1edk04759  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy weve  detected  that  javascript  is  disabled  in  your  browser.  would  you  like  to  proceed  to  legacy  twitter?  inteliot  inteliot  purposebuilt  for  iot  tech,  optimized  performance  at  every  point,  broad  connectivity  support,  and  a  builtin  foundation  of  security  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud.  you  can  add  location  information  to  your  tweets,  such  as  your  city  or  precise  location,  from  the  web  and  via  thirdparty  applications.  you  always  have  the  option  to  delete  your  tweet  location  history.  public  private  heres  the  url  for  this  tweet.  copy  it  to  easily  share  with  friends.  add  this  tweet  to  your  website  by  copying  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy code  below.  add  this  video  to  your  website  by  copying  the  code  below.  hmm,  there  was  a  problem  reaching  the  server.  by  embedding  twitter  content  in  your  website  or  app,  you  are  agreeing  to  the  twitter  and  .  this  timeline  is  where  youll  spend  most  of  your  time,  getting  instant  updates  about  what  matters  to  you.  hover  over  the  profile  pic  and  click  the  following  button  to  unfollow  any  account.  when  you  see  a  tweet  you  love,  tap  the  heart  it  lets  the  person  who  wrote  it  know  you  shared  the  love.  the  fastest  way  to  share  someone  elses  tweet
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  your  followers  is  with  a  retweet.  tap  the  icon  to  send  it  instantly.  add  your  thoughts  about  any  tweet  with  a  reply.  find  a  topic  youre  passionate  about,  and  jump  right  in.  get  instant  insight  into  what  people  are  talking  about  now.  follow  more  accounts  to  get  instant  updates  about  topics  you  care  about.  see  the  latest  conversations  about  any  topic  instantly.  catch  up  instantly  on  the  best  stories  happening  as  they  unfold.  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  inteliot  these  autonomous  drones  fly  through  aisles  to  see  whats  in  stock  and  predict  whats  needed  using  intelpowered  ai
__label__controloptimizationautonomy last  year,  iot  protolab  in  trondheim,  norway  opened  to  entrepreneurs,  scientists  and  students  on  a  mission  to  develop  new  internet  of  things  services  and  products.  launched  by  telenor  group  and  wireless  trondheim,  it  turns  a  year  old  this  month,  and  already  is  churning  out  a  wide  array  of  innovative  new  products  and  services.  iot  protolab  was  established  as  a  centre  for  research  and  innovation  to  drive  opportunities  for  developers  to  do  what  they  do  best  innovate,  said  dr.  ieva  martinkenaite,  vp  at  telenor  research  within  telenor  group.  we  are  proud  to  see  high  innovation  spirit  and  so  many  great  new
__label__controloptimizationautonomy products  and  services  with  contributions  to  the  iot  ecosystem,  to  ai  and  to  advanced  telecommunications  technology  coming  out  of  this  space.  in  the  last  twelve  months,  the  iot  protolab  has  acted  as  an  incubator  for  18  iot  and  hardwarecentric  startups,  amounting  to  90  individual  innovators.  together,  these  teams  have  amassed  more  than  110  million  nok  in  capital  through  funding  and  as  a  part  of  research  projects  in  the  last  year,  says  charlotte  srensen,  ceo  of  faktry,  the  community  of  startups  where  the  iot  lab  is  located.  could  some  of  these  lab  teams  be  norways  future  technology  stars?  heres  a  snapshot
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  what  the  iot  protolabs  current  inhabitant  have  got  in  the  works:  scout  drone  inspection  is  developing  an  autonomous  drone  that  will  provide  a  complete  solution  for  visual  inspection  and  nondestructive  testing  in  enclosed  and  poorly  lit  environments.  the  company  is  a  spinoff  from  ntnu,  being  developed  in  close  cooperation  with  the  industry.  digital  healthcare  company  redefining  the  way  hydration  is  clinically  diagnosed  by  combining  wearable  sensor  technology  with  cloudbased  data  analytics  and  machinelearning.  the  lab  allowed  the  startup  to  develop  prototypes  without  having  to  purchase  expensive  equipment.  mode  has  used  both  the  electronic  lab  and  the  advanced  3d  printer
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  prototyping  their  sensor  technology:  sevendof  is  developing  a  network  of  stations,  housing  fully  autonomous  longdistance  drones  capable  of  carrying  out  missions  automatically,  without  placing  humans  in  the  field.  sevendof  uses  the  lab  to  develop  printed  circuit  boards,  radio  communication  and  communication  between  stations,  drones,  and  their  system:  this  team  is  a  developing  a  global  navigation  satellite  system  track  and  trace  device  for  narrowband  iot  networks.  it  will  boast  a  battery  life  of  up  to  20  years.  the  lab  provides  them  with  the  tools  and  space  required  to  prototype  and  test,  shortening  the  time  from  prototype  to  market.  the  electronic
__label__controloptimizationautonomy lab  helps  stalkit  develop  and  debug  the  device.  the  lab  is  one  of  only  three  in  norway  with  equipment  to  test  frequencies  and  radiation  against  norwegian  electronic  materials  control  nemko  certification,  crucial  to  stalkits  device  development:  smart  cylinders  provides  a  system  for  real  time  monitoring  of  gas  cylinders,  which  makes  it  easy  for  gas  suppliers  and  distributors  to  optimize  their  logistics,  cut  costs,  and  create  a  hasslefree  solution  for  their  customers.  they  have  developed  their  own  patent  pending  sensor  that  monitors  the  level  on  the  cylinders  and  communicates  this  remotely  by  use  of  the  gsm  or  narrowband  iot  networks:  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy team  is  developing  the  next  generation  of  bike  parking,  offering  a  safe  and  dry  place  for  bikes  with  access  via  smart  phone.  safebikely  is  aiming  to  develop  their  own  appbased  system  for  locks  in  the  future,  and  for  this,  the  lab  will  be  an  important  factor  in  developing  communication  between  the  product  and  lock  system:  alva  is  building  electric  generators  for  production  of  clean  energy,  and  electric  motors  to  convert  this  energy  to  motion.  their  core  technology,  fiberprinting  enables  lightweight,  highefficiency  motors  and  generators,  enhancing  products  in  a  variety  of  industries,  including  industrial  uavs,  medical  equipment,  robotics,  small  wind  turbines,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  much  more:  flying  foil  is  working  on  a  new  generation  of  hydrofoil  technology  for  high  speed  marine  vessels.  their  technology  doubles  the  range  of  battery  powered  vessels  and  cuts  co2emmisions  from  fossil  fuelled  vessels  by  up  to  50  percent:  dropracks  has  developed  the  next  generation  roof  rack  systems  for  cars.  the  dropracks  product  elevates  the  roof  load  bikes,  kayaks,  roof  boxes  and  the  like  to  waist  height  beside  the  car.  droprackplan  to  use  the  iot  lab  to  develop  their  upcoming  electric,  automatic  version  of  the  roof  rack:  www.dropracks.no/  this  team  is  developing  sensors  and  customized  iot  solutions  for  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy property,  health,  industry  and  aquaculture  market:  iot  protolab  is  an  experimental  centre  for  research  and  innovation  within  the  internet  of  things.  the  lab  uses  the  citywide  iottestbed  activated  by  wireless  trondheim  and  is  connected  to  telenor  groups  initiative,  start  iot.  through  this,  users  get  access  to  iot  devices,  a  developer  portal,  and  an  experimental  network  optimised  for  iot  uses,  making  possible  piloting  and  prototyping  without  large  costs.  iot  protolab  is  located  at  faktry,  a  newly  established  community  for  ambitious  startups  in  hardwarecentric  disciplines  at  sluppen  in  trondheim.  a  number  of  startups  will  work  in  the  iot  lab  on  solutions  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy anything  from  healthcare  and  drones  to  smart  cities.  faktry  has  also  hosted  a  range  of  events  and  visits  from  telenor  and  partners.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drones  can  deliver  defibrillators  four  times  faster  than  any  ambulance.  by  reaching  into  every  corner  of  the  consumer  and  industrial  markets,  expect  a  wide  variety  of  lte  and  5g  drone  use  cases  to  take  flight  in  the  coming  years.  in  this  post,  we  explore  the  potential  of  upcoming  drone  use  cases  including  even  opportunities  in  emergency  services.  a  few  weeks  ago,  my  phone  sounded  an  alarm  notifying  me  that  someone  was  having  a  cardiac  arrest  near  me.  i  received  it  because  i  am  part  of  an  emergency  services  program  which  sends  me  an  alarm  for  support  if  they  believe  i
__label__controloptimizationautonomy can  be  first  on  site  where  a  cardiac  arrest  occurs.  the  app  also  lets  volunteers  know  where  they  can  find  the  closest  defibrillator  and  directs  them  to  the  incident.  in  the  past,  i  have  received  an  alert  a  few  times  as  i  have  been  running,  have  jumped  on  a  bike  once  and  even  got  an  alert  on  the  highway  driving  my  car.  on  one  of  these  occasions,  i  even  managed  to  be  on  site  before  the  ambulance.  only  by  a  minute  or  so,  but  i  did  beat  them.  and  when  someone  has  a  cardiac  arrest,  every  second  counts.  as  i
__label__controloptimizationautonomy said,  one  of  the  functions  in  the  app  is  to  guide  me  to  the  closest  defibrillator,  and  from  there  go  to  the  incident.  for  the  most  part,  i  am  pretty  close  to  the  defibrillator  at  work,  but  for  some  of  the  events,  i  have  been  too  far  away  to  get  to  one.  of  course,  i  still  react  if  i  believe  i  have  a  chance  to  help  with  or  without  a  defibrillator  but  i  do  prefer  having  one  with  me.  but  maybe  that  can  change  for  the  future?  a  new  drone  use  case  is  under  development  thanks  to  a  project  between
__label__controloptimizationautonomy wherein  we  are  exploring  if  5g  and  drones  can  offer  emergency  help.  the  idea  is  that,  when  someone  calls  the  emergency  services  for  support  in  the  event  of  a  cardiac  arrest,  they  can  dispatch  a  drone  with  a  defibrillator  to  the  incident,  travelling  four  times  faster  than  an  ambulance.  no  need  to  find  the  closest  defibrillator  for  me  before  running  to  the  person  in  need  i  know  a  drone  will  deliver  it  within  minutes.  drones  can  also  be  used  for  other  critical  use  cases.  several  projects  around  the  world  involve  .  this  drone  use  case  is  about  deploying  an  autonomous
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drone  in  one  corner  of  the  avalanche  and  letting  it  scan  the  whole  area  for  beacons,  saving  critical  time  for  rescue  workers  to  find  anyone  trapped  in  the  avalanche.  this  is  only  one  area  of  drone  use  case  development,  of  course.  in  the  us,  the  federal  aviation  authority  faa  predicts  that,  by  2025,  the  drone  market  will  create  an  usd  82  billion  economic  impact  and  account  for  100,000  jobs.  in  a  recent  ericsson  white  paper  titled  the  authors  identified  a  host  of  5gbased  drone  use  cases  from  broadcasting  to  agriculture  to  traffic  safety  but  also  write:  the  potential  of  drone
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology  will  only  truly  be  unleashed  when  both  technological  capabilities  and  regulations  allow  for  autonomous  operation  beyond  visual  line  of  sight.  going  beyond  the  visual  line  of  sight  requires  much  more  scalable,  reliable,  and  secure  connectivity  such  as  that  provided  by  mobile  lte  and  5g  networks.  were  integrating  drones  into  a  host  of  areas,  and  automating  site  inspection.  at  mwc  barcelona,  we  also  showcased  an  aibased  drone  detection  technology  that  can  maintain  spectral  efficiency  for  users  even  when  there  are  a  lot  of  drones  in  the  air,  such  as  at  a  sporting  event.  to  explore  more,  check  out  posts  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy ericsson  research  on  and  .  or  you  can  read  about  ericssons  ,  which  includes  inlab  chipset  and  module  testing,  lte  field  testing,  realtime  network  performance  analytics  and  ctia  cybersecurity  testing  of  drones  in  the  ericsson  ctia  authorized  test  lab  catl.  telecom  is  ready.  are  you  ready  to  unleash  the  potential  of  drones?  like  what  youre  reading?  please  sign  up  for  email  updates  on  your  favorite  topics.  at  the  ericsson  blog,  we  provide  insight  to  make  complex  ideas  on  technology,  innovation  and  business  simple.  in  a  world  that  is  increasingly  complex,  we  are  on  a  quest  for  easy.  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson
__label__controloptimizationautonomy we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  article?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  article  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__controloptimizationautonomy hanger  and  vapor  want  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  to  be  even  more  autonomous  by  tapping  into  nearby  computing.  by  chase  guttman  gaze  upward.  drones  are  everywhere.  tiny  flying  robots  are  inspecting  infrastructure,  surveying  construction  sites,  assisting  first  responders,  monitoring  wildlife  populations  and  analyzing  parking  lots.  drones  are  bringing  all  kinds  of  new  capabilities  and  efficiencies  to  a  global  economy  thats  increasingly  powered  by  autonomous  technologies.  .  and  ,  two  startups  based  in  austin,  texas,  are  collaborating  to  harness  the  power  of  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs.  together  they  are  building  edge  computing  infrastructure  that  will  power  automation  and  the  data  needs  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy industrialgrade  drones.  we  are  fundamentally  rearchitecting  the  internet,  said  matt  trifiro,  chief  marketing  officer  of  vapor.  trifiro  backs  up  his  bold  statement  by  pointing  to  vapors  use  of  edge  computing,  which  are  mini  data  centers  located  closer  to  where  data  is  generated  and  used.  vapor  is  placing  these  computing  systems  at  the  base  of  cell  phone  towers  around  major  u.s.  cities,  so  commercial  drone  customers  can  optimize  their  data  operations.  this  gives  developers  a  lot  more  granularity  in  where  they  space  workloads  for  lowlatency  capabilities,  said  trifiro.  over  the  next  24  to  36  months  we  are  going  to  work  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  30  cities,  covering  50  of  the  u.s.  with  these  lowlatency  edge  zones.  he  said  edge  computing  plays  an  essential  role  in  the  technological  transition  to  greater  machine  autonomy.  machine  working  with  machines  trifiro  sees  the  world  at  the  cusp  of  a  new  compute  paradigm.  most  of  the  internet  was  built  for  human  scale,  so  things  happen  in  seconds,  but  machines  operate  at  orders  of  magnitude  faster,  he  said.  drones  and  other  sensorequipped  devices  produce  raw  data  that  requires  computing  analysis  to  make  that  data  useful  and  actionable  without  human  intervention.  to  deliver  essential  data  fast  and  reliably  enough  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  devices  requires  a  fresh  approach  to  distributed  computing,  according  to  ,  vice  president  and  general  manager  of  iot  and  ai  at  nutanix.  theres  got  to  be  a  totally  new  set  of  services  that  machines  need,  vaghani  said.  machines  need  operating  systems  that  are  dramatically  different  from  the  operating  systems  that  were  built  for  human  use  cases  of  computing.  he  sees  iot  devices  like  drones  speeding  the  need  for  distributed  systems  that  handle  massive  amounts  of  realtime  data  quickly.  these  systems  must  also  manage  application  and  infrastructure  lifecycles  so  systems  run  without  a  hiccup.  trifiro  used  a  driverless  car  analogy
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  describe  the  kind  of  systems  autonomous  machines  need.  a  car  traveling  60mph  traverses  the  length  of  a  football  field  in  four  seconds,  trifiro  explained.  how  fast  and  precisely  things  need  to  respond  requires  us  to  change  what  youre  doing  with  machines.  that  change  means  having  more  computing  resources  near  where  data  is  gathered,  analyzed  and  used  to  help  power  autonomous  systems.  the  everexpanding  amount  of  data  produced  from  internetconnected  devices  is  driving  the  need  for  more  edge  computing  infrastructure,  according  to  trifiro.  if  youre  thinking  of  hundreds  of  thousands  or  millions  of  sensors  all  producing  data  24/7,  theres  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy massive  amount  of  data,  he  said.  where  are  you  going  to  want  to  ingest  and  process  it?  theres  just  not  enough  fiber  in  the  ground  to  send  it  up  to  the  centralized  internet,  its  got  to  happen  quickly  at  the  edge.  building  the  future  of  the  drone  industry  a  commercial  drone  company  hangar  uses  uavs  to  capture  data  and  provide  insights  to  clients  in  a  myriad  of  industries.  to  make  drones  a  valuable  and  reliable  technology  for  different  industries,  much  work  is  to  be  done.  its  about  building  the  future  of  the  drone  industry,  said  jacob  rachniowski,  director  of  enterprise
__label__controloptimizationautonomy solutions  at  hangar.  we  work  with  many  companies  in  construction,  global  telecommunications,  energy  and  public  safety,  said  rachniowski.  in  each  case,  data  collected  by  automated  drone  flights  are  processed  in  various  ways  to  drive  key  decision  making  and  create  value.  trifiro  said  drones  are  transforming  how  some  companies  are  doing  business.  theres  a  huge  amount  of  human  energy  thats  spent  doing  things  like  inspecting  infrastructure,  providing  public  safety  and  counting  things,  he  said.  its  a  very  laborious  process  and  drones  eliminate  almost  all  of  that  labor  and  actually  can  costeffectively  increase  the  ability  to  collect  that  data.  for  bridge  inspectors,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  from  drones  might  make  the  difference  in  catching  a  disastrous  structural  flaw  in  time.  however,  the  current  workflow  is  still  dependent  on  humans  who  pilot  the  drones  and  transfer  the  recorded  data  from  memory  cards  to  the  internet,  which  many  see  as  a  roadblock  for  greater  autonomy,  scalability,  speed  and  efficiency.  vapor  and  hangar  are  working  together  to  automate  more  aspects  of  drone  operations.  they  are  using  micro  edge  data  centers  to  quickly  offload  content  from  drones  and  preprocess  information  to  reduce  file  size,  lessening  the  expense  of  shipping  data.  rachniowski  said  edge  systems  can  power  software  that  increases
__label__controloptimizationautonomy discoverability  of  insights  and  charge  the  uav  battery  all  at  the  same  time.  data  offload  and  local  data  processing  is  already  being  done  in  vapors  first  deployment  in  the  city  of  chicago.  it  will  help  drive  capture  costs  down  though  economics  of  scale,  while  supporting  demand  for  higher  frequency  and  more  data,  said  rachniowski.  drones  and  edge  technology  will  continue  to  grow  exponentially,  allowing  for  more  resolution,  more  sensor  types  and  flight  capabilities,  and  eventually  physical  interaction  with  the  world.  in  the  near  future,  fleets  of  drones  can  be  launched  from  edge  computing  hubs  to  further  automate  the  process.  in
__label__controloptimizationautonomy terms  of  true  autonomy,  the  biggest  barrier  is  regulatory,  said  trifiro.  the  faa  federal  aviation  administration  isnt  going  to  allow  thousands  of  drones  into  low  altitude  airspace  with  no  human  operators  until  theres  a  tremendous  amount  of  infrastructure  for  safety  and  collision  avoidance.  he  believes  edge  data  centers  will  play  a  major  role  here,  possibly  assisting  with  micrometeorology  and  micro  positioning  information  required  to  run  automated  drone  fleets  in  the  future.  bringing  more  automation  to  commercial  drones  has  the  potential  to  bring  benefits  beyond  meeting  business  needs,  said  rachniowski.  edge  infrastructure  is  enabling  drones  to  provide  value  in  a  variety
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  applications  impactful  to  society,  he  said.  chase  guttman  is  a  contributing  writer  specializing  in  drones.  he  authored  the  critically  acclaimed  book  the  handbook  of  drone  photography.  find  him  on  twitter  .  2019  nutanix,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  for  additional  legal  information,  .  share  this  article  the  quest  for  seamless  interoperability  between  public  and  private  cloud  is  shifting  its  focus  from  infrastructure  to  applications  elissa  gilbert  economics,  physics  and  laws  of  the  land  are  bearing  down  on  monolithic  information  systems,  forcing  new  distributed  approaches  to  managing  data.  cloud  native  and  devops  combine  to  accelarate  business  application  lifecycles.  it  observers  explain
__label__controloptimizationautonomy what  it  takes  to  weed  out  aging  technologies.  how  developing  and  running  applications  in  the  cloud  is  accelerating  business  success.  get  a  weekly  email  with  the  latest  stories  about  people  and  data  technology  trends  changing  our  world  and  how  business  gets  done.  the  forecast  by  nutanix  publishes  news  about  people  and  trends  shaping  our  future.  it  is  provided  by  enterprise  software  company  nutanix.  explore  ideas  and  technologies  that  are  changing  the  way  we  live  and  how  business  gets  done.  2019  nutanix,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  go  for  more  information.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy sponsored  channels  from  retail  research  firm  npd  group,  sales  of  drones  have  more  than  tripled  over  the  last  year,  reaching  around  200  million.  the  increasing  interest  in  using  these  aerial  devices  is  one  of  the  best  illustrations  of  how  lower  prices  and  the  demand  for  connectivity  is  driving  the  internet  of  things.  for  drones,  better  and  cheaper  sensors  accelerometers,  gyros,  magnetometers  and  often  pressure  sensors  small  gps  modules,  powerful  processors  and  a  number  ofdigital  radios  have  pushed  the  controversial  devices  into  the  mainstream  market.  the  potential  uses  of  these  onceniche  productsare  being  experimented  with  in  a  number  of  sectors.  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy great  spatial  data  such  as  orthomosaic  maps,  elevation  models,  contours,  profiles  and  volumes  derived  from  processing  imagery  that  is  now  easy  to  collect  with  drones,  it  becomes  possible  totake  the  decisionmaking  process  to  a  new  level  in  a  range  of  industries,  .here  are  several  use  cases  for  dronesbyindustry.  source:  iowapublictelevision/youtube  agriculture  is  in  the  middle  of  a  revolution  of  sorts,  brought  on  by  technology  that  is  increasing  yield  while  decreasing  production  costs.  ,  a  move  to  give  farmers  neverbefore  achieved  visibility  over  their  assets.  for  some  farmers,  drones  already  are  playing  a  major  part  in  increasing  revenue.  provides  a  comprehensive
__label__controloptimizationautonomy list  of  uses  for  drones  to  help  farmers  quickly  increase  their  return  on  investment  by  providing:  when  compared  with  satellite  imagery,  using  drones  is  a  much  cheaper  option  that  provides  higherresolution  images.  and  mit  technology  review  ,  its  also  much  cheaper  than  crop  imaging  with  a  manned  aircraft,  which  can  run  1,000  an  hour.  farmers  can  buy  the  drones  outright  for  less  than  1,000  each.  energy  management  is  becoming  more  and  more  critical  as  developing  countries  advance  their  infrastructures.  drones  can  do  dangerous  jobs  otherwise  preformed  by  humans,  allowing  for  expedited  maintenance  on  infrastructure.  duke  energy,  out  of  north  carolina,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy has  been  granted  permission  by  the  federal  aviation  administration  to  test  drone  technology  at  the  marshall  steam  station  in  sherrills  ford,  north  carolina.  the  company  is  looking  at  how  drones  could  help  better  survey  power  lines,  solar  facilities  and  other  operational  equipment  what  were  really  doing  is  testing  the  technology  to  see  what  kind  of  application  it  would  have  for  duke  energy,  duke  spokesman  randy  wheeless  the  charlotte  observer  .  right  now  were  finding  that  surveying  transmission  lines  and  looking  at  the  panels  on  a  solar  farm  can  make  repairs  cheaper  and  faster.  drones  also  are  inspecting  large  boilers  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy power  plants,  monitoring  the  health  of  panels  on  solar  farms  and  assessing  damage  after  storms.  the  industrial  iot  is  developing  quickly  on  around  the  world.  construction  sites  present  iot  with  a  number  of  fixable  problems,  including  dangerous  working  conditions  and  lost  items  or  machinery.  here  is  a  list  of  ways  drones  can  enhance  construction  site  operations,  .  source:  m7  aerial/youtube  you  can  use  drones  to  quickly  surveythe  job  site  and  build  maps.  instead  of  using  human  resources,  heavy  machineryand  expensive  surveying  tools  that  produce  complex  data,  drones  can  get  the  job  done  in  half  the  timeand  money,  with  greater  accuracy.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy when  clients  stay  away  from  the  job  site  and  cannot  afford  to  come  to  the  site  againand  again,  andyour  current  pictures  are  not  doing  the  project  justice,  drones  can  be  an  inventive  way  to  keepthe  clientshappy.  just  be  sure  to  cover  only  those  areas  that  are  in  good  progress.  when  frequently  shuttlingamong  multiple  job  sites,  or  taking  up  simultaneous  renovations  and  facelifts  for  multiple  properties;  putting  up  a  drone  to  monitor  the  progress,  work,  safety  standards  and  much  more  can  save  a  lot  of  energy,  timeand  money.  instead  of  employing  heavy  software,  lots  ofworkers  and  relying  on  complex  readings,  employ
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  drone  to  get  a  firsthand  view  of  how  solid  the  structures  are,  how  aesthetically  pleasing  they  are  coming  up  and  where  they  are  moving  out  of  the  plan,  all  in  a  jiffy.  transmission  and  distribution  operators  and  utilities  across  the  globe  are  beginning  to  look  toward  uavs  to  reduce  costs,  improve  safety,  and  increase  reliability  and  response  times  across  their  systems.  td  workers  have  traditionally  performed  line  inspections  and  maintenance,  storm  damage  assessments,  and  vegetation  management  using  line  crews,  helicopters  and  thirdparty  inspection  services  companies.  dronespresent  an  alternative  to  the  highcost  and  dangerous  work  done  by  td  operators,  while
__label__controloptimizationautonomy having  the  potential  to  offer  many  additional  benefits.  the  value  proposition  for  td  utilities  to  complete  at  least  a  portion  of  their  inspections,  maintenance  and  damage  assessments  via  uavs  and  robotics  is  strong;  with  more  than  50  companies  now  in  the  market,  consolidation  and  largescale  growth  are  expected.  ,  global  annualdrones  and  robotics  for  utility  transmission  and  distribution  revenue  is  expected  to  grow  from  131.7  million  in  2015  to  4.1  billion  in  2024.  source:  cnn/youtube  dominos  pizza  in  new  zealand  has  successfully  demonstrated  a  flying  drone  that  can  transport  pizza,  and  the  chain  will  partner  with  a  drone  delivery  company
__label__controloptimizationautonomy called  flirtey  to  make  the  service  available  to  customers  later  this  year,  the  guardian  .  much  more  importantly,unmanned  aerial  vehicles  already  are  being  fieldtested  for  medical  uses  in  remote  parts  of  the  world.  drones  successfully  delivered  small  aid  packages  after  the  haitian  earthquake  in  2012,  and  in  papua  new  guinea,  doctors  without  borders  used  them  to  transport  dummy  tb  test  samples  from  a  remote  village  to  the  large  coastal  city  of  kerema,  .  another  industry  that  presents  potential  dangers  for  its  workers,  oil  and  gas,  can  benefit  from  using  drones  by  monitoring  locations  for  gas  emissions,  oil  spills  and  damage
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agricultural  drones  are  a  class  of  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav.  agriculture  monitoring  is  among  the  most  mature  use  cases  for  drones.  the  use  cases  value  proposition  is  rooted  in  the  high  labor  cost  of  monitoring  a  wide,  rural  expanse  of  agricultural  land  usingtraditional  groundbased  vehicles.  in  many  environments,  drones  can  cover  10  times  more  land  than  a  groundbased  observer  in  the  same  amount  of  time  due  to  their  skytoearth  perspective  and  ability  to  fly  over  barriers.  drones  can  also  be  automated  for  routine  assessments,  negating  entirely  the  need  for  human  operation.  the  flight  of  agriculture  drones  may  be  controlled  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy various  degrees  of  autonomy,  ranging  from  theremote  control  by  an  operatorlocated  in  the  vicinity  to  fully  autonomous  flight  coordinated  by  onboard  computers.  drones  are  most  often  deployed  in  large  farm  holdings  with  varying  topographic  climates.  they  are  also  useful  in  situations  where  issues  relatedto  bacteriafungus,  or  pests  are  difficult  to  manage  and  require  regular  monitoring.  in  addition  to  cropland,  drones  are  also  deployed  to  monitor  aquaculture  and  forests,  aswell  as  poultry,  cattle,  and  other  livestock.  the  market  for  agricultural  drones  is  expected  to  grow  from  864.4  million  in  2016  to  4.2  billion  in  2022,  at  a  cagr  of  30.19  during
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  forecast  period.  source:  the  global  agriculture  drone  market  is  expected  to  reach  usd  3.77  billion  by  2024.  source:  using  drones  for  crop  surveillance  can  drastically  increase  farm  crop  yields  while  minimizing  the  cost  of  walking  the  fields  or  airplane  flyover  filming.  drones  are  most  commonly  used  to  survey  fields  and  assess  soil  chemical  composition,  field  status,  crop  spraying,  and  irrigation.  the  benefits  to  farmers  include  higher  productivity  and  more  efficient  use  of  land,  water,  and  fertilizer.  increased  yields:  drones  with  machine  vision  and  specialized  algorithms  can  be  used  to  find  yield  limiting  problems.  time  savings:  drones  reduce  the  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  human  labor  in  surveying  crops  and  can  cover  up  to  10  times  more  ground  in  a  given  amount  of  time.  drones  are  particularly  effective  in  large  farms  or  farms  with  complex  geography  or  natural  barriers  such  as  streams  and  hedges.  crop  health  imaging:  drones  can  help  farmers  to  see  the  real  health  of  the  plants  by  assessing  factors  such  as  the  amount  of  sunlight  being  absorbed  by  plants  in  different  areas  of  a  field  or  the  chemical  composition.fast  remedial  measures  can  be  then  taken  to  address  bacterial  or  fungal  infections.  water  efficiency  and  other  environmental  benefits:thermal  cameras  are  able
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  detect  cooler,  wellwatered  field  regions  as  well  as  dry  hot  patches.  farmers  can  use  this  data  to  adjust  field  irrigation  and  avoid  wasting  excess  water.  3d  mapping:  drones  can  provide  accurate  3d  maps  and  can  update  existing  maps  on  a  regular  basis  as  the  land  is  altered  by  human  activity,  weather  or  natural  disasters.  the  best  way  to  measure  the  kpi  for  agricultural  drones  is  to  measure  the  yield  increase  or  reduction  in  inputs  such  as  pesticides  and  water  compared  to  historical  data.  time,  labor  and  energy  savings  related  to  surveyings  activity  can  also  be  compared  against  historical  data.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy 1.  soil  and  field  analysis:  drones  produce  precise  3d  maps  for  early  soil  analysis,  useful  in  planning  seed  planting  patterns.  after  planting,  dronedriven  soil  analysis  provides  data  for  irrigation  and  nitrogenlevel  management.  2.  planting:  startups  have  created  droneplanting  systems  that  achieve  an  uptake  rate  of  75  and  decrease  planting  costs  by  up  to  85.  3.  crop  spraying:  drones  can  scan  the  ground  and  spray  the  correct  amount  of  liquid,  modulating  distance  from  the  ground  and  spraying  in  real  time  for  even  coverage.  this  results  in  increased  efficiency  with  a  reduction  in  the  number  of  chemicals  penetrating  into  groundwater.  4.  crop
__label__controloptimizationautonomy monitoring:  timeseries  animations  can  show  the  precise  development  of  a  crop  and  reveal  production  inefficiencies,  enabling  better  crop  management.  5.  irrigation:  drones  with  hyperspectral,  multispectral,  or  thermal  sensors  can  identify  which  parts  of  a  field  are  dry  or  need  improvements.  6.  health  assessment:by  scanning  a  crop  using  both  visible  and  nearinfrared  light,  dronecarried  devices  can  identify  which  plants  reflect  different  amounts  of  green  light  and  nir  light.  positive  performance  requires  relatively  long  uptime  forthe  drones.  it  also  requires  a  reliable  setup  for  comprehensive  field  analytics.  the  owners  of  the  fields  are  most  often  the  investment  decision  makers  for  the  purchasing
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  agricultural  drones.  they  decide  to  purchase  it  to  help  them  with  farming  and  increasing  yields.  however,  many  companies  also  offer  the  use  of  drones  as  a  service.  this  approach  is  preferred  by  small  farmers  as  it  negates  the  need  to  invest  in  capital  equipment  or  training.  drones  can  then  be  used  seasonally  and  factored  as  an  operating  cost.  farmers  are  typically  the  drone  system  operators.  drones  are  relatively  easy  to  operate  and  farmers  usually  do  not  have  an  itteam  to  operate  the  drones  for  them.  as  mentioned  above,  service  providers  also  provide  drones  for  periodic  use.  in  this  case,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  service  provider  will  typically  manage  the  drone.  a  technician  may  or  may  not  be  required  depending  on  the  distance  of  the  field  from  the  service  provider  and  the  complexity  of  the  job.  both  drone  and  sensor  manufacturers,  as  well  as  researchers,  have  an  interest  in  obtaining  data.  drone  and  sensor  manufacturers  can  use  surveying  data  to  understand  user  behavior  and  improve  their  designs.  researchers  are  often  seeking  to  understand  macro  issues.  the  data  from  drones  provides  value  data  to  guide  their  research.  however,  in  both  cases,  the  data  is  generally  owned  by  the  drone  operator.  as  with  other  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy cases,  there  are  not  yet  standardized  monetization  models  to  incentivize  data  owners  to  provide  access  to  their  data  to  third  parties.  drones  collect  information  largely  based  on  the  light  reflected  by  the  crop  below.  for  agricultural  purposes,  using  a  specific  type  of  sensor  can  help  growers  collect  data  that  indicates  where  issues  exist  so  that  they  can  take  appropriate  action.  two  types  of  sensors  are  installed  most  frequently  on  drones:  thermal  and  hyperspectral  sensors.  thermal  sensors  can  read  the  radiated  temperature  of  an  object,  and  some  of  the  newest  models  are  light  enough  to  be  carried  by  a  small  drone.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  thermal  sensor  might  help  identify  how  plants  are  using  water,  as  those  with  access  to  more  water  appear  cooler  in  an  image.  the  challenge  is  that  these  temperature  variations  are  minor  and  can  be  difficult  to  distinguish  from  the  other  factors  that  might  heat  or  cool  the  plant,  such  as  breezes,  and  sun  exposure.  hyperspectral  sensors  record  many  wavelengths  of  both  visible  and  invisible  light.  although  the  size  and  price  of  these  cameras  are  coming  down,  they  are  still  large  and  expensive.  the  promise  of  these  sensors  is  that  they  might  be  able  to  identify  the  specific  type  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy plant  merely  by  measuring  the  color  of  light  that  it  reflects,  which  would  make  it  easy  to  pick  out  things  like  herbicideresistant  weeds.  however,  calibrating  these  cameras  to  work  on  a  lowflying  drone  in  a  farm  environment  where  the  light  conditions  vary  as  much  as  they  do  is  a  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved  before  hyperspectral  cameras  can  deliver.  the  communication  system  varies  based  on  the  what  kind  of  flight  controller  the  drone  uses.  in  most  cases,  the  data  communication  protocols  are  zigbee  mesh  network.  many  drones  can  operate  a  flight  pattern  without  connectivity,  which  is  useful  in  large
__label__controloptimizationautonomy areas  with  poor  reception.  a  drone  is  fundamentally  a  vehicle  for  transportingsensors,  such  as  visual  spectrum  cameras  or  thermal  sensors.  data  is  collected  as  the  drone  flies  around  the  environment.  the  height  of  the  drone,  and  its  field  of  vision  depends  on  the  type  and  quality  of  the  sensor.  the  higher  the  drone  can  fly  given  the  sensing  device,  the  more  ground  it  can  survey  in  a  given  period  of  time.  data  is  generally  relayed  to  the  cloud  after  the  drone  lands.  while  drones  can  transmit  data  in  flight,  this  is  often  cost  prohibitive.  it  is  also  generally  not  important
__label__controloptimizationautonomy since  a  time  delay  of  30  minutes  or  a  few  hours  will  seldom  impact  decision  making.  whena  drone  collects  data  over  a  field,  the  camera  takes  several  hundred  still  images  as  it  flies  a  lawnmower  pattern  back  and  forth  across  the  field.  these  images  then  performed  to  make  the  results  useful.  other  agriculture  drones  provide  data  such  as  ndvi  dvi,  water  trough  map,  health  management  zones,  elevation  contours,  emergence  uniformity,  leaf  area  index,  digital  surface  models,  and  crop  height.  deploying  drones  is  relatively  easy.  however  several  common  challenges  are  related  to  the  relative  immaturity  of  drone  systems  and  the  lack
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  digital  sophistication  by  typical  users.  1.  too  much  data:  one  of  the  primary  challenges  for  operators  is  that  they  do  not  understand  how  to  filter  and  interpret  the  data  in  order  to  derive  insights  that  can  guide  better  decision  making.  this  is  particularly  true  when  light  or  chemical  analyses  are  deployed.  2.  automation:  setting  up  automated  schedules  requires  basic  programming  capabilities  that  many  operators  lack.  3.  maintenance:  drones  are  durable  but  when  in  heavy  use  the  require  regular  maintenance.  storms,  attacks  by  wild  birds,  and  collisions  with  debris  can  all  damage  either  the  drone  or  sensors  installed  on  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy by  ,  darby  barnett,  and  clement  decrop  read  april  8,  2019  0  thirteen  years  ago,  drones  began  solving  problems  in  industries  from  construction  to  film.  today,  drones  are  quickly  becoming  a  ubiquitous  luxury  in  the  consumer  electronics  landscape,  and  sure  enough,  government  agencies  arent  far  behind  in  applying  drones  to  the  needs  of  government  at  the  federal  and  state  level.  unmanned  aerial  systems  uas  is  the  technical  term  for  a  drone  solution,  defined  by:  the  aircraft,  controller,  and  communications  between  the  two.  furthermore,  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav  is  used  interchangeably  with  the  term  uas  and  refers  to  the  aircraft  itself.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy while  the  government  plays  a  critical  role  in  regulating  emerging  technology  like  uas,  there  is  also  value  to  adopt  the  technologies  of  the  digital  revolution.  at  a  onethousandfoot  view,  both  literally  and  figuratively,  uas  expedite  processes,  help  with  strategic  decisions,  automate  tasks,  and  prevent  catastrophe.  this  is  made  possible  by  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  robotics  that  have  put  uas  at  the  forefront  of  the  4  industrial  revolution.technology  like  photogrammetric  mapping,  watson  visual  recognition  orvisual  insights,  tririga  workplace  management,  and  more,  all  help  make  the  data  more  digestible.  additionally,  this  comes  as  industry  fuses  uas  with  the  internet  of  things  iot.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy iot  consists  of  a  network  of  interconnected  sensors  that  are  used  to  help  us  make  sense  of  the  physical  world  uas  is  just  that  an  additional  class  of  endpoints  that  provide  value  through  data.  drones  have  been  used  heavily  within  the  military  to  survey  and  destroy  an  enemy  from  the  other  side  of  the  globe.  uas  were  first  used  during  the  first  world  war,  but  with  no  significant  success,  until  camera  equipped  drones  were  used  during  the  vietnam  war  on  air  force  missions  that  were  deemed  too  risky  for  manned  flights.  in  1985,  the  defense  advanced  research  projects  agency  darpa
__label__controloptimizationautonomy contracted  abraham  karem,  known  as  the  drone  father,  to  build  uavs  for  wartime  and  domestic  criminal  activity.  since  then,  uas  have  continually  evolved  in  the  military,  but  have  also  splintered  towards  a  variety  of  other  users.  uas  began  to  take  hold  outside  of  the  military  in  2006,  where  they  were  used  to  patrol  the  border,  survey  crime,  inspect  construction,  and  more.  it  was  not  until  recently  that  they  were  used  for  recreational  purposes.  the  use  of  industrial  drones  unfolding  in  three  waves.  the  first,  currently  underway,  involves  lineofsight  applications  in  which  an  operator  guides  a  drone  and  maintains  visual  contact.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  second,  ramping  up  within  5  years,  will  introduce  remote  applications,  such  as  observation  of  oceangoing  ships.  the  third  wave,  which  could  be  up  to  25  years  away,  would  introduce  fullsize  pilotoptional  aircraft.  today,  uas  has  infinite  applications  in  the  commercial  sector  and  the  public  sector  is  not  far  behind.  uas  are  used  to  expedite  rooftop  insurance  claims  by  taking  photographs  of  the  rooftops  and  using  computer  vision  ai  to  identify  the  severity  of  damage  and  whether  it  was  inflicted  by  a  human.  analytics  are  then  used  in  conjunction  with  insurance  platforms  to  process  the  claims  of  homeowners.  as  another
__label__controloptimizationautonomy example,  uas  are  used  to  ease  the  process  of  inspecting  utility  power  lines  by  providing  data  on  anomalies  that  would  have  otherwise  been  hazardous  to  a  human  traversing  the  area.  there  are  many  cities  using  uas  in  the  public  sector.for  example,  the  new  york  police  department  nypd  introduced  a  uas  program  that  includes  a  fleet  of  14  uavs  and  will  allow  the  nypd  to  gather  critical  information  while  keeping  civilians  and  officers  safe.  the  uavs  will  assist  with  search  and  rescue  missions,  crime  scene  documentation,  evidence  search  at  large  or  inaccessible  locations,  and  the  monitoring  of  traffic  and  pedestrians  at
__label__controloptimizationautonomy large  events.  additionally,  the  department  of  transportation  dot  and  federal  aviation  administration  faa  launched  theuas  integration  pilot  program  ipp  which  focuses  on  safe  drone  integration  with  state,  local,  and  tribal  governments.out  of  the  many  participants,  the  city  of  reno,  nv,  is  testing  the  use  of  uav  to  deliver  automated  external  defibrillators  aeds  to  those  suffering  from  a  cardiac  arrest.  once  fully  operational,  the  plan  is  to  have  the  drone  with  the  aed  dispatched  at  the  same  time  as  first  responders.  as  the  market  matures,  more  value  will  migrate  to  artificial  intelligence  and  software,  especially  for  turnkey  solutions  that  improve  uas
__label__controloptimizationautonomy operations  by  enhancing  detectandavoid  systems,enabling  analytics,  like  ibmvisual  insightsandvisual  recognition,  and  assisting  with  navigation  in  areas  where  drones  cannot  rely  on  a  gps  signal.  this  technology  sits  within  the  drone  value  chain  and  there  are  many  components  of  this  chain,  or  ecosystem.  the  uav  market  is  relatively  mature  in  photographic  and  video  capabilities  to  provide  users  with  an  eye  in  the  sky  for  faster,  safer,  and  more  detailed  results.  today  there  is  a  focus  on  technology  that  can  complement  drone  hardware  for  further  valueadd  to  an  industry.  some  examples  are  listed  below:  watson  iot  platform.  getting  started  with  a  uas
__label__controloptimizationautonomy pilot  involves  many  moving  parts.  although  there  are  numerous  approaches  to  a  successful  solution,  three  top  considerations  include:  drones  are  beginning  to  disrupt  the  way  agencies  manage  land,  emergency  management  respondsto  natural  disasters,  industries  inspect  hazardous  areas,  and  even  how  humans  get  around.  ibm  is  using  drones  to  help  clients  across  industry  and  government  solve  problems  from  safety  to  efficiency.  with  a  focus  on  artificial  intelligence,  cloud  storage/processing  and  applying  augmented  analytics,  government  can  improve  operations  and  create  smarter  and  safer  environments.  whittle,  richard.  the  man  who  invented  the  predator.  air  space  magazine  ,  air  space  magazine,  1  apr.  2013,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy .  drones  go  to  work.  https://www.bcg.com  ,  10  apr.  2017,  .  nypd  unveils  new  unmanned  aircraft  system  program.  nyc  ,  workers  compensation  board,  4  dec.  2018,  www1.nyc.gov/site/nypd/news/p1204a/nypdnewunmannedaircraftsystemprogram/0.  city  of  reno.  renos  economy  city  of  reno  ,  .  cohn,  pamela,  et  al.  commercial  drones  are  here:  the  future  of  unmanned  aerial  systems.  mckinsey  company  ,  www.mckinsey.com/industries/capitalprojectsandinfrastructure/ourinsights/commercialdronesareherethefutureofunmannedaerialsystems.  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reliable  data  capturing  reliable  hardware  components  multispectral  and  hyperspectral  sensors,  light  detection  and  ranging  or  lidar  sensor  photogrammetry,  heat  detector  sensor  digital  elevation  maps  dems  sensor  obstacle  detetion  sensors  slam  draining  battery  power  .  immature  sensor  technologies  subscribe  to  our  monthly  iot  digest  iot  is  trending.  companies  invest  in  new  tech...  ar  solutions  improve  ux  and  offer  vast...  just  share  your  project  idea  well  keep  it  safe  get  your  bonuses  for  free  we  get  into  the  groove,  sharing  what  weve  learnt  in  the  reallife  context  with  the  likeminded  folks.  subscribe  to  get  the  latest  insights  from  us  by  subscribing,  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy agree  to  receive  email  updates  from  rstyle  lab  and  you  can  opt  out  at  any  time  thank  you  for  subscribing  we  respect  your  privacy  wont  share  data  with  any  3rd  parties.  well  get  back  to  you  in  24  hours  by  sending  this  message  you  agree  to  our  by  sending  this  message  you  agree  to  our  thank  you  your  request  has  been  sent.  our  sales  team  will  contact  you  as  soon  as  possible  update  the  page  and  submit  the  form  again  425  market  street,  san  francisco,  ca,  94105  2019  rstyle  lab
__label__controloptimizationautonomy indexed  in  science  citation  index  expanded  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  wireless  communications  and  mobile  computing,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  department  of  information  technologies  and  communication,  universidad  politcnica  de  cartagena,  cartagena  30202,  spain  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  26  july  2019;  revised  1  october  2019;  accepted  9  october  2019;  published  3  november  2019  guest  editor:  zeeshan  kaleem  copyright  2019  j.m.  martinezcaro  and  m.d.  cano.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  nowadays,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  popularity  of  the  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  is  high,  and  it  is  expected  that,  in  the  next  years,  the  implementation  of  uavs  in  daytoday  service  will  be  even  greater.  these  new  implementations  make  use  of  novel  technologies  encompassed  under  the  term  internet  of  things  iot.  one  example  of  these  technologies  is  longrange  lora,  classified  as  a  lowpower  widearea  network  lpwan  with  lowcost,  lowpower  consumption,  large  coverage  area,  and  the  possibility  of  a  high  number  of  connected  devices.  one  fundamental  part  of  a  proper  uavbased  iot  service  deployment  is  performance  evaluation.  however,  there  is  no  standardized  methodology  for  assessing  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy performance  in  these  scenarios.  this  article  presents  a  case  study  of  an  integrated  uavlora  system  employed  for  airquality  monitoring.  each  uav  is  equipped  with  a  set  of  sensors  to  measure  several  indicators  of  air  pollution.  in  addition,  each  uav  also  incorporates  an  embedded  lora  node  for  communication  purposes.  given  that  mobility  is  key  when  evaluating  the  performance  of  these  types  of  systems,  we  study  eight  different  mobility  models,  focusing  on  the  effect  that  the  number  of  uavs  and  their  flying  speed  have  on  system  performance.  through  extensive  simulations,  performance  is  evaluated  via  multiple  quality  dimensions,  encompassing  the  whole  process  from
__label__controloptimizationautonomy data  acquisition  to  user  experience.  results  show  that  our  performance  evaluation  methodology  allows  a  complete  understanding  of  the  operation,  and  for  this  specific  case  study,  the  mobility  model  with  the  best  performance  is  pathway  because  the  lora  nodes  are  distributed  and  move  orderly  throughout  the  coverage  area.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  gaining  momentum.  iot  represents  a  heterogeneous  network  scenario  with  virtually  unlimited  uses  ,  :  smarthomes,  smartcities,  industry  4.0,  smartgrids,  etc.  at  the  same  time,  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uav,  also  known  as  drones,  are  becoming  a  very  interesting  tool  for  traffic  surveillance,  crop  monitoring,  border  patrolling,  disaster  management,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy remote  areas  control,  or  wildfire  monitoring,  and  among  others  .  examining  the  characteristics  of  both,  iot  and  uavs,  it  can  be  presumed  that  uavs  could  become  a  natural  symbiotic  element  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  .  let  us  delve  into  this  idea.  on  the  one  hand,  uavs  can  be  classified  in  terms  of  several  features  such  as  size,  communication  capacity,  flight  mode,  and  wing  types.  uavs  can  work  isolated  or  in  groups,  giving  rise  to  a  new  type  of  communication  network  called  flying  ad  hoc  networks  fanets  .  fanet  can  be  seen  as  an  extension  of  mobile  ad  hoc
__label__controloptimizationautonomy networks  manets  with  singular  features  in  terms  of  mobility,  topology,  wave  propagation,  and  energy  constraints.  in  contrast  to  other  communication  networks  as  manet  or  vehicular  ad  hoc  networks  vanets,  the  uavs  move  freely  in  the  air,  including  a  third  axis  z  to  the  mobility  of  the  devices  x  ,  y  considered  so  far.  mobility  models  used  for  uavs  are  usually  classified  according  to  its  nature  and  are  either  created  for  other  networks  and  then  adapted  to  this  new  environment  or  specifically  introduced  as  mobility  models  .  mobility  models  are  key  for  an  optimal  uav  deployment  .  numerous  factors  have  a
__label__controloptimizationautonomy notable  effect  on  the  trajectory  of  uavs  such  as  energy  constraints,  collision  avoidance,  flight  time,  ground  users  demands,  and  the  specific  service  in  use.  for  instance,  uavs  employed  for  extension  coverage  of  wireless  telecommunications  network  better  connectivity  to  terrestrial  networks  will  need  to  consider  the  quality  of  service  qos  as  a  key  element  to  optimize  their  performance  .  on  the  other  hand,  it  is  a  common  practice  in  iot  to  use  small  and  sometimes  low  cost  sensor  devices  to  capture  data  from  multiples  sources.  then,  these  data  are  usually  sent  by  means  of  wireless  technology  to  a  gateway  that  provides
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet  connectivity  to  the  cloud,  where  network  servers  are  located.  network  servers  are  responsible  for  collecting  and  processing  the  data  and  also  making  decisions  or  defining  specific  actions  to  be  carried  out.  although  there  are  several  technologies  being  used  for  the  wireless  part  of  this  general  iot  communication  architecture,  lowpower  widearea  network  lpwan  solutions  are  standing  out  .  among  their  benefits,  we  can  highlight  the  following:  energy  efficiency,  low  cost,  possibility  of  dense  deployments,  and  high  performance  in  a  wide  coverage  area.  however,  it  is  important  to  note  that  the  low  data  rate  dr  and  the  duty  cycle  constraint  1
__label__controloptimizationautonomy make  this  technology  not  appropriate  for  timesensitive  traffic.  one  of  the  most  popular  lpwan  technologies  is  longrange  lora  .  lora  uses  a  proprietary  modulation  algorithm  patented  by  semtech  as  a  derivative  of  chirp  spread  spectrum  css,  operating  in  the  industrial,  scientific,  and  medical  ism  band  and  spreading  a  narrowband  signal  over  a  wider  channel  bandwidth.  the  communication  architecture  of  lora  layers  and  protocols  is  defined  by  lorawan  ,  .  consequently,  these  small  sensors  used  in  iot  together  with  their  communications  capabilities  could  be  easily  embedded  in  uavs  e.g.,  figure  .  by  doing  so,  the  uavs  provide  a  new  framework  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy deploy  iotbased  services.  although  the  maturity  level  of  uavs  and  lora/lorawan  for  iot  is  higher  and  higher,  there  are  some  important  unsolved  issues.  from  the  uav  perspective,  mobility  is  a  challenge.  specific  mobility  models  have  been  proposed  in  the  scientific  literature  for  uavs  and  fanets.  however,  how  to  select  the  best  mobility  pattern  for  a  given  service  is  still  an  open  issue.  from  the  iot  perspective,  there  is  not  yet  a  standardized  methodology  for  performance  evaluation  in  terms  of  quality  .  figure  1:  in  this  paper,  we  address  these  two  questions  using  a  case  study.  particularly,  we  evaluate  the  performance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  an  iot  airquality  monitoring  system  that  integrates  lora/lorawan  and  uavs.  each  uav  incorporates  an  iot  device  that  has  sensors,  which  measure  the  quality  of  the  air,  and  a  lora  node  for  sending  these  data  to  a  gateway.  eight  different  uav  mobility  models  are  tested,  namely,  random  walk  rw,  random  waypoint  rwp,  random  direction  rd,  gaussmarkov  gm,  reference  point  group  mobility  rpgm,  pathway,  semirandom  circular  movement  srcm,  and  smooth  turn  st.  performance  is  measured  using  four  quality  components,  namely,  quality  of  data  qod,  quality  of  information  qoi,  quality  of  user  experience  qoe,  and  quality  cost  qc.  these  quality  components  encompass
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  whole  process  from  data  acquisition  to  user  experience  and  were  introduced  in  previous  works  ,  .  observe  that,  for  each  mobility  model,  we  will  measure  the  effect  on  performance  of  both  the  number  of  uavs,  equivalent  to  the  number  of  iot  endnodes,  and  the  uavs  flying  speed.  through  intensive  computer  simulations,  we  find  out  the  best  mobility  model  to  be  used  for  this  iot  system.  results  show  that  the  mobility  models  that  orderly  cover  all  the  areas  obtain  the  best  performance  for  the  service  under  study.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  a  review  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy stateoftheart  literature  is  included  in  section  .  section  describes  the  materials  and  methods  used  in  this  study.  simulation  results  are  shown  and  discussed  in  section  .  the  paper  ends  with  a  conclusion  in  section  .  there  are  many  proposals  in  the  scientific  literature  addressing  the  tradeoff  between  resource  optimization  and  performance  in  uav  deployments.  it  is  well  known  that  the  mobility  model  is  one  of  the  key  factors  with  a  high  impact  of  performance.  therefore,  in  this  section,  we  first  review  previous  works  related  to  optimal  location,  distribution,  and  trajectories  of  uavs.  then,  we  focus  on  studies  that  analyzed  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy impact  of  uav  mobility  in  the  performance  of  the  system  in  terms  of  quality  metrics.  finally,  we  explore  those  works  that  have  proposed  the  combined  used  of  iot  wireless  communication  technologies,  e.g.,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn  or  lora,  and  uavs.  in  ,  ,  authors  studied  mobility  models  in  uavs.  the  goal  was  to  identify  the  best  mobility  model  in  order  to  achieve  higher  wlan  coverage  without  decreasing  performance.  they  took  into  account  the  qualitative  and  quantitative  communications  needs  and  used  the  number  of  drones  as  the  main  investigated  parameter.  similarly,  chen  et  al.  suggested  maximizing  qoe  at  the  expense  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy minimizing  the  total  transmitted  power  by  each  uav  considering  the  channel  communication  constraints  between  the  deployed  devices  and  the  base  station  or  base  stations.  gao  et  al.  proposed  a  high  energyefficient  resource  allocation  scheme  considering  the  mobility  of  the  uavs  and  measuring  the  performance  of  devices  in  terms  of  qoe  in  dynamic  aerial  channel  conditions  and  different  transmission  dr.  vashisht  et  al.  analyzed  the  impact  of  the  increase  of  peripherals  into  uavs;  the  idea  was  that  only  needed  peripherals  should  be  fixed  in  drones  with  limited  resources  to  perform  all  the  tasks  in  an  energyefficient  way  and  increasing  as  much
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  possible  the  flight  time.  cheng  et  al.  proposed  a  security  alternative  regarding  uav  trajectories  and  time  scheduling  with  an  iterative  algorithm  solving  a  convex  optimization  problem.  similarly,  zhao  et  al.  solved  an  optimization  problem  for  uav  trajectories  and  nonorthogonal  multiple  access  noma  precoding  by  erasing  the  interference  from  the  base  station  to  uavs  or  minimizing  to  a  given  threshold.  also  coupling  with  qoe,  contributions  ,  ,  resolved  different  optimization  problems  to  guarantee  the  qoe  requirement  using  the  minimum  transmission  power  in  the  uav.  in  this  case,  the  goal  was  to  provide  wider  coverage  for  all  nodes  in  a  particular
__label__controloptimizationautonomy area  maintaining  qos  requirements  in  the  3d  deployment  or  maximizing  the  number  of  nodes  in  the  coverage  area  but  always  being  aware  of  energy  efficiency.  other  studies  ,  ,  addressed  different  challenges  such  as  high  node  mobility,  fluid  topology,  or  low  node  density.  as  an  example,  bouachir  et  al.  studied  the  random  waypoint  rwp  mobility  pattern,  having  a  great  impact  on  qos  metrics,  mainly  due  to  interference  and  packet  collisions  .  regarding  the  combination  of  uavs  and  iot,  several  studies  are  addressing  the  use  of  wsn  in  these  scenarios.  for  instance,  in  ,  the  authors  studied  the  features  and  conditions
__label__controloptimizationautonomy in  a  uav  network  using  different  metrics  to  guarantee  connectivity,  security,  and  scalability.  other  authors  evaluated  the  use  of  wsn  to  acquire  raw  data  from  the  environment  and  employed  lora/lorawan  to  transmit  the  data  to  the  server,  assuming  that  lora  covers  a  range  up  to  30km.  in  ,  ,  the  authors  integrated  wsn  with  uavs  and  proposed  an  optimal  trajectory  design,  minimizing  the  total  path  length,  passing  close  to  the  main  interesting  points,  and  ensuring  a  minimal  delay  in  the  communication.  sharma  et  al.  tested  a  lorawan  network  using  uavs  for  urban  surveillance  focusing  on  stress  areas,  being  able  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy preserve  40  of  the  network  energy  consumption.  from  a  more  complete  perspective,  yuan  et  al.  assessed  and  compared  the  performance  in  rural  and  urban  environments  of  uavs  equipped  with  lora,  wifi,  and  longterm  evolution  lte  networks;  results  showed  that  lora  achieved  the  best  performance  with  greater  swarm  density  and  longer  coverage  range  when  lte  was  not  supported.  kirichek  and  kulik  addressed  the  use  of  different  elements  in  the  networks  as  wsn  acquiring  data  from  terrestrial  segments.  in  their  proposal,  lora/lorawan  devices  transmitted  the  data  acquired  from  the  wsn  to  a  uav  gateway.  then,  the  uav  acting  as  a  gateway  and/or
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  a  repeater  forwarded  the  data  to  reach  the  lora  base  station,  which,  in  turn,  forwarded  the  data  to  a  network  server.  finally,  trasviamoreno  et  al.  developed  a  complete  system  with  buoys  equipped  with  wsn  for  marinecoastal  environment  monitorization  and  transmitted  the  acquired  data  using  lora  technology.  this  provided  an  easytouse  and  lowpower  solution  with  a  large  coverage  area,  one  of  the  main  features  of  lora.  in  parallel,  a  uav  with  lora  technology  acted  as  a  gateway  to  collect  the  data  up  to  forwarding  to  the  server  that  processes  it.  finally,  security  is  also  one  important  concern  because  these  devices
__label__controloptimizationautonomy could  be  an  easy  target.  some  contributions  addressed  this  issue  using  an  efficient  resource  management  and  planning  the  strategy  in  accordance  with  qos  ,  ,  .  despite  existing  many  contributions  that  evaluated  the  performance  of  different  mobility  models  in  uav  or  the  incorporation  of  lora  to  uav  deployments,  they  have  based  the  performance  analysis  only  on  two  quality  components,  namely,  qos  and  qoe.  for  qos,  the  examined  metrics  are  the  classic  ones:  delay,  jitter,  throughput,  and  packet  losses.  however,  the  qoe  component  does  not  have  a  standardized  model  for  iot  services.  consequently,  the  metrics  used  to  assess  qoe  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy state  of  the  art  are  extremely  unalike.  with  this  paper,  we  verify  a  proposal  that  harmonizes  the  performance  evaluation  of  iot  services  using  a  complete  uav/lora/lorawan  deployment  as  a  case  study.  the  novelty  resides  on  the  use  of  multiple  quality  dimensions  qod,  qoi,  qoe,  and  qc.  in  this  section,  we  describe  the  main  features  of  the  mobility  models  used  in  uav  deployments.  then,  we  describe  the  characteristics  of  the  simulation  framework  that  we  have  used  in  this  study  as  well  as  the  performance  evaluation  methodology.  dynamic  topology,  high  mobility,  etc.,  are  significant  challenges  in  the  design  of  uav  networks  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy services.  taking  into  account  that  testing  with  real  devices  is  costly  and  depends  on  region  restrictions,  camp  et  al.  suggested  the  use  of  mobility  models  under  simulation  to  assess  the  performance  of  uav  networks  and  fanets.  the  mobility  of  uavs  is  largely  different  to  the  mobility  of  vehicles  placed  in  the  ground,  so  in  most  cases  the  manet  models  are  not  directly  applied.  according  to  ,  two  primary  groups  can  be  found  for  mobility  models  in  this  scenario:  adapted  mobility  models  and  specific  models  defined  for  fanets.  on  the  one  hand,  xie  et  al.  adapted  and  extended  traditional  manet  mobility
__label__controloptimizationautonomy models  from  2d  to  3d  classifying  them  into  five  categories:  random,  temporal  dependency,  spatial  dependency,  geographic  dependency,  and  hybrid  mobilities.  the  first  category  encompasses  random  mobility,  which,  in  turn,  includes  three  models,  namely,  random  walk  rw,  random  waypoint  rwp,  and  random  direction  rd.  in  rw,  the  node  randomly  chooses  the  orientation  and  speed  during  a  time  interval,  and  before  it  ends,  it  chooses  a  new  random  orientation  and  speed  for  the  next  period  reflecting  or  wrapping  from  the  boundaries.  in  rwp,  each  node  randomly  selects  a  target  in  the  coverage  area  and  the  travelling  speed.  when  the  node  achieves  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy target,  it  waits  for  a  random  time;  then,  it  chooses  a  new  target  and  a  new  speed  to  reach  the  new  target.  finally,  in  rd,  the  node  chooses  a  course  and  speed  moving  to  the  border,  where  it  rests  and  after  that  chooses  a  new  direction  to  go.  the  difference  among  rd  and  rw  is  the  travelling  duration,  being  constant  or  random,  respectively.  in  contrast,  the  aim  of  rwp  model  is  to  measure  the  influence  of  the  range,  speed,  the  number  of  hops,  and  the  density  of  nodes  in  a  fanet.  observe  that  despite  the  random  mobility,  the  destination  position
__label__controloptimizationautonomy is  always  in  the  constrained  area  range.  the  second  category  is  the  temporally  dependent  mobility  models  that  claim  to  avoid  sudden  changes  in  direction  and  speed,  such  as  the  gaussmarkov  gm  for  tracking  trajectories  of  targets.  the  gm  equations  are  found  in  and  depend  on  heading  speed,  direction,  and  pitch,  avoiding  abrupt  changes  close  to  the  borders.  the  gm  model  has  been  largely  used  for  network  performance  evaluation.  smooth  random  mobility  correlates  the  behavior  of  the  vehicles  in  the  ground  by  the  stopturngo  model.  the  third  group  is  spacedependent,  where  the  mobility  of  a  node  depends  on  the  available  space
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  the  behavior  of  the  closest  nodes.  one  example  is  reference  point  group  mobility  rpgm  that  follows  the  masterslave  model,  where  the  members  of  a  group  follow  the  group  leader  .  another  example  is  spatially  correlated  mobility,  where  the  behavior  of  a  node  depends  on  the  actions  of  the  other  nodes.  the  fourth  category  is  the  geographical  dependence  classification,  including  the  models  with  trajectory  restrictions  due  to  pathways  or  obstacles  in  the  way  .  lastly,  the  hybrid  models  share  at  least  two  features  of  different  categories  as  the  freeway  mobility  model  that  relies  on  the  present  context  temporally  dependent  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  position  of  surrounding  nodes  restricted  to  lanes  on  highways  spacedependent.  another  case  is  the  disasterarea  model  where  many  mobility  models  are  included  .  on  the  other  hand,  many  mobility  models  have  been  specifically  created  for  fanets.  first,  in  the  semirandom  circular  movement  srcm  model,  all  uavs  are  placed  around  a  fixed  center  and  turn  around  it  with  a  radius,  speed,  and  initial  angle.  this  model  is  not  suitable  in  manets  because  these  conditions  are  not  feasible  on  ground  due  to  geographical  or  item  restrictions.  but  it  is  possible  in  fanet  because  of  the  available  free  space  in  the  air.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy second,  the  threeway  random  mobility  assumes  the  heading  speed  and  three  possible  states  defined  on  a  markov  chain:  going  straight,  turning  right,  and  turning  left.  third,  the  pheromone  repel  model  splits  the  area  into  small  grids  trying  to  cover  all  the  available  networks.  the  behavior  of  threeway  random  and  pheromone  repel  models  close  to  the  border  is  similar  to  gm  model,  choosing  to  turn  completely  the  direction  of  the  uav  pointing  to  the  interior  of  the  area.  fourth,  the  smooth  turn  st  captures  the  freespace  mobility  of  the  nodes  making  smooth  trajectories  with  a  large  radius  as  aircrafts  in  2d
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  3d.  in  the  second  case,  the  3d  model  has  two  versions,  z  dependent  and  z  independent,  which  vary  in  the  correlation  along  z  dimension  and  the  plane  x  ,  y  .  fifth,  the  flightplan  fp  mobility  defines  flights  where  the  initial  and  final  point  are  known  beforehand  e.g.,  regular  and  commercial,  not  suitable  for  autonomous  uavs.  finally,  the  multitier  mobility  model  use  different  aircraft  types  that  flight  at  diverse  heights.  figure  contains  a  brief  summary  of  the  mobility  models  mentioned  in  .  figure  2:  the  simulation  is  carried  out  using  omnet  ,  inet  framework  ,  flora  framework  ,  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy crypto  .  the  simulated  scenario  is  composed  of  one  server  called  for  this  purpose  network  server,  ns,  four  lora  gateways  loragws,  and  a  variable  number  of  lora  nodes  ranging  from  five  to  twenty  in  the  lora  network.  the  scenario  is  depicted  in  figure  .  each  uav  incorporates  a  set  of  sensors,  so  that  the  uav  can  act  as  a  mobile  airquality  station.  specifically,  each  uav  includes  nine  pollution  metrics.  during  simulations,  the  uavs  will  move  around  the  coverage  area  at  different  speeds  10,  25,  and  50km/h.  in  addition,  given  the  favored  characteristic  of  lora  nodes,  these  are  also  embedded  into
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  uavs  to  send  the  collected  data  to  the  loragw.  in  our  scenario,  we  employ  four  loragws  to  cover  the  complete  area  40km40km,  thus  maximizing  the  coverage  area,  but  considering  that  duplicated  packets  might  be  received.  behind  the  loragws,  four  gwrouters  one  for  each  loragw,  one  internetcloud,  one  nsrouter,  and  one  network  server  compose  the  backhaul  network  figure  .  when  a  loragw  receives  a  frame,  it  forwards  it  through  the  cloud  to  the  network  server.  this  element  processes  the  packet  and  obtains  valuable  information  for  decisionmaking.  in  summary,  each  uav  in  the  topology  represents  an  airquality  station  with  sensors  that
__label__controloptimizationautonomy acquire  data  from  the  environment  where  the  uav  is  flying,  and  the  embedded  lora  node  transmits  the  raw  data  to  the  network  server  through  a  loragw.  each  lora  node  generates  packets  randomly  using  an  exponential  distribution  with  mean  100  seconds.  for  a  better  understanding,  sensor  measurements  are  obtained  from  a  real  dataset  that  corresponds  to  a  suburban  area.  table  and  figure  show  the  configuration  parameters  used  in  the  simulations.  table  1:  figure  3:  our  goal  is  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  eight  different  mobility  models:  rw,  rwp,  rd,  gm,  rpgm,  pathway,  srcm,  and  st.  for  each  model,  we  analyze  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy effect  of  the  number  of  lora  nodes  i.e.,  the  number  of  uavs  and  also  their  motion  speed.  the  evaluation  is  carried  out  using  four  quality  components  introduced  in  ,  ,  each  one  covering  a  different  dimension  of  the  performance,  and  thus  avoiding  overlapping.  in  this  sense,  these  four  quality  components  are  divided  into  two  magnitudes:  profit  qod,  qoi,  and  qoe  and  cost  qc.  each  component  assesses  one  dimension:  it  is  important  to  observe  that  each  quality  component  is  the  product  of  several  metrics,  previously  normalized,  as  shown  in  .  therefore,  qod,  qoi,  qoe,  and  qc  are  also  normalized  values  01,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy being  1  the  best  possible  performance  and  0  the  worst  one.  quality  components  will  be  calculated  at  time  intervals,  called  t  ,  at  the  network  server.  this  evaluation  period  t  is  customized  according  to  the  monitoring  needs.  in  this  paper,  we  use  t  500s.  in  this  section,  we  show  the  results  obtained  after  extensive  simulations.  the  eight  mobility  models  have  been  tested  with  a  variable  number  of  uavs/lora  nodes  5,  10,  15,  and  20  and  different  speeds  10,  25,  and  50km/h.  results  are  obtained  for  qod,  qoi,  qoe,  and  qc.  the  term  qox  will  be  used  in  this  section  to
__label__controloptimizationautonomy refer  to  any  of  these  quality  components.  generally,  the  performance  in  terms  of  quality  components  qox  improves  as  the  number  of  lora  nodes/uavs  increases.  this  result  applies  to  all  the  evaluated  mobility  models.  the  only  exception  is  for  rpgm  because  all  flying  nodes  are  usually  located  into  a  small  part  of  the  studied  area;  therefore,  at  each  t  ,  the  system  only  receives  packets  from  one  or  two  grids.  this  entails  the  worst  value  for  qoi  when  the  number  of  lora  nodes/uavs  is  higher  in  rpgm.  in  the  situation  where  the  number  of  flying  devices  is  constant  and  we  only
__label__controloptimizationautonomy change  the  speed  of  the  devices,  the  different  mobility  models  obtain  similar  results  with  a  slight  performance  enhancement  as  the  speed  increases.  as  we  commented  previously,  the  qoi  component  of  the  rpgm  model  is  highly  affected  by  mobility,  due  to  the  coverage;  therefore,  the  faster  the  movement,  the  best  the  results  for  this  model.  now,  we  discuss  the  particular  results  for  each  qox  component.  in  relation  to  the  data  acquisition  process,  we  have  measured  the  quality  of  the  raw  data  obtained  by  the  uavincorporated  sensors.  because  we  are  focusing  on  collecting  data,  the  qod  component  penalizes  pollution  measurements  that  are
__label__controloptimizationautonomy not  taken.  if  we  observe  how  qod  varies  as  a  function  of  the  number  of  nodes,  we  can  see  that,  in  general,  the  more  the  number  of  uavs,  the  better  the  performance  figure  .  in  the  scenario  with  5  nodes,  the  raw  data  obtained  by  the  first  lora  node  node  is  weaker  because  it  has  not  all  the  sensors  to  obtain  all  the  airquality  values.  this  fact  penalizes  the  qod  in  this  scenario.  as  the  number  of  uavs  increases,  this  poor  uav  goes  unnoticed  because  the  rest  of  uavs  collect  a  high  number  of  measurements,  thus  increasing  the  value  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy qod.  the  qod  value  is  practically  the  same  with  a  constant  number  of  uavs,  though  with  a  certain  variance  due  to  the  random  message  generation  by  each  uav.  on  this  component,  the  speed  at  which  the  uav  moves  within  the  coverage  area  does  not  have  any  influence  on  the  results.  lastly,  the  scenario  with  20  uavs  is  slightly  better  than  others  in  terms  of  qod  for  all  mobility  models  because  the  effect  of  that  poor  uav  is  lower.  the  performance  for  all  mobility  models  are  quite  similar  because  the  qod  metrics  only  depend  on  the  raw  data,  which  is  obtained
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  the  same  dataset  that  is  shared  by  all  the  tested  mobility  models.  the  best  performance  is  acquired  by  rpgm  and  rw  models  figure  and  the  worst  by  rwp  and  rd  figure  .  figure  4:  figure  5:  after  the  data  acquisition  process,  the  qoi  component  measures  the  quality  of  the  obtained  information.  qoi  depends  on  seven  metrics,  as  shown  in  ,  which  make  it  very  volatile.  in  other  words,  mobility  has  a  higher  impact  on  qoi  than  in  qod.  to  this  particular  case,  the  better  the  performance,  the  faster  the  nodes  because  the  network  server  receives  packets  from  all  grids
__label__controloptimizationautonomy i.e.,  more  data  are  available  to  monitor  all  grids  in  the  studied  area.  the  recall  metric  is  responsible  for  measuring  this  effect  on  qoi.  the  mobility  model  with  the  best  performance  for  this  quality  component  is  pathway  mobility  due  to  the  orderly  arrangement  of  the  uavs  in  the  coverage  area  figure  .  this  means  that  once  processed  the  data,  the  network  server  assesses  information  from  all  the  monitored  areas,  which  is  very  important  for  decisionmaking.  figure  6:  the  use  of  four  loragws  guarantees  that  there  are  no  hidden  or  blank  areas  without  lora  coverage.  therefore,  the  performance  in  terms  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy qoe  is  very  similar  for  all  the  mobility  models.  the  only  metric  that  varies  a  little  bit  more  is  gateway  ,  see  .  the  reason  is  that  this  metric  evaluates  how  busy  is  the  gateway  because  of  the  need  for  sending  data,  which  could  create  a  bottleneck  in  specific  congested  scenarios  which  is  not  the  case.  all  mobility  models  obtain  similar  results  with  rd  as  the  best  one  figure  ;  this  is  because  this  model  looks  for  the  edge  of  the  area  to  change  the  direction,  coinciding  with  the  location  of  loragws,  so  the  ratio  of  delivery  packets  is  higher
__label__controloptimizationautonomy than  in  other  mobility  models.  the  speed  of  the  flying  lora  nodes/uavs  does  not  affect  performance  in  the  qoe  quality  component.  figure  7:  finally,  we  discuss  the  qc  quality  component.  the  energy  consumption  depends  on  the  state  of  the  transceiver  higher  consumption  in  transmitting  state.  due  to  a  random  message  generation  when  the  number  of  uavs  is  lower,  the  number  of  times  that  transceiver  is  in  transmitting  mode  is  different  for  each  t  .  this  fact  makes  this  component  unstable  because  the  consumption  is  highly  fluctuating  between  two  time  intervals  t  .  the  best  result  is  obtained  for  the  gm
__label__controloptimizationautonomy model  and  the  worst  for  rpgm  model  figure  ,  although  the  difference  is  small.  figure  8:  the  combination  of  technologies  to  design  a  multifaceted  system  is  a  current  trend  with  greater  impact  on  future  smart  services.  uavs,  as  well  as  lora,  is  a  very  flexible  technology  with  an  increasing  number  of  applications.  however,  today,  there  is  still  not  a  standard  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  these  technologies  or  combination  of  them.  therefore,  we  used  a  model  based  on  different  quality  components  that  address  different  dimensions  of  the  operation  of  the  service.  we  compared  the  results  obtained  for  eight  mobility  models
__label__controloptimizationautonomy random  walk,  random  waypoint,  random  direction,  gaussmarkov,  reference  point  group  mobility,  pathway  mobility,  semirandom  circular  movement,  and  smooth  turn.  from  the  results,  we  found  out  that  whereas  qod  and  qc  components  hardly  vary  among  models  because  these  quality  components  do  not  depend  on  communication  factors,  some  variation  is  perceived  in  terms  of  qoi  and  qoe.  these  two  quality  components,  qoi  and  qoe,  depend  on  wireless  and  wired  network  conditions,  and  thus,  the  provision  and  the  movement  of  the  flying  nodes  across  the  network  have  a  direct  impact  on  performance.  on  the  one  hand,  the  qoi  component  achieves  a  better  performance
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  those  mobility  models  whose  uavs  move  orderly  through  the  network.  on  the  other  hand,  qoe  relies  on  network  conditions  and  the  best  results  were  achieved  for  the  rd  mobility  model  which  minimizes  network  metrics  such  as  delay,  jitter,  and  packet  delivery  rate.  as  future  work,  we  plan  to  improve  the  quality  model  to  find  out  the  best  relationship  among  quality  components.  the  data  used  to  support  the  findings  of  this  study  is  open  access  and  cited  at  relevant  places  within  the  text  as  references  .  the  authors  declare  that  there  are  no  conflicts  of  interest  regarding  the  publication  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy this  paper.  this  work  was  supported  by  the  aei/federue  project  grant  tec201676465.c21r  aim.  ieee  communications  magazine  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  sensors  switzerland  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  proceedings  of  the  2016  itu  kaleidoscope:  icts  for  a  sustainable  world  itu  wt  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  lorawanwhat  is  it?.  a  technical  overview  of  lora  and  lorawan  proceedings  of  the  2017  11th  international  conference  on  electromechanical  and  power  systems  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  international  journal  of  communication  systems  proceedings  of  the  jornadas  de  ingeniera  telemtica  jitel19  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  on  unmanned  aircraft  systems
__label__controloptimizationautonomy icuas  ieee  journal  on  selected  areas  in  communications  ieee  access  ieee  consumer  electronics  magazine  ieee  transactions  on  communications  ieee  transactions  on  communications  proceedings  of  the  10th  international  conference  on  wireless  communications  and  signal  processing  wcsp  ieee  wireless  communications  letters  proceedings  of  the  ifip  wireless  days  wireless  communications  and  mobile  computing  advances  in  intelligent  systems  and  computing  ieee  transactions  on  industry  applications  proceedings  of  the  14th  international  conference  on  its  telecommunications  itst  ubiquitous  computing  and  ambient  intelligence  sensors  switzerland  ieee  transactions  on  communications  energies  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  on  distributed  computer  and  communication  networks  sensors  switzerland  ieee  communications  magazine  ieee
__label__controloptimizationautonomy communications  surveys  tutorials  proceedings  of  the  first  acm  mobihoc  workshop  on  airborne  networks  and  communicationsairborne12  proceedings  of  the  2nd  acm  international  workshop  on  modeling,  analysis  and  simulation  of  wireless  and  mobile  systems  proceedings  of  the  5th  annual  acm/ieee  international  conference  on  mobile  computing  and  networking  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy uber  is  working  with  att  to  develop  alwayson  connectivity  using  4g  and  5g  networks  for  passenger  and  cargo  drones,  with  the  groundwork  informing  atts  work  in  the  industrial  iot  space  too.  the  pair  have  announced  a  mulitphase  partnership  that  will  focus  in  its  first  year  on  4g  and  5g  for  piloted  aircraft  and  autonomous  cargo  drones  operating  in  lowaltitude  airspace.  the  goal  is  to  test  the  boundaries  of  viable  new  technologies  for  aerial  connectivity,  they  said.  future  phases  will  include  experiments  with  edge  computing  and  network  slicing.  these  technologies  would  help  further  enable  dedicated  and  reliable  connectivity  for  air  taxis
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  drones,  they  said  in  a  statement.  uber  has  just  announced  a  new  helicopter  ridesharing  service,  called  uber  copter,  at  its  annual  elevate  summit.  the  firm  will  offer  passengers  an  eightminute  helicopter  trip  from  lower  manhattan  to  john  f.  kennedy  international  airport  in  new  york,  according  to  .  rides  will  cost  200225  per  person  and  include  private  ground  transportation  on  both  ends.  uber  is  already  working  with  att  on  the  network  connectivity  for  the  uber  copter  initiative,  according  to  .  the  att  foundry,  the  carriers  lab  setup  for  new  technologies,  will  provide  radio  access  networks,  data  analysis,  drones,  and  hardware
__label__controloptimizationautonomy design  for  the  new  lte  and  5g  experiments.  elevate,  ubers  air  mobility  business  unit,  will  contribute  airspace  management,  ridesharing  software,  and  flight  operations.  the  project,  which  puts  focus  on  nextgeneration  electric  vertical  takeoff  and  landing  vehicles  evtols  and  cargo  drones,  will  utilise  the  uber  copter  service  in  new  york,  as  well  as  att  and  ubers  existing  drone  delivery  testing  in  san  diego.  the  companies  aim  to  revolutionize  shortrange  air  travel  and  logistics  by  exploring  nextgeneration  operational  systems  communications  networks  that  enhance  safety  and  reliability.  atts  5g  network  is  live  in  19  cities,  with  plans  to  reach  30  cities.  it  expects
__label__controloptimizationautonomy to  have  a  nationwide  5g  sub6ghz  service  in  first  half  2020.  it  has  its  eye  on  drone  applications  in  the  iot  space,  with  use  cases  in  transportation,  agriculture,  retail,  engineering,  and  public  safety.  uber  aims  to  launch  its  aerial  ridesharing  service  in  2023  with  commercial  flight  operations  in  dallasfort  worth,  los  angeles,  and  an  unnamed  city  outside  of  the  us.  andre  fuetsch,  chief  technology  officer  at  att  and  president  at  att  labs,  said:  were  in  the  very  earliest  stages  of  seeing  what  5g  can  do  to  augment  nextgeneration  air  travel,  but  were  excited  for  the  possibilities.  ridesharing  services  were  one
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  defining  mobile  applications  of  the  4g  era.  air  taxis  and  other  new  air  vehicles  could  well  eventually  become  a  signature  use  case  for  5g.  tom  prevot,  director  of  engineering  for  airspace  systems  at  uber,  said:  atts  team  of  engineers  and  leading  5g  capabilities  have  the  potential  to  revolutionise  wireless  connectivity  for  evtols  and  drones.  att  has  already  made  important  strides  in  pioneering  connectivity  capabilities  above  500  feet  in  urban  settings,  and  we  look  forward  to  working  with  them  on  the  next  generation  of  breakthroughs.  related  related  james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for
__label__controloptimizationautonomy over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business  in  western  europe.  he  is  based  in  london.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy telecoms  vendor  huawei  has  partnered  with  chinese  agricultural  technology  supplier  xag  on  a  series  of  experiments  to  explore  the  application  of  5g  and  ai  in  agriculture.  xag  is  also  an  unmanned  aircraft  system  uas  manufacturer,  producing  drones,  alongside  internet  of  things  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  ail  tools  for  farming.  the  pair  have  worked  together  on  cellular  and  cloud  based  agriculture  solutions  since  2016,  but  the  latest  trials  have  introduced  5g  into  the  mix,  as  a  further  catalyst  for  smart  agriculture.  xag  said  their  collaboration  will  expand  throug  the  entire  production  system,  with  the  emphasis  on  5g  to  seamlessly  farmers  with
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  range  of  new  digital  tools,  including  drones,  sensors,  and  robots,  to  raise  performance  and  reduce  costs.  5g  can  not  only  raise  the  speed  and  precision  of  data  transmission  and  processing  but  also  improve  the  control  accuracy  and  stability  of  drones  and  robots.  when  5g  combines  with  ai  and  cloud  computing,  new  production  scenarios  such  as  live  video  monitoring,  remote  diagnostics  and  onsite  prescription  would  emerge  to  enable  precision  agriculture,  the  company  said.  xags  farmmonitor  sensors  collect  meteorological  and  soil  data,  such  as  rainfall,  wind  speed,  soil  moisture,  and  temperature.  its  farmcam  imaging  sensors  capture  highdefinition  field  images.  both  solutions
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  based  on  huaweis  networking  and  hisilicon  chip  solutions.  the  company  has  also  developed  an  autonomous  drone  to  replace  physical  labour  on  seeding,  fertilising,  and  chemical  spraying.  these  drones  have  recorded  high  volumes  of  agricultural  production  data,  including  field  edges,  landforms,  object  location,  crop  growth,  flight  path  and  spraying  dosage,  it  said.  the  data  is  ripe  for  analytics  and  deep  learning.  the  introduction  of  5g,  it  said,  will  allow  mapping  and  imaging  data  from  drones  to  be  processed  in  the  cloud  in  near  real  time,  supporting  ai  tools  to  generate  prescription  maps  on  site  to  allow  for  dynamic  variablerate  application
__label__controloptimizationautonomy vra  of  planting  and  spraying  by  automated  farm  machinery.  with  5g,  growing  conditions  can  be  live  videostreamed  on  mobile  phones,  allowing  farmers  to  run  remote  crop  disease  diagnosis  without  venturing  into  their  fields.  a  traceability  system,  meanwhile,  can  be  enabled  to  make  the  growing  and  harvesting  conditions  of  food  items  available  for  public  consumption  so  the  trust  gap  between  consumer  and  producer  closes,  it  said.  the  company  stated:  5g  has  the  potential  to  transform  agriculture,  as  the  development  of  smart  farming  is  heavily  dependent  on  both  mobile  internet  and  automated  devices  to  achieve  realtime,  precise  production  and  management.  related  related
__label__controloptimizationautonomy james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for  over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business  in  western  europe.  he  is  based  in  london.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy advanced  units  from  the  uk  and  us  militaries  have  teamed  up  as  part  of  a  joint  experiment  using  britishdesigned  autonomous  systems.  the  uks  defence  science  and  technology  laboratory  dstl,  and  the  us  army  combat  capabilities  development  commands  ground  vehicle  systems  centre,  hosted  the  coalition  assured  autonomous  resupply  caar  experiment  at  the  camp  grayling  joint  manoeuvre  training  centre  in  michigan.  brigadier  darrell  amison,  the  british  armys  head  of  capability  combat  service  support,  said:  caar  is  a  great  example  of  successful  us/uk  science  and  technology  and  warfighter  collaboration.  over  three  years  of  trials  and  experimentation  caar  has  rapidlydeveloped  the  armys  thinking  around
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  use  of  autonomous  capability  within  an  informationled,  integrated  and  technologyenabled  supply  chain.  exploitation  into  the  armys  core  combat  service  support  modernisation  and  transformation  programmes  is  now  a  priority  and  well  seek  opportunities  for  collaborative  capability  development  where  it  makes  sense  to  do  so.  during  the  experiment,  a  semiautonomous  logistic  convoy  was  tested  along  with  aerial  autonomous  resupply  systems.  the  lead  vehicle  was  operated  in  various  modes  including  controlled  semiautonomously  through  the  use  of  designated  waypoints.  both  uk  and  us  tactical  resupply  vehicles  were  used  in  the  convoy.  major  andrew  scruggs  from  the  us  army  said:  the  collaboration  is  vital
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  has  been  one  of  truly  mutual  support  and  burdensharing.  both  nations  have  put  their  expertise  and  resources  together  to  learn  and  create  new  ideas  and  approaches  for  army  logistics  operations  of  the  future.  we  have  been  able  to  look  at  the  challenges  of  working  with  how  you  take  different  systems  from  different  nations  and  different  companies  and  get  them  all  to  talk  together.  the  autonomous  vehicles  are  being  researched  to  assist  with  delivering  frontline  supplies  which  are  likely  to  be  targeted  by  an  adversary.  autonomous  deliveries  will  help  to  prevent  deaths  or  injuries  to  troops  making  deliveries  back  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy forth  in  combat  zones  while  freeing  up  personnel  for  other  missioncritical  activities.  peter  stockel,  dstls  autonomy  innovation  lead,  said:  this  has  been  a  journey  in  understanding,  not  only  how  to  integrate  technically  the  different  capabilities,  but  importantly  to  help  the  british  and  us  armies  understand  and  develop  the  potential  concepts  of  use,  tactics  and  procedures  together  in  the  representative  battlefield  environments.  we  have  gained  hugely  valuable  insights  into  the  reliability  and  maturity  of  state  of  the  art  technology  and  how  to  operate  these  systems  as  a  uk/us  coalition.  this  is  about  two  major  western  partners  working  together  to  make  future
__label__controloptimizationautonomy battlefield  operations  less  risky,  more  effective  and  efficient.  the  special  relationship  between  the  uk  and  the  us  remains  as  close  and  strategicallyimportant  as  ever,  especially  given  the  countries  breakdown  in  relations  with  the  eu  over  areas  such  as  trade  and  nato  commitments.  this  rift  has  only  increased  amid  growing  tensions  with  iran.  while  the  uk  supported  us  sanctions  against  iran  for  its  ongoing  hostile  activities,  the  eu  did  not  and  even  established  to  avoid  them.  when  a  british  ship  was  illegally  seized  in  the  hormuz  strait  by  iran,  the  us  and  uk  led  efforts  to  protect  shipping  routes  in  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy area  but  the  eu  did  not  offer  its  support.  the  us  has  further  increased  sanctions  on  iran  after  saudi  arabia  accused  the  country  of  carrying  out  a  drone  attack  on  its  oil  facilities  which  took  out  five  percent  of  the  worlds  supply.  the  reports  that  ellie  geranmayeh,  a  scholar  of  iran  at  the  european  council  on  foreign  relations,  said  most  european  powers  blame  trump  for  creating  the  environment  that  led  to  the  attacks.  speaking  on  bbc  radio  4s  today  programme,  former  uk  defence  secretary  dr  liam  fox  said  he  believed  it  was  becoming  increasingly  clear  that  iran  is  to  blame
__label__controloptimizationautonomy for  the  attacks.  he  warned:  i  think  its  difficult  to  rule  out  military  action.  this  will  only  be  used  to  quickly  provide  signup  information  and  will  notallow  us  to  post  to  your  account  or  appear  on  your  timeline.  editor,  iot  news  editor  at  techforge  media.  often  sighted  at  global  tech  conferences  with  a  coffee  in  one  hand  and  laptop  in  the  other.  if  its  geeky,  im  probably  into  it.  iottech  offers  the  latest  internet  of  things  news  and  strategy.  please  follow  this  link  for  our  .  copyright  2019  iot  tech  news.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  us  under  secretary  of  defense  for  research  and  engineering,  michael  griffin,  has  told  capitol  hill  lawmakers  that  the  pentagon  will  reap  the  benefits  of  selfdrivingvehicles  before  the  public  does.  and,  according  to  griffin,  that  time  cant  come  soon  enough.  while  many  armed  forces  are  experimenting  with  driverless  tanks  such  as  the  robattle,  pictured  above  and  pilotless  fighter  planes,  griffin  explained  that  more  than  half  of  casualties  in  combat  zones  involve  military  personnel  making  critical  deliveries  of  fuel,  food,  and  general  supplies.  as  a  result,  the  adoption  of  selfdriving  vehicles  could  remove  those  service  men  and  women  from  unnecessary  danger,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy reduce  the  number  injuries,  and  ultimately  save  lives.  youre  in  a  very  vulnerable  position  when  youre  doing  that  kind  of  activity,  said  griffin  if  that  can  be  done  by  an  automated,  unmanned  vehicle  with  a  relatively  simple  ai  driving  algorithm,  where  i  dont  have  to  worry  about  pedestrians  and  road  signs  and  all  of  that,  why  wouldnt  i  do  that?  griffins  point  about  autonomous  military  vehicles  not  needing  to  worry  about  pedestrians  and  road  signs  and  all  of  that,  is  more  illuminating  than  it  first  appears.  his  statement  highlights  exactly  why  the  military  could  well  see  the  widespread  adoption  of
__label__controloptimizationautonomy driverless  vehicles  before  the  likes  of  uber  and  roll  out  their  fleets  for  public  use.  put  simply,  in  an  inherently  dangerous  environment  such  as  a  warzone,some  risks  are  worth  taking  to  protect  soldiers  from  harm  risks  that  would  be  unacceptable  on  the  public  highway  or  in  towns  and  cities  in  peacetime,  for  example.  in  this  limited  sense  there  are  unlikely  similarities  with  startup  projects  such  as  a  drone  company  delivering  medical  supplies  in  rural  africa,  which  has  to  set  up  in  the  us.  concerns  that  usually  hold  back  autonomous  deployments  are  outweighed  by  the  need  to  harness  the  technology  today.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy when  lives  are  at  stake  in  these  types  of  situations,  details  such  as  liability  or  operations  beyond  visual  line  of  sight  can  take  a  backseat.  health  and  safety  fears  and  regulations  have  for  very  good  reasons  been  a  hurdle  for  companies  such  as  amazon,  uber,  waymo,  toyota,  and  baidu,  which  want  to  use  autonomous  vehicles  to  move  people  or  packages  from  one  place  to  another  for  the  sake  of  convenience  and  lower  costs.  and  marchs  two  fatalities  in  softwarepiloted  vehicle  tests,  involving  and  cars,  demonstrated  that  the  risks  to  the  public  are  real  at  this  early  development  stage  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy technology.  but  in  combat  situations,  risk  assessments  look  set  to  come  to  the  conclusion  that  mounting  the  occasional  curb  or  incorrectly  reading  road  signsare  of  relatively  little  consequence  particularly  if  the  terrain  means  that  there  are  few  such  obstacles  to  navigate  in  the  first  place.  it  would  be  wrong  to  say  that  the  military  faces  no  issues  in  the  race  to  adopt  autonomous  vehicles,  however.  just  as  driverless  cars  have  to  be  able  to  avoid  pedestrians  and  other  vehicles,  adhere  to  road  laws,  and  navigate  a  dynamic  regulatory  environment,  military  vehicles  have  to  be  secure  from  cyber  attacks  and  be
__label__controloptimizationautonomy able  to  protect  sensitive  information.  last  year,  the  us  army  over  concerns  that  the  chinese  manufacturers  devices  had  cyber  vulnerabilities.  the  fear  was  that  the  drones,  typically  used  by  military  personnel  for  situational  awareness  and  infrastructure  inspection,  could  be  hacked  to  reveal  intelligence.  that  situation  has  been  resolved  to  a  degree,  following  an  independent  .  but  the  point  remains:  although  autonomous  vehicles  have  the  potential  to  save  lives  in  the  military,  any  cybersecurity  weaknesses  could  add  to  casualties,  not  reduce  them.  december  45,  brimingham,  uk  may  12  13  santa  clara,  ca,  usa  june  15  17  chicago,  il,  usa  united  states
__label__controloptimizationautonomy keep  me  logged  in  aerospace  firm  is  working  with  the  australian  army  to  convert  two  m113  as4  armored  personnel  carriers  apcs  to  use  autonomous  tech  that  could,  according  to  the  company,  take  soldiers  off  future  battlefields.  in  an  announcement  tuesday,  britains  bae  systems  stated  that  the  australian  army  would  carry  out  experiments  in  order  to  better  understand  the  opportunities  to  employ  autonomy  on  the  battlefield.  work  on  the  vehicles  is  expected  to  be  finished  by  october.  the  autonomous  apcs  will  also  help  the  army  to  implement  its  robotic  autonomous  systems  ras  strategy,  bae  systems  said.  autonomous  vehicles  could  potentially  carry
__label__controloptimizationautonomy out  a  range  of  tasks  including  logistics  support  and  intelligence  gathering,  the  firm  added.  broadly,  the  australian  armys  ras  strategy  focuses  on  how  it  can  leverage  emerging  technologies  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  robotics  and  autonomous  systems.  autonomous  technology  will  assist  soldiers  to  respond  in  an  accelerating  warfare  environment  increasing  their  speed  of  initiative  to  outpace,  outmaneuver  and  outthink  conventional  and  unconventional  threats,  brad  yelland,  the  chief  technology  officer  of  bae  systems  australia,  said  in  a  statement.  connected  and  intelligent  technologies  are  starting  to  impact  a  number  of  military  organizations.  in  february  2019,  for  example,  the  british  army  awarded  a  1
__label__controloptimizationautonomy million  1.22  million  contract  to  a  software  developer  to  explore  how  virtual  reality  can  be  integrated  into  soldier  training.  at  the  time,  the  british  army  said  the  pilot  scheme  would  look  to  test  a  range  of  virtual  reality  applications.  these  include  high  resolution  virtual  reality  headsets;  avatars  that  can  be  customized  to  replicate  facial  features  and  body  shapes;  and  technology  that  offers  data  capture  and  analysis  to  help  soldiers  better  understand  their  own  performance.  got  a  confidential  news  tip?  we  want  to  hear  from  you.  sign  up  for  free  newsletters  and  get  more  cnbc  delivered  to  your  inbox  get  this
__label__controloptimizationautonomy delivered  to  your  inbox,  and  more  info  about  our  products  and  services.  2019  cnbc  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  data  is  a  realtime  snapshot  data  is  delayed  at  least  15  minutes.  global  business  and  financial  news,  stock  quotes,  and  market  data  and  analysis.  data  also  provided  by
__label__controloptimizationautonomy better,  faster,  stronger.  darpa  has  a  plan  to  make  drone  swarms  more  autonomous  and  secure  from  hacking.  arlington,  va.  u.s.  military  researchers  are  asking  industry  to  develop  distributed,  secure,  and  for  heterogeneous  swarms  of  autonomous  vehicles.  and  the  proliferation  of  lowcost  sensors  and  other  internet  of  things  iot  technologies,  darpa  officials  point  out,  yet  few  are  designed  with  cyber  security  in  mind.  of  autonomous  vehicles  project  seeks  to  create  a  distributed,  secure,  and  trusted  processing  environment  for  heterogeneous  swarms  of  autonomous  vehicles  that  makes  the  most  of  flexibility  while  guaranteeing  computational  assurance  and  trust  in  each  node  of  a  swarm.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy drones  for  the  air,  land,  and  sea  are  just  the  beginning  of  21st  century  u.s.  military  might.  the  pentagon  is  developing  swarm  systems  to  respond  to  emerging  threats.  autonomous  military  vehicles  are  the  future  of  warfare,  and  the  u.s.  is  leading  their  development.  these  vehicles  will  be  able  to  perform  different  functions,  including  moving  through  dangerous  terrain  and  attacking  targets.  as  the  pentagons  investments  in  robotics  rises,  autonomous  military  vehicles  could  become  a  highly  active  field.  one  of  the  leading  groups  developing  autonomous  military  vehicles  is  the  tank  automotive  research,  development,  and  engineering  center  within  the  u.s.  army.  tardec  has
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  30year  strategy  and  has  been  actively  testing  autonomous  ground  vehicle  agv  technologies.  two  years  ago,  tardec,  in  partnership  with  defense  contractor  lockheed  martin,  showcased  an  autonomous  mobility  applique  system  .  the  system  to  convoy  vehicles,  including  the  ability  to  navigate  dangerous  environments.  the  goal  of  amas  is  to  enable  such  vehicles  to  be  deployed  in  hostile  locations  such  as  in  afghanistan  and  iraq.  in  2014,  tardec  held  two  trials.  the  first  trial  took  place  in  may,  and  seven  unmanned  vehicles  at  speeds  of  more  than  40  miles  per  hour.  the  second  trial  took  place  in  august  with  soldiers  present.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy tardec  tested  autonomous  military  vehicles  in  a  convoy.  early  this  year,  tardec  demonstrated  its  autonomous  military  vehicles.  potential  benefits  include  their  ability  to  traverse  environments  with  high  numbers  of  improvised  explosive  devices  ieds  and  to  help  save  soldiers  lives.  in  mid2016,  tardec  tested  on  public  roads  for  the  first  time  .  shortrange  radio  technology  to  allow  them  to  communicate  with  one  another  and  sensors  planted  on  the  road.  tardec  said  that  it  plans  to  deploy  a  lead  truck  that  can  control  the  speed  of  vehicles  behind  it.  ground  vehicles  arent  the  only  area  for  autonomous  applications.  aerial  drones  are  also
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  core  part  of  u.s.  military  planning.  last  year,  the  defense  advanced  projects  research  agency  darpa  put  out  a  request  for  proposals  for  the  collaborative  operations  in  denied  environment  code  project.  darpa  wants  to  reduce  the  need  for  human  drone  operators  and  instead  allow  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  uavs  to  communicate  with  one  another  and  to  execute  tasks  without  human  input.  identifying,  tracking,  and  even  engaging  targets  with  human  permission.  in  partnership  with  composite  engineering,  dynetics,  general  atomics  aeronautical  systems,  and  lockheed  martin,  darpa  is  also  developing  gremlin  drones  named  after  creatures  that  british  pilots  viewed  as  good  luck  during  world
__label__controloptimizationautonomy war  ii.  the  agency  from  planes  and  returning  to  those  planes  after  completing  their  missions.  the  uavs  would  be  able  to  be  used  20  times  and  would  be  capable  of  swarming  together  with  other  drones.  the  u.s.  navy  is  another  pioneer  in  socalled  swarm  warfare.  a  2012  paper  obtained  outlines  a  scenario  whereby  a  military  vessel  at  sea  is  attacked  by  five  to  10  drones,  which  are  controlled  from  a  fishing  boat  in  proximity.  this  scenario  highlights  a  vulnerability  in  the  u.s.  navys  current  aegis  combat  system.  while  aegis  has  many  advanced  weapons,  drones  can  move  past  these  systems  because
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  their  size  and  signature  and  reach  the  vessel.  in  response,  the  navy  lowcost  uav  swarming  technology,  or  locust.  instead  of  relying  on  missiles,  machine  guns,  and  sailors,  locust  will  enable  small  autonomous  military  vehicles  to  combat  attackers  in  drone  dogfights.  darpa  and  the  u.s.  navy  arent  the  only  ones  leading  rd.  the  u.s.  air  force  is  working  on  to  overwhelm  enemy  defense  systems.  they  are  creating  that  enable  small  drones  to  fly  without  colliding,  similar  to  how  bees  fly  in  a  swarm.  the  actuv  system  is  designed  to  identify  and  evade  vessels.  the  air  force  also  wants  to  use
__label__controloptimizationautonomy these  drones  as  sensors  and  to  deliver  weapon  payloads.  this  is  all  part  of  a  new  strategy  it  calls  .  within  the  pentagon  is  a  secretive  division  called  the  strategic  capabilities  office.  it  is  working  on  3dprinted  microdrones  that  can  identify  other  microdrones  and  create  a  swarm.  the  microdrones  themselves  from  fighter  jets  and  use  parachutes  to  descend.  alongside  autonomous  military  vehicles  and  air,  the  u.s.  military  is  also  looking  at  the  technology  for  maritime  operations.  darpa  has  designed  sea  hunter  to  be  highly  autonomous.  it  can  dodge  other  vessels  and  even  identify  enemy  vessels.  is  the  product  of  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy antisubmarine  warfare  continuous  trail  unmanned  vessel  initiative.  the  u.s.  has  partnered  with  the  u.k.  on  autonomous  military  vehicles.  in  july,  the  two  nations  announced  that  they  will  be  cooperating  to  innovate  autonomous  robotic  delivery  technologies.  this  includes  a  combination  of  ground  and  air  robotic  vehicles  to  help  move  objects  to  soldiers  who  are  in  the  last  mile.  the  american  and  british  armed  forces  these  systems  in  october  2017.  the  partners  have  also  called  on  academia  and  the  private  sector  to  help  identify  other  related  technologies,  which  they  plan  to  test  in  2019.  in  the  face  of  geopolitical  instability,  countries  such
__label__controloptimizationautonomy as  ,  ,  ,  and  are  to  help  save  lives  and  respond  to  threats.  autonomous  military  vehicles  will  be  an  increasingly  crucial  component  of  land,  sea,  and  air  operations.  militaries  large  and  small  are  investing  in  automated  vehicles  and  weapons  platforms.  as  the  u.s.  makes  strides  in  this  field,  will  it  keep  this  advanced  technology  to  itself,  or  will  it  export  it  to  the  world  as  it  has  done  with  drones?  abishur  prakash  abishur  prakash  is  a  geopolitical  futurist  and  author  focused  on  how  new  technologies,  such  as  ai,  blockchain,  gene  editing,  and  virtual  reality  will  transform  geopolitics.  he  works
__label__controloptimizationautonomy at  center  for  innovating  the  future,  a  strategy  innovation  lab  in  toronto.  prakash  advises  multinationals,  governments,  and  startups.  he  is  the  author  of  three  books:  next  geopolitics,  vols.  1  and  2,  and  go.ai  geopolitics  of  artificial  intelligence.  in  addition  to  rbr,  prakashs  work  has  been  published  in  forbes,  scientific  american,  and  newsweek.  content  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest  from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you
__label__controloptimizationautonomy gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,  all  of  our  research  and  reports,  indepth  company  profiles,  and  much  more.  2019  robotics  business  review  a  division  of  eh  publishing,  inc.  d.b.a  eh  media  111  speen  street,  framingham  ma  01701  u.s.a.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy although  the  u.s.  is  the  biggest  creator  and  user  of  military  robotics  and  drones,  israel,  india,  and  russia  are  also  shaping  the  future  of  defense  automation,  ai,  and  iot.  as  the  u.s.  marks  memorial  day,  its  time  to  pause  and  reflect  on  past  wars  and  what  can  be  done  to  avoid  or  win  future  conflicts.  defense  automation  is  already  big  business,  and  military  robotics  and  artificial  intelligence  applications  promise  to  act  as  force  multipliers  and  save  lives.  however,  the  specters  of  a  new  arms  race  and  mutually  assured  destruction  lurk  in  the  background.  are  you  worried?  just  as  automotive  manufacturers
__label__controloptimizationautonomy are  still  the  leading  users  of  industrial  automation,  so  too  is  driving  service  robotics.  this  is  likely  to  continue  into  the  foreseeable  future,  according  to  goldman  sachs.  by  2025,  global  is  expected  to  reach  16.5  billion,  more  than  three  times  the  5.1  billion  spent  on  military  robotics  in  2010.  as  countries  spend  billions  to  develop  military  robotics,  they  are  creating  their  own  niche  markets  within  this  sector.  the  u.s.  is  the  obvious  spending  and  technology  leader  and  is  growing  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  0.06,  .  three  other  countries  are  also  shaping  the  development  of  defense  automation:  india,
__label__controloptimizationautonomy israel,  and  russia.  in  2010,  indias  military  unveiled  its  ambitious  ,  which  calls  for  having  robots  conduct  50  of  all  military  operations  within  10  years.  at  the  time,  the  indian  military  had  16  topsecret  programs  for  defense  automation.  in  2013,  the  defence  research  and  development  organisation  drdo,  indias  equivalent  to  the  u.s.  defense  advanced  research  projects  agency  darpa,  was  robot  soldiers  with  a  very  high  level  of  intelligence.  india  wants  to  deploy  robot  soldiers  in  different  areas,  like  the  line  of  control  between  it  and  pakistan.  in  line  with  this  objective,  the  country  wants  an  advanced  robotic  soldier  patrolling  and
__label__controloptimizationautonomy protecting  its  borders  by  2023.  will  military  robotics  in  india  get  a  further  boost  as  the  government  to  an  astonishing  620  billion?  last  august,  the  israel  defense  force  idf  fully  automated  selfdriving  military  vehicles  with  the  palestiniancontrolled  gaza  strip.  the  idf  planned  to  deploy  these  same  vehicles,  equipped  with  weapons,  to  israels  borders  with  egypt,  jordan,  syria,  and  lebanon.  it  has  partnered  with  defense  contractor  elbit  systems.  israels  homemade  guardium  ugv  is  intended  for  border  security.  prior  to  this,  guardium,  an  unmanned  ground  vehicle  ugv  developed  by  israel  aerospace  industries  ltd.  iai.  this  is  the  same  company  that  unveiled  an
__label__controloptimizationautonomy updated  ugv  that  can  be  tweaked  on  demand  to  adapt  to  different  conditions.  it  can  be  used  for  attack  and  protection  missions,  among  other  deployment  options.  the  iai  has  also  developed  harop,  an  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav  to  track  the  radio  frequencies  of  enemy  planes.  it  can  then  crash  into  them  hence  the  nickname  suicide  drones.  given  the  use  of  suicide  bombers  by  terrorists,  its  no  surprise  that  are  also  increasingly  popular,  as  seen  at  this  past  months  event  in  dallas.  in  addition,  harop  is  equipped  with  an  autonomous  platform  that  is  viewed  as  a  precursor  .  in  march,  indian
__label__controloptimizationautonomy internet  of  things  iot  company  cron  systems  said  it  will  work  on  border  security  with  israels  automotive  robotic  security.  the  multimilliondollar  deal  aris  agvs  and  crons  intrusiondetection  systems.  as  far  back  as  2009,  russia  has  been  testing  the  mrk27  bt  robotic  soldier  nicknamed  point  of  combat.  the  was  to  ensure  that  objectives  can  be  achieved  in  situations  where  fatalities  are  highly  likely.  in  2013,  dmitry  rogozin,  the  deputy  russian  prime  minister  in  charge  of  defense,  guided  the  creation  of  the  fund  for  advanced  research  fpi,  a  russian  equivalent  to  darpa.  in  early  2016,  fpi  unveiled  two  new  robot  prototypes.  fyodor
__label__controloptimizationautonomy was  designed  and  copies  the  actions  of  its  human  operator  in  real  time.  the  russian  military  is  also  interested  in  developing  remote  operations.  for  instance,  one  defense  automation  application  could  help  soldiers  .  is  a  combat  robot  unveiled  in  2014  that  includes  grenade  launchers  and  rifles.  russia  is  also  working  on  machines  that  resemble  the  cute  robot  in  the  animated  film  walle  .  these  robotic  soldiers  will  be  deployed  in  2018.  the  russian  military  industrial  committee  has  projected  that  by  2025,  30  of  russias  will  be  based  in  remotely  controlled  and  robotic  platforms.  russias  is  considered  a  precursor  to  fully
__label__controloptimizationautonomy autonomous  systems.  the  pentagon  has  said  that  the  u.s.  wont  trust  fully  automated  weapons  platforms,  but  will  other  nations  be  so  restrained?  there  is  little  doubt  that  india,  israel,  and  russia  are  making  inroads  in  their  respective  areas  of  military  robotics.  as  countries  large  and  small  invest  in  defense  automation,  technology  could  affect  the  balance  of  geopolitical  power.  how  will  global  institutions  regulate  trade  in  military  robotics?  what  does  this  mean  for  the  future  of  robotics  patents?  how  will  nonstate  actors  partake  in  this  defense  automation  race?  all  of  this  and  more  are  covered  .  abishur  prakash  abishur  prakash  is
__label__controloptimizationautonomy a  geopolitical  futurist  and  author  focused  on  how  new  technologies,  such  as  ai,  blockchain,  gene  editing,  and  virtual  reality  will  transform  geopolitics.  he  works  at  center  for  innovating  the  future,  a  strategy  innovation  lab  in  toronto.  prakash  advises  multinationals,  governments,  and  startups.  he  is  the  author  of  three  books:  next  geopolitics,  vols.  1  and  2,  and  go.ai  geopolitics  of  artificial  intelligence.  in  addition  to  rbr,  prakashs  work  has  been  published  in  forbes,  scientific  american,  and  newsweek.  content  webcast  oct  16,  2019  2pm  est  webinar  to  discuss  the  emobility  market,  design  specifications  for  robotics  and  vehicle  developers.  newsletter  get  the  latest
__label__controloptimizationautonomy from  robotics  business  review  delivered  to  your  inbox.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  today  connect  with  us  become  a  rbr  as  an  insider  you  gain  access  everything  that  rbr  has  to  offer:  industry  news,  transaction  data,  all  of  our  research  and  reports,  indepth  company  profiles,  and  much  more.  2019  robotics  business  review  a  division  of  eh  publishing,  inc.  d.b.a  eh  media  111  speen  street,  framingham  ma  01701  u.s.a.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy the  trial  is  focused  on  autonomous  last  mile  supplies  rather  than  using  autonomous  weapons  in  combat,  which  mod  has  recently  denied  involvement  in.  the  ministry  of  defence  mod  has  announced  what  it  calls  the  biggest  military  robotics  exercise  in  british  history.the  autonomous  warrior  exercise  will  see  british  troops  testing  more  than  70  examples  of  autonomous  technology  that  could  assist  them  in  combat,  including  prototype  drones  and  autonomous  ground  vehicles.  today  the  army  have  started  the  biggest  military  robot  exercise  in  british  history.  exercise  autonomous  warrior  will  test  over  70  prototype  unmanned  aerial  and  autonomous  ground  vehicles.  read  all  about  it
__label__controloptimizationautonomy here:  ministry  of  defence  defencehq  mod  autonomous  trial,  which  takes  place  salisbury  plain  and  lasts  four  weeks,  will  test  technologies  used  in  surveillance,  longrange  and  precision  targeting,  enhanced  mobility  and  resupplying  forces,  urban  warfare,  and  enhanced  situational  awareness.  defence  secretary  gavin  williamson:  our  troops  now  have  the  chance  to  test  out  a  huge  range  of  robotic  kit  in  what  will  be  the  biggest  exercise  of  its  kind  in  our  history.  were  always  working  with  the  brightest  minds  in  britain  and  across  the  world  to  see  how  they  can  support  our  military  of  the  future,  but  now  the  frontrunners  have  the
__label__controloptimizationautonomy chance  to  prove  what  they  can  really  do  on  a  battlefield.  this  equipment  could  revolutionise  our  armed  forces,  keeping  them  safe  and  giving  them  the  edge  on  an  increasingly  unstable  world.  an  mod  spokesperson  told  computer  business  review  that  it  is  currently  working  on  the  range  of  tech  it  is  testing,  but  the  trial  will  include  ground  vehicles  developed  by  horiba  mira  and  qinetiq,  and  uavs  from  animal  dynamics,  fleetonomy,  and  bernard  microsystems.  as  with  all  these  trials,  each  piece  of  equipment  will  be  subject  to  much  more  testing  and  scrutiny  before  we  would  begin  the  procurement  and  eventual  deployment
__label__controloptimizationautonomy of  the  systems,  the  spokesperson  said.  read  more:  one  of  the  key  areas  of  the  trial  is  to  test  the  autonomous  last  mile  supply  in  other  words  bringing  food,  fuel,  ammunition,  and  other  supplies  to  troops  during  their  dangerous  final  approach  to  the  combat  zone.  the  exercise  will  finish  with  a  battle  group  experiment,  where  the  best  of  the  mod  autonomous  technologies  will  be  used  in  a  simulate  d  battle  environment  to  test  their  ability  to  complete  such  tasks.  mod  has  drawn  the  line  before  autonomous  weapons  for  the  trial,  with  government  having  last  year  that  it  still  has  no
__label__controloptimizationautonomy intention  of  developing  them.  however,  the  autonomous  warrior  announcement  coincided  with  a  from  drone  wars  uk  that  mod  is  funding  multiple  ai  weapon  systems.  this  allegedly  includes  the  taranis  experimental  drone  designed  by  bae  that  can  penetrate  deep  inside  hostile  territory,  find  a  target,  and  facilitate  either  kinetic  or  nonkinetic  influence  upon  it.  mods  official  line  on  the  matter,  as  confirmed  to  computer  business  review,  is  the  following:  there  is  no  intent  within  the  mod  to  develop  weapon  systems  that  operate  entirely  without  human  input.  our  weapons  will  always  be  under  human  control  as  an  absolute  guarantee  of  oversight,  authority
__label__controloptimizationautonomy and  accountability.  the  us  army,  royal  marines,  the  raf,  and  the  defence  science  and  technology  laboratory  dstl,  and  industry  partners  and  academia  will  also  be  involved,  as  will  more  than  200  multinational,  cross  service  personnel.  the  royal  tank  regiment  battle  group  will  provide  the  bulk  of  troops  and  take  responsibility  for  command  and  control.  autonomous  warrior  follows  the  unmanned  warrior  trial  conducted  by  the  royal  navy  in  2016,  which  demonstrated  around  50  autonomous  systems  diving,  swimming,  and  flying  systems  for  surveillance  intelligencegathering,  and  mine  countermeasures.  defence  said  autonomous  warrior  will  play  an  integral  role  within  the  800  million  that  supports
__label__controloptimizationautonomy new  innovations  on  their  way  into  service.  read  more:  2019  computer  business  review.  all  rights  reserved.  your  favorite  posts  saved  to  your  browsers  cookies.  if  you  clear  cookies  also  favorite  posts  will  be  deleted.
__label__controloptimizationautonomy army  finds  itself  at  the  dawn  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  4ir  where  rapid  technological  advancements  seem  to  be  revealed  on  a  regular  basis.  4ir  is  comprised  of  new  technologies,  including  but  not  limited  to,  machine  intelligence,  robotics  and  autonomous  systems.  however  a  central  feature  of  4ir  is  emergence  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  which  is  essentially  a  global  network  of  objects  connected  via  the  internet.  initially  intended  to  link  everyday  household  items  to  the  internet  for  control  and  monitoring  purposes  ie  smart  homes,  the  iot  is  now  connecting  digital  devices  at  an  exponential  rate.  the  internet  of  industrial
__label__controloptimizationautonomy things  iiot  has  also  arrived  for  purposes  such  as,  transport  management,  robotic  manufacturing  control  or  via  autonomous  mining  operations  orchestrated  from  distant  locations.  the  iot  continues  to  evolve  with  new  applications,  such  as  the  internet  of  space  things  and  the  internet  of  nano  things.  with  enhanced  connectivity  comes  greater  utility  and  disruption  of  traditional  industries,  such  as  teslas  networked  power  walls  and  autonomous  electric  vehicles  impacting  the  car  and  energy  industry.  however,  every  smart  device  that  fuses  with  the  network  could  potentially  be  controlled  by  malicious  software,  thereby  creating  another  point  of  access  to  exploit  or  disrupt  that  network.  so
__label__controloptimizationautonomy with  more  iot  digital  portal  s  opening  across  the  globe,  the  massive  growth  of  network  active  devices  may  generate  both  a  growing  security  risk  and  network  latency  challenge.  what  then  of  the  digitisation  concept  currently  being  implemented  across  army  via  land  200?  this  process  could  also  be  considered  as  development  of  an  internet  of  military  things  iomt,  which  is  akin  to  everyday  objects  iot  interface,  but  replicated  within  the  boundaries  of  a  military  environment.  the  iomt  might  also  be  considered  as  a  local  area  network  within  the  iot  global  area  network.  so  considering  iomt  in  this  network  configuration  may  initially
